SATURDAY, JULY 30, 1864. Salt is just one of those indispens- able articles of great bulk, in propor- tion to its value, which ought not to be prepared at a distance from where it is used ; yet we continue to bring from the other side of the world all that is needed for these colonies. True, car- riage by water is not very high, and the Liverpool ships, when in want of dunnage, or some compact substance to fill up chinks and crannies with, make a great reduction in the ordi- nary charges ; still the freight is from thirty to fifty shillings a ton, and the first cost of the salt itself may be from ten to fifteen, or about one-third of the freight. Thus, the consumer has to pay at least four times as much as his salt should cost him, and solely because, absorbed in thoughts of greater things, our prac- tical men of business have not as yet had time to pay much attention to the lesser economics. Attempts have to a certainty been made for the home supply of this article, but never yet on a scale calculated to show whether the high and natural protective duties created by distance will leave a profit in the manu- facturer's pocket or not. Boiling and evaporating pans have been erected on the shores of the bay, and at other places, from time to time, and Vic- torian salt has been seen in the Melbourne market, but was either con- demned as containing impurities which should have been separated from it, or the returns from the small quantities produced were not large enough to keep the makers from seeking more remu- nerative occupations of another kind. Besides, as the salt of England is mostly prepared from the very strong brine out of the mines and great deposits of rock salt from which the supplies there are drawn, but few of our countrymen are acquainted with the several modes of preparing salt from sea water, so the early failures are not to be wondered at. At length, however, we understand that the experiment is to be tried on a suffi- ciently large scale, and with such advan- tages in favour of the producer here as the freedom from freight, from loss by damage in store and on board ship, and from other charges which the importer cannot avoid, little doubt can be enter- tained of the addition, this time, of salt- works to the number of our permanent productive establishments. Large deposits of rock salt may at a future time be discovered, and these are the cheapest to work when the quantity required is great ; but all that we re- quire at present can be taken most advantageously from the sea water. The mode proposed to be adopted is that which has been in use in parts of Italy and Germany for some hundreds of years, but with modifications and improve- ments here to bring this more in accord- ance with the requirements of these pro- gressive days. The most common method is to evaporate the water at first in shallow ponds or salterns—a slow pro- cess, however, compared with that which we hope to see shortly in operation, namely, the Italian system of exposing the sea-water to currents of air while dripping slowly through walls composed of faggots of thorns or twigs. These are built up under sheds, hence called maisons d'epines, and so rapid is the evaporation, that in one passage through these on a moderately dry day, the per-centage of salt to the water remaining is doubled, and with a north wind blowing here would be quadrupled. The plan pre- pared for the works, which are to be erected at Williamstown, shows that when the salt has been sufficiently con- centrated by passing once or twice through the twigs, the brine is to flow slowly over a series of ropes until the greater part of the water is got rid of, when the final evaporation and purifica- tion is effected in the ordinary pans and filters, from which can be turned out either coarse bay salt, or refined salt for table use, as well as the intermediate qualities. The process is simple, and if not as old as the hills, is yet old enough to have become thoroughly understood, so that, even if the improvements should not effect any very decided saving, a fair estimate cannot far mislead as to the cost of production. This has of course been prepared, and without vouching in any way for its accuracy, we may say that the cost of the salt at the works is not expected to average moro than 10s. a ton. The estimated cost of buildings, plant, etc., fit to turn out 120 tons a week, is not expected to exceed ¿£5,000, and we understand that the project is likely to be carried out by a company consisting, most probably, of a limited number of shareholders. If this were merely a scheme for the investment of so many thousand pounds, with the prospect of either a small or a large return for the money, it would scarcely deserve such prominent notice j but the successful establishment of salt- works here is a matter of public im- portance, and, laying aside the reason- able probability of a very enticing profit, there is no fear of capital not being available for an undertaking of this nature. The proposed works are to produce about C,000 tons a year, or not far from half our annual importa- tions, which usually fluctuate between 12,000 and 15,000 tons ; and the mero reduction in the cost will not be the only benefit conferred on tho country. At present the price is comparatively low, barely paying for freight and other charges ; but the changes in this respect are often great, and a sudden rise in the price of salt has interfered with or marred many a well- devised plan for» meat-curing on an extensive scale. Then, much of the meat sent from these colonies at different times has been cured with impure salt, and has proved not to havo been saved at all, or else has turned out black and hard, giving a very unfavourable idea of what Australian beef really is. Now, salt prepared from sea-water must bo of the purest quality, and a constant supply of this always to be counted on at a moderate price, would be most surely followed by the founding of meat curing establishments on a far more extensive scale than such as we have yet had. Any considerable reduction in price would be quickly followed by a demand from the neighbouring colonies, until they have works of their own ; and, as with chemical works, so the making of salt here will tend materially to pro- mote the extension of these and of other branches of manufacturing industry. Salt is required at alow price for the produc- tion of chlorine, carbonate of soda, hydro- chloric pnd muriatic acids, and in the making of pottery, glass, and soap ; and unless the pike is low, it cannot be used to any extent for these purposes. No great fall in price is of course to be ex- pected from the operation of one such establishment as that wo hope to see shortly at Williamstown, but salt will not be long made there at ten shillings, or even at a pound a ton, before we have works capable of turning out enough to bring down the price to half what is now paid for the freight alone of an inferior article. The language used by some of the English journals in regard to the in- fluence reported to be exercised by the QUEEN on the Dano-German question, sounds strangely in the ears of English- men of this generation. However de- corously veiled and studiously guarded may be its expression, there is no doubt that a very general feeling prevails throughout England that the QUEEN haB permitted herself to be warped by dynastic and family ties on a question on which the vast majority of her people hold a very decided opinion. The sym- pathies of HUB MAJESTY aro entirely German, while the sympathies of tho people are Danish. The sentiment, on either side, is natural enough ; nor would the country have any cause for complaint had it been, on the QUEEN'S part, only a sentiment. We can surely afford to excuse something to the widow of that good and great Pi ince, whose memory is said to be cherished by his relict with a devotion passing the love of woman. Fulfilling all the difficult duties of his station with admirable impartiality and conscientiousness, the instincts of the late PRINCE were, as a matter of course, entirely German. His surviving brother, the Duke of SAXE-COBURG, who is be- lieved to have great influence over the QUEEN, is the virtual head of the German national party, and a staunch partisan of the cause of Schleswig Holstein. The QUEEN herself is almost purely German by blood ; and it is but natural that her affections should be centred in the land of iior kinsmen. Her eldest daughter's husband is the heir to the Prussian throne, and heads the armies of his country in the field. Almost every German court contains some cousin or kinsman of HER MAJESTY. The QUEEN is but a woman, with all a woman's impulsiveness, and with all the feminine propensity to be guided hy feeling rather than by reason. The country is, by a process quite as natural, entirely on the other side. With many things to bind us to the Germans, we have still more cause to sympathise with the Danes. It is true that we have been on two occasions at war with the one, and that we have never yet had a serious quarrel with the other ; but on the present occasion, in- stinct, duty, and wounded pride all tend to attach us to the Danish causo. We cannot forget that the Danes are our kinsmen, even neaier than the Gormans. Wo cannot but admire their rare national virtues, in which we imagine that we perceive a reflex of quali- ties which are eminently English, We like them because they are free, and have proved thomselves worthy of freedom. We honour the patient fortitude and the heroic en- durance with which they havo borne themselves in this most unequal strug gie; and, by instinct, we aro inclinée] to the weaker side. Lastly, we cannot forget that much of the present suffer ings of Denmark has been brought upor her through her faHh in English sym- pathy. If we did not actually pledg« ourselves to defend her cause ii; the field, we expressed ourselves so broadly as to induce her to hope that we should never suffer her to bt invaded and pillaged by the Germans The clumsy diplomacy of Lord BUSSELL meaning most prudently to say nothing as usual said a great deal too much Tho Danes at least understood that England would throw down he; warder in the lists, and prevent thi battle, when it came to the critica moment. They fully anticipated that having offered her guarantee to Gar many that Denmark would fulfil he treaty obligations, England would insis upon the other two Powers not resort ing to arms to enforce what was, afte all, so far as they were concerned, bu a literal violation of the Treaty o 1852. As to the Germans, it is not easy t know what place they havo in thi quarrel, or how they can complain o the action of England. The war i not between Germany and Denmark it is between Denmark and Prussii in alliance with Austria. The voie is the voice of JACOB, but th hands are tho hands of ESAU. Th Germans themselves do not pretend t say that Austiia and Prussia are righi ing in the cause of German nationaliti The authority of the German Diet lu been violently superseded by the tw Powers, and the Duke of AUGUSTENBUR formaUy disowned by the Prussian an Austrian commanders in Sohleswi« Holstein. Englishmen may he excusei therefore, for not recognizing in Austr. and Prussia the instruments of ti German people, and for not admittir that the cause of the two Powers is ti cause of Germany. It would be mo: true to say, in fact, that Austria ar Prussia are warring with Germany thi that they are fighting Denmark on b half of the Germans. The thirty ar odd little sovereigns-Dulces, Pilnce and Electors-Eeuss Greiz, Schaur burg-Lippe, Schwartzburg-Sanderhaust -what part have they in the Austr Prussian war in Schleswig-Holsteii How is the cause of Germany to be a vanced hy the acquisition of Sohleswi Holstein and tho humbling of the bra little people-smaller in numbers thi Hanover or Saxony-who inhabit t] peninsula of Jutland and the islands the North 1 There is nothing that ti majority of liberal Englishmon mo ardently desire to see than a free ai united Germany-a Germany which something more than an empty geogr pbical expression-a Germany whi shall be, in fact as weU as in name, o nation from the Adriatic to the Bait from the Rhine to the Oder-a country, place of a disordered jumble of kingdoi and states-a Bundesstaat rather thi a Staaten-Bund. But the present \M in Schleswig and Holstein has but remote reference to such an idi Granted that such portions of Denma as are German should be gathered m tho national fold, where is tho Germa to which they aro to be attached ? D( mark may be injured, but does Germa gain 1 All that we can infer from t equivocal policy of the two Germ Powers who are conducting this w clearly goes to show that, if they lu any design beyond their own aggri dizement, it is not the promotion German nationality. However harshly the conduct England may be judged in this quar; it must bo conceded that she ] been actuated by no feeling of si isbness. All her interest is on the s of the German powers, if all her sj pathy is with the Danes. If our pol as our good fiiends on tho Contin suppose, is alwayB actuated by motive! self-interest, how comes it that we being abused by the Germans because of our exertions in favour of Denmark 1 There is no conceivable profit tobo made out of our feeling for the Danes. There is a manifest injury to English interests in' any quarrel with, the German powers. A war with Germany would bo a re- versal of the whole course of British policy for the last three hundred years. Germany is our best bulwark a«ainst EuBsia on the ona side aud France on the other-the most important element in preserving the balance of Europe. England, therefore, has nothing to gain but everything to lose, by quarreling with the Germans ; and however feeble and wrong-headed may be the conduct of her statesmen in this crisis, it is not Germuny which has a right to complain of our policy. Allowing for some exaggeration, it is probable that to tho personal influence of the QUEEN we may attribute much of that irresolution and vacillation which have characterized the British Government in this crisis. Tho enthu- siastic cheers which greeted Mr. WHITE SIDE'S recent comparison of Lord BUSSELL with Loid CASTLEREAGH, as a Foreign Minister-cheers which, ac- cording to The Times', reporter, were taken up by the entire House, except tho Ministerial benches-are significant of the irritation and impatience with which men of all parties regard this in- trusion of the personal authority of the CiovMi into the councils of the nation. Loyal and devoted as they are to their present QUEEN, Englishmen aro consti- tutionally jealous of even the smallest hint of this kind of influence. The prin- ciple that the Crown can do no wrong is at the root of our whole system of Parliamentary government ; for the axiom involves that which is the essence and the foundation of our liberty. If the Crown can do no wrong, it is because the Crown can do nothing, according to our Constitution, upon its own authority. The Min'sters are the responsive controllers of the national policy ; and it is through them only that the QUEEN can act or speak. For two hundred years, no English Sove- reign has attempted to set aside this sacred principle of our Constitution; and that which our forefathers would not endure from CHAULES II. and WILLIAM III., will certainly not be tolerated from their successor. The QUEEN has many personal and peculiar claims upon the love and respect of her subjects ; but not even from VICTORIA, the widow of ALBERT, will it be endured that England should be committed to a course of foreign policy at variance with the feelings and opinions of English- men, and revolting to their sense of national honour and duty. Mr. O'Shanassy's interview with tho elec- tors of Ballarat hei not resulted ia any political disclosures likely to affect the forth- coming electioneering campaign. Ila spoko at much greater length at the dinner at which he was entsrttincd than lie did at tho public meeting, held earlier in the evening. St"l at the dinner, EI at the mc sting, ho avoided making any statement of the policy of the Opposition. There waa no difficulty, he sa!d, in finding men of position and ability to repreec-nt the various constituencies but if such men st'l' declined to como for- ward he would not again offer his former vigorous oppenition to tho principle of payment of members. The requisitions presented to Mr. J. D. Wood from the Ovens, and to himself from BaVnrat East, he did not regard so much as pirsonal com- pliments as the manifestation of a desire by the gold districts to secure the services of the test men available, in order to obtain efficient legislation in the new Parliament. The dinner wes not at a" upon a large scale. Be- tween fifty and sixty persons Eat doira to it. Mr, Frazer was the only member of tho Legis- lature present beside the guest of the even- ing, and the local municipal cannells were unrepresented, save in the pewon of the chair- man, Counci'lor Stolnfeld. The Governor in Council, in pursuance of the provisions contained in the Local Go- vernment Act, 18G3, has, by an order ia Council, deteimincd that the revenue de- rived from tolls collected on the St. Kilda or Brighton road shall be dlstiibuted amongst the several local bodies in the fol- lowing proportions, namely:-to tho Corpo- ration of the City of Melbourne, twentynine sixtieths ; the Council of the Borough of St. Kilda, eJghteen-aixtietbs ; the Connell of the Borough of Prahran, elevou-fcixtloths; the Caulfield District Road BoarJ, one sixtieth; the Gardiner District Road Board, ona six- tieth. Major Pitt, of tho Volunteer Staff; Lieu- tenant-Colonel Bede, Victorian Artillery ; and Captain Irving, of tho Victorian Rifles, have teen gazetted as a board for the examination of candidates for promotion in the Volunteer Force. The Government are evidently bsnt on economy in the matter of postal privilèges to the Civil Service. There is a notification in the Gazelle of laBt night that, aftar the 2ad of August next, no postage-stamps can be sup- plied for the use or on the requisition of any person in tho public si rvice under the Gc vernment of Victoria. After the above named date, no letter or packet from or to any of tho Government departments will bo exempt from postage, unless it he "on Her Majesty's service," and be so described on the outside thereof, and have impressed thereon a " frank stamp," not obliterated or defaced. Officers of tho Civil Service, and others who may re- quire frank- stamped envelop:«, must apply for the same, in the usual manner, to the Ministers controlling their r«pectivo depart- ments, and mast keep an account of the way in which such envelopes as they may bs sup- plied with are used. A return just laid upon the tablo of tho Legislative Councilor South Australia shows that the total number of electors for that body registered at the courts of revision, May, 1864, was 12,0á8, and for the Legislative Assembly 20,960. An application was made to the Acting Minister of Lands, yesterday, by a deputation consisting of Messrs. Joseph Sutherland, G. Macredie, P. Langwill, John Watson, and James Turner, to reserve from sale the piece of land at St. Kilda, situated to the south of the Royal Hotel, and at the junction of the Marine-parade and Acland-street. The de- putation presented a memorial in support of their views, signed by about eighty owners of property in the borough, setting forth that the sale of the land in question would impair the beauty of the sweep which terminated the Marine-parade, and that it would probably lead to the erection of tenements which would be an eyesore to the neighbourhood, and ob- struct the view from Clyde-street. In the course of conversation, it transpired that the land was originally reserved for a Presby- terian Church, and that an arrangement (of which the trustees knew nothing) was made between the late Minister of Lands and the Rev. Irving Hetherington to exohange it for an allotment at Queenscliff. The deputation , added that the church requirements of the Presbyterian body at St. Kilda were gradually ontgrowing the accommodation, and the land would form on admirable site for a new church. The interview terminated In an assurance on the part of Mr. Grant that he would not sell the land. The additions to the United Presbyterian Church in Collins-street east having been com- pleted tho edifico will be re opened for public worship to-morrow. The church is now a great ornament to tho neighbourhood. It has a handsome façade of bluestone, with Bath stone dressings, relieved by a tower and spire rising to the height of 110 feet. The style of architecture adopted is tho decorative Gothic. The tower, which forms a central feature, is fifteen feet and a half square. On either side of it is a two light window with appropriate tracery, filled—as are the other windows in the new portion of the build- ing—with ornamental glass, executed by Messrs. Ferguson and Urie, of North Melbonrno. The only outrance to the church is by a deeply recessed doorway at the foot of the towor. This dootway is a very elaborate affair. The jamb3 and arches are richly moulded, and the pillars have foliated capitals and moulded base?. Absve the door- way is a gable, filled in with Gothic tracery, the whole being surmountod by a cross. The carving exhibited here and in other parts of the structure is of a superior order. The spire, which forms a prominent object in the view obtained from any elevated ground in or around the city, is of Point Ventenat stone, with Bath stone dressings. We may here observe that the whole of the Bath stone used was a present from Mr. Adam Anderson, a member of the congregation. The entrance is ap- proached hy a broad flight of steps, at the foot of which runs an elegant iron palisade, of a design in perfect harmony with the architec- ture of the church ; and cast by Messrs. Laughton and Wilson. With regard to the interior, it may be remarked that new seats of polished cedar, with carved ends, have been provided, and that the old windows have been renovated. A two story building, for the purposes of a vestry and class-room, has also been constructed in the rear of the church. The works have been performed by Mr. William Ireland, from the designs of Mr. Charles Webb. The church will be known hereafter as St. Enoch's. Considering the smallness of the congregation, the creation of so acceptable an addition to the noteworthy edifices of the metropolis may be regarded as most praiseworthy. The church, as we have mentioned, will be re- opened to- morrow. The Rev. Adam Thomson, of Sydney, will officiate in the forenoon ; the Rev. Peter Brown, formerly of Wishawton, Scotland, in the attemoon, at three ; and the Rev. Dr. Cairns in the evening. There will be a collection at the close of each service for the building fund. On the evening of Tues- day, August 2, the Rev. Adam Thomson is to deliver a lecture in the church on " Socrates —his Life and Teaching;" the proceeds to be devoted to the abovementioned object. At the interview which took place on Thursday, between the Acting Commissioner of Roads and Bridges and representatives from the borough conncils of East Collingwood and Kew, and the district road board of Boroon- dara, relative to Johnston-street-bridge, a suggestion was made by Mr. John Edwards, M.L.A., that the bodies interested should con- fer together on the matter, and acquaint the head of the department with the result of their deliberations. Acting on this sugges- tion, a conference of delegates took place at Kew the same evening, East Collingwood being represented by Mr. T. Greenwood (the mayor) and Councillor Petherick; Kew by Messrs. Halfey and Derrick ; and Boroondara by Messrs. Blanksby and Robertson. Mr, Halfey was appointed chairman of the con- ference, and Mr. J. H. Moulines secretary. After some preliminary conversation, Mr. Halfey alluded to the definite proposal sub- mitted to Government relative to the John- ston-street-bridge, and stated that the Kew Council were in a position to carry out this proposition. A suspension bridge would pro- bably cost about £4,000, and there were parties willing to accept a mortgage of the tolls for that amount, at eight per cent. With regard to the proposed mortgaging of the toll revenue for ten years, Mr. Halfey stated that, if the tolls were sufficient to clear off the liabilities in a less period, then the right of control would terminate accordingly. After some observations from Messrs. Blanksby and Robertson, a motion was submitted, to the effect that the conference should recognise the joint control of East Collingwood, Kew, and Boroondara, in the management of the bridge. It was explained by Mr. Green- wood that any action taken by the con- ference would not be binding on local bodies. Previous to the resolution being put, Mr. Halfey stated that the Council of Kew had appointed a bridge committee, to take action in this matter ; action had been taken, and the passing of this resolution would stultify the action of the committee. Messrs. Halfey and Derrick then withdrew, and the con- ference was reconstituted, with Mr. T. Green- wood as chairman. The motion was then put and carried, and a second resolution, to the effect that the districts named in the pre- vious motion should immediately memo- rialize the Government to have the bridge and road proclaimed a common toll-road was also carried, and the conference shortly afterwards adjourned. A great difference of opinion appears to prevail in Carlton as to the propriety of sell- ing a block of land on the south of Grattan- street, and lying between Lygon-street and Drummond-street. The land was originally advertised for sale on Tuesday last, but it was withdrawn on the representation of cer- tain owners and occupiers of property in the locality, who waited upon the Acting-Minister of Lands, on the 15th inst. This action gave dissatisfaction to another section of the inha- bitants, who, in public meeting, on the 21st, determined to memorialize the Minister to sell the land. The memorial, numerously signed, was presented yesterday by a de- putation, consisting of Messrs. W. Ievers, A. M'Bean, G. J. Jennings, J. Ryan, Goldsmith, Mitchell, and Cameron, in the presence of Messrs. J. Mason, W. Rad- cliffe, A. Linacre, M'Clure, O'Grady, Hol- tham, and Glyn, who advocate the other view of the question. The memorialists urged that the representations which led the withdrawal of the land from sale were made without the knowledge of the in- habitants generally ; that the land was not needed for public purposes; and that its sale would be beneficial to the locality. In reply to this, it was contended that if the Govern- ment were to sell the land, they would com- mit a breach of faith towards those who had purchased property on the understanding that the block in question would be reserved for "public purposes." After patiemtly hear- ing both sides of the question, Mr. Grant told the deputation that he could come to no de- cision in the absence of the plan under which the owners of adjoining property bought from the Crown ; but he promised that he would duly consider the matter, and that, if nothing in the shape of vested rights stood in the way, the land should be sold. The lovers of sensation, and the purveyors of sensational news, are making quite a hero of the bushranger Morgan. The false report circulated in Melbourne on Wednesday, of his capture, rapidly spread throughout the country with wonted exaggeration. At Gee- long the appearance of a police-van, guarded by a half-dozen troopers, conveying two long- sentenced men who had been transferred from Ballarat to Geelong gaol, sent all the idlers gaping into the streets to spread the rumour that Morgan was taken. At Sand- hurst it was reported that he had been recog- nized at the Castlemaine station, taking a ticket for Taradale. While at Castlemaine, crowds rushed to the station to see the robber pass through Castlemaine from Kyneton, on his way to Sandhurst, by the twenty minutes past three p.m. train. Seven designs, as we have already men- tioned, were received by the Department of Public Works for the proposed resi- dence of the Governor. The mottoes are as follow :—"Delta CTFDGS 2," " Œquum Postulo," "Old Colonist," "Utile Dulci," "Vicenza," "Esperance," and "Anchor." The design marked " Esperance" has now been selected. The authors are Messrs. Reed and Barnes. The design will be at the Exhibition- building, for public inspection, from Tues- day to Thursday next, between the hours of twelve and four. The board appointed to select the design were the Hon. M. Hervey president; and Messrs. Leonard Terry, F. M. White, T. Higinhotbam, and W. W. War- dell. We have dates from Auckland to the 9th inst., but the news is unimportant. The Tauranga correspondent of the New Zealander expresses an opinion that the Maories are still disposed to prolong the struggle in that dis- trict, and to have another trial of strength with our troops. No further active operations however had, when he wrote, taken place in that district, nor had any intelligence arrived of otherwise than a peaceful character from the Waikato. The commissioners appointed by the three Australian Governors to decide upon the site for the future seat of Govern- ment were expected to arrive in Auckland about the end of the month. A steamer waa to be in waiting to convey them to Cook's Straits, for the purpose of visiting the various localities submitted for their selection. The citizens of Nelson are on the tiptoe of expecta- tion that their port may win the prize. The Adelaide dates are to the 25th inst., but the news has been for the most part antici- pated. From Sydney we have dates to the 26th inst. The news is unimportant. We have dates from Queensland to the 23rd. Elsewhere will be found an abstract of the report on the case of Mr. Jordan, the emi- gration commissioner, and somo interesting statistics. A philological novelty is mentioned by the South Auttralian Résister, in a small work con- taining portions of Scripture, translated into their native language, for the use of the abori- gines at Point Macleay, by the missionary, Mr. Geo. Taplin. The work comprises selected portions from the Old Testament and the New, and is printed at the expense of tho South Australian Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society. This will doubt- less prove of great service to the missionary, in his attempts to make the natives of tho Narrinyeri tribes familiar with the Scrip- tures. By the ship Sussex, seven Carolina ducks have arrived for tbe Acclimatisation Society. She has also on board three foxes, nine par- tridges, one pair of pigeons, four doves, and a number of Bong-birda. They are all in first rate order. By the proceedings which took place last night at tbo annual meeting of the Melbourne and Provincial Trade Protection Society, it would appear that that body have got into a position of some difficulty. About 30 mem- bers were present, and Mr. G. A. Mouritz pre- sided as chahman. After the usual formal preliminaries, the annual repoit and balance sheet were brought up. The former set forth that business had largely increased, that £24,000 had been collected during the past year, that tho Ballarat branch being found unprofitable had been given up to a local committee, that the sooiety numbered over SOO members, and that under a pro- jected improved system of management more success was to bo expected. Tho balance sheet for the year showed au income ol £397 IDs. 2d., £154 13s. 5d. of which was sur- plus, while the general bilance-sheet Bhowed a total receipt of £3,609 7s. Id. The pro feesional auditor, Mi. Ogllvy, also roportod that all moneys collected had beon paid ever, excepting £91 15s. 2d., which was lodged in the National Bank, to the credit of thi society, to whom £24 7s. 7d. was due. Th< chairman tbon stated what the difficult] was. The board he said had proposed ti pay their clerkB by salary and not by fees and this had met with the disapprobation of Mr. J. B. Coombs, their secretary, who had a day or so ago suddenly resigned office, hw retained possession of the offices, which he had leased in his own name, and now used for the purpose of pushing forward an opposi tlon " Trade Protection Society." In hiß let ter to the chairman, Mr. Coombs dwelt on th fact that the society had been got up by him self, he having boen mainly responsible fo everything when he indemnified the director! and iLcurred the preliminary expenses b: advancing them from his own pocket In this case, and seeing that the soclot; must become insolvent if tho board carrie out its Buicidal idea, he had take: his course. Some diccussion ensued, i which it appeared that the board ha wished to força the society1!) clerks to tak payment by salary, and pay their fee for service of summonses back to the society Eventually the roport and balanco-sheet wei adopted. Mr. O.E. Jones then moved,-" The as the conduct of the secretary made it ur desirable to retain him in offico, his resigne tion should not Le accepted, bat himself dil missed." This was seconded by Mr. J. Fe gusson, and carried. In the desultory coi versation which followed, Mr. Radcliffe e: pressed his regret at Mr. Coombs' conduct, bl urged the importance of checking any atterri] to get the confidence of the publio transferre to Mr. Coombs' new society. Soveral men bera remarked that they had been alreac asked for subscriptions for this newBOciety, c the representation that it was the same i the !old one. In answer to Mr. 0. E. Jonc the chairman, and members of the bo»! generally, who had previously intimated the intention of resigning office, agreed to retai it till they had got mattera straight ; and, ( tbe motion of Mr. Fergusson, they were i appointed temporarily, and requested 1 report ;to another meeting as soon possible. This practically concluded the pt ceedings, the only other matter of interc which transpired being a statement made 1 Mr. Shaw, the solicitor to the society, expiai ing that he bad been so engoged for two at a half years, but had only* received as rem neration, £24 for the first half-year, £48 li for the next, and £318 los. 2d., less £501 counsel's fees, during the noxt year and half. This was because he had paid in all 1 coBts fees into (he secretary's hands, and t sums he bad mentioned were all returned that official out of £899 received on ti account. The proceedings then tern nated. An adjourned half-yearly meeting of t sbareholders of the Aiitated; Bread Compa !waB held yesterday,' at'the offices,' 31 Quei btrcet; Mr. W. M. Bell in the chair. 1 directors' leport entered into the history of the formation of the company in February, and its subsequent registration under the Companies Statute, with limited liability to the fchareholders. Th« report went on to state that, Dr. Dauglisb having received the resolution of the last meeting, adjourn- ing the question of consideration to him for twelve months, had written to the effect that he trusted the matter would bo brought before the shareholder;; at an oarlier date. Dr. Dauglisb, in the same letter, aleo mentioned that he was assisting the com- pany's agents, Messrs. Dalgety and Co, in the preparation of the machinery and the selec- tion of a thoroughly-competent working superintendent. The directors had replied that at the proper time they iutended to recommend that a fair consideration should bo given to him for any services he had rendered or might render. By the last mail advices had been received by them that the machinery, manufactured by Messis. Stoibers and Pitt, waB to bd delivered in London for shipment on the 15th of Juno, so that it might bo expected to arrive in the colony in September. On the 30th of June, the directors had leceived on account of shares £765 15s., and the amount still un- called for was ¡£802 5'. The expenditure amounted to £938 ; but since that date 555 Bharts had been taken at Castlemaine, and 140 at Sandhurst, makiug the cash account for sh BTes £2,8(53. Th« report further gave a detailed account of the success of the bakeries iu London worked under Dr, Dauglish's procese ; and intimated that so soon as 5,000 shares were taken up, additional machinery would be sent for, and the operations of tho company estended. Mr. Brougham wa; elected a director in the room of Mr. O. N. Thorne, deceased. The report was received, and unanimously adopted. The bi-monthly meeting of the Catherine Reef Mining Company was held yesterday, at the offices, 37 Market square; Mr. Danson in the chair. The manager read the directors' report, which stated that immediately upon their .'going Into office they requested the late manager to prepare a report on the state of the company's property ; and they engaged Mr. Magee, of tho New Chum Company (Sandhurst) to inspect the works. It appeared to the directors that this investigation dis- closed great negligence on the part of the persons employed by the Company, and they felt it had become neces- sary to make a chango In the manage- ment. The directors subsequently took steps to put the works into complete repair, and to clear off the existing liabilities, besides pro- viding for the necessary expenses of timbering the shaft. They accordingly made a call of Is. a share, which had been well responded to, and had produced £000. The repair had been completed under the superintendence of Mr. Magee, and stone was raised from which good results wero anticipated. The report and balance-sheet were received, and unanimously adopted. The present directors were re elected ; and It was resolved that those persons whose shares had been forfeited should be allowed to poy up arrears, with fif- teen per cent, interest, and if such payment be ¡made by a time to be fixed by the board the directors be empowered to reinstate these shareholders lu their privileges. At the weekly meeting of the Exe- cutive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, the superintendent made the following return ¡-Number of in- mates in the home, as reported last week, 65a ; admitted since, 70; persons who have received out-dcor relief, 211 ; total relieved, 935. Dis- charged uom the home during the week, 61 Total at present remaining, CG0 ; consisting ol -children chargeable to the Government dGS ; cases chargeable to the society, 192. The much-needed institution of a Sailors Home is likely to ho brought into operatloi at an early day. The committee, notwith standing the financial difficulties they havi had to contend with, are desirous to open thi institution as speedily as possible. Wo un derstaud that a sum of at least £1,000 (in ad ditton to the late Government grant of £500 is required to enable them to disburse thoi current liabilities, and complete that portlor of the building at present erected, previous ti opening. The committee have commençai canvassing the city for subscriptions, and ar about making an appeal to the other ports c the colony and the country districts, which no doubt, will bo well responded to. At the weekly meeting of the Commltte of Management of the Benevolent. Asylum the superintendent stated that the numbe in the house for the past week was 368 died, 1 ; left, 2 (of own accord) ; admittee 4 ; remaining in tho house, 369 ; refused fe want of room, 11 ; besides twenty-fivo familie receiving out- door îelief. Wo aro requeste to acknowledge the receipt of the followlo donations to the Collingwood Soup Kttohcn -W. Ford, 10s.; his Honour R.W. Pohl maD, £1 ; a Friend, C3. ; A. D. N., £1 Jno. Eldiidge, 5s.; Haege and Prell, £5 5s. A Baker, 10s,; Gordon and Gotch, £1 J. W. Clough and Co., £2 2s.; Maguii and Co., £1 Is.; Moore, Hawthorne, an' Co., £2 2s.; A.C., £1; Alston and Browr £1 ; Levey Brothers, £1 ; J. Mowling, 10s. ; . Bevan and Co., £1 Is. ; E. Cohen and Co., I Is. ; T. W. Paynes £1 ; P. Falk and Co., 10 6d.; Georgo Pickett, 3061b. beef ; Henry Con woll, 1001b. beef; GoldsbrougU and Cc 1601b. beef; - Bignell, 1001b. beef; M Davidson, 1001b, beef ; Tucker and BOUB 1001b. beef; Mr. Newman, twenty-four loavi bread ; Mason and Firth, one bag flou Currie and Smith, 1 bag oatmeal ar one bag barley; Mr. Katzansteln, one b¡ rice; a friend, two bags rice; Francis ar M'PherBon, two loads firewood. Tho following prisoners have been di chaiged from the penal department dutii the past week :-William or John Brow tried at Melbourne 18th April, 1804, for Is ceny, end sentenced to three months ; Geor, Blythe, tried at Melbourne 20th May, 18( for larceny, and sentenced to three month John Burt, tried at Kilmore 20th July, 18( for stealing from the person, nnd sentenced eighteen months; Leon Berngolf, tried Melbourne 15th February, 1862, and 24 April, 1862, for forgery and uttrring, and se tenced to two years and two years consec tlve ; Francis Connors, tried at Collingwo 30th April, 1864, for being Illegally on stoc ade reserve, and sentenced to three mont! William Coleman, tried at Castlemaine 22 October, 1861, for receiving stolen hoi ses, a sentenced to seven years ; William O'Conn« tiied at Fitzroy 21st March, 1864, fon graney, and sentenced to six months ; Jol T. O 'Connell, tried at Fitzroy, 21st March.181 fcr vagrancy, and sentenced to six montl Hairy Smith, alias John Brown, tried at M bourne 1st August, 1861. for false prêtent and sentenced to three years; John Thom tried at Melbourne 15th January, 1861, stealing a tub, and sentenced to six montl Elisba Youlton, alias Burgess, alias Jc Sheppard, tried at Sandhurst 8rd Octol 1862, for larceny, and sentenced to t years. The Victoria Police Gazelle notifies that undermentioned tlcket-of-leavo holdor hav failed to report' himeeli in the district which he wes authorized to retido, is thi fore illegally at Innre :-John Bishop (2,9 ticket of leave granted 21st November, 11 for the distiict of Kilmore. Two Chinamen,' named Ah Ching and 1 Moy, who hud got into trouble about st acts of petty larceny, were sentenced yester- day, at tho City Police Court, to short terms of imprisonment. On their way to the watch house from the dock, the prisoners made a violent attack uron a Chinese detective named Louis Fun Sing, who was one of the principal witnesses against them. The de- tective received in the senfflo a severe blow upon the face, which left a conspicuous mark. The prisoners were brought back into court, and sentenced, apparently to their great dis- gust, to a month's hard labour for the assault. There was a pretty long businere list at the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday, but the cases were mostly small debt ones, involving trifling amounts. Thos. Bookltdge was com- plained against for having allowed an over- flow of a water-channel near his house to remain unchecked ; but as be had complied with the act since the complaint'was made, he was merely ordered to pay 2s. Gi. costs. S. F. Wooler was charged with illegally detaining property of the small value of 4s. Od. He was ordered to restore the property or pay the amount, with 10s. 6d. costs. Joseph Lewis, charged with damaging property belonging to S. F. Wooler to tho amount of £5, was ordered to poy 10s. for the damage dono, and 10a. Gd. costs, with the alternative of a month's im- prisonment. Messrs. WiUon and Matheson were the presiding magistrates. There was no business of any interest at either the Emerald hill or Sandridge Police Courts yesterday. Mr. Candler, tho district coroner, held an inquest yesterday, at the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, upon the body of Georgo Barter, aged thirty-eight years. Deceased had only boen au inmate since tho 23rd inst. Ou his ad- mission, be had many marks, bruises, scratches, and abrasions upon his body, aud one of his toes showed signs of incipient mortification. On the 27tb, ho became very feeble, and unable to swallow, and died at five o'clock that evening. In accordance with the evidence of Mr. Rudall, surgeon, the jury found that the deceased died from disease of the brain. Another inquest was held at the same institution, upon the body of a deceased patient, named Henry Elder, aged thirty-seven years, who was admitted on the 25th of June last. He was then in a state of maniacal excitement, depending upon general paralysis. On the 26th inst. he was Bent to the hospital. On the afternoon of the next day he began to sink, and died at two o'clock yesterday morning. Upon post-mortem examination, several bruises were found upon different parts of the body and limbs of deceased. They were not vory prominent, and might, tho surgeon (Mr. Budall) considered, have escaped observation during life. They had apparently existed for some days before death. From the con- dition of the blood, he thought it likely that a Blight injury would cause a bruise. The bruises might have been caused by the de coaEed himEclf. Believed that an attendant might easily bave overlooked them with- out any greot negligence or want of care. The evidence of Dr. Paterson Bhowed that, on the 6th inst., deceased received a black eye. It was caused, as witness was fold, by one of the patients. He had no btuises that wit- ness was aware of, on his arms or legs when ho left witness's charge, on the 26th inst., to be removed to the hospital. None Buch had been brougbt under his notice. Mr. Allan, resident surgeon, slated that the deceased was not so violent as to require mechanical re- straint. Did not know how he received the bruises on the body and limbs. They were not shown to witness during the life of deceased. It was a part of the duty of the attend- ant to bring under the notice of witness any bruiseB which he might discover, and also to report them in writing. Witness ex- amined the body of deceased when he was placed under his care on the 2Gth inst. He then Baw a discoloration of the right hip, which ho did not then look upon as a braise. Did not observe any bruise upon the arm of deceased. An attendant, named Hoeizel, said the deceased had been under his charge since the 26th inst, to tho time of his death. Had examined bim, and found an ulcer on the leg, and also eomo small spots like erysipelas on his legs. He further had some small dis- coloured spots upon different parts of his body. This was before Mr. Allan examined him. Did not remember bringing the bruises under Mr. Allan's notice. The jury found in accordance with the medical tes- timony, that deceased died from congestion of the lungs. It has now been settled that the Melbourne and suburban masonic lodges will shortly give a grand masonlo ball, which is at least to equal those which have taken place in post years. The accounts connected with last year's ball were finished up some BÍX months ago; and about ten weeks since the joint secretaries, Messrs. T. Beed and A. Ellis, Issued circulars to the different lodges in and about Melbourne, asking them to send representatives, who should make preparation for another such occa- sion. Twenty one lodges were thus com- municated with, and sixteen representatives met on Wednesday last to consider the mat- ter. The result was that the following gentle- men were oppointed to act as a committee : Mr. Crowell, chairman ; Mr. J. Edwards, j un., vice- chairman; Mr. A. E. Smith, treasurer; Mr. T. Reed and Mr. A. Ellis, joint secre- taries ; and Messw. D. E. Thompson, 0. Skar- ratt, H. W. Lowilo, Wm. M'Gann, J. O. Rose, G. M. Nicholls, and J. S. Butters, members of committee The ball will probably take place in October next, at tho Exhibition building. At East Collingwood Police Court yester- day, Matilda Raines was accused of stealing a dress, valued at £1, from the house of Richard Tonks, on Nortbcotc- flat. The prisoner, who stated that sho had received the dress from the prosecutor for a consideration, wa3 sent to gaol for one month, with hard labour. John Stephens, for failing to show'canse why ho should not, by order of the Court, pay a sum of money due to Richard George, was also committed to gaol for one month, with hard labour. John Arnott, brought up for disobeying a summons of the court, was dis- charged ; but on a charge of assault, preferred ogainBt him by a solicitor named Whiting, he was remanded until noxt court- day. The charge is one of long standing, and has been In abeyance owing to the defendant having been in a distant pait of the colony. Tho Bench allowed ball in two sureties of £5 each and tbe defendant's own recognizance for £10. A few small debt actions were also dealt with, ard a householder, for allowing MB cow to stray, was fined Is., and 2s. G1, costs. The Hon. G. Harker and Mr. J. R. Brennand were the magistrates in attendance. An ¡inquest was held yesterday at Rich- mond, by tbo district coroner, upon the body of Chorlcs Frlck.a tailor, aged fifty one years. On laßt Wednesday night the deceased waa taken iilveiy suddenly, and although a medi- cal man was at once sent for, before his arrival the deceased had expired. The post- mortem examination, made by Dr. Graham, showing that death was the result of abscesses of the brain, a verdict was returned to that effect. Creswick has been favoured by the visit of a professional burglar. On Wednesday night, a man, who gave his name as William Taylor, was found in the stores of Fitzgerald Brothers, Albert-street. The storeman had been out, and on his return found the back door of the store standing open. This aroused his suspicions, and on searching the store he found Taylor concealed in the corn- bin. The storeman secured him and ob- tained assistance. On searching the pri- soner six skeleton keys, or picklocks, were found in his breast pocket, along with two chisels, a gimlet, and a knife. At the police court he pleaded " Guilty" to tho charge of being found in the store, and also of having picklocks in his possession, and was sen- tenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labour. Taylor had every appearance of tslng an old hand, and admits having served several terms of imprisonment in the gaols of Melbourne and Ballarat. A handsome specimen of gold, lately found in the district, is described by the Inglewood Adver User. It weighs twenty-three ounces, and there appear to bo about ton ounces of gold in and on it. The stone is a block about four inches by two, and has all tho appearance of a miniature reef in itself. The great mass of the gold is piled in irregular layers on one Bide, from which there runs through the body of the stone a rich vein of gold. A curious peculiarity about the speci- men is the presence of a number of regu larly-foTmed quartz crystals embedded ,in the gold. As a supplement to our account of the telegraphic misdoings in the canary and carraway seed markets, the Mount Alexander Mail relates the following :-" We have now before us a telegram received on the 26th by Mr. Crawcour, of this town, in which he is requested by his correspondents to get COO ' horses !' Mr. Crawcour, of course, was staggered by such a demand, and having re- ferred the message to tho telegraph station master was told that " horses" might moan 'notes.' How the difficulty was adjusted we do not know, but we are quite sure that, what- ever Mr. Crawcour's ability may be to raise COO ' notes' at a few hours' notice, he could not be very well expected to comply with a demand sufficient to mount a regiment of cavalry." Ballarat had quite a battue on Thursday on the unfortunate water-hens which had taken up their abode in Lake Wendouree prior to the dtiye of civilization and improvement. About thirty invited fowlers were present, and the number of water-hens shot amounted to about 200. Mr. Angus M'Millan arrived at Sale on the 25th, on his way to open up a dray- road from Sale to the Crooked River, by which drays can take up all the heavy parts of machinery re- quired in quartz-crushing. From what wo are given to understand, Mr. M'Millan, by the route he intendB to clear, will be able to take the boilers for the machinery for the Pioneor Crushing Company by bullock-drays. The Ballarat Star sass:-"The objection- able practice of the Government, in selling lands in auriferous districts without first obtaining reports thereon from the mining authorities, has been often discussed by the mining board, and remonstrated against. On Thursday the board resolved to address a memorial to the Government pointing out the extreme inconvenience to the public interests which results from the practice In question." Amongst other domestic wants now sevoroly felt by tho inhabitants of Auckland, is a great scarcity, and a consequent increased price, of firewood. A dearth of this article is the last thing one would expect in a f jrest country like Now Zealand ; and one reason stated for it Lj, that there is not sufficient competition in the trade to keep up a full supply, and that the firewood dealers are thereby enabled to obtain their own prices. Tho scarcity of labour is, no doubt, partly the cause of this. A very disgraceful occurrence is reported by a Bendigo paper. The writer Btates that after a meeting held at the Sheepwash on Wednesday, at which Mr. John Black and Mr. Dressier addressed tho ratepayers, the former narrowly escaped being ill-treated by a body of men who attacked him. It ap- pears that these men, resident at Axe Creek, were so enraged at Mr. Black's advocacy of a rate of Is. 3d. in tho pound for next year, that they followed him from the place where he had spoken, nnd whilst ho was in the boardroom signing a chequo rushed in, and, several of them saying that they would make him go in for a shilling rate, made at him ; one seized him by the collar of his coat, and others struck him on tho back of his head. As there had been premonitory symptoms of a disturbance, tho superintendent of police, Mr. Chomley, had been communicated with the previous day, and he sent four troopers to the spot. These came in almost imme- diately after Mr. Black was pounced upon, and rescued him from his assailants. A case of wanton mischief was disclosed at the last meeting of the trustees of the Geelong' Botanical Gardens. Two mountain ducks had recently been presented to the gardens; one of these ducks Mr. Bunce regretted to inform the meeting was found dead on the bank of the sheet of water on Sunday last, precisely at the time when some of the visitors to the gardens were in the act of throwing sticks and inducing their dogs to jump into the water, much to the annoyance of the duck, to the gold-fish, to the curator, to every good citizen, and contrary to the rules on the notice-boards at all the entrance gates, which every visitor to the gardens is supposed to read. One of the gentlemen pre- sent drew the attention of the meeting to his having been informed that two persons were seen galloping at full speed in various parts 0f the gardens on Sunday last, when another member of the committee remarked that he had been an eye-witness of the circumstance alluded to. It was moved and carried unani- mously, " That the curator do write to the inspector of police requesting him to be good enough to place two policemen at the dis- posal of the gardens on Sunday afternoons." On Thursday evening lost about 300 In- mates of tho Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum assembled to hear Mr. James Smith read Borne poitionB of David Copperfield. This is, wo believe, the first time in the asylum that the inmates have had the pleasure of enjoy- ing an entertainment of this kind. Tho surgeon- superintendent expresses a wish that there should be suitablo readings, lectures, &c;, 'given monthly, and we trust that many gentlemen will be ready to offor their services as has been the caso at the Benevolent Asylum. The irmates would look forward to such entertainments with pleasure, and eraoy them thoroughly. Tholr behaviour on Thursday evening last was admirable, and formed a contrast to many a sane assemblage, by no means favourable to the Utter. Their nttention during the hour and a half that Mr. Smith read to them was unflagging, and their appreciation evident. A football match will be played on the Melbourne ground this afternoon, between twenty of the Melbourne Club and twenty chosen from the Eastern-hill and Royal Park Clubs ; kick-off at two p.m. It is proposed to have shortly an afternoon's amateur pedestiran contest, on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. It is long since there was anything of the kind in Melbourne, though the last meeting was decidedly a great success. A programme will shortly be published. With a view to aid in clearing off the re- maining balance of debt on tho Volunteer Drill room, Eastern-bill, a misocllauoous musical entertainment was given thero last oveninf by members of the East Melbourne Volunteei Artillery Coip«, assisted by Mis. Fox.-Messrä. W. H. Williams and R. Spensley; and the Metropolitan Amateur Negro MluBtrols. Although the " skiey influences" were singu- larly unpropltious, tbero was a good attend- ance, attracted possibly by the liberal pro- gramme of the evening, which included dancing at the close of the concert. The varied selections of songs, glees, ducts, and choruses were creditably performed. The Lyster Opera troupe are now repeating in the principal ¡country towna the musical works- with which we havo been lately familiar in Melbourne. After a successful career in Bendigo, they are performing at tho Theatre Royal, Ballarat. The dramatic com- pany lately performing at this theatre-in- cluding MisB Cleveland and Mr. II. Edwards aie now ploying at the Theatre Royal, Gee- long. The play of " Leah" is, of course, the main attraction. At tho Theatre Royal this evening the only chance in the programme is the substitution of the farce of "A Night at Emerald-hill" for "The Rendezvous." Mr. Wigan's comedy and "Tho Bonnie Fishwife" keep their places on the bills. The filing for Colonel Anderson's Challenge Cup Match will commence at 1 and 2 ranges, Sandridge Butte, at one p.m. this day. Mr. John Roberts, the champion billiard player, it will bo seen, is engaged for a match at the Albion Hotel on Tuesday evening. 