COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. The Aram Office, Thuiaday Evening. The nowa by the ¡mall baa not given any impetus to transactions in the import market. Tea Is held still more firmly than before the delivery of the advices, and is likoly to rule high. The Maria Eltzaboth, and tho Pactólo, which vvcro on the berth at Hong Kong in May, for this port, are vessels of small size. The fliEt is considered likoly to bring Chinese possingers», and the Pactole will have a large quantity of Chinese oil and hemp on board. These vessels, therefore, aro not likoly to bring much tea, and that probably all of tho old crop. Tho Warrior, which was also on tho berth, is tho Bliip Shawmut, lately Amcrioan. Ehe also is likely io biing immigrants, while tlie bulk of the Ben Nevis's cargo-as abo comes by way of Manilla-will be sugar and hemp, or sugar alone (for Sydney). We must depend, therefore, on the stocks of tea alroady In the colony, until tho first of tho new seaEOu's tea comes to hand. Nono of it would bo shipped before the 1st of the present month, and-as we remarked yesterday-can- not be looked for to arrive bofore the end of October or beginning of November. Sugar Is also firmor. Stilus of rice wero made at pre- vious quotations. Tobacco is less firmlv hold, (he stocks in the colony being enormous. Harthill'» Circular, dated New York, 2nd May, glvcB the quantity of manufactured tobacco shipped from New York for Australia In the month of April as 33 ¿,8011b, as against 880,8081b. in tho corresponding month of lact year. From Boston 183 pack- ages wero exported in the same month, as againpt 205 packages in Aptil, 18G3 A lot was offered by auction at Messrs. Frasor's rooms, but the prices asked by holders could not be obtained. Sales of genova, to the ex- tent of Eome 7,000 oases, aro reported ; but the prices have not transpired. They arestatod to bo fully equal to entrent rates. Kerosene oil is in good inquiry. Wheat is wanted, and full pi ices aro offered, but tho supply is light. The flour market has been strongly BlTectid, and towards the close of the day tho demand be cam o brisk. Considerably over COO tonB changed hands at rates varying from £28 6s. to £28 10s" and possibly higher. For Tasmanian as high as £26 10a. waa asked. This ¿movement was occasioned by the re- ceipt of telegrauiB from San Francisco, vid New York, Liverpool, Malta, aud Suez, with intelligence as late as the 6th of May, or nine days' later than that previously to hand. These telegrams concurred in stating that I the weather had been unfavourable ; that the harvest was likely to he bad; and that wheat had risen to 80. per lb.,-a prloo equlva- I lent to 103. per bushel in Holbourne, freight and charges included. It was also advised that wheat might rise to áo., or even 5o. per lb. On the strength of theEO statements, ex- tensive purchases wero made, and the sale of the cargo of the ship Lockett, which arrived at Sydney in the morning, was stopped by means of the telegraph. Wheat was also bought to some extent in the Adelaide mai ket through the same agency. Wo may, therefore, anticipate a further inorease in the price of breadstuff's. The intelligence as to the stats of the monty market in England is likely to raise the exchanges, and as tbe piice of gold may be said to bo regulated by the latter, the con- tinuance of a high rate of interest in London must raleo the price of gold here. It will also have the effect of tightening the local money market, whilo the iucreastd rate of exohange will fall somewhat heavily on thoBO of our importers who deal through the banks. It will be noticed that a fall has occurred in London in the course of the month in the value of the stocks of some of the banks of, or doing business in, the Australian colonies. There were no export entries for gold passed at the Cuitom-honse to-day. The Customs revenue collected at the port of Melbourne on Wednesday amounted to £4,981 2s. 6d. Tho following wore the Items ¡-Spirits, 4,218gal., £2,109 8s. Id.; wine, l,622gal., £228 Cs. 9d. ; beer, 17,652 gal., £441 Gi. ; tobacco (manufactured), 1,8661b., £185 12s.; do. (unmanufactured), 1681b., £718.».; tea, 6,1831b, £164 11s. 6d. ; sugar, l,633cwt, £48918s. 9d. ; coffee, 0,7201b., £56 ¡dried fruits, 460cwt., £2306?. lid. ; malt, 8,392 bushels, £84 l63. ; hops, 1,6161b., £12 17s. 8d. ; wharfage rates, £29611s. 8d.; spirits diBtilled in Victoria, 260gal., £90 18a. Id. txportdutyon gold, 462oz, £181 13a. Id. tonnage, £23 14s. ; other moneys, £384 as Total, £4,981 2s. 6d. Pilotage, £09 7s. 2d. The number of vessels which entered thi r ort of Melbourne from,the 4th to the Ott inBt., both inclusive, was thirty-one; thi number of men imployed on board, 431; ant the aggregate burden, 8,125 tons. Only fivi of the vessels were not colonial ; and ofithes five, three were British. Eight were fron Newcastle, with cargoeB of coal ; four wert from Adelaide ; one from Charente ; two fron London ; and one from Hamburg. 1 he stock and share market was not quit BO active to-day, English news being th topic of the day. The demand for banl stock is on the increase, while in insuranc there Is a slight lull. Hobson's Bay Rail wa shares are in botter request, and at highe tates. In London this company's bond have been sold at £108, thus giving a re turn of about five per cent, to the holde: There is a probability of a little moro bus: ness in gas. Mining matters continue buoj ant, and promise a large amount of bus ne SB. Band |of Hopes are firm at ££> Robin Hoods havo advanced consldei ably. This company expects to get th rich gutter now being worked by th British Company. Scarsdale shares general! have improved. There seems to bo som doubt as to the truth of the accident reporte as having occurred at the Buninyong mini Ajax continue to move. Catherine (Keith'i are in demand. Hustler's ore steady. Johi son's Beef are wanted ; and a fair doman exists for Eaglehawk Association, Indeper dent, Nelson, Star, and Victoria, Minn are considerably better. The North Grenvll Company repoit the yield of gold for the wee ending on the Oth inst. at 65oz. 17dtvt. 18g Messrs. Baillie and Butters report sales < Colonial Bank at £7 15s., Australasian Li Insurance at 12?., Ajax Mining at £3, an Vicloiia Beef at 7s. 6d. Some very fine specimens of copper or from tho Peak DOWUB mines, in Qneonelan are now being exhibited in the office 1 MesBis. Baillie and Butters. A patent wes applied for to-day for a ne chemical process of treating iron pyritos fro: quartz reefs. Some extraordinary results a: certified as having been obtained by the pr cess ¡at the Wood's Point crushing mill The process ia said to bo of easy appllcatio: and as not requiring expensive machinery I attach it to the ordinary quartz-crashing an amalgamating machinery of the mills. The following reporta are furnished by ti auctioneers : Messrs. Fraser and Co. offorcd a largo quantity tobacco at W. M. Boll and Co.'s Bond this day, b only sold ono lot of half-pounds. Tlioro was a lur a' tondanco, but buyers would not bid up to importo: limits. Messrs. Greig and Murray sold, at tlio stores H. MONW oil and Co., Swanston- stroct, the stock general groceries, which realized extremo prices. Tho Sydney Morning Herald, of the 9 th, r ports that the escort* for the week ending c the previous day had brought down 10,088o of gold, and that 10,9i7oz. had been sont in the Mint for coinage. Of the stock and oth markets the following roport is given : " Tho shara markot continues In a quiosco: sUito. Buyers aro vory cautious in thoir oporatlon ar.d as holdors aro unw ming to submit to reduc rates, only a limited amount of business has bo transacted. Tho approaching half-yearly mootin¡ however, will doubtless causo some movomont prices, and induce capitalists to invest moro frcel Bank shares ara finn, but prices rulo about tho sai as last week. In Btcam shares tbo only fluctuation in Clarence and Richmond Rl\ or Steam Navigati shares, which havo declined 10s. par sharo, and at ti reduction tlioro aro sellers. Insurance sliarei aro aga in iu\our, and as tlioio ha\o been no losses of a moment lately, prices aro generally Inolinod to ri higher. Coat shares aro dull of sale.Tlio folio» ing aro t rates at Milich sales have boen made during t w eek ¡-Commercial Bank, £53 10s. por sharo ; Bai of Kow Soutli Wales, £42 10s., £42 16s , and £43 ]: sharo ; City Bank, £10 16s. and £10 17s. Od. i Bbaro ; Sydney Insurance Company, £3 12s. (k1. \ shara; United Fire and Marino Jnsuranco Compir 27s. mid 27s. Od. per shara ; Peak Downs Copi Illino, 33s. and 40s. par sharo ; Waratah Coal Compar £4 per sharo. "Thcro havo beon no salos of Government Dobc turcs this week. Since tho departure of tho Eugll mail, Treasury billa to tlio amount of £11,000 ha beon issued by tho Trcasuror, thus making tho to amount issued under tho now arrangemont-viz., application -£30,000. Colonial Sugar Compan, debentures lia^ o changed hands at par and lutorcst. "Business has been brisk durlug the pastwoi Tho fine Heather has doubtless had something to In influencing speculators, mid has enabled orders 1 tlio country to bo executed, with every probabili of thoir reaching thoir destination in reasonable tin which during tho wot weather was almost prob inntlcal. Tlioro lia\o hoon somo largo transactio this week, both at auction and privately, in to: sugars, and rice, all of which havo improvod prlco. " Flour.-Tlio markot is vory finn. Onthoroeol of tho neus from California on Tuesday, per Amatoi of tho adianco that had taken placo in prices, hold« Immediately woro unwilling to soil, oxcopt in sin lots, at £28 portón. Sinco thon salos havo boon nu at £2810s, and £20 por ton for cash, and largo pare coidd bo placed at £28 per t m cash, The prose quotation for fino flour is £23 to £20 per ton. Win Is also firm, and worth 12s. to 12s. Od. por bush Tho wholo of tho wheat por Amateur, was sold, arrival to Mr. Barkor. " Liquids.-Alo and porter in bulk aro dull of sa and prices unaltorod. Brandy ia firmer -Martoll's still quoted at Os. Od., but prices aro lncllnod to n highor. Medium brandlos havo boon lnquirod f Hum is stoady at 3s. 4d. to 8s. (k1. Qonova is wl out any alteration ; first brands range from 10s. I to Us. In wines thcro havo boon no salos of a importance. " TcaB aro vory finn. " Supars havo fluctuated In prlco, but closed ratl iii mor than last week. On Tuesday, at auction, lal parcels wero disposed of at from £30 to £52 por t for different qualltlo'-rations up to No. 1 Cossipo On the next day, about 1,600 bags of Mauritius sug »ero placed at from £20 to £37 16s. portón, being advnnco on tho prices roalizcd a short timo prcvlou for tho samo description of sugars. "II leo Is more Inquired for. The cargo of tho Desperandum has for a socond timo changed han and tills has induced holders to ad vaneo pricos. Pat Is quoted at £22 to £23 per ton. About SO tons Java, ex Johann and Heinrich, wero sold at auct at £27 per ton, and tho balance was withdrawn higher rates. " Coffee Is steady. Java brought lOd, to 10 per lb. " Salt Is dull of salo. Liverpool Is quoted at £3 1 io £3 IDs. ; fino, £110s. to £S " Oilmen's stores aro without any material alt« Mon. Stocks of most articles under this lioadlng ample. " Tobacco.-Tlio ordinary channols of our o imports boinp; intercepted by tho continual influx of tho sweopings of tbo Melbourno inarkot, wo havo but llttlo to report of dlroct Sydnoy business. Auc- tioneers havo their work to got rid of inferior stocks, whllo consumors aro scarcely allowed to look at a bettor article, tho ono groat desideratum amongit dealors seeming to bo an article of tho lowost quality and figuro. Timo, howovir, will no doubt rectify this absurdity, and upon which holders of good tobacco havo no doubt modo tholr calculations. Wo cannot report or give any doflnlto market ratos-rubbish, hot worth the duty, may bo bought at any figuro, and consumable qualities at prcsont are unsaleable. " Cigars.-No wholesalo trade doing, any amount of colonial and other cheap sorts being tested as substi- tutes. Wo hear of a parcel of Manillas coming on, for which 00s. per thousand is required in bond." The Riverine Hirald of Wednesday says : " The following stock havo crossed tho Murray at Moama and Echuca, for the Victorian market <, nineo our last Issno :-Monday-131 bead of fat cattle, Cald- well, Thule. Tuesday-660 head of fat cattle, Morris, Lachlan; 123 do. do., O'shanassy, Moira; 240 do. do., Gwynne, Edwards ; 360 do. do., Keighran, Mur- rumbidgee. 2,000 fat wethers, belonging to Mr. Lan dale, will cross to-day." The Auckland Southern Cross of the 2nd instBnt gives the following repart of the live stock market for the week ending July 1 .* "Tho horso salo on Saturday last was thinly at- tended, prices offored nominal, and but little buslnoss transacted. Now Zealand maize brought 4s. to 6s. tho bushol ; oats and bran, 2s. The supply of fat cattlo on Thursday was loss than usual In numbor, and not of pilme quality. Prices obtalnod wero higher jd. por lb. on inferior quality, and l}d. on host quality. Dalry cows wero plentiful, and brought from £13 to £20 6«. But few «toro cattle, and tboso at low rates. A full markot of sheep of good quality, and tho prlcos woll sustainod. Store hoggots brought from 10s. Od. to 20s. each; fat holf- brcl vvcthors, from 80s. to 46s. each ; morinoos, 24s. to 80s. Pigs were In short supply, and brought fully 7d. per lb." From Cosens's Circular, dated London, 19th May, we observed that from tho lath April to tho lath May, the following quantities of wine were shipped to Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand, from British ports:-Red wine, 22,886 gallons ; white wine, 32,729 gallons ¡ brandy, 49,346 gallons; rum, 92,925 gallouB; geneva, 13,616 gallons; and British spirits, 69,396 gallons. Messrs. Goad, Eigg, and Oo. report that on May 20 only ninety-six casks of Australian tallow were offotod for sale, and that all had found buyers at previous week's prices for both brutton and beef tallow. The prices wero as follow: "Cosks Mutton,-Fair colour, Arm, but rather old -Lot 1, 5 casks. 41s. Fair and middling colour, rathor greasy-Lot 2, 0 casks, 4 lu. ; lot 3, 0 do., 41s. ; lot 4, 8 do.,40s. Od, : tot 5, 8 do., 40a. Oil. Rathor dark colour, (green tingo)-Lot 6, 2 casks, 40s. Od. Rathor dark colour, (brown tinge)-Lot 7, *i casks, 80s. Od. Casks Btíof.-Middling colour, rathor greasy-Lot 8, 0 casks, 883. Dil. ; lot 0, 6 casks, 39s. 3d, Casks rulxod melting, middling colour, firm-Lot 10, 0 casks, 40s. 3d. ; lot 11, 8 do., 40s.; lot 12, 8klo., 40s. Casks mixed molting, 1 fair, 2 middling colour, firm-Lot 13, 0 casks, 40s. Od. Boof, rather dark colour, rathor greasy -Lot 14, 3 casks, 38s. Beef, rathor dark colour, vory greasy-Lot 16, 0 cask«, 30s. Od. Beof, dark colour, vory greasy-Lot 10, 0 casks, 38s. Od. Beef, vory dark colour (dragged), vory greasy-Lot 17, 8 casks, 35s. Od. Russian Y. O. tallow on the spot, 40s. to 40s. 3d.; for delivery in June, 40s. 3d. to 40s. Od. ; and for dollvory tho last throo months of this j cor, 43s. 3d. to 43s. Cd. por cwt. Town tallow rema'ns at 30s. per cwt. not cash," Of the Liverpool Moy wool sales Messrs. W. Greatne and Co. report as follows : " Our second series of public silos for the present year commenced on 3rd May and tornilnatod' tills evening (May l8). Wo havo had an unusually largo attendance of the homo trado throughout, with a fair averago of foreign buyers, with tho oxcoptlon of American, tho new tariff being likoly to act as a completo restriction to the export of wools to that quarter. Tho quantities and descriptions offored in the sovoral brokera' catalogu'S comprised the following -wools, viz. :-East India and Persian, 10,663 bales ; Poruvlan, Lima, and Chili, 5,083 hiles ; Eussian, Georgian, &c;, 4,342 baloi ; Turkoy and Smyrna, 2,380 balos ¡Uiver Plato, 2,405 bales ; Moga doro, Sfax, and other African, 066 balos ; Spanish frontier and Portugal, 1,002 bales ; Egyptian and Syrian, 46D bales ; sundry foreign, 2,153 bales ; English and French skin and fleoco, 1,163 bales ; Scotch, 206 bales ; total, 31,120 bales. East India commanded moro than usual attention, and the result cannot fail to bo highly satisfactory to Im- porters ; at the samo timo we cannot avoid rotnnrkln« that It would bo very dangerous to baso future opera- tions upon tho extravagant rates realized for some ol tbeso descriptions, reaching in soino casos to the hitherto unprecedented prico of 2s. 2JJ. per lb., a lírico quito unwarranted by tho intrinsic valuo ot the wool, and tho result of nn unoxpectod and extraordi- nary competition. Nativo wools ruled also about jd. to Jd. per lb. higher. Of Peislans thora was only » small and poor selection, scarcely 300 balos in all, and tho advance realized upon theso was Jd. to Id. por lb. on whites and yellows, and Jd. to Jd. on coloured. Busslnn was in good request. Tho ¡¡élection was no1 flrst rato, but fair to ordinary whito Donskol flooci Bold pretty freely at 12*|d. to 18}d. ; groy, lOd. te 10Jd. ; other soits lu proportion. Buonos Ayres anil Entro Bios commanded but llttlo attention, and won chiefly withdrawn ; tho few salos mado show little 01 no chango In prices, English.-The competition foi tbo better sorts was vory animated, at about latí I rates ; and tho greater portion ol what was offorot found buyers at vory satisfactory prices." Haríhill's report on the state of the tobacco trade, dated New York, 2nd May, gives the total exports of tobacco for the month of April at 620,2871b. and 1,803 packages. Dur- ing the previous months the export amounted to 9áá,355lb. and 6,609 packages. In 1803, the exports wore 3,903,6141b. and 21,965 packages. Tho following prices ara quoted : "Fives and sovcns, best, 02¡c. to 05c. ; do. do., medium, 67Jc to 60c. ; do. do., common, nono ; tens and twelves, best (scarce), OSc. to 07jo. ; do. do., medium, 00c. to (22c ; do. do., common, 66c. to E7Je. ; half-pounds, best (scarco), 05c. to 07Jc. ; do. do., medium, 00c. to 62}c. ; do. do,, common, 65c. to 67Jc, ; thirty-twos, 72c. to 76c. ; negrohcad twist, western, nono; do. do-, city mado, nona; light pressed, Virginia, nono ; do. do., Western, best, none ; do. do., do., medium, 75c. to 00c. ; pounds, Western, oxtra Ino, bright (scarco), 00c. to l.lOdol. do., do., fine, 80c. to 86c ; do., do., medium, 70c. to 75c. ; do., do., comicon, 65a. to 05c. ; do., Virginia, cx.-lltio, bright (nominal), 05o. to l.OOdol. ; do., do., fine (nominal), 80c. to OOc. ; do., do., medium (nominal), 70c. to 75o. ; navy pounds, bost, «6c. to 08c ; do., medium, 00c. to O.'Jc. ; do., com- mon, 56c. to 67Jc. ; navy half-pounds, best, 05c. to 08c. ; do , common, 65c. to OOc.'1 The following observations aro mads oa the state of the trade : " Tho diameter of tho business during tho month lins been much the samo os tho preceding ono, only fully moro irregular and unsottlod-oveiy chango being consequent upon tho various phases the Tax question assumed in Congress. In the aggregate, tho sales have been largo, and for tho mott part on spo culallvo account. Up to tho closo of the first wook of tho month, tbo market was dull, with a downward tendency in black work, which was succeeded (botvveon the 0th and 12th), by sales of upwards of 5,000 pack- ages on speculation, A few days subsequently tho Committee of Ways and Means reported a tax of 26c. (being only im addition of 10c), which bolng un- expectedly small, tho markot boeamo cxtromoly dull and very unsottlcd. The unprecedented riso In gold to 188 on tho 14th gavo increased firmness to tbo markot, only, hovvovor, to bo rendered more unsottlod by the panic in tho stock and monoy markot on tho 18th,-causing business to continuo so until the 2Hil, whon it Tjccanio stoadlor, on tbo passage of the 3)c. tax in tho Houso.-which, who i finally passod, In- creased to 35c cents nor lb., had the offoet of rally- ing the markot considerably, and tobaccoos wore hold with greater Urn ness up to tho cloie of tho month, with moro business doing, ovory olio fooling assured that the tax, if altered at all in tho Sonate, it will be Increased. Tho bill ¡s now before tbo Sonate, and Is expected daily to become a law,-which, when passed, will bo welcomed by all interested,-as operations will then be conducted freo from tho uncertainty which has attended tho vory dilatory and vacillating courso pursued by Congress for the last fow months. " The stock on hand Is largo in tho aggregate, con- sisting chiofly of low and medium grodosot small work and navy pounds-as hcreaftor noticed. " With regard to now stock tobu*coc3, of which there aro considerable lots offorlng lu almost ovory stylo-thore Is llttlo or no disposition on tho pirt ol buyors to touch thom at prosont-many of tbo lots being put up very indilTcreii tly, and those that arc not, being- held above the views of buyers. " Tens.-Tho salos havo consisted principally of low and medium grades, together with what few loti ol Uno quality wero offored. Tho stock of tho flnoi qualities-mado of old stock-Is vory small, thoro no1 boing a single lot of such of western manufacture holt! In first hands, whllo of low and medium grades the stock is largo, although chiefly held hy speculators. " Half Pounds.-Tho demand for the best quality has boon grood daring tho month, particularly for Uni old stock Western work, which has met with raid* sales for o »port. Tho stock on hand of good hall pounds Is very light, wharoas of low and modluu qualities it is ampio for present wants. " Wostorn Pounds.-The only lots in markot o! extra Uno bright work havo boon sold readily-as hlgl as Idol. 6c. and Idol, 10c per pound -whllo any de mnnd for bright pounds (summor work) could not b met at presont in any quantity. " Virginia Pounds.-A salo of about 200 boxes, dil feront brands, at 85c has boon tho principal trans action for tho month-being a concession from whs they wero held at last month. They woro takon fo export. "Navy Pounds.-The sales for tho month hav boen in tho aggrcgato considerablo, consisting almos exclusively of tho best brands. Ono lot of 870 boxe.1 of ono brand, realised 06c., and ona smaller lot of favorito brand brought 63c Tho market close with Increased firmness for all fino grados likely t keep through the summer months. Low and nicdlui qualities havo boen and are difficult to move. " Negrohoad Twist.-Thero has boon consiilorabl hiqi Iry for fino Western brand», wli'ch could bo place easily at last month's quotations ; but at prosont thoi Is nono offered, oithor In markot or to arrlvo. "Although it Is well known that all tobacco mam pictured after the new tax goes into operation and ii tended for export will be sold in bond, thero is sort reason for believing that tobacco mado provlously, an on which the tax has boen paid, will not bo subjoct I drawback if exported. Hut for this uncerulut, business at tho closo of tho month would have boc considerably better than it was ; but undor the c1 oumstancos, neither buyer nor Boiler could opera with 8nfoty In tax-paid tobaceoos for export. If such a courso is adopted, It will bo very generally co demned, and bo particularly hard upon holders te bacco sultablo only for export, ana on which ti tax lias boen paid. Tho proposal of such a policy too outrageous to bo boliovod by many as at all likely to be carried luto operation. If, howovor, It should pass, tho effect will bo that after tho passa;o of tho new Tax Bill, all tebaccoos wanted for export will have to bo manufactured anti soldin bond. " Tho now Tax Bill Is said to oonta'.n some now features in connexion with tlio export of tobiuooos, which will bo hnllod with satisfaction-and by nono moro so than tlio Western manufacturers, who will In" futuro havo equal facilities with tho30 In New York, for soiling .for exportation, in bond. In tills con- nexion, it would bo woll for ovory manufucturor to make himself thoroughly acquainted with tlio various provisions of tlio now Tax Bill after it lias finally passod the Sonato and become law." The New York BtraU of the 10th May has the following observations on the state of the finances of the Federal slates : " It is estimated that tho now Tax Bill willoh re- cently passed the United States Houso of Representa- tives, and Is now hoforo tho Sonato for concurronoo, will produoo to tho Qovornmont an annual rovonuo amounting to threo hundred and fifty millions of dollars, but wo aro Inclined to the hollof that during the fiscal year commencing on the 1st day of July noxt not more than two hundred and fifty millions can with any safety bo relied upon from that source, Tho grounds upon which wo baso this assumption aro, that it will roquiro at least twolvo months to put tho complicated machinory necessary lo enforco tho multifarious provisions of the law into working ordor, and for tho collectors to bccomo convorsant with ita ramifications. If this theory should prove correct, tho total revanuo of tho country during that year, after adding one hundred millions as tho re- ceipts from Customs, which is a vory liborol estimate, would not ho moro than threo hundred and fifty mil- lions. On tlio 80th of Juno, 1804, the liabilities of the Government will be at least l,8O2,OOO,OO0dols" or 175,O0O,O00dols. moro than the Seorotary of tho Trea- sury estimated thoy would bo In his last annual ro ' port to Congress. If tho war continues through that year, to carry it on, pay tlio civil expanses of the Government, and dischargo the intorost on its in- debtedness, will roquiro tlio oxpondituro of a th 'U sand millions of dollars moro, of which six hundred and fifty millions must ho produced by no v loans and the issue of noir Treasury notes. If wo add this last sum to tho debt which will have accumulated by tho 1st of July next, wo shall find that fio total liabilities of tho country on tho SOth of Juno, 1:05, will ho 2,S12,O00,000dols., tho intcrost on which, after taking from it the amount of Treasury notos which havo boon issued, will bo upwards of ono hundred millions of dollars annually-a sum much larger than Is required to meet tho ordinary civil expenses of the Govern- ment. By that timo, we are of opinion, if the robol llon be net yet crushed, it will bo found necessary to again takoup tho TaxBlll, and to oxtend its provisions, or incrcaso the ratos, in order that fivo to sovon hundred millions annually «111 flow from It into tho national treasury, it will not do to follow tlio financial policy of tho rebol Government to tho oxtont of wiping out our ontiro non-lntorcst bearing debt, which now amounts to about fivo hundred millions, and to niako a fresh IBSUO of treasury notos. The peoplo would prefer an enlarged system of taxation, willoh would reach all classes, to any movement of that kind. But tho proscnt Congress, beforo it closos its oxistonce on tho 4th of March next, will lind, if ourtroublos con- tinuo, that tho Tax Bill, as It Is now presented, will not produce suiflciontrovonuoto carry us along. Tho nation will not bo abloto bear a much lieavior burdon of dobt than is likely to bo upon It boforo the end of ilio noxt fiscal year. Wo aro rapidly approaching tho limit to our credit, and, for the honour and safety of tlio country, It would bo well not to got too near tho ond, because a sudden break-and, like tho straw to the , camel's back, it will toko hut llttlo to do It-would play sad havoc among tho olrinonts that produce the wealth of tlio country, and prostrate the nation so low in tho estimation of foreign Governments that many years would elapse boforo wo would bo enabled to rosunio our proud and commanding position. The captious opposition to tho now Tax Bill which has been displayed by somo of tho copperhead members of Congress has led us to tako this prospective vlow of our financial affairs ; and, as wo havo ever advocated tho polk) of placing at least naif of the expenses of the war on tho gonoration that inaugurated ft, wo will hail tho final passago of tho Tax Bill as an earnest or the intentions of tho proscnt Congress to make pro- per provision for tbo future It will bo, howtvor, but a drop In the bucket compared with the rapidly Increasing magnltudo of our public dobt. Dut llttlo as it Is, it will serve to strengthen tho national credit and tond for a time to check tho waning confidenco of tho people, Secretary Chase has recently eipressod his determination to adhere to tho policy of diminish- ing the amount of United Statos notes in circulation, and withdrawing tho interest- boarlng legal tondors. Ha says tho subscriptions to tho two hundred million loan como In fast enough to msot the requirements of the Government, and that he will depend henceforth entirely upon tho patriotism of tho people to carry on the war. Ovor fifty millions of the ten-forty loan havo already boon taken, and It is expected tint tho whole amount will bo absorbod by tlio middlo of August, altor which it will, no doubt, cominan 1 a premium." We are favoured with the Ceylon Commircial Circular (Colombo) of tho 17th Juno, from which we take the following : " TJnsottlod but soasonablo weather has Interfered with curing- and shipping operations. To date, tho oxports of tho season's crops aro as follow : r.'anlation Coffee, To Great Britain .. To foreign poits .. To Australia and India .. 1803. Cwt. 414,115 0,300 12,789 Total Nativo Coffee. To Groat Britain .. To foreign ports .. .. To Australia and India ., Total.I 110,902 | 103,73 0 Tho transactions of tho fortnight in plantation pirch mont have been few and unimportant, thora being very little Indeed on offor. Ono or two small lots, chiefly of the Happootello crop, havo found a ready sale at our quotations. Accounts from tho planting districts continue favourahlo for growing crops, though from nomo districts reports reach us that the young fruit is falling from the trees, and tbo supply of labour promises to be abundant. Tho now crop of native coffee has not yet found its way to our market in any quantity, and quotations aro almost nominal. Owing to tho moro favourable report from tho home market received by last mail, makers of cocoanut oil have raised tholr pretonsions, and now demand 28s., and oven 30s., per cwt. for host mill oil, but wo do not hear of any transactions boyond 24s. Od. Tho raw material continues in vory moderato supply. " Freights.-We havo no chantre in tho rates to London to notlco, thoujh tho supply of tonnage is moro than sufficient for present requirements." Australian sovereigns were at par. Freights to London were as follows:-Coffee in ctsks, £4 to £4 63. ; do. in bags, £1 ; oil, £3 15j. ; cinnamon, £3 10s. ; plumbago, £2 10a, ; and broken stowage, 15a. The rica market had becomo very baie of supplies, and prices bad advanced fully a shilling a bag, with a steady demand for up-country bazaars. Bal- lam was quoted at lia. Gd. to 153, GJ, and Ganjara at 13s. to 13s. Gd. The Greyhound sailed on the 2nd June for Sydney, TUB. Oom MARKET AND DANK STOCKS IN NBW YORK.-Tho gold markot this morning was not in- fluenced by tho roports from tho battleground in Virginia, tho speculators not fooling disposed to place any rellanco in tho various statements. Gold oponed at 170, and wont up to 171}. In the afternoon, how- ever, when tho rumours began to bo backed up by official despatches, the premium gradually droppod until it touched OSj. Tho Gold Exchango was ui a high stato of excitomont all day. The following table shows tho totals of tho bank statement at tho com- mencement of tho present yoar with thoso of tho seven p_it weeks : January 21.. March 20 .. April 2 ,. April 0 . April 10 .. April 23 .. April SO .. May 7 .. Loans. Specie. laüon. Deposita. Dol. 174714405 100372430 203093131 204333102 10S7O3tllH) 100280723 101157405 102881240 Dol. 25101035 2042WO4 10527006 20021287 21037070 24803203 21037343 23082023 Clrcu Dol. 0103331 6SU135 6705003 5804611 6770050 60-0017 5020078 6501832 Dol. 140250850 1*13315901 171151207 170*>13O2O 103350700 101078100 114578010 103502107 Compared with tho statomont of the previous woek, tho following differences appear : Del. 1,270,2«) 1,105,316 32,110 3,033,278 Dccrtaso in loans ,. , .. Decrease In specio Dccrcaso in circulation ., Incroaso In deposits -Now York Herald, May 10. ItENtDunos; IN NKW YORK.-The principle upon which the Legislature justify tho payment of the Interest In a depreciated curroncy may bo pleaded in justification of a total refusal to pay intorest. Tho entire amount of Intorest Just due Is o ily about £80,000, of which tho portion to foreign creditors Is only £5,000. Tho promlum on gold for tho whole amount, It Is added, " would bo something over £00,000 : and It is for this paltry sum that tho fame and credit of the stato aro to be prejudiced." Go- vernor Seymour, in a protest against the conduct of tho Lcgislature.has remarked-"In wealthand numbers, In the ability to pay, Kow York stands far abovo ovory othor Stato In the Union. Othor States, inferior in means, do not find the obligations of tbo hour too great for mi honest performance. If Now York falters now, it can claim no indulgent opinion from tho world the Stato brands;itsolf with dishonesty."-Now York Commercial Advertiser. TUB CIIAUTBKED MEncAKTitB BANK.-Tho sh\re holders in the Chartered Mercantile Bink of India, London, and China hold their meeting cn ino17th inst. Tho not profits for tho year wero stated at £100,502 ; and tho whole distribution and bonus was stated at 16 per cont. on tho paid-up capital of the company. The directors' report was adopted.-Eco- nomist, May 21. DANISH AND PRUSSIAN PRIZES.-Tho Custom- house, in pursuance of a Treasury order, have Issuod instructions to tbo collectors at the various outports of tho kingdom not to admit any prises captured either by Danish or German vessels, and also not to. allow a vessel of one of the bolligcrouts to bo fol- lowed until tho expiration of at least twonty-four hours. No roforenco is mado to privateers, because, by tho declaration respecting marítimo law, signed at Paris on the 10th of April, 1350, Austria and Prussia agreed that privateering is and remains abolished, and Denmark adhered to tho same declaration on tbo 25th Juno, 1850.-Economist, May 21. KEW SIKASI COMTANY. - A prospectus has been issuod of the Liverpool, Holbourne, and Oriental Navigation Company, with a capital of £2,000,000, throe-fourths to bo first subscribed. In Bhares of £50. The object is to extend tho facilltios for omlgratlon to Australia, and tho company will luve at tholr disposal the existing contract with tho Government of the colony of Victoria. Tho board of direction comprises representativos of the firms ofGibbs, Bright, and Co., Junes Baines and Co., and otbora largely Interested in tlio shipping trade of Liverpool. This undertaking is to roplaco ¿ho Australian and Eastern Company, tho formation of which was rooantly do fcatcd.-Homo Nows, May 20. Tua UNION BANK.-Tho Union Bank of london havo resolved to increase their nominal capital from' £3,000,000 to £4,000,000, by nn issuo of 20,000 now shares of £60 each, ratcably to the present proprietors at £16 premium. Tlio amount paid upon the existing £E0 shares of the bank is £13, .and it is contem- plated at an early day to lucreaso this sum to £15 hy an appropriation of profits. Tlio fourth and final cal! or £10 is to bo paid on tlio 10,000 now sharos of tho Union Bank of Australia by tho loth of Juno. Homo Nows, May 20. LONDON CHARTERED BASK.-A general meeting of the shareholders ot tho London Chartered Bank of Australia la convoncd for tho 10th of Juno.-Qoaio Nows. AMERIOAK FIWANCB.-Tho American Congress soems to loam finance vory slowly Indeed. Lato in April it passed an act increasing all Import duties upon luxuries thlrty-threo per cent, for two months only, a nicaBuro which probably will not ylold a sixpence. Tlioro Is always two months' supply in hand, and Im- porters, Instead of bringing in goods, yrlll simply empty thoir warehouses at onormous pi ¡ces. Another moasuro Is moro sonsiblo; thoy havo Im- posed a tax of n shilling In tho pound on all incomes ovor £120 a yow, 18d. on thoso over £2,000 a year, and 2s. uoon all over £1,000. Tbat is the impôt progressif of tho Convention ; but tho samo principio is api lied In England, and can bo worked safoly in moderation. It will bo seen that moderate men répudiât) tho propostorous increase of Import dutl. s ; but then what aro wo to »ay of insti- tutions which send to the top mon camble of such financial folly ? Who would have dreamt of a slurp wltted trading community putting on a proteetlvo duty to last only for two months?-Spectator, May 14. AMERICAN COTTON AN» FEDERAL RppunrATiON, Amongst tho contingencies which, though perhaps remote, cannot bo dismissed from tho calculations of prudont mon of business, is tho possibility of an arrangomont botwtcn tho contending partios in Amoru», and, consequently, the roleaso of tho stores of pent-up cotton in tho South. Thoso ovonts, though thoy would doubtless redound to the bonofit of tho community at largo, by stimulating Industry and cheapening to tho consumer commodities now only ntlalnablo at exorbitant prices, would probably, if brought about suddenly, and without a pro- longed period of warning, BO comnlotoly o;or throw tho basis of the cotton trade in all parts of tho world as to entail mercan tilo embarrassments of a most Borious nature According to tlio viows of somo, theso events, wlienovcr thoy occur, will arlso through the financial pressure willoh is now growing up I» the North, and amongst tho indications of which aro tho riso in the prico of gold to 70 por cont. pre- mium, and in tbo Now York oxchango on London to 107. Even movements of this character, how ovor, produce a toss gravo impression upon tho minds of tho financial public iii Europo than is occasioned by tho unjustifiable act of tho Hew York Legislature In decreoing, in direct violation of tho previously existing understanding-not to say of specific pledges-that the interest on the State Bonds held abroad shall bo paid In the depreciated currency Instead of in gold. America may sustain many severe blows, but It is questionable whether the civil war will bo attended with any injury to hor credit and material welfare equal to that which will bo Inflicted should this act bo endorsed and imitated by other Legislatures, including Congress. European holders of Federal and Stato securities are looking with great anxiety for Indications that this now finan- cial policy is condemned, as it deserves to he, by public opinion and by tho Supremo Government. Tho Times. TUFGERMANS IN TiirCiiiNKSB SBAB -Tho PrU8j!all prizes taken by tho Gazelle have loft with tho oxoop tion of tho schooner Faulk It is rumoured that 801110 of the prizes mado by tho Prussian frigate aro illegal and aro to bo dollvered up hating boon mado within tbo limits of the port Tho Taku pilots mid others have been summoned as witnesses to proio this The Prussian frigate is said to ha\ o show n no respect for flag, stopping British, Danish, or any other vessels -Shanghai Recorder, May 21 TnE Singapore Freo Press of tho 2nd Juno re marks -"An expedition has boen fitted out at Ado Iaido for tho puntoso of forming a settlement on the northern coast ol Australia V o shall watch the progress of this undertaking with much intorest, as its successful issuo will servo to bring tho Indian Archipelago into much closer connexion with Aus tralla It will also gil o a great uicentho to the ma turlng of the plan for loylnjr a submarine tolograph cal lo bet« eon India and Australia ' TUB INTERCOLONIAL STEAM CosirANr -The Panama Kew 7caland, and Australian Roj al Mall Company (Limited) ha-vo published their report preparatory to the meeting on tho 30th Inst Ihn receipts for Qo vornimmt subsidies, freight, and passago money, «oro £118,702, npralnst £07,213 the provlous year , whllo tho expenditure on working account was £S 1,000, against £18,020 in 1802 Aftor appropriating £13,000 to repair, renewal, &c;, account, tlio difforonco Ia favour of the company Is £20,201, which, added to tho bataneo brought forward from tho last account, makes the total amount to tho credit of proOt and loss ac count £21,105 Tho directors havo sot apart £4,7ot> for depreciation Tlio entire balance of preliminary ox penses, &.c, amounting to £l,G45, has boon written off andthe sum of £3,600 has been applied In reduction of tho balance to tho debit of insuranco account Tlio dividend for the half j ear ending 80th Juno absorbed £3,278 and tho directors recommend the declaration ofadhidend on tho old shores, for tho six months ended the 31st December, 1803, at tho rato of 7 por cent por annum, clear of income tax, which will amount to £4,600 Tho earnings the first quarter wero at the rato of £7,600 por month, wheroas tho latter part of the jcar, when the Auckland and 1'hcobo wore placed on tho station, thoy were £11,000 per month, and according to tho last advices the re ccipts had risen to moro than £12,000 per month, while tho incrcaso in tho disbursements Is small Tho company's fleet is now in a perfect state of otu ciency Tho directors report that 26 000 of tho now shares recently authorised to bo issued In» o been allotted, representing tbo sum of £250000 ïho remaining 12,600 shares aro reserved for allot mont at a future period, and it is Intended to odor a portion of them in Australia and Now Zealand Tho boldon) of the now shares w ill bo entitled to recebo dividend from tho 30th March last In the intorial that will elapso before the servlco between Sydnoy, Now Zealand, and Panama is commenced, the profits on tho existing lines «ill sufflco for the payment of o\en a higher dlvidond than that now declared on tho entire paid up capital of tho company -Tho Times INDIAN JOINT STOOK BANKS. (ïROM Til» BOMBAY OAZETTB, MAY 27.) Tho mania for speculation which now rages in Bom- bay must of courso lead to the production of many absurd schemes, devised nioroly for tho purpose of extracting money from the pockets of a too suscep- tible public, and It Is also quite clear that, in the pre- sent unregulated condition of the monoy markot which we are glad to leam it is ona of the objects of tho new Financial Association to improve-two or threo unscrupulous men, commanding? the uso of almost unlimited capital, havo it in their power at any time to raise tho price of soino particular stock far »hove its actual and relativo value. Still, no one can read the yearly reports and declarations of dividends of several of tho Indian banks without acknowledging that thoro exists a vory substantial foundation for the popular favour with which bank shares aro regarded, and that thoro are vory good reasons indeed for tho cagornets which tho public shows to invest its monoy in tho now joint-stock bank ,lng enterprises which havo already boon started In Bombay. Like all other speculations, the competi- tion to satisfy tho demand for moro banks may bo pushed to such an extreme as will bring ridiculo on all concerned In any undertaking ol the kind ; but, with such figures beforo us as we havo to publish to- day, wo cannot say that the limit of loglttmato specu- lation has yet been passed. Tho report of the Char- tered Bank of India, Australia, and China BUOWS, for liiBtanco, a profit for the year of moro than _10O,000 on a capital of .£000,000, and a dividend of ton por cent., coupled with a bonus of 10s. a share, proros what progrross this bank, which, |tvvo years ago was comparatively unknown, has mado under rccont management in the esteem and confidence of tho public Look again at the Oriental Bank, which, In tbo faco of over-Increasing competition, maintains its old character, and gives its shareholders a dividend mid bonus amounting togothor to twenty-four per cent, But tho Chartered Mercantile Bank affords the strömest installée of tho extraordinary prosperity which Indian Joint Stock Banks aro now enjoying. From the statement of affairs, dated 31st December last, we leam that tbo business of tho bank has been increased by about fifty per cent, und that tho net profil on the year is £200,831 11s. id,, or forty por cent, on tbo wholo capital. Wo bollovo we aro cor- rect In stating that this is tho largest amount of profit mado by any singlo institution which Is re- corded in the history of joint-stock banking ; ondit places tho Mercantile, with a capital of £7 -.0,000 and a reservo fund of not loss than £32o,0OO, in the tlrst rank of Indian banks. It may booddod that a vory largo proportion of tho profit bas been made in Bom- bay, whore this bank has always stood In especial fuvour, and whore its position is now socond to nono, It is impossible not to admit that oxamplc3 of this kind, showing what can be accomplished by banks started in Bombay, together with the evidence dally afforded that tho Increase cf tho business of tho old banks has forced nearly all of them to Increase their capital, seem to suggest that thero is yet planty ol room for the establishment of now banks In our city willoh shall be asauccossful as those that aro already in existence. MELBOURNE AND AUCKLAND, (FROM TUB KEW ZEALAND HERALD, JUKE 20.) Wo cortainly cannot allow the mooting of the Auck- land Chamber of Commorce of yesterday afternoon to pass by without congratulating tho mercantile, and Indeed the general public, upon tho decision arrived at. There seemed, bon over, a. haziness In tho minds of some of thoso present as to the possibility of receiving the mall in tims to answer it by tho return, there being only stxtocn clear days from tho arrival of tho mall in Melbourne, on the 10th, to Its departure, on tho 20th. Wo have beforo pointed out the course to be pursued, and tho moans to bo taken to render dlroet steam communication with liolbounio a practical benefit to this province, so that it is needloss for us now to ro-ontor upon tho subject, but as we wero the first to suggest the matter, led to do so by a porusal of tbo Government papers on the Panama question-wo oro unwilling now to lowo tho quostlon under the light cloud which has been cast about It by soino of tho least sanguino at tho mooting of yes- terday. In tho first place, as to time and distance, failure can only arise from the bungling of those who mike tho future arrangements of that service. As a sino qua non, none but swift and powerful boats; must be eligible for the service ; tho distance from Melbourne to tho SlanukaulB 1,440 miles, which at ton knots an hour would bo a passago of oxact'y six days. Now any vessel which could not or would not steam ton knots an bour Is not eligible for tho contract. Plonty of vessels could bo procured that would mako tho pas- sage regularly, cither way, in Ave, five and a half, and eli days ; tho Souehays would havo dono it, and so would the Wellington, and so will other boats, The subsidy, as is the caso with that granted, by the Wel- lington Provincial Council, shouli be mado depend- ent upon the matter of timo, and compensation should bo given for every hour within tho pro- scribed time that the vessel arrives tbe sooner in port. As to the objection marlo by some, that tho subsidy would haveto bl avery lamo one, asno amount of cargo would be consigned to Onehunga, wo think that that difficulty may soon bo overeóme. There must be two steamers on the route to work tho Uno effectively; and tbo In-conilng mall otoamor, having landed her mall and passongors at Onoltumra should proceed round to Auckland and discharge hor cargo, the other steamer taking tho out- going: mall, and returning with tho noxt In-com- ing one-and «o or». Wo do not think that any reasonable amount, say £10,000 por annum, should bo allowed to stand In tho way of tlio performance of this service, but quito ngrco. Indeed wo lately suggoitod that the Victorian Govommoht «hall próvido ono half of the subsidy. We trust that, Uko tho Superintendent of Wallington, Mr. Robert Graham, will mako tils matter of direct steam communication with Hol- bourne a maller of primary Importance in the open- ing of tho Council in September or October next. STOOIC AND SHARE LIST. TlIOn-BDAY, JULY H. GOVERNMENT SKCTjrtmKS. Latest Prices. London. .Melbourne. Victoria Debentures, 0 pereont. (January and July) .. Do. do. (April and October) South Australian do., 0 percent. New South Wales do., 6 pereont. Now Zealand do,, 0 por cent, ,. Tasmanian Oov, do., 0 pereont. Queensland Gov. G per cent, (Jan. and July) Melbourne Corporation do., 0 per cent, guar., Hay and Nov. Geelong do. do., 0 perct. do. do. OTI1EU SECURITIES. Molbourno Gas Company's Do> benture«, 7por cent. Collingwood Gas Co., 8 do. .. St. Kilda and Brighton Ballway do., 7 percent... ,. flobson's Bay Ballway .. Do. 7 por cent. .. Molbourno Hallway, 7 per cent. Do., 8 par cent. Ballarat Water, 8 ner cent. IOS 108-109 109-111 00J-10P1 109-111 £ 100-108Í lOli 100-101 Australasia.. Union Now South Waloa.. Victoria .. London Chortored . Oriental Eng, Scot, and Aus. Colonial Nat. of Australasia. Agra äs United Sor vlco Bank,Limited. London. iMolbourni £ 78-76 65-6T 5&-67 4S 20-27 01-08 201-21} 42-43 80-40 417 0-1180 PUBLIC COMPANIES. li 26s. H 260 60 26s. 20B. 20s.: 60 K>8. INSÜRANCB. Victoria Insuranco Victoria Lifo and General Insur- ance Co, and Savings Institute Colonial Insurance .. Australasian Fire Marino Australasian Lifo .. Australian Alliance ,, CMS. Melbourne Gas .. .. Melbourne Gas ., .. Geelong das ,, ,. Ballarat Gas ., Bendigo Gas Castlemaine Gas ,, ,, Collingwood Gas,, . RAILWAYS. Melbourne and Hobsen'a Bay.. St. Kilda and Brighton.. Do., Proferenco .. ., Melbourne and Essomlon DIVIDEND MINUS. Achilles, Taradale Ajax, Quartz Avoca . Band of Hopo .. .. Beoblvo, Quartz Bonshaw. Broadway. Buninyong Cathorlno Roof (Mining) Catherine Roof United.. Clunes (Quartz) ., Eaglehawk Association, Tarren- gower . Eoglchawk Union (Quartz) 100 Enterprlze (Quartz) Haldon 300 Hercules, Bendigo 24Js Hustler's Beef, Bendigo 2J Johnson's Reef, Bendigo 1 Linscott's Reef, (Quartz) 24s, Nelson Reef 21s St. Mungo (Quartz) .. 21s. Tyson's Reef, Bondigo .. 260 Victoria, Clunes (Quartz) PROGRESSIV!! MWSB. 60 Broadway Company,Dunolly.. 21 Js Comet . 20s. Grand Junction .. ., 16s. Bo. M'lvor, Caledonia (Quartz) Now Chum (Quarts) .. Now North Clunes .. North GrenvUlo ., __ Oriental Alining .. 17js Sandy Creek, Povorty Reef (Quartz). Scarsdale Extended ., Star Roof (Quartz) St. Arnaud United (Quartz) Victoria Beef (Quartz) .. MISCKLIAKBOUB. Bendigo 'Waterworks ., Hobson's Bay Ballway Sea Bathing. Molbourno Exchange , Minmi Colliery ,, 271-30 32i.0d.-30s. lls.0d.-16s. 07s.-03s. Ils.-12j. Us.3d.-12s. 8 10-815 4 6-17 8 4-420 7 7-7116 3 17-Í 2-21 7 5-7 0 00-01 |10s. k 2J-31 10-11 60-52 8 10-4 05-103 70-SO 100-200 3s.-Is. 03.-10s. Od. 250 6s. 6d. 175-250 }s.-21s.6d. Js.-7s.0d. O1.-D3. 4s.-0i. 18s.-2l8. 4s.-5s. 70-SO 7s.-8s. Cs.-7s.0d. 45JB 2s.-3s. Od. 30-33 53.-03. 6U. 6 7s.-7s. Od. 7i.-12i.0a. 40S.-OOJ. 20 25J.-3)S. MAILS OUTWA.KD. It Is announced at tho Qcnoral Post-office thstmalls will be made up for tbo undormontioned placos, closing u follow: Barwon, ctr., for Sydney, Nowcistlo, Queensland, New Plymouth, Auckland, and Nelson, this day, at 2.30 p.m. Claud Hamilton, Str., for Auckland, Naplor, Picton, Nelson, and Wellington, this day, at 6.80 p.m. Ant, str., for Fort Albert, 10th July, at 11,30 a.m. "Wonga Wonga, sir., for Sydney, Newcastlo, Queens- land, Now Plymouth, Auckland, »nd Neto», 10th July, at 12 noon. Havilah, str., for Adelaide, 10th July, at 10,30 a.m. Robert Passenger, for Maul it lus, 18th July, at 3.30 p.m. Albion, str., for Dunedin, Napier, Wellington, Lyttolton, Christchurch, Port Chalmer», Campbell- town, and Invercargill, 10th July, at 1 p.m. City of Hobart, str., for Dunedin, Naplor, We' ington, Lyttolton, Christchurch, fort Chalmers, Campbelltown, Picton, and Nohon, 20th July, at 1 p.m. ' Coorong, Btr., for Adolaldo, 20th July. 1.30 p m Balclutha, str., for Adolaldo and King George's Sound, 22ml July, at, 9 a.m. Clydo, for London, 20th July, at 1 p.m. POST-OFFICE NOTICE. The Royal Mail steamship Bombay will bo de- spatched with the malls for King George's Sound, Point do Galle, India, China, tho Mediterranean ports, Europe, America, and tho United Kingdom, The time appointed for closing is : For registered letters at six p.m. on Monday, th» 25th inst. For neiispapers for tho United Kingdom, British colonies, and foreign countries, via Southampton, ard for all the Intermediate ports, at six p.m. on Monday, tho 25th hist. For ordinary letters for the Unitod Kingdom, British colonies, and foreign countrlos (via Southamp- ton and \ia Marseilles), and for all the Intermediate ports, at ten a.m. on Tuesday, the 20th hist. For ncuspapcrs via Marseilles, at ton a,m. on Tuesday, tho 2flth hist. (Signed) WILLUM TUR-NBn, Secretary. Genera! Post Office, Molbourno, July 12. Noto.-Direct mails aro mado up nt tho General Post Office, Molbourno, for tho following places : King Gcorgo's Sound (Western Australia), Point do Gallo (Ceylon), Eornbay, Calcutta, Madras, Penang, Singapore, Batavia, Wanilla, Hong Kong, Austrian Post-oillco at Alexandria (enclosing correspondence for Trieste, or marked via Trieste), Aden, Maurtius (vlfl. Auen), Capo of Good Hopo (vid Adoii and Mauri- tius), St. Vincent, Suez, Alexandria, Marseilles, ard the Travelling Post-ollico betwoon Mnrsollles and Lyons (enclosing letters and newspapers for France, and for tlio Travelling Post-ofllco via Franco). A list of tho countries to which coirespondenco may bo forwarded by tho Travelling Post-ofllco Is given in acolo 0 of Postal Guide. A supplementary mall, for letters addressed to the United Kingdom only, vi» Marseiiles, will bo made up for tho Bombay, to close atSandridgoattviolvo noon on Tuesday, tho 26th inst. ¡ and letters, stamped with tho full amount of postage, addressod as aboro, will bo received on board until tlio sailing of tho vessel. It is suggested that all lottors intonded for trans- mission by tho Royal Mall contract steamers should bo secured with gum or wafers, the uso of soallnrj- wax having been found to causo dolay in separating letters, and In homo Instances to lead to addresses on onvolo^cs being rendered lUcslblo. IGTEST DATES. London. .. Co. (by telegraph). AuiniCA .i New York ». San Francisco (by tologram via Now York) .. .. ". Mauritius .. .. ,, ., ,, Cape of Good Hopa. CHINA Bong Kong.. .> Shanghai. Singapore,,. .. ,, Batavia .,. .. ,, Calcutta .,. Bombay " .. ., ,, .. ,, Madras .. .. ,, ,. .. ., Colombo ,, ., ,, .. .. ., Bangoon ,, .. Calle . Pinong ,,. ACBTRAllAK COIONIKS Sydney ,. ,. ,< Brisbane. Rockhampton . Adelaide .. ., . Xauncoston .. .. ,. .. .. Hobart Town ., ,, .. ., Perth (W.A.) . Otago ., ., Havelock. Auckland. Taranaki. Nelson . .. .< Picton . Lyttolton. Wellington. Invercargill. I Clirlstchurch (Canterbury) .. . May 28 June * May 14 May f> May 10 May l8 May 29 May 21 June 8 May 31 Juno 8 Juno 8 Juno H Juno 17 May 21 Juno 22 May » July 9 July 0 July Í July 8 July I july J Juno 23 July * Juno 2' July ? Juno 25 Juno 30 June 2» Juno 23 Juno 2» July S June 21 