ADELAIDE : SATURDAY, MAY 14, 1864. The intelligence from New Zealand, first communicated to the public on Tuesday after noon by the ^Express, produced, as might have been expected, the deepest feeling of sorrow and concern. To find our^brave'soldiers~and sailors outwitted by a horde of semi-barbarians, caught in a trap like so many unreflecting animals, and with as , little compunction or mercy savagely slaughtered, was indeed enough to melt a heart in that awful moment ! Our telegrams very pro perly describethe troops as strickenwith 'panic;'' and panic-stricken they must have been, or they never would have committed the unsoldier-lik6 act of flying for their lives, and leaving their officers unsupported to perish, at the hands of the overwhelming enemy. The recent news of the 40th allowing the Maories to escape through their lines was severely commented upon, and ?was at first believed to detract sadly from the reputation of that gallant regiment ; but the . conduct of the 40th, even supposing they had been guilty of the conduct imputed to them, would bear no comparison with that of the 43rd in the murderous affair of Taurangi. To seek safety in flight, and leave their officers, unprotected, to be coolly murdered, is what is attributed to the men of that regiment, and a more disgraceful charge was never laid to the account of men wearing the Queen's uniform. Let us hope yet to receive some less dishonouring version of this sad. story. The telegram says' that the soldiers were panic-stricken, and no doubt the sudden and — Ij..— .— _4T. — _ ? - ? .__ _ _ a. _ 3 ? t ? - ? —P -Li ? — 1.1 ? 'l_ au/ugeuwr unexpected nature oi iue iumush. made upon them, for the moment deprived them of the power of realising their actual situation It was not that they flinched from danger such as is ordinarily met with in battle ; the real cause of their panic was less fear than astonishment. They were taken at unawares; thrown off' their guard ; and forgot for the moment what they were, and what depended upon them. But another moment ought to have recovered them. The first momentary impulse of flight under such unusual circumstances might have been excused ; but when they saw their gallant officers still fighting for life and honor, and dropping one after another, they ought, as British soldiers, to have returned to their sides and have died with them if they could not save them. The sailors, who with the men of the 43rd formed the storming party, appear to have also recoiled from the shock, but it is not stated that they fled, although this may be implied in the words ' they fell back;' but as Captain Hamilton, of the Esk, rushed into the v. h with his men, it is probable that the seamen, who are ever bravest of the brave in storming operations, held on longer than the soldiers. As regards the officers, no further proof of their undaunted gallantry is requisite than what the mournful list of casualties supplies. Such a loss of officers is out of all proportion to the total number of casualties, and proves at once how heroically those brave men held the murderous ground, and how heart lessly they were forsaken by those who were bound in duty and honor to have stood by them to the last. But again we repeat the hope that further information may enable us to moderate the strictures which, so far as present advices serve to guide us, we are in the meanwhile compelled to make. \ji course mis meiancnoiy incident oi tine war will nerve the army to yet more determined efforts to quench the rebellion, and to avenge their slaughtered comrades ; and on the other hand, it will stimulate the Moaries to renewed efforts and farther sacrifices. They know that they are fighting like men with halters round their necks ; and their policy will become more daring as their situation becomes more desperate It is clear that the British are no match for the natives in the rude arts and crafty devices of aboriginal warfare. The suc cessful result of their ambush at Taurangi will probably induce them to plot fresh contrivances to outwit their civilized foes To be outwitted by savages is the destiny of British troops. The flower of the British army in Africa fell beneath the crafty schemes of Kaffir warriors. The same fate has befallen \- our troops amongst the wildest tribes of India, and the old storv is repeated in New Zealand. That the vast resources and unconquerable spirit of the British must eventually prevail we may be certain ; but how great is the cost of subduing a few tribes of half-naked savages ! Telegrams from Taranaki speak of other operations in which all the loss has been on the side of the enemy ; but this intelligence will not dispel the gloom occasioned by the news from Auckland, nor counterbalance the fearful losses above described. No one can tell when will be the end of this great struggle. Even if the war is carried to the extreme issue of exter mination, we have had sufficient experience of Maori endurance, courage, and resources to be certain that many a British soldier will yet be laid low before even the deplorable work of ex termination can be completed. The G-azette contains a comparative statement of the Hevenue and Expenditure of the Govern ment for the three months, and also for the twelve months, ended March. 31st last. Putting together all sources of public income the revenue for the three months was £194,524, against £131,679 of the corresponding quarter of the year before ; and for the twelve months, £694,545, against £561,030; showing an increase of £62,844 on the quarter, and £133,514 on the year. The Customs show an increase of £16,124 on the ? quarter, and £54,880 on the year ; the sales of /~i_Anm lan^o an inravkaao *\P J?Ti cijii .. vivnu ??'?'??' — - — ? — — ~*. ™*-***.3&&\j on me *? quarter, and £23,436 on the year. Railways give an increase of £243 on the quarter, and £2,076 on the year; water rates an increase of £437 on the quarter, and £3,150 on the year. The other items of increase are as follows : ? Bents (Crown lands), year, £1,461 ; Marine Board, year, £1,419 ; rents (ordinary), year, £50, quarter, £22 ; postages, year, £2,145, quarter, £775; fines, fees, &e.;, year, £970, quarter, £622; sales of Government property, quarter £347 ; reimbursements-in- aid, year, £4,550, quarter, £88; Goolwa tramway, year, £102,1 quarter, £48; telegraphs, year, £954, quarter J £792; Special receipts (immigration fund), ^ year, £3,308, quarter £863. Against these i items of increase are the following items of decrease: — Assessments, year, £6,427, quarter £688; rents (Crown lands), quarter, £2,419; Marine Board, quarter, £283; licences, year, £113, quarter £240; sales of Government pro perty, year, £1,256. How the Treasurer manages out of these figures to get an increase of £62,844 on the quarter, and £133,514 on the year, we cannot imagine. We can only make the items of increase come to £31,584 for the quarter, and £110,223 for the year, and from these figures the items of decrease would still have to be deducted. Perhaps the item of £35,000 transferred from the Expenditure account of Part I. to the Eevenue side of Part IH mav contain the kev to the mvsterv. The following is the balance-sheet of the colony on the 31st of March last : — BALANCE-SHEET, SOUTH AUSTRALIA, ON 31ST MARCH, 1864. Da. To Balance of Revenue — Part I. Ordinary ? £59,999 1 3 Part II. B. Immigration Fund ... 37,391 12 0 To balance of Adelaide City and Port Railway, Loan, Interest, and Sinking Fund ? 19,875 5 3 Gawler Town Railway Loan, ditto ... 24,408 12 1 Ditto First Extension ditto ? 7,751 16 10 Ditto Second ditto ditto ? 3,870 1 7 Ditto Third ditto ditto ? 771 0 0 Port Adelaide Harbor Trust ditto ... 7,058 3 8 Ciiy Waterworks and Drainage ditto... 11,618 13 2 Loans under Act 2 of 1860 ditto ... 10,870 0 0 Waterworks Completion Loan, J Act 19 of 1861, ditto ? 1,892 0 0 Victor Harbor Works and Tramway ditto ? 744 7 3 Port Augusta Waterworks ditto ... 1,080 5 0 Port Adelaide Waterworks ditto ... 576 0 0 Deposits (various) in the colony ... 7,064 0 5 Outstanding claims (deposit account) 1,228 3 11 Loans for Public Works ? 41,178 19 8 City Waterworks ? 608 1 6 £237,886 3 7 Ck. By cash balance in hands of Treasurer ... £45,505 1 8 Agent- General ? 118,575 10 2 Land and Emigration Commissioners 1,143 1 7 Advances— To be repaid ? 31,187 0 2 Investments in South Australian Go vernment Bonds ? 13,000 0 0 Part IL A. Public Works Fund ... 1,099 11 4 Part IIL Public Works, &c; ? 25,492 5 4 Victor Harbor Works, &c; ? 1,575 8 4 Northern Territory ? 308 5 0 £237,886 3 7 Mem. — The above balances have been prepared from the accounts received up to 31st March, 1864, viz. — The Treasurer's accounts to 31st March, 1864 ; the Agent-General's account to 31st December, 1863 ; and the Land and Emigration Commissioners' account to 31st December, 1863. W. L. 0'Ham.orai*, Auditor-General. Audit Office, South Australia, 2nd May, 1864. We PTTBLISH in our impression of to-day several letters on the subject of the recent controversy which, originating with the lecture of the Chief Justice, has ramified into so many different directions that the main question has been almost lost sight of. It is curious to watch the windings and turnings of popular discussion, and to note how completely in a short time some wholly different subject usurps the place of the original question. Thus, whether the Mosaic account of the creation of the world is in harmony with scientific truth, resolves itself into the question of the Rev. Thomas Binney and Unitarianism. And because the views of modern preachers on Unitarianism can have but little, effect in either supporting or refuting the Mosaic cosmogony, we are threat ened with a climax to the whole discussion in the shape of a deluge of letters explanatory of the views of Ward Beecher, Kingsley, Milton, Maurice, and others, upon totally different sub jects ! i The letter of our correspondent ' Delta' is ? calculated to lead back the discussion to a useful starting-point, and although ' Delta' and Mr. John Brown are at present at issue, (we hope — if irrelevant questions are avoided— to find them both, eventually, united in defence of what is reasonable and true. When we are contending for ideas represented by set phrases, it is of primary importance to ascertain that the disputants have agreed upon the mean ing to be attached to those phrases, for if they have not they are only beating the air, and need never expect to convince or to be con- vinced. Mr. Brown and ' Delta' both believe in ' the inalienable right of private judgment,' but it is clear that in subscribing to the words they mean two different things; at, least they do if Mr. Brown on further consideration still adheres to the opinion that the early Reformers illustrated that right. For on this point we agree with ' Delta' that the right of private judgment was not generally upheld by the early Reformers and Dissenters. They claimed it for themselves, but they did not always concede it to others ; or if they conceded it, it was with such limitations and restrictions as amounted virtually to a denial of it. But leaving past ages to historians, we come to the days in which we live. What is thought naw of 'the inalienable right of private judgment?' No doubt most men profess to recognize that right; but when that recognition comes to be ' reduced into a practical shape, how often is it found that theory and practice are at variance ; and that those who 'believe' in the right of private judgment are amongst the first to impede its free exercise, and to complain of those who choose to use it ? When we speak of the right of private judg ment, of course it means something more than a legal, or statutory, right. In connection with religion it must mean a religious right. Do those who believe in the right of private judgment hold that such right is supported by Scripture, and that there is Scriptural authority for its exercise in matters of worship and doctrine? We think they do not, always. But the right of private judgment, to be fully and freely exercised, not only goes beyond, legislative permission, but goes beyond Scrip tural permission. It is inherent in man's con stitution. It existed in him before the Bible was written, and it exists where the Bible has not yet penetrated. It passes its opinion upon the Bible itself. It declares what is canonical and what is apocryphal : it ' interprets ' Scrip ture and judges of doctrine. The right of private judgment is, therefore, not only the glory of man's intellectual nature, but its exer cise, when engaged on spiritual topics, is the most awful and critical act of his moral respon sibility. Each, man can see this, and is ready enough to claim, it, for himself ; but there is a shrinking from the general application of the principle. As Kings have the Keeper of the Royal Con science, so man wishes to exercise a surveillance over the conscience of his brother. Hence, as ' Delta' puts it, the adoption of heretical or scep- tical views is, by many, regarded, as a fault, as involving a moral taint or defect. But that which is heresy to one is orthodoxy to another ; and vice versa, so that each must decide for himself. If the ' inalienable right of private judgment' belongs to man as man, it belongs to the Catholic and the Protestant, the Jew and the Infidel, the Pagan and the Mohammedan, and through all the minor distinctions of sect and nation. Then, again, if private judgment is not only a privilege, but an 'inalienable' privilege, it fol lows that not only is every man entitled to its possession but that he cannot even dispossess himself of it. It is an integral and essential condition of his nature ; it is a portion of him self; he cannot renounce it ; and though he may be persecuted for openly or outwardly exer cising it, he cannot be prevented holding it. He may err in judgment ; he may even form conclu sions opposed to reason, to science, to Scripture, and opposed to the views of the majority of man kind. But still, the majority of mankind, though lamenting what they deem to be the error, are not entitled to impute blame, if such opinions are honestly formed. The only limit to which the exercise of the right of private judgment is properly subjected is that limit which the laws of the State enact for the preserva tion of the peace, morals, and general good order of society. If those laws are not violated, no one has a right to impute blame to an individual for his conscientious opinions, even though those opinions be heretical. For the right of private judgment includes the right to form ' heretical opinions, or the phrase is un meaning. We do not suppose, however, that heresy will, as a fact, be promoted by the full recognition of a principle which— whatever the opinions formed of it by Catholics— has ever been regarded as the Protestantism of the Protestant Religion ; the very groundwork and basis of its existence. But we do expect, and hope, that in this colony the great and glorious faculty of Reason may be allowed full scope for the fullest and freest investigation and re searches, under the protection of the ' inalien able privilege of the Right of Private Judg ment.' About the time of the making up of the February mail Continental papers were for warded to these colonies containing, as our readers will recollect, several ominous announce ments with regard to the Royal Family of England. These announcements, made almost simultaneously by the press of Paris and of Turin, were to the effect that serious quarrels arising out of the Dano-German complications, had occurred in the Royal Family; that the Queen displayed aberrations of mind, amounting occasionally to insanity ; and that a Regency was about to be immediately appointed. The intelligence (to the best of our belief) was first received in these colonies at Sydney, whence we also derived it. The news was discredited ; but thoueh discredited, it was rather as lacking con firmation than as being per se ridiculous or incredible. Unlike the connections of some royal families, there is every reason to believe that the domestic relations of the Royal Family of Great Britain have been characterized by the most unfeigned and tender affection. . The Queen's own happy union with Prince Albert seems, from all the public have ever heard, to be repeated in the marriages of her children, and, indeed, very strong evidence exists to show how powerful is the bond of affection that binds together in one common sympathy the several branches of the Royal House. The Princess of Wales has shed tears publicly when referencehasbeenmade to the war in Denmark, and as by the marriage of her children the Queen has been brought into pre cisely the same intimate and tender relations with the Danish and German Courts, her dis tress and that of her children at the present melancholy war— to them a fratricidal war must be great indeed. JSow, although we do not believe for one moment that these unhappy events could pos sibly lead to quarrels between the Queen and lier children,— such being alike impossible on account of their common tribulation, and because the Queen has no constitutional power to take part on eitner siae contrary w «?«- advice of her responsible Ministers— it is in the highest degree probable that the DanoGer man war, though not producing division in the Queen's household, has produced much distress ; and that the consequence may have been to intensify the afflictions of Her Majesty's mind, and further to incapacitate her for her public duties. We need not point out that a degree of mental disturbance may exist quite unfitting for the discharge of important public duties, although the subject of such perturbation would still be 'sane.' The subject is, however, of so delicate a nature that even on this side the globe the Queen's loyal subjects are almost afraid to whisper their own thoughts; but, apart from hereditary tendencies, enough transpires from time to time to justify apprehensions in the minds of the loyal and affectionate subjects of their now unhappy sovereign. When the Queen assisted at the inauguration of the Prince Albert Statue in Scotland some time ago, a general expression of thankful con gratulation passed from lip to lip, and from town to town, all over the kingdom. It was believed that the protracted and patiently borne period of Her Majesty's seclusion was then about to termi nate, and that she would again fulfil in person the high duties of her august position, and gladden the hearts of her sympathizing people by appearing amongst them as before. And one or two minor circumstances tended to justify that belief. There is now, however, reason to fear tiiot if ot rtiaf time* TTai» TVTaiestv reallv contem plated resuming her former position in public life, her courage has failed her ; for it is but too clear that she has no intention of so doing. Since the marriage of the Prince and Princess of Wales the Queen has systematically delegated to them the performance of all those State ceremonies which properly devolve upon herself. Recent London telegrams indeed state that the Queen will hold her Court at Buckingham Palace; but we are not sure whether this means that she will hold it in person or by proxy. The latest newspsper advices state that arrangements had been made which were incompatible with the Queen residing in London during the then coming season ; and the Saturday Review, in an article on the general question of the Queen's seclusion, says — 'Rumors are in circulation that she will never hold her Court in her capital again.' The journal to which we have just adverted writes calmly, loyally, yet most strongly against ' the calamity of a recluse Sovereign,' and calls upon Her Majesty's advisers to tender the Queen that wise and affectionate counsel which, under existing circumstances, Her Majesty so greatly needs. The Queen has herself admitted the constant reliance she was accustomed to place in the opinion and advice of Prince Albert, and, indeed, the country never knew till after his decease to how great an extent he secretly, yet with rare wisdom and prudence, guided the mind of the Queen in State affairs. rhe ordinary counsels of Ministers — though doubtless sufficient for the guidance of Her Majesty in the performance of the routine duties] of her Executive— will fail to reach her judgment on those profound er matters pertaining to her Queenly station, yet lying beyond the mere details of routine. But it may be that Her Majesty is Buffering from the want of such advice, and the Saturday Review, in urging the Government to take into consideration the gravity of the question, is pursuing a course as much calculated to benefit the Queen as the people. If Her Majesty is really capable of discharging her royal duties it can scarcely be conducive to her mental health I or domestic happiness that she should now re commence a second period of sorrowful seclu sion, the first having already been productive of very sad results. We have before us a very curious official document. It is a literal copy of the State in dictment against Greco, Trabucco, Imperatori, and Soaglioni, accusSd of conspiring together to Mil the Emperor Louis Napoleon. To the names of the four individuals arrested is added a fifth, namely—' Joseph Mazzini, absent.' It will be remembered that the January mail from England brought the news of this conspiracy, or pre tended conspiracy, with particulars of the bombs; revolvers, poisoned daggers, 'and other instruments and implements of assassination said to have been found at the lodgings of the accused. It will also be remembered that letters were found purporting to be from Mazzini, and implicating him as the 'author and [responsible head of the murderous plot. It was said that these letters show that Mazzini not only insti gated the would-be assassins to perform their deed of blood, but that he supplied the infernal machines which were to be flung into the Impe rial carriage, and furnished the i conspirators with the funds necessary whilst preparing for the execution of their designs. It was considered as a damning evidence of his guilt that photo graphs of Mazzini, with autograph at the foot, were likewise discovered in the trunks of the regicides. Although the British 'public had little faith in the reports of the French police, the Times and some other journals denounced the imputed intention, and sternly demanded that Mazzini should in the most un qualified terms condemn the conspirators and conspiracy, if, indeed, he were innocent of the criminal purposes imputed to him. Mazzini did so in an apparently ingenuous and truthful letter to the Times, published five or six weeks ago in this paper. He admitted having been formerly acquainted with one of the prisoners, but denied all knowledge of the other three. He pointed out that the possession of his photo graphs proved nothing, as the pictures with his signature attached were purchasable almost any where in Italy and Switzerland, where they were sold in aid of the funds of the Italian Liberation Society. He utterly disclaimed all knowledge of, or participation in the alleged plot — repudiated the imputation of writing letters, or sending money, and protested that however much he was the enemy of Louis Napoleon, he never had sought, and never would seek his life by violent means, directly or in directly. The disclaimer of Mazzini satisfied the Times, and, indeed, the British public generally, and it was agreed almost by common consent that the whole affair was a fiction con cocted by the French police as a prelude to and excuse for some new attack by the Emperor on the freedom of the people. ' The ' indictment ' before us shows, how ever, that the French authorities do not intend to let the matter drop. The document is a curious composition, and nothing could more strikingly illustrate the world-wide difference between French and English criminal proceed ings. The indictment not only embodies allega tions of fact, but is iust such a skilful admixture of- statement, inference, and declamation, as a popular counsel for the prosecution might be expected to address to a Jury on the day of the trial. The letters purporting to be Mazzini's, but which the latter protests were never written or dictated by him, are declared in the indict ment to be from his pen, as ' an expert in hand writing has superabundantly proved this fact.' We have all heard of such a thing as ' proving too much,' but this is not supposed to be possible in France ; the ' expert ' has proved the handwriting — ' super-abundantly,' and there is, therefore, an end of doubt. With reference to Mazzini's indignant repudiation of all knowledge , of the plot, the indictment says — ' As to Mazzini, the protest which, according to his usual practice, he has made in the foreign press (the Times), both on the subject of the present plot and that of 1857, can be of no avail against the precise and con cordant declarations, the information, and, above all, the written proofs which the instruction has collected.' The ' indictment' thus prejudges the whole case, and forecloses the very question to be submitted to judicial investigation. It not only charges, but finds ; it not only arraigns the accused, but declares that no defence can avail ; it not only brings him to trial, but before the trial commences says that he must be found guilty. As already remarked, a strong suspicion, amounting in most men's minds to a moral cer tainty, exists in England that the whole affair is a police concoction — conspiracy, conspirators, letters, bombs, daggers, and all. To the en quiring — what good could it do to fabricate such a story ? — the reply is, that the history of Louis Napoleon shows that a coup d'etat is always preceded by a ' con spiracy ;' and the recent recommendation of a leading statesman that His Imperial Majesty should disfranchise Paris because of its anti- ministerial tendencies is referred to as showing the necessity for a plot as the historical prelude to a coup d'etat. Of course, if the conspirators are in reality only police agents it will be easy to liberate them secretly after they have been sentenced to death publicly and then had their sentences mercifully commuted into transporta- tion for life. All this could be easily managed under the perfect and artistic system of the Paris police. But we do not presume to express an opinion on the question as to the reality or fictitiousness of the plot. If we have an opinion on this point it is in favor of the plot being a real one ; nor does Mazzini denounce it as a sham. But it is to the singular method of framing indictments in Paris, and to the wonderful system of French espionage and surveillance that we invite the attention of our readers. After setting forth the names and descriptions of the five conspirators, the ' indictment ' (signed by M. Cordueur, Procureur-General) opens thus : — THE INDICTMENT. ' On December 24, 1863, four foreigners, who entered France in company by the Swiss frontier, presented to the Commissary of Police of Saint Louis the papers of which they were bearers, and which, described them under the names of Greco, Trabucco, Imperatori, and Maspoli. The functionary who examined these papers remembered the name of Trabucco as having been notified to the frontier authorities in 1862 as that of a dangerous Italian con spirator, and he lost no tune in informing the Prefect of Police by telegraph that an individual bearing that name was on his way to Paris by the Mulhouse Railway with three companions. When, on December 25, at half-past 5 in the morning, these travellers alighted at the Eastern Railway terminus in Paris, a surveillance of them was organised, and from that time forth all their steps were watched. They came out of the same railway carriage without exchanging a word, and pretended to disperse in different directions, but all four of them — Imperatori and Maspoli in one carriage, Trabucco in another, and Greco in the railway omnibus — made their way to the Hotel Ste. Marie, No. 83, Rue Rivoli. Imperatori, Maspoli, and Greco, who passed under the name of Fioretti, ' took rooms in which they placed the luggage ; Trabucco, who had nothing about him butt a hunting horn and a gamebag, left the hotel in the course of the day, saying he was going to London, but in reality he went to No. 198, Rue St. Honore', where Greco, who had stopped there formerly, introduced him and got him a room. These arrangements were only tem porary. On the 29th Greco came to the Hotel de Naples, Rue St. Honore, No. 176, where he engaged three rooms, which were occupied on the same day by himself, Maspoli, and Trabucco. The latter, on leaving No. 198, took the precau tion, just as when he left the Hotel Ste. Marie, to say he was going to London. The next day Greco brought Imperatori, who occupied a fourth room in No. 176. In these various hotels the demeanor of these foreigners seemed singular. From the first moment of their arrival their atti tude was uncertain, anxious, and mysterious. At the Hotel Ste. Marie Greco begged the waiter not to give the key of his room to any. body, ' not even to his father.' At No. 178, Rue St. Honore', Trabucco told Madame Mousset, the mistress of the lodging house, that the locks of her furniture were not strong enough. And he bought from a tradesman named Liard a new lock-up box, in which he de posited the contents of his gamebag. Greoo, when he took up his residence at the Hotel de Naples, got a locksmith to see that the locks in his room were strong. He insisted upon carry ing up his luggage himself. He put off showing his own passport and those of his friends as long as he could, and it was not till Jan. 1 that Madame Thierry, the mistress of the hotel, was able to get a Bight of the passports of Trabucco, Im peratori, and Maspoli ; Greco, who appeared to dislike the thought of the verification of the hotel register by the police inspectors, could not be got to inscribe himself regularly till Jan. 2. Moreover, all the actions of these men betrayed a feeling of uneasiness ; one of them habitually remained at home to watch what might occur while the others went out. The waiter noticed that they left the doors of their rooms ajar, even in the night-time, in order that they might hear what was going on in the house. Out of doors their conduct was more suspicious still. While at the hotel they were constantly together, and held long conversations, and always concerted together when they were going out; they affected to keep apart in the streets, and passed by each other, either as if they were perfect strangers, or only with a bow. From the very day after their arrival in Paris they closely scrutinised all the approaches to the private garden of the Tuileries. They went in a carriage to the Place de la Concorde, and the grand avenue of the Champs Elysees, making their coachman go at a foot pace, and examin ing very attentively every inch of the road. On December 28, Trabucco, after having gone into the precincts of the opera, where the Emperor then was, and remaining for a long while in the shop of M. Ranciot, the hairdresser, of the Rue Grange Bateliere, joined his friends, and then all four went in a carriage to the corner of the Reu Le Pelletier. There they waited till midnight, when the Emperor left the theatre, looking cautiously about them very frequently. The next day Trabucco and Greco went to Ranciot's, under the pretence of having their hair dressed. They then went into the Passage de l'Opera, and after having re peatedly looked about to see if they were watched they proceeded to examine the approaches to the theatre, and more particularly the private entrance reserved for His Majesty. This examination lasted half an hour. On the 30fch December, Ranciot, going to the opera with his wife, saw these two individuals stand ing under the peristile. On January 2, Greco, Trabucco, Imperatori, and Maspoli visited the different approaches to the palace of the Tuilleries. But they were now evidently more uneasy than ever ; they felt that they were watched, and in going up and down tne streets, whether on foot or in a carriage, they always looked about them carefully in all directions. They were in difficulties for money, and seemed to be anxiously waiting for a re mittance. On January 3, after enquiring in vain at the post-office for a letter, they mani fested the utmost disappointment. All their actions, their agitation, their uneasiness, clearly revealed their designs. The moment for secur ing ineir persons Eeemea now so nave arnveu. The preceding extract is very curious, inas much as it shows that French detectives not anly know every movement and action of those whom, they are set to watch, but oan declare bheir very thoughts, feelings, and emotions. If the suspected individuals left their bedroom doors open at night the police not only knew the fact, but the motive. It was ' in order that they might hear what was going on in the house' — though it was just possible they did it for ventilation. If they went to a barber's, it was under ' pretence' of having their hair cut ; though we suppose they either did or did not submit to that operation. If they did not, why is so curious a fact overlooked P if they did, where is the ' pretence' of having their hair cut P It will be observed that before any arrest was made, before any weapon was known to be in their possession, before anything was discovered that could possibly be a a clue to their precise intentions — however suspicious their movements might be — 'all their actions, their agita tion, their uneasiness, clearly revealed their designs.' The indictment then proceeds to set forth with great minuteness the circumstances of the arrest, the search of their luggage, the discovery of the implements of murder, the finding of the letters, &c;, &c.; It also describes the denials, prevarications, and, finally, the confessions of the prisoners, and their accusation of Mazzini ! Finally, the Procureur-General charges the conspirators with what he curiously describes as ' a crime vrovided for bv articles 86 and 89, sec. 1, of the Penal Code,' and perorates a8 follows : — ' Never was crime more skilfully prepared. Never were conspirators better selected, or fur nished with more sure and terrible arms. Never was a crime against society at large so near its consummation, when the vigilance of authority penetrated its designs, frustrated the plot, and delivered the guilty authors to justice.' The last paragraph reads like the moral reflec tion of an historian, seeking to impress some salutary lesson upon the public mind, as dedu cible from the facts of a trial concluded and a sentence passed. If tlie conspiracy be a honafi.de one, no doubt the intended murderers deserve to suffer the extreme penalty of the law ; but however that may issue, the mode of framing an indictment in France, and, in fact, the whole -modus operandi of procedure in. connection, with political crimes, clash so strangely with English ideas of the administration of justice, that we may well be excused if we find ourselves unable to give immediate credence to witnesses who adopt such singular methods of encompassing the ends of justice. 