GENERAL NEWS. PRIMITIVE METHODIST MISSIONARY MEBTINO.-A missionary meeting washeld in the Crown-street, Primitivo Methodist Chapel, Sydney, laut evening. The ohair wa» oaoupied by Captain Hodge, and the meeting was appro- priately addreasedby the Uevs.R. Hartley, BernardKenny, S. Hart, and E. 0. Pritchard. Tho report stated that under the care of the general missionary committee there were H7stationa, 182 missionaries, 11,409 members; and that the inoroase of members OB those stations for the past year, exolusivo of Canada, won 7G4. Total number of members in the connection, 146,681 ; total increase of the year, 5396, aftor filling the vaoancies of 2000 ooes sionöd by death. The receipts far the samo period were £10,039 13s. 9d_Communicated to the Herald, July 29. On Thursday evening, Mr. Hargravo, lato Attorney General, dolivered his twelfth lecture, at tho Supreme Court, Sydney, on "The Studies and Bducation of the Legal Profession,"-tho immediate subject of the lecture being tho Insolvenoy Law and Law of Appeal. A publio meeting of the New South Wales Pesoo Sooiety was held on Thursday evening, in the Temperance Hall, Sydney, when Dr. Meymott gave an exposition of the principles of the Society. The Herald reports that the Govermonthavo ocoopted tho tender of Messrs. P. N. Russell and Co. for building twenty-eight waggons for the Southern and Western Railways. Aooording to the Herald, o contraot has been given to Mr: Hughes for completing the barbour improvements at Kiama, at prices slightly above those at whioh tho works have hitherto being oarried on. Aconfinooin her Majesty's gaol, Parramatta, attempted to oommit suicide on Tuesday, by stabbing himself with a plooo of sharpened iron in the arm, abdomen, ond nook. He is recovering. The sum of £56 has boen forwatdod to the Central Floods Relief Committee, from the distriot of Welling- ton, as a first instalment. THE KILLING OF M»., JAMES KIRWAN.-We learn on nnquestionable authority, that this case will be brought under the consideration of Parliament, immediately on ita ro-assembling, in consequenoe of the Attorney-General having deolined to re-open the investigation, or take any proceedings in tho matter.-Bell's Life, July 30. A fatal ocoident occurred on either the 16th or 17th July, to a man supposed to have been a shepherd, near Deniliquin. From the evidence given at themagislerial enquiry held on his body, it appeared that the deoeased bad lighted a fire at the foot of a tree, and in tho course of the night the tree had fallen upon him, killing bim instantaneously. MORUYA SILVER MINING COMPANY-The half-yearly general meeting of the shareholders of tho Moruya Silver Mining Company was held on Friday, July 29. The report was adopted. Acoount saleB have been re- ceived of the ore Bent home to England, but they are not of so satisfaotory a nature as to induce the Company to continue their shipments of the ore in tho raw slate. The report of tho assay shows 23 ozs. to 24 ozs. of silver and lj oz. gold to the ton. Advices were also received from Messrs. Johnson and Hathey, that additional experimenta were being made on tbo oro In order to test its full value. Mr J. B Rundle was re-elected a direotor. -S. M. Herald, July SO. "It will probably not astonish our readers," says the Caledonian Mercury, "to learn, considering the trials Mrs, (Longworth) Yolverton IIBB undergone, and the desperate efforts made to withhold from her her just and i logal rights as the wife of Major Yelverton, that the ' £150 ordered by tbo House of Lords to be paid to her to defend her against tho appeal of her husband baa boon arrested by hor own agents in London for expenses already incurred. Verily, unless God hlmsolf specially interioro for the ill-fated lady, sha has had proof enough that she need have no trust in man. Did we not know that in Edinburgh the damages given by the jury in the oase against Mr. Walker woro arrested by agents before they reached the hands of Mrs. Yelverton, we should bo disposed to ask whether suoh a thing could have hap- pened in Scotland " , An extraordinary ship is just now in prooeis of being tried on tho banks of the Thames, near Poplar. This is what is lormed a " cigar-ship"-that is, ayacht steamer, tho hull of whioh is immensely long, perfeo'.ly round, and whioh, in faot, precisely rosumbles, as its numo implies, tho shape of a cigar, with tho exoeption that both ends aro very finely pointed, instead of, as in a oigar, only one. The vessel is being built as the private yaoht ot an American gentleman, who has designad everything con neotod with the ship, and who is having his designs exeonted in the most perfect workmanship of whioh wrought iron is capable. Tho hull is almost complote, and the "cigar-ship'' itself will bo launched completed, and with hor steam up, by tho middlo of August. Correspondance from Constantinople contains painful details of the imraonse immigration of Circassians into Tnrkoy, caused by the surrender of Vardar, the last Cir- cassian stronghold, and the consequent resolution of throe tribes to abandon thoir oountry. 27,000 Circassians have already arrived at Trebizond, and ¡tis supposed the next two or thrco months at least 300,000 moro will seek refuge in Turkey. The mont «hooking misery pro vails among these unhappy wandereis, in spite of the 'efforts mado by the Tuikiah government to alleviate their sufferings and settlo them in Bora o of its most thinly- populated territorios. It is proposed to enlist 20,000 of then} in tho Turkish army ; and it ÍB estimated that the Sultan's treasury will be drained of at least £1,000,000 for the support and establishment of the vanquished tribes which aro flying from their Riusiun conquerors into his dominions. When a Sootoh story bas real humour in it, the fun is generally very lioh. Dr. Brown, tho author of that most fiopnlar of books, " Rab and his Friondd," has just pub. ¡shed another volume, called " Jeems the Doorkeeper," in whioh ho relates somo oapitul nneoJotes. F.%. gr. Vi han Dr. Brown's father was minister of the United Presbyterian Ohuroh, Broughton-pluco, Edinburgh, "Jooms" was the doorkeeper; and tho first dozen pages of the sermon boforo us are devoted to his por- traiture. " On one occasion," says the doctor, in a note, "a descendant of Nabal put a crown-piece ¡uto tho plate instead of a penny, and, starting bjok at its white and precious face, asked to have it back, and was refused 'In onoo, in for over.' 'A weel, a woel,' grunted he, 'I'll got credit for it in hoavon.' 'Na, no,' said JeemB, 'ye'll got oredlt only for the penny !'" A gardener of Yvetot(Soine-Inferieure) has discovered asimple manner of riddiug a garden of caterpillars. A piece of woollen stuff having been lodged in a tree by the wind, was found to have become oovcred with those inseots. The man seoing that result placed sovoral other pieces on different trow, and tho oatorpillnra settling on them lu the night ho was able to destroy a quantity every morning. Tho poople of the Capo de Verde Islands, it appears, are suffering fearfully from famine, espooially tho Island of St. Jago. Thousands of poor oreatures oro' lying about under walls and hedges in the neighbourhood of Porto Prayo, who have dosortcd thoir homos and made ftr the town in tho hopn of bolng fed. Many from tho more distant part of the island died on their way unablo to reach the town. Starvation and death are ranking fearful havoo amongst them. All the other islands aro visited no»rly as badly, and the best informed people say that two-third» of tho inhabitants muet dio. There aro no provisions in tho islands oud very little money. A lotter from Horup Hav saysi- «'Theend of General D.u. F1",1, TV th.at of ft l,6ro' u*iaS »«rprf'eJ at the head of his division by the Prussian torrent, ho first gavo way oftor reosivlng two sabre wounds. Somo of his men ran toward» biro, as if to afford aid. « There must be some- thing moro to make one dio,' he exclaimed; 'follow mo!' and with somo hundreds of his mon ho arrived nt tho bat- tery No. 5. There, while Boating tho parapot, he WOB hit by a ball in the broaat. which passed through his body, and he fell. Two ollioors wore about to havo him ro moved, when he oried ont, 'Everyman to lils plaoe and forward !' haying those words ho expired.» General Du Plat's corpse had two laurel wreatliB ronnd its head when it o«me into his irionds' hands, and these the Prus- sian officer who aooompanied It across the strait to Alsen statod were laid on the brow of tho desd hero by no less illustrious hands than thoso of Prlnoo Frederick Charles and Marshal Wrangel, who wished to show before the eyes of their whole army In what estimation they hold an enomy's valour. .. Pity,'» says tho Tim* DonUb cor respondent, "that the general's gallantry did not entitle him to havo his boots restored to him; but tho Gorman» are evidently mad after Danish sboe-Ioathor, and the bodies of all, without exooption, who foil on the DUppol hoights, wore brought book to us in their Books » The Bishop of Exeter has exeouted a deed of gift of his valuable and extensive eocleslaitioal library to tho oounty of Cornwall, tho only condition hoing that a suitable building bo oreoted for its reoeptlon at Truro, within three years from the poriod of his death. A lotter from Vienna kays that the Hungarian prepara tiona for an outbreak woro muoh more formldalilo thon aro oomraonlyi sunposud. About 5000 BUDS'have re çently been seized in Hungary, and It is believed that 1 large quantities of arms have pusaed through Vienna to 