COMMERCIAL. I Aon Ofi-tce. Saturday Even inc. Export entries were pat sed nt the Customs, to day, on G2,G13 oz 19 dwt of fiold,' for shipment as follows : — 56,081 oz 9 dwt per Nortlmni, for Point do Gallo ; 39802 oz per Essex, for London ; 2167 oz per City of Melbourne, for Sydney; and 38 oz por Lottio Maria, for Iloug ICong. 1 hough tho week has closed in tho import market without much further business hnving transpired, in consequoneo of tho mercautilo houses having been closely occupied with their English correspondence, prices of most staples have nil a firm look, which is likely to lend to increased trade during the eiiBuing week. Wo learn to-day that tho remainder of tho Noo'srice — an operation reported iu this morning's issue as pending— has changed hands at a satisfac tory figure, which, liowover, lias been withheld. Wo aro also informed that, in addition to the sales re ported last week, somo four linndred tons of that re cently purohasod on speculation havo likewise beon disposed of at tho rato fixed upou for largo quanti ties. Trado salos aro boing made at £23 to £23 10s. For breadstuff's a steady inquiry continues at full rates. Chilian llour has been sold at £24. Our riwiow of tho market, published iu Saturday's issuo, Iake3, ou this occasion, tho placo of our usual weekly sum mary. Complaints hove reached us of tho serious ineon renionco to which consignees of shipping aro ox posed, by misreporting from tho Heads tho nrrival of vessels coming to the port. Tho latest instnuco of tho kind which has occurred is that of tho Tion Tsin, known to bo on tho way from Foo Chow, nnd whose arrival was telegraphod on Saturday by mis take for tho Tai Lee, from Macao ; and it is a curious circumstanco thata similar blundor was com mitted on the nrrivnl of tho last tea ship, consigued to tho same firm that tho Tien Tsin is now coming to. Tho public have a right to demand tho exor cise of greater carefulnesn iu tho tolcgraphio depart ment. Immigration. — The' number of persons arrived at tho port of Melbourne during the past week, by way of seaboard, is as under: — Neighboring colonics, 278, of which number 43 aro returned passengers from Otago; United Kingdom, 01. Total, 339. Customs Revenue. — The customs revenue for Fridav. 23rd Sentnmlini-. Ififit io na fnllnwa ? ? Brandy, 1378 gallons, £689 7= Id ; gin, 1139 do, £509 17s 4d ; rum, 551 do, £275 19s; whiskey, 161 do, £81 Is 2d ; perfumed spirits, 17 do, £8 10s ; other do lido, £5 18s 2d; wine, 535 do, £80 7s 9J ; beer, 1322 do, £33 Is ; tobacco, manufactured, 4112 lb, £414 4s ; cigars, 1 do, Gs 7d|; tea, 3703 do, £92 lis 6d ; sugar, 1140 ewt, £342 ; coffee, 11,825 lb, £93 10s lOd ; opium, refined, 48 do, £48 ; dried fruits, 101 cwt, £50 19s Id ; malt, 2000 bushels, £50; hops, 4040 lb, £33 li3 4d ; wharfage and harbor rates, £118 5s 8d. Total import duties, £2992 13s (id. Snirits ilisfillnd in Viphnriii. gill ons, £34 8s lOd ; export duty oil gold, 38,450 oz, £2883 15s 8d ; touuage, £40 4s. Total duties and revenue, £5957 2s. Pilotage, £81 2s Od. Stock and Share Market. — There has boon a good businoss, to-day, at full prices. Our roport of the market in Saturday's issue renders unnecessary repetition to-day. Debentures aro firm. Colonial and National Banks scarce. Bank of Victoria ob tainable. Australasian Fire and Murine havo ad vanced another Is. Ajax aro waiitod at low prices. HerculeB shares aro very scarce and rising. To-day's quotation £40— £55. Nelson Reef havo been taken at 8s. Now Chum havo run up rapidly, and aro scarce at 00s. This prico has boon paid on terms. Tliero is inquiry for St. Muugo shares nt an im provement. Star Reef are saleable. There is a renewed domand for Tyson's Reof at moderate prices, and thoro aro flying rumors of lioh stono and higher prices. Essex, 'Ballaarat, aro becoming scarce. Domand for Extended, Blanket Flat. Extended, Redan, are firm sinco sottlomont of litigation with tho Koh-i-noor Company. Shares of tho latter liavo risen to £72. Nelson and Wellington washing splendidly, and shares tho turn better. Newton, Daylcsford, are rising rapidly. Oriental aro not lively. St. Georpe United command £20 at Ballaa rat. United Extended Band of Hope are saleable at exlrome rates. Tho sales effected, to-day, by tho brokers of the Stock Exchaugo comprise Victoria Government bix per cent. Debentures at 105J, Aus tralasian Fire and Marino Insuranco at 81s, Ajax Mining (Castlemaine) at £2 Is, Hustler's Reef Min ing (Bendigo) at llsGd, Nelson Reef Mining (Ben digo) nt 8s, Now Chum Mining (Bondigo) at 55s and 60s on terms, Tyson's Reof Mining (Bendigo) at 4s 9d, Essex (Ballaarat) at £105, Great Extended (Blanket Flat) at £27, Koh-i-noor (Ballaarat) at £72, Newton (Daylesford) at £150, Royal Saxon (Ballaarat) at £23 10s, St. George United (Ballaa rat) at £20, United Extended Band of Hope nt £130, Boundary Lead (Daylesford) at £31. Messrs Baillie and Butler3 report steady businoss an-l sales of Bank of Now South Wales at £13 10s, Colonial Bank at £8 12s Od, National Bank at £5 Is, Australasian Fire and Marino at 80s, Ballaarat Gas at £7 5s, Southern Insurance nt 25s Od, Avoea Mining at £10 10s, Chryseis (Buninyong) at £53, National (Daylesford) at £55, Band of Hope (Bal laarat) at £135, Cosmopolitan at £10, Prince of | Wales (Ballaarat) at £5 8s, Alston and Weardalo at £24, Great Extended (Redan) at £47, Grand Junc tion (Daylesford) nt £20, and Great Extended (Blanket Flat) at £27. The following telegrams, showing the yields of tho mines named for tho woek, huvo been received by Messrs William Clarko and Sous : — Ajax Asso ciation, 40 oz 2 dwt, from 4 18 tons ; Now Chum Company, 145 oz ; Catherine Reef United, 79 oz ; Catherine Roof, Keith's, 11 oz ; Hercules Company, 72 oz. Ballaarat. — Messrs Walsh, Were and Mooro, and Mr S. Goujon report tho share market as being very brisk the past week. Tho following aro the yields nnd dividends ot some oi me principal mines Great Extended, dividend 10s, yield for fortnight, 782 oz ; Prince of Wales, dividend, 10s, yield for fortnight, 509 oz ; Defiance, dividend 15s, yield for weok, 230 oz ; Cosmopolitan, dividend 7s, yield for fortnight, 335 oz ; Koh-i-noor, di vidend £1, yield for fortnight, 1107 oz ; Buninyong, dividend Gs, yield for fortnight, 550 oz ; Band of Hope, dividend £1, yield for tho last two days, 285 oz ; Corinella, dividend, £2. Sales wore effected, to-day,' as follows : — lloyal Saxon £23J, ? South Grenville £25 J, Corinella £210, Nelson £33^, Essex £103— £1074, Koh-i-noor £70£, Great Gulf, £13J and £1 1, Cosmopolitan £15 17s Gd cum div., i Briti.-li £290, Volunteer £100, Lucky £100, Dnko of Cornwall (Daylesford) £43, Newton *£138, Le viathan £205, Grand Junction £100. New South Wales.— Our files from Sydney are . ,, : ? I W, ♦„1,„ »l,n fnllnminfT frnin lo cno aauu uiai. no Empire of the 21st.: — Our market for imported goods lias continued very dull and prices for most articles liavo exhibited little or no improvement. The large reposed decrease in shipments may be regarded as a counterbalance to tho similar increase of tho previous month, nnd stocks of most articles are still more than sufficient to moot our requirements for some time to come. Tliero is scarcely any articlo in which any extensivo business has been done, and the trade during the' month has been confined almost exclusively to the immediate re quirements of the trade, for country aud shipping orders, both of which, especially the former, have beau ou a very moderate scale. Brandy : Iu our mar ket for this import there has been a moderato amount of business done, anil prices have exhibited little or no nl titration since our last report. Small sales of Kartell's have been mado at 8s 9d to 9s per gallon, but for considerable parcels 8s Gd per gallm may bo re ? J...1 „ f.,11 tnnrlrot. nnnlation. Other L'ood brands havo been in limited request at 7s Gd to 8s 3d por g ill on. Low class samples havo continued very un seeable, and it is impossible to name prices at which transactions to any extent could be negotiated. Case brer dies continue iu limited demand, without any change in quotations. Best brands are not worth moro than '22s to 23s per case, and low class samples are un saleable at any prico we could fairly quote as a market rate. Rum : In this article we are unable to report any extensive transactions, and piices continiio uuich tho same as they were last month. Lowndes's aud Lemon Hart's rums are quoted at 3s 4d per gallon, and Preston's at 8s 5d por gallon, nt which price sales of the last have been mado to arrive. [Geneva: This import continues without any altera tion in quotations. Best brands, of suitable contents nnd strengths, are quoted atlOs to 10s Gd per case, say for key and .JDKZ ; but other samples havo been placed at a much lower figure. A short time ago Messrs Folheringhani nnd Mullen sold by auction 2000 cases of tho anchor tiraud at p;iccs ranging from 8s 8d to 8s lid per caso. Whiskey: Tho season for this import is now over, and tho market is in conse quence very dull. Quotations are nominally 3s to its 3d por gallon, for best Scotch, in wood ; nnd 83 to !)s per dozen for cases; but wo liavo no transactions of importanco to report. Wines: All kinds contiiiuo very dull of sale, and tho utter inutility of attempting to force the market has been ovidenced by tho absence of sales by auction, of any importance, during tho month. The only domand is for tine sherries for bottling purposes, and for these small parcels aro quito sufficient for tlio requirement of the trade. Low sherries nnd ports continue altogether unsaleable at any prico which wo could fairly quote. In light wines, iu bottlo, thoro hns beon vory little doing, but tho approaching summer season maypro '» 'uuitiovu i.u.i.un.i, isua 1 pricos. Malt Liquors : Tho approach cf warm won thcr has croatcd a bettor demand for draught ale, aud prices exhibit a tendency towards improvement, though stocks are ample. Holders of Bass's No. 3 ask from £7 to A'7 5s per hogshead. Allsopp's and Slarrian's liavo been freely sold, to arrive, at £6 10s per hogs head ; other brands havo not been in much request. Porter, in draught, is dull of sale, the consumption decreasing as tho summer season approaches; bost brands aro quoted at 1 5 5s to £5 10s per hogshead, with little doing. In bottled beers thoro Jias beon somo trifling improvomonts in tho demand, and present prices exhibit a trilling advance on tho rates of tho previous month. Porter, in lino condition, is worth 7s Gd to 8s ; and ale, lis 9d to 10s Gd per dozen ; anything over 10s, however, being obtain able only for first-class brands in prime condition. Flour nnd Wheat: Since our. last monthly report tho market for breadstuff's has been vory unsettled ; tho fluctuations in tho market hnving, 011 the wholo, exhi bited an average upward tondency. Iu our last monthly article we expressed our opinion that, in tho absonco of continued ?shipments from home, prices would again rally, and such has proved to bo the caso sooner than wo anticipated. Tho advices' by the last mail do not iaforin us of such largo shipments as wo wero justified in expecting,' and the arrival .of tho Dashing Wave about a fortnight ago, from San Fran cisco, with a cargo of lumber instead of breadstuffs, lias tended to promote an advance iu prices. Tho loss of tho Fanny Mcrriman, with a full cargo ? for this port, has also contributed to strengthen prices. We, however, look for considerable sup plies from Valparaiso, and it is ronsonablo to cxnect, bv next mail, intelliconco of further considerable supplies from England nnd Eastern America. Present quotations are £25 por ton for Ade laide suporfino silk dressed. An attempt has lately been mado by speculators to forco pricos up to a higher rato, by effecting a combination amongst holders of flour, but this has happily failod. l'ho agents for Adc laido account nro too wiso lo play into tho hands of mere speculators in food, and wo boliovo genorally sup ply their regular customers nt tho prico abovo indi cated, and will continuo to do so unless circutnstauces should arise to render a higher prico absolutely neces sary, which we have every reason to boliovo will not bo tho case. Tho Sydney millers aro bare of stocks, and iu consequenco Adolaido wheat is vory saleable at 10s Gd por bushel. By a telegram iu to-day's issuo, of our daily contemporary, wo learn that considerable specu lation had taken place in Melbouruo, and that pricos had advanced about 80s per ton ill consequonce of intelli gence from Sydney that tho crop in California was so far a failure that, instoad of being exporters, tho in habitants of thnt country would requiro to import breadstuffs to supply their own necessities. This in telligence is n simple fabrication, nnd wo can only ro garil it as, an attempt on tin part of speculators to givo a false tone to tho market for thoir own special pur poses. Wo havo not received any lator intelligence from Sail FYaucisco, the last datos boing thoso re ceived by tho Dashing Wave about a fortnight ago ; and if tliero had been any nows to justify the roport upon which the telegram referred to is founded, wo shonld havo been acquainted with it long ngo. Wo repeat that if the intelligence did roally reach Mel bourne, ns stated, by private advices from Sydney, it wns a deliberate fabrication on tho part of somo in terested party or parties liore ; and this will turn out to be the case, and perhaps to tho cost of speculators iu tho southern market who have been rasli enough to net upon such vague and unauthorised reports. Rico : Tho market has exhibited a firmer teudeucy, in consoquenca of extensivo speculative transactions in -Melbourne, wliero new 1'atnn is reported to I10 held for £24 por ton. Iu our own markets, tho highest quotations are £22 to £22 10s for now, and A'20 10s to £21 for old samples of bost Pntna. The only arrival has been tho Immaeulato Conception, from Calcutta, with n cargo of 500 tons, but tho quality is that known as Moongy rice, nnd is not calculated to affect tho market for Patna table samples. Cofl'oo : In this article we liavo to roport a dull market, with very little doing. Plantation Geylon is still quoted at lid, and Java and Manilla samples at 9jd to 9}d por lb in bond. Candles : Thoso havo had a downward tendency during tho month. Tho ngonts for tho Neva Stearieo Company liavo reduced tlieir quotations to lOJd por lb, and Bolmont's, and first olass foreign weights aro not worth moro than lOd per lb ; light woights from 7Jd to 8Jd per lb. Dried Fruits : ? Tho marlcot has boon very dull during tho greater part of tho month ; but since the arrival of tho mail n better feeling lias been mani fest. Currnnts'are at present quotod firm, at 3d to 3,Jd per lb, and raisifls from 4 Id to 4Jd per lb. Oilmen's stores aro vory dull of sale, aud quotations do not ex uiuili IIIIJ I1HUIUUUII ill vmuu. uujj.ua . J.110 uraraoi has had on tho wholo a declining tendency, especially for counter qualities. Brown ration sugars liavo been in better domand, and former prices have been fully maintained ; but for tho finer qualities a decline of about 30s per ton lias taken place. Teas : In the im ports thoro lias boon ail improved domand for tho higher qualities of congons, which aro scarcp, and realising higher prices ; but for low clnss station qualities thoro is no improved domand, and prices continuo without nny alteration. To bacco : Arrivals of importod tobacco havo beon considerable, and have boon freely sold by auction without reserve. Tho quality and conditions of the parcels offered, liowovor, weroso-yery inforior, that the pricos realised cannot be regarded in tho light of current market rates. The manufacture of tobacco, in Sydney, from imported leaf, is rapidly progressing, and the quality of the articlo produced bids fair to snporsode tho importod articlo in this market. Salt : The market has been very dull, and snles have been mado at £3 5s to £3 7s Gd per ton! Bags : During tho lust week or ten days thoro has been considerable inquiry for bags for the I Adelaido market, and sales havo been made at pricos ranging from lGs Gd to 18s por dozen, nnd to-day 18s Gd may bo quoted as tho obtainublo market price. Woolpaeks: Tho demand has been steady at pricos ranging about Gd por pack undor our Inst mouth's quotations ; present prices rango from Gs 3d to G3 Gd each for full 10 lb packs. ' Freights rulo as follow : Washed wool, j[d per lb ; ditto iu grease, id per lb ; tallow, 003 per ton ; hides, 80s to 35s por ton ; kauri gum, 75s per ton; copper oro, 20s por ton ; oil, 80^ per tun ; measurement goods, GOs per ton; all with 5 per cent, primage. Exchange : X per ceut. premium, for bank drafts, at 30 days' sight, and 1 per cent, discount for bill at GO days' sight. Oiaoo, N.Z. — Wo havo our files from Otago to tho 17th inst. Wo take lha following from tho Daily Times of that dale : — Bjisinoss during the past month lias boen quiet but steady, and, with a continuance of the present fine spring weather, wo may now look with confidence for a gradual improvement in our markets gonerally, aud especially on up-country account. Stocks of most descriptions of merchandise are becoming greatly re duced, and with light imports during tho month, and moderato shipments advised as now afloat, merchants need bo under 110 apprehension in regard to tho future. The only important failure during tho month is that of Mr S. Jones, our largest hotel proprietor. His liabilities aro stated to exceed £50,000, but of this sum only about £6000 may bo regarded as trado debts, in which 10s in the pound has been paid. The balance is chiefly due to two banks. The gold escorts continue to show a lair return; this month they sum up 26,726 oz. Flour: At tlio dato of our last report our stocks wero large, compared with a short tiuio previous. Two Chilian cargoes were shortly after nlaccd as follows — ex RamOB at £19, nnd ex Ismvr, £19 15s. Fow sales woro made within the last few days, when the withdrawal of a small cargo from tlio market, which was imported from Adelnido, induced an advance, nnd prices may now bo quoted as fol lows : — Adelaido, first brauds, £26 ta £2G 10s ; country do, £24 10s to £'25 ; Chilian, £23 to £24 ; Tasmanian, £23 to £24. The shipments from England to Mel bourne and Sydney will not influence our mar ket. Oats : Our own growth, fresh and new, pre ferred. Quotations, 43 to 4s 3d ; Tasmanian worth 4s 3d to 4s Gd. Scotch nnd Danish unsaleable. Ship pers will do well to bear in mind that a large extent of land is laid down with oats for the coining season. Bran : Market well stocked. Prices, Is 9d to 2s. Bulk Ales : TJ10 market shows no material improvement ; for Bass's and other brands consignees 'ire willing to nccept of rate3 that barely pay cost. Some improvement, however, may bo expected, if our colonial brewers continuo inactive. £6 Is to £ti 5s I1113 been obtained for two primo small lots. Hulk Stout: None on hand. £6 10s may be ob tained for a moderate shipment. Bottled Ale: Ten nent's pale is still tho favorite brand. Price, lis Gd ; other brands are difficult to placo at any rates. Bottled Stout : Tho favorite brands nro in good de mand. Byass's, lis 3d ; Dnnpliy's, lis Gd, scarce; Guinness's,' lis Gd, scarce ; liurko's, 12s to 12s Gd, none ; Blood's, last shipments, have been sold, in good sized parcels, ns high as 12s Od quarts, 7s 9d pints. Bacon: Supplies still continuo greatly in ex cess of demand. A decline in prices has followed since our last quotations. Sinclair's new cure wo now quote at lOJd ; Coey's, lOd. An advance on sales of id to Id can be obtained if a proportionate quantity of bams accompanies tho shipment. Hams still continuo scarce. Our last quotations, namely, Is ljd to Is 2d, can now bo obtained. Butter : No improvement. The MCTMrtiiB Mill !???— 33»B«Mmi:i»niiniii ? ? ? ? liberal supply of Ibis article from tho ndjacenl colonies prevonts Cork being placed at paying rates. Tho July [ shipments from home aro small and may have a beiie 1 ficial effect on our market ; 8Jd to !)d is tlio ontsido quotation for really good. Cheese: Supplies continuo moro than oqunl to tho demand. Quotations about the snme as last, 9d to lOd for parcels. Fish : Supplies nro uioro than requisite for our consumption. Parcels that havo stood 011 linnd some timo cau bo purchased nt lowor rates than thoso in our last report. Brandy : Iu Martell's aud Ilennossy's bulk no transactions of any magnitudo; rates aro rather lowor for these brands. In nocond-class brands rates havo given way ; as low as 7s Gd has boon taken ; Martoll's caso, light duty, 26s iti bond ; do, large, 23s do ; Iiennessy's, 80s, scarce. , Whiskey, in bulk, extremely dull of salo ; tho last quo- J tations aro scarcely obtainable now. Caso whiskey 1 cannot bo placed in any quantity. Kirkliston continues to lio oft'orod at 73 ; Saueel do, 63 Gd ; otlior brands at Bimilnr rates. Ruin : Slocks aro not heavy, but our consumption small. A pnrcel of proof was placed at 2s 9d ; 8 to 10 o.p., at 3s 3d. Geneva : Stocks light, nnd chietlv hold by ono or two houses. JD1CZ, 13s 6d to lis ; VII, 10s Gd to lis. TxVHnfi.tnflTT.1..— Olll' rlntnq frnm Tnvflrrtnfmll nro to tho 17th inst. We extract the following from tho Times of that dato : — For tho past month wo lmvo to roport an improve ment in business, which is to be mainly attributed to the nnusunlly fiuo weather we havo experienced. The groat outlet for commerco lias boon tho Lake dis trict, business men tliero, and country settlers gene rally, laying in stocks on favorublo terms, aud, in con snquenco of tho improved state of tho roads, at a reasonable rato of cartage. Tho principal articles sent to the Lakes havo boon flour aud sugar. The contem plated oponing of tho Oreti or northern lino of rail way, on tho 3rd proximo, as far as the Makarewa, iB looked forward to with groat interest, and tho general fooling amongst all classes is that much benefit will result to tho district through which tho lino passes, ns woll as prove an instalment of that improved systom of communication with the moro distant interior which tho railway to Winton will- supply. Stocks at the present timo aro sufficiently largo to Iteop us going for some time, if we may oxcept llour nnd sugar, for which wo nro almost ontirely dependent 011 small ships from Duuedin. In consequenco of recent ndvicos, flour, which had suffered a furthor docline from lust month's quotations, is again rising in price. Wo now quote best Adelaide nt £30, with ovory prospect of a furthor rise. On tho receipt of the news por tho Aldinga, we heard of 0110 firm purchasing a lot of 20 tons of Adolaido at £28, which was during tho woek previous tho current selling prico to retail donlcrs. Tasmanian may bo quotod at £25 to £27 ; Chilian, £26; Californian, from £22 to £25, according to brands. Colonial oats are selling at 5s lo 5s Gd ; Cali fornian at 4s 0d. Otlior articles of horse fccu (m which littlo has beon doing) aro as follows: — Hay, £6 to £8 por ton; chad', £8 to £10; bran, 2s ; potatoes, first quality, fetch £9 por ton. Auckland.— Wo have our files frora Auckland to the 8th inst. Wo tuko the following from tho jVcW Zealandcv of the 7th : — Since' onr last montlily roport, wo cannot boast of having dono nil extonsivo businoss ; tho weather having been vory boisterous and unsettled during a consider able part of it, has of course tended to make it duller. Tho foroign arrivals hnvo not been heavy during tho month ; but the market being nlrendy so lull of goods, holders liavo not boen nt nil rolioved, as tho car goes arriving koop up tho stocks to their fullest extent. Flour hns within tho last fow days. fallen to £25 per ton for firsts; tho last advices from the Australian colonies quoting flour at Adolaido at £17 10s; and whoat at 7s has apparently convinced holders here that former prices could bo maintained. Maize, oats, and bran have boon sold at auction iu considerable quanti ties and at the following rates : — Maize, Gs 9d , oats, 4s Gd to Gs, according to quality; and bran 23 por bushel. Hay, pressed, £8 7s 6d ofl'erod at auction nnd refused. Brandy : Martell's is worth 10s to 10s Gd; for small parcels moro is demanded. Genova is still a glut, small sales at 12s to 12s Gd. Rum, 40 o.p., we quoted at 3s 3d nnd 3s Gd, and 20 o.p., 3s 9d to 4s. . Whiskey iB worth about 4s. Wines : Prices quito nominal. . Beers nnd alo iu draught still heavy; £7 to £8 asked for tho bost brands iu small quantities ; in bottle, we quote 10s to lis. Tobacco : Considorablo sales liavo been effected by auction with poor results ; the better descriptions have sold far more freely than the inferior, which is almost unsale able. Cigars : No. 2 Manilla, we quote at 110s ; nnd Huvnnnahs, d.p., 130s. Tea : A large quantity of in ferior quality has beon roshipped to Melbourne, good teas alono appoaring able to command n sale. Our present quotations nro from £8 to £9 for first quality. Sugurs: A considerable part of the cargo of thoSylpliide from tho Mauritius has boon shipped to Sydnoy ; n ves sel lias also boon despatched to th e Islo of Franco dircct, by one of our loading firms, and if continued in the trado tho effect will ho to rendor us loss dependent on the Sugar Company at Sydney, from whonco the prin cipal part of our supplies has hitherto been drawn. Rico is not speculated in here as an article of food as it is in Aust- alia,' and tho consumption is small. Wo quote £22 to £22 10b per ton. Sperm candles aro materially effected by tho importation of korosene, which is. now used in most places of business. Wo quote, for Price's No, 1, Is nnd Is Id; other full weights, *lld to Is; and for light woights, lOd to 10Jd. Sydnoy moulds.wo quoto at 5Jd to 5Jd. In commer cial affairs genorally speaking there appears littlo cause for congratulation. A rocont lienvy failnro has croated much nnensinoBi, and in tho glutted m- rket already, tho probability of its soon becoming more so ; and in tho absence of any export worth mentioning tho prospect nt present is not vory oucouruging to tho me chant or shipowner. Tasmania. — Our files from Hobart Town aro to tho 23rd, and from Launceston to tho 24th inst. Tho Cornwall Chronicle of tho latter dato says :— Millers now domand £2-1 per ton for flour, nnd, ns wheat is not obtainable in quantity at 10s, thoso who have it holding back for 10s Gd per bushel, £24 for fino flour cannot bo considered ton high in proportion to the value of wheat ; but wo shall not bo surprised to seo consignments of llour arriving hero from Mel bourne shortly, if tho present prices aro maintained. Oats remain as dull as usual at 83 6d to 3s 8d per bushel. Potatoes remain at about £-1 10s per ton, bags in. ? ? 