SÏÏMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTKODUCTION. Tho political history of the month, may be written very briefly. Parlia- ment has been prorogued to the 2nd proximo, then to ho further prorogued or dissolved. The Speaker is on a voyage j to New Zealand, to assist, as a commis- ' | sioner,in determining the future sito of I the capital of that colony. The impend- ing general election is expected to take place in September-October ; and Minis- ters havo as yet made no sign as to tiro I policy with which thoy will go before the country. Sir Francis Murphy (tho Speaker) was tho first member of the Lower House to give an account of his stewardship to his constituents ; but the hon, member's address was more of a personal than of a political character. Several of the less important members < of tho Assembly havo since followed his example ; but none of those -to whom the public look for political utterances of importancehavehithertospoken. The ball will probably b e opened on Thursday, ho tr- evor, iuBallarat Ea3t, by Mr. O'shanassy. The hon. member, who has long repre- sented the quiet rural borough of Kil- more, has been solicited to become one of the two representatives of Eastern Ballarat. A most extensively-signed requisition has been presented to him, urging him to that step ; but Mr.O'Sha nassy has declined to abandon his friends in Kilmore. He will acknowledge the kindness of his Ballarat admirers, how- ever, by visiting them on the day named, when he may take the opportunity of placing the Opposition programme before the country. If the lion, member does so, ho will probably bo replied to by Mr. M'Cullocb, in West Melbourne, as a requisition from that constituency to the Chief Secretary, asking him to transfer his services from Mornington to a metropolitan constituency, was exten- sively signed towards the close of the week. Until the writs for the elections are issued we shall have little certain intelligence as to the new candidates who aro likely to enter the political field. So far as is known, there are likely to bo some changes, which will at least not lessen the weight and influence of the Lower House. In the meantime, certain departmental changes have been made in the Cabinet, conse- quent on the death of Mr. Beales, though they have not been officially announced. Mr. Grant has passed from the Roads Department to take charge of that of Lands and Survey ; Mr. Sul- livan adds to tho care of the Mining interest that of the Roads ; Mr. Francis discharges the duties of Railway Minis- ter in addition to those of the Customs ; and Mr. M'Culloch represents tho Post office as well as the Chief Secretaryship. How far these arrangements are consti- tutional will probably form the sub- ject of discussion on the election plat- forms. So far, only two questions have come into any prominence^,- that of the disposal of the public lands, and that of transportation to Western Australia. The agricultural areas are still closed to the settler, as it has been found that no regulations which could be framed under the Land Act of 1862 could keep the speculator and shark out of those coveted pastures. Sak-3 of special lands havo been proceeded with, by auction, and with some success. The occupation licenco party carry their hopes so far as to dream of a triumph to their princi- ples in the coming elections; hut the general belief and hope are that wo shall at last abandon all restrictions on the free employment of capital, and sell the lands,inopen competition, for the highest price they will bring. "Whether the sys- tem should bo extended to the leases of the pastoral tenants, will be a prominent topic of the election speeches. The second question-that of transportation-has assumed a new phase. Tired of a struggle of twenty years' duration with the authorities of the Colonial Offico on this subject," Mr. Edward Wilson has announced, in a letter addressed to The Argus, his determination to adopt a means of bringing the subject home to the people of England which they will not fail to understand He has intimated his intention, single handed, or with the help of those who may choose to join him, to send home to England a few of the worst specimens of the expirée class who can be induced to return to the land which sent them forth. Mr. Wilson argues that a practical lesson of this kind would havo more effect on the mind of the people of England than any remonstrances that can now bo addressed to them ; and would convince them, in the most irresistible manner, of the injustice they insist on inflicting on these colonies by the con- tinuance of the system of transportation. This plain statement of the courso he will follow has evoked a large amount of sympathy and support ; and within two or three days a fund has been accumulated, and an amount of pecu- niary support promised, which will suffice to return to their nativo shores a sufficient number of the worst of the expireo class, to show the people ol England the kind of being who is not here considered a desirable colonist, and to whose forced presence among us, foi the relief of English prisons, wo most emphatically object. Nothing has transpired during the month on the subject of fortnightly mail communication with Galle. The com- pletion of the Persian Gulf lino of tele- graph, connecting India and England however, will necessitate the speedy con- cession of a fortnightly service. Tho preliminary stops have been taken for the formation of a society to encou- rage immigration, the schemo for whicb the last Immigration Bill was passed having become abortive apparently, in the hands of the present 'Government. Mr. Sladen (Treasurer in the Admi- nistration of Mr. Haines) has been elected to represent the Western Province in the Legislative Council, in room of the late Hon. Mr. Vaughan. Tho revenue continues to yield satis factory returns. The experience of tho half-year ending June removes all anxiety as to the financial prospects of the year. Tho patt month has been comparatively an uneventful one. In tho politic it world there are, as yet, only rumours of prepara- tions for the coming electoral contests in October. Wo have hod a repetition, on a smaller scale, of the destructive floods of December. One or two crimes of daring and ' interest have been traced out at tho bar of justice; but beyond this, since last monthly report of progress on our social condition, wo have been quietly pursuing the even tenor of our way. The contest expected for the représentation of East Bourke, vacant by the death of Mr. Heales, tho Minister of Land and Works, re- sulted in a walk over. Mr. Edward Cope, merchant, of Littlo Collins-street, Melbourne, has been declared duly elected to servo lu the Legislative Assembly ob member for tho dis- trict. Tho propriety of forming an association in Victoria, with a view to promote assisted immigration to the colony, haB baan discussed at a meeting of gentlomon who take an in- terest in the matter. Mr. Edward Wilson presided, and Mr. W. A. Brodribb, who con- vened the meeting, explained at length tho objects proposed to be attained, and narrated the workings of the National Colonial Society of London, with which ho had bscome inti- mately acquainted during his visit to Eng- land. Resolution? affirming the desirability of organizing a kindred institution in Vic- toria, and appointing a committee to draw up a prospectus to be submitted to a general meeting, were carried unanimously. Tho reports of the Board of Land and Works for the year ending December 81, 1862 and 1863, relativa to the Victorian Rail- ways, have recently been issued. Mr. Grant points out in his report for 1803, that, for tho first timo since these lines were opened, tho revenue from goods is equal to that from p nssongera. The passenger revenuo for 1803 on each of the lines wai double that of 18G1, while on the Sandhurst and Bal- larat lines the goods rovenue of 18G3 is five times that of 1801. The loss upon tho Williamstown trafilo, which in 1801 was £7,919 19s. 5d" was reduced in 1803 to -1309 13s. In conclusion, the Commissioner t ays:-"In the present incomplete state of the lines, conclusions as to their ultiuiato profitable working can scarcely be arrived at. Taking the net revenue of 1863, however, as a basis, an approximate statement may bo made for that year. Tho construction ex- penditure out of the loan at 31st Djcombjr, 1863, amounted to £7,961,000; and of this ¿230,000 is estimated by the engineer-iu-chlef as expended in plant, material, permanont waj[ ond works of the Echuca line. The national debt, therefore, on lines open ia 18G3 is £7,73'i,000, and the net rovonue shown for that year is £229,400, or three per cent, ou the loan expended on construction. It will be observed, however, that the expenditure on construction out of the consolidated re- venue, amounting to £3il,800, though not bearing interest, is yet a portion of the capital cost of construction; and the net revenue of ¡6229,400, if taken upon a capital of JE8,07G,800, would show a reduced rate of 2'81 per cent." The statement of a few facts in onnexlon with the working of tho present syBtem of national education will no doubt bj accept- able to the public. At present there are up- wards of 700 f chools under the control of the Board of Education. Since tho 1st March last the whole of these schools have boon inspected and examined according to the standards embodied in tho regulations issued with the approval of the Governor in Council; and, iu consequence, the board have become acquainted with the ludlvidual attainments of no leBS than 40,000 children. From the time that the board com- menced operations noarly 400 teachers, pupil teacher?, and candidatos for training have been examined, and thoso who passed have been classified. At piesent eleven can- didates for training aro undergoing examina- tion. With regard to tho remuneration of teachers, it appears that the regulations of the b:ard secure to evory male teaoher of the first division of competoncy a salary of £100 per annum, with augmentation on his classi- fication on a sliding-soalo according to the average attendance at the school ; and they provide for the paymont to the toncher of a bonus over and above his stated salary for every child who may pass an examination according to a fixed standard. The regula- tions also require parents and promoters of schools to contribute at least one-third of the total cost of education, orphans and destitute children being paid for by the board. The registrar-general's report on the vital statistics of Melbourne and suburbi during the month of May show the total mortality for the month at 310 persons, being 181 males and 120 females. Tho daily average has been W00 for the whole, or 5D3 males andá'07 females. The number of deaths during the month of Moy was 310, against 278 In April and 279 in March. The mortality in Miy wa', therefore, slightly in excess of the ave- rage of the same month in five successive years. On account of increasing ill-health, the Bishop of Nelson has been compelled to resign tho charge of his diocese. Ia com- municating this resolution to the public, through the press, tho bishop's secretary íe marks :-" Seeing that the resignation must be tendored to the Archbishop of Cantor bury, and that a delay of many months must occur before a successor can arrive in the colony, the bishop has offered to go on ad- ministering the dioceso to the best of his power for the next eighteen months." The Chief Secretary notifies in the Gazelle, that, in pursuance of a resolution of the Le- gislative Assembly, a premium of £160 will bo awarded for the best essay on each of the fol | lowing subjects, viz. :-1. Pleuro-pneumonia: its causes, symptoms, post-mortem appaar ances (pathology) ; the bojt means of treat- ment; and practical hints on the avoid- ance of the disoaso and its eradication from the colony. 2. Scab ; its causes, symp- toms, pathology ; best means of treatment ; and practical hints for its avoidance and ex- termination. 3 The possibility of determin- ing by inspection of tho entire or divided animal in slaughtoi-houses or butchers' shops whether tho animal has dlod or bann slaughtered ; whether it has been the sub- ject of the abovo or any other diseaie ; and if so, what ara the Binns by which Buch disease can be recognized. 4. Whether food prepared from such fleah Bhould ha allowod to be consumed, or whether it should be con- fiscated and destroyed. The essays must bo sent in, addressed to the Hou. the Cbiuf Secretary, on or before the 1st February. The Government will appoint three judges to decide on the respective values of the essays, but it reserves to itself tho power to withhold the piomium in the caso of either subject should the essayB be considered unworthy of the premium offered. The essays for which premiums m»y bo awarded will be considered the property of the Government. Mr. Edward Wilson has been 'gazetted a trustee of the Royal-park, ia addition to the number of trustees in whom that park is at piosent vested, as a perm mont reserve for zoological purposes. Professor Neumayer, in return for ominont services rendered to ;tho Boyal Society, has been elected an honorary life member, and the ruloB were suspended to permit of tho motion boing carried by acclamation. Separation Day is one of the few Victorian holidays which uro a good deal honoured in the breach. Upon its thirteenth recurrence the Government offices were of course closed, and many of the principal merchauts re- frained from opening tbeir establishments. The event of tho day was a volunteer parado at Emerald-hill, which was at- tended by upwards of a thousand volun- teers, and ottractod botweon three aud four thousand spectators. Ills Excellency the Go- vernor was present nt the review, together with Lady Darling and Miss Darling. The prizes won at tho fourth meeting of the Victorian Ki tie Association were presonted to tho successful competitor! by Hil Excaltauoy the Governor. The report of the councilor the association was submitted to His Excellency at the same time. It did ires that tho reoeut meeting " affords grounds for congratulation, as showing a marked improvement iu the practice, with military rifles at leait, and a? firovltjg that ritle shooting, o no of tho most mportant elements of national defone, lim taken a firm hold on the cithons of Vic- toria." A filo and volloy firing .nutch, to test the actual merits of the mern ben-of the volunteer companies as marksmen on the field, has taken place at tho Sandridge butts. Twelve companies entered for the match ; and the resulc was, that the two country corps which weie represented-Oa3tlemaino and Bondigo-secured the first and second places. Castlemaine scored 358, and carried off the prize, a challenge cup offered by tho Victorian Rifle Association. Two more days of storm and delude have supported Lieutenant Saxby's charactar as a weather prophet. Saturday, the 16th, was the chief day named in the evil- omen part of tbo weather calendar ; but though not coming np quite to the tempest paint, there was enough of wind, and rain, and bitter cold to satisfy the prediction. Sunday, however, wai a genuino Saxby day," with ita torrents of rain, tempest, und dismal atmosphere. Some of the friends of the late Mr. Braids «started the ptoject of a public monument to his naomory; but as this occaslonud consider- able criticism, the movement of respect has taken the moro modest and appropriate firm by a resolution to erect one over his grave, in the public cemetery. Amongst the signs of social^ progress, wa may montion that the co-operative movement is taking root in our soil. At Castlemaine an association, under the title of the Tem- perance Co-operative Company, is in oourso of formation, to carry on trade as grocers and general dealers, wholesale aud retail, in all such merchandise, and in such places as tho company may from time to time determino, except in wines, spirits, or other intoxicating drinks. The establishment of Denny savings banks has likewise had considerable osten- sión since we last reported. Amandatum'has boen issued by thelioman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne, forbidding collections to be made without his written authority, or appeals from clergymon or others not belonging to tho diocese. The preparation of competition designs for a new Town-hall of Melbourne ha j excltod considerable interest among the architects of Melbourne. Seven sets of designs for tho new vice-regal residence have been delivered to the department of Public Works; and in making a selection, the Government will have tho assistance of a board, to be appointed for tho purpose. Tho Victorian Poultry Society are, we aro informed, doing thuir utmost to make their forthcoming annual show oven more success- ful than its predecessors. Tho public will not only bo able to inspect the bast specimens of the commoner descriptions of faucy poultry, but also thoso of tho rarer breads«, brought hither cither by the Acclimatisation Sicioty, or by gentlemen who delight to enrich the colony by choice importations of birds of different kinds. Wo havo all but lost one of our historic sites. There ia but little left of Batman's-hill now. The top of tho bill is quite romoved, a wide cutting having been made through the middle at the level to which it ia to bo reduced. Nothing now remains but a pirt of the eastern and western slopes, and tho3o aro rapidly lessening as the cutting in the middle continually widens. The earth removed from the hill has already raised a very largo por- tion of tho neighbouring swamp up to the re- quired level, and tho ground thus acquired, together with the area of the hill itself, will make a very extensive addition to tho rail- way premises. A Camden Harbour Pastoral Association has been formed to settle, under the auspices of tho Western Australian Government, tho pastoral and agricultural country arouni Canden Harbour, in latitude 15° 27' 30" south, longitude 124° 30'east. Au expedition, with a capital of £26,0C3, is now organizing in Melbourne to settle the country around Cam don Harbour, and it i« estimated that, with an expenditure of that sum, in the chartering of ships, providing rations, arms, implements, seeds, &c;, and stock, 4,000,000 acros of first class country may be secured to the ad- venturers. "Woods and Carver, the two daring scoun- drels, principals ia the lato attempt to rob the Collingwood bauk, have been sentenced to death ; their associates to fifteen years on the roads. Harrison, the contractor, who shot his paitner Marsh, in front of the offico of tho Board of Works, has bien tried, convicted, and sentenced to death ; but an grave doubt! exist as to his sanity, tho Governrosnt have ordered a medical inquiry as to the state of his mind. THE ANTI-TBANSPORTATION MOVE- MENT. Tho anti-transportation movement has en- tered upon a new phase. The whole question has been re-opencd, and private effort is about to be made to givopractical expression to tho deep-rooted aversion of the colonists to the reception of English orimlnals. Since tho departure of the last mail we havo heard of the rapid passage of the Penal Servitude Bill through the House of Lords. We have heard that Ministers have oharac-' terized the wrongs complained of by the Eastern Colonies as imaginary grievances. We have learned also that tho transportation party in Western Australia-a section of a mere handful of peoplo-have been stirred by events here, and are now endeavouring to obtain signatures toa petition in favour of a continuance of the system. People, too, have been aroused to a sense of the real danger of their posilion by the daring outrages com- mitted by Sydney bushrangers on our own borders, and by the trial of the expirée rob- bers of tho Collingwood bank. At this junc- ture Mr. Edward Wilson, a gentleman whoso name is idontified with tho movemont, has stepped forwaid and undertaken the respon- sibility of action. Individually, but co-ope- rating with those who may desire to assist in the work, Mr. Wilson has pledged himself to provide funds to ship back again to Eng- land some of the expirée convicts who havo been forced upon us. lu a letter published in The Argus of Wednesday, the 20oh of July Mr. Wilson says : " I, for one, have had ouough of it. Thora is a point ia a contest at which farther dis- cussion degenerates into childishness. Thoro is a limit at which potitlon, address and re- monstrance dwindle into slavishnoss. For more than twenty yours I have watchod and shared in this anti-transportation struggle, and I think it quite timo that it should bo brought to a conclusion. I can form no con- jecture ns to what tho Government, the Legis- lature, or tbo League consideis it desirable to do. But, as a private colonist, I conceivo that tho time is como for action. I find the feeling participated iu by others ; to what extent 1 do not know. Lut with many asso- ciates, with a few, or alone, I shall bjgin to tako decided steps to show that what wo have been talking about so long I havo been quite in earnest about all tho time. "It seems to me that wo are not oaly bsiug disgraced in the eyes of tho world by a pusil- lanimous tone upon a most vital subject, but that between two fires we are in circum- stances of estreme dangor. Upon ono sido we huvo Western Australia-a moro cesspool for tho reception of the most desperate felons of the mother country. On the other we havo New South Wales and tiverina, over which men Uko Moigan and Ben Hill rulo with a rod of iron-in which polico protection is be- coming a mere joke, and sympathy with tho outlaw is showing itself so widely diffused that even Italian brigandage seems likely to be improved upon. " Soparated by nn arbitrary boundary, wo cannot hold our own against such inflnoncos. If wo succeed in doing so now, we shall fail in tho next generation. Outrages of the Bound-hill Btamp will como down to meot thoso of the Collingwood bank complexion, and our rising youth will mora and mora de- sire to emulate tho chivalrous deeds of the bink-rohbor, station-burner, and bushranger, A couutry sinking into this condition is either a country to leavo or a country to be fought for. And as I, for one. havo no inton tion of leaving Australia, I look round and deliberately select some other alternativo. Tho new Imperial bill, based upon tho report of the Commissioners, though nat adopt- ing all their suggestions, 1b steadily passing through its stages. The Secretary of State, with a flourish of trumpets, summons us to ba thankful that ha sonds us only 000 con- victs a year instead of nil. Your special cor- respondant at Western Australia has proved incontestably that three-fifths of this num- ber mako their way to ' the other side,' meaning South Australia and Victoria; eo that oach year about 3G0 of these rufiians aro being poured upon us. Considering the superior attractions of this colony, probably 300 of them may eventually make their way hero, any one of whom may be as bad as Gardiner, Morcjan, Hall, Woods, or Barrett." " With Buch reinforcements it is almost hopeless to strangle effectually with the criminal class. Indeed, the day may easily come in which that class will get the unpor hand. And the system of terrorism which now paralyses tho law across the Murray may place us at the mercy of such men, aud sym- pathy with thom may lead to our cheering the acquittal of notorious murderers in our metro- politan courts. If wo aro to do any good, wa must first stop tho desolating stream of felonry. It will then bo comparatively oasy work to cow tho existing hurd of desparadues. " Whatever course others may decide upon, then, I Bfaall begin to act No form of argu- ment of which our languago is capable will convince the English people that our opposi- tion is anything more than an affected ona, or based upon imaginary evils. Prejudice luna too strongly against us, and worda aro thrown away. But our countrymen at home are a pinctical-minded people, with a great love of factr, and I shall take steps to prenant them with a few. I shall set to work to carry out as far as I can tho scheme that has been talked of since 1818, and which should have been adopted then. I shall begin to send home some of the worst specimens of tho expirée clafs that I can induce to g >, and I shall continue to do so as l>ng ai I have the means to do it witt), and the convict stream flows hltherward from Great Britain. My modus optrandi will he a very simple one. I shall advertise for offers to emigrate to England, select the worse men I can get, leaving tho whole arrangements in the hands of a respectable solicitor. Tho shipping agents or owners will be, as a matter of course, warned of the one or two such men that may go by any ship ; the captain will bo placed upon his guard ; and each man shall sign an agreement to submit to irons for the rest of tho voyage for any offence he may commit on board. Such a man is free. Ho has as much right to go to Englund ai any of us. Nothing but an act of Parliament can stop him. If he should risk a little in tho too liberal construction of a conditional pardon, the penalty, if discovered, is his. " If nnyono still seeks a j ustitication of such a course, I point to Round- hill-to a drunken ruffian filing promiscuously amongst unarmed men-to the pursuit and slaughter of poor M'Lean-to the police officer shot like a dog while attempting to do his duty-to tho un- doubted fact that half Riverina is at this moment cowed and dominated by this man ; and pointing to all this in one direction, 1 point in another to England cruelly supple- menting these hoBts of Bcoundrela by a regu- lar supply. "I believo that we are justified in tho eyes of God and mun in resorting to any Btepj to bring this great wrong to au end. Great Britain has Tong enongli harried us with the murderer, the burglar, ond the bushranger. "We are not only justified, but bound, to try the effeotof ¡jiving reality to hor improBslons on the colonial aspect of tho question." Mr. Wilson's proposition has not been long enough before the public to enable an opinion to be formed as to the amount of support it is likely to receive. It was not to bo sup- posed that it would meet with unanimous iuvour. A portion of tho press has declared against it, alleging that the scheme is unworkable On tho other baud, somo of the country journals are now writiuK in its favour, and the assurances of sup- port from private colonists of wealth and influença are numerous and practical. Two donations of £100 each have been re- ceived, besides smaller sums, and offers to sub- scribe £50, .or lesser amouute, annually, and to i>rovlde for the shipping home of the first expirées sent, have also flowed in. It appears, therefore, that the experiment will not bo limited to the extent of Mr.Wilson's rcoourcas. Not only will it be tried, but apparently on a tolerably large scale. Whether tho Anti-Transportation Loaguo will co-operate with Mr. Wilson, adopt tho scheme, and so give it a national charaotor, remains to be seen. A meeting of tho Cen- tral Committee of tho League was held on Friday, tho 22nd inst., but, as the members had not been summoned specially to con- sider tho important question, it was resolved to adjourn until Wednesday next-tho day after tho doparturo of the mail-whon a decision will bo arrived at. THE ACCLIMATISATION DINNER. The second experimental dinner given under the auspices of the Victorian Acclima- tisation Society took place on Wednesday the 6th inst. at Scott's Hotel, and proved signally successful. About sixty gentlemen assembled on the occasion, under the presi- dency of Mr. Edward Wilson. The viands included almost everything that could be obtained in the shape of " creature comforts," and enabled the company to institute a full and fair comparison between indigenous and imported dainties. Australian bandicoot, wombat, and teal were discussed simul- taneously with English venison, pheasant, and bare, all of which are now fairly established in the country. A saddle of kangaroo was cut concurrently with a saddle of prime Leicester mutton, forty-five pounds in weight. John Dory, frog pasty, and Chi- nese lamb were among the other novelties. Several of the dishes were furnished by the neighbouring colonies. There was Tasmanian fish, Murray turtle, and Moreton Bay vege- tables and fruit. The liquids, like the solids, came from all points of the compass. There was catawba from America, and there were European and Australian wines of the choicest vintages. But for further information on this head the reader must be referred to the ac- companying BILL OF FARE. Sydney rock oysters, soups. Turtle. | Australian wild turkey. Oyster. | Kangaroo tail. Bisque of Murray lobster, FISH Boiled Murray cod and shrimp sauce. Fillet of whiting au gratin. Fillet of soles à l'orlis. Grilled mullet à la maitre d'hotel. Matelotte of eels. Guardfish. Gipps Lanel perch à la Nanteuse. Yan Yean eels à la Tartare. Murray perch à la Chambord. Boiled black fish, sauce Genoise. Flounders à la Normande. Fillet of trumpeter au turban. John Dory. ENTREES. Vol au vent of frogs. Chartreuse bronze-winged pigeon. Fricandeau of wombat and spinach. Cutlet of venison, sauce mushrooms, Fillet of black duck, sauce orange. Curried bandicoot. Civet of vonison. Paroquot patties. Salmis of teal aux truffes. Wild rabbit à la chasseurs. COLD. Aspic of native pigeon. Galatine of turkey. Boar's head. Wild Goulburn pig. Chinese goose. Wood duck. Ham braisé, Madeira sauce Barwon Park rabbits. Mayonaise of fowl. | Chaud froid of game | Do. do. spring chicken. | Aspic d'escalop of rabbit | Cold hams-Cold tongues. BOILED. Boiled rabbits, Barwon Park, celery sauce, Boiled turkey, celery sauce. ROASTS. Saddle of Chinese mutton. | Chinese lamb with pilaw. | Guinea fowl. | Spring chicken. | Cape Barren goose. | Haunch of venison. Saddle of kangaroo. GAME. Pheasants. | Wild turkey. Hare. | Black duck. Native companion. | Plover. Wood duck. | Wombat. Bandicoot. | Widgeon. Teal. | Mallee hen. Wattle bird. | Quail. VEGETABLES IN SEASON. Queensland yams, sweet potatoes. SWEETS. Corbeilles gaines. | Biscuit of almonds. | Swiss meringues. | Savoy orange biscuits. | Apple tarts. | Chartreuse of fruits. | Dansic jelly. | Apples of rice meringue. | Darling pudding. | Fondu au Parmesan. | Neapolitan cakes. | Blanc mange à la Mos- covie. Pine-apple baignet, Parisian Charlottes. Madeira jelly. Compote apricot of Chan- tilly. Meringue of cream. Custards. Victorian pudding. Macaroni au gratin. OMELET SOUFLET. Cerito ice pudding. | Strawberry ice cream. Coffee WINES. AUSTRALIAN WINES. SOUTH AUSTRALIA Hermitage. | Erlann. Mataro. | Tokay. Verdelho. | Malvoisie. Reisling. NEW SOUTH WALES. Hock. | Kaludah. Frontinac. | Cawarra. Muscatel. | Cawarra, red, Red Dalwood. FOREIGN WINES Chablis. Madeira. Clicquot champagne. Deinhard and Jordain's sparkling hock. Burgundy. Deinhard and Jordain's still hock. White Hermitage. Amontillado sherry. Gold Campbell's port. Claret. Chateau Lafitte claret. A number of the comestibles were the gift of gentlemen friendly to the cause of acclima- tisation. The after-dinner proceedings were very in- teresting. Governor Sir Charles Darling, in acknowledging the drinking of his health, said, although he had been able to do but little in the cause of acclimatisation, be was thoroughly sensible of the great advantages which every community must derive from an interchange of the products of the earth and of the arts by which those products were turned to good account. The Chairman, in proposing the toast of " The Legislature of Victoria," referred to the as- sistance which that body had given to the work of acclimatisation. The toast was re- sponded to by the Hon. J. P. Bear, for the Legislative Council, and by Mr. W. C. Haines, for the Lower House. The latter gentleman expressed the hope that the Legis- lature would always evince a desire to ad- vance the cause of acclimatisation, because he believed the history of the successful colo- nisation of this country to be the history of acclimatisation. The next toast was " The Acclimatisation Society of France, and its president, M. Drouyn de Lhuys," in pro- posing which the Chairman observed that the Acclimatisation Society of Victoria had ever since its formation received an amount of co-operation, friendship, and kindly inter- change of feeling from the Acclimatisation Society of France which was highly gratifying. It had also received the most handsome pre- sents, and every information which it was possible for the Acclimatisation Society of France to give ; in fact, that society had treated the Victorian Acclimatisation Society rather as a pet child than as a society organ- ized amongst a people foreign to themselves. The toast was acknowledged (in the absence of the Comte de Castlenau, French Consul) by M. Henri Follet, who gave in return, "The Acclimatisation Society of Great Britain, with its President, the Duke of Newcastle, and other kindred Societies ;" to which Mr. L. Mac- kinnon and Mr. S. H. Bindon replied. The Governor proposed, " The Acclimatisation Society of Victoria, and its President, Mr. Edward Wilson," remarking, that the success which had attended the opera- tions of the society furnished abundant cause for congratulation. He considered that if many of the articles included in the bill of fare for the present entertainment could only be acclimatised in other lands, great general good would be accomplished. His Excellency added that the society had succeeded in ac- complishing the acclimatisation, not simply of creature comforts, but also of the art of cookery. The Chairman, in returning thanks, invited those who had any doubt whatever as to the society's usefulness to in- quire into its operations. Dr. Madden pro- posed "The Friends of Acclimatisation who have advanced the cause by private enter- prise," and in so doing referred to the efforts of Mr. A. J. Duffield in connexion with the introduction of the alpaca, and of Mr. T. Austin, in importing game. Mr. Duffield, in acknowledgement, said, although his attempt to introduce the alpaca into Victoria on a largo scale had failed, it was not from any fault on his part, or on the part of the gentlemen who were associated with him in the enterprise. They had failed, but their failure was to be the cause of a future experi- ment, based on better experience, and out of which would, no doubt, issue a great and permanent result. The Government of Vic- toria had announced to him their inten- tion of recommending the Legislature to give a premium of £10,000 for the introduction of 1,000 alpacas. He had accepted that proposi- tion, and he had no doubt that when it was submitted to the Legislature it would meet with their approbation. He should await the result of that proposition being submitted to the Legislature, and he had no doubt that it would eventuate in his return, in a very short time, to Peru, to superintend-this time in per- son-the collection of the flocks of alpacas, the marching them down to the coast, and the shipping of them and bringing them to this colony. Mr. Austin stated that this year he had reared about 100 pheasants, and, amongst other things, he had been successful in the breeding of blackbirds, thrushes, and hares. Several of the members of the Accli- matisation Society had had the pleasure of shooting some of the birds which he had reared. The final toast was, " Mr. J. A. Youl and the other promoters of the great salmon experiment," which was drunk with enthu- siastic applause, and which elicited from the Chairman some most encouraging remarks as to the progress of the young salmon. THE BECENT FLOOD. Within the last weok tbo River Yarra has swollen into a flood which, from its hoight, the extent of country submerged, and the damago occasioned in Melbourno and its suburbs, is second only to the great flood of last December. The wcathor for soino weeks prior to the middle of tho present month was unuBually fino for midwinter, and the quan- tity of rain which fell during that time was very small. About tho loth wo woro visited with many squally showors from the south, and early on Sunday mowing, the 17th inst., a steady rainfall set in from the same quarter. This continued without the least intermis- sion until Mondny morning, and thoa after a Bhort cessation recommonced, and lo6tcd until twelve o'clock on Monday night. The wind, which had by that, time drawn round to north-west, advanced,' by mid-day on Tuesday, to north, and reached a hw points to tho eastward of north in tho course of the day. On Tuesday morning, the rain had ceased, and tJthough at times, on that and the following day, tho clouds again looked lowering, and a spilnkling Bhowar or two passed over, the quantity of rain whioh after- wards fell wns inconsiderable. The rain during Sunday was very constant, but was not heavy ; and overyono was sur- prised to hear, on Monday morning, that tho river was rising very rapidly. Tho most Borl ous apprehonsions soon arose that, if tho rain lnsted for another day or two, a flood would bo produced which would cause a recurrence of calamities and disasters similar to those which made last December a memorable month in our annals. Tho gradual liso of the river was maintained throughout the doy, its ordinary winter's lovel was soon far surpassed, its banks were soon submorged, ana the broad yellow flood again spread wide over the low flats which flank tho margin of the river opposite to and below tho city. A turbulent torrent speedily covered tho south- ern approach to Princo's-bridge, as it Bought a short cut to the seo, and the flat ground be- tween Melbourno andEmerald-hill was covered with one broad sheet of water, which lay deop upon tho Sandridge-road, and left only the tops of the fences visible above the surface. The rope factory, kerosene works, soap factory, chemical works, and other industrial establish- ments, situated upon this flat, were all sur- rounded by deep water, and the unfortunate inhabitants of Yarra-bank were all driven, from their homes by the invading flood. In the middle of the day on Monday trofiio was suspended upon the St. Kilda-road, and upon the Sandridge-road some hours after. Higher up the river a large amount of damage was caused in the low-lying parts of Eichmond, which suffered so sevorcly by tha December flood. A largo number of the oc- cupants of houses in this locality wero flooded, from their homes, and tho vivid recollection left by tho losses and miseries endured ia Decembor caused many to remove their families and moveables from residences situated far above tho level attaiucd by tho flood. All the private gardens upon tho banks of this part of the river suffered more or less by tho deep rushing torront, by which thoir lower ends woro submerged. Cremorno-gardons wero largely devastated, and tho fences at the river side carried away ; and a largo portion of tho Botanic-gardens has been again flooded. Many of tho proprietors | of brickfields upon the river's banks and in. the flats havo had thoir places inundated, and will bo losers to a large extont by tho flood washing away or destroying their rows of bricks ready for burning. The tanneries and wool-washing establishments at this part hiivo also been flooded, and in somo cobos coneidcinble damage has been occasioned. Still further up, at tbo little township of Heidelberg, a largo amount of loss was causod. hy numerous market gardens aird small faimsin the locality being flooded at a timo when thoy are all undor crop. At this part tho river rose sixteen fcot between six o'clock on Sunday morning and daylight on Monday. At tho timo when tho flood was at tho highest, it was about three feet below the level of lho great flood of Decombor. But, with that exception, it bos beon tbo most disastrous of nny that have occurrod at Mol- bourno since tho city lins been foundod. Ita height wns possibly not greator tbnn that of the once famous flood of 1849, hut the damuga to proporty on tho pro sent occasion has been infinitely larger. If tho extent of country submorgod has been about equal in both instances, a great deal of it which in 1819 was uninhabited and unowned, is now occupied by tho homes of a largo population, or by establishments connected with various industries and manu- factures. Two circumstances contributed to prevent tho river from reaching so high a mark as that attained in December. These wero the fact that tha broaches then mode in tho southern embankment of tho river having never beon ropalred, tho water found a ready outlet into tho Sandridgo lagoon, and tho wind, whioh on Sunday and Monday morning blew from the south and Bouth-west, .veered round later in the day to west and .west-north-west, thus no longer ooting in opposition to the direction of the current. Although, as we have mentioned, tramo upon some linea of communication was sus- pended by the flood, it is fortunate that we have been spared the very great inconve- nience which was produced in December by tbe stoppage of the Hobson's Bay aud St. Kilda railways, which connect Melbourne ?with three of its principal Buburba. But on Friday afternoon tho wash of the flood at one part of the Sandridge lina having effected a serious breach in the roadway, traffic had to be stopped for a time until the damage could bo made good. However, the ob- struction was only temporary, the repairs were soon completed, and, luckily, the level of the water on the Sandridga-roid hod by this time so far lowered as to allow traffic to be resumed upon it. Tho St. Kilda road, where a boat ferry had beon at work since Monday, did not become passable until Saturday, and it was then seen that very serious injury had been done to the roadway. There is no doubt that the timely stoppage of trrffic upon these roads prevented a repetition of the accidents which occurred at the last flood, and it is fortunate that, whatover may he the damage done to property by the pre- sent one, no lives have been lost during its continuance. ' The river for some timo lowered but very slowly. On Friday night, four days after the rain had ceased, it had only fallen two feet below the level reached at Prince's-bridge on Monday night. But upon Saturday its fall was much more rapid, and upon Sunday after- noon it had fallen four feet below the line of highest flood. When the first alarm produced by the flood of laBt December had passed bv, many people, remembering that it was fourteen years since a flood had occurred of anything like similar magnitude, looked upon it as an occurrence which might never take placa again-at nay rate, a like inundation might not visit us for fourteen years more. The old feeling of habitual unthinking security soon recovered from its temporary uneasinosB, and although some active projectors worked out various plans for preventing a recurrence of the calamity, and submitted them to the public and to the Government, they were taken but little notice of, and the teachings of ex- perience and the warnings of individuals were soon forgotten or unheeded. But this recent visitation has shown that to this calamity we are alwoys liable. Twico within seven months have numbera of families been diiven from their homes, main lines of communication stopped, and property io an immense value damaged or destroyed ; and a great deal of dissatisfaction has been publicly expressed. Mud y different projects for the prevention of iheso disasters are now again brought forward, all of which may be arranged in two classes, viz., those which propose by the removal of obstructions in the river or by the formation of an outlet to the hay at S ind lidge, to facilitate the escapa of the waters, instead of permitting them, us at present, to overflow the banks und flood the city ; and those which propose, by cutting a channel from the river up some distance above Mel- bourne direct to tho sea, or into the large swamp below the city, to convey the flojd water away without its having to flow past Melbourne at all. The feeling is now very prevulent that some thoroughgoing remedial measures must bo adopted, and the question of" the advisability of summoning a public meeting of citizens to uige this necessity upon the Government, will come on for discussion before tho City Council to-day. THE GOLD-FIELDS. We have no changes of any especial im- portance in regard to the production of «old to report. For many months paít^tho miners have been steadily employed, without being much disturbed by the news of great rushes or discoveries, either within our own territory or in any of tho neighbouring gold-bearing countries, and such is their condition still. So great aro the hardships ti be endured on tho New Zealand gold-fields during the winter, even in those of the moro northern part of the middle island, whore, if the cold is not so se- vere, the rain is constnntand heavy enough to iuterfero materially both with>woik and com- fort, that the return stream 'of minors still flows hitherward pretty strongly, although accounts from Otago aro more favourable again. The last new lead of any consequence opened here- that found a couple of months smco at Majorca-is turning out well, an i has quite restored the popularity of a placa which was almobt deEerted on the working out of the old lead thero. Of the new rushes which have taken place within tho last few weeks none promise to assume a scale of maguitude; still these afford occupation to several hundreds of men in all, aud it is butter that the miners Bhould be thus distributed than collected together in thousands at oue spot. At a few of the older places population is steadily increas- ing, as, for inatauce, ut Daylesford, aroun j which town deep-sinking is steadily extend- ing, although the leads ara not so ricli by a long woy as the deep leads of Ballarat. Mount Greenock, too, is now occupied by a lurga number of men, and the deeper the sinking becomes there the moro extnusi've do the de-pobits of gold appear to bo. The clear- ing of tracks aud marking out of roads bj twten the different sottleinenta forme«! within the lust}ear or two among the mono tains to the (.astward had just Tendered the exploration of these regions compara- tively ea-iy when tho snow began to fall, aad full warning was given that winter wai not the time when the facilities thus affoidod could be tuken much advantage of. The dis- coveries made, however, by the patty of mea engaged at this work have Hinca beim followed np by the finding of several moro reefs near the exceedingly rich one named tho Pioneer, at the Crooked Uiver, on the Gipps Land sido of the range; and the report of the loader of the party, Mr. M'MUlau, who first took stock through theEO ranges to Gipps Land, in tho olden times, Bhowa that he ha-3 opened paths through much auiiferous country, parts of which will doubtitss prove to ba fully as rich ns those already tuken up in thooO regions. Hoads, pasEable for drays, have been mnrkuel out through tracts of country beforo imprac- ticable even for pack-horses ; and, as a proof that the value of such services is duly acknowledged, Mr. M'Millan has been en- gaged to clear anil ra uko dray roads from Sale to Wood's Point, and fioin Sala to H txriut villo, ns soon a9 the weather will admit of such work beim? resumed. Thus, intarcourjo will bo rendered direct and easy bstwaen tho chief places ou both sides of the ranges ; and üb the roads already cleared are principally along the creBts of tho-ie ridges, thora will for the future be no serious di fflcultyiu transport- ing cither provisions or machinery to any point where fresh discoveries may ho m*de-a matter of no little consequence, as will appoir from the fact that tho population at aud near the Crooked Uiver had inuraosed from 153 to at IeaBt ten times that numbar within a very few weeks of the opening of the Pioneer Rsof. Such was the result of one discovery, at a most unfavourable season of the year ; and this may serve to indicate what hbb will be made of the new roads when summer sots in. In consequence of tho increase in the num- ber of people among the mountaiuH, many more new reefs are found each month, or wo might even say eaoh week, than there used to be ; but machinery has to be erectol beforo gold oan ba obtained from thu3u, bo it will be soma time yet before thoy are of any benefit to the country. Particulars «ra seldom published no v of tna yields obtained from the Wood's Point reefs, so we can ouljr say of these, in general teran, that tho yield is still large. The once famous Inglewood reefs are now mostly workoJ down to tho water lovel, but a lUeorushlng of 8"i_ tons from one of them produced 60S )z. Wa used often to have largo yiulds from the rocf-i In the M'Ivor district to annouiic-1, and u lot of Eovcn tons from one of tha roufs ia It latoly produced 149o¡s., and five toni from another ISöjz. Hustler's Reef, in the Bandlgo district, bus produced the íargmt calce of amalgamated gold seen for Boina timo past here, weighing 70ûoz., as tho result of ona week i work in a claim on it ; the yield for tho week before from tho same claim having been 814oz. Another company of men obtained 423jz. ödwt. for ten days' work in their claim on Johnson's Reof, in the same district ; nnd the y ¡edd gene rally from the reefs in it shows no falling off. In the Castlemaine district the yield is mora modcfatt», but is well maintained ; anil a trlil is now being uiado at Castlemaine of a pateut firocees for the extraction of gold from tail ogs, or finely-pounded quartz, by the aid of chlorine. The piocess has bien ttuccosaful in extracting the gold, but it has got to ba prove 1 that this agent can bo usod with economy. In tho Ballarat ilislrict, tho Koli l-nnor U still at the head of thudcep lead companies, having paid dividends of £18 for one fortnight and £72 for the other during the mooth, clear of tho reserves for the payment of legal ani other expense?, TheNolson Company paid £-M for onefortnight, and£15for tuo other; aud the dividends of tho Cosmopolitan Company wera £20 and £18, of the Oro it Eïtendel Company £10 and £12, and of the Priaca of Wales Company £20, for each of the two periods respectively. One nugget of good Biza was found during the month. This weighs 138oz. 13dwt. 12gr., and is the largest that has yet boen found at Creswick. One woighing fifty-five ounces was found at Scars- dale, and two-ona fifty-four ounces »ad the other twenty-three ounces-in the AU-Euglaad Company's claim, at Sulky Gully, Raywood has furnished its usual numbsr of contribu- tions of this kind, the largest of theso weigh- ing respectively-15oz. ,24oz., 2Ó3Z., 28oz, and 30uz. One of 28az. was also fouud at Cathcart ; and two at Kingower, one weighing 29jz. and the other 30jz. AGRICULTURE. The winter has been hitherto fine, and most favourable for agricultural operations except in the comparatively limited tract of country visited by the heavy rains which caused the floods of last week. These wore, however, partial, falling principally on the mountains, and the Yarra appears the only river in whioh the flood was very high. The farmers and market-gardeners tilling the rich fiais along its banks have again had their crops destroyed for the third or fourth time withia a short period. In all the principal districts, the crops promise well on such land as has been sown, but it will take more than one good season to restore confidence again in those districts which Buffered most severely from rust and blight. The deficiency of tho wheat crop at lust harvest has caused an early aud steadily increasing demand from several of the country districts on Melbourne for flour, which has had of course to be met by importation, and was the cause of flour be- coming higher than it should ever have boen hero attain. Thesa high prices helped to make up for tho deficiency in tho yiold to thoso who had wheat to sell, but now prices are rapidly going downward again, nnd if the shipments from Valparaiso should be as large as we are threatened with, the farmer will get but a moderate price for his grain next year. The fear of this has deterred many fiom sowing wheat, and other kinds of grain do not offer any greater inducement, for both oats and barley are much lower than thoy were expaoted to bs j tho former on account of the large quantity grown last year, and the latter because of the low price at which imported malt has beon lately told. Ona result of this state of things is a great increaeo in the quantity of home- made dairy produce; and if pleuro-pneumonia will but leave us cows enough, there will be little need of imported butter for the future, except in tho heat of summer, when fresh butter cannot bo well got up for market, and the supply; of colonially-cured is not adequate to lequirements. The disease mentioned has of lata assumed a milder form, and is not committing serious ravages just at present in any part of our territory, the deaths being principally confined to cows and work- ing bullocks m low condition, as has been the case for scvoral months past. The stock gene- rally is in una order, owing to the abundant and unfailing supply of grass in all parts of the country for so long a time without inter- mission, and we may promise the manufac- turers at home another clip of wool as well grown and strong in the staple as was the last. The lambing has also been good, and the per- centage of increase large. The time is coming round again for the Bpring shows of stock, and several are to be held noxt month. A proposal for a show of wo ?1, open to all the Australian colonies, has originated with one of tho pastoral societies, to which several of our leading sheep breeders beloag, and they have voted ¿50 towards the amount that will be required for priz;s. This is in- tended to be about £300, and prizes are to be offered both for washed and unwashed wool, each entry to consist of two bales, one of these to be kept in Melbourne for exhibition, and the other to ba sent to London for Bale, the prizes to ha awarded according to tho prices realized there. Thus the manu- facturers of England would be in point of fuct the judges, and the scheme will doubtless be carried out with spirit, espe- cially as there is not to be an intercolonial show of Bheep this year. The annual meeting of the Port Philip Farmers' Swiety was held this month, and the report shows a decided improvement in financial affairs. This, aud the infusion of new blood into the committee of Hiauagemeutgtve hope that our Melbourne society iu not to fall from its leading position, as was at one time feared. A proposition for the establishment of a national Bociety is to bo brought before the Board of Agriculture at the first meeting next month after the aunual election of members"; but this is not likely to bo carried, as the spirit of jealousy which has led Borne of the members to entertain the idea will cause many more to oppose it, leaving out of right entiroly the fact that the proposal is altogether premature. An agricultural so- cioty, woithy of the name of national, would of course have to hold BhowB ia différant districts in succession ; but away from the railways, there are not sufficient facilities for the transport of oither visitors or exhibits, and the cost of erecting new yards every year would be far too heavy an item of expsndl turo in proportion to the good to be effected, or tho amount of support to be expected. In obedience to the wishes of the Assembly, four premiums of £160 each havo been offered by Government for essays on the following sub- jects, namely:-lBt. Pleuro-pnoumonia ; its causes, symptoms, pathology, &c;, with hints iib to its treatment. 2ud. Scab; it3 causes, sjmptoms, &c;, with the best modo of treatment and eradication. 3rd. As to the possibility of determining by inspection whether an animal has died or been slaughtered, or whether it had been subject to the above or any o thor disease before its death ; and 4th, as to whether food prepared from the flesh of diseased animals should bo allowed to be consumed, or whether this flesh should not bj confi icated and destroyed. Many porsonB here are becoming fully alivo to the mischief caused by the sale of unwholesomo meat, certain complaints and ailments in tho human being manifestly keeping pica with the development of diseaso amongst our sheep nnd cattle; and it is doubtless judicious to offer an inducement for the publication of any knowledge that may be obtained ; but it is questionable if we have any essay writers capable of throwing much further light on these subjects. THE NEW ZEALAND WAB. There is still no uppearanca of a speedy termi- nation to the Now Zealand war. This month, however, wo have to record a success which goes far to compensate for tho reverse our arms sustained at the Gato Pa. After that engagement the Maories were immeasurably elated. Tho loader of the East Cjast tribes, Rowiri, sent a written challenge to the com- mander of the troops at Tauranga, a chival- rous production, of which the following is a literal translation:-"Now hear what we have to say. Wo have beau walting for you to come and attack us for a wholo month, but you have not come ; and now we aro coming to you. Wo give you warnlug, therefore, that jon may oxpoct to see me within the month, and not to lot any of your soldiers out, for onr young men will certainly shoot thom. We give you warning that you may not say it is murder, for it won't be murder." The Maories, 60 enger for tho fray, did not have to wait long. On the 21st June, Colonel Greer, the officer in charge of tho forces at Tauranga, received information that tho enemy ware entrenching themselves at a i-pot four miles ¡aland from the scene of the late eng-igement. Colonel Greer marched out to the placo with an Arm- strong gun, a six-pounder, and 000 uien of the d8rd and GSth, and 1st Waikato Militia (Vic- torian volunteors) Regiments, and found that the enemy had commenced tho erecttou of a now pa on a narrow nock of laud, surrounded on three sides by deep gullies, and completely commanding tho Tauranga road. All that had been done, howevor, was to construct a single lino of rifle-pit*. Tho Mairies asíumod the' offensive themselves, their skirmishers firing biiBkly on the troops as thoy advanced across the plain. Tho skirmishers were, how- ever, soon driven in, nail Colonel Greer ex- tended his ineu, placod his gun in position 600 ynrds from tho pits, anil maintuluoda sharp fire for two hours, whilo he sent for re- inforcements. As soon as tho reinforceinonts woic sufficiently near to give support tho ad- vance was sounded, and, with a cheor which made the hills ring again, tho 43rd, the 03th, and the Waikato Militia, rushed forward to tbo position. Tho Maories reeeivod thom with a heavy volley, and Btood their ground well. The troops dashed into tho pits, and it han 1 to-hnnd encounter took place. It was not of long duration. The soldiorí, determined ti remove tha stain the Gate Pa repulse had cast upon them, need tho bayonet with effect, nnd three or four minutes siw the Mtories flying to tho gullies, pursuod by bath cavalry and iufuutty. Tho former followod them for a distance of ten miloä, and 'with their breech-loading carbines did good service, though owing to the swamps and gullies with which tha district abounds tliev could not prevent the escape of the main body of the enemy. Sixty-eight Maories were killed in tbo rifle-pits, ona altogether 107 bodies were collected. Twenty-seven wounded men were also brought in, and ten other priEoners. Among the killed wero Rawiri, tho leader of tha Maories at the Gate Pa, and Henare Taratoa, the writer of Rawiri'a chal- lenge to the troops, a man much respected for his ability and education. Many mora Maories must have been kiiled in tha ravines, where it was not possible for the troops to find them. The English loss was comparât! voly trifling. Nine mea wero killed, aud thirty- nine -wounded. Amongst tho wounied aro Captain F. A. Smith and Captain H. Ber- nards, of the 43rd, and Captain R. W. T. Trent. Captain T. Casement, Lleutenaut H. I. R. V. Stuart, and Ensign W. H. F. Palmer. The engagement will be severely felt hy the East Coast tribes, but it has far from broken their spirit. The latest advices report that they are erecting another pa in a strong position farther back. It was said that Colonel Greer would attempt, also, to storm this work. Rowi and William Thompsou, the leading rebol chiefs, wera in the neigh- bourhood of Tauranga during the fight, in- tending to attack the place should the soldiers be repulsed. The guns of the corvette Esk wore trained on the camp, and every prepa- ration made to give the enemy a warm recep- tion. As matters turned out, however, the wily Thompson declined testing the iäsue. The film and vigorous, but conciliatory, policy of the New Zealand Government is already producing good fruits. Mr, Fox, tho Colonial Secretary, has just receivod the alle- giance of Wi Tako, a powerful chieftain of the Wellington district, who had raised the King flag, trained men, and threatened to destroy the peace the southern part of the island is now enjoying. The New Zealand authorities aro taking active steps to place the military Bottlers o a the conquered soil. The 1st Waikato Militia aro to bo located at Tauranga, and the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th regiments in tha heart of tho Waikato country. This plan will effectually cut tho rebels off from their accustomed source of supplies. MURDEROUS OUTRAGES IN NEW SOUTH WALES. Our last month's summary contained some account of a series of atrocities perpetrated in the adjoining colony of New South Wales by hands of desperadoes, known by the com- paratively mild term of "bushrangers." An ou h age of a most diabolical character had just been committed at the Bound-hill Station, in the Goulburn district, by a ruffian named Morgan. It will bs remembered that, armed with a couple of revolvers, Morgan mustered together all the men on the station eleven-and, after compelling them, to tfrink four bottles of spirits, which he had previously made tho overseer of the Btation produce, ho fired several shots amongst the party, and then rode off on horseback Into the bush. Ono of the men received a severe wound, which broke one of his legs, and the overseer was slightly wounded. Shortly afterwards Morgan deliberately shot a man named M'Leon, who had followed him flimply-in- credible ub it may appear-to ask permission to go for a doctor for ono of the wounded men. M'Leau died instantaneously. It seems very surprising that eleven men should havo calmly submitted to such a mur- derous attack, and that no attempt was made to capture the assassin. Whother it is to be attributed to fear or any other circumstanos, there can bo no doubt that the maraudors who have long infested many of the country districts of New South Wales meet with con- siderable sympathy from one clas3 of the population. Though their name is a terror to the respectable settlers, and their doods more daring and reckless thau those of Italian banditti, they have, when pursued by the police, seldom failed to find safety aud pro- tection. The peculiarly cold-blooded and dastardly nature of the Bound-hill tragedy has, however, roused the authorities to actiou. The Government offered a reward of £1,000 for the body of Morgan, dead or alive, aud two or three detachments of police, as well as volunteers, started offin pursuit of the brigand. As yet, however, ho has defied all the efforts to captura bim, and has added to his list of murders by shooting one of his pursuers. It oppears thut Sergeant M'Ginnerty and Trooper Ctutchley came upon Morgan accidentally, riding quietly on a road in the neighbourhood of Copaballa. Immediately upon seeing the officers, Morgan turned round to M Ginnerty, who chanced to be nearer to him than his companion, and said " You are one of those b- wretches looking for bushrangers," aud at tho same moment ho fired a revolver, the ball of which entered M'G-innorty's breast. The unfortunate man's horao tjok flight, aud ran with him into the bush. Crutchley both let Morgan escape and left his wounded comrade to take care of himself. He made his way to Tumberumba, and re- ported what had occurred. Ho has not given any reason for not firing at Morgan, except that his horso bolted ; and he says that ho tried to follow M'Ginnerty, but his horse re- fused to go in the right direction. It is stated that he has been placed under arrest, and will bo tried for cowardice and neglect of duty. Next day M'Ginnerty's dead b jjy was found on the road whero he was shot, a mailman having had his attention drawn to the spot by seeing the deceased's hat ia tho middle of tho road. The most extraordinary part of this shocking narrative is, that it is almost certain- from the murtal character of the wound, which produced almost instant death, the direction taken hy the horse, and the fact that Morgan was afterwards Been with M'Ginnerty's horse, saddlo, aad arms- that he conveyed the body to the position in which it was found, and placed tho hat in the road, to attract attention. These outrages are not all that Morgan has committed siaco the Round-hill tragedy. Ho is said to have mot a woman riding through tho bush, and on demanding money from her which she was unablo to give, compallod her to dismount, and tying her to a tree, stripped off her clothes, m order to search them more effec- tually. He had scarcely timo to oxamine the garments when he was disturbad by the noiso of a party approaching. 'Gathering the clothes in n heap, he Bat them on lira, and, jumping hastily on his horse, galiopoi away, leaving his poor defenceless victim literally naked. She was relieved by three stockmen travelling through the bush, who heard htr screams. The body of a maa was also found near Oopabella, and it is supposed that he is another of Moigtn's victims. Two mounted policemen came within range of Morgan a week or so ago, but ho succeeded in rFCuping their grasp. It is reported that a Ronian Catholic priest has had an interview with him, und has endeavoured, but without avail, to induce him to surrender himsolf. Morgan is stated to bo abont thirty-two years of age, nnd is a ticket of-leavo holder. He has been a lawless desperate follow from his jouth. Ben Hail's gang, and other patties of bush- rangers, havo been at work, as usual, during the month; but they scorn to have done nothing moro exciting than stopping a few mail coaches, and deliberately plundering both passenger b and letters. In one instance a policeman was captured, and detained two hours. A few robberies of stores have also been committed, and in one instance a settler's house was stuck-up, his horses stolen, and several stacks of hay set fire to. The following description, from tho Goulburn Herald of the 29th ult, of tho robbery of a mail coach affords a good example of the mode in which the bushrangers, either sepa- rately or in gangs, pursue this portion of thoir profession ¡-"Between eight and nina o'clock yesterday morning, when Sweeney, the driver of the mall from Queanbeyan and Gundtroo, was about a mile on tbo Goulburn sida of Collector, ho was hailed by a man who roda out of the biiBb, and commanded him to stop. Tho coachman put his horses to a gallop, but the fellow rode easily nlongsido, and present- ing a revolver close to his car, repeated the command, which it was thought no longer safe to disobey. The only persons in the coach wero Sweeney, tho driver, and a groom in the mail contractor's employ. The bush- ranger ordered them Into the bush ; Swooney was anxious to tie the reins to tho break, but waB not allowed to do so. Tho robber then searched him, taking a small Earcel of gold, valued at about £25. which was eing sont down by Mr. Fraser, of Guudaroo, and 27s. In money. Tho groom also was Fearched, but nothing was found ou him. Both were then ordered into the hush, and compelled to Ho down on thoir faces, being told that they had beon waited for for simo time, that thoy would bo watched for half an hour, and thtt if they ventured to stir thoy would be shot. The coachman describís the robber to havo been a tall man, apparently about fix feet high, having his face ooncealod with a piece of white cloth, with holc3 cut for his eyes ; riding a fino dark bay horse, and wearing a very long light-coloured coat, with dark binding." Gardiner, one of the most notorious of bushrangers, has (though acquitted of the capital churgo on which ho was firit tried) been convicted of shooting a policeman, with intent to do grievous bodily harm, and sen tenced to fifteen years' imprisonment. Ha also pleaded "Guilty" to two charges^ of robbery, and was sentenced to ten years' im- prisonment for one offence, and to seven for the other. An ineffectual attempt was mada by the prisoner's friends to bribe the prose- cutor in one of the cases not to appsar on the trial. The conviction of Gardiner gives some hops of a return to a healthy state of thing-», for it was feared that it might ba impossible to find a jury to return a verdict of " Guilty" against him. It is also satisfactory to leam that within the last fewdayB a daring bushrangar named Fagan has been captured in Queens- land, and one of his accomplices shot. SPORTING. The new Victorian Rael og Club have mode considerable progress ia their prepara- tions for the coming campaign. They have compiled and published n now code of rules and regulations for tha Melbourno turf, and they have adopted a new scale o( weights for age for each racing month of the year, based upon the theory snggested by Ad- miral Kous some years back, in his handy little book on racing, a work of whioh it may be remarked, by the way, that a ready sale for at least a hundred copioa awaits the importation of the first parcol. The V.R.O. have followed Admiral Rom, in making their scheme rest on the weight for four-year-olds, which is, as it ware, the starting-point of the handicap, and is fixed at 9st. all the year round-both oller and younger giving or receiving larger or smaller allowances according to the more or less advanced period of the season. The V.R.O. have long since published their first handicap for the Melbourne Cup, which has thirty-eight nominations, and will probably have nearly thirty accept- ances, which are to be declared on Thursday next. The stewards of the club have also de- termined on allowing the stakes for the Derby, Oalts, and St. Leger, to be made in the race week, instead of bälng paid in in- stalments extonding over throe years. A very good and busy turf season is anticipated in the spring. The Ihunting season is now at its height, and many good runs are recorded. THEATRICAL. Now that the opera season is over, and the Haymarket closed for alterations pre- vious to re-opening with a company having Mr. Hoskins for manager and Lwly Djn for a leader, the Theatre Royal has hal the busluess to itself. Nor has its enterprising manager failed to take advantage of the op- portunity to draw even unusually largo audiences to his theatre. The programmes which ho haB presented havo been of a very attractive character, and ha has had his reward in well-filled and approving houses. Amongst the reproductions of the oast month, the most notable havo teen "Henry IV.," the "Gamester," the "Wife," "Love," and " A New Way to Pay Old Debt?," all of which have been very successful. There have also been somo novelties in the shape of new dramas and farces. Mr. Watts Phillips's now piece "Paul's Return," haï been played to good audience;, and with decided success. The force of the "Area Bello," by Mtwara. Brough and Hulliday, has had ft pretty goo i run, and has nightly provoked uproarious laughton The " Guardian Angel," by Mr. Shirley Brook", has been less successful, although the members of the company sup- porting it did all they could for the author. The Haymarket, remodelled as regards tho interior, will be re-opened on the 6th prox. Comedy, burlesque, and musicol piecas with the Howson family, will be tho order of tho day. POSTAGE RATES. Subjoined is a table of the rateB of postage on letters posted in Victoria, as amended by the net passed ia the last session of Parlia- ment. These rates take effect on the 3rd of next month . TOWK Lin-HKS. Recorred at any post-office for doliTcry at or from such post-oillco vutbin ten miles thereof a. d. Not exceeding Jo«.0 J Not exceeding loz., but exceeding J 02. .. 0 i For over? loz. or fraction of loz. over loa.. 0 4 COUNTRY LKTTrRS. For dollvery in any part of the colony boyond ton milos from the olllco at which the letton aro potted, or overland to South Australia ». d. Not exceeding Joa.0 4 Not oxcocdlng loz , but exceeding joz. .. 0 8 For urary loz. or fraction of loz. over loa. 0 8 rOKEioN Lrrrans. For dollvery hoyoud tho lirulta of the colony (oxoopt to South Australia overland)and forwarded by privat« ship : ». d. Not exceeding Joz.0 0 Not oxcccding loz., but exceeding Joz. .. 10 For every loz. or fraction of lot. over loz. 1 0 ron tub united imaoou. Lotters for transmission to any part of tho United Kingdom : Via Southampton. Not exceeding Joz. .OS Exceeding Joz. but not oxcoodlng lou. .. 10 And for every loz., or fraction of loz. over loz.10 Via Marseilles. Not exceeding joz. ,. .. 0 10 Exceeding: Joz. but not oxcocdlng lo». .. l8 For ov ery loz., or fraction of loz. over loz. 1 8 JVewspapors. Not oxccediiur 6oz. In weight. Via Southampton, Id. each. Via Marseilles, Sd. each. LHTTHHS OONTAIHINO 00LD On BILVBtt. Letters containing gold or silver, eitbor in a manu- factured or unmanufacturo I stato, or whether mixed or not with any othor substance or material, posted for dellvory at any post town In the colony, aro chai gatillo with treble tho ordinary ratos of postage (tbat is to say) Town Letters. a. d. Not exceeding Joz.0 6 Not exceeding loz., but oxcoodlng Joz. .. 10 For every loz. or fraction of loz. over loz. 1 0 ' Country Letters. Not excoedlng Joz. .10 Not exceeding loz., but oxcocdlng Joz. .. 2 0 For overy loz. or fraction of loz over loz. S 0 XBwsrirr.ns. Tor each newspaper posted In tlio colony, not ex- ceeding Coe. In wolght, Id. must bo prepaid by stamp. No« bpapors must be sont without a, cover, or In a cover open at the ends, and tho words " newspaper only" must ho placed on tho outsldo of tho novrspapar or cover. PACKETS. Town, country, and forolgn packot» of tb» d«iorip tiona given In Schedule A of the act ara t* bo propald by stamp at tho following rates : Not oxcocdlng 4oz. .SI For ovciy aJditlonal 2oz. or fraction of zoz.Id. And an additional la. on foreign packets. Tho rates and regalatiouB of the book-poit remain as before. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. The Peninsular and Oiiental Company's steamship Bombay, with the European and Indian mails, leaves tho bay at the usual hour to-morrow afternoon. The Madras, with the May mail from England, reached King George's Sound on the 7th inst., and the usual telegraphic summary of the news, vii Adelaide, was published in Tht Argus of tho 12th inst. The Madras delivered her mails on the morning of the 13th inst., and reached Sydney at midnight on the 16th inst, having experienced a cyclone on the coast of Now South Wales. By the Madras's mail wo learned that tho Persian Gulf line of olectric telegraph had been completed, and that the staff by whom the submarine portion of tho line had boen submerged, were on their return to Eoglaad. Wo were also rando awaroof Colonel Stewart's intention to employ horaomon to carry mes- sages betwetn Bussorah and Bagdad, until the opposition of the Arab3 to the extension of the wire between these ancient resorts of merchants was overcome. Wo hope, therefore, to be placed in possession of very late intel- ligence from Europe, by way of Constanti- nople and Kurrachcc, at an early dato, if not by the Incoming mall steamet. The noar accomplishment of telegraphic connexion be- tween India and London gires additional foice to tho arguments in favour of a fort- nightly steam service batwaen Melbourne and Gulle, and must hasten tho accomplishment of that deslrablo object. The example of tho home authorities has boen followed by thoio of Now South Wide*. PoBtago betweon Sydney and London has beon increased, but between Melbourne and England it remains unaltered. STATE Of TRADE. July is usually one of the dullest months of the year in trade. Tho Btato of the weather renders tho roads impassable, and therefore few country orders como in. It is also tho time -when there are fe west travellers between the colonies, and when ths intercolonial trade suffers. This month has been no ex- ception to the rule. Shortly bsfore the arrival of the mail, some speculation took place in foreign candle3 and in geneva ¡hut tho news proving to be of a moro paoifio cha meter than had been apprehended, the maiket has since remained very dull, and candles havo fallen slightly in price. The supplies forwarded of nearly all kinds of British manufactures and produce, as advised by the mail, wore considered ample, and therefore no animation was thrown into tho maiket. Matters have not boen improved by the occurrence of a severe flood in tha Yarra within the lastfow days, which has only been less destructivo than that of Djcsrnber last. Traffic on tho Sandridge-road was suspended fornearlyaweek.and on Friday and Saturday only tho passongar trade was conducted on the Hobson's Bay line, a culvert having bean washed awav, in spite oí every exertion to preserve the Uno. The waters fortunately did not reach tho stores in Flinders-street, though Sandridge waB once more an island. Malt has been sold at very low pricss, to close sales, but an improvement in value has since baan established. Cork butter is being Tapldly driven out of the market by colonial producá, and has been sold at very low rates. In Eastern produce there has beon considerable animation, in consequenco of smaU ship- ments from the rice potts, and none from those which sond tea. Rice is firmly held at from £2 to £4 per ton bettor than it was a month ago. In sugar there has also been an advance of at least 20s. per ton on good ration qualities, in conse- quence of tho shortness of the crop in the Mauritius. In flour there has been much speculation during the month. The stocks of Victorian growth were early known to bo short, and an attempt was made on the arrival (at Auckland) of tho first supplies from San Francisco to withhold fiom the public the true Etato of the market of San Francisco in March. Commercial intelligence was cut from the files of the journals per ship. The same course was followed on a subsequent occasion,'and flour and wheat gradually roso in value, until sales of the best Adelaide flour were mado at £29 par ton, and the price of the four-pound loaf reached 13d. (a figura unknown here for y«ars post). The climax was reached when private telegrams to tho 6th of May from San Francisco carno to hand, via New York and London, by the mail. Those stated that the harvest wa3 likely to bo bad, and that wheat was rising in price. Business became brisk, and expectations wero entertained that flour would rule very high, when two Bhip3 arrived from Valparaiso (ona at Auckland and one at Sydney) with full cargoes of breadstuffs, and reported n most abundant harvest thero, with flour and wheat ruling very low. This news has paralysed the market for the time being. Flour has since fallen about 30s. per ton, if not moro, and purchases ara only made to supply immediate want?. Advices by the Juno mill will be anxiously waited for. Considerable dis- cussion has taken place in mercantile olrcles on the recently imposed wharfage rates. These are found to yield at the rate of £70,000 or £80,000 par annum. The charge waa imposed ostensibly for the ropair and construction of wharfs, but the money passes into the general revenue, no allowance is made to tho owners of private wharfs, and the impost is found in practice to ba a burden upon trade, ond more especially the intercolo- nial branch of our commerce. A vigorous effort will be mado by the marchants to get rid of the tax in tbo next Parliament. Three steam- ships-the Barwon, the You Yangs, and tho Alford aro now engaged in tho Newcastle and Melbourno coal trade ; and tbo I. R. M. Com- pany's steamship Claud Hamilton has com- menced to trade between this port and Auck- land, Nelson, Wellington, and other Cook's Straits port6/3f New Zealand. The Chambers of Commerco of Auckland and Melbourne are in correspondence on tho subject of sub- sidizing a stoamship to carry the English and New Zealand mails to and from Melbourne and Auckland, by way of Mauukau Harbour, The service, kowerer, could not be performed by one stoaui- vessel unless she were a power- ful and faßt vessel, and the greatest punctu- ality wera observed hy the P. and 0. Company's vessels, if, indeed, greater speed could not be gob from them. The A, S. N. t Company's new steamship City ol Adelaide is now on her first voyage in the Melbourno and Sydnoy trade, undai the command of Captain Trouton. Generally speaking trade, though dull, is in a sound state. Moro confidence is felt in the mining resources of the country, and the new gold fields ia Gipps Land promise richly. The navigation of the lakes of that distriol has at lost been opened up, a line ol schooners now plying bstiveon Melbourne and ports on the Gipps Land rivers, anJ thus a most important country, which may almoit be said to bo new, has been opened up for settlement. Our merchant! are also pushing their way Into Queensland Travellers in the soft goods line, represent- ing Melbourno houses, now visit the farthisl settlements on the eastern ooast, and Mel- bourne competes with Sydney for the huge and growing traffic of this young bat vigorous colony. Daring the month the« have only been two suspensions worthy ol note in Melbourne. In the first case-thai of Mr. H. 0. Pirani, the creditors accepted ar offer of £6,600 by Messrs. Byam and Co., al two and four months, for the assets in th< estate. This price would produce to th( creditors about 8s. in the pound. At a meet ing of tho creditors of Messrs. Thain and Cj. sott-goods mon, of Flinders-lane, it was found that the liabilities to Melbourne crediton amounted to £11,009, and that if the estat« were consigned to tho Insolvency Cjurt, o: assigned, a claim by English creditors to thi extent of £10,000 might be established agains the firm. It seems that Messrs. Thain am Co. had been engaged in trade ia Englam some years ago, and finding it necessary U compound with their creditors, offered 12s. ii the pound ; but the estate realized only to th extent of 6s. CJ. in the pound, and the balano still remains unpaid. Tho Mclbourno creditor wera only thirteen in number. Tho asset shown in tho estate wero £6,99(3. Messri Thain and Co. offered 7s. 61. in the poum cusli, and their own bills at four months, fo 2s. Gd. more, guaranteed,-au offer which wa accepted. TUB REVENUE. The »venue returns for the quarter, hall year, and year, ending the 30th Juni show the following results : - The tot« revenue for the year, omitting fraotlom was £2,810,706, and for the previous yoi £3,005,609, showing a decrease of JE183.0OE The Customs showed an increase of £26,06: The amount of the wharfage-rate (whic only became law late in tho mont of May) was £10,693. Tho largest incroas was upon toa, £23,4G9, but it wu almost balanced hy a decrease of £22,65 in sugar. In opium there waa au Incroas of £7,711 ; in tobacco and snuff, £6,435 ; i spirits, £2,188; in wine, £2,915; and in cigar £3,011. Thoro was also au increase of £1,78 in sheepwash tobacco. In beer thero was decrease of £3,833, in coffee of £-1.856, an in rica of £2,315. «rho exoise yieidod onl £65,846, against £92,652 in 1863. This, hon ever, arose in a great measure from th uncertainty as to publicans' and othc licences, and the changes introduced b the Licensed Publicans Acts Araondmer Act, by which these foes aro transferred to ti) coilers of local bodies. The loss under the boa " publicans' licences," Is £28,518 ; "spirit ma: chants' licences,"£10,218; "brewer.*' licences £682 ; and " all other lioenco3," £2,011. 0 auctioneers' licences there is an increase i £250, and on spirits distilled In Victor!: £4,376. In the land revenue, tha deorease i £205,176; oxport duty on gild, £37,211 and miners' rights, £2,056. Thora is a increase of £007 in business licences, and < £2,091 in the rents of auriferous land unl< lease. In tho railway income, thera is an ir creaso of £50.169, and a decrease of £10,030 i water rates. The telegraph abo wa an Inoraas of £102 only, The Post-office gives an ir creasa of £6,895, and porta aud harbours < £847. Thero is a decrease of £5,015 in com fees, but an increase of £10,088 in all othi fees. The revenue for the quarter was £686,78 as against £606,818 in the corespondlr 3unrter of 1863. The increase in tho Custon epartment was £23,037 ; and ia territorio £64,616. Under this head, the revenuo froi tho sale and leasing of land is glvon i £153,808 against £89,670 in the correspondió quarter of 1863. The rovonue from pub! works had increasod from £115,262 I £128,767 ; the railway Income having swolle from £108,664 to £121,400. The increase I the Post-offico was small, being only £1,76 Fees wera £18,900 against £12,328. TI: decreases were as follow ¡-Excise, £21,922 ports and harbours, £592; fia-s ani fo feltures, £25 ; and miscellaneous, £4,350. During tho half-year, the Tevenue wi £1,277,428, as against £1,183,021 in tho co responding period, of 1863, or a net increase i £91,406. The malu items of increase waro :? Land revenue, £53,710 ; railways, £24,68; tea, £25,142; spirits, £14,690 ; fees, £11,701 wharfage rates (as already given), £10,693 and opium, £6,42L The Treasurer's estimate of the revenue f< the six months was £1,480,500. and as the net receipts were £1,273,641. Mr. Verdon was disappointed to the extent of £212,858, The lana revenue proved less than the estimate by £175,63(5; railways, £26,078; wharfage rates, £19,806; sugar, £12,866; water rates, £12,600 ; fines, £5,770 ; export duty on gold. £6,624 ; and beer, £6,072. Some of tboso items, of course, were affected by the tardi- ness of the legislation on the Bubject. The main increases on the estimate were the fol- lowing :-Spirits, £19,894 ; tea, £16.812 ; regis tration fees, £11,263 ; fees, £0,115 ; opium, £6,461 ; wine. £8,599 ; rice, £2,201 ; Supreme Conrt, £6,003 ; and spirits distilled in Vic- toria, £3,184. BANK EETURNS. The following returns, for the quarter end- ing the 80th ult,, have been published : Bank of Victoria.-The average amount of the notes in ciiculation, not boating interest, was £261,411 ; the bills not bearing interest, £12,210 8s. 7d.; the balance due to other banks, £35,658 19s. 81.; the deposits not bearing interest, £783,491 8i. 7d. ; and deposits bearing interest, £728,794 7s. 7d. The total liabilities thus amounted to £1,826,666 4s. ! the coin held amounted to £268,399 3s. 2d.; the Rold and silver in bullion and bars, £101,428 194. ; the landod property held was worth £129,067 19s. 21.; the notes and bills of other banks amounted to £23,849 133. 5d. ; the balances due from other banks were £117,400 4s. 8d. ; aud tho amount of debts duo to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to the said bank from other banks, was £1,819,107 2s. ii. The total aeseta of the banks were thus-£2,459.107 2s. 4d.. as against liabilities amounting to £1.826,666 43. , mL Colonial Bank of Australasia.-The amount of notes in circulation, not bearing interest, amounted to £87,575 5s. 4d. ; tho bills in circu- lation to £1,431 14-1. 8d. ; tho balances due to other banks to £2,398 2-1. 9d. ; the deposits not bealing interest to £363,837 6s. Id. ; and those bearing interest to £343,4121ÖJ.6 j. The total liability of the bank to its customer.", therefore, was £798,665 3s. 4d, The amount of coin held was £111,360 8i. 4d. ; of bullion, £29,096 9s. 6d. ; of landed property, £14,792 9i. 5d ; of notes and bills of other banks, £13,380 18s. lOd. ; balances duo from other banks, £93,443 2s. 2d. ; and of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of ex- change, and all stock and funded dobts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and other balances due to tho Baid bank from other baukB, £909,273 as. lid. The Bank of Australasia-The liabilities, in round numbeis, £1,648,334. This amount is made up as follows:-Notes in circulation, not bealing interest, £259,123; bills not bdar iug interest, £15.101 ; balances due to other banks, nil; deposits not biarlng interest, £749,888, and deposits healing interest, £624,221. The assets were £2,100,108, oom posed of the following sums :-Coin, £195,199 ; bullion. £64,329; Victorian Government secu- rities, £60,000 ; landed property, £85,000 ; notes and bills of other banks, £18,018; and debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and stock and funded debts, £1.687,562. English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank.-Tho total amount of the liabilities, in round numbers, was £355,483, made un as follows :-Notes in o rculation, not bearin? interest, £40,256; hills not baarlng iutere-t, £2,688; balances due to other btnks. £557; deposits, not bearing interest, £107,394, and bearing interest, £204,687. The assets amounted to £002,667, composed of- Ciin, £48,847 ; gold and silver, in bullion or bird, £4,384; laneled property, £23864; notes and bills of other banks. £9,617; balance) due from other banks, £12,592 ; and all other debts due to the bank, &c;, £503,301. rOBLIO COMPANIES, A report, prtllminaiy to the half-yearly meeting, has been published by the Austral- asian Insurance Company, from which we make the following financial abstract: " The receipts for the quartor ending 30tb ult. were £28,178, made up (inround uumbors) as follows :-Fire premiums, £5,283 ; marbia do., £19,816; interest, £3,060; and revenue from other sources, £18. The expeniiture was as follows :-Fire losses, £2,899 ; marine losses. £13,747; expenses of mamgimiint, £1,610. The profit for tho quarter wai £9,920. The suspense account w stated at £23,831: the reserve fund, £60,000; and the undistributed profits of tho previous qua'tot at £18,769. Among tho assets are the follow- ing items ¡-Government dobsuture', £37,807 ; loanB on mortgage, £63,204; freehold pro- perty, £3,632; debts due to tho company £8,142; agonts' balances, £27,733 ; cash in the Bank of New South Wales, £4,853 ; and do posited on call, £7,000." Eight per cent, was the dividend doclarod at the annual general meeting of the share- holders of tho City of Melbjurne Gas and Coke Company, held on Friday last. It was stated by the report that, after paying the dividend, there would b3 £1000 to go to the reserve fund, leaving £1,120 in hand ; the total amount available for the dividend being £10,120. Moreover, £20,000 worth of deben tures, due on the lût inst., had been provided for without recourse to a new loan, and the capital account reduoed by the extinction o the fifth issue of £6 shares, amounting te £3,795. Altogether, as the chairman (the Hon. J. P. Bear) remarked, the companj would hereafter save £'2,000 a year more. The report and financial statemont were receivoc and adopted, and the retiring directors une auditors were also re-appointed. In answe; to a shareholder, the chairman said thi danger from flood was now over, the manu facture of gaB not having been stopped in th< late floods, The report of the Collingwood, Fitzroy, ane Distritt Gas and Coko Company, for tho naif year ending_30th June laBt, made the followini observations on the stato of the company : " The amount of profit available wa« £69164; 4d., which, after proviellng fully for w*ar am tear, replacement of meters, &c;, the director, recommend to be disposed of as follows : £3,600 to pay dividend at tho raje of twelv per cent, per annum ; £1,800, to pay a bonu of 8s. per share; and £1,616 ia. id. to b carried to the reserve fund, making that furn £9,614 6s. lOd The capital hal been Increase« £10,000 by a Bale of the BhareB on the 9th da of March last, at a premium of £1 per share This increase of capital had enabled the boar to complete the extension to Sandridge) an .Emerald-hill, leaving a largo stock of pipj on hand available for futuro profitable opera tiona. It was gratifying to observe the stead increase of the amount for gas rates, as wo! as for residual products. The increased oor sumption of gas has rendorcd necessary tb erection of a new and much larger chimne at the company's works, affording increase facilities for the carbonizing of coal, and, wit the new retort-house, making the works moi complete." At the fifth annual meeting of the Victor! Life and General Insurance Company an Savings_ Institute (tho Hon. Henry Mille M.L.O., in the chair), tho chairman read th report by the directors and tho balanos-shet for the year. The report said :-" The progre* of the company during the past year ha betn satisfactory, and business was increasin in all the branches, while the profits realise had boen-in the insurance and Havings di partmont, £3,818 13s. 01.; in the ltfedepar ment, £6,004 6s. 9d. ; making the total profil £9,822 19s. 3d. The directors declared a div dend at tho rate of £10 per cent, per annul on the paid-up capital, which dividen amounted to £4,000, and the balance woul be carried to the credit of profit and lo3s." Tho Victoria Coal Company is now b¿in registered under the Companies Statute, 180 with limited liability ; and in all probabilit additional capital will bo sought tor in Em land shortly, to assist the development < the coal mines of Cape Paterson. A small company, to supply the Molbourt market with fish from Western Pott Bay, in course of formation. NEW MONETARY. INSTITUTIONS. Baring the month considerable attentlo has been given to the subject of counti banks. A project has been floated at Oast! maine for the establishment of a Costlemali and District Bank, with a capital of £100,00 The projectors urge that the savings of ti district Bhould be employed for the act vants) of the disttlct,,and that tho existing instit tiona do not sufficiently meet this objec The proposal has been received with favou and nearly the whole of the capital has boc subscribed locally. A similar project is c foot at Ballarat. A prospectus has been issued privately of ? new monetary institution, to be namod ti European and Australasian Banking Cot pany. It proposes that the capital Bhould 1 £6,000,000 sterling, in 200,000 shares of £ each, and that the liability of the shut holders should loe limited by a special act incorporation. It is contemplated th 40,000 shares should be subscribed for : this colony, and that the balance of ti capital should be raised in England. Tb scheme comes from the same project -Mr. A. J. Gibb-to whom wo o\ I two oí the existing banklug iastitutloi of the colony ; and the success of these esta- blishments must invest with additional ia teiest the project now submitted. It ¡j based, we moy Bay, on the progr&s; whiou tho colony has mado in population, and the in- dustrial application of the people's energies and it is introduced to meet tho demand for capital which exists. It 1b admitted oa all hands that a very largo Bum of money could at once bo placed at a high rate of interest ia investments conuccted with pastoral pursuits ; whilo judicious assist- ance to agriculturists, vine-growers, miners and otliors-given on ampio security-! would do much to further tho industrial piogress of the colony. Tho projector says : "It cannot bt dsniod tha* every Industry o( Hil« colony lins betn retarded by tiro lilgh rate« of discount charged by tho banks, who, coinbluod in 0110 ¡jenora! monopoly, keep «11 chwses ot tho community under thoir Eoverclgn control, and it must be apparent to crcry thinking man that all thoso nssoclatod with the banks Iihto adopted every imaginable expedient to increase tho ratos of dividend to tho detrimento! tho public interest. Tho time has now arrived when It Is absolutely ncconsary to afford such monetary assist- ance »s may be comhtent with safety, to Induce thoa» engagod in tho cultivation of the vino or agriculture to increase their operations, and bo aWo to export to other" countries that which -wo aro noir compelled to import for our own use, and tho only if ay to obtain that desideratum, li for tho public to calmly reiiow tbo nankin? jjatem adopted in this colony, anti rive help to those wlioare willing- to aid thorn. Those en- gaged in squatting or pastoral pursuits haï o erar laboured under nevero pressuro, occasioned by the peculiar position In which thoy aro placed in reference to the banks, and tho difficulty of obtaining funds ci ccpt through tlio medium of other channels, whilst for such accommodation thoy havo been compelled to pay Tory heaTy rato oí intercut and commission." It is to tho producing classes that the pro- jector looks for business to the bank. H8 quotes statistics elaborately to show the pro- gress the colony has made-the evidencoof the land saies us to tho amount invested ia the purchase of freeholds, tho rcRi-Jtrar-go. neral's returnB us to tho iuorcasoof live stock and the extraordinary development of the wool trade, to Bhow the soundness of thn utato of the colony. The wool exported in 1851, ho points out, was of the value of £731.018 and the skins and hides, £7,414; whileiu 1862, wool was shipped to the value of £2,350,956 : and skins and bone» to t he amount of £130,350. Ila calculates that in 18C3 the shipment of wool was not less than 37,000,0001b ; and he esti- mates that for the present year it will bo equal to 46,C00,O0Olb. Be argues from the» proofs of the vitality of tho pastoral interest, that it, as will as the agricultural interest, " deserves somo attention." De proposes to meet the great wurr t of both-cheaper money -hy putting "a stop to the present banking monopoly and the usurious oharges of the money-lenders, by reducing tho rates of dis- count." Ile says : " By tho establishment of this institution, and the formation of tho proposed branches, the pastoral Inte- rests will Bccuro to themselves monetary assistance without being compolled to pay those heasy etnrges for money, or being forced by such arrangements to dispose of their wool in thoko colorrlos, for it is con tended that If it naya the spe ulator to huy up wool for shipment to Lurope, it must bo moroadvantajeouj for the owners to ship their own wool, and demo tiro benefit of any extra prout ; at all orenU, they would then ho assured of receiving tho highest market value, it Is proposod (if practicable) to discount approved bills for buch of the commercial community as may bo customers of the bank, at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum, or at a lower rate If possible ; and It is further Intended to assist thom hy advunces on mercantile proporty that may bo bonded in the stores of the bank, to provont the necessity of effecting sales to the injury of thoso interested. It Is proposed to grant cash credits at short dates (to ho renewed, If ad- visable) to tho small trader or fanner, upon the Scot- tish principio, which has proved so advantageous to them in Uiat country, m well as to all those associated nilli Its numerous banking institution«. It !s pro- posed to adranca money direct lo thoso engaged in the depasturing of sheep aud cattle, upon the same terms, on six months' hills, upon the signing of a deed to bo prepared, hypothecating- their runs and stock thereon to the bank, and engaging to ship all their wool, hides, tallow, 4c, through tho bank's agent in Hjlbjurne, or through tho agents of any of its branche«, to tho head oflico in London, on «ale and return, tho bank lu Mil bourocdefrayingalltbcunaToidableshlppingxhargcson behalf of the owner, the accounts of winch will ka forwarded lethe head oflico, «nd added to the eustormry mercantile charges on disposal of tlio produce. These bills tv ¡11 bo renewed if required, upon the same ternis, with a trifling charge of commission. It is proposed to advance money upon the same tom« to the millers, on the security of their plant, prorldcd they conform to such rules and enirageniente ns will be hereafter set forth on tbo establishment of tho bank. It is proposed to advance money on the same tonus, for periods Mirying according to circumstances, upon freehold properties, upon the requisite engagements being entered Into by tho proprietor»." We have thus let the projector speak for himself. There ia ample room in this colony for the introduction of a now bmk of issue, and tho profitable employment eveu of the large capital proposed for the European, aOLD JS.HD IXCHASGH. The price of gold may be quoted at £3 l63, per ounce, standard quality, for small pírcele, and from £3 15s. 6d. to £3 lös. OJ. for large parcels. As gold is now invariably sold by its fineness, it is unnecessary to quote the prico paid by the hauks and private buyers for the precious metal from tho different field-«. Tho quantities delivered in London will hence- forward be no evidence ot tho quantity pro- duced by the mines. Nearly all tho gold which now leaves the colony goes to India, in pay ment of cotton orderp, either on Euglish or French account. The rates for tho carriage of gold by tho Peninsular and Orwiital Com- pany remain unchanged. Tho demand for money during the month has been active, the rates at the banks remaining without altera- tion, ot eight, nine, and ton per cent, for two, three, and four months' bills resp ctlvely, although ono uniform ecale is not adhered to. For outeido loans and mortgages, a feeling more in favour of borrowers has prevailed since the arrival of the English mail, and money ii much more easily obtained, and at lower rates, thau at any timo duriug the last six months. Bankers, however, continue ex- tremely cautious in their dealings, *s~pecially in transactions involviog an outlay of money for a lengthened period. For deposits the banks give 8ix per cent, for sums fixed for bíx months, and from four to four and a half pat cent, for sums placed with thom for three months. In txchauge tha demand for remit- tance to England is smaller than for last mail, partially the result of limited mer- cantile operations peculiar to this season of the year. The ruling rata may be quoted at half per cent, premium Biity days' sight in exchange for discountable paper, while thosa banks which demand ooah in payment for their draft) on Loudon havo to give way to ft quarter per cent, premium, and par, and even to a quarter ptr cent, discount in one or two instances. With regard to tho projected bank already referred to, wa may obserya that the importation of English capital will be a great boon to the colony. The projector, with his large expjrleo.es, however, should Bay less about lending at low ratee, ns we prosume this, like all kindred inbtitutions, will work fot tho benefit of its shareholders. With the demand which legitimately exists for money in a young colony, wa caunot look, for Bomo time to como for any material reduction m rates. The rato of exchango on London forbans drafts at sixty d»ya' sight has boen half per cent, premium. The Indian exchange banks have been selling at par. For commercial paper, of which there has boen, as Is usual at this season, very little' offering, the rato has been J per cant, discount. , Tho following table gives the importa ona exports since the commencement of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1868: Woek ending. Tai. April 21 May July 10 Imports. 1803. & 170,408 438,718 221,410 410,102 107,444 467,073 818,431 102,738 201,860 102,416 03,872 140, MS 223,8« 659,079 100,684 l63, (.¡20 240,732 87,150 127,820 420,018 267,0(34 167,317 870,811 107,6OS 2«8,4S8 277,853 241,410 183,101 7,888,018 390,417 307,004 813,808 820,803 260,730 610,008 100,003 230,305 180,303 165,301 670,381 211,420 120,135 820,274 447,170 440,084 242,001 85,346 108,620 230,484 183,702 847,057 187,411 178,020 218,130 261,300 203,304 108,780 7,620,208 Exports. 623,001 102.0CS 659,125 117,733 100,085 142,220 233,450 493,104 117,314 180,120 239,817 298,307 314,052 88,732 108,780 804,005 851,427 113,085 03,423 405,170 101,242 79,003 293,600 65,01" 695.A03 139,620 204,142 167,012 ISM. £ ltó.343 212,354 100,278 «3,881 285,603 137,2« 327,4« 697,033 2041,707 110,11)3 335,039 415,073 183,118 224,351 79,710 438,511 155,073 214,155 232,913 05,2s0 613,099 70,316 112,229 70,233 550,032 65,459 49,205 162,274 6.818.6.7 I 6,761,812 Durtog tha first period, tho account stood thus : import, .«67.383 618 Export.6,818,0« Balun«! of Importa over exporta .. iMWl1 During tho second poriod : Import« . Exports . - £7,520,293 6,751,312 Balanoo of import! over exports .. £777,436 During the month tho intercolonial trado has benn unusually dull. Some slight atten- tion has been given in Now Z'.-aland, but not in Melbourne, to the South Sea Island trade. STO0- AND SHABB HARKET. The following report on the state of the stock market ¡b furnished by Messrs. Baillie and Butters : " Sines the departure of tbo last mall tho «took and duro in»rket lia» undergone consldorablo changes ; It has also pro8outcd aoveral now and encouraging fea- ture«, which speak woil for tho progresa of tho colony. At tho «am« timo, the koon competition araongat our bunking institutions provonts that healthy action which an abundance of. capital exorcise» over a young and rising colony. Wo havonovor seen ia Its history tho »anio amount of deposits In our various bunk» ; but such aro tholr requirements that tbo into of interest has boon gradually rising for the last UtcIto months, until wo find that as high as seven and a half por cent, is belüg paid for large amounts deposited for specific periods. Several branches of indian banks aro working tho exchanges largely and profitably, and wo fool astonished that this enormous and safu outlet for money has not long ago been taken advantago of by some of tho largo English honks,-for we venture to stato that for tho profitable and safo occupation of say £5,000,000 of English capital, no such opportunity offers out of (treat Jlrllaln as in this colony. To remedy this io some extout a new bank is about being es- tablished. Local country banks havo also beon attempted. The loan of £50,000 for tho Pro- vincial Government of Otago has been offered through our finn In this »arket, £13,000 of which had pre- viously beon absorbed In tho province, and notwith- standing discouraging reports of its success In London, received by last mall, it has boen tolerably successful, and a laico portion has beon taken up at satisfactory rates, the highest pneo paid being £103. We bare no doubt whatever of being; able to placo the entire »mount within tho current week. " The success of tho marino branches of our va riousiiisurancocompanies has induced an attempt to form a new company, tho business of which shall be confined to that alono. The prospectus bas been printed, and only a fow circulated prlratoly amongst our principal mercantile mon, by whom It has beon looked upon with great favour ; and from tbo support already promised, there can scarcely ho a doubt of Its being successfully launched. Its titlo will bo ' Th» Southern Marino Insurance " (limitod) ; the nominal capital, £1,000,000, In 200,000 shares of £6 each. ?' The ¡roneral tone of our market towards the eloso of last month «as decidedly flat, and numoroua sacri- fices were made to moot tho ixink balances on tin 30th; since thon, howovor, a vast lmprovomeut has been experienced. A largs and increasing; demand lins existed for all kinds of stock, and ha« beon well maintained, willi a fow exceptions, up to the prosont timo. Mining matters havo never looked moro pro- mising ».¡nea tbo reaction consequent on tho mania of 1809 and 1800. Patience and porsovornnco have proved that the basos on which most of our ct uníanles were formed woro sound and healthy, and that tho want of buccoss waa tho re- sult of inexperience and bad management, which mado Hit «orking of the mines only subservient to tho success of gambling speculation In tho shores of tse various companies under their control, affording in most cases little satlshction to thomsolvcs or the publie. Many of the conipanlos abandoned and sold aro now being profitably worked, and some turn- ing out immensely rich ; and wa fool safo In stating that, lu no caso whoro a fair trial has boen given, has tho ground boen found unro uiuucrativ o. New companies are being formed almost daily, and old ones aro being resuscitated with great success ; and we are of opinion that from this time forward our milling interest will gradually oxteml itself into colossal dimensions, as scarcely a week passes but wo hear of como now discovery of rich virgin ground, especially i u tho hlthorto unoxplored region of Gipps Land. " Debentures.-Victoria Government She por Cents havo changed hands freely ; but har» oxporloncjd a slight decline, In conscquonco of a largs parcel having been thrown on the markot by one of our banks, and a rumour which was circulated that they vero obtainable privately from tho Government at tho usual limit of 10S}. Tills, howavor, was without foundation, as the application of th« Savings Bank for tho wbolo unissued portion of the local loan was ro fused. Wo havo effected Bales at ¿107. £106}, and £106, and art still buyers, and har« all along boen buyers, at the latter rate, notwithstanding lower quota- tions being given,atwbich they aro not now obtainable. St. Kilda and .Brighton Railway Seven per Cents., and Holbourne hallway Seven per Conts., being nearly all In London, aro seldom dealt in hore. Mclbourao Ballway Eight pot- Conti., due I860, aro offered at £101. and would bo taken at par. Mel- bourne and Hobson'» Bay Railway Seven por Cents, would cou maud a ready salo if offero-1, tûo Six per Cents aro obtainable at tho Company's limit, £104 10s. Collingwood Gas Eight per Conts. and Melbourne Gai Seven per Couts., are seldom oDered, but aro readilj saleable. "Banks.-Colonial havo boon very steady through- out tho month at £7 los., at which rate thoroarc numerous buyers and few sellers ; they will doubtlosi advance in value. Nationals havo also boon vorj finn, and have changed hands froely at £-1 19s. and SA ISs. Od. New South "Walos havo receded a little, from £13 10s. to £-12, with Bales at intermediate rates ; £41 Is now tho best offer. Victorias har« maintained former rates. £40 for colonial register, and £42 for London rogistor; at which prlcci a limited amount of business has been dono. "Insurance.-Alliance havo had a continued de- mand, and have been steadily advancing in price, During tbo month wo havo sold upwards of i,90C sharos, at prices ranging from 11s, to 12s. Sd. The demand still continues strong at tho latter rate. Aus tralasian fire and Morino havo also risen from 00s to 07s. Od., and a largo amount of businoss hai been dono In them. Their profits for tho lasl half-year amount to £23,800; at tho fort hcomini meeting it is cipcctcd tliat tiley ivi.l capitalize 10s per share, besides paying tho usual dividend. Au» tralasian Life have boen absorbed as fast as offer«! at 11s. Gd., Iii. Od., and 12s. Tho llfo branch of theil business has had an cxccllout start. Colonial havi not altered much in price, but a considerable numbe: of transactions havo been ,dono in thom at 14s. ed. 14s. Od., and 16«., closing buyers at 14s. The! balance-sheet for last twelvo months shows i net prout of £0,307. Their gross assets ar £40,bl« on a capital of £30/00. A dividend o ten per cent, will bo paid at tho approaching meeting Victoria Lifo and General havo been well supported a 32s. Od. to 36s., till the meeting which was hold on th 18th hist., at which it was Bhowu that the profita io the year were £9,821 10s. 3d.¡ a dlvldond of ton po cent, was declared, and tho balance. £5,822 IBs. 3d, carried to profit and loss. It appeared that their busl ness ¡a London was not quite, but very noarly, woum up, only one claim of £1,000 being unsettled, agatus which there was a probability of recovering- £3,00 from French underwriters. The shares, howovor, io after tho meeting, and are now dull at SOs. Victor! Fire and Marino have been in good demand, and han changed hands at from £25 to £27, but are now hob for £30, which will doubtless shortly bo conceded. " Gas.-Ballarat aro very strongly held, and at seldom offered In large lots; £7 10s. is the prie asked, and £7 7s. offered ; but wo think buyers wi concedo tho advance Bondigo are stationary at f roi £317s. (k1, to £4 ; buyers of this stock aro not nunn rous. Castlemaine are seldom dealt in, and are offer« at IU ty per cent, discount. Collingwood and Fituro havo beon very steady, and freely dealt in at £7 6s £7 Cf., and £7 Cs. (k1. Their balanco-shcot for la: half-year, Jual issued, Bhows a profit of £0,910 4* 4d of which £2,000 was premium on tho sale of 2,00 shares for incroaso of capital ; tho usual dividend < twelve per cent, has been recommendtd, and ah a bonus of 3s. per share. Some dissatisfaction lu been expressed as to the salo of the shan hy tlio company. Wo also observe that tb Consumers' Company agitation has again boon n vived. Wo should not be at all astonished to se three gas companlos at work in Molbourno, and a paying tolcrablo dividends. Molbourn» Gas an Coko havo been less dealt in than for soma tim back. Prices havo remained almost stationery buyers at £4 Cs,, and sollen at £4 7s. Gd., with Tory limited amount of transactions at tho buyer price. 1 heir lialf-yoarly mooting was held on Frida last, when tho balance-sheet showed a dirlsib balanco of £10,120 11s. Od., which it waa propose Bhould bo appropriated as follows :-£8,000 to div dend at tho usual rate of eight per cent, p annum, £1,000 to reservo fund, and £1,120 to 1 carried forward to the next half year. It was al! shown that provision was modo for £20,000 of doboi tures which had fallon due. " Kaihvays -Hobson's Bay havo boon in good d limnd at £00 and £81, and havo changed bands ; both prices in moderate parcels. Tho supply of th stock is now limited in this market. Tho S Kilda and Brighton we mention, although ti shares aro valueless. Tho £10,000 worth In ti bands of tho asslgncos of tho Provident Ii stitute aro to bo sold by auction, and w: probably be taken up by the bondholders at nominal sum, by way of improving their tltlo to ti property and gottlng rid of what might be a dUiicul In tho way of Bcttlcment at somo futuro timo. TI alclbourno and Essendon has boen closed, and may ' pronounced an unfortunate speculation. An u successful attempt was made to soil It to tho dover ment ; but it Is probable that It will yet bo taken i by tliein, at such a price as will show a profit on wor inpr. " Miscellaneous.-Bendigo Waterworks are inipro inga little, and find support at 12s. Od. They have bo very dull for a long time, but aro expected to do sol good this Bummer. Ovens Waterworks aro liomin Studley Park brldgo would bo takon at 2s. ed., selb ask 4s. Victoria Kaolin aro all but defunct. Min: Colliory aro succeeding in getting tho water undi and oxpect to bo ablo to work tho mino in about fortnight or threo weeks. Sharos havo changed hat at 20s. for £0 paid. Melbourne Exchange have r been dealt in, and show no alteration in price." BAILWATS. The wool of the next season, it ia expocte "will begin to arrive in about six weeis fro ibis date, if the weather is favourablo Í shearing, Prom Riverina the wool will, I the firtt time, be brought down (ota Echue by the Government line of railvray. It anticipated that the year's shipment w bo unusnally large. It wa« contemplât tbat the Government lines should leased, but it appears that legal» difficult interpoBO themselves. The lines cann bo leased without special authority, Parliament, embodied in an act, and su an act bas not yet beon applied for. T probable early opening of the Echuca li has led to a considerable o-tonsion of t trade of the rivers Murray, Darling, Mi rumhidgeo, Lachlan, &c.-a; tr*de whi hereafter promises to becomo of some 1 portanco. On the Hobaon'a Bay line t traffic within the last few days has be Bomewhat interfered with by the floods, breach -was made in the line-a culv Joying been swept away-but the goc traffic waa resumed after a stoppage of oi two dayp. > aud tho Iobb occasioned by i accident is trifling. An amalgamation, the baBis of a traffic arrangement and divisl of profits, between tho Hobson's Bay, Si urban, and Brighton lines, is contemplât and, if accomplished, would be productive *entfit to all parties. The following is a statement of the tra returns of tho Victorian Government lines of railway, of the Melbourne and Hobson's Biy Ballway, and of the Melbourno Companys Une (late the Melbourne and Suburban Une), for the month of June :- ! Government linos Melbourne and nobsoi»'«Day.. Melbourne Co.'s. Pas- i Mer sengors. chandUo. £ s. d.l £ 17,013 8 124,00114111 3,142 4 8 4,342 17 1 3,042 O S Total. £? S.d. 41,710 3 0 , 7,485 1 0 I 3,912 0 6 LIABIUTT OF SHIPMABTEB3. A. case of some interest to shipowners and others has been tried at Launceston. Messrs. W. W. White and Co., of that city, were tho plaintiffs, and Mr. "YV. H. Smith, captain and part owner of the steamship You Yangs, was the defendant. The action was brought to recover a sum of £13 Gs. 3d., for loss occa- sioned by tbo abstraction of twolve dozen paire of gloves from a case ; £13 2s. 9d., for damage done to the remainder of the articles, which damage plaintiffs alleged was in con- sequence of tho caso being opened whilst on board, permitting the sea air to enter. They alto claimed £2 2s., fees paid for surveying. It appeared that Mr. White's attention was drawn by his clerk to a package just landed from the You Yangs. Tho cletk himeelf had not observed anything wrong until, on open- ing it, he found that some of tho boxes had been entirely and others partially emptied ; and the missing articles could uot well bo dis- covered until a quantity of tho goods had been removed from the top, because the ab- stractions hod been managed most adroitly by catting tho iron hoop-bands, removing one of the bottom boards, cutting the tia or zinc, then taking out the goods, and then nailing the cuso up again. The defence was, substantially, that the depredation was uot committed on board; that the cases wero signed for "contents unknown;" and that they were delivered in the same oidor as they wero received. Tho judgo held that, as the goods in the bills of lading woro signed for as " in good order and well conditioned," the captain muBt be presumed to have satisfied himself that they were so ; and tho robbery, therefore, must have occurred on board the ship. The jury, after retiring for an hour, found for the plalntlns- damages, £32 9s. Since the departure of the last mail for England, the following Bales of Btation pro- perties have been effected:-Tho Mulurula, back block, in tho Catling district, without Btock or improvements, to Mr. David Chrystal; a station on the Avoca River, with about 35,600 sheep, at 25s. per head, to Mr. Alex ai dor Cameron, on the usual terms ; and Messrs. William and Edward Ray's Wardry Station, on the Murrumbidgee, to Mesara. William and Thomas Wraggo, for £12,000, without stock. The Moothumbool Station block, about forty miles from tho Lachlan, at a price which has not tranBpirod. The North and South Borodomanan and Junction sta- tions, in the Benalla district, together with 20,600 sheep, 400 cattle, 160 horses, and the usual woiklng gear, to Mr, Samuel Wilson, of Squat tleseamero, for the sum of £31,000, on the usual terms. Tho purchaser takes about 1,400 acres of purchased land at 20«. per acre, and the stores and fencirig materials at a valuation. stocks ra BOND. The following is an account of the stocks in bond at Melbourne on the 21st inst. : Brandy, 6,819 hhds. 69,408 cases; rum, 917} hhds. 1,242 cases; geneva, 16 hhds., 169,691 red cases, 3,902 green cases; whiäkey, 1.172J hhds. 32,497 cases ; gin, aweetened, 80} hhds. 12,792 cases ; cordials, 1,671 cases; spirits of wine, 166 hhds. ; other spirits, 125 hhds. 9,316 copcb ; wino, 6,289 hhds. 18,07(1 cases ; beer, 7,736} hhds. 8,981 cases and casks ; tobacco, manufactured, 492 half-tierces, 1,144 quarter tierces and kegs, 3,970 thrne-quarter boxes and boxes, 4,144} cases ; do., unmanufactured, 140 hhds. and casks, G cases, 2,120 bales and bundles ; cigari,352} cases ; snuff, 62 packoges ; tea, 13,140 chceU. 32,260 half-chests, 27,410 boxes; malt, 6,718 bags ; coffee, 526 bags, 61 tierces and casks, 89 barrels ; sugar, Mauritius, C0,053 bags; other, 203,181 bugs, 113 casks and cases; molasses, 163 hhds.; chicory, 764 packages ; opium, prepared, 6,031 lb. ; do ' unprepared. 311 lb. ; dried fruits, 8,093 packages ; hops, 1,105 pockots, 8 bales; rice, 42,932 bagi ; colonial spirits, 1,574 hhds. and casks, GO cases. CASH BFIItlTS. Various correspondents have called atten- tion in our columns lately to the effect of the system under whicn the Customs dues aro collected, as regards spirits imported in cases. The duty is leviable on quantity and strength, and tho result is that smaller bottles are continually coming to market, con- taining weakor spirits-or. in other words, more water. The practico in buying from tbo importéis, in fact, is to ask, not the prlco of the article, but the amount of duty. It fol- lows that the middleman, who at first sup- plies his customers with an article excellent in quality and in bottles of full measure, gradually finds it necessary, through the competition to which he is exposed, to sub- stitute lesEer quantities and weaker qualities, trusting to the "label"-or, in other words, the reputation of the producer-to maintain his sales. The loser hy the transaction is the innocent purchaser, whether ho buys for pri- vate consumption or across an hotel bar. This system of buying and selling fictitious quantities and qualities of spirits-brandy, whiskey, and gin-has gone to a great length. The remedy seems to lie in the imposition of n fixed duty on case spirits, on the presump- tion that every twelve bottles hold two gal- lons, and that the article they contain is of a fixed strength. A bill to amend tho Customs laws is much required. SHIPPING INTELLIGKNOE. OOIiD SHIPS. The following is a list of the gold ships which have tailed hence since the 1st of May, with the quantities and the des- tinations stated separately : Dat» .f Soiling. 1804. May July Ship. City of Melbourne 7 True Huton Wonga Wong» Jörgen Bruhn Barwon .. City ol Melbourne Rtuigatlra .. Wong» Wong» WolleBloy ,. Madras souchayi .. Wong» Wonga City of Melbourne Norfolk .. Wong» Wonga. Alexandra.. Garrawalt.. Coorong .. Northam .. Suffolk .. Wong» Wonga City of Melbourno Barwon .. J. E. li. .. Southern Cross Kangatlra .. Destination. Sydnoy .. London .. . Sydnoy .. Hong Kong Sydney .. Sydney .. Sydnoy .. Sydnoy .. London .. Point de Gall* . Sydnoy .. Sydnoy .. Sydnoy .. London .. , Sydnoy .. Sydnoy .. London ,. Adelaide Point de Gall* . London ., , Sydney .. Sydnoy .. Sydnoy .. London .. Launceston Sydnoy .. Ounce«. 4,268 26,777 21,897 S,181 2,347 11,805 15 0,163 2«,73«, 77,019 3.60S 2,654 2,071 7,825 4,401 23 23,155 12 87,101 41,738 5,SS3 4,104 5,034 10,019 10 620 VESSELS SOLD DUMNO TUB MONTH. Schooner Leonidas, 111 ton«, n.m., £1,350 ; schooner Cynthia, CO tons, £050 ; brig Prin- cess Alice, £3,270; barque Lorenzo Sabine, 172 tons, £1,200; barque Eucalyptus, 173 tons, £l,«aOO; barque Dispatch, 254 tons, £2,600; ship Frances Henty, £460 tons, £3,260. Good second-class vessels, from 800 to «100 tons register, copper-fastened, and sheathed with Munte's metal, are in demand at fahr prices. To stand and shift without ballast is one of the principal qualities required for vessels in our coasting trade, along with a light draught of water-say, when loaded, not to ozceed ten to twelvo feet. N0TBS THOM IBB SHA. The mail loaves us without a single repre- sentativa in our waters of the Blackwall fleets of Messrs. Money Wigram and Co., and Messrs. Oreen. The only ship loading uader the Blackwall flag is the Clyde, belonging to Messrs. Soamcs Brothers, which is taking wool at 3d. per lb., while outside vessels aro obtaining ßöths. The Clyde will also take home a larga quantity of silver- lead oro, from South Auttralio-a novel export. Freights ore dull, and, in fact, unquotable. The Africana has been taken up for Hong Kong, to convoy Chinamen at £4 per head. The disasters during the month have bosn few. Tho schooner Warren Goddard, of Melbourne, has been thrown up high and dry on the const of Queensland. Evidences of vi reeks of ono or more coasting crafts lu the Straits led to the employment of the pilot schooner Bip for a few days, but her search was fruitless. The wreck of a vessel, ap- parently of about 500 tonB, has since been reported, as seen from a vessel lately arrived from Kew Zealand. The Gem, schooner, from Adelaide, with wheat and flour, has been laid on the bank of the Yarra, in Humbug Reaoh, to prevent hor sinking, the schooner having been struck by the screw of the steamer Southern Cross, as the latter was proceeding down the flooded river. AbuIp, with fore-mast Bone, was wen in heavy weather, between tho Cape and Desolation Island by the Alicia Bland, which has arrived at this port. It is possible tbo ship may have been the Eliza Sharp, from Elsinore, which is long overdue. SHIPS TO ARRIVE. Sailed. Ship. Ailsa Craig i .. Akbar ,. Agincourt.. .. Astoria Camelia Mathilda. Essex Eliza Sharp Golden Land Great Britain, u.U.. Hebe Ker Almeo Louis Mayor Loretto Morning Light Mutlah .. Monarch .. Mornington Omar I'asha Hoyal Dane Regina Hoyal Saxon Result Southern Empire.. Susiex Sarah Ann.. Scotia Yan Capollcn Ton- nage. Whoro From. Clydo .. Calcutta.. ., Now York f Sundswall, 1 tviaCork ..; Urouwcrshavcn. London .. Ilornosund, V . at Elsinore. f London.. ., Liverpool Rottordam Clmrento Brouworshavon. London ., Liverpool Liverpool London .. London ,. London .. London .. London .. London .. London .. Liverpool ., London .. ,. Liverpool London, Deal .. Leith .. Dato of Sailing. May as. April 10. April 20. May 21. Jan. 10. May 3. May 20. May 23. April IS. Nov. 20. MayO. April 24. April IS. May 5. May 10. May 5. May 8. May 1». May 11. April 10. April 27. April 20. April 2S. April 10. EXPORTS From the Port of Melbourne from the 18th June to the ICth July, 1864, compared with the corresponding period of 1868. aid Taloa*. Quantities. Agricultural im- plements .. Alkali-Soda, toa» Apparel and Blops Antimony ore,tons Anns and ammu nition .. Arrowroot, lb. .. Hags and sacks ., Bark, toni Beor Bottled, gals. .. Draught, do. .. Biscuit, tons Black sand, do. .. Blankets and wool- lens Bones, tons Books Boots and Bhoe* Bran, bushell Bricks, No. Brushy ero Buildingmaterials Butter, tons Gaudies, do. Oanvas Carpeting.. damages, carts, Casks, empty Cement tons Cheese, do. Chicory .. Coals, tons Coir fibro, do. Coffee Confectionery Copper, tons C«ppcrware brassvrars . Cordago, toni Corks Cottons .. , Cutlery .. Drapery .. Drugs Druggist** war» Earthenware Kegs Fancy goods Felt Fish Preserved Salted, tom Flour, ton* Fruit Dried .. Oreen, bushell. Furniture . Glasse Bottles.. Hate .. Window Glue Glassware.. Gold, ounces Grain Barley, buBhcli Beans and peal, do. Malro, do. Malt, do. Oats, do. Bice, toni Wheat, bushell Grindery .. Guano, toni Haberdashery . Bair, cwt. .. . Hardware and Ironmongery Hats and caps Hay, toni., lillies, No. Hollowars Horns and hoofs.. Hope, lb. .. Hosiery .. Instruments Musical ,. Scientific Iron, tons ,. Jewellery.. Lead, tens .. Leather, do. Leatherwar» Lime, bushell .. Live stock Cattle, lío. .. Horses, da. Sheep, do. Machinery Matches and vestas Mats and rugs Meal Corn, Uni Oat, do,. Metal, yellow, do. Millinery .. Molasses .. Nails and seiewi, tons Nuts Otra Oils, gals.,, Oilmen's »tor»» Opium Onion-, toss Paints Paintings and en- gravings Paporbangmgi Perfumery Photographic goods .. Pitch and tar Pipes, tobacco Plants and seeds.. Plato and plated ware Plumbora'ware .. Potatoes, tons Preserves., Printing materials Provision» Preserved Salted, tons Quicksilver Railway material! Raffs, tons Resin Saddlory .. Salt, tons.. Snipe haudlery Silks Skins Slates, No.. Soap, ton* Sped« .. Specimens of na- tural history Spelter, tons Spices Spirits Brandy Cordial« Gin Of win».. Rum ,, Whiskey Undescrlbod Starch and blue Stationery Steel, tons Stoneware Suirar Tallow, ton» Tea Tenta and paulln*,. Timber .. Tin.. Tinware .. Tobacco .. Clgin ,. Snuff Tobacconist** ware Tools and utensils Toys and turnery Turpentine and vamiBh, gala. .. Twine and thread, cwt. .. .. Vinegar, pus. .. Watches & clocks Win» Woodonwar» Wool, lb... Minc, tons.. Uudcsc elgoo'ls tar 6,287 2,000| CO T20 811 2,085 0,826 1,800 1 60 1,708 2,66T 6,044 82S 76 2,200 17 186 1,18« »09 ~~EO 4,604 86,00* i,r~ 184 009 607 1,208 1,020 101 2,60» 486,8201 208 214 1,124 482 66 12,616 64» 1,477 10,960 2» ess is» 286 268 326 3,196 117 008 2,02» 46 414 7,076 1,076 3,098 670 0,082 7,183 180 180 116 170 .60 20 096 1,361 284 172 897 8,081 a,3 1,141 180,875 8,878 172 776 160 1,783 1Î1 80» 14,234 866 4,261 70 11,416 D8 128 10,601 2,440 6,6561 1,468 1,800 781 1,840 1,108 227 1,017 8.75T Í6 SO 18G 1,970 450 S.7S« 1,977 1,069 »,860 t,m 170 5,163! 0,741 16,800 20,47fl 1,414 810 135 16,6C0 810 40 2,697 610,832 io, eos 630 210 6,131 1,810 110 4,863 441 6T 846 1/ 0,648 610 108,8841 8,087 4,077 101 17,04« 160,908 5,140 401 2,072 4,714 l,r"' 4,73ffl 781 1,151 81,617 163 3,408 m 10,020 621 1,694 0,080 77 1,878 807 156 8,805 6,122 8,052 20,200 8,403 1,807 S, 080 228 31,2»7 043 1,314 22,480 844,663! 17' 838,810 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Offlco, Saturday Evening. Tho transactions of the past month havo boon any- thing but satisfactory. Holders havo boen decidedly linn in their demands ; but, as usual during tho winter months, demand has been comparatively light, and prices of Imported goods havo ruled at easier rates, and a very Buiall amount of transactions has ensued. Business generally Ia in ft healthy condition. Tho inquiry for both bottled and draught boors has been . quite unimportant ; and boyond tlio ordinary trado requirements thero has hcen nothing of any noto to report, quotation« remaining aa under, and not roedily realized. Alo-Now Brewery Co.'« Carlisle, £7 fis. ; Bass's No. | 1 (now), £7 6s. ; Joule's (new), £0 ISs. per hhd. ; Byass's, bottled, 0a. to 9s.-3d. ; -London and Colonial Co.'s, 8n. ; . Allsopp'*, Os. 3d.; other bottlers', 8s. Cd. to 6». Stout.-Best brands, £5 lOfl. ; other brewers', £5 por hird. ; Dublin stout, bottled, 9s. to 9s. (d. ; Byass's, 8s. 3d. ; London and Colonial Company's, Be. (k1. ; Barclay's, bottled by Friend, quarts, 8s. 3d. ; other bottlers', 7s. to 7s. Gd. por dozen. Bags and Btggliur.-Notwithstanding tho late aeason of tho year, tho demand has boon tolerably brisk, sud prices aro steadior than for some timo past. Quotations aro :-Throo-bushol sacks, 15s. Od. to lös. 6d. per dozen ; woolpacks, full weight, Os. 9d. to Ts. each ; and gunnies Us. 6d. to 12s. per dozen. For imported butter it Ib quito Impossible) to glvo anythlng like a correct quotation. Tho supply of fresh local mado is so ampio and disposed of nt so reasonable a rate an to entlioly suporsedo tho inquiry for im- ported kinds. Candles aro wholly without Improvement, and .bow no early prospect of any amondod valuo. Tho largo consumption of kerosene and other oils of similar description checks tho salo of candles ; and tho low quotations of tho agents of tho Nova Works for their candles provent any posslblo Improvement in tho valuo of othor descriptions. Quotations aro: Kora stéarine, lOd. per lb. ; liol mont sporm, 9JJ. to 9J.il. ; foreign full-weights, 9J,d. to 9¡d- per lb. Canvas has boen in scarcely any inquiry, and prices ?how no Improvement. Best nary, assorted descrip- tion», Hld. to MJd. por yard. In cement thero has hcen notting doing, and prices remain quito stationary-at 10s. for Portland, 12a. to 12s. Cd. for Koman, aud about 12s. per barrel for American plaster. Checso lias beon In fair Inquiry, sales boing chiofiy confined to small sizes of best English moko, for which lid. to lljd. per lb. may bo quoted as current rates. Coffee has been In botter inquiry. Supplies haro como to hand moro froely ; but stocks_aro light, aud as at this season of tho year consumption usually In- creases, prcsont quotations are likely to ho sustained. Prosont rates rulo as follow :-Ceylon plantation Is quoted at frsm 12d. to lüjd. ; native, lOd. to 10hl. ; Java, lOd. to lOJd. Chicory, 3Jd. to SJd. per lb. for best brands, and in very inodorato inquiry. / Cordage-Manilla rope of smalt sizes, and in parcels of limited oxtont, has been in fair inquiry, at well sustained prices ; for largo sizes, howoror, thero has been no improved demand. European ropo is still dull of salo. Good sorts of twine-, seaming and shop sorts, of very fair salo at steady rates. Quotations aro :-Europe rope, £40 to £42 ; Manilla, small sizes, £52 to £53 ; others, £4S to £49 ; Calcutta Hues, £42 to £)3 por ton ; twine, seaming and roping, 14 Jd. to 14Jd. per lb. Dried Fruits.-Considorablo supplies havo como forward from Capo Town ; but, notwithstanding tho lato season of tho year whon our supplios of froah fruits aro oxhausttu, thoro has boon no disposition on the part of tho trado shown to opcrato, and tho greater portions of the two cargoes offorcd havo boon withdrawn. Quotations aro as subjoined :-Dried Fruits (duty paid). - Apples, 6d. to SJd. ; cur- rants, 8}d. lo id. ; Muscatel raisins (layors), 7d. to 8d. ; Elemo, Od. to 6jd. ; Sultana, 7d. ; Turkey figs, 6Jd. to 6Jd. per lb. ; almonds (soft shall), 8d. to Is. per lb. ; Capo raisins, Od. to OJd. nor lb. Drugs.-Tho market for all descriptions of goods under this heading has been vory Inactivo. Soda crystals and caustic soda havo been in slightly botter demand. Opium also has boon In Bomewhat improrod demand, but prices generally remain without alteration, «nd arequotcd asfollows :-Fiourof sulphur, 23s. to 24s. per cwt. ; carbonata of soda, 10s. to 17s. per cwt. ; soda crystals, £14 to £15 ; caustic soda, £23 to £24 ; soda ash, £8 per ton ; sulphur!« acid, 4d. per lb. ; opium, 1'atna, £200 to £220 per chest ; prepared, 20s. to 20s. 6d. per canister, duty paid. Flour.-For tlio past five months tho market has been in an excited state, with no small oxtont ol spe- culation, originally brought about by a vory consider- able shortcoming in the yield of wheat in this and tho neighbouring colony of Now South "Walos ; prices have, with fow checks, steadily run up, and all sorts of report« obtained footing-that wo, as well as our neighbours, were wilkin not only weeks but days of "starving-point," that stocks wero low In California, and droughts abundant. With this etato of things, holders of and speculators In brcadstufts comfortod and cheered thomsolves, in tho hopo that £30 to £35 por ton for «our was looming In tho distances ; and, although warned by some, whoso pa/it oxperlenco had taught to look forward to tho probability of dldoront results being brought about by the inllux of foreign imports, instanced by ono communication, which wo gavo marked prominence to in our columns of tho 10th of Juno, and addressed to us, on the subject of sup- plies, &c;, by Mr. W. Lawrance, whoto oxporlonco in tho Hour trade in thoso colonies is considorablo. In giving tho following extract, it will ho seen how cor- rectly lila estimate of tho future has beon realized : " It will bo soon that tho imports for tho first flyo mouths oxeced 58,000 tons, or nearly 1,000 tons weekly, and this without any foreign productions. As to what the latter may ho-from whore and whon thoy may como to band-is at tho present moment a matter of conjecture ; but, without going as!de> to any specu- lative question, it is satisfactory to. observo, in the absonco of any heavy drain upon, the' accumulated stocks by exportation, that supplies are equal to nine months' consumption, after deducting tho oxport up to 1st Juno ; and Bhould foreign supplies fall to roach üb In timo, it will be tho first instance such has occurred since Chili and California becauio exporting countries of breadstuff« ; howeror, while tho neigh- bouring colonies havo contributed 23,023 tons in the first Aro months, it is reasonable to expeet that thoy muy yet bo further ablo to meot part of tho defi- ciency ." Towards the closo of previous weok tho culmi- nating point seems to havo beon roachod, whon considor- ablo purchases wero mado boro on tho strength of som« telegraphic adrices from California to Now York, advised on to tho Unitod Klii|idoin, and again ro tolcgraphed on' vift Marseilles, ice., reaching this by last English mall, vid Gallo ; tbeso being to tho effect that prices were high in California, and that Australian orders could not bo executed. On the faith of this, several hundred tons of flour changed hands at prices varying from £17 to £2810s". per ton, cash and terms. Lafct Monday morning flour was quoted at £29 to £30. Buyers, although not roady In action, sollers woro firm, with this only drawback, that the trado and consumen purchased sparingly, in hopes that in oront of Cali- fornia failing to meet our necessities, Chili might come forward with supplies. At this juncture surmlso was speedily set at rest by the advices of next day of the arrival at Auckland of tho Tampico, from Valparaiso, with a cargo of flour, advising that eight cargoes wera being despatched from thence for these colonlos, and that the prices of flour and wheat wero low-vii., flour, £10 to £12 por toll ; wheat, 4s. per bushel-on the 15th May. Tills arrival has been followed by tho Fllomona, at Sydney, with wheat and Hour, thii latter cargo boinrr despatched on speculation on receipt of the first news of our deficient harvest, and on tho 30tb April, and just within three mouth* of the period of our own knowlodgo of tho failure ol tho crops. As might have boen expected, those arrivals and advices havo entirely upset all speculatlvo feeling ; and prices have receded with out bringing forth buyers, and the prcsont aspect of tho market Is Buch os it is impossible to giro quo tatlons. And now that tho fevor is over, and thos« concerned in it are approaching a less excited »tate, wo cannot refrain from expressing our astonishment after tho experience of tho last ten years, thal fow or any would have boon, led to fostoi hopes of such extremo prlcos. Tho expectation! of Juno to September, 1857, whon flour reached £28, and saw it in December of that year at £12 10s. pet ton, must bo fresh in the memories of many. Sinn then, tho moanB of conveying advices by Bteam anc telegraph aro much in advance, as It is now seen ano experienced, and tho effect of this movement w11 possibly bring to our shores hundreds, if not thou sands, of tons of braadstuffs moro than our require monts demand. From timo to tim* we have giver the quotations handed to us by respectable houses, yet wo have net shrinked the responsibility of giving our opinions as adverse to the speculation, .whiel: ' at prcsont tends towards a disastrous end. Tin Imports for past month havo beon limited t< small parcels of flour from Tasmania and Soutl Australia. Although tho latter colony still hold heavy stocks, it has withheld supplies, trusthi( to fumino prices whon tho imo-nont of our ox tromity arrived, hut in this they have again beor woefully disappointed. It will now bo scon that tin surplus for export from that colony will far oxeo« estimate. Tho closing prlco for flour may bo quote« at £22 for Tasmanian, and £25 for Adolaldo. Towi minors still demand £27, but are open to sell at les prices. In Sydnoy tho best brands of Adelaide nn quoted at £25, but few or any buyers. Wheat ha boen In samo way Influenced as flour. It toucher 128\. 9d. last week, whilo sales havo boen mad within tbo last few days at 11s. Cd. por bushol, but a present buyers declino operating at any price Barley.-Feeding sorts havo boon scarco, and prlco: have advanced to 4s. Sd. and 4s, 4Jd. Malting ha' been difficult of sale, owlngto tho low price of importo malt, and 6s. per bushol is tho outsldo figuro for th! description. It Is likely parcels of this grain ma; como forward from Chill and California. Oats, Although holders of old parcels of Irish, Dutch, am Danish aro sanguino of some speculative movemen occurring to help them, yet appearances aro agalns them; tholsBtparccl of Callfonilanarrived at Aucklam was sent onto Sydney to And amarkot.whiloOtagoam Invercargill markets are stocked for the present ; am with a largo excess in our own production, and cor slderablo stocks of imported, it is doubtful if any lui provcmcBt can be looked for. Malzo has fluctuate much within the month, but prices arc easier again Sales have beon mado at 4s. (k1, to 4s. Od. por bushol Bran has run up to Is. 8d. per bushel, hut tho inarkc is less activo, and prices tend downward. llama and bacon of most preferred brands hav been in steady inquiry, at fairly sustained prices ; hu for inferior sorts Is thero no demand,'and sales ca only bo effected at low ratos. Sinclair's hams an bacon havo been placed at from 12¡id. to 13d. per li Quotations, however, may bo quoted as follows : Yorkshire or Wiltshire hauiB, Od. to lid. ; Iris (Sinclair's), 12d. to 13d. ; Cooy's, 12d. ; Ttowan's, bollh (bacon), 12d.; Sinclair's, 18d.; Waring'«, 12d. Moffatt'», 12d. per lb. ; pork (Irish), £5 per barrel beef, £815s. per tierce. Hops are still in very moderato request, and fe Kent and Sossox, 18C3, about 2s. per lb., duty pall Is tlio hlghost procurablo price. Tho low prlcos ruliti for EnglUh malt havo attractod some degree of spool lative attention; transactions, howover, havo ni been large, and, boyond 7s. Od. to 7s. Od. for bo! samples, has not, we bollero, been procured. TI: trado In metals has been very inactive, and qu itatlor aro mostly nominal ; the leading Arms in tho trad Import their own stocks, and prices aro consoquontl difficult to bo ascertained. Tho following are howoro we believe, as nearly tho current rates as can bo asee tamed î-Corrugated galvanized Iron, English mak MO., £34; Morewood's, £80; rod and bar iron, BBi or UB brand, assorted invoices, £13; boiler plat £14 ; Scotch bar Iron, £10 ; hoop Iron, £14 ; an; and T iron, £14 ; pig iron, £5 2s. 0d. to £5 6s. sheet lead, £27 ; shot, assorted, £28 to £20 ; fonclr, wire, £10 to £17 ; cine, Nos. » and 10, £23 to £3( tin plates, 15 to 17} per con», »dranes ; camp oven £10 ; patent nails, 16 per cent, off list. Oilmen's stores aro largely evorsupplled, and voi dull of cale. Extensive parcels aro continually boin forced of! by auction, koeping prices at vol low figure« :-Blue, thumb, lOd. per' lb. ; euri powder, quarts, 12s. ed. to 13s. pordozon ; fruits, bottlei 10s. do. ; Jams and Jellies, lib. tins, 10s. d9.,; lobster lib. tins, American, 7s. to 7s. Od. do. ; macaroni, 84. p lb. ; vermicelli, white, Naples and Oonoa, Bd. do mustard In bulk, Ne. 2, 7jd. to fid. do. ; do. i lib. bottles, 11s. per dozen ; do. in lib. bottle 7s. Od. do. ; oysters, preserved, Ub. tins, Ss, p I dozen ; pickles, pints, Os. to 8s. do. ; salad oil, pints, 11s. Gd. to 12s. !>cr dozen; do., half-pints, Os. Od. to Cs. 9d. do. ; salmon, preserved, lib. tins, 14s. Od. do. ; sardines, halves, 8s. Od. do. ; quarters, 6s. Gd. do. ; sauces, assorted, half-pints, 9s. do. ; do. Wor- cestershire (Lea and Perrins'), 12s. to 12s. Od. d». ; starch (Colman's), aid. per lb. ; vinegar, brown | (Champion's 24), 8s. to 2s. Sd. per gallon ; do., con- centrated, quarts, 9s, Od. to 10s. per dozen ; whit« > -wine, Is. Od. to 1b. »d. per gallon. In tho oil trade thcro has neon a docidod Improve- ment, both in domand and prices, and best brands of keroseno havo ruled at "better figures. Colza and Chincso oils bave also bean firmer ; and turpontlne has been moro inquired for. Quotations aro:-Kero- sene, 4s. Od. to 4 s. lOd. for best qualities ; Chinese, 6s. Gd. ; linseed, at 5s. to 6s. 3d. ; colza, Ga. to 0i..^ Gd. ; turpentine, Os. 4d- to 9s. 6d. ; castor oil, 4s. Od. to 6s. per gallon. In pitch and tar thoro has been nothing doing to alter prices, which continue as follow :-Stockholm tar, 27s. to 29s. ; pitch, 64s. to 58s. per barrel. Powder is steadily hold, but at unchanged rates. Quotations for best brands of blasting powdor ruling from 12d. to 13Jd. per lb. Quicksilver in very light inquiry, but roportcd steady in nrico, at from 2s. 8d. to 2s. lOd. per lb. Tho holders of Indian produco aro gonorally vory firm. Blco is woll held, and no disposition whatever evinced to part with good samples of l'atna sorts under from £23 to £24 per ton, duty paid. Java dressed Is quoted at from £27 to £27 10s. por ton. In salt but little business has been transacted, and quotations remain at about £310s. to £3 12*. Od. for Liverpool fino, and at from £2 10s. to £217s. (Id. por ton f^r cosmo. Slates aro ovcrsuppllcd and dull of salo. Tho latoît prices realized by auctlon'wero as follow :-Duchess, ¿16 ; marchioness, £13 6s. U £13 10s. ; countess, £10 7a. Gd. to £H 10s. per thousaad. The spirit market has boon dull, and without any degreo of activity all through tho month. Tho most preferred brands of both dark and palo brandies liars been of tolorably ready Bale In moderato trado parcols, at steady rates, but for inforlor and low mixing sorts thcro is no salo. Hum has beon in somewhat bottor inquiry, but not to an extent to beneficially improvo prices. Genova romains in steady demand, moro par- ticularly the mont favourite sorts, and of fair mcdluin clzcd bottles, and notwithstanding the largo supphoi on tho way, intimntcs no likelihood of declino In value. Old tombas beon in somowhat better Inquiry, but docs not movo off freely. Whiskoy continues dull of salo, and in very light domand. Quotations are (in bond).-Hartoll's dark, 9s. Od. to 0s. 9d. per gallon ; Ilenncssy's do., 8s. 9d. ; palo, scarce, 10s. ; Otard's, 8s. ; United Tineyard Proprietors' Com- pany's do., 8a. ; Champagne Tineyard Proprietors' Company's do., 7s. Gd. ; Vinegrowers', 7s. Gd. ; Loger Freres', 7s. ; other brands, do., 3s. Od. to 7s. ; pale, Ilcnnessy's, 31s. nor dozon caso; United Vineyard Pro- prietors', 28«. ; Vinegrowers', 23s. ; Champagne Tine- yard Proprietors' Company's, 24s. ; Legor Froros', 21s. ; Clouzcau's, 18s. to 19i. Gonova-JDKZ, orkoy brand, 10s. 3d. to 10s. (k1.perc- so; do., do., «a. (k1, to7s. pcrhalf-caso ;do., othcrbrands, 9s. 3d. to 9s.»d.porcase. Oin-London old tom, best brands, 2s. lOd. to 3s. per gallon ; do. do., 15s. per dozen. Bum-East India, 201» 80 o.p., Is. ed. to 2s. 3d. per gallon. West India, 10 U 12 o.p., Ss. do. ; do., 20 to 80 o.p., Sa. Od. Whiskoy Irish, Mohan's, 8«. Sd. do. ; Scotch, best, 3s. 9d. to 8s. lOd. do. ; best brands, 8s. Gd. to 10s. 9d. per dozen CO60. The sugar market lias been somowhat inactive during tho closo of the month. Holdors are, however, firm in their prices, and the sales effected aro reported at higher rates, moro paiticularly for tho lower de- scriptions. Quotations aro :-Sugar (duty paid) -Mau- ritius-nations, £28 to £31 ; medium oountor<, £33 to £35 ; good do., £30 to £3» ; low groy crystals to good white do., £38 to £43. Java-Ration sorts, £20 to £30 per ton ; yellow sorts, £32 to £83 per ton ; counters, £36 10s. to £3010». per ton. Tea Market.-Tho following market report Is sup- plied by Messrs. Everard and Co. :-" Tbo Lottio Marlo arrived from China, with passengers and a gonoral cargo, on tho 18th of July. Ibis being tho dullest season of the year, tho samo activity In (ho market has not been manifested as the last two or threo months, rendered still moro dull by tho fact that wo have drained the neighbouring colonies of their surplus stocks, which have had to be replaced on arrival, and slightly reduced tho valuo of tho quali- ties of which these imports consisted-chiefly tho very lowest to ordinary congou. Holders gonorally anticipated an Improvement when tho nows por mail arrived, bnt this anticipation has not yet been realized. A few export orders would mako sonio Improvement In tho lower qualities, but at present our demand is a hand-to- mouth ono-ex- clusively for trade purposes, without any desire on tho part of speculators to increaso stocks, licet of tho business of tho mouth has been of a pri- vate nature, and but little success has boon obtained at public auction. We glvo, however, below the various attempts which havo been made publicly, viz. : -Juno 27.-880 half-chests low congou, a ro-lmporta tion from New Zealand, not seid, but Is. 4d. wai re- fused privately. Theos still remain undisposed of. July 15.-1,100 packages, from common to Uno ; a chop of fino Kaisow in half-cheats sold at Is. OJd. ; for a small lot of iii o rich Pekoe flavoured, 2s. td. was refused ; a smallflot of ordinary congou, with leaf, in chests, brought Is. Sid., and half-chests. Is. 5(1. ; aftor wards, «everal hundred packages woro disposed of at these rates. July 21.-058 packages hysonskin per Lay ard was tried ; 5d. was offered publicly, but aftor Ytard« sold privately, at an Improvement on this offer. Black leas.-Congou.-Although a fair amount of business has been transacted (chiefly in re-imports from the other colonicB), the prices havo not beon as satisfactory as lost month for the lower kinds. Specu- lators having withdrawn, the markot has horn left to the demands of the trado only, which at this timo of the year aro not largo, but tho only class of congou which has felt any depreciation is the vory lowest, th« kinds wo look upon as a purely exportable commodity. On th* other hand, clean ordinary congou, with loaf, bos fully maintained previous quotations, whilo the finer kinds havo been decidedly looked upon with more favour, and In somo instancos highor rates have been obtained, but not lu such sized naroola as to justify an alteration in tho quotations. Sou. chong.-Oolong, no eales ; pouchong, sales at lid. Scented orango pekoes aro now In a vory small com- pass, and havo advanced Id. to 2d. per lb. Green Teas.-Countryl gunpowder ia vory scarce, and ad- vanced during th* month fully id. per lb. Country young hyson Is also acareo, and getting dearor, but this is rarely used except In tho absence of gunpowder. Canton greens are a drug. Gunpowder, spurious nw ko, Is in heavy supply, and quotations are nominal, hysonsklmhas been moved this month to tho oxUnt of 700 packages, at Cd. to Od. per lb. Compared with tho prcvloui month, we find tho vory lowest qualities of congou somewhat easier; fine congou, a little firmer; scented orango pekoes, Id. to 2J. dearer; and truo country gunpowder, 4d. doaror." Tho tlmbor trado has been exceedingly dull, and so for transactions havo beon effected as barely to justify any prices being quoted. Tobacco nas boen subject In somo degree to a reaction, Hendy primo Southorn brands aro salcablo, and maintain their prices ; hut tho largo quantities of inferior kinds coming constantly to hand depress prices of other sorts, and alford no limit for quota- tions. From 2s. 2d. to 2s. 4d, per lb. has been paid for good samples of half-pounds and for really fino descriptions of Southern twist close on Os. per lb. bos been paid. In wines thcro is nothing to report. Inquiry is very light, stocks largo, and sales to any extont almost impracticable at anything like remunerativo prices. MELBOURNE MARKETS. Satubday, Jolt 23. Tuk Mil«.-There has been a steady trade domand for flour throughout the week, and millers have boen firm in thoir prices. Fino silk-dressod flour Is still sold in trado parcels at from £29 to £30. Bran Is in brisk demand, and brings Is. 8Jd. to Is. 9d. Pollard in good request, at from 2s. Gd. to 2s. Od. per bushel. Bhtail Marmot.-Butchors'Meat.-Boof,4d. to Gd. per lb. ; mutton, 3Jd. to 6d. do. ; voal, 7d. to 8d. do. ; pi rk, 8d. to 9d. do. ; all accordingto quality. Poultry. -Fowls, 6s. to 6s. per pair ; gcose, 12s. to 13s. do. ; ducks, 6s. to 6s. do. ; turkey«, 8s. to 10s. Gd. ouch. Chceso, 0d. to Is. por lb. ; eggs, Is. Od. to 2s. per dozon ; butter, fresh, lid. to Is. Id. per lb, ; bread, lid. to Is. tho 41b. loaf; milk, Gd. to 7d. per quart. Hat Maiikxt.-Messrs. Butler and Moss furnish tho subjoined report:-"There was a falling off in tho arrivals, which may bo attributed to tho lato rains ; but, notwithstanding, salos woro genorally dull, buyers only purchasing for immediato consumption, as all tho hay offering was moro or loss out of condition, former quotations ruling. Best hay, £7 to £7 15s. ; »econd and Inferior, £3 to £6 ; straw, £2 10s, to £3 6s." Mr. James Fenton reports:-"Tho market continues to be overwhelmingly supplied with inferior sample», scarcely salcablo at any price ; and, if in connoxion with this wo say that the wholo was moro or loss wet, somo idea of tho difficulty of effecting sales may be arrived at. Good samples ar* firm. Best, £G 10s. to £7 10s. ; second, no fixed [price ; straw, £2 10s. to £8." Eastkjix Mahiht.-Tho supplies in tho markot this morning nero below tho avoragn, and prices gonorally bad an upward tendency. Fruit Is getting scarco, and inferior in quality. Som* very fine caulillowors, grovtn by Mr. Chandler, of Gardiner, realizad 18s. por dozen. Iii* following were tho prices ruling ; -Vegetables.-Beet, 8d. to Is. por dozen ; bouquets, 0s. to 12s. per dozen ; cabbages, Is. to 8b. por dozen ; carrots, Gd. to Is. per dozen bunches ; cauliflowers, Is. Gd. to 10s. per dozen ; celery, Is. Cd. to 6s. per dozen ; cress, water, Gd. to Is, per dozen bunches ; garlic, 4d. por lb. ; horseradish, 2s. Gd. to 6s. por dozen sticks ; leek, Od. por dozen bunches ; lettuce, Gd. to Od. por dozon ; marjoram, Gd. to Sd. por dozon bunches; onions, dried, 10s. to 16s. per cwt.; do., groen, (k1, per dozen bunchos; parsley, Od. to Is. per dozon bunches ; parsnips. Is. Gd. por dozon bunches ; potatoes, 4b. Gd. to 5s. 6d. per cwt. ; do., young, Id. to lid. nor lb. ; radish, 4d. to Gd. por dozen bunchos; sago. Du. to Is. per dozen bunches ; thymo, Gd, por dozon bunches ; turnips, Is. to Is. Od. per dozon bunches ; yogo toblo marrows, 2s. por dozen. Fruits.-Apples, Sd. to 4Jd. per lb. ; pears, 3d. to 4d. per lb. Dairy Produce.-Butter, Is. to Is. 2d. per lb ; choose, 7d. te Od. per lb. ; ducks, 6s. to 6*. Gd. por pair ; eggs, Is. Gd. to Is. 8d. nor dozon ; geese, 10s. te 17s. por pair ; hens, 4s. Gd. to 6s. por pair ; honoy, Od. per ib. ; pork, 7d. to Od, per lb. ; rabbits, 2s. to 6s. por pair; sucking pigs, 10s. each ; turkoys, 10s. to 20s. por pair ; hams, Is. per lb.; bacon, Is. per lb. Wool, Tallow, nions, io.-Messrs. B. Goldabrough and Co. furnish the following markot report:-" Wool. Since our last month's report there has not been much business doing, almost th« only lots coming forward being fellmongers' Bcourcd and sllpo. Holders aro Inclined to ask higher rates since tho oncouraging advices received by the last English mail ; and buyers appear willing to meet thoir views in this respect t* a certain extent, as the markot is certainly firmer during tho post fow days. Our colonial buyers wero quite token by surprise when tbo nows carno to hand that wool had advanced in tho May sales, It being generally anticipated that the dearacss of raonoy, probabilities of a continental war, au I, aboro all, the largo quantity to be offorcd, would certainly cause pilcci to have a downward ten- dency. Wo continuo to rccoivo most oncouraging reports from tho inland districts of tho progrojs of tho lambing, which Is expected to execod even that of last year. Tho sheep aro looking exceedingly woll, and promise a vory hoavy clip ; whilst the owners ovince a most commcndablo deslro to havo their brandi In first rate condition, thcro boing, ovon at this early poriod of tho season, a p-cat domand for compotont Bortors to class tho flocks and wool on tho stations. The follow- ing ships havo clcarod during tho month:-July 8, Suffolk, for London, with 680 bales; July 10, J.E.Hi, for London, 740 do. Total, 1,320 bales. Previous shipments, 112,010 bales. Total from October in, 1803, to date, 113,0.10 bales. Hides. -Tho market continues about samo as last month, prices remaining stationary at rates thon quoted-say, ordinary country wot-saltcd, 8s. to 0s. 9d. ; good heavies, in shipping condition, 11s. to 13s. each. The J. E. II. cleared for London on the 10th inst., with about 14,000 ou board. Tallow. Shipment« to tho homo market during the past month show an increase, in fact this is the only way to clear our stocks, there being little or no demand for colonial uso. Wo quoto beef, in shipping order, £27 to £20 ; mixed, £20 to £31 ; and mutton, £32 to £34 per ton. Cloaranccs aro :-July 3, Suffolk, 148 casks ; July 10, J. E. H., 629 do. Total, 072 do." Messrs. J. II. Clough and Co. furnish the following monthly roport for transmission por B.M.8.8. Bombay. " Wool.-Since our last report too following quantity of wool has been shipped, as shown by tho Customs' clearances for the month :-1E6A-week ending June 25, 20,2231b., £2,647 ; week ending July 2,114,7351b., £0,950 ; week ending July », 20,7*01b., £2,010 ; weok ending July 10, 107,010. £10,700 ; total, 8« 31l>lb., £33,207 ; add previous shipments, from October 10, 1801, to Juno l8, 188«, 25,363,0701b., £1,833,091 ; grand total, 26,O8O,i801b., £1,914,358. The fol- lowing ships havo cleared with wool during tho month: -July f, Suffolk, 680 bales; July 10, J. K. II., 740 balee; total, 1,320 bales, Tho advices received from Europe per Madras, to the 20th May, aro of a highly satisfactory character ; and tho prahio awarded to, Victorian wools of last season's growth will provo, no doubt, a source of oacourago ment to producers. Although the absonco of seeds aud burs, and tho gonoral condition of tho clips brought to tho hammor at that dato aro so favourably mentioned, our advices from various parts of tho country lead to tho anticipation that the In-coming clip will bo fully equal to that of tho past season, both In quality and ylold. Tho attention which has boen paid to the selection of suriorlor rams for breeding purposes, will bo more apparent In this way ; and wo have no doubt that a fully corresponding Improvement will bo tho result. Wo propojo holding a salo of imported rams and owes about tho middle of next mouth, and thero Is every reason to bolloro that floikmastors will tako advantage of it to koop up tho character and excellent» of their woola. Tallow. -Shipments hare takon placo during tho month a« per subjoined returns :-July 2, por Suffolk, 143 o«ks; July 10, per J.K.H., C20 casks ; total, 072 casks. Thero has been a fair quantity sold for local .consumption, in tho manufacturo of candles and soap. Best mutton tallow may bo bought for from £31 to £35, and other sorts for horn £21 to £30 Id. por ton. Hides.-Since our last rqiort the J.E.ll. cleared, on July 10, with 13,203 hlues. Price« for superior hoavy-wolght woll ourcd hldos aro very good, as much as 17s. having been paid for picked hides of this class ; whilst light out of condition hides aro difllcult of salo, oxcept at, com- paratively, vory low rate«. Tho Julia Farmer, for London, is now loading with wool, tallow, hldos, Ate., and will Ball hito lu tho present month." Messrs. Cuningham and Macredie supply tho sub- joined roport :-" Wo havo sold a fow lots of seourod wool this week at I2d. Vory llttlo of tho clip of 1803 4 now romains In this market ; and tho total thlpmonts from this port and Qcolong for tlio twelvo mouths onding 30th ult. »mounted to 110,718 bales. Of that quantity 4.27J bales woro shippod between July land October 31,1803 ; 14,930 balo», In November ; 17,892 bales, In DeconiVér ; 17,250 balea, in January, 1804 ; 20,093 bales, in Fobruary ; 10,025 bales, in March ; 6.233 bales In April ; and 4,453 bales, between May 1 and Juno 30." Liva Siocs.-Messrs. Dalrnahoy Campboll and Co.'s roport is as follows :-" Fat Cattle.-A full supply, via. 1,780 head, carno to hand. About ono-thlrd of the abovo number woro ot good to primo, tho remainder second to inferior qualities. Owing to tho full supply and the poor attendance of buyors at tho yards on Monday, tho opening sales showed a fall ot from 10s. to 16s. per head, and. to Urn closo tho samo reduction may bo quoted, oxcept on a fow very primo pens. Wo quoto primo polls bullocks, at from £8 10s. to £9 12s. Cd. ; good do., from £7 to £8 ; second quality do., from £5 10s. to £0 10«. ; inferior do., from £2 to £310s. ; and prime pous cows, from £0 10a. to £7 12s. Od. ; good do., from £3 6s. to £0 ; second quality de, from £4 to £5 ; inferior do., from £1 10s. to £2 10s. Wo havo sold for Messrs. Eddington and Son 130 head of primo quality, tho bullocks at £7 10s. fid., cows £0 le. fid. ; also sixty head second quality, at current rates. Fat Calves.-Total supply, fifty-two hoad, ftolss wore cffoUed a« follows :-For prime quality, from 40s. te 58b. ; second quality do., fron tis. to 36s. ; inferior do., from li«, upwards. Wo havo sold a draft for Mr. A. M'Millan at from 36s. to 38s. Fat Sheep.-The supply this weok did not exceed 7,176. Owing to tho small ness of last week's supply, although Monday was vorj stormy, there was a fair attendance, and a brist trade was done at fully last week's prices th« lots forward consisting of good but mode rat« wolghts. Second and inferior qualities won cleared off as undor ; non« primo carno to hand : Good quality moderato weight wothers brought fron 17s. to 18s. Od. ; second quality do., from lis. te 10s. inferior de., from 12«. upwards. Wo havo sold 1,831 second-class wethers from tho Loddon, at from 16s Cd. to 16s. Also, outside, 947 mixed shoop, In in fcrior condition, at Os. 9d. Fat Lambs.-Tho supplj was much larger than ha« been lately offorod ; and u Uro number wanted Is very limited and the stati of tho wcathor unfavourable, pricoB ruled mucl lower than thoy had dono for Borne timo. Tricoi ranged from 6s. to 14s. Wo could not advise our constltuont* to forward any but vory sinai lots U prime quality. Wo havo sold 40 for Mr T. S. Staughton, at 8s. 8d. - Total supply, 802.' Messrs. Otorgo Kirk and Co. furnish tho followiii| statement :-" Fat Cattle.-Wo havo again to ropor a full supply of cattlo ; In consequence, prices ar scarcely so firm as last quoted, rho demand fo primo quality continues good, and as tho number ti hand of this description was not lal go, the doclino li prices was not so marked as In other sorts. Wo quot primo bullocks, £8 6s. to £0 7s. Cd. ; do. cons, £0 2s Cd. to £7 10s.'; good bullocks, £6 10s. to £7 ; do cows, £4 10s. to £5 10s, ; middling bullocks, £1 te £0 ; do. cows, £3 to £4 por hood. Shoop.-Abou ' 7,000 carne to hand, none of which were primo. Thi demand is not very nctlve, excopt for good quality We quote good wothers Ids. to 18s, Od., others fron lis. td. to 16s. per head." Latióos. aIahuct.-The Inquiry for all description of labour las throughout tho month boen vory limited as a matter of course, In our mid-winter thorn ia m cultivation or farm work being carried on, and o: stock and sheep stations boyond the ordinary routiu .f work there is no special activity. The somowha altered position of the resldonts of Mclbourno and It suburbs causes a greatly decreased Inquiry for mai servants of all classes, and boyond tho occasion! inquiry for a comparatively fow lnon-cooks, waitoi for hotels, or grooms, the demand Is vory lirnltoc Thoroughly respectable and competent female scrvaut aro readily engaged ; but young womou unusod t household work, and from late arrivals bolng unabl to glvo any colonial reference, Iiav« much diaiculty i obtaining situations. Kates of wtges for really abl servants are steady, but for other classes quotation aro scarcely obtainable. Seamen aro largely ovc supplied, and for any voyages not over £4 per mont for ablo hands is procurable. SHIPPING OP THE MONTH. . FOBT OF MELBOUBNE. Ahuivau aid CLBAnAicis binci our. Last Suuuaii' [B., British ; A., Americau ; Au., Austrian ; Da Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P Portuguese ; H., Hamburg ; Hn., nanoToriar N., Norwegian ; S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd Sardinian ; Belg., Belgian ; Hr., Bremen ; l'r., Pru clan ; Ii, Russian ; ?., ship ; b., barque ; br., brit se., schooner; s.S., steamer.] June. AURivfiO. 26\. Robert Passenger, B. b., 440, C. Mooro, Maurltlu -B. B. Nicholson and Co. 28\. Anna Catharine, B. bc.,'100, C. Hanson, Capo.Tow -James Henty and Co. 28\. Alicia Bland, B. s., 1,184, J. W. Brown, Londo -«'Culloch, Sellar, and Co. 20\. Leaping Water, B. s., 1,174, M. Luckie, Londo -Clovo Brothers and Co. 20\. Columbino, D. b., 608, E. G. Kok, Blmlopotam. Moor«, Hawthorn, and Co. 20\. Frederick Martin, Br. b., 312, H. Hashagon, Ne York.-Lord nnd Co. 20\. Martha Birnie, B. »., 833, H. M'Queen, London. Dalgety and Co. July. 0\. Ovcrmann, Da. b., 290, E. Guttscho, Hamburg. Haego and Proll. 6\. D'Artaguan, F. b., 250, C. F. Bresson, Bordoau -Bligh and Horbettle. 8\. Golden Horn, B. fl., 1,114, J. F. Bico, London. Mlchaolis, Boyd, and Co. 8\. Ann Jane, B. sa, 140, B. Watkins, Capo Town. Dalgoty and Co. 10\. Elizabeth, B. b., 203, S. Grant, Calcutta,-Josh Brothors. 13\. Madras, B. O.S., 60S, A. B. Farquhar, Point Galle,-J. Sparkes. 13\. Lottlo Marl», B. s., 1,047, C. O. Smart, Ho Kong.-Kong Meng and Co. 10\. Cecilia, S. b., 442, J. H. Svendsen, Mauritius, Dalgoty and Co. 15\. Moira, B. s., 850, A, Smith, Leith. - Miller a Johnston. 15\. Jan Hondrick, D. i" 474, J. Lolivolt, Batavia. Victoria Sugar Company. 15\. Kingfisher, A. s., 1,103, O. Freeman, Nowcastlo, Captain. 10\. Ho Hoang, B. n., 164, G. Allordyco, Mauritius. Dalgoty and Co. 10\. Lady Egidla, B. a., 1,239, W. A. Corrio, Groonoi -Holmes, White, and Co. 21\. diarios Edward, B. s.S., 80, A. Clarko, Dumb ton.-Captain. 23\. Gaspard, F. b., Adelaide 23\. St. Magnus, F. b., Adolaldo. 23\. Marccllus, B. b., Adelaldo. Juno. cLiunnD out. 27\. Northam, B. s.S., 006, N. J. Skottowe, Point Galle.-J. Sparkes. 28\. Aborgoldio, B. s., 028, N. Wordon, Guam Holmes, White, and Co. 20\. Bosphorus, B. b., 820, J. Ollard, Auckland. Woollcyiand Nophow. 20\. Lord Nolson, B. b., 247, G. Bolsse, Guam JoBhua Brothers. 80\. Fob-Held, B. s., 588, Georgo Faino, Nowoastlo. Woolloy and Nephew. SO. Ocean Home, B. s., 1,007, J. Brown, Manilla Michaeli«, Boyd, and Co. July. 2\. Jeannlo W. Payne, A. s., 727, A. Burko, N( oaatlo.-S. de Beer. 0\. ltacor, B. s., 743, It. F. Hodgson, Calcutta Joshua Brothers. 0\. Governor-General, B. s., 1,100, E. Hunter, Calcul -Geo. Martin and Co. a, 13\. Eliza Goddard, B. b., 102, W. Davies, Guam Young and Martin. 13\. Empress of tho Seas, B. «., 1,243, D. Dav: Callao.-Bright Brothers and Co. 14\. Madras, B. s.S., 000, J. Farquhar, Sydnoy Sparkcs 14 Black Prince, B. «., 804, E. Crowo, Callao.-DI v son, Williams, and Co. 14\. Tornado, B. s., 721, S. Undorwood, Point Calle.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 14\. Stag, B. b., 258, J. Martin, Guam. — Young & Martin. 10\. Alford, B. s.S., 038, 0. F. 8. Chatfield, Nowcas -Sprigg, Twentyman, and Co. l8. Capo Horn, B. s., 724, J. Ball, .Valparaiso Smith, Strachan, and Co. 10\. Frances Hlllyard, A. s., 97fl, J. Levitt, Callac Lord and Co. 20\. Island City, A. b., 458, J. Chase, Newcastle Osborn, Cushing, and Co. 20\. Bed Bobo, B. s., 1,454, B. Spratloy, Calcultt Bright Brothers and Co. 21\. Leaping Water, B. s., 1,174, M. Lucklo, N Zembla.-Clovo Brothors and Co. 28\. Martha Birnio, B. s,, 831, H. M'Quoen, Guan: Dalgety and Co. Í8. John Lidgott, B. s., 770, J. S. BoborUon, Gui -Dalgety and Co. 23\. Hobert Passenger, B. b., 440, C. Mooro, Mau it -B. B, Nicholson and Co. 