OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, Monday, September 26, 1864. The main topic of the month —that at least which will rivet the attention of Australian—is a revela-<*> tion of the secret history of 1863, contained in a leading article in the Times of Saturday, September 17\. The following is the extract in question :?* "We are in possession of information which cornea to m in a very authentic shape, that Russia iolly expected the breaking out of war as the result of her correspondence with the English and French Governments last year, and she was resolved that this tune at least she would do something better witl* her fleet than suffer it to be cooped up behind the defences of Cronstcadt or eunk inglonouslyia-the harbor of Sebaatopol. She had studied with much attention, and apparently no little profit ills taetus of the Confederates in the present Oivfl War. She had seen how much injury ? very small faux can in fliot on a very (large and flourishing oommeroe, and though she probably did not anticipate Jthaj._ahe could gam, in spite of the navy of England, suc cesses as decisive ai those achieved fay the Alabama and other Confederate cruisers, she atiQ might very reasonably think that she could strike a blow whiob, though it might not succeed in crippling the com mercial superiority of England, would aererthel?Ss inflii*. grant, discredit on her anna and serious damag? ?? on her commerce. She well knew that after war had bees declared her fleet could not hope long to keep the seas against such a force as England and Fraooe could bring against it. She had chosen a vulnerable) point, and on that, so soon as war was declared, aha was determined to make a nroop. For Hub purpose instructions had been issued to the Banian admiral* on the American sad Californian cossts, directing them to leave their respective ports, by'different routes, for a common place of rendesvons, to be asear* tamed in mid ocean by latitude and longitude. Tb? fleet thus assembled was to hold itself in rnadinesg, is the event of a war with England, to bear down on the Australian colonies. Melbourne was to be the first place attacked, then Hobart Town, inl^—m—i^ then Adelaide, then Sydney, then New Zealand. Kb? force that was to be assembled for the purpose wsa fully adequate to the service required of h. The ships that were to be detached fewn. the New York station would have mus tered 156 guns, and those from Japjn ?not California would have carried altogether 43 guns* the number of seamen was 2,971, and there **•"£ officers. The vessels were principally aimed wittt 168-pouudew, but the Admirata had ?*? te robtam fcomNew York whatever rifled ?uu? *£* P*^ ?• quire. Of ??iir?the?isno^wd?V*??J. <?• as we believe it to be, to ?£*? i£f££J ££sk Bwia.? I* BogUndwiUf*o w?P with powerfa tUUoas, the must expect that they will choo?o the Weakest point they can find, whether the cause of the quarrel be an idea, s nationality, or a sentiment. The plan Menu to have been skilfully eoneeivedj and was, no doubt, far better than the old one of treating j our fleet as something that is to be laid up in lavender, to be protected and taken care of instead of being employed for the purpose of injuring the enemy. If we had been foolish enough to be drawn into a war with Russia for such a chimera as the regeneration of Poland we should not have had the slightest right to complain, though she had made as feel the evils ofthe conflict in the most sensitive place and in the severest manner."". What may have dictated the publication of this news at the present moment does not very clearly appear. Perhaps there was no particular reason, or the Times was glad to seize hold of such a bonne boiuihe at this very flat season, or it could not resist the opportunity of backing up the Government in their present peace and non-intervention policy, or it was glad to read our antipodean fellow-subjects a lecture. The lpading journal must certainly be cor rect in assuming that the intelligence " will be re cured with great interest in the Australian colonies," and that it wOl furnish an argument to those who are so strongly opposed to the continuance of transpor tation, that they would rather contemplate separation than be baulked of their object. The Times meets their views in the following fashion: —" But our Australian friends may do well to look at this matter from'the separation point of riev, and see if their case is much mended. At present nobody can attack them without bringing upon themselves the whole power of England; bat, once separated from England, the power which chose to attack and plunder them would be subject to no such terrible liability. The population of Australia is somewhat more than a million, gathered in a few great towns, or thinly scattered over a vast continent. We have just seen in Denmark the fate of a compact nation, consisting of two millions of men, and how little right avails where strength is want ing. Australia, separated from England, would no longer be led into war for the sake of English policy, font she might find more fruitful causes for war in her osvu weakness and the cupidity of the jgreat Powers than she now does in the foreign policy of England, not, of late years at least, animated by a very belligerent spirit. It would be just as easy for Bussia to plan a little expedition of the kind we have been describing without going to war with England, but the Australian colonies must admit that such an expedition would be infinitely more difficult for them to resist. They will do well to consider whether the vast wealth accumulated in great towns like Sydney and Melbourne, on the very edge of the ocean, would ever have been created or retained but for the security against plunder insuied by the first naval Power in the world. *Erpiree' convicts are, no doubt, a very serious evfl, but should these Aus tralian zealots give effect to their yews they will probably find that the art of plundering is by no means restricted to persons who have undergone punishments under the sentences of the Courts of .Law, but that their tills may be as effectually emptied, their ware bouses as completely sacked, and then- women as grievously wronged by the epauletted warriors of European States as by those romantic bushrangers who have revived the memory of Turpin and of Maehcatb in the secluded valleys of Australia. To this it may be replied—apart altogether from the question of separation, which is not seriously entertained, so far as I can judge, in Australia—that European States do not now act as freebooters in general, however disposed to wrong their neighbors, and that do European nation would be tempted to attack with the view of conquering so distant a country as Australia and energetic a race as her population. The paucity of other topics apparently has in duosd the Examiner to indulge in a tirade against " The new colony of Northern Australia." I send you the article in fun, but may here just state that it condemns the climate and soil of that region as pro ducing no vegetable product useful to man, except grass and wood. Its highest animal productions are "untameable savages and kangaroos." The labor ing population must "necessarily be Asiatics or Africans." Wheat, barley, and potatoes will have to be imported, but perhaps the new colony may grow maize. This is evidently a great concession. Very little, if any, sugar, coffee, or cotton can be grown there. The horse, ox, buffalo, and hog may be in troduced ; the sheep will thrive, but will it yield a fine and abundant fleece under an equatorial sun. ? There are also no mines. The site for a capital and port is * a most inauspicious one ;* the idea of a telegraphic communication with India and England is preposterous, and altogether 'the prospects of success to such a colony as we have been de scribing are not flattering, and they would not be rash who should go the length of prophe sying its inevitable failure." The Examiner does not do things by halves. Some time ago it demonstrated that we could not increase our supply of cotton from India; but, some bow, spite of its ipte dixit, we have received some threefold the quantity of that precious staple from our eastern empire. If the description of the Ex aminer be right, then those who have visited and pnt on record their impressions of Northern Australia mast be wrong. The writer is so little posted up on the subject that he does not know that there are two proposed settlements, and very far apart, and not one, and that South Australia and Queensland are acting quite distinct from each other. If the representations of the Examiner be correct, the population of these two colonies, who ought to have the best means of judging 'for them selves, are the victims of a transparent swindle, and the many people in England who have bought town lots in Northern Australia have bought a pig in a poke. Has the Examiner drawn upon imagination for its facts? The transportation question is etui being ventilated in the press, and since last month a summary of the report of the Argus special commissioner to Western Australia has appeared in the Times and the principal newspapers of the country. About ten days ago the leading journal contained % I—Hing article, in which, after the salient features of the report hare been summed up, the Times goes on to say:—" Assuming these statements to be correct, there seems no reason to doubt the correctness of the inference of the Argus commissioner that Western Australia is not a suit able place for the reception of convicts under a system which contemplates their absorption into and assimilation with a prosperous, free community, whose rapidly-increasing capital would hold out to them the prospect of obtaining on honest indepen dence. If transportation to Western Australia be continued, ite effect will evidently be to expel free labor from the colony, and to leave it entirely in the possession of such members of the * expires' class as are not enterprising enough to find their way to * the other side.' This is certainly not what was intended with regard to the convicts themselves, nor vet with reference to the other Australian colonies. The English Government never meant that Western Australia should be a mere receiving station at which convicts might remain for a few months or years, to seek their fortunes at the termination of their sentence in the colonies of the East; nor was it intended that the convicts should get the command of the labor market and drive the free settlers oat of the country as fast as they are im ported into it at the Government expense. A com munity sharply divided into free and bond, in which the bond have a large and increasing majority, and in which, from the discouragement of free immigra tion the disproportion between the sexes wa? so enormous, could never hsve been contemplated for such ft purpose. A more searching inquiry into the nature of the country, and a little attention to the laws of political economy, which have asserted themselera in this instance with singular clearness and distinctness, might have enabled anyone to fore see these things. The facts stated by the Argus Commissioner are fully sufficient to account for the phenomena he describes, and thus the two mutually tend to confirm each other. The information seems to lead to the conclusion that if Western Australia is to fee retained as a penal colony it can only be on the -terms that those who enter it shall never be allowed to leave it, and that the idea of associating bond and free labor in such a country must be altogether given up. The Daily Sews, in an article on the 22nd instant, also discusses Mr. Wilson's project for sending back to England some of the worst criminals. Though not a matter to be frightened about, it is an exponent of the indignation which agitates the whole group of colonies. The Daily News very justly claims to have done " what it could on the right side when the decision for or against transportation was to be made." Now the question returns with fresh force —what to do with our oriminals! The best perma nent remedy is to deal vigorously and wisely with juvenile criminals, who Lave been so checked by the Bteasures of late years that they have not only ceased to increase, but are continually diminishing. But meanwhile we mnst make up our minds to deal with our oriminals. " When we have become habituated to the thought of a definite class whom we have to prevent from doing mischief, and to improve if we can, we shall provide the neces6ary apparatus. While growing wiser, we must put to imme diate uee such knowledge as we have obtained. The most prominent truth is that hard labour —the Teal thing and not the sham—is the Te*y best discipline possible for criminals. There is plenty of hard work wanting to be done, and when ever we hsve brought together the convicts needing the discipline of labour and the works which are waiting for a due supply of labour, we shall cease to look wistfully over to Australia, longing to send over there the troublesome people who will certainly never go then again. It is to be hoped that in hard work may be found a resource for our female con vieta, whom we certainly do not yet know how to manage. Through many channels of disclosure it has lately become known that the prison lift of our female convicts is full of mischief to them and to fftrfbodr concerned with them. We inspect it will turn out before long that strenuous bodily toil is no less necessary to them than to the men who are wield ing the spade and the pick on the moor or in the quarry. However long or short a time it may take -to make us wise in this department of our social duty, we have of late learned clearly that we cannot shift the charge of our criminals upon anybody else. If we cannot manage better, we must keep tho worst' class in ward for life at any cost. Our encourage ments are sufficient for our support in this task. Useful, necessary, self-supporting public works will more and more become the means of effecting the main purposes of punishment, and by using them we shall more and more ascertain the ground on which we stand, till it can no longer be a matter of dispute between a Beoorder of Bath and a Becorder of Bir mingham, at a British Association meeting, how fast our criminal order is declining, and, indeed, whether it is declining at aIL It may turn out to be a social benefit to England, at it certainly is a, much needed lesson to us as individual citizens, that our countrymen in Australia refuse the duty and the inconveniences which are properly oar own." These are precisely the views I have more than once ventured to express in your columns. Such articles as these—the publication of the Argvs report from Western Anstraua, the general acquiescence in its conclusions, the conclusions of (be Timss, whioh I sent you last mail, and the fesble opposition raised by Mr. Boss Mangles and a few other interested capitalists, indicate now ripe opinion is on this side the globe to listen favorably to the demands of Aus tralia, and to endorse the Colonial Office in the deci sion, which moat sooner or later be taken, to refrain from Bending our convicts to any part of the Aus tralian continent. Spite of the Examiner, I believe the town lots of the Northern Australian Company continue to meet with a considerable demand in the market, and com mand a good premiums but some persons complain i that they don't know what they have bought, the site { of the town being necessarily undetermined. This is true, bnt no truer than when they complainants first bought their lots. It was thought possible that by this time we might have had news via Timor of the arrival of Colonel Fmniss at his destination, but none has as yet been received, though anything reaching Timor would come to England via?ataviaby the new arrangements of Mr. Walters, the representative of South Australia in London. The British Association has held one of its most effective meetings at Bath, the population of which fair city, female as well as male, enjoyed a week of scientific teasting, if not of dissipation. Never during the 40 years of the existence of the Association have its meetings been better attended, the attractions greats', or the andiences more enthusiastic. This last feature is doubtless owing to the—l had almost said superabundance of the fair sex, who, as " asso ciates," constitute a full third of the members of the Association. Bath, the city of Sing Bladud and Bean Nash, the favorite of the Honiara, and the paradise of modern dowagers, is a place peculiarly suitable for such a gathering, and, with its lias forma tion, with its fossils, oolite beds, and the limestone chasms of Cheddar and ironstone of Frome, a rich field for the geologist. Then, there are its wondrous mineral waters, which the new President, Sir Charles liyell, seized upon as the keynote for his most inte resting inaugural address, showing them to be con nected with the subterraneous action of volcanoes and the formation of new metals "from liquid solutions." Indeed, the President attribu ted the healing virtues of these hot springs' to the influence of the casicnm, rubidium, \ thallium, and indium—the new metals dis | covered by the spectrum analysis which they con tain, and hopes that some of the newly-found ingre dients, when procured in larger quantities, may fur nish medical science with means of combating diseases which have hitherto baffled all human skilL" In other respects Sir Charles Lyell's inaugural address was fascinating as well as important. He drew a vivid picture of the ages preceding the histo rical, the monuments of which decidedly exhibit the proofs of a general alteration in the position, depth, and height of seas, continents, and mountain-chains since the commencement of the glacial period. Time was when a channel of the sea separated Wales from England ; and the Cotswold Hills, at the foot of which is the city of Bath," formed one of the nume rous islands of an archipelago into which England, Ireland, and Scotland were then divided." Then the great desert of Sahara was covered with the bed of the ocean, and the Alps towered to a greater altitude than is now the case. Here is a dim glimpse of the obscure past, a la Lyell. "Archaeologists are satisfied that in central Europe the age of bronze weapons preceded the Soman in vasion of Switzerland; and prior to the Swiss-lake dwellings of the bronze age were those in which stone weapons alone were used. The Danish kitchen middens seem to have been of about the same date; but what VL Lariat has called the reindeer period of the south of France was probably anterior, and con nected with a somewhat colder climate. Of still higher antiquity was that age of ruder implements of stone, such as were buried in the flnviatile drift of Amiens and Abbeville, and which were mingled in the same gravel with the bones of extinct quadru peds, such as the elephant, rhinoceros, bear, tiger, and hyena. Between the present era and that of those earliest vestiges yet discovered of our race, \ valleys have been deepened and widened, the course of subterranean rivers which once flowed through caverns has been changed, and many species of wild quadrupeds have disappeared. The bed of the sea, moreover, has in the same ages been lifted up, in many places hundreds of feet, above its former level, and the outlines of many a coast entirely altered." Sir Charles rather complains of the reluctance to allow the geologists time enough for the operations of nature. He thus happily illustrated his point:— " It is related of a great Irish orator of our day, that when he was about to contribute somewhat parsimo niously towards a public charity, he was persuaded by a friend to make a more liberal donation. In doing so he apologised for his first apparent want of generosity, by saying that his early life had been a constant struggle with scanty means, and that 'they who are born to affluence cannot easily imagine how long a time it takes to get the chill of poverty out of one's bones.' In like manner, we of the living generation, when called upon to make grants of thousands of centuries in order to explain the events of what is called the modern period, shrink naturally at first from mairiwg what seems so lavish an expenditure of past time. Throughout I our early education we have been accustomed to such strict economy in all that relates to the chronology of the earth and its inhabitants in remote ages, so fet tered have we been by old traditional beliefs, that even when our reason is convinced, and we are per suaded that we ought to make more liberal grants of time to the geologist, we feel how hard it is to get the chill of poverty out of our bones." At the same time this prince of geologists is ready to admit that J " the whole series of records handed down to us are now more than ever regarded as fragmentary,"; ?more defective than before," and that it may be doubted if "nature" ever intended" to leave a complete record of all her works and operations for tho enlightenment of rational beings who might study them in after ages." You will observe from a report I send herewith that Mr. Torres* read a paper before one of the sections on the Registration of Titles of Land, which was very well read, and gave rise to an interesting discussion. Sir Charles Cooper made an excellent speech on. the occasion, and the Recorder of Bath expressed his strong approval of Mr. Torrens's plan, which would soon be carried in England as well as Ireland, but for the opposition of that formidable body, the solicitors. But it is evident that the ques tion is making much progress in public opinion, thanks to the indefatigable exertions of Mr. Towns and his friends. There was a good muster-roll of celebrities at the Bath meeting; the veteran President himself, who has grown grey in the pursuit of his favorite science, and whose geological works were the delight of the past generation as they are the study of this, is a host in himself. Then there were Bishop Oolenso, the observed of all observers, the most courted of all the visitors ; Sir Roderick Morchison, the founder of the Geographical Society, whose prescience foretold the auriferous riches of Australia; Captain Speke, the discoverer of the sources of the Nile, whom Provi dence removed by so awful a calamity whilst girding himself for a conflict with his former colleague and late rival, Captain Burton; Professor Phillips, the President elect, who exhibited a skull which he de clared to be 6,400 years old; Sir W. Armstrong, the great artillerist; J. McDouaQ Stuart, who, by the way, read a paper on his Australian explorations; Dr. Livingstone, whose wiry frame still exhibits a wonderful elasticity, and courts new dangers in Cen tral Africa; Mr. GHaisher, the intrepid aeronaut; Mr. Crawford, who vigorously makes war upon all orthodox opinions on scientific questions; and Sir Henry Bawlinson, who vigorously defends them. It need hardly be said that geology was the most popular subject at the late scientific parliament Those who have formerly opposed the advanced theories which have sprang out of recent discoveries did not put in any appearance. Still, geological data, though yearly accumulating, are, as Sir C. Lyell says, bo "fragmentary" that no definite superstructure oan be raised upon them. Instead of the Plutonists and Neptunists of half a century ago, we have now the Convulsionists and Unifonnitanans, whose names sufficiently indicate their differences. Sir C. Lyell belongs to the latter, Sir B. Murohison to the former. The former demands thousands of centuries in order to explain the events of what is called the modern period, when, he leaves it to be inferred, our globe may have been habitable. The comparatively late I appearance of man is compatible with the Convul sionist theory, but not with that of the Unifonni tarians. The latter require at least thousands of years to account for the human vestiges associated with the gravel of Abbeville and Amiens, and the bronze and atone ages. If, as Sir Charles ?ays, man was con temporaneous with the extinct mammoth ana rhino ceros in Britain, and, at Mr. tfoor* affirms, h? may have witnessed an Arctic flora in Devonshire, and hunted the mammoth in a forest over which our largest ships of war now ride at anchor, ages must, according to geological formula, have since intervened. Must we then take up with an idea thrown out by Hugh Miller, that there may have been a" race of human beings prior to Adam and Eve ? TWb is not the only direction in which " old tradi tional beliefs" were rudely challenged at Bath. In the ethnological section, Mr. Crawford assailed the dogma that the human race has sprung from a single couple, and that the earth could have been peopled from a single point of its surface, and stoutly main tained that there are distinct types of men which no climatic influences could essentially change. Here the argument is more speculative, and Professor Bawlinson, of Oxford, met Mr." Crawford with the remark that the migrations of man now going on in dicate-the way in which the TnHi?na had passed from j Asia to America, and that language is to a great ex-j tent so identical as to prove that the various races i are derived from a common stock. The absence of Professor Owen from discussions in which be is so well qualified to share is greatly to have been regretted. The romance of science wbb also remarkably illus trated by the lecture delivered by Professor Soscoe at the Bath Theatre, on the action of light as re vealed by the spectrum analysis. I need hardly refer to the established fact that by taking light to pieces it has been discovered that the metals above referred to are ingredients in the composition of the sum. One of them is magnesium, Mr. Soscoe ex hibited some wire formed out of this fyiptal, which, when ignited, lit up the '.Theatre. By its means Ihe was enabled to take a capital photograph of Mr. President I/yell in the presence of the crowded as* aembly. There is already a Magnesium Companyj (Limited) which supply the wire at 3d. per foot. We i ehall soon probably bear of its being employed in Tnininp: operations, and some people are confident it will supersede gas if not sunlight! Ecclesiastical controversy has been active during the month. Dr. Pasey has published a protest against the recent decision of the Judicial Committee of Privy Council on "Essays sad Reviews." He has procured the opinion of the Attorney-General Bnd Sir Hugh Cairns to the effect that these judgments "do not, by necessary implication, or otherwise, fur nish the means of determining, in the abstract, any of the legal questions raised by the present case. Those judgments were, they say, merely -negative answers to the enquiry whether every clergyman was bound to affirm the plenary inspiration of the Scriptures, and that it is impious or heretical to entertain or express a hope, that even the ultimate pardon of the wicked who are condemned in the Day of Judgment may be consistent with the will of Almighty God." Notwithstanding this opinion, the j Begins Professor of Divinity denounces the Lord! Chancellor as " poisoning the springs of English jns-1 ties in matters of faith," Dr. Posey says that &ej; "irongrasp of theTudors" is held "more tightly than ever " upon the free action of the Church, and that '• it is time to cast off the anti-Christian tyranny of | the State." He tells the Church to ask for the liber ties which Dissenters enjoy, and obscurely hints at the formation of a Free Church; but as if alarmed at the very suggestion, returns to less revolutionary aims, calls upon Church men to "league together for the protection of the faith" by returning orthodox members to Par liament, and suggests a general suspension of contri butions for church building and church endowment until the heresy legalising Court shall be modified. The Times severely castigates the tractarian doctor for his violence of language and distortion of the question at issue, and reminds him that in tract 30 Dr. Pasey pleaded for a latitude for his own friends which be is now anxious to deny to others. The four Archbishops have put forth an appeal for pecuniary help in aid of church work in the British colonies and dependencies. There is, they say, a large emigration of our own poor, who, unless we plant among them the Church of God, must lapse into heathenism. The Times deals with this appeal after a very caustic fashion. A more exciting subject is the Baptismal Begenera- (ion controversy raised by the sermon of the Bey. C. EL Spurgeon. The minister of the Metropolitan Tabernaale has found defenders in the Bey. W. Lan ded of the Diorama Chapel, several anonymous writers, and the English Churchman, and other High Church papers. In addition to the Hon. and Bey. Baptist Noel, the Bey. O. Winslow (Baptist) of Bath, and a host of clergymen have taken up the opposite ground. Mr. Spurgeon's brother ministers con demning his strong and uncharitable denunciations, the clergymen justifying their doccrinal views and practice. More than a score of pamphlelfe have been issued on the subject pro and con-, and fresh fuel has been added to the controversial flame by the formal withdrawal of Mr. Spurgeon from the Evangelical Alliance. In a published letter announcing this step j he maintains his ground that the Evangelical clergy of the Church are guilty of "grievous dissimulation," and that their subscriptions are "dishonest in the highest degree." He says he has imputed nothing, and that he has merely asserted truisms of the most obvious character, "I have said," be continues, " and say again, that it is neither honest nor moral for men to swear one way and believe soother, and I have not imputed auch conduct to the brethren in question. I have proved it, alas! too sorely. If any clergyman can Bay that the words under dispute exactly express his own views, and that he would not wish to see them altered, I have only 80 far dis sented from him as your roles allow, and have upon that point, but upon that only, even vindicated his position in the Anglican Establishment." He declines to retract anything be has preached or published, and adds, "I impeach before the bar of universal Christendom the men who, knowing that baptism does not regenerate, yet declare in public that it does; if Christendom will not consider the impeachment, let it stand on record before the merci ful face of the Great Head of the Church, and let Him do as seemeth Him good." Mr. Spurgeon also addresses a letter "To the Christian Publis," for the purpose of showing that the charges be has brought against the Evan gelical clergy are neither novel nor singular. The letter of Mr. Brock, the well-known Baptist Minister, is one of the last of the series of pamphlets. He urges Mr. Spurgeon to stand firm, believing that the controversy will turn out to the furtherance of the Gospel "man." He says—"Men will be bent to their Bibles with more anxiety, and to their prayers with deeper consciousness of need. Sacra mental regeneration will be submitted to the rightful tests, under the impression that it must be either a mon strous fiction or a stupendous fact. The whole ques tion of baptism will undergo the painstaking enquiry which it demands ; and, other influences concurring, genuine Christian union will be ' facilitated; that union, which is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy." But it is not alone in England that ecclesiastical pro blems are being warmly discussed. The question of the Papal power has once more come up is a very practical shape. After long delays, the Italian Go vernment have consented to the compromise pro posed by the Emperor Napoleon. A treaty has bean concluded and signed by which France undertakes to withdraw its troops from Some in two years, and' the Italian Government on its side engages to re epect the frontiers of the present States of the Church, and make them respected, while the Pope is providing an army of his own; to take upon itself 6-6thsof the Roman debt, an equivalent portion for the BrOmish territory annexed to the Kingdom of Italy; end to allow the Court of Borne to nominate to the vacant bishoprics. Meanwhile, Florence is to be constituted the capital of Italy, and the Parlia ment speedily convoked to ratify the treaty. The indignation of the Tarinese at this arrange ment, which degrades their city to become onoe more a provincial capita], has broken out in riots, whioh bare, however, been suppressed, and it is yet too early to judge how the compromise -will be viewed by the Italian people generally. Daring the two years the Court of Some will be safe under Frenoh bayonets ; bat it may be doubted whether its reve nues will ever be adequate to sustain the cost of such a military force as will be adeqjate to keep down her insurgent population. It is not likely that Garibaldi will take any overt steps to thwart the new treaty, even if he_disapprove? of it. The subject is exciting profound interest throughout Europe, not the least so in Tienna, where the proposal is regarded as a new menace to Austria, and as re-opening the Venetian i question. It is stipulated that the Pope shall not be allowed to accept the assistance of Austrian or Spanish garrisons in Rome.-and, by the removal of the capital to Florence, the Italians obtain a far better position in case of war, defensive or offensive. But against the loss of temporal power the Pope, by resuming the nomination of Italian bishops, will be able to exercise immense influence orer the Govern ment of Italy. Bat I had almost forgotten Mailer—the man who has been (be sensation of the month——whose name and movements have suggested sensation headings and columns of questionable gossip in our penny dailies. His bearing on Uie voyage out; hia quiet arrest by the police detectives, who had bo long laid in wait for him, and found Mr. Briggg's hat end watch in Mailer's custody; the incipient national demonstration of the Germans at New York; his examination there ; the odd anti-English speech of his counsel, and the disregard of such appeals by the presiding Judge ; the voyage back again in the Etna, when M"**"' took to reading Dickens; the excite ment at Liverpool; the mob ready to yell at him in London; his appearance in the dock and in custody; all these things are dilated on in the newspapers. This day the case was resumed. The Coronet's Jury on Mr. Briggs brought in a verdict of "Wilful murder" against Frani Mailer, aod before the Bow street Police Court the evidence identifying the hat found on him as having belonged to the late Mr. Briggs was very complete. There is no doubt that MoJlmr will b" committed for trial, end if fee Gatmaa Protection Society can establish an alibi they will g< t off their countryman. The comparative paucity of home news baa been made up this month by a budget of very exciting intelligence from America. The Democratic Con vention for the nomination of a candidate for the Presidency, appointed to be held at Chicago, was from time to time postponed to eait the prospects of the party, and at hut fired for August 23. Great was the expectation of what would come of it. The North, finding the tide of war going .against it, was becoming wearied, and much more ready than before to listen to moderate counsels, and nitfier disposed to abuse the Administration which cmda. not organise victory. The democratic sails began to fill witlUhe breeze, and there seemed every prospect that the opposition vessel would be earned into port on a flood tide. Nothing, wrote the Tvme? correspondent, could prevent the success of that party. The desire for peace had run like an electric current through the country, and an armistice and convention of all the ?States of the late Union was represented as the 'popular demand. Sow deceptive are appearances! Before the Chicago Convention was held came news of Fnrragaf? success in silencing the forte at the en trance of Mobile Bay, the surrender of Fort Morgan as well as Fort Gainer, and the destruction, of the Confederate flotilla in that water. This latter exploit was one of the most remarkable inci dents of the war—a sea- fight of peculiar interest. The Confederates had six vessels, five were gun boats, the sixth, the Tennessee, impregnably plated, carrying four 8-inch rifled gnus on a Bids. The Times gives a very animated description of the engage ment in Mobile Bay. "Against these defences the Northern Aflmiw^ took into action three first-class and three eecond-class screw steam-sloops, all heavily armed after the Ammmn fashion, but mere wooden vessels of the old school. He had, beside, five paddle wheel gunboats, carrying a few pieces of large calibre, but timber built, and of no great strength. In addi tion to this force he Lad four monitors, mounting between them six 11-inch and four 15-inohguns of the Dahlgren pattern. According to oar present views these last vessels constituted his chief sfaagttfa, trat that was not the Admiral's own opinion. He still professes great confidence in wooden slops of the old class, and he made the Hartford, a 25-gnn sloop, his flagship at Mobile, exactly as he had dpne at Vicks burg. He did, however, take the precaution of mailing the sides of the vessels which would be exposed to the heaviest fire with loops of chains, the manoeuvre adopted by the Kearsage in her duel with the Alabama, and which appears to have been invented ou the Mississippi. He also, after detach ing tile Monitors on special duty, lashed his 14 wooden vessels together in pain, with the double motive of shielding the weaker ones by interposing the stronger between them and the shore batteries, and of enabling one to tow the other oat of fire in case of serious injury. This done, he ran the gauntlet of the forts, and of that part of the action we will only remark [that whereas the forts did the wooden ships no great damage, two of these vessels, the Hartford and the Brooklyn, silenced a battery by a single discharge of their broadsides. But now comes the remarkable scene of the drama. When the Admiral got inside he found himself, with his wooden ships, in presence of this tremendous Ironclad Bam. Of bis Monitors, at that moment, he made no great account, aad, indeed, one of them had been already blown to pieces by a torpedo. So there he lay with his old-fashioned timber sloops, exposed to the attack of the modern man-of-war. It was the opportunity of Hampton Boads over again, bat for one little impediment, the Tennessee might, perhaps, have dealt with the Brooklyn and the Hartford as the Merrimac did with the Congress and the Cumberland. Nothing could be more com plete than the scene and the occasion. Mobile Bay formed an amphitheatre for the fight, and the repre sentation was as compact as if it had been given by way of spectacle. It opened with the natural dis persion of the little Confederate gunboats in the face of such formidable foe*, and then the Tennessee took up the play. With fiili steam on she ran right at the Federal flagship to cut her in two, but here appeared the difference between the Hartford and the Camber land. The Cumberland was a sailing frigate, tbe Hartford a screw eteamsloop. By means of this power Admiral Farragat jast dodged his antagonist, and instead of receiving theshockamidship,ranhisown vessel against the enemy's port quarter, and gave her nearly as good as he got. Then, as the ships came up broadside to broadside, he, iv the language of his own official report, " poured into her- a whole port broad side of solid 9-incb shot and 13 lb. of powder, at a distance of not more than 12 feet." What the result was the Admiral does not say, but we can add it from the words of an eye- witness:—"Those heavy 9-inch solid shot, though the muzzles of the guns that fired them were scarcely 10 feet from tbe target, bounded awsy from the sides of the rebel Monitor, and flew high in the air in all directions, having failed to leave more than a alight in dentation in her iron to show where they had struck." After this the Tenessee opened the iron shutters of her ports, and delivered her broadside of four. 6-inch rifled guns with this effect, that" the balls passed completely through the Hartford, and expended their force in the water beyond." Exactly in the same manner, and with tbe very same incidents, did the Tennessee then run a tilt with the Brooklyn, the Richmond, the Lacka wanna, and tbe Oneida, with only this variation— that the Oneida, though not destroyed, Buffered con siderably from the shock of the collision, and had to run into shoal water. The wooden sloops could find no crevice in the ironclad, but the ironclad could not succeed in dealing the sloops an effective blow. At this stage of the battle Farragut called his whole squadron round him, Monitors and all, and gave his orders that while too ironclads should ham mer away at the Tennessee, and head her in, so as to prevent her escape, the rest of the vessels should describe a circle round her, aad "ram her every time they came round." These extraordinary tactics were actually pat in execution. Each sloop in succession ran full butt at the "rebel monster," while the monitors tried her with their 15-inch guns. Yet even these enormous balls never penetrated her armour, though one of her port shutters was at hist driven in; but the " ramming" appears to have been most effective. The crew of the Tennessee were stunned and confused by these incessant shocks, until at length, giddy and dazed with the din and the violence, they began to lose heart, and the catastrophe I was precipitated by the wound of Admiral Buchanan, I whose leg was carried off by a shot entering at the : broken port. Then the white flag was run up, and ' the Tennessee surrendered after fighting tbe whole {Federal equadronjfor an hour and a half." Tbe remarkable interest of this exploit will, I trust, justify tbe length of the extract. It is a striking proof of the service that wooden ships in the hands of an able officer may render even in the pre sence of iron-clads. Some days afterwards Fort Morgan, opposite to Fort Gainer, which was provi sioned for six months, surrendered, when the batte ries were erected to fire upon it, tbe guns having been meanwhile epiked by the Confederate garrison. This was s great discouragement to the Demo cratic parly when they met in force at Chicago, but especially to Mr. Vallandigham and Mr. Fernando Wood, tbe peace section of it. However, it was j resolved that, while " adhering with unswerving| fidelity to the Union," it was desirable to negociatc for an armistice and convention of the States, with a view to the restoration of peace on the basis of the Constitution. General MeClellanwas unanimously nominated as the Democratic candidate for the Presi dency, and the Hon. G. Pendleton, a much more de cided peace man and friend of separation, for the Vice-Presidency. Scarcely hod the Chicago Convention risen than news arrived of the capture of Atlanta. Sherman, being unable to take the place by direct assault, resolved, if possible, to draw his adversary from his stronghold into the open, and defeat him there. On the 26th of August, in pursuance of this design, he supplied Ms army with twenty days' rations, raised the siege, and, leaving behind him an army corps under General Slooum at Ohattahoochie Bridge, to protect Us communications with Chattanooga, he took the main body of bis army, by a detour to his right, twenty miles south of Atlanta, and endeavored to gain possession of the Macon railway at Jonesboroagh. By this movement he succeeded in placing himself between Genera] Hood and his supplies, and compelled him to evacuate his entrenchments to save bis position. A severe engagement took place between the two forces at Jonesborough, and, on the 30th, the Federal general captured the Confederate works at that place, ten guns, and a thousand prisoners, and followed the retreating army to their line of entrenchments at Lovejoy*s station. Hood saw at ft glance that he could no longer hold Atlanta. Sherman was between him and the main body of bis own troops. All he could do was to blow op bis magazines, snike his guns, and abandon the place. Slocum, left at Chat tahoochce Bridge, was not slow in occupying the de serted city—and Maoon is now the only remaining place of importance in Georgia which the Confederates can fairly call their own. It is like Atlanta, a railroad junction station, from which there is communication with Montgomery on the one side, and Mobile on the other. It would seem that thuogh there is considerable desertion from Hood's army,which is made upof very heterogeneous materials, Sherman cannot pursue his advantage, bis men being i worn out with incessant fatigue. Besides, he has to secure what he has got, and strengthen his long line of communications—nearly 140 mile? to Chattanooga —in accordance with his systematic plan of securing all he has conquered. He has Wheeler and Forrest behind him, with their cavalry, Morgan having been surprised and slain; but they are manifestly unable to do him permanent injury. McOleUWs reply to the Chicago nomination has been published. Since he was chosen the war feeling has revived, and the chances of peace have receded. Accordingly, the democratic favorite accepts the nomination on term* which pledge him ?• irrevocably as Mr. Lincoln to the pieeervation of the Union at all hazards. "The existence of more than one Go vernment," he cays, "over the region, which onoe owned oar flag is incompatible with the peace, the power, and the happiness of the people." He- adds—very significantly to those who bare studied the history of those Northern statesmen who have been the tools of the South—"The Union was originally formed for the exercise of a spirit of con ciliation and compromise. To restore and preserve it, the same spirit must prevail in our councils and in the hearts of the people." In other words, General McOlellan is as much a Unionist at all hazards as Mr. Lincoln. Bat this deference to Northern opinion has exasperated the Peaoe Demo crate, who declare that McCleUan has accepted the nomination without the platform. They therefore refuse to support him, and their leading organ, the New York Daily Hems, says that measures are in progress for calling a new convention end nominating 8, new candidate. This section of the democratic party never was numerous; but M'Clellan cannot afford to lose any votes. It is aaid that Fremont is ready to retire in Lincoln's favor, and the Daily News correspondent says that the chances of the re-election of the present President are as fire to three. Bat both Grant and Sherman demand more men, and the Government will be obliged to en force the draft, which is likely to create dis affection in the North, and diminish Mr. Lincoln'e chances. The other day I had the opportunity of hearing the opinions on the war of an anti-slavery Southerner, who has lately come over to England. He says that the Confederates cannot hold oat three years, aad (hat if the North can continue to carry on the war for that period, the South must give in from exhaustion. He does cot think the North will hold together long enough, but that fi?w??inl difficulties, or dissensions, or military disaster, or all combined, will oblige them to let the South go free. 