SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1864. A careful and impartial review of the great debate of four days on Mr. Disraeli's motion wi." convince most men that, by however illogical a process, the House of Commons came to a right conclusion on the Danish question. Putting aside all considerations of mere sentiment, it is difficult to see what other policy the country could have followed, under the circumstances, than that which was the subject of attack. The issue, as usual in these great parly combats, was not fairly stated in the terms of the challenge. The question really before the House and the country was, not only whether Lord Eusse ll's policy had lowered our influence in Europe, but whether those who impugned it were prepared to adopt any course more wise, more honourable, or more patriotic. On this point, the Opposition was able to convey no satisfactory assurance to the House. And the result of the de- bate may fairly be taken to express the sense of the country on the motion. Lord Russell may have been foolish and rash in saying too much to Den- mark-'the Palmerston Government may have been wrong in doing too little against Germany-but how much better would Mr. Disraeli and his friends have managed the business 1 The case has been argued by both pai lies in the most brilliant style of that Parliamentary rhetoric of -which the House of Commons still con- tinues to furnish the beat models. But there was a conscious reticence on either side, which somewhat marred the effect of the eloquence. Not the real truth, but Parliamentary truths, could be uttered, by either the assailants or the defenders. Mr. Disraeli and his friends did not venture to say what ought to have been the policy of England, nor was Lord Palmerston candid enough to go fully into the causes of his failure. Something of the truth was blurted out by the independent speakers, but even they may be found, like Mr. Cobden, Mr. Horsman, and Mr. Kinglake, to have spoken one way and voted another. On the side of the Government, the main defence set up was that it was the obsti- nacy of Denmark herself, as well as the reluctance of France and Russia to join with England, which led to the failure of the attempts at mediation. Lord Russell, it was contended, was ready to go to the full length of the pro- mises made to the Danes but for the Bupineness of France and Russia. As to the promises themselves, it is urged, and with some truth, according to the letter of the despatches, that they were more imaginary than real. The Danes, from the first, attached too much im- portance to the expressions of friend- ship and sympathy indulged in by the English Foreign Minister] and they also fell into the error, so common with foreigners, of mistaking the utterances of public feeling in the English newspapers, as indications of the policy of the Government. Tho endeavours at a pacific settlement ofjj the quarrel, it was proved, were energetically per- severed in to the end j and England only abandoned the task of mediation when it became evident that her efforts were usoless. The German powers would concede nothing, because they were assured that England was alone in her demands; and the Danes were equally obstinate, because they hoped that the spectacle of her sufferings would force England into coming to her defence. On the side of the Opposition, the arguments were confined chiefly to a minute criticism of the several steps of -Lord Russell's policy. The despatches of the Foreign Secretary, it was con- tended, -went to confirm tüe Danes in the belief that England was pre- pared to lend them material assistance. England had, in fact, undertaken to play the cards for Denmark, and had lost the game. The promises to Den- mark, and the menaces to Austria and Prussia, could only signify that, fail ino all other means of accommodation, Enc. land would go to war for the defence of Schleswig-Holstein. The Danes un- derstood it so, and the Gormans as well. The movements of the British fleet during the crisis of the negotia- tions, it was argued, proved that the Government were not unwi"ing at least to let it be inferred that they meant to rot in a certain contingency. But the campaign advanced from the Eider to the Schlei- from the Schlei into Jutland the Germans got by violence even moro than they originally claimed j and yet England gave no sign. The speech of Sir. Cobden is im- portant, as showing what is thought of the Kussell policy by the extreme peace party. "While condemning Lord Rus- sell for want of sagacity and of firm- ness, and denouncing the conduct of Aus- tria and Prussia, Mr. Cobden denies that the securities of peaco have been lessened by our conduct in this ques- tion. Europe has learned how slow England is to go to war, and this is the best guarantee, in the mind of our Manchester Radical, for the peace of the world. We have been humiliated- foiled-disgraced-but Mr. Cobden, like the viPains of .burlesque, " glories in it." The time is past when we should go to war on account of our foreign relations. Mr. Cobden sees in our present failure only the beginning of the new and glorious era of non- intervention. Let might overcome right all over the world-what busi- ness is it of ïngland Î So long as our trade remains uninjured, let the nations cut each other's throats if they will-let the strong oppress the weak, and the weak be miserable. In the conduct of Lord Russell, Mr. Cobden perceives something of his own mind, and, there- fore, in spite of his bitter animosity towards Lord Palmerston, the Man- chester leader gives his vote to the Palmerston Government. The best defence, after all, .which is to be made for the Palmerston Govern- ment, is phased upon the conduct of France and Russia, especially of the former power, during this Danish com- plication. Both of these powers had, diplomatically at least, an equal interest with England in preserving the balance of Europe, and in opposing the encroach- ments of Germany. The Treaty of 1852 was as much the work of France and of Russia as of England, and the last power was no more bound than the other two to resist its infraction. But in spite of the earnest and repeated appeals of England, neither France nor Russia would stir in the defence of Denmark. So early as January last, France had inti- mated to the English Government her positive disinclination to take any active part in requiring the observance of the Treaty of 1852. We may infer that Franco either was not prepared for a war with united Germany, or that she d'd not perceive in such a war, waged in conjunction with England, any oppor- tunity for carrying out an "idea," and without such a tempting prospect as the annexation of the Rhine provinces, by pleliscite or otherwise, what motive could France have for arming herself against the whoJe of Germany? Yet if France could not perceive that her interests on the Continent were en- dangered by the encroachments of Prussia and Austria in the north, how could it be expected that England would have been more sensitive 1 Knowing as wo do what is the prevailing opinion on the Continent as to the usual motives of English foreign policy, how could any con- tinental nation affect to be surprised that England, which has no direct com- mercial or mercenary interest iu the question, should have gone to war for the sake of Schleswig-Holstein t The main source of our consolation in what is doubtless an unpleasant and mortifying position, is, that the war which we have avoided was not a war from which we could fairly have expected any real good to humanity. A war to force the Danish rule upon the German inhabitants of Schleswig-Holstein is certainly not a war in which Englishmen could honour- ably have been engaged. Yet this is the only war which we could have waged, if we had entered the field alone against Germany. We could not have sum- moned the nationalities to our standard, seeing that we should have been en- gaged in putting down a nationality. And, however strong may be our ab- horrence of the conduct of the two German powers, we should recollect that the only effective way of punishing them-of giving relief to other of their victims than the Danes-is by a general European war, affecting not only the Danish, but the Italian, the Hungarian, and the Polish questions. But such a war it would be madness for England alone to engage in, with France in her present temper-with Russia stand- ing aloof, and looking for her own opportunity-and with the American quarrel still undecided. A favourite device with the advo vocates of teetotalism is to exhibit some seedy, bloated, and grog-blossomed creature as a " shocking example" of the evil effects of drinking. The Rev. J. Mirams is precisely just such a " shocking example " of what a man may come to by an over-indulgence in cold water. We are often told of the ruinous consequences of the one sort of dissipation ; hero is a capital in- stance in proof of the results of the opposite form of debauchery. The wine and the spirit drinkers ought to derive infinite consolation from the spectacle. The apostle of teetotalism has gratified them with an easy revenge. The ex- treme of drunkenness and the extreme of abstinence aro found to produce re- sults not very dissimilar. Nay, the in- toxication which is based upon toast and water, ginger-beer, and other harm , less and explosive compounds, resembles so closely the intoxication which springs from the more vulgar source, as scarcely to be distinguished from it. Judging by tho words of Mirams, indeed, we should form a vehement suspicion of the condition of Mirams' head on the evening when he delivered his lecture on the " Press and the Pledge." A stranger not knowing that this was a temperance apostle might, in fact, not unreasonably conclude that the reverend lecturer was in the state of a certain other famous shepheid, at the meeting of the United Brick-lane Tea and Toast Association. Not Shaving had the plea- sure of seeing or hearing Mr. Mirams, ?we cannot say whether he tried to hold on by the ground; or to wind up his watch with a teaspoon, or exhibited the other usual symptoms of being-not to put too fine a point upon it-overtaken with liquor. But there is one strong and almost infallible sign which the shep- herd did exhibit, from which we draw the most unfavourable conclusions. It is an accepted proof of a man being very drunk indeed when ho gives vent to a belief that everybody else is in- toxicated. Judged by this test, we aro forced to conclude that the Rev. Mr. Mirams, however earnest a teetotaller, was on this occasion anything but a spectacle of temperance. For the opinion, deli- berately uttered by Miraais, is that the Press of Victoria is lower than the Press of Great Britain, because the journalists generally are drunk-so drunk that they sneer at teetotalism so drunk that they augur much good from colonial wine. Mirajms has taken the measure of the Victorian journalists, and he finds them corrupt, as well as drunken. The Press is in favour of drinking, not only because its con- ducto] s are drunkards, but because to advocate teetotalism is to fetter one important branch of commerce, and commerce is the life of the Press. To establish teetotalism upon a light basis, and to obtain more notice from journalism, it was necessary that the teetotallers should have a Press of their own ; and, getting more and more incoherent, the shepherd declares that teetotallers should support the Press, and then the Press should sup <poit them-a consummation which, if the journalists are what the lecturer has been describing them, and the teeto- tallers such as the Rev. J. Mirams, would be something like the spectacle very commonly afforded to Constable X. in Boutke- street about three o'clock in the morning, when Jones is supporting Smith, and Smith is supporting Jones. At tile risk of being charged with being hostile to tho cause of temperance and of morality, we must express our conviction that one such lecturer as Mirams is more damaging to tho teetotal cause than any number of drunkards could be. It is, perhaps, worth our while to be serious, even with the Rev. ]\Ir. Mirams; for he is a minister, we believe, of a religious denomi- nation, and professes to speak in the name of a large number of doubtless most excellent persons. We must oven take it upon ourselves to deny, most emphatically, the truth of the charges which the Reverend Mr. Mirams has brought against the Press. Whatever may be the class of journalists with whom Mr. Mirams has been associating, wo must declare that, so far as a very extensive knowledge of journalists extends, they are not open to the insinuations levelled at them by the lecturer. As a class, we believe them to be as temperate in their own habits, and as fully impressed with the evils of drunkenness, as even the clerical profession itself. They have every pos- sible inducement to exercise tho virtue of sobriety. They belong to a profession which perhaps more than any requires that a man should be clear in his head and composed in his mind, almost at all hours of the day and night. Whatever Mr. Mirams and his friends may think, journalism is not the gay, dissipated sort of life, in which a man has either the motive or the opportunity for over- indulgence. It is very hard work for those who honestly follow it ; and there is perhaps no walk in life in which any departure from the rules of temperance more surely and quickly brings with it its own punish- ment. We do not know how it may be with temperance lecturers, but the journalist, to earn his bread, must be careful of that which is his only stock in trade-his brain. Nor is it true that the Press at large has sneered at temperance, or that it has not done its utmost to advocate this, as well as every other public virtue. But the journalists differ from the Reverend Mr. Mirams in this, that they do not allow that temperance consists in total abstinence from spirituous liquors. They regard wine, and even spirits, as a God's gift to bo used as well as abused, like all his gifts. They hold that the true temperance lies, not ia abstaining altogether (which, rather argue3 an in- temperate habit of mind and a moral infirmity), but in moderate and healthy indulgence. That the abuse of wine may be followed by vico and immorality, is a lesson which the world does not need at the hands of the teetotallers. Wine, which, according to Scripture, "cheereth God and man," was no more given for abuse than was meat or water; and a mau may as easily make a beast of himself over mutton-chops or pork sausnges as over port or brandy. And just as over-indulgence in those is not the only vicious excess, so the oniy tem- perance is not that cheap and fragile virtue which compounds for a thousand sins of intemperance by preaching up this insane crusade against all wine whatever. From Le Semaphore de Mantille of 2Gth July, we have a few additional items of Europonn news or gossip.-The Moniteur".ol July 28 states that orders have been given by tho French Government to dospatch the Vessels necessary for tbo transport of troops to be brought back from Mexico. These vessels would leave France early In August. The Paris correspondent of the Sémaphore, on the authority of a Viennese letter, says that the Isle of Alien was to bo the great difficulty in the Danish question. The Danes, of course, wished to retain, while the Ger- mans made a demand for it Secondly, the question of indemnity presented diffi cultltp, but in a lesser degree. Lastly, the occupation of Jutland ti as to be reckoned t amongst the obstacles to a conclusion of peace. The Danes required an immediate evacuation of Jutland ; the German powers wishing to hold it in pledge. Neverthole3», a successful issue to the conference was con- fidently hoped. The samo correspondence mentions a rumour, tbat a lettor had been addressed by the King of Prussia to the Em- peror Napoleon, in which the King de- clared, that he never bad any intention to annox the duchies; a declaiatiou to which, if made, very little credit wes at toched.; On the other hand, it was^be lievcd that M. do Golla had s mt to M. Drouyn de Lkuys, at Vichy, the mo3t positive assur- ances of the gcod understanding of Prussia and France. The same writar, recounting all the political gossip of the capital, mentions the desire of England to renew l'entente Anglo Française. The Prince of Wale3 bad asked King Leopold of Belgium to make overtures on the subject to the Emperor. For the hundredth time was renewed the notion of a mediation by France and England in Ame- rica. The Independice Belge, grand dissemi- nator of political secrets, stated that Mr. Slidcll, the delegate from the Confederates, had gone to Vichy, and that he had been sent for by the Emperor; while it waa equally positively affirmed that King Leopold was to be the go- between between Frunce and England, to pave the way for the talked-of medlat'oD. We understand that Mr. Tho*. Miles, one of the recently-elected members of the East Collingwood Council, hes announced his in- tention to contest tho election for the South Province in the Legislative Council, and a committee has been formed to take measures . to promot3 bis return. Mr. T. H. Power oficia himself to the con- stituency of the South Province for re-elec- tion ns a member of the Legislative Council. Mr. Henry J. Wrixon's address to the elec- tors of Dundas and Follett will be found elsewhere. We give elsewhere an Interesting document in the list of candidates for promotion in tho Volunteer Force in older of merit, as set- tled at the recent examinations. A deputation from persons Interested in the trade of North Gipps Land, appointed at a meeting held in Melbourne on Thursday, had nn interview with the Chief Secretary yesterday, to recommend the extension of the electric telegraph from Sale to Wood's Point. The deputation was introduced by the Hon. B. Turnbull, M.L 0. It was urged that by connecting the two places mentioned, and the intervening townships, by telegraph, great advantage would be conferred upon the whole of the northern district of Gipps Land, and that in all probability the wires from Mel- bourne to Sale would be made remunerative, which was not the case at present. Mr. M'Culloch did not think that the pecuniary results would justify the requisite expendi- ture, as Wood'B Point was alroady in com- munication with Melbourno by electric tele- graph »fa Benalla. Ho suggestsd, however, that the deputation should submit their scheme in writing, and he promised to give it careful consideration. The deputation intimated that they would adopt this course. A telegram from Belfast, received last night, convoys tho distressing intelligence tbat Mr. Hall, and Captain Seeley, of Melbourno, were drowned near Ourdie's Creek, while searching for the wreck of the Schomberg. The electors of East Melbourne met yes- terday evenin", at St. Georgo'a hall, at the invitation of Mr. D. Wemyss Jobson, who, ' having announced himself as a candidate for their suffrages at the ensuing general election, desired to address them. The room was well filled by a crowd of porsons, whore demeanour throughout the proceedings evinced moro de- sire for fun than political excitement. This feeling was apparently so strong, that Mr. Jobson's request for a chairman wes not com- plied with, and the business of the evening was thereforo transacted without that useful functionaiy. Mr. Jobson commenced his Bpeech with a lengthy explanation of the cir- cumstances under which he was sent to the Middlesex House of Correction for two years for libelling a Scottish gentleman, his own and the Duke of Wellington's grand-nephew. After dwelling upon the horrors of his impri- sonment, his scanty fare, and force! picking of oakum, which reduced "one of the most powerful men in Europe or Amorica " two stone in weight and two inchei in height, he added that his conviction rosulted from the denial by Mr. Disraeli of the authorship of a lettor to him (Mr. Jobson), thanking him for cutting np Lord Palmerston. He next plunged into colonial politics. Ho belonged, be said, to no patty, but the pro- gramme put out by " Jimmy M'Culloch" was an outrage on mortal reason, while Mr. O'shanassy, as a self-made Irishman, was an honour to his country. He had heard Mr. O'Shanassy's name often mentioned in Eng- land and America, but never Mr. M'Culloch's. For himself, be had his convictions, from which he had never depaited, not even when Lord Palmerston invited him to his house and made proposals. This last announcement was greeted with cries of " Draw it mild," and great laughter. He next unfolded his political programme, ne was a republican, but had no desire at present to Introduce repub- licanism. He was in favour of a land and absentee tax, which was no new idea, having been originally proposed in France, ho behoved by himself. ImmenBQ laughter followed thiB statement. He advocated free grants of eighty acres to every one who would cultivate them, the reduction of the Governor's and Ministerial salaries, postal reform and reduction of postal chargeB, iho " rights of labour," reduction of tho quali- fication of the members and electors of tho Legislative Council, the anti-transportation movement, duties on imported manufactures, and payment of members. Amid some con- fusion, a vote of confidences in Mr. Jobson was proposed by a Mr. Rowan, and said to bo carried by acclamation. Mr. Jobson returned thanks, and said that next day he should commence his canvaes, and so tho affair ended, i A meeting of between 403 and SOO of the electors of Collingwood was held last night, at the Studley Arms Hotel, to hear from Mr. C. J. Don, who offeis himself for re-election, an explanation of his conduct during the last session of Parliament, and his views on the lending political questions of the day. At the close of Mr. Don's address, a vote of con- fidence In him wes oanied hy acclama- tion. Tho following extract from the letter of a gentleman well known in this city, datingfrom New York, June 30, will be of interest :-" I almost dread to write about the war, for I am most desponding about it. Tho carnage before Bichmond is almost inconceivable. Since Moy 1st we havo lost from 76,003 to 80COO men! all Americans, and mostly young men too. Is it not hoirlble to contem- plate ? for it is not like any other war, being positive slaughter. Nothing in history can equal the attack upon Malvem-hill. Grant threw bis men upon a position that would have rendered tho escape of oven a bird Im- possible, It was sheer madness. Fancy 10,000 men killed in ten minutes-yet this is undeniably a fact ! The newspaper report is 7,000, but I have it from the provost mauhaL And this is coolly termed a Bklr miBhl Horrible! Supposing the rebels to have loBt since 1st May 40,003, it will make the awful united loss of 120.CC0 menin eight weeks. This is Blinply ia Virginia. Sher fflOD, in Georgia, has lost many thousand men. I do not think Grant can take Rich- mond, or any other man- it is now impreg- nable ; but many more thousands will bo killed ere the Federals will relinquish the un- dertaking. There is much leas animosity against England now than Prance. Tlioup eettiug of tho Mexican Republic wiP never bo foigiven by Americans, for even the South- erners havo thiB feeling ; in fact, both sides are Republican«, heart and soul. I have lately C2£n so many wounded soldier.; here (In New Yoik), that I am heartsick of the war, and yet I do not see how it can be ended. A peace simply on tho basis of ' slave and free states' would not last six montliB. I am veiy much afraid we are on the eve of another draft. And notwithstanding all this dreadful war and i'a horrors, and the conc:quent feoiful premium on gold, I never witnessed Kew Yoik bo lively, nor amuse- ments co crowded. Broadway is a perfcst sea of excitement -pleasure-hunting, &c;, and the theatres crowded. Tho New York papers note JeffeiBOD,-' good oie Jeu*,'-as being at the Sandwich Islands, Jon bis way home ' Joe ' is looked for with immenso favour, as the New Yorkers don't forget who made the ' Cousin,' with Bothern, first." The amateur athletic sports take placo, as announced, upon tho Melbourne Crickot Ground, this afternoon, From the interest the public has displayed in the arrangements, it appears certain that if the weather is Ano there will bo an unusually large attendance. His Excellency the Governor has signified hiB intention of visiting the ground. The pro gtammo, for variety and excellence, has cer- tainly not yet been equalled in Victoria, and the varions races have all well filled. Tho committee have determined to statt every event at the time specified on the cord, commencing at one o'clock p.m. The head-quarters band will be on the ground, and will perform the following pieces ¡-Grand March, Gallnick ; quadrille, "Marion,"Herfurth ; selection, "Bohemian Girl," Balfe ; overture, " Exhibition," Aubsr ; waltz, " BiancB," Laurent ¡ selection, " Mari- no Faiiero," Donizetti ; quadrille, " Linda,'' d'Altort ; oveiture, " L'Eclair," Halevy ; waltz, " First Love," Farmer ; galop, " Ro3a lien," Kicbner; " God save the Queen." A meeting of shareholders ia the Indus- trial Building and Investment Society was held last evening, at the National-hall, King William-street, Fitzroy, for tho purpose of adopting a code of rules for conducting the businer3 of the society, and also for tne nomi- nation of officers. Mr. B. S. Anderson pre- sided. A number of rules, with but few ex- ceptions similar to those adopted in govern- ing Eeveral recently established institutions of a kindred character, were read over urialim to the meeting, and wore modifiod or expunged as the shareholders deter- mined. The adoption of the rulca, as amended, wob moved hy Mr. T. W. MaBon, and seconded by Mr. M'Butnio. The nomina- tion of officers was then proceeded with, and tiie following names were submitted, subject to approval ¡-President-Mr. J. Falconer, Mayor of Fitzroy. Trustees-Capt. M'Mahon, Mr. T. Seriell, M.D. ; Mr. R. Giice, Mr. M. O'Grady, and Mr. J. Davic-3 (the number of trustees to be elected is three). Treasurer Mr. J. F. Bom. Committee-Messrs. B. Bell, G. Berry, C. Hall, G. M. Hardcss, H. Harmer ; A. Kennedy, J. Lowe, T. W. Mason, M'Bur nie, J. Powell, W. Shehan, J. Scott, G. A. Terry, and Wilson (nine members of com- mittee have to he elected from tho foregoing list). Stewards-Messrs. Joseph Ooodo>nd T. A. J. Inglis. Secretary-Mr. John Bellin. There biing no other nominations for pre- sident, treasurer, stewards, and secretary, these officers are virtually elected. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. It is notified in the Gazelle of last night, that the premiums offered by the Board of Agiicultme for Victorian wines, of the vintage of 18C1, are cancelled, and tho eame ore offered under the like conditions for wines of the vin taso of 1803; samples of which, and also of 18G2 wines, for transmis- sion to England, will be rc:eived at the Board of Agriculture until the end of the year. The time for sending in samples of silk and to- bacco is also extended to the end of the year. A special meeting of the Committee of the Victoria Agricultural Sooiety was held at Heidelberg, on Thursday, for the purpose of appointing a secretary, in the place of Mr. George Bennett, resigned. The applications for the situation having been read, and four selected ob eligible, the members of committee present voted by ballot, when it was found that the whole of the votes were in favour of Mr. James Bennett, who was accordingly ap- pointed secretary, and, being introduced, re- ceived bia instruction!?, with authority to col- lect the subscriptions. On the motion of the vico-president, a voto of thanks to the lato secretary, Mr. George Bennett, was unani- mously passed. Messrs. Goldsbrough have now on view a valuable collection of rams, recently received per Omar Pasha, They aro of the Steiger breed, and have been selected specially for this market by Mr. Otto Neuhauss, a gentle- man many years resident in the colony, and well known here as an excellent judge of both sheep and wool. His knowledge of the re- quirements of our wool-growera and breeders íb amply proved by hiB selection of these rams, as they bave been inspected during the past two weckB by many of our largest flock masters, and have been unhesitatingly pro- nounced tobo the finest lot of sheep they havo seen in the colony. Their excellence lies in the fineness and closeness of their fleeces, con- joined with good length and firmness of staple, also in their large and compact frames, which fui nish a heavy carcase for the butcher, lbe sheep aro not at present in such fine condition as they ought to be in a few days' time, having Bcarcely Bufficlorjtly recovered from the effects of the voyage ; thera is, how- ever, ampio evidence of the superior animals they will bo when released from confinement. Tho saléis fixed for the 21st inst. The annual meeting of the Anglers' Sooioty took place on Monday, at Skarratt's Royal Mail Hotel. In consequence of the continued indisposition of the president, Colonel Ross, the chair wob occupied by Mr. S. H. Bindon, who wnB elected to fill the vice-chair. Mr. Alvts was re elected as honorary secretary and Mr. George Brown as treasurer. Tho sum of £5 was then ordered to he sent to the superintendent of police at Geelong», as tho reward offered by the society for the conviction of anyone found illegally netting. Référença being made to the draft of a bill for the better carrj ing out of the Fisheries Act of Vlctorio, and entrusted to the late Commissioner of Cue temp, it was stated - that active stepä would be taken to ensure success. Mr. Bindon casually remarked that the -acclimatisation Society would shoitly havo prepared a moBt interesting account of the varieties of salt- water fish in Victoria, which had cost them much trouble to obtain, and e-xpreEsed a wish that his brother anglers would exert them- selves in obtaining and making known the different species and habits of fishes frequent- ing the tributaries of the bay. A mooting of the University Forensic So- ciety was held on Tuesday evening last, at the County Court, Swanston-street. In tho absence of Professor W. E. Kearn, LL.D., Mr. John Füllet ton took the chair. ThoBulyeot of debate was as follows :- 'A, an agent for and authorized by B, put a horse belonging to him into an accommc dation paddock, owned by C, for three months, for a stipulated payment. C thereupon gavo A a receipt as follows :-' Beeelved from A, a brown horse belonging toB, of Prahran, branded OB on near; shoulder, without responsibility.' The accemmodationpaddcck was believed at the time the hoice was put therein to bo fenced, but when tho horBe was wanted ho was not in the paddock. C gave no intimation to the agent or to B that the horse was missing. B brought an action azalnst C for £14, the value of the horse, which action contains 1 a count in trover and a count for ne;sligence, whereby the horse was lost. Can B recover?" The nilli mati ve was held by Mr. J. Scott, and tho negative by Mr. W. J. Gilchrist, and an ex- ceedingly interesting diesns3ion ensued. It will be seen that sermons in aid of the liquidation of the debt on Christ Church, South Yarra, will be preached to-morrow. Tho Btv. Mr. Fulford will preach in the morning, at the usual hour; and the Rev. J. H. Gregoiy, incumbent of All Saints', St. Kilda, in the evening, at seven o'clock. We moy remind the members of the Mel ' bourne Bowling Club, that quoiting will take place at the Gresn, near Chapel-street station, this afternoon, play beginning at three o'clock. Our dates from Hobart Town are to tho Ctb, and from Launceston to the 7th inst. The news is devoid of interest. Our police-sheet reports the arrest and re- mand of two prisoners of the Grown, a man and woman, illegally at large from Tas- mania. We are requested by the bon. treasurer of the Prahran and South Yarra Ladies'Benevo- lent Society to acknowledge the receipt of £ö Us., roi Mr. P. W. Cooper, being the pro- ceeds of a reifoimance given in aid of the funds of that society by the South Yarra Amateur Dramatic Society. Several Enake-s in vorious parts of the country have recently been destroyed, and their lively condition is considered to be a Bign of an early summer. Our dates from South Australia aro to the 6th inst. All the news of interest has already been anticipated. The Ballarat Star states that the inquiry into the charges nsalnst Mr. Warden Pohl- man will be commenced next week, at Beau foii. The board of inquiry will conslBt of Wardens Bernard Smith, Sherard, and Thompson. At the District Court yesterday, a baker named CharleB Gray was summoned by Thornes Dwyer, on the charge of selling bread under weight. The complainant stated that the deficiency in weight amounted to twenty-one ounces weekly upon a small con- sumption. The defendant was convicted, and senhnced to pay a fine of £5, with 12s. 6d. coats, Mr. Hackett remarking that it might prove a caution to bakers to sell their bread by weight, as required by the act. Samuel Mulligan, a farmer in the Boroon- dara district, was yesterday charged at the East Collingwood Police Court with cruelty to animals. It was proved that he had been seen by Police-constable Kelly cruelly beat- ing his horse with a bludgeon. So violent were his blows that, as the prosecuting con- stable stated, they actually Btiuck off the hair frcrn the hide. The Bench fined the defendant 4Ca, and costs. At the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, the superintendent made the following return ¡-Number of inmates In the home, as reported lost week, 189; admitted since, 183; persons who have,received out- door relief, 202; total relieved, 521. Dis- charged from the home during the week, 136; total at presentrcmaining, 18G; number stone brerking, 22 ; oakum picking, 19. A sermon will be preached in St. Andrew's Church, Brighton, to-motrow morning, by the Rev. R. T. Cumminp, on behalf of the fund for rebuilding St. Paul's Church, Bal- larat, of which the preacher is incumbent. It will be remembered that the church, which had bren built only two yea», and cost over £4,000, was recently destroyed by mining operations, and a debt of no less than £1,300 still remains upon tho old building. We have files of the Alexandrian journal L'Egypte to July 31, but we do not find any later European intelligence than already given. Thefollowingprisonorshavebeendischarged from the penal department during the past week :-Ah HId, tried at Maryborough 21st July, 1863, for stealing from a dwelling, and centcnccd to twenty months; John Harwood, tiled at Melbourne 15th April, 1863, for re- ceiving st oh n good, and sentenced to two years ; Frederick Stewart, tried at Sandhurst 4th Ftbiuary, 1862, for embezzlement, and stntenced to two years and a half. A ticket-of-leave has been granted during the past week to William Turner, alias Gipsy Smith, tried at Castlemaine 24th February, 1857, for manslaughter, and sentenced to fif- teen years. To report at Melbourne, An inquest wes held ycBterday, at the hospital, by the city coroner, upon the body of William Pickles, who died suddenly while being conveyed to the hospital in a car on Wednesday evening. Deceased was a shep h crd. He had been ill for some time, and had been taken to the hospital thrco weeks ago from the effects of a fit. Ho was seen by a constable lyinpc on the footpath in A'beit elrcct on Wednesday evening, and dlod when on his woy to tho hcrpitnl. In accordance with the medical evidence, the jury found that dececsed died from sanguineous apo- plexy. The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital begs us to acknowledge the receipt of £9 1C.\ 9d. in aid of the funds of that institu- tion, from the treasurer of the Butchers' Ball Committee, held in St. George's-hall. At St. Kilda Police Court yesterday, before a full bench of magistrates, Mury Jane M'Mil- lan, a cbaiwoman, was charged at the instance of Elizabeth Bridges, a domestic servant, with stealing five dresses, two cloth jackets, a shawl, and numerous other ai tides of fomale attiro, all of which were vnlued by the prosecutrix at £20. It appears that Bridges had been em- ployed by Mr. J. Evans, estate asent, South Yana, but left his Bervico some fourtrsn montbB ago to go to Launceston, leaving a laTge box, with the articles in it, at Mr. EvanB* residence. The prisoner was occasionally em- ployed to do washing for prosecutrix, and was preEent in tho room when tho things were packed up in the box just beforo she left. On returning from Launceston recently, pro Eccutrix foutd that her box had been wrenched epen.tmd hearing that M'Millan had been seen wearing one of her dresses, she inst'tnted proceedings ogainBt her. The mticles alleged to have been stolen were fcund at prisoner's house, nnd were all iden- tified by the prosecutrix. For the defence, Margnret Nsglo swoie positively that the things had been g'vtn voluntarily by Bridges to M'Millan, and that she was present at the time. This wltnef.8 was subjected to a searching cross-examination, but did not vary in the slightest in her statements. The prosecutrix Enid ehe had never seen this wit neEs in her life ; end the witness, on the con- trary, averred that prosecutrix had seen her fifty timeB. As the evidence waB of a de- cidedly conflicting nature, tho Bench con- sidered that the case should go befoie a jury, i and the prisoner wes accordingly committed for trial. Several caseB of minor importance, chiefly infractions of tho borough bye law«, were dealt with by the infliction of small fines, Several actions for the recovery of small debts were also d¡Bp-scd of. The Grenville Advocate mentions that on Mr. M. H. Eaird's station, at Mount Bute, Linton, 61b. 2ca. of fleece were taken from a lamb, the produce of aNegretti ram. There are now about 7C0 lambs of the same breed on the station. " The abovo fact is very im poitant, as showing what may bo done by a little judicious enterprise It is calculated that Mr. Baird will derive from this and the adjoining Btatlon an incomo of £14,000 per annum." The Geelong sub:cription for Jane Duff now amounts to ¡£116 6s. lid. The anniversary service! of the East Mel- bourne Congrí gational Church will bo held to-morrow. The officiating ministers will bo -in the morning, the Rev. J. Beer; in the afternoon, at a quarter to thrco o'clock, the Rev. Isaac New ; and in the evening, the Rev. J. G. Millard. On Tuesday next a tea meeting will bo held, in tho orderly-room, near tho church ; aft:r which n public meet- ing will bo held in the church. Ministers of varlouB denominations are expected to ad- dress tho meeting ; ond the choir, under the presidency of Mr. G. F. South, of Richmond, nisiBted by Miss Reeves and othors, will sing some selections from tho oratorio, " Paradise Regained." The Rev. W. Byrnes, incumbent of St. Mary's Church of England, Hotham, has re- sumed the charge of his parish, and "will preach to-moirow, for the first time since his return from England. It is the intontion of the congregation to give the reverend gen- tleman a public welcome at a scoial meeting, to take place in th° schoolroom adjoining the church, on Wednesday evening next, the 14th inst. A meeting of the inhabitants of Queens- cliff, at which Dr. Williams, mayor of the borough presided, was held, at Leihy's Hotol, on Wednesday evening, to protest against a poition of the town common, about sixty seven acre?, being sold on the 22nd inst. It waB stated that if the land, which was the beBt portion of the common, wera sold, the whole of it might ha done away with, as the remainder consisted of such poor land. A motion was proposed, and carried, that the managers of the common should form a depu- tation and wait on the Minister of Lands, to at-k him to withdraw the land from sale ; and that tho expenses of the deputation should bo paid out of the funds of the common. It was hinted that one or moro of the town councillors had petitioned to have the land put up for sale, but Dr. Williams said ho believed nono of the council knew any- thing about it until the advertisements appeared. " We understand," says the Meant Alexander Mail, " that Mr. Wyatt, who, according to tho newB hy the English mail, was the success- ful competitor for the Queen's prize at Wimbledon, is a brother of tho Rev. - Wyatt, incumbent of Fryerstown. This is tho second time tho prizo has been carried off by a London volunteer. Tho first year it was taken by Mr. Rose, a well-known Scotch marksman ; the second year by Mr. Joplin, of London ; the third year hy Sergeant Rogeu, a Shropshire rifleman ; and the pre- sent j ear by the gentleman bafore-mea tioncd." Tho splendid weather of the past wcik, conjoined with the piogress of spring, has brought many plants into flower at the Botanic gardens. During the past week a valuable collection of American forest tree Bccds lins been received from the United States consul, Mr. W, Blanchard. The oxton sive Introduction of these trees, of which as yet only a limited number exist in the Bj tanic- gardens, is likely to prove of great utility, though they are as yet but imper fictly known or appreciated by the general public, and it is to hu regretted that not more of the waste lands are copiously planted with them; while the liberal and efficient manner in which largo quantities of such Beads are every year distributed, through the medium of tho consular and other »gents of the Ame- rican Government, ia tendering them uni- versally accessible, and is deserving of tho highest praise. A quantity of ash seeds, ripened in Victoria, ha likewise been pre- sented by Mr. J. 0. Riddell. Mr. O.E. Horsley's third Saturday after- noon concert will tako place, in tho Town hall, at Prahran, this a'ternoon. The pro- gramme is an attractive one. At the Haymarket Theatre, there was an ex- cellent house to Bee the comedy of " Rural Felicity"and the burlesque of "Ali Baba," This evening His Excellency the Governor will honour tho theatro with his presence. At the Theatre Royal, last evening, tho operatic drama of " The Black Domino," and the burlesque of " All Baba," drew a good house. This evening there will be an entire change of performance ; the tragedy of " Julius Caesar " is to bo revived, and will bo followed by "The Beggars' Opera." 