GENERAL NEWS. HORSE-STEALING.-On Saturday night last two of the race-horses that had been running on the Tuena course Mr. Stephensons Scrubber and one of Mr. Chesher's lot were stolen from their stables. Mr. Chesher's horse was recovered early next morning tied to a tree in the bush ; Scrubber was recovered at a late hour the same day.-On Sunday morning Messrs. Thomas and Smith, of Tuena, missed a very valuable heavy draught horse which they had working on Mr. Peek's ground, which they had seen at twelve o'clock on Saturday night. Mr. Thomas got on the horse's tracks and followed them for forty miles, when he lost them. The horse is said lo be worth £70 in the Sydney market; it is supposed that he is on his way there for the purpose of being sold.-Goulburn Herald of Saturday. Land Revenos is toe Midole Island, New Zealand. -The sum taken at the Westgate Lands Board this week has been no less than £46,000 The principal part has been derived from alargo purohaseof 15,000acres, by Mr. Mathew Holmes, in the tract of country lying be- tween the Pareora and Otaio Rivers, south of. Timaru. Mr. Holmes' purohase fronts upon the sea ccajt, embracing both sides of the railway reserve, and nina up the bunks of both rivers for several miles, forming a njagoillcant estate. We luve board that other extonaivo purchases are impending.-Canterbury 1'ress, May 19. Cotton Grown ox tue Lachlan.-Wo received to- day a sample of cotton grown by Mr. Gottfried Shelton on tho Lachlan, about three miles from Forbes. In a letter to a Sydney firm, Mr. Shellon says :-"The cotton tree grows to a very largo size, and bears a largo quan- tity of ootton of fine texture. The sample was sown two months too late in tho season, or it would be much su- perior. I only want to know what it is worth in the Syd noy market, and I will put in twenty or thirty aores." -S. M. Herald, June 1. Mrs. G. Doust, of Parramatta, died very suddenly while in bed, on the 30th May, from serous apoplexy. Her husband was aroused by her peculiar breathing, and before he could obtain medical assistance she died, leav- ing a family of seven young children. An old blind pensioner, named Benjamin Abel, eighty one years of age, on the 29th May, walked out of his house in Parramatta, with his wife, who is also blind, and fell into a creek, and was drowned, his body being recovered by his son-in-law the next morning. His wife was found sitting by the road-side in the Domain, quite unconscious of her husband's whereabouts. The Latc Ciucketisg Novelty.-The Harrow corre- spondent of the Hamilton Spectator (Victoria) says : " The match between tho Kuenliopo Oriokot Club aud the aborigines of tho district has iudeit in the defeat of the latter, the blackfellows losing by oight runs. An eyo-witneis of the game described it'to me as tho most interesting match ho ever saw. In the first inning!, when the gimo went sorely against the blackfellows, they seotaäd to have lost all courage and interest in the match. Kxceisively nervous, they pliyed wildly, run- ning each other ont, sometimes both batters running to the same wicket ; but after they warmed to the work and fot tho white Club out, thoy played stoadily and well, o wa ni a the oloae of the game, when tho ¿cores were abont equal, with one white fellow to go out, the excitement w&s; intense, and the blackfellows watched eagerly, their eyes glaring with excitement, and every muscle strained ready for a spring ; but ona of Sprig's fine hits allayed their oxoitemont. The game was over; they had lost. ?Unfortunately for them two of their best players ' Sugar' and 'Johnnie' wero absent. Had the Balmoral favourite been with them, ' another day had seen that morn.'" The next Charge against Gardiner.-Francis Gar- diner was on Tuesday charged before Captain Scott, P.M. in Darlinghurst gaol, for that he did, on the 9th March, armed with firearms, stick up, and steal from Alfred Horsington, near Big Wombat, 253 ozs. 19[?]dwts. of gold, and money of the value of £145. The Crown Solicitor conducted the prosecution, and Mr. Roberts ap- peared for the prisoner. Alfred Horsington deposed that when proceeding in company with his wife, a ser- vant boy, and Mr. Hewitt, on the day mentioned, they were met by four armed men, who made them stand, one of them firing a pistol ; Gardiner was one of the men ; the men took them in the hush, and robbed them of their money ; Gardiner prevented a second shot being fired ; he did not hear Gardiner give orders to the man who did fire at thom. Mrs. Horsington identified the prisoner as one of the men who stuck them up on the day above mentioned. The case was remandad for a week for anothor witness.-Abridged pom Wednesday's Herald. Lost in the Rush.-On Wednesday last, as somostock meu from IJuokonbong station wert» riding out in tho bush after horses, thoy came upon an unfortunate American who had been lost in the bush, in the neigh- bourhood of Jaokson'ij Waterhole, According to his own statcmont, ho had been five days and nighlswithont food. Tho stookmon generously gave their day's rations to satisfy his hunger, and afterwards set lum on the road to the nearest township.-Lower Murrumbidgee Correspondent of Wagga Wagga JCxpress. City Mission.-The second unnual meeting of the city mission was held in the Temperance Hall, Sydney, on Monday evening. The report (if tho committee, showing tho oparations of tho mission, was read by the Scorotary. It stated that at tho commencement of tho year tho society had two male and two female mission- aries, but from want of support the services of three of these agents had_ to be discontinued in February and March ; tho contributions reoeived had not been «uiuciont to meet the ouïront expenditure, and the society is in debt. Notwithstanding this d¡Hot«urugemcnt, much lind been acoomplislied-mùoh to show the neaamiity of »uah a mission. Details were thon given, as illustrations of the nature of the work doue by the society's agents 22,518 visits and oulla hod been made, 1213 visits to tho sick and dying, 1415 prayer meetings had been hold, 24,174 tracts had boen given away, 30 copies of the Sorlptures had been oiroulated, SOS ohildteu had bean «eut to «olino!, and 343 adults induced to attend publia worship. The fiuanoial statement vhowed that the total rooeipts lind not amounted lo £500 ; there was n bilanoo of £44 duo to the treasurer, mid outstanding iicoouuts brought tho dofioienoy up lo £85. The meeting was then addressed by tho R*v. J. Voller, Mr. John Cald- well, tho Rav. T. Smith, George Graham, F. Hibbard, J. 12\. Vetch, and li. Hartley, itll of whom a polt o to resolu- tions recognising the ¡mportnuue of the sooiety, and the necessity for the Ghristian publia to be moro liberul in their supnort of it. Tho résolutions were curried, and the committee and other ollioors woro appointed for tho present year.-Abridged from the S. M. JJorald, BiuAusruiTS on tue MuHiiUMutDai'.B.-It wuuld soeru that tho steamers on the Murray do not yet manage to run with sulllolont oortalnty to supply regularly tho sta- tions on tho various rivers. The Lower Murrurabidgoa correspondent of tho Wagga Wagga Jixpms says, tinder dato 25th May ¡-" The staff of Life ¡ Owing" to the non-arrival of the steamers so long expected up tho Hurrnmbldgoa, flour íh unexpectedly souroo hero at present. At Naran dora or Gilonbah tuero is none to be bought, und those of our ssttlors who have not kid up u store in the summer are likoly to bo in a strait us to tLto whorewltlwl to mubo tuoir du'ily damper." Gold Received ut escort.-The quantity ot go d dnst delivared by the EscortB from our general gold- fields during the month of Kay, amounted to 27,058 ojj. For the corresponding month of the year 1863 the re- ceipts reached 34,414 ozs. The decrease in the month ii therefore, 7356 ozs, or 21 ¿ per oont. Dnnug the first five months of the present year the quantity ot gold re- ceived by the Escorts amounted to 131,070 oh. _ tor the same period of the year 1863 tho amount was 192,641 ozs. The decrease on tbo five months is therefore «1,571 ozs., or about 32 per cent. The diminution in the yield of our gold fields is still attributable to the small quan- tities that are now received from Forbes, Burraniiong, and Braidwood, as compared with last year. The quan- tity of gold having decreased so considerably, the ^Gov.ernmont have nudo the Esoorts fortnightly instead of weekly. From some of what wore formerly considered minor gold-fields the returns shows an improvement, and this is particularly the oase with Orango and Stoney Creek.-Herald. What Mat HArrE.v a Ma» is New South Wales -A tragical event his occurred in this neighbourhood during the last few days, whioh deserves to beolironiolod, inasmuch as it points» moral in mora ways than one, and shows unmistakeably that our territorial J.P.'s are not in every instanoo like Ctesar's wife, boyond reproaoh. The foots are briefly these :-During the week ending April 30th, a man well known iu the district as Bob Bradley, a station hand, came up the liver from the station at whioh he had been omplojed, with his cheque (& some- what heavy one) in his pooket, and a horse, saddle, and bridle, and swag, containing, I presume, nil his worldly goods, little imagining, na tile sequel proves, he was ap proaohing bo closely that "bourne from whence no traveller returns." unfortunately he " loved not wisely, but too well," tho cup that clioers and boes inebriate, and indulged too freoly in leg-tanglers at one of the licensed hons?s at Narandera. After a few days' spree, this poor «afortuna te found his cheqito melted, und horse, saddle, and bridle, swallowed Rumour says (for no official enquiry has beon hold) that the finale of his orgies was, as is usual, in snob circumstances, a row either with his landlord or some one else about the establishment, during which he roceived such injury, either from kioss or falls, at ultimately resultod in rupturo of the bladder and loss of life. On Monday, May 2nd, tho man startod ou his journey towards your town. About dinner time ho pulled up at one of the stations on tbis road, where ho was known ¡ ho told the cook that he had been drink- ing at Nerandera, and lind hada fall; ho also said ho , was very bnd. Ila asked for some tobacco, which the cook gave him, nnd tried to cat some djnner, hut his stomach i ejected it almost as soon as swallowed; be however drank a little toa, and left to resume his journey. ¡?omo hours afterwards ho was found tying by a. fence in articulo mortis. He was immediately taken to the station, and every attention paid to him, but tbe power of utteranco was gone ; he nover spoke, and in a few hours was in eternitv-Lower Murrumbidgee cor' respondent of Wagga Wagga express. Sale or Station.-Messrs. Fattorini and Co. report having sold the Gingham station, Maranoa district, com- prising throo blocki of conntry, at £350 per block, without stock ; 3200 ewes from the Gowrie flocks, at 15s. each.-Herald, June 2. Australia» Gen-eral Assurance Compahy. - A special general meeting of the shareholders of the Aus- tralian General Assurance Company whs held on Wed- nesday at noon. An alteration in the 38th clause of tbo deed of settlement was agreed to.-Herald, June 2. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by his suito and the Premier, visited the Sydney University, and presented to that institute, on be-half of the Queen, a copy of the speeches of the late Prince Albert. In handing over the present lils Excellency made somo appropriate remarks. The Vice-Ohnncellor (the Hon. K. Deas Thomson) .replied on behalf of the Senate. Mr. Thomson was also instructed to thank the Queen for her present. The volume is bound in white vellum and gold, and stamped with the crest, motto, and name of the Prince Consort. In the first pago aro the following words written in the Queen's own hand:-"Prssented to the Sydney University Library, in memory of hor great and good husband, by bia broken-hearted widow. Vic- toria Ii. 1864 " The book will be preserved, as a Royal gift, in & box of oak, and lined with purple velvet*. Abridged from S. JÍ. Herald, June 2, A douctio.v.-Yesterday, Captain J J. Kobinson, of tho ship Montrose, wag arrested in tho city, npon a chorge of abduction. Tho vessel arrived in thii nort on the 27th March from Liverpool, with Governraon t immigrants. Ou the eve of the Montrose sailing for Hongkong on Friday last, information was received that there was in the ship a girl of tender years, having beon brought away in her illegally. An information was at once prepared, but the ship sailed before the document could be put in force. It happened, however, that the Montrose returned to port on Monday last, dismasted, having encountered a very severe gale. Immediately after the ship auohoring the girl was brought ashore, and lodged in the Iinrai grationBirracks.Hydo Park, wherettpri vate investigation into tho »flair was immediately commenced by tho authorities, and continued during Monday und yesterday, when it had not termiuatod.-Empire, June I.-The evidence taken on Wednesday at tho Water Police Office ebon ed that the girl's name is Mary Ellen McCarthy, and borage 12ynars. Mr. Wise, immigration agent, stated that the accused met him at the office of the Inspector douerai of Police, and said the child had gone with him with the consent of her mothor ; witness de- tained the girl. The girl staled that the prisoner had taken her from her Histor1* hoi^o to Cunningham's hotel ; afterward* he took -her to the ship, and after two or three days tho vessel sailed. She at first said that sha liad not slept with the prisoner, bnt on cross-exumiuation said she had, and that he had intercourse with her. Goorge Walker, surgeon, said that though nota virgin, it was impossible oonneotion with ii man could have tnkon placo. James Cunningham said that prisoner and the girl were at his home one night, whon prisoner wanted to sleep with her, but ho refused to allow of it; two days before the case carne on prisoner came to him, and said ho hal "squared it" with the mother and all the rest, and it only dopended on his testimony. Tun mother of the child said that she had given her to the prisoner as his adopted child, but not for the purpose of prostitu- tion, as «ho knew his wife at homo, mid that they had no children. Defence was reserved. Prisoner was committed for trial at next Central Criminal Court, butadniitled to bail, himself in £400,andUosurotiesof£200oaoh. Tho child was ordered to be kept in custody; notwithstanding that the motherstrongly olaloisihechiid.-S. M, Herald, June 2. Flbsiiworms ijr Pork.-Dr. Adolphus Wahltuob, of Manchester «rites thus to the Medical Times In reference to the poison produced in swine's flesh by tho 'i'riehiue, about which a correspondance has recently taken placo in our oolumns :-" Tricbiuto Morbushaving lately attrueted the attention of tbo medical profession, as nell as the laity, it seems to meto bu a matter of special importance to note all the fasts which bear relation to it, and to spread the knowledge of them to tbo widest extent. The tragedy of Hetstadt, where at a dinner party, numbers who had partaken of fresh sausages became viatlms to the poison Trichlme, supplies us with tie following striking observations :-Of those, who at dinner, used a red wine, the greater number of cases soon terminsted fatally; of thoso who drank a Rhino wine or beer, tbis fatal termination was somewhat postponed; while of those who indulged in spirits, none were ulfecled by the disease. A similar sail catastrophe was reported from Wiesbaden, wfaoro, at a wedding breakfast, In whioh about 20 persons took part, soveralot' tho guests became diseased, but recovered; whilst the yonng couple, whose union thuy were met to soleuiniz», soon perished from tbo fell elfcots of this poison. Dr. Tiingel, of Hamburg, narrates a, poisoning by pork, wheroby, in 1831, several persons wore alleotod, whilo three of the number died. Judging from the recorded Symptoms, he conies to tho conclusion that theda wero I oases of Trichinio Morbus. Dr. Kopp also records several casa« of poisoning by sausages, which ho lays down to Trioliinw Morbus from the faut that Hjroploma of disease mude their appearance not before tho end of the second week after the uso of tho suspectod food, which had beon but once partaken of. Fish-poison likewise deserves our attention, iu so far as tho sturgeon has injurious effects only if uied in n raw state, und never if cooko.l, This Btutoment would load to the idea of I pamitesswallowed whioliuiayllvenndgencratesymptoras uf disease in the human body. Dr. Fiedler experimented i on livtt rabbits, and found that the migration of embryos to tho muscio.! bogins on the tenth day niter their int.ro duolloninto the body, that it is at the highest point on the 13th to the loth day, but lasts to the 30th und tho Sith day. The ' inoapsuhition1 of tno trlohlnio begins towards the end of the fourth week ; tho ' incalcination' is soarooly oomplete before tho ninth to tho twolfth mouth. Alt his therapeutical experiments had a ne- gative result; ho triod oil of turpentine, glycerine, camaln, extr filicis maris, kail pyronitrionm, aoetum pyrnlii>nosum, but all in vain ; all purgativos wore un suoootsFul. Tlietriohin«dloat500lleaiim,(24440F«h.'), Profoasor Lugenlmok, ot Hanovor, found triohiiuo in tho earthworm (liunbrioiis terrestris); he is of opin'on that the triohiiuo is nothing else but the woll .known ascaris mlnutisslma. As a prophylactic mensure, he advises that swine should be feed only in yards with a oloso, well-rammed pavoinont. Geeso, ducks, <&o.;, ure free from the disease, as they swallow and likowise eject tlieeartli-worra whole. In my opinion the Iriobimeseem long ago to havo selcoted mun us one of their victims, hut have remained latout or unobserved hy the profes- sion, until thoir ravages became wholes dû massacras. The noxious influence ol' unsound meat and fish bus been naknowledgcd in all ages, and modioal sanitary rules for the prevention of their use aro adoptud everywhere. As the trlohinro die at a temperature ol' not lesa than M40 Fahr,, I should consider it advisable totally to avoid the mo of raw moat or fish, and lo subjoot It to n highor temperature and tor long enough to assure its being well dono throughout, if tho luminous terrostris is i «deed the primitive bonrer of trlohinoj, special attention should be paid to tho feeding of animals ; and though it is not always poisible to prevent the adaiûluro of oarth worms willi their I'joJ, novertholoss a relative prophylao. tie mîfiiinre is preferable to none at all ; the very ubaenco of success in thornpisuetical experiments must inorcase tho neue«lty for prophylaxis."-Empire» i Bulli Coal Cosh any -A special general meeting ot the shareholders of the Bulli Coal Company was held on Monday afternoon, in the Company's olTioe 309 Goorga stioet. There was a large atteudarco Mr G \\\\. Allen (chairman ot the Board) wailoquested to presida Mr R Sommerville (a member or the Hoard) brought before the meeting certain recent aots of bis brother direotois, which ho thought prejn licuvl to the interests of the coapuny, and at the oloso ot a long spoeclt moved a series of reso- lutions to the «fleet that the präsent superintendent ot tho raines and works at Bulli should be removed and a competent p° son appointed-tint the existing lense of tho mines should be terminated at thioe month»' notice to the lessee, as per agreement, and that no more of tho company's capital should be exp°nded m doing work tor the lesseo which ought to bo performed bv him athis oh« expense Mr G A Lloyd protested against the whole pro- ceeding, contended that there was nothing in the Btato. menls of Mr Sommerville to justify the calling of such a meeting, and moved an amendment to that effect, adding also words confii matoo of the dooision ot tho Board, and expressive ot the continued corfidenceof tho shareholders in the Sydnoj directory Altoi some îemaiks from tim ohauman in dofonca ot theoourne which had beou deemed most expedient by a majority of the dneotors, sixteen hands wera hold up in favoni of tho omendment and three against Mr Sommerville demanded a ballot, which resulted in sevant> seven Wes fortlie amendment and sixty nine against it -S M Herald June 1. The Paris Iigaro states that a ruinoui foi same time Distill ciioulution, to the ellect that the remans of Voltaire uro no longer at the Pantheon, has now been confirmed Hie tomb is empty, and uolhmg is known as to »lut has become of its oontcnts Tho ducovery was made, it deolares, through tho following incdent - "The heart of Voltaire, as is generally knonii, lins left by will to tho Vllletto family, and had been deposited in their chitern the puseut Maiqms de Yillette, a descondmt ot Vallalie, having resolved to sellthaostote, ofleiodtbo oelemated relio to the ornporoi, it ins ac- cepted by the minister of the interior, in the nama of his majesty, and Hie question then arose as to vi hat should be doue with it, the most natural ido* was lo pkoe with tho body in the tomb at ths Pantheon, but a scruple arose tho Pnnthion had o0mn beenmo a place ot Christian worship and if the tomb of Voltane was still in tho vaults, the re vson viss rather from a consideration that what was done could not be undone than tram any other, at all events, no lieshoeremonv relative to Vol tivire oould niko place in the building vv lthont the author- isation of the Archbishop oí Paris. Mgr D vrboy, on being consulted, bvioie making a reply first hinted that there was a ballet that Nineo 1814, the Pautheon possessed nothing belonging to Volttiro but an empty tomb In cousequenoo, it was determined to verify the truth ot the leport A foiv days back the stone was raised, and, as the archbishop hud staled, the tomb was found lo be empty ' A strict inquiry into the Biibject has been ordered, and the emperor hits given in- struction i that the heart shall be inclosed In a silver vaso and deposited either in the great hall of the Imperial Library, or at th« Institute of France " A shocking afluir has occurred noar Shipton-on-Stour, in Warwickshire. It seems that on Jhursday night n labourer named Clifton was ohallenged by a gamekeeper as ho was crossing some fields He deolinoul to turn back ob ordered, and a southe took placo. ïlio game- keeper, after sorao time, got anay from his opponent, and raising hi» gun shot lum dead. The garnet ceper has been committed tor trial on the capital charge M. Eugene Simon 1 as returned to Pans from China, after having accomplished a mission entrusted to bim by the Emperor Ho had brought with lim a flock of Chinese sheep oalled ongti, consisting ot 2 rams and 22 ewts, romaikablo for their fecundity Ihis ilookis a present niado oy the 1 ronoh residents of Shanghai to tho Zoological Society m the Bois do Boulogne i iftj per cent ot thoso ewo3 produce lamb« twice a j ear, and throa at a hirth twenty por ocnt produce two at a time twice a vear. These sheep are of the middle size, and re semble the Southdown I heir viool, though long, is verv inferior to that of the Merinos It is proposed' to send French sheep to Suez to bo exchaugod with musters of ships coming from China for Chinsso sheep A Female Polygamist.-An extraordinary case has lately been under investigation before the police at Wool- wich, in which a, man named Johu Ogden, a bombardier in the Royal Artillery, was accused of stealing sundry articles of household goods from Reuben Cox, a painter in the Royal Arsenal. The stolen furniture was dis covered in an apartmont in William-street, Woolwich, occupied by the accussed and Cox's wife, who were pro- vided with a certificate of marriage celebrated two days previously in the adjoinng parish of Plumstead. The police, acting on their- instructions, took possession of the property, and have since recovered certificates and ample proof showing that four men with whom the woman has entered into the contract of marriage are actually living. The case under investigation is not the only one, it ap- pears, in which the woman has decamped with one man's furniture and has married another. It is also proved that she lived as the wife of a fifth man for some years, between the dates of the first and second certificates, and kept a coffee-house at Barking. The certificates in the hands of the police constable who has charge of the case are as follows .--No. 1, certificate of marriage celebrated between Joseph Outer and Rebecca Scarborough at the church of St. Mary, Stratford, on the 19th December, 1842; No. 2, between George James Wellington and Rebecca Scarborough at Poplar, 29th of May, 1856 ; No. 3, between Samuel Cox and Rebecca Wellington (widow), also at Poplar, 7th of November, 1859; No.-4, between John Ogden and Rebecca Scarborough, spinster, at St. Margaret's Church, Plumstead, January 6, 1864. When informed of the many proofs of her delinquencies she re- plied that when she had done her bit of imprisonment she had no fear of getting another husband or two to comfort her." Temple Bonvorio Cleveland Wilmot, a person who once held a situation in tho War-oflico, but who has for a long time traded on the credulity of the public and passed under many assumed names, was arraigned at tho Clure. Assizes, on two indictments-ona for obtaining » book by false pretences, and the other for obtaining money from Lord WliarnclifTe by moansol'a l'raudulont begging letter, written in tho nanio of Constanca Campbell. The caso excited gro.\t interest, tliocourt wnsorowded, and thagal- leries filled with ladies ; for tho prisoner, while residing at Kilkee last year, contrived to obtain an ontrCo into tho most exclusive circles of the county. Ho then called himself Captain Wilmot, and his distinguished air and manners, coupled with the elegance and accomplishments of his wife, a young and interesting lady, completely im- posed upon the leading gentry. It was proved that in July and Atiguatlaiit ho addressed from Kilkee several Jotters to literary geiitlemou in Kngland, describing himself as O. M. Campbell, D.O.L., a professional reviewer, "connected with the leading reviewing publicitiotiB,»and requesting copies of thoir wurks for review. Ho obtained one, called "The CuriositioB of Occult Literature," from a Mr. Cooke, ot" Devonshire, of which, of course, no roviow ever appeared. Lord Wharticliflb proved the second obargo. He reoaived iu August last u letter, with tosti miiniuls, retiuosting aid for a Mrs. Constance Campbell, alleged to bo sick at Kilkee. The signatures to tho testimonials were all thoso of deceased pontons. This excited his lordship's suspicion ; he wroto to tbu police, and the imposition was discovered. Numerous letters, oddroased to Colonel Campbell, Dr. Campbell, And the Rev. Mr. Campbell, some of whioh had ouolnsad money, wero fourni in prisoner's possession. He wau found guiliy on both Indictments, and Bontonocd for the first oU'iinoo to nine, and for the socund to throe mouths' imprison. mont. Two actions, "The Rev. S. Ferguson v. Gorges Iloly," and "Julia Carolino Ferguson v. Gorges Huly," wera ontorod for trial in the Dublin Court of Common Pleas on Feb. 26. In tho first caso, un notion was taken agiinst tho defendant, Mr, Hely, n young gentleman of largu fortuno in the county of Kilkenny, to recover damngos, laid at £10,(100, for the seduolion of the daughter of tho phiinllir, The second notion waa taknn by Mis* Ferguson herself to reoovor domagoa, also laid at £10,000, for breaoli of promiso of murriago. Mr. Puroell said-" Genttomen of tho j'nry, in this caso tho aotion is brought by tho Rov. Samuol Ferguson, of Moy Globs, in tho county of TippBrary, against Mr. G. Holy, of Foulkesouurt, Kilkenny, to recover damages for the «eiluotion of Julia Carolina Ferguson, his duughtar. Tlio daraagoi ara laid at £10,000. The defendant has pleaded ii denial of the soduotion."-Serjeant Sullivan said that on behalf of his oliont, Mr. Hely, ho wished to mako a few observations to tun court. 'Pwo actions lind boen brought against Mr. Holy-the first, for the scdnotion of Miss Ferguson ; tho sucond, for a braaoh of promise. Ou bohalf of tho defenduut, ho was instructed to Bubmit to a verdiot being taken for the sum of £1000 lu the oa.soof seduolion, and for £3000 in tho other causo of action. Ha had boon further instructed to say, thnt there was no imputation whutovor of any otlior immoral conduct mado by Mr. Hely, mid that he withdrew any and «vory such imputation.-Tho fair lady is ol' tho ripa ago of 29, and the young irentloman 23. The Wooden Spoon.-Wo havo said that a rigorous acoount is kept of all divisions, and that every voto ol' ovory member of tho Government is postod. Wo will now toll our roadors that is dono with this list, lavery year at tho close of tim Session, as our readers knov, the Ministers dine together at the Trafalgar, Woli,,aftor dinnor, tho ohluf whip producás his account and roads It aloud ; und it is said that tho man wIiojo narau appears In tho division list the smallest number of timos lina a wooden «peon prosontud to him. Whou the Derbyitea wora in power last, Sir John Pakington, it is assorted, was tho auocoslnl oandidate for tha spoon, Mr. WhllosMo presenting It to the right honourable Uarount with infinite humour nud fun. Why a wooden Bpoon is used wu oannot toll. Purhops in mioiatit timos tim poor mau gottliataud nothing olse. If any of our roadors should bo curious to know what is reilly BVmbolisod by this ceremony, lot thom understand that wo cannot holp thom. We refer thom lo tho editor of Notes and Queries -Illustrated Times. Tho Liverpool Sliakupwian ComiuiUeo havo adopted a very hudubl» plan of oomuiomoratlug tho tercentenary ol' lll,°. I?06'1. '}!hi'y 1,l,vo «wived, to misa a fund for tho reliot of indigent persons connected willi litorntnro nud tim dram», looil «luinmiils. to hive » preference, Not long ago two sinait looking fellows entered a well frequented public bouso in the North Hiding of lorkshire, and oalhng tor some lefioshment, ono of thom sais "I'll bet you £10 von cannot do it for ono horn " "I tellson loan," replied the othor man Iholandlord lieanug this ho asked what w is the causa of the iispnto ".' Onlv this," answered one of them "lotiorto bet lum £10 that lie cannot look at that olook for one horn, and move his head similar to tho movement of Ikepcndu lum and say " Here they go, there they go " " Done," «a>s the solt host, " I otu do it." Tho money »as put down, and mine host commenced his task In a short time one of the men took the £20 from the tablo and went out Boniface noticed this, but thinking it was a doJgo to make him Iobo his money, went on " fiore the} go there thoy go " Shortly uf ei the othei man went out, but still wont on the host The Undia Jy made Lei appearance, and asked her mate it be was mad No aiibwer but " Hero thay go, there the) go " At last the 1 our expired, and keened out "I've won" But the sillj man had lost ten pounds 1'iej bad gono. A Kusawi? ion Austiialia Capturfo-I he ship Leaping \y iter trutn loudon for Poit Phillip, lett Ply- mouth on Maioh 19 taking out a higo number of pis sen"'ers and full goneral pargo. A tew hours betöre she left ilr hupormtenfent bjlves'er, of tho Ruthdale police, succeeded m capturing a runaway from that town who had taken a passage in that ship The prisoner, David Brogden, »vas a mastor machinist, oarr)ing on , business m Rockdale, and supposed to bo in prospeious circumstances Ho was also connected with, and an in- fluential ofheer in, some of tho tnendly societies m the town, ocoupyhig the position of secretary to tho Rochdale district of the Anciont Order of Druids A short time since ho clandestinely loft Hock d'île, kavmg thero a wife and two ohlldren, and mauiod ii respectable midcllo aged woman, willi whom bo was found at Plymouth It nppoars tint on hu flight be bl ought »way but limited lesourccs of his own, Mrs Broglen number two, or rathol Mrs Scbo'ofield, which was tho ali is the prisonei hud assura»!!, paving for Ins fit out und pnssago to dmtialia. faubse quent to his skedaddling it was discovered that ho bad made free with some of the monoys ot the sooieties with which he was oonneotod and a brother Druid accompa- nied the superintendent of police ni pursuit of his erring fiator for a matter of betwoen £l>0 mid £70 he had do» fiaudal that sociott of, the money in (hat case having been obtninod hi. the exhibition of tickets tor deaths ot btotkf rs that nevor happened, and the i «-burial ol de funct brothors, thus driwmg their lnnenl money oier agun. The Leaping Water was detnuiod while the pri- soner and his deceived clure ami and their goods were brought on shore. Hie prisoner was committed to prison I ni Lr vin ano tiie Pack or Hounds-Ane\traordmnry scene was witncsHid near leamington a short time since The North Warwickshire hounds bad met at Stoneleigh Abbi^, found a fo\ in Bencot-wood, and wcro pursuing it at full cry when they approached the Noi th Western Rail« ay on w hick a train whs scon coming down the incline from Coventry, lho fox immediately orosseed the line. The huntsman dismounted and tried to keep back the hounds as well ns induce thoengine-drner to slackon his speed, neither of which objects could be accomplished Such was tho keenness of the hounds thut they orossed the rails just before the tram, whick cut ofl the kead of one and the tail of another, without however, injuring any of the rest of the paok Hie nnexptct»d incident in the day's sport was witnessed by Lord Leigh, Mr. Adaerley, M P, and a large number ot geutlcmen in the hunt. The porsonahtv of tho lste Mr. Frederick Hulk, mer- chant, of London, has been sworn under £500 ODO f he marriage of the Count de Pans with tho eldest daughter ot the Uuko da Montpellier will take placo early in May, nt Claremont. A stoam-rum nearly as big as the Heotor, built for tlie Danish Government, has just been launched on the Cljde One of the shortest bills ever presented to Parliament has just keon brought in by Mr. Chas Postor It con- tains only ten hues and provides that after the pausing of the bill no oonviation tor felony shall causo a forfeiture of the lauds and goods of any person eo connoted Lord LïNMiintST'a Pictures -On Saturday tho late Tord Lyndhiiist'scollection of pictures was sold bj Mossri Christie, Manson, and Wood A portrait of Admiral Vis. count Duncan, by Coploj, brought STjguinoas "The doutb of Major Peirsoi'," also by Coplej, brought 1G10 guineas, tho National Gallery puiohasmg it 1 he well known 1 omily Pioture, poi traits of John Singleton Cop lay, It A , with hu wife carrying the infant ( Lord Lj ni - burst), and bis three othei infant children in a splendid landscape, was bought by Mr. Glarko for 1000 guinoas. Hie whole realised £~>\ 17 10s The previous sales of f ho plate and ornamental objects brought£3Ji>0, ditto ot the household fnrnitui e and library at the mansion, £1472 total £1)9711 10s , independent of the freehold estate in Geor^e-Bireet, Hanover-square, which sold for £ l8 000 , Aldeiman Me Pherson, who lately died herd, was awak- ened two nights before his death by his wito loudly sob- bing and ai vmg in her sleep Being awakened, she said that she had dreamed that two gentlemen had called to inform her of ker husband's death. Next day but one abo besought kim on his leaving homo to be carelul of hunsolf, as she had a presentiment that he would not re- turn aliie In the e\onmg the two parsons of w bora abo had dreamed carne with the news of her husband's death -not awaiting for them to speak she held up her bands exclaiming that be waa dead, and foil on the floor insen- sible.- London {Canada West) Prototype. The following epitaph on Loid Westbury kas beon circulated through the Inns - " Biohard Baron Westbury, Lord High Chancellor of Bugland. He wis an eminent Christian, An onergetio and success! ni Stntcsman, And a still moie eminent and snccesslul Judge. During Ins three vain,' tenuro of office Ho abolished The time-honored institution of tbo Insolvents.' Court, lho ancient mode of Convowng Land, And The I'ternity of Punishment. Towards the r'ose ot his earthly career, In tbo, Ju lioial Cmnmittto of tho Privy Couuoil, He dismissed Hell with cost«, And took away from orthodox members of tho Church of Lngland Their last hopo of everlasting damnation " 