I I ENaLiaH!!ESTRÄ."GTS. Nine Cardinals' bats are o¡t present disposable. Pius IX. has during his reign created 45 cardinals, and soon 65 disappear from this world. < 1 The old Star Chamber in the HouBe of Commons has been nflottod to the Parliamentary reporters for r._ Club room, in which they will ba alile to get all the delicacies ¡nanti out of'the season, and bo at peace for from intrusion. At Paris the other day a Swiss gontlemnn backed him sejf totake aim with bis carbine, thon support it wtyh hib right, arm, tbon with his left hind pul his hat o\er the aitaalo, and hit the centre of. the target. This he did three timos, and ," landed" his money. , , The Prince and Prinooas George of Saxony, who are in the habit of skoting on the ice in Übe drosse Garten on the pond called '. The English," were recently skating among the rest of the people, when two English youths skating vigorously backwards, dame in cout&ct; with the PrinoB, and threw bim sprawling full length. The boyb in great consternation stood nghas¿, and made many apologies, wheronpon the Prince very good-naturedly laughed, saying, "lam sur» you did not do it on pur- pose, so help mo to bruah a little of the snow off." Since 1817, when the first Savings Bank Act'wa* passed, the sums deposited with the National DehtyCom misuioners by the trustees of the savings banks nnd friendly societies of the United Kingdom, together with the interest thereon credited to the trustees, have amounted to more than £92,000,000,' There wasntill re- maining duo to them, for principal and interest, at the close of the savings banks year, on. the 20th of Novem- ber, 1863, £43 278,656. ., Abouction Case.-At the Sligo assizes two men, Brie and, Manion, have been sentenced to four years' penal servitude, for having, on the 19th of August last, at Springhill, in the county ot Slige, feloniously abducted Honora Moran for the purpose of having a felonious assault committed on her by one Patrick Manion. Bro- gan, the principal in the affair, had previously been sentenced to penal servitude for life. The victim of his brutality, a young handsome girl of respectable appear- ance, presented a pitiable spectacle when brought on the table to give her evidence. Her health seemed com- pletely ruined, and she was in such a state of prostra- tion that it was only by the repeated administration of stimulants that she could be kept from fainting while telling her sad story. Town and Country.-Snell is the continual migration into towns that three- fourths of the total inctoase of population In England now occurs in them-that is to say, the population of the kingdom increasing by 200,000 in a year, She towns increase by 160,000, the country dis- tricts by only 5D.O0O. In 1851 the town and Iheconntry popu'ation were about equal; in 1861 the town popula- tion wan nearly 11,000,000, and the villages and country population not very mnch moro than 9,000,000. In popu- lation London, soon now to count its 3,000,000, stands unappronchid in the world ; and there are in England and Wales 71 otheYtowns with moro than 20,000 inhabi- tants, in Ireland bíx, in Scotland eight. The Papal army, on the 1st of January, 1864, amounted to 8222, every brunch ,of the serviee included, of whom 1200 »re foraigiiore. In 1797 the Papal army was little more than 2000. More than 200 railway and private hills have been petitioned against. The Great Western Railway alone is a petitioner in nearly two dozsm cases, and the London and the iiortb Westorn in about half the number! So that thore is plenty' of work for the lawyers-more than the shareholders will like. Tun Emmes? Euoenib -At the bulf given by the Prinoess Mathilde the toilet of the Empress produoed a most striking eöect, and will no doubt hecome the thorne upon whioh tho most numerous variations will be played during the whole of tho spring. It oonsisted of a satin dress of Sootoh tartan, of no particularjolan, however a gathering of the olans, as it were, in whioh red and bright green predominated-mado _wjth several skirts, each one edged with uarrow satin quilling of ono of the coloui s of the tartan. On her head her Majesty wore one of those fantastic little toquos which an erroneous tradition has plaoed upon the flowing looks of Flora Mjtodonald. Two aigrettes of heron's plumos ornamented the front, and these being fastened by two dueling agraffes of diamonds gave a most elegant and courtly appearance to the whole.- Cour* Journal. ? In the your 1862 there were 120 ca'ies of ÍIogKÍng in tha army, and 941 in the navy. Such offences na these are punished by tho lauli-"Skulking,"' "insolence," "dirtiness," "quarrelling," "false instmctions," "bad language," "idleness," " malignering," "asleep on watch." Upwards of 100 Mexican officers made prisoners by the Fronch, and now residing in varioiiB parts of France, ara said to have given in thoir adhesion to the Government of the Arohduko Maximilian, and will probably return to their country at the samo time as their new Emperor. , M uiinBR.-Stevens, aged twenty-nine, a tailor, residing at Buckingham, courted Ann iieron, a servant, aged' eighteen. He attempted to take liberties with har, whioh she resonted. He wits enraged, and threatened her life. On Saturday evening weok, as she waa drawing water at a pump, Stephens, who had been lurking ¡p an adjoining passage, rushed after her in the street, and deliberately drew the rar.or across her throat. The wound severed the windpipe and also the larger vessels in the nock. The girl died slmostinstantly. The accused immediately made off to the passage, and there infliofeda most frightful wound in his own throat, from wbicb he ¡b now suffering, with very little possibility of recover)'. He Las been committed for trial,. After GiiTrrsnuao.-In that part of the field to which we were assigned thore was a barn, which had been taken as an hospital by the rebel Burgeons. The building was broad and strong, but was rather slatternly than other, wise, aird by no means, in the matter of cleanliness, what was desirable for hospital use. The rebel surgeons, how- ever, everything having been removed by Ufo rebel cavalry upon their first appearance, had piled the ground floor with their wounded, plnoiug them so thickly that it was almost impossible for one to stir without communi- cating a shook to all. In the centre of the floor tho surgeons planted a table for amputating purposes ; and there, m full view of hundreds ot enfeebled wretches, tis» prooses of cutting, and carving, and butohering (for it was nothing elsa) wont on day after day. 'lhe ao«ne, aa ne saw it on more than one occasion, was horrible. _ It was torture for the faint, dis- heartened wounded to Ile, hour after hour, perfectly help lets, compulsory witnesses tiftha atrooitios which theso surgeons dignified hythe nameof "operations." During evory minuto of fifteen hours every day somo sufferer ivas upon tho table. OrdttSi, shrieks, and curses con- stantly filled the air, the sound of the kuifs and tbo dash ot the Baw blending continuously with tho din of agony. Logs and arms falling from tho table to the floor beneath were raked out In armful«, with every eyo fixed on the speotuolo, nnd carried away for burial - " Four days at Gettysburg," in Harpur's Monthly Haqnzine. Tim Fibbt Jewish SEROiUNT'AT-LAW.-r-Among the recout promotions at the Kngllsh bar, wo find the name of John .Simon, Fsq , of the Middle Temple, ii ho accord- ing to Uti London Gazette of Friday laut, has been called to the degreo of aergeant-at-Uw. The learned gentle- man, wo understand, weutthiougb the ancientoeremony of receiving the " ooif" the (insignia of his rank) from the Lord Cbanoellor, at the House of Lords, on Thursday the 11th tilt Mr. Sergeant Pinion is tho first Joviish member of the English bar wlo has attained this rank-the most ancient at tim bur-and wo lieurlily congratúlalo bim on his woll-enrned promotion. | Curious Case op Oontriu't ok Court.-Tho rather unusual course of committing a witness tor contempt of court was tiikcn on Thursday by Mr. Justice Bill nt the Belfast Abdíbüs. A roan nnniod Liddy wos examined, and amongst othor queutions his Loi dallip asked bim was he a publioan. Ho replied in the negativo, but statnd that he was a tinner ; nnd this so offended his Lordship that ho reprimanded him. The witness sharply retorted that ho oould not answer quoalious he did not understand, adding that ho was incapable of doing a mean thing. His Lordship at onoe made out a warrant, and tho sheriff took the witness to prison. W« oro indobtud to the Saturday Review for tho fol- lowing piquant anecdote i-"1 expoot six olorgj men to dine with me on suah a day," said a gentleman to his Initier. "Very good, sli," said fho butler. "High Church or Low Omrah, sir Î" " What on oarth can that signify to ion ?" asked the astonished master. " Every- thing, sir," was the reply. "If they are llfgh Church, they'll drink: if they aro Low Church, thoy'U eat !" The Italian fleot ¡b fast auiuming an important aapeot. The two Iron-clad frigatca built at New York aro shortly expeoteil, and will add materially to ita strength. One of tboie ve-Bels ia reported to bo 28¡> feet lung, 65 (oat broad, and (WOO ton». The ltd (Vitalia, ia intended tu bo armed with 80 pounder guns, und she lina an averago speod of 12 knots, The trials have proved very «atl»f.iotor,y, anti the ship has been accepted by tho Italian Commissioner from Mr. Webb, the builder. The harbour of hpceia, near Genoa, in which a naval amonal is now forming, is one of tho moat oapanioua in Kuropn, and great otforta ure making lo organiao all mattern iiccassary (Air the main- tenance of a powerful fli'of, which was ono of the most prominont designs of tbo lato Count Gavour, From au oflioial report it appears that the Italian Flout al present consists ol' 14 iron-olads, St screw, and ¡ 0 paddlesteam era, beiidea l8 sailing vojioIb, carrying 11124 guns and 21,030 mon. A Dtnlsh officer lies taken on himsolf (lie misahn of studying the dnvlations, aooording to distance, of the filloa of the Piustians. He goos ovary day to the ad vanoed posta, piovided with a glass, and maíces a memo- randum of his obaervolions. The day hoforo yesterday a Gorman rifleman perceived this officer on the look-out at fho diitanoo of about (>0Q metros. The soldier instinc- tively obedient to military disciplino, rospeottully made a salute, and tlum proooedud to attempt to | lodge a hall in tins oIIIom'í body. The latter rejoloed at the opportunity of making a fresh observation; and whilst tho soldier placed himaell against a Iroe lu order lo tiko a fttesdior uim, the ollioer raised his glats to watoh his movfinsnla. "That ia all right," siid ho; " the uiuzr.lo Iia just in a Uno with my breast- we almll see " The trigger wuk pulled, and the Dana qniotlywiote down, "At the distanoo of about UUO yards tho deviation of a . bal frota a rifled ruuakot ia about uue uulre." I JHOKBIBLB ATáoOITlES BT iTAÍtA» BmOAKDS.-The following description of witnesses in the oaao of tbe bri gftud chief Cipriano la Gala and his1 gaijg, now on trial before the Court of Assizes of Santa cMarifl (Naples), ni o romnrkahle sa showing that'the brigands used to practise cannibalism. TTransésco de Oesare had boen their associai» in tho galle,) a. L'on Basqnale de Cea,are, u relation ot the latter, and a witness in the trial, .said';-" On the 14th September ISG1, ïranoeaco received a letter signed Gfano la Gala, inviting him in his own name and that of Gipranohis brother, tooome and join thom in the Moan tains. After some hesitation he consented, and on arriving there was embraced by tho two La GaI», who afterwards Baid to him-'Ïranci9 you mnst dio!' Ho took this for a pleasantry, but was immediately bonnet hand and foot by Antonio Saraoino and,others, and mmdorcd. Alter this they nut off his head, put a pipe into the month, and placed it on the window of a house called Pozillo. i They hung up iho arms and logs on dift'o-! rent trees, and ousting off the flesh from the oalf of one of the logs, they roasted ti and eat U; tlroy even wanted to fotce Don Ruo tola Allessandro, another of their prisoners, to eat some, who, however, refused to do so, notwithstanding their threats." Anolhor witness, G. li. Atnoriella, opnGrmed the above deposition, and added that while the brigands were enjojing the hor- rible repoBt, one of them said-" TbiB is hatter than pork !" Guisoppo Abate appeared m oburt with bith his ears out off, and said :-" On tho ' 2Gth of November ' last, na we wore at dinner in a farmhouse of oura, we were surprised by a large party of brigands, who forced their way into the house, and seized hold of us. I was bound and taken to the mountains. It was Cipriano who commanded the band. While on our way he ordered n halt, and made [ me write a note to my father for a Bunl of 100O ducats ransom money. When wo arrived at the monntain,- I wds brought before Giono, who said to me:-'My btother does not understand a brigand's business-you must pay 8000 ducats.' He then made me write the following note to my father :-* Dear father, I send you ono of my oars ; pray send me 3000 duoals.' Giona Ihon ont off one of my ears, which ho put into the lotter. In the evening he sent for me again, and made me write a second note, ns follows:-' Dear father, lsondyou my other ear, and it you donotsend the 3f)0()duoats to-morrow, I shall tend yon my head.' My banda were then tied, while the blood ran' down my nook and shonldors, no attempt being made to stop it." ' ' j A Nnw Motive Power.-Captain John Reeves, of New York, in the inventor and patentoo of an electro- magnetic rotary engine, for producing power hy eleo trioity, tonny cxtont and for any purposeicquired. The inventor, in his experiments, has disoovorod, and is now prepured to verify the faot, that, eleotrioity oan be dif- fused over surfaces to the extent of huudrods of »iipor floial feet, and thereby cause a» eleotro-niagiiotic attrac- tion, which acts on, and sets in motion, the most powerful mnohinory for producing motive power ; and thi» at a most reasonable expenaa.for material consumed. The method on _ which tho inventor founds the prinoiplo for producing and augiuoutitig motivo power by electricity' is peculiar in its machinery, bat compara ti'roly 'similar in its nattiro to that by whioh other elements aro brought into practical use-that is, the greater tho area of surface exposed to the action of the motive or first cause, whether it be wind, water, steam, or electricity, the greater the effect produced iu motive power. In regard to tho expenso, the inventor rankes this comparison':-In extending the aroa of surface in a steam engine to increase the power, the momentum being tho same, the ratio^ of expense will inmole ¡d proportion, lint electricity, being of a dilfeient nature, when the area of surface is extended, tsxtra power is obtained, with a diminishing ratio ia expense. Ear instance, suppose it cost 125 dois, ppr horse-power lor ino material to keep ai50horse- poweroondeiuing marineBtoumenginout w ork for twenty-four Iioiub, aud the surfaoo in the pisfon is extended sufficiently to producá ICO horse- power, tho coat per horse-power for producing the additional 50, would bo equal to that of the first 60. Bot suppose the cost is 10 bents per horse- power for material to keep a 50 .horne marine olectro magnotio rotary-engine ut work for tweuty-four hours, and the aroa of surface extondod to producá 100 horse- power, the additional 50 hotse-powor would bo obtained at a quarter less cost than tho first 50; therefore, the whole expense would be greatly reduced. _A mar,ine electro-mugnetio rotary-eng i ne, and all its accom- paniments for a six mouths' omiso, would not occupy more spnoa in a vessel than a marine steam-engine ofequnlpower, saving tho room now required for fur- naces, boilers, coal-bunkers, &a.; A vessel to be pro pellod by electricity can be built with one-fourth lest capacity-at less expeusB-with finer lines for Bpecd otrry equal binden, ond in every way posscBS superior qualities to one built for being propelled by steam Again : o vessel propelled by electricity oan be entirely closed up when required. This will mako it available for arming in a psouliar manner either for assault or de- fence, and navigable submerged or ou the surface of the water. This invention is destined to make gi oat changes not only in our river and ooean navigation, but also in railways of every description. The inventor has a work- ing uiodol at the Capitol, with plants of différent des- criptions, which ho is preparing to exhibit to the Govern- ment.- Neu? York Tribune. The proprietor af a forgo, not remarkable for correct- ness of language, but who, by honest industry, had rea- lised a comfortableindependenoo, being called upon at a social moeting for a toast, gave-" SucceaB to forgery." 1 Two Japanese officers aro stotly ing the art of European warfare on the Danish side, whoro thoy hayo every faoility granted them, and aro well received. Addison makes an undertaker, io ono of his plays, thus upbraid a mute who bad laughed at a funeral : " Yon rascal, yon, 1 bara been raising your wages for the last two years, on condition that yon appoar moro Bor- rowed, and the higher wages you reoeive the happier you look." Considerable apprehension is entertained at New [ York, in consequonce of the roported appearance of a Danish cruiser in American wators in aearob of Austrian Prussian, or German veisols. , Restoration of Ciiabixq Cross.-Ono of the mont graceful services ever rendered to London will be the erection of a monument, as nearly as possible the same in sl/.o and fe »turo ns the original Eleanor Cross, which stood in the villago of Charing. This architectural boon is promised by the now railway compony, whoso archi- tect, Mr. Barry, A.R.A, has found a most convenient ? sito in the open spaoe in front of the terminus, very near the exaot spot on which the anoient cross stood. The height of the edifice will be nearly Boventy feet. Of tho | ten crosses whioh marked tho halting- plaoos of the coffin of Quoon Eleanor on the road from Grantham to West- minster Abbey, only three are now in existence, thefinost being that at Waltham, Tho following ¡B a recipe for tho euro of diphthor.ia from a physician who says that ot 1000 oases in which if, has been used not a tingle patient his been lost. Tho treatment consists in thoroughly swabbing the bsok of the mouth and throat with a wash made thus:-Table salt, two draehniB ; blaok pepoer, golden Beal, nitrate of potash, alum, ono draohm each. Mix and pulvérise, put into a tca-oup, whioh half fill with boiling water,stir well, and then fill it up with good vinegar. Uso evory bali hour, one, two, and four hours, ob recovery progresses. The patient may swallow a little each time. Apply one ounce caolt of spirits of turpentine, street oil, and aqua ammonia mixed cveiy four hours, to the whole of the throat and to the bread bone, kcoplng lliunol lo the part. DkAtii from Htdroi'iioiuA.-On Friday Thos. Jones, aged 42, formerly a porter in the sen lou of the Groat Northern Railway, expired from theefketaofa bite of a mad dog, whioh ho received in November limt. His hand was fearfully ont, but as it was Immediately drcssod it healod rapidly, although many weeks elapsed bufoi'o tho ottre appeared oompleto. On the 21st January the Hound was bo niuoli better that Jones went to work ; but on the Suth he tolt very nuuoil and wont homo, On Thursday tho Sdbli he became «orso, and in the evening it was as much as four or Ih o mon oould do to hold liitu, and the d tngerouB bj nvptoms ol'hj drophbhiahad grout ly increased. Ile sulfcred indoscribable ngony. In the evening he ap- peared to be sinking under tho disease, and a little af er two o'oloek next morning, alter remaining a short time composed, ho died. Tim Amkmoan llosiKSTBAD I»aw- It is'ipropoirfil to reponl the Homestead Law, hy the operation ot whioh, tho gloat weet has boon so rapidlj filling np with tliril'tyand industrious tannera, Mr. Thurlow Weed, alarmed at Hi« bulk of the publiodebt, at tho unwillingness of the people topiy tixes, and at the repudiation nhtoli seems bulloo oortuin to be tho result, han suggested, In a serlos of lot tors which have attiaotod much attention and disoussion, to du\irive all future immigrants of the benefits conferred hy this act. Ile nil voua tes the resumption hy th« .State ot Hie whole national domain, and the nnnulling of all tho prhiloges ol' pioprletorship whioh tho Homestead Law conferred upon those hardy pioneers of civilization, who, uxo and spade in bund, denied Iho primeval lorost, and iBtabliahed a valid title to their farm by the mero uat of bringing tho ground lulu u fit state for cultivation, and cul- tivating it tor a delinito period. Ho oontonds that the publia domain has boen aquandered upon this ninas ot people, but that, pioteotod and husbanded with vigilano-, and economy, ila constantly inoroaaiug value would become a basis upon whioh the financial policy of thu Government could be firmly established. This »oberne would throw the paymontof the interest of the publio ilobt lo a very laige extent upon the Km opean immigration. "Il," aaj s Mr, Wood, " these landa (amounting, ucuording to his estimate, to upvrni du of 1400 million aorot) are to ho givíu away, the Old World will sand ita rofuae popula- tion to U8. Hut it the lands are offered for salu at lea aonnble prices, thoa© who oome will bring money to puroliaae and improve them " The argument is sound tor an A mai man ; bul is it equally sound and acoepUblo to tho Kuropoan ? And shah the refuse of Ktiropo- only tho ref«ao beaatiie they aro what Hobart Burns described us tim saddest Hpeotnole undor Heuvon, that ofsliong mon seeking work, and finding nono to give it thom contluue to flow Into Amoriua and eurioh it by their labour, if Am eilen in return will not give them the bhiiio olmnoo ot em lolling themselves willoh it gave thom balure the disruption and the war?- Times'New York Conti' pondtnt. Tub Sueffirld Catastrophe - The following very' important opinión a« to the liability of the'Sheffield Waterworks Company has boen reoeived :-" The Committee of Snfferors by the late flood liavo rlbtiiinod tlib opinion of Sir Ht Cairns, Q O, and of Mr. Brawn of tho common law har, to tbe'oileot tha't the company aro liable to make compensation to every person, without distinction of class, who hn'sonstainod any legal'damage or injury by1 thb flood in question ; and the learned counsel - think it' clear 'that -scotioir > 63 of tho Aot of 1853 imposes this liability upon tho oonipany without proot of nogligenco on their purl, and though there should have benn no negligence ; and fur- ther, that tho sufferers can only tnko the pioperfy of the oompany in satisfaction so far as it'will go. They can- not touch tbepioporty of individual shareholder, or sum thenlt except that thoio shareholders whoihavo not paid np the full amount of their abates may bo made to do no under tho 8th and 9th Viet., o*p. 16, see. 36.-Morning Star, March 24, 