THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1861 The idea of levying a tax upon incomes has, as our readers are aware, been recently broached in the Now South Wales House of Assembly, and it is not a little remarkable to find that it is ardently supported by two politicians so opposite in character and in opinion as Mr. DARVALL r.nd Mr. DALGLEISH. In a very able speech, re- ported in the Sydney Morning Eerala of the 31st ult., Mr. DARVALL brought forward a motion for supplementing the rovenues of the colony, by a gradu- ated tax upon all incomes above £2 00 a-year, estimated to yield a sum of ¿680,000. The arguments by which the speaker enforced his views are those which are familiar in our ears from the very ingenious use I which, year after year, Mr. GLAD- STONE has made of them, to reconcile the House of Commons to the perpetua- tion of an impost intended by its author [ to be but a temporary expedient. An income-tax, we fire told by Mr. DAB VAXL, is the fairest and most equable mode of adjusting the burdens of the country upon the shoulders of those best able to bear them. The existing scheme of indirect taxation, through customs duties, presses moro hardly upon the poor man than upon the rich, The total revenue of New South Wales, divided among its population, gives .£4 per head, one-half of which is derived from the land fund, and the other hal li from articles the use of which is com- mon to all classes alike. The effect of such a system, it is contended, is to make every man in the colony pay £2 a year to the revenue, whatever may bo the extent of his means, and however various may be the measure of benefit derived by him from the state expendi- ture. The poor man pays as much as the rich man, although it is mainly in the interests of the rich man that so costly a national establishment is main- tained. It is the owners of property and of large incomes, it is argued, for whom the various expenses of the state, having for their main object the protec- tion of property and the maintenance of law and order, aro incurred ; and it is the men of income, therefore, who ought to contribute directly something more to the Treasury than that which the poor man contributes. There is undoubtedly some truth ia Mr. DARVALL'S position, that property in these colonies does not furnish its due quota towards the general revenue. Without going the length of admitting that customs duties are inequitable iu their operation, or that they bear as hardly upon the lower class of con- sumers as upon the higher, it is certain that property in Australia enjoys a somewhat too easy immunity from its just obligations. An indirect tax, the operation of which no one feels, is unquestionably better than a direct impost, which brings the tax gatherer visibly before our doors. To obtain a revenue from a number of small indirect taxes, rather than from one general direct tax, is held by all modern political economists of note to be the true theory of taxation. In principle, oveiy tax is moro or less a violation of political economy; but as every scheme of government is in itself, as it has been ingeniously main- tained, a confession of weakness and a sign of corruption, so governments can- not be caii'ied on -without some vio- lations of right principle. The duty of the statesman is so to manage as to make thebo violations as little hurtful as possible to industry. To parody the golden line of POPE " Men should be taxed as though we taxed them not." The burden must be laid on so 1'ghtly as that no one feels it ; and it cannot be made so J'ght as when it is distri- buted over a great many shoulders. Direct taxation, as it has been veiy ably and most conclusively demonstrated by Mr. M'CULLOCH in his recent treatise, is, while seemingly more equitable than indirect taxation, in reality more in- jurious to trade, -as well as more irk- some to the individual. And an income tax, of all forms of direct taxation, is that which is most unequal and most mischievous in its operation. Sir BOBEKT PEEL, according to his own con- fession, resorted to it only as a tem- porary expedient for the protection of the revenuo during the fiscal revolution produced by the Free-trade policy. The people having got used, to some extent, to the burden, the device was too convenient a one not to be resorted to again at a time of war, and since, in a modified form, again in a time of peace. But it is only the fertile and fanciful genius of Mr. GLADSTONE which has been enabled to invent even a plausible excuse for the retention of a tax emi- nently disagreeable to the mass of the English people, and condemned by every sound iule of political economy. Nothing short of absolute necessity can cause the imposition of an income tax; and it is almost incredible that such a necessity should be pleaded in the case of a young country like Now South Wales. Difficult, vexatious, and oppressive as such a tax has been found to be at home, and directly conducive, as it has been found, to the encouragement of fraud and immorality in various shapes, it is certain that an income-tax would be still more injurious, still more unequal, and still more harsh, in its operation in an Australian colony. Yet we are willing to concede so much to Mr. DARVALL as to allow that the time has come, not only in New South Wales but in Victoria,-and that without considering the financial neces- sities of the hour-when the fiscal bur- dens may be so adjusted as to compel propeity to contribute a larger share than at present to the general revenues. While in no country in the world 'are the avenues to fortune so absolutely free and open as in this, there is, per- haps, no country which receives so little in return from those which it has helped to enrich. In England, property is so fixed and immovable as to be powerless lo escape any of its just and i fair obligations. A man of large landed estate has there so many claims to ac- knowledge and so many duties to dis- charge, as to really be only a sort of trustee or steward on behalf of tho people. But the wealthy Victorian pro- prietor has no such indirect ways of dis- charging the obligations of his position. He is simply the holder of a largo ac- cumulation of wealth, which has come to him, in very many cases, alruost by accident, and without any particular exercise of talent or industry on his part. He unquestionably is not, at least in the first generation, a man so useful to his neighbours or to the countiy as he should be. In return for the security which he enjoys, he con- tributes but in an infhrtcsimal degree to the burdens of the stale. It is on his account mainly that most of oui charges are incurred-it is he and kia property whom our system of juati« and police protect-and it is he f°' whom roads and railways are con siructed, and all the modes and appli- ances of Ufe made safe and luxurious And in return, he should pay sometbinj moro in proportion than what the pool man pays. To tax Lim in spirits, ii wine, and in tea, is to lay on him a burd.« quite disproportionate to his means. He may, if he is penurious, escape such burdens almost altogether. He may acknowledge no moral claims whatever, and, while enjoying all the rights, refuse to perform any of the duties of property. And it is from him, therefore, whether in the shape of a property- tax, or a land tax, or a police-tax (as in Tasmania), wo are bound to obtain some portion, at least, of that income which is necessary to maintain the public establishments, to discharge our debts, and provide for the security of life and property in this colony. _ Commissions have an unfortunate habit of going to sleep over their work. Experience has shown that the surest way of getting rid of a troublesome question, for the lime being, is to refer it for examination and report to two or three gentlemen-just as the least cruel but most certain method of extinguishing an undesirable bill is to refer it to a select committee of Parliament. We hope, however, that the business en- trusted to certain specially qualified commissioners, with reference to the dis- charge of the surplus waters of the Yarra in floods, is not to be shelved in the usual manner. Of the direction which their inquiries'took, wo have heard little, and of the conclusions to which they have come, or are likely to agree upon, we know still less. That the work is at least progressing, we must take for granted. That it is one on which hasty conclusions are to be deprecated, will be admitted. But many reasons may be advanced why as little delay as possible should take place, in submitting to the public the outline, at least, of the scheme or schemes which the com- missioners are disposed to recommend for the protection of the lower-lying parts of Melbourne and Sandridge against the overflowings of the Yarra. It is now nearly four months since the occurrence of the flood which gave occasion for the appointment of the commission. The last of the fund collected for the sufferers has been doled out ; and those whose means havo permitted their removal from their little cottage properties on the banks of tho river have carried their household impedimenta to higher grounds. But the road between Prince's bridge and the Immigrants' Home lies almost as it was left on the subsidence of the waters, a narrow line of highway, dangerous to the safety of passengers, whether pro- ceeding on foot, or on horseback, or in vehicles. All along the flats on the south bank of the river, traces of the flood are still too visible. Such repairs of premises have been effected as suf- ficed to permit the resumption of busi- ness ; but the timidity which has been shown by the owners of property on this portion of the river's course has been shared by those whose little farms or gardens were swamped, for many miles upwards from Prince's-bridge. There can be no renewal of confidence in the value of property on the low banks of the river, indeed, until some as suiance has been obtained, by the construction of works to carry away the storm-water in floods, that so severe a visitation as that of December last need not again be apprehended. To the commissioners, or board of inquhy selected to determine how this state of confidence can best be secured, the public look anxiously for information. Pending the publication of their recom- mendations, the distrust which now exists amongst those who have suffered wiU remain, to repress industrial energy, and prevent the extension of workshops and dwelling-houses on land now waste, and comparatively of little estimation, though capable of being made most valuable as the seat of industries connected with and dependent on the trade of the harbour. The summer is nearly over, and the severity of the rain storms of the last few days, reminding us of tíje ap- proach of winter, forces upon oiiKjit tention the fact that we arc even less prepared now than we were before to prevent destruction of property by the overflowing of the river, at least below Prince's-bridge. The embankment which restrained the main body of the water from flowing over the flat towards Emerald-hill, has been broken in so many places that it is useless for the purpose for which it was built. A very small volume of water will undo the little that has been done towards making the Saudridge-road available for traffic. The slightest overflow will make the low portion of the Su. Ki'da- road altogether too dangerous for traffic. We must not forget, also, that the immunity we have enjojed from such great tempests of rain as have lately been experienced in New South Wales and Queensland may not bo long extended. The misery and loss which would ensue from a repetition of the December storm must weigh with the commissioners, and induce thom to push on their investigations with the least possible delay. In the meantime, the St. Kilda-road should be placed in such a state of repair as to be more safe in the dark nights which are approach- ing. To protect the land lying along the banks of the river below Prince's bridge from floods in future, must neces- sitate extensive works, whatever plan may be finally recommended. These works will undoubtedly take much time in their construction. The knowledge that comprehensive plans had been submitted, and that the work would be undertaken at some noj; dis- tant day, would probably be suffi- cient to induce the investment of money in improvements and now works, by giving the investors some security that they and their properties would not bo swept down together to the sea in the next outbreak of the Yarra. But thelesser want to which we have alluded is immediate in its character, and re- quires the instant attention of the department of works. At noon to-day the Dog Show, at tho Exhi- bition Building, will be opened to the public. .After what we havo already written on the subject, our readeia aro sufficiently informed of the peculiar character of the affair, how it waa originally promoted by the council of the Acclimatisation Society, and fina'ly the ex traoidinaiily large number of entiici, which sufficiently stamped ils character as perhaps the kit exhibition of the kind that could possibly be expected. It ia nottco much to say that almost every dog .in the country of undeniable breed and available for the pur- pose will be found on view te day. The cata- logue of exhibits, too lengthy ti be trans- ferred to our columns, proves the large In- terest taken in the matter. There are ex- hibitors, not only from Melbourne and all ita suburbs, but also from Broadford, Flemington, Stcny-paik, Brunswick, Kyne'.on, Williams- town, Gisborne, Elphinstone, Doncaster, Diamond Creek, Sandhurst, Miners' Best, Fryerstown, Ballarat, Phillp Island, Sydney, Dandenong, Castlemaine, and Launceston (VDL) livery variety of dog, except pure bloodhounds, is to bo represented, and the "txtra stack" will include dogB of the Russian, German, Maltese, IriBh wolf-hound, Warrigal, Esquimaux, Danish, and Japanese breeds. With till this to bs inspected, the attendance of visitors will doubtlces bo very numerous, especially t". it is expected that many ladies will attend, for there will be very much to in- terest Ibera, and nothing to offend, unless reasons unknown to the thousands of ladies of the first fashion who visited the last famouB Islington show are invented for the occasion by the leaders of society ia Mel- bourne. Tho arrangements in the hall aro likely to give full satisfaction, and not only will room enough be found for all, but the dogs will b3 unable to touch oach other, and the ladies' dresses will be kept out of harm's way by fences made o( forms, A largo num- ber of dogs were brought up last night; and among those whose penchant is rat-hunting thcie was displayed an amusing amount of fidgetiness respecting the rats with which the placo abounds, but who may not be expected to show their faces again for many a long day. The council of tho Acclimatisation Society undeitake to próvido judges of tin highest authority, and, from what we have already seen, their task appears likely to be i difficult one. From neon till six p.m. the ad' mission-fee today will be 2s. Cd. each, and from then till nine p.m., Is. On Friday tho plac( will be open at a charge of Is. each person Exhibitors are warned by Mr. G. Sprigg, hon Beere tai y, that no dogs will be received a1 the Exhibition Building to-day after nlm a.m. A sudden squall of most extraordinary vio lenco visited Melbourne- and its suburbs, a about half-past three o'clock yesterday after noon. Dense masses of cloud had been gath ering for some hours, and the sky bore ai unusually threatening aspect just prior to tb burst of the ttoim. The wind and the rail during the brief duration of the squall wen of excess! ve violence; the quantity of the latte speedily reducing tho lower part of Elizabetl and Swanston streets to the state of bods c torrents of flood water. As usual, man: various accidents and incldonts attended th attempts at crossing these streets on foot, i man ian a very narrow escape from drownin at the lower end of Elizabeth-street, bein carried off hia legs, and washed away by tb flood. Had it not been for the assistance c some bystanders, who arrested his course, an by means of a rope, succeeded in gettio kim ashore, his chance of escape would hav been but small. After about a quarter of a hour's duration, tho rain abated, and ver shortly ceased, the wind fell, and after veerin about rather unsteadily for a while, agai settled back into its foi mer quarter, and tt close, oppressive warmth of the atmospher whick has now lasted for so many days, i Bpite of occasional showeu and two or thn thunderstoime, remained unchanged unt near midnight, when a south-we3t:rly bree: set in. A woman named Mary Ann Gilfoyle wi charged at the Richmond Police Court, ye terday, with attempting to set fire to dwellinghouse. For some weeks past tho pi soner had been living with Mary Ann Com ton, in Little Elizabeth-street, and on Sato doy Bho received notice to quit, in cons quence of her intemperate habits. On Mo day she went out to look for fresh lodging nnd on returning in the evening, worse ii liquor, elie addressed somo disgraceful r marks to Mrs. Compton and her daughte and threatened to burn the bouse dow: Shortly afterwards, during the temporal absence of the other inmates, a toile cover in Mrs. Compton's bed-room was s on fire. Fortunately the flames were o served and extinguished by a neighbo before much damage was done. The magi trates (Mr. Templeton and Mr. M'Crae) we of opinion that the evidence did not satlsfa torily establish the charge of arson, but fini the prisoner 10a. and costs for uBing obscei language, or, in default of payment, fort eight hours' imprisonment. The other cas adjudicated upon by the Bench were of i ordinary and uninteresting character. A lecture will be delivered this evening, eight o'clock, before the Fitzroy Young Mel Mutual Improvement Association, by t Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, in ! Mark's School-room, George-street, Fitzrc The subject of the lecture is "God's dealin with England." Mr. George Robertson's fifth annual tra sale of booka took placo yesterday, at t rooms of Messrs. Greig and Murray. T prices realised were considered satisfactory. The London Express of the 23rd Janua: says, " A large quantity of engineers' eton consisting of 10,000 trenching tools, who barrows, carts, &c;, were yesterday despatch in barges from Wool wloh Arsenal for shipme on board the freight ship Queen of the Dei for New Zealand." The London Express oí the 23rd January la states that the second brigade of the Roj Artillery, stationed at Dover, which had bei under orders for Australia, had received cou teimanding instructions to hold themseh in readiness to embark for Copenhagen. The Raywood Right of Tuesday last repoi that '' the Bank of Victoria hadahandsoi show of gold and nuggets on Saturday-o of thirty ounces and two of twenty ounc besides smaller ones, figured in the window, The New South WOICB Bank also eahibitec very pretty nugget." Telegraphic communication on the Ac laide line is still interrupted between Gulch Bay and Mount Gambier, At the District Court yesterday, before IV Hackett, P.M., William Keane and Patri Donnelly, two constables of the Melbour police force, appeared to answer the charge misconduct as police constables. On Fi-id last a complaint preferred against these co stables by a young man named Kenny, v, accused them of assaulting him, was hoa before Mr. Superintendent Lyttleton, w subsequently laid the present charge, and i rccted tho defendants to appear in court answer it. Mr. Lyttleton prosecuted, as thi superior officer, and Mr. Aspinall appear on behalf of the defendants. The complai ant, William Kenny, employed in the O entai Rice Mills, Flinders-street, said, i tho night of Saturday, the 2Gth ult., 1 tween half-post twelve and one o'cloc he was standing with several other you men at the corner of Bourke aud Steph streets. As he was talking to another " cha about a recent fight, the defendants carno i They were out of uniform. Keane sa: " What do you know about fights ?" to whi witnesB replied. "As much' as you di Keane then caught hold of him, shook hi and threw bim into the gutter. Witness su he was a,cowardly fellow to knock a m down who nag standing unprepared, wh Keane knocked him down again, and, as attempted to rise, one of the defendants "prodded" him several times in tho faoj with a loaded whip. On getting to his feet, witness offered to fight cither of them if they would fight fair, and one at a time, on which one of them, struck him acroEs tbe eye with the loaded whip, inflicting a cut on his face. < As they then went away, witness followed them and tiiad to get a blow at one of them, but could not sec for the blood flowing from the cut. He, however, met the sergeant of tho beat in Bouike-streot, and told him how he had been used by two constables. The sergeant told him the name of Keune. He knew they wero constables from having seen them in uniform. HJ was under the influence of liquor, but was not drunk. In cross-examination, this witness owned to having been once locked up on a charge of uting obscene language in the street on a Sunday night, and once on a charge of steal- ing pigeons. Hu should not have made the complaint to the Superintendent had he not been told to do so by the sergeant some days after. He admitted having stated to the Superintendent that he was more in fault than the constables. When he got up the second time, ho took off his coat and wanted to fight one of the constables. . Three other witnesses of the occurrence were then called, and gave evidence varying in some of the particulars, but in the main agreeing with the above, Two of them in croas-exa mination admitted having been in gaol ; one on five occasions. It was also shown that the teim " bobbies" was applied to the con- stables before anything occurred. On the part of the defence, it was contended that it WOB only fair to suppose in witnesses ol this character a standing antipathy to a constable ; that the existenco of such a feel- ing, taken in connexion with their antece dents, would render their evidence extremely suspiciouB ¿and that, as the men were off duty at the time, the complaint should have beer left to the ordinary remedy of an action foi damages, where the statements of the de fendants might havo been received In defence Mr. Hackett assented, and thought that Mr Lyttleton, having heard the evidence, would agree with him that the case was one tha might be properly left to the ordinary remedy He would accordingly dismiss the case, with out prejudice to the complainant's right o taking what future proceedings ho though proper. The Daily Ntbraika Republican of Decera her 4 contains a roport of the "Inauguratioi celebration of the Great Union Pacific Bail way," in which Mr. Train took a prominen part, making a speech in which he wes un sparing in his abuse of England. The Repul Hean, speaking of Mr. Train's appearance says, "By special request of the ladies, Mi T. mounted a buggy, threw off his overcoa laid down his hat, rolled up his sleeves, an in another moment the steam was on, an be WOB undor full headway." A valuable addition-the gift of Mr. Pott Davis, an old colonist, and Mayor of M« bourne somo five years Bince-has just bee made to the treasure! of the Ait Boom in ti PublicLibrary. It consists of four marble bus representing the four seasons, the work of tt Chevalier Giovanni Benzoni, a H oman seal] tor of some eminence. They were purchased 1 Mr. Davia from the Roman Court in the Inte national Exhibition of 1802, where they we: exhibited, and, as works of art, will boar ti foi IeBt critical examination. They are mount« on pedestals of grey Portugal marble, pu chased in the Portuguese Court of the Inte national Exhibition, and in themselves tarety, the material being quito new. TI only others of the kind in the Exhibitu were purchased by Sir Bcdcrick Murchisi and the Duke of Wellington. This evening a lecture will be delivered tie orderly-room, corner of Mr. Highet paddock, Bridse-road, Richmond, by i James Smith, Parliamentary librarian, i " Wit and Humour." The Hon. Sir Fran< Murphy has kindly consented to preiii The proceeds of the lectnre will be given the building fund of the Biker-street W( leyan Church and Sunday-school, No; Richmond. The present building, which of wood, is situate In a poor but thickly pop lated neighbourhood, has no other church Echool in its immediato vicinity, and its si (twenty-four feet by twenty feet) renders totally inadequate for the requirements of t locality, there being an average congregati of fifty or sixty, and 140 children attendii the school. A committee has been formed i the purpose of raising funds to build a larf church, and the lecture, announced above, given for the purpose of assisting to acco plish this object. A grand concert is preparation, and also a sale of fanoy and use articles. The lecture will commence at eif o'clock. Lovers of smoked fish will not relish so: recent die closures as to the character of ti delicacy. The Geelong Advertiser has the f lowing paragraph on the subject :-" Our i country friends who indulge in the delici of smoked fish may possibly like to know h tho article is sometimes got up for the mark In a County Court case heard yesterday, I defendant, a fishmonger at Ballarat, oppoi payment of an account for fish supplied him from Queenscliff, partly on the grou that it was sent to him in a Btate of decom sition. Plaintiff retorted that defendant 1 thereby suffered no loss, inasmuch as he i mitted having 'split them up and émoi them,' in which condition they found a rec sale. Defendant so far admitted the soft i peachment as to allow that ho had dispoi of a good many in this way, but added tha large portion were too far gone even for ti and he had to throw them away behind i depot." At the Emerald-hill Police Couit yesterd a man named Henry M'Orosson was char/ with having made use of abusivo and thre ening language towards hiswlfo. Fort! offence he was bound over to keep the pe for three months ; himself in £20, and ( sureties of £20 each. There was a furt chaTge against M'CrosBon of having assaut a constable in the execution of his duty, a having torn the clothing worn by the lat It appeared that when arrested for the fii named offence the defendant had bi 'rather violent, and the assault upon policeman took place at that time, For assault and damage dono M'Crossen was iii 20s., and 46s. costs, with the alternative, default of payment, of a month's impris ment. A female named Jane Collins ^ chatged with stealing boots, but there i being sufficient evidence to convict her of offence, she was discharged. Messrs. Mai and Thistlcthwaite were the presiding mai trates. At the Sandridge Police Couit yesterda; seaman named Joseph Pratt was charged w being absent from his ship, a foreign vosi without leave. He was simply ordered to back on board his ship. Hobart Owen a Edward Dines woro charged with comm ting a breach of the paace in a public pic Both were admonished and discharged. J Stowart was the presiding magistrate. The usual monthly meeting of the Ho cultural Society was held, in the Mechanics' Institution, yesterday; Dr. F. Mueller in chair. There was a large attendance of committee. After the reading of the correspondence, the report of the deputation that waited upon the hon. the Chief Secretary was received, and the proposed change of garden site fully considered. It was ultimately resolved that the meeting stand adjourned at its rising until Saturday next, at two o'clock p.m., at the gardens of the society, for the final discussion of the subject. The result of the exhibition on the 28th of March was then reported, and the amount of the prize money fixed. Mr. J. Cole exhibited a fine seedling pear, which was named Cole's russet ring. Mr. B. Johnson exhibited a seedling apple, which was named Johnson's stone pippin. Mr. Henry Christian, of Kew, also sent, for the purpose of being named, an apple (seed- ling) exhibited by him at the late show, and which was highly commended by the judges ; it was named Christian's Kew pippin. Two other seedling apples were also exhibited by Mr. Quick, of Kew, but they were not named, one not being sufficiently ripe to enable the committee to form a correct judgement of its merits, and the other being of inferior quality. In the course of the meeting, an error in the prize-list of the late exhibition was pointed out, the name of Mr. Stuart being put down as entitled to the first prize, for a collection of pears. It should have been Mr. J. C. Cole, first prize ; Mr. Stuart, second prize. Smythesdale Borough Council seems to be possessed of at least one peculiarly obstinate member, whose views of tbe duties of mem- bership are recorded in the following para- graph from the Ballarat Stir:-"At the Smythesdale Borough Council on Monday, there were present the Mayor and Councillors Moitenf.cn, Harris, Jones, and Tait, Coun- cillor Harris did not take his Beat at the council tablo, and on being requested by Councillor Tait to do so, in order that the buBiness of tho council might be proceeded with, replied that he was willing to take hiß seat at the weights and measures office. His name was down as being present at the last meeting of the council, of which the present was an adjournment. He had stood during the whole of that meeting, and if ho wero present whilst standing then, he was equally BO whilst standing now. If he choso he would take his seat on his hat ; for what the council knew to the contrary, he might not be in a pc3ition to take a seat. Tho Mayor said that the standing orders required that ¡members should take their scats at meetings of the council. Councillor Harris.-' Then I will sit on my cap or on the floor !' The Mayor then declared the meeting lapsed, for want oí a quorum." We understand that an event which will no doubt create the most lively interest in the aquatic world is about to take place, For some time after the late disastrous floods it was feared that rowing on the Upper Yarra would die a natural death, and to prevent this catastrophe it behoved the various clubE to be up and doing. The firot to show the way was the Loander Club, which instituted a series of scratch matches, to be held ever} month, several of which came off very suo cesBfully, but did not seem to havo the effec their promoters desired, who finally deter mined on throwing down tho gauntlet U their brethren of the oar. The first club wh< had the good fortune to be favoured in thii woy was the Richmond, who accepted th( challenge, and accordingly the captains o the respective clubs met and made the match which is to bo rowed on the 30th inst., ii four-oored gigs ; the course to be on the Uppe Yarra, from the Willows to the Sir Henr; Barkly Hotel, and the prize to bo a trophj value £12. From the fact that tho Leander; won the champion prize of the colony las year, and have been uniformly successfu' and also that the Richmond have been like wise successful, a most interesting rae may be anticipated. A meeting of th Committee of the Richmond Regatta we held lost evening, at the Sir Henr Barkly Hotel, for the purposo of receivin entries for the "ovents" of Saturday nex Ten watermen entered to compete fe the prizeB to bo given for " professionals but the entries by amateurs woro very meagn It was strongly urged by those who intende to take part in the proceedings, that, in coi sequence of the trotting races, the dog ehov and one or two other sporting affairs fixed t take place at the conclusion of tho week, th regatta should be postponed for a weel This view of the caso was, by consent of thos who had paid their entrance-money, adopte by the committee, and the Riehmond Regatl thus Btonds adjourned until Saturday, th 16th iuBt, the entries for all racs3 b amateurs being left open till Wednesda; the 13th. On Easter Monday there was a large muster of the friends of the Dandenong Church of England, some 800 persons having attended a tea meeting, at which the resident clergyman the Rev. Whitmore Carr, presided. The pecu- niary proceeds of the evening added about £42 to the fund for the building of a church, which will be shortly commenced. We have received, and rosorvefor furth notice, Abbott's Bistort/ of the Civil War America, compiising a full and impartial a count of the origin and progress of. the rebe lion, the various naval and military engag mente, of the heroic deeds performed 1 armies and individuals, touching seen in the field, camp, hospital, and cabin. " TI work," the Melbourno publishing agent, M Burr, writes, "will bo in two large roy octavo volumes, eaoh containing upwards five hundred pages, printed on fine pape from electrotype plates, and illustrated wil numerous steel engravings from original d signs, executed by the bests artists, and repr seuting important military and naval battl scenes, and portraits of distinguished cor manders and prominent civilians, and will 1 bound in full aiabesque leather binding, wil marbled edges." We have been requested by the treasurer i St. Philip'e Ohuroh, East Collingwood, to a knowledge the following additions to the subscription-list ¡-Proceeds of lecture by M James Smith, £7; Mr.T. M. Girdlestone, M.L.i» £1 ; Lieutenant Uthor, £1 ; Mr. H. Davidso Wellington-strcot, £1; Mr. Teal, Hoddl street, £1 ; Mr. OateD, ICa. ; Mr. T. Hurfoi (fourth), 10s.; Mr. J. Fletcher, 6s.; Mr. Bar field, 5s. ; Presbyterian, 5s ; Mr. W. Jone 5s. ; Mr. Stewart, 2s. 6d. ; Ebe and Willi 7s. Gd.; Mr. P. Wilson, 2*. Od.; Mr. Wa dington, 2s. Gd. ; Mr. Keats, Is. Collected I Mrs. Charles Cook, small sums, 10a. Gd. In tho Supromo Court yesterday, the Cou heard an application under the Real Properl Act (No. 140), Fitzgerald v. Archer, the obje of which was to test whether.tho payment the fee under tbe Land Act 1862 (N 146) can be evaded altogether by purchase from Crown grantees, by dispensing altogeth with the Crown grant, leaving it unissued i the Crown Lands office. The Court reserve its judgement. The forthcoming departuie from the; shores of the Rev. J. Bickford, pastor of ti Wesleyan Church, St. Kilda, and supe intendent of the circuit-who is about l perform similar duties in Sydney-has cause some considérable expression of feeling c the part of those whom he is leaving. TI reverend gentleman has been for moro than few years connected with Victorian We . kyanism. One of his earliest ministeri charges was that of Ballarat, rendered vacat by the death of the Rev. T. Taylor ; andwhl there the foundation-stone of the very ham some chapel in Ballarat West was laid by S Henry Barkly, then governor of this colon nho on that occasion feelingly alluded to h knowledge of Mr. Bickford in Demorar Since then the reverend gentleman has of] cintcd at St. Kilda, from whence ho has bec transferred to Sydney, and the Rev. D: J. Draper takes his plane. Last evening the office-bearers and members of the variou s Wealey anohurches in the third Melbourne circuit presented him with a valedictory address, in which was set forth their regret at l.is departure. The addresB stated that there had been, a large in- crease of members of tho church during Mr. Bickibrd'3-.ministry. Tho address was beauti- fully illuminated on vellum, and bound in richly- tooled morocco, and anpended to it wero the signatures of the Hon. A. Fraser, M.L.C., and Mr. F. Nicol. The presentation was made at a public meeting held at the chapel in Fitzroy-street, St. Kilda, at which tho Hon. A. Fraser presided. The address was accompanied by a very handBome silver inkstand and an elegant desk,, which last was a parting gift to Mrs. Bickford. Another similar address was presented by the theological close, over which the Bev. J. Bickford had presided ; and after addresses from the Bevs. 0\. Moir, F. Nealo, D. J. Draper, and others, the proceedings terminated. Tho largo chapel was filled by the congregation assembled, Some admirable photographic vlowa of the camp at Sunbury, taken by Mr. 0. Nettleton, have been sent to us. Olio picture of the Buries, a view of the camp-the white tents extending along the plain, prettily shaded by the trees- is a perfect gem. The views of some of the corps are also unusually success- ful, for the clearness with which they have been prcdnccd, and the success with which the likenesses have been obtained. The Mount Alexander Mail asks whether a quartz crusher requires a business licence, and answers itself as follows:-"We under- stand that the Bench have received an opinion from the Crown law officers in Regina v. Oiborne (a quartz ciusher of Campbell's Creek, charged with carrying on a business on the gold- fields without a licsno). The opinion of the Attorney-General is, that 'auriferous quartz crushing ' Is 'mining' within the interpretation of tho act, aud is therofore not ' business,' and that the place where the alleged business was carried on, was not a gold-field within the meaning of the act." 