MISCELLANEOUS. The Vienna journals mentions an incident of the Bama hind ai tba disappeeranoe ol Voltaire's and Boaiseaa'a rerna'ns from tbe Pantheon; It appear that the head of Hajdn waa separated fiona tbe body and taken away a week after bis Interment by tbe director of a h ona o of oorreetion, M. Peter, who wished to etody the skull of tbe celebrated composer. The head afterwards passed into the possession of several pareóos, and was bat very rëoently presented to tba Conservatory ot MUBIO at Vienna, where it is now preserved. . * Parson Brownlow, a oordial hater of tho Soath.seyl in his paper, tbe Knoxville Whij anä Bebel Ventilator'-^ " Had we our Wish we would throw hell wide open, end plaoe all such beast-like officers and men npon an in- clined plane, at sn angle of forty-five degrees, greass the planks with bog's lard sis inehei thiok, with a wicket at the bottom, and send them as one stream of traitors, robber', and assassins, into the hottest part of the* in- fernal regions.". " . ; A letter from Hornp Htv says Tba end ot Gene- ral Da Plet WBB that ol a hero. "Being surprised at tho head of bia division by tbe . Prussian torrent, he first gave way after receiving two sabre noonda. Same of bia men rah towards him BB if to afford old, 'There must ba rometbin'g mora to mt ks one die,' ho exoleimed; fol- low cse I1 and with come hundreds of. bis men he ar- rived at the Battery No. S.-- There, while, easting- tbe parapet,, bo wa* bit by a ball io the breast, which parBsd through bis body, end be. fell. Too officers were about to have him removed, wheo be.cried ont 'Erny man to his plaoe and forward.' ' Saying theta worda he expired.» ~G?neral Du'Vift'B eorpeo bad two laurel wreathes round its head wh:n if carno' into his Tr lend b* -bania, and these the Pin a jinn offlaer who eooompanied lt Boross .the strait to Alaeu Blttad wera laid on the brow - of tho dead hero by no lesa illustrious hands " than those of Prinoa Fred» eiiok Charles.: , and . Marshal '.. Wiangel, ; who wished to show before tba eyes pf their whole army ¡in what estimation they held an enemy's valour.' "Pity," says tba Times Danish oorroBpondent," that tba general'« gallantry did not entitle bim to have bia boots restored to hiia;-b.at the Gormans are evidently-mad after Danish shoa.loather, and tho bodies of all, without ex- ception, who foll on tho Düppel heights, were brought baok to aa in their Books,' -' ?.. * ?-' '. ??'<??. A Vienna j carnal had announced that the Abbo Lucien Bonaparte waa to be raised to tbe dignity o(G¡rdin*l in order that he might be properly qualified to be oleoted Sovereign or Pontiff. ' The Cologne Gazette remarka that tbe three Catholio Powers have a right to protest against any nomination of the kind and that a Pope can cover be a relative ef a reigning European dynasty. The pews of the nomination of Mgr; de Merode to the post of Papal Nando at Mexloo, gtven by the flame jonrnsl, ie said to be also nnfonnded. . " , , M. Allard, a distinguished painter at Lyons, who at the commencement of tbe winter went tb Borne with'bis mother, wife,.- and four children, to study the great matters, has jut been murdered ia his ttadlo. When foand he was ia a dying Btatp, having rcoeived no lesa than .Blxtoen: wounds on the head with a heavy instra* ment. The murderer is believed to be a man who had aat to bim as a model for a picture representing Judas giving tho klee to oar Saviour. The model was Bitting for the figaro of the betrayer. The man has been slnoo arrested at Civlta Veoohla. . . ' Another murder, a doable one, has sallied tbs streets of Bomb within the last fow dnjs. At the' Saltia di Cresoeoz*, near the Pantheon, a boy had been buying salad of a gardener. As: asnal at Borne, a good deal of bargaining tock piase : as to the amount of herbs to be aoneldered équivalent to1 tbe proffered coln, the boy Insisting on the addition of a celery root, whfoh he finally took noient volent, and was about to carry off in bia bondie, when ' tbe enragod vendor ruBbed apon him and kicked bim oo violently BB to oaase immediate death. The melancholy sequel of the story is that tba father of tho ' boy, infuriated at hi« Hoii'a slaughter, stizad a knife and overtook the gardener whilet belog led off by the polioe, killing him ao'.nally in the hands ot the gendarmes. - j A young woman of Troy, Amoríos, of considerable beauty, aged twenty-one, and it la said of spotless ohsraolor, has ooosented to be pat ap for a ri flt to be disposed o', body and soul, to the laoky drawer. Thia beats our feitest of fast young lädier. ' ' Marshal Wronge), now , in Denmark,* celebrated his 80th birthday on the 13 :h of April. . The "210th doy of tho siege" ls ohronlcled by the Chirleiton Mercury as the." quietest that the oily hoB known for a long time. Not a abell was thrown at tbe time, ned not a gan was fired," ; Tba Marseilles journals state that some (ears were entertained st the theatre of that plaoe a few evenings bock that a Japanese duel was about to take piase.' A quarrel tot k place between two of tbe parsons belonging to tho embassy. They were seen to write something on two Bmall pieces of paper, whlob were tbrewn into a bat. Fortunately, before they had drawn lots, tbelr friends suaoeeded in reconciling them,'otherwise the ono who drew the poper containing tho word i'Death" would bavo been bound to shat himself np ia bis room and pat himself to death. Tbe oologium cn Joan of Aro, on tho occasion of the 436th ' anniversary; of Ibo delivery of tba town of Orleans by that herolnr, will be delivered this year on the 8th of May, by Mgrj Dupanloup, bishop of that soe. The three hundredth anniversary of the publication of the flrtt bookjpiialed in Moscow IWBS oelebreled in that city some days slnoe. The work in question, entitled, " The Apaitlep," waa written in tho ecclesiastical Sola» vonio language, and appeared in 1D04, in tho reign of Ivan Wastiliovitcb. On tba occasion of this fete there was an exhibition of tbe moat ancient productions cf tho Kassien press. ' . i : A fl j lo« mtoúne, designad for military purposes, bas beon suooesafully tostod ait Washington. A tree was reoently oat down in California, the oircam ferenoe of which ie 00 feet, and its height 329 foot.' Tbe tree oontsloed SOO.OOOfcet of tlmbor. IIB age 1B estimated at about 3100 yeare. The wood was Bound, anil very solid. -, .. - . _ .The Federal Ojunsll of Swl'iirland has ordered tbe immediate, estab ishment of a depot for the oonaentra* tlon of war matotial, ia order to increnae the moina of dofenoe at tho diopnaal of the Coe federation. ?>.?. The "Frlondly B,ns of St, Patriob," ot Now York; discovering .' that a grand nleoe of Dr. Oliver Goldsmith was residing at Hobokcr, la neecstltoaa circumstances, I mada Immcdlato provision for berre'ief by gendoning her with an annuity ol £00 dol'ora for life, j A new park for Paris is bsing opened at tho Buttes St. Chiinrocn*. ? ?: I Tba people of Iba Cape de Verde Islands, it appears, .ra euffttlrg fearfully from famine, especially (be Ii. land of St. Jago, Thousands of poor rrmuree ara Iring about nuder walls »od tedie» in tba neighbour bood of tba town of Porto Preyr, wbo have deserted tbeir bornea and mada for Iba town in tba bopes of beiog fei*! Many f»om tba more diatant part of tbe ialand died OD their war, unable to reach tba town. Starvation and death are making feorfnl b.voo amouget ties. AU tba other »landa are vleitcd nearly aa badly, and tbs beat informed people say that twc-tbirdfl of the inhabitants mnat die. There are no previsions in the Islande and very little money. The BuBsian journala mention tbe coourrenoe of a mslaneboly tragedy at Lipetsk, in tba government ol Tambcff. A retired sub-lieutenant, named Orlo ff. bad jud killeJ bia eouiin, Mdlle. Apollinaire Sokoloff, by ahcoting ber with a pistol, at her own ri quest. Tba two oonsins were deeply enamoured of each other, bot tbeir relationship bain* an cbitao'e to tbeir anion, the lady begged ber lover to put on end to ber life, and the latter, in a moment of frenzy, only too faithfully executed ber wishes. Tbe Fenian Brotherhood lave opened a fina new ball at Boston, America. A Canadian paper aays that during tbe last twelve montha communication by eleotrla telegraph bas taken place between London and Tarnen, in Siberia, a diatanoe of 4030 miles. The continuation to Niool.iwskl, on tbe Paoifi% it nov probably accomplished, and tbe connec- tion, via CilKornia, witta New York, ia confidently looked for in J RCS. Tbe Q*tlec (¡ande of the 20th April aayi-".Tbii afternoon, between one and two o'clock, a. smart shook of earthquake «as felt throughout this city, listing for several eeoonde. The houses were BO violently shaken ' tbat ali who wera io them made tbeir woy to tba street, as quickly aa possible. We ara happy to state tbat no damage was done, so far aa we have beard, except the -falling of a few bricks from ohimneye. The atmosphere at the time waa olear, with a strong bref zs from Ibo north-east. Tbs present sboek exceeded in power tbat wbiob we experienced in October, 1600." j An Amcrloin paper says that the most costly ottlole in the ad valorem tax Hat, diamonds, oontribnte to the national reroane 05,940 dolían. Tbi>, at tba rate of three per cent., sbowB that moro than two millions dollars' worth of that presiona stone waa manufactured in jewel« lory o! various kinds, and ebioibsd into nae daring the patt ya ar. ! In oonacquense of tbe abaenee of oargoes at Now York, flour la now oenveyed from tbat port to Liverpool at the rate of abeut éd. to 1 d. per barrel. Wheat ia brought os billast and witbont Oberg«. Agaidcnsr cf Yvetot (Seine-Inferiemo) has discovered a simple manner of ridding a garden of oaterpill.rs, A piece of woollen »Miff having been lodged In a tree by the wind, waa found to have beeome eovered witb those In- sects, Tbe man seeing that result plaoed several other pieocs on different tree?; and tbe caterpillars Battling on them In tbe night be waa able to deatroy a quantity every morning. .A new piei across tbo Ardea has been dlsoovered, and a railroad baa been projected through it from Chili to tba Argentine Republic. It will be eighty- seven müea long, have an elevation of 0000 foot, oost a million and a-hsif sterling, and require fear years to make it. It will asoend the Teno Valley and descend that of tba Bio Grande, a ttibutary of tbs Bio Negro, whisb forma the frontier between tbe Argentine B publlo and Patagonia. A rimarkable eaaa of longevity ia mentioned aa having ooo wed in tho communs of St. Gemme (Gironde;, where a woman, the widow of a farmer named Barbe, baa just died at the age of 100 years and three months. She was barn in tbe reign of Louie S.V., in 1707, the year of the battle of Bosbaob, and of the attempt of Damien. A remarkable particularity is stated in the local journals connected with thia woman--namely, that ebe lived principally on garlio and ahalots. . Tbs Italian ironolsd Ba Galantuomo arrived at Naples on May 4, Her orow were in excellent heal.h ;. vast orowda assembled to see ber, and greeted ber with loud 'obéira. The Brussels journala mention tbat there ia liviog at Vi'ltors lo Gamboa, ia Belgium, a woman, named B-jurretambonr, aged 1(3, Sbe enjoys all her faculties ' U able to read without glasses, and reaently joined id a danae dnring tbs last fete in tbe village, A sooiety nae jatt been established ot St: Petersburg to disseminate instruction among the Jown residing in Busala, In tho first sitting, lately held, tbe question was debated bow to generalise BB tuuo'a os poasible the BoEBlnn language and elementary knowledge. ¡ Correspondons!» from CenotmitlnoplB contains painful details of tbe immeneo immigration of OiraaBelena into Tmlioy, caused by tho surrender of Yardar, tba last Choaseian stronghold, and tbb consequent'roealation <f three- tribes to abandon their country. 27,000 Or. oassiahB have already arrived at Trublzond, and it is supposed tbat within the next two or three montha et least'300,000 moro will Beek refuge in-Taikey, The moat shooting misery prevails among tbesa unhappy wanderers, In spite of tho tiforta made by the Tarkijb Government to alleviate (heir Bufferinga and ssttlo them in some of its most thinly- populated territories.' It ls proposed to enlist 30,000 of them in the Turkish army ; and it is estimated that tba Soltar.'* treasury will:be drained of at least £1,000,000 for tbs support and establishment of tba vanquished tribes .wbiob are flying from their Buaalan conquerors into bis.domtaiopp. A physician named Pommerais WOB reoently tried,ia Paris for tho murder, by poisoning, of a.widow named Pauw, who had eomo two y airs previously been his mis tros». The trial lasted eight days. " Pommerais had insured tbo widow's life for £2J,0QO, at eight insUtanoe office*, and bad told her tbat after hor death this would secure to bor orphan obildren 3000 fr; a year. Ho paid the insnranoB polioy for tho first quarter ; but before tbe Beoond became doe, be induced his violim to simulate illness for soma dsTB, stating that sba weald bo visited by n dootor from tho insaranoa authorities, and if ehe Eppenrod at the time to ba very ill, Pommerais could componed with tbs inButanos offices for a sum of roady money. Pommorals visitod tho deooascd daily for some time, and administered, some med o'.no , to ber some boura previous , to her doa'b, wbioh WOB attended with all the symptoms which obaraotoriB Vibe absorption of poison. Thia waa not tho first violim of Pommerais' villany. Two years previously be got rid of his mother-in-law by aimilar moana. The presiding ?judge, stated that tho prisoner had Beverel times attempted to oommlt snloide in prison; onoo bo took verdigris, at another timo ho opened o vein, be eljo wounded himself ia tho noso BO OB io produoe violont bemorrboge, Tho prisoner said be was drivon to those acts by despair, but he vehemently protested bis .'inna aenoe; Tbe jury found the prisoner guilty ot psisonlng the widow Do Pau*. No mention of extenuating olr camstanaee having t>9en made, La Pommoroia waa con- demned to deatb. Among the main points relied upon by the prosecution woto :-That .the deooosod.died of poison ; tbat tbe poison waa of the nature ol those whiob, belangtes; -to tho vegetable kingdom, might leave no aharactoristio traocs in the oreaos, and might hot be eliminated by obemiaal analysis, bat whiob revealod tbeir prcaenoe by their cfTeotv,' and were discovered by tbo deadly aotion whiob thoy exeroiBsd upon living animale ; and, that digitalis waa one of these poisons. A poisoning oatie hos oooutred at Tarin. A Carllacer offloer stood arraigned for making away with his wife1, and after mash investigation and plausible evldenao égalait bim, it turned oat tbat the dead body submitted for chemioal analysis, and found deoidodly to oontsin poison, : happens not to bathe wife's romains at all, anothor coffin having been mistaken for tbat lady's. 'Somebody else rans tho risk of unlooked-fcr detection; though the Carbineer baa been acquitted.. .Tho King of Dahomey baa eade another raid into tho Yotuba country,'but baa been driven bcolc w th boavy lise, Inatead of ravaging the invaded country and rurrj 'io'g off tbouBanda of tba population to boBBoriflocd to his idols, or sold to tte elavotraders on tho coast, be hao lost 10;o of bia troops ia killed,' and as many bava been wounded. 