NEWS OF THE WEEK. If we may believe our Queensland telegram, the notorious Gardiner has-been captured at last. It appears that wearying of his predatory life, he 'adopted the more comfortable vocation of a boni face and took an hotel at the Aplin Creek, Peak Downs, where ho was arrested. He was lodged in Brisbane gaol on Saturday, 'whence he will be for warded to Sydney. The public will be glad to learn that the Govern ment nas conierreo. me vacant poss 01 joLtsiuui wiuuor ui the Heads on Dr. J. D. Owens, the late member for Mandnrang. Of Dr. Owens's qualifications for this appointment, there can be no diversity of opinion. A member of the Royal College of Surgeons, and an M.D., he holds high testimonials from the Impe rial Government as an emigration officer. In the, early days of the gold- fields, Dr. Owens had a large private practice, being, we believe, the first, , medical man who settled at Bendigo. Of late years he has bp.en better known as a politician' and journalist. The appointment is a graceful re-; cognition of the public services of a popular re presentative, whose honesty and consistency ?have remained unimpeached for a long course sof years. Dr. Owens retired from Parlia ment about nine months ago. He had, previous to the last election, resumed practice at Bendigo, but was induced, to contest Mandurang in conjunction ?with Mr Sullivan. He was recognised as the only candidate who could successfully oppose Mr Panton, who would otherwise have divided the representation ?with the (then) Commissioner of Customs. . For the first Assembly, under the New Constitution, Dr. Owens defeated Dr. Candler for the district of the Loddon. It will be remembered that Sir Charles Hotham nominated Dr. Owens to a seat in the old Council, recognising thereby those claims of the minerB which he had so strenuously and successfully advocated. It was currently reported a few days before the de parture of the English mail, that the Duke of New \- castle was about' to resign the Secretaryship of State. for the Colonies, owing to ill health. Our London telegram, however,' states the resignation to be un fait accompli, and announces Lord Wodehouse as his successor. Of Lord Wodehouse very, little is known. The Australian and New Zealand Gazette of 9th January says :— ' Lord Wodehouse is one of the most rising young men connected with the liberal party. He has been Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs and. Ambassador at St. Petersburg, but has experience is entirely diplomatic, and he cannot at present possess' that weight and influence in the Cabinet which is required from the representative of. ? the interests of the colonies.' Some significance j may be attached to Lord Wodehouse's appointment, from the circumstance that he had just returned from a special mission to Copenhagen. Dod's ' Peerage, Baronetage and Knightage' (1863 edition), supplies the following information :— ' Wodehouse, third Baron (Great Britain). Created 1797; Bart., 1611. John Wodehouse, son of the late hon. Henry Wode house (who died 1834), by the only daughter of Theophilus Thornhagh ' Gurdon, Esq., of Letton, Norfolk. Born in London 1826: married, 1847, the eldest daughter of the third Earl of Clare (she ?was bora 1825) ; succeeded his grandfather in 1846 ; educated at Clirist Church, Oxford, where he was first class in classics 1847 ; was appointed a deputy lieutenant of Norfolk, 1847 ; was Under Secretary 'for Foreign Affairs from December, 1852, to April, \- 1856 ; Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipo ? tentiary to Russia from May, 1856, to March, 1858 ;. .again Under Secretary for Foreign .Affairs from, June, 1859, to July, 1861 ; is patron of eleven livings. The first baron in this family had pre viously been knighted for his conduct at the siege of Cadiz ; the fifth baronet represented Norfolk in .five Parliaments,, and the sixth was the first peer., Residences : 48 Bryanston square, London, W. ; Kimberley, Norfolk.' As showing the serious light in which the Ger man quarrel is viewed in' Great Britain, the Home News states that orders have been sent already to the shipping ports in the East to ship no produce ? by either German or Danish vessels, and in the present state of affairs the example, no doubt, will be generally followed. . , . We learn from the Star that the vagaries of Mr H. Salmon, the Ballaarat auctioneer, who has so frequently figured of late in the police courts at that place, are at length suspended, if not radically cured, by the infliction on him of a month's im prisonment by the magistrates, who, in giving judg ment on a series of very disgraceful proceedings, said that the prisoner's conduct could not be over looked after the medical opinion; in favor of his ac countability given by Dr. Bnnce. The Creswick Advertiser states that 'the produce of four bushels of potato oats, sown upon two and : a half acres of land at Lonnon's farm, Bullarook, was threshed last week by Mr Richardson's machine, arid yielded three hundred and fifty -three and a half bushels.' A meeting of subscribers— for the most part ; members of the council — of the Art Union of Vic toria, was held, on Monday, in Mr Summers's Art Gallery, for the purpose of considering the question whether the society should cease to exist. The support awarded for the present year is of the most meagre description : twenty-six subscribers having contributed thirty guineas. The society, however, is in a position, if wound up, to pay back , nearly twenty shillings in the pound. It seemed to be the general opinion that, unless the public came forward with a liberal support, it was vain to trust to the effort of a few individuals, and that the ' society should be at once dissolved ; but, to give the public an opportunity still to come forward, the meeting was adjourned till Monday next, at four o'clock, in Mr Suramers'fi gallery. The adjourned annual meeting of the Royal Society was held in the Society's hall, Latrobe street, on Monday evening ; Dr. Macadam, president, in the chair. There were only fourteen members present. The business of the meeting was solely for the election of office-bearers for the year, and members of council in the room of those retiring by ~~ rotation. In the course of the proceedings Dr. Mueller and Dr. Macadam took occasion to express their determination not to accept of any office in connection with the society, on the ground that they considered there ought' to be as large an infusion of new members as possible, and also because of their inability, from the pressure of other engagements, to attend properly to the duties of any office. The elections resulted as follows :— President, Professor M'Coy ; vice-presidents, the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale and Dr. Gilibee ; treasurer, Mr A. K. Smith ; librarian, MrStutzer; custps, M* Archer j and fjocretary, Mr Ellery. The following gentlemen were elected to the i vacancies in the oouncil :—' Dr. Barker, Messrs E. Von Guerard, .C.D'Oyley Aplin, T.-C. Rawlings, and E. G. Fitzgibbpn. It was intimated by the chairman that for other vacancies that had occurred in the council, through the , election of members to honorary offices, a special meeting would shortly be held. A meeting of the electors of South Grant was held at Geolong on Saturday last. The meeting was convened at the instance of Mr M'Cann, M.L.A., for the purpose of affording him an op portunity of stating his intentions with reference to the third reading of the Land Bill. He went into a: lengthy explanation of the measure, and de clared his determination to vote against its being read a third time. He stated, however, that, if his constituents, desired the bill to .pass, and if the meeting passed a resolution to that effect, he would accept such an expression of opinion as evidence that his views no longer accorded with those of the electors, and, that being so, he would at : once re sign his position as their member. He said he felt he could not degrade the position of a repre sentative, by consenting to act as a mere delegate, which he would do if he voted for a measure to which he was conscientiously opposed ; neither did he desire to retain his seat one moment after he felt that he no longer represented the opinions of his constituents. After considerable discussion, a motion was proposed by Mr Wilson, seconded by Mr Hall, 'That this. meeting approves of, the Land Bill, and desires that Mr M'Cann will vote for its being read a third time.' To this an amendment was proposed by Mr Wylie, seconded by Mr Kennedy, 'That this meeting does not fairly represent the electors of South Grant, and that the question submitted to tb.9, meeting be left to Mr M'Cann's own judgment.' An exceedingly interesting pic-nic was given on Saturday, by Mr Politz, the cigar manufacturer, to the large staff of employes in his establish ment, who, as will be seen, gladly seized the occa sion to testify their great respect and esteem for their employer's unvarying kindness and consider ation for them. The event was the first of the kind amongst them, although in great probability but the first of an annual series. Mr Politz's fac tory was closed for the day; and about nine a.m. there started thence a procession, headed by the band. of the Immigrants' Home, and consisting of about 130 apprentices, 30 cigar makers and others, marshalled by Mr M. Harvie, the manager of the factory, and Mr Wahner, manager of Mr Politz's tobacco farm at Dandenong. . Two banners were carried, one of which was made entirely of various kinds of tobacco leaves, fringed with cigars ; but the chief attraction was a Brobdignagian dgar, nearly eight feet long, which was carried on an elevated framework. The procession having tra versed several of the leading streets of the city, leaving in their track a fragrant cloud of the smoke of the home production, assembled at: the Flinders street railway station, en route for . Brighton, whence — hearty cheers having been given . for Mr Politz — they were con veyed to their destination. Arrived there, various games were soon actively engaged in, the chief of which were cricket, football, and running matches. On the old Brighton racecourse, a large tent had been erected, and ample provision made for the occasion. Shortly' after twelve . o'clock, drums sounded for dinner, and soon the tables were filled by the party, who' were in a high state of en joyment. Mr Politz presided, supported on either side by Mr Haryie and Mr Wahner. In due time fun and laughter having ceased, at a call from Mr Harvie, that gentleman proposed that they should drink to the health of .Mr Politz, and, in doing so, spoke of his constant kindness, generosity, and careful attention to their welfare. He then pre sented an address to, Mr Politz, from the senior class of employes in the factory, accompanied by the gift of a valuable silver cigar case, the acceptance of which was begged as a slight token of the respect and esteem they entertained for him. Mr Harvie then called1 upon Mr1 Brown, one of the apprentices, who, on their behalf, read a similar address requesting that their employer would do them the favor of aceepting an accompany ing silver vase, This address was got up entirely amongst the boys, who had subscribed sixpence a week each for the vase, which was a highly orna mental and costly piece of work. Mr Politz then rose, amidst prolonged cheers, and feelingly ex pressed his acknowledgments for the kindness dis played towards him, and, in the words of the address, trusted that he might enjoy many years of health and prosperity so as to enable him to return it. He then proposed the health of Mr Harvie, highly com plimenting him at the same time, A suitable reply was given, and, after a few more and similar, toasts, the party broke up and games were resumed. An hour or so later another pleasure party arrived, ac companied by a good band, evidently on dancing bent. Towards evening the employes returned to the factory in the same order they left, all in high Bpirits, and none the worse for their day's amuse ment. A meeting of the Garrick Club, convened for the purpose of considering what steps should be taken in connection with the proposed Shakspeare memo rial, was held on Monday, in the Garrick's Head Hotel. Mr W. H. Williams, the vice-president, occupied the chair. After the disposal of some routine business, the meeting proceeded to consider the special business of the evening. The secretary, read various minutes bearing on the subject, after which a somewhat desultory conversation ensued. Mr Rusden, secretary of the memorial committee, stated that, in regard to the financial aspect of tho matter, there was £400 in the bank, which, it had been decided by a majority of the subscribers to devote towards the formation in the. University of a Shakspeare scholarship, and that he could guarantee £200 more towards the same end. The views of those who were in favor of a statue trer.o represented by about £40. Ho anticipated that the £600 he had already mentioned would speedily be increased to £1000, as Dr. Bromby and other gentlemen had agreed to deliver a course of lectures, tho proceeds of which would also bo devoted to the; purpose of founding a scholarship. After some far ther conversation, Mr Philp moved, and Mr Ford seconded, 'that in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable to give a performance in did of tho Shakspeare statue fund already jn hand, and that immediate steps be taken for-' that purpose.' The . ? motion was unanimously agreed to, as was also one to tho effect that his Excellency the Govornor be requested to givo ' his patronage to tho perform- ? once. It was afterwards moved by Mr Philp, seconded by Mr Bulman, and carried unanimously, ' That sjrF, Mprphy, Messrs James gmitla and. ;Dr, Neild be invited to co-operate with, the following members of the club, Messrs Williams^ F,ord,;Philp, Banks, and the hon. secretary, as a committee to carry out the necessary arrangements of the perf 6r monce ; and that the said committee have power to add to their number.' The ordinary business of the society was then proceeded with, when the resigna tion of Mr W. M. Hudspeth, secretary and member of the club, was accepted, and Mr J. M. Forde ap pointed hon. secretary pro tern. ; and Mr Bulman elected treasurer in lieu of Mr Weedow, who was incapacitated from holding office in consequence of his frequent non-attendance. The quarterly report of the heolth.officer of Sydney does not speak very favorably of the condition of the poorer classes of that city. The report says: — ' The dwellings of the poor and laboring class in the city are notoriously bad. In large cities and towns in England great improvements in such dwellings have been made. Philanthropists have come forward to aid this, and their efforts have been crowned with great benefit, Here we want some thing of the same spirit to protect the health and add to the comfort of our laboring population. The most unwholesome lanes and alleys of huts in the city are the -properties of the most wealthy colonists. Agent3 are employed to collect the rents, but not to repair or clean such dwellings. For instance, take the lanes between Kent and Sussex streets, George straet south, Goulburn and Dixon streets, and the far-f ameci . (why ?) * Durand's alley.' Here are to be found the habitations of the poor— a family to each room ; and, for the most part, these are pro perties of high and wealthy people. In these places children are reared in filth and- dirt; contract dis gusting habits ; and I frequently find in snch places children afflicted with skin diseases. Under the circumstances of the possible further development of disease as population increases in the city, more accommodation should be provided in hospitals. It monstroustis. to suppose that the Infirmary, contain ing only 200 beds, is sufficient accommodation for all urgent cases of disease and accidents. This want causes many poor and destitute sick to linger: and die at their homes, becoming a focus for the propagation of disease to the whole community.' The new missionary ship Day Spring, now lying alongside the railway pier, Sandridge, was on Tuesday the great centre .of attraction to the juvenile portion of the community. It had been announced some days previously that, on Tuesday, the ship would be open to the inspection of the children belonging to the various metropolitan and suburban Sunday schools, and arrangements were accordingly made to render the event of as interesting a nature as possible. The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company agreed to run special trains during the'- day, at a very low fare, in order that the utmost facility might ' be given towards a strong muster of youthful visitors, and, accordingly, from ten o'clock in the morning until nearly dusk, almost every train from Melbourne contributed its quota towards the grand total swarming- the decks n-nd crowding the spacious cabins of the vessel. Under the' manage ment of Captain Fraser and the other officers of the ship, as well as a committee appointed for that pur pose, matters were so arranged as to, permit of the children inspecting; with some degree of comfort, the noble craft which their pence had built. A mis-' sioriary box was: placed on the table of the chief cabin, and, when opened after the pro ceedings of the day had terminated, was found to contain between £8 and £9 towards the mission fund. Each visitor, before leaving the vessel, was supplied with some slight refresh ment,' and those who had ? dropped their mite into the missionary box received, in addition, a poem or hymn, written by one of the missionaries, in which were summarised the leading incidents of the voyage from Halifax to Melbourne. About half -past one o'clock the children, to the number of about 2000, assembledin the railway shed, and were addressed by the Revs!, Geo. Mackie and A. Morrison, by whom the claims of missions were eloquently advocated. . The amendments of the Legislative Council in serted in the Consolidation Bills were adopted with slight alteration in the Assembly on Tuesday; The effect is to postpone the operation of the various acts till the 1st of January, 1865. The committee of the Melbourne Home have for warded us the following report of the institution, from 1st to 29th February, inclusive : — Registra- tions: Governesses, 4; needlewomen, 12; servants, 143 ; total, 159. Engagements: Governesses, 2; servants, 100 ; total, 102. Inmates : Governesses, 4; needlewomen, 13 ; servants, 32 : total, 49. Num ber in Home, 29th February, 28. The committee take this opportunity of informing the publio that there is every hope of the institution proving self supporting, when relieved from the burden of yearly rent which it now has to bear. It is their earnest wish to bay or build premises, and for that purpose their collector, Mr Welsh, is obtaining donations. The amount collected before the opening of the in stitution ha8 been the only fund available for fur nishing and carrying on the current expenses: of the HomeJ Now that the institution is ia full working order,- a scale of fees has been decided on by the committee (to be obtained of their collector or at the Home), to suit either those employers who may widh to subscribe annually, or those employers who may prefer making single engagements. An Italian was arrested at Ballaarat, on Saturday evening last, on suspicion of having murdered Giu seppe Stagnio, at Ironstone Flat, Epsom, about a year ago. ? He was brought before the Eastern Court, on Monday, and remanded for two days in order that an interpreter might be procured. , A meeting of the Flood Relief .Committee was held on Tuesday afternoon in the mayor's room, at the Town Hall, for the purpose of distributing relief , from the sum in hand, to the more urgent cases of distress occasioned by the great December floods. : Mr Sturt, the police magistrate, occupied the chair. . It was stated that the committee . had still a sum of about £70 in hand for distribution, and, after careful examination, of the various cases put forward by claimants to relief, the following sums were voted : — To — Stewart, Kew, £7 10s; Thomas Ward, for assistance afforded to his neigh bors and others in the flood, £3 ; Mrs Watts, £10, in addition to a former grant of £15 ; George Fitz- simon, £7 10s, in addition to a former vote of £10 ; — Barrow, £5; Mrs Arnold, Emerald Hill, £5,; John Ratoliffe, £2 10s, in addition to £5 already received. It was resolved that the balance, amount ing to about £35, should be retained in hand to meet any capes of urgent distress which might yet be put forward. The committee then adjourned sine die. Mr Maofarlano, the inspector of fisheries, has re cently visited the several fishing stations around Port Phillip Bay, for; tlw PPPQ8Q P* seeing ttoifj the provisions of the Fisheries Act were duly ob- I served. He found' that in several instances., I illegal neks were used. These were ? at once I seized,\ and the owners' were summoned to ,ap- § pear at the ; Police Court, . Williamstown. j Tuesday was the day appointed for hearing, the j ?complaints, and the following wore the, results: — Ah Poa, a Chinese, was fined forty shillings and costs, and forty-five fathoms of , net belonging to him was ordered to be forfeited. Kong .Wan, also a Chinese, was .fined forty shillings and costs, and ' thirty-three fathoms of his nets was also ordered to be forfeited. John Geesam, another Chinaman, was fined twenty shillings and costs, and forty-eight fathoms of his net was forfeited. Hans C Jansen was fined forty shillings and costs, and forfeited ten fathoms of net. A schooner, the Falcon, lately built in the marine.yard, Williamstown, under the supervision of Captain, Elder, V.N.B., for the use of the revenue officers at Western Port, was the vessel employed on this occasion, and she has shown herself fully equal to the ; requirements of the service for whichshe is intended. In the land where the sun shines from the north and cherry stones grow outside the cherry, it may not seem extraordinary, in the conduct of .parlia mentary business, that a bill minutely discussed. and agreed to in all its details should then be debated, on principle on the oocasion of its third reading. This was actually the position of affairs on the motion for ihe third reading of the Land Act Amendment Bill on Wednesday. The old familiar arguments, the same musical tones which, night after night, have delighted hon. members to utter and to 'listen ' 'to, for a' month past, were given over again, happily for the last time, for this session at - least. Mr O'Shanassy made the first considerable deviation from the rule of temperance which has been tacitly laid down for the conduct of business this session ; ands in a somewhat incoherent speech, attacked the Govern ment, and abused their bill in unmeasured terms. The House adjourned to dinner, and,- on resuming, the Attorney-General replied ? to , the ex-Chief Secretary, i and sharply ? rebuked him .: for his want of temper, and recklessness, pf assertion. Some 'personalities . were exchanged, which were stopped at the intervention of the Speaker. The debate then continued with great dulness until midnight, when the third: reading was carried by a majority of four, the numbers. being 34 to 30., .... . , ??;.. ._.,/ . ,.;. A meeting of master bakers was held on Wednes day,' at the Albion Hotel,. Bburke street,, to. consider whether the price of bread should be again raised. There ?? was but a thin attendance, ' Mr WeedoW .. ?. took the chaiiv After a desultory diBcussionj it was resolved not to interfere with the price atpresent, and themeeting then adjourned till Saturday, evening next. .?'..'.!.'.... ..,..-..? The following rather curious fact in connection with the working of the Great Golf Company 13 mentioned by the t Ballaarat Evening Pbst:— 'When the wind is in the North, and the tempera ture high, a current of very foul air comes, from a fissure in the rock, and greatly impedes .the work ings. In cool weather, however, and when the wind ? is from any other' quarter, a strong current of air is drawn from the shaft into the fissure. This would seem to indicate the existence of some large subter ranean chasm, which may entitle thecompany to the name they have assumed.' We give the following for what it is worth, It is an extract from a communication forwarded to ? the Ovens Constitution by the Wood's Point corres pondent of that journal:—' Melbourne capitalists, or assumed capitalists, are applying for leases of from twelve to twenty-five acres ; and, no doubt, unless opposition be made, the applications will be granted. It is very questionable whether or not the lessees will ' be able to expend the necessary capital on the ground; in fact; it is nothing more' than monopolising the district and preventing individual enterprise. The most glaring instance of. this oc curred lately. Mr M'Lellan, an honorable member in, the House of Assembly, came here, applied for a lease of over twenty acres, the miners supposed it would be nonsense to oppose so august a per sonage, the application was granted, and he has since disposed of the ground in lots, and realised over £4000 by the transaction. Not a bad, 'spec' either! If a co- operative prospecting association were formed it might be the means of keeping those wary Melboiime business gentlemen oat of the field.' ?.?'??'? ? ? : .: ! ' A remarkably nice legal point,' says the Talbofc Leader ' was raised in the Police. Court on Monday by John M'Lennan, a storekeeper residing at .Mount Greenock, who was summoned for carrying.on busi ness on Crown lands, he not being, provided 'with a business license; Defendant asserted that inasmuch as his store was erected on the lease held by the Talbot Gold: Mining Company, ho was not, in .fact, on Crown land, as the land had been nlienated from the Crown for a term of years., This state of things appeared somewhat difficult to decide and the clef en dant ultimately asked for an adjournment to enable him to obtain the attendance of 'some witnesses. The bench, no doubt, felt pleased at not 'being oalled upon to give their : decision- hastily on auoh a novel question.' , ? . . ... It would appear that Burke, the Epping mur derer,, has been at last arrested. Tho Ovens Con stitution, of Monday,- saj^s'that, on Saturday, Bartho lomew Burke,- alias Morri,' alias Calldghan, was brought up on remand from BelvOir, charged with having wilfully murdered his wife, about six' years ago, 'at Epping, near Melbourne. The bench re manded him to Melbourne. , , The Grenvillo Advocate states that, ' on Satur day last, a number of Chinamen were circulating bad haif-sovereigns at Carngham, Mr Calaghan, hotel-keeper, on Bottle Hill, having been tried with one that was soft and easily bent, and more deoply milled than those of genuine manufacture.' , The annual grain and produce show of the Kyno ton Agricultural Society tookplace Wednesday, at.the show yards, near the Hospital. Contrary to common expectation, the wheat and oats exhibitod.werG of excollent quality, the energies of the society having been put forth to sustain the reputation of the dis trict for cereal productions. Peas, votohes and grass seeds were also very good. ? : ....:. We have received by tho St. Georgo, from Mau ritius, a file of the French journal Lo Oemeen, to 26th of January. Wo observe that his Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, our late governor, Had presided at tho annual mooting of tho Royal and Acclima tisation Society of Mauritius, promising it all tho assistance in his power, for vhich Sir Honry re ceivod high praiso from tho press. The Acclima tisation branch of tho sooioty was contemplating tUq iatvoduQtiqn of ilah from Miu^guscw, nwl bad already' taken: steps to procure fruit trees from Mexico, 'altogether unknown in the island. The Moniteur de la Reunion reports that the volcano was in great activity on the 1st and 2nd of the month. The Laming lava had set fire to the woods and scrub of the islets of Grand Brule, taking in its course the direction followed in the eruption of 1832\. From ' a report published in the Govern ment Gazette, of Mauritius, we leam that during the last .three months of 1863, the Indian emigrants arrived in the island amounted to 1152 souls, con sisting of 707 men, 267 women and 173 children, from Madras, Bombay and Calcutta. The Indian population of the island now amounts to 228,979 ; 1.58,249 men. and boys, and 70,730 women and girls. News from Madagascar, received' by the French corvette, Le Curieux, was to the 16th of December. The political situation was becoming more and mere difficult for the Europeans -who yet remained. It was still asserted at Tamatave that Eadama was not dead, and that he was in a place of safety. ?, The usual fortnightly lecture, was delivered on Thursday evening, at the Benevolent Asylum, by Mr Kirkland, on' chemistry, with illustrations. Mr Thomas Dickson presided. The lecture, which was a very interesting. one, was attentively listened to, and at its conclusion votes of thanks to the lecturer and chairman were unanimously carried. . The next lecture will be given by Mr 'Henry Harris, who will take for his subject Dickens's 'Humphrey's clock.' :: ' .????? : A return was laid on the table, of the Legislative Assembly, on Thursday, of the gold passed through the Customs department in 1863, and to date in the present year. The amount in 1863 was 1,626,956 oz ; and for 1864 : Januarv, 123,429 oz ; February, 108.80S oz ; and March, 31,861 oz. . 'We understand that Mr H. S. Chapman has re ceived an appointment to a jndgeship in New Zea land, a position he once occupied before.: The Melbourne correspondent of the Ballaarat Star is responsible for the. following : — 'The reputedriches of Wood's Point are attracting buyers from neighboring colonies of quite an exceptional character to the usual speculators in' mining scrip. If what I have heard is true, and I have no reason to doubt it, a neighboring vice-regal potentate has found sufficient time from his duties even whilst carrying on an' active war to turn his attention to our last developement of mineral wealth, and has instructed a gentleman of high official standing, who lias had previous relations with the colony over which his Excellency now rules, to invest something like thirty or forty thousand pounds in this colony, and more especially at Wood's Point, to which place curiously enough the Surveyor General of this colony ha3 recently made an official visit. The first investment is to be, if the price does not stand in the way, the purchase of Scott and Hurley's valua ble claim and crushing machinery, and I believe I am correct in stating that a well-known Wood's Point man has already gone up to feel the way. I may add to this that our own Governor is rather fascinated by his late visit to the gold-fields and is inclined to -invest. Mining1 speculation is fast becoming fashionable- and aristooratic.' ' The Riverine Herald, referring to the various remedies which have been recently advocated as a cure for snake bites, says : — ' Many cures have been effected by sucking put the poison, when no stimu lant could be obtained. Other means had then to be resorted to in order to prevent the patient from falling into a stato of coma.. We know of cases where the brutal method of applying a bullock whip freely has been employed. The blacks have an idea that if the snake by which the bite has been inflicted is killed, the bitten person will die. They also believe that, if the man. dies 'the. snake will also. They therefore endeavor to mark it in some way, and watch it until the case, as regards the patient, eventuates. ' Some time ago a blackfellow, in the employment of Mr'Duhne, of Nitaly, on the Darl ling, was sent out into the back country to look for some horses. ' He was bitten when about fifteen, miles from home by a snake in the leg. He caught the reptile and tied a bit of string round its belly. While doing so he was bitten a second time in the arm. He sucked both wounds himself, and walked home. He was .sick for. some days, but recovered. The exertion he was compelled to make no doubt saved him.' The committee of the Shakspoarian Scholarship, fnnd, have resolved . upon getting' up, a course of lectures to assist in making up the deficiency of. £400 (in the amount required to found a Shaks pearian scholarship in the Melbourne University. The committee have secured the services of the following gentlemen : — G. W. Rusden, Esq. ; Pro fessor Irving, the lion.. A. Michie, the hon. T. T. A'Beckett and Dr. Bromby. Tho first lecture will be delivered by Mr Rusden, on the 31st inst. Some surprise was expressed, on Thursday, at tho departure from their usual custom by the banks, in not observing St. Patrick's Day as a general holiday. The innovation was quite .unintentional, and was ' brought about in the following ?singular manner. Tho banks take it in turn to send notices to the three daily journals on the day previous to any holi day. It was the duty of. the Bank of Australasia to send tho notices for St. Patrick's Day, and they were despatched by the messenger in due course. That individual; however, instead of taking them, as directed, to the offices of the three papers, put them nto one of tho iron post office pillars, where; per chance, they may still remain. ' Consequently, no intimation appeared in the papers, and, most' un- willingly, as well as unexpectedly,- tho employes of the several banks were deprived of their ouBtoinary holiday. .': 