SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, 1864, c At last we have such an answer from home on the subject of transportation as ought to satisfy even the official mind of Mr. M'CULLOCH. There is no further excuse henceforth for anyone to pretend ignorance of the intentions of the Imperial Government. Transportation to Western Australia will not he abolished. In spite of pledges and de- clarations to the contrary, it is now distinctly announced that we have nothing to hope from the home authorities. The promise of the Duke of NEWCASTLE is deliberately repudiated by Mr. CARDWELL. The convicts will continue to be sent so long as England chooses to send them, All that the earnest and respectful remonstrances of the Australian deputation have gained from the Colonial Secretary, is a snub- bing. "We are even taxed with ingratitude for not acknowledging the past favours of the Government. Having asked that we should have no convicts, we are told to be thankful that we have no more than six hundred a year. It is England who complains of our unkind ness and want of duty. The colonists are reproved because, in their arguments against transportation, they betray no sense of the great consideration already shown to them by England, in refus- ing to make the wrong ten times greater. Such is the logic of the Colonial Office and such the final answer which the free colonies of Australia have received to their repeated protests against transportation. Henceforth, it is clear that we have nothing to look for from the Imperial Government. The justice and clemency of Downing-street have been exhausted in that great effort of self-sacrifice -- the refusal to adopt the entire recommendations of the Penal Servitude Commissioners. We are distinctly told that we must not ask for anything more. The insolent terms in which this reply is couched forbid us even to hope for any further justice from the Imperial Government. The climax of the insult is surely reached when the feelings of the free colonies are placed on the same level with those of Western Australia. Western Australia, it is declared, is as much entitled to be heard in the matter as Victoria or New South Wales. That is to say, the convict colony of 20,000 souls-the gaolers and pensioners of England in Western Aus- tralia the community which is nearly all either felon or dependent on felonry is supposed to have a voice equally worthy of consideration with that of a million of free Australians ! We desire no other fact than this to show how ignorant and careless is the Imperial Government of the true nature of Australian interests-how hopeless is the prospect of justice at its hands. As the wrong is solely ours, therefore it is on ourselves alone that we must depend for a remedy. The day of protest and petition has expired, and the time has no w arrived for action. The measures which we might reasonably have hesitated to adopt, while there was any chance of England being turned from her purpose, now become not only justifiable, but a necessary duty. If the curse of con victism is to be removed from ourselves and our children, it must be by our own lands. "We have gone to the last limits of loyal forbearance. Henceforth, we must think of ourselves rather than of England. We must protect ourselves in our own way against the evil from which England will not deliver us. The speech of Mr. CARDWELL to the Australian deputation we may safely take to express the sense of the official despatch which will have been received by this mail, in reply to the formal protest of the Victorian Parliament. There remains, therefore, no excuse for further delay on the part of our Government in dealing with this question. The subject of transportation must be one of the very first brought before the notice of the new Parliament and on Mr. M'CULLOCH'S treatment of it will depend his claims to be considered as the head of a Ministry which enjoys the confidence of the Victorian people. Hitherto, we have had nothing But half-measures and equivocation from the Chief Secretary. He will not do anything himself, and he will not allow others to act on his behalf. There must now he an end of this shuffling. There is no question on which the public mind is so much in earnest as on this matter of transportation. However some of us may differ as to the measures to be adopted to secure our ends, we are all unanimous in desiring that this evil shall be put a stop to-by fair means, if possible if not, by any means in our power. We cannot bring ourselves to believe that the local Government is powerless, of its own resources, to provide a sufficient protection for the colony against a further intrusion of the convict element. Surely we may guard ourselves, sufficiently at least for our present purposes, by legislation. If the present Convict Act is, from any cause, dead, or of no effect, i it may be amended and made more stringent. It can hardly be made too precise in its provisions. We must not have either the criminals who are or the criminals who have been upon any terms; and we are justified, if necessary, in placing an absolute bar to all intercourse with Western Australia, so long as the felon immigration to that colony continues. The community whose " feelings " are in favour of transportation, has no part or lot with us, the free colonies of Australia. Let Western Australia have her convicts, if she will, but let her keep them to herself. We are bound to prevent even the possibility of that foul sewer finding a vent in our direction. Having passed such a measure as we may deem essential to our security, let us see if the Imperial Government or its representatives will dare to accept the burden of its rejection. In the meantime, let the experiment of Mr. EDWARD WILSON and his coadjutors be carried into effect. To give it the semblance of a national rather than of an individual movement, let a public meeting be called, and the voice of the citizens be heard in the matter. Whatever be the issue, we hold the firmest conviction that we may gain, and, at any rate, that we cannot lose, by a demonstration such as that proposed. Agitate, agitate, agitate ! ¡wd if the results of the agitation are not propitious to the plan of retrans portation, then let the authors of the plan proceed at their own risk, and let the malcontents substitute a theory, and pledge themselves to put it into practice. The cutting sarcasm of SHERIDAN that corporations had nothing which could be kicked in this world or lost in the next, and would therefore do any- thing has been generally accepted as a just though severe criticism on such bodies. Trading companies in particular have been looked upon by society as more especially obnoxious to this censure. Acts and professions which would readily pass the ordeal of public opinion when proceeding from an individual, are stopped, challenged, sand suspected, when a public company puts them forth. And when the influences which such organizations can exert are at once subtle and powerful, society is the more disposed to watch them with distrust and uneasiness, and to be ready to quarrel with and resist them as occasion may arise. In this community the feeling we have referred to has been manifested in an intense degree towards our bank- ing corporations and inasmuch as those institutions exercise a concealed, but mighty influence, in the colony wield a power which can, and does, affect the well-being of all classes of society, we cannot wonder that watchfulness and suspicion should be the habitual attitude towards them. In one direction they are charged with monopolizing the produce of our gold-fields, and in another with exerting a baneful and deterring influence on manufacturing enterprise. Country depositors complain that their deposits are not used in stimulating the industry and trade of their respective neighbourhoods, but go to fill the insatiate maw of Melbourne and town depositors echo the complaint, averring that Melbourne is sacrificed to the fancied interests of a foreign proprietary. Nor is this all that is alleged against them. By no inconsiderable portion of the community are the banks still believed to combine to raise unduly the rates of discount and exchange, and at the same time to violate habitually the terms of their charters, by issuing more notes than are sanctioned by law. It is possible that some of the counts of this rather formidable indictment are contradictory, and that others are incapable of proof. With the fact that they are made, we have just now to do. A trading community labouring under the disadvantage of a money-market, the normal condition of which is tightness in the superlative degree, may be well excused if it is not very just and discriminating m uttering its complaints. It is not every sick man who can, luce HOOD'S invalid, fix his malady with certainty on, " that confounded cucumber I've eat and can't digest ; " and it is possible that there are circumstances over which the banks have no control, which may help to produce and perpetuate the evils under which our traders groan. When our Legislature sanctioned the establishment of backs in Victoria it took care with true British instinct, to insist on some guarantee for the security of the public. The banks might issue notes, but they were required to hold an equal amount of coin, bullion, and Government securities and in no case might that amount be exceeded. During the past two years there have been in circulation on the average notes to the extent of £1,400,000, and the banks have held in coin and bullion ¿62,030,000. What would be the condition of England and Scotland if such a banking law as that of Victoria existed in those countries 1 In the first-named country, the Bank of England and the few banks of issue, keep in circulation on an average about £23,000,000 in notes, while the coin and bullion held by them seldom exceed £15,000,000 and in Scotland, where until 1844 perfect free trade in banking existed, the circulation of notes amounts to upwards of £4,000,000 against £1,500,000 of coin and bullion in the coffers of the banks, were the issue of notes restricted in England as it is in Victoria, there would be a crisis every year, like that of 1857, which has been shown to have been produced by the Bank of England being compelled by the Act of 1844 to cease to issue notes, when its reserve of coin and bullion was reduced to £6,000,000. And in Scotland, so disastrous would be the consequences of such an unwise restriction, that half the traders would have to suspend, " In the whole of the United Kingdom," says a recent writer in Blackwood's Magazine, " there are about £40,000,000 of notes afloat, " while only half that amount of specie is available for all the purposes of " banking put together." It is thus evident that there is a serious difference between the banking system of Great Britain and that of this colony. The one sanctions the issue of twice as many notes as there is coin held, while the other practically causes more coin to be held than there are notes issued. According to the English plan the Victorian banks should issue upwards of four" millions, and according to the Scotch, nearly six. Between these amounts and that actually issued, v-5., £1,400,000, the discrepancy is so glaring, that it seems quite sufficient to account for the fact that nine and ten per cent, are still the common rates of discount for two months' bills. The notion, that it is necessary for the security of the community to re- strict the issue of notes, has been abandoned by nearly all authorities on barking and public economy. ADAM SMITH, J. S. MILL, GILBART, M'LEOD, have all shown that there are far better safeguards against the excessive issue of notes than any the Legislature can devise. The practice of paying interest on deposits, the methods of exchanges adopted by the banks, and the constant and inevitable tendency of all notes issued in excess of the wants of the community to return at once upon the issues, have been found in Scotland, for a century and a half, to be amply sufficient to protect the public against any real or imaginary evil to which the issue of bank notes may subject it and, while the Scotch system is safe, it has also been successful. It is conceded on all hands that free trade in banking has had much to do with the thrift, industry, and enterprise, of the Scotch people. But if the trading requirements of a country where a small amount of money represents a large amount of goods, have necessitated the circulation of nearly three times as much notes as coin, how much more necessary must such facilities be to a country such as this, where money and goods are in inverse relations, where more transactions take place in proportion to population, and where every transaction requires a larger amount of money to represent it. From Le Semaphore de Marseille of 28th June we have a few it' is of later European news. The Daily Telegraph defended the policy of the Government on the Danish question. It says the country hesitates as to war. The Tory party alone desire it, in order to stay internal reforms. The Morning Post declares that England can no longer maintain her neutral position. Lord Palmerston would help Denmark, but his views were not supported by the Cabinet, and Earl Russell held opinions directly contrary to those of Lord Palmerston. The yojfxDnsideredtbat war was inevitable. We learn from a Paris telegram of the 27th, on the authority of the Moniteur du Soir, that on Sunday morning the Prussians had opened fire against the fortifications of Alsen. Two German steamers had passed the Eider canal, and were anchored under protection of the guns of Frederickfort. Many barges had been forwarded by the railway to Schleswig, which were thought to be for the passage of the Prussians to Fiona. From St Petersburg we ham that the project of an industrial bank and credit fancier for Russia emanated from some of the principal houses of London. At Madrid, on the 25th, the Council of Ministers, under the presidency of the Minister of the Interior, had met to draw up a law for the press. A correspondent of Messrs. Sargood, King, and Sargood's writes thus: large and influential meeting waited upon the Colonial Secretary this week, by appointment, to present a carefully-prepared and temperate memorial against the continuance of the transportation of convicts to Western Australia, Several members of the deputation briefly addressed the secretary in support of the memorial, and urging the baneful effects produced in the Eastern colonies by the system continued to the Western; when, after hearing all, we were very coolly informed that Her Majesty's Government took great credit to themselves for not carrying out the ?<?>. commendations of the Royal Commission by sending out a greatly increased number that the colonists of Western Australia had as much right, nay more, to seek the continuance of a system by which they benefited and knew how to appreciate, as we had to seek its discontinuance; that Her Majesty's Government did consider it somewhat ungracious On the part of the colonists that they had not stronger feelings of acknowledgement for what the Government had even braved, in setting aside the almost unanimous recommendation of the Royal Commission, and that Her Majesty's Government were wholly disinclined to makceveathesmaiiestpledgeorcon cession on the subject of the memorial. So that we were not only snubbed, but b3 representing the various colonies of Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealanders member from each colony as such addressed the secretary -I say we were not only snubbed, but the colonies as such were in a very gentlemanly fashion kicked out of the Colonial-office." I certainly deeply regret the position taken by the secretary (Mr. Cardwell) ; it was a political blunder. He certainly treated the colonies with very little more regard than the three tailors of Tooley-street ' might have expected when they assumed the 'We, the people of England. We all, without exception felt aggrieved on leaving. I do not mean aggrieved personally, but as colonists. We left the office with the feeling that the Government were resolved to pooh pooh the colonies, as places of little note and, perhaps, very troublesome. I repeat that I much regret the bearing of the Government towards the colonies. Its effect must be to create a somewhat antagonistic feeling on their part, and probably lead to the adoption of some strong measures, to which they will feel goaded by the Imperial procedure. I presume you and the other colonies will adopt some s from g course in the way of legislation or otherwise, to convince the Imperial Government that you are in earnest on the subject, and will never rest until England ceases to curse Australia, as she now does, by setting loose on her shores some of the vilest miscreants from the Fatherland. We all feel that 'action,' prompt and vigorous action, perhaps joint action of all the colonies, should be taken forthwith." Our dates from Western Australia are to the 26th. Fas est court as hosts. The Inquirer and Commercial News, a pro transportatiOn organ, in publishing the letter; of our correspondent, says the statements are generally correct and reliable. The following remarks occur in a letter just received from Fremantle, West Australia: "Transportation is the bane of the colony and I defy contradiction to this, my one assertion-that the labour market is now overstocked ; the depots are all full, and men are glad to take employment for food and lodging. Another ship, the Merchantman, is now on the way with some 300 men. What is to be done? The distress will, if men are continued to be sent out at the present rate of, become great amongst the pensioners, for every fresh ship causes numbers to be discharged from the force, to make room for the new arrivals. The Medical and Surgical Review (8th August) discusses the sanity of Harrison, and comes to the conclusion that " he was properly punished for the crime of murder." A second article is devoted to a réchauffage of the arguments against homoeopathy, and some rather comical speculations on the future of the Melbourne University and late professor of anatomy. We have Auckland dates to the 1st inst. The news is interesting, as showing further hopes of peace. Our Tasmanian dates are Launceston to the 9th, and Hobart Town to the 10th Inst. but the news is without interest. Our Sydney dates are to the 9th inst. Our dates from South Australia are to the 10th inst., but all the news of interest has already been anticipated by telegram. The annual ploughing match in connexion with the Port Philip Farmers' Society took place yesterday, at Prospect-hill, on a farm occupied by Mr. J. F. Boadle, and situated at the Yan Yean road, about ten miles from Melbourne. The soil being a rich black sticky clay, and the surface slightly uneven the work was a little difficult, but equal at round. The competitors were more numsr ous than last year, there being twenty-six: instead of eighteen, and they all completed their task. The work was pretty good There was a general belief that the first and second prizes would have been awarded to those who actually took the fifth and shell but the drawback was an insufficient depth c furrow. It is a remarkable fact that, though most of last year's winners were again competitors, none of them took prizes this year. As Roberts appears to-day for the last time for a period in Melbourne, his condition matches are watched with more than USE interest, so it was not a surprise to and the large room of the Albion Hotel crowded la? evening with spectators of his play. They were richly rewarded, for the famous champion has rarely played better, though he has be better opponents. On this occasion, his adversary was a Mr. Cox, who, however, he ill-fortune and an invincible antagonist. I was not his breaks, for Roberts never made more than ninety- seven without grounding his cue, but his strokes were all in the very best style. He played marvellous stroke with his head turned away from the ball and in other modes the balls obeyed the: master in wonted fashion. Mr, Cox we passed shortly after he had increased the GC points given him by 200 more, and at its conclusion the game was Hobarts, 1,000 ; Co: 837\. This afternoon Roberts gives Norclif 600, and in the evening he gives Lamb 50 The last match especially is likely to prove interesting in a high degree. The bi-monthly general meeting of the New Chum Mining Company (Bendigo) was held at their offices, 37 Market-street, on Thursday afternoon, Mr. W. B. Jones in the chair After the usual formal preliminary business the secretary, Mr. R. Schlesinger, read the directors' report. This document began I congratulating the shareholders upon the results of the last two months' work, at then set forth that the profits obtains had enabled the board to clear off £1,276 If dd, of debts, the yield continuing so stead that the directors recommended a dividend which they trusted would be the forerunner of many others. During May and June, 1,5' tons, including540 tons of quartz and 747 tons of tailings", mullock, he., had been raised from the company's ground, and passed through the stampers, while 285 tons quartz had been crushed for the public. The receipts during that period were £3,214 8s. 4d., of which £3,013 4s. 7d. was received from gold, or £198 6s. from public crushing. The yield from 1,287 tons of quartz tailings, He, was 7 9s. 9d., an average of 12dwt. 6gr. per to Compared with the returns of the two previous months, it was found that there has been 244 tons of quartz crushed less than a two months before, while there had been t increase of 426 oz. of gold obtained. TI balance in hand enabled the directors to r commend a dividend of 3s. per share, pay able, according to the regulations, on or after the 10th Inst. According to the finance sta ' event, which was next read to the meeting he expenditure for the two men had amounted to £3,142 7s. 3d., of which £1,276 18s. 4d. was for the liquidation the bank overdraft. The balance in hand was £80 GB. 10d. On the motion of A Levy, seconded by Mr. Day, the rest and balance-sheet were adopted. Mr. So then moved, and Mr. Keogh seconded-" Tai in accordance with the recommendation of the directors, a dividend of 3s. per share be declared on 0,910 shares, on which £2 had been paid up, the same to be payable after the 19th inst. The motion was agreed to as also was the following resolution, proposed by Mr. Selfe, and seconded by Mr. Deable " That as soon as the directors have sufficient funds in hand to pay five per cent, on the paid-up capital, a special general meeting be called for declaring a dividend." Votes of thanks to the directors and Mr. Schlesinger concluded the proceedings. The third half-yearly meeting of the Melbourne and Newcastle Minmi Colliery Company (Limited) was held yesterday, by adjournment from the 30th ult., at the company's office, Collins-street west. Mr. James Lawrence, chairman of the board of directors, presided. There was a large attendance of shareholders. Mr. Hatchell Brown, accountant, read a lengthy statement of the financial affairs of the company, from which it appeared that the total liabilities up to the 30th of June last amounted to £61,152 6s. 5d. and the assets, including the uncalled capital and the plant, left a deficiency of £5,518 11s. 8d. That amount, however, the auditors estimated, would be increased by the following items Estimated liabilities in Sydney, £1,000; bad and doubtful debts in Sydney, £509 ; depreciation by wear and tear of working plant, £2,000 and depreciation in the value of the steamer Bungaree, £1,000 making the gross liabilities £10,018 Ile. 2d. In reply to a question, Mr. H Brown stated that since the 30th of June, an expense of about £200 per week had been incurred in working the mine. The chairman explained that about £500 of the amount had been paid off within the past fortnight, Mr. J. Thompson asked if it might be assumed that the liabilities of the company at the present moment were about £11,030 in excess of the whole of the assets, including the unpaid capital The chairman thought that was as near an estimate as it was possible to make. After some general conversation about one or two matters connected with the company's affairs, Captain Blatchford, with a view to test the feeling of the shareholders, proposed a motion to the effect that the company should be wound up, which was seconded by Dr. Reid. The chairman ruled that it was out of order, as special notice was required before such a motion could be discussed. Mr. P Brougham then proposed," That Messrs. Spence, Thompson, Monro, and Alexander Brown, be appointed a committee to examine the accounts of the company from its commencement up to the present date, and that they, after such examination, suggest some course for the future working of the association." Mr. Littleton seconded the motion, which was adopted unanimously, The meeting was afterwards further adjourned to a future day, for the purpose of receiving the report of the committee. We understand that information has been received by the mail that the honour of Doctor in Divinity has been conferred on the Rev. Thomas James Ewing, of Hobart Town in consequence of his long connexion with the Church of England, and MB high seven title attainments. The case of Clough and another v. Byrnes and another (Pacific Fire and Marine Insurance Company), before the Chief Justice in the Old Court, was advanced to the completion of the evidence on both sides yesterday. I will be finished to- day the fifth day of th trial.! The six days' rehearsal of the facts and speeches in the similar trial between the same plaintiffs and the Hobart Town and Launceston Company, have enabled the per formers to save one day in the present trial which is the fourth, arising out of the die stated total loss by perils of the seas of the ship Eli Whitney. In the case of Pierce v. Willison, heard the County Court yesterday, the plaintiff, bailiff of the court, sought to recover 99 damages for an assault alleged to have been committed upon him by the defendant From the plaintiff's statement, it appears that on the 15th of July he arrested a man named, Carmichael, upon a warrant issued at that court, and went with him to the di fendant's place of business in a right-of-way off Bourke-street, on the understanding that a settlement would be made. On arriving there Carmichael went inside the gate, an on plaintiff's attempt to follow, he was roughly handled by the defendant, who tore his clothes, and blacked his eye. E had expressly told defendant that he was bailiff, and had arrested Carmichael on warrant of the court. For the defence it was contended that the defendant was not aware of the official capacity of plaintiff until aft the occurrence, when he at once expressed h regret for what had happened and also th; the ill-usage received by plaintiff had been exaggerated in his statement. It was as in a (ted on both sides that immediately aft the assault, all of the parties had something to drink together in a neighbouring place refreshment. The Court awarded plaintiff verdict for the full amount claimed. At the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday, woman named Helen Hayes was sent to go for a week for stealing boots; while a mt named Thomas Port jr, brought up in charge of Detective Black, was committed to take his trial at the next General Sessions, of having broken into a stable and stolen some harness, the property of a Mr. John Lew A few small debt cases", involving trifling amounts, made up the list of the day business. Messrs Wilson and Tullett we the presiding magistrates. The police have a man in custody on st picton of committing the two recent bu glories at Carlton, He is named Gibson, and Ferris He was brought before the City Cou yesterday, and remanded for a week, There was no business at the Emerald Police Court yesterday. There was only one case at the Sandrid Police Court yesterday, and that was a chair of drunkenness. The offender was dealt wi in the usual manner. At the East Collingwood Police Court yesterday before Mr. W. Thompson, J.P., a you woman was charged with having attempt to commit suicide by swallowing a quantity of muriatic acid. The particulars of the CE have already appeared, and to avoid unnec sary publicity, the evidence was taken private. The poor creature had become a victim of a man named William Keys, w afterwards deserted her, and in her despair she attempted to destroy herself. She was discharged, and through the intervention some friends, sent to the House at the Con vent of the Good Shepherd. Norah Donel Alice Johnston, Bridget Tighe, and Sar Fisher were charged with child-murder, a remanded to the City Court. W. Hawkins charged with breaking the windows of grocer's shop in which his wife had take refuge from his violence, was fined 1s., a ordered to pay 5s. damages. Some small d( cases were heard, and the Court adjourned. At the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society yesterday, the superintendent made the flowing return Number of inmates in I home, as reported last week, 179; admits since, 88; persons who have received a door relief, 232; total relieved, 909. I charged from the home during the week, I total at present remaining, 177. The Head-quarters Band will play afternoon, from half-past two to half-past four, at the Exhibition-building, the following pieces of music:- Overture, "Stabat Mater," Rossini; quadrille, "Millen," Her furth; selection, "Irish merit lies," Johnson; overture, "Preciosa," Weber; waltz, " The Courtiers," Lanner; Selection, " Traviata-.," Verdi; galop, "Trltsch, Kritsch," Strauss; I and "God Save the Queen." The trial of causes set down for special juries of four " commenced yesterday, before Mr. Justice Barry, at the Supreme Court. The anniversary of the St. George's Sunday school, Wellington-street, Collingwood, will be celebrated to-morrow. The second of the series of Saturday afternoon concerts will take place to- day, in the Town-hall at Prahran, under the conduct of Mr. C. E. Horsley, and the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, The superior of the Convent of the Good Shepherd, at Abbotsford, makes another earnest appeal to the public, to second the beneficent object of making the institution self-supporting. The half-yearly services in the Victorian Free Church, Park-street, Collingwood, will be held to-morrow, when three sermons will be preached that in the morning by the Rev. Thomas Hamilton in the afternoon by the Rev. Isaac New; and in the evening by the Rev. James Rowe. On Tuesday next there will be a public tea-meeting. The choir in connexion with the church will take part. Collections will be made in aid of the church fund. The list of successful candidates at the election for the vacant seats at the St. Kilda Council board, on Thursday, should have read as follows-James, 410; Dyer, 392; Tullett, 366 ; Oldham, 357 and Ford, 307. The defeated candidates were Messrs. Sellar, Dobson, Hall, Nankivell, and M'Dougal. The Theatre Royal was again crowded to overflowing in all parts of the house last evening, to witness one of the farewell performances of the opera company and in consequence of the great success of the two last performances, a third will be given this evening. II Trovatore" and " The Lily of Killarney" were played last night, and were very well received. This evening, "Lucretia Borgia" and "Don Pasquale" will be given, A large number of seats are already taken. The comedy of "Rural Felicity appears likely to become as popular with the visitors to the Haymarket Theatre as the Child of the Regiment." Both pieces were presented last night, when the performances were under the patronage of His Excellency Sir Charles Darling, who was present, accompanied by Lady and Miss Darling. The former play affords excellent scope for the musical abilities of Lady Don and the Misses Howson, and also brings out Mr. Hoskins in a character full of dry humour-Simon Sly. The boulia evidently greatly enjoyed the comedy, and the principal actors in it received very genial applause. A novelty exhibited In the course of the evening consisted of a programme beautifully printed on satin. A most attractive bill of fare is offered for this even- in the comedietta of "Founded on Facts," Henry Byron's burlesque of "Orpheus and Eurydice," and " Katharine and Petruchio." 