KXdUSTU RHJKKiN EXTRACTS In explanation, oiii- 11 i-zuiucs! of tlm statement that the Government have placed the " broad arrow" on the two suspected steam ranis in the Mersey, the 1 I hated Service Magazine' has t bo billowing: — " The h->\v and the arrow were so nationalised in the affections of the English hv contributing to their safety ami ministering to their pleasures, that these weapons insensibly be came emblems of the power and sovereignty of the king, who was the legitimate representative of the might and majesty of the people. What then more natural than that the emblem of a nation's power and sovereignty should be used to identify ihe property of that nation ? and this, we believe, was the reason, combined with its simplicity of form, why the ! broad arrow'! was selected, in preference to other symbols, for the .marking of cur national property.1' The following romantic, story is taken from the Liverpool Mercury: — Upwards of thirty years ago a marriage took place in this neighbourhood, the man and wife being in lutmhlc circumstances. After living together till after the birth of a child, the husband went to Australia to seek his for tune, His wife never heard from him after he left her, and supposing he was dead, on the lapse of seven years she married a widower with three children. To this number in her second nianied life she added five, making her whole family, in cluding the child by her first husband, nine in all. Some time since the second husband died, and she was -left to struggle with her largo family. To her great, surprise, nt the beginning of the present year, her first, husband made his nppcuraucc at J.ivorpool. Paring Ids thirty years' absence he hail prospered in Australia, ami was a large landed proprietor there. He had heard of his wife's second marriage, hut as the fault was his lie never thought of returning to England until he heard of the death of the second husband. To make amends for his former neglect, of his wife — for notwithstanding her second marriage she was still his wife — he behaved in the most handsome manner to all her children, gave them costly out fits, and lias taken them and the wife of his early affections out with him to the land of his adop tion. The wife, who has thus, after an absence of more than thirty years, been restored to her position, is now about seventy years of age ; and so recent is. their departure from this port that 'the vessel in which they sailed is not yet out of the channel. A practical joke, which is variously commented mi both in Ireland and in England, lately beful Lord Carlisle, the lord-lieutenant of the country, in a recent drive through the wilds of Connemava. He was 011 his way from the fair of Ballinsloe and had intended in a ride through Galwny to take t!m steamer upon Lough Corrib. Pefore reaching Gahvny he had proposed to put up for a night at a small wayside in at Maam, held hv a tenant of the Marl of Lcilrim. The earl was liredatsoine time ago and complained vehemently that the Government had not properly exerted themselves l"i' the protection -.of life in that quarter. Ac cordingly, the noble lord, hearing of the viceregal route, hurried off to Galwny, and thence sent a special messenger in all haste to the hotelkeeper at. Maam with Ihe following missive : — "Galwny, October f), 1833. — King, — I will he. obliged to you to fill the hotel with ray tenants forthwith. Let every room ho occupied immediately, and continue to be occupied, and when so occupied, you will refuse admittance to Lord Carlisle and his party. If there should be the slightest diffi culty ns to filling the hotel, or the occupation of tins rooms, my desire is that you will till eaeli room with the workmen; Imt yen must not admit Lord Carlisle, and consequently the rooms should lie occupied previous to his coining there, any orders you may have received notwithstanding. I rely 011 your observing my wishes to the letter. — Yours faithfully, Lcitrim. I'.S. — I will pay fir the tenants using the rooms." I'.eforu this reached its destination King had been informed that the Lord-Lieutenant was to return that way, and to put up nt his house for the night. Hut the man date was inexorable, and if the Queen herself, in- sle'd of her representative, had presented herself at his doors, she would 110 doubt have been turned away had Lord Lcilrim so willed it. Nothing could be more complete than the ruse", and we are told that a crowd had collected at Maam to wit ness the discomfiture of the Lord-Lieutenant ; but this part of t'm sport was spoilt by the vigilance of a sub-iuspectur of police. Hearing of the trap that had been' set, this ollicer apprised the viceregal party as they were on the road. The Irish drivers proved equal to the emergency, and declared their readiness to drive on to Cong, and to Cong they accordingly went at a rattling pace, without stopping at the. hotel which was thus barred against their ingress. The Earl of Lcilrim, who has thus achieved such' unenviable notoriety, has been deprived of the commission of the peace. He was a magistrate for the counties of Galwny, Lcitrim, and Donegal. Few will deny that the penalty is well merited. . 'The Marquis of Clanricarde lias addressed a letter to the press, magistrates, and landowners of the county of Gahvay on the subject of the late insult offered to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland by the Earl of Lcitrim. His lordship calls upon them for n public expression of their reprobation of the insult offered to the I.'.arl of Carlisle. I he gen tlemen of Galway have been very prompt and decisive in their reply. "They state that it is "the earnest desire uf a vast majority ol all classes to show the Queen's representative upon every occasion the consideration and courtesy due to his high olliee." The movement in favour of an exhibition of Irish manufactures, in connection with the Royal 1 hibliu Society, progresses favourably. A manag ing committee has been formed, the chairman of which, Mr. Andrew Bagot, and the honorary secretary, Mr. Walker, have been visiting a num ber of towns in the north and south, with a view o( exciting an interest in the subject and securing the co- operation of the provincial manufacturers. At a meeting which was held at Carrick-on-Suir it was stated by Mr. Ilugot that the flax grown this year in Ulster, when scutched, would be worth nearly ,£4,000,000 —the population being only 2,000,000 — while the other provinces, with double the population, produce ll.tx worth only a quarter of a million. Sentence or Death ox the Tit ess tax I'kime Mixister. — The North German Allyeimine Zeiluny says that M. Bismark has received a very interesting document — a sentence of death passed on him by the Revolutionary Committee. It arrived by post, and bore the post mark of Barcelona, and the date October 17. O11 the left of the envelope is a death's head, and underneath is a black seal with initials, which cannot be deciphered. The writing is in the French language, and runs us follows " To his Excellency the President of the Ministers, M. Bismark-Schohhuuscn, Berlin. Tlfc undersigned committee of the Revolutionary Propaganda have arraigned you before the tribunal. It has unani mously sentenced you to death, and fixed the first week in next month for the execution of this sen tence. It is useless to attempt to avoid your fat 0, as the hand of vengeance will know how to reach yen even at the altar. The committee do not consider it to lie necessary to inform you of the motive which has induced it to lake this step ; you will find it in your conscience. The Chief of tlio Committee. M.A.T. (Mort atix traitress), the Secretary, Krosiuski Morelli." Balloon Ascent Extraordinary. — The as cent of Nadar's " Giant " balloon 011 the evening of the 4th October, from the Glmmp do Mais, Paris, attracted crowds to the spot. Every precaution had been taken to prevent dis asters, a strong police force, supported by a com pany of infantry mid cavalry, being present to maintain order. The balloon, which is ninety yards in circumference, and bus consumed up wards of 20,000 yards of silk in its manufacture, was held down while filling by about 100 men and the weight of at least 200 sand bags. A communication was received 011 the 4 th October, signed by all the persons who had taken places in the balloon, stating that on alighting at nine o'clock at Barcy, near Mcaux (Seiiio-ct-Marne), three smart shocks. were felt, which laid the effect of capsizing the balloon, and indicting on its oc cupants some severe contusions. The result of M. Nadar's aeronautics lias not boon so successful as people were led to expect, for the balloon has again come to grief. After again ascending on the evening of IStli October, and voyaging over Belgium and across the Rhino, it came to the ground near Nienhtirg, in Hanover, dragged its anchors, dislocated both the legs of M. Nadar. bruised his wife, broke M. St. Felix's arm, and did sundry other damage, until Jules Godard, by 11 stroke of daring, drove a hatchet through tlio balloon and let out the gas. The sanation of the aerial travellers is described as having been very perilous, as anchors were repeatedly thrown out, hut they either did not hold or the ropes gave way, and I lie strong .wind prevented the assist ance offered by the country people from being available. M. Eugene Arnault, one of the pas sengers in M. Nadar's balloon, writes as follows to the Paris Nation ; — " Hanover, Tuesday, 20tli October. My dear Editor, — Y'ou saw 11s leave the Champ do Mars on Sunday. Y'ou were a witness of the majestic ascent of the Geiint, rising into the air amidst the applause of the crowd. They cried to lis from below, ' Ron Voyage.' Alas! . . . At nine o'clock at night we wore at Lrquelines ; we passed over Malines, and towards midnight we were in Holland. We rose up very high, hut it was necessary to come down to see where wo were. Ignorant of that, our position was a critical one. Below, ns far as we could see, were marshes, and in the distance we could hear the roar of the sea. We threw out ballast, and mounting again soon lost sight of I lie earth. What a night ! Nobody slept) as you may suppose, for the idea of falling into the sea had nothing pleasant about it, audit was necessary to keep a look-out in order to effect, if necessary, a descent. My compass showed that we were going to the east ; that is to say, towards Ger many. In the morning, after a frugal breakfast made in Ihe clouds, we re descended. An im mense plain was beneath us ; the villages ap peared to us like children's toys — rivers seemed like liltle rivulets— it was magical. The sun shono splendidly over all. Towards eight o'clock we arrived at a great lake : there 1 found out our hearings, and announced that we were at the end of Holland, near the sea. We wore compelled to think of landing in order to take in a'.ittle Ballast. Unhappily the heavens had made us forget the earth, over which blew a wind so violent that in a few minutes our anchors, enormous fulcriiins of iron, were broken. The valve was shut, and tlio balloon, which could carry usuo longer, begun a giddy career. We rose from twenty to thirty metres, and fell with incredible force. Little by little the balloon censed to rise, and the car fell upon its side. 'J I1011 began a furious disordered race ; all disappeared before us — trees, thickets, walls, all broken or burst through by the shock ; it was frightful. Sometimes it was a lake, in which we plunged ; n bog, the thick mud of which entered our mouths and eyes. It was maddening. ' Stop, stop !' we shouted, enraged with the monster who was dragging us along. A railway was before us — a train passing ; it stopped at our cries, but we carried away the telegraphic post and wires. An instant afterwards we perceived in the distance a red house. I see it now. 'The wind bore lis straight for this house. It was death for all, for we should be dashed to pieces. No one spoke. Strange to say, that of those nine persons — one of whom was a lady — who were clinging to a slender screen of ozier, for whom every second seemed counted, not 011c had any fear.. All tongues were mute ; all faces were calm. Nadar held his wife, covering her with his body. l'oor woman ! Every shock seemed to break her to pieces. Jules Goddard then tried and accomplished a sublime net of heroism. He clambered up into the netting, the shocks of which were so terrible that throe times he fell 011 my head. At length lie reached the cord of the valve, opened it, and the gas having a way of escape, the monster ceased to rise, hut still it shot along in a horizontal line with prodigious rapidity. There were we squat ting down upon the fruil ozier car. ' Take care ' wo cried, when a tree was in the way ; we turned from it, and the tree was broken ; but the balloon was. discharging its gas, and if the immense plain we were crossing laid yet u few leagues, we were saved. But suddenly a forest appeared in the horison ; we must leap out at whatever risk, for the car would he dashed to pieces at the first col lision with those trees. I got down into the car, and raising myself I know not how — for I suffered from a wound in my knee — my trousers were torn ; 1 jumped, and made 1 kuow not how many revolutions, and fell upon my head. After a minute's dizziness I rose. The car was then . far off. By the aid of a stick I dragged myself to the forest, and having gone a few steps I heard some groans. St. Felix was stretched 011 the ground frightfully ' disfigured — his body was one wound. He had an arm broken, the chest torn, and an ancle dislocated. The car had disappeared. After crossing a river I heard a cry. Nadar was stretched on the ground with a dislocated thigh ; his wife fell into tlio river. Another companion was shattered ; we occupied oursels'cs with St. Felix, and Nadar, and his wife. In trying to as sist the latter I was nearly drowned, for I fell into the water and sank. They picked me up again, ami 1 found the hath had done me good. By the assistance of the inhabitants the sulvngu was got together. Vehicles were brought ; they placed us upon straw. My knees bled ; my head and loins seemed to be like mincemeat, but I did not lose my presence of mind an instant, and for a second I felt humiliated at looking from the truss of straw at those clouds, which in the night I had under my feet. It was in this way we reached Rutliem, in Ilanover. In seventeen hours we had made nearly 250 leagues. Our course infer nalc hud covered a space of nearly three leagues. Now that is over I have some sliudJcrings. It does not signify ; we have made a good journey, and 1 marvel to see with what indifference we may regard the most fuightful death ; for, besides the prospect of being dashed about 011 our way, we had that of gaining the sea, and how lung should we have lived then ? I am glad to have seen this — happier yet at having to narrate it to you. .These Germans who surround us are brave people, and we have been ns well cared for us the resources of the little spot will allow." A Smoking Princess.— At a ball recently given at Baden, by Madame dc Bohague, Princess M011- scliikoff, who regularly smokes half a-dozen ciga rettes in the course of tlm evening, was just about to place the perfumed paper to her lips, when the hostess prevented her proceeding further by warn ing her Excellency that the King of Holland, who was present, had a decided objection to the smoke of cigars. " But this is only 11 cigarette," replied the Princess sharply, " and besides, no man 011 earth, oven a king, lias a right to object to the good w ill and pleasure of a lady." There upon, heedless of the annoyance of the good hostess, the princess put up her lips and puffed away. In an instant the king detected the ob noxious vapour. The whole company behold tlio sudden colour in his cheek us he listened to the whispered ohscrva'ion liy Madame Bohague, and few there were who did not sympathise with the indignation which had caused it. The king, by tin by, hud disappeared from the room, giving his ami to the kind hostess. In another moment lie was followed by the greater portion of the com pany, consisting of French, German, English, and Dalian guests; none remained hut the Russians and a few Danish dancers. Princess Menschikoff herself was among the last to leave, and it was not till ifext day that it became known that a second band had boon sent for at a late hour, and that another set of dancers had been enjoying themselves in another saloon. The result has been a total division of society — the king of Hol land strictly refusing to meet Princess Metischi- ki-tf in private society, and the persistence of the latter in driving his Majesty from every place of public amusement by meaus of her cigarette. — Court Journal. A Smoking Presrvteiuan Synod. — A cor- I respondent of the London Weekly Review, in a J notice of the recent meeting of the Reformed Scs- 1 sion Synod 0/ Holland, says: — "The picture | which we witnessed on our reception in the Synod was something which, I am sure, could not bo seen out of Holland. All that was external was as different as can bo imagined from what you have seen in the meetings of Assembly or Synod at the head of the Mound, or in Queen-street Hall, Edinburgh. As we entered the place of worship in which we had preached the levelling before, fumes of smoke darkened the air. A long table stretched across the place where tlm women hud sat, which was lined 011 either side by ministers and elders, while at the head of this wis a transverse table, at which s.it the Modera tor, tiio professors, and other official men. Every man was smoking, or preparing to smoke. The Moderator held a pipe in one hand ami a wooden hammer, with which to call attention, in the i other. The clerk wrote and puffed too, while on \ tlm talde, from one extremity to the other, boxes , of lucifor mutches, plates of tobacco, ink bottles, i paper, pens, books, &e.;, wore mingled in most ad- i miriihlc confusion, a corps dc reserve of long pipes | being fixed in an ingenuously-constructed wooden 1 frame, lest the business of the Synod should come ; to u pause through want of the usual solatium. j The audience stood 011 either side smoking, with | a look of placid dreamy attention. My fellow- I deputy anil myself were offered a long pipe, and ' nil the other facilities for smoking, a mark of brotherly welcome which we declined, ns we fell that we had abundance of smoke without it." The correspondent goes on to state that, despite the smoking, the proceedings were carried 011 in a most. business-like manner. A Fixe Famii.y. — A German, named Heodich, residing five miles west of La Crescent, was mar ried at l'ortage, in November, lSliO, to a healthy German girl. The week after they married they moved to Minnesota, 011 the farm which they now occupy. In August, 1SG1, Mrs. Heodich gave birth to three boys, two of whom lived. In June, 1802, she gave birth to three boys and 11 girl ; two of the boys and the girl are living. On tlio full of this month she gave birth to two girls and a boy, all of whom were, as late as Tuesday of this week, alive and well. Ten children in less than three years is pretty good, even for this vicinity. The parents are proud of their success in the family lino, and point with pleasure to their company of German infantry. Government cannot a ll'ord to driift the head of that family. — American paper. Extraordinary Charge. — At the Ashbourn (Derbyshire) petty sessions, on Saturday last, Mr. James Clifford, of Sliurdlow, was charged with having, in and about the year 1804, at the parish church of Longford, feloniously stolen a leaf from the parish "register, containing thereon the entry of the baptism of William, son of Mary Tatlow, of Bentley, dated 8th November, 1727. Mr. Clifford is a gentleman of independent means, having, along with others, become possessed of a large fortune, amounting to .£40,000. The enso, from its extraordinary nature, excited groat in terest. James Lipscomb, parish clerk of Long ford, said : I produce the register- book of births, deaths, and baptisms for the parish of Longford. The entries in it are from 153S to 1812. There is a leaf extracted from it containing a register of baptisms from 172-1 to 1729. Mr. Quarles here put in a duplicate cony of the Langf.ird registry. obtained from the court at Lichfield. In it was the entry of the baptism of William, son of Mary Tut low, on 8th November, 1727. When the Archdeacon of Darby made his visitation, dupli cates of all registers were handed to him, and thus they were enabled to obtain a copy of the original that was stolen from Longford church. William Ewart, of Derby, out of business, said : I knew the late Mr. Thomas Sutton, of Shardlow, and have seen liiiu write his name". The certifi cate produced is 111 the hand-writing of Thomas Sutton. 1 saw him sign it. 1 was the attesting witness. I loged. with him at the time. The certificate ran as follows — " I hereby certify that James Clifford, at the request of my brother, James Sutton, of Shardlow, Derbyshire, did, about or in the year 1805, search the registry of Long ford, Derby, for the baptism of my late uncle, W. Tatlow, which he found there duly registered, and in my presence extracted the leaf containing the snme from the book. After obtaining this document he, in company with the late James Minton, of Shardlow, conveyed it to my late brother in London, making claim for the parties interested to the property left unto them by Win. Tatlow. Witness my hand, this 19th day of August, 1S37. Thomas Sutton. Witness of the signature of Thomas Sutton, Win. Ewart." John Brassington said : In 181G I was eighteen years of age. I knew Elizabeth Swindell ; she was daughter of Thomas and Mary Swindell. In 1S1G I accompanied Elizabeth Swindell to James Sutton's, Broughton-liouso, Shardlow. We were shown into the hall. There was a mail coach at the door. Mr. Clifford aud Mrs. Sutton were there. I said to Clifford, " Are you Mr. Clif ford ?" He replied, " I am." I said, " Y'ou are the man who went to Longford . Cliurth to obtain the register of William Tatlow, which register you aud Mr. Minton took to London next day,. in order that Mr. Sutton might prove his relation ship." My remark caused great consternation to Mr. Clifford, and he sank down in a chair, and Mrs. Sutton was so alarmed tlint she did not speak for a minute or two. Thomas Brown said: 1 am a Iwbbin-iielter. I live at Derby. In 1815 I went to Shardlow along with Mr. Gaskin and Mr. Hill. We went to Mr. Sutton's, Sliurdlow- hall, and afterwards culled at Mr. Clifford's, Broughton-hnusc. I asked Mr. Clifford whether lie went with Mr. Sutton to' find William Tatloiv's register. He answered, " We went to Cubley, but. I could not find it." 1 said, " You are the gentleman who cut the leaf out?" He replied it was a trick of youth, and asked us to have some thing to drink. Mr. Clifford also added that Mr. Sutton, of Sliarlow-hall, was a nice gentleman ; that he hud done a deal of good in the village ; had given the grou ol for the church ; and had also got up a bazaar for the church clock. Tlm Hon. E. Coke : What Mr. Sutton do you refer to? Witness: The present Mr. James-Sutton, Shard- low-hall. William Gaskin. coal agent, Helper, corroborated last witness. Heard Brown say to Clifford, " You are the gentleman that cut the leaf out of the register," to which lie replied, "If I did it was only a trick of youth." Anthony Stone: I live at Derby. I saw Mr. Cliffoid at Shardlow about a|year ago. Thomas Brown was with me, ami said to Mr. Clifford, " Mr. Clifford, did von not go to Longford to cut a leaf out of the book? lie replied, "No, I did not; I only went to Cubley." Mr. Brown then said, " Y'ou went forward to Longford." Mr. Clifford made 110 reply, and walked into his office Mr. Bri- stinve made an able defence to the. bench. The bench committed the defendants l'-r trial, agree ing to accept bail— Mr. Clifford ii .£500, aud two sureties in £250 each. The decision caused the greatest excitement in court. The hail was entered into, and the witnesses bound over to prosecute. — Jixprcss, October 20. Curiosities op the Census. — Much has been said respecting occupations open to women. The census has its disclosures upon that subject. The enumerators found in 18G1 among the women of England 10 bunkers, 7 money-lenders, 27-1 com mercial clerks, 25 commercial travellers, 51 brokers, 08 merchants, 29 farriers, 419 printers, 3 shepherds, <13,904 out-door agricultural la bourers ; 13 ladies were doctors, 2 were hone- setters, G were reporters or shorthand writers, 3 parish clerks, 4 choristers, 4 teachers of elocution, 17 dentists, 2 knackers, 4 conjurors, 1 astro nomer, S " naturalists." S mm of the other sex gave rather curious descriptions of themselves. 15 called themselves natural philosophers, one described himself as a lexicographer, another as a cliromdogist, and one wrotehimself down 'orator.'" Of others we have rather mysterious accounts. 3 wore glyphographcrs, 2 geometers, 9 kamptuli- con manufacturers, 8 trulllers, 33 bout loggers, 15 peel makers, 29 nitingo merchants, 12 beetle makers. It is a novelty in 'an English census volume to find 42 gold miners ; and a wonder to learn that Llfere still linger 2 toothpick milkers. Among persons blind from their birth were found 4 town- criers, 3, ministers, and a scripture reader, a schoolmistress, .2 messengers or porters, 7 shoe makers, a tailor, 10 agricultural labourers, 3 laundresses, and 3 dressmakers. I11 the work house were a half-pay officer, a clergyman, 10 solicitors, 15 surgeons, an author, 03 school masters, and 79 schoolmistresses. Not merely poor, but in prison for debt, were 12 officers in the army, 3 in the navy, 9 clergymen or minis ters, 4 b misters, 32 solicitors, 2 physicians, 13 surgeons, 2 authors, 17 schoolmasters, 2 school mistresses, 10 " gentlemen." Still worse off, in lunatic asylums, there were S5 clergymen, 10 ministers, 103 half-pay officers, 22 barristers, GO solicitors, 5 physicians, (U surgeons, 3 authors, 54 schoolmasters, and 80 schoolmistresses. — Times. Russian YVorks on the Black Sea. — A letter from Constantinople, addressed by a traveller, named Milinieff, to the Proyris of Lyons, contains the following information respecting the proceedings of Russia in the Black Sea : — " I have just arrived from Kertch, which L left 011 the 3rd iust., and hasten to give you some particulars of what is now passing in that part of Russia. The Government is constructing defensive works on all the more important points of the coasts of the Crimea, in preparation for a war with the Western Powers, should such a misfortune take place. The Sea of Azoff, the navigation of which is so difficult, owing to its numerous sandbanks and the quantity of ballast discharged into it by merchant vessels during the last fifteen years, will shortly be completely closed by blocking up the entrance to the channel. At Kertch, Berdianski, and Taganrog the Tartars are employed for that pur pose. The Government has taken advantage of the passage of several thousands of these Mussul mans, who last spring obtained permission to settle in Turkey, to detain tliem as prisoners and subject them to forced labour. The authorities have announced to the population of these eoun tries that war had been declared, and that they must hold themselves in readiness to march against the enemy. Foreigners, who are rather numerous at Kertch, Yeiiikale, and other places on the Sea of Azoff, have been ordered to leas-e the country in a month. Several peaceable Greek merchants, who have long resided at Kertch, have recently been subjected to great annoyance by the authorities. They were arrested, and had to pay large sums to obtain their release, which was only granted on condition that they should leave the country in twenty-four hours. I myself was eight days before I could obtain permission to embark, and had to appear a dozen times at least la-fore the head of the police and the Governor of Kertch. Every time I left their office my passport received a fresh visa, for which I had to pay three roubles (12f.), and if I hail . not been personally recom mended to the chief of the police, it is proLable that I should have suffered much greater annoy ance. I conclude with stating that the popula tions in the south of Russia live in a state of continual alarm." The "Bread Basket" of America. — The special correspondent of the Times in the Western States gives the following account of the Y'alley of the Mississippi, destined to become the greatest grain-producing region in the world : — The valley of the Mississippi is a great break-basket, and so long as man lives by bread it will have a great ascendancy over the destinies, not merely of this continent, but .the world at large. The Ameri cans are very fond of pointing to their " glorious institutions," or else to their stirring, thrifty, mettlesome race, for the rapid growth of their communities, and the rise of their colossal power. The fact is, however, there are here material ad vantages sufficient to account fur any phenomenon of great and sudden social increase. The wealth and prosperity are of nature's own making, and the Anglo-Saxon tribe has achieved here no greater prodigies than such as, under the same circumstances, would be exhibited by any other human family. In the early part of the present century this central region of the American con tinent was hardly explored, yet the rich soil of the western divisions of the Atlantic States, and the as yet unsettled territories of Ohio, Kentucky, „ni_|n||1 ! M| r | and lYnuossce, hell nut the strongest inducement to immigrant enterprise ; and the West — the far West — was l inked upon us the common refuge, 110 less than the common storehouse, of mankind. Those territories became States, new ones were added, the great West recoiled further and further' sl.ill, till Ihe whole of tlio great valley wa3, if not actually colonised, at least nutted out aud appor tioned into various lots, to which the world was freely invited to help itself. Ohio, Tennessee, and Kentucky are now old settlements ; indued, the inhabitants of the hitter state are never so' happy as when they can designate their country us " Old Kent tick." Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Imvc sprung up within a score of years, and count their people by millions. The new fledglings arc now Iuwa, Wisconsin, Minesota ; then will come the turn of Kansas, Nebraska, Dacotah ; not to push our observations beyond our limits, and to say nothing of the regions lying to the west of the Rocky Mountains. The valley of the Mis sissippi. with all its tributaries, make up an area of 1,210,000 square miles. A H of it is not Eden, certainly; but there is no doubt as to the healt.lt urn! wealth, the vastnoss and inex'-austibb 11 -ss, of these north-western districts. " Tne soil on the river bottoms of Illinois is often twenty-five or thirty feet deep, and the upper prairie districts arc hardly less productive. Forty bushels of wheat or 100 bushels of Indian corn to the acre is a common product here." In West Virginia, Kentucky, Ohio, or Tennessee the colonist was at least at the trouble to clear the ground, and wage war to the all- oiioiiiiihriug forest; but in these more western districts man's work has been most carefully and providently done by nature. "These prairies," says a writer whose words I would not quote if I could substitute anything more graphic mid impressive : — " These boundless prairies seem as if they had been cleared by the patient labour of another nice of men, removing all the forests, and slumps, and brambles, and smoothing them down us with mighty rollers, and sowing them with grass aud (lowers: a race which then passed away, having built 110 houses of their own, and made no fences, and set out no tress, and estab lished 110 landmarks, to lay the foundation of any future claim. You ascend tlm Mississippi amid scenery unsurpassed in beauty probably in the world. Y'ou see the waters making their way along an interval of from two to four miles in width between bluffs of 100 to 500 feet in height. ! Now the river makes its way along the eastern 1 range of blurts', and now the western, and now in the centre, and now it divides itself into numer ous channels, forming thousands of beautiful ' islands, covered with long grass ready for the scythe of the mower. Those hlull's, rounded with taste and skill, such as could be imitated by no art of mail, and set out with trees here and there gracefully arranged like orchards, seem to have been sown with grain to the summit, and are clothed with beautiful green. Y'ou look out in stinctively for the house and barn, for (Kicks and herds, for men and women and children ; but.they are not there. A race that is gone seems to have cultivated these fields, and then to have silently disappeared, leaving them for the first man that should come from (the older parts of our own country, or from foreign lauds, to take possession of them. It is only by a process of reflection you are convinced that it. is not so.. Rut it is not the work of man. H is God who has done it, when there was 110 mail there save the wandering savage, alike ignorant ami unconcerned as to the design of the great processes in the land where he roamed. God 'who did all this, that lie. might prepare it for the abode of a civilised and Christian people." It is not merely us a pretty picture that I have laid the above striking extract before the reader. It. is became it bears me out in my conviction that American progress is mainly owing to material causes. Talk about the activity of the American branch of the Anglo Saxon race ! why, the invading tide comes in just now us strong from Germany and Scandinavia as front the States themselves. It is Providence has laid out these magnificent regions for the whole of mankind, ami it is very questionable whether democratic or any other institutions ever did or ever will rather help than retard the spontaneous work of colonisation. The Atlantic States are to the great West merely in the light offetcliersnud carriers. Those who have in their hands the bread -basket are entitled to the choice of the means by which its contents shall spread through the world. 1 have had occasion to say before this that the main natural outlets for tlio agricul tural wealth of the West are three — the Missis sippi at the south, the three great lakes, aud the St. Lawrence in the north, and the railway ami canal lines through New York State down to the Hudson river in the east. A Bachelor's Reverie. — Fifty to-day ! Fifty ; little chance now of tny having a wife, ami u house full of ' little responsibilities," as Fanny Wright calls them. Ilcigho! I'm getting to be — 110, nut a " middle-aged gentleman," for I've been that, at any time the last ten years; no, I'm a gentleman declining in years, and may advertise for a housekeeper without giving n handle to scandal to make free with my character. Twenty- live years ago, and I should have affronted the man who foretold this ; that I should he sitting this day in an ariii-clmir, newspaper in hand, breakfast before me, one foot 011 a eushion, and only one cup and two eggs 011 the table. News papers are stupid things ; I'd much rather chat over my morning meal. YVIiy the deuce am I not married? Nobody makes tea fit to drink now ; and the toast never conies up to me hot. "What capital tea Lucy Smith used to make. Poor Lucy, 1 wonder what made me think of her ! People said Lucy and I would certiiiiily make a match ; and so wo should, I suspect, if it hadn't been lor that cursed cousin of hers. I'm sure she would have married mo, if I had asked her; hut I kept putting it off, day after day, and he — cut me out, and be hanged to him. I was a young gentleman then, and thought I could marry whenever I liked. Tliey went away to the west, and got rich ; he's a member of Congress, and she has grown fat, and rides about in her carriage with two or three grown-up daughters ; pretty girls, too, as I'm told, hut they'll never he like their mother. I've a ribbon of hers, that she used to wear round her slender waist, and I bribed lier little brother to steal it for me, with the loan of my fowling piece ; and sometimes, when it rains, and I feel sentimental, I tako it out of my writing- desk and look at it awhile, and think I'll throw it into the lire— but I don't though, and there it is yet in the secret drawer with my mother's picture, and the last lock of my own hair. They make capital wigs now, liy the way ; nobody seems to suspect that my curls are not the natural crop. Lucy used to say that my hair was beautiful, and I'm almost certain she cut oil a lock once when I was asleep 011 the sofa. I won lcr whether she 1ms lost any of her splendid teeth ; mine have stood it out pretty well, but they're going. lVlmy said hers would last a long time, and ho ought to know. 1 must go, to him, and get liiin to make .me a couple of new teeth. YYhat shall I do with myself to-day.? I have given up business, and' made money enough to last me my time. I'vp no oue to leave it to whom 1. 111 gone. Where's the use of going on milling dollar to dollar, ami acre to acre, unless one lias children to set up? Nino marriages in the paper to-day. Nine husbands and nine wives created since yesterJay morning. I dare say tliey II all have young sprouts, say four apiece 011 the average ; that's thirty-six little mouths to he stuffed with bread and butter, and seventy-two little feet to buy shoes for, and two hundred and eighty-eight little fingers to wash and keep clean ; N.i fool of a job that for tlm nine papas and mam as. I was always remarkably fond of children. There's a newly- married couple moved into the house over the way, 011 purpose to plague mo, I do believe. They seem to lie very fond of euclt other, and dreadfully happy. There's a gig comes to the door, and he hands his wife into it so cure- fully, and she smiles nt him so brightly as they drive off, that I'm almost tempted to wish tliey might break their necks before tliey come back. Tint's a nice-looking girl that lias come to stay with them during the huney-mooir ; she is the bride's sister, or something, I dare say ; the pret tiest foot and the most, roguish eye I've ever seen — except Lucy Smith's. 1 wonder if she's en gaged to bo married ; I don't see any very suspi- ciius men enne to the door, an 1 . But what the deuie is it to me whether she is or not? I'm an old bachelor, and must go down to the grave without leaving tiny one to cry for 1110. I should like, though, to see the girl nearer; it is easy enough to get introduced into the house, and though I'm too old to marry, there's 110 reason tluit I know of why an old lellow like 1110 should not do the polite thing to a new-comer into the neighbourhood. I've a new coat coming homo that, my artist says, will make 1110 look fifteen years younger— rather impertinent by the way. And I'm not so amazingly old after all. When I sat down to breakfast 1 felt rather bluish, and thought myself quite a Methuselah. Pelt ! no . such tiling. I can walk as briskly as ever — almost — I can ride, sing, dan — , 110, I'd better leave out the dancing ; but what of that ? I'm a good-looking, middle-aged man, tired of living alone, and, hang tne, but I'll make one more try for the ring, if J. die for it. There's a pretty girl over the way, and I'll send over <>h'<i 4cte if grapes with tny coiih»,! <-> Journal. -r.iuo'stood about . i ..wu between live and six ft 0 -..e nush from the police station. It . terable hole of n place, tlio very tvpc of itoo settlor's cabin, being of 'bark and y much dilapidated. There lias been a JHR of talk about the burning down of this 5 tlio whole matter lias been very much .nBr) and misrepresented. I need not'sny that itrnyed under distinct and positive orders. Hj) Roberts, who was entrusted with the di.s- B&X; duty, gave old O'.Maloy notice to quit a mfti es at least, and on the hist occasion gave 'jw ok to clear out. When the week expired -JB ad been done towards removing, so t ho fag and his men told OWlnley what tliey t|H ig to do, and advised 1 1 i 1 11 to remove lii's »- 'his he and his family set about doing, and nj sted by the police, and afterwards, in re- flBfl this help, O'.Maley set iiis children to K ttlinr houghs for the police, with which to IfPti the place. I met v. itli the old man on tlm Mind a long yarn with liim anont, this 1;?® iing-out nnd other matters ; and in reply estion— whether he had any ground of 'Ggjr \- against Inspector Roberts P lie said, not at all. Mr. Roberts is every inch a ItSE 3;" lie said this, too, after I had in- 4)1 dm of my connection with tlio Herald. PB ,s, tlio old man was only ton glad to get iiflioulty. Although in possession of the RBM "aiming part of tlio ruin, his tenure was 'y ."irii'l'.ii.Urlit to.iY .beiy.g .".'nii:lvl .l-O 0 1) o IJi tto (socondsTTpor ton ... . 20 0 0 0 0 o Bran, per bushel 0 1 li 0 0 0 Maize, per bushel 0 5 0 0 0 0 Barley, per bushel 0 0 0 0 0 0 (hits, per bushel 0 0 0 0 0 0 Hay, per too 0 10 0 4 10 O Butler (fresh), per lb O 0 S 0 0!) Ditto (salt), per lb 0 0 0 0 0 0 Uheese. per lb 0 0 5 0 0 OA Bacon, per lb 0 0 5 0 0 0 i'olatoes, per cwt 0 4 0 0 0 0 liuititANuoxo, Deck.miieii 20. flour, per ton £20 0 0 to £2:1 0 0 Bran, per hnshel 0 1 3 0 0 0 | Oats, per bushel 0 9 0 0 0 0 Corn, per bushel 0 0 0 0 0 0 llav, per ton 9 0 0 10 0 O Butter, pet lb O I 0 0 1 (I Uheese, per lb 0 0 8 0 0 0 Bac 111, pel lb 0,0 0 0 0 0 Potatoes, per civt 0 10 0 0 12 O O. lions, per lb 0 0 3 0 0 4 BuitaowA, DecKmiieii 24. fine flour, per ton £22 0 0 0 0 0 Seconds, ditto, per ditto, .. . 20 0 0 0 0 0 Bran, per bushel, doll 0 2 0 0 0 O Wheat, per bushel 0 7 3 0 7 (i Oats, per bushel 0 7 G 0 0 (I Cheese, per lb , plenty .... 0 0 0 0 O (ij Butter, fresh, per lb 0 10 0 13 Bacon, pur lb., plenty .... 0 0 7 0 0 0 I'otatoes, sound . . 0 9 0 0 0 O Maize, 0 G 0 0 0 0 IillAIDWOOl), DECEHnER 25. flour (fine), per too £20 0 0 to £9 0 0 Ditto (seconds), pur ton .... 18 0 0 0 0 0 Wbeut, per bushel 0 7 0 0 7 9 Bran, per hu-liel 0 1 9 0 2 0 Maize, per bushel 0 0 0 0 G li Barley, per bushel 0 10 0 0 0 0 Oats, per bushel 0 8 0 O 9 0 I'otatoes, per cwt.-. 0 G G 0 7 0 Hay (oaten), per Ion ...... 7 0 0 8 0 0 Butter, per lb. 0 0 0 0 1 li Clioeso, per lb 0 0 8 0 0 9 Bacon, pur lb. 0 0 0 0 0 7 Queanreyan, Deoemiier 20. Wheat, per bushel £0 G G to £0 7 0 flour, per ton \ 20 0 0 21 0 0 Bran, per bushel 0 1 G 0 0 0 Maize, p;r bushel 0 5 0 0 0 0 Bailey, per bushel 0 5 0. 0 0 0 Oats, pur bushel 0 G 0 0 0 G Hay, per ton G 0 0 7 0 0 Butter, par lb 0 1 0 0 1 3 Cbeuso. pur lb o 0 0 0 0 7 Bacon, per lb 0 0 6 0 0 7 I'otatoes, per cwt 0 4 0 0 5 0 Tuiuut, DECEJinrni 2G. Wheat, per bushel £0 7 G to £0 0 0 Oat-, per bushel O 0 0 0 0 0 Maize 0 4 0 0 0 0 Barley, per bushel 0 0 0 0 0 0 Bran, pur bushel 0 1 3 0 0 0 Potatoes, per owt O 0 0 0 0 0 flour (tine), per ton 20 0 0 0 0 0 Ditto (seconds) per toa .... 18 0 0 0 0 0 Hay, per ton 5 0 0 5 10 0 B.itiiuiist, Deckmuer 25. Flour, per ton £22 0 0 to £2-1 0 0 Bran, por 100 lbs 0 6.0 0 7 0 Wheat, per bushel 09 G 0 10 0 Oats, pur ditto 0 G 0 -070 Barley, per ditto 0 7 0 0 0 0 .Maize, pur ditto 0 4 O 0 4 G Hay. pertou 5 0 0 5 10 0 Potatoes, per c>vt 0 4 0 0 4 G Sydney, Decemher 25. Flour (fine) per ton £13 0 0 to£15 0 0 Bran, per bushel 0 1 G 0 0 0 Wheat, por bushul 0 5 G 0 G 0 Butter, per lb 0 0 G 0.0 9 Chces , peril) 0 0 7 0 0 8 Bacon nnd hnins, per lb ... . O'O 7 0 0 "8 Potatoes, per cwt 0 7 G 0 8 0 Ilay.perewt 0 6 0 -0 9 0 — L-ij.1 : : — = — = 