NOTICES OF MOTION AND ORDERS OF THE DAY. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday. AnnnsT Ifi. .notices of Motion:— ]. Mr. Hall to move— ' ' That there be laid on the table of this Council a return describing the position and area in acres ot all aboriginal reserves, together with a state ment of particulars of those which are let, and the income derived therefrom, and how that income has been appropriated.' Okdebs of the Day:— 1\. lleal Estate Descent Bill, 1S64: hi Committee. 2\. Northern Territory Customs Duties Bdl: second reading. - 3\. Friendly Societies BilL 1881: in Committee. .Tuesday, September 6. Ordzbs of the Day:— 1\. Report of Select Committee to prepare peti tion to the Queen on the validity of Acts of the Legislature to be brought up. 2\. Keuort of Select Committee on Parliament Buildings to be brought up. HOUSE OP ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, August 16. Questions :- 1\. Mr. Kingston— 'That he will ask the Honourable the Com missioner of Crown Lands and Immigration (Mr. A. Blyth) what steps the Government intend taking in the matter of those lessees of waste lands who have not claimed a renewal of then leases prior to the 30th June last.' 2\. Mr. Gltdk— 'That he will ask the Honourable the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, and Immigration (Mr. A. Blyth) how the Government intend to deal with the Crown lauds within hundreds now held under those annual leases which expire June 30, 1S65, in accordance with Act No. 18 of 1858.' 3\. Mr. Ultdh— .' That he%ill ask, the Honourable Uie'Commis, sioner of Crown Lands and Immigration (Mr. A lilyth)— Were all the applications for lenewal of leases, :is appearing in Parliamentary Paper No. !te', received at the Crown Lands Office hi Adelaide before July 1. 1S64?' Government Bcskess : Orders of tiie Day:— 1\. Consideration of first report of the Committee of Supply. (See Votes of Thursday, August 11.) 2\. Supply : in Committee. ( Vide Estimates Nos. 33, 39, and 77.) 3\. Aliens Bill, 18W: second reading. (No. 21). Other Business: Oudek of the Day:— 1\. Report of Committee ou Parliament Buildings to be brought up. Wednesday, August 17. Notices of Motion:— 1\. The Commissioner of Public Works (Mr Millie) to move— 'That the Adelaide Marine and Fire Assurance Company Si'll be now read a second time.' (No. 17.) v 2\. Mr. Bagot to move— 'That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the motion— ' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Excellency to recommend this House to make pro vision in the Estimates for the year 1S64-5, to an extent not exceeding £100, for the purpose of the exploration of Kangaroo Island by Mr. Har gravea.' ' 3\. Mr. Hewett to move— 'That there be laid on the table of this House a return showing the cost of spreading the broken stone on the main roads of the South, at some specified distance.'* Orders of the Day:— 1\. Couvicta Prevention Bill, IStU: in Committee. (No. 11.) 2\. Mr. Bakewell to move— 'That the House resolve itself into a Com mittee of the whole for the purpose of considering the following resolution :— That it is expedient to introduce 'A Bill intituled an Act to exempt cer tain Contracts from the Law of Partnership.' ' 3\. Mr. Neales to move— 'That in the opinion of this House the Go vernment should revise the mining regulations now in force, to enable miners and others to search for and open up the mineral deposits with less pre liminary expenses being entailed on persons fol lowing that pursuit.' 4\. Mr. Nsal&j-; 'Tliat he will call ths attention of the House to the mineral leases ami claims return i laid on the table, with a view to obtain liberty to introduce a more comprehensive Mineral Lands Act, or to induce the Government to do so.' 5\. Mr. Mildjiku to move— 'That it is the opinion of this House tb.iff necessary instructions be issued to prevent any leases of pastoral lands being relet without the valuations of rentals at whieli it is proposed to relet have Ihscii tirst published in the Government Gazette for at lexst 14 days during the sittings of this House.' Friday, August 19. Orders of tub Day:— 1\. Mr. Straxgways to move— ' That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the wbole for the purpose of considering the motion— 'That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Ex cellency to recommend this House to make pro vision m the Estimates, to an extent not exceeding £5,W\iot the purpose of defraying the cost of callinjr out 1,000 of the volunteer force for six days' permanent duty at some convenient period of the present financial year.' ' 2\. Trading Companies Bill: second reading. lNt-. -) 3\. Industrial and Provident Societies Bill: second reading. (No. 2 1.) 4\. Mr. Baoot to move— 'That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering tbe motion— 'That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief. praying His Excellency to recommend this House to make provision iu the Estimates for the year 1SB4-5, to an extent not exceeding £2,500, for the purpose of ex tending telegraplvc communication from Freeliu? Station to Bianchetown via Greenock.' ' 5\. Customs Bill, 1SO1 (No. 3): consideration of report of Committee of the whole House. (No. IU). Wednesday, August 24. Order of the Day:— 1\. Miners Bill, 1804: iu Committee— clause 22. (No. 7.) Friday. August 2(5. Order of the Day:— 1\. Constitution Act Amendment Bill: second reading. (No. 22.) Tuesday. August 30. Notices of Motion:— 1\. Mr. CoOLlN to move— ' That an address be presented to His Excel lency the Governor-inClnef, priying His Excel lency to cause a polling place to be proclaimed at Wallaroo, in accordance with the petition presented to this House.' 2\. Mr. Coglin to move— 'That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the motion — ' That an address pe presented to His Excellency the Govcrnor in-Chief, praying His Excellency to recommend this House to make provision in the Estimates for the year 18(51-5. to an extent not exceeding £100, for a ljueeif s Plate, to be competed for by horses bred in the colony, and to be run for on such race course in South Australia as His Excellency may direct.' ' Wednesday, August 31. Order of the Day :— 1\. Call of the House. Contingent Notices of Motion:— 1\. Mr. Murray to move (contingent on the con sideration in Committee of Supply of the depart- . ment under the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration)— ' That the items for the Waste Lands Bangers be struck out'* 2\. The Treasurer (Mr. Hart) to move (contin gent ou the report of the Chairman of Committee of Supply of certain resolutions having been arrived at) 'That Standing Order No. 408 be suspended, in order that such resolutions may be immediately considered ; and also, that the House resolve itself into a Committee of Ways and Means.'* Dr. Livingstone.— The Friend of India, June SO, says:— 'Dr. Livingstone arrived in Bombay on the 14th instant. He left Zanzibar in his little steamer, the Lady Nyossa, on the 1st of May. Immediately on his arrival he started for Poona. arith despatches for the Governor. The Lady Nyassa, the Gazette states, is to be sold. She is 110 feet long, fitted with a double screw-propeller, and Iraws onlytwo feet of water.' The Late Colonel Torkens. — We (Spectator) sincerely regret to record the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Kohert Torrens, who died on Friday week (the 27th May), in the 84th year of his age. Colonel Torrens will be remembered chiefly by lm economical writings and his connection with the colonization of South Australia; but his career as an officer was not entirely without mark aud incident. In 1811, ho \va3 promoted to the rank of major, for what was theu generally called the ' romantic defence of Anholt'— an affair iu which Captain Torrens repulsed a Danish force which outnumbered his 1 ttie garrison by ten to one. He was a warm advocate for the rights of the Koman Catholics in Ireland, and even refused the offer of a Government borcugh in 1811— an offer drawn forth by the ability, of liis essay on money and paper currency— rather than abandon their cause. He fought and gained a most expensive con test in Ipswich in 182b' on the Koman Catholic side only to be unseated upon petition, but not before he had made a speech on Ireland which drew forth the warmest praise from Mr. Huskisson, and has in fact proved prophetic. Colonel Torrens was in the House during several Parliaments, first for Asliburton, then for Bolton; and his books on political economy— one of which— a catechism of political economy— was, we believe, in the Dress at the time of his death— secured him a very high position as a clear and original thinker. He laboured hard in the foundation of the colony of South Australia to control the blind policy of a not very wise Government, and succeeded iu his work. To the last he ininressed all who knew him with the calm and lucid character of bis judgment, and attracted them with something of that perfectly simple dignity, that old English courtesy, that stately kindliness of manner which appear to be becoming rarer and rarer in out bustling and familiar day. MARiTDiz Phenomena.— On several occasions recently the attention of persons en gaged on the pier at Deal has been attracted by the extraordinary and crystal-like appearance of the sea, which presented the appearance of light-blue crystal, the bed of the sea being distinctly visible, presenting to view the rocks, shell-fish, sea- | anemones, and the growing seaweed like marine j trees, at the depth of 14 or 15 -feet, so that any object was clearly discernible, and could be readily laid hold of by creepers or hooks. Boatmen have never observed this appearance before so far from the shore,— Maulitone Journal. 