SATURDAY, APRIL 9, íseí i -«. "Finis" can at last be written to the story of the directors of the Provident Institute. A trial, memorable for ita length as well as for its character, has come to its close. The last of the legal ingenui- ties which the long array of professional gentlemen retained for the defence could put forward te delay or defeat sentence, has boen set aside. The doors of tho Supreme Court are closed ; and tho30 whom a jury of their countrymen pro- nounced guilty of conspiracy to defraud the unfortunate persons who intrusted money to their care, have been left to undergo the sentence the judges of the highest court in the colony have seen fit to impose upon thom. HAN- COCK is in his cell, to endure imprison- ment for nine months ; and SAWELL, as the less active participator in the swindle, is sentenced to incarceration for the lesser period of six months. It cannot be" said that justice has overtaken these persons hastily, or that the punishment she has inflicted upon them is by any means in excess of their deserts. They have been slowly and deliberately tried. Their case has not been prejudiced by demonstrations of popular feeling, or prejudged by the exponents of public opinion. They have had a fair field and abundance of favour, and the ordeal has determined their guilt. The avenues of the law were not closed to them. Every impediment was placed on their behalf in the way of NEMESIS. But justico, blind as she may be at times, never paused in her pursuit I of theso men. They offended daringly, and with a boldness and confidence which made tlio trail of their guilt easy to follow, and which render it impossible for any one to say that they have been hardly dealt with in the sontences that ¿ave been passed upon them re- spectively. The evidence produced to tue Court by which they were convicted, was of the blackest character. Some, at least, of the directors of the Royal British Bank, who underwent long periods of imprisonment for their con- nexion with the management of that insti- tution, wero able to urge in defence that they were innocent of all knowledge of those transactions which led to their appearance at the bar of the Old Bailey. They were as great sufferers by the fate of that bank as the most unfortunate of the duped depositors. Such a plea was advanced on behalf of some of those who stood at the bar at the commence- ment of this trial j and, moro tender of con- science than the Old Bailey twelve, it was favourably weighed by the jury who tried the Provident Institute offenders. Bat neither for HANCOCK nor SAWELL could such a plea be urged. They, with the absent POSTER, were the arch and active movers in this game of plunder. To the share of one of them, if not to both, fell the major part of the spoils. They were the real authors ' of the misery and loss which have fallen upon hundreds of poor and deserv- ing people, cheated of thoir hard savings. They were the truo authors of the scandal which has fallen upon the good name of the community in this matter. They know all that was going on. The daily violations of the conditions on which the money of the public ras lent to them took placo under their eyes, and within their know- ledge. The speculations in mines and machinery, in sugar and butter-in almost everything, indeed, which has a name in commerce-wero not entered into without their cognizance and their consent. The hourly consciousness was theirs, that they were participators in a gigantic fraud on the community. Tho degradation, therefore, which has over- taken them, has been fully deserved. Had their punishment been more severe, no one would have murmured. They had opportunities of checking the career of PORTEE. They could have turned the management of the institution into legiti- mate ways, and they not merely silently or ignorantly assented to the wrong- doing of the managing director, but they lent their assistance to it, directly and deli- berately. They knew the falsity of the statements and balance-sheets issued periodically, and they permitted the issue of these fresh baits for the simple and unwary. Their own hands dug the pit into which they have fallen. The harvest of shame they have now reaped is the legitimate product of the seed which they industriously and persever ingly sowed. Had the law failed to overtake and punish these offenders, a scandal would have rested on the good name of the community for years to come. It k matter for congratulation, therefore, that society has been saved from this wrong and that our commercial morality is satis- factorily-vindicated. The precedent whict has been established in the annals o: our courts wi'l be valuable for all time No other HANCOCK, and no seconc SAWELL, will venture to play ovei again tho dangerous game of th< Provident Institute. The ever-presen fear of their fate will preven' the issue of other wilfully falsifiée balance-sheets, and the open and flagranl violation of those conditions on whicl other depositors in other institutes of ¡ provident character entrust their mone; to them. Had justice miscarried it this instance, a serious blow would havi been given to those prudent and savinj habits which all thinking men desire ti encourage in a people. The loss woul< have been national, while the scanda would have been irremovable. Fo these public reasons, therefore, and thes alone, we rejoice that the prosecution c the directors of the late Provident In stitute has at last eventuated in th punishment of those whom the jur emphatically pronounced the moa guilty. Apart from the considerations c vengeance, we believe, on the abstrae principles of justice to society, that th views of the judges will meet with cordial response in the heart of ever honest tradesman. The Dean of Melbourne has been lecturing before the young men of Fitz- roy on " GOD'S Dealings with England." According to the very reverend gentle- man, Providence has taken quite an Anglo-Saxon view of its duties to our country. Providence, in fact, by the decanal theory, is a patriotic sort of cherub that sits up aloft with an especial eye for British interests. Other nations may be, in a general way, under the supervision of Providence, but it is especially for Great Britain, and more particularly for that part of it called England, that Providence exists and reigns. Other nations are allowed to fall or to flourish at their will, but England is directly under the patronage of Providence. Providence presides over the little island, just as PALLAS ATHENE took care of Athens, JUNO of Argos, or MAILS of Eome. What- ever is done in Europe, at least, is done by Providence for the especial benefit of Englishmen. Providence, it appears, from the very reverend gentleman's account, first began to take an active interest in the affairs of Britain about the twelfth century. It was Providence which so managed the quarrel between HENEY PLANTAGENET and THOMAS A'BECKETT, as to turn it to the profit of England. It was Providence, under the mortal semblance of the Baron FTTZWALTEK, which wruDg the Great Charter from King JOHN. It was Providence which persecuted the Lol- lards, so as artfully to prepare the way for the Reformation. It was Pro- vidence which, by a still more daring device, burnt the Protestants in the reign of MARY TUDOB- to the intent, wo presume, that, as the blood of the martyrs is the seed of tho Church, the establishment might have a full crop in the future. It wa3 Providence which first organized and then defeated the Spanish Armada. It was Providence (with Borne Bmall assistance from the I Whigs) which brought WILLIAM the Dutchman to replace JAMES STUART. It was Providence which warded off the French invasion in 1801, and made wreck of the Boulogne flotilla. It was Providence which wùa. the battle of Waterloo-which carried us through the Crimean campaign, the Persian war, and the Indian mutiny. All this, says the Dean of Melbourne, Providence did for England-that Providence which, says a somewhat higher authority, is no respecter of persons or peoples, but sends its rain alike on the just and the unjust. So truly a patriotic theory of the nature and duties of Providence ought, perhaps, to bo considered a venial weak- ness in one who, if he is not an English- man liimself, is at least an Irishman, and, therefore, a near neighbour to the chosen people. But, however gratified wo may be at a theory so flattering to the national self-esteem, it strikos us that there are a fow theological diffi- culties in the way of our acceptance of the Dean's doctrine. To supposo that Providence regards in all things only the interests of Great Britain is, in fact, somewhat to limit our notions of the all-ruling spirit of wisdom and benevo- lence. For it is plain that, if Providence tunis every event to the advantage of England, it can only do so by sometimes perpetrating what, to our imperfect worldly eyes, must appear a rank injus- tice on the rest of the world. If Provi- dence fights always on our side, Pro- vidence must fight against some other nation, perhaps equally good and equally deserving. A Power that is purely a British one, cannot bo that all-just, all-knowing, all-beneficent spirit in which we have been taught to be- lieve. It is but a partial God, after all, which deals with us in this fashion. It cannot be surely that England has always been right, and all the other nations always wrong, in the quarrels between us. And to do us good, it is indispensable that Providence should do evil elsewhere. Jf Providence is always on our side, it is clear that Providence must be always against our enemy. If Providence gained the battle of Waterloo for the English, Providence is equally chargeable with having lost it for the French. If-Providence carried us safe through the Crimean war, Pro- vidence is responsible to the Russians for the loss of Sebastopol. Or is there a Russian and a French Providence, as well as an English one? Are we to believe that the English only among the European nations are the one people so far above reproach as to have Provi- dence always on the side of its big bat- talions 1 Nay, this is only one of the perplexities in which we are involved, if we accept the Dean's theory. We must believe Providence to have played a most eccentric part in English history, if it directly interfered to do all with which it is charged. We must also arrive at a most confused notion of a Power which is omnipresent and omniscient, if we take it to be that sort of political partisan which the Dean has described. The struggle between HENRY II. and THOMAS A'BECKETT, for instance-to which side is Providence supposed to have shown favour 1 Again, the per- secution of the Protestants by Queen MARY-was this a direct interference of Providence, and if so, how, and to what end? Again, the Revolution oi 1G88 - how is this set down in the account between Providence and the nation ? Was Providence a Whig or a Tory in 1G88 ? If a Whig, as we presume the Dean meant to convey, how is it that it receives no credit for the re- volution preceding this, and of which that of 1G88 was only the sequel and complement ? Why should wo give Providence credit for bringing ovet WILLIAM of Nassau, unless we also give it credit for beheading CHARLES the First? If the one passage in our his- tory is a direct interference of Provi- dence, surely the other is also ; for we do not supposo that the Dean will maintain that the battles of Nasebj and Worcester could have beer gained by the enemies of tho KING without the sanction of Providence. Anc here we are led into another train oi conclusions, all springing from the verj reverend lecturer's theory. If Providence is responsible for the good which ii sends to England, it is answerable alsc for the evil-for the starvation of the British host in the Crimea, as well as for the ultimate fall of Sebastopol-for the assassination of innocent women and children in India, as well as for the taking of Delhi-for NANA SAHIB as well as for HAVELOCK. And the ac- count being balanced, what remains to the credit of Providence as the special friend and protector of England? It is almost incredible, in a civilised Christian country, that a theory so ab- surd and impious as this should be seriously maintained by a dignitary of the Church, for the edification of the young men of the age. What can be more profitless to the youth of Fitzroy than to hear what Dr. MACARTNEY knows of the motives and objects of Providence? What special revelation has been given to the Dean that ho should be able to expound to us so glibly the ways of GOD to man, and to interpret the decrees of Heaven? What can be more childish than for any man born to claim Providence as a peculiar God of the British race? "We may excuse a Hindoo, who tells us that VISHNU is the favourite god of one district, and DOOUGA of another. We have pardoned the ancient pagans, who believed that every city, as well as every river and every wood, had its tutelar deity ; but it is surely a little startling to find a dean of the Anglican Church seriously maintaining the heathen notion of a particular Providence " for a particular country. In what is the Dean wiser than any other mortal, that ho is able to tell even what is good and what 13 bad, in the dealings of Providence with Great Britain? By what right does he interpret the bad to bo a judge? ment-the good, a special blessing Î Surely it is no part of the Christian, belief in an overruling power that wo should be required to find foe every isolated event in bistoiy its true motivo and its real object in the heart of Pro- vidence. It is still less a part of th« Christian's duty, to mr,Ke thal; Provi- dence which is over all a partisan-a power which has ita partialities and Ü» favourites-which deals with nations not as they deserve, but according to Borne preconceived feeling-which makes every event serve to the good of one favoured people and one chosen country. Compelled as we are, by the scrupulous reserve of our own Government, to gather the intentions of the Duke of NEWCASTLE on the subject of postage from the South Australian Gazette, we scarcely know in what spirit to receive the intelligence. Looking at the bare announcement that the British Govern- ment propose to increase the tax upon correspondence despatched from Great Britain to Australia, nothing that we can say in deprecation of the project would be warm enough. The present arrange- ment is based upon a mutual agreement between thehome authorities and the colo- nies, the obligations to observe that ar- rangement are mutual, and it is scarcely credible that one party to the com- pact should by an arbitrary act of its own, venture to repudiate those obliga- tions. No notice has been given on either side that the observance of the bargain is irksome, and for either side tothrowoffthe responsibility without con- sulting the other, is an intolerable injus- tice. If this line of policy is to be allowed, there is no saying in what results it will end. Once establish the principle that the stronger party to a contract may release Lirnself from his obligations at any moment, and there will no longer be any safety in a treaty, any good faith in a bargain. If England is to ieep faith with her dependencies only -when it suits her convenience, the sooner her colonies take independent action for themselves the better. As far as we can xnako out, the pretext for increasing the postal rate is to diminish tho loss on the postal service. This is the reason given by the Lords Commissioners. The principle has been found to answer in China, the Cape of Good Hope, and the West Indies ; there can be no harm in extending its application. We need not stop to expose the fallacies on which this reasoning is based. Logic and ex- perience, in spite of my Lords, always have been, and always will be, in favour of cheapness being true economy in matters of postal communication. INo ukase from Downing-street can contradict the lesson which the history of the penny postage in England has bequeathed to political economists, and it would bo mere supererogation to insist that the cheapness of an article is in- dispensable to its popularity. All that it will be necessary for the Australian Governments to reply to my Lords is, that the primary object of a postal system is not remuneration, that a postal system never can be self- support- ing, and that the only thing ex- pected of a well-organized postal sys- tem is, to afford the greatest imme- diato convenience at the least imme- diate loss-the loss being necessarily a very subordinate consideration. For, after all, the real value of a postal system is not to be mea- sured by the money expended in maintaining it. It is the ultimate gain accruing to society in the aggregate that should be the standard whereby to estimate both its efficiency and its cost. The direct remuneration accruing from the most flourishing post must be trifling. It is only when we reflect on the indirect aggrandizement that we can realize its profitableness. No one can doubt, for instance, that the subsidies expended by England on her postal machinery are returned fourfold into her treasury by the impulse which that machinery gives to the fructifica- tion of the wealth of the nation. But wo think we can detect from other sources than the Duke of NEW- CASTLE'S circular the consideration which ( has chiefly influenced his Go- vernment in its decision. We pub- lish elsewhere a minute of Lord STANLEY of Alderley, dated April, 1863, in which, as our readers will see, -a distinct reference is made to the pro- ject now divulged, and which must have been then in its germ. From that reference, it appears at first sight as though the scheme was contemplated by its authois from a fortnightly service point of view. " Should your lordships," writes Lord STANLEY, " adopt the mea " sure of raising the postage, it will be " practicable, I trust, to have an addi " tional mail to Australia, and thus " render the service fortnightly instead " of monthly." Thus, it would seem, there is a philosophy in the action of my Lords not dreamt of by their victims. The colonies are to pay dearer for their correspondence, in order that they may conduct it at shorter intervals and in diminished bulk. The letters may be fewer, but they will not bo so far be- tween. And if this is tho argument of the Commissioners, wo may at once raise our voice in protesting against it. If these are the terms on which we are to have a fortnightly mail, wo at once reject them. If this is the sacrifice we are called upon to make for the benefit, we at once forego it. If the home Go- vernment is really anxious to double our opportunities of intercourse with it, and at the same time is unwilling to contri- bute anything to the burden it would .entail upon us, by all means let us take the service upon ourselves, and be relieved of any penalties for doing so. The com- pensation offered us in tho Duke's de- spatch of thohberty to increase the charges -of our own postal tariff as high as wo please, is really no compensation at all. The indulgence of my Lords,instead of in- demnifying us for the hardship they have imposed on us, would complete our de- struction. To do as we have been done by would not exactly be our policy, in spite of the Imperial admonition. It is au instance in which wo do well not to be grateful for the favour. There is something doubtless pleasing in the notion of being at liberty to retaliate ; but the kind of retaliation would scarcely suiV our circumstances. The wise man Í3 content toforcgo revenge,if tho vengeanco is fatal to its author ; and we cannot afford, however dramatic the situation, to co-operate with our executioners, and combine suicide with murder. Our mutual demeanour at present is as little offensive as it can be, and there is no reason for disturbing it. We have nothing to gain by breaking our contract, or altering tho conditions of the bargain originally made, and we must, therefore, in the most energetic termB, refuse our consent oi countenance to any invitations to violate it. A fort- nightly mail would be au undoubted boon to us, but it would lose its value if we purchased it at such a sacrifice and for such concessions. We still be- lieve that the home Government is anxious to endow us with a fortnightly maiL In contemplating the prospect of the Panama route, it most distinctly refused to accept any tender for the execution of the project, which did not satisfy among others this condition, namely, " that the times and rates of " speeds of such company bo such " as to harmonize perfectly with " the Suez service, so as to make the " two alternate fortnightly with each " other." This was written in the Trea- sury minute on the subject, and the projectors of the Panama route have un- dertaken to fulfil the condition, though it is not easy to see how they wJU be enabled to keep it. By no contrivance whatever, wo do not hesitate to aver, would it be possible to arrange the com- munications by the two routes, so as to make them dovetail. The two services can never be fitted so as to lead ' to a fortnightly communication. The local Government will then be on its guard against pledging the co- operation of this colony on the strength of any such deceitful prospect. If wo want a fortnightly mail, we repeat once more, wo must hold aloof from speculators, who have as yet given us no practical proof of their ability to supply our wants. A double communi- cation will be valuable only if it bo ac- companied with regularity, punctuality, and certainty. The inconveniences which dependence on diverse lines would entail, would be absolutely more mischievous than no mail at alL For Victoria, the Panama route can never have any at- tractions, while everything is in favour of its rival. In another column will be found a minute of Sir ROWLAND HILL, in which the advantages and disadvan- tages are so skilfully weighed, that the attention of tho community cannot bo directed to it too often. The minute was published at au earlier period of the discussion, but its revival is sufficieutly appropriate at the present moment. Comparing it with Lord STANLEY'S later statement, it will be found that both documents assimilate in argument and conclusion. Both Sir ROWLAND HILL, in 1858, and his successor, in 1863, agree in awarding the preference to the Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany over their competitors. The Pa- nama route, according to these autho- rities, would be longer and more expen- sive and more irregular than the route via Suez. These considerations, says Sir ROWLAND, after a very elaborate examination of their merits, appear to bo conclusive in favour of the latter, " and, consequently, even if a monthly " service should be deemed insufficient, " the additional packets should bo placed " on the Suez route." " The Marseilles " and Ceylon route is much superior for " letters, newspapers, books, and tele " grams. As regards the expense," adds Lord STANLEY, " I have no doubt that " the cost of the Panama service would " be much the greatest." This is the testimony of judges, and with all this testimony, it is in- conceivable how the CROSBIE WARD scheme, should have found favour at home. One thing is very clear. If Victoria is anxious for her interests, she must assert them. It will Bevor do to lose her cause by default, when a little pleading in the proper quarters nv'ght gain it. We have no doubt, after what has been said and written, the Ministry will take the first opportunity of putting the home Government in possession of tho views of the country on a subject of such vital importance to its welfare. The advantages of a fortnightly mail need no championing. Mr. M'CULLOCH personaBy is alive to them, we believe, though his colleagues are not ; but we blame him for not taking independent action, and asserting his opinion. It will never do for the mercantile section of the community to tyrannize over the instincts of society at large at such a crisis. We can easily understand why more rapid and frequent intercommuni- cation with England should be distaste- ful on 'Change. But wo protest most strongly against the public being sacri- ficed, because half-a-dozen consignees are unwilling to multiply their corre- spondence and their remittances to the foreign merchant, or half-a-dozen agents are loth to encounter the moro frequent supervision of their principals. The February mail from England is due in Melbourne on Monday. Our mual anticipa- tory telegram of the news via Adelaide, there- fore, may reach UB In the couree of to-morrow. The Madras bringa the mail from Galle, and the Alexandra conveys the South Australian portion of it from King George's Sound to Adelaide. The rule for a new trial of Hancock and Sawell, tho Provident Institute directora, was argued yesterday before their honours tho judges of the Supreme Court. The arguments occupied several hourd, but failed to induce the Court to disturb the verdict of guilty of conspiracy to dofraud, pronounced in Decem- ber last. Later in tho day, the defendants woro brought before Mr. Justice Barry, for Eontence. They were both sentenced tj im- prisonment-Hancock for nine months, and Sawell for six months. Last night saw the conclusion of the great Dog Show; and, as often happens in our somewhat Impulsive community, that about which it was difficult at first to beget an in- terest became in the end the topic of the day, and the centre of attention. On Thurs- day laßt, when a half-crown entrance-fee was charged, the attendance of visitors comprised nearly 1,600 persons, but yestorday-the shilling day-between 4,500 and 6,000 per- sons passed into the Exhibition- building. From about noon till long after darkness had set in there were two nearly continuous Btreams of comers and going. The receipts will, it ia believed, clear all expenses, and per hnps leave a few pounds over. These ex- penses were by no means light, for the fit- tings, food for the doga, and attendants, must have cost much, and over £100 was spsnt in prizes, ¿propos of tho prizes, several win neis have expressed a desire not to re- ceive either money or a medal, bat eomothing like an electro-plated cup; and poibaps the directors will meet tho general wish by allowing the prize-takers themselves to fix on the form which their two guinea»' worth shall take. The marked success that bas followed this really courageous attempt to establish dog shown-calculated to improve our breeds of dogs as much as shows of stock improvo breeds of cattle-loads us to regard their recurrence at least once a year as pretty certain, and, if so, the event of the last two dayB will bring forth good fruit. At the Supreme Court yesterday-the last day of Easter Term-Mr. Hickman Moles- worth and Mr. Howard Spensley were ad- mitted members of the bar of Victoria. The Commisbionor of Public Works an- nounces, through the Public Works Circular, that " the distribution of the vote for 1861, for fencing cemoteries, will be taken into con- sideration on Monday, the 2nd May, and it is requested that all applications for aid from this vote bo addressed to the Inspector General of Public Works, at Melbourne, on or before tho 23th April. Any application re- ceived after that data will not be considered during the present year." A caso of " sticking-up" has occurred be- tween Maryboroush and Talbot. The fol- lowing particulars of tho affair are givon in the Police Gazette of yesterday :-" Thomas Marshall was stopped on tho evening of the 20th March, on the Talbot road, about five miles from Maryborough, and robbsd of £6, by nn armed man, about thirty-fivo years of age, and five feet six inches high, stout build, about ten stono weight, sallow complexion, dark hair, smooth face, and cloan-shaved . wore monkey-jacket, cotton print handker- chief round the collar, moleskin trousers, and old wide white wideawake, and carried a revolver." The Adelaide Telegraph of the lat inst. says:-"A person called at our office this morning, and stated that yesterday two men, in sinking a well on the property of Mr. John Hills, at the Meadows, came across a deposit of gold. The appearance of the ' country' pro- mises well, and leaves reason to hope that large deposits of the precious metal aro to bo found in the neighbourhood." "(In Ballarat County Court, on the 7th instant," says the Stir, " a plaintiff sued for the value of oats alleged to have been taken by the defendant, who, as owner of the land, had non in a suit of ejectment. His Honour found for the plaintiff, but reserved judge- ment, to take time to consider whether the plaintiff could recover for the oats, or only for the bugs in which the gr¿ln was put." The Mount Alexander Mail gives the follow- ing case, quoting the observations of the Bench as advice to farm labourers :-" In the police court, one Smith summoned Mrs. Monks, of Muckleford, for £1 11s. due for wages. Plain- tiff stated that he had worked for two weeks, and finding he would require to leave, in order to attend to some business of his own, he asked for his wages, and was refused. De- fendant admitted the debt, but had refused to pay because the man was leaving without giving a week's notice, which she said she ex- pected, as the team with which the man was ploughing was thrown idle in consequence, The Bench gave a verdict for the amount without costs, as they considered that it was quite necessary that, under such circum- stances, men should give notice of their in- tention to leave, and advised the plaintiff to be more particular in his agreements in future when hiring himself to work." Tho chrysanthemums and other autumr plants, in the Botaulc Gardens, are just be ginning to bloom, and with a week or two o genial weather they will present a very at tractive show. Tho autumn acacias hav also begun to assume their brightest dress and perfume the air with their fragrance The recent rains have quite renewed th verdure of the gardens, which had sufferei considerably from the preceding drought; am hore and there may bo seen rose-trees am various plants putting forth their second ero of iloweiB. Amongst the objects which are a present worthy of the victor's special attcntioi are the crimson pa3sion-flower and the coffee plant, in the small couservatoiy ; a specime of the exuphalorlos, a shrub indigenous t South Africa, which is near the largo consei vatoiy, and is in flower for the first time ; am tho American pampas grass, which rears it tall head near Dr. Mueller's residence, and i now in full bloom. The work of ropalrln the damage done by the floods to the lowe portion of the gardens is progressing satisfai torily, and the pathway leading from tb bridge has been restored nearly to its forme state. The bridge is to be temporarily r< paired, so as to mako it available for passer gers until the intended new bridgo is erectei At present, however, the ferry-boat which wi brought into requisition upon the bridt being declared dangerous still plies to an fro. No tidings hav« yet been obtained of ti literary gentleman who has lately been mis ing from Creswick, though an active Beare has been maintained. Possibly some light c the mysterious occurrence may bo thrown 1 the following paragraph from the Ballan correspondence of the Geelong Advertiser: "In CreBwick various opinions wero e: pressed-some, that he had been murdere for the money that it was known ho had cc lected on Ballarat; another, that he had g thrown from his buggy, and had fallen into waterhole. Other rumours need not bo pn tlcularized. A judgement was given again him in the County Court on a bill of e change, and the bailiff has taken posse Bion of tho machine, typo, paper, &c.; It generally understood that the property covered by a bill of sale executed in favour Major Stephens. Altogother tho rumours a very conflicting, but it is to be hoped that few days more will explain all." The Ballal Mvening Pott of yesterday adds :-" No tldin have yet been heard of Mr. Francis. C Sunday next the volunteers, fire-biigade, ai some scores of tho inhabitants will turn o to search the bush." A pavilion, for the accommodation of the band which occasionally plays in Fitzroy- gardens, is about to be erected by the Public Works department. The Castlemaine Daily News of yeste doy says, - " About seven o'clock ti morning, Mis. Salisbury, wife of Mr. Sal bury, of the Porcupine, Hotel, Porcupii was found lying dead in the creak bohl the hotel. Although thero was little me than BÍX inches of water, which did r cover tho body, there can bo no doubt ti she had been drowned. For somo timo 1 Salisbury has been in difficulties, and for t last two days tho house haB been in tho p seSBion of bailiffs, tho furniture being expos for sale. These misfortunes had, no dou preyed on the mind of tho unhappy worm and, in conjunction with other circumstanc it is feared, had led her to be guilty of se destruction. It is supposed that at tho til the body was found sho had been dead. four or fivo hours." The Match Committee have selected t twonty-two cricketers to represent Victoria tho forthcoming international match-J! England v. Victoria. Tho names of tbechot aro givon in the following list :-Brya CosBtick, Greaves, Wills, Marshall, Camon Howitt, Huddlc3tone, Hopkinson, Mortim Wardill, J. Smith, Simmonds, Morres, Conw Gibson, Kelly, Phillips, Sweeney, Makin» O'BrioD, aud Tait. Tho emergency men i Jacomb, Cox, and B. Butterworth, and I committeo reserve the right of altsring 1 list if such a course should be found des able. It was intended to gut tho twonty-t together this afternoon for practice, but t WHS not found practicable. The crickotti ottraclioa for this afternoon, therefore, will be the EaBt Melbourne v. Melbourne match, on the ground of the metropolitan club. Among other matches announced to tako place this afternoon iB one on the Prince of Wales ground, between tho Essendon and Prince of Wales clubs. Some beautiful samples of tomatoes and capsicums have been shown to us. O no of the former weighed no less than oighteon and a half ounces : and of the capsicums, one measures eleven inches in circumference. They were grown by Mr. Hubbard, at Chel- tenham, and aro exhibited in the Bhop of Mr. Eeynolds, Swanston-street. We have our files from Hobart Town to the Oth inst., by the Tasmania, which arrived yesterday. The Mercury mentions that tho ship^Jcannie W. Paine, which left Melbourne for New Zealand on the 17th ult., with sheep, has put into Hobart Town for hay and water, having encountered easterly winds, against which she conld make no progress eastwards. The borough of Chewton would soem to bo retrogressing, as the valuo of tho rateable property within its bannds is less this year by £1,100 than It was lait year. It is ex- plained, howover, that " this decrease does not argue a diminution in tho number of miners. The railway through Chewton is of vety considerable length, and sinc3 tho last assessment a large number of ratepayers on gaged in its formation have, in consequenco of its completion, loft for other places. The present assessment also has been very pro- perly mado on a calculation accoiding with the general falling off In tho value of pro- perty." Mr. M. M. Pope, one of tho representatives of North Grenville in the Assembly, has been entertained at dinner by a number of his constituents, at the Crown Hotel, Buninyong. The party consisted of about thirty. Mr. Fisher, president of tho shire council, pre- sided, and Mr. Hedrick, mayor of Buninyong, was in the vice-chair. With admirable ideas on the subject of utilitarianism, the occasion was taken to present a congratulatory address to a member of the shire council, who is about to return to his native country. What Mr. Pope has done os a member of Parlia- ment to deserve a complimentary dinner, his constituents know best. So far as our recol- lections of the debates servo us, Mr. Pope is chiefly celebrated for a remarkable speech on the subject of tall thistles. By the Danish ship Jörgen Bruhn, Captain Kraft, which an i ved in the bay yesterday, after a smart passage from London, Mr. Ed- ward Wilson ha3 recolved a vailety of addi- tions to the stock of his experimental farm, at Keilor. Tho list of tho new arrivals em- braces two Spanish she-asses, of high breed, and a foal dropped on the voyage ; eight first class sheep, of the Lincolnshire breed, and several lambs born at sea ; eleven Alderney cows, and ono young Alderney bull. All the stock shipped (and the additions mado on the passage) have arrived safely, with the oxcep* tion of two owes. Captain Kraft deserves s special compliment for the groat care taker of the stock during the voyage. A somewhat curious caso haî occurred ir the County Court of Ballarat. Tho point involved are thus alluded to by the Star o yesterday:-"The Sheriff of Ballarat suoc Mr. Loader, M.L A., in the county court yes terday, for exponsos incurred in a levy madi upon the stock-in-trade of Charles Join Duke, saddler, In Lydiard street. The lev; was mado on one day; a claim was thon mnd by Thomas Trengrove, and while the sherii was proceeding to intorplead, Duke filed hi schedule. The sheriff then gave up tho in tsrpleader, and sued the execution crédito for the expenses of the levy. Duke adniittei in evidence that Tiongrove's claim was ficti tlous, and was mado to give time to file hi schedule. His Honour said it was a pur question of law as to whether or not th sheriff could elect to sue either his attorno, or tho execution creditor, and judgometi was reserved." The Hobart Town Mercury of tho 0th instan states that " the Hon. E. Abbott, late mombo for Clarence in the Assembly, and presen member for Cambridge in the Council, ha intimated his intention of leaving the colonj and settling in Victoria, if he does not obtai: the appointment of chairman of committee: now vacant, when Parliament meets." Th same journal also remarks :-" Wo state some months ago that Mr. F. H. Henelowi Clerk of tho Legislative Assembly, had o[ plied for leavo to retire on a pension o account of his failing gonoral health. The has been granted, and that gentleman retire on a pension of £230 a year, and leaves Tai mania immediately for Melbourne, whene he will embark by tho first overland mall fe India, where he has obtained remuneiath employment not at all detrimental to healtl under Major Cotton, on the irrigation surve staff. Mr. H. M. Hall, assistant clork au librarian, is to succeed Mr. Henslowe, and vacancy will thns bo created in the assistât clerkship, for which thero aro no less tha twenty-two applications." A very commodious orderly-room is i course of erection for the East Collingwoc Volunteer Rifles, near to Altken's Brewer; Victoria-parade. It will cost between £3( and £400, towards which tho support of ti inhabitants of East Collingwood is requests The members of tho corps have been supplie with collecting-books, for the purpose of ol taining subscriptions. Thero was no business of any consequeni at the Sandiidge Police Court yesterday. An oller of a rewaid of £103 is mado in ti Gazette, for such information as shall lead i the conviction of the person or persons gull! of having sot fire to a Btack of straw nt Coi congella Creek, near Quartz Keof, Win mora, the proporty of Mr. S. J. Davidson, Allen Vale, at midnight, on the 10th ult. Tho Commissioner of Customs notlfi through tho Gazette, for general informatio that " the duty of collecting tho rents at charges payable on powder Btored in ti magazine nt Geelong, has been transfers from the keopcr of the powder- magazine the collector of customs at that place." The Gczette of yesterday contains the usu revenue tables for tho quarter ending 81 March last. They show that tho total i ceiptB from all sources amounted to £G15,K or an increnso of £13,041 as compared wi the corresponding quarter of 1803, but decrcaso of £155,886 as compared with ti estimates of the Treasurer. This decrea occurred mainly in tho departments lanela and public works. The Treasur expected to derive, under the head of te ritorial revenue, a sum of £255,050, b be realized only £132,791 ; and from publ works he expected to obtain £143,003, but 1 received only £119,310. Tho railway incon (included under this head), was £113,620, ; place of £130,000, as estimated. " The Mersey and Deloraine Tramway Coi pany schemo," Bays tho Hobart Town Mercut "is making good progress. Its prospect has not leen out many days, and yet ti share list is gradually filling up. Amoi other applicants for sbnrei, wo may mentit tho Hon. T. Y.Lowcs, M.L.O. ; Mr. Askin Mc rison, J.P. ; Mr. Thomas Giblin, J.P. ; and M John Davies. So much interested is the Ho T. Y. Lowes in the scheme that ho hrs, .( understand, personalty inspected tho site the Hue, and so satisfied is he with ice pre pects of Bucees?, under proper managemei that ho has declared himself ready, whenev called upon, to tako np any number of shares that may be required to set it afloat." The Launceston Examiner of tho 5th adels:-"It is gratifying to find that the agents of Messrs. Puto, Biassey, and Co. have consontsd that their offer to construct the Deloraine line made in August last open for six months, shall remain opon until August next. We feel confident that, when tho timo atrivo3 for the execution of this important work, tho railway authorities, whoever they may be< will find it to be consistent with the public interests to embrace the offer made by this eminent firm." A cricket match is to bri played on tho Mel- bourne ground on Thursday next, batween two elevens chosen from the mayor, coun- cillors, and offlceis of the city on one side, and the mayors and councillors of eleven surrounding boroughs on tho other side. It may bo anticipated that a gamo of so inte- resting a character will attract numerous spectators. A small charge will bo made at the gat:s for admission, and tho procoeds aro to bo handed to the Benevolent Asylum. We observe that a lecture will bo given on Monday evening, at the Polytechnic Institute, by Mr. Wemys3 Jobson, " late editor of tho celebrated New York journal The Sed Flag, and author of The French Revolution, &c;, &c;, &c.;" The subject proposed iB tho pre- sent state of affairs in America, in reference to the Australien future. We understand that the dealers in dogs havo driven a gcad trade in the Exhibition Building during tho last day or two. On Thursday, one dog changed hands at a pre- mium of £120. Two women, named Margaret Quinn and Mary Murray, were arrc3tcd yesterday, on information given by a man named Charles Fitzpatrick, who accused them of robbing him of a portsmonnuie, containing a cheque for £200, a £20, a £10, and a £5 note. The notes and cheque were on tho Union Bank' except the noto for £5, which was one of the Bank of Otago, New Zealand. The purao aleo contained a gold ring. Nono of the pro- perty has yet been recovered. Tho prisoners will be brought before the City Court this morning. The judgos of tho Supremo Court enlarged , Easter Term sittings in banco yesterday by two days, the business of tho term having been too heavy to be disposed of completely in the term which, in its ordinary extent, ended yesterday. The enlargement is by adding Saturday, April 0 (this day), and Mon- day, Moy 2, to tho term. The treasurers of St. Luko's Church, Eme- rald-hill, acknowledge, with thanks, a dona- tion of £10 from Mr. Henry Godfrey, in aid of the relief of the poor, and to supplement the organ fund. The anniversary services in commemora- tion of the opening of Albert-street Baptist Church will be commenced to-morrow, whon sonnons will be preached by tho Rev. James Taylor ond the Rev. Isaac New. On Tuesday evoning a public tea meeting wi)' be held, when the above and other reverend gentle- men will be present, as well as the choir, who will perform several pieces of sacred music. During tho past month, as we find from the return published in the Gazette of yester- day, fourteen intestate estate wero placed under the caro of the curator of intestate estates. Of the fourteen persons, who thus died leaving no wills, Mary O'Beilly, who died at M'Cullum's Creek, and is described generally as a native of Ireland, left a sum of £800; Frederick Lange, a Prus- sian, who resided at Cobbler's Lead, near Bal- larat, left£C50; Thos. N. Martyn, Sindy Creek, left £2C0 ; George Kew, an English- man, who died at Yackandandah, left £151 16s. ; Philippe Brette, a Frenchman, who arrived in the colony recently by the ship Landsborough, died possessed of £59 ; and smaller snmB have been left by Samuel Hall nndjJohn M'KInley, who came by tho steam- ship Great Victoria. At the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of tho Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, tho superintendent mado the following return :-Number of Inmate3 in the home, as reportod last week, COI ; admitted Bince, 62 ; persons who havo received out-dooi relief, 90; total relieved, 783. Discharged from the homo during the week, G6. Total at present remaining, 597 ; consisting of children chargeablo to the Government, 429 ; cases chargeable to the society, 1G8. The committee desiro to acknowledge the receipt per Mr. Goff, agent for salo of society's rellei cards, of the following subscriptions :-Messrs Dickson and Williams, £1 ; and Mr. Josopb Cohen, 10a. Cd. At the City Court yesterday, William D'Arcy, a man respectably connected in Mel- bourne, and said to have lately held a situa- tion under Government at Hamilton, was committed for trial on a charge of stealing £65 from Mr. Malcolm Fraser, a squatter, on the 30th of lost month. At the East Collingwood Police Courl yesterday, a woman named Jane Young charged with assaulting Itosa Coller, and breaking the windows of her house, wai fined 10s., or three days' imprisonment and required to find sureties for gooc behaviour during tho next threo months Hubert Wagstaff, summoned by tho inspectoi of nuisances for slaughtering upon his pre mises, waa fined dOj., and 10s. costs. Wm Fielding and Joseph Danolly, on complaints o dressing 'calves upon their premises, wore fined 6s. each, with 5s. costs. John Gunn for breaking opon the footpath without per- mission, was fined 2s. Gd., with 5s. costs Isabella M'Andrew, complained against bj tho police for allowing a forooious dog to ge at large, was fined Is., and 2s. Gd. costs. Thi magistrates on tho bench wero Messrs Fawkner, Prince, and Hoiles, J.P.'s. Somo changes aro about to occur in thi police force. Mr.L. Kabat, lately sub inspecto: at Ballarat, has been re-appointed to tho force and will bo stationed at Hamilton ; Mr. Ryal will be removed from Richmond to Ballarat and Mr. M'Namara, from Smythesdale, wil take Mr. Ryan's placo at Richmond. Tho Ballarat Evening Post roports there suits of the racing at Smeaton yosterday to bl as follows :-" The Smeaton Handicap, Mi Cain's Blink Bonny, 1 ; Mr. John's Bosh, 2 Glengower Stakes, Yorkehireman, 1. Hand! cap Hurdle Raco, Yorkshircman, 1. Shin Handicap, Carlbrook, 1 ; Bosh, 2." At the Theatre Royal, last evening " Money," and " Shocking Events," woro re pcated. For to night tho programmo is or attractive one, embracing, as it doos, " Th Honeymoon," tho comedietta of "Toa Noddy's Secrot," and " Tho Lottery Tlokot." "Money," and "Up in tho World," wen repeated at tho Haymarket Theatre last even ing, and with as much success as on tho pre vious night. This evening, "PIzarro" one "Tho Wonder" will bo again playod. 