WEEKLY REGISTER/ 1 I 'TCnx Assembly during tha weah baa been chiefly occupied " in tbe dlaouafion of the estimates. On Tuesday, the seet ot Hr, Grey, member for Kiama, was deolared . vacant, owirig to tbe resignation of that gentleman, Considerable debate oaantrad on tbe proposal of tbe ? Government to withdraw tho immigration rote (£80 OOO; for Ibis year, bnt it was oventoUly agreed to by a large majuity, A sum of .£000 nos voted for tbe nu no go. ment nf alpacas, and asimilar amount for tbe aborigines .*ol the acuntry. The Legislative Council, on Wednesday, decided to sit on .two additional days during the re- mainder of the preaent BOSBIOO, namely, on Taesdaye and FiidajB The Superannuation Bill paEB3d its sooond reading. In tbe Assembly, on the same dey, a bill was introduced to enable tho Government to enforco the eolleation of . cas'omB duties on gq. dj comlDg across the borders The House eat till half-poit one, and considerable progress «ia made with the estimates, whiab, with the exception -of nome postponed items, were ooncladed on the follow "lng d'y. Tbe nen polios magistracies were disallowed. The Q loan's Plato WGB voted by a very large mej jrity. On Friday evening tho house waa counted ont at half past seven; and nothing was done. It is probable that Parliament will be prorogued at tto end ol next' week, or Ibo beginning of the week alter. , .Tbe revenue statement for tho quarter ending March '? 31st bas been published. The amount reoeived proves to . b.s upwards cf £10.000 lesa »bon tho receipts for the cor. . responding quarter of last year : a id lhere must also be d ed noted from it a som of £10,000, for duties reoeived wbioh will have to be returned. This will increase the filling off to £02,000. Tho deficiency ariBCB principally in the onatoms and the land rtv¿nne. Very serious floods occurred last week in the Clarence Btver diatriot. À large quantity ot the oropa, and even of the loris that .bore them, were carriod awayj leaving many persons homeless and destitute; lu Qteenalend, too,the walera have' risen higher than they had done r since 1821, and tho IOBS of property has been veiy great. -The blacks in that colony ore becoming very troublesome, and several murders have been oomm.tted. "". A tremendous Aro took place in Brisbane cn Monday last. A lopg'row of wooden houses in Qoten atreet were entirely destroyed, and soma adj icent brick build- ings were also injured. ' Toe IOBBOB ara" estimated at JÎ80.0CO. . The :seleot oommittee of the Assembly appointed to inquire into the condition of tho. Public Warks Depsr. -ment have brought up a progress report, from which it appears that the business of that department, nuder Mr, Arnold, was oonüuotod in a very reohleas, loose, and irregular manner. . A mention; wai held in Sydney last week by the friends Of tempéranos .with the view of otganiaing an attempt to piooure the passion of a Permissive Liquor Liw Bill, end on Wednesday (.vening a large meeting took place, ht the Temperance Hall, when it waa determined to ? memorialise the Legislature on the sui ) ¿ot. ' The mail steamer Madras arrived at King George's -Sonad, on the O.b instant, and telegraphic news waa received in Sydney v.'n Adelaide on Wednesday evening, The prinoipal items of intelligence ere tbe indisposition .Of theQ teen, tho commencement ol hostilities between the Auitiian and Prussian forces and Denmark, tbe refusal ol England to recognise tbo olaims of Amenos to reparation for IOBSOB sustained by tho Alabama, the termination of the Palmerston divorce case, the deter« ruination to bold a congress in England on tbe Danish .question, the BUOOGSSCB of the Confederate armies in Anterior, the oontlnned success of tho Poles, and the ?judgment ot thc Privy Council in favour of tbe writers -of tho " Essays and Keviews, ' . 1 Tbe BiBhop of Melanesia returned on Moniay from . a visit to Brisbane, whole be addreBBed several meltings ?lu furtherance ol tbe objeot of bis mission. There: appears to be some expectation that tba Bishop will establish bia head, quarters in that colony, and. that be will maka en effort to improve the condition of its ?aborigines. - ' .-. . .. ' A publlo meoting was held in the Tempéranos Hall on Monday evening, the Speaker of tbe Legislative Assembly in tbe obair, to: devise means for: the relief of the sufferers from floods and other calamities that have lately devastated tbe agricultural dlairiots of tbe oolnoy.j Deputations (rom the Camden and Hunter river districts' addressed' the meeting, wbl :b,.thOngh not a" crowded ,onp, ,was ettendodby-a large number of influential .pitiBBUs, A. oommitteo was formed to collebt Bab-' \- sorjptlonii*J " " '? t ' . , .... * j The new Bishop of Golilbnra arrived in his dlooesei oh''the 7th instant, accompanied by tho Blahop of Sydney. He waa most cordially received by tbs inhabi- litante, and, on the following day, was entertained at ? «¡inner in Goulburn at Mandelson'e hotel. I ; During tbe late floods in Qieonsland, a mailman was. -.detained twenty-one days on his journey. Ha was . «atirely,surrounded by water on a rising grouod,'and: lal to kilt one of bis horses for food. In another plane. \- fifteen -horses were, for several days, standing up to their bellies in water.. Nine died, and tbe Biz wbioh sar vived bad their manes ard taila eaten cff. ' ' |The Government of Queensland have undertaken to, 'supplement tbe funds raised for the relief of soflVrers by' ^Ibo .late flood, by granting from the public Treasury an amount equal to that raised by Bubaeriptioir. It is believed that our Government will take the same) '-course. ? i . \- ' The English oilobeters finally left Sydney for Mel-, '.bourne last Saturday, and nose baa been received of .'their sale'arrival, lt is said that dirsatisfactlon 'is ex . -jpressed tbero ot the «¡rasping spirit displayed by them. ; 1 'Tte bushranger Vane pleaded guilty at Bttbnrst to four oharges of highway robbery, enl waa-centeneed to tllteen years hard labour on the roads. Thu seventh half-ycaily meeting'of the Sydney Insurance Company was held on Wednesday, and a 'diiidend ot ten per cent, per annum was declared, with ?a bonus ot one shilling per abaro. A deputation waited on the Colonial .8-oratory on Monday, to prêtent o memorial signed by 013 residente ' in Bay mond Terrace and noighbourt ood, praying that a . police magistrate might bc appointed, and that Mr. Jacob, the present C.F.S., might have the offioe. Mr, /'Forster gave the memorialista very little encouragement, and expressed bis doubts wbetbor tbe Assembly would . -sanction tbe appointment of «ny new police magistrates at all. t y. .?...?.;':."! .' Tho bushrangerB, Ben Hall and Morgan, bave again '.been nt work ia ina Southern district, and the papers '?contain aoooants of their marauding exploits ia several ti plaoes,, i. -,A man named George MeBsling was drowned last week \- i-Jn tbe.Glarence district, while endeavouring ta oross the . -Double Swamp on horse.b »ok, in time of flood. ! .News bas been reoeived from Auohland to. ths Sod ' . instant.- A body cf British troops, nader Brigadier ? General Garej, wore repulsed in en attempt lo storm la rebel pa at Orakau, when four men wore kil.'ed, and lour. .-teen wounded, including Captain Bing dangerously. Io ?'Taranaki, the important position ol Kiitake had bean : taken, ss also tho vilUges of Ahuahu, .Te Tuts, and .' another. The obiefs of tho Thames district had eon. ~aented to surrender. The Governmont bad refused to' ..ratify tba contract made by Hr. Crosbie Ward, for a .mail servios via Panama, Gardiner still rcmolnB in custody on tba oharge of ? "being a iJeket.of-loave manabieni from bia diatriot, the ' Government h iviog not yet deoided aa lo tho graver > oharges on which be will eventually ba brought to trial. He was brought np before three magistrates on ' {friday in Darlinghurst Gao', and the oaaawas postponed' .-to Tuesday. Tbs quarterly parade of the Volunteer Artillery and; v Eitles took placo last Saturday, and was comparatively well attended, indicating an intention on the part of the , .members of tba force not to be diabanded. À similar '--spirit has manifested itself at Parramatta and other plaaes. \ Meyerbeer's, splepdld opera, '¡Le Prcphete,", was produce.) oo Monday for tba Aral limo in Australia, by the Lyeter Opera Company, with very great sucosas. . It . . has run the whole, week, and been well attonded. The \- .Governor and Lady Young wero present on Tuesday. ? S:o:k are moving slowly northward from Adelaide towards the now Battlement, and en cnterprleing mail , contractor ia that colony intends establishing overland malt communication, employing camels for the oentral . çortion of the joumoy. It bas been notified by the horns Government that, : «after the Ant ol Joly next, the postage on letters from Groat Britain to any ol tho Australian aolonies aball be -ona shilling, instead of sixpence the half onnoe. The mail from Tuena to Goulburn WIB robbed on Tuesday by three ar mod baabrangers, who led the mail ' hey blindlold Into tho bush, and rifled the bigs. Tho total liabilities in insolvent estates BtqaeBtrotfd in .this aolony from Thursday, 7th, to Wednesday, the 13 b . dnotant, amounted to £7180 12r. ' ld.; assetr, «33003.1s. il.; di,uoienoy,£o0o7 10 .01. The linblHUeB .ranga from £3317 to £31, and the assets frc m £810 1 uo£0. (Coo Escorts delivorod at tho Mint last week the fol- lowing quaotltles of gold :- Biota tho North, 68S ounces \ : ? from the South, 3738 ; and from tho Weat, OBDO ;-total 11,174.opnoes, > ,Tha United Operative Bakers' Aisool.tlon bad their .annual banquet at the Light House Hotel cn Situiday ilaat, and tho festivities passed off very pleasantly, " ' < A man known aa " Darnrnyl' but whose rral nimr waa.John Ward, died in ibo Infirmary on Wedneid.y Jtarn the eflVota of . fall oiusoi by draakenne is. 