Heavv Floods in the Interior. — Wednesday morning we learnt, from a gentleman who had jtut tome down from the Barwan country, that the squab terB and inhabitants along the Lower Namoi and thet Bsrwan have been suffering from a second disastrous flood. The flood of the early part of February, wbich, as will be remembered, was ravaging the country along the whole lice of tbe Namoi absut the esme time as we were suffering from the flood in the Hunter, had cleared off, and the rivers end creeks wi re falling towards their usual levels, when, on the 2.5th February, rain Bgain set in, and it continued (on the Lower Namoi) to fall until the 12th March. During this period the raint were steady, with some times a lull for on hour or two, and sometimes increasing to a heavy downpour for hours together. On the line of the Upper Namoi the rain was lighter, and did not continue so loug, hut from Cox's Creek downwards the rains were of this flood - like character. The result was, as our informaat states, that fearful floods followed along the Lower Namoi, the Barwan, aod their tributary creeks. He believes these were higher in this quarter than were even the severe fioodB of the early part of February, but he was not aware of the exact condition of the settlers and people along the bankB of tbe rivers. When he left, early lest week, the Baiwsu was not approachable within some twenty miles, the pleios being still under water ; and no news had been re. ccived fromWslgett for five weeks. It is hoped, when we learn it, that the reality will not prove so dieastrous as our informant feared, from the appear ai ceB of the country as seen from the ridges. But the long delay since news was received from Walgett, situated et the junction of the Namoi and Barwan, excites very painful anticipations. — Maitland Mercury Tub Distress Relief Movement. — The labours of the Hunter River relief committee are for the time suspended. Unfortunately the reason for suspension is not that the need of assistance is no longer telt ; not that the applications for aid have all been disposed of; not even that the list haB been closed. The reason is want of funds. It is discouraging to those who have taken part in the movement fur the relief of the flood. dietresB to have arrived at such a stage as soon ; and it must be indeed disheartening to the sufferers them selves — to those who have applied for help, and to those who have hitherto refrained from doing so, but who are still, as may well be conceived, looking forward to the possibility of obtaining help from this source, should they be unable unaided to tide over then difficulties — to see their prospects thus prematurely beclouded. As we have said, the list of appeals for relief or assistance has not been closed. Although about two hundred applications have already been leccivcd, the number is daily increasing, and no less then twenty-six were brought to the hon. secretory by last Saturday's post. These applications, moreover, are neither vsgue nor unsupported. Printed forms have been issued, and these, when filled up by- the parties seeking aid, furnish particulars of the numbers in their families, the amount of their losses, the money they have in the banks or elsewhere, the stook, im plements, and unsold produce still in their possession, 1 ti c available money owing to them, and the assistance J leetived from their landlords or others ;? and the cor- g rectness of these particulars is in each case certified, | ss far as may be, by the signatures of two persons of ft known respectability. The bare fact that so large a It number of these applications have already been re- B ceived is in itself evidence of the existence and pres- |f sure of a heavy amount of distress in the district ; buc 3 we are assured by those who have moved about Jf amongst the settlers that the evidence thus afforded if gives a very incomplete view of the privation and 8 want that is now so extensively tell.— Maitland Mer cury, March 24. Hut Accommodation in the Inteeior — Adverting to the movement initiated some time ago in Sydney, I having for its object the providing of better house room for the poorer classes, the Goulburn Herald of Wednesday remarks ; — It is not in Sydney only that people aie suffering from want of sufficient space to live and sleep healthily and comfortably, though there is 110 doubt feat the evil is there at its highest. In the various country towns of the colony, and even in the buih, people are living in houses and hu-s far too small for the accommodation oflhtir number of in mates. True, .that owing to the open situation of these places, sad a consequent abundance of fresh air, ilte pernicious results of the practice are neither so great, nor, as- far as they go, so perceptible as in large towns-; but still the evil is at work. Pent up in a email and ill-ventilated room, can it be expected that four or five human beings can sleep with comfort, or even with impunity 7 Their illness and ultimate death may be ascribed to other and more immediate causes ; but we are convinced that in many cases the disease is properly to be traced to, and in. msny other instances has been considerably aggra vated by tbe practice we are speaking of. It is impos sible to go into the-huts of many of the shepherds in the interior who ore the fathers'of iamilies, without being struck with the total inadequacy of the sleeping accommodation. Frequently have we seen a small room 10 x 10, with walls of corresponding height, made to contain the father, mother, 1 and from two to four children. In the several towns of the country too, the same number are often packed into a similarly small compass. We certainly do not see the evil as yet in a very glaring form, simply because we are prone to overlook things that are not forced prominently on our attention. Still, as we have before said, we believe that a deal of disease arises unsuspected from what we are complaining of. Not only so, hut the morals of children brought up in this way materially suffer. They grow up with a total . want of that sense of delicacy which is so desirable in both sexes, and which, while it iB the greatest orna ment of the maiden and the woman, is their surest safeguard against the evil influences and the tempta tions to which they may be exposed-r-they grow up without even a proper idea of common decency, and. in this respect scarcely one degree above the brutes that perish. A Diabolical Murder. — The Bourke corres pondent of the Bathurst Free Press writes The police magistrate has just returned from a journey of upwards of 100 miles down the Darling, occasioned by tbe report (official) of the body of a man being taken out cf the Darling without the head, which, ac cording to report, must have been severed by violence. The object of the journey was to exhume the body, but whtn the locality was Beached it waB found that the grave was covered with water to a considerable depth; but the journey was not unproductive of re sults ; so much evidence was obtained, it: addition, tc that given in Bourke, that haB justified the committal of a man, of the name of James Stewart, to Bathurst, on tbe charge of murder. Transportation to Swan River — Western Aus tralia thus responds to the decision of the. home Govern ment ' Tbe news brought by the lastmatl (says the. Perth Gazette) of the possible oonoession to the oppogeats el transportation to this oolony, has not had a very de pressing effect* It seems that we are to have twe ships*, or about 600 oonvfots per annum, whioh. is somewhat near the average complement for the past few years. The ; remote contingency that transportation will eventually be. discontinued hi viewed with the calmness common, when, the threatened event is not immediate. It is perhaps thought that in the meantime eome method of raising tbe colony from a etate of lethargy to one of progress may be ; discovered, and that the development of our resources may aitraot Immigrants and oepitah At all events, the disoon tiniiBUce of transportation will at once be followed by self government, and that le oar great dhauoe of tuning our vaat porseeelona to some aooonnt. Tbe limit to. transportation will not be felt. It merely places us in the same position as we were before, and a much larger number of men, unless they were kept fora longer period on pnblie works, or eome freBh outlet for indnstrlu energy was fonnd, would be apt to overstock the labour market.' Orders have been sent already to the shipping ports is fits East to ship noproduoe by either German or Danish VDitssrw, and In the present state of affairs the example, no doubt, will be generally followed. A one-armed peatman waa attaoked by two dogs between Berwick and Fouldsn. The terrible brutes got um down, and would have mangled him severely, but help oamo and they wen driven offi. The poor feuc'w was very ntw°b bitten. 