A. few weeks ago we stated at con siderable length the conditions under which the Government of South Aus tralia proposed to promote the settle- ment ot the .Northern territory recently annexed to that colony, and our readers cannot have tailed to observe that during the last fortnight our Adelaide telegrams have teemed with notices of tho progress being made in this matter of Northern colonisation. The enterprise is far too interesting to entitle us in this colony to disregard its development, and we shall offer no apology for again rocurring to tho subject. Explorers have without an exception declared that Tropical Aus tralia is a country of rich soil and luxuriant vegetation, abundantly wa tered by creeks ana rivers, some of which are navigable by ships for 100 miles inland. If in the progress of time the immense tracts of iertde land on the northern shores of this vast island continent, which are now almost exclusively occupied by wallabies, buffaloes, wild fowl, and equally wild natives, should be tho scene of prosperous pastoral pursuits, of cotton, sugar, and coffee plantations, and of thriving settlements, who is there amongst us who will not rejoice that willing labourers were found for the initiation of this grent design, albeit they were not sought for by us ? The work which South Australia has undertaken is indeed one of no mean importance. " If she does that work well she will be entitled to a high mood of praise and to the thanks of the civilised world ; but if she proves unequal to the task, in addition to the humiliation of failure, she will have to bear the imputation of having been foolhardily ambitious. In plain terms, her efforts must be successful if the trust she sought for and obtained at the hands of the Home Government is to be. fairly justified. We have already given sufficient evidence that it "has not been our de sire to criticise the steps taken in this matter by the Government of the sister colony in any captious spirit. We believe it is their desire to do all that is possible to insure the successful reali sation of the project they have under taken, and that they are already fairly on the rond to that result. I he hrst quarter of million acres of land in the new territory were offered for sale — 125,000 acres in London, and 125,000 acres in Adelaide, on the 1st March, at 7s. Gd. per acre, and the sale is to con clude in each place within twenty-eight .ys. It will, of course, he some nths yet before the result of the ' , don sales can be known, although ssumed, and we believe on good is, that the Manchester mill . i will buy largely for cotton .ing. But in Adelaide nearly ,000 acres have been sold during the 't- fortnight of ihe sale, and prepara- s for the: actual settlement of these . 'i are in active progress, so that l olonisation of the northern coast practically attempted, and it ! : \ains to he ascertained whether Iry will justify the expecta- t . have been formed of it. The '.% of . the pioneers who are ah ' roceed there will be followed vrJ xiety and interest, and they wi'. > re sure, , bear the good wishes .of . , ms with them. Commander T h is under orders to proceed hern coast in the Beatrice, j . ...pose of making surveys, a; ' > 'h Australian Government h\ . '.bartered a vessel of 400 to ; ;onveyance of the Resi- d< : 'nner, the necessary offi- c' ' ' nd labourers, stores, ' j. It is, we believe, v k < these vessels will he cii!.. : i Adelaide some time in Ap : 1 . -mediatefythesiteofthe futu : ; as-h'een selected, surveys will . a j. forward, and buildings erecti quickly as possible. We shall -tow repeat the terms under which lands may be sold or leased. We have already done so, and it is sufficient to say now that they ore of the most liberal character, and emi nently calculated to encourage bona fide settlement. A notable feature of the scheme is that, with the exception of ten per cent, to be retained by the Adelaide Government, to cover the cost of extra . tlferif -there, the Wliolo <f the moneys derived from the new terri tory are- to -be .expended 'upbn it in . developing' the resource's of the country, carry ing'out public works, and afford ing protection to the settlers. The first half million acres of land to he sold will yield something like a quarter of a million sterling to start upon, and this, it must be admitted, will be a very handsome nest egg. The South Australians have a great opportunity in their hands, and it will assuredly bo their own fault if they fnil to im prove it. The amalgamation of the great Liver pool shipping companies, trading with this portion of Australia, which has been announced to us by tho recent mail from Europe, is a fact of much significance, and portends well for the immigration prospects of Victoria. The Black Ball, Engle, and White Star packet companies have long been suc cessfully engaged in the passenger trade between Liverpool and Mel bourne ; and colonists of all ranks and classes have personal knowledge of the many and various advantages enjoyed by those who make the long voyage to and from Europe in the vessels of ' either one or the other of these companies. The tedium and the discomforts whicli are naturally inse parable from so prolonged a passage over sea, are disarmed of more than half their terrors for the landsfolks who confidently commit themselves to the skilful seamanship, the fair and honourable treatment, and tho attentive regard for their welfare, which are ex perienced by the passengers on board the splendid vessels which these com panies have placed upon the great ocean-highway. The formation then of one large combined interest out of the several smaller interests of these separate companies can scarcely he viewed as likely to lead to the disad- vantages with which a monopoly is usually attended in antagonism to the public welfare. The antecedents, as well as the professed objects, of the newly amalgamated companies forbid this supposition. These show that they are fully alive to the fact that their best jolicy is fair dealing with the public on iberal terms. They Lave, in truth, beaten others out of the field by reason of this having been their policy all along, from their first engaging in tho trade. They have succeeded where others failed, solely on this ground. They are not likely, therefore, to depart from their wonted high standard of action, now that they have taken concert for securing the full benefit of their former .good management and liberal dealings with the community. But if no other advantage were to flow to tho public from this union of interests than the continuance of the companies' satis factory conduct of our ocean passenger traffic, the amalgamation would scarcely call for more than a passing notice of the fact. It is far otherwise, however. The combined strength of the newly United Australian and Eastern Naviga tion Company, with its largo capital of L2, 000, 000, with its passenger trade alrpady established, with its wealthy, experienced, and influential body oi directors, gives it the m jnns of accom plishing with ease all that is required to develop, to its fullest extent, the immigration trade between Liverpool and Melbourne. What shipping firms singly, or an ordinary packet-company, could neither attempt nor expect to put in practice in this respect, will be readily accomplished by the new asso ciation, and in a way, too, that will admit of its being alike profitable to the company's own interests and pro ductive of advantage to the public. The need of large and capacious ships — roomy for the accommodation of nume rous bodies of passengers at very moderate rates of fare, and possessing at the same time all the powers of speed which modern science has de vised, has long been felt as the great want of tho ocean passenger trade be tween Europe and Australia. But it was also seen that to satisfy that want in a practical and effective way it was requisite the matter should not bo left to mere theorists, but should rather be tuken in hand by associated capital guided by skill ana experience in ttie business of ocean traffic generally, and by intimate acquaintance with this par ticular line of passenger trade especially. It is the combination of all these requisites in the new association that offers something like a guarantee of its successfully solving this problem, whilst the character of the eminent men who form the hoard of direction gives certain promise that the public will fully share in all the advantages of tho new order of things. One of the names at the head of the list of direc tors is long interwoven witii the pas senger trade between Liverpool and Melbourne, and is intimately connected with former efforts to put that trade on such a footing as would enable the in dependent emigrant of humble means, as well as the wealthy passenger, to look to Melbourne as his des tination, rather than New York. And we haye.no doubt that the Messrs. BmaiiT, of the Binck Ball line, will, in their new sphere of action, see the mutual advantage, to tho company and the; public, of fast-sailing roomy ships filled with large numbers of passengers at low fares, as they did when their proposals on this score were so unwisely passed over by the Imperial and the Colonial Governments, a few years ago. It was ship-owners of similar broad and masterly views who, within tho last quarter of a century, created the vast emigrant traffic between Liver pool ana New York, by making the passage cheap, comfortable, and of short duration, instead of being dear, tedious, and disagreeable. And although we can, of course, scarcely ever expect to see the passen ger-fare to Melbourne as low as it is to New York, from Liverpool, wo may fairly look for some wonderful improve ments in this respect from the opera tions of the new Australian and Eastern Navigation Company, guided by men of the stamp referred to. Every poor ninn who turns his views towards emi gration as the best means of bettering his condition, will not necessarily have to hndrgia'' the humiliation of Government aid in order to reach Australia if this hew shipping company carries out the .ideas to be expected from its origin. To revolutionise the passenger trade to Australia in the senso we have referred to, is, however, the purpose of its existence ; ' and we may fairly congra tulate the colony that the undertaking has been finally and successfully launched. It opens n new era in the prospects of immigration to Victoria. The mysterious steamer whose eccentric movements have since Thursiioy furnished such amide provender to the gobemouches of this city, is now believed on something like gooii grounds to ho the Armenian. The enptain of the Thomas Brown, which vessel arrived nt Ade laide on the 19th, states that his ship nutl the Armenian — the latter bound for Calcutta, left Sydney simultaneously. They parted company olfGabo Island, at which time the Armenian wis steaming very slowly. By way of Sydney a few items of Inter in telligence from New Zealand have reached us. A collision is reported to have taken place be tween the Makctu natives and a tribe residing farther east, in which two — the telegram docs not say ot which party — were killed. Great preparations were being made for nn attack upon the Maori position at Mnungatiawhari, and moro artillery has been scat to the front. The volunteers had complained that the Auckland Government had raised the price of their ration; from 3|d to lid. A report was current that Colonel Willinms was about to visit Australia for tiie purpose of inspecting the Iloynl Ar tillery. AVc have Mauritius pnpers to the 2nd of February. The acting manager of the Govern ment Savings' Bank had absconded, and a warrant bad been issued for his npprelicnsion. The following description ef tiie levanter appears in the Commercial Gazette: — " Name, Thomas O'Toole; stature, low, about fire feet four inches ; hair, dark brown ; upper teeth project ing ; complexion, fair." Saturday was thelast day of tho Nisi Prius sit tings before Easter term. Tho list of cases bonr- ing even numbers was disposed of; but there arc eight " odd numbered" causes which have been made remanets for the next sittings. In the Old Court the actions tried on Saturday were iviciiiuu T iiwiuu JVUi£iei, IIUU iiuimuv Holmes. Tn the New Court the whole of the day was taken up with hearing Bennett v O'Connor. Tho defendant was the weights und measures' inspector for the Melbourne district, and the plnintifF was a butcher in Bourke street east, who alleged Hint he was maliciously prosc- cutid by him (O'Connor) in October last for having unstamped steelyards in his possession. Tbejury gave a verdict for the defendant. The Easter Torm Sittings in Ba< co will be commenced this morning, in tiie Supremo Court, at eleven o'cloek. There arc seven cases on tho list for adjudication to-day. The City Council holds its usual weekly meeting this afternoon, at half-past two o'clock. The business, as set down in tho notice paper, is not very heavy, or likely to lead to much dis cussion The second order is the consideration of the drafts of addresses of congratulation to her Majesty 'the Queen and their Hoyal High nesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, upon the birth of a son to the latter. The tenth order recommends that Messrs Priston and Small, of Little Collins street, bo required to raise by CO feet the chimney of a furnace used by them, for chemical purposes to c irry off the nitrous acid gas evolved, or otherwise that proceedings be instituted to suppress the business as noxious. There are two notices of motion by Ahlermau Hill, the first relating to the returns for exemp tion from city rates, and the second to a reduc tion in the present scale of market dues. The Germans residing in Melbourne, hold a meeting ot the Criterion hotel, to-day, to con sider the Schlcswig-IIolstein question. Accord ing to tho Talbot Leader the Majorca German Association intended to have a demonstration on Saturday, at M'Collum's Creek. That journal says — "There is to be a demon stration by tho Majorca German Associa tion, at M'Calium's Creek township, on Saturday next, in favour of the cause of the Duke of Augustenburg. It is arranged that the Majorca Association, assisted by their brethren at Talbot, Maryborough, M'Calium's Creek, and elsewhere, shall assemble at Mosquito Plat, and march from tbence to a paddock in the neigh bourhood of the -M'Calium's Creek township, where speeches are to he delivered in German) in fuvour of the right of the Duke ef Augusten burg to the Duchies of Schclswig-Holstcin. About a fortnight since it was expected that this demonstration would be a monster affair, and that all the Gcrmau associations in the dis trict would take part in it ; but the absence of any intimation in the meantime from the asso ciation in Melbourne, whose authority appears to extend to all parts of the colony, will prevent the Talbot Association, and most probably that of Maryborough, from taking any further part in the proceedings of next Saturday than as private individuals, consequently tho demon stration is not likely to be a very important one. We are told by a respected resident of this to wn that throughout Germany collections are now being made in aid of the future Augustenburg army, and tlint an appeal is shortly to he made to the Germans ef this colony for assistance towards the same object. One thing is certain tlint the feeling among the Germans of this and neighbouring districts is any tiling hut favourable to the Danish view of the question, and that this feeling will shortly find a lively expression in some central part of the colony, as soon as the assoclat'on of Melbourne gives the necessary in structions to their brethren in the up- country districts." The editor of the Ovens and Murray Adver tiser, according to the accompanying paragraph from that journal, found himself in a very un pleasant predicament recently: — " Wo have of late had a pretty good dose of snake stories, but wo si'arccly expect' (1 sujh a startling surprise as greeted us on Tuesday evening, with regnrd to these venomous reptiles. On that occasion wo visited the editorial desk, and placing in oue hand to take out some paper, we withdrew the said hand with electrical speed, it having come in contact with a" monster bluck snake over five feet long. The unwelcome visitor, wo found on in quiry, had been killed at Rcid's Creek ; and the man who brought it in, to make sure of our seeing it, deposited it in our de-k. We could linve been very well satisfied with his report, without hnving our nerves shocked by the actual presence of llio unplcnsant reptile." The Gcelong Advertiser declares the following as about as amusing a piece of cool impudence, or "cheek," it has seen or heard of for some time: — "A man named David M'Alister sum moned a man named William Smith, residing on Baiiasrat, for assaulting him. Smith seems to have declined nf tending, and he forwordod the following telegram on Thursday afternoon : ' The Beuch of Magistrates, Geeiong. — D. M'Alister versus Smitb. — No money; cannot corafi and appear. W. Smith.' " Tho Beechworth Agricultural Society's Exhi bition took place on the 10th, and with respect to the articles exhibited, was more successful than the sliow of 18G3. The Catisbrook aud Nortii-Westcru I'rovinee Agricultural Society had their show on the 17th, hut to some extent public expectation was disappointed, many of tiie prizes not being competed for. The show of wheat was very fine. The Ararat Agricultural Exhibition took place the same day, and formed one of the most successful that has occurred in that district. The M. A. Mail says: — "Mr Dc-Laey, who is at present in Cnstiemalno, endeavouring to organise n cc.mpnny to test sonic of his patents fcr the disintegration of gold, informs us that lie lias discovered, within a i hart disluneo of Ca-tlo- mainc, earbonafo of magnesia in large quan tities, with but little siliceous compound. Jf tills should prove correct, we have another valunble resource open to us." The list'of oases nt the City Police Court, on Saturday last, although short, was not disposed , of ; until past twelve o'clock, in consequence of the difficulty In procuring a magistrate te open the court, Mr Sturt was engaged nt tho Supreme Court, and it was.net until five minutes to eleven o'clock that .Dr Eadcs, who had been sent for, arrived. Two well-known characters, William Andorson and Peter CInrk, charged as vagrants, were remanded until Tuesday, tlint they might produce evidence as to tho manner in which they had been gaining their liviDg. The number of prisoners in H.M.'s gaol, Mel bourne, on Friday last, the 18th instant, was 184 males, 59 females, wiio were classified as follows : — For trial before the Supreme Court, 13 males, 9 females; before magistrates, 5 males, 0 females; under sentence— road gang, 15 ; hard labour, 83 mnlcs, 7 females ; impri sonment, 45 males, 39 females; lunatics, 2 ; in default of bail, 19 males, 1 female; debtors, 11 moles, 1 female. A woman named CoIIidge, suffering from a fractured leg, wns brought to the hospital yes terday afternoon by tier husband. She was found the previous evening in the hack yard of her house in Catherine street, Richmond, and was under the influence of drink. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser lias tho followingin its publication of the 17th : — " One of the most glaring instances which lias come to our knowledge for some time past, of the mode i« which the law may be prostituted t > serve the purposes not ofjustice but of revengo is the change of venue in tiie case of tho Dyrings who w'th two others were chnrged villi conspiracy to 'defrand the creditors of Waldomar Dyring. Tlioprosecutor in order to prejudice the case and prevent as far as possible witnesses from attend ing on behalf of the accused, mndo some months back a strong affidavit, stating that tiiere was no chance ofafairtriai in Beechworth, inc jusequenco of the influence of the accused and for various other reasons. Last October the matter was discussed by the counsel on both sides l efore his Honour tho Chief Justice, and it was at once decided that there was no reas >n whatever why the case should not be tried in Beechworth. The matter was accordingly and naturally looked on as settled. Fire months had now passed, when two evenings back a summons was served on Messrs Dyring calling on them to attend at the Supreme Couit in Melbourne the next morning. A notice wasgirved on the two others concerned at eleven o'clock tho following Melbourne at ten o'clock that same mean ing, ordering them in fact to travel to Melbourne in an hour less than no time. It seems the Attorney-General had been pre vailed upon to transfer the case from Beechworth to Melbourne, and the prosecutor by a disre putable dodge had hoped to gain a verdict by taking the defendants unawares. Of course the case will lie postponed to give them time to get down to Melbourne, but Die whole proceeding is one of n most objectionable character. That the Attorney-General may possess the legal right to have a criminal case trie 4 where he pleases, we do not disputo. But that he has the equitable right to set aside the Chief Justice's decision after the hearing of counsel on both sides we utterly deny." The following from the Daylesford Express really deserves to be chronicled : — " A crop of oats obtained tills season by John Howe, Esq, of Mount Prospect, evidences the extraordinary adaptability of the land In this district to the above kind of cereal. An area of 10 acres, a portion of a larger field, was sown with Tartarian 6ccd, carefully guarded against mixture. The quantity of seed used per acre was only one bushel, but the return wns not less than 04; bushels per acre, or 941 bushels 151b for llio 10 acres. We may remark that potatoes were last year planted on the same spot. We believe so enormous a return per acre has seldom, If ever, been exceeded." The Baliaarat Evening Post circulates the following 'rumour : — " Should the Ministry carry their present Goldfieids Bill, it is rumoured that Judge Clarke and Mr Birnie, barrister-at- law, will ho appointed to act as assistant judges, in company with a judge of the Supreme Ciurt, as provided by the bill." The bazaar in aid of St. George's Presbyterian Church was re-opened on Saturday evening, in a building formerly occupied as an auction mart, at the junction of Napier with Gertrude street, Fitzroy. The place is admirably suited for such a purpose, and has been well " got up" with flags and banners, among which were thoso of the Coliingwood boroughs aud fire brigades. The stalls, some ten in number, were small, but well packed and tastefully arranged, the wares displayed being chiefly ornamental, and tho prices asked remarkably moderate- indeed far below what are generally understood to be bazaar charges; A gallery provided a suitable promennde to persons not commercially inclined, and who wished to enjey the musical entertainment undisturbed by the importunities of the fair emissaries of the various stalls. There was no flower stall, r.or was the machinery of that terror of gentlemen visitors, a post-office put in motion — tho object of the bazaar being apparently to get rid of the large stock of goods remaining over from the Eastern hill Fancy Fair, at such prices as to render a resort to auction unnecessary. The attendance was moderately numerous, but the business done' lu the way of trade trifling, the concert with which the bnznar was opened seeming to interest me visitors most. Mr Henry King, who pre sided at the piano, acted as conductor, and the vocalists included Miss Mortley, Mr W. H. Williams, Mr Harper, anil Mr King, who were- all extremely well received, Miss Mortley b. ing a special favourite, Of course, nt bazaars, singers are heard to some disadvantage, although, en Satur day evening, they had no reason to complain of want of attention, except, perhaps, in one instance, where the excltcmentoversomeraffling going on militated against the cfTect of Miss Mortiey's vocalisation. The bazaar, we obiervo, Will remain open every evening this week, with the exception of Good Friday ; azd the concerts connected with tho "fair," combined with tho small charge for admission," will no doubt ensure the attendance of those residents of Coliingwood who bavo scruples about enjoying music in mere public places of entertainment. The Indies of Flemingtou purpote having a tea meeting, on Tuesday, the 22nd instant. They have been actively engaged for a short time past in preparing for a baznitr, the pro ceeds of which will be devoted to building a temperance hall. The Ararat Foresters celebrated their second anniversary on Tuesday evening, by a ball and banquet, at tiie Court-house hotel. Oar Sydney telegram informs us that in con sequence of the heavy rain which fell oh Satur day, the grent cricket match was postponed uu'ii to-day. In consequence of the cold aud somewhat winterly weather, on Saturday nfternoon, tiie attendance at the swimming matches at St. Hilda was very meagre, and the advertised sports were consequently not proceeded with. A pair-oared race, rowed by members of the Leander Club, took place on the Yarra, on Satur day afternoon. The crews consisted of Messrs Gaunson and VVallan against Messrs Buchanan and Kipling, and the course was from the Wil lows to the Botanical G jxlens Bridge. After a very s ood race, ths first-named crew were ad judged the winners. In reference to the performances at the Hnymarket Theatre, a correspondent suggests the propriety of gentlemen who visit the dress circle, and are afflicted with creaking boots, retaining their seats as long as possible, as the discord their movements produce diverts to a most disagiecable extent the rttention of tho audience from the performances on the stage. If thcro is nheaveu on earth, it is on a soft oouch by your fireside, your wife on one side, and a smiling baby on tho other, a olear con science, and a Unowledjo tliut you are out ot debt, and don't fear tho sheriii'. 