S U M M AR Y EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The third Parliament of Victoria, and the first which has died a natural death, will be formally dissolved on Friday next. This Parliament commenced its sittings on the 30th of August, 1863. Mr. Heales was then in office. It has seen a long reign of the O'Shanassy party, and its close leaves Mr. Lleales's friends again in power, associated, however, with the more Conservative party headed by Mr. M'Culloch, and under his leadership. The great business to which it addressed itself was the settlement of the land question. We owe to it the Duffy Land Act of 1862, and all the repeated attempts that have since been made to amend that unhappy piece of legislation and we may say for the result of Parliament's protracted labours in building up artificial theories on the land question, that it has left the state of the law on the subject much worse than it found it. These successive efforts and successive failures, however, have convinced all parties that mere whims and ingeniously speculative plans of land settlement must be abandoned. The plain issue which will be put to the country in the forthcoming elections will be the return to the auction system, pure and simple, that the lands of the Crown may bring to the Treasury precisely the amount which they are worth. Co- ordinate with that topic will be the project of a Land-tax which is fast gaining consistency in the minds of that portion of the community which has taken to reason upon the phenomena of absenteeism and monopoly, their causes, and their cure. What steps it may be necessary to take to check the operations of the speculator under such a system will not be difficult to discover. In the struggle over this question, the present Parliament has seen the breaking down of the health of two members, prominent in the debates, who began their private as well as their public career in the colony almost at the same time, and who, we fear, will not again take their places on the political platform. We allude to Mr. Nicholson and Mr. Heales. The former is well known in connexion with the ballot question, and he gave his name to the first Land Bill passed (in 18 GO) by the Parliament of Victoria. Mr. Heales is scarcely less known, for his persistent efforts in favour of free selection, until his experience in office convinced him of the impracticability, if not of the unsound ness, of his theoretical views on the subject. To the expiring Parliament we owe many useful measures. Among these the chief are, the Local Government Act, the Municipalities Act Amendment Act, the Civil Service Act, and the Electoral Act Amendment Act. These measures were carried through by the Government of which Mr. O'Shanassy was the head. To the present Government we owe a variety of useful laws consolidation and amendment bills though we must charge the Ministry with the commission of a grave mis- take in the manner in which they have administered the Immigration Bill introduced and carried by their predecessors. It is probable that a considerable change will take place in the representation of the constituencies in next Parliament. It is understood that a number of members will not seek re-election. Among these is Mr. Duffy, who retires for the time being from political life, and proposes to revisit his native land at the close of the year. Mr. Ireland, Q.C., Attorney General in the Heales and O'Shanassy Governments-also retires, to follow his profession more closely than Parliamentary life permitted. The operation: of the Electoral Act may also have a not unimportant influence on the elections. Its provisions for the regulation of elections will probably assist in securing, in some instances, a better class of representatives and as the influence of the stump has thoroughly exhausted itself in this colony, then is every reason to believe that the fourth Parliament of Victoria will be more Conservative in feeling than over that which voluntarily restricted the franchise and introduced an educational test. It is anticipated that the writs for the new elections will be issued in August and September next, and that the new Parliament will assemble towards the close of the last-named month. The motion submitted to the Assembly by Mr. Kyte, in favour of a vote to defray the passage money of a certain number of expirees annually from this colony to the mother country, was discussed on the 11th inst, and supported by several prominent members, including Mr. O'Shanassy, Mr. Duffy, and Mr Haines. The proposition was with drawn, but not before it had evoked a strong expression of feeling against the continuance of transportation at any portion of Australia. It was admitted that the object proposed to be gained by the adoption of the course recommended by Mr. Kyt would be achieved if the landing of few expires at Plymouth or Graveson brought practically before people a home a sense of the evil they propose t afford us so freely. Giving and receiving in such a matter as this are essentially different things. The landing of even a small body of emigrants at London docks of this most undesirable class would raise such a storm r would certainly support, in the strongest possible manner, the ol jections we raise to the transference of the same class to our shores, alto gether uninformed by prison discipline If such a thing as reform is possible under the influence of gaol regulation The expression of opinion given by the Assembly-the mere discussion of such proposition in Parliament however, will probably serve our: hopes. The ma will also carry borne intelligence which will show that our dislike to the continuance of transportation is based on the highest grounds, and the purest regard for the force of Victoria, as well as of the Australasian colonies generally. The state of public feeling in New South Wales is the best evidence that could be adduced of the baneful effects of the system. The sins of the fathers are there visited on the children, to the third and fourth generations. The popularity of the bushrangers, the immunity they enjoy, the assistance they receive from the people, the character of the crimes tried at the circuit as well as the central courts, are all abundant testimonies, of a most depressing character, to the evil influence of the leaven of convictism. The feeling evidenced by the people in Sydney on the acquittal of Gardiner-the scene in court, and the arrest and committal for contempt which followed appears to extend throughout the colony, in every corner of which the police baffled in their efforts to suppress robbery under arms, by the sympathy felt for the marauders by a people who seem to share the feelings of these lawless men. The mail will also convey intelligence of a change of feeling in Western Australia on the subject. Dr. Hampton, the present Governor of that colony-for reasons only known to him- self-has declined to send to Her Majesty a memorial offered to him by a numerous body of subscribers, praying for the suppression of transportation. The memorialists stated their conviction that the continuance of transportation was attended by present, as well as prospective, evils, and pointed out that free immigration had ceased, while all of the working classes who had the means were leaving the settlement for other colonies. The poison of transportation was slowly but surely sapping the vital strength of the colony. in refusing to transmit this memorial Dr. Hampton has assumed a heavy responsibility. It is a wilful effort to suppress the free expression of opinion in the colony, and to keep Her Majesty in ignorance of the feelings of at least a large number of her subjects in Western Australia-a course for which, it is hoped, he will be called to a severe reckoning. It is admitted in Perth itself that convicts cannot be prevented escaping from the colony, while expirees and ticket-of-leave men from that quarter are constantly making their way to the eastern settlements. The only plea, indeed, for the retention of the system is the Imperial expenditure it occasions. We shall be able to lay before the English public the true state of public feeling in Western Australia on this subject very shortly. A representative of this journal, well qualified for the task, is now in that colony, investigating the question in all its bearings. His letters will probably appear in The Argus in time for transmission by the July mail. Meanwhile, we repeat the strong and unalterable protest of this colony against the continuance of transportation to any portion of Australia. A question will be put to the Government in the Assembly this evening, on the subject of the mail communication with England, and more especially with reference to a fortnightly service. The matter has not been discussed by the Cabinet, and we are unable to say what view the Government will take. The Panama mail contract, however, is likely to be ratified by the New Zealand Government, and events will force us into fortnightly communication with Galle ere long, whatever may be the present intention of the Ministry. The northern expedition has sailed from Adelaide, for Adams' Bay, on Van Diemen's Inlet, on the northern coast. Two vessels proceeded by the western, and one by the eastern route. We may also note that the telegraphic wire is being rapidly stretched northwards towards Cape York, through the eastern settlements in Queensland. The war in New Zealand still proceeds. The rebels, who fled from Maungatautari crossed to Tauranga, on the east coast, and were there strongly reinforced. At a position known as the Gate Pa they endured a bombardment of nine hours' duration, lying in pits in the pa covered with boughs and when charged and driven out by a party of the 43rd Regiment and seamen detached for the purpose, were forced back again by the 58th Regiment, who were in their rear. A panic then seized the small attacking force, which fled, despite the efforts of the officers, leaving Colonel Booth, of the 43rd, dying in the pa, and Captain Hamilton, of the Esk, Captain Hay, of the Harrier, and many other officers dead. The Maories deserted the place on the same night and afterwards sustained a severe defeat, with the loss of about a hundred of their number, at the hands of the Arawas, a friendly tribe, who outstripped a portion of the 99th Regiment (sent to their support in the march, and had overpowered the enemy, with the loss only of their own chief, before the soldiers arrived. The salmon acclimatising experiments proceeds successfully. Over a hundred of the spawn have come to life in the ice-water pans at the Ice Company's works, North Melbourne and at the latest dates from. Hobart Town all was going well with both the salmon and trout ova in the ponds of the River Plenty. In last month's summary we had the sofa faction of chronicling the arrival of the Norfolk with the salmon ova on board, and since that date considerable attention had been given to the further progress of the experiment. It is gratifying to be able to say that there is every likelihood that the efforts made to introduce the salmon t< Australian waters will at length be crowned with complete success. The intelligence received from Tasmania from time to time is of the most encouraging character, and there 1 ample reason for belief that at no very distant date the salmon will no longer be a stranger to the Derwent. The removal of the ova at the ponds prepared for its reception was a< accomplished without mishap and since the: numbers of the living fish salmon and trout, in separate ponds-have made their appearance It may be remembered that a few of the boxes containing ova was retained bore for experiment, and we are glad to say that in our own CBBO OIBO there he been a comparatively large measure of sur cess. Up to the present moment there has been somewhere about 120 births 5 and 6 fish which have escaped from their birt bags are apparently in good health and like to live. It will be seen, therefore, that at a ultimate success of the undertaking an almost be looked upon as assured, and the fact will no doubt be scarcely less ' , gratifying to home readers interested in the acclimatisation of the salmon than it is to the people of the Australian colonies. While on this subject we may s say that the Acclimatisation Society of this colony is extending its sphere of usefulness in a manner likely to lead to important result). It has appointed from its own body a Fishery Committee, whose duties will be to collect and leportuponnll available information with reference to the varieties, habits, the seasons and qualities, of our marketable fishes," with a view of COURts that bitter development may be made of one of our principal sources I of wealth, and also by way of introduction to any measure to he hereafter taken for the importation of fish from other countries. The committee so appointed have already commenced operations by drawing up a series of questions relating to the objects of their inquiry. These questions will of course be extensively circulated among all who are likely to have any knowledge of ten or fishing, and if, as no doubt will be the case, the invita- tion of the committee to supply information , is fully responded to, their labours will lead to results of importance to Victoria Amongst the more prominent questions of the day is that of the desirability or otherwise of establishing a branch mint in Melbourne. The subject has been more than once under consideration, and was revived in the Legislative Assembly on Monday evening by the Commissioner of Customs (Mr. Francis;, who submitted in committee of the whole House the following resolution :-" That the establishment in Victoria of a branch of the Royal Mint would be beneficial to the mining community and advantageous to the state. That inasmuch as the Treasury minute of 5th November, 1860, states that there are no grounds upon which Her Majesty's Government could refuse compliance with an application for the establishment of a mint at Melbourne subject to the same limitations as the mint at Sydney, it is desirable to conform to such limitations and renew the application? formerly made to the Imperial Government." The discussion which followed was a very brief one, and as members generally are in favour of the establishment of a b each mint, the motion was carried without opposition. The drainage of the city is a question which has come under consideration at intervals ; but, while its importance has been recognized, no decision had up to the present time been arrived at as to the best means of effecting the object in view. The subject has recently been brought immediately under the notice of the corporation through the action of one of its members, and it is possible that some practicable scheme may at length be devised for the much- needed drainage of our streets. In view of the forthcoming general election, considerable interest is manifested in reference to the practical working of the Electoral Act introduced by the late Administration, and recently passed into law. Fro in a lengthy return which was laid before Parliament a few evenings back, it is apparent that the effect of the act, so far, has been to reduce considerably the total constituencies of both the Upp' r and Lower Houses. The constituency of the Council is now 8982, instead of 10,723 as formerly, while in the case of the Assembly the reduction has been from 178,632 to 120,829. As regards individual constituencies, the greatest decrease in connexion with the Council has been in the Central Province, while for the Assembly the Crow- lands district as the one most affected. There the decrease is remarkable, the number of voters in 1862 having been 17,317, while under the now act only 3,101 names have been registered, the result showing a decrease of 14,246 votes. It is expected that the operation of the act in that and other respects will lead to considerable changes in the representation of the country in the next Parliament. The retirement of Mr. Ireland, Q C, one of the members for Villiers and Heytesbury, occasioned a vacancy in the Assembly, and there were two candidates for the seat, namely-Mr. Macgregor, a local auctioneer, and Mr. P. J. Martin, brewer, of Melbourne. The former was successful in carrying off the rather barren honours, seeing that the present Parliament is likely to last only a few days more. He was returned by a majority of forty-five. One of the " landmarks " of the colony will soon have become a thing of the past. But man's hill, so named after one of our earliest settlers, has been in course of removal for some time, and in a very few weeks more the last portion of it will have given way under the levelling hands of the colonial navy. The removal of the hill was; undertaken by the Government in order to give facilities for direct railway communication between the river wharfs am the Government lines of railways. The green knoll on which some dozen years ago the military band was in the habit of playing on summer evenings will soon give place to large and commodious goods sheds, erected In connexion with the Spencer street Station. The work of removal was commenced by the contractors, Messrs. Overend, Robb, and Co, in November last, and they have nearly half accomplished their task. The contract price was £24,240 10s. 91 and the earth removed will measure about 826,000 cubic yards. It was supposed that a large portion of the hill was rock, but luckily for the contractors who are, there fore, large gainers-it consisted of rotten Eton o and pipeclay, beneath a bed of quartz; gravel seven feet thick. In the course of excavation small masses of meteoric iron and several quartz specimens specked with gold, have been discovered. The contractor Etty that the place was honeycombed with wombats' holes, the marks of class in being visible in the tunnels. The number of men employed on the work is about 200 and the rate of pay 6s, per day of ten hours' work, the supply of labour being plentiful. \- Parliament having determined that new metropolitan lunatic asylum should be built on a site fixed upon at Port and that two country asylums should be built, the one at Beechworth and the other at Ararat, preparations are being made to carry out these resolutions A commission composed of Government officials, is at precent engaged in visiting different parts c Ararat and the Ovens, with the view of rain upon the most eligible sites for the asylums. The present Government obtained a vol come time ago for the erection of a Govern ment House for the colony in the reserve opposite the Barracks), and tenders have now been invited for the work. Hitherto of Governors have been located at Toorak, residence leased for their accommodation. Rapid progress is being made in the construction of the line from Sandhurst 1 Echuca, and at an early date we shall be able to boast of a railway direct from Melbourne to the Murray. There are now only son: eighteen miles of rails to lay, and there are a engineering difficulties of importance to over come. The erection of the station at Echuca has been commenced. The first locomotive (Davies' patent) constructed at Ballarat has just been con- pleted at the Soho Works for the Great Northern Railway, Southland, New Zealand From New Zealand we have lately he mining intelligence of considerable in portance. A new gold field has been discovered on the Wakamarina River, in the province of Marlborough, and report spell well of the prospects of the minors ther There has been a rush to the new field, an several of the intercolonial steamers Souchays, the Claude Hamilton, the Gothoi burg, &c.; have already been engaged in the trade which the discovery has opened up. The Paid Naval and Military Forces Bill introduced by the Government, and passed in the Assembly, was believed to have been defeated in the Council, a motion made by Mr. Fellows in committee that the chairman leave the chair having been carried The object Mr. Fellows had in view was to throw out the bill, which proposes to create what he denominated a "Boer army and navy, in order that steps should be taken to obtain the presence of a certain number of Imperial troops. Mr. Hervey, to Commissioner of Public Works, intimate however, in the Council, on Monday evening that he would move that the bill he restore to the paper at the same stage as when it w previously under discussion. It was convenient for him, he said, to take that course and the Government desired to pass the me sure, because its rejection would upset the whole scheme for the defence of the colony. A bill to prevent the fraudulent use of the marks has been passed through all its stag by both Houses of Parliament, A bill to pr vide for the drainage of land is also among the measures which will receive the Hoy assent before the close of the session. The resolutions in favour of the imposition of a land tax, submitted by Mr. L. Smith, one of the members for South Bourke, in the Assembly on Friday evening More withdrawn, after a brief discussion, the course of which it was pointed out to t moved that, while it might be advisable adopt a land tax, the resolutions in their the Shape would be impracticable in actual work ing. The Minister of Lands, Mr. Heales, cc tlnucB in a very unsatisfactory state of health, and it is feared that his recovery will at the best be a work of time. The shilling subscription for a bridal gift to Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales has resulted in a fund amounting to £308. Nine different designs for the gift were submitted to the committee, and the one selected is a centre- piece of an appropriate character. From a rocky mound, covered with specimens of Australian flora and fauna,, spring! a fern two, the stem of which is gracefully entwined with vine tendrils. The fern tree will be of gold, and will support a bowl of burnished silver. The birds, rock work, and foliage, will be of frosted silver. The whole will stand on a tripod of blackwood, silver-mounted, and exhibiting shields, for arms and inscription, as also specimens of auriferous quartz. The work will contain forty ounces of eighteen-pence gold, and 500oz. of St. Arnaud silver. It will cost £300, and the contractors undertake to execute it within iv 6 months. A new Punch is about to be established in Sydney. Mr. Grace, of cricketing fame, takes his departure in the mail steamer on Thursday. Yesterday an interesting cricket match took place on the Lonsdale Cricket-ground, the players being an eleven under the captaincy of Mr. Grace and an equal number of players under the leadership of Mr. Caffyn. In the evening Mr. Grace was entertained at dinner by the members of the Lonsdale Club and others. For some time past there has been quite a dearth of shipping in the bay, arrivals being retarded by the northerly and easterly winds which have prevailed. Yesterday, being the Queen's Birthday, was observed as a general holiday. The volunteers made a demonstration in honour of Her Majesty and the Governor held a levee, which was numerously attended. The Madras sails on Thursday at the usual hour with the mails for England and the East. ANTI-TR ANSPO STATION. One of the most animated debates of the present Parliamentary session took place in the Legislative Assembly on the 11th inst., the occasion being the motion brought forward by Mr. Ambrose Kyte, member for East Melbourne, with the view of securing a vote of £5,000 for the purpose of defraying the cost of sending expiree convicts (not exceeding 300 in number) to Great Britain during the present year. In submitting his motion, Mr. Kyte said he was constitutionally disposed to the attitude of petition and supplication ; but it could not be forgotten that all the protests which had been sent home against transportation to Australia had been received with something akin to a sneer, and it would appear that the prospect of the abolition of the grievance was as distant as over. He hoped that the mere passing of the motion would have the effect of inducing the Imperial Government to retrace its steps, and lead to the discontinuance of transportation to Australia once and for ever. The Chief Secretary, has opened evidently by his responsibilities, while admitting the importance of using every li gi tim ate and proper means to secure the abolition of transportation, deprecated the pressing of the motion at a moment when negotiations were still pending with the mother country. Already a legislative re- monstrance against the intentions of the Imperial Government had been forwarded to England. If an unfavourable answer were given to that remonstrance, it would then be the duty of the Government to suggest Borne course of action to the House. The next speaker was Mr. W. C. Haines, who submitted that the disposition manifested by the House of Commons showed that further remonstrance was neales. The time had now arrived for action. It was not to be supposed that the Imperial Legislature, having passed a measure relating to transportation, would be disposed to repeal it in the next session. And there was no guarantee that the number of convicts sent annually to Australia would be limited to 600. He should vote for the motion, if only to show his detestation of the cool outrage about to be perpetrated on the whole of the Australian colonies. The Attorney-General (Mr. Higinbotham) took a somewhat different tone. He suggested the withdrawal of the motion, at all events until they were aware of the manner in which the resolutions adopted by the Legislature in March last were received in England. The leader of the Opposition a ( Mr. O'Shanassy) insisted that the determination of the British Government was sufficiently conveyed by the report of the debate which took place in the House of Commons, on the introduction of Sir George Grey's bill in February; and urged that the resolutions sent home in March contained nothing additional to what had previously been forwarded to the Imperial authorities in the shape of remonstrance. He saw no practical difficulty in the way of carrying out the resolution, because a few convicts could be sent home by every ship which left Melbourne. The Minister of Justice (Mr. Michie) stated that the address which went home in March contained a distinct and unequivocal intimation as to what the Government proposed to do in the event of their representations proving unavailing. Mr. O. Gavan Duffy urged that it was necessary to adopt some such motion as that proposed, if only to show the depth of the feelings of the people of Victoria on this question. Such a motion would have the effect of awakening the people of England to the conviction that transportation to Australia was an intolerable wrong, which must not be continued. Among the speakers who followed was Mr. J. S. Johnston. This gentleman expressed the opinion that after the pledge which had been given by the Chief Secretary, that the Government would be prepared to adopt other measures if they did not receive a favourable reply to their last remonstrance, the country might consent to postpone action. In answer to this suggestion, Mr. Kyte intimated his readiness to withdraw the motion, at the same time declaring that, if elected to the next Parliament, and if the Government that n declined to take up the subject, he would table a similar proposition. The motion was then withdrawn. THE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND. The hopes of a speedy close to this protracted war, in which we all indulged when the April mails left us for England, have received a severe blow. We had then to speak disparagingly of the behaviour of a portion of the 40th Regiment; but our main regret was that the punishment our troops inflicted was not severe enough. Later details fully exonerate the gallant 40th, and show that the escape of the rebels was an accident, for which they were not responsible. Now, however, we have to tell of repulse, if not defeat. Shortly after the date of our last summary we received news from the front up to the 13th inst, when the campaign was erroneously declared closed for the winter, and the sailors and marines ordered to return to their ships. William Naylor, too, it was said, had returned from the rebel camp, bringing with him three of the principal chiefs, including Hapuroni, and fourteen others, who surrendered, and afterwards obtained permission to return and induce their whole tribes to make their submission and rumours had reached Auckland that Thomp- son and his tribe were about to surrender. " One slight skirmish was reported to have taken place at Tauranga, but only one Maori was said to have been shot. Our next news was more serious. There had been a skirmish at Maketu, where four soldiers were wounded a rebel attack was hourly expected ; Rewi was reported alive and unhurt; and the Maori CB had a white flag on the first pa, and red ones flying on the others. By private advices from Taranaki up to the 21st April, we learnt that an expedition, consisting of 600 troops, with Armstrong guns, and about fifty drays, left Taranaki on the 19th, to destroy the crops of the Maories. On the following day, large numbers of horses were taken from the rebel?, and sent into town. There had also been some fighting, as wounded men had come in, and the officer commanding at Taranaki had chartered the steamer Susannah Cuthbert, and, with Bold Beau and guns, had proceeded thirty miles along the coast to endeavour to effect a landing, but did not succeed. It was also stated that the Taupo tribe, of the Lake district, had suffered at Orakau, and were in open rebellion and it was significant to find that the natives who were to have tendered their submission at head-quarters had not an i ved- only some thirty deserters to the King's party from Naylor's own tribe, who brought with them one old musket. They said Thompson would not surrender; and 200 men of the 70th have been despatched to operate against par in the built at the rest of Maungatautari. What proved to be the most important fact of all was, that the disaffected tribes who escaped from Orakau and other post during the eight of the leith had built a large pa at Tauranga, and hoisted a red flag. The 68th were waiting orders to attack the enemy and it was clearly made out that while the Maori negotiations, which were a mere ruse, were going on, King trans feared the rebel forces to the east coast, where other disaffected natives joined. The Waikato campaign was declared fruitless, and General Cameron and the troops embark ked for Tauranga, where they landed safely. Next came the news of a reverse to the British arms. On Monday, April 25, General Cameron reached Tauranga, and at once set off for Miketu. Here the rebel pa was shelled, and the Maories fled. General Cameron then returned to Tauranga, and got the guns, including a 150 pound Armstrong, ashore. The Maories seemed in great force, but the troops quietly prepared for attack. On the morning of the 27th, the 68th and 70th flying column, under command of Colonel Greer, with two Armstrongs, left Tepapa for the Maori posi- tion the Gate pa, situated on a hill crest, surrounded by rifle-pits and a rail fence, with swampy approaches. The second pa was a thousand yards in the roar. General Cameron having made a reconnaissance, the aid, the Naval Brigade, Royal Engineers, and heavy battery, took positions; and during the 28th preparations for the attack were completed. The rebel force numbered about 800, chiefly Tauranga natives. General Cameron remained in the field all night. At daylight the troops commenced a flank movement from the batteries, with the view of di vol ting attention, but the rebels discovered them, and opened fire. Thirteen heavy guns commenced a bombardment in reply, which lasted nine hours, breaching the rebel works. A number of the Maories having been seen retreating, the 68th pursued them, discovering a road through the swamp to a position enfilading the rifle-pits. General Cameron then determined to storm the pa, and the cannonading was therefore quickened. Equal forces of sailors and marines, and of the 43rd, formed the for lern hope. Captain Hay, of the Harrier, seeing the rebels leaping from cover, met them with a withering fire and the troops advanc- ing at the double, carried the breach and entered the pa, cheering, amid rolls of musketry. General Cameron Immediately despatched supports, under Captain Hamilton, of the week. They arrived at a critical moment. Captain Hay had been mortally wounded, in the stormers, without a commander, were facing a murderous fire from all sides and from beneath them. Hamilton sprang on the parapet, shouting, "Follow me, men!" and dashed into the fight. He was shot through the brain instantly, many officers sharing the same fate. Amid the smoke, a few moments afterwards, a large body was seen pouring through the breach. The stormers had been repulsed. The 68th Regiment olBOWas compelled to retire. Thrice the men advanced, but with the same result. General Cameron immediately re-formed the broken columns, and sent for supplies, and every available man from Tauranga. The firing continued till nine or ten o'clock at night on the 20th. Soon after that hour Major Greaves discovered that the pa was evacuated. Next morning, on entering, about forty dead and wounded Maories were found inside; and also Colonel Booth, of the 43rd, mortally wounded. Our losses comprised twenty-six killed and seventy-eight wounded, as follow Curacoa Lieutenant Hill, James Harris, and five wounded. Miranda-Mr. Watts, killed; Lieutenant Hammick and eight wounded. Esk Captain Hamilton, W. Leigh, R. Father, William Dalton, killed; Lieutenant Duff, and ten wounded. Harrier- Henry Clarke, George Young, Andrew Greenhow, killed. Commander Hay mortally, and five seamen, wounded. Eclipse-Sergeant Harding, killed. Troops.-68th- Sergeant Hanney, killed; fourteen privates wounded. 43rd -Colonel Booth, Captains Glover, Muir, Hamilton, Atterton, Lieutenant LinglandB, Sergeant- Major Vance, Privates Fitzgerald, Lane, Holbrash, Gooff, Hornby, Btadhnrst, Travers, Phelan, killed; Lieutenant Glover. Eu sign j CIaikandNichols,foursergeantf>, and eighteen pi i vates, wounded, lath. - Sergeant Armstrong, and three privates wounded. 25th. One wounded. 12th. Two wounded. Many of the wounded are not expected to recover. The rebel loss was sixty-five killed. This news caused great sensation at Auckland, being the first unsuccessful move General Cameron has made; and it was scarcely an alleviation of the pain this caused to learn that, on the 30th April, 300 Maories Bur rounded Sentry-hill, at Taranaki, attacked the redoubt, and were repulsed by Major Butler, with heavy loss, thirty-three dead being brought in. The total Maori loss was estimated atlOO.lncludingPaiengaKingj, their most savage louder. The news we have since received has been unimportant. It appears that the rebels managed to retreat to Wairoa pa, a new position almost impregnable and permitting retreat despite military precautions and from the Gate pa we learn that the defeat was caused by the retreating Maories being driven back by the soldiers. The storming party supposed them to be re- inforcements, ond a panic ensued. The pa is now occupied by the flying column. Another correspondent asserts that the Maories at the Gate pa were at the mercy of the soldiers. They could not rise to fire without being exposed to the chance of being bayonetted in the neck or breast. All the soldiers who fell were killed in flight, and the officers while trying to rally them. Not one Maori was bayonetted. Since this engagement, the AruwBS, a friendly tribe, have given the rebels a severe defeat at Mateku. The latter lost 100 in killed and wounded, and the former had only one man- Blackham, their chief-killed. (FROM THE NEW ZEALANDER, MAY 7.) H.M.S.S. Falcon arrived from Tauranga yesterday morning, and by her we learn that the bodies of one or two more natives had since been found in the swamps, and one of these wounded had died in the hospital. The 68th Regiment had orders to hold themselves in readiness to march on Friday, and the general impression was that an attack was intended to be made on the new position of the Maories ; meanwhile the old pa the scene of the late conflict, has been pulled down, the trenches filled up. and a redoubt erected on the spot. The Falcon has brought up despatches and a Maori prisoner from the Tauranga district, who asBert*¡hebasnot been fighting, and ia Wrongfully made a prisoner. Mr. Rice, of the Native department, went out in company with a few natives, in search of dead natives, when, after a long search, they came upon the remains of a chief named To Pluharangi. The body was found some considerable distance from the Gate. It was so extensive that a hole was dug and the b )dy S placed in it. This chief belonged to the Fgatcrangi tribe, and though a person of great hirth, never took any prominent load in Maori affairs. He is well spoken of by the old settlers as having been a very quiet, in- offensive character. (FROM THE SOUTHERN CROSS, MAY 6.) We understand that official despatches have been received, confirming to the fullest extent the particulars of the loss sustained by the rebels at the great native fight at Matata. At least 100 of the rebels were either killed or wounded, and the victory was as decisive as it possibly could have been. THE GOLD FIELDS. The discovery of a new gold-field in New Zealand has had no influence as yet on the mining population here. The accounts received during the next week or two will probably determine whether there is to be another exodus ; but this is not the time of year for a large movement of the kind, and our miners are just now very generally engaged in profitable work, so that the accounts must be very good indeed to induce many of them to migrate before the spring comes round again, at which season it takes but little to set one-half of them on the move. According to a summary from the reports of the different mining surveyors, lately presented to Parliament, there were during the last quarter 45,017 Europeans and 23,396 Chinese employed on alluvial ground, besides 15,089 Europeans and 13 Chinese engaged in quartz-mining, or 83,545 in all. To aid in working the alluvial claims there were 802 steam engines of 4,009 horse power. 4,009 puddling-machines, 438 whims and pullies, 144 horse whips, 113 horse pumps, 740 sluices and toms, 208 water wheels, 12 machines for crushing washdirt, as well as a large number of sluice boxes and other things of less importance ; while the quartz miners had 444 steam-engines of a total of 7,CG7-horso power, as well as twenty one water-wheels, driving fifty-eight crushing mills ; 268 whims and pullies, and the pumps, whips, c, needed in this branch of mining. The whole of tho mining plant was estimated to be worth approximately about £1,448,301, an amount steadily increasing, but still very small as representing the fixed capital em- ploy! din aiding to raise so many millions north of gold annually. The discoveries made during the past month have not been of any especial importance. A deposit, bearing very much the appearance of a new lead, has been struck at Inglewood, where there has been little or no alluvial mining for some time past, and the usual number of patches and continuations of old Trade have been opened in different places. The only spot which was expected to cause a large rush is near Dunolly; but although a considerable extent of ground proved, to be auriferous, the gold is widely scattered, and mostly in pieces from a few pennyweights up to twelve or thirteen ounces each, so that the yield is very uncertain, and unless one or more leads should be struck the workings are not likely to assume a permanent Character. Lai ga rushes are not, however, much to be desired, causing as they do so many to bjcoixu idlers for longer or shorter periods and the miners generally have plenty of work before them for the winter, Raywood being the only place still suffering from a scarcity of water. A fair proportion of new reefs have been discovered, those of most prominent being on the Gipps Land side of the ranges. Crushing machines are being gradually got up to and erected on those of older date : but the yields, though goods, have not in all cases answered the anticipations of the too sanguine claim holders. Sixoreightounces to the ton all round was the yield talked of at Mount Useful before the crushing-mill were erected, but a return from there shows that the yield from. 1,169 tons of stone, put through those mills in six months, was only 3,493oz. 3dwt., or an average of rather more than 212. 15dwt. to the ton less than half the lowest estimate previously formed. And the same thing is happening at Wood's Point, on the other side of the dividing range, where speculators seemed to expect that the few very high yields they heard most about were to be the" rule, not the exception, the increase of crushing power proving, however, most unmistakably that when a larger quantity of stone from even the best of claims has to be put through the mill, the yield must decline in proportion; also that claimS, even though very near together, are not always equally rich. Thus, the quantity of stone crushed in the North Jordan division, which includes the Wood's Point reefs, during the last quarter was 2,124 tone, with a total yield of 6/J030X., 4dwt., or 3oz. 5dwt. to the ton-the highest average obtained in any part of the colony, certainly, but far short of the twenty and thirty ounces to the tea which have been the yields from small parcels of stone out of the best claims. The speculative and indiscriminating desire for claims on these reefs is at an end ; but few of the investments of capital have been actually bad, and these are now having their due effect in greatly increasing the escort returns from this quarter. The yields from the older reefs are steadily maintained, those obtained on the best reefs in the Tarrengower and Bendigo districts especially being fully up to former averages. Low as the expenses of mining and crushing have been bought In the Ballarat district, a few of the quartz companies there have been obliged to give up their claims, the yield falling below the very small average that can be made to pay. During the last half-year the Port Philip Company crushed 19,047 tons of stone from the Clunes Company's mines, with a yield of 8 68oz. 5dwt,, or an average of nine pennyweights and half a grain to the ton, the total cost of raising and extracting the gold from the quartz, including a royalty to the owners of the ground, being 193. paid. per ton, or three times that incurred by the most economically managed Ballarat companies. As a proof of what can be done with poor stone, we may refer to a dividend of £30 per share which was paid for the last fortnight by one of these companies, the quantity of stone raised and crushed having been 550 tons, with a yield of 33oz. 3dwt. No very large dividends have been declared by the companies on the deep leads. The largest quantity of gold has been obtained from the Koh-i-noor Company's ground, and the dividends have been £20 and £45 per share for the two fort- nights, with almost equal amounts reserved towards the clearing off of liabilities. The Great Extended Company paid £24 per share each fortnight, and the Prince of Wales £20 for the one fortnight and £40 per share for the other. The Cosmopolitan Company paid dividends of £10 and £30 per share respectively, and the other dividends declared were mostly below these. No large nuggets, unless one of forty-six ounces is to be classed as such, were found during the month. NEW ZEALAND GOLD-FIELDS. In the latter part of April, gold in paying quantity was discovered in the bed of the Wakamarina River, in the province of Marlborough, New Zealand, and a rush on a large scale immediately commenced. The place being of easy access, 700 or 800 men were on the ground within a few days after the first announcement of gold having been found principally from the adjoining province of Nelson. The first arrivals were very suc- cessful washing out one or two ounces each man a day from the bars of the river and very many were preparing to leave Otago for the northern part of the island, if the accounts continued good. Of course there was much exaggeration in the reports first I spread as to the surprising yields obtained, pounds weight having been substituted for ounces ; but there appears to be no doubt that the yields mentioned were commonly obtained by those able to pick their ground, however it may have fared with the later arrivals. No estimate can yet ba formed of the extent of the auriferous, country, nor will any trouble he taken to ascertain the na- turn of the deposits elsewhere until the end of the river has been pretty well cleared out. A miner, who has had large experience in Australia and Otago, says that the gold is the best he has seen in New Zealand, and, judging from the character of the country, he has no doubt a large area of gold-bearing ground will be found. The great advantage which the abundance of wood offers will be an attraction of which Otago, with its cold climate, snow, and untimbered ranges, is destitute. The last news is of a mixed character thousands of men were flocking to the new gold-field, while many men were leaving, in the belief that there was not auriferous ground enough to afford employment to the half of these ; then the rains had commenced, and the river was rising, so that the bars, from which alone heavy yields were obtained at first, were be a ming more difficult of access. On the other hand, it was stated that gold had been found in pay ing quantity in other branches of the IPtlorus besides the Wakamarina, and that the gold country in that part of the island must therefore be of much extent. in the northern island there was also a report of gold having been found on the Waikato ; but beyond the fact that persons had started in search of the supposed new field, nothing was known. AGRICULTURE. There was no doubt before of the losses sustained by the farmers having been great, but the publication last week of an abstract from the agricultural statistics for the year ending with the 31st of March shows that the failure of the wheat crop, especially, was serious indeed. At last harvest, the number of bushels gathered was only 1,273,017, compared with 3,008,487, the produce of the year before, the deficiency being 1,735,440, or very much more than one-half. And this arose almost entirely from the destruction caused by rust, as the decrease in the number of acres under this crop was only 10,689. The average for the year before was not particularly high, only eighteen and a half bushels to the acre, but last year it was less than eight bushels and a half a sad falling off for one season, and this after the promise of an unusually good crop until within a few weeks of harvest time. We were rather inclined to complain because our average yield of wheat had declined from twenty-two and twenty-three bushels to eighteen bushels to the acre, little supposing that such a minimum would over be reached; but good or bad farming had little to do with the deficiency In this case, and such a moist summer, and one consequently so favourable for the spread of rust, may not be experienced here for many a year to come. Excepting the county of Evelyn, in which the extent of land under tillage is small, and where the average was little over one bushel to the acre, Grant, including the cultivated district round Geelong, suffered the most, the yield having been con- siderably lees than two bushels to the acre. Bourke, the county including Melbourne, had an average of nearly four bushels and Mor margin less than three bushels, the failure having been greatest in the counties near the sea coast, and on the lands vested in the Murray district. Some of the counties of the interior show a fair yield, and but for that the general average would have been very much lower than it is. As before mentioned, there was a decrease in the number of Hens under wheat, but there was at the same time a Mill greater increase in the number of acres sown with oats namely, 27,933; and the it It was 8,044,426 bushels from 138.129 acres of ground, an increase of more than half a million of bushels- a sufficient reason for the low price at which this grain has ruled of late. There was an increase of 11,352 acres in the extent of ground under barley, hut a decrease of 18 391 bushels in the crop of the year-this grain having suffered much from the attacks of the caterpillar, is the wheat did from rust. As a slight compensation for the deficiency of breadstuffs, there was an increase of 18,009 tons in the quantity of potatoes grown and although these returns do not, of course, show it, there has been, and is still, a most abundant supply of vegetables of all kinds. The increase in the number of holdings during the year was just a thousand, and in the extent of land under cultivation there was an increase of 31070 acres. A large addition has also been made to the area of fenced land, and had the season been more propitious these tables would have shown a reasonable amount of progress in agricultural matters. The number of vines has been increased by upwards of a million and a half, but the falling off in the yield of wine last year was 12,028 gallons, and the deficiency this year will be still greater. The vintage is now nearly over, and from almost every vineyard the report is that the yield is short, and that much of the wine promises to be inferior, owing to the imperfect ripening of the grapes. But here, again, we gain by having a diversity of climate, for the wine now being made from grapes grown in the warmer localities is said to promise exceedingly well. A wide extent of land has been already ploughed and sown, under favourable circumstances as to weather ; but the proposal to purchase about 20,000 bushels of good seed wheat, for distribution among the poorest of the farmers, has not been carried out. The Government refused to advance the money to the Board of Agriculture, except that body would accept it as their grant-in-aid for 1865 and this they could not do, for the members being elected annually, the funds of a future year cannot be thus hypothecated. Most of the farmers requiring the assistance would have promised to pay after next harvest, but these promises to pay debts incurred in the remotest degree for the public benefit are not usually well kept; and there was no sufficient reason for supplying this grain as a gift. Some of the farmers near Geelong are still trying hard for seed on these terms, saying that without help of the kind their land will have to remain in Down, but they will scarcely succeed. if the tillers of the soil have had more than their share of difficulties to contend with, the stockowners, on the other hand, have never before had two such years in succession for grass, and the markets are therefore most fully supplied with fat meat. The season has also been exceedingly favourable hitherto to the lambing flocks, and the percentage of increase should be large. Then, as the last clip of wool was heavy, so must be the next for there has not been even for the shortest period, the least scarcity of feed during the past summer or autumn, to check the growth or weaken the staple. RAILWAY TRAFFIC. The returns of the Victorian Railways for the month of April show a total of receipts amounting to £41,031 31. Id., made up as follows For 77,032 passengers, £15,057 18s. 3d. and £20,273 6s. for goods. These figures are not quite so high as those of the preceding month, when the passenger traffic received an extraordinary augmentation from the effect of the Easter holidays; but the receipts on account of goods traffic are this month somewhat in excess of the amount taken in the month preceding. During the four weeks ending the 27th of April the receipts upon the Melbourne Railway amounted to £3,160 13s. 11d., against £3,001 8s. taken in the corresponding; period in 1863, showing an increase of 162 10s. 11d. Upon the Hobson's Bay and St. Kilda lines during the four weeks ending the 28th of April, the sum of £6,146 11s. 11d. was taken orjainBt £5,09 12s. 10d., received in the corresponding four weeks of last year, thus showing an increase of £1,055 9s. 6d. Altogether the traffic for the month upon the different lines has yielded a good fair average of receipts, which indicate a very satisfactory improvement upon those of April, 1863. THEATRICAL. Mr. and Mrs. C. Kean made their last appearance on the Melbourne stage on Saturday, April 30, in the tragedy of " Richard II. and the comedy of "The Jealous Wife." The Haymarket Theatre was greatly crowded on the occasion. During the evening both artists were repeatedly called, and on the fall of the curtain, Mr. Kean stepped forward and bade the audience farewell. In the course of his remarks, Mr. Kean said : " In a few days we shall leave the shores of Victoria, never to return ; but we shall have the satisfaction of carrying away with us not only the more substantial proofs of your favour, but also the grateful remembrance of the kindness and hospitality that we have received during our sojourn amongst you. (Applause.) In years to come, when far away, should our lives be spared, my wife and I will find true enjoy- ment in the contemplation of the wonders which we have witnessed in this new world, and shall anxiously watch the progress and increasing prosperity of this extraordinary country, wherein we have seen so much to instruct, surprise, and interest us. We shall recall to mind with peculiar gratification the fact of having given utterance to the language of Shakspeare sixteen thousand miles from home, in a populous city built upon a spot which thirty years ago was a lonely wilderness." (Applause.) This has been a brief but most interesting season in the history of the theatre in this colony. During his stay Mr. Kean performed Seventy-five nights in Melbourne, nine in Ballarat, and three in Sandhurst. The Melbourne performances have been as follow : " Hamlet," six times; " Othello," three-times; " Merchant of Venice," six times ; " King John," four times ; " Richard III,," three times ; " Richard II.," twice a " Henry VIII.," five times ; '' Macbeth," five times ; " King Lear," five times; "Much Ado about Nothing," twice; SbakEpcrian selections, one night (Shakspeare's birth) ; " The Gamester," twice ; " The Wife's Secret," ten times : " Louis XL," seven times; "The Stranger," once "The Wonder," three times " The Jealous Wife," eleven times ; " The Corsican Brothers," nine times ; " Pizarro," twice ; " Money," twice ; " The Honeymoon," twice and " The Iron Chest," once. Mr. and Mrs. Kean subsequently gave two evenings' readings and recitations from Shak pears-, &c;, at the Mechanics' Institutes of Melbourne, Geelong, and Ballarat, under the patronage of the Governor and the local notabilities. It had been intended by Mr. and Mrs. O. Kean to have left her for California fortnight since, but their departure had been delayed through Mrs. Kean having been seriously indisposed. It is gratifying to be able to state that this gifted lady is now progress- ing favourably, though slowly, towards complete recovery. At the Theatre Royal, Mr. Barry Sullivan has made another great success in the character of Rollo, in Sheridan's " Pizarro," produced in magnificent style, after the manner of the celebrated dramatic revivals of bygone years. The present is the second week of the run of " Pizarro," and it has already done good service to the treasury of the Royal. At the Haymarket, a short opera season has been commenced by Mr. W. S. Lyster's com pany, consisting of Madame Lucy Escott, Madame Durand. Miss. Hodson, Mr. Squires, Mr. Wharton, Mr. F. Lyster, Mr. Kitts, &c.; The only novelty has been the production of Gounod's " Faust ; the other operas performed have been " II Trovatore," " La Traviata," "Lucia di Lammermoor," "Lucrezia Borgia," "The Bohemian Girl," "La Figlia delReggi mento," " Maritana," and " Martha." By the clipper ship, Suffolk, which came into the bay yesterday, Lady Don has arrived, and it is understood that she comes to renew her professional acquaintance with a Victorian public. SPORTING. The only sporting events noticeable in the month's history are the Metropolitan Race Meeting, held last week, and the Ballarat Autumn Steeplechase Meeting, which took place on the 12th and 13th May, in weather re- minding the spectators of the wintry damp- ness of the English steeplechase season, except that it was not cold enough for snow. The steeplechasing itself was good, and showed an improved form upon that of previous years. The now Victoria Racing Club having taken up the management of the metropolitan turf, held two days races' on the Flemington ground, on Friday and Saturday last, to run off some pre-existing engagements of the two defunct clubs. The most successful runner was the ch c Oriflamme, 3 yrs, by Boiardo -Tricolour, who won the St. Leger and the Australian Mares' Produce Stakes, value 300 cows. and 310 SOVP. respectively. Falcon, 6 yrs?, recently the winner of the Adelaide Cup, value 1,050 sovs., won the Autumn Handicap, carrying 10st., top weight, and beating good field of horses. The Australian Sires' Produce Stakes, for two-year-olds, went to Freestone, by Touchstone, the latter a son of the great English sire of that name. COMME HCI AL. The mail steamship Northam arrived in Hobson's Bay on the morning of the 12th inst., and, after landing the mail, proceeded without delay to Sydney. The intelligence of a still continued decline in the general extent of shipments was favourably received, and had a steadying effect on prices, although without leading to any increased amount of business, stocks on hand being ample, and buyers generally acting with prudential caution. The banking returns for the first quarter of the year are given as under. The average statements of the assets and liabilities within the colony of Victoria of the nine banks were published in the Gazette, under the provisions of the Act of Council 4th Victoria, No. 13. From these an insight into the banking business of the colony can be fairly obtained. The subjoined statement shows the assets and liabilities of the books for the first quarter of 1864 compared with the first quarter of its predecessor: BANK or AUSTRALASIA. first Quarters. 1863\. 1864. Notes circulation.. .. £271230 £272,272 Bills in circulation .... 78,114 13,003 Deposits, not bearing Interest 888,(181 803,279 Do., bearing interest .. 653,100 599,970 Total liabilities .... l,82i,C0t 1,0:13,531 Coin. 301,028 177,831 Bullion . 40,090 50, £77 Landed property .... 100,037 8,000 Gorcrmuciit securities .. - 61,333 Notesandblllsofotiicruauks 23,010 20,267 Debts due to the bank .. 1,757,419 1,775,518 Total assets. 2,234,255 2,100,208 BAKE or VICTORIA. Notes in circulation.. .. £294,978 800,441 Bills in circulation .... 10,355 13,231 Deposits, not bearing interest 83 '1931 773,133 Do., bearing interest .. 024,757 747,084 Total liabilities .... 1.70J,21i 1,859,207 Coin. 372,629 2J7.907 Bullion . 94,909 97,334 Landed property .... 115,870 127,802 Government securities .. 60,000 - Notes and bills of other banks 10,183 20,217 Debts due to the bank .. 1,450,848 1.714,327 Total assets. 2,216,402 2,351,050 BANK OF NEW SOUTH WALES, Notes in circulation.. .. £2,002 £199,542 Mills in circulation .... 4,391 419 Deposits, not bearing Interest £04,040 630,099 Do., bearing interest .. 582,100 618,831 Total liabilities .... 1,407,030 1,305,048 Coin. 181,2 173,120 Bullion . 54,728 48,071 Government securities .. 35,017 80,470 Landed property .... 63,000 60,245 Notes and bills of other banks 10,090 10,071 Debts due to the bank .. 1,209,353 1,251, 67 Total assets. 1,670,000 1,046,408 UNION BANK or AUSTRALIA. Notes in circulation .... £175,413 £103,053 Bills in circulation .... 23,535 31,776 Deposits, bearing interest .. 887,013 419,904 Lo., not bearing interest .. 634,684 660,357 Total liabilities .... 1,220,506 1,170,018 Coin. 277,971 202,057 Bullion. 85,400 42,677 Landed property .... 41,055 41,055 Notes and bills of other banks 17,503 23,781 Debts due to the bank .. 1,323,431 1,431,092 Total assets. 1,090,033 1,741,105 COLONIAL BANK or AUSTRALASIA. Notes in circulation.. .. £00,450 £85,907 Bills in circulation .... 1,143 1,400 Deposits, not bearing interest S50.9U2 141,431 Do., bearing interest .. 805,762 823,153 Total liabilities .... 803,241 769,144 Coin. 137,000 112,710 Bullion . 8,211 20,040 Landed property .... 44,807 44,792 Notes and bills of other banks 11,700 10,305 Debts due to the bank .. 1,185,601 902,241 Total assets. 1,899,679 1,219,112 ORIENTAL BANK CORPORATION. Notes in circulation.. .. £140,410 £142,230 Bills in circulation .... 0,231 16,202 Deposits, not bearing Interest 203,095 217,099 Do., bearing interest .. 493,970 662,399 Total liabilities .... 864,287 927,910 Coin. 182,930 164,851 Bullion . 104,340 107,808 Landed property .... 40,000 40,000 Notes and bills of other banks ] 9,660 22,703 Debts due to the bank .. ««0,703 680,519 Total assets. 1,045,142 1,069,073 NATIONAL BANK or AUSTRALASIA. Notes in circulation .. £91,009 £37,480 Bills in circulation .... 8,900 5,214 Deposits, not bearing; interest 184,402 191,631 Do., bearing interest .. 200,347 203,822 Total amount of liabilities 530,476 633,733 Coins 77,851 100,951 Bullion . 80,254 87,101 Landed property .... 20,197 27,532 Notes and bills of other banks 16,056 16,433 Debts due to the bank .. 629,992 153,8 5 Total assets. 696,727 770,697 ENGLISH, SCOTTISH, AND AUSTRALIAN CHARTERED BANK. Notes in circulation .. £40,003 £40,048 Bills in circulation .... - 1,621 Deposits, not bearing Interest 110,2 7 110,232 Do., bearing interest .. 131,084 203,962 Total liabilities .... 832,310 867,893 Coin. 57,947 61,715 Bullion . 5,173 a,27 Landed property .... 25,229 21,189 Notes and bills of other banks 4,078 8,693 Debts due to the bank .. 600,060 £14,952 Total assets. £99,076 016,370 LONDON CHARTERED BANK. Notes in circulation.. .. £lil,172 £99,741 Bills in circulation .... 0,887 4,052 Deposits not bearing Interest 203,810 217,833 Do., bearing interest .. 843,010 270,100 Total liabilities .... 725,005 £99,282 Coin. 184,415 110,489 Bullion . 28,881 28,880 Landed property .... 04,423 08,925 Notes and bills of other banks 21,422 14,109 Debts due to the bank .. 1,125,654 1,122,093 Total assets. 1,426,974 . 1,341,117 The returns of the average liabilities and assets for the first quarter of the your of the nine banks trading in the colony give the following aggregate averages : Notes In circulation.£1,402,033 Bills in circulation. 85,000 Balances due to other banks .. J. 86,153 Deposits not bearing interest .... 3,833,103 Deposits bearing Interest.8,850,845 Total liabilities.9,202,030 Com .1,837,781 Bullion. 444,824 Landed property ., . £05,143 Notes and bills of other banks .... 151,727 Balances due from other banks .... 887,543 Government securities . 81,804 Debts due to the banks .10,018,101 Total assets .13,920,432 Capital paid up .7,122,900 Amount of last dividend. 402,200 Reserved profits .1,420,073 For the purpose of affording further comparison, we give in the following table the aggregate averages of the nine banks quarterly or two years past : Notes in circulation Bills do. Deposits, not bearing in terest Do., bearing interest Total liabilities .. Coin Bullion Landed property. Government securities Debts due to banks Total assets Paid-up capital .. Amount of last dividend Reserved profits.. tax Quarter, 1865. 3rd Quarter, 1862. 1,476,80« 102,695 4,347,748 8,223,662 9,350,646 1,913,431 482,807 522,005 89,679 9,285,069 12,626,290 0,512,888 882,944 1,421,630 1,469,820 117,495 3,921,452 4,CS2,666 9,780,129 1,893,097 468,461 621,639 81,033 9,076,873 13,098,242 6,513,938 382,944 1,404,581 lit Quarter, 1865. I 1,432,808 78,144 4,065,375 3,838,777 9,663,482 1,772,833 407,616 611,319 85,047 9,743,058 12,890,163 6,675,958 405,135 1,405,250 2nd Quarter, 1863. I 1,372,876 68,087 3,736,523 3,794,677 9,123,240 1,694,353 371,544 496,614 62,283 9,938,095 12,924,377 6,742,623 432,712 1,427,615 3rd Quarter, TSS. 3 1,858,088 85,554 3,624,644 8,776,452 8,867,076 1,867,223 436,827 605,952 66,223 10,219,060 12,944,340 6,747,600 412,400 1,389,005 4th Quarter, 1865. I 1,360,239 87,019 3,472,954 8,873,812 8,887,093 1,287,662 634,171 603,132 86,761 10,440,458 13,202,317 6,827,086 402,200 1,404,005 lit Quarter, 1864. I 1,402,033 85,900 3,838,103 3,850,845 9,262,036 1,337,781 444,324 605,143 81,804 10,018,101 12,926,482 7,122,900 402,9 1,420,073 Taking the. totals of these aggregate ave rage of the nine banks, and comparing them, with the averages of the previous quarter, we find an increase of notes in circulation during the first quarter of 1884 of £41,701, an in" crease in deposits not bearing interest of £306.149. a decrease in deposits bearing interest of £22,067, an increase in the total liabilities of £374,013, and increase in coin of £50,119, a decrease in bullion of £50,817, a decrease in landed property of £2,009, a decrease in Government BtcuiitifS of £4,957, a decrease in debts due to the banks of £422,367, a decrease in total assets of £276.886, an increase in cape full paid up of £205,815, and an increase in reserved profits of £16,068. The amount of " last dividend " is the same for both periods. The last three items, it must be borne in mind, in all cases, refer to the transactions of the institutions at all their branches and agencies, the remainder only to business transacted within the colony. The directors of the National Bank of Australasia have issued their sixth annual report and balance-sheet for the half-year ending 31st March, 1864, since the departure of our last summary. The following is the statement issued : "The net profits for the half-year, after making allowance for bad and doubtful debts and rebate on bills, amount to £27,041 8s. 9d., which the directors recommend to be appropriated as follows: To dividend, at the rate of eight per cent, per annum £10,000 0 0 To reserve fund 9,000 0 0 To bank premises and furniture .. 2,011 8.0 Total £27,0" 8.0 BALANCE-SHEET FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDING HIST ilAUCIl, 1804. Dr. To capital paid up . £400,000 0 0 To notes in circulation. 202,424 100 To bills in circulation. 0,407 19 7 To deposits . 815,101 0 8 To balances due to other banks .. 28,18112 4 To reserve fund. 27,000 0 0 To profit and loss account .... ? 27,011 8 9 £1,500,230 17 i Cr. By specie on hand. £329,010 4 9 By bullion . '.. 25,671 9 4 By Government debentures .. 4,000 0 0 By balances due by other banks ., 97,109 13 5 By notes of other banks .... 11,225 OIL By bills receivable and all other advances . 1,053,402 4 6 By bank premises, furniture, and stationery. 44,601 18 S £1,500,280 17 1 PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT. To expenses at head office and twenty four branches and agencies., .. £18,095 0 8 Balance. 27,041 8 9 £45,136 9.5 By gross profits since last statement after providing for bad and doubtful debts and rebate on bills) .. £45,136 9.5 In the Chamber of Commerce the attention of the committee was called to an expression of opinion by the Auckland Chamber of Com- merce, tendered to the Government of that province, in favour of the substitution of a mail steamer from Manakau to Melbourne, to meet the English mail here, in lieu of the Panama mail project. The secretary was instructed to place himself in communication with the Auckland Chamber of Commerce, in order to ascertain in what way this Chamber could assist the movement. The Merchandise Marks Bill in favour of which the Chamber petitioned, has passed through Parliament. The following is the report of the directors of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay R til way Company for the half-year ending the 30th April last : 4' The directors, In submitting to the shareholders a report of the company's affairs for the last half-year, are glad to be able to show satisfactory results, notwithstanding various drawbacks arising from a diminution of imports, the continued unjust competition of the Sandridge Town Pier, and the temporary in t irruption of the traffic caused by the floods in December last. The diminution of imports his been counterbalanced to some extent by an in- crease in the outwards traffic. The erection of the now wool-shed at Sandridge has contributed greatly to the facilities for ships . loading, and thereby largely increased the company's revenue from that source; upwards of 34,000 bales of wool were carried over the line during the past season. The advantages resulting from ships loading at the pier being found to be great, the directors have been induced to extend It by 250 feet, the present accommodation being insufficient to allow berths for ship] loading. With the view of encouraging the export traffic, and making it a permanent source of revenue, it is also contemplated to extend the platform and shed accommodation at Melbourne station now available for the outwards traffic. The directors having had frequently urged upon them the advisability of resuming the working of the goods traffic, it was resolved to terminate the arrangement with Messrs. T. Norton and Co., which has existed for some years, and It has been annulled accordingly. Mr. Carruthers has been appointed to the office of goods traffic manager. In accordance with the resolution passed at the meeting of shareholders held on the 22nd February, on the subject of the hill for establishing wharfage and harbours rates, the claims of the company to a share of these rates have been set forth in a pamphlet which has been largely circulated, and they are now the subject of inquiry before a select committee of the Legislative Assembly. It would be improper while the committee is sitting to express any opinion as to the report it will present upon the evidence brought before it, but whatever the report may be, the directors feel assured that the evidence presented to the committee, and which will become a public document, will be of great value hereafter in justification of the company's remonstrances against the expenditure of public money on the Sandridge Town Pier. The directors feel confident that the injustice to the company of such an expenditure of public money has been so clearly shown, and is new so generally admitted, that it will not hereafter be persisted in by the 1 legislature, even should it be recommended by the Government for the time being, lids injustice has been so fully pointed out in the pamphlet already alluded to (a copy of which every shareholder may obtain), that it is unnecessary enlarge upon it in the present report. The directors regret to say that the company is again involved in litigation with the borough of Emerald-hill, in consequence of its endeavour to make a road across the line. As the right to do so is now the subject of consideration before the Supreme Court, the directors abstain on the present occasion from making any further remarks upon the subject. The directors think it desirable to take especial notice of the extraordinary flood which occurred in December last, and which far exceeded in force and extent any previous inundation. The company's bridge across the Yarra and the Sandridge line were exposed to the full force of the torrent, and, although the embankment and culverts in some places were so much injured by the rush of water as to stop the traffic for a time, the damage was very quickly repaired, at a comparatively small cost. The bridge across the Yarra, which it had been confidently stated would yield to the pressure of a much less extensive inundation, withstood the full force of the flood, and this notwithstanding the water rose to the level of the carriage-way, and an immense mass of wreck carried down by the torrent was collected against it. The pressure of the water was greatly increased by the embankment constructed by the Emerald-hill municipality in the year 1800, against which the directors then vainly remonstrated. Had not the destruction of the embankment by the flood taken place while the water was yet rising, the mischief It caused would have been greatly aggravated. The Government has very properly refused to repair this embankment, although requested so to do by the municipality. The directors feel it to be due to the secretary, and to the engineer Mr. Elsdon, to record their appreciation of the exertions made by them, at tho time of the flood, In protecting the company's works, and by watching and checking the progress of the In- jury occasioned by the torrent while its force was unabated. During several days and nights the engineer directed and superintended parties of labourers engaged in preventing and repairing damages to the works, thereby effecting a large saving to the company, injuries being made good in tho course of a few days which, but for these exertions), would otherwise have taken weeks to repair, the whole, cost to the company being, as stated in the reserve fund account, £1,610 0s. 7d. Since that period the line has been materially improved and strengthened, and the culverts along the line where the flood worked the greatest injury have been so secured as to enable them to bear even a severer test than that which they were then subjected to. Notwithstand- ing the loss of revenue resulting from the temporary suspension of both the passenger and goods traffic, at the period of the flood, and the decrease of imports previously referred to, the traffic receipts for the last six months show a gross profit, after payment of working expenses and the interest on debentures, of £21,07010s. 6d., an amount sufficient to pay at the rate of ten and a quarter per cent, per annum on the capital stock of the company. The directors, therefore, declare a dividend at tho rate of ton per cent- per annum, leaving a balance of £1,970 16s. 6d., which, together with the balance from the previous half-year, amounting to £1,260 11s. 4d., leaves a surplus on the year or £2,827 7s. 10d. The reserve fund, and will be seen from the account appended to the financial statements amounts to £25,463 13s. 2d. The engineer's report upon the rolling stock and permanent way is in the highest degree satisfactory and it is fully anticipated that during the course of the ensuing half-year the new carriages ordered from England will be placed upon the line. " " By order of the board of directors. "THOMAS T. A'BECKETT, President. "GENERAL BALANCE-SHEET," " At April 30, 1894. i "Drive receipt as per capital statement, £500,415 14s. 6d. ; reserve fund, £25,458 13s. 2d. ; revenue, £22,827 7s. 10d. ; premiums on debentures, £1,400 6s. 2d. ; sundry claims against the company, £5,653 8s. 7d. Total, £555,201 9s. 2d. " Cressy expenditure as per capital statement, £388.678 10s. 6d.; do. do. St. Kilda brazil, £113,835 4s Od.; debenture bonds not issued, £19,300; emergency account, £400; Bank of Victoria deposit, £10,876 19s. 7d. ; Victorian Government debentures, £1,025 ; stores, £9,443 2s. 2d. ; St. Kilda and Brighton railway subsidy, £2,302 16s. 5d. ; Bank of Victoria, £4,611 7s. 4d. ; sundry claims due to the company, £4,748 10s. 6d. Total, £565,201 0s. 2d. " Johns WAKEFIELD, Accountant. " We hereby certify that we have examined the accounts of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company for the half-year ending 30th April, 1864, and have inspected the securities of the company deposited with the Bank of Victoria, and found the same correct. JOSEPH DE LITTLE, EDWARD BELL, auditors. Melbourne, 10th May, 1861." From the latest circular by Messrs. B Lillie ond Butters (dated yesterday), wo.eitract the following:- " " Debentures. Victoria. GoTornmootSix per Cents. are again In good demand, at advanced rates. We have effected sales at £106 to £100, but there is no doubt whatever that higher rates will be paid during the current Week, the expected supply being SO completely cut off Melbourne Railway and Collingwood Gus Eight per Cents., also Melbourne Gun Seven per Cents-, would all be taken at full rates, if offered, but being nearly all in the hands of permanent holders, they are seldom found in the market. " Banks-The demand for shares in all of these has been very large, and the supply limited. Sales have been effected in Colonial at £7 14s., £7143. Od., and small lots at £7 16s, closing for n at the latter quota- tion. National we have sold at 23 18s. in considerable parcels, but the market is now cleared at that figure and advanced rates asked. New South Wales (new issue) we have placed at £43 10s., but they are not plentiful at that rate. In Victoria there has not been quite so much actual business, but they are firmly held for £10 for colonial register and £41 for London register ; buyers offer close up to those rates, and business is pending in both " Insurance Alliance have been very steady at 11s. with numerous buyers at 10s. (6d. ; sales have been made at both prices, at the higher rate sellers predominate. Australasian we have placed at 17s. and 17s. 6d., closing Or in holders generally are looking for COB.. which will doubtless shortly be conceded. Vic are glad to find our remarks in reference to this stock fully borne out, and the promo gators of incorrect reports, for the purpose of keeping the shares down to half their own books, have been compelled to eat their own words. Australasian Life we have sold pretty largely at 12s., at which rate there are still myers ; sellers ask 12s. 11d. Colonial we have sold at 13s. and 14s, ; the market appears to be cleared at 14s and under. Victoria Life and General have attracted more attention than for some time back ; the number of shares offered is quiet, except at a considerable ad- vance on ruling rates ; we have effected sales at 29s. 3d Victoria Fire and Marine have been steady at £26 ; no sales effected. Mining shares, we may add, are very firm. The following is a list of the gold ships which have Bailed hence since the 1st of March, with the quantities and the destinations stated separately : " 20 " 20 April i Way Ship. Alexandra.. Kent Wave of Life Wonga Wonga Alexandra outlays .. Royal Standard Rangatira .. Lady Ann .. Anglesey .. Barwon Northam .. Pty of Melbourne Wonga Wonga Pride of the Ocean Yi Yashiro . City of Melbourne Wonga Wonga City of Melbourne Snuehays .. Roxburgh Castle Maria Boss Alexandra,. Bombay .. Wonga Wonga City of Melbourne 'True Briton Wonga Wonga Jorgen Bruhn Barwon City of Melbourne Rangatira s. Wonga Wonga Destination. Sydney .. London. London. Sydney .. Sydney .. Sydney .. Liverpool . . Sydney. London. London. Sydney. Point de Galle . Sydney. Sydney .. London. London. Sydney .. Sydney .. Sydney. Sydney. London. Hong Kong Sydney. Point de Galle Sydney. Sydney. London Sydney. Hong Kong . Sydney. Sydney .. Sydney. Sydney. Ounces. 11,270 3,03.-! 6,223 9,330 2,904 -2,330 19,621 11,251 4,002 12,091 11, 84 02,010 1485 8,0 8 3,751 17,053 4,004 80 6,742 3,099 0,102 6,076 8,405 80,910 3,513 4,206 26,777 21,897 3,131 2,347 11,005 15 0,113 The rates of interest, discount, and exchange may be quoted as follows, viz. 9-10- fire st: The maximum rates allowed by the banks are, we understand,- on deposits at call, 2½ per cent, per annum on deposits at thirty days', 3 per cent, per annum on deposits at three months', 4% per cent, per annum on do points at Fir months', 6 per cent, per annum; and we hear that even 7 per cent, has been given for large amounts at longer periods. Discount : Money continues in demand, and the rates may be quoted at 8 per cent, for two months' paper ; 9 per cent, for three months' roper and 10 per cent. for four months' Japan; although it is reported that some exceptions have been made in favour of first class paper. Below we give the arrivals and departures for the first three months of the year, as company d with those for 1863 : January .. February.. March 2.705 2,00 2,660 De- parted. 6,000 6,712 4,912 3,053 3,201 3,460 8,221 | 15,033 | 0,713 | 7,000 Do parted. 2,64 í 2,815 1,070 The returns of the Immigration Department for the month of April have been published. The arrivals at all ports of the colony numbered 2,010. The departures upon- tered 1,876. The balance of immigration over emigration was 1.035. Of the arrivals, 1,939 were adult males, 667 adult females, and 148 male and 156 female children. Of the departures, 1,209 were adult males, 160 adult female?, and 161 male and 129 female children. The intercolonial migration was in favour of the colony by 824. The subjoined digest of the return gives a clear insight into the movements of the month : New South Wales South Australia. Tasmania. New Zealand Total neighbouring colonies United Kingdom .. Foreign ports Net Increase 213 210 434 Since the departure of the last mail for Ei hand the following sales of station pro- p rtics have been effected Messrs. Hervey and Allejjne's station, Benerembah, on the Murrumbidgee, together with 32,000 sheep, at 20s. 8d. per head, on usual terms; and Mr. G. Hillas's Mulwala, on the Murray, with 7,000 sheep, and about 700 acres purchased land ; price, £7,000 ; terms as customary. Messrs. Firebrace's Tooloomba Station, on the Murrumbidgee, to Mr. Robert Scott, of Bradford, at a satisfactory price. El Dorado East S-, tion, with 130 head of cattle, to Dr. Brough, of Wooingay, for £900. A small station on the Murrumbidgee, comprising 26,000 acres, for £2,760, cash and the Light Ghiran Station, near Ararat, the property of Mr. A. N. Gilbert, to Messrs. McPherson Brothers, together with 8,000 sheep, and 1,600 acres purchased land. Price £10,000, usual terms. The following is a statement of the traffic returns of the Victorian Government lines of railway, of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, and of the Melbourne Company's line (late the Melbourne and Suburban line), for the month of April Government line Melbourne and Hobson's Bay, Melbourne Co.'s. Passengers. s s. dJ £ s. d. 15,141 0 2 23,430 1871 2.3 6-3 3,213 0 8 3,10013 1 - Total. A sad. 3,67118 9 0, 140 It is 3,10613 The following table gives the imports and exports since the commencement of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1863: Week I Imports. ending. 1st , mu Exports, Jan. (4 A 10 " 23, 80 Till. 0 " 13 » 20 " 28 March 6 12 April May 9 170,498 438,719 221,440 410,192 197,444, 467,973'' 318,481 .462,738 201,800 162,410 03,872 140,548 223,846 059,070 190,684 163,520 259,732 87,160 127,320 £ 895,417 807,094 818,653 820,898 260,730 610,008. 100,003 230,305 189,303 165,801 670,881 211,420 129,136 320,274 447,170 440,084 242,001 85,346 108,620 623,001 102,003 559,125 117,733 190,005 142,220 233,450 403,104 117,314 18-20 239,817 298,307 14,06 88,732 103,780 391,005 351,427 113,085 93,428 145,343 212,391 100,278 443,801 235,003 137,206 327,424 697,003 200,707 110,103 336,039 416,073 183,118 224,851 79,710 418,611 155,073 214,455 232,018 6 009,379 6.663,012 ' 4,077,010 ' 6,072,01) During the first period, the account stood thus : Imports Exports £332,333 Balance of Imports over exports During the second period : Imports .£5,553,012 Exports .6,072,015 balance of imports over exports .. £480,097 The following statement shows the stocks in bond at the port of Melbourne on the 21st May, 1864:- Brandy, 0,911 hhds. £0,209 cases ; rum, 880 hhds, 1,418 cases : geneva, 22 hhds., 167,462 red cases, 4,295 green cases ; whiskey, 1,148 hhds. 30,539 eases ; gin, sweetened, 100 Hhds. 9,834 cases ; cordials, 1,683 cases; spirits of wine, 208 hhds. ; other spirits, 128 hhds. 10,018 cases ; wine. 5,dl9J hhds.lG,037 cases ; beer, 4.62 Hhds. 6,902 cases and casks; tobacco, manufactured, 805 half-tierces, 845 quarter-tierces and kegs. 49 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 4067 cases, do., unmanufactured, 148 hhds and casks, 9 cases, 1,277 bales and bundles ; clear.", 651 cases, snuff, 68 packages; tea, 18379 chests. 29,136 half chests, 26,960 boxes; malt, 2 396 bags , coffee, 712 bags, 97 tierces and casks, 361 barrels, sugar, Mauritius, 83815 bags; do, Manilla, 1661 bags, do, Jay a, 646 bags ; other, 140 446 bags, 228 capital and cases; molasses, 276 hhds , chicory, 737 packages , opium, prepared, 5 699 lb , do , unprepared, 167 lb , dried fruits, 4,612 packages ; hops, 727 pockets, 3 bales, rise, 6136 bags, 3 barrels, colonial spirits, 1,601 hhds The clearances of gold since the commencement of the year have amounted to 60532937, of which quantity 6bl,774oz were the produce of Victoria, and 103,655 z tranship- ments from New Zealand The shipments made hence during the corresponding period of last year were 606 053 of Victorian gold, and 90 47607 of No n Zealand gold, giving a total of 690,529nz the sales of Crown lands during the month have been well attended, and the prices realized have in all instances been satisfac- tory, and in most cases much in advance of the upset rates MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Tuesday Ex toning The transactions of the past month have been generally of unimportant extent, and chiefly confined to a fair, steady, local demand Shipping orders have been but moderate, and country buyers exhibit great caution in their purchases, being naturally unwilling to hold unsaleable stocks The continued decline as notified by the last mail of shipments has given a better tone to markets, but Its influence is not as yet felt and prices have not been improved The previous excessive shipments have left such large stocks on hand, that considerable time must elapse before the reduction of imports can possibly influence the market It is almost needless to say that in our mid-winter business is dull, and high rates of cartage limit the up-country supplies to actual necessary require plenty Trade, however, is healthy, confidence well sustained, and with a reasonably moderate supply of imports coming forward, there is no reason to enter into any decline in present quotations of any of the needs g articles of general consumption Ale and Stout The demand has been limited to small trade parcels, for direct consumption Alo of the old brew has been largely forced off by auction, deteriorating the demand and price of new parcels Stocks are, how OTU-, accumulating, and the present ruling prk as are feared likely to be maintained The first arrival of Allsopp has been placed at £7 10s per hint (duty paid), which may be taken as the highest ruling race brought stout is still in very limited inquiry, and not aboTOi.6109 to k5 12s 6d per Illili Is ] receivable for even Numil parcels Bottled beers are in but len limited den and and prices, although tolerably firm, quite without change Quotations are as follow -Ale and Porter (duty paid)- Ale Iser Brewery Co's Carlisle £7 10s to 58 5s , Bass's No 3 (new ), £710 , J Rule s (new ) £7 per had , Byass shot tied, 0s , 1 echelon and Colonial Co's Us , Allsopp's Os 4d , other bottles, os 6d to 0s Stout -Best bran di, £5 106 , other brewers', £5pcriihd , Dublin stout, bottled, 9s to 10s Bjass'u, 8s 9d , London and Colonial Company s, 8s 6d , Barcoo s, bottled by Friend, quarts, 6s 6d ; other bottles, 7s to 8s per dozen Bacon and Hams have been in improved demand, for an eels of moderate extent Variety is hams, newly arrived and in prime condition, have been placed at Idjil per lb and been of the same curing and con ditto at 18d per lb Quotations are -2 Berkshire or Wiltshire hams, lld told , Irish (Sinclair's), 13d , Coal s, 12d to Uli , Rowans, bellies (bacon) 12d , Sinclair, told , Warnings, 12d , Moffatt's, 12d per lb , pork (Irish), £5 to to 6s per barrel, beef, £3 15s to 15 per tierce Bats and bagging three-bushel sacks are dull of sale and the probability of large supplies coming in, has li duced holders to bring stocks forward at lower than late current rates Wool] packs are very made widely supplied and, late us the season is, are in some degree of inquiry Gunnies are better supplied than of late, but prices keep very steady, Inquiry continuing good (Quotations are Three bushel bags 176 to Its per dozen , gunnies, 12s per dozen, w woolpacks, tF Sd toOs 6d for full weights Butter-The necessity of importing this article has quite ceased, and arrivals can only be placed at a certain less, our own supplies are so ample and of such excellent defers) tion as to render imported kinds next to unsaleable for reshipment the best nowly lauded pal cc s of double rose Cork may be quoted at nd to 6d per it , but we doubt if any considerable parcel could be place 1 it even that rate Centres The Nu a Company s quotation of land on terms effectually pro cuts any improvement in ) prices The trade still have the opportunity of taking their supplies at auction at a 1 but unreserved prices, and private sales are almost out of the question Cames of first class has been in improved inquiry, and sales of best navy assorted have been made at four- per viz rd Cement is amply supplied and, as usual at this season of the your sales are difficult to effect Portland is quoted at 16s , Hollian, 12s to 13s American plaster, Ils ed to 12s per barrel Cheese is tolerably well supplied in small and medium weights, and although li in fair demand exists for these descriptions, prices have rather an easier tendency, best samples of North Wilts and small sized Cheshire not being worth about 12d to 10d per lb Cord {,0 - Manilla rope of small size Is In request and worth £49 per ton Issue of good quality is wanted, and of ready sale Quotations are Europeans 9\. £40 to £12, Manilla 6in to 4in ), £43 to £50, small size, £48, others, £-16, Calcutta Blues, 152 to £13 5 a ton, in the, seaming and roping, Had to the peril) Coko, El gash, in fair inquiry at about £0 per ton Fruits, Dried The season for fresh fruits having jnKMd, dried bolts, more particularly dessert sorts, are in letter inquiry Table raisins and almonds are more asked for Currants have improved and are worth 4 Jil and dried apples are in better request, at from 5d to 6d per lb Quotations are (duty paid) -Api les, 6d to 9d , currants, 4d , Muscatel raisins (have yrs), 7st , came, 63d to 7d , Sultanas, 7d to 7d , Turkey figs, 3d to 6d per lb , Almonds (soft shell), 14d to 16d per lb Drills and Chemicals -In grain there is no alteration to report in price, and (1 fund has been held Soda crystals have also worked out of stock, and are readily saleable at £13 15s to £14 per ton, In small casks Caustic soda is also improved and better held Flour of sulphur is also slightly more saleable but at unaltered value Soda ash dull and all but unsafe able Quotations are Flour of sulphur, 17s per cwt , carbonate of soda, 15s to 17s per ont , soda crystals £14 caustic soda, £12, soda ash, £8 , sulphuric acid, d per, lb , opium, Patna, £220 to £225 per chest, prepared, 22s to 20s. 6d. per canister, duty paid Metals -In some descriptions there has been an improvement Corrugated Iron has been in better request, and prices are looking upwards him also is firmer, a though as yet no amended quotations can be given in plates for shipment have been in more inquiry Other metals totally without change Quota- tions are -Cr sugared galvanized iron, English make, 21) G , £34, Mores Wood's £30, rod and bar iron, still or IIB brand, assorted invoices, £12, boiler-plate, £14 Scotch bar Iron, £10, hoop iron, £14 , angle and T Iron, £14, p " iron 22s 6d to £1 St shoot her 1, 117 st 11, assorted, 25 to £23, fencing-wire £10 to £17, zinc, Nos 6 and 10, £30 to 30 10s , tin plates, 16 per cent advance, camp ovens, 16 , patent nails, 1s per cent off list The Flour and Vt heat Markets have been, and remain, to utterly unsettled as to render any reliable. report of their condition difficult to afford Our own crop of wheat has undeniably suffered heavily from rust, caused by the excessive o fall of rain , the crops however In the neighbouring colony of South Austra- Ia are beyond doubt excessively heavy but there growers are doing their best, as Is go i crazily believed, to induce the notion that theyhave already shipped the bulk of their superabundant cereals to this and the other neighbouring markets, with a view to rim pi lees up The reports from San Francisco are, certainly, not positively confirmed, but It appears from the most reliable sources of information that the late harvest was superabundant, and every prospect of the coming one being ample, and, from the quotations given, a tempting margin, which is not likely to be overlooked, is of forced to shippers thence to this market There is a strong feeling in the part of holders of Adelaide sorts to prop prices up and at the close of es to-day s market (to day being a holiday) events for Hart's and Magnrov s brands were asking £25 to £20, aid for good milling samples of South Australian wheat 10s. 6d per bushel We hear, however, of no purchasers at these figures In oats considerable transactions have taken place, and prices showed a i indication of better rates ruling a relapse has, how - ever, ensued, and although no decline in prices can be noted, inquiry has temporarily died out Barley remains In light inquiry Maize also has been in les bened demand Bran has been of more ready sale, and considerable quantities have been placed at Is 6d per bushel Quotations are Flour, Tasmanian, norn £23 per ton, and Adelaide, from £24 to £20 per ton, wheat 10s to 10s 6d per bushel, oats colonial, 4s 8d to 4s 6d , Daulbh, 4s., Scotch, 8s ltd , Californian, 4s 4d Cape barley, 4s 3d , malting sorts, 6s 4d to 0s ; bran, is 2d to 3s 3d , maize, new, 5s. to 5s 8d , old, 5s 6d to 6s 8d , oatmeal, Scotch, £20 to £22, and colonial, £24 Oilmen's Stores have remained dull and neglected pickles, jams, and fruits, notwithstanding the late season of the year, move off heavily and at very low figures, large parcels are constantly offering by auction, and the trade are enabled to purchase job lots by this means at far lower rates than invoices can be procured at Quotations for best brands rule as under - Blue, thumb, 10d per lb , curry powder, Shorts, 12s 6d to 13s per dozen , fruits, bottled, 10s o , jams and jellies, 1lb tins, 10s do , lobsters, lib this, American, 7s to 7s 6d do , macaroni, 8d per") , vermicelli, white, Naples and Genoa, Sd do , mustard in bulk, No 2, 7d to 7d do ; do. in lb bottles, 11s per dozen, do In his hollies, 7s 6d do , 0} stirs, preserved, in tins, 0s per dozen, pickles, phil, 5s to 8s do , salad oil, pints, 11s 3d to 12s. per dozen, do . half pints, 6s 6d to OB 6d do salmon, preserved, in tins, 14s 6d do , sardines, halves, 8s 6d do , quarters, 5s 6d do , sauces, assorted, ball pints, 0s do , do Worcestershire (Lea and remus ), 12s. to 12s 6d do ; Btareh (Column s), 4d per lb , vinegar, brown (Champion s 24) 2s to 2s 3d. per gallon, do , con centrated, quarts, 9s 6d to 10s per dozen, white wine, Is (it to Is 6d per gallon Oils - shipments of kerosene have been heavy, and the cost price has fallen Parcels of extent are not readily placed linseed oil is in somewhat large stock and father dull of sale Chinese oil continues very scarce and wanted Castor oil has come to hand latterly more freely, but stocks are nearly all in the hands of one holder latest sales are reported at 4s 6d per gal Hates ore- for kerosene. On 6d for best qualities , Chilton), 0s 6d linseed, at 6s. to is 4d , colza, 6s 6d. to 0s , turpentine, 10s to 10s I'd castor oil, 4s 6d per gallon f Paints and colours are largely supplied, and very dull of sale prices in both nominal I PitehondTar-Scarcely In Inquiry Stockholm tar quoted at 26s to "0s , pitch, at 50s to 50s per laird Powder-Stock of blasting sorts all bought up, and, owing to the light shipments, prices are firm, and every prospect of further advance Qulcksilter-Tile market for this article has, stood the orr had of the last mail, attained a much firmer position Sales have been made at 2s 6d, under wbiehprlco, we believe, no quantity is procurable Rice -The market has assumed a steady position and although a cargo of Patna Is announced for sale by auction, holders are very firm in their demands £19 per ton, duty paid, was yesterday refused for a parcel of fifty tons Salt Strenuous attempts have been made to offset a rise in prices by speculative offers, but the heavy stocks and large coming supplies prevents any favourable result to holders' endeavours Slates are to eat supplied, and In but little inquiry Prices rule as follow - DUCIIOKB, £10 , marchioness, £14 10s , countess, £12 to 120s per 1,000 Sugar -The market has been somewhat unsettled by the variation in the reports received from Mauritius , prices have, however bottled down, apparently at a decline of some 20s to 30s per ton on previous rates but the trees do not come willingly forward The last sale reported was the cargo of the Lot ant, which brought the following rates -£28 to £10 for rations, £31 16s to £34 for browns, £30 to £30 12s 6d for medium counters, £38 to £30 10s for good to fine do, and £43 5s for white crystals Spirits Brandy of best brands has continued In very fair demand , inferior and mixing sorts are, however, very dull of sale at every w i cached price Martell's and BcnnesBj s, of the new vintage, are offering, to arrive, at rather easier than quoted rates Hennessy s cased, for delay cry, in brisk inquiry Kum is In steady request, and fairly sustains in prices Goucta con times in good inquiry), and medium strengths are getting reduced in stock. As hlskoy plentiful in stock, and du 1 of sale Old tom bare of inquiry Quotations -Brandy Martells, dark, On sale, 6s 9d per tallow i Hennessy g do , 8s 6d , pale, scarce, 10s , Otard s, 8s , United v Vineyard Proprietors Company's do, by Champagne Viney and Proprietors' Company s do , 7s 6d , Vinegrowers 7s 6d, Lcgor Freres, 7s , other brands, do, 3s 6d to 7s , pale, Hennessy s, Sis per dozen case, United Viney and Proprietors, 20s , A vinegrowers, 23s , Champadlo Vine yard Proprietors' Companys, 24s , Leeper I acres', 21s , Clouett's, 18s to 19s Geneva. JURy, or key brand, 10s per case , do, do , Os 6d to 6s 6d per half-case, do , other brands, 0s toOs (ii carcase Our London odd tons, host brands 2s 10d to 3s per gallon, do do, 16s per dozen Rum East India, 20-ton o i , Is (it to us 3d per gallon West India, 10 to 12 o p , 3s do ; do. 20 to 30 o p , 8s ed by Whiskey Irish, Mohan s, 3s 6d do , Scotch, best, 3s 01 to 3s 10d do , best brands, 8s 6d to 10s 6d per dozen case Tea-Messrs John Everard and fJo supply the following report -" The P. and O. Company s steamer Northam arrived in Hobson's Bay on the 12th Inst, bringing intelligence, from China to April 1 there has not been on arrival from China, this month, and no tea is on the water for Australia. The market during this month has been better supported, and more private transactions have taken place than at any period during the last three years rubbish has been disposed of that in ordinary times would not find a market at any figure lids, of course. is fortunate to the shipper, but, If repeated, might be the very reverse, as it is only during the excitement of a large demand that a trade can be found for any thing very low The market, however, has been supported at improving rates for all descriptions of tea, with the exception of Canton mace greens, which are a the rough drug, and likely to remain so for some time, as the consumption is now reduced to a very low ebb The public Miles have been -April 25 -The cargo of the Jane, including the very lowest kind of prepared Congou and gunpowder None sold at auction, but all, with the exception of the gunpowder, have been disposed of since at 11d per lb May 6-J ho damaged portion of the cargo per Jane The Congou sold at 7d , the gunpowder at 5d May 18 -4,11J6 packages were tried, including 990 effects of battalion congou, per Berengaria, of 1860 1 there mar der recent arrivals per Berengaria and Elizabeth None were disposed of at auction, but tttoda}saftor w yards the lot, per Elizabeth, of ordinary coarse and low, v ith leaf, consists g of 1,115 chests and half of oats, sold at 4s 3d per lb , the ityshin, per Leiengaria, would have been taken at the same figure May 19 -3,250 packages were tried, but only 200 boxes of common Souchong sold at 4s 4d per lb , afterwards, privately, 270 half-chests ordinary course on I low sold at is 8d and 1,703 chests of but middling rather fresh burnt blackish leaf at Is 6d But middling, rather coarse, and rather strong, to blue! ith leaf kinds at Is 6d to 4s 7d and 4s 5d per lb was refused for 042 half chests of preferable to good ordinary Black Teas, Congou -After the departure of the last mail the market was compara- tively quiet, but previous rates were maintained Shortly after the delivery of the letters per Northam, act Isiiier that no further shipments for the season were likely to be made to Australia, then in increased demand set in, and all available I tricks of how tea were [purchased at an advance on I Previous rates of Jd told per lb This excitement has continued to the present time, and the value has dally Improved, until we can now fairly quote ordinary congou (Foo Chow) at 4s 4d- per lb The demand the last few days has not been confined to come in on congou, but fully 2,600 chests of food to fine castor!, per Fidelio, Zephyrus, Meander, and Minna, have been sold at rather better quotations, with every appearance of improvement on present prices before any of season's 1864-65 can army Scented orange pekoe have also again improved In the absence of arrivals the stock is now reduced to very small For onions Other scents I was without change souchong -A very small parcel has been disposed of at 2s 2d per lb Green Tea There is very little true green in the market, and but little demand, all kinds of Canton greens are a drug and at merely nominal rates Compared with the previous month, the lowest, up to b ack leaf strong congou, are from 3d to 2d per lb dearer, scented teal a nlmdobetter, while Canton greens are more unsaleable than last month, even at the low rates ruling " tember The market continues very quiet, the yards are well. supplied, and trade generally remains dull The high rates of wharfage dues have tended to check transactions Quotations are as follow -For Baltic logs, 2? 9d , Scotch flooring, red, 0 x 12, at 14s white, ex 1{, 11' Od , 0 x i, 11s 6d 6 x 3, 10s 6 x i 7s rd American (nothing in first hands) T and lumber and shoe lug-lumber £810 , shall hit £0 10s , clear pine, £12 to £14 per 4000ft foliáceo-rtan'actlom have not been extensive Holders of really good descriptions are firm in their races and for these descriptions the trade meet the market for is for them, and all not up parcels, and old lots, there are no hay cm, unless at very moderate figures 0 he following quotations, were holder o, cor recent give market prices Tobacco (in bond ) Southern Twist -Barretts Anchor brand, 4s 6d to is, in good supply, Haven, 4s to 4s 6d , Lions, 4s 6d , Sovereign, 4s 6d , Western twist, 3s 6d to 4s , northern twist, 3s 3d to 3s 6d Aromatic light coloured -Pound lumps, 3s 9d to 43 ; half pounds (Southern), 3s 6d to 4s , do (Western, 8s 3d to 3s 6d , fancy sorts (Southern), scarce, 4s 6d toOs Honeydew, half pounds - Western, fine, 5s do, medium, 2s 6d to 3s , Northern, paste pro pared, 2s 6d , do , molasses prepared, Is 6d to 2s to Honeydew, 10 s -Southern, none , Western, fine, 3s , do medium, 2s to 2s 6d , Northern, paste pre 1 ared, 2s to 2s 6d , do, molasses prepared, 2a 10 s (generally very scarce Leaf -Virginian stripped, 2s 9d Sheepwash (In bond) -Plugs, 10d to 5s Id , Calcutta leaf, 4d to 5d , Havannah leaf, 3s to 5s. Manilla cigars, worth 25s to 30s , Swiss clears 45s per 1,000 Vi lines -The market has been and is as dull as can be described to force sales, heavy dosing prices have to be submitted to Port wines especially are very depressed Sherries are scarcely in any demand, and the season for the consumption of light wines having j aBscd, inquiry for these sorts has ceased, and sales are difficult to effect The following are holders quotations, but are, in fact, almost nominal -Values in fair demand, at about the following ] lines - Office s 1 to 4 grape, £45 to Draper J ii o, in bond , Cod burns treble diamond, £75 per pi) e, duty paid, Robinson's crown £60 yet pipe, duty paid Hunt's, (in bond) diamond, £20, double diamond, £41, treble diamond, £56 , four diamonds £08 , common ports, £22 to £46 in bond, per pipe or 112 gallons Sherries Whitehead shem, £78 to £80 per butt, in bond in case, 6ft. per dozen, duty laid C S Campbell s at £110 per butt, duty paid, C de C £02, and W A 1', £85 per butt, duty paid, of 100 gallons to the butt, marsala, £42 duty paid, per butt of 03 callous, case clarets, common qualities, 12s 6d to 22s , duty paid MELBOURNE MARKETS. TUESDAY, MAY 24. THE MILLS -Messrs D and R Gibson, late Dight's Mills, report the follow his -" Flour The market has been a very dull for the past week, has era not being inclined to increase their stocks at the present rates Prices have ruled from £23 to £25 per ton Our prices at present is £24 10s to £25, pollard, Is 6d to 2s ; bran, 2s 3d per bushel Wheat, Very little offer ing ' RETAIL MAI KETS -Butchers' Meat Beef, 4d to 5d per lb , mutton, 3d to 6d do (according to quality), veal, 7d to 8d do , p rk, 8d to 4d do Poultry - Turkey 30s to 10s each, goose, 12s to 14s per pair, ducks, 6s to 7s do , fowls, 6s to 6s do , rabbits, 5s to 5s per brace, butter, fresh, 3s 3d to 1s 6d per lb ; cheese, 10d to 4s do , eggs, 2s 6d to 8s per dozen bread, 10d to 11d the 4lb loaf, milk, 5d to 7d per quart HAt MARKET -Messrs Butler and Moss furnish the subjoined report of this market -"The supply has shown a tendency to increase daily, Tendering sales dull, although the consumption, for the season, is quite up to the average A few loads of prime hay sustain previous rates but other sorts are less firm, and may be quoted a shade lower Vic have sold Best hay, £7 to £8, inferior and second, £3 to £8 10s , straw, £3 to 23s s ' Mr James I'on tons report is as follows " Our supply during the week has been in excess of requirements, and unless it is reduced prices for anything below first-class must be purely nominal Best continues to sell well Quota- tions -Best, £7 to £8, second and inferior, no fixed price, straw, 3s to £810 EASTERN MARK -The market was well supplied with vegetables this morning, which were in good demand at better prices than have been obtained of late fruit is w w getting scarce and higher in price Butter and poultry are still plentiful The following were the prices realized -Vegetables -Jerusalem article okes, lJd to 3d per lb , beans, kidney, 3d per lb , beet, Oil to 1s per dozen , bouquets, 6s to 12s per dozen, cabbages, 6d. to 3s 6d per dozen , carrots, 6d to 1s. per dozen bunches, cauliflowers, 2s to 7s per dozen, celery, 2s to 3s per dozen bunches, crew, water, 6d to 9d per dozen bunches, cucumbers, prickly, 3d per dozen, do , long spine, 6d to (9d per dozen , gallic, 4d per lb , horse radish, 5s to 6s per dozen sticks, lavender. IS per dozen bunches, leek, 8d to (9d per dozen bunches, lettuces to 4s per dozen, marjoram, 6d per dozen bunches, mint, 8d per dozen bunches, onions, dried, 10s to l's. per cwt, do, green, 6d per dozen bunches, parsley, 8d to 1s per dozen bunches , parsnips, Is to 4s. 3d per dozen bunches potatoes, 4s 6d to 3s 6d per cwt t , de, young 8s per ew t pumpkins, 4s to 12s per dozen, radish, 6d per dozen bunches, rhubarb. 2s to 2s per dozen bunches, sage, 8d per dozen bunches, savoys, 2s per dozen, thyme, 8d per dozen bunches, turnips, 6d to 1s. per dozen bunches, tomatoes, 4d to 4d per lb , vegetable marrows, Is 6d to 2s per dozen Fruits Apples, 3d to 6d per lb , figs, 2d to 2d per dozen, pears, 2d to 4d per lb Dairy Produce - Butter, is to Is 6d per lb , cheese, d to 11d per lb , ducks, 6s 6d. to 6s per pair, eggs, 2s 4d to 2s 8d. per dozen , geese, 10s to 12s per pair , hens, 3s 6d to 4s 6d per pair, pork, 6d per lb , rabbits, 2s. to 5s per pair, sucking pigs, 10s each, turkeys, 10s to 105 per pair, bacon, Is to 4s 2d WOOL, TALLOW, AMI HIll Messrs J H Clough and Co report -" Wool- Our last monthly report per Bombay announced the termination of our pro tracted wool season of 1883 4 Since its date we have only to report two small sales, which have been held during the past iv cook, the priced catalogues of which necessarily afford but little indication of the state of the market here, nearly all the lots offered have long been either remnants of clips or odd lots of mixed, greasy, and scoured wools, which were placed at satisfactory prices The news received by the Northam up to the 20th March, re| sorting an odd area in prices in the home market, has given general satisfaction to growers and exporters There appears to be every ground for the general impression which prevails, that our coming clip will be equal, if not superior, to that of he season which has closed Frequent light showers, and comparatively cool weather during the summer months have given abundance of feed whilst the almost universal recognition by our flock masters of the necessity for improving the breed of their sheep has led to creator pains being taken in the management of their stations, and the expense which has been gone to in procuring the best European rams for these purposes, must ensure for Victorian wools an caer encased amount of attention The Customs clearances of wool during the month have been as follow Week ending April 23,311,5071b , £25,037 , April 30, 14J,7701b , £11 636 , May 7, 664, 201 , £38, 111 total, 1,010,2761b, value £75 333 Add previous shipments, from October 10, 1903 to April 19, 1904, 24,081,314 b, value £1,78S,B24 Grand total, 2r),100,6£»Ib , value £l,e04,267 The following ships have cleared with wool since our last report -May 0, La Belle, 1,000 bales. May 7, True Briton, 703 bales total, 2 308 bales And pro ions shipments, from October 19,53, to April 20, 1804, 100,720 bales Tallow - In this market we have no change to report Shippers are prepared to operate only at such prices as will leave a margin for small profit, whilst local consumers are fully supplied The following ships have cleared with tallow since our last months report -May 0, Lucibelle, 604 casks , May 7, True Briton, W casks Total, 775 casks Hides The only shipment which we have to report as having taken place during the month is, 17,070 hides, per Lucibelle, on the Uti) inst We have no alteration to notice In this market " Lui STOCK -Messrs Powers, Rutherford, and Co sued by the following report - ' 1 at Cattle Number in, 1,011 moderate supply- nearly all of which were of good quality from the very large number forward last week, it was expected that the demand would be very slack this, however, was far from being the case, as the demand was very good Indeed throughout and the competition more spirited than has been the case for some time past, all the stock fora and having realised very fair prices We sold 217 head of bullocks, li(,lit-vv eights but good quality, for Mr John Hope at an average of 66 17s and some small lots at market rates Total sold by us, 240 head Quotations -Best bullocks, £0 10s to £8 16s second do , £410 to £0, third do, £3 to £4, best cows, £6 to £7 5s , second do, £4 to £5 10s . third do , 23 10s to £3 10s 1 at Calv cs -> number in eighty-six a moderate supply, for which fair prices were obtained Vi of sold ton from Bacchus Marsh, from 30s. to £2 Us and twenty one (Mr Mcintosh s), from 25s to 35s Prices ranged freshes to 54s, according to size and quality Fat Sheep Minister in, 7 835 Shipping, 700 , graziers, 1,000, trade, 6,605 , total, 7,855 A moderate supply, consisting for the most part of medium and inferior quality In fact, the supply on the whole was perhaps, as far as quality was concerned, the worst we have of h m for some months past The market was very dull In deed, there being no demand except For good quality, which description would have sold readily at high rates Our sales were 342 Mr McIntosh wethers, good quality, 13s 6d to 14s 80 Mr McAuley side in alum, 12s 8d 4109 Chirnside's do good quality, 14s to It's , 1118, Inferior quality, from the north, at 11s to 11s 6d HOME Wilsons(llttlobcttorthanstores)do, 11s 6d 474, Mr Browne, 11s 6d to 12s An out side the yards 1,450, Mr Crawford s, at Os 6d Total sold by us, of 300 Quotations Best we wethers, 13s 6d to 16s , second do , 12s to 13s , Inferior do, 9s to 11s Fat Lambs -number in, 025 a moderate supply, but quite enough for the demand Good quality sold readily at high rates , inferior was with difficulty disposed of We sold 21 (Dr V, Wilson s) 15s to 16s 2d and 28 (Mr Huthurf or d s), at rear Lot rates Prices ranged from 6s to If s 2d , according to size and quality store Cattle -A satisfactory demand still continues, and we find little difficulty in quitting good mobs at pay ing figures, and as the dreaded ills case pleuro-pneumonia seems dying out, purchasers are not so particular as to cattle being inoculated, although preferring stock which have been operated upon Vi of have sold 700 to 800 head, mixed sexes, do lia cry near Deniliquin, at market rates Quotations Bullocks, two to seven years old 40s to 50s, cows (speyed), do, 37s 6d to 42s 6d., do (disposed), do, 30s to 36s , mixed sexes do , 35s to 45s Store Sheep -The demand has considerably quieted down, and not from the lack of purchasers, but simply that the rates ruling at present show, in the estimation of many a doubtful margin, so they prefer deferring their purchases until after shearing Vic- have sold 1,600 w wethers, six and eight tooth, near town, 2,000 do do, Western district, 1,000 ow cs aged, in lamb do , total head, 4,500 Q iota tions -Wethers four, BIX, and eight tooth, 10s to 10s 6d , do do, superior, 11s to Ila (k1 , do , two tooth, 5s to 0s Od ewes, two, four, and six tooth, in lamb, 2s to 14s 6d , do, superior do, 15s to Its 6d., do , full mouthed do , 10s to 12s 6d do , aged, 8s to 8s , weaners, mixed, 8s to 0s , do , all ewes, 6s 6d to 10s for New South Wales and Adelaide Property wethers, four, six, and eight tooth, 1" s 6d to 12s , do , two tooth, 8s to 10s ewes, two, four, and six tooth, 15s to 15s 6d., do , do , superior, 10s to 17s , do , full mouthed, 10s to 14s , w eat crs, mixed, 10s to 11s For the Up cr Darling and Queensland Ewes, two, four, and six tooth, 146 to 183 , do, full mouthed, 9s to 13s Stations - There is very little doing " Reisz MARKET -Messrs GeorgcJIvirk and Co report as follows " The supply of good stock in condition was very limited this week, and prices were consequently, well maintained, all the lots having been readily cleared off at last week's quotations, the market closing firm The number of inferior description offered was greatly in excess of requirements and the prices realized could not pay more than tray clung expenses, numerous sales having been made at 16s to 20s per head There is a brisk Inquiry for heavy draught stock but at this season of the year horses must be in good condition to command com] dillon There is no alteration to notice in hacks and light harness horses The supply continues scout, with a food demand At our sales of un broken stock we disposed of a mob of heavy draught ci Its, from Bacchus Marsh, at from £10 to £31 and a mob of SI head, of a very inferior description, from the Tumut, at an ad cargo of £4 11s Mr Charles Brown gives the following report of Ulli market -"The market this week has been over st asked with horses of an infant or description Beal!; good horses would sell well I have this week dis pond of 85 head from the station of Mr T. Wilkinson, four-act at an average of 40s 11d., but the; were Inferior and in low condition I LABOUR MARKET -The Inquiry for all description of farming and country labour continues very light Married couples have been in fair demand, the preference being given to those unencumbered with young families For male domestics scarcely any In quiry exists I female servants, with respectable re fcrcnccsasto capability and character, are in request and readily obtain situations at full rates of wages ruling from £25 to £40 per annum for from house maids to good cooks i erring women unused to house hold work, or suited only for farm service, have difficulty in procuring engagements, and are consequently numerously unemployed SXAMKM! WAGES are still ruling at £4 per month for distant voyages, and £3 10s for coasting Hi number of hands seeking employment is far boy on the requirement, and a reduction on present rates i w ages is likely to ensue EXPORTS From the Port of Melbourne from the 16th April, (to the 14th May, 1861, compared with the corresponding period of 1863. Agricultural implements Alkali Soda, tons Apparel and slops Arms and ammunition .. Arrowroot, lb, Antluum reasons Bags and sacks Bark, tons Boor Bottled, and. Draught, do. Biscuit, tens Black sand, do. Blankets and wool lens Boats Boms, tens Books Boots and shoes Bran, bushels Brush were Building materials Butter, ton Candles, do. Canvas .. Carpotlng.. Carriages, carts c. > .. Casks, empty Cement ., Chowe, tons Cb i tory .. Coals, tons dot and choco- late, lb... Coir fibre, tons Coffee Cor.fcctlorsry Copper Copper are brassware cordage, tens Corks Cottons .. Cutlery .. Drapery .. Drugs DruinriatA' trade Earthenware Et'gi Fancy goods Felt Fish 83 ted, tons Preserved Flax Flour, tons Fruit Dried .. Green, bushels Furniture Glass Bottles .. rate .. Window Glassware.. . Glue Gold, ounces and Values. 12,361 34 78 2,176 1,028 1,290 822 2,003 2,300 1,194 12-ft 127: 165 1,541 3,084 6,020 1,291 3,01 1,011 6,442 202 48,670 2,042 2,090 1,711 2,874 427 8.70 80 178 180 178] 613,382! 970 1,471 2,646 10,261 2001 184 605] 3,634 7,086 210 433 971 1,016 314 1,665 1,847 50 601,802 Quantities. 2,639 12,688 127,622' 130,964 Quantities. Grain Beans and peas, I bushels Barley, do. , Ware, d ?. Malt .. Oats, bushel Rice .. Wheat, bushels Undescribed do. I Grindery .. Guano, tuns Haberdashery Hair Hardware and ironmongery Hats and caps Hay, tons.. Hides, No. Holloware horns and hoofs. II ops Hosiery .. indiarubber goods Instruments Musical.. Scientific Uren, tons Jewellery.. Lead, tens Leather, do. Leathers are Lime, bushels Linen late stock Case, No. Horses, do. sheet, do. Machinery Marble .. U matches and vestas | Mats and cup .. Meat Com tons Oats, do.. Metal, Allow, do. Millinery .. Molasses .. Nails and screws, tons Nuts Oars Oils Oilcloth .. Oilmen's stores Opium Onion , tels Paints Paintings and on gravings PaperhaugingB .. Perfumery Photographic goods Pitch and tar .. Pipes, tobacco .. Plants and seeds., Plate and plated I 276 2,893 1,876 37: 17,898 2401 1,150! 4,917 110 618 226 226 1748 9,133 2,770 2,793 1,146 2,120 4,675 6,001 61 6,8711 1,0131 497 1211 1,324] 2,638 2,142] 1,427 013 112 4,326 668 (186 226 150 1,04! 543] 73,406 sr. 8,50 97 1836 38 30 074 ' 1,1301 064 200 1,470 21 110] 13,404 1,8431 23,374 14 2,761 452 128 16,574 143 423 coal 8,290 j 40,808 808 1,012 10,050 j ion 2375 2,624 6,686 6,600 3,786 2000 9,710 62 18,700 3 605 2,800 1,1011 3,730 1922 2,283 8,067 80, 2,634 1,604 10 224 4,884 11,320 0,720 1,6581 21,0201 6,292 10 620 7,330 301 76,833 342 2,711 007,292| SHIPPING OF THE MONTH PORT OF MELBOURNE ARRIVALS AND) CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY [B , British, A American , An Austrian Da , Danish D , Dutch F , F French, Ch , Chilian, 19, Portuguese , H. , Hamburg , N , North gian S , Sw dish , Sp , Spanish , Sd , Sardinian , Belg, Belgian , Br, Bremen , Pr, Prussian , It, Russian, s ship b barque, br, brig, se, schooner, st, steamer ] April ABItlt KD 20 But as family, B s, 1,760, W Buchanan, Liverpool Lorimer, Marwood, and Co 2 Victoria, H M t s s seven guns, W H Norman, Tasmania 27 Adriana, B s , 1,000, G A. Hatfield, Liverpool - Lorimer, Marwood, and e of 27 to Norman Bb, 254,1 Orfeur, Mauritius Joshua Brothers 28 General Butler, As , 1,176, J N Wood, Gordon burg-J S Joseph SO Vortigern, B S , 840, N S Hedstrom, Now Zoo land -Douglass De Little and Co May 7 Metals, B b , 244, T Bicknell, Mauritius - Wui Bayley and Co 10 Tudor, B s, 1,780, F Warland, Liverpool - Bright Brothers and Co 11 Achilles, Br s , 248, H G Bulling, Mauritius - A florin Sugar Company 11 Garrawalt, B s, 027, 0 Shepherd, London - Dalgety and Co 12 Isorthiun, B sa.OO"!, N J Skottowe, Point de Calle Sparkes 12 Catherine, B h, 414, W J Lowe, Java Boyd and Co 13 Formosa B b, 386, J Beaton, Mauritius - Joshua Brothers 14 Annie Bilston, B , s SOI. P C Peterson, London - Michaelis, Boyd, and Co 14 I L R, B s , 705, W A Abbott, London - Woodville, Jarrett, and Co 15 Team S s, 633, C A Brandt, Gottenburg - Pi ost, Kohler, and Co 15 lettered], B s, 1,230, S F Nixon, London - Bright brothers and Co 15 State and von der Horn on, D s , 551, r not merely, Calcutta Tondeur and Co 19 Bastian Pot, D b 760, P Van der LToog, Rot verdant Bligh and Harbottle 10 Formosa Br s , 308, F Kohler, Calcutta, Fan ning, Nanklv ell, and Co CLLAIILD our April 20 Venus B s , 1,213, D Easton, Callao Lorimer, Marwood, and Co 28 Excellent, B s , 1,212, B Smith, Callao -Oppon Wehner and Co 28 Invercauld, B s., 856, G Bulgaroo, Callao-Dal gell and Co 20 Brttco, 1! s , 1,110, B MTco, Point de Galle -J Henty and Co 30 Eureka B s , 834, E E Hall, Point de Galle - Newell and Co 30 Harmonia, B b,644,J Botorloy,Callao.-Joshua Brothers May 2 Jane, B h, 854, J Stephenson, Sourabaya J Marshall and Co 2 Jan Tetker, D b , 207, It C Mossom, Guam - Tondeur and Co 3 Commodore, B b, 426, J Anderson, Queen - Macfarlan and Co 3 Albion, B a, 1,127, W Dibbs, Callao Bright Brothers and Co 3 2s Initial, B s , 1,359, W Sargeant, Calcutta - Bright Brothers and Co 0 Burgomeister Hoffman, D b, 608, L Grafthaus, Batavia Joshua Brothers C City of Melbourne, s s, 1,828, B Jones, Callao Bright Brothers and Co 0 Lucibelle, B s , 016, P Bluett, London -Michaelis, Boyd, a d Co 0 True Briton, B s , 1,040, G H Bawn, London - VI P Y. Tito and Co O Tertio, 1 b 3 2, A Tahit, Pondicherry running Nankivel), and Co 11 Royal Family, B s , 1,760, W Buchanan, Callao -doning, Marwood, and Co 12 Jorgen Bruhn, Du b, 706, E Krebs, Hong Kong -season, 'Mr Williams, and Co 14 Bolingbroke, B s, 1,260, U Boss, Calcutta - Miller and Johnston 14 Lletnorc, S br , ISO, J A Brockman, Battle - Captain 14 John. B b, 524, G Liddle, Callao Joshua Brothers 14 Poilhoj, B s , 34, J Gascoigne, Java Young and Martin 17 Jane Lakey, B b , 205, It Oruzolier, Mauritius - M Rolley and Nephew 17 Antelope, S b , 363, C J L Hallstrom, Callao - Dalgety and Co 18 Felicia B s., 1,285, E J Newman, Callao - Michaelis and Co 18\. Independent, F B, 617, A Labor, Guam - M. Sellar, and Co TO Norman, B b , 254, T Offer, Guam Joshua Brothers 20 Adrian a, B s , 1,305, G A Hatfield, Point de Galle Lorimer, Marwood, and Co PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY AND SINCE THE DEPARTURE OF, THE APRIL MAIL Aron, 20 B M S S Bombay -for King George's Sound Mrs Isaacs For Ceylon Mr Denis. For Madras Mr, Miss, and Miss F llinslowo For Bombay EMU Khan for Suez'. Mr Sanders for Mar secures Messrs Peace, Parnell, A Parnell, Clifton, Tatr', Lockyer Clarke, Tinley, Jackson, Tarrant, Clear, Hayward, Carpenter, and Anderson MAY 3 Lucibelle, for London - Saloon: Mrs. Edwards, Mrs. and Miss Marsden, Mrs. Solomon and child, Miss Powell, Mr. P. Ewart, and Captain M'Donald MAV 0. True Briton, for London Cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Fenton, child, and servant ; Mr. and Mrs. Barnett, Miss Crawford, Mr. Crawford, Mr. and Mrs. Raymont and child, Mr. Burrows, Mr. and. Mrs. Terry, family, and servant; Mr. T. Maidment, Mrs. McIntyre and family, Mr. Millar, Mr. Hart, Mr. and Mrs. Vance, the Rev. N. Dozen, Mr. Nation, Mr. and Mrs. Malcolm and family, Miss Hope, Masters Davenport (two), Capt. Le Mercier, Messrs. Finlayson, Muirhead, Davis, Walsh, and Dixon. ______^___ 