OPINION OF MR. SERGEANT MANNING, Q.C., ON THE HOLSTEIN SCHLESWIG DISPUTE. -? (From the Atheiiccum, January 9,1864, and from manu- J scrip i corrections and additions of the learned Sergeant, j supplied to the Sydney Morning Herald.) I Sergeant's Inn, January 5, 1861. I. HOLSTEIN. I THE claim of Christian the Ninth to the Duchy of Holstein may be examined with reference, first, to the right as it existed before, and irrespectively of the London treaty of 1852 ; secondly, to the right either created or recognised by that treaty. 1\. It seems to be admitted that the right of succeeding to the three Duchies of Sleswick, Holstein, and Lauenburg, on the death of Frederick the Seventh, vested in Prince Christian, his successor on the throne of Denmark, unless a better title could be shown in some member of the Argus tenburg line. Such a title has been attempted to be set upon behalf of the son of the Duke of Augustenburg. To this title two objections are raised : first, that the claimant is the issue of a morganatic marriage ; secondly, that his father (who is alive) has renounced all right to the succession, and has received the advantages for which he stipulated as the price and consideration for that renunciation The fact of the morganatic marriage, it is believed, is not disputed, and it has long been established that the issue of a morganatic marriage follow the fortunes of the mother. If the father be a prince and the morganatic wife a noble, the issue are noble, but not princely adding, aber fireflies night). The issue are, for all purposes, the lawful children of the mother, and can inherit her property, but they have no claim upon the rank the titles or the property of the father. So, if a noble contract a morganatic marriage with a bourgeoise, the issue are bourgeois ; so if a prinoo*oontraot a morganatic marriage with a bourgeoise. This objection is sought to be met by saying that numerous sovereigns, whose rights of succession have never been contested, are descended from mesalliance. But a morganatic marriage and a mesalliance are totally different as to their effects. If a prince contract a marriage, pur yet simple, in tbcordicary form, with the daughter of a peasant (a Griselda), with his right hand, the issue are not less in- heritable than if the mother had been a princess born ; while a morganatic marriage, which is with the left hand, does not invest the issue with any right to the inheritance of the father. Before 1852, the Duke of Augustenburg had been pardoned, and received from the King of Denmark four hundred thousand pounds upon condition of renouncing for himself and his descendants all claim to the Duchies, pledging his princely word that neither he nor any person claiming through him should make any claim to the Duchies. The £400,000 was paid by the King of Denmark, after which the Duke of Augustenburg ceded his rights of succession tohissonFrederick, the present claimant. This prince protested against the renunciation, but kept this protest a profound secret until the whole of the £410,000 had been paid to his father. The validity of such remunerations and their binding effect upon descendants have long been part of the public law of Europe. By the treaty of the Pyrenees in 1660, Louis the Fourteenth, upon his marriage with the Infanta Maria Theresa daughter of Philip the Fourth, and sister to his son, who became king by the name of Charles, the Second, in 1665,- renounced for his wife and her descendants all right of succession to the Crown of Spain. On the death of Charles the Second in 1700, the right of succession would, but for the renun- ciation, have been clearly In his nephew, the Dauphin, as descendant, through his deceased mother, of Philip the Fourth, whereas the Austrian claimant was descended from a daughter of Philip the Third and sister of Philip the Fourth. No claim was set upon the part of the Dauphin. The dispute was between Charles of Austria, claiming in right of his brother the Emperor Joseph, as next heir by virtue of the renunciation, and Philip, Duke of Anjou, the second son of the Dauphin, on whose behalf Louis the Fourteenth accepted a bequest in his favour contained in the will of Charles the Second. It was never contended that the Dauphin asuld claim as heir notwithstanding the renunciation of 1680, though but for this renunciation, both the Dauphin and his eldest son, the Duke of Burgundy (afterwards the second Dauphin), would have preceded Philip the Fifth. At the Peace of Utrecht, in 1713, the recognition of Philip the Fifth as King of Spain was coupled with the condition that he should, for himself and his descendants, renounce all right of succession to the Crown of France. There can be no reason for suspecting that there existed a doubt in any of the parties to that treaty, as to the remuneration of the eventual succession to the Crown of France being binding upon Don LUIB, then Prince of Asturias, and the other children of Philip the Fifth. If it could be supposed that the renunciation did not bind the descendants of Philip, his male heir, the Conda- de Montemoliu (Don Carlos), as a descendant of Louis the Fourteenth, would on the death of the Comte de Chambord, the Henry the Fifth of the Legitimists, become their Charles the Eleventh, to the exclusion of the Orleans branch, whose descent is from the brother of Louis the Fourteenth. It cannot be doubted that on the death of Henry the Fifth without male issue, the Conde de Montemolin would become the head of the House of Bourbon, but it may be safely affirmed that the Legitimists would, in conformity with the renunciation of 1713, transfer their allegiance to the Comte de Paris. Anne, Duchess of Brittany, upon her marriage with Charles the Eighth, renounced her right in the Duchy in favour of the crown of France. On the death of Charles, his cousin, who succeeded him as Louis the Twelfth, married the widow. The issue of that marriage was Renee, the Protestant Duchess of Ferrara, who, but for the renunciation, would, on her mother's death, have succeeded to the duke- dom, which remained and remains annexed to France. I cannot be said that the son of the Duke of Augustenburg is not bound by the renunciation made by his father. It was never surmised that the Prince of Asturias, as well as the younger sons of Philip the Fifth, were not bound by their father's renunciation of the right of succeeding to the crown of France. Even if it could he seriously contended that the renun- ciation reade by the Duke of Augustenburg bound himself only, that prince is still alive, and his son now claims, not in his own right, as the next heir, but as the session are of a right which had, as against the recent father, been extinguished long before the cession was made. 2\. To understand the bearings of the London treaty of 1852, the state of the right of succession, as it existed previously, must be considered. The family of the Counts, afterwards Dukes, of Holstein, ' had long been divided into four branches. Of these, the eldest and reigning branch acquired four centuries ago the crown of Denmark, The last prince of this line was the late King of Denmark and Duke of Holstein, Frederick the Seventh. The crown of Denmark was descendible to females in default of males, but the County or Duchy of Holstein was'deecendible to males only. The three junior branches of the Holstein family were, first, that of Augustenburg ; secondly, that of Glucksburg; and, thirdly, that of Gottorp, which latter branch ascended the throne of Russia in the person of Peter the Third, the great-grandfather of Alexander the Second, the present Emperor, who inherits the tide of Duke of Holstein Gottorp. Unless that Prince's title is barred by a renunciation made by his grandfather, in 1778, the right to the district of Holstein-Gottorp, which happens to include the most coveted part of Kiel, would, on the death of the late King Frederick the Seventh, vest in Alexander the Second. " The house of Augustenburg was wholly unconnected with Denmark, but Prince Christian of Glucksburg, now Christian the Ninth, represented, through the females, the royal family of Copenhagen. The Duke of Augustenburg had, in 1848, joined ft rebellion in Holstein, one of the numerous echoes of the Paris Revolution of February. Upon the suppression of this re- bellion The Duke of Augustenburg was pardoned upon condition of relinquishing his contingent right of succession to that Duchy for the benefit of Prince Christian of Clocks burg: who, by reason of a renunciation made by the Land- gravure of Hesse, had become the presumptive heir to the crown of Denmark. The object of the Treaty of London of 1852 was to give a European sanction to this arrangement, which scoured the integrity of the Danish monarchy. The representatives of the five great Powers, England, France, Russia, Austria, and Prussia, and of Sweden, assembled in London, determined that it was of importance to the interests of Europe that no severance in the dominions then governed by the Danish King, Frederick the Seventh, should take place upon the death of that sovereign without issue, It was therefore provided by the - Treaty then cluded that, upon the occurrence of that event, Prince Christian, of Glucksburg, the appointed heir to the crown of Denmark, should succeed as inheritor of the Duchies. it. It had been considered to be expedient to make the declaration of the right of succession in favour of Prince Christian dependent upon the execution of arrangements relating to the internal affairs of Sleswick or of Holstein, it would have been competent to the Treaty Powers to insert such a condition in the London protocol of 1830, or, at the latest in the London Treaty of 1852, by which that pro- tool was formally ratified. The propriety, or the expediency, of creating such a connexion and subordination was neither considered nor suggested, and that, for obvious reasons. According to those arrangements, certain acts were to be done and certain other acts were to be abstained from. With respect to the former, the right of succession would, upon the newly formed German hypothesis, have remained in abeyance until the acts were not only done, but were universally acknowledged, or were, by some well defined process, ascertained to have been done. With respect to the latter class of acts those which were to be abstained from the uncertainty as to the succession would necessarily continue until the i acts were done which were not to be done, or until the possibility. of their being done had ceased to exist. If the right of succession had been considered at the time of the treaty to be contingent, it would have been an evident necessity to fix some visible, palpable, and unmistakable mode by which the performance or the nob-per formance of the acts was to be ascertained. In the absence of such a guide, it would have been incumbent upon every inhabitant of the Duchess, is not upon every individual of the population of Denmark, to determine, mo periculo, whether the case provided for by the Treaty-bad actually arisen. The inhabitants of the Duchies would have been in a predicament not less awkward than that of the men of Augers who were summoned to decide between the conflict- ing claims of King John and Ma unhappy nephew, or than that of Henry the Sixth's judges when, required by the meet, at the imminent risk of an,, at (ander, to state their opinion as to the validity of the claim to the English Crown made in Parliament by Richard Duke of York. After these recent and still subsiding disturbances, nothing short of a miracle, in the absence of some recognised judge on dernier ressort, could have brought about a general uniformity of opinion upon this subject in the Duchies and in Denmark. No party to the Treaty of 1852 can, it is conceived, stultify itself to the extent of saying that the six Powers acted ultra vires. It might as well be contended. that the territorial arrangements made at the Peace of Utrecht were void. By that treaty Spain was secured to Philip the Fifth, who had no other title than that derived from the will of Charles the Second, which will give him the Netherlands also. But the Netherlands were awarded by the treaty to Austria, by which power they were held down to the French Revolution. If, on the other hand, the will was to be treated as a nullity, then, by virtue of the renunciation in 1660, the Emperor Charles the Sixth, who hadauooeedeñ his brother Joseph, became entitled to the entire monarchy ; yet, though he get Netherlands, he was deprived of Spain and the Indies. Joseph, however, had left two daughters, and as Brabant, Flanders, and the other provinces in the Netherlands, were descendents to females, the eldest daughter of Joseph would, after his death, have become entitled to the Netherlands, but for a family compact to which the Emperor Leopold had obtained the assent of his two sons, Joseph and Charles, By this compact, which was never supposed to require any recognition or registration, Joseph was to take that which BOW forms the Austrian empire, and Charles was to take the Spanish, succession. In the event of Joseph's dying without male issue, Austria, See,, was to go to Charles, and upon his dying without male issue, the whole was to go to the daughters of Joseph in preference to the daughters of Charles, Though Charles availed himself of this compact to interrupt the descent his nieces, ho, in 1745, reversed the order of succession by putting his own daughter Maria Therese before the daughters of his benefactor Joseph. To this shameless violation of a solemn family compact, the fruits of which Charles was enjoying, was given the name of Pragmatic Sanction, and to sanctify the fraud, the instrument by which his nieces were robbed, and eventually enthroned, was presented to the different provincial assemblies. Upon the death of Charles the Sixth, in 1740, the whole of the Austrian dominions were claimed by Maria Theresa, the ancestress of Francis Joseph, by force of the Pragmatic Sanction to the exclusion of her eldest cousin, who was of common right the heiress to the Netherlands and other provinces of general descent, and who, by the family compact, ought to have succeeded to the entire monarchy. England, France, Russia, and Sweden signed the treaty of 1852, without any condition either expressed or implied and if the signatures of Austria and Prussia were affixed subject to an unexpressed and excommunicated condition, this result would follow that if the condition were not complied with Christian the North would be the legitimate successor to the Duchies, quoad England, France, Russia and Sweden, and might be disentitled to the succession quoad Austria and Prussia, And this is the effect of the construction attached in Germany to a treaty framed for the express purpose of fixing the course of descent and avoiding the possibility of a disruption of the monarchy. A pamphlet by an anonymous writer ("The Dane German Conflict and Lord Russell's Proposals of Mediation "), lately published, apparently for the purpose of placing the conduct of the late Danish Government in an odious light with reference to the revolt in Holstein and the hostile attitude assumed by the Frankfort Diet, contains this assertion, " The consent of Austria and Prussia to the London protocol was made dependent upon Denmark's accepting the above terms," p. 33. What is meant by " the above terms, it is difficult, if not impossible, to discover ; but these words are evidently intended to convey the idea that Denmark was substantially a party to the protocol, and was required by that instrument to accept certain terms, whatever those terms may be supposed to have been. Both these positions are unfounded. Denmark was neither directly nor indirectly a party to the protocol, and that document does not contain the most distant allusion to the acceptance or the non-acceptance, by Denmark, of any terms whatever. in the same pamphlet we una, p. m, " it should be a noted, however, with reference to this real union [the I union between the four states, Denmark, Sleswick, Holstein and Lauenburg, constituting the Danish monarchy 1, that an important condition to its legal validity still remains unfulfilled, viz, that the law changing the succession, though it has passed the Danish Parliament, has never been submitted to either of the Diets of Schleswig [the High German, not the vernacular name of the Duchy of Sloswiok ; the Danish cargo I'B Slesvig] or Holstein. Now although it is very certain that the will of the Great Powers is quite sufficient to secure the succession of the designated heir to the whole of the Danish monarchy, it is equally certain that until this succession has been consented to by the Diets of the Duchies, his title will not be a legal one and that a permanent settlement of the Danish question and the peace and tranquillity of that important portion of Europe are not to be hoped for till that consent has been obtained." Thus although it is stated in this pamphlet that it is very certain that the will of the Great Powers is quite sufficient to secure the succession of the designated heir to the whole of the Danish monarchy, yet the writer immediately goes on to say that it is equally certain that the will of those Powers is not sufficient without an adoption by the Diet of the Duchies. The two Duchies of Sleswick and Holstein are here alluded to, but the qualification, if good for anything, would extend to Lauenburg also. Taut, if the Diet of any one Duchy chosen by a majority of one member to exercise its liberum veto, the ol Leda of the protocol might be wholly defeated, and the integrity of the Danish monarchy might be destroyed by the casting vote of a single individual in a single Duchy. The pamphlet also says in a postscript, p. 76, " Who is Duke of Holstein for however distasteful to the English public it may be to be told the fact, a fact it nevertheless undoubtedly Is, that Christian the Ninth, at the present moment the rightful King of Denmark, is not as yet the rightful Duke of Holstein. His only title to succeed in this Duchy consists in the good wishes placed on formal record by the parties to the London Treaty of 1852, when they agreed in the event of Frederic the Seventh dying without issue to recognise the right of succession to the British Monarchy of Prince Christian of Gluokstadt, j c, a right of succession which, at the time the Treaty was signed, had still to be created, and which, owing to the unfortunate policy of the Danish Cabinet, has, up to the present moment, as regards the Duchies, not been created." Thus, the Treaty of 1852, which professed to be made for the purpose of securing the integrity of the Danish Monarchy, would amount to no more than a decoration that if each of the four members of the Danish monarchy should at some undefined future period, contrary to all probability, agree in upholding the integrity of that monarchy, the five Powers were prepared to acquiesce in such an agreement. I II. As TO ELESWICK. I Independently of any dispute as to the right of succession, a further question arises with respect to this Danish Duchy. For nearly ten centuries the little river Ryder has formed the boundary between Saxons and Danes Eydera Romani terminus imports. It has now apparently ceased to protect Denmark from its Southern neighbours, the Saxon invaders being backed by forty millions of ambitious Germans. This Northern Rubicon offers but a feeble obstacle to German acquisitiveness. the German claim to a right of interference in Sleswick appears to rest upon several grounds, Of those one is, (hit about four hundred years ago the possessor of both Duchies having declared that they should always be united, the control which the Diet of Frankfort exercises over the Duchy of Holstein entitles that body to regulate the succession, and to interfere in the internal administration of Sleswick. The claim put forward by the Diet may be illustrated thus : If George the First, for the purpose of establishing an in- dissoluble connection between the electoral mantle and the Royal Crown of Great Britain, had prevailed upon a British Parliament to adopt the Hanoverian order of succession, the Diet of Frankfort might have claimed a right to interfere with the succession to the British Crown, and to extend a self- denying vigilance to the regulation of the British exchequer. The second ground of the claim is, that Sleswick has, for good or for evil, obtained a large accession to its population from German immigration. With equal or greater plausibility might the Diet claim a right to control the State elections, and to interfere in the management of the State finances in Pennsylvania a country inhabited by more Germans than are to be found in the Duchies, by immigrants speaking the German language; whereas, even in Holstein, German is the language of the higher orders, like English in the county of Carnarvon. It is, however, true that the difference between English and Welsh is greater than that which exists between German and the Platt Deutsch of the Boleteinere. After the Revolution has fleshed its sword in Sleswick or Jutland, it will probably make short work with the Dutch In Luxemburg and Limberg, but will probably make some pause, however short, before proceeding to Brandenburg and Bhein-Preusten. A third ground of claim would perhaps find little support, except among the malcontents of the Duchies. With these loud disclaimers, the By der forms but a paltry boundary between the Germans in Holy win and their suffering Dane- ridden countrymen in Sleswick and if the Rhine presents a natural boundary for the eastern departments of France, a more complete and definite natural northern boundary is supplied to Germany by the Baltic, the North Sea and the Sound. The patriotic songs of sea-girt Sleswick-Holstein" are not likely to move the Diet sitting at Frankfort to adopt this view of the case. A zeal for natural boundaries would be apt to cool in the distinctness with which the booming of the cannon at Mentz reaches the halls in which Modern Germany, whether represented by the vacillating councils of the Diet or by the more vigorous proceedings of the National Convention, is want to assemble. The fourth, and probably the only real ground of the anti-British feeling which now pervades Germany, is the strong aspiration for German unity. It would be difficult to begin in the south, by requiring the King of Hungary and Bohemia to relinquish his hold upon Austria, Carinthia, Garrula, Styria, and the Tyrol ; or on the east, by requir- ing the King of Prussia to give up Brandenburg ; or on the west, by demanding Alsace from France. But in the north a more inviting field of action is open, By means of a Federal execution, which, however obscure its motives, it is within the competency of the Diet to send, access is gained toSleawick; and the Federal general who shall cross the IByder will perhaps be hailed throughout Germany by the old imperial title, abandoned in 1866: " Zu allen Seiten Meherer de* RetoU," At all times enlarger of the remain. E. J. MaïWtKO, QttV's. 