NEWS OF THE WEEK. FRIDAY EVENING. WE oro bound to congratulate porliuiuent upon tho earnestness with which tho public business is, now being transacted- by both Houses. Iu tho Council, on Tuesday, tho hon. Mr. Wood's Marriage Lows Amendment Bill was passutl, thc resolutions respecting tho Pur- liamunt Buildings Commissioners' Report— constituting tho commissioners a joint com- mittee of both Houses of parliament, with authority to call for tenders for tho promiato designs, and for two others of mont?wero finally considered and adopted. On Wednes- day the Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Bill, and the Jury Bill wero passed, and tho Publi- cans Act Amendment Bill was read a second limo. On Thursday, thu liinku.-peiv Protection Bill, thu Light Dues Bill, and thu Small Deli!* Bill wera rend ii second time ; thu Real Estate Intestate Bill (Mr. lt. Cribb's) was thrown out. uni the resolutions nf the Assembly (ni'iiv.l by Dr. Chollinor) for remit- ting half thu duly on imported uniuauufucl tired tobacco were ulso rejected. Though several other questions wero lornnlly dealt, willi euell day, hon. members did liol, assembl,. un any day in stilllci nt numbers to puss the see.in.l rea lin'-; or file bill introduced hythe hon. MV Bli-a-us ton.on behalf of th.) govern neill, for altering I he constitution ol' the Legislative Cottueil. lu teed, wo shat! not be mii>pri->u.l lo sea lin bili di cliiirged. It is worthy ol' mention that the hon. Mr. Wulfs has introduced nhill fur preventing the cureless usu of lire. On Tuesday, tho Legislative Assembly voled "the thanks of this llouso" to Mr. Frederick Walker, tho eminent explorer, for-his services lo this colony. " Beiler latu than never." 'This was a graceful tribute to a very wort hy man, who will, doubtless, not Ihinlt.lcss ol' it for having been so long withheld. Mr. Douglas brought forward tho motion, and tho Colonial Secretary cordially concurred in all thu kind things thal thu hon. ¦number said of Mr. Walker. The career of Mr. -I. Leith Hay, us Commissioner of Crown Lands for tho Kennedy district and Police Magistrate for Port Donison, was, on tho sumo day, ruviowed with "sour suverity" by the Secretary for Lands and Works, when speaking to a motion brought, forward iii Mr. Hay's bo half by Mr. Lilley. Tho Brisbiinu Gas Com- pany's Incorporation Bill hus licuu referred to a select committee with tho usual foruuditicH. Mr. R. Cribb, who seemed determined to distin- guish himself for his -attempts at abortive legis- lation, had tho mortification to sou his Sum- mary Ejectment Bill summarily ejected from thu llouso when ho brought it forward for second reading. Thu Public Buildings Bill of tho government has been passed. It. most unjustly deprives tho Municipality of Bris- biinu of the endowment from proceeds of loud soles which ilpossossos under tho existiug law, mid it is therefore a violation of all engage neills into which tho corporation hos entered on be- half ol' tho city. Tho Municipal Institutions Bill hos ulso passed. Thu Vohmtcurs' Corps Bill has been read n second time. 'Thu subdivi- sion of Lands Bill has been passed through committee with amendments. 'Tho Jury Bill anti tho Divorce Bill have buen read tl first time. The Additional Members Bill was read a second time and passud through committee. It has been so amended that, it gives six new members to tho outside districts, tho originally proposed new electorates of " Drayton and Dalby and Coiidamiiio " having buen squelched. Thu Gold Export Duty Bill has been passed through the same important stages. Thu new duly is "ono and sixpunec an ounce;" and government have eaten humblopiu in thu mut leroi'the unnulhorisad collection of two mid sixpence un ounce, ami havo expressed theil- willingness lo remit al that hus beun collected slice tho end of June last. To-day, thu Enclosure of Ron-U Hill wat' read it second tittie and considered in eomnil tco. Considerable progress was iiuulu with tin estimates of thu depart mont of Hie Suerutary for Lands and Works. Tho arrival of tho English mail was tele- graphed from Adulaidq on Wednesday evening, anti wo havo published a lengthy despatch giving the principal heads of tho intelligence. The far-fainud Alabaina.hu> been sunk by a Federal cruisor. The Conference on the Gorman- Danish wur hus not succeeded in bringing tho bclligoronts to amicable terms. An information for libel wus laid by Mr. J. Leith Hay, at Ipswich, oguinst Mr. W. W. Mac- alister, son of thu Sueretary for Lands and Works. 'Tho case was heard on Wodncsduy, and dismissed by tho local bench. The nomination of candidates to represent North Brisbano in tho Legislative Assembly, in the room of Mr. W. Brookes, whose seat was declared vacant upon the report of the Com- mittee of Elections and Qualifications, took place on Wednesday. Three candidates were nominated, Mr. Brookes himself, Mr. J. Gore Jones, and Mr. T. S. Warry, on whose petition the late member was unseated. Mr. Brookes had the majority in the show of hands," and the other candidates demanded a poll. An unusual circumstance in the proceedings of the day was that five out of the six proposers and seconders where members of parliament, while the three candidates were all ex-members of the representative branch of the legislature of the colony. Mr. Jones alone has been assiduous in wooing the sweet voices of the electors, he having held several meetings during the week. An iron letter-receiver has been erected under the authority of the Postmaster-General at the corner of Queen and Edward streets (near Southerden's drapery shop). During the week a memorial has been presented to Mr. Prior, requesting him to cause a similar receiver to be erected, and a letter carrier appointed, to meet the requirements of the residents on and adjacent to Petrie Terrace. The wishes of the memo- rialists will doubtless meet with ready com- pliance from the Postmaster-General. A young man, a carpenter, mimed Miohnol Hourigan, was ucciJontally killed on Wednos day .forenoon, by frilling from ono of tho buildings now in course of erection on tho site of tho lato Uro in Quooii-streot. Ho wus a ii recont arrival in tho colony, steady and indus- tl triotis, and tho mom support of his aged mother and un only sister. Tho newly-formed Carpenters' and Joiners' Progressive Society provided.!) very respectable funeral for their deceased member. A groud fancy bazaar is projected in Ipswich for tho purpose of raising a fund for,tho com- pletion-of tho local School of Arts, towards which building tho Assembly hos resolved to grout £1000. conditional upon a like amount boing raised by the inhabitants of the town. This is the season of large vegetables, and!we aro mado tho repository pf vaned information as to tho Brobdignagian proportions nf cauU flowers grown in tho vicinity of the city, tome of them weighing ns high as fourteen and six- teen pounds. It is to be desired that our market gardeners will persevere in their efforts to supply thu public with wholesome food of tho varieties with which thoy are supposed to be best acquainted. Thu cultivation of culinary, vege- tables is in need of considerable development here. A lad named Thomas Jackson, who had been engaged on board the cutter Mermaid, was drowned some days ago in tho Brisbane, near the Seventeen Mile Rocks. The master of the cutter, Richard Stratford, bravely leaped over- board to save the poor boy ; but he was unsuc- cessful, and, indeed, ran great risk of losing his own life. The coroner's jury brought in a ver- dict of accidental death, and expressed their high sense of Stratford's courage and humanity. A talented company of actors from Sydney, including tho Brothers Younge, have engaged thu School of Arts for tho purpose of giving a scries of dramatic representations. The Ipswich Grammar School is in a very flourishing condition. The present; quarter commenced with sixty-seven pupils) and in view of a further increase of the numbera, ar- rangements have been made for erecting addi- tions to thu present handsome building. When will tho people of Brisbane recover from their, lethargy, and set about establishing a Grammar School in tho metropolis? As some of Mr. Jordan's friends were de- sirous to put him in nomination for the repre- sentation of tho city, ho very firmly intimated that hu would not only not be a party to such a proceeding, but that even if elected he must decline taking a seat in tho Assembly, Tho weather since Friday last has been very inclement.- For three or four days there was incessant rain over a largo extent of cosntry, tho Bromor being flooded, and tho Brisbane conse- quently in a " fresh;" and then mcceeded chil- ling westerly gales. There was a promise of a oliango for tho hotter to- day. On Monday evening tho Gorman inhabitants, of Brisbano hold a meeting,.tho object of:which was to consider how thoy could best express thoir sympathy with their countrymen at home who aro fighting tho battle* of SclUeiwig-Hol stein. It was resolved to make a subscription in favor of the widows and orphans of the fallen, and to forward tho same to Duke Ernest, of. Saxo-Coburg, President of thu German National Association, for distribution. A meeting was held oh Monday evening, iii tho School of Arts, for thu purpoio of eliciting nu oppression of public opinion upon the Immi- gration Bill now before the Legislative Assembly. Several resolutions wero passed affirming the lesir ibleiicss of Bound logislativo action for securing to th.- colony ti constant -troam of im- migration, unobstructed hythe " vu!gar checks" pi- opoivl hy the govi-rnni nt ; and, thiiroby,.re g.iitiing the serviccsof Mr. Jordan ut hoino. Tho resolutions were all very proper, and.will, ito doubt., in they should, receive thu farorablocon- sideration of tliiig'ivormiK-nt.; but it. is shrewdly thought that, pilbil'.- opinion might bo moro ade- quately u-cpi-csscd if thu business of gutting up meei nigs in Brisbane omi addressing thom wero not olio veil so often to fall into thc hands of an " itiocilablu few" self-elected monopolists of dislnturuste Incss oud patriotism. Persons who are superior to local prepossessions must have a poo,- opinion of thu citizens generally whon they lin I th Mu submitting every political and social question to tho censorship of the same sat of individual.-*, some of whom got into prominent positions tty force of impuduiico iii thrusting themselves beforo molest and abler mon. As to members of parliament during session taking part in public meetings for the discussion of subjects that came before thom in " aiiol bur place," we think thu practice open to objection ; and we would recommend thc me- tropolitan representatives to abstain from it in future. Even if they hove " ambition to mako thu balls, let others fire thom." A deputation from thu meeting in question waited on tho Colonial Secretary and presented tho resolutions to him. and during thu week a petition embody- ing their sense wus presented to the Assembly, mid received. ??'.-.'. Tho unntiivorsiiry soiree of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland, was held on Monday evening in the Ann-street church. Amongst thu clergymen who held forth on tho occasion was the Rev. Dr. Lang. The shooting matches of the Queensland Rillo Association wore commenced at Ipswich yesterday, and continued to-day. They had stood postponed for somo days in consequence of tho inclement wouthor. 'Thu nows from the north is interesting. The gold diggings aro " looking up," particularly that, of Peak Downs, to willoh a now road is about to bu oponed. That on tho Boyne River is attracting ft great deal of attention. Port Denison is exhibiting tho public spirit that pro vails amongst its inhabitant", for there was a very successful race meeting last month. - Thu A. S. N. Company has raised the fares by its southern steamers to double the figure to which they wero reduced last week; but still they uro considerably below what they wero before tho Q. S. N. Company started a steamer on tho Sydney line. Tho Queensland Mounted Rifles have been gazetted under thu uaw title of " The Queens- land Light Horse." Tho Brisbane Water Commission has accepted tenders for tho construction of a reservoir at Enoggera Creek, and of conduits between that and the city. A youth iiumed- Ryan, who carno from one of Ibo English reformatories'to this colony as an.. " eligible" immigrant, by tho Legion of Honor, has buen committed for trial for stabbing a man mimed Smith. The hotly of poor Lawton, watchman at Messrs. Harris' wharf, was found last Saturday iii tho rivor, after boing immersed for a week. An in- quest wus hold before the coroner/and the jury returned n verdict of occidental death. Tho caso of the ship Vernon, seized in virtue of a bottomry bond, is still before the Vice Admiralty Court. Tun Prince of Prussia and tri Dvki or AuausTKsnvHO.--A lotter from,. Kiel of the . 1-tth May says:?"I told you, about*month since, that a secret interview had taken place . - nt Holstein botween the Prince Royal of Prussia and tho Duke Frederick of Augusten burg. It was thought at the time that the interview between those princes, who had not seen ouch other for a long time before, had bonn suggested by tho Cabinet of Berlin. A recent incident- shows this supposition to have lice:-. ivi>l,;fouiidud. Thc Princess.Royul, daughter of Queen Victoria, having come to Holstein to seo her husband. Duke Frederick', hastened lu meet their Royal Highnesses, and ni-eonipuuicl them to Hamburg It ls da,ily becoming inure evi lent that thu pn tender is on better let-iiH ivitlt tin-Cabinet of Bi ilia, which li ipi-- to liiil in him a useful in ti uinont lu pro- moting its policy ol' annexation " A Nuw VoitK lady has borrowed a large shuet of low paper iroui her husband for the purpose of writing u long story of her griev- ances lo ibo editor of tho Evening Pott. 8he says that it i.< only necessary to hate a specula- tive husboiid in thew days to i minne* any ono bf thu trill h of- the statement that "the love of mouey is the root, of oil evil." According to her account, she had formerly a model husband, who was doing well in the flour business, butha luis soilly changed now; comis home late at night, is cro,s, hus no appetite, doe* not rest weil, und his only conversation is about stock* ami tho price of gold. Poor wife! A woman presented herself at the Central. Police-station at Chicago the other day, and couiiiiuinud thut though sha had two husbands in the army, she could get no relief from either the County or City War Committee. 