TOPICS OF THE WEEK. We are glad to find that Miss Edith Colley,who was thrown from her horse on Saturday last whilst riding along the Bay-road, is improving, although from the severe nature of the injury, traces of the accident -will probably linger for some time. It is stall unknown -what caused the animal »to throw its rider. The unfortunate young lady fell under the horse's feet, and was much injured, her face being ' trodden upon, and two or three teeth knocked out. Dr. Bayer is in attendance on MiBB Colley. An accident, which might have been attended with serious results, happened on Sunday night at the Port, shortly after the Coorong steamer was made fast to the wharf. The steward of that vessel, Wn. Walsh, being in the stern cabin, beard a splash in the water. On running on deck he perceived a man overboard struggling in the water. Walsh, with admirable courage, at once jumped overboard, and succeeded in securing a firm hold and rescuing the man from a watery grave through his promptitude and gallant conduct, which deserves to be recognised. The .stonecutters in the employ of Messrs. English and Brown, and engaged at the National Bank and 'Eire Office, and at the Town Hall, have struck this morning for higher wages. They have been in the receipt of 8s. 6d. per diem, and their present demand is for 6d. extra, making 9s. a day. The occurrence is very unfortunate, for strikes are always attended with more evil than good. [We have received a visit from a deputation of the men, who request us to give publicity to their statement of the case. They say that the ' wallers' in the employment of most other builders in town get 9s. per day, whilst they, as ' stonecutters ' get only 8s. 6dL They wish to be placed on a looting of equality with the wallers, and to have 9s. They also affirm that some of Messrs. English & Brown's men are now getting 9s., and that they want the same wages to be paid to all the rest who are capable of doing the same amount of work.] The Utopia has arrived from London with the gas pipes for North Adelaide. The Company will pro ceed to lay them down with all possible despatch, as various public and private places in the neighborhood are anxiously looking forward to the dismissal of camphine and kerosine and the introduction of gas. We are sorry to learn that the movement recently Bet on foot with a view to the formation of a tramway to Glenelg is likely to collapse, from the apathy evinced towards it by capitalists. The JBegrisfer's Mount Gambier correspondent tele graphs information of a fatal accident at Mount Gambler. It occurred on Mr. Taite's farm ; the boiler of a steam thrashing-machine having burst, frilling four men and wounding five. The men killed are Pease, Bartlett, Dichtman, and Hogan. The wounded are Westrop, Ellis, Lloyd, and Brodie, the last (it is said) fatally. A meeting of the Caledonian Society was held in Mr. Cawthorne's schoolroom, Victoria-square, on Monday evening, J. Clark, President of the Society, in the chair. The chief object of the meeting was to make arrangements for the celebration of national games and sports upon Easter Monday. After a brief discussion, Finance and Games Com mittees were appointed, to make arrangements and report at the next monthly meeting of the Society, which will be held on the first Tuesday in March. We understand that the Committee of the new Swimming Club are taking active measures to make the forthcoming matches a great hit. The Hon. A. IToreter has consented to become President of the Club, and the 5th March is fixed for the Boys' Match. The Champion Belt is ordered from Mr. Coombs, and the mountings, which are to be of solid silver, are being prepared by Mr. J. Davis. We believe there will be a smart contest for the belt, the owner of which will be open to a challenge during the season. The Men's match at Glenelg is expected to come off early in March. It is to be hoped that the public will support the Committee by their subscription. The shops at the western corner of Leigh and Hrndley streets are about to be pulled down to make room for a row of buildings similar to those opposite. The property belongs to the Society for the Propaga tion of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, but is belter known as the Church property. The designs of Messrs. G. & E. Hamilton have been approved of, and the tenders for building the places were to have been considered on Monday. They were, however, deferred for a fortnight, the plans being referred back to the architects to consider the propriety of having stone quoins and dressings in place of stucco. A correspondent sends us the following: — 'On Thursday last a rather exciting trotting match came off between Mr. Skinner's bay mare and Mr. Banner's Miss King, for £10, from the Black Forest Lin, Bay road, to the Cemetery, West- terrace. Miss King took the lead and came in an easy winner, much to the disappointment of the 'Southerners,' who were rather sweet on their mare. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court com menced on Tuesday, before His Honor Mr. Justice Boothby. Daniel Cliappel was fined £5 for non attendance as a juror, and THs Honor took that opportunity to inform the jurors present that the £5 fine only had reference to the jurors' non-attendanoe that day ; but if he failed to answer to his name on the following or any succeeding days that he would be additionally fined for each day's non-attendance. The indictments against John Cameron for false pretences, and that against A. Beard for an unnatural offence, were withdrawn upon certificate of the Attorney-General that there was not sufficient evidence against them. Sardrelle, a Lascar, was found guilty of stealing a blanket and other articles the property of M. Antonio, and sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment with hard labor. Thomas Turner, who pleaded guilty to an indecent assault upon a young girl, was sentenced to 12 months' im prisonment with hard labor. Samuel Whiteside and Catherine .Whiteside, indicted for stealing a watch and chain, the property of W. Davis, were acquitted ; and James Mackenzie, indicted for stealing a quantity of books, the property of C. -&. E. Hatte, was acquitted. For the information of Magistrates we may direct their attention to the report, in another column, of the proceedings in the Supreme Court on Tuesday in reference to charges brought before them pending the sittings of the Supreme Court. They will find that T-Tia Honor Mr. Justice Boothby recommends, and for sufficient reasons, that Magistrates should adjourn the hearings till the Sittings are over, rather than commit prisoners and Bend them for trial ^ before the Sittings are over. We saw a rather cool telegram on Tuesday, addressed to the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigra tion, from & person at Sandridge, Victoria. Hearing that the Utopia had arrived in Adelaide,he telegraphed to the effect that his sister was on board that vessel, and wished to know how she could be sent on to Sandridge. We dare say the Commissioner replied that a cheque for £20, to cover the expense of bring ing the said sister over from England, was a neces sary preliminary to further negotiations. We have been told by a eheepfarmer just arrived in town that there are at Pekina 20,000 sheep await ing to be drafted ofi to the new Northern territory so eoon as the land can be taken up. The immigrants per the Utopia arrived in great numbers in town during the course of Tuesday, ?pending most of the day, as usual, in sightseeing, and both successful and unsuccessful searches after friends. # The name of the seaman belonging to 'the barque Dragon, found drowned on Tuesday, is Thomas Anderson. At the inquest held before Dr. Wood forde the same evening, the evidence of his shipmates went to show that three of them were in company with him on Saturday night, but they parted from him on the North-parade. It is supposed he must have fallen overboard in going on board in the dark. The Jury returned a verdict of found drowned. We regret to learn, from our correspondent at Milang, that Mr. Taplin, the Superintendent of the Point MacLeay Aborigines' Institution, has been suffering from a fit of apoplexy. At the time our correspondent wrote he had not been able to hear whether Mr. Taplin was better or not. A dinner in connection, with Court Temperance, Ancient Order of Foresters, was held in Mr. R. C Mitton's schoolroom, Weymouth-street, on Wednes day, February 9. About 150 persons partook of the repast provided by Brother Cheeseman. The chair was taken by P.C.R. Darton, and the Vice-chair by C.R. Anderson. On Tuesday morning the body of a seaman belong ing to the barque Dragon was picked up in the river, at Port Adelaide, between 8 and 9 o'clock. The deceased was htst seen in company with two or three other seamen on Saturday night last. An inquest was held on the body during the afternoon, and a verdict returned of ' Found drowned.' By the Coorong, which arrived on Sunday even ing, we have intercolonial papers to the following dates : — Melbourne, February 5 ; Sydney, January 30 ; Brisbane, January 24 ; Launeeston, February 2 ; Hobart Town, February 1 ? Auckland, January 15 ; Otago, January 18. Some interesting extracte will be found in another column. The statement made on Friday at the Shakspeare meeting that His Excellency was suffering from an attack of Asiatic cholera was, we are very happy to learn, incorrect. His Excellency has not had Asiatic cholera, but simply a slight attack of the ordinary Bnglish cholera, and he is now much better. Mr. W. J. Wren, of the firm of Boucaut & Wren, solicitors, died on Saturday, at his residence, Glenelg, from consumption, the effects of which he has been Buffering from for many years. For the last three weeks he has been unable to come into town, the disease having assumed a more serious character, He was a very industrious man sad xuwft esteemed by & select circle of friends. Before joining Mr. Boucaut the deceased occupied a responsible position in the establishment of Messrs. Bartley, Bakewell, & Stow. A few years ago he took a trip to China for the benefit of his health ; but it did not materially improve him. He was comparatively young, being about 41 years of age, and he leaves a wife and two children, who will deeply mourn bis death. His remains were in terred on Sunday afternoon in the Adelaide Ceme tery, and the funeral was attended by a large number of his friends. A meeting of the residents of North Adelaide was held at Mr. Whinham's school, North Adelaide, Mr. J. H. Boykett in the chair, for the purpose of seeing if an entertainment could not be arranged to be held in the neighborhood, in aid of the fund now being raised for the Albert Peal of Bells. After considerable discussion it was agreed to hold a dramatic and musical entertainment about the end of the present month. It was re solved to write to various ladies and gentlemen soli citing their co-operation, and the meeting then ad journed. We think the movement now set on foot in North Adelaide might well ,be copied by other su burban districts. The Port Lincoln people have subscribed very generously toward the fund for the relief of the wives and children of the 40th, who have gone to New Zealand. On a recent Sunday nearly £20 was col lected after two sermons preached by the Rev. O. Hammond and the Rev. J. P. Buttfield. A meeting of the shareholders of Campbell's Creek Silver Lead Mining Company, Cape Jervis, was held on the 8th inst., at which a call of one shilling per share was made payable on 1st March, as will be seen by our advertising columns. A discussion having arisen on the subject of erecting machinery, and other matters involving increased expenditure, the consideration was deferred, and the meeting adjourned until Monday, the 15th inst. A very favorable report was read during the meeting from the Visiting Director of the continued satisfactory appearance of the Mine. The annual meeting of the North Adelaide Band of Hope was held on Monday evening. There was a public tea at 5 o'clock, and a meeting at 7 in the Temperance HalL The latter was well attended, the Hall being crowded with the juvenileB and their friends. S. J. Way, Esq., was in the chair. During the evening recitations were given by several members of the Band of Hope, and prizes were awarded to Masters T. Sanderson, T. Masters, W. Hall, Sealey, and Bickle, and to the following young ladies: — C. Newman, H. Newman, R. and A. Cole, E. Whitehead, andE. Little field, for regular attendance, good conduct, and good recitations. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. Jas. Reid, Messrs. Dale, Cole, M.P., May, Rundle (Mount Barker), Pickering, andU. N. Bagot. Votes of thanks were given to Mr. George Newman for his gratuitious services as Superintendent of the North Adelaide Band of Hope, and to Mr. Cole as Secre tary, and to Mr. Gonld, of Bowden, as conductor of the Bowden Band of Hope Band. During the even ing several pieces were performed by the drum and fife Band in a very creditable way ; certainly, as re gards time, many an older band might have learnt something from them, and we think the vote of thanks given to Mr. Gould was fairly earned by the trouble he must have taken in their training. In the Insolvency Court on Tuesday a second-class certificate was awarded to W. J. Ashton, contractor, and Mr. H. E. Henderson, confectioner, underwent a lengthy examination by the Hon. J. M. Solomon. His case was adjourned to Monday next. At the Adelaide Police Court on Tuesday a man named Thorn Lewis was sentenced to one month's imprisonment for stealing mulberries from the garden of John Acraman, South-terrace. Mr. G. P. Harris's new and capacious store in Gawler-place is just approaching completion, and will be ready for the reception of stock in the coarse of a week or so. We understand Mr. Harris's retail business in Hindley-street will be carried on by Mr. Eraser and another person in Mr. Harris's employ. We have been invited by Mr. Duryea to inspect specimens of the new and beautiful style of photo graphy just introduced by him under the designation of Sennotype. The effect of this new method is extremely beautiful. The portraits are most life-like ; in appearance equal to the first ivory miniatures, whilst the peculiar mode of treatment gives them quite a stereoscopic relief. Mr. Duryea's studio is well deserving of a visit. A short time ago we received sample tins of pre served fruits (gooseberry and cherry, according to the labels) prepared by Mr. F. C. Davis, of Moore Farm. Tne gooseberries, however, proved to be cherries — a circumstance worth mentioning as a caution to our colonial fruit preservers and jam makers, as it might seriously interfere with the sale of those goods in the market if wrongly labelled. As regards the cherries, they were very excellent, retain ing the full flavor of the fruit, and being an excellent substitute for the freshly gathered article. In the Supreme Court on Tuesday, when the Jury delivered their verdict of not guilty against James Mackenzie, indicted for stealing books, some foolish persons in the gallery, apparently friends of the accused, loudly clapped their hands, which Win Honor instantly took notice of, snd made some strong and very appropriate remarks upon such gross and unseemly conduct, and instructed the police of watch persons guilty of such conduct for the future, so that they should be punished. On Wednesday afternoon the public were gratified by the welcome exhibition of the mail flag, and ex pectation was at once on the tiptoe for the news. Whether, however, by clumsy neglect or by wilful intent we know not, bnt the fact is the mail boat at Glenelg did not put off, and everything except the Argus telegrams went on to the Peninsula. Of course our wires and our official arrangements were available for Melbourne ; but so far as regards Adelaide, the public had to wait till the news could be brought round via the Port, which was at too late an hour of the night for circulation. The Government really ought to look into these delinquencies, or let it be known at once that our King George's Sound branch service is kept up, purely for the sake of our rivals in Victoria. The following is the latest report of the wheat and flour markets in London, extracted from the Mark Lane Express Dec. 21 : — ' The last week was beauti fully dry and often brilliant for the time of year, while farmers have been using their opportunity with all alacrity in field work. More wheat sowing has been proceeded with, and a fair breadth will now have been planted before Christmas. The early-sown plants continue to look as well as could be desired, and a fine opportunity has been given to clamp the root crops securely. The samples exhibited at the several country markets evinced a marked improve ment in condition, and we seem gliding into the new year free from disaster. But the continued monetary pressure, though apparently lessening, has been seriously against business, capitalists finding a ready and profitable use for their funds, so that prices must generally be noted fully Is. per qr. lower, with specu lation still in abeyance. Federal execution being, however, determined on very shortly in Holstein, and this military occupation being only answerable to popular excitement, we are not quite safe as to future prospects, and with smouldering fires gathering strength at so many points in Europe, the blessings of peace seem yet more doubtful. Should there be a general rupture low rates would soon become a thing of the past, as the Confederate States of America now sadly bear witness. Even in the Northern States the. pressure is producing strikes, and maize is dearer than in Great Britain. The fears of a blockade of the Baltic ports and the scarcity of vessels have already been depressing to the Prussian markets. France has been rather yielding in prices, as well as Holland and some parts of Belgium ; but in Italy and the Black Sea rates have been hardening, and an active specula tion has been resumed at New York ; while the con tinued diminution of labour in the fields, and the waste of war, give but poor prospects for the future as to the yield of cereals, without a speedy return to conciliation and peace. The following are the Current Prices of British Grain and Flour in Mark Lane : — Wheat, Essex and Kent, white, new, 42s to 49s per quarter ; old, 40s to 47s ; ditto, red ditto 41s to 43s; old, 40s to 43s; ditto Norfolk, Lincoln, and Yorkshire, red, new 41s to 43s ; old 40s to 43. Flour, per sack of 2801bs., town households, 36s to 40s ; ditto, country, 28s to 31s ; households, 32s to 34s 4 Norfolk and Suffolk, ex ship 27e to 30s. Foreign Grain. — Wheat, Dantzic, mixed, 47s to 50s per quarter ; extra, 52s to 55s ; ditto, Konigsberg, 46s. to 49s; extra 50s to 51s; ditto RoBtook, 43s to 46s; ditto, fine, 46s to 47s; ditto, Silesian, red, 41s to 44s ; ditto, white, 42s to 47s ; ditto, Pomera., Meckberg., and Uckermk., red, 43s to 46s ; ditto, Danish and Holstein, red, 41s to 44s; ditto, Russian, hard, 37s to 41s; ditto St. Petersburg and Riga, 38s to 43s ; ditto, French, none ; ditto, Rhine and Belgium, 43s to 45s ; ditto, American, red winter, 42s to 44s ; ditto, spring, 41s to 43s; ditto, white, 46s to 49s. Flour, per sack, French, 34s to 37s ; ditto, Spanish, 34s to 37e ; ditto, American, per brL, 19s to 23s j ditto, extra and double, 25s. to 27s. By the steamer Penola we have one day's later papers from Melbourne. There is, however, no fresh news of any importance which has not been antici pated by telegram. We have to direct attention to various items of im portant intelligence in our telegrams of to-day, in cluding some matters of interest from New Zealand and America. On Wednesday a trotting match for £20 took place between Mr. Addison's horse and Mr. E. Parker's mare, Katty Darling. The start was effected shortly after 10 o'clock, the distance being from Mr. B. Bladder's, at the Port, to the Newmarket Inn, North-terrace. The mare led for about three miles when ehe wag overtaken by the horse, who won 