Bales by Auction. THIS DAY. For Sale. Villa Residence. Beautifully Situated at tho Intersection of tlio Boun- dary and St. Kilda roads, Elsternwick. MR. STUBBS ¡B favoured with Instructions ro colvcd from tho prqpriotor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at lils auction rooms, 81 ColUns-stroot, on Tuesday, the 1st day of March, Balo at twelve o'clock precisely. All that two-storied brick-built Villa hesidenco and Promises, situitcd as above, admirably adapted for the residenco of a merchant, or lady's Bchohstla academy. > It stands upon an area of four acres of land, extend- ing along a largo frontogo to both roads, favourable for subdli IBIOII, and tho prospect of futuro profit. It has flvo rooms above and flvo rooms below, with verandah and balcon.,, overlooking the water and shipping in the bay. It is now occupied by a rcspoctablo tenant, who -will bo happy to permit intending Infers to view tho promises. To gentlemen In public offices, capitalists, or others, ?wishing to secure a good property to their own taste, and would consequently appreciate an opportunity ?wliero oi cry exterior may bo porrcctod, the BO o of this villa rcsldonco on Tuesday, the 1st March, will bo interesting. Title, unonouinborod, to bo Boon at the rooms. Terms-One-third cash, and tho rtBldue at three and six months', bearing 10 per cont. THIS DAY. Marino Rcsldonco and Four Acres Land, near tho Property of Captain Cole, Elsternwick. Tor Positivo Solo. MR. STUBBS Is Instructed by the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at tho rooms, -81 CollbiB-strcotwest, on Tuesday, March 1, ut twelvo o'clock, IA splendid brick-built rcsldonco -containing 10 rooms, with brick stables, coachhouses, and outbuildings. Togothor with ' 4 acres of fenced land. Tho wholo within 100 yards of tho beach. Terms-Ono-third cash, balanco at tlireo and six months', bearing interest. milüRSDAY, 7IARCH 3. To Families at St. .Kilda Furnishing, tee Neat Cholco-Sclcotcd Housohold Furnituro and Effects, Se. MR, STUBBS Iß favoured with Instructions, ro ceivod from Dr. Sall, Staff Surgeon-Major, Jtc, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rcsldonco, Octttvla-strcct, St. Kilda, near tho Junction, on Thursday, tho 3rd March, salo at twelvo o'clock preciselj1, Tho whblo of tho abovo gonllomanly eulto of household furniture, &c.; Catalogues at salo. Tonnst-Cash. TRIDAY, MARCH -1. To "Wlno and Spirit Merchants, notolkoopcrs, Store- keepers, Dealers, and Tradesmen, In Melbourno, Goolong, Ballarat, Bendigo, Sandridge, Williams- town, St. Kilda, Brighton, Prahran, South Yarra, Flemington, Sydnoy-road, A.c. Most Important and Absoluto Salo of tho Whole of '" the 'Wéll-solectcd Stock of allies and Spirits of J. Cox, Esq., Wlno Merchant, &c;, Tomplo-court. Also, OWco and Collar Furniture. Horse, Evprcss "Wagg ii, &c; MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, by order of tho above-named morehant, and pre- liminary to his retiring from business, fixed for Friday, tho 4th day of March, 1801, at tho wine-vaults, Templo*court, to commonco at tivoli o o'clock pre- cisely, ' The wholo of tho abovo stoek, amongst which aro, ?viz.: 80 hilda., quarter-casks, and octaves and G00 doz, of the most choleo Australian Wines, Duty freo, And 30ihhds and casks of Old Sjdnoy and Adelaldo Wines. Also, Sherries, palo dinner, dry, golden, and amontll lodo Forts, throo grape, four-diamond, and Hunt's lino old, cased Champagne, Moot and Ghandan, &c; Sparkling moselle, Doiuhard's and Jordan's, &c.; Sautcraio, Chateau des Portots Brandies-Ueuuossy's, Renault's, Lo Roy's, &c; ( Gonova Hum Ales, MaractU's and Dawson'», bulk and bottlo Stout, Barclay and Co.'s and White and Co.'s. The Australian wines aro. in splendid condition, and ready Tor Immediate use. After tho abovo, Office furniture Cellar do., Jin hiding skldB, fonr-whcol truck, »tillages; also, 800gal. oak vat, swcot and sound, &c.; And Stanch bay mare, perfectly quiet lu saddle and harness -Four-wheel express -waggon, nearly now ; har- ness, &C.; Catalogues of the wholo may bo obtained ot Mr. Sttibbs's auction mart, 61 Collins-street webt, ou and after March 2. Terms at Salo. WEDN12SDAY, MARCH 0. Metropolitan Announcement. Preliminary N tice. To Capitalist«, Engineers, Wool Merchants, Gootlo TOon Interested lu the Purchase of Central City Property, Contractors, Pallway Plant and Carriage Bulkier«, and Others. MR. STUR11Shas tile plcasuieto announce to the Victorian public, monoyed gentlemen resident In Now South Wales, Adelaldo, Hobart Town, Laun- ceston, Dunedin, Queensland, and Otago, that he has ,l>ecn instructed by William Yuille Esq., positively to .SUBMIT mid SELL hy PUBLIC AUCTION, on the ? premises, on Wedncsdav, tho 0th Mardi, 1804, salo , Bt twelve o'clock precisely, Tho whole of that magnificent colossal block of central city property and premises long and popularly known throughout the Australian colonies as KIRK'S HORSE BAZAAR, »including That hanusomo two-story shop and rosldoi occupied hy Mr. Jenkins, with the olllces of 'Messrs. Palmahoy CampbollandCo., Mr. Goorgo .Coghill, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Walsh, M». Solicitor .Wögen-, and Messrs. W. E. and A. S. King, .. sltvito in Ilourko-strcot. v Also, All thou the five stono-bullt houses, occupied by Mr..P}irco, Mrs. Popper, Moasrs. Gramer and Peniholz, jowollers, Mr. Grafo, lockBinlth, and ,i Mr. ---, carpenter, sltuato lu Llttlo Bourke «trcet. \- The whole to (Jw Bold either In ono lot, or according ,to>a plan of subdivisión, which will be submitted to ?tho inspection of tho publie before tho solo. Titilo unexceptionable. .ICerms at sale. ,- Further particulars in future odvcitlscmcnt. SATURDAY, MARCH 12. .PRELIMINARY PUBLIC NOTICE. Vostyn-BtrecC Castlemaine Absoluto and Positivo Sale. MR. STURjCS announce« instructions received from tho proprietors fc> SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, «id knock down to tho highost bieldar, on Saturais/, tho 12th dey of March, on pro- mises, ,*t twelvea'chiclc precisely, Tljo wholo or those extensive premises situate at the comer of Mostyn and Urquhart streets, Cas- tlemaine, having 90ft. frontage to the former hy 105ft. in depth lo tho latter, knçwn formerly as tits Commercial Hotel, and lattcr/jr as The Great Repository for Cobb's Coach*«, &c.; Terms and other particulars in future adviltlsc ment. Title guaranteed. Also a small »llotmont of six icot, «lJoLnlng; Mr, Thompson's, In tlio tald street. Sales by Auction. MONDAY, MARCH 7. To the Working-Classes and Others. , Bouvcrlo-street. HouBe and Land. MB. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Monday next, the 7th day of March, on tho promises, at twelve o'clock precisoly, All that the IIOUBO and premise», No. 16 Bouverle strcet, having 20ft. frontage, by 85ft. front-go also to Alma-strcot, leading through to Lel ccstcr-strcct. Tho house is well built, and has thrco rooms. Terms-cash. Tltlo ib-t rate. Said to be a capital stand of business for a baker. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. Preliminary Notice ol tho Sale . Of Marltlino-VIRa. Prettily Situated at tho Corner of Walsh-street, Toorak, and Gardiner's Creek-road, South Yarra. This property is particularly rccommondod to gen- tlemen of tasto and substance, for it must bo pleasant to llvo in a suburb which appears to bo tho favourite locality of so many leading families, and so sociable that it reminds olio of the friendly realities mingled with the English residents in the good old Ilelgic town of Bruges. MR. STUBBS therefore avails hlmsolf of the earliest opportunity to hifonn the publie that it will bo SOLD by PUBLIC AUCTION..at his rooms, 81 Collins-street, on Tuesday, tho 8th day of March, 1804, at hoH- post eleven o'clock precisely, Together with Hie opposite corner, and tho next allotment, ad- joining tho residence of tho Hon. W. Haines, M.L.A. Title guaranteed. Terms-Three, six, nine, and twelve months, with one-third deposit. , Noto, The villa la now let, at £120 per annum, and the opposite corner Is underlease for tliroo years and upwards, at £100 per annum. Further partícula- will appear In a futuro adIver ' .isement. TUESDAY, MARCH 8.. In the Estate of the Provident Institute. Properties for Sale at Warrandyte, Prahran, Moorab- bin, Wallan Wallan, Will Will Rook, Maribyrnong, Moorooduc, Gisborne, Northcoto, Sehnappor Point. Fixed for Tuesday, 8th March. MB. STUBBS la favoured with instruction- re- ceived from E. Courtney and J. Langlands, Esqs., otllclal and trade assignees in the estato of tho Provi- dent Institute, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, 81 Collins-street, Melbourne, on Tuos day, 8th March, to cominenee at twclvo o'clock pre- cisely, 1 lie following well-soloct-d freehold properties and estate, viz. : Loti. All that ptoco or parcel of land, si--to In tho pariah of Warrandyte, oounty of Evolyn, con- taining, by admeasuromont, I 37a. 2r., being part Section 24, forming Lot 14 of the plan of subdltiBian of same ; with a small farm- house erected thereon, somo B1I<-s and out- buildings, -C. 12 acres aro cleared, and ono aero has been sot apart for an orchard, which is now In bearing. Tno whole is enclosed. Lot 2. Parish of Prahran. All that piece or parcel of land, situate In tho parish of Prahran, being part of Allotment G, of Portion 72, marked as Lot No. 12 on plan of subdivision by Edward Do Carlo, fronting Barkly-strcot, 31111. frontage, by 112ft. depth ; with a weathcrboarcI houso, with slated roof, erected thereon. Lot 3. Parish of Moorabbin, Brighton. All that piece or parcel of land, containing 125 acres, being Lot 44 lu a certain deed of convoy anco to ono Nicholas Wero of part of tho Brighton Estate, situate on the north side of Centre-road, commencing at a point 20 chains west from the junction of Contro-road with Jospar's-road ; tho vvholo fenced in, and part under cultivation, and having erected thorcon sundry buildings, Including a four roomed wooden house. Lot 4. Tai-lsli of Wallan Wallan. All thot pleco or parcel of land, parish of Wallan Wallan, county of Bourke, being the southern half of Portion 68 of said parisli ; bounded on tho west by a road one chain wide, and com- prising 40a. 12p. together with two woodon cottages oroctod thereon, and sundry, stables and stock-yards. Lot 6. rarishofWill Will Rook. AU that plcco or parcel of land, comprising 20a. lr. Î7p., parish Will Will Rook, port of Soctlon 2, situate at tho back of the Mount Hotel, partly fenced, and tho Ivholo cleared, and -avlngcrect-Ithoroon a two-roomed Iron cot- tage. , LotO. Parish or Maribyrnong, not far from the Albion Railway Station, being Allotment B of Section 9, boundod on tho north by a road three chains wldo, and south by tho Kororoit Crook, being tho land sold as Lot 43, in pursuance of Govornmont proda-ta tiou of Gtli October, 1852, with a Stono and Brick Cottage, And partly fenced. Lot 7. Town of Northcoto, parish of Jlko Jika. All those two pieces or parcels of land, being Lobs 76 and 70 of Sec. 05, comprising two acres, planted with trees, all enclosed ; and a four rooincd cottogo erected thoroon-lately lu tho possession of Mr. Joseph Elliott. Lots. A few ralles from Schnapper Point. Comprising lilla, and In., inoro or less, situate in tho county of Mornington, parish of Moorooduc, about nillo miles from Schnapper Point, being Portion 03, facing two Government roods, known as Mr. Josoph'Porta'n, and ii considered to ho a very good proporly, adjoining tho estato of T. J. Sumner, Esq. .,<.« - Lot 0. Parish of Gisborne. All that píceo or parcel of land forming a small farm of 23a., or thereabouts, of good agricultu- ral land. It is fenced upon three sides, being part of Sec. 85, In the parish of Glflborno, and has a, frontage to the main road to Melbourne. It is only about 300 yards from tho National Hotol' and opposite to Mr. Aeres's, who will bo happy to point out tho samo to intendiugpii-liascrs. Lot 10. Parish of Prahran. A valuable building allotment, situate at tho corner of Peel and Vine streots. Further particulars may bo ascertained and plans seon at the rooms of tho auctioneers. For title Intonding purchasers aro respectfully re- ferred to Messrs. Bronckhorst, Smalo, and Duerdin, solicito-i to tho estate. Terms-One-third cash, and tho residue by tho purcht-ers' bills at three and six months', bearing 10 percent, intercut. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10. Central City Freehold Investments, In Elizabeth and Queen streets. In Good Business Situations. To Monoyod Mon Requiring a Vont foi their Capital. MR. STUBBS has tho ploasuro to announce in- structions rccolved from the proprietor, James Dumbell, Esq., to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION (pre- liminary to lils departure for England), on Wodnos day, tho loth March, 1801, at his auction rooms, 81 Collins street, at-twdlvo o'clock precisoly, Lot 1. Eliza both-streo t. That -vory neat, economical, and substantiaUy bullt tw o-storl-I warehouse and property, now .occupied "by Messrs. Honry Marsh and Co., mer- chants, being part ol Allotment 11 of Section 4 in the town of Melbourne, producing £203 per annum, and numbered 45. Lots 2 and 3. Queen-street. All -those the two shops and promises Nos. 45 and 47, situate on the west side of Queen-street, within a few yards of Little Collins-street, having 27lt. frontago by 60ft in dopth to a ripht-of-way in tho roar. These houses aro in the occupation of respectable tradesmen, and producing -130 per annum. Tltlo perfectly unencumbered. Terms-One-third cash, and the residuo at three ¿nu four-months', hearing eight per cent. Note.-Tho loading situations of tho abovo pro- perties for business purposes carry tholr own re- commendations With tilcm, and if amongst tho nowly «rrived Immigrants or capitalists oue or moro have hrought a fair assortment of fancy goods, or light niorclmndiso, thoy cannot do hotter than bjy the warohouso, and begin at once. It Is only a fow yards from tho «ornor of Collins .treat. The Queen--rcct shops and premises aro pirticu larly recommended to rota11 tradore, milliners, ko. WEDNESDAY, MAROU 10. To Nowly-Arrlvcd Immigrants, Fa-mers, Graziers, Cattlo Salesman, or Practical Agrlcultu.ru.ts. Pleasant Farm, Of 768 acres, willi a Frontage to tho Plenty River of TIirco-Quartcm of a Milo, subdivided Into Paddocks. MR. STUBBS Is -structod by the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at hi» roon-, 81 CollliiB-strcet, on Wednesday, the 10th March, 1804, at twelve o'clock precisely, Tho abovo ngrlcultural and grazing ostato known Pleasant Farm. Fuller particular« of wilki will appear lu a futuro advertisement. > , Tenus-Ono-llilnlcash, and tho residue at three, six, nine, and 12 months', bearing eight per cent, per annum. \- Tltlo guaranteed. Situate at "tYhltt-sea, about 28 miles from town. ADELAIDE, SOUTH AUSTRALIA. In the Land Mart. . FRIDAY. MARCH i. At Eleven o clock proclselv. By Order of the Trustees of the Estate _f Edward French. GREEN and WADHAM will offor for SALE by A UCTION (unions previously sold by private con- tract), PORT MACDONNELL. Store, land, <4c. Tills property consist« of the allotment nureibero«]I 14, containing half an acre, or thereabout-, on which Is erected that most Sul~tantlally-built Store, with outbuildings, _c, known as Captain French's. Tho abovo, from its position (fronting the sea and closo to tho landing- place), and from Us oxtont of Hcconunodatlon, Is well worthy tho attention of mer chonts and capitaltst Also, Macdonnell (Hundred of), VALUABLE SECTION OF LAND, containing 00 acres, and numbered 110 In the plan of the Hundred. This section Is rendered doubly valuablo from itc proximity to tho sea port, being within ono milo of tho Port Macdonnell Township. For partícula-« as to title apply to Mci»rs. James and Dempster, solicitors, King WU1__-etroct, Ade Jude. Sales bv Auction. THIS DAY. First-clasB Irish Car. Ex Great Victoria, MM'CAW and ANOTHER will SELL by AUC . TION, as instructed by M. M'Carthy, Esq.., at tho Koyul Horse Bazaar, at twelvo o'clock noon, 1 \ cry superior outsldo Irish car. Just lm])orted. IMS DAY. Thoroughly Good Corrlago Horse. MM'CAW and ANOTHER will SELL by AUC . TION, at the Royal Horse Bazaar, at twelve o'clock, on Tuesday, 1st March, 1 dark bay gelding, six years old. Thoroughly broken, splendid action, and very good In single or double harness. _' THIS DAY. To Farmers and Others. MM'CAW and ANOTHER liavo recoivod instruc . tionB from Dr. Bathe to SELL by AUCTION, at tho Royal Horso Bazaar, on Tuesday, 1st March, at twelve o clock, 10 superior colts and Allies, Bjltablo either for the farm, dray, or packers. No ncscrvo. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2. Important Salo of Very Heavy Draught Colts. MM'CAW and ANOTHER baie beon instructed . by Murdock M'lntosh, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at tho Royal Horso Bazaar, on Wodncsday, 2nd March, at twelve o'clock, 20 heavy draught colts, comprising 10 colts, threo years old, by trinco Charllo, out of the Messrs. M'lntosh s celebrated prlzoiuares. 10 do, by the celebrated imported clydesdale siro Goldfinder, out of good mores. Horses so brea require no comment from (he auc- tioneers. No Reservo. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2. 20 Good Uf standing Colts and Fillies. MM'CAW and ANOTHER havo boonvfavoured . willi instructions from D. J. O'shea, Esq., to SELL by AUCT.ON, at tho Royal Horso Bazaar, on Wodncsdaj*, 2nd hist., at twolvo o'clock, 20 very superior colts and fillies (a few broken), and all well suited for draught, packors, or chargera for Auckland. FRIDAY, MARCH 4, Solo ol Superior Horso and Dairy Stock, Forming Implemento, Primo Hay, &c.; To Fnrmora, Horso Dealers, Dairyman, and Others. MM'CAW and ANOTHER havo received instruc . tions from Mr. James Patton, of Patton's Hotel, near Whittlesea, on tho Yan Ycan-road, twonty flvo miles from Melbourne, to SELL by AUCTION, on tho farm, on Friday, March 4, at olcvou o'clock prompt, i 10 heavy draught horses 10 colts and fillies, by tho imported horso Samson,' one and two years old 10 draught brood mares, five with foal at foot by Young Reformer, and in foal again to Horn costlo 15 first-class saddlo and light harness horses 20 very superior daily cows, full milk, and springing 20 heifers, two and threo years' old 20 Btocrs, two and three years old, fit for yoke or butcher CO tons well saved oaten hay CO do do whenten do 2 horse ploughs 2 pairs barrows (ono iron) 2 bullock draj'B 8 horso draj's 1 light spring cart 1 four-horse portablo thrashing-machino 1 winnowing machine 1 horse power chafieuttor 1 horse roller, &c.; Note.-In cpnscquenco of the oxtcnt of the sale, it will commence at eleven o'clock prompt. To prevent disappointment, no stock will bo olforcd that is not the bona-fldo property of tho advertiser. MONDAY, MARCH 7. Great Farm Sale. 100 Tons Good Hay. 20 First-class Heavy Draught Horses. 30 Woll-bred Dairy Cattle. Implements, Dairy Utensils, &c.; MM'CAW and ANOTHER havo received Instruo . tions from Mr. John M'Pherson to SELL by AUCTION, at his farm, Glenroy, eight miles from Melbourne, on tho Mounce Moonee Ponds, on Monday, 7th March, at eleven o'clock sharp, Tho whole of his crop, very valuable horso and dairy stock, implements, &c.;, comprising 100 tons, moro or less, ol'good hay, in twostackB 21 really first-class heavy draught horses, in- cluding 2 pow erful goldings, sound and stanch 8 very fine heavy marcs, in foal to Benledi 1 do do, do Olydo 1 do do, do Pianos 1 do mare by Princo Charlie, In foal to Champion 2 three-year-old colts, by Trinco Charllo, very powerful 1 tw o-ycar-old filly, by Blackleg 1 do do, by Champion 1 do do, by Douglas 8 yearling fillies, by Princo Charllo 2 good hack horses 20 superior cows, In full niLlk and springing 10 well-bred heifers, qulot, hand-reared 12 ve y Biiporlor working bullocks, with gear, &c; 3 drays and francs, 3 ploughs, roller, narrows, horso hoy-rako, chaff-cutter, harness, dairy utensils, and a great variety of other imple- ment s and sundries too numerous to particu- larize. -1 Terms at solo. No Resorvcs. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 0. Great Cattle Sale. 200 First-class Dairy Cows. 150 Hand-reared Heifers, Woll Bred. 50 Primo Bullocks (Fat). Threo Pure-bred Durham Bulls. 30 Heavy Draught Horses. . 40 Primo Fat Pigs. MM'CAW and ANOTHER havo boon honoured . with instructions from David Gormau, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at his farm, Springvalo, two miles cost from Bevoridgo, on the Sydney-road, 24 miles from Melbourne, on Wednesday, 0th Mareil, at clei cn o'clock sharp, The wbolo of his very valuable dairy cattlo, horse stock, and pigs, comprising 160 primo well-bred dalry cows, in full milk, and springing 40 woll-bred three-year-old heifers (hand reared), and heavy In calf 110 tw o-year-old holfcrs, by Durham hulls 40 one-year-old do 80 very heavy draught colts and fillies, by Princo Charlie, and other impo-tcd sires. 40 primo fat pigs, from öolb. to 3owt. Tho auctioneers have great pltasuro in recommend- ing tlio above to the attention or parties requiring really first-clabs dalry-and horse stock, feollng con- fident that anj'ono attending tho salo will bo thoroughly satisfied w ith tho quality of oithor tho cattlo or horses to ho offered. Thcso tattle havo boon Inoculated, and aro guaran- teed clean at present. Torms at sale. No Reservo. THURSDAY, MARCH 10. . Form Sale. Hay, Straw, Cows, Heifers, Horses, Pigs, Farming Implements, Daily Utensils, ¿as. MM'CAW and ANOTHER hovo received inBtruc . tions from James Mooney, Esq., to SELL' by AUCTION, at his farm, Thomastown, 10 miles from Mclbourno, on tho Eppiug-road, on Thursday, 10th hist., ut eleven o'clock, The wholo of his crop, dairy cattle, horses, farming Implements, dalry utensils, &c.;, comprising- , 2 stacks superior oaten hay, about 80 tons 1 stack oats (In sheaf) 2 stacks wheaten stmw 20 very superior cows, In full milk 25 well-bred cows and heifers, springing 2 very heavy draught horses, stanch 4 saddlo and light-liamcss horse» 4 good useful colts and fillies 20 very superior woll-bred pigs Plough, harrows, hay drays Horse hay rake, winnowlng-machlno Roller, 2 bullock drays And a great variety of other implements, tools, and sundries, and the wholo. of tho dairy utensils. Tho whole for absolute solo in consequence of tho expiration of lease. FRIDAY, MARCH 11. Clearing Sale. Crop, Stock, Implements, Household Furniture, &c; MM'CAW and ANOTHER havo rocctved instruc-. . tions from Mr. John Andrews to SELL bj AUCT.ON, nt his farm, Spring-bank, on tho Old Sydnoy-road, half way betwoen Broadmeadows and Campbellfield, on Friday, 11th March, at twolvo o'clock, Tho wholo of his crop, stock, ImplomontB, dalry utensils, houscholn furniture, &c;, comprising 1 stack first-class oaten' hay, about 20 tons 1 stack of wheat 2 superior heavy draught horses (stanch) 1 first-class draught ust.ro, with foal at foot, and In foal 1 saddlo and harness horso (a good stepper) 10 cows and heifers i(flrct-clacs), in füll milk and springing 2 J oung bulla (well bred) Pigs, poultry, bees, &o.; 2 good baj'-draya, with frames, 1 horso hay-rako 2 Iron ploughs, 2 sets harrows, 1 chair-cutter 1 winnowlng-roschlno,>l- taipaullu, 00 x 30 1 tarpaulin, £0 x l8;-8 ladders, 2 saddles and bridles, 1 spring-cart and harness, and a great lorio ty of dairy utensils, band tools. &c; And Tile whole or the household furniture, Including a very hondsomo eight-day clock, in mahogany caso, Chiffonniere, eilest of drawers, &c; Tho Wliolo to bo Sold Without any Reservo. THIS DAY. To Buyers for India, Dealers, and Others. 20 Broken-iii and Unbroken Horses. From the Upper Goulburn. GEORGE KIRK and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their j-ards. Bourko-strcet, on Tuoslay, March 1, at twelve o'clock, 20 head of horses. Tho broken-ln ones Bro suited for plough and pack- ing, and the unbroken for harnow and coaching work. No Reserve. THIS DAY. Baltic Red Deals, 0x3. Redwood Boards, 0 x 1, 7 x 1, 0} X1. TIL LEMPRIERE Is Instructed by Messrs. Smith, . Strachan, and Co. to 8ELL by AUCTION, at the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, tho 1st Mareil, nt cloven o'clock, . _ _ Ex Queen of Nations, 851 rod c1 cols. 0x3 , SM0rpd»rcod boards, Ox 1,7x1,0}x1. Now landing. Terms at Sale. Bales by Auction. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 00 Packages. Consisting of Choleo Winter Goods, ox Yorkshire. WAnd S. GARDINER will OFFER the above , choice Bhipmcnt for PUBLIC COMPKTI TION, at an early date, when future particulars will be issued. THIS DAY. Sale of HATS and CAPS, Being Balance of Shipments Ex Pride of the Ocean, Wave of Life, Wallacea, And Royal Standard. To Halters, Drapers, Warehousemen, and Others. WAnd S. GARDINER will SELL by PUBLIC . AUCTION, at their rooms, 20 and 28 CoUlns Btrcet, on Tuesday, tho 1st March, tho following lots, commencing at cloven a ni. precisely, HATS and CAPS. Boys' black cloth caps Youths'do do Boys' Manilla caps Men's straw Richmond hats Do drab fishers Do do Chester Do do Stanleys -, Do do, and black Tasmanians Boys' and youths' drab Otago» Do do Norfolks Boj s' straw boating hats Men's do do, lu all new stylos and shapes. Boys' and youtlis' straw hats, Prince of Walo» Do do, Alfred Do do, Chesters Do do, ushers. Terms at Solo. THIS DAY. Super, French Felt Hats. To Hatter«, Warehouscmo», Drapers, Up-eountry Storekeepers, and Others. WAnd S. GARDINER have received instructions . from the importers to SELL, at their rooms, Collins-street east, at eleven o'clock, B In diamond, NOB. 1 and 2-2 casos of super. French felt hats. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock Sharp. Gontlcmcn's Drab Shell Beaver. French Merino and Parramatta Hats. Soft Felt Capron» Do. Manufactured by the Celebrated Houso of Simmonds and Woodrow. WAnd S. GARDINER have received instructions . from the ia porters to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins- street cast, at eleven a m., 8 cases gontlcmcn's drab shell beaver, French merino, and Parramatta hats ' Soft Caprera felt do. To be bold to clear shipments. Tenus at Sale. THIS DAY. Sale of Drapory, Slops, Shirts, Blankets, &c;, Being Balance of Shipments Ex Pride of the Ocean, Wave of Life, And Royal Standard. To Drapers, Warehousemen, Dealers, Up-country Storekeepers, and Others. WAnd S. GARDINER will SELL, by PUBLIC . AUCTION, on Tuesday noxt, commencing at eleven a.m., the following goods : Men's regatta shirts Do Crimean do Do Melton do. SLOPS. Youths' millers' molo trousers Men's do do do Boys' printed molo do Men's intercolonial diagonal Bedford trousers Do tweed trousers Do do vests Do do sac coats Do paper collars, plain and enamelled. MANCHESTER. 33ln. grey calico Sein, do 72111\. do 72in. flax sheetings S31n. longcloths v 32in. Imitation Horrocks's 6 4 purple prints ' 0-4 to 12-4 toilet quilts Bolton sheets Wlilte twill do - ' Drab, white, and groy coutlllo stays ' Wincey skirtings Plain wincej-s Mixed Melton cloths, heavy. BLANKETS. Bluo blankets. Terms Liberal. , THIS DAY. Bath B'ankets, And Toilot Quilts. To Drapers, Furniture Doalors, and Job Warehouse- men. WAnd S. GARDINER have received instructions . from tho Importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns- stroot, coininonc Ing at cloven o'clock a.m., sharp, 4 bales Bath blankets 2 cases toilet quilts. Torms at Sale. THIS DAY. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. Damaged by Sea-Water. Ex Pride of the Ocean. 33in. and 30in. Groy Domestics. WAnd S. GARDINER havo received Instructions . from tho importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, to the highest biddor, commencing at eleven o'clock a.m., 1 bala 33In. grey domestics 1 do Min. do do. All moro or loss damaged. Tenns-Casli. THIS DAY. Unreserved Salo of Three Cases of American Leather Cloths. To Coachbulldcrs, Upholsterers, and Cabinetmakers. WAnd S. GAhDINER have recoivod instruc . tions from the importers to SELL by PUB- LIC AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-stroot, on Tuesday next, at elev en o.m., 3 cases American marono leather cloths. Without reserve. Terms at Salo. TniS DAY. Oil Baizes. Unreserved Salo of Thrco Cases of 0-4 Wood and Leaf Oil Baizes. WAnd S. GARDINER have received instructions . from tho Importers to SELL, at their tooms, by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Tuesday noxt, 1st March, 3 cases 0-4 wood and leaf oil baizes. Commencing at cloven a. in. , Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Drapers, Job Warehousemen, Milliners, and Others. WAnd S. GARDINER have received instructions . from tho importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, this day, at tlioir rooms, CoUtns-stroot, at eleven a ni. sharp, A choleo lot of Silk and velvet dross buttons Coloured stays, drab, pink, and buff, F. F. Infants' baskets. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. That Unrivalled Spot for Villa Residences, directly opposito tho Botmlcal Gardens, South St. Ki'da, and adjacent to tho Mansions of Mr. Barrlstor Bindon, William Kaye, Esq, and that lately occu- pied by J. Bramwell, Esq. Positiv o Salo, by Order of tho Mortgagee. MEÎSRS. NOYES and REED aro favoured with instructions by the mortgagee, under his power of salo, to SELL by AUCTION, at their Now Estate Agency and Auction Rooms, Queen-street, noxt tho Melbourne Banking Company, on Tuesday, 1st March, Bolo to commence at two o'clock, 4a. Ir. 24p. of land, considered to bo the choicest selection In the above highly favoured locality. Situated as this dclight'ul Bjiot Is, possessing a Uno marino vlovv, having tho advantage of tho promenades of thoso beautiful gardens on the opposite sido of trio parado, and within flvo minutos' wnlk of tho Bata clava Station, it 1B not too much to assert, that a moro eligible Bite for a suburban rcsidenco IB not te bo obtained. Tho wholo of tho land will first bo offered In one lot, and If sot sold it will thon bo submitted In four lot«, containing about an aero each. Further particulars may bo obtalnod at Messrs. Noyes and Reed's auction-rooms, where the plan of the property can bo inspected. v TonnB Liboral. THIS DAY. That Handsome Terrace of Houses, Situated In Groy Barkly-torraco. By Order of the Mortgagee MESSRS. NOYES and REED are favoured with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on Tues- day, Mardi 1, at Iwo o'clock, at tlioir Now Estate Agency and Auction Rooms, Queen-street, (next tho Melbourne Banking Company,) by order of tho mort Êogco, acting under tho power of solo contained ia Is mortgage deed, All that substantially-built tcrraco above de- scribed, comprising six roomy houses, fitted np with ovory modern convenience, and producing a present (but improving) rental of £840 per annum. Tho desirability of this scloct and rapidly-improving neighbourhood for prívalo residences ¡s evidenced by tho fact that this tcrraco Is let to tenants of the highest respectability, most of whom. oro of long standing. Torms-cash. For cards to \ lew and further particulars apply at the auction rooms, OS and 70 Quoousstroct. If desired by tho purchaser of tho above property, Messrs. Noyes and Reed ara prepared to negotiate a lean thereon to the extent of ont halt of the purchaso money for a term of years, at the current rate of Interest. THURSDAY, MARCH 3. Wool Sale. Clough's Warehouses. JIL CLOUGH and Co. beg to announce that thoy . will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their wool warehouses. Collins-street west, on Thursday, the 3rd March, .it three o'clock Ju (Jio afternoon precisely, Wool i > Tallow ' Hides, and > Sheepskins. - Sales by Auction. O RDER of SALES TniS DAY: Eleven o'clock-Tobacco, No. 3 Shod Eleven o'clock-Timber aud lead, Thro--lorton's Yard Tw clve o'clock- Saddlery, lro_mo_gery,p__t, 4tc, at tho rooms. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co \- THIS DAY. At Twolvo o'clock. 120 Quarter-barrels Raines's Blasting Powdor. In Good Order. 74 Quarter-barrels, Kames'a Blasting Powdor. Slightly Stained. To Hardware Dcalora and Others. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. havo rccoivod In- structions to SELL by AUCTION, attholr rooms, SO Collins-street vi est, on Tuesday, 1st March, at twolvo o'clock, 120 quarter-barrels Konicas'blasting powdor, In good order 74 do do, slightly stained. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At Twelvo o'clock. 80 Kegs, each 281b., White Zinc Paint. 140 Kegs Whitoload, each 231b. 100 Kegs Rcdlcad, Do. 50 Casks 601b Do. 60 Do 1121b. Do. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. havo rcoolvod in -structlons to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooniB, 30 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 1st March, at twelvo o'clock, 80 kegs, each 281b., white zinc point 140 kegs whitelead, each -Iib. 100 do rcdlcad, each 281b. 50 casks do 501b. 60 do do 1121b. Terms at Sale. , THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. Invoices of General Saddlery and Ironmongery. To Saddlers, Ironmongers, Dealern, and Others. aEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. havo receivod In- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, SO Collins--reot west, on Tuesday, 1st March, at twelvo o'clock, Invoices of general saddlory and Ironmongery, com- prising Tatcnt fuso Paints Sad Irons Hook and eye-inges 5 coses benzole, in 8J gallons. Also, I-«lies'and gentlemen's riding saddles, larne-, «Vc. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock Bharp. At No. 3 Shed, Hughes's vVliarf. Ex Landwuhrden. 42 Throe-quarter Boxes LorlUard's Teas Tobacco. Slightly Damaged by Sea-Water. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Othors. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have rccoivod in- structions from Messrs Bright Brothers and Co. to SELL hy AUCTION, at No 3 Shod, on Tuesday, 1st March, at cloven o'clock Bharp, 42 three-quarter boxes LorlUard's tens tobacco. Slightly damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may conccrn. No reservo. Torma-Cash. THIS DAY. At Elovon o'clock sharp. At Throckrnorton s Yard, Australian Wlioi-f. Ex Trcbolgan. 12 Sheets Lead, 41b. to 01b. More or Less Damagod. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. havo rccoivod ln structiens to SELL by AUCTION, at Throckinor ton'sYard, Australian Wharf, this day, atjelovon o'clock sharp, Ex Trcbolgan, l8 Bhccts lead, 41b to 01b. Moro or less damaged. Sold for the benefit or whom it may conoom. No reserve. Tonna-cam. Note -The bulk of tho abov o lead is lying at tho St. Kilda platform of tho M. and H. B. Railway Station, Flinders street. ' THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock Sharp, At Tlrrockmorton's Yard. Ex Pride of the Ocean. l8 Sheets Lead. Moro or Less Damaged. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. lmvo received in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at tho Aus- tralian Wharf, this day, ot olov on o'clock ahorp, Ex Pride of the Ocean, l8 Bhccts lead. Moro or less damaged. Sold on account of whom it may concern, No reserve. Terms-cash. Note.-Tho bulk of tho »hove lead Is lying at tho St. Kilda platform of tho Melbourne and Hobson'B Bay Railway Station, Flinders street. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock Sharp; At Tlirc-_oorton's Yard, Australian Wharf. Ex Hobe. 2027 7 x 2_ Battena, 0ft, to 28ft. Lengths. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received In- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at Tlirock -lorton's Yard, this day, at eleven o'olock ahorp, 2027 7 x 2J battena, 0ft to 28R. lengths. Ex Hobo Terms at bate. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2. At Twolvo o'clock. Important Sale of CHOICE VICTORIAN WINES. Being tho Last Salo of tho Season. At tho Cellars of Messrs. De Dollon and La Molle, 76B William Btreot. 0 Quarter-casks Börset«. G Do. Chasselas. 20 Hhds. Chablis. 24 Casks Burgundy. 20 Illida. Hermitage. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. havo received In- structions from Messrs De Dollon and La Mollo to SELL by AUCTION, at their collars, 76B Willlom atreet, on Wodncsday, 2nd March, at twolvo o'clock, 70 hhds and casks CHOICE VICTORIAN WINES, Comprising 0 emoi-ter-easks Bars. 0 do Chasselas 20 hhds. Chabl s 24 casks Burgundy 20 hhds. Hermitage. Terms at sale. Tho auctioneers, In drawing attention to this sale of Messrs De Dollon and La MOIIC'B eolobrated winos, can with confldonco recommend them to eonnolssours and others desirous of supplying themselves with a first-clans article, nothing at all approaching to thom in quality having cv cr been offeree! in this market. Catalogued and orders for sampling can be had at tho rooms of the auctioneers on and after Monday, 22nd Inst. THURSDAY, MARCH 3. At Twelve o'clock. Unrcservod Salo of -ívolco of Drugs and Dye-Woods. All Faults (if any). To Druggists, Dyers, Soap-Boilers, Perfumers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have rccoivod in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 30 Collins-street west, on Thursday, March 3, at tw eli o o'clock, An lnvoico of drugs and dyo-woods, comprising Brazil wood, ebony; soap, cosmétiques, ma- cassar oil, oil of cassia, ribston pippin, Rim- mers dentifrice, cayenne pepper, sal ammonia, glaubcr, ground ginger. No reserve. TorniB-Cash. THURSDAY, MAROU 3. At Twolvo o'clock. Unreserved Sale of 45 BaleB Paper Bags, Comprising, Browns, Purples, Tea Bags. Small-Front Drapers', Boot, Cap, Flour, ka. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Drapers, Dealers, and Others GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have receivod in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 80 Collins-street west, on Thursday, March 8, at twelvo o'clock, 45 bales paper bags, comprising Browns Purples Tea bags Small front drapers' « Boot. Cap Hour. Also, 2 bales y cllow demy 1 case white blotting. No reserve. Terms at Sole. THIS DAY. 143 0 x 8 Spruce Deals. HO 11 x S Do. 8\. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, 1st March, at cloven o'clock, Ex Albert, 148 0 x 3 spruce deals 110 11 _ 3 do. _Terms at Sale._ THIS DAY. 170 Light Hogshead Stoves. 40 Heavy Pipe Do. C8. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUOriON, on ? tho Australian Wharf, dn Tuosday, 1st March, at eleven o'clock, Ex Albort, 170 light hogshead staves 40 heavy pipo do. Terms at Sale. THISDAY. 105,709ft. Clear rino. 120,824ft. lln. Shelving. 100,201ft. Uti. White Pino T. and G. Flooring. 108,310ft. lin. Spruce T. and G. Do. 3872ft. llln. Do Do Do. 160,000 «ft. Oin. Sawn Laths. £00 Barrels American Caleinod Plaster. CS. ROSS and Co. wlU SELL hy AUCTION, on tho f Australian Vi bart, on Tuesday, 1st March, at cloven o'clock, . Ex Susan M. Dudinan, 105,1 BOR clear pine, lln. to 2*ln. 120,824ft. lln. shelving, 12in. to22tn. wide 100,204ft. lin. whltoplncT. and G. flooring . 108,810ft. lln. «pruce do do -67-t, Hin. do do do ' ltO.OOO 4ft. Oin. sawn laths SOO barrels American calcined plaster. Tenus at Sole. G Sales by Auction. . " THIS DAY. For Positivo Salo. » , 120 Packages Boots and Shoes, ? Of Turner Brothers', Horn mid Adams s, Groom's Manufacturo. To Boot and Shoe Merchants, Country Storekeepers, ' and Olhors. I71RASER and Co. havo roooived Instructions from ? ths importors to SELL hy AUCTION, at their upper roomB, 33 ColllnB-strect west, on Tuesday, 1st March, at cloven o'clock pmclsoly, 120 packages Boots and Shoes, consisting of ' Women's cordovan boole Do do loco do Do do clabtics Men's hradded bluchers Men's calf elastics Do large wellingtons Boys' brodded bluchers Girls' cordovan boots Men's enamolled wellingtons, &c.; For POSITIVE SALE. Tenus at Sale. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2. For Positivo Sale. 104 Bundles No. 4 Galvanized Iron Wiro. To Merchants, Squatters, and Others. FRASER and Co. hav o received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr back rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, 2nd March, at half-past cloven o'clock prociselj', For positive sale, 104 bundles No. 4 galvanizod iron fencing wiro, each cod about 2 cwt. Terms at Sato. ' THURSDAY, MARCH 3. Oilmen's Stores. Uiooorlcs. Provisions, io. To Meichants.'Groccrs, Storekeepers, snd Others, FRASER and Co. have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, 3rd March, at half-past cloven o'clock precisely, Oilmen's stores Oro eries Pi o visions, &c.; Terms at Silo. THUhSDAY, MARCH 3. At No. 4 Shod, Australian Wharf. Ex Wolverine. 704 Bags Mauritius Sugar. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and Co. havo received instructions from tho importers to SELL by AUCPION, at No. 4 Shed, Australian Wharf, on Thursday, 3rd March, at eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Wolverine 704 bogs Mauritius sugar. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, MARCH 8. 200 BagB Mauritius Sugar. 126 Do Do. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and Co. havo received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their back rooms, 33 Collhis-strcet west, on Thursday, March 3, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, . 200 bags Mauritius sugar 126 do do. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. Preliminary Notice For ABSOLUTE SALE. Under Instructions from Messrs. Williams and Little. At WEST GEELONG STATION. Most Important and Extensive Salo of the Remaining Portion of the RAILWAY PLANT Used In the Construction of tho GEELONG and BALLARAT RAILWAY. To Railway Contractors, Enginoore, Iron Merchants, Iron Founders, and tho Trado Generally. IJtRASER and Co. havo received instructions from ? Messrs. Williams and Little to SELL by AUC- TION, at tho West Geelong Station, on Tuesday, 8th March, at half-past eleven o'clock, Tho remaining portion of tho RAILWAY PLANT used in tho construction of tho GEELONG and BALLARAT RAILWAY, consisting of Engines Cranes Stone-breaking machines Waggons, &C.; For positive Bolo, Without reson-e. Full particulars in futuro advertisement. Catalogues in courue of preparation. Terms at Salo. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. GROSVENOR-HOUSE. Mitford-strcot, St. Kilda. Containing Eight RoomB, Stablos, &c.; WADE and GOWAN have hoon favoured with In- structions from James Wolfe, Esq., in conse- quence of his returning to England, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the ground, on a day that wulBhortly bo named, if not sold before privately, Tho abovo well-built suburban residence, over- looking tho bay and tho Botanical-gardens, St. Kilda, and near to the residences of Messrs. Bindon, Bramwell, Sellar, &c.; For further particulars apply to the auctioneers. THIS DAY. Photographie Albums. WADE and GOWAN will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins-street west, this day, at eleven o'clock, ? An invoico ot elegant photographie albums. To be sold without reserve. > Tenus at Sale._ THIS DAY. Important Salo of Now Goods. Just Landed. Ex Anglesoy. Mantles, Dresses, Embroidered Frocks, Hoods, Bon- nets, Huts, Shawls. Knickerbocker Suits. Mantles, &c; To Warehousemen, Drapers, Milliners, Dealers, and Others. TTtTADE an Vi instructions from tho Importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at tholr mart, 20 Collins-strcot went, on Tuesday, iKt March, commencing at eleven o'clock sharp, A nlco lot of now goods, just landed ex Anglesey, comprising Ladles' mohair mantles, fashionably trimmed Do silk velvet and glace mantles Do fashlonablo made-up drcssos, with Jackets Do head-dresses and neckties Children's embroidered cashmore frocks Infants' satin hoods and hats Do cashmere and French merino carrying-cloaks, richly embroidered Children's merino pelisses Boys' Knickerbocker Bults Ladles' fashlonablo shawls Do do skirts Fashlonablo fancy dresses Super, dress stuns. In wincey and rons. Black and coloured coburg» , Super. French twills Alpacas Ladies fashionable cloth mantles , Do shawls, trimmed fur and velvet Black glaco Black and coloured patent velvets Fancy skirts, in rep, wincey, and not Ladies' stays Ladles' fashlonablo bolts Dark-ground lilao prints White counterpanes 0-4 printed oil baizes Men's lambsvvool pants, plainland ribbed Shetland half-hose Fanoy worsted lioso Children's fancy scarfs and wooljboots Women a white cotton IIOBO Men's brown cotton half-hose. Tho auctioneers call the special attention of tho trade to this important sale of now goods Without reserve. .On view Tuobday morning. Terms at Salo. THURSDAY, MARCH 3. Important Clearing Sale of the Valuable Stock Of tho MONSTER BOOT and SHOE EMPORIUM, 23 Bourke-atrcot East. Elegant Cedar Fittings. Show Coses. Drawers. Mahogany Samplo Caso, with Drawers. To the Boot and Shoo Trado of Melboumo and Suburbs, Buyers from the Country, Dealors, and Others. WADE and GOWAN havo boon favoured with in Btmctlona from the proprietors of tho Monster Boot and Shoo Emporium to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their premises, 23 Bourke-strcet east, on Thursday, 3rd March, commencing at eleven o'clock, Tho whole of their valuablo stock of mon's, women's, and children's BOOTS and SHOES. Expressly selected ti oin tho host manufacturers. , Also, Tile elegant and substantial oodar fittings, «boives, draw ers, show casos Mahogany samplo case, very completo, fitted with drawers at great expenso. The whole must be sold off without any reservo to make room for tho extension of tho tailoring depart- ment. _Tenns at Bale._ MONDAY, MARCH 7. Absolute Bato Ota Gonteol Wcathorboardod Cottage, At tho Corner of H illlam and Arthur streets, , South Yarra, Opposite the Residence of Mr. Moody. To Bankers' and Merchants' Clerks, and Others, in Search of a Comfortablo Freehold Residence. WADE and GOWAN have boen faroured with in- structions to SELL by PUBLIC* AUCTION, at their mart, 2* Collins-street wost, on Monday, 7th March, at twelve o'clock, _ A genteel weatheruonrded cottage, situate as above, In a healthy locality, containing three rooms, kitchen, and servnnts'-rooni, verandahs front and back, two 400gal. iron tanks, and out- houses, on an olio nient of land 46ft. to Wll llain-streot by 116ft. te Arthur-street. Only two minutes' walk of tho Gardiner's Creek Rood Station. _Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Prime Fat Cattle from Gipps Land. MESSRS. W. E. and A. S. KING wUl SELL at » the Flemington Yards, on Tuesday, 1st March, 200 'head of really primo and heavy Gipps Land bullocks, from the paddocks of Meurs. . ' " ' Peck and Little. t Sale to commence at two «'clock sharp. Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. Unreserved Clearing Sale of Mauritius and Java Sugars-Crystals, Counters, Rations, Finest Plantation Coffeo. Cleaned Java Table Rico. Loaf Sugar, Black Pepper, &c.; To Merchants, Coffce-t ousters, Grocers, Storekeepers' and Others. GREIG and MURRAY halo received instructions from tho importers, Messrs. Young and Martin,. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday 1st March, at twelve o'clock, Ex various ships, . 1100 bags Java sugar-counters, crystals, rations &c; SSO do Mauritius sugar, various samples 10 tons finest plantation Java coffoo 200smallbagB cleaned Jova tablo-rlco 200 bags black pepper 10 cases loaf sugar. Tho aboio goods arc all now in store, in fino ordor, and will bo sold to close accounts. Terms, i Hiern], at Sale. THIS DAY. Candles, Foreign Full-weights, Gouda, Phillipe and Canaud's Sardines, half and quartcrtins. Superior French Fork and Boof. Lager Beer, bparkling Moselle and Champagne, ¿se. To Merchants, Grocers, Wlno'and Spirit Morchant«, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY havo received Instructions from tho importers, Messrs. J. W. Ploos van Amstel and Co.. to SELL by AUCTION, at their roomB, on Tuesday, March 1, at twelve o'clock, Ex Johannes Tornandoz, ice., 1000 boxes foreign full-weight candios, Gouda 60 coses quarter sardines, PhilUpo and Canaul £0 do half do, do do 26 half-barrels finest French pork < Efidodobeef 25 cases superior moselle S6 do finest champagne 25 do do moecllo 00 casks lager beer, quarts . 10 do do, pints > 20 cases very superior claret, Monthouil Franc Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. " 260 Boxes Oglcby's Candles, lib. packets. 250 Do Do, tilb. packets. To Grocors, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURKAY havo received instructions' from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, March 1, at twelvo o'clock, 260 boxes Ogloby's candles, lib. pockets 250 dodo, 01 b. pockets. Terms at Sale. ' THIS DAY. At Twelvo o'clock. 000 Bogs Finest Danish Oats. In Primo Order. To Corn Merchants, Livery-stablo Keepers, and Others. GREIG ond MURRAY havo rocoivod instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuts. day, March 1, at twelvo o'clock, The first lot to bo sold, COO bags finest Danish oats. In primo order. TerniB, Liberal, at Sale. THIS DAY. Eight Bales Gingorbcer Corks. Also, Ono Ton Brown Paper. To Cork Merchants, Olngorbeor Manufacturers, Stay tioners, and Others. GHEIG and MURKAY aro Instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 1st March at tweh o o'clock, 8 bales gingcrbcer corks, each 100 gross. Also, ' 1 ton brown paper. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock sharp. 300 Bags Adelaide Wheat. Moro or Less Damaged by Sea-Water. Sold on Account of Whom It May Concern. To Millers, Corn Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY havo received instructions from tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, March 1, at twelvo o'clock, sharp, IX Glenshee, 300 bags Ade'o'do wheat. Moro or less damaged by sea water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Old Tom, In Caso. Swaine, Boord's, Btrnords, Worthington^, Loundo3', How ell's, Heddlo's. i To Close Accounts. To Mere' ants, Wine and Spirit Merchants, Store» koipcrs, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY liavo received instruction» to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on TUOK day, 1st March, at tw olvo o'clock, 600 cases Btrnard's old tom 172 do Worthington's d j 120 do Heddlo's do 187 do How ell's do 307 do S»ohio Bo id's do 10O do Loundcs' do. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. THIS DAY. Field's Superior Fresh Oystors, lib. tins. Rod Herrings, Pickled Horrings. Fresh Salmon. No. 1 Mackerel. To Merchants, Grocors, Storekeepers, and Othors. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, March 1, at twelvo o'clock, Ex Albert, fr.ni Boston, 250 boxes Field'B sup. fresh oj-sters, each 2 dozem lib. tins 60 kits pickled herrings CO tins red herrings, 4 dozen each 100 do do, 2 dozen do 15 boxes fresh salmon, each 24 21b. tins. Ex Aberdeen, 200 kits No 1 mackerel. Now goods, Just lauded In fino order. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 14 Cases Compton'« Bacon, Middies. On Account of Whom it May Concern. To Grocers, Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, amil Others. GREIG and MURRAY hal o recoivod instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at. their rooms, this clay, Tuesday, March 1, at twelve o'clock, 14 cases Compton's bacon, middles. All faults. On account of whom it may concern. No reserve Tornis-Uash. THIS DAY. l8 Cases Prime's Fmo York Hams. 12 Do Do Bacon. 23 Do York Barns, To Grocers, Storckoopors, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY havo rocoivod instructions, to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, this day, Tuesday, Mardi 1, at twelvo o'clock, l8 cases Prime's fino York hams 12 do do bacon 23 do York hains. Guaranteed parcels. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 750 Bugs MAURITIUS SUGAR, Counters, Crystals, i.e. To Close an Account. To McrcliantsJ Grocers, Browcra, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY ha\o rocoivod instruction* to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, thlB. clay, Tuesday, March 1, at tweh o o'clock, 750 bags MAURITIUS SUGAR, Crystals Counters, &c.; To cloie an account. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. THIS DAY. 60 COBCS Jacqucson and Sons' Champagne To Wlno and Spirit Merchants, Storekcopers^and. Othors. GREIG and MURRAY havo received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, March 1, at twelve o'clock. 60 cases Jacquoson and Sous' champagnt, each uno dozen quart». Terms at Sale THIS DAY. Bottled Fruits, Pint Pickles, Batty's Pickled Rod Cabbago, Walnut«, Fresh Herrings, &c.; New Goods, Just Landed. To Grocors, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions, from tho Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, March 1, at twelve: o'clock, ' 100 coses Coopcr'B pint pickles, each 3 donen 10 do do fresh herrings, lib. tins CO do do bottled fruits 20 do Batty's pickled red cabbago, each 3 dozen 20 do do walnuts, do 16 do tomato sanco, each 4 dozen, half-pints 22 barrels currants. New goods, just landed. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Copland's and French Salad OU. Homoeopathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. aREIG and MURRAY have roccived instructions, from tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, March 1, at twelve* o'clock, 16 cases Copland's salad eli, pints 12 do do, thrco-cighth pints 16 cases Frcncli ¡nut salad oil 0 cases homojopathlo cocoa, lib. tins 0 do Mo, iib. do. 2 do soluble chocolato, Jib. do. To bo sold to closo accounts. Terms at Salo.. THIS DAY. T 70 Casks Tennent'» Stout. 100 Coses Barclay and Co.'s Do. CO Dozen Double Brown Stout. 12 Do Do, pints. 50 Do Stout Porter. To Ale and Porter Wlno and Spirit Merchants, Grocers, i -and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, on Tuesday, 1st March, at twelve o'clock, < 100 cases Barclay and Co.'s stout ' 70 casks Tennont'8 do CO cases double brown stout, quarts < 12 do do, pints ' . 60 do stout porter, quarts. . . - ? Terms at Sale. 