A LEsUswLY periiBRi of complete iles of papers. by the last mail enables us to offer some remarks on the pressnt state of atffairs in the old world, and their probable issue. It may indeed appear to some almost absurd, at this distance of time and place, to comment on the various scenes of the gleit historical drama now being enacted in Europe and Ameries; but, in some respects, we enjoy even an advantage over those who are actually on the spot, and are more familiar with all the details bf occurnces. We should bemuch aidedno dotibt in the task, if the departure of the mail steimer were regulatetby evehtsinstssd ofty the mere lapse of a certain periodof time-if our batch of news alwaysr comprised the history of ae certain set epoch, instead of consisting, aus it generally does, of items belonging properly to and filling up and eompleting, facts previously known, and of others while simply inaugurate \ a new series of events, which they leave us almost in the dark as to their probable results. Of this nature is the news that bla just reached us in reference to the Danish war and the London Conference, and the vague rumours of Confederate successes in America. dtill, we have this advantae-that we neeive 'atteum ' a considerable, if incomplete, period of histoty, and, uninfluenced by present ramburs,sare absle to take in a large portion of the past at a glance. 01 hoine newa the mostinterestingie what we may call the QUEN's ardvertisement. This ex cellentlady,whosea?esiontothethroneof Eng land was one of the greatest bElteasinge that'ber happened to any nation, has chosen to' speak to her loving subjects through' the cohimnis of the preass theyprize dearly. Shelhasapoke ' in tones of touching tederess, and. with a devotiou almost sublipie. The Qutcs 'Was always known as one ofthe hsrdest workiirs in her dominione,; id it' Was alseb knownihbw ably and powerfully she 'was assiite4 i' her 'work by int 'rhoseelohad is: not"El' otafiel his bead in the dust. T9 expect the samnednibut of labour from one whoe?shealth is birokefi t: by'' the utter and ever-aijidiiig de.bclatibo which: has taken the place of herl forshet happiness," while the loving help-mate is no longer at"ler' side,'but the lonelv'womau's heart mut toil on unaided 'through ithe tortuous labyrinths of dip'olmjey-to expect this, we say, ::wiould;be cruel, rst now that the ease has beien.-ofeel- ' ingly apd can?lidly placed before the public by the Quxunw Ipruelf, we feel ?su8red(tt 'tth eM is not one bfther subjects who Will nabt ;ither thank htr tosbii hscioissly exprpsaseapromises 'of what she will d87tjaai blkmeher 'oirpusaing by, or rather dptolvin?konother, whhat fiends it impossible to 'cco llh, ": " .. While on this subject weumayislude..tut"' for a moinent, to some .piotulvalhfsi.n.. current lately, to the effect that the :domestic~ ;tranqillity ofte.m royat'"fatily'is marre4 by coolness between the Qucdas and the PRIce. of WsLEs. 'he Quers'svnmpathie8s ,,4r'. pretty certainly knowu tobe with. Germnyinn' ' the affair 4tf Schleswig-Uslstein, while those of the Panr?a are naturally with 'thetathei6Fao" his bride; and out of this eircumstance, andid some others too trivial for'nonslicietil"c 'We' Kgossips of the court, or we stilsild@pihaji. " rather say the goesips who ai;et iannoled '" of court secrets, have manufactured thdjalh! rumour to whieh we dllude. But it Wtist?? giether incredible. Persooa 'or' i te"&ti;? io-i2. Rideratiopis have never been known to.iiterfese with the duties of the throtemiuei t-neeived-. its present oeetpant, and4 ? supoethkt the : QssxN, who, as Bead o?,r f u1,-ijy.4alngvi beeli pliattern to her uubjlu44 w euldIow any political or extraneous cuuueneeto sihange the harmony ,of her,,dpn ~"~eiroirtso.' discord, is to Buppeso whEs is,; uwarranted by ah* that we? knorw $fse( character. An experiesne of tcqnsitat century hase made se pretty i Sll biii with tdie true-lie~urteduess ssf'Vtbrott'a. woman, an Englishwoman, a wife, 5i and aqueten: in all thoeae capacitied1 uoXved heiself abundauitly equal-tol $ A tion;, and: it w4iltisaai a o W nrt i~, the past to harbour theinkind "upseiosrtSt ,ow,in the ripe matirity oftFer mini*pnd she could destroy at' once all the pi? d$i F the illuatrious past, by.:mcri8ilS c .uthle is& tn of a nationality not properly her oWnii?.th Iigher, more lntrisvice, aidd'Cibnlkdr feilng which have made her to ni ivhot'she ic.C W t may safely assure ourselves that she..till remains, as she has always been,. tri British oak' and that, as the "aser of E~ilai~,~ t f~iture king, she will do whas.r~ glaon d erpe '_. of her, and what she alwayhs ha done-.o4se duty. The 'aist stream of immigration wvb ichi n6wol6lowinug ei'os the Atlantic ?fro;isPiri&.i is perhaps the very best thilg thi?t s?oid happen to that country. Ireland bibar$ many inevitable. wrongs. at jhe hllmd of Englanid, and halos gro·dieineudei' ships ineidents] to her. position ? ?UugaAii in some respects, as ftir 4iSCind her ooi'sjs she is ahead 'of thein i mst. i' mateti?. progress and refienient we'lg beli?.bit'.h the practical applicatio.'ofjuat jrindplwe' otten distance our pmgenoto?. 'I " 4?B?uy?] coming, even in England, ;hen religionir rather priestcraft, shall esee to bee 4aM tool, and men's actions shall'blie asfreeas'lh r" consciences. But it is not so yet, and,?in the :ester island, we see a lar?e native Roman Catholic population trampled on by a dowii saut ecelesiasticism whieic they abomiiate and despise. We may regret; butit sistleibhlb to be surprised at, thefanatical exceseses which sometimes disgrace the 'ii?bibltnt'wti lv e Green Isle. As a mnsequened tth~se tngs wre 'irve abseitee landlords, amid .a wa"tof capital to develop the rich resmre of te country. So long as England continues her pre~set unjust policy to?a?ds lrelidL--s there is no prospect of her changing it--the best course for a certain eclsee of tejih?i. .. tents is to leave te tco~iiy as thpyare "io doing. Englibinen have done tdi easne erea now withthe hapipiest results; their klaees are soon. taken liy bbher b~tter aeett'el, the wor ld dfmiroiur lL r'iPl' hbh.litiiin" movement appears to us hardly ~i ?.sMN f serious conlideration. - It ais MidsitlS: an organisation' set on foot by desigKun rid interested mnen, and supported only y the most ignorant of the people. . Gsaxana?'a ovation in England .pwst be regarded as a spontaneous ebullition of popular sympathy with what are called the oppressed nationalities of En?ope, intensified, of course, by the high estimation in which a chivalrous nation would naturally hold such a man. Consideringthatthe English people have nosub. I stantial interest in OGamsal, or in anytlrig that he has either.done or attempted, it hiusti be admitted that'the gieros$ity of tlheir.reeon nition of him and his serevices wasas hnioumble to themselves as to the worthy uedpient: df their homage As selshness is to him a stranger, so was it equally absent ferooq.~tpn? minds of his worshippers. As.t tho tecaus?-? assigued by popular opi.ion for GAsamair's sudden return to Caprera, we finad it difOicult to arrive at any certain conclusion; for while, on the one hand, the reason stated Was, uhbt. less, a sufficient one, and it is almost impossible to doubt the truthfulnessof LordCLrEasnDo and the CINCELLr R of the Ex'?oREQUE, who distinetly stated that the French nmpeDroinad nothing whatever to do with th matter, still we cannot get over the fact that the G.arxnw.au triumph must have been extremely distsstefull to certain foreign potentates, andthat-it is hnot usual for Cabinets to hterpoae in behalfothbe i 4th':o ' :iso· iiaul e a?~i quite con tent that-?the omie of 'the General should' have been cut abort as'it was, an4 ?e'thiB t he w&ald; haive shown better tarte` .hd Je, olf his ownaoordl, rested atisfied With thehonoiur Spaid toKi?n in the apitaI, wi:hout preparing St'ddrive his triumphal car over king's necks through thequiet streets of English country towns. 'Still, England had a perfect right to allow of his doing so if she pleased, and, as our glorious nation " never did, noi neverehall, lie at theproud feet ofa conuer," 'so is it also contrary to the nil-known aqri of the 1eople to beloened m(any.wway,an ? eir domestic actiot?-ythe diotates of a ig-i power. But if the British Govrnnient.sealv disapproved, aswe think they were fully jistffied in doing, of Galpnr's iutention to piolong indefi • nitely the ex?itement of the ieoplI, and if it were hinted in the gentleaL and most proper manner by some foreign.ambassador, say for instance of Austria, that, though his Govern ment would not, of course, thiLk pf inteiferipg, it w noptl ppssible, ina th stature of thngs, that theytould repard, qu .'psib .oc rence with eoplaceuey---bem ng in gind also. the' grat' desi~rbiity, eapeially t the presect time, of not ll?w a, uyting uneossarily to.. iter,? fe. .with kfindly. relations towards tids powers of E pe---ifes, ,pty,.such things were, ;tah0.overnmeiint of. Lorid Pirieasiox wouldiasre been deserving of censure, and not praie, )iad they srefrained from the justifiable and sensible mourse they are said to have pursupd; This is one of the instances in which we at a distlance are better able to form an unbiasse4opinion as to what is expedient and righ~ihaxnan- our countrymen at homrne with the lpbpular enthusiasm at, its. height around them.. Iutto bhe intrieate mazesa of the Chancelloir's. bndg ?tpe'shallaaot'presmume to enter. It is edhouhi ms, S. we may esteem ourselves fortunte, 'if we .u able to master the state e6at iperiilically placed biefre us.bly our own TLrealetr, aOd Bfind therein satisfation, 'with out, loing ,rsUlrein the gigantic calenla tiannafatlema who has to provide for an a~nai expenditure of sixty-seven millions iterli. •We 'can howrever understand this, sxad?Jpice tAt-it t 'the English revenue ftbr the year ?bo~s an exess over expenditure of three ?,illons inm aa hailf--that the national debt is to beteduced by eamly ait atmounf- that 4 aryil.efc..ta ge?,nzg. in. interest of pa.r... and'that taxation is conee 5 '-red. .-"'. -: " , '-l ,? haaages we red not ape* t to s at ?lrad Parinamon o hai fr.,n ,e&i; ' very •valuable colleas :ui;gu,,&tnia;~ h;s.la ,t? a friend. The althouh ome yas ago preferencewas wii&to; hPim 01*; his hit p cksk:f on ·tjzosrnnnd~,d of ,-spil d, youth, .aa sunk n$~rqov~ hile thi e premier is hale k ertir: 'the other two gentlemen tche exrigencies of pry wafe, otla z .fwih they were guilty jeng, for e iqa eniaiti the exti~ee. N _I,".Locx, Kiaeo's, bill for the f wtry franchise from-uG0 iv?"and dhe olbervatious of J aMKt very wrthy of consi S n, e l, ,tnn'ibeml.sol uates his thait "thr? ,doe. not t present exist aatxie.ty as heretofore for organic iare ..- only mieans to ends, mpy ue4 tomu,. lisbhe d." ..he, ise. a ~ jqsjae4 Matbis.remark which asunt atataso-- s men te iglt.work to ther r lwsa loust.,n '"the picviou? :rsowti , thenumbersheing. 24 to oa?.+ u.nlrbenred, though only by t lnjoit:yof 27t ,ot only niot to redars n eto £10, but not to temper with ,lj~ciof contemplatri on Ja A-bl'a .nth~e." Church of Eunglind tiiiaJa~~tle.4a judguseut of uzv$Apus .orthodox gentlemenu j' meanp consent to let to mel a f erer~tipg~damnatiqn, and they iiulno ze it'tlzihbt that he church gene ii gtptwith it. While eating, as the re cle? srgyaynti lie ."the p nptuou and 'i?nhaita dieuiri t? ed ortoe t ea the orthodoxy" of gtheit'b the'e 'hiwk abolit this " eclrt"?ia rewfusal to sign the meusants tb auspiciqn ther. than .entei-. here at l n. i ia? reeable metter, we pro, e oirlnext to furinish oir renders with a -.syse ble articlde .upon it, extrazt-ed from .an Enih peridical. We observe, by alate $e;fij- am~tbiatBishop icnazeso has been f vepoed at the Ceie. ' . vals of cotton in England froni ?iSj oft~he world form, subject for sincere oetulaj onl, an'd.the fact,. e trust, will not tbeah Amries, as showing that she.is not 9/ynindispenRi ble to the world, brit that even anester can get on without her. ,Thel??iotideable item of intelligence to wiiB iphallAlauide is the exetllent resolu tii'kh e' iii thlesHouse of Lords, at the in atuepfS e l, airl of Dnay, to the effect that ra...-p?p.,nie be compelled to convey the abobu43jgla duly to and from their Work, t , i f ten'iiles, at a charge not * o hitiUngpe?r'wdee. It is impo. '?bl Y rMa te' the heneflcial results t taris r uc a, regulation, in #'t .5ig tihp qblA katesr rom the close air an~it~ rldshopf~l?~ rfis if Uon oi?~ tewas have ex itd tpgcli , .eg5tb i we meste reserve t oppo rtunetemment the a . frr.. t .... . +=..., ",-. . 