The .brief and tantalizing telegram transmitted 'to Suez at the last moment encourages the hopo that England and Prance'' are about to offer the brave Scandinavians something more than cold 'sympathy; and irritating advice. A British fleet in the Baltic and a French army on the confines of Schleswig- TIolstein, will revive the hopes oi Denmark and restrain the' aggressive insolence of the German powers.' J udging from the general tenor of the intelligence received oy this mail, the Anglo-French intervention was not a moment too soon. The main land of Schleswig was in the hands of the victorious invaders ; the small but gallant army of Denmark was melting away before the comparatively enormous forces arrayed against it; and the evacuation of Fredericia (die key of Jutland) had placed the whole of the Danish peninsula at the mercy of the enemy. .Under these, circumstances all thatremainedoftheKingdon ofDeri- mark was theislandof Zealand, together with those of Funen, Laland, Falster, . etc. The original ground.. of; quarrel! had been pretty nearly lost sight-! of. Idol. stein had been seized upon, then Schleswig-, and finally the .Prussians were of opinion tha Jutland should he taken possession of " in reprisal for " attacks on 'the German shipping com- "mitfed :hy -the Danes"; - Sincere.! days when the wolf fell upop and d'e- ; vourcd tho lamb for muddying the stream which flowed down from tho stronger to tho weaker animal brutality and cupidity have never been at a loss for a plea to justify tho outrages thoy may commit, and Prussia, having dis covered one excuse for occupying Jut land, would not bo slow to put forth a second for its incorporation 'with Solilcs- wig-IIolstein as a German Duchy. Whodier the Governments of France and England have been stung into action by this aggressive and aggran dising policy on tho part of Prussia, or whether they have waited until Denmark, like the " sick man" in Turkey, just before the com mencement of the Crimean war, was in articulo mortis, before oomiag to his assistance, it is impossible to divine from the meagro intelligence before us. Probably Lord Palmerston and tbo Emperor Napolhon have yielded to the pressure' of public opinion ; for it is impossible hut that the spectacle of a heroic nation being trampled out of existence by the combined powers of Germany must liavo nroused the indig nation of a quick-fecliug and sensitive people like the French, and must have stirred the hearts of our less impulsive but not less earnest countrymen at home. And wo enn well imagine the thrill of satisfaction which ran through Great Britain, from the Princess Alexandra down to the smallest 'prentice boy in Portsmouth dockyard, when it was known that tho Channel fleet had been ordered for active ser vice into the Baltic ; not, as once upon a time, for the bombardment of Copen hagen, but to co-operate with the French and Dani;h armies in averting the spoliation or dissolution of the kingdom of Denmark. All over Europe the news will be received w,th joy ; for the first gun which is fired by the French army or the British fleet against the German allies, will very likely awaken strange echoes in Poland, Hungary, and Vonetia. By making the cause of an " oppressed nationality" their own, France and England send a message of hopeful import to every " oppressed nationality" on the Continent of Eu rope. Presburg and Buda will be fully alive to its import ; so will Warsaw and Posen ; so will Romo and Venice. If Austria and Prussia are called upon to cope with the military power of Franco, and with the naval might of England, in the North 'Western corner of Europe ; and if, as appears extremely probable, Victor Emmanuel should march an army of liberation on Venetian Lombardy, while Kossuth lights the fires of insurrection in Hungary ; the do minions of Francis Joseph, and of William the First, ere likely to be considerably retrenched before the end of ISOd. The enfranchisement of so much of Italy as still lies beneath the Austrian yoke, cannot fail to be assisted by Garibaldi's recent visit to Eng land, the enthusiastic reception by all i classes of tho people from the Prime Minister downwards, and tho magnifi cent oration awarded to lii'm ill Lon don, cannot fail to exercise a great moral influenco upon his countrymen in Italy; for it was the emphatic recognition and approbation by the people of England of the cause . to which ho has dedicated Lis life, and from the prosecution of which ho i3 solemnly pledged never to refrain, so long as any portion of Italy lies under tho thraldom-of the stranger. Tho reconstruction of the Anglo-. French alliance, as against Germany, and on behalf of Denmark, is, there fore, an eventpregnant withimportanoe in tho present condition of Europe; and, taken in connection with what lias since occurred, it seems not unnatural to conclude that Garibaldi's some what abrupt departure from England was occasioned by the knowledge he may have obtained of the then impend- intorvention of Franco and England in the affairs of Denmark; pointing as that intervention did and does, to other eventualities in which the Italian hero was deeply interested, and would play a prominent and glorious part. The locality at present saddled with the inharmonious if suggestive title of Wood's Point asks a hospital. The Government is nothing loath, and only asks that local subscriptions shall amount to a respectable sum, say L1000, before tho usual grant of two to one is given. The question asked byMr. Onn in the House, to which 2, !:IVOlirable reply was made in Com mittee of Supply by the Treasurer, has been since backed, up by a deputa tion from the locality chiefly interested. Mr. M'Culloch was, for him, un usually favourable to the project set before him. There were no political breakers ahead, the water was smooth, and so sailed the deputation into a safe harbour. Wo hold it to be a healthy sign that a locality which, but a few months ago, was the wildest of wild bush! and mountain, untrodden save by unbranded cattle, and innocent of pick, shovel, or axe, should start into such vigourous life, and bo able to demand, almost as a right, a fair share in the Government annual grant for charitable purposes. We use this latter expres sion advisedly, seeing that already a population second in numbers to only those upon the years since established goldfields, and in enterprise second to none, has made the fastnesses of Gipps Land its home, and is. daily employed in making permanent its habitations. A glanpe at the escorts— this , present week upwards of 7000 ;ounces, have been sent down — shows' that Wood's Point cannot fail to bo the centre of a vast goldfield. If, with the rudest appliances, a few thousands men— al most all of them ignorant of the lay of the country — can contrive to produce such magnificent results, what may we not expect when good roads are made, .creeks - bridged,- and cartage becomes ;5ons'qnable -.The advent of Spring wilK-welcomo thousands more enter- prising_men to the heights and valleys of Gipps Land now winter frozon, soon weatherboard will tako the place of wattle and dab, and brick buildings .supplant the .'log . and hark huts in '.which tho inhabitants) miners, bankers) and storekeepers are compellod to 1 bybernate. As capital pours in so will comforts increase external and internal. Nor will it he the least proud boast of the Gippslander to ho able to point early in the coming season to tho rising walls of a hospital. The establishment of a hospital in tho centre of the Gipps Land mines, is so necessary, and appeals so closely to tho sympathies of all reasonable beings in the colony, as, considered per se, to require no bolstering up by newspapers. Wood's Point is, as it were, on the outskirts of civilization. It is idle to talk of the Omeo, or any particular gully or flat which tho great - cry - and - little - wool Howitt prospecting party made public, during their ignoble tour in Gipps Land. Although wo are of opinion that the development of perhaps the most auri ferous section of Victoria was by tho Howitt expedition postponed for several years, we are delighted to chronicle tho fact that there is at last a Wood's Point, and a Donnelly's Creek besides. That there will be other " coigns of vantage," a spur hero and a flat there, no reasonable being doubts. This then being the feeling of the public, the gentlemen who formed tho deputation to -the Chief Secretary the other day have undertaken a responsi bility which their actions are expected to justify. Tho Government grant is as good as if it were already placed to the credit of the Hospital Committee in the local bank ; always providing that the requisite one-third is, to use an appropriate Americanism, " scared up" in the district. The deputation talked of raising L1000. Let them, : having tho Government in such good humour, think the matter over again, j and make the sum L2000. There' would then, -with the L4000 subsidy, I be established a hospital which need i do no discredit to an older goldfield than that which, for lack of a hotter ' name, wo still call Wood's Point. 1 What we should recommend is that the laying of the foundation-stone of a ' Gipps Land Gold Mines Hospital bo i delayed as little as possible. The in- j stitution, independently of the promised | Government grant, and local subscrip- ! tions elicited on the instant, could not but flourish, seeing how many wealthy men, and charitable withal — resident miles away from the reefs, whence some are already reaping a harvest and others expect to — will esteem it a favour to he asked to contribute to so good a cause. Nor must it he forgotten that Gipps Land will "not be building for present requirements alone. There is no hospital within two hundred miles, and there is the fairest possible prospect of a vast goldfield -being opened up within a short period, ' of which Wood's Point may bo considered the centre. Let, therefore, the inhabit ants subscribe with no niggard hand, being assured that every pound they give will he returned literally fourfold into their bosom. At the preliminary Civil Service examination, licl-J lately nt the' University i«y candidates pl'IScfitSfl tlieraselv&i;, of which number, how ever, only 32 have passed. The successful com petitors l;ave to choose two subjects out of tho following list: — French, History, Geography, Latin, Euclid, Algebra, and Political Economy, — before they enn be said to he eligible for ti.e "tlrst division. " The examiners are Professor Henrn and Captain ICnye. The cxainiaation will be resumed on next Tuesday morning, at tea o'clock. The matches of the Victorinn Rifle Association were continued ycstcsdny. Tiie shooting in tho late matches showed a decided improvamcut ou th it of the previous day, and the metropolitans succeeded in recovering the ground thoy had lost. It is geueinlly supposed, however, that the Chnllengo Cup will pass into the hands either of the Bemligo or Cnstleinaine corps, hut the result of the firing in this particular in.-tancc will not be announced until to day. Tho meeting will bo brought to a close tin's afternoon with a cou- ouinli.ll S'n C epstnkos. The Governor will mo-t probably be present, and ns the Head Quarters J3r.nd will ploy on the ground in the course of tho nfrcraoon, a large attendance of the public is expected. In another column will be found the regula tions under which the parliamentary grant of L2000 for the promotion of new industries and manufactures will he expended. The considera tion of all claims for premiums or rewards will be referred to a board to be appointed by the Governor in Council. " On dit (says the Bondigo Evening News) that Mr Strickland will retire from the repre sentation of the Sandhurst Boroughs, and that lib Worship the Mayor is to contest the vacant sent. Tiiere is also a report to the effect that Mr Howard will also retire for a time from public life, ns tho lion, gentleman contemplates paying a visit to England." The business in the Law Courts, yesterday, was very uninteresting. In tho Old Court, Dodd v Clougli wa3 continued, and the exami nation of witnesses concluded. In tho New Court, the entire day was occupied in hearing an ejectment action, Thurlow v Maitin, which re sulted in a verdict for the plaintiff, The argu ments of counsel, in the Equity Court, were resumed in the case uf - Selwood v Burstall, and the reply for the plaintiff was postponed until Msndny. We observe that Mr II. C. E. Childers, for merly Commissioner of Customs in Victoria, lias succeeded to the sent at the Board of Admiralty, vacated by Mr Stansfield. How will this inter- fore witli the lion, gentleman's position as Agent- Gonernl fer Victoria ? The now Publicans License Bill is beginning to operate nlready. A deputation from tho brewers of Sandhurst, waited on the mayor there, nt the town hall, on Thursday, to request the borough council to bring before the Govern ment tho advisability of having the beer house license clause of the new bill brought into opera tion in this district, in accordance with the 9th clause o t the hill. The mayor informed the deputation that tho council had already taken action on the subject referred to by the deputa tion, and thnt they would do all in their power to forward the view3 of the deputation. : It is the intention of the Eaglehawk Council to apply to the Governor to proclaim tho Eagle- hawk Borough a district within which beer licenses may be issued. The County Court sittings for June were con tinued yesterday befire Judge Pohiman The only ease of any interest tried was that of John son v. Cli'sliolm. Tho dcienilant was a publican, and it appeared that some time since he was directed to return to Johnson Bomo property belonging to Lira lying nt bis hotel. Plaintiff, on going to the place for it, was seized by seme persons, assaulted, thrown into the Iiorse-trougli, and the Van Yean turned on him. He had sioco been suffering from an illness occasioned by this attack. The judge gave n verdict for the amount claimed, L19 10s, with L5 4s 2d costs. Tho Ueniliqnin correspondent of tho Riverine Herald writes : — " The season has been remark ably favourable for the growth of vegetables, and I, was shown some turnips grown on tbo township by Mr Berry jVliatlley, cqual in size aul appearance to any I have ever seen in tho old country ; indeed, wc have now every de scription of vegetables growing in the immediate neighbourhood, and doubtless, now that the people arc beginning to find out that the land is fit for something more than grazing sheep, wo shall hare a number of capitalists, and etc long ' agricultural, horticultural, and gardenera' so cieties will spring up around us, and in same measure compensate us for former disadvantages. A great many persons nre now every week nvniling themselves of the privileges of free selec tion of land in this neighbourhood nud on the bunks of tiie Murray. This will neoesfnrily compel the squatters to extend their operations further north, and in many instances, no doubt, to their disadvantage." A portion of the jewellery recently stolen from the house o( Mr Shcrard, was found yes terday by some boys in the shaft of the old Great Eastern Company, in Raglan street, Ballnnrat. ! A local bank is about to be established in Ballnnrat. It is to be styled tho Ballanrnt nud District Bank Company. The prospectus lias just been issued. The capital is set down at 1.200,000, to be obtained by issuing 20,000 I shares of T 10 each. I Mr Justice Molcsworth was engaged for several hours in chambers, yesterday, in taking evidence on a clnim by Messrs M'Ewan and Co, merchants, of Swnnston street,' to prove for L088 on the estate of John V. Brnd'ey, n store keeper nt Morso.'s Creek. The debt had been admitted by tiie Chief Commissioner, the oppos ing creditors having come before him too late. On appeal, Judge Molesworiii decided to reopen the question, and evidence was taken yesterday to show that Bradley was Indebted to the Messrs M'Ewan in tiie sum of LI400; that in Sep tember, I8C3, they signed a composition deed re leasing their claim on being pnid 8s in the pound, and that the LC3G for which they attempted to prove was part of this L1400. ' The deed, how ever, was impugned by the claimants on tiie ground of fraud. The evidence having been tendered, the arguments of counsel — Mr Billing and Sir G. Stephen, who appeared for the respective parties — were postponed till a future occasion. We are much gratified to announce that Mr Heaies has improved in health within the last two or throe days. A rich specimen cf quartz obtained from the : Crooked River, in Gipps Land, was brought to our oflieo last evening. We were informed that it was taken from a reef discovered by the ex ploring party under Air Angus M'Millan. This discovery only bears out the previous information j which has been received, ns to the richness of tho I reefs in that part of the country. t Tho cases nt the City Court yesterday were ! pretty numerous. The two men Hart'oy and | Atchison, concerned in an indecent assault upon i n woman in a car on the St. Hilda road on . Saturday night last, were further remanded f until Tuesday next. James Benson on a charge of forging and uttering a cheque lor LG83 in the name of Messrs Cullender and Co on iho London Chartered Bonk, was committed for trial. ! The general meeting of the Richmond Cricket Club will bo held at Bryant's hotel, on Monday ! evening at eight o'clock. The business being. prir cipally, the improvement of the ground, on d , to consider an offer, for the erection of a i pavilion, which has so long been a desideratum. | Thb Wangaratta correspondent of the Ovens and Murray Advertiser of the 7th inst draws attention to the following apparent case of hardship, suffered at the hands of the Board of Education. The writer sets forth the facts as follows ' "The teacher of the Roman Catholic school, Wangaratta, has been removed from office in consequence of the district inspector in October last, ever memorable for his endeavours to close twenty other schools in this district at that time, having reported to the Board of Edu- cation that the teacher had given him much insolence, and also had placed six children wrongfully on the roll. The Board, acting on the ipse dixit of the inspector, ordered hi- re moval nt once. The teacher, not willing to submit to such an Inquisitorial ukase, forwarded to the Board the written tes timony of the parents of the children, de claring that the latter did attend school ns marked on the roll in question, aud demanding a trial. The Board consented to lira ilemnnd, and referred the matter to the Lccnl. School Committee for investigation. The Committee unanimously declared the teacher innocent of the chargo of falsifying tlie. roll, and defended in a great measure his conduct from the charge of insolence on tho pica of his having received great provo- cation from the Inspector. The Board, how- ever, confirmed their former decision to remove ! f he tcncher, ns though tho more . word of nu | inspector, whether true or fulse, was to be ! believed in preference to tho combined testimony | of the Catholics, lay and clerical, of Wangaratta. The teacher thus becomes a sacrifice at the shrine of prejudice, and to an over stretch of a little brief authority. Mr M'Laclilnn, the Bendigo Police Magis trate, occasionally forgets himself on the bmcli by losing his temper. The following enso is quoted and commented on. by the local journal : — " In the discharge of those inspectorial duties which Sergeaut Druughtlulfllsso well, ho alights upon a vehicle with no one in charge of it, nnd in due course of things the owner appeared before Mr M'Laclilnn to answer for tho frightful enormity, and all tilings went smoothly enough till tiie mild fine of a shilling had been inflicted, when the too-inquiring mind of tho offender, oblivious of the dreaded presence in which he stood, requested to know whether the inspector hod n right to take away his dray. This put the fat iu the fire, aud the magistrate forthwith burst into a number of hysterical queries, which ended in doing an net of inj ustico. " You're n Scotch man. Ail, I thought so; you Scotchmen know too much of law (Mr M'Laclilnn is himself. n Scotchman) ; isf thnt fine recorded ?" nnd an answer being returned iu the negative, "Then make it a pound." Incensed and disgusted, as ho had every right to be, some muttering or something in tiie demeanor of the man — though it was so little demonstrative thnt no one seems to know much about it — exasperated the magis trate beyond endurance, and in a state of anger, that would have been amusing if It were riot very silly and indecorous, he calls out, " Make it- LSI" Afterwards the irate J.P. . relented, and reducod the fine to LI. A literary curiosity is announced to be raffled at Fisher's hotel,' Beecliworth ; being a volume of tho ' London Chronicle, or Universal Evening Post,' for n portion of the year 1700. The size is demy quorto, and the publication is 104 years old. The Melbourne, Geeiong, and Bneclius Marsh troops of the Volunteer' Light Horse will visit Ballnarat next Thursday and Friday, at the iavltation of tho Ballnnrat troop, to join it in field exorcise aud general drill. Arrangements are made for the reception of tho men at Craig's hotel, tho Ballaarat troop having also provided, at its own expense, for forage nnd stabling for tho horses at the horse bazaar attached to that establishment. It will be seen from an advertisement that the Rev James Ballnntyne will deliver his next monthly lecture in Erskino Church, Carlton, to morrow evening at half-past six o'clock. 'Sub ject: "Tho difficulties connected with the Doctrine of Election." The annual ploughing match of the Wahgun- ynh, etc, Agricultural Society, lias been appointed to take" place near the fmm of Mr Stephen Tuck on Thursday, the 30th inst. ' " It lias been ascertained," says the Bsndigo Advertiser, " thit Air Lee, the late clerk nt the Shamrock hotel, who suddenly dissppenred about ten days ago, took his departure from the colony in the Wellcsley, which sailed from the Heads on the 27th tiny, and that lie assumed the name of Wilson. His friend (it might bo premature to sny accomplice), Mr Putnam, from Castlcinoiae also departed by the siiine vessel, under the adopted name of Pitman. If the detectives had , been' earlier, authorised to follow them, there is . little doubt" they v/ouid have been dpprelicuded. ( Wo understand, however, that some of tiie per- sons In . Sandhurst who have betn victimised by Loo, Intend to head a subscription list very libe rally, for the purpoio of raising sufficient funds to send a detective officer after liirn by the next overland moil, who would resell England Iu anti cipation of the arrival of the ship in which lie sailed from Alolbourne." We', yesterday find nn opportunity of witness ing the msnuf icture of aerated broad by Leo's patent machinery. Afr T. H. Micrs, baker, of Brunswick street, has recently bad one of these machines erected on his promhes, nnd he in tends henceforth to supply bread ma- o by this process. The machine employed for the pur pose consists of a large cylinder fitted with a cast Iron pan, into which the flour is placed, soda water generated in the usual way is then forced through a small percolator it to the pan and tho whole it kneaded together by a revolv ing rod fitted with vertically shaped knives. In no instanco is the flour touched by hand. From the time of its being placed into the cylinder in a dry state to its t eing drawn off iu a thick fluid it is submitted only to the action of machinery. Tiie cylinder which is kept per fectly air tight is capnii'.c of holding two saeks of flour, which will turn out about 280 loaves of broad, and the whole process from the com mencement to the end, including baking-, only occupies about two hours. The advantages of aerated bread hnve bien felt in England, and in this country where the climate is much drier, the advantages arc increased. Wc have sccu and lasted some of the aerated bread and can confidently say that it is infinitely superior to auy made by hand in the usunl way by means of firmentntion. It is spongy nnd cake-like in appearance, and is particularly sweet and pleasant to the taste. Another quality whieh commends it is that it will keep for several days without becoming sour, while it still retains sufficient moisture to render it highly nu tritions. The machinery lias all been manu factured in tho colony by AIes9rs Langlands and Co., and Air D. Niven of 1 ictorii Parade. A deputation from the Tyldcn and Trentham, Lauriston, and Edgecombe Road Boards, and the Kynoton Borough, introduced by the lion W. F. II. Alitclicil, M.L.C. hon F. Robertson, Af.L.C., and Mr Tucker, U.L.A., had an Inter view with the Commissioner of Roads and Rail ways at his office, yesterday. It wasstated tlmt tho three bodies nnmed were desirous of forming themselves into a shire under the Local Govern ment Act, and they also wished to join with the parish of Baynton, situated on the east side of Kyneton, which had been annexed to Ilentheotc. It was sought to be shown that although the proclamation of annexation had been duly gazetted, that it was informal. After hearing tho arguments Afr Grant promised that a case should bo submitted to the Law Officers of the Crown, and their opinion should be made known through tho representatives. On Thursday about forty shareholders iu the All-England United Gold Alining Company, Bunker's Hill, Ballaarat, met at the claim for tiie purpose of celebrating the commencement of operations.in connection with the sinking of the new shaft. The Rsdan and tho AII-Englnnd Companies having amalgamated, the engine and plant of the former hare been removed to their present position, and rc-erectcd. Everything being in readiness, tho engine was started, when AIis3 if nil, daughter of tiie host of tho Bunker's Ilill Hotel, dashed a bottle of champagne against the fiy-wheel, naming tho engine tiie " Britannia." . This was immediately followed by three cheers for tiie future success of the All- England United Company. The company pre sent tucn sat down to an excellent luncheon, at the Brit'sh Queen Hotel, Bridge street, B iliaarat. Toasts followed. A meeting of the depositors in the Provident Institute was licid yesterday afternoon, in the liall of tho Alcchanics' Institute, for tho purpose of giving the assignees power to compromise all claims upon tho shareholders of the institute. ThB meeting wns numerously attended, hut shortly after the commencement of the proceed ings, our reporter was requested to withdraw, which lie accordingly did. A handsome recognition of past services was made on Thursday, to air Julm Palmer, who for somo years has been engaged in the wholesale department of Messrs Spiers and Pond's business —now Alaliam and King's. An emeu's egg- spilt longitudinally, surmounted by an elegant design in frosted -silver— t' e baso n fern tree in the same metal (St. Arnnud), all mounted very neatly, is the subject ot the presentation. Tho manufacturers are Messrs Walsh Brothers, of Collins street, and the wotk does tliem great credit. Air Palmer sails fjr England, iu the Noifulk, to-day. As an encouragement fir other districts who conteinplnto similar movements, we have much pleasure in. noticing the entire success which lias attended the establishment of tho " Emerald IIIll Penny Savings' Bank," During tiie fust nine weeks of its existence its receipts have amounted to L101 18s lOd, representing sums paid in by 513 depositors. The objects for which it was established were principally to pro vide a safe repository for those Small sums which servants and young people have opportunities of Saving out of their wages, but which from the absence of a convenient bank wliicli would receive smnll moneys, they :aro .often led to spend very unprofitabiy, and specially to induce among tbo young chi'drcu of the : district a habit of saving, A visit to the Council Chambers any Saturday evening between seven nnd nine p.m. will satisfy any visitor that the effort to pr-vide for such a wont is highly appreciated, as .the secretary and his assistants are kept busy in re ceiving the sums, largo aud small, from one penny upwards, which are pressed upon their attention bv a crowd of juvonilo depositors, who seem to think that it is no mean social dis tinction to be the holder of n depositor's pass book. Tho moneys received nre Iodecd in one of tho Arelliourne banks nt a moderate interest, and after deducting the actual expenses for stationery, etc,: it Is intended to allow the balance of interest to depositors, as an encourage ment for them to save their small sums. There are no paid officers, tho work of the bank being done by a secretary nud committee of twelve, and the moneys banked in the namcs'of three trustees , , "The Liberty of the Subject" is held rather lightly at Ballaarat, necording-to 'tho following statement iu the Star.: — "A young .jockey named Harden, favourably known on the Ballaarat course as a steeplechase rider, was arrested on Thursday evening, on' a chargo of stealing n saddle, but shortly after lie was taken into custody it wns ascertained thnt lie had not stolon tho saddio at all, but that it was loft in his care in tho morning at the Blowliard Hotel, to deliver at Alossrs Cutter nnd Laidlaw's livery stables in-Sturt street. Ho. came into Ballaarat by tljo afternoon coacli from Dowling Forest, and tho driver on bis arrival iu-town immediately gave information to tbo Police, suspecting that the boy had stolen the saddle. Acting upon this information, Detective Hudson, arrested the boy in a concert room in town, bnt the latter con scious of his innocence, 1 squared up' to the officer, nnd it was only with considerable diffi culty that lie could be scoured. When in the lock-up be related the manner in which tho saddle had eomo into his possession, and ns his statement turned out to be correct lie was im mediately afterwards released on bail." On Thursday, a storekeeper, iu Sandhurst, brought a small parcel of gold, weighing loz 74dwts., to Ah Sclilonnn, of Pull AMI, for 'the purpose of sale. Tho gold, which was a splendid sample in appearance, was fou.td on being tested to Im nearly all spurious ; tiie total value of the real metal being only 30s. The victim had bought the gold In good faith, from a storekeeper, of his acquaintance iu ouo of the out-guljies" and on making subsequent inquiries it was ascertained that the latter bad been victimise in the first instance by a Ciiinnman. A miner named James Nixon, wns found dcail in bed at a very' early hour on Tliursday . morn ing, In his own house, off. Humffruy street ' Ballaarat East. » . The deceased, ywlioi-yms aged about forty-four years, was a native of Tullngh i couaty Clare, and for tea years a resident in the colony, bad about four months ago been a patient both within and without the Ballaarat District Hospital,, and was treated for chronic inflammation of the stomach. A post mortem examination showed tiie cause of death to have lieen acute peritonitis, supervening upon chronic gastritis. Iu the District Court, yestcrdny, a nightman named William Lang wns fined L5, with 10s Gd costs, for a breach of the Corporation byo-laws, in taking to tho manure depot several loads of manure, and depositing them on representing tliat thoy came from the city, when iu fact they did not. By the Wonga Wongs, which arrived in tho Bay at a late hour last night, wo have our files from Sydney to the 8th lnsl, and from Auckland to the 1st inst. Tito Ranzau Co., on tlio Devonshire Reef, Sandhurst, had a fine cake of 132oz. lOdwt. last week, giving a dividend of L20 per share after all expenses wore paid. Similar yieids have been obtniuod for the last four mouths. The average is upwards of an ounco to tiie ton, but within the last few days the company hnve got from twenty tons of qunrtz a cake, unretorted as yet, of forty ounces. Coots and Hamilton's claim, on tho Star Reef, Sandhurst, is yielding splendidly, nn average of forty ounces per week being the produco of tho mine, which, deducting expenses, leaves L100 to be divl led between tho partners. Though the Botanic Gardens nro rather bare of flowers, nt this season of the year, they con- iain, nevertheless, several very pretty plants in full bloom just now, which are well worthy to bo inspected. We have thus for instance, a very handsome sltrub, from New South Wales, tho cpacris grandiflora, growing near the Aviary foot bridge ; a number of elegant little oxalis, nnd other kinds of bulbous flowers from South Africn, in the rear of the Pnlmhouso, whilst several other interesting plants nre blooming in various parts of tho garden. Tho Palmhousc is, as usun!, adorned by a number of potplants in full flower. The damage done by the late floods lias been pnrlly repaired, advantage having been taken of the iurgc quantities of sand and soil which were deposited by it nenr the footbridge, to raise the walks leading to it, so as to bring them above the level of nny ordinary flood in the Yarra. The edgings round the Various borders which annually suffer so much, principally by many of tho visitors using them as footpaths, are being renewed, and in some instances replaced by dwarf rose, box, etc., etc. ; and a number of valuable plants, raised from seeds during the past year, which arc partly new to tho gardens, arc being planted out. At the lialf-yearly meeting of the Clunos Gas Company, held at tho Bull and Mouth hotel on Tuesday evening, it appeared thnt the profits during tiie lost eight mouths amounted to L402 Gs, of which L200 had been devoted towards the reduction of the L231 17s 4d previously due to the bank, and the remaining L292 Ss was ex pended in the purchnsc;of requisite stock. Tiie football match, Natives v Tim World, to be played on tbo Alolbourne ground this after noon, is creating a good deal of interest, nnd from :!ie list of plnyers chosen, we expect to see some superior play. The Natives have the ad vantage on paper, hut ns their opponents muster some old nnd well tried nnmes, the struggle will doubtless be severe. The kick off is at two p.m., nnd scats .will bo provided as usual for the ladies. ' Spectators are requested to keep outside the (lags. : At the weekly meeting ,of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants! Aid Society, held on Friday, "the Superintendent made the follow ing return : — Number of inmates in the Home as reported last week, 030 ; admitted since, 71 j persons who have received. out-door relief, 100 ; total relieved, W ; discharged from the Home during -the-week, 03 ; total at- present remain ing, 033; consisting of children chargeable to the Gsvcrn'ment 453 ; cases chargeable to the Society, 185. A subscription of LI from Air T. Arucphers'on has been received per Air Goff. An entertaining lecture was delivered in tiie Odd Fellows' Hull, at ffilliatuitown, ou Tliurs day evening, by the Rev S. Annoar, tbo subject being " The Liquor Truffle and the Legislature of Groat Brit du." Captain Perry occupied tiie chair, and the hall was crowded to excess. My Anncarwas listened to with deep attention ; and at the conclusion a vote of tliauks wns accorded to him in a resolution moved by Captain Dalgarno. — - Tho Star states it as probable that L100 will be cleared by tho late soiree in aid of the funds of St., Patrick's Church in Church street, Bal laarat, Wo have been requested hv the committee to intimate that the following additions to the sub scription list for building St. Philip's Church, on Collingwjod Flat, 'have recently been made : . — Ah Bcnglqy, LI ; Ilis Honour Judge Poiil- mnn, LI 10s ; collected by Aha C. Cook, 7s Gd ; Mr Prlelinrd (3rd sub.) 5s ; Miss O., 10s; Air P. Johntou, Richmond, LI ; Miss Alortley (2nd sub.) LI ; \Y. Ar. (2nd sub.) 10s; proceeds oi concert in Afay, LIS Os 8d ; collected by Airs Ford —Air Beard, LI ; smnll sums, Gs ; Air W Robinson (2nd sub.) LI Is ; AIis3 Lewis, Fitzroy, LI ; Air Saddler, LI ; " Stephen's Penny," is al- o acknowledged with thanks. At the CI tines Police Courton Tuesday, Ewnn AI'Donald wns brought up, charged with having assaulted Frederick Grundcmann, with intent to do li'm grievous b jdily harm. A medical certi ficate having been produced, showing Grunde- mann's l:fe was in danger, the prisoner was re manded for seven days. A man named James Aldcrton was arrested at Ballaarat on Tliursday evening, by Detective Hudson, on a elinrgo of cattle stenling. We are requested to state that the Rev Win. Taylor, of California, will advocate the claims of the Alelbourno Hospital en Sunday evening next, the 12th instant, nt Brunswick street Wes- leyan Church ; service will commence at half- past six o'clock. After the sermon, a collection will be made in aid of the funds of this valuable institution.. The farmers around Cnrngiiam have most of their crop? in. Those above ground are looking remarkably healthy, and tlio iate frosts do not seem ;to have affected thorn. ! On MoDday, Air A., Porteus (of Cnrngiiam), local corresponding ' secretary of tiie Central Board for tiie Protection of the Aborigines, gave out cheeked horse-rugs nnd blnnkcts to the Mount Emu , tribe of nborigiues, numbering twenty-four in all, of both sexes: Afost of the recipieuts mntlo specehes in English of a thankful character, nnd every ono seemed well pleased. In honour of the gift, " King Billy " lias sub mitted the liberal idea of en .crtiiiniag Afr Por- teous : and his numerous friends to a " corro- boree" on the approach of tiie next full moon. Air. James Blackmore AI'QuD teen appointed auditor of the.. Savings 'Bank, Bal laarat, ' : .. . . ' . ... 4- inectlng.of the BaiiaaratTurf Club wns held on Thursday evening, at Craig's Royal hotel, Afr \Y able in the chnir. The terms of the Derby to bo run on tbo Ballaarat Course in the year I80G, were agreed upon , they, arc similar to those of the Derby of 18G5. It wns then determined to hold n meeting next ' week, to arrange the principal races to be run for at the ensuing spring mooting in December. The fortnightly lecture to the inmates of tlio Benevolent Asylum, was delivered by Dr Erabiing, on Thursday evening Inst. Air Thos. Dickson, one of the committee of management, iu the chair. The subject chosen .was, " Stories of tlio now old world ;, or,- tlio adventures of a sailor iu the fifteenth century." ; The chairman in 'conveying the thanks of the meeting to Dr Einbilng, for ids short and amusing story, inti mated that Air Edwards, AKL.A., liad'kindJy agreed to givo the next lecture on tho 23rd .current.' ! . _ ' Tho We concert, by the Ballaarat Harmonic 'Society in nhl.of tho building fund of St, Paul's Church realise:! 1 tlio' hqudsomc profit of L41 15s Gd. 