Foil a while tho Schleswi-TIolstein quarrel almost absorbed public atten tion, but the American war has again taken its legitimate position as the great event 01 tno ago. ay tlie last mail we were given to understand that the long- impending battlo between Generals 6 ha nt and Lee would determine the war — that the South would either ho subjugated and forced to return to the Union, or would he recognised as an < independent power. Tlie great battle has taken place, and tho war appears ns far from being finished as ever. In tho records of history a moro pro tracted or more sanguinary conflict is not to he found. It is quite without parallel that two armies, of in the first instance 100,000 men each, should for seven long days engage in hand to baud fighting. Tho musket and the bayonet took the place of cannon. So eager were both sides for slaughter that shell and shot were abandoned, and men in misses rushed upon one another after tho fashion of savages. Two days of fighting had elapsed on the 6th and Glh of May, when General Lee deemed it prudent to retire to a better position, from which the battle was renewed with even greater ferocity than before. On tho 10th and 12th, when the carnago was at its height, all the reserves of both armies were brought up, and yet with no decisive result, for General Lee on the 13tli withdrew in good order across the river Po, to a commanding position, whence be again defied tlie enemy. The s'nughter on both sides is something frightful to contemplate, tliero having been killed, wounded and made prisoners, 77,000 men, a far greater number than most of tho battles of Europe have been won with. These figures may be accepted as approximatively correct, for in tho same proportion that tho Federals have underrated their loss, thev mav have over-estimated that of tho enemy. Eleven days later, although there had been no cessation of hostilities, matters were as undecided as ever. Grant it seems bad been reinforced — it is presumable that the Wellington of the South ltacLalso received assistance, and another grand battle was on the tapis. In- other quarters on land, victory — though on a comparatively small scale — appears to have attended the Federal arms ; although at sea, ns has been almost invariably tlie caso throughout the war, they have suffered reveries. . The seizure of six largo Bteamers fully munitioned and filled with supplies, must have caused great rejoicings in the Confederate camp, where hard fare and scanty raiment have held too long reign. There is no change of an active character in the policy of the British Government towards tho Confederate States, although the gross unfairness so long manifested towards them — the neutrality which was all on one side — no longer exists, snvo perhaps in a greatly mitigated form. The almost unanimous remonstrances and invec tives of the superior English journals have compelled Earl Russell, however strong may bo his predilections for \- the Federal cause, to commit at least no overt act of injustice. At tho same time, '.as long ns this most vacillating of statesmen maintains liis position in the Government of the country, tlioso who are fighting fur independence in its very cradle, Yirginin, need not to look to England fur substantial sym pathy. Nor does the Emperor of the French appear disposed to interfere, or to trouble himself about American afinirs, beyond the occupation of Mexico. \Vhatever may be tho result of this internecine conflict in America this much is certain, that even if they should for the time be, by superior force, compelled to succumb, the Southern States will be, until their in dependence is secured for ever, n ihorn in tho side of the Union. Poor, brave, sturdy Denmark is closely confined within the narrow confines of the island of Zetland. With Sclileswig and Uolstein irone, with its troops beaten by overwhelming force out of one stronghold niter another, and with Jutland occupied by the allied troops, tho Kingdom of Denmark is in sore necessity. And yet tho gallant spirit of the Norsemen still upholds the nation. The King's hands are strengthened by tho unanimity of his people, and tho hopes of friendly inter ference. It is not unlikely that the armistice of one month agreed to by the Dano-Germanic Conference, held in London, will ho renewed. That wary politician, Lord Palmetiston, is stated to have strong Danish leanings, and to he desirous of sending a British fleet into the Baltic. Moreover, rumour has it that if overruled he will resign, or recommend lior Majesty to dissolve Parliament. This latter measure we should think tho noble lord need not resort to, seeing liow strongly in favour of the Danes are the majority of the House of Commons. If sincere in his desire to help tho oppressed, the Pre mier must havo been deeply gratified by the loud and long continued cheer ing which greeted tlie announcement in tho House that the Danish fleet had gained a victory over tho Austrian, ofi" Ileligoland. That Denmark will lose South Scbleswig and the whole of Hoi- stein, under the mast favourable cir cumstances, there seems to be no rea son to doubt. If) however, the nego tiations now pending should terminate less satisfactorily, the Palmerston Government must interfere, on behalf of England, if they hope to retain their seats. The feeling throughout the country has grown so strong in favour of the Danes, and becomes so unequivocally hostile to tho peace-nt-any- prico policy of tho Ministry, that tliej- will bo compelled to go with tho tide. By their feeble ness of purpose, by their pusillanimous temporising, by their constantly hold- ing a sham balance between contend ing powers, tho Palmerston Govern ment have not on' forfeited the good esteem of tho nation which their skilful policy had won for them, but hnve nlso incurred tho detestation of both sides in the two great quarrels which arc shaking respectively Europe and America. Tho bitterness of the New York press is only equalled by tho scorn of the Confederates. The Danes sorrowfully mourn over the ilecndenco of British valour, while in Prussia and Austria England is loudly accused of " egotism, arrogance, brutal haughtiness, and complicity with the enemies of Germany." Mak ing every allowance for irritation and strong passion, language sucli as has been uttered against; Grent Britnin in botb hemispheres is proof sufficient of the degeneracy of her statesmen and the rottenness of her loreign policy. Wo would fain hope that the Prussians have continued to violate the conditions of the armistice in Jutland. This would fire the train, and lead to an oxplosion which would mnke Germany tremble to her centre. Then would no consideration for the feeling3 of that branch of tho Royal family whose interests are closely bound up with Prussia, prevent England from rising in her might, and sweeping the seas of the enemies of Denmark, while armies proved that the prowess Jie veterans of the Peninsula and of tho modern heroes of the Crimea and of India, had been a cherished heritage which no redcoat would over disgrace. This wretched New Zealand bush-fighting would be brought to nn I abrupt close, and a nobler field of enter prise than being tomahawked by savages, ho opened to our gallant soldiery. Independently of any such opening for British valour, it seems probable that the war in Auckland will bo brought to a 6peedy termination. Tho opinion ot the Home Government is unmis- tnkeably against its continuance, and Mr. Cardwell, the Duko of New castle's successor, has given notice of a measure which will abrogate the powers conferred by the Confiscation Acts in force in New Zealand. Of domestic nows the most cheering is that the cotton famine mnv be snid to be almost at an end. The news of the arrival of L0, 000, 000 worth of cotton ia tho Mersey within a week would bo spread with lightning speed throughout distressed Lancashire; many n haggard fuce would lighten up nt the glad tidings, and the great heart of a much-enduring and manly people would leap with joy. We regret that, nlthough the Queen continues in good bodily health, her rnentnl condition is not such as will enable her to undergo the fatigues of public life." The secret con clave. of tlio Cardinals seems to por tend n new Pope ; but so frequently has the present occupant of tho chair of St. Peter threatened to die that we should not be the least surprised if ho were again to disappoint the Sacred College. The opening of telegraphic communication between London and Siberia, a distance of 4030 miles, makes ns hopeful that the day is not far distant when we at the Antipodes may know what occurred twenty-four hours before at the other end of the world. Tlio R.AI.S. Madras was telegraphed as being off Capo Otway at half-past ten last night. She mny, therefore, be expected to arrive In Ilobson's Bay early tins morning. According to the Star, Mr G. E. Gnskcll has decided upon coming forward as a candidate for the representation of Ballaarat East. Repecting the Rodney election, one of tho local journals anticipates that Air At'Grcgi-r will have a walk over. It hints mysteriously of a ru moured opposition, hut believes that nothing will come of it, as the I SO deposit would he au ob stacle not lightly to lie overcome. Prom the Hamilton Spectator, the following paragraph relating to electioneering matters is extracted " Wo are given to understand that' Mr Wrixon, a sou of tho lata Judge Wrixnn, a young man who has recently commenced the practice of the profession of a barrister, in Mel bourne, has fully determined to start for Dundas and Foliett nt the forthcoming general election. He has not been long out from the clJ country, where, we believe, lie distinguished ldmscif in a very exceptional manner by bis ability and liia eloquence. He hails from the Bister isie, and was. wc believe, educated at the Dublin Univer sity. Wo know nothing of tho principles ho profctscs, but there is no doubt ho will be sup ported in some very influential quarters. It is now some time ngo that a requisition was pre sented to Mr I'airbairn to stand, and we think t Imt gentleman should nt once make up his mind. He has, especially in the Gleneig coun- trv, several very earnest friends who nre anxious to know what course lie intends taking. Wc understand lie is nvcrso to going through tho proc'bs of a contested election. If so, there is little chance for him, for not this, or Iinrdly any other constituency, will po uncontested in tho coining struggle. Mr J. A. Al'Pherson is spoken ol with confidence, and has some enrnest fiieods in tho town, and would probably find some up lite count y. As the time draws near, a large amount of public interest is being felt in tbc matter." Tlie Speaker notifies, in tbc Government Gazette, tho rccc'pt by him of the return to tho writ issued for tho election of a member for the East Bourkc Boroughs, and that Air E. Cope was duly elected. Mr Orr, M.L.A., met a portion' of his Murray constituents at Huthcrglen on the eveuing of the 8th, and addressed them in explanation of his Parliamentary career. He announced himsolf n candidate for rc-clcction, and made tlio fol- loninp remarks, reported In the AInrrny Gazette, upon tho Land Question: — " Tliero were two courses which might be adopted. First tho administration of tlie Duffy Act under such rcs- tri lions ns would check speculation and laud jobbery; second, a return to auction. For tlie sake of a peaceful solution of the difficulty he would be prepared to support cither plan. He would far prefer to see the Duffy Act amend id and honestly administered, but if tlie Council would net consent to this lie would aequiese in a return to auction Hut then this must be auction pure and siinplo. If tlie agricultural lands were disposed of by miction the pastoral lands would liave to be treated in the same manner. It might be said that if the Council were refractory In the one case they would certainly he so in tlie other, and of course it could not he denied that this was exactly the posiiion. Tlie Council in reality wanted all the advantages secured to the squat ters by tlie Duffy Act, whilst they would lake none of tlie drawbacks, and they wanted all tlie benefits to lie derived from disposing of the agricultural lands by auction, whilst they held fast to the rights of their stntions, secured to tlicm by tlio net which they refuse to nmeud, and which they will not allow to he administered without violating ils provisions. It would re main for tlie new Parliament to find some way out of tlie dilemma." A vote of thanks for his services in Parliament was passed to Mr Orr, and the meeting pledged tiiemscivca to uie every effort to ensure his re- election. Alorgan continues the hero of the day in the border districts. In the Aibury Banner wc find tlio following gossip having reference to that ruffian : — " Fortunately, we have not another murder to record tin's week by the hand of this lawless ruffian ; bat, on the contrary, wc have to give contradiction to two statements floating about as to his supposed depredations. It is re ported that lie has paid a second visit to Round Iliii, and warned the superintendent to clear out in a certain number of days ; but from inquiry we believe this to lie incorrect, nnd only refer to it to giro a denial to the rumour. A ridiculous rumour also got abroad, about Morgan having on Monday stuck up Garry's public-house, and that while at dinner, with a revolver by tho sido of hh plate, Garry had thrown a blanket over Aroigan's in ad and nearly choked him. As, however, wc hnve seen some one who was at Garry's on Wednesday, nnd who know nothing about it, of course we need any no moro than this renort is also unfounded. There is betting in Aibury that Morgnn will be shot or in gaol before the 1st i f August. The Grand Junction Gold Alining Company, Springdallah, declared a dividend of 1.3 per share on Saturday last. There is every appear ance row of tlio gutter which was sloping towa-ds the Nonpareil traversing tho wholo length of this Company's claim. If this should turn out to be the case the Grand Junction will prove one of the moat successful mining companies in that district. Wo hnve heard with sincere regret that the Right Rev. Dr. Gcoghegan, Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, who was for very many years con nected with tin high offices of that church in this colony, died nt Kingston, near Dublin, in the course of the month of May. Wc await the arrival of tlie mail for particulars of his Lordship's decease. A meeling of (he committee of liic Victoria Poultry Society was held at the Royal Oak hotel, last night, Mr Huckerby in the chnir, for the purpose of electing judges and making fur ther nrrnngcmcnts in connection with tlio ap proaching annual show. The appointments, however, will not ho announced until tlie exhi bition day. A return Is published in last night's Gazette showing the number and relationship of the nominees sent for from tlie United Kingdom under tlie immigration regulations during tlie year ending 25th June, 18G4. It appears from tlii i that C812 persons were sent for, of whom 2808 wcro males and 3904 females ; 2017 were from England and Wales, 735 from Scotland, and 40G0 from Ireland. Mr James Simmond', late lessee anil manager of the Hayinarkct Theatre, lias left for Sydney, to undertake tho management of the Prince of Wales Tliealre in that city. Tlie favourite comedian, Air J. Jcfierson, has set out for Ade- loido on a professional visit. The Criminal Sessions for J uly will commence on Friday next, before Air Justice Williams. Air Ireland, Q.C. and Mr As;, mall tire retained for tlie defence of Harrison, who is charged witli the murder of James Marsh, at tlio Roads and Bridges Office. As these gentlemen nro en gaged in several cases in the Circuit Court, the Crown have consented that Harrison's trial shall take place on the first day of tlie sittings. Dr Seweil, Mr Dawson, Air Aspinall, and Mr Spcnslcy, will dcrend the four men committed for attempting to rob the English, Scottish, and Australian Cliartcrcd Bank in Colliugwood. A gang of Cliinamon who have lately been committing a ferics of depredations in various parts of tho city, entered tlio premises of Mr Solomon, furniture dealer, at the corner of Swanston street and Lonsdale street, on Sunday night Inst, and succeeded in carrying off 80 pairs of blankets and sundry other articles. In formation having been given to the police, De tective Williams, with a Chinese detoc ive, went yesterday morning to n house in a right-of-way off Little Bourkc street, and there succeeded in arresting three Chinamen. A dray, which was standing in front of the liouac at the time of the officers' visit, was searched, nnd n portion of the stolen property was found slowed away. After some resistance the prisoners were safely lodged in custody. The Ballaarat Post gives the fallowing glow ing account of tlie progress of local cntcrpriso : — " Locomotives aro built for New Zealand one month, nnd stenm-enqinos nre forwarded to Sydney (luring the next. Now n company has been formed to navigate the river Alurray with steamers, and ten gentle men have embarked their capital ia the enterprise. Already one steamer lias boon con tracted for. She is to he seventy-fivo tons register ; seventy-three feet keel ; fourteen feet beam ; depth of hold, four fyet six inches ; and provided with a hurricane hou'o six feet in height. According to the contract with tho builders, who reside nt Glmeig, she ii to lie ready for launching within throe mouths from the pr.'scnt tune. Tho capita' of tho company ntvprcsent ia fixed nt L250), but additional cajiitnl is to he raised in the event of oth:r steam; rs being found necessary. Air W. Hcid, iato of the Afonto Chrieto nnd New Speedwell Quartz Mining Companies, is one of the prin cipal movers in the enterprise." During the month of June, 3304 persons ar rived In, nnd 1258 departed from the colony by sea, showing a balance in favour of Immigration of 2310 persons ; of tho former, 2479 were adult mnies, 774 adult females, 189 male, and 152 female children ; 220 mnies and 01 females, arrived from New South Wales nnd Queensland ; 132 males nnd 43 females, from Srnth nnd Western Australia; 1 79 males, 7.9 females, from Tasmania; 1015 males, 85 females, from New Zealand nnd South Srns; 817 males, G55 funnies, from tlio United KIngdem; 309 males, 3 fern les, font foreign parts. Of the departures, 830 wcrenduit males, 237 adult females. Ill male and 74 female children; .375 males, and 101 females, sailed far New South Wales nnd Queensland; 129 mshs, 33 females, for South and Western Australia; 27 mnhs, 10 females, for Tasmania ; 205 males, 92 females, for New Zealand and South Seas j 185 in ales, 58 females, for the United Kingdom ;2G males, 8 females, for foreign ports. The following extraordinary statement, which we sincerely trust mny he susceptiblo of refuta tion, occurs in the letter of tho Melbourne correspondent of the Ballaarat Star : — " A matter much talked of to-day (says our Arel- bournc correapandent) is the elopement of n Roman Catholic Priest, of the Geelong district, with a young lady, a minor, and their subsequent marriage at the Protestant Cathedral of St. James, Melbourne." The annual meeting of the Afc'bourne Rowing Club was hold yesterday afternoon nt Alarskoll's hotel, Swanston street, to receive the annual report nnd balance-sheet, nnd to elect office bearers; Air Fredk. Wilkinson occupied tlie chair. Ho nongratulatrd tlie members of tlio club upon their numerical nnd financial position. Tlie report and balance-sheet, which were read liy tho secretary, Air AI. Byrne, set forili that, during the past year, sixty subscription nnd twenty-fivo entrance fees had been received. Tlie financial position of the club was in every way satisfactory. At tlie commencement of the year tliero existed a tit licit of LI 18s and a debt of L54, which was iocurrcd in tlio purchase of 1 to nts, etc ; both amounts had been cleared off. The income for tlio year was stated to be L153 12s Gd, and tlie expenditure L137 0s 9d ; of the latter sum L55 IBs Gd was paid on nccount of the years 1862 and 180-3. Tlie property of tlie club was estima'ed to be L174, which included a cash balance of L1G lis 9d. The following gentlemen were elected office-bearers for the ensuing year, and the proceedings terminated : — President, Ah Fredk. Wilkinson; treasurer, Mr Arorrnh; Cnptnin, Air H. A. Willinms; sccretnry, Mr AI. Byrne; committee, Messrs Tyler, Cliomicy, T. A' Beckett, 1 lay ward, II. E. Watts, and R. W. Wardill. Tho half-yearly meeting of tho East Mel bourne Artillery, was held yesterday evening in the orderly room, Albert street. Captain Raven pros'ded, nnd read the auditors report relating to the flnnncial condition of tlie company, by which it appeared that the balance in lianl on the 30th June was L21 14a 100. The auditors, however, objected to nn item of 1,7? 4s paid to Captain Stokes on account of tho debt duo by the late Richmond battery en their orderly room ; this amount should be considered as a loan simply, and repayment ought to be demanded. Tlie Chairman explained that tho sum had been handed to Captain Stokes, on tlie recommenda tion (lie might almost say tlie dictation) of Colonel Anderson, who said that it ought to be deducted from the amount pnyablc to tho corps on behalf of those members of the Richmond corps who lin i joined the East Aletbournc and become effectives. Ho would endenvour, how ever, if the orderly room were sold, to obtain tlie rctu-n of tlie whole or a portion of tlie sum. Tills explanation was, after some disensaion accept d, nnd the veto passed. Another item of which the auditors complained, was L5 lis 0d charged for a testimonial to Drill instructor Bonnar, Into of the Colltngwood Company. Captain Haven stated that tlie mamVinra nf Hint nnpnfl linJ Mlhaprihrrl tothft tflRtl- moninl, hut several had cither loft tlie colony, or had not paid what they had promised. The re port was then adopted, nnd a committee eloc cd for the ensuing six months. The Captain con gratulated the corps on its satisfactory position, financial and otherwise, for certain matters which had soinc lime ngo threatened toproduco dissen sion, were now amicably an anged ; lie estimated that there would be 120 effectives at the end of tho year, for each of whom L4 10s would be re ceived from the Government, and the greater portion of this would be appropriated as prizes for shooting, ctc. After transacting some further uuimportnnt business, the meeting separated. The Rev. W. Henderson, of Ballaarat, delivered a lecture on "Stonewall Jackson," in tho now drill room at Williamstown, last evening, in aid of the building funds. Tho Hon. G. F. Verdon occupied the chair, and Colonel Ander son, with the Volunteer staff officers, were also present, together with a largo number of Alel- bourne visitors. The room was crowded, there being upwards of 500 prrsons in attendance. The excellent lecture was listened to throughout with tho greatest attention, and at the close a cordial vote of thanks wns accorded to the Rev. lecturer on the motion of Capt. Stewart. The Star states that the committee appointed at tho late meeting of Uic memorialists for the ro-appoinlment of Alnjor Wallace has prepared a peiition for transmission to his Excellency the Governor, praying for a properly qualified court of inquiry into the whole proceedings connected with the tender and acceptance of tlie AInjor's resignation. The vacant registrarship of Collingwood, for which so many applications hnve I) -en made, has been at last filled up. Air Alorlimer, of Rich mond, has been tlie successful candidate. Another coso under the Scab Act was brought before tho Bench at tlie District Ourt yesterday, Pliillin Donahue being summoned bv James Riley, the inspector, for unlawfully owning and driving 209 sheep. The complainant stnted that he visited tlio Cattle-yards nt Newmarket, on the 4th instant, and examined a number of sheep. He discovered 201 in all, which were suffering from disease, The pens in which they wore yarded were adjoining those in which healthy sheep were kept, and there was nothing to pre vent contact. Tlie sheep in question hnd just been drafted. He examined them with the naked eye and with a glass, and found them just breaking with scab. Tlicy had been recently dipped. Soma of them were branded with a diamond on tho rump and ribs, but not very dis tinetly. - He could not say of ids own knowledge whose sheep they were. Ho had been told by the defendant's wife that her husband's brand wns a diamond. He gave them in charge to John Brown. He was cross-examined at some length by Air A. Read ns to the nature of the disease, but he was positive that it was the scab. John Andrew Shcppard, salesman to Alcssrs Kayo and Butehart, said that lie sold a numher of sheep at the yards on the 4th instant, and also tlio 200 seized by tlie inspector. It was the custom of Id) firm to learn for whom they were scl.ing, hut he did not do so on that occasion, lie eonhl not say whose they were, or fiom whom he took delivery of them. He did nut even know their brands. John Brown said that lie received tlio sheep from Mr Riley, nnd drove tlicm to a station on the Wcrribec. There wns no one to take delivery from him, nnd lie left tlicm there. He did not krow whoso brand was on them, or fo whom they belonged. The case was dismissed with a guinea costs. AVc extract the following from last night's Ballaarat Pest : — " An application of a novel and interesting character was made to tha Water Commission last night by Air William Knight Vail, of Bridge strict. Air Vnli applies for a piece of ground within the boundaries of Lake IVendouree, upon which he purposes to carry out a novel idea, ' which lie ha9 been some years in maturing.' We me, of course, unable to state tho particulars nf the plan, hut Sir Vail has informed its that ; it will con sist of 'one of the wonders of : the world,' exhibited with the, aid ef a . kind . of marina garden. In conjunction with this, Air Vail propones to erect swimming baths, with | ornamental rustic drcsriog boxes, nnd to estab lish a line of cars ta ply eTcry quarter of an ' hour between his garden and the town. Mr Voll is well known as the inventor of a patent wreck- | escape,' which he presented some time ago to the English and French Government). That idea ' wns exceedingly well received by thoso who ! should bo the bestjudges, and we hope hi) pre sent idea wlil be equally successful." | Mr Justice Aloleewortli wns a defendant in the County Court yesterday, in nn action brought against him by n muic seller named Paling. The plaintiff claimed L18 7s Gd for the litre of a piano and music supplied to Airs j Alolcsworth. The only witness called on his behalf, however, admitted that at the time the alleged debt was contracted, he knew that Airs Moleswerth was living sepnrate from iter hus band ; tbat he saw in tha newspapers that a suit i was pending against her, and that she had been allowed alimony. Until that morning lie thought it was Airs Alolcsworth who was hcing sued, and wns not aware that it was Air Alolcs worth. Judge Pohiman under these circum stances non-suited the plaintiff with costs, remarking that tho action should never havo been brought. Air E. AI'Dounoll appeared for tlie plaintiff; and Air Biuiion, instructed by Air Al'Kenn. for the defendant. Neither tlie Geelong Advertiser ncr tlie Ben- digo Advertiser reached us yesterday. IVe pre sume that our contemporaries, in their anxiety to publish tlie Adelaide telegram containing the English news, missed the mail. At last the shopkeepers in the city have some prospect of being relieved frrm tlie persecution they have so long suffered at the hands of the police for displaying goods outside their places o' business. Air Berry, ALL. A., has represented the matter to the Chief Secretary in such a strong light that the head of the Government has promised to forward instructions to the police authorities that shopkeepers displaying their wires outside their doors are not to ho interfered with, unless by bo doing they actually obstruct the thoroughfare. This wilt be felt as a great boon by an important body of citizens, while tlie concession is no more thnn common sense demnnded. It appears that the portion of the Braybrook farmers' common, announced ior sale by tlie Government, contains 75 acres of water frontage, and some of the residents in tho district, together with several members of tlie road hoard, waited upon the Assistant Commissioner of Lands and Survey, yesterday, to ask for the withdrawal of this block. The representations of the deputa tion were considered unanswerable, and Mr llodgkinson intimated that the request would be complied with. Two little boys of tender age were brought before the Enst Collingwood Court yesterday, charged with atcaling money from tho till of a public house. They entered tlie bar and call, d for two " nobblcrs," which were readily given to them. Not seeing an opportunity at that time to indulge their filching propensities, they left, hut shortly afterwaidi returned, and find ing no one in tlie bar, lie peel themselves from the till. They were sentenced to one week's imprisonment, nnd afterwards ordered to bo kept in a reformatory for a period of threo years. Wc were present yesterday nt the trial of a new pulverising nnd quartz crushing machine, patented by Air John Balfour, which took place at- Roberts's Vulcan Foundry, in A'Bcckctt street west. The machine, which is very simple in appearance and make, consists of nn iron- cased wheel, fitted inside with sharp knives or teoth placed in a horizontal position, so that when tlie wheel is turned by tlie aid of machi nery, so rapid are the evolutions that tiia quartz is reduced to n very fine powder, and carried off by means of a delivery pipe. Some specimens of quartz from Ballaarat were submitted to the action of the machine, and in the course of n few minutes came out in a perfect state of pulverisation. A small mill, sucli ns was tried yesterday, will, It Is ssid, cruli at the rate of o'ght hundredweight of cost is about L120. The mncl inc.), however, can be made to any size as mny bo required. All the stone to be used has to he broken to pieces before it can he placed in the mill, but if a greater quantity of quartz can he reduced within a given time by this procets, the extra labour will not be sucli a consideration. Tho patent is the pro perly of a home firm, of which Air Balfour is tlie agent. At the City Court, ycstcrdny, Francis AI'AIil- Ian wns committed for trial upon two charges, — stealing from n dwelling nnd forgery. lie had stolen a purse containing 10), and two depo sit receipts, the property of a fellow lodger, who had "planted" it between lusmattrns9 and the bedstead, and in order to induce a person to cash one of the notes had endorsed it witli the name of the real owner. John AI'AIillan, brought up on remand, charged with enrrying spirits upon which no duty had been paid, was fined L5, with tlie alternative of three months' imprisonment. At the quarterly meeting ef tlie Victoria Agricultural Society, held at Heidelberg, on Sa turday, Dr Alartin, of. Ileiiiolherg-house, and George Sherwin, Eq, of Whittlesea, were re elected representatives of the society at the Board of Agriculture. The committee of the Alelbourne Home fur nish the following report for the month ending 30th J une : — Registered — Governesses, 8 ; needlewomen, 7; servants, 172; total, 187. Engagements — Governesses, 1 ; servants, 111 ; total, 112. Inmates — Governesses, 8 ; needle women, 7; servants, 89; total, 54. Number in Home, Saturday, 25th J une, 34. The business in the Insolvent Court, yester day, was very uninteresting. In the cstnte of Cyrus Hewitt, upwnrds of two hours were occu pied in discussing legal points, nnd the ostensible object for which the meeting was summoned — nnmely, the examination of witnesses — was de feated nltoEcthcv. We saw, yesterday, a photographed vignette portrait of. his Excellency Sir Charles Darling, executed hy Messrs Johnstone, O'Shnmiessy," and. Co, which struck us ns a very beautiful specimen of the art. Tlio picture is in mezzo- tinto, finished in Indian ink, and as a like ness, as well ns au effort of the photographic nrt, is perfect. l'lie nnniversary of the Battle of the Boyne was celebrated hy a social gathering in the Protestant Ilaii, Stephen street, last night. About two hundred and fifty persons sat down to tea, about seven o'clock, in tlio Bpacious room up stairs, whilst those who cared for more sub stantial viands partook of a dinner in the lower halt. After this portion of the business had been disposed of, the choir wns occupied by the Provincial Grand Master of the Loyal Orange Institution, and addresses suitable to the occa sion :Wero delivered hy several of the brethren. About half- past nine the room was cloarcd for dancing, which was kept up with great spirit until niiduight, when tho company broke up evidently much pleased with the evening's enter tainment. Tlie Daylesf ird Arcrcury directs tlie attention of the Minister of Justice to a case of hardship, which it thus statrs : — "Sorao months ago a mnn named John Farrcll was arrested on a charge of stealing money from the person of a labouring man nt Dyer's Junction hotel, Glen- lynn. The prisoner was. broil;' lit before the Diylcsfurd Bench and committal (or trial. Tito prosecutor nnd witnesses wcro bound over, in the usual way, to appear at the Davieslord General Sessions. When the time arrived, two material witnesses were not forthcoming. Tlie prisoner wns Ihercforo remanded to the next Se.sions. Alennwliiio the police have been busily engaged in trying to secure tiio prosecutor and 11)0 witnesses. It is now said that the prosecutor (Charles Daley) has gone to Wood's Point; one material witness (Goatick) was last heard of in Melbourne, and another witness has only just been discovered, after very diiigeut nenvcli." Duringa'l thUtimethc prisoner— whether innocrut or guilty — remains in durance vile, and may remain so for mouth). II i) worthy of I special nolo that the prosecutor is noij est. . Tito case is one which should attract the attention of the Minister of Ju-ticc." Tho Williamstown iron foundry nnd plant was yesterday sold by public auction, to Messrs Stewart and Anderson, for tlie sum of LG10. It is understood thnt the purchasers intend carry ing on the business as heretofore. Tlie seventh annual soiree of the Richmond Young Men's Christian Association was held last cvetiinar, in the St. Stephen's schoolroom, nnd wns highly successful, about 250 persons sit ting down to tea. After tea tlie president of tlio society, Air Joseph Clark, took the chnir nnd delivered his annual address. Tha report, which was of n very satisfactory nature, was then read by the secretary, after whirh the meeting was addressed by the Revs T. C. Perks, Sunderland, and other gentlemen. The pro ceedings were enlivened hy a number of songs nnd several recitations, which were rendered in a very creditable manner. Sheridan Kuowlo's interesting plsy, "Tlio Wife," was performed last night at the Theatre Uojnl. The character of Julian St. Pierre fits Mr Sullivan closely, nnd every phase «f it was very finely rendered hy him. Mrs Heir in Mariana was extremely successful in ponrtrnying thnt nobly-drawn portrait of n high- souled, generous woman, nnd wc have seldom seen this actress display hcr'nhilit'es to better account. The " Area Belle" was the afterpiece. In consequence of the continued indisposition of Air Farquliarson, he will not be able to com mence his scries of inus'cnl entertainments nt tlie Polytechnic until Thursday. 