ARRIVAL OF THE APRIL MA I L FROM EUROPE. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) ADELAIDE, Thursday. The Alexandra arrived at Glenelg at half-past four o'clock, after a run of ninety-six hours from King George's Sound. Tho passage outwards was ac- complished in ninety-seven hours. The P. and 0. steamer Bombay, Cap- tain Burne, arrived at the Sound at three o'clock p.m. on the 5th inst. She left Galle on the 22nd May, at four p.m. Captain King is in charge of the mails. Passengera for Adelaide.-Mr. and Miss Tregoning, Messrs. Shipter, and two Messrs. Alstoup. For Melbourne.-Mr. and Mrs. Faw- cett, Mr. and Mrs. Biddulph, Dr. Green- hill, Messrs. Sloane, Joshua, Bagot, Lewis, Ross and Fritzch. Second class: Mr. and Mrs. Russell, Messie. Cowell, Davies, Kennedy, Strebnall, Sergeant Callaghan, and five soldiers. For Sydney.-Colonel and Miss Row- landson, Mr. and Mrs. Kenny, Messrs. Laboode, Hickie, M'Laren, and Naylor. Second class : Mr. and Mrs. Slavers, and five soldiers LATEST SPECIAL INTELLIGENCE. LONDON, Ma6 3, 6 p.m. SUEZ, MAY 5, 11 a.m. The Conference in London on the Danish, question was adjourned An armistice has been proposed, but the German plenipotentiaries await further orders. The Conference will reassemble to-day. An uneasy feeling prevails. The Channel Fleet is in the Downs, The officers are ordered to join their ships forthwith. The French fleet is under sailing orders. Its probable destination is the Baltic, to watch the Austrian navy's proceedings there. Fredericia has been evacuated. The Prussians have imposed a war contribution of ¿£72,000 on Jutland. The Garibaldi agitation ia subsiding. His farewell address has been published. A Parliamentary debate has taken place on the New Zealand Confiscation Act. Government proposes modifica- tions mitigating its severity, and a general amnesty on tho accomplishment of peace. The Penal Servitude Amendment Act Bill has passed its third reading. Fort Pillow has been captured by the Confederates, and 300 negroes mas- sacred. President Lincoln threatens retaliation. The Federals have again been defeated under Banks in Louisiana, with severe loss. A Confederate ram has sunk three Federal gun-boats at Plymouth. Lee is crossing the Bapidan. The movement is causing a great panic in New York Stock Exchange. Wool Solea.-Stock, 90,000 bales. Arrivals.-Marco, Adamant, and Stately. Money tight. Bank rate, 8 per cent. Consols 91, Sugar dearer, but easy. SUEZ, MAY Ö, 2 r-.jr. It is rumoured, but not duly authenti- cated, that the Congress has fa*1 ed. The English fleet ia ordered to the Baltic, and France intends sending 150,000 men to the frontiers, as Eng- land's filly. GENERAL SUMMARY. LONDON, Ar-iur, 2G. The Australian February mails were delivered in London on the 14th and 18th April. The Queen again appears in public. She held a court in Buckingham Palaco on Api'l 9. The Duke of Newcastle's health is considerably improved. Mr. Cardwell, Secretary of State for the Colonies, ha3 been re-elected for Oxford, without opposition. Mr. Stausfiold has retired from the Board of Admiralty, on the Mazzini question. He is succeeded by Mr. Childers, M.P., formerly of Victoria. Mr. Lowe, M.P., Vice-President of the Privy Council, has resigned. His suc- cessor is Mr. H. A. Bruce. Mr. Baring succeeds Brace iu the Home Office. Lord "Wodehouse becomes TJiidor I Secretaiy for India. Mr. Fortescue retains his Under Secretaryship for the Colonies. Sir Richard MacDonneil, late Governor of South Australia, is appointed Lieuto nant-Govcrnor of Nova Scotia. A. bill to unite Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward's Island has passed botli Houses in Nova Scotia. Tho vacant garter .will bo bestowed on the Duke of Sutherland. The Opposition's motion respecting the Government policy in China was disposed of by a count-out. The decision of the Hou3c of Lords in the Alexandra appeal case has been given. The appeal was dismissed, -with costs, and tho vessel delivered to her owners. Garibaldi's reception in England waa most enthusiastic. From the Prime Minister downwards, all classes vied with each other to do him honour. His entry into London was a triumphant ovation. Every available spot was crowded with spectators. He was tho guest of the Duke of Sutherland, at Stafford-house j ho was visited by the Prince of Wales ; and dined with Lord and Lady Palmer- ston, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the members of the Keform Club ; and was presented with the freedom of the city. Ho intended making a pro- vincial tour through England, but sud- denly left for Caprera on the 2Gth of April. The English working-classes were greatly excited, and held monster indignation meetings, alleging that Gari- baldi had to leave at the desire of the Austrian and French Governments. This statement was denied as untrue in both Houses of the British Parlia- ment. The Shakespeare ter-centenary comme- moration at Stratford-on-Avon was suc- cessful Tho metropolitan celebrations were insignificant and contemptible. G. V. Brooke is engaged at Sadler's ?Wells. Earl Derby has proposed a motion to compel the London railway companies to run morning and evening trains for the working-classes, at Is. per week, for any distance under ten miles. The Irish emigration to the Northern States is rapidly increasing. The means of transit per steamers and sailing vessels are unequal to the demand. The Dublin Exhibition of May, 1864, gives promiso of successful results. It is estimated that the loss by the late Sheffield inundation is £350,000. The number of the distressed in the cotton manufacturing districts is de- creasing at the rate of four thousand persons per week. The exports of cotton from India and China aro increasing vastly. Cobran (an American) has challenged Mace to fight for the championship nexi, June, and the first deposit has been made. The month's news contains an un- usual increase of murders and criminal outrages. The fund for the Colenso defence now amounts to £2,000. A dreadful earthquake had takea place at Copiapo, in Chili ; and simul- taneously a new volcano burst out, at a distance of 200 leagues. Obituary.-Viscount Sidmouth, Mr. Paulet, Professor Pillaus, Sir Edward Tucker, Mr. Wemyss, M.P. ; the Coun- tess of Glengail, Colonels Bingham and Burer, Admiral Clowes, Bishop of Peter- borough, Archdeacon France, the Hon. and Eev. - Stanhope, Mrs. E. Ellice, Mr. Alaric Watts, Mr. Maudsley, and Mr. T. P. Cooke. CONTINENTAL NEWS. THE DANO-GEEMAN QUESTION. The London Conference for the peaceful settlement of the Danish question met at the official residence of the First Lord of the Treasury, in Downing- street. All the mem- bers were present, as follows :-Austria -Count Apponyi and Privy Coun- cillor Bregeleben. Franco-Prince De La Tour D'Avergne. England-Earls Russell and Clarendon. Prussia-Couut Bernstorff and Privy Councillor Bal- lan, formerly ambassador at Copen- hagen. Denmark-Baron De Bille, M. Quaade, the Minister, and Councillor Krezer. German Confederation-M. De Beust, Saxon Minister. Sweden Count Wachtmeister. After a long dis- cussion, the conference separated without settling anything decisive. The basis for deliberation which Austria, Prussia, and the German Confederation agree to is, the integrity of the Danish monarchy, political and administrative autonomy of the Duchies, maintenance of their union as one single state, and Bendsburg to be made a German Federal fortress, as a guarantee of the indivisibility of the Duchies. Lord Clarendon, after a conference with tho Emperor Napoleon, returned to London, and announced the intention of France and England to demand an armistice. Franco and England agreed to declare war against the power which refused to agree to a truce. Meanwhile, during these negotiations the bravo Danes havo suffered frightful losses, fighting to the last, relying on England and Franco for succour. The Prussians, to the outrage of humanity, bombarded Sonderborg with- I out giving notice, thereby tacrificing unarmed civilians, women, and chil- dren. After two months of a gallant defenco, Düppel was taken by assault on the 18th. There was great slaughter on both sides. 3,000 Danes were taken prisoners. The remains of the Danish army aro massed in Alsen. Previous to the fall of Düppel, the commander-in-chiaf requested permia aion to withdraw his army by night, the place being untenable. The telegraphic reply from Copenhagen waa, that Düppel was to be held at any price. Several naval engagements have taken place in tho Baltic, with varied suc- cesses. Should Denmark lose Jutland, as an- ticipated, there will only romain to King Christian the islands of Zealand, Fionia, Laaland, Bornholm, and the small isles in the Danish archipelago. « AMERICA. ' NEW YORK, ArBiü la. Continuous rains had delayed military operations in Virginia. General Meade waa making active preparations for forward movements, The Federals intended making a threefold advance on Richmond, viz.-by Meade, across the Bapiclan, with the army of the Potomac ; by Smith, up the Penin- sula, where M'Clellan failod two years ago ; and by Burnside, via Goldsbo- rough, in North Carolina. Each army was to be strong enough to cope with Lee singly. It is said Lee intends advancing into Pennsylvania, Kentucky, and Ohio, thus forcing Grant to follow him or abandon these states to his invading army. The safety of Richmond is considered secure, owing to its defences and gar- rison. Several engagements had oc- curred, in which the Confederates were successful. Great excitement prevailed in the Federal money market, under symptoms of currency panic. Gold had reached 189. It subse- quently fell to 17 6£. In the House of Representatives on Friday, Mr. Long, of Ohio, spoke in favour of peace, advocating the imme- diate recognition of tho Southern Con- federacy. Next day the Speaker (Mr. Colfax) descended from the chair, and moved Mr. Long's expulsion for treason. Mr. Harris, member for Maryland, defended Long, and prayed that the South might nover be con- quered. The member for ILHnois then moved the expulsion of Mr. Harris ; eighty-one votes were recorded in favour, and fifty-eight again st, the motion. Not being a majority of two-third % the motion waa lost ; but a vote of censure on Harria waa carried. The expulsion of Long was still under discussion. Many democratic members endorse Long's opinions. The Louisiana elections resulted in the success of the Free State party. Arkansas had elected au anti-slavery Legislature. President Lincoln had issued orders for 250,000 men to bo ra;sed by the 15th of Apiil. Generals M'Clellan and Fremont wore nominated for the presidentship, but it was believed that Lincoln would be re elected. Another conspiracy had been disco- vered in Kentucky to annex that state to the Southern Confederacy. Mr. Seward's new immigration bill contains a clause to naturalize emi- grants in one year after their arrival, and for importing them free of expenso (they to refund the amount of their passage-money from the war bounty of 900 dollars, if they choose). Twenty five thousand Irish people had «arrived within a month. Sesvaid wants 250,000 a month. He expects to empty Iro land, strengthen America, and weaken England. Tho general feeling in America is that the end of the war ia approaching. The ensuing campaign WJU decide it. Should Grant be defeated, recognition of the Southern States aro expected. The Federal Senate has passed a resolution refusing to recognise Eu- ropean monarchical government in Mexico. FRANCE. Mazzhii has been tried by default, and condemned to transportation. This sen- tence enables the French Government to apply for his expulsion from Eng- land. Repreaentations havo been made to the English Government that Mazzmi's presence on British soil was a source of danger and anxiety to tho French Cabi- net. Cordial relations are again established between England and France, instoad of the coldness which has prevailed sinco the affair of the Paris Congress. Lord Palmerston publicly stated this, notwithstanding that the French Go- vernment had prohibited the holding of a Sh&ksporian; banquot in Paris. There have been insurrectionaiy movements amongst tho Arabs in Algoria, who attacked the French troops. Re i inforcement3 were sont from Franco to [ restore ordor. ITALY. War preparations in Venetia excite alarm at Turin. The Government aro earnestly urged to prepare for a threat- ened attack on Austria. A bill has been introduced to Parlia- ment to raise a large loan for the con- struction of iron-clads. Accounts of the Pope's health are very disquieting. The French ambassador has been in- structed to concert precautionary mea- sures with tho French general command- ing in Borne, in case of the death of the Holy Father. SWITZERLAND. The Council has decided on the ex- pulsion of Mazzini, ho haning abused the country's hospitality. Orders havo been issued accordingly to the different cantons. DENMARK. The King's speech to the army de- clares that their sufferings and losses have not been in vain, as they will bear fruit against the violence and injustice of their enemies in a struggle whose aim is the independence of their country. The inhabitants of Jutland havo for- warded an address to the King, request- ing him to persevere, and declaring their readiness to bear the burden of tho war. AUSTRIA. The unsettled condition of the empire has caused the postponement of the in- ternational exhibition. RUSSIA. On tho 1st of April, in a battle be- tween the Circassians and the Russians, the former lost 2,000 mon and the latter 1,500 meD. The Circassians had taken refuge in Turkey, by consent of the Sultan, who sent five steamers to convey them to Sinopo and Varna. The Polish insuirection still continues. Sanguinaiy engagements had occurred between insurgents and the Russians. The latter still inflicted barbarous out- rages on defenceless women and children. MEXICO. Prince Maximilian, who has surren- dered his right to the succession to the Austrian throne, retains the title of Archduke of Austria, and £12,000 per annum. He has departed for the seat of his government in Mex'co. The French army in Mexico con- tinues successful. It has occupied Mata moras, and expelled Ike ox-dictator, Santa Anna. INDIA. CALCUTTA, MAY 21. Government paper, Four per Cent., 3£ rupees discount. Exchange-London, first- class credits, 2s. to 2s. Id. Freights to London-Dead weight, 65s. ; juto, 75s. ; seeds, 60s. BOMBAY, MAY 21. Freight market continues duli. A further decline is expected. Ratc3 for London - cotton, 70s, ; seeds, 35s. To Liveipool-cotton, 45s. to 55s, ; seeds, 20s. Exchango on London, six months' sight, 2s. l^d. ; Calcutta, at sight, 99 ; Madras, thirty days', 99^ ; China, sixty days, 291. CHINA, Ar-M_29. Colonel Gordon has recovered from his wound. He is again in the field, successful, as usual. Oil the 11th April, he attacked the rebels at Waisoo, where they were entrenched. After some shelling, their left flank being turned, thoy precipitately retreated. The regular Imperial tioops, acting as auxiliaiies lo Gordon, pursued the rebels, and cut them up severely. Tho line of retreat was literally strewn with tho dead. It is affirmed that four months moro will terminate the Taeping rebellion. Thero is nothing important from Japan or tho other ports. Exchango on bank bills, 4s. 9-^d. ; Malwa opium, 745 dollars ; Patna, 520 ; Benares, 495. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. TUESDAY, Aram 20. The Bank of England raised the rato of discount from six to seven per cent, on April lGth. The discount market has been much easier since. There is little business doing below seven per cent. The money lendors aro evincing much caution, as a further ad- vance of the rate of discount is looked for. Consols, for money, 91j| to 91$; ditto, account, 9 If. At Paris and Vienna, in open market, discounts are six per cent. United States Government securities have fallen to- day. American securities aro all de- pressed. Color'al Government Secu- rities:-New South Wales Five por Cents., 1866, Januaiy and Jfiy, 99_ to 100£. Victorian S'x por Cents., April and October, 108 to 109. New Zealand' Six per Cents., 108 to 111. South Australian Six per Cents., 1878 and up- wards, 110 to 112. The directors of tho Bank of Queens- land have declared a dhldend of 7s. Od. per sharo. The seventh and eighth calls of the Bank of Now Zealand are to be paid on the 3rd of May and 3rd of August. The total value of the exportations from England during the past year ia £146,490,000, against £123,992,000 ii the previous year. The British colonies absorbed more than one-tb'rd of the entire amount. LONDON WOOL REPORT. Since laat advices Port Philip wool has beenindemard,audhasbcenso'd at prices equal to those in March. The lengthened passage of Melbourne sb'p3 not allowing the wool to bo landed in time for the last sales partly accounts for this, stocks not being equal to tho domand. A general belief exists that the former prices will bo maintained at the ensuing sales, commencing on 5th. May, for r-1! descriptions ; but operators will act with extreme caution, owing to the stringency of the money markets. Arrivals to date, 82,534 bales. Exports to Melbourne for past month show increase 119,0941b. Relative totals, 3G8,001lb., agamsfc 248,9071b. Considerable advance in fine goods. Shipments of brandy, tobacco, and malt heavy. Eeer increased1. De- cline in rape oil, butter, and bar iron. To Sydney-Month's exports, £260,661, against £183,155; increaco, ¿£7*i,106. Advance in shipmonts inform in nearly all articles. To Adelaide-Month's ex- ports decreased £24,323. To New Zealand.-Exports, £145,460, against £106,072 preceding month; increase, £9,388. PRODUCE MARKETS. Tallow.-Prices declined Is. to Is. Gd. ; P.Y.C. on spot, 43s. ; Australian, dull and lower. Leather.- Australian brought fair prices. First class, Old. to 9|d. ; seconds, 9d. ; shoi^deis and bellies, 7d. In skins there is little inqu»/ for any sort. Hides,-Demand limited. Last quotations scarcely susta^ed. Pricc3 ranged for first fight, 4d. to 4}d. ; seconds, 3Jd. to 4d. ; first heavy, 4gd. to 5¿d. ; seconds, á%d. ; kips, 4¿d. Horns.-Former prices for Australian maintained. Bones.-Hoofs sold £5 2s. 6d. ; shanks, £11 5s. to £12 10s. Whalebone.-Polar, £510 ; southeu, £400; finners, £120. Oils.-Ex- tensive sales in linseed Prices much higher. Sperm, £74 ; southern whale, double compass, £48 ; singlo do., £45. Metala.-Copper ha3 again de- clined £5 per ton. Smelters still SP'I from £2 to £3 under presont quotations. Spirits.-Rum declined le? per gallon. Brand'es without chango. Good ports and sherries scarce. In coi a and rice priors havo given way, not- withstanding tl'it a li'gc business ha<» been done in both. In sugars, s'uco the imposition of the now duties, prices have advanced 1P. per cwt. The stock on hand ia equal to laat year's quantity. Coûce.-Native Ceylon aud plantation are in good demand ; plantation sorts 6s. lower. SHIPPING. Arrivals.-Essex, La Hogue, Great Britain, s.a., Moravian, Donna Anita, Asterope, Piecursor, Westbury, Alfred, R. Morrison, Mediator, Shaknmaxon, and Calliance. Departures.-For Melbourne.-Torna- do, Clyde, Golden Hou, Sarah Anne, Martha Birnie, Lady Egidis, Southern Empire, Scotia, Matilda, and Sussex. For Sydney.-City of Adelaide, Royal A1 i ce, Williiim Duthie, Bucton Castle, Naon", Simber-m Sea Star, and City of Montreal. For Now Zealand.-Amoor, Flying Foam, Max »veil, Warwickshire, Trin culo, Audrow Jackson, Randolph, and Ahuriri, s.a. For Queensland. - Sultana, Earl Russell, and Fusileor. Casualties.-The Sappho, from Shan- ghai to London, with a cargo tea, has been totally wrecked entering Table Bay. Tho American ship Sam Dun- ning, 1,928 tons, from Rangoon to Liveipool, foundered on the 19th April, and only six of the crow were saved. The Peninsular and Oriental steamer Candia, from Aden to Galle, encountered a terrific cyclone on the 29 th April Tho ship sprang a leak, the fires in tho engino-room were extinguished, and tho Lascar crow were paralyzed with fear ; but the ship was saved, through the ex- ertions of the officers and passengers. TEE dREVIMlí AND Binn (REUTER'S AOENTS). REUTER'S TELEGRAM. LONDON, APBIÜ20. In tho (lobato in tho Commons on tho con- fiscation policy in Now Zealand, Mr. Card- well enid it was impossihlo to disallow tho act of the colonial Legislature ; bnt thatho had instructed tho colonial Government to re- strain its action. The cession territory should be on terms of pacification, and no singlo con- fiscation should be made without the concur- rence of tho Governor, who was instructed to open a commission to investigate every caso. After just chastisement of the Ruilty, tho Con- fiscation Act should ho rorminatcd, and a completo amnesty proclaimed. KEW YORK, Ar-BiL 23. Banks has boon dofcatod, with great loss. Forrest has captured Fort Pillow. BEUTER'S RED SEA. TELEÖRA1L LONDON, Ar-Btt 80. Tho Danes havo evacuated Frederlcko. Tho Allies rejected an armistice ombraoing tho maintenance of the blockade Mmkiits flat. Discount, 8 per cent, REUTER'S UNPUBLISHED TELEGRAMS* A proclamation of the Federal Commis- sioners, dated 25th April, Boys tho King of Prussia, at L18 departure, declared ho felt moBt deeply moved by tho gratifying recep- tion ho had received from tho clergy, and all classes of people. His Majesty expressed sin* cero thanks for tho cordial reoeptlon given to the Prussian, troopa on their return from Schleswig to HoUtein, after a sever« eujaRi - ment. The Commissioners bring these ex- pressions of feeling to the knowledge of all concerned. The Bombay arrived ut the Sound at three o'clock on the 5th, and contemplated depart- ing at BIX o'clock on the morning of tho 6th. The Alexandra made the tiip in ninety-six Lours, Passengers.-For Melbourne : Mr. and ' Mrs. Fawcett, Mr. and Mrs. Biddulph, Dr. Greenhill, Messrs. Sloane, Joshua, Bagot, « Lewis, Ross, and Frit-ch-cabin. Mr. and Mrs. Bussell, Metsrs. Cowell, Davis Kennedy, Strebnull, and six soldiers- second class. Sydney: Colonel and Miss Rowhnson, Mr. and;Mrs. Kenny, Messrs. Labórelo, nickle, MacLaren, and Naylor-cabin. Mr. and Mrs. ?* Travers and five soldiers-second clabs. Ade 1 laide : Mr. and Mrs. Tragonen, Messrs. George 1 Alston, Kennior, Douglas, Alston, and Ship v Bter. The Wild Wave, from Mauritius to Ade- laide, was spoken by Alexandra in the C Straits. A late London telegram, dated 4th May, states that a coalition had been formed between England and France The English fleet sent to the Baltic. Franco sends 50,OJO troops to the frontier. EEUTBR'S EXPRESS. LONDON, A rain 20. The Australian February mails was de . ' livcred at Maiseillos on the 12th, and at South . nmpton on the 10th. The Queen held her first Conrfc since the 4 Prince Consort's death, at Buckingham 'Palace, on the 9th, when elie received the prin- cipal members of tho corps diplomatique and their ladies. The second reception was to hate been held on the 16th inst, bat has been postponed, the Queen suffering neuralgia. The majority of the Boyal family left Windsor for Osborne on the 20th. Her Majesty's health still requires care. . The Prince and Princess of Wales are still at Sandringham Prince Alfred leaves to-day, 'for several months. Ile goes first to Germany, and then on a cruize in the Mediterranean, The Duke of Newcastle has been compelled hy 1 the state of his health to resign the Secretary- ship for the Colonies. He is succeeded by Mr. Cardwell. Mr. Lowe hns resigned the vice-presidency of the Committee of tho Privy Council on Education, and is succeeded by the Under- secretary of the Home Office, Mr. H, A. Brace. Mr. Baring succeeds Mr. Bruco. One of the last nets of the Duke of New castló was to offer tho Bishopric of Tasmania to the Bev. 0. H. Bromby, principal of the Normal College at Cheltenham. General Garibaldi nrrived at Southampton on Sunday, and was received with groat en- thusiasm. Next day he was presented with an address by the Mayor and Corporation of Southampton. Ho remained at Brooke's house, ' as a guest of Mr. Seely, M.P., till the follow- ing Monday, when ho came to London, where ho was received with a heartiness and good- will unexampled in history, A crowd as- sembled denser than at the entty of the Princess' of Wales. Garibaldi was greeted ' toy deputations of the working men of Lon- don j and proceeded to Stafford-house, the resi- dence of the Duke of Sutherland, where he remained during the week. The general met a perfect ovation from all classes of English ' society whenever ho appeared in public. He visited the opera, the Houses of Lords and Commons, twice the Crystal Palace, where he received addresses, and ho was prei-eutod with the freedom of the city by the City of i London and the Fishmongers' Corporation. He dined with tho Reform Club, and with many members of the ..aristocracy, altogether recítame a most en- thusiastic reception. Ho had made arrange- ments to visit many provincial towns, when he was advised by his friends to abaudon the tour, to avoid injury to his health. He yielded to these representations, and has now gone to Cornwall, to visit his friend Colonel Peard. He expected to leave England for Cupreia , in the courso of the week, in the Duke of Sutherland's yacht. Much dissatisfaction existed throughout the country, especially among the working mon, owing to Garibaldi's abrupt departure Kilmours were current that pressure was put upon him by the Govern- ment to please the Emperor Napoleon. These stories were authoritatively denied m Parlia- ment by Lord Clarendon, Lord Palmerston, .and Mr. Gladstone. The Shakspeare Tor centenary Festival wat celebrated at Stratford-on-Avon, on the 22nd and in various other places throughout the kingdom on the same day. The jubilee con tinued at Stratford for a week. An interesting series of trials are going or at ShoebnrynesB to tcBt the relative meiils o the Aimstrong and Whitworth guns. Th< trials aie superintended by the competitors ii person. Hitherto a very slight difference has teen found to exist. At tho Volunteer Re view 18,000 men were prcsont. It was hell on Easter Monday, near Guildford ; it passei off with good BUCCCBS. The vessel Alex nndra, soized by tho Government as bein; built contrary to the Foreign Enlistmen Act, has now been returned to her owners. , Obituary.-Tho Landgravine of Hesso, th grandmother of the Princess of Wales; Prir cess Victoria Gouromnio, of Coorg, god daughter of the Queen ; Viscount Sidmoutl Sir Andries Stockenstrom (lata Lieutonani Governor of the Cupe of Good Hope), Majo: Central Harvey, Admirals Patton Taylo: C.B., and Sir Edward Tackoi, G C.B.; Pr< fessor Pillius, Mr. Wemyss (M P. for Fifeshire Admiral Clowes, Mr. T. P. Cooke (tho actor "Archdeacon France (Presidont of St. John College, Cambridge), and the Bishop i Poteiborough. In (he House of Lords, on tho 7ch instan Lord Shaftesbury censured the hombardmsi of Sonderborg having been commenced witl out notice to tho inhabitants. He hoped Gi vemmont would sond the fleet to provent _ «-petition of Buch atrocities. On the lit Lord ( ¡Strathdon moved resolutions to ti effect that, if Denmark had been better su porícd hythe British Government, bloodshe would havo been n\oklod ; and thnt the Coi forence should be accompanied by convin ing proof to the European powers tin Government would adhiro to tho treati guaranteeing Schlewig to Denmark. After * long debate, tho resolutions wero withdraw In the Commons, on the 4th, Lord Palme ston Said tho Conference would endeavour restore peace without an armistice. _1 Stansfield announced his resignation, and I dignantly repudiated all complicity with i volutionary dcbigns. On tho lui, Mr. Glu stone brought ia his budget. Ho said ti -surplus for tho past year, £2,852,000, accoun for tho present year at the present rato taxation, would , leave the snrplus £2,670,000. The malt tax is not to be i pealed. He would reduce tho duties on sug by about 5s. per cwt. on the higher classi and about 2s. per cwt. on the lowest. I would take off a penny in tho pound of t income-tax, and reduce by a half the.'.ii re 1 surance duty on stock-in-trade. In addition thesoho proposed various minor changes in t duty on corn lentils, licence duties, to» dut! aroduction of tho stamp duty on proxy votirj papers, reduction in the cost of powera attorney, receipts for dividonds, marine i insurance, and extending licences to bi sellers. The total reductions would leave margin of £238,000, which he did not prop; lo reduce. The budget was favourably re- I coived by the House. I On the 13th ft motion by; Lord Robert Oeoll, concerning the mutilation of the reports of the inspectors of schools hy the committee of the Council of Education, was carried against the Government hy a majority of nine. In conséquence of this vote, Mr. Lowe, president of the committee, resigned. AMERICAN NEWS. Amur, 14. There are Indications of active operations about to recommence in all quarter*. That Grant has officially assumed the command of the armies has been announced at head- quarters. He would be with the Potomac army. This army is now largely reinforced, and the hcad-quartors moved to Culpepper. This step is consldored indicative of a forward movement on Richmond. ' Tho Confederates under .Forrest had in vodediWestern Tennessee, and captured Union City. Forrest immediately afterwards en- tered Kentucky, and took Paducob, on Ohio River. He was forced to retreat ; but being reinforced again, advanced and attacked Columbus, wheie fighting still continues. Active preparations aro being mude for a cumpaign in the South-west. Johnbtone hud been largely reinforced from Folk's and Beauregard's armies. An exciting debute took place ia the House of Representatives on tho.rosolution to expel two members for expressing themselves un- favourably towards the North. The Senate had voted an amendment of the Constitution abolishing slavery. A great panic had occurred in the gold market, gold rising in one day fifteen per cent. It bos now receded to 7GJ. THE WAR IN DENMARK. The war continues. After a eiego of up- wards of two months' duration, the Prussians carried the works of Düppel. On tho 18tb, the bombardment had reduced the forts to little better than ruins, and the Danish army was too exhausted and worn-out to offor any effi- cient defence The Prussians captured a large number of guns and 2,000 prisoners. The Danith losses were reported as being from 2,000 to 3,000 more, The Prussian loss was about 1,300. j After the capture of Düppel, the rest of the Danish army retreated to the Island of Alson, where they still remain. The Danes ha\o thus lost their hold on the mainland of Schleswig. The Prussians havo now directed the main body of their forces Into Jutlaud, expressing their intention to seize and occupy that provinco.lin reprisal for attacks on Gor- man shipping committed hy the Danesa The Austrians are still besieging the fortress of Fredc-ricia. ATconferonco of the representatives of the powereS which signed the Treaty of 1852, together with the envoy of the German Diet, met yesterday in London, to diseñes means for the restoration of peace. It is stated that propositions were made for an immediate armistice. Tho Austrian and Prussian envoys stated that they must apply to their Governments for instructions. Tho Confer- ence therefore adjourned. The Mexican question Is settled by the Archduke Maximilian formally accepting the crown. He is now on his way to his empire. A protocol, ending tho English protectorate of the Ionian Islands, is being signed. The islands will bo handed over to Greece. SHIPPING. DEPAEXUKES, For Melbourne.-Sarah Anne, Martha Bir- nie, Lady Egidia, and Southern Empire. For Port Philip.-Golden Horn and Scotia. For Canterbury.-Amoor and Cosaipore. ' For Auckland.-Flying Foam, Maxwell, and Trinculo. For Sydney.«-Royal Alice, William Duthie, Buxton Castle, and Naomi. For Queensland.-Sultana. For Geelong.-Matilda. For Otago.-Warwickshire, Moreton Bay, Earl Russell, and Fusilier, and Andrew Jack- son. For Adelaide.-Sea Star, and Nyanza. For Now Zealand.-Ahuriri. For Port Augusta -Shepherdess, ABBIVALS. From Fremantle-Hastings. From Adelaide.-Murray and Precursor. , From Sydney.-Isles of the South, La Hogue, Alfred, and Shah amaxon. , From Melbourne-Eisex, Great Britain, s.S., Moravian, aud Mediator. From Canterbury.-Dona Anita, Welling- ton, Asteropo. From Launceston.-The Westbury. Fiom Swan River.- -Tho A. Morrison. From Geelong.-The Calllaneo. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. Exports for March, £368,000; increase, £120,011. To Sydney and Moreton Bay, £200,001; increase, £78,983. To Adelaide, £32,329. In the city, discount was at sovon per cent. Stocks moderate, Consols.-Three per Cents, for money and for account 91?. Exchango, ten to four discount. WOOL. Sinco last report there has been ' a con- siderable ddnand for Port Phillp Wool. Soveral large parcels of recent onivuls sold at rates fully equal to March prices. Total ar- rivals to date, 82,534 bales. PRODUCE MARKETS. Hides are loss active. A slight advance has Ecarcely been sustained. Only a small por- tion has been sold. Horns.-Australian, moderate sale, at pre- vi' us prices. Tallow.- Markot dull, drooping, present prices bhowing a decline of le. to" la Od. on laßt month's ratus. Australian dull, lower. ' Oils.-Linsend active, extoneivc sales on speculation. Prices much higher on spot 80s. here, and 39s. 3d. in Hull, delivory up to June. ttupe steady. Palm quiet. Cocoanut rather less in domand. Olive hotter. Fish oilt only email business. Metal?.-Spelter quieter. Tin dull. British lcdncid price?. Tin plates rather easiar, and in moderato demand. Manufactured iron and load quiet. Copper declined £5. Spirits. - All common kinds declined-rum Id. per gallon ; large sales ; market, however, dull. Brandies without change. Porters for export small. Good port'and sherries very scarce, at highpr prices. Provision*.-Butter dull, at lowor prices; Dutch much lower ; American lower, nama quiet. Bacon dull. Cheese rather cheaper. Rico, although largo business doing, prices rather giving woy, both for parcels on the spot mid for arrival. Coffee.-Ceylon in good domand, at firm prices ; plantation, however, has given away, the demand being loss active!; Mocha dearer, and in good demand : foreign coffee steady. Corn.-Notwithstanding war, tnurket for wheat extremely dull. Prices have further given way. Barley is rather easier. Oats -Foil prices for all good ; light Borts rather cheaper. Sugars, Hinco the new duties, in more demand. In both grocers, ond refiners', a fair business. Importers Reno rally obtained 6d. to le. per cwt. more. Stock now on par with last year. LATEST TELEGRAM FROM ADELAIDE. Several engagements between Fedérala und Confederates have been fought,¡the latter suc- cessful. The general opinion is that recognition of tho South will shortly be effected. Gold in New York 178 premium, French Government prohibited holding Sbnkspearo banquet in Paris. Sir B. G. M'Donnell appointed Governor of Nova Scotia. Stansfeld resigned his seat at the Board of Admiralty, and is succeeded by Mr. Childers. The Queen's health has improved. Sho has appeared in publia . Brevet-Colonel Ticver Chute, late of the 70th Foot, promoted to Major-General. 