THIS MEROU II V, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 1864. The receipt of our English papers has put us in a position to supplement the news we gave yesterday by telegram in many important respects on all its main points. It is not, in fact, by any means be as eager as we were then led to expect, although it breaks off as is usual in places at which we are most desirous of information. That is particularly the case with regard to the affairs of Denmark, and the state of public feeling in America. The same also applies to the Mazzini conspiracy, and to one or two other matters, although in an inferior degree. We now know for certain, what was only a matter of conjecture yesterday, that France and England did demand an armistice as a preliminary to any negotiations for peace at the London Conference, and that they have both since agreed to de- clare war against the power which refuses to agree to a truce. This was done after a conference of Lord Clarendon with the Emperor Napoleon, and may be taken as a virtual rejection of what Austria, Prussia, and the German Confederation agreed to as the basis of right ial ion namely, that the integrity of the Danish monarchy should be upheld, subject to the political and adminis- trative autonomy of the Duchies of Schleswig and Holstein, the maintaining of their union as one single State, and the conversion of Eondsburg into a German Federal fortress as a guarantee of the indivisibility of the two Duchies. But that is covering all that has ever been demanded, and more than is likely to be acceded to. It is in fact the true cause of the movement of the French and British troops. But there the news provokingly stops. It was reported at Suez on the 5th of May that the Conference had failed, but that needed authentication. With regard to America, the state of things is much more favorable to the Confederates, and adverse to the Federals, than almost any one could have expected. The general feeling in America now is, that the war has worn itself out so far as the Federals are concerned. Gold had advanced to 74 per cent, premium on the 12th of April, that is 2 per cent higher than it had been at any former period during the war, and the Federal money market was everywhere giving symptoms of a currency panic. In the delirium of his frenzy for want of men, Mr. Seward had brought in an immigration Wil, wherewith Iib hoped to empty Ireland, weaken England, and strengthen America, by the addition of 250,000 immigrants per month. These he proposes to secure by paying their passage money, and allowing them to refund this, if they choose out of their war bounty of 900 dollars. In the House of Represen- I use as, there was a very strong party advocating the policy of the immediate recognition of the Southern States, and such a feeling had been exhibited there as that the Speaker had been conducting himself in so grossly indecent a manner as to leave the chair, and propose on the floor of the House the expulsion of Mr. Long, of Ohio, for treason. In the midst of all this, preparations were being made for a threefold advance on Richmond ; one by Meade, across the Rapidan, with the army of the Potomac j another, by Smith, up the Peninsula, where M'Clellan failed two years ago and a third by Burnside, through Goldsborough, in North Carolina. But be satisfied was Lee with the safety of Richmond. despite all this, that he was about advancing into Pennsylvania, Kentucky, and Ohio, with the view of forcing Grant to follow or of compelling him to abandon those States to the invading army. And should Grant be defeated, it is confidently believed in America, that that will end the war, and that a recognition of the independence of the Southern States will immediately follow. The Mazzini conspiracy has also turned out a more serious affair to that ill- fated individual than we were at one time led to expect, although not unproductive of good to us in our foreign relations. The generous tone assumed by the whole of the British press towards France from the first in reference to this affair, had gone far towards allaying that irritable ill-feeling which had been springing up in that country towards England, over since the latter had declined to meet the former in a general European CongresSjiinduow that Mazzini has been tried by default, and has been condemned to transportation, France will have an opportunity "of BEing thn*-13nglnnd-\vill_be~n5 harbourer of traitors. This, incidentally, will tend to draw the two countries closer together, and will help them more cheerfully to fight side by side in the North of Europe, should that be inevitable, which now seems not at all unlikely. For some time past, Mr. Edward's new immigration bill has been casting its shadow before. We have more than once of late alluded to the large immigration from Ireland to the Northern States of America, and have expressed our surprise, at the readiness with which the funds seemed to be forthcoming for that purpose. But we were not prepared for any such increase in that immigration as is now reported. The means of transit by steamer and sailing vessels is quite unequal to the demand. Twenty five thousand had arrived in New York during the mouth ending March the 12th, and the cry there still was, " here they come." Under what inducement, we are no longer at a loss to conceive. That is the only drawback we see on the generally prevailing good tone of the home news. But England will outlive that we dare say. Distress in the manufacturing districts is largely decreasing, and trade everywhere is healthy. 