ARRIVAL OF THE MAY MAIL FROM EUROPE. The Peniri8iilar and Oriental Com- pany's steamship Madras, Captain Farquhar, with the " May "mails from England, arrived in Hob-son's Bay about nino o'clock yesterday morning, having been detained by fogs in making her way np the West Channel Tho Madras was two days' late in sailing from Galle, owing to the detention of the mail steamer Qolconda between Suez and Galle, and has made an excellent run, though she has experienced unfavour- able weather almost throughout the pass- age. The following are the letters of our London correspondents, which were published in a second edition of The Argus yesterday : LONDON, MAT 26. THE CONFEIIENOE.-WAR PROSPECTS. The horizon darkens daily. A tempest is evidently near at hand. The English Govern- ment is draining the cup of humiliation to its bitterest dregs; while tho strain put upon tho patience of the English people ia becoming unendurable. The arrogance and rapacity of Prussia, which increase with ovcry fresh suc- cess ; the unaccountable subserviency of Austiia to the aggrandizing policy of her rival ; the duplicity and double-dealing of Russia, who is believed to have a secret nndeistanding with her despotic neighbours ; the reserved and equivo- cal attitude of France ; the defection of Sweden ; the clamours of tho German De- mocracy for the dismemberment of Denmark; and the lingering agony of that heroic little kingdom; make up a position of affairs that is full of peril to the peace of Europe. Even the mock Conference, which has held itt long-intermittent sittings in London daring tho month, has but deepened the disgust ol the nation with the traitorous conduct ol the Allies, and loaded our Ministry with heavier disgrace. It can have bnt one issue-the triumph of Prussian perfidy, and the utter stultification of English policy Our Foreign Secretary has allowed himself to be befooled by the cajoleries and lies of the spoilers of Denmark. And now that the whole of continental Denmark is beneath the hoof of their armies, the mask is thrown off, and the incorporation of the conquered pro- vinces is unblushingly discussed. The treatie: of 1862, adhesion to which before the fall o; Dybbol had been so solemnly avowed, are now discarded, and the lights of conqncst an pleaded by the brutal victors. Prussia is complete master of the situation, and unlcn the Conference will consent to register and endorse Herr Von Bismark's decrees, it must break up in confusion, leaving Englani covered with ignominy. Wo are airead] spoken of by the continental press in term wbieh are kindling a dangerous feeling o exasperation. Threats we can bear witt equanimity and composure, but to be tauntei with pusillanimity, fear, and a dastardly abandonment of the people we undertook to befriend, is too much, for British spirit and honour to endure. These are no gloomy forebodings of m own merely. The presentiment of comin war on a stupendous neale is almost universa Even the peace prophets are sensible of ii imminence, and counsel the Government t " cease to struggle where they can do no good." Their diplomatic mediation has bee not only useless, but positively mischievou By encouraging expectations which the have been unablo to satisfy, they hav bionght Europe to the verge of a great wai and now, in this terrible crisis, we are ei korted to retire with the blood-staine laurels of shame and infamy we have woi Weare told to "give np the idea of a widi responsibility than Divine Providence hi imposed upon us, aud cease to watch evei transfer of territory on the Continent froi one ruler to another, as though Europe ha appointed us hor arbitrator-general. If ti powers convened in conference exhibit disinclination to submit to the rules of jo tice, and choose to base their decisions c might rather than right, would it not 1 batter for na to withdraw from the assembl and wash our hands of the iniquities whie we could not preveut, and ought not to co nive at or condone? If Prussia and Auati are resolved te appropriate the spoil wkl they have wickedly won, let them do so e their own undivided responsibility." TI is but another application of tho " Peri Savoy " policy j and it commanda the co currence of very few Englishmen. The fealii to which I referred last month is deepeni and intensifying every day. The country wearied out, and a low growl of disBatisfactii and anger is coming up audibly from eve side. People are losing their temper when they talk of the bloody atrocities, the ruth less cruelties, and the ravenous ambition of tho Prussians. The gulf between the ti nations threatens to become impassable, ai a war against the robbers of the north would be highly popular. "A feeling that it is most time that words should give place to i tlon, says the Spectator, "ia spreading fe through the land,and will very soon make its heard in unmistakable tones. The Oabia bumpered by a hundred difficulties, of whi Parliament never talks, has waited for st port, and now there is no course of action, it be but decided, of which the country w not approve. If France will joia to sect the weak, the alliance will ba accepted wl pleasure; but if not, it is not from t railleries that England receives her order lae official journals, meanwhile, ara 1 coming almost menacing in language, a Ihi Ttmes has at last abandoned the peace ; any-price attitude. The tone of the counl press, morever, is becoming warlike, a there la a general sense that the hour for d cnsslon is pasaing away. Should the ne Conference (on the 28th) break up withe arriving at any satisfactory solution, we m «peet a momentous change of Borne kit ino alternative appears to be, war or t political suicide of the Government. Another element, too, has to be taken ii account, which will tend to accelerate 1 decision, of our statesmen. Disgusted w; our bad faith, and despairing of any eff wai assistance from her pretended frien .Denmark talks of casting herself upon I mercy of her insolent conqueror, and maki v? ^"tPessibletermB for herself. Bat ter pniained from Berlin would Involve the p manent dependence of Denmark on 1 great power which grants it psaoe. G nany mung in the Baltic is not apleass P«*P«fc to EngllBh politicians and m J} $*' Yf4 thta k what *be abandonmi of Denmark would Imply. ENGLAND AND THE GERMAN POWEi Borne light has during tho month be thrown upon the Imbecile proceedings of Government ia relation to the German powers. Tbero Is reason to believe (that, in breaking our pledged faith, shutting our ears to the appeals of the oppressed, recoiling step by step before the barefaced aggressions of Germany, and abdicating our proper position in Europe, the Ministry have beca obeying, not their own convictions, or the wishes of the country, but the behests of Her Majesty, The strong Prussian bias of the Court has long been notorious, but it wa) not until recently that tho personal interference of the Sovereign with the polioy of the Adminis- tration was suspected. The leanings of the Queen, however, in favour of the most violent partisans and promoters of German, encroach- ment, have latterly become BO glaring, that the subject has been extensively commented, upon duringthopostmonth. In the present irritated state of the public mind, it would have been wise to abstain from every demonstration cal- culated to wound or exasperate her people. But Her MojeBty has not seen fit so to humour the feelings of those who sympathise with the sufferings of the victims of Prucsian villany. Just before her departure for Scotland, Herr Von Benst, the representative of all that is hostile to Denmark, was rather ostentatiously invited to Osborne. A day or two later, at a Court held at Buckingham Palace, among other ribands, we are told by the Court Circular, that the Queen wore the Order of Queen Louise of Prussia. But, worst of all, just as all England was de- nouncing the horrible slaughter of Dybbol, we learnt that Prince Alfred was paying a visit to Berlin, and that ho had received from the blood stained hands of the Boyal butcher the decoration of the Black Eagle. On any ordinary occasion, such an incident would scarcely bave attracted oven a passing attention ; but happening at such a juncture, it wa3 very significant ; and this deliberate insult to a nation's feelings excited universal disgust and indignation. Punch is gene- rally a faithful exponent of the sentiments of the hour, and the following jeu aVesprit cor- rectly, though somewhat strongly, expresses the feeling with which Englishmen regard the insulting and degrading gift : " Take bock, and in thy dastard's face. AB hard as England's might can rung, Thy badge that would a dog dlsgraco. Thou caitiff that art named a King : Thy brow is crimson with a brand Outdaring Cain's ; ho slow but ono. Dost thou stretch forth thy rod right hand To decorato Victoria's ton Î " Keep thy Black Euglo for thlno own, Meet emblem, fcign ot blood aud prey, Apt symbol for a felon's throno, Hence with that type of crlmo, away ! Foul thing I our Prince as woll might wear A ho1 ter round his rojal neck, As on his breast that baublo bear Nono but a scoundrel's fit to dock. " Not Alfred's breast ; another placo Is whero thine Eagle should bo spread, Mid kites and crows, among the raco Of vermin, nailed on barn or shod. And structures if there wera to choose Tho vilest of them would, before All others, bo tho ono to UBO. Sticking thy Order on its door. "Black Eagle, murder's proper meed! Well doth Its colour match tho stain Of guilt, that dyes that coward's deed W ho foma'o slew and infant Dane, Black Eec'los are for blackguards right, W hite feather who with black combine. Ko English Prince shall bo a Knifht Of such black Chivalry as thlno." In discussing the subject of the Queen's alleged dictation of the policy of the Govern- ment on the Daño-Gorman question, the london Hiview concludes a temperate and well-written article as follows:-"By our Constitution we know that the conduct of foreign affairs is not amenable to the direct control of Parliament. It is subject to the Sovereign only, and though Ministers may doubtless bo turned out of office for any step -which Parliament afterwards con- siders objectionable, yet the step itself is irre- vocable. This principle was laid down by Lord Palmerston lately, when he re- fused to give Parliament an opportunity of discussing the treaty which the Conference might agree to, until after it should be ratified. Wo know, also, that the loreign policy of the country, while thus removed from Parliamentary jurisdiction, is not vea tod Bolely in the Ministers for the time being. For it is only a dozen years since Lord Palmerston himself was ejected from the Foreign Office for transmitting a despatch not previously sanctioned by the chief of the Cabinet, and the rule was then explicitly announced that no despatch should thenceforth be forwarded until it had been submitted to, perused, and approved by the Queen in person. Further- more, we have very lately been informed by Her Mujesty herself, that she cannot under- take duties of ceremony, because her time is so wholly taken up by duties of substance. We must, therefore, assume, on the highest authority, that among the duties which she thuB personally performs is that of, at least, reading, correcting, authorizing.or vetoing the despatches in which the foreign policy of this nation is defined and directed. This much is certain. But rumour, supported by some evidence of factB, has lately gone farther. It has been observed that both Lords Bussell and Palmerston have, in Parliament, in speaking of the aggressions of Germany, used language amounting to threats, which threats have not been carried out. This is not the habit of English statesmen, least of all of statesmen of Buch large experience and ripe year?. It bas been observed, also, that the journal which is in such matters understood to be inspired by the Premier himself, has consistently advocated a policy of action, such OB would makegcad these threats. It has been observed, too, that Lord Derby, after for a certain time supporting a policy of action, has suddenly come to the rescue of Govern- ment from defeat on such an issue. From these facts the public draws the inference that the actual policy which has been adopted has been moved, not by the convictions of the Ministry, but by the deference which both they and the heads of the Opposition are disposed to pay to the personal wishes of the Sovereign in a matter In which the Consti- tution makes her despotic, and in which her own practice has made her aiblter. If the public is wron« in this, it will gladly be corrected ; but such correction has been vainly asked for in Parlia- ment, and we ourselves, some weeks ago, invited it in vain. Therefore, till corrected, this explanation of our foreign policy is na- turally assumed and believed to be true. If it should be so, we need scarcely point out how greatly the fact is to be deprecated. Most deplorable at all times is discord between the sentiments of Sovereign sod people ;-in England, happily, it has been rare. The wisest and greatest of our rulers have ever moBt readily obviated it, by conceding their own detires to the conviction of their states- men and their people. They have remom bsred that, though the Constitution makes them in form despotic, yet they are under the solemn obligation to uso thoirpowera and place for the good of tholr subjects, and that gcod never can be effected by en- forcing the viows of one person against the opinion of a nation. And the no- tion, jealous always for its honour and duty, has ever felt bound to remonstrate against being pledged, by a single will, to a course of which it disapproved. It were surely an anomaly too strange to be witnessed in this century, if the 80,000,000 of English- men and Engishwomen, if the statesmen who have spent their lives in the service of the country, should be forced, in deference to the personal feelings of one exalted lady, most admirable as ehe 1B in all the private relations of life, to yield up their belief of what honour, public faith, the welfare of the state, and the interests of Europe in all time to come, demand now at their hands." THE CONFERENCE. The plenipotentaries of the powers have assembled four or five times, but have at present determined nothiog affecting the political future of the duehies. At the first meeting, an armistice, as a necessary preli- minary to negotiation, was proposed by the neutral powers, The innocent German re- presentatives were, of course, quite taken aback at the strangeness and unexpect- edness of the request-had no instructions on the subject-and must refer the matter to their respective Governments. Another week was thus gained for pillage and carnage« for seizing fresh territory, and for concentrating the Austrian fleet in the Baltic. Then there was an interval of rumour* re- specting the terms of the armistice, the Ger- mans, as usual, desiring to exact o very possible advantage from the poor Danoo, while un- willing to concede any equivalent advantage on their part. The Danes at first were re- calcitrant, and it was thought the Conference would perish prematurely. However, the pressure which had already wrung so much from the bravo little nation, was again un- sparingly applied ; and when the meeting of the 9th took place, a temporary suspension of hostilities was agreed upon-not on tho terms understood to have been proposed hy the neutral powers, namely, the evacuation of Jutland by the Germans, and of Alsen by the Danes, but on the basis of the uti possi delis. The Danes reluctantly consented to raise the blockade during the month's armistice, while, in return for this important concession, the Germans simply engaged to abstain from the course of indiscriminate plunder and ruthless exaction they had hitherto pursued in Jutland. Bat, with the perfidioueness and unscrupulous villany which have marked all their conduct through- out the war, the Prussians have dared to violate this Bolemn compact in the face of Europe. The agreement carno into force on the 12th ¡Mt, and almost ever since the tri- umphant tyrants have been harrying, worry- ing, looting, and imprisoning the wretched inhabitants of Jutland. The locusts are de- termined to utterly beggar the land with their enormous requisitions. Public opinion Is highly incensed ; but alas ! every day public opinion becomes more and more im- potent against victorious broto force. It was a happy thing that a suspension of hostilities was agreed to at the sitting of the 9th; for an hour later put the pleni- potentiaries in posse- sionof intelligence which would no doubt have altered the decision. News was telegraphed to this country from Heligoland, that a naval engagement had just taken placo between a combined German squadron consisting of two Austrian frigates and three Prussian gunboats, and two Danish ftigates and a corvette, six miles off the Is- land, which had terminated in favour of tho Danes. In this encounter the Austrian frigate Schwartzenberg was set on fire and lost her foremast and bowsprit, and had over 10O men killed and wounded. On board the Badetzky, the other frigate, the loss was thirty-six killed or woundod. The Danish loss was trifling, and they succeeded in com- pelling their enemies to take shelter in British waters, where wo have one man-of war, the Aurora, under Lieutenant Olintock, cruising and watching. The news of this Danish viotory caused immense joy in Eog land, and tho announcement in the HOUBO of Commons was received with vociferous cheer- ing from all sides of the House. These demon- strations of tho abhorrence ia which we hold the conduct of Germany, coming upon so signal a defeat, ronsed the most violent ani- mosity at Vienna and Berlin. One Austrian paper, enraged by the " infamous storm of ap- plause" to which I have alluded, threatens na with a continental league, in which Prance is to be included. Another paper says: " Germany will never forget the 9th of May. We will engrave that day on our memory, which has carried outrage to its highest point. The English have now succeeded in lighting up a flame of batrod from one end of Germany to the other. They would have it ; let their wish be accomplished! A day will come when wo will settle accounts with our arrogant neighbours across the sea." Con- trary to the spirit of the armistice, another Austrian squadron, has sailed for the North Sea or Baltic, to be in readiness, on the ex- piration of the term of suspension, to renew battle and recover their lost laurels. Two sittings of the Conference were held on the 12th and the 17th inat., but, owing to the immense divergence in the views of the several Powers represented, no basis could be arranged. After a discussion of three hours, the Conference was adjourned for ten days, by which date half the month's armistice will have expired. As matters stand, Prussia appears to be lord of the situation; and powers who will not go to war must either assent to Bismarck's propositions or quietly withdraw. The German powers repudiate altogether their treaty engagements towards Denmark, asserting that the war has re- leased them from all International obliga- tions relating to the Danish state. The Danish plenipotentiaries, on the other hand, insist on the provisions of tho London Treaty as binding on all its aignataries, and in this view they are supported by the neutral powers. According te a Frankfort journal, Prussia demands the complete autonomy oí the duchies-their merely personal union with Denmark- material guarantees, auch as the conversion of Kiel and Rendsburg into Federal fortresses-and the maintenance of the view held by the Diet on the succes- sion question. We hear little now of the claims of the pretender. It is generally be- lieved that Prussia is determined, by hook oi by crook, to keep the conquered provinces foi herself. The King has actually agreed to pa; the preliminary expenses of witting a canal to connect the Baltic with the Northern Sea -a work which would wrest the key of the Baltic out of the hands of Denmark. Biron von Beust has been to Paris, and has had in terviews with the Emperor and his Foreigr Secretary. The French solution is, to resorl to a plebiscite, and abide by the vote of po 5ulatlons terrorized by the German military 'hat wonld bo delightful freedom of election " It is clear," Bays the Spectator, that the conference is only an expedient for decentlj veiling for England that facilis descensus avtrn which our diplomatists were treading rapidl] enough before, but with so little satisfactior to the nation that they were obliged to haltoc casionally, face about, and make as though In cllned to retrace their stops, until this liappj expedient for smoothing the downward roae waB at last achieved. The history of this ne gotiation, as regards England, is the historj of weak, well-intentioned irresolution catching at excuse after excuse for yielding i new step.The Prussian Governtnen has reason to be proud of its position. AU it opiates to England have taken effect ; am even now, when she confesses openly that th Brat opiate she administered-the treacherou note of the Slst January, accepting pro tem pore the Treaty of London-was a mere tricl which has done Ita work, Lord Russell, unde the stupefying influence of the Conference talks almost deliriously of the decisions to b arrived at by the Conference. ' I am not sui prised,'he Bays, 'that the Conference whb met on the 25th of April has not in fourtee: days come to a conclusion upon question which have created so much difference e opinion for fourteen years.' " i There was news yesterday from Vienna, b way of Berlin, to the effect that the Britts Government, finding that the proposed pei Bonal union of the Duchies with Denmar cannot be realised, or that it contains tb germs of future trouble, have abandoned tb Treaty of 1862, and proposed that Souther Schleswig shall be united with Holstein. I form an Independent German state ; and tai the northern half of that province aha te absolutely annexed to Denmark. Ti " personal union " not only means ti ahadow without the substance, but thi Germany shall have opportunity of evei tually absorbing the whole of the tw DuchieB. There seems no doubt that ti Danes desire above all things such a fi.ni settlement of the complicated Schleswig-He stein question a« would entirely free the from German intervention. And the sehen referred to, though involving a sacrifico tho sovereign rights of the King of Denmar is well adapted to fulfil this condition. If ti report be true, the Conference, which i assembles on Saturday, la likely to have t easy task, and the armistice will be only prelude to permanent peace. But tho s rangement would no doubt occasion mut angry debate in Parliament, if it did not lei to a Ministerial crisis. THE NEW HOLY ALLIANCE. A few monthB ago, I called attention in o: of my letters to certain ominous signs of growing intimacy between the Govornmeu of the three Northern Powers, the co-partnt in Polish spoliation, which boded no good civilization and freedom. Very recentt y doe mentaiy evidence of this complicity for di potic purposes has come to light. In t Daily Netos of the 16th inet will be foui some important observations on a corr pondence which has been going on I j the last four months between the Cabirn of St. Petersburg, Berlin, and Vienna, extracts from which havo already been given to the public in foreign journals. The coirespondence shows that a secret un- derstanding bos all along existed between the three despotio powers as to the assault made by the Allies on Denmark, and suggests the extreme probability that the pretensions urged by the latter in the Conference will be guile- fully but persistently supported by the Russian plenipotentiaries. It seems that Russia, in exchange for Prussian and Austrian aid in crushing the Polish insurrec- tion, and in consideration of an alliance offensive and defensive between the three Courts to resist the formation of a powerful Scandinavian kingdom, whioh would militate against her maritime ascend- ancy in the Baltic, has engagod to givo her snpport to the policy of the two military powers of Germany in regard to the Duchies. On the other hand, between Austria and Prussia a compact has been made to guaran- tee the Italian possessions of tho former against any attack by the Kingdom of Italy, The despatch of Prince Qortechakoff, whioh supported the maintenance intact of the in- tegrity of the Danish monarchy, was written to paralyse the warlike tenden- cies of England, and was forwarded to the Prussian Government with a con- fidential communication explaining to M. Bismarck the motives and objects which dictated it. On the whole, it may be gleaned from this correspondence that Buasia has offered to support, "by all means," the sepa- ration of the Daohies from Denmark, and their union with Germany, on condition that the German powers unite with her in pro venting ¡the aggrandisement of Sweden. It behoves UB to keep our eyes on these canning foxes. It is reported, moreover, that the three Northern Sovereigns are to have an interview a few weeks hence. May their knavish tricks be utterly confounded. Whether the new League of Despots have other aims besides those just indicated, time alone can disclose. But those who are han and glovo in Europe are scarcely likely to come to blows on the confines of Asia. Yet we are quite at a loss to know what to moko of some extraordinary intelligence which came from tho East ten days ago. We are told that on the 28th of April, General Kot zebue, in command of 60,000 Russians, had encamped "at the mouth of the Danube," and was to be joined by 20,000 more ; Austria is moving an army towards Servia ; Turkey has increased her army in Roumelia to 150,000 men, and tho fortresses in the Black Sea and the Dardanelles are to be immediately armed. Meanwhile, the Principalities are in a state of great disquie- tude, and Prince Couza has accomplished a coup d'etat by dissolving a refractory Chamber which had refused to examine an electoral law prepared by the Ministry. As if antici- pating hostilities, the Russian Government has prohibited the exportation of horses from the southern provinces of the Empire, What can all this marshalling of hosts mean? Is the Eastern question about to be re-opened, in accordance with some settled secret pro- gramme? Is the partition of the "Bick man's" lands at hand ? RUSSIAN ATROCITIES IN THE CAU- CASUS. Just at this juncture we are startled and horrified by a tragic story, without parallel in modern times. A letter from Constanti- nople to The Times, tells us that the atroci- ties of Buena in the Caucasus have culmi- nated in the flight and self-expatriation of the surviving remnant of a noble nation, Having lost all hope of resisting their cruel oppressors and exterminators, the Circassians, to the number of 300,000, have resolved upon abandoning their country. 30,000 have al- ready crossed the inhospitable sea, and sought an asylum in Turkey, and myriads more ore waiting on the coasts to follow. The Bcenea of destitution, disease, suffering, and death, both on the passage and on lana, are horrible and heartrending. The Sultan and his Go- vernment are doing much for the poor fugi- tives, but they are at their wlts'-end to know how to meet the emergency. 20,000 men are to be drafted into the Turkish army ; a com- mission is appointed to provide transport : and funds are being raised for the relief and settlement of the immigrants. Appeals have been published in our papers to the gene- rosity of the English people, which, it l8 ba- lle ved, will not be made in vain. THE AMERICAN CIVIL WAR. Recent Transatlantic news has revived the languishing interest of this country in the terrible conflict which is going on between the two sections of the Republic. For four or fivo weeks we have had nothing else but tidings of Federal disasters and defeats. Their magnificent expeditions Into the remoter parts of the enemy's territory, from which so much was expected, have nearly all miscar- ried. The series of invasions, projected In accordance with what is called the " scatteration policy," oponed with Sher- man's mysterious advance from Vicks burg. Wonderful results were predicted from this movement, but it issued in a harmless promenade to Meridian, and a hasty march back again, with severe lossos, The other threatening demonstrations against Southern independence havo been no loss unfortunate; and tho recoil inflicted on General Banks has proved one of the greatest Federal calamities of the war. The earliest scanty advices of this event were telegraphed to you last month, but it is only now that wo are in possession of anything like reliable details of the series of disastrous engagements which have proved so fatal to the reputation and prospects of Banks. The first estimates of the Federal losses were extravagantly con- tradictory-one side fixing them at 2,000 and the other at 14,000. Official accounts from the North at last admit that 6,000) men were sacrificed, while competent private autho- rities state that 10,000 would be under the mark. The Ecenc of this great Federal discomfiture was on the Bed River, in Western Louisiana. This river, it may be explained, descending from the north-west, debouches on the western bank of the Mississippi, about 200 miles from New OrleanB. It was on the 10th of March that Banks, after a consulta- tion with Sherman, started upon his ill starred expedition. Tho immediate design was to take Shreveport-a post of some importance high up the stream. He had, therefore, to traverse a distance of about 300 miles, passing through Alexandria and Nat chitoches. The région is fertile in cotton and other products. During the Biege ofVloks burg tho garrison of that stronghold had boen supplied from that district, and Shreveport had been the depot of such supplies. To de- stroy that town, then, and plunder its stores, fired the ambition of Banks. A large haul of cotton might tend to relieve the gold market. The number of troops under his command is stated at 80,000 men, in addition to whom he had the co-operation of the fleet On the lGth of March the army bad reached Alexandria, and on the 21st Natchitoches. There they seem to have rested awhile We next hear of them at Pleasant-hill on April 8, on their ad- vance to Shreveport, in loose and straggling array, andwitb no fear of an enemy before their eyes. The Confederates, however, had by this time concentrated their forces, and were pre- pared lor the intruders. /The Federal cavalry, neatly 0,000 strong, together with the artillery and a waggon train, were advancing between two woods fivo miles ahead of the infantry, when they were sharply attacked by the Con- federates on each side of the rood, and were driven back upon the main body. On the following day, according to the correspondent of the Daily Hews, Banke's advanced guard, consisting of about 1,600 men, came up, and found 15,000 Confederates, under Kirby Smith, in position. Notwithstanding the disparity of force, the Federals engaged them, and were of course speedily driven from the field, with heavy loss. Presently another division of about the same strength came up, forced its way through the rout, met with the same fate, and fell back, adding to the general confusion, and filling the road with a wild mass of panic-Btricken fugitives. Towards evening of the samo day the 19th corp*. 7,000 strong, arrived on the field, got through the ruck with great difficulty, and received the onset of the enemy, who waa ad- vancing in all the disorder and self confidence of victory, and checked and drove him back by a few well-directed volleys. The flying fugitives were thus arrested, and the Federal trains wero saved from capture. It was not until noon, on the lOtb, that Banks had con- centrated and reorganised his scattered and demoralized army, and taken up a posi- tion at a spot called Pleasant-hilL His cavalry were sent out in search of the Confederates, who were discovered to be advancing in force. They came on, and charged impetuously up the ridge on which the Federals were posted,broke their first line, and gained the crest of the ridge. But bera they wore assailed by the fire of nearly 10,000 infantry, who had been lying down bebind the hill- top. as well as that of half-a-dozen batteries. The slaughter was so terrible that the Confederates broke, and retreated in considerable disorder, pursued for two or three miles, losing a por- tion of the guns they had capturad . the previous day, as weil as several of their own. Banks, however, was far too seriously crippled to continue the pursuit He bad simply saved himself from annihilation. Yet this engagement-a drawn battle at best-was trumpeted through the North as a splendid victory. The sanguine fools imagined that the Confederates were effectually done for, and that, despairing of their fortunes, tbey would fall back into Texas. The illu- sion .was Boon dispelled. An ultra-North- ern writer admits that Banks, unques- tionably, got the worst of it, the only re Bult of the conflict of the last day being to enable him to retire unmolested. His losses, hesidea from 5,000 to 10,000 men, were twenty guns at least, an immense quantity of stores, and a million dollars in money. Since the 10th Banks has been in constant retreat, although all the while putting in circula- tion reports of an intention to renew the contest. The first day he fled thirty-five miles to Grand Ecore, with baggage, cannon, and wounded, the Confederate cavalry at his heels,, harassing and captur- ing all stragglers. Arrived thero, ho had once more the support of his gunboats. Most unfortunately for him, just at this critical juncture, the waters of the Red Elver fell, leaving forty transports aud gunboats stranded, and cutting off all communications -with Alexandria and the Mississippi. Had thiB state of things continued for a few days only, the r Federals would have been absolutely at the mercy of Kirby Smith and his followers. The river rose again, however, as suddenly as it had fallen, and Banks was saved. An attack on his position at Grand Ecore is threatened The blundering displayed throughout this whole affair by the civilian general, exoltes the derision and delight of the "West Pointers, who are not displeased to see Banks's humi- liation ; while in Washington no little satisfac- tion is felt at a disgrace which utterly ruins the candidature of Banks for the Piesident ship. Mr. Lincoln has ono rival the less in the field. THE MASSACRE AT FORT PILLOW. This fort is situate on tho right bank of the Mississippi, about 100 miles north of Mom pbia ; It commands a bend of the river, and gives to a well- equipped garrison the can tro' of the navigation between Memphis and Cairo. It was until lately held for the Fe derals by Major Booth aud COO men, rathei with the intention of overawing the rebel in habitants of surrounding districts, than witt any idea of its ever being required to staj the march of a Confederate army. It wai too far in the rear to be relied on as other wise than locally serviceable. It seems, how- ever, that General Forrest, operating in the rear of ¡General Sherman's army, seized the opportunity of the latter's movement west ward towards Selma, to make hiB appear- ance suddenly before Fort Pillow, and de mand ita surrender, which was Bteadily ¡re fused. Twice during the assault the Oonfcde rate General Bent in a flag of truce to réitérât his demand, and each timo he employed thi interval duting which fighting had ceased te manouvre his troops so as to place them ir a more favourable position. The place wai at length stormed in a rush by overwhelmlnj numbers and with a comparatively ttlQmf loes of life. Major Booth was killed, ant shortly afterwards the defences were carried Hereupon ensued a scene, which, If one hal of the details be true, reflect ineffaceable in famy on the Confederates. An lndiscriml nate massacre took place, in which betweer 300 and 400 white and negro prisoner were slaughtered. The following particular of the feiocioua butchery are from the pon o the special correspondent of the Bpcctatot '* The whito officers," he BayB, " who had laie down their arms on the surrender wero Bho and sabred where they Btood. and the negroes who, as was natural under the circumstances fled in confusion, were puwued and slough tered in their flight. The wounded wer killed aa tbey lay on the ground, or on thei painful travel to the hospital. In the hospita itself many of the wounded werekilled, theres were driven out, and the hospital was burned The victors broke up into parties which wen about raving for the blood of negroes, ani especially for that of white officers of negr troops. Tbey killed these in whatever atat they found them, whether unharmed or help leas and speechless from their wounds; ani many of their bodies they flung down th banka into the river. This of course Boon di lead to indiscriminate slaughter. Non-com bâtants, who had sought refuge within th. forts, were put to death, negro women ani children were killed in cold blood, an the dead, and it is said even the wounded were thrown into a heap and burnec Some of those who had escaped from th burning hospital, but who of courso coul not leave the works, when overtake claimed to be treated as prisoners of wai but tbey were ordered into line an shot. Dead and wounded were hastil buried together,-two of tho wounded bavin bad life and strength enough to crawl out t their hastily made and hurriedly filled grave The loss of life on tho part of the defenders e the fort during the fighting was not grea and the third assault was successful. : seems, from the insufficiency of tho garriso to defend such an extensive line of work General Forrest having dnring the two truce so disposed his men that he could bring hi superior numbers against all the three lan aides of tbe fort at onco. But in spite of ti comparatively slight losa of life during tt attack and defence, out of the garrison of CK only 200 are now alive. The negro trooi were 350 in number, and of these we are to' that only fifty-six escaped death, while ' their white officers not one was spared, ( the Thirteenth Tennessee, which regime! and the negro troops made up the garriso it is said that only four officers escape death." TheEe horrible atrocities have very nat' rally roneed a feeling of bitter exaaperatlc -in the North, and measures of retaliatio have been publicly threatened by Mr. Lincol Before a policy of retribution, howevor, wi initiated, It became necessary to asoertal the correctness of the report. A commissic was accordingly sent by Congress to the spc to collect evidence of the massacre. TI facts elicited fully confirm the origin statement, and give a hideous plctu of inhumanity and vlndlctiveness. TI details of cruelty are quite fiendis Ko denial, explanation, or extenuarle has at present been attempted I tho Richmond authorities. Such atr cities are evidently sanctioned hy the Sont ern Government, in accordance with i intimation given at the time the Federt adopted the policy of enrolling negroes fight against their former masters. Get ia! Chalmers, it appear», after the mi sacre, told a Federal officer that it w their intention to show no mercy to Bout ernera serving in the Union army, or negroes, but the genuine Yankee would treated as a prisoner of war. If ti be true, the war will degenerate into one savage ferocity and ruthless vengeance. T North, happily, has not yet decided on havl recourse to bloody reprisals, and Its be friends earnestly deprecate its taking a at Eo false and fatal. It is easy to talk of reta ation, but not so to discover a mode of infill ing retribution without imitating the ve crimes and iniquities that are so strone reprobated in the case of the Soul To slay innocent prisoners in cold bloe in expiation of the guilty outrages the slaveholders, would be to degrade the Federal Government to the same level of brutalized inhumanity. It would be both a blunder and a crlmo. At the same time Borne means must be found for affording pro- tection to the negroes who have taken mili- tary service with the Federals. CAPTURE OF PLYMOUTH. Almost simultaneously with the oheck in Louisiana was the surrender to the Confederates of Plymouth, in North Carolina, situate at the mouth of the Roanoke River, in Albemarle Sound. It was in this locality that the Federals achieved some of their earliest conquests, but their footing ia the state has for some time been becoming pre- carious, and the recent loss of Plymouth and Newbern has dealt a serious blow at their ascendancy, while it has relieved the Con- federates of all anxiety as regards the ad- vance of the enemy on Richmond from that side. Plymouth was attacked on the 17th ult. by a land force under General Ran- some. The attack was gallantly repulsed, mainly by the fire which the Federal gunboats on the Roanoako Blver were able to direct against the assailants. On the following day, however, the Confederates renewed the struggle, and this time on the element which is supposed to be espe- cially favourable to the North. The mauner in which they did this shows how far inge- nuity and ability can compensate for that deficiency in material resources, which, ac- cording to Northern prophet«, was long ago to have been fatal to Southern independence. A Confederates ram put in a sudden and unex- pected appearance, with four ironclad gun- boats in her wake. But the venturouB and plucky ram was enough for the Federal squa- dron. She speedily sank ordisperseditwithout so much as firing a single shot, and remained sole mistress of the river, cutting off the garrison from its communications. Plymouth was again assaulted, and this time captured, with 1,600 prisoners and 30 guns. The ram co-operated with General Hoko, shelling the town at its leisure, ¡subsequent advices an- nounce the evacuation of Washington, in North Carolina, by the Federals, and the in- vestment of Newbern by tho Confederates. To the pieceding might be added many minor disafcters, in Florida, Kentucky, and other states; indeed, the accounts by the last month's mails have mode up an almost un- varying tale of Northern defeat and retro- gression. Alarmed by these continuous successes of the Confederates, President Lincoln has been urged to call for 260,000 more soldiers. His calls hitherto, however, have not been very cordially responded to. Scarcely a third of tho last demand has been forthcoming, and the long-threatened draft appears to be quite relinquished. Had an attempt been made to enforce it, serious commotions would have Veen excited in the great Northern cities. For the nonce, the patriotic Governors of tho five Western States of Wisconsin, Indiana, Iowa, Ohio, and Michigan, have come to the rescue. With the view of enabling the President to reinforce the armies of Generals Grant and Thomas with all the veteran troopB now doing garrison duty in dis- tricts remote from the scene of war, they have jointly offered to raise 100,000, men, to serve for 100 days - to be clothed, aimed, and equipped at the ex- pense of the Federal Government. The offer has been gladly accepted, and Con- gress has voted a large sum for the purpose. These volunteers aro to do garrison duty in their respective states. Under these difcouraging circumstances the Federals bave been for some time making gigantic preparations for what is generally believed will prove the last campaign in Virginia. The best armies ever mustered by North and South have confronted eaoh other, on the wide field between Washington and Richmond, and tidings of a mighty collision have been anxiously expected by every suc- cessive mail. The plans of the opposing commanders have for once been kept pro- foundly secret. The numbers composing each host, the exact position of the respective corps, and'the spot where the blow might ultimately fall, have been carefully concealed from the knowledge of every one except the highest military authorities. Orant is Íilaced in supreme command of the Northern brees, and his plan of operations, it is said, is not disclosed even to the President himself. Newspaper correspondents are banished from the Federal camps, and all telegraphic news passes through the Govern- ment offices. All kinds of conjectures are rife, but so discrepant and contradictory are they that they are not worthy of repetition. Grant is generally supposed to have fully 200,000 men in leash for the new dash at Richmond, and the attack is expected to be made from three quarters-by the Rappahannock, by the Yorktown Peninsula, and by the She- nandoah Valley. The Richmond Govern- ment have made prodigious exertions to reinforce Lee. Tue greater part of Beauregard's command has been with- drawn from South Carolina for this purpose, and with it the clever creole himself. Long street ÍB believed to bo in the neighbourhood of the Southern capital. The shock cannot be long delayed. Meanwhile, financial embarrassments are rapidly thickening around the people of the North. An alarming panic has spread among the commercial classes, and a tre- mendous collapse is evidently close at hand. Gold has oscillated between 170 and 189, and should Fedeial disasters continue, will speedily be at 100 per cent, premium, or in other words 100 dollars in greenbacks will be worth only fifty dollars in gold. To keep fold at its present quotation, Mr. Chase has been compelled to tamper with the market by a forced emission of the precious metal from the Government treasury. But this resource will soon be exhaused; it is an expedient which cannot last, and will only render the catastrophe more terrible when it comes. After so long contemning the warnings and scorning the advice of their English friends in reference to the inevitable consequences of their financial recklessness, tho Americans are now begin ning to be really alarmed at the vortex which is engulphing them. Now that the nation is flooded with hundreds of millions of de preciated paper, now that the cost of articles of every description is enormously augmented and the working classes in the midst of profligate extravagance, find themselves scarcely able to live, Mr. Chase is turning his attention in earnest to taxation. But even this partakes of the ruling fever and madness of the hour. A graduated and cumulative income-tax has been levied, which will be sure to be evaded. Congress has suddenly imposed an additional duty of thirty-three per cent, on all European importations during the next two months ; and, with characteristic inconsistency, the American ladies have simul taneously inaugurated a movement for the disuse of all foreign luxuries during the con tinuance of the war. The New York Legis lature has set a flagrant example of repudia tion. by passing a resolution to pay the public debt in depreciated greenbacks, instead of sterling gold, thus robbing the state creditors to the extent of forty-five per cent. TEN DAYS OF BATTLE. Since the above was penned, we hav tidings that the long-expected struggle ha commonced. Tho telegraphic intelllgenc comes down to the morning of the 13ti when, after a series of desperately contesto battles, accompanied by unparalleled cai nage, the issuo was still undecided. Lix however, had twice retreated, and by latee accounts had crossed the Po. The order to cross the Rapidan was give: early on Tuesday, May 8, and was effecte during the afternoon of that and tho whole c the following day without molestation. Sede wick commanded the left wing, Hancock th right, Warren the centre, and Barnsido too the reserve. Each division was computed t be about 80,000 strong. On Thursday mon ing, May 6, the whole army, with its suppl trains, which had got safely across the rive on Wednesday night, moved forward. The bad hardly got into motion when it becam known that Leo's army was advancin upon them. The right wing and conti were in line by eleven o'clock, ths Iel had turned from ita original line < march, and was ordered to take a cross' road to complete the formation of tho line of battle. Meanwhile, a detachment was pushed forward from the centre, to ascertain Lee's position and strength. They came upon the enemy aftor advancing about a mile and a half, and found him in unexpected force, and were driven back upon the main body with severe lose. It was then that General Lee discerned tho weak point in the Federal line, and at once attempted to cut off Hancock, who bad not had timo to form. To relieve bim from the peril in which he WB9 placed, Sedgwick waa ordered forward to attack, and the completion of the line of battle waa accomplished by Hancock under a terrific fire of musketry. The dense under- ground of the country prevented the employ- ment of artillery. The Federals lost about 1,000 men that day, but Grant had prevented Lee from crushing him before he had had time to mass his men after the passage of tho Rapiden. On the following day, Friday, May 6, tho struggle was resumed by an attack made upon the Federal right wing by the Confede- rates, under the command of General Ewell, It was repulsed, and immediately the left was assailed by Longstreefc. This attack was also repulsed, after two hours' hard fight. The light was once more assailed by more formidable numbera, but a second time Ewell was driven back to his second line. JFrom noon to five o'clock thero was a succession of fierce assaults, but without any permanent change in the positions held by the combátante respectively. The day was excessively hot, and the men wero exhausted. About half-past five, Longstreet, with troops newlv arrived from Orango Court House, and Hill's corps, made a fiorco rush upon the Federal loft, forced it back, and threw Motts division into confusion. The left centre was compelled by this movement to give way. There was danger of a break. But General Hancock ordered Colonel Carroll's brigade to form at right angles with hie own Uno, and to sweep along the whole front of It, and so take the assail- ants in flank. Tho movement was exocuted with complete success, and the Confederates repulsed with terrible slaughter. The battle was not yet over. After sunset the Confede- rates made a new and fiercer attaok. It waa this time against Sedgwick. On his extreme right lay a patt of his division undor Gene- ral Seymour, and they wero at work intrenching themselves when the enemy fell upon them. The main line stood firm, but this division of it gave way. Sedgwick's flank was turned in less than ten minutes, and Soymour'a brigade, panic-stricken, fled a mile and a-balf through the wood to a plank road in their rear. Sedgwick, however, re- trieved the honour of his corps, and main- tained his position to the close. The last blow seemed designed only to cover Lee's re- treat, which ho effected In good order during the night. We havo few details beyond this. We know that General Grant pushed forward in pursuit, and found his antagonist strongly posted at SpottBylvania Court- house, on the river Po, and that after heavy skirmishing on Sunday, 8th May, he attacked his enemy along his whole line on Tuesday, the 10th, tbe telegrams say, with no decisive result. That Lee has severely suffered there can be no doubt. LongBtreet is severely wounded, Pegram badly BO, and Jenkins is killed. On the other hand, Sedgwlok is killed. The losses of officers and men on both Bides must have been frightful, if there bo an approximation to the truth in the esti- mate which the Federals havo given of their own-namely, above 40,000 men in killed, wounded, and missing. Yesterday, tho City of Washington arrived with advices from New York to tho 14th. On the 12tb, it appears, the battlo between Grant and Leo was raging furiously, and with vary- ing success. With evety effort Grant had failed to penetrate the Confederate lines. Lee bad changed his position, and Grant was receiving large reinforcements. Hancock had captured the Confederate rifle pita with 4,000 prisoners. Federal cavalry had destroyed portions of railroad in Lee's rea. Sigel bau destroyed Gharlotteavllle, Lynchburg, and Gordon- ville road. Butler was advanoing against Drurys Bluff ; but Banks had been compelled to retreat from Alexandria, cn routs to Semmesport. She Times' correspondent sends the follow- ing telegraphio details : " Official and other despatches from To field, in Virginia, to eight o'clock of the 18th, Bhow Hancock's achievement on Thursday to have been less decisive than was at first represented ; but two generals, Edward John eon and Gcorgo Stewart wore taken prisoners. Of the cannon reported captured, many re- mained on disputed ground on Thursday night, while it is not perfectly clear that a number of them were not rev-captured by the Confederates. " No Buccess whatever attended the Federals at. other points of the lino, their assaults against Lee's centre and left being Invariably repulsed with great slaughter, and at nightfall the Confederates maintained their position in Spottsylvania Oouit houae. " Yesterday (tho 18th) at daybreak, it was discovered that during the night Lee had withdrawn across the River Po, it is believed to occupy a stronger, position on the North and South Anna Rivers. Grant is represented to bo in pursuit, but, as the roads are in a bad condition after the heavy fall of rain amid which the battle was fought, he will havo con- siderable difficulty in following. "The carnage of Thursday Is described as awful, and the men on both Bides to havo fallen like grain. No estimate of the loss is given. " There is a report that Sigel hat cut the Virginia Central Railway between Charlottea- ville and Lynchbuig, and another report that bo has been attacked and defeated by the Confederates under Breckenridge. " Information was received at Now Orkans on the 7th instant that Forrest's cavalry had gained possession of all Sherman's railway communications, and had also destroyed several Federal transports on tho Tenneaseo and Cumberland Rivers. " Letters from New Orleans to the 7th an- nounce that Banks Is endeavouring to roach Braehenr city, with his army, his retreat from Alexandria, vid the Red Rlvor, being cut off by the erection of Confederate battorles on the banks of that stream. The stoamers Ohio, Bedll, Laurel Hill, Bella Donna, and Mittie Stephens, with supplies and reinforce- ments for Banks, have been sunk or cap- tured below Alexandria. All Admiral Porter's gunboats are abovo the falls of the Red River ; and, as tbe Confederates have turned the waters of tho river into other channels, their capture is considered inevitable. "Major-General M'Dowull has been ap- pointed to tho command of the military de- partment of the Pacific, and will leave for Calilornla immediately. This step is sup- posed to havo been tasen in view of the possi- bility of a rupture with France- on the Mexican question. " The House of Representatives, on Wed- nesday, adopted a resolution to drop from the army rolls all unemployed general officers, including Generals M'Clollan and Fremont, Yesterday, it passed the bill giving to soldiers and Bailors, both white and coloured, home atetada from confiscated Confederate estates." This afternoon wo have received the fol- lowing fresh telegram, dated May la, even- ing: ''News received from General Grant up till noon to-day states that he was yesterday still pushing on in Lee's retreat. Reliable reports from Cincinnati reiterate that General Sherman has captured Dalton, with 6,000 prisoners and ten guns. The Govornor ol Kentucky baa issued a call for 10,000 troops, to serve for six months, to come to the rescue of the country, finish tho war, and save the Government. Another account gives some additional par- ticulars as follows, and notably a report that General Lee was In Richmond,wounded :-"Ge- neral Lee is in full retreat from Spottyslvanla Court-bouse- whether towards Gordonsvllle or Richmond is uncertain, leaving twenty eight cannon, 15,000 prisoners, and dead and wounded roughly, and perhaps unreliably, es- timated at 85,000 more, in the hands ol General Giant. There was a desperate assault on Thursday morning, but the Confederates failed to recover their losl ground, and on Thursday night, undei cover of darkness, retreated. Part of Wright's and Hancock's divisions wero despatched In pursuit at early dawn, and came up with the rear- guard at half-post six a.m. The whole army is to follow, but heavy rains have ob structed the roads, rendering pursuit difficult The Federal loss is thus far estimated al 40,000. Two-thirds of the wounded, the sur- geon-general states, will take the field .agolo in thirty dajs. Reinforcement.) were hurrying forward to General Ornat from Washington. On May 10 General Sheridan struck the Orange railroad, destroying ten miles of the Toad and large '.quantities) of supplies." Gene- ral Siegel is reported to have destroyed the railway between Oharlottesvilie and Lynch bmg ned Cbarlottesville arfi'Kc-Bwick, so that Danville Road is the only line of cOmmrinica tion with the South open,!aud Goneral Kintz, with cavalry, has started from B ikor to cut off this me ans of supply. General Lne's army is already reported to bj exhausted; and Petersburg papers report Lee in Richmond, wounded. , !, THE DEPARTURE OF GARIBALDI. '. The commotion arising out of the sudden departure of our illustrious Italian guest, after lasting two or three weeks, is Blowly subsid- ing. The atmosphere of suBploion has been somowhat disinfected and purified, although misunderstandings survive every explanation, and which will probably never be fully re- moved from a certain class of minds. It will be remembered that at tho close of the Sbakspearian demonstration on Primrose hill, on the 23rd ult, an adjourned meeting, duly announced, took place, for the purpose of denouncing the Government for its sup- posed interference with the Garibaldian ova- tion and its arbitrary conduct in forcing his abrupt departure. It is much to be regretted that the meeting was not allowed to proceed Without interruption. The effervescence of a number of distempered and disappointed in- dividuals, claiming to be friends of the great Hero par excellence, would have healthily expended itself in the fresh open air, and in a few days the irritating topic would have died away. Unfortunately, however, the police, acting upon general instructions in reference to public assemblages in the parks, forcibly interfered, stopped the chairman in his harangue, and dispersed the meeting, amidst great confusion. Here was a now grievance, and a dreadful aggravation of the original offence. The right of publio meeting, and the freedom of discussion, were in imminent jeopardy. The conduct of the Home Secretary was arraigned in Parliament, but Sir George Grey fully vindicated himself from all responsibility in the matter. At- tempts were then made to fasten blame on Sir Richard Mayne and Mr. Cowper with equal non-success. It was clearly Bhown that the police were alone accountable for the suppression of the meeting. The Ministry had taken no step to stifte the free utterance of any animadversions upon its alleged intervention, as was recklessly as- serted. Thereupon arose a blatant cry that our liberties were in danger-that our Mi- nistry were aping the Napoleonio regime. A real political grievance, or even the semblince of one, is so rare a thing in our day, that the noisy democrats determined to create Borne capital out of this question ; and a reso- lution was arrived at by the Garibaldian Working Man's Committee, to hold a mon- ster meeting on Primrose-hill with the view of testing their assumed 'right. Government very wisely refrained from all Interference, and the affair passed off quietly and harm- lessly enough. Not more than 1,000 persons, it is reported, were present. The only remarkable ciroumstan.ee con- nected with the meeting was the detailed account given by one of the speakers-Mr. Sbaen, solicitor-of what took place during that famous Sunday evening Interview which led to such a sudden and extraordinary change in the planB of Garibaldi. Accord- ing to this authority, it was certain repre- sentations of Mr. Gladstone, as the mouth- piece of the Government, which determined the General to cut short his visit and return to his island home. The conversation was detailed with such circumstantiality that many persons, hitherto sceptical, thought there must after all be something in the floating rumours. It had now become a matter of personal veracity - if not of positive falsehood yet of the svppressio tieri, certain to mislead. Mr. Gladstone hod pre- viously Btated to the House of Commons that the sole reason for the course of abstention urged upon the General was a consideration for his health. If Mr. Shaen's version was the correct one, that argument was merely a minor and fictitious one-a convenient pretence ; and the Chancellor of the Ex- chequer was publicly challenged to deny that it was not so. With admirable good senee and wise policy, Mr. Gladstono at once invited a deputation from the working mon to meet him, and receive from his own lips such explanations as were calculated to place this subject in its proper light. Accord- ingly, at the Interview on the 10th inst, without any display of resentment at the misrepresentations to which he had been sub- jected, be described with creditable pa- tience and candour all that bad passed be- tween himself and the general. Mr. Shaen avowed that his authority was Mr. Cowan, of Newcastle, a very intimate friend of Garibaldi, and who had received his information direct from the general himself. Mr. Gladstone, how- ever, explicitly denied thathohadused any lan- guage that could be held to justify the internro tatton which had been put upon It. " With respect to anything said about the Govern- ment wishing him to go, or that complica- tions would arise if he did not, it was not true. Nothing was said that could possibly bo so construed. There was nothing of a political character in tho conversation, So far from-as it has been stated- shifting my ground several times and returning to the attack, what I said I said at once and con- tinuously. Not one syllable about the desire of the Government that the general should leave escaped my lips; and I confess that I was never moro astonished-though I have been often greatly astonished-than when I read in print what was stated to have taken place. All that I said or did was to urge the general not to peril his health, and in giving this advice I was in a great measure guided by the letter of Mr. Fergusson. The general heard me with mnch attention, acknowledged that he felt great exhaustion, and said that as there would be considerable difficulty in selecting two or three towns to visit out of the number on his list, he should give up his tour altogether. He also added, that as his only motivo in coming to England was to thank the Government and the people for the assistance and sympathy thoy had given to his country, and as that had been accom- plished, be had better now return, and take another opportunity of visiting the English provinces. I can safely say nothing olso transpire»! between myself and the general of the slightest importance." We are bound fully to boliovo this frank and emphatio declaration ; and I am glad to say that the explanation is generally regarded as conclusive by the papers which were fore- most in imputing arbitrariness and subser- viency to foreign influence to the Govern- ment. But, then, how is Mr. Gladstone's dis- claimer to be reconciled with Garibaldi's con- viction ? For it ÍB certain that ho was under a strong impression that his presence was em- barrassing to the Ministry, and that his de- parture was earnestly desired by them. He invariably struck out from all the ad- dresses written for him all allusions to failing health as the cause of his departure ; and in his confidential communications with his friends he spoke of that step as having been decided on in deference to the wishes of the Government In attempting to solve this perplexing enigma, the baily News remarks: -"The mistake which those of his friends who bave taken Mr. Gladstone's advice amiss, and have commented on it, have made, was that of assuming that Garibaldi's conviction, instead of growing up In his mind ia the way of reflection and inference, must have boen produced by some direct and positive state- ment of Mr. Gladstono corresponding to it. Mr. Gladstono stated that ho hod not the smallest knowledge of the impression on the general's mind. This is to be regretted. It Is within our knowledge that on the Tuesday after the memorable Sunday night when Garibaldi's resolution was tatton, some wa tlemen, aware of the opinions whioh he had formed, and was expressing to his friend'!, took the trouble to point oat to a number of the gentlemen who were chiefly responsible for his departure the danger which existed that publio opinion might be misled. They said. ' Garibaldi is going away because be sin- cerely believes suoh a step is desired by the Government Everybody who hears him siy this will form his own opinion as to the reasons which have led him to think so, and most persons will believe that he must have been told so by the Govern- ment It will not be sufficient to deny that any pleasure has been put u|>on him by the Government. The thing to be done is immo dlately to remove the false impression from the general's mind.' This advice, whioh was surely not without reason, appeared to b) ac- quiesced in, but it seems not to have bien acted on, and muoh inconvenience has been the consequence. The facts, however, are now b«foro the public. The general's de- parture boa received all the explanation of which it is capable, and the public, satisfied by. Mr. Gladstone's clear statement on the most important, point in dispute, will be gltd to let the subject rest." The Spectator haslperhapi furnished the real key to the mystery. Rejecting the sup- position that the idea oi Government jealousy wa3 suggested to the General by the suspi- cious patriots who surrounded him,, tbe writer ascribes the strange Impression' to the fact that he is an Italian, and accustomed to deal with Italians, who, unlike straight forward Englishmen, leave their meant ing to be inferred. "Thus it is compre- hensible enough that when his great frierids began to be very anxious for his health, and even a Cabinet Minister carno to enforce tbeir forebodings, Garibaldi should at race conclude that something moro was meant than met the ear. An Italian would bave thought it simple rudeness to make any allusion to the secret motive which his friends obviously did not wish to avow, and Garibaldi Is a man of singular courtesy, lie no moro imagined that ho was imputing anything wrong or dishonest to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, than he thought that King Victor Emanuel had done anything discreditable when he put the letter forbidding his last unfortunate expe- dition into bis pocket, with tho remark that he knew what the King really wished. And so the comical spectacle ü presented to us of two men singularly truthful, and yet com- pletely misunderstanding each other. The Englishman Bays precisely what he means, neither more nor less, and by doing so mis- leads the Italian more effectually than if he bad romanced for an hour. Garibaldi is far too courteous to ask in plain terms whether the Government wish bim to go, anti Mr. Gladstone with equal courtesy abstains from -tolling bim that the Government does not care a straw abont the matter. . . . Gari- baldi looked for Mr. Gladstone's meaning not In what he said, but in what he proposed. The alleged regard for his health was a deli- cate piece of consideration, which it behoved him to reciprocate by doing what he waa wanted to do without showing that he saw that he was wanted to do it. So he sponta- neously did even more than was asked of him, and went away to Caprera to oblige a states- man who was perfectly willing that he should remain." On quitting our shores, the general left behind him a hearty greoting to all the representatives of the press, and an ad- dress to the people of England," full of grateful admiration of our institutions, and commending to " tbe most generous and saga- cious of nations" the cause of oppresied nationalities. The visit paid by the Prince of Wales to the great Revolutionary Leader, on the eve of MB quitting London, has excited a good deal of Burpriso and indignation in France. His admiration of and gratitude to England aro quite inexplicable among French- men. The general has arrived safely at Caprera His visit has beon the subject of keen debate in the Turin Parliament. The Garibaldian party, it is said, intend to alter their policy, and strive to grasp governmental power. Garibaldi declines the proposed sub- scription for the purchase of an estate in- itiated by the Stafiford House Committee. PAELIAMENTABY DOINGS. The great political event of the month is Mr. Gladstone's reform manifesto. Oa tho occasion of Mr. Baines's introduction of a bill for the extension of the franchise to a larger portion of the working classos, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in the absence of the Premier, delivered a speech on the Bub jeet wbicb filled the Government with dis- may, and both Whigs and Tories with astonishment and angor. To the ultra Liberals, however, tho roll of his elo- quent periods was as the trumpet blast of coming victory. At the close of his pronunciamento they felt and declared that they had found-what they have long been in search of-a leader. The clubs were thrilled by a new and un- accountable " sensation." The Spectator compare» the effects of Mr. Glandstone's democratic demonstration to the explosion of a mine |in the pseudo-Liberal camp. The Times thinks it is destined to form an era in the annals of party, and to in- fluence most materially the remainder oi bis political career. It has already excited the wildest hopes and most extravagant ex- pectations. Mr. Gladstone is spoken of as the foremost statesmen of the future-as the successor, in fact, to Lord Palmerston. The Premier's health has been very precarious of late ; for several weeks he has been suf- fering intensely from gout, and it was only last Thursday that he was able to resume his place on the Treasury bench. His re- tirement, for the sako of reat and peace, is spoken of as a very probable event. This would inevitably lead to a dissolution, and reconstruction of parties. We should have a transitional Tory regime for a short period, to be succeeded by the rule ol a consolidated and rclnvigorated Libaral party, under the leadership of Mr. Gladstone. A reform of the representation would bo one of bia cardinal measuiea; but if based, in accordance with his recent speech, on the natural right of all men not disqualified by crime to the exercise of the electoral fran- chise, it would encounter tremendous opposi- tion. As the moderate liberal organs point out very justly, to admit manhood suffrage would give us class legislation of the most unmitigated character. Education, wealth, and intelligence would all ba swamped bj mere numbers. THE NEW ZEALAND POLICY, t? Mr. Cardwell has begun his adminlstratloi of colonial affairs with great credit. In the debate raised on the 26th ult. by Mr. A Mill on the confiscation policy of New Zealand, hi stated that it was the intention of the homi Government to limit and restrain the opera tion of the acts passed by the local Legislatur. " within the bounds of equity aud justice.' There ia to be no indiscriminate coufiscatlor of native land as proposed by the colonia acts, but only the guilty are to suffer and every deprivation, of territory is te receive the previous sanction of the Governor A commission is to investigate each caso o conûecatlon as well as compensation, ane when peace is restored, a measure ia to bl brought before the Assembly of New Zealanc for bringing to an early termination the powers of tho act, and the Governor will issue a proclamation of an amnesty. There will bi found in the discussion a great deal of harsl and unjust criticism on the part of those pre jndiced and one sided Individuals who havi constituted themselves the champions of thi Maories. According to these men, none bu the white man can do wrong. Such senti ment?, bowover, aro not those entertained bj the great bulk of the English nation. THE SHAKSPEARE TERCENTENARY Tho Shaksperian fetes are over, to the great relief of everybody concerned. It hat long been evident to disinterested person that there waa no heart, no reality, no en thusiasm in the movement. From first te last it waa a got-np affair, the mostpromlnen actors being men who wero solioitoua of ob taining a little cheap notoriety in con nexlon with the glorious bard whom the] affected to honour. This was ospeolalli true of the London Committee, whicl was dominated by mon of intolerabli conceit and flagrant incapacity. Its who! history, from its inception to its collapse consisted of a series of petty intrigues astounding blunders, miserable quarrels, ant disastrous failures. A self-appointed body it commanded no respect; without plai or definite object, it Becured few adhe sions, and Blgnally failed in gathering th funds which its impotent ambition co vetted. Yet its professions bad been o the most grandiloquent kind. The work was led to believe that it would maki the past 23rd of April momorable ia th. annals of the metropolis by a national de monstratlon in honour of the great poet o humanity. The foundation-atone of a mona ment to his memory was to be laid lu th Green Paik amidst popular rejoicing!. O musical celebration thora was to bo a porfec glut-the Royal Italian Opera, Ex-tcrHall and St James's Hall vying wita otto! other in their homage to the ben of the day. There was, moreover, till of a grand bmquot at which the arts tocracy of mind and birth would mingle ii pleasant and elevating fellowship, preisldee over by some one com binnu at once nobilltj of geDluB and of ancestry, Nothiug, however of this brilliant présentaient wai realized The central c immomoration shrank down ti the most insignificant dimensions. Ther were a few dramatic performances at tin various metropolitan theatres, whick, accori ins to the general testimony of the dratnati critics, were marred by serious blemished. Ii the plays selected for performance, the poet was grievously dishonoured by the mutila- tion of several of his fairest creations. On Primrose-hill, an attempt was made at a precession of the working-classes, to wit- ness the planting of au oak "by Mr. Phelp3, which had been presented for the purposo by the Queen. Even here deception reigned, for the infant tree had been previously planted by a few practical gardeners, and so tho whole ceremony consisted in sprinkling it with water from tbe Avon, and aiming it after Shokspeure. Miss Eliza Cook was to have done the christening and recited a piena of ber own on the occasion, but she was ill, and notified her inability to attend to a Ia ly j named Banks, who appears to have construed that notification into an appointment of herself OB Miss Elizi Cooks substitute whereat that lady was wroth, and wrote to 7 ht Tim's repudiating the delegation, show- ing that poets are not less touchy than such tragedians as Messrs. Phelps and Fichter. However, deputed or not, Mrs. Binks spilled the f acred water, and named the tree : Mr. Marston recited Miss Cook's lines ; and Mr. Bardes pronounced a fervid oration on the great dramatist. The actors of course endeavoured to im- prove the occasion. Thero was a professional supper, at which a good deal of wine and speechifying flowed. There, however, the bad taste so characteristic of the entire com- memoration broke forth on two occasions -once almost profanely-instead of grace before meat, the Chairman said, "May good digestion wait on appetite, and health on both :" while for graco after meat he ejacu- lated, "For what we have received may the spirit of Shakspeare bless the meeting!" This pieco of vulgar profanity oontrists pain- fully .with the decorous and rêveront spirit prevailing at the Stratford festivities. On the evening of the 23rd, a concert took place at the Agricultural Hall ; and at the Crystal Palace a fine monument, designed by the late Mr. Thomas, was uncovered. It is erected in the centre of the upper tenace, and represents Shakspeare seated, supported by colossal figures of tragedyandcomedy. Facing the great orchestra has been placed a full Bized modol of ShakBpearo's houso, while the interior of the Palace was deoorated and fes- tooned with Shoksperlan mottos and momentos. Meanwhile, the national monument move- ment seems to have signally miscarried. A great Impetus was looked for from the city magnates ¡but with the fatuity or ill-luck which hascursedalltheüffortsof the ill starred committee, the important city meeting from whioh so much waB expected was actually called for the very day on which Garibaldi entered London. No one, of course, attended ; and when, after a considerable delay, the meeting really took place, how many, think you, were present? Well, just the LoruMayor, ono sheriff, one aldorman, one deputy, ana one member of the Stock Exchange. The latter gentleman was Mr. Lawrence, who, some months ago, was put forward to propose to the general committee the raising of £30,000 for a monument to Shakspeare, when the only reason he could give for this sum being fixed upon was becauso tho Scott monument at Edinburgh cost a cortain amount, and " he didn't see why Shakspeare should play second fiddle to Sir walter Scott" Not a single merchant or b inker, not one of the city members, vouchsafed to attend a meeting convened to listen to an appeal from tho Hon. W. Cowper, the Onief Commissioner of Works, Nevertheless, a City Committee was nominated ; but when subsequently called together to deliberate only three individuals were present, and so the city, like the general subscription, fell to the ground. The only practical fruit likely to come out of all these months of agitating and prospecta sing, is the foundation ol Shakspeare schools in connexion with the Royal Dramatic College, which will be worth a dozen stone monuments. But while the National Shakspeare Oom mittco has covered London with shame and confusion of face, Stratford has done befit' ting honour to itself and to its illustrious son. In spite of the repeated disaappoint ments inflicted through the jealousies ano heart burnings of distinguished professionals the fetes celebrated on the banks of the Avon passed off very creditably. The secessior of M. Fecher on the eve of the commemo ration, through the intriguing of the fimoui Mr. Bellew, was promptly repaired bj the generous aid of Mr. Backstone, Mr Sothtrn, Mr. Vining of the Haymarket and other eminent theatrical charac- ters. It is understood that the services oi all the leading artistes, including tho singers were gratuitous, and nover were performaucee given with more verve and spirit. It ii highly satisfactory to know that the co3t oi the commemoration waB fully defrayed by the Îiroceeds of the various entertainments. Bul OSBCB of other kinds havobeen sustained whicr are not likely to be speedily repaired, Th< anxietyandworryundorgoneformany month in the preliminaries of the festival, and it battling with tho .formidable obstacles con tinuBlly cropped up, have told fearfully on the physique of some of the energeth promoters. One gentleman plaintively de clares that he bas lost a stone and a half ii the good work. But depletion of anotbe: sort boa fallen upon another class - thi hungry, covetous, greedy sharks who onl; valued the commemoration os a favourable occasion for plunder on a grand scale They reckoned on levying their festiv contributions on the poor dupes who wer expected to flock to the shrino of Shakes peare; hut they havo been wofully mis taken. The rumour of their fabulous charg frightened hundreds away; and others, in stead of lodging in the town, preferred taklni tho midnight train and proceeding to Wai wick, to Leamington, to Coventry, and evei to Birmingham, to ovada the exactions of th Stratford pirates. Severe losses are accord ingly reported, A writer on the Bpot saya : " Twenty pounds paid for an eating-bouse fo the week, and not 20s. taken on the firs day ; more pounds than it would be saf to quote, paid for a large fumiahei mansion, and a maximum number c four tenants, occupying its vasty space a deserted tavern spruced up am furnished for the nonce to receive ty amount of patronago whioh will not pay fe the hire of the chattels wherewith it i spareely and cheaply decked out ; sleeping tooms duly contracted for in outlying vii Inges undeviatingly empty and desolate ; sue' are tho return* of killed and wounded whic are rapidly coming in. The colloquia1 ism, ' they opened their mouths too wide expresses the feeling of all but the sufferei themselves, and however proud corporal Stratford has cause to be of the doings of th past week, there is a substratum of bitter dil appointment pervading what is foolisbl termed ' the lower middle class.' " This 1 the dark reverse of the otherwise brigb medal. THE STEAM RAMS. The Confederate steam rams continue to furnish matter for altercation botween our legislators. Three acrimonious debates have taken place in Parliament since the last mail. On the 28th of April Mr. Peacock led an assault on Government for its inconsistent decisions and arbitraiy conduct towards the Tascaloosa, a prize of the Alabama, which had been ordered to ba seized for venturing into one of our South African harbours. The policy of Ministers was sus- tained by a majority of only thirty-four, in a foil House. On the following evening Earl Derby denounced the blundering meddle- someness of Earl Russell In detaining the Mersey rams, and contended that the Messrs. Laird had been treated with illegality and : oppression. The defence of the Foreign Sj i cretary was very lame and impotent. The third case was that of the Georgia, clandea I tinely built and equipped in the Clyde, which escaped from our snores, and commenced , depredations as a Confederate cruiser. She bas lately put into Liverpool harbour, 1 discharged her crew, and is offered for sale. Mr. Thomas Baring, in the interest of the North, Instigated our Government to BBÍZÍ the ship, but Parliament refused Its sanction to the step. It has just transpired', that Mcs3rs. Laird have Bold their steam rams to the Govern- ment, and the Impending trial, which was looked forward to with great interest as likely to furnish an authoritative exposi- tion of the Foreign Enlistment Act, is stopped in its initial stages. This issue will give general satisfaction. Alter the curious decision in the case of the Alex andia, It is at least doubtful whether the Gotuinment would have obtained a convic- tion in roferenco to the steam-rams. After what has happened, no British shipbuilder ia likely to run tbe risk of constructing war ships for the Confederates ; and the purchase of the formidable rams by the Government will dissipate the irritation that liai prevailed on tho other side of the Atlantic lest more vessels ehould bo st-nt from British ports to prey upon Northern commerce. THE ROYAL FAMILY. Moro than one occasion has offered daring the past week of evoking British loyalty to warda the head of the state and the Royal Family. , The Queen's birthday wat) cele- brated the day before yesterday with the cus- tomary pomp and rejoicing, for the first time since 1661. There was a review In St Jame3*s Paik In the morning; state banqueta and illuminations in the evening. Tbeonly matter for regret was the ahsenco of Her Majesty in the for north, on an occasion gladly seized upon by her subjects to testify their unabated attachment to her person. Last Wednesday week, also, the Prince of Wales, upon whom appropriately devolve some of the ceremonial obligations of the Sovereign, for the first time essayed the duties of chairman'at a public dinner, by presiding at the banquet of the Royal Literary Fund. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM- MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FBOU OUR OWN OOBEKSPONDENTO LONDON, MAT 20. The month just expiring bas been one of extraordinary agitation in the money mar- ket. Just after the despatch of the April mail J a sudden demand for gold and notes sprang up, traceable to no special cause, which threatened to seriously derange our finan- cial equilibrium. It was Bharply and de- cisively met by tho directors of the Bank advancing their minimum from seven to eight per cent. The measure, however, proved inadequate to the emergency. The applications went on unchecked in all quarters, and seemed to be quite uninfluenced hy the high rates exacted, as much a3 nino per cent, being paid for loans on Exchequer Í>¡11¿ for a fortnight, while for Bhort advances on Consols the charge was from oight to nine percent. There appearing no prospect of an immediate subsidence of the movement, four days after the previous rise the Bank autho- rities advanced their lowest rate to nine per cent. Almost simultaneously with these re- strictive measures, the Bank of France found itself under the necessity of making cor- responding advances from six to seven and from seven to eight per cent. The commercial publio was taken somewhat by surprise by the last turn of the screw, as it did not appear to be justified by the position of the Bank, as represented in the last return. However, they calmly acquiesced in the policy of tho financial magnates, and even braced up their minds to a possible leap to ten per cent. Numerous transactions, in- deed, for several days took placs at nine and a half to ten per cent., but these were excep- tional. The cause of the last rise is said, among other things, to have been the en- deavour to securo £700,000 for export to Egypt; and as tho directors, in tho then con- dition of the Bank, considered that it was not prudent to suffer such an export, they de- termined, at any risk, by measures of strin- gency to defeat such a step. Tho policy was successfuL The exchanges turned in favour of this country, speculation was restrained, and money flowed hack into the coffers of the Bank. The apprehended crisis was averted. As the current terms in the open market soon receded, the directors of the Bank of England found themselves obliged, on the 20th inst., to reduce their minimum to eight per cent.-a movement which was immediately imitated by the Paris establishment. The addition to the resources of our national establishment since the 5th lnst. amounts to £800,000 in the stock of coin and bullion, and to near £1,(500,000 in thereseive. At the correspond- ing period of last year, the coln and bullion wero£14,6153,141, ornear £1,400,000 above the sum at present held, while the rate of dis- count was onlythrco per cent. The reserve then stood at £8,G65,631. or £1,567,620 higher than the figures in the last return. The Bank of France holds £1,600,000 less bullion than in May, 1863 ; but tho increased trade demand ia evidenced in the amount of bills discounted and not due, which is higher by £7,500,000 than that given in the corresponding return of 1803. On the whole, the last monthly re- turn is the best issued for a longtime. At noon to-day (26th) the Bank minimum waB reduced to seven per cent. Apprehensions of a war and of a financial crisis depressed all the stock markets in 'the earlier part of tho month ; but owing to the improved aspect of politics and the more staid condition of the money market, a ge- neral recovery has set in. Consols for deli- very are 915, and for the account 90J. All kinds of Australian securities bave been dull. The Bank of New Zealand and the Union Bank of Australia have been making most commendable efforts to place the loans for Canterbury, Otago, and Queensland; but the attempt is quito hopeless In the present Btate of our monoy market. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway bonds havo been dealt in at 107J. Below are the latest quotations of Aus- tralian securities and shares : Names of Companies, Se. 100 100 100 100 100 | 100 I 100 28} OOVSBKMEKT STOCKS. Victoria Government, 6 per coat, (Jan. and July) Do., do. (April and Oct.) .. Now South Waloo, 6 percent, 1S00 to 1870 (Jan. and July) Do., do., 1871 to 1878 (do.).. Do., do., 1888 to 1892 (i).).. South Australian, 0 por cent. (Jan. and July) Molbourno Corporation, flpor cont. (May and Nov.) Geelong- Corporation, 6 per cent. (May and NOT.) New Zealand, 6 por coat Queensland, 0 per cent (Jan. and July) COVrANIBS' BONDS. Gcolong and Molbourno Rail- way (1807), Government . Molbourno and Hobson' Bay Railway, 7 per cent. Bondi(1808).. BANKS. Now South Wales .. Australasia .. ., Union of Australia .. South Australia .. London Ch&rtorod; of Aus- tralia . English, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Chartered ., Oriental . NewZwland :. Victoria. Queensland . Otago . MINKS. Yudanunutana of Sooth Aui, Australian Mining Port Philip Mining Company. Bon Accord Copper .. Dun Mountain fJoppor Mine Scottish Australian Mining .. Great Northorn Copper, S.A. Kapunda, 8. A... ., Worthing Coppor, 8.A. Miserai, ANIMUS. Melbourne and Hobson'sBay Ballway .. .. >.. Pool River Land and Minorai Scottish Australian Invest- ment ,. Australian Agricultural South Australian Land North British Australasian Land ». .. .. .. Van Dicmon's Land Agricul- tural . ,. Trust and Agency oí Austral aï!» . Now Zealand Trust and Loan English and Australian Cop- por Company Panama and Australian Royal Mall. ' Tho quotations Include tho accrued lntoroit on debentures KEW FWANCL4.Ii PSOJEOIS. The Mexican loan negotiated last month does not appear to have been so successful as was anticipated. The subscriptions in Eng- land amounted to only £800,000. The settle- ment of the London issuo of scrip is fixed for to- morrow, and tho conversion of old Mexican stock will begin immediately. In France, where the loan was expected to be very popular, it lias grievously disappointed every body who bas touched it-from the French Government and the Credit Mobilier to tho subscribers. The latter, as is u-ual in such cases, demanded much larger portions of the loan than they expected or wished to get ; tbey bave received all tbey asked for, and hate the mortification of finding their scrip at a heavy discount. In defiance-of the extreme stringency of the money market, several new finanoial companies, after the typo of thc3e which have inundated the public for many months past, bavo made their appearance. These are the Maritime Credit Company, capital £1,000,000, Intended to make advance» on shit ping, wharfs, shipyards, docks, warehouses, and every description of marí- timo securities; the Geneial Contracts Company, with a million, to take over tho busine-s of Mr. Rowland Brotherhood and his establishment, at the Great "Western Railway Station, Chippenham; the Free- hold and General Investment Company, capital £250,000, for the purchase of freehold or leaseholdpoperty in London and neigh- bourhood susceptible of improvement and adaption to firsl- slass houses, offices, and chambers ; tbo English, Swedish, and Continental Financial Company, capital £1,000,000; the italian Credit Association, capital £3,000,000, designed to promote the monetary and industrial undertakings of Italy ; and the General Credit Company have resolved to augment their capital to £5,000,000, and start an affiliated society in Paris. So great has been its prosperity, that a profit of between £350,000 and £400,000 in the year is anticipated. Then we have, in addition, the International Contract Company, with a capital of £4,000,000 ; and the Land Credit Company of Ireland, capital one million. The creation of new banks also proceeds with unabated vigour. The Eastern Ex- change Bank, with capital of two millions, is formed to connect Liverpool with the Medi- terranean, the East Indies, China, and Aus- tralia, with which it bas not now a singlo direct banking connexion. The Aslatio Banking Corporation is about to commence business in London, and agencies and branche» are being organized at Bombay, Calcutta, Singapore, Ceylon, Hong Kong, and Shanghai. The subscribed capital is £500,000, with power to increase it to two millions. The Provincial Banking Corporation, capital £2,000,000, alms at acquiring the business and connexions of existing provincial establish- ments, by absorption or purchase. A Scinde, Punjaub, and Delhi Bank Corporation ia an- nounced, wltbacapitalof £1,000,000. ALondon and Venezuela Bank also is in course of for- mation, capital half a million. A Scottish and TTniveisal Finance Bank, cnpital£l,OO0,000, Is started on the model of the Credit Mobilier of Paris ; the directors have bought the busi- ness of Messrs. Nathan and Co, Cornhill, the bullion and exchange brokers.' Several exist- ing banks, in order to enable them to com- pete with their new upstart rivals, are increasing their capital. Thns, the Orien- tal Bank propose to raise an additional £1,600,000; the Union Bank to increase tholr resources from three to four millions ; and the Bank of London to add £200,000. Meanwhile the work of amalgamation is steadily and simultaneously proceeding, par- ticularly among banking and financial and credit associations. A disposition is evinced, both by directors and shareholders, to encou- rage this movement, on the ground that it will arrest or mitigate the competition which would otherwise inevitably ewue. The move- ment, too, will tend to diminish the tremen- dous pressure which will be Increasingly felt as engagements mature and calla are made. Among the amalgamations an- nounced are those between the pri- vate banka of Messrs. Barnett, Hoare, and Co., and Messrs. Honbury and Co.j be- tween the English and Irish and the Euro- pean Bank ; the Bank of Wales has absorbed that of Messrs. Lock, Hulm, and Co., of Pem- broke and Tenby ; the directors of the Scot- tish and Universal Finance Bank have pur- chased the business and connexions of Messrs. Haggard and Co, bullion merchants. The Mercantile Credit Association and the Impe- rial Financial Company are also about to unite their fortunes. In miscellaneous undertakings, we bavo prospectuses of the Humber Iron-works and Ship-bnilding Company, capital £1,000,000, under the auspices of two of the great finan- cial associations ; the Ashton Vale Company, for the manufacture of wrought and finished iron, in the neighbourhood of Bristol ; the Ceylon Coffee Estates Company, capi- tal £120,000; the Torbay and Winter Garden Company, Torquay, capital, £60,000; the Yorke Peninsula (South Australia) Mining Company, with a capital of £160,000 ; a Burmese Oil Company, capital £100,000 ; the British and Canadian Steamship Company,capital£l,000,0O0, which proposes to establish a line of screw steamers between Liverpool, Quebec, and Montreal: the Channel Steamship Company, with cap'tat of £250,000, to take over the vessels now trad- ing on the linebetween St. Malo and the Chan- nel Islands; the Imperial Wine Company, with £100,000: the Tavistock Iron-works and Steel Ordnance Company seek to raise a capital of £200000; the Hydraulic Tube Drawing and Steel Ordnance Company, capital £150,000 ; the Wilnecote Oolllerioa and Blue or Iron Brick Company, capital £100,000; the Clyde Steamship Company, to trade with the Mediterranean and other foreign ports. capital £300,000; the Cadi?, Oporto, and Light Wlno Association, capital £160,000: two fire insurance companies, with combined capital of £1600.000; and the Liverpool, Melbourne, and Oriental Navigation Com- pany, to afford facilities for emigration to Australia, This is the Australian and Elstern Company in a new form. DIVIDEND liEKTINO.3. At tho meeting of the New Zealand Bank- ing Corporation, on the 2nd insfc., a dividend «as declared at the rate of ten per cent, per annum. It was also decided to reduce the nominal value of the shares to £10 per sim re, and to increase the number in proportion, as well as to issue the remaining 2,000 shares at a premium of twenty-five por cent. The annual meeting of the Trust and Agency Company of Australasia took place on the 9tb, when a dividend of seven and a half per cent, was declared, making a total distribution for the year of nearly ten and a half per cent. At a special meeting, subse- quently held, the directors were authorised to issue JE26.000 of new capital, of which only half the amount will, it is understood, bo at once raised, by the issue of shares to the pre- sent shareholders, at 10s. premium. A special meeting of the North British Aus- tralasian Company (limited) was held on the 17th inst., to confirm, tho resolutions passed at the annnal meeting on the 22ad of Horch, for tho conversion of the com- pany's shares into stock, Resolutions wore also proposed and passed for the in- crease of the capital of the company from £187,435 to £220,000, by the issue of £32,6&5 six per cent guaranteed Btock, to be offerod at par and ero rata among the proprietors. On the 18th the annnal meeting of the Wheal Ellen (South Australia) Mining Com- pany was held, when the report was adopted. Though paying no dividend, the prospects of one ere long are said to be favourable. The suspension has been announced of Messrs. James Hurst and Co., merchants, of London and Mauritius. A special meeting of the Great Northern Cop- per Mining Co. of South Australia was con- vened for the 23rd, to pass resolutions for the voluntary wlndlng-up of the undertaking, but an amendment was carried in favour of instructions being sent to the colony by the Jone mail to suspend operations at all the mines for the present, unless in the mean- time they hod got into paying ground. The directors of tbe Panama, New Zealand. and Australian Boyal Company have issued their report for presentation at the ensuing general meeting of shareholders, on the 80th. The receipts for Government subsidies, freight, and passage-money, amounted to £118,702, and the expenditure on working account to £84,000 19s. After appropriating £13,600 to repair, renewal, &c-;, the difference in favour of the company represented £20,201 7s. 6d. ; which, added to tho balance brought forward, mado a total of £21,195 16s. After setting apart a sum for depreciation, and writing off tbe balance of preliminary ex- penses, ¿co., and taking credit for the dividend for the half-year ending Juno, a dividend on the old shares, for tho six months ending the 31st December, 1863, at the rate of seven per cent-, i« now recommended. The Bond of Trade Beturns for the month, and three-months ending March 31. present seme extraordinary results. I subjoin a, etatiment of tho total declaiod value of the »ports of British and Ii IBU produce and manufactures during the month and three months In the last three years :- "" -, For the month. For tho throo month«. 1S02 .£0,0e4,649 >.... £26,423,703 , 18CS .... 10,817,473 .... 27,501,204 1SC4 .... 13,556,074 .... 38,007,381 The month's exports are shown to have been larger by £3,338,201, or thirty-two per cent., than in the same month of 1803, and larger by £3 891,025, or foi ty per ceut., than in March, 1862. The magnitude "of this in-' crease is very remarkable, and, as usual, nearly all the great staples of manufacture bave participated in It. It appears that a convention has been signed between the French, Portuguese, Italian, Brazilian, and Haytlan Governments, for tbe establishment of telegraphic commu- nication between the continent of Europe and America. A total subvention of about £480,000 will be given jointly by tho Govern- ments, who guarantee the neutrality of the line. In reference to the telegraph to America the Veto York Tribune says:-"The necessary arrangements for another attempt to lay a submarino telegraph between I-eland and North America have been made, and the Atlantic Telegraph Company ore more san- guine than evor that the experiment to be undertaken In the spring of 1865 will bo a ccmpleto success. By the time that the Atlantic Telegraph Company is ready for its grand enterprise, a second and entirely différent line of telegraphic communication between Europe and America will approach, if not reach, its completion. This ¡B the line running across Siberia, thence connect- ing with Russian America, thence passing through British Columbia, and ultimately reaching our Pacific States. The mo3t diffi- cult portion of this telegraph, that through Siberia, is now, according to a recent de- spatch, completed as far os Irkutsk, the capi- tal of Eastern Siberia. Mr. Colline*, a citizen of the United States, to whom the Russian Government has given for a period of thirty six years the exclusive risht of working this telegraph through the Russian dominions, has now obtained from the British Go- vernment tbo right of way through British Columbia. Tho Western Union Telegraph Company of the United States are prepared to assume the construction of tho line, and capitalista are ready to supply the monoy for carrying out the undertaking. It is in- tended to continue the telegraph northward along the western coast of British America to Bearing's Straits, which will be crossed by a submarino cable forty miles long, thonco along the coast of Arctic RuBsia to tho mouth of tho Amoor River, at which point the Russian Government have agreed to meet the lino and connect it with their own The new line will be not far from 4 200 miles in extent, and, when completed, it will unite Europe, Asia, and America, principally by lond." IBB WOOL BALES. The second series of public sales of colonial wool for tho present year commenced on the 6th inst. The total arrivals since last series amount to 103,763 bales, consisting of 16,281 bales from 8vdney, 46,058 Victoria, 1683 Tasmania, 16,470 Adelaide, 2079 Swan River, 8,854 New Zealand, and 12.523 bales from the Cape of Good Hope. The attendance of buyers-both horne and continental-was large, and the biddings, notwithstanding the advance in the Bank rate to nine per cent., ruled active, at the full prices current at the close of last sales. Sinco the opening day activity and firmness havo ruled. Writing on the 21st. the Economist says :-" The at- tendance of buyeiB at tho public sales of co- lonial wool now in progress continues goid. For most descriptions the. biddings have shown increased animation, and, compared with the oloso of last series, prices now ex- hibit an improvement of ¿d. to Id. per lb. Export buyois are operating freely in the usual descriptions of wool." At the recent public sales of low wool, held at Liverpool, the greater portion of the supply offered-viz., 80,958 bales, of which 10,603 bales were from the East Indies, 8,000 from South America, and about 4,700 bales from Russia, Turkey, Smyrna, &c;,-was taken by home trajere. Messrs. Ronald and Son state that good white and yellow East India ad- vanced on the average 2JeL, lower classes and grey WOOIB ¿d. to led., and Persian Id. per lb. White East Indian realised Is. to 2s. 24d. : tinged white and good yellow, lill, to 2s. : low and middling yellow, 9d. to is. 2d. ; and white Persian, Is. 4d. to Is. 7¿d. per lb. For English wool, hy private contract, there is a good demand, at the full prices. New home-grown produce continues to realise high rates. At Bradford, new Yorkshire and Lincolnshire hogget wool bas been disposed of at 2s. 6d. to 2s. 7d. ; wethor do., 2i 1 jd. to 2i. 2Jd.; Irish hoggets, 2s. 5d. to 2a. Gd. ; do. wethers, 2d. 2d. to 2s. 8d. per lb. We learn from the Capo that the demand for wool for shipment to the North American States rnled active, and that 8Jd. to 9Jd. per lb. had been paid at Port Elizabeth for bat Êreasy wool lor that purpose». Preight for london at Cape Town WOB Id. to ljd. per lb. : at Algoa Boy, fid. to ?d. per lb. To the United States, the rate of freight was 3d. per lb. for grease wool. ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVALS, Adamant, at Gravesend SOth April, from Adelaide, Aurora, at OraveSond 23rd May, from Australia. Agincourt, at Gravesend 10th May, from Mel- bourne. Constance, at Gravesend 29th April, from Laun- ceston. Champion of tho Seas, at Deal 23rd May, from Geelong. Chill, at Peal ISth Hay, from Otago. Duncan Dunbar, at Gravesend 8th Hay, from Sydney. Dover Castle), at Gravesend 8th liny, from Mel- bourne. Fearnought, at Rangoon 29th April, from Hol- bourne Ferma Hcndorlka, at Deal 22nd May, from Auck- land. Ida Zelglcr, at Gravesend 8th May, from Auck- land. John Bunyan, at Deal 23rd May, from Noir Zea- land. Kron Primen, at Deni 16th May, from Adolnldo, Kosciusko, at Gravesend 23rd Mar, from Port Phillp. Lincolnshire, at Plymouth, 10th Hay, from Mel- bourne Marco Polo, at Gravesend 1st May, from Goolong. Bed Rover, at Deal 23rd May, from Geelong. Stately, at Gravesend 3rd May, from Adelaide. Star of Tasmania, at Plymouth 8th May, from New Zealand. Whlto Star, at Deal 7th May, from Now Zealand. Windward, at Gravcsond ISth May, from Hobart Town. DEPARTURES. Adelaldo, from Liverpool 0th May, for Brass River. Art Union, from Deal 0th May, for Adolaldo. Atlas, from Deal 11th May, for Wellington. Ameer, from Gravesend 12th May, for Otago. Broadv, atcr, from Deal 12th May, for Hobart Town. Coonata, from Gravesend 30th April, for Adolaldo. Crown, from London 30th April, for Sydnoy. C. H. Lord, from London 30th April, for Port Phillp. Cnrollno Covontry, from L ndon 16th May, for Caldco, from Liverpool 11th May, for Adelaide. Clan Alpino, from Graresendllth May, for Adelaide. Damlo, from Gravesend 17th May, for Adolaldo. Earl Bussell, from Plymouth, 23rd April, for i Queensland. Eurynomo, from Rangoon 0th May, for Molbourno. Essox, from Gravesend 23rd May, for Molbourno. Eleanor, from Shields 10th May, for Adolaldo. , Eva, from Ltvorpool 16th May, for Adelaide. Golden South, from London 30th April, for Port Phillp. General Campboll, from Deal ISth Moy, for Morel ton Bay. Gananoquo, from Deal 17th May, for Southland. Humphrey Nelson, fiora Gravesend 13th May, for Kew Zealand, Industry, from Gravesend 27th April, for Otago. Ironsides, from Deal Oth May, for Auckland, Ireno, from Gravesend 10th May, for Adolaldo. Loretto, from Deal Oth May, for Port Phillp. Mirage, from Gravesend 7th Hay, for Canterbury. Maid of Judah, from London 3rd May, for Sydnoy. Monarch, from Gravesend Cth May, for Port Philip. Mornington, from London 10th May, for Goolong. Morning Star, from Plymouth 20th May, for Sydney. Omar Pasha, from Gravesond Oth May, for Port Phillp. Precursor, from London 30th April, for Otago. Princess Beatrice, from Liverpool 10th May, for Sydney. Koyal Dane, from Liverpool 8th May, for Mel- bourne. Boj al Saxon, from Gravesend 10th May, for Mol- bourno. Regina, from Gravesend 14th May, for Melbourne. Bcseilt, from Deal 22nd May, for Port Phillp. Sevilla, from Clyde, May 21, for Kew Zealand. Spray of tho Ocean, from Deal 27th April, for Sydney. William Molluish, from Gravesend 18th May, for Sydnoy. Young Australia, from Gravesend, 10th May, for Moreton Bay. Zephyr, from Deal 10th May, for Swan River. VESSELS LOADING. AT LOMOS, For Melbourne.-Giant's Causoway, Calliance, Star or Peace, Essex, Moravian, Prince Rupert, Mary Ann Wilson, Dover Castle, Rising Sun. For Sydney.-Colonial Empire, Sir J. Lawrence, Duncan Dunbar, Sirocco, Chonrell, William Colo, J. L. Ball. James Livesay, Nineveh, LA Hogue, Royal Edward, Wooloomooloo. For Adelaide-Orient, Rodan, Countess of Fife, Tbe Murray, John Knox, Marquis of Argyle. For Hobart Town.-Heather Bolto, Windward w». gool». ." ' "*" For Launceston.-Westbury, Dunorlan. For Moreton Bay.-Quean of Jtho Colonies, Corn wallis. *''','. For Portland Bay.-iTocsdalo. i For Queensland--Prince of Wales. For Swim Blvor.-Daylight. For Mew Zealand.-Asteropo, Dona Anita, Chile Star of Tournailla, Black Swan, Anno laington, Bulli«! sima, Doronshlro, William Milos, British Empire John Buri} an. Foam of tho Seas, Ida Zolgler, Talbot 'l,och nngar, Eagle Spoed, (tolumbus, Jumna, Surat, alen* devon, Portland. For Pert Augustine.-Adolaldo Coonatta. AT LIVERPOOL. For Molbournp-Julia, Biuo .Jackot, Llghtninir Istanboul, Donald Mackay, \ oung-Ensland. AT Otiisaow. For Molbourno.-Clutha. AT LMTH. For Molboume.-Silistria. AT DUMDBB. For Melbourne.-F. 0. Clarke. VESSELS'SPOKEN WITH. 'Kron Prlns, from Adelalilo to London. 23nl F»w. ruary,inlat.68S.,lon. 70 W. ' i5ruT> Centurion, from London to Sydnoy, oth Anril u lat. 3N., Ion. 20 W. "' m> ta Lady Jocelyn, from Sydnoy to London, 2drd Hw off HiodoJanolro. "'» Beautiful Star, from Aberdoon to Australia ini. May, in lat. 48 N., Ion. 29 W. ' mh latW2SS,1loCï..f2ÔIVV.Clyd0 to S/dn0y* 20thM"<*. In Grenadier, from London to Sjrdnoy, I2ih April Valva, from Lonrton to Now Zealand, nth Ánrii in lat. 1N., Ion. 21W. ' pnl' Lightning, from Molbourno to London, 0th Mav In lat, 47 N., Ion. 17 W. ' ay'ltt Castlo, from London to Si dnoy, 7th Januirv In l«i 35 S., Ion. 12 W. Ji'iw. Marion, from Bombay to Now Zealand, Anril In lat. 12 N., ion. 26 W. ' ' ' la Edith Byrno, from Now York to Sydnoy, 2ith Anril In lat. IS., Ion. SOW. vn'' Tire Peninsular and Orlontal Company aro butldlrur a new steamer, to bo called tho Nyanza. She will ¿a about 2,000 tons burdon. TUB steamer Great Eastern has been sold to the French for a sum approaching a quarter of a million 'sterling. Tills, however, will not interioro with her present engagements, which includo tho submersion of tho Atlantic cabio. Tho Groat Eastern was pur- chased at Liverpool at auction about three months ara for a sum of £25,000, but as the mortgage debentures had been prcyiously^bought up, tho total cost was probably, ¿70,000 or £80.000. There is. however, á very huud&onio; prout on tho present transaction. TUB Emigration Commissioners hare charleroi tho Sirocco to convoy emigrants to Sydnoy, Now South Wales, at £1210s. Gd. por statute adult. Tun Earl Russell arrived at Plymouth on April 14 and sailed on tho 23rd, for Queonsland, with Gevorn' uicnt emigrants, consisting of 2d married mon, its married women, 150 singlo mon, 82 singlo women, 00 cbildicn, and 0 infants, being 305 souls, oqual to 320 statute adults. This ship was chartered by Her Ma- jesty's Emigration Commissioners. Tho ship Young Australia, 700 tons burthon, loft Plymouth on tho 14th May, for Quocnsland. Sho has on board 253 souls, divided into paying, assisted, and froo passongers, and consisting of 85 members of families, 130 singlo mon, 37 single females. Tho Young Australia is the forty-ürat vessel that has sailed on tholand-ordor system of emigra- tion under the Immédiate direction of the Queensland Government. Tim Wanata, Captain Murphy, sallod from tho Mersey on tho Oth May, for Sydnoy, Kow South Wales, having on board 405 Government emigrants, comprising 30 married couples, 140 singlo mon, 145 single women, 24 boys and 21 girls botvrcen ona and twelve years of ago, and seven infants, in all, equal to 370 statute adults. TUB Government emigrant ship, Art Union, sallod . from Plymouth on tho 10th May, for Adolaldo, having on board 60 married oouples, 107 single men, 60 singla women, 31 boys and 30 girls between ono aud 14 } cars of ago, and 13 infants, In all, 320 souls. Snir LAUNCHES.-From tho building-yard of Mr. - John Smith, Inches, a fino clipper ship of 770 tons builders' and about 700 tons new measurement. She wau named Alexandrina, and is intended for toe Australian trade. A three-masted schoonor, named the Glenesk, waa recently launched from tho build- ing-yard of Mr. Robert limos, of North Loith. The vessel Is 206 tons register, or 370 tons burthen, and ia of a very light draught of wator, in accordanco with her tonnago. The Glenesk has boon bought hy Mr. John Warrack, of Leith, and is expected, after taking a short voyago or two, to test heir sea- going qualities, to go In the Loith and New Zealand trade. On tho Uth of May, from tho bulld Inir-yard of Messrs. J. and T. Jones, of Aberyst with, a clipper brig.burthon about 300 tons, classed . A112 years at Lloyd's. Sho Is fitted out with tho latest modern Improvements, including wiro rigjiug, self-reeling topsails, &c;, and is to bo employed in tho southom trades. Sho Is namod tho Sarah Phillips. On May 6 there was launched from the bulldlng- yard of Messrs. A. and J. Inglis, Point-houso, on tho Clydo, a twin screw steamer, tho Platypus, 870 tons B.M., with friction geared engines CJty-horao power. This is the first vessel fitted with a double screw and driven by friction gear that has beon built in Glasgow. She is intended for tho Queensland Steam Navigation; Company, for their river trafile, and was built under tbe superintendence of Captain Patullo, tho company's reprcEcntatlvo. 