MONDAY, July l8, 1864 The condition of the English, money market during the month of May was altogether unusual, but it probably heralds a period of tightness, during which higher rates of interest for money will prevail than trade has been accus- tomed to. From three to four per cent, for discounts for short periods, is the burden under which commerce has usually laboured, but we find that very early in May the minimum rate at the Bank of England had crept up as high as seven per cent. On the 5th of the month it was advanced to eight per cent., and soon afterwards to nine per cent., while transactions at ten per cent, were re- ported. These increases were made to stop the export of gold, and draw the precious metal back to the cellars of the bank. That object was accom- plished, and on the day of the departure of the mail, the minimum price of ac- commodation had again settled at seven per cent. The Economist, bowever, doubted the policy of this reduction urging that the reserves of bullion had not been sufficiently increased, and that the relaxation of the rate would be fol- lowed by a drain which would once more compel the directors of the Bank to resort to stringent measures to pre- vent the efflux of gold and silver. At first sight it appears strange that a period of dear money should be appre- hended, in the face of the enormous quan- tities of gold which the Australian, New Zealand, and other gold-fields have been pouring into England for years past. It is the more remarkable that it fol- lows-we may, indeed, say accompanies -a time of abundance, out of which endless schemes have been floated for the employment abroad of a superfluity of cash for which there seemed to be no profit- able use to be found in England. To the numerous foreign loans contracted for, and the expenditure of money in commercial and other fields on the Continent and in India, some portion of the scarcity of bullion is no doubt attributable. The real source of embarrassment, however, lies, in the enormous expansion of trade and commerce revealed by the figures of the Board of Trade, coupled as it is with a dependence upon India and Egypt, those graves of the precious metals, for the staple of the Lancashire trade. The growth of British trade since the gold- fields of Australia were discovered has been most remarkable, but it has never been more extraordinary than during the present year. For the month of March the exports were £13,555,674, as against £10,217,473 in the cor- responding month of 1863, and £9,064,649 in that of 1862. This is an increase of over thirty per cent, in two years. Nor was the month exceptional, for the exports of the first three months of the present year are officially given as of the value of £36,667,381, against £27,561,204 in the same quarter of 1863, and £26,423,763 in 1862. The same rate of increase, therefore, pre- vails over the quarter as well as over the month. The increase of imports was also remarkable the total of their real value for the first two months of the year having been £13,214,541, as against £11,211,216 in 1863, and £8,614,612 in 1862. "When we ex- amine the tables of export, we find that the greatest increases were in articles in which a decrease might have been anti- cipated. The extension of employment in Lancashire is shown by an increase of over four million in the exports of cotton manufactures for the quarter, while in cotton yarn the increase is from £1,143,459 to £2,103,329, or very nearly a third. In worsted stuffs the increase ex- ceeds a million, and in haberdashery it is £392,758, or about thirty per cent, above the export of of the same material in the first quarter of 1863. In almost every branch of British industry, indeed, the improvement is very great, the only decreases being in the articles " small " arms," thread, steam-engines, pig and cast iron, and unwrought copper. The splendid harvest enjoyed in Britain les- sened the import of breadstuffs. There was also a remarkable decrease in the imports of sugar and tea; but in the first two months of the year, there was an increase of not less than £2,528,686 in the import of raw cotton. In this surprising expansion of trade, and the extent to which India and Egypt have been drawn upon for cotton, we have the causes of the drain of money which made the month of May remarkable. The blockade runners had enabled England to draw cotton from the Southern States, by way of Bermuda and the Bahamas, to the extent of £541,434 during January and February, as compared with £56,452 in the same months of 1863 ; and Mexico sent over cotton worth £121,459, either from her own resources, or by the help of smugglers, as against ,£31,421 in the same period of 1863. But India supplied not less than £2,252,206 worth, of the staple of tho Lancashire trade as against ¿£2,022,469 in the first two months of 1863, and only £580,802 in 1862\. The growth of the Egyptian trade was still more remarkable, the land of the Pharaohs having furnished cotton, in the period to which we have been alluding, of the value of £1,999,104, as against £862,706 in the same months of 1863, and only £198,569 in 1862. In the last of these periods, moreover, China sent cotton to the value of £32 only ; but in the next, England was indebted to Chinese merchants for cotton worth £49,505 ; and for an im- port in January and February last to the extent of ¿£265,905. No doubt some portion of the cost of this Eastern cotton will be paid for in goods. The exports to, as well as the imports from India, China, and Egypt, were largely increased ; but by far the largest portion of the account must be met by payment in gold and silver. From the time when the merchants, of the West first com- menced to trade with India down to the present day, the Indian seller has re- quired gold or silver in exchange for his wares. He needs little of the produce of the looms or the forges of the West, and the gold which he gains he hoards. Colonel SYKES, in an essay read before the Statistical Society, states that between 1834 and 1842, the balance of trade in favour of India was £46,841,248, a very large proportion of which, must have been paid for in bullion. He also shows that between 1849 and 1854, the balance in favour of India was not less than £39,822.788. In the first of the periods alluded to, at least £15,184,720, and in the last not less than 18,993,865, in bullion, was absorbed in India, passing out of circulation. In the first half of the present century, India received and retained bullion of the value of a hundred millions of pounds, which became as much lost to commerce as if it had never been dug from the soil. "With the late enormous development of the cotton trade, this peculiarity of Indian commerce must have materially increased. We find evidences of it in the abundance of money in the Bombay market at the time when the directors of the Bank of England found it necessary to check the export of gold by the imposition of a nine and ten per cent, rate for discount. China has a similar power of ab- sorption ; and the races and tribes who people the countries of the Nile have an equal passion for the possession of the precious metals, while they take still less of the products of British industry in exchange for their cotton than the Chinese do. Into these three reservoirs, indeed, the necessities of British trade are throwing the gold which Australia and New Zealand furnishes. We are now shipping less of it to London, and more, month after month, to India, In coin or in bars, our refined gold pays the Eastern cotton grower for the staple which he furnishes to Manchester. Nor does there seem ground for hoping that this peculiar drain will cease. For eighteen hundred years India has been what she was described as being by Pliny, the sink of the precious metals. The trade in cotton which has sprung up with India, China, and Egypt, since the American war began, will not cease when that straggle terminates. The British importer will still look to the eastern mar- ket for supplies of cotton ; and though the cessation of the struggle between North and South would no doubt be followed by a revival of the cotton trade of Savannah and Charleston, the British spinner and weaver will never again con- fine himself to one source of supply. Nor is there any reason to suppose that the remarkable expansion of British trade in the early part of the present year was spasmodic and exceptional. The figures already quoted prove the contrary. The termination of the war in America would undoubtedly give it a fresh impetus. War in Europe would but give industry a new direction. We must look forward, therefore, to a period of dear money in England, and a growing demand for gold and silver for export to Egypt and the East. Simultaneously with this demand, the Australasian supplies of the pre- cious metals are becoming smaller. The escort returns in New South Wales show a remarkable falling off, while the expe- rience of New Zealand goes to show that the gold-fields of that colony are limited in extent, and already well rilled. The mines of this colony, fortunately, maintain a steady yield, and the demand assures us that the value of their produce is not likely to fall. Taken altogether, the circum- stances which led to the scarcity of money in England when the May mail was despatched, were remarkable. While we speculate over the enormous loss of bullion to commerce which it must occasion, we cannot but be struck by tho proof it affords of the gigantic power the industry of England has be- come-a power which triumphs over the most formidable obstacles, and, as we have thus seen, has created now sources, of supply for itself in the furthest corners of the semi-barbarous East. Encouraged by the sympathy of the Eastern colonies, the small minority in Western Australia -which is opposed to transportation, is joining its voice to ours in protesting against the further in- fliction of the evil. The Western Aus- tralian Times, which is the organ of the anti-transportationists, finds courage, even in the midst of a convict popula- tion, to enter a mild objection to the me- morial in favour of a continuance of transportation, which is now being circu- lated for signature among the colonists. Timidly and hesitatingly, as if conscious that it speaks against the ruling opinion, the Times calls attention to the "fearful " responsibility" which the memorialists are incurring. "They are deliberately " involving the future of the colony, its " respectability, its moral character, the " welfare of their children, for a very " questionable present advantage." The evil effects of convictism in New South Wales are quoted, by way of warning, to Western Australia. From such an origin there must spring evil, and pollution in the future. The children of crime will be true to their hereditary instincts. "For the sake of gain to ourselves," says the Times, " we are doing that for " which we shall not receive the bless- " ings of those who come after us." But even the Times is too much im- pressed with a regard to the present to be very vehement on the subject. It carefully guards itself against the sus- picion of trying to induce people not to sign the memorial. It appeals to the " natural instincts of self-profit and self " preservation," and is by no means very bitter against those who are inclined to plunge deeper into the sink of pollution. " The substantial interests of the mo " ment," it avers, " will necessarily out " weigh the shadowy interests of the " future. Let each man, before he signs, " believe sincerely that he is acting for " the permanent benefit of the colony, " and ho will be right in signing, so far " as he is personally concerned." No one can accuse the West Austra- lian Times of too much audacity. The -wonder is, not that it should speak so timidly against convictism, but that, in a community steeped to the core in the felon taint-deriving its only sustenance from the filth with which it is encum- bered-cut off from free immigration, and having no apparent hope, except in the continuance of England's annual shiploads of crime-there should be found even this feeble whisper of a better sense. The position of the mi- nority who desire to free their land from the curse of convictism, deserves all our consideration. The colony of "Western Australia is already so deeply imbued with the convict element as almost to induce a despair of any other lot being possible for it, but to serve as a perpetual filth depot for England. We can imagine that even good and patriotic men among the settlers should hesitate before committing themselves to a contest with their fellow-co- lonists on the subject of transpor- tation. The West Australian Times doubtless speaks the sentiments of a large number, when, even in denouncing the moral evils of convictism, it cannot refrain from thinking of the material benefit which the colony receives from the convicts. Small as that benefit really is, without it the colonists would perhaps be greatly inconvenienced. A sudden stoppage of transportation would perhaps ruin a large number of settlers. The community is too limited in num- bers, and too much accustomed to the relief afforded by the Imperial expendi- ture, to be able at once to do without this aid. It is one of the necessary evils attendant upon this pernicious convict system, that it spoils even free men for their work in life-that it injures their capacity for self- depend- ence as much as it destroys their sense of self-respect;-that, once imposed upon a community, it cannot easily be shaken off by any efforts from within. We all remember how fierce and desperate a struggle it was against transportation in Tasmania and in New South Wales, in spite of the large proportion of free settlers in each colony. That struggle, perhaps, would not now have been con- cluded but for the discovery of gold in this and the neighbouring colony. Let us, therefore, be charitably inclined to- wards the anti-transportationists of Western Australia. It is clear that they are only a small minority of the colonists, and that in opposing the policy of the majority, they run counter to their own direct interests and their present advantage. Even if transporta- tion were to cease to-morrow, it would be many years before the colony of Western Australia could so far recover its character as a field of settlement as once more to attract a stream of free immigration to its shores. The taint would cling to the colony, long after the stream of pollution had ceased. Quo semel est imbuta diu servabit odorem. In the meantime, and until the naturally great resources of the settlement prove attractive to the free immigrant, there is no doubt that Western Australia will be exposed to considerable damage. The Eastern colonists, there- fore, are bound to make every allow ance for this humble member of the family exposed to so great a temptation. We cannot, as yet, expect much aid from the Western Australians themselves in our crusade against convictism ; and great credit is due to that more re- spectable and patriotic minority which, however timidly and feebly, are disposed to second our efforts to free themselves and us of the abominable curse of con- victism. The tone of the principal English journals is scarcely be hopeful and encouraging. The Times, without any earnest convictions on tho subject, but purely from a matter-of-fact and commer- cial point of view, at first sight regards us and our cause more favourably than does the Imperial Government. While pretending to believe that our grievance is a painful one-that the mother coun- try has conceded all that it was in rea- son bound to concede-The Times does us the justice of admitting that the anti transportation movement " appeals no '" longer to excited passions and virulent " prejudices. It takes its stand upon the " common ground of sound reasoning " from admitted premises, and is en " titled to every consideration, not only " for the weight of its arguments, but '" also for the spirit of good faith and mo " deration by which it is directed." After this very enlightened and liberal expres- sion of opinion, it is a little disappointing however, to find, in the same article, such sentiments as these :-" The transporta- tion of convicts to a colony is just one of those things about which people must be content to take their chance. Convicts are not transported to a colony for the good of the set tlers" (very candid, indeed !) " any more than prisoners are sent to Port land for the good of the People of "Weymouth. There are matters of Im perial policy which accidentally benefit Ono part of the empire and prejudice another-a benefit in which those who u receive it have no vested interest, and a prejudice against which those who suffer from it have no title to re 'lief," Against this strange conclusion, those "Who have been complimented in the same authority upon their moderation and good sense, may justly take excep- tion. Granting that England has no vested interest in the benefit which she receives from transportation, how can it be maintained that Australia has no " title" to be relieved from the prejudice which transportation induces ? What " title" do we require to relief, further than the right we have, as British sub- jects, to protest- against a contamination which no British county would for a moment endure? The island of Port- land being a portion of the country where its criminals are produced, has no title to complain if British con- victs are sent thither, any more than the village of Pentridge has a right to demur to its stockade. But Pen- tridge would certainly have a good ground for complaint if criminals, not of home rearing, were to be turned out in its midst, just as Portland would have a good grievance if it was expected to provide for and maintain a batch of convicts from Australia. The anti-trans portationists desire nothing but to be freed from the load of crime which is not of home manufacture, It is no an- swer to be told that " these things are " matters of degree, not of kind"-that this is an empire " formed on no logical " consistent plan," in which it is im- possible to apportion exactly the be- nefit or the disadvantage to every member of the body politic. We are able to show that, however illogical or inconsistent the empire may be, the con- tinuance of transportation is, at the best, but an infinitesimal benefit to the mother country-that it is a heavy bur- den and a curse to Western Australia and the prolific source of both present dangers and future evils to all the colo- nies of the Australian system. We claim, therefore, to have a " title to relief," and we claim it the more urgently because, according to The Times' own confession, England has no " vested interest" in the small benefit which she derives from transportation. One of the closlns acts of the Legislative Assembly, in its late session, was to cut the Minister of Mines short in an exposition of the views of the Government on the im- portant question of water supply to the gold- fields. Mr. Sullivan, it will be recollected, was about, on the last day of the session, to enter on an explanation, when the appearance in the Assembly of the Usher of the Black Rod constitutionally interposed. Mr. Smyth, the member for Castlemaine, has now succeeded in obtaining an epistolaty statement of the Minister's views, which will be found in the correspondence we have given elsewhere. The Royal Society will hold the fourth meeting of the session this evening, at half past seven. A paper will be read by Mr, Thomas Harrison, entitled, "Notes on the Geology of Hobart Town ¡" in connexion with which he will exhibit maps, sections, and a collection of fossils illustrative of the strata in that part of Tasmania. Mr. Ellery will exhibit a Wheatstone's exploder and Abel's patent fuses, and explain their applica- tion in civil and military engineering. Dr. Mueller will also give a short description of, and a few remarks of, the "New Poison Plant of Queensland." The laws relative to the importation of con victs from Western Australia, are being car- ried out with great strictness in South Aus- tralia. Mr. Wells, the owner of the Young Australian, who has been absent from the colony for fourteen monts on a visit to England to procure a steam-tug, on reaching the Lightship in the Rangatira mail steamer, was anxious to leave by an early boat to visit his family. On presenting himself at the, gangway, the officer of Customs peremptorily refused him permission to do so, notwith standing he was known to several persons present as an old colonist, Ultimately Mr. Wells was allowed to stcp over the side and proceed home, on taking the responsibility of the act upon himself. Two more days of storm end deluge have supported Lieutenant Saxby's character as a weather prophet. Saturday was the chief day named in the evil omen part of the wea- ther calendar; but though not coming np quite to the tempest point, there was enough of wind, and rain, and bitter cold to satisfy the prediction. Yesterday, however, was a genuine "Saxby day," with its torrents of rain, tempest, and dismal atmosphere. Such a rainfall for twenty-four hours longer, and we should have a repetition of last year's floods. The late Roman Catholic bishop, Dr. Geoghegan, according to the Dayhaford Ex- press, was a native of Dublin, and a school- fellow of Mr. G. V. Brooke, the actor. At the age of fifteen, he entered the Franciscan con- vent of Chabrogas, Lisbon, and at twenty three was ordained priest, In 1887 he sailed for Sydney, and subsequently to Melbourne, where he was deservedly popular among Pro- testants, as well as his co-rellglonists. On his voyago to Ireland, the right rev. prelate caught a severo cold when rounding Capo Horn, and underwent at home a surgical operation for the restoration of his voice. Ho was an exceedingly well-read man, and an eloquent speaker. He died at Kingstown, the place of his birth. The South Australian Rt guter says:-"The deccnîed prelate had been suffering from bronchitis, and was to havo undergono an operation-namely, the inser- tion of a tubo iu his throat; but it was nat performed, as the surgeons feared that ho might die in their hands. Bishop Geoghegan was bom in the year 1804, and he was there- fore sixty jears of age. Ho was buried in the Church of Adam and Eve, Ormond Quay, Dublin." The Gipps Land Times is rather angry with Mr. Steavenson for tho opinion lately ox pressed agaiiist the Gipp3 Land rivers, as suit- able dopOts for the salmon. "Woare notsolfish enough" says the Times, " to desire to seo tho first experiment in the impoitation of salmon ova placed in jeopardy by advocating the placing of tho salmon in rivera unsuited to their habits and their wants. We speak with- out prejudice, and with an earnest desire to see salmon acclimatised in the Australian waters ; and weunhesitaticgly say that we belle ve.from the Snowy River to the Macalister, that any of the rivers between, of sufficient size, would be better suited to the habite and wants of the salmon than any other rivers in Australia. We happen to havo resident amongst us in Gipps Land two of the explorers of tho Gellibrand Elver, Mr. Allan and Mr. Short, and from the description we havo heard of the moun- tain etream from both, we aro bound to come to the conclusion that the Gellibrand Rivor may snit very well for trout, but for salmon it is totally uneuited. It has always been de- scribed to us as a mountain rivulet, subject to having floods in winter, and its bed almost entirely filled with fallen timber." An " Old Pesldent," writing in the same journal, says :-" The entrance to tho lakes, we are bound to believe, was once closed within the memory of our oldest Bettlers-that doting was only for a few days, and occurred many years Bince. The very idea of closing a reservoir, into which fivn rivers flow, each one as large as the Yarra Yarra, appears utteily ridiculous." We aro glad to see that the causo of accli- matisation is exciting considerable interest in New Zealand. An excellent letter by " An Acclimaticcr," in a recent number of the Soutfiern Croa, urges the necessity of pro- viding suitablo placea for quadrupads and birds and tho ova of fishes. The writer says, "If tho samo care had been bestowed on every venture of bilda to New Zealand, that was taken with the ova shipped to Australia, the varieties of British Urda acclimatised would lave been very numerous. Mr. William Buckland has sent a pair of phea"auts and two pair of Californian quails to Taranga, in Poverty Bay. Arrangements have also been made for sending down two or three pairs of pheasants to Tauranga, Bay of Plenty, where they will be carefully placed, and where, no doubt, tho Europeans will do their best to preaeive tbem," Deferring to our late military successes at Tauranga, the Auckland correspondent of tho Sydney ilcrmng Herald states that Thompson displayed that batter part of valour-discre- tion :-" It is a noticeable fact that neither Thompson nor Bewi was present at this en- gagement, and their absence on other memor- able occasions speaks very little for their gal- lantry. They foment the prssion for war amongst their misguided fol'owers, and when danger threatens they make an undigaifbJ retreat to safe quart.rs. At Rangariri it is well known that Thompson escaped, with a largo number of his followers, early in tho fight, leaving the rebels now on board the Marion to settle accounts ai they fc sat could with their beBiegers. It is even doubtful now whether Bewi waa present at Orakau ; and at the Gato pa both of these celebrated fo- mentera of discord left tho leadeiahip of King ism to Itawiti, who has really proved himself to bs, whatever may bo bia ecceutricitics, a brave man. At the Gate pa he was most con- spicuous for his gallantry ; and at Te Binga, as is well-known, be bravely meú his death fightins, Initec 1 of sneaking away in a cow- ardly nmnnor. It ia giatiiyiug to bj able to praise the deeds of such men, for they are the ideal of New Zealand warriors, and not tho cuDn'n» and ciafty specimens we havo of them in Thompson nnd Eewi." We havo one day's later intolliscncs- jrom Hobart Town, \,'z , to tho 14th inst, but it is unimpoitant. "We havo dates from Mauritius to the 3rd of June, but the news is without interest. Oar dates from South Australia, are to the 14th inst. At the Supreme Court Criminal Slttin&j; on Saturday, Isrnl Lovitt Walker, chief mate of the ship Francos Hil'yard, was found " Guilty ' of a common assault upon one of the seamen of that vessel (John Strawn, who, it was alleged from tho ill-ussje he received there, jumped overboard and wes drowned). The defendant was at first sentenced to two months' impriconment, but upon representa- tions made by defendant's counsel a3 lo tho wishes of the jury, the conduce was altered to a fine of £15, wh'ch was, of couue, imme- diately paid. A man named Marlin Bird was convicted of a most bruto1 and cowardly o~sault upon his sister, and sentcne: 1 to two years' hard labour on the roads. James Moore, for a larcany, was sentenced to six months' impiiconment ; and William Staines, for stealing from the person, to two years' hard labour on the roids. It is expected that the tiial of tbo four mon charged with tho attempt on tho Collingwood Bauk will bo proceeded w'th th*n morning. The number and classiflcat'on of tho pri CDneis under detention in the Central Gaol on Friday last were as follow ¡-Awaiting trial -Beforo the Supreme Court, 14 males and 2 females; beforo magistrate, 20 males and 2 femrles. Under sentence-Of death, re- corded, 1 male ; to road gang, 8 males ; to hard labour, 111 males and 13 females. Detained -l'or imprisonment only, 07 males and 52 females; as lunatics, 4 males, in default of hail, 9 males and 2 females; 8 male debtors, and 1 male for contempt of cauri. Total, 243 males, and VI females. The following prisoners have been dis- charged from the Penal department during the past week :-Loy Ali, ahis Pow Ah, alias Pco Ah, tried at Ballarat 31st July, 18G3, for larceny, and sontenced to twelve months ; Robert Anstlce, tried at Melbourne 1st Sep t mber, 1C03, for burglary and stsaling, and sentenced to twelve months ; Patrick Gleeson tried at Melbourne 15th Juno, 1863, for shoot- ing with intent to murder, and sentenced to death, commuted to eighteen months ; John Hall, tiled at Melbourne 25th Jane. 1863, for Stealing a brocch, and sontsnesd to twelve months and extensions ; John Maloney, tried at Sandhurst áth February, 1863, for robbery in company, and sentenced to two years ; Patrick O'Neill, tried at Belfast 13th Febru- ary, 18C3, for violent assault, and sentenced to two years ; John Parker, tried at Ararat 13th July, 1803, for stealing from the person, and sentenced to eighteen months ; William, Power, tried at Melbourne 16th_ Fehruaiy, 1863, for receiving stolen goods, and sentenced to two years; George Stewait, tried at Mel- bourne 2nd November, 1863, for misde- meanour, and sentenced to ono year ; James Woods, tried at Sandridgo 5th November, 1863, for vagrancy, and sentenced to twelve m on tha ; and John Woods, tried at Sandridgo 6th November, 1863, for vagrancy, and sen- tenced to twelvo months. At Emerald-hill Police Court on Satarday tho presiding majistrates were Messrs. Thistlethwaito and Hay. The cases wero only half a dozen In numbor, and wero e" of the pstticat character. At the Itichmond Pollco Court on Satur- day, JoBeph Dillaway applied for a publican's general licence, for premises in Cubitt-street. The application was opposed by Police-ser- geant Ward, on the ground that the houso did not contain the required accommodation, and tho mogistiates, Me3srs. 8. Martin and A. M'Crae, refused the licence. The ordinary liBt of business contained very few cases, which were of a trivial kind. There ÍB some talk of changes in the minor ranks of the company at the Theatre Royal. The Bdouins, wo understand, take their departure at an early date, to seek a fortune in China, and Miss Tilly Earle accom- panies them. An 'nquest was commenced at Sandridge on Friday, by Dr. Youl, upon the body of Elizabeth Kobe Martin, aged nine years, who died veiy suddenly on Wednesday. Jano Martin, mother of tho deceased, stated that the deceased went to school on Wednesday morning apparently quito well. About half past twelve o'clock noon, she was brought home hy a person who found her ill in tho street. She became quite insonsiblo ; medical man was called in, but the deceased died in less than two hours. She had never had a fit, and had always enjoyod ex- cellent health. The evidence of the teacher of tho school attended by the de- ceased, showed that when she left school a little after twelve o'clock, she seomed quito welL Andorson Williams, an englne-drlvor, proved seeing the deceased on her way home from school. She was on the point of falling when ho saw her. On going a little way with witness, sho complained of a violent pain in the stomach, and becamo unable to walk. Witness carried her, and before |ho reached her homo sbo becamo insensible. When ho first saw her, she had ouly her little brother with her. No other persons were about. Sr. Curtis stated that ho waB called on Wednesday aftomoon, at one o'clock, to Bee the deceased, whom ho found quito insensible, hor face and lipa were swollen, the countenance was livid, and | the pupils of the eyes dilated and insensible to light. Tho pulso was slow, und tho respi- ration steitorous. She divd in an hour after witneea first Baw her. H.id made a post- mortem examination of the body. There were no external marks of vitlence. The dura traler was adhèrent to tho skull; the mem- branes of the brain were highly congested, Blocdjwas suffuted upon tho 8urraco of tho dura mater. The brain was also much con- gested. Found a clot of blood in each lateial ventricle. Tho veins and sinuses of the Lraln «-ira gorged with blood, more especially at I he baso of the brain. The skull was not fraotnrcd. The lungs and heart were quite healthy ; both ven- tricles of tho latter wore empty. ITad handed the stomnch and a portion of the ibteEtincB to Dr. Macadam, who was present at the post-mortem examination. A portion of the small intestines was congested. Dr. Macadam not having coniploted hl8 exa- mination of these parta on Friday, tho inquiry was hero adjourned till the next day, when Dr. Macadam stated that he had sub- mitted the portions which ho took with him to chemical analysts. ' No trace of poison was discernible in tho contents of the stomach or any of the tissues. A samplu of " lolly" which he had received from Dr. Cartis, consiste 1 solely of sugar, coloured wilh cochineal. This was proved by another witness, Camilla Close, who kept a sweetmeat shop, to havo been sold by her to deceased, as the latter was on her way to school on Wednesday. Witness had bought those sweets from a tra- veller. Dr. Macadam continued.-The cause of death was congestion of the brain and its membranes. From the state of the heart, he thought it probable that the congestion of the brain was duo to a spasm of that organ. Dr. Curtis agreed with this opinion, and the jury returned their verdict in similar terms. Dr. Candler held an inquc3t on Saturday, at Windsor, on tho body of William Jones, a boy, who was killed on the previous after- noon by a cart-wheel palina over bis head. From the evidence adduced, it aprearcd that a cart packed along Albeifc-Btreet, on Friday afternoon, a lad named Georgo Dut:her driving, three or four boyB riding in it, and several other boys, amongst them the de- ceased, running along behind. The deceased came to the sim it, and tried to get into the dray, but tlio horco swerved, and he lost his hold, fell hack upon ,the road, and lha wheel parsed over him. He was immediately taken up, but was found to bo speechless and motionless, and died before medical assistance could be procured. His head was seen to be much contused and lacerated, the wheel having apparently passed over his head. The verdict was "Accidental Death." What learned counsel called " a contuma- cious jury" was found in the Ballarat Court of Mines on Friday. The aEsesiors Eat in an appeal from a warden's order, finding that the respondent was entitled to possession of a residence area, transferred to him by a Chinaman, since deceased. His Honour ruled that tho respondent was not entitled, as ho did. not hold a business licence, and did not seek to cccupy for residence under the miner's right. The c^cscora wore therefore directed to find for tho appellent, hut they, being better lawyers than the judge, found for the respondent. Notice of motion for a new trial was immediately given. We have been informed that in all pro- bability this year's wool will bo conveyed by the new line of railway from Echuca. If not all the way from Echuca at the com- mencement of the sesson, tho wool will be conveyed irom a point not far from ¡toa the railway line. A youngwoman named Catherine M'Cboney was takon into the hospital yesterday morn- ing, with a very eeriouB geih in her throat which her husband stated had been Eelf-tn fiicted with arazor, cluringafitof temporaryin sanity. Tho cut wn about two and a half inches in kngth, but was not very deep. Tho recovery of tho unfortunate woman is not despaired of, although the cut h one of a dan- gerous nature. Since sho has hean in the hospital it has l:en found requiiito to tie her down to tho bed, from her cccasional fits of violent delirium. She was confined about ten days ago, and the child has since di' J, which may account for the sad state of the mother. A Licensing Bench cat at the City Cou't on Saturday, when applications for publicans' night licences, numbering thiity-eight, wore granted. In granting tho applications, the police magistrate remarked that he re>-ett:d he had not tho pawer to refuse them, con- sidering that the efftct of bo many houses being kept open til night would bo voiy detrimental to the peace of the city. A football match was played on Saturday, on the Eastern-hill ground, between the Royal Park and Eastern-hill Football Clubs, which resulted in the Eastern- hill obtaining two goals to the Park nil, after an exciting contest-the final kick by Aitken, and second by A. Green. The next of the current series of lecture s on " Scotland and some of its Calebiiuies " w!Il be delivered this evening, in Erskine Church, Carlton, by Professor Ii vine, on "Ob-istophor North, in his Moral Philosophy Class, bia Editorial Chair, and his Sporting Jacket" A curious instance of the long distances prcduco has occasionally to travel in s;arch of a gocd market is given by the Ore/wills Advocate :-" Yesterday afternoon two droves of young pigs, numbering about a hundred in each lot, passed through Smythesdale. It was stated that they had been brought from the district of Warrnambool, and that they were being taken to the Ballarat market, it bein*? thought that better pricss would be realised there than in Melbourne. Thoy were all in excellent condition, and on an average would have weighed about seventy psunds a piece. Althongh thoy had fcoted It the whole way, thty looked quite fresh and vlgoroui." A country journal reports a meeting of the local mechanics' institute, mover and se- conder being duly named, when it waa ro tolved to procure four arm- cbaiis. The Stcr, of Ballarat, states that, in a "file of the Cape of Good Hope pipers jusi recoived an instance is recorded of a cow having bcon thorougldy cured of ' lang sickness,' or pleur; pneumonia, from eating the leaves of ths granodilla (tie). If this ca-e bo authentic, the cultivation of this plant in Australia wi1' b. como a maltsr of impoilaucs." The true " granadilla" is apas3ion-ilowcr. the Passiflora qwdrangularii. A court for the revision of tho burg«s-:-l!ßt of the borough of Fitzroy wes held on Satur- day. Thrco pnrtics were struck off the llsb for non-residence, and there were seventeen claims to bo added to tho list, eight of whloh wero allowed. The roll will contain a total of about 2,600 names. The Carlton Penny BavingJ Bank wa« opened on Saturday eventos. The timo ap- pointed by the rules fortherecoipt of deposits is from Eeven to eisht o'clock, but tho time was enlarged for tho first n'ght. The office- bearers were in attendauca at half-past six o'clock, and, on account of the rush of buri- ner:?, were unable to clocó thoir bcoks until half-past ten. The numbar of dopo3itou was 863\. The deposits varied in amount from 31, to 2Ca. Tho total amount dero3itcd was £63 13s. lCd. From thiB It would appear that the ptnny tank movement Is very popular In Carlton. It íb gratifying to note that ait workman- ship fiudB its w»y side by side with the ruder labour of our remote districts. The Portland Guardian describes a now pulpit of cedar, hut completed for AU Saints' Roman CAtholic Church, in that town:-"Tho form is an cctagon, and (he style is strictly Gothic. Tho base, about three feet in diameter, is of bold Gothic moulding, from which lises the shaft composing the interior, of three-inch deal, trenilled, faced with cedar sunk panels. The shaft at fivo feet fiom the floor is sur- mounted hy a hold framing, which servos as the base of tho pnlpit, three feet seven inches in height. The book- board, which projects at an anglo of foity-fivo degrees, is supported by an outspread golden eagle, beautifully carved. The pulpit itself is connected with a solid block of bluestone, three feet square, which eerves as the foundation." It was de- signed hy Mr. D. Nicholson, architect. At the annual metting and conversazione of the Philosophical Society of Now South Wales, on the 6th hist, tho chairman announced that it was tho intention of the connell to publieh in a separate form some of the papers read before tho society from time to time. Some colonial-made mathematical and astro- nomical instruments wero exhibited by Mr. A. Tornaghi, and elicited much commenda- tion. The workmanship of theso instru- ments appears to be fully equal to similar instrumenta of European manufacture. The rotary motion of cut rock crystal on an in- clined plane, was demonstrated by Major Wingate-, with a small piece of rock crystal in a wetted plate, and excited much inte rest. At a meeting of the Ethnological Society in , London, a disoneaion turned on the flint im- plements found in great abundance on the Danish coast. These flints wero so abundant that Mr. Lubbock, the author of a paper read, Fa'd that ho and another gentleman had picked up more than 200 in an hour. They were in raised heaps for m ¡lea along the coast, and could be perceived at som» distanco off, some of them being found b¿low high- water mark. Tho encrustation of lime on most of the implements proved they wero of great agc- that they could not possibly be modern fabrications. They rosombled tho implements of a Bimilar kind found in the " kitchen suddens " of Denmark, Sir CharleB Nicholson alluded to tho discovery of great numbers of flint im- plements by Mr. Gregory, in immense tumuli near the cea, during his explorations in Aus- tralia. Mr. Blake observed that similar flints had been recently discovered in Chili : and it was also stated that they have been found in Peru. The immense mass of flint implement evidence, accumulating hy arcbaiologista and geologist?, of the existence of a prehistoric race of man, threatens, indeed, to become in- conveniently overwhelming; and tho ques- tion may ariso whether it is not less impos- sible that the flints should have been chipped by some other agency than that swarms of men should have lived and made such a superabundanco of implements, and pawed away without leaving any othor traces of their having ex'ited. A promenade concert was f,lvon at the Ex- hibition-building on Saturday aft srnoon, by the Head-Quarters and Volunteer Drum and Fife Bands. An attractivo programme was gono through ; but, unfortunately, tho in- clemency of the weather had a material effect upon the attendance. The Melbourne Garrick Club wji1 givoan entai tahune nt in the Town-hall, Prahran, to morrow evenin». in aid of tho Shakspoaro Statue Fund, the psiformanco b3ln^ under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, Major- General Chute, &o.; The comedy of " Time Tries AU," a musical interlude, and the aftsipiece of" The Turned Hoad," will bo the entertainments of the evening. Mr. Farquharson'a promised entertain- ment was not given at the Polytechnic Insti- tute on Saturday evening lait, on account, we regret to learn, of continued illness. There was only one case at the Sandridge Police Court on Saturday, a charge of dis- obedience of orders againBt a seaman belong- ing to the ship Martha Birnie. The defen- dant was ordered to return on fcjard, and resume his duty. 