THE WEEK'S NEWS. The Northern Territory Company.—The first half-yearly general meeting of the share holders of the Northern Territory Company, ; limited, since the incorpoiation of tbe Company ; under the Companies Act of 1864, was held on ( Wednesday, October 25, at the registered office in ( Greufell-strect. There was not a very full atten dance of shareholders, and the proceedings gene rally were of an uninteresting nature, as there was j an absence of anything upon which to report or t to call for discussion. The following report [ , of the Directors was then read and adopted:— j . "The Directors have to report to the shareholders . j of ihe Company with regret that, owing to unfore seen difficulties attending the settlement of the Northern Territory and the delay in surveying tbe | ; land, no operations have as yet been commenced. I Since the general meeting of shareholders, held { on the 28th April, at which the deed of settlement j was agreed upon, the attention of the Directors have been principally occupied with ordinary formal matters connected with starting the Com pany. Tbe balance-sheet herewith presented em braces the sums contributed from the first by the proprietors, since 21th March, 1864, and the pay ments for land out of such funds. Besides these accounts there are no tiansactions to record. There being hardly any balance available to meet the incidental expenses, the Directors have made a first call of 2s. 6d. per share—amounting to £455. On the 28th August a deputation from the Board waited upon the Government with a view of ascer taining how soon it would be possible to adopt measures to select land. Since that time it has been publicly notified that Mr. John McKinlay was dispatched by Government minutely to explore the Territory and report upon any sites which would, in his opinion, be better adapted for a settlement and for a town than that previously chosen; and due notice will be given before land can be selected. Under these circumstances, the Directors fear that some time must elapse before the Company will be in a position to take active steps in selecting and occupying the land for which they hold oiders amounting to 24,160 acres country and and 151 town lots." The National Bank of Australasia.—In another place will be found the half- yearly report of this flourishing institution. It exhibits a very satisfactory result from the operations of the past half-year. The gross profits realized since the last statement was made, up to the 30th September, are £60,200 15s. Id. Working expenses, £23,521 9s.- 5d. Net balance, £36,683 5s. Sd. Of this £25,000 is appropriated for a dividend of 10 per cent, per annum. £7,000 is to be credited to the Bank premises and furniture account, and the re maining £5,000 is to be carried forward o next half-year. The Eeserve Fund now stands at the respectable figure of £110,000, thanks to the pre miums on the 25,000 shares recently issued, which at £2 per share brought in £50,000. A further quota of 10,000 shares had been reserved for issue in London, and recent advices warrant a sore hope that they will be all promptly taken up. The Beserve Fund would thereby be increased to £130,000. The paid-up capital now amounts to half a million. The deposits are considerably over a million (£1,090,850 4s. 2d.), and the note circulation is £255,498. Bremer Mine. — The following ■ abstract of Captain Prisk's report on the Bremer Mine, for the month ending 23rd October, has been handed to usI have .great pleasure in stating that tlic mine continues to improve. The lode in the 63, south of engine-shaft, is of immense size. As we have only one wall I cannot say how wide it is, hut in driving and stripping the sides it is yielding about 20 tons to the fathom, and it is the most compact lode I have seen in the Bremer Mine. The north end at this level has not been driven since my last report. The end south at the the 53 fathom, from engine-shaft, has also im proved since last reported on. We have met with a slide Which has taken the lode to the westward. Boundey's lode has also greatly improved in the end driving north at the 33 fathom level crosscut. The lode will average in the mouth three feet wide, and yields from three to four tons to the fathom of rich yellow ore. The ore in this level appeois to be of a better quality than that in tbe main lode; the winze in this lode continues much the same as when last reported on, sinking in dredge work. This winze we hope to have down to the 43 by the end of the month. Tlie new plunger in the bottom of the shaft is working first-rate, and we are commencing to sink to the 73 fathom, where there is every reason to expect an increase in the value of the property. Firewood is coming in plentifully, and we are getting a stock on hand. We have four furnaces at work Quantity of ore raised and dressed during wVia vttAnflr So OH! o " the month is 250 tons. Kabkabilla Mining Company.—The ordi nary half-yearly meeting of the Karkarilla Mining Company was held at the Arbitration Hall, King William-street, «n Friday, October 20. There was not a very numerous attendance of shareholders. Mr. G. White occupied the chair. The seventh half-yearly report and balance- sheet were placed on the table. The Directors' report stated that in the absence of contributions by the shareholders in the shape of calls during the last half-year the working of the mine had been thrown on its own resources; notwithstanding this the Directors were confident, after the expenditure on engine power and other machinery, that during the forthcoming half-year the mine would fully retrieve its position. Then followed the visiting Directors' report, which, after describing tbe various workings on the mine, concluded with the remark that they haa every confidence in its future prospects, and that under the management of the present agent it would prove a valuable property. This was followed by a special report by Captain East on the present appearance and prospects of the mine. It congratulated the shareholders on'the steady progress and general improved position of the mine, and impressed upon them the necessity of giving a fair amount of attention to good speculative points as well as taking away tbe ore discovered, as by so doing they would be carrying out the mine iu accordance with sound practical mining principles, and would in all probability, judging from present appearances, be rewarded with fresh discoveries Commensurate with tbe out lay required. A report was also received from Captain Warren confirmatory of the other reports. The balance-sheet showed a balance in favour of. the Company of £779 8s. 9i. - Mr. Henderson moved the adoption of the report and balance sheet. Mr. Nottage seconded the motion, which was carried. The Secretary (Mr. J. S. Scott) then read the last report which had been received from Captain Warren, describing the progress of tbe works on various portions of the mine. Mr. Thomson proposed that the Directors should visit the mine once in two months. He thought a visit once in six months was insufficient. Mr. Henderson seconded the motion. Mr. J. Clark thought it would be advisable to leave the matter in the hands of the Directors. The Chairman hoped a resolution would be passed to compel the Directors to visit the mine ad least once in two months, and if it was not done he should resign, as he con sidered the property ought to be looked after. The proposition was adopted. The Chairman said the next business was for the mectingto indemnify the Directors for obtaining an overdraft of £5,000 to carry on tbe work. If that was not done there would have to he a call of £1 made. Mr. J. Clark thought it was very reasouaUe that the Directors should be indemnified for the amount alluded to. The Chairman said that if they wished to resort, to a loan. he. was opinion that there would be no difficulty in raising the money. Mr. J. Clark then moved— "That this meeting authorizes the Directors to raise by loan, on security of the whole orlany portion of the property of the Company, a. sum not exceeding £5,000, on such terms and conditions as they may think fit, and authorizes the Directors and Trustees to execute all necessary deeds, and to give in such deeds, powers of sale, and all other powers which the Directors may think fit.' Such sum to be an indemnity to the Directors from loss to the present time, and as working capital for the future.' Mr Bassington seconded the resolution, and Mr. A. Myers supported it. The motion was then put and carried. The number who voted for the motion represented 2,990 shares.! The Chairman 1 said he thought it would be advisable to make some proposition for the opening up of Bower's Lode. Mr. Thomson thought that. it would be | more advisable to leave it in the hands of the Directors. Mr. Nottage coincided with that opinion. Mr. J. Clark thought the proposition should he so expressed that the person whe gave the information to Captain Warren of the lode should receive a bonus of £100 if it could be developed on an expenditure of £100> but if it required £300 then he should only get £50. The Chairman said' that if the matter was left with the Directors they would consider it and' make the best arrange ments they could. The next business was the appointment of Auditors. Messrs. H. S tod art, C. S. Poole, and. J. W. Peryman were duly proposed and seconded, and on being put to the meeting Messrs. H. Stodart and C. S. Poole were appointed for the next six months. . On the motion of Mr. Thomson, seconded by Mr. McLeod, it was resolved to remunerate the Auditors with a fee of £4 4s. each. It was also resolved that the Directors' fees for the ensuing six months should i be the same as the preceding six months. A vote of thanks having been accorded to the Chairman the proceedings closed. Two specimens of ore from the mine were exhibited on the table. One ■ was a purple and grey ore obtuned from No. 2 , shaft under the 70-fathom level, and the other was a grey ore obtained from the winze in the bottom ] of the 60-fathom level. . Some plans of the property were also exhibited. ' A Bunaway.—About half-past 11 o'clock on Friday morning, as a horse attached to a light spring-cart belonging to Mr. F. A. Janzen, of Bundle-street, was standing in front of its master's shop, it became frigh'ened at some timber that was being put into tbe cart, and started off towards the upper end of Bundle-street. It proceeded at a moderate pace until it had passed the Tavistock Hotel, when it turned round into Tavistock-street at a momentarily increasing speed. On reaching North-terraoe it turned off. towards the Botanic Garden, where it made another turn, and' after traversing part of East-terrace got into Bundle street again, when its mad -career was suddenly terminated by the capsizing of the cart. Some persons ran up and secured the animal, which did not seem any the worse for its wild freak. The ironwork of the cart was twisted, hut Uej-tifld this no damage was sustained. Concert or Sacked Music.—The Ly^tcr Open Company gave-a concerted sacred musicon Monday evening in White's Assembly Boom, which was attended by a very large assemblage, including Lady Daly and several members of her family. The performances consisted of selections from Handel's "Messiah," Mendelssohn's "Elijah," and Haydn's "Creation." This arrangement, though it necessarily destroyed the unity of design upon which the oratorio is based, enabled the audience to some extent to judge of and compare the respective styles of the three great Herman I composers. The first part of the programme con sisted of 12 selections from the "Messiah,'' com mencing with the overture and concluding with the majestic "Hallelujah." The soaring genius of Handel, like that of Milton, having passed the frontiers of " this visible diurnal sphere," has, in this sublime oratorio, poured upun human ears the " mighty thunderings" of the heavens. But it was not possible for so small a company to interpret Handel's massive choruses, and with the exception of the "Hallelujah" they wisely refrained from the attempt. Mr. Squires gav« the recitative "Comfort ye," and the air | "Every valley," with great taste, though with scarcely sufficient power to be heard above the instrumental accompaniment. His very melo dious voice was heard to much greater advantage in llossini's "Oujus Animam," which was intro duced in the second part, with piano accompani ment. Mr. F. Lyster was correct and effective in the difficult bass solo, " The people that walked in j darkness." Miss Hodson next gave, with almost j sorrowful expression, the exquisitely plaintive air. "He was despised." The accompaniment with j the stringed instruments, con sordini, was delight ful. Miss Neville's fine soprano teice was heard to great advantage in the air "But Thou didst I not leave." Mr. Wharton sang the magnificcut I bass solo, " The tiumpet shall sound," almost con rabbia. The attempt to perform the trumpet obligato on the cornopean was a failure, and should not have been made. Madame Escott j sang the favourite air, "I know that my Kedeemer [ livetli," very tastefully. The "Hallelujah" was j given with a great deal of spirit and precision, though we have certainly heard it performed j equally well by amateurs on the same platform. The second part of the programme consisted principally of selections from the "Elijah." Mendelssohn in this oratorio, as in his "St. Paul," relates his historical incidents in the simple reci tative. But in the concerted pieces he revels in all the elaborations of counterpoint and the intricacies of the double fugue. His modulations also are so frequent and abrupt, yet so skilfully wrought our, as to render the oratorio, considered as a work of j art, gorgeous as a grand procession in "the city of the Sultan, seen from the dizzy heights of the Seraskier's tower." The selection on Monday even ing from the "Elijah" comprised only afew of the lighter compositions of that work. This was judi cious. The choruses would have been feeble without a considerable accession of vocal strength. Mr. Wharton delivered the very difficult air in F minor. " It is enough," accurately, aud with an evident perception of the mental anguish intended to be conveyed. Miss Hodson was encored in the sweetly simple air, "O, rest in the Lord;" and the same compliment was paid to Miss Neville imme diately afterwards for her tasteful rendering of the admired air from Handel's "Samson," "Angels, ever bright and fair," which by the way was per formed slower than usual, though perhaps without auy loss in its effect on that account. Passing j over several other pieces included in the second part, we may mention that it was concluded with the well-known quartette from the "Elijah," "Cast thy burden upon the Lord," which was very beautifully suug by Madame Escott, MisB Hodson, and Messrs. Beaumont and Wharton. The selections from the "Creation,'' which consti tuted the third part of the entertainment, included the following:-Introductory overture; air, "With verdure clad," Miss Duraud; recitative and air, "On mighty pens," Madame Escott; recitative, "And Cod created man," Mr. Beaumont; air, "In native worth," Mr. Beaumont; recitative and air, "Now Heaven in fullest gloiy," Mr. F. Lyster; grand chorus, " The Heavens are ' telling." Haydn, in essaying to sing "How the heavens and earth rose out of chaos," manifestly felt that j "the grandeur of his subject was his muse." His invention is inexhaustible, ana his de scriptive powers marvellous. His melodies are remarkable for their extreme elegance, and his compositions generally are wrought up to the highest degree of finish. The performance by ■the orchestra of the overture, in which Haydn has attempted to describe in musical language the wild uproar of "Chaos and ancient Night," was exceedingly good, but was deficient in power. Miss ■ Durand's "With verdure clad" was to some extent a failure. The air "On mighty pens" was sung by Madame Escott with much taste and expression, and the accompaniment was really brilliant. Great praise is also due to Mr. B -aumont and Mr. Lyster j for their admirable rendering of the recitatives and oiia indicated above. Mr. Beaumont not only has a splendid voice, but the rare ability of the most distinct enunciation. He is also an excellent | timist, and with these qualifications he can scarcely fail to be effective. The "Heavens are telling," with which the concert was con- j ciuded. was but indifferently performed; possibly it had not been sufficiently reh.arsed. The enter tiimnent was not concluded till nearly half-past 11 o'clock. Ltsteb's Concert. — There wasa closely-packed audience on Tuesday at White's Booms, on which j occasion Lyster's Opera Company gave a miscel- I laneons concert—one of the most successful in all ! respects that has ever taken*place in the colony. The entertainment opened, after an overture by the orchestra, with a song, "TheSthrup cup," by Mr. Sutcliff— a singer whom the public have not seen before, we believe, unless in the choruses. He has a good baritone voice, and he used it well. With more animation, he would be a telling singer. But the most striking parformances in the first part of the entertainment were Mr. Beau mont's "Goodnight, beloved," and his duet with Afdlle. Durand, "Tornarmiardir." In the second part Mr. Squires gave "II mio tesero" with excellent effect, and Madame Escott was loudly applauded in the recitative and, scena, " Oh, mio Fernando.'' The duet " Ye Banks and Braes" was also, as a matter of course, enthusiastically received. Miss Hodson and Air. Squires eclipsed even themselves in this simple song. Mr. Kitts next sang a j capital song, "The Winter Log," in a way which j listeners who have heard him only in operas would not have expected. The second part con cluded with the well-known "Soldier's Chorus" in the fourth act of " Faust." The martial sounds of victory rang out gloriously, but were rather ] overpowering to people who sat Dear the platform. In the third part of the entertainment the orchestra | delighted the audience with a potpourri of Irish airs Madame Escott then gave the aria " Dove Souo" with her usual care and finish, and Miss Hodson j followed with a comic medley, which 'showed < the audience a new side to that lady's singing and acting. Later in the evening Air. F. Lyster gave the "Largo al Factotum,'' from the" Barber of Seville," with as much animation, humour, and unction as though he were in the full swing of the opera, and had the liberal Count, with his ready purse, standing before him. This was one of the best things of the evening. The other singers were -Miss Neville —who was much applauded—and Air. Wharton, who sang the "Last Alan" with considerable power and expression. Wednesday Evening's Concert.—The Lyster Opera Company gave a farewell concert cf miscel- j laneous music on Wednesday evening in White's Assembly Boom. The attendance was very small as compared with what it was at the previous con certs. In entertainments of tliis kind the pcrfor I mers appear to considerable disadvantage. In the j opera there are not only the accessories of scenery, properties, and dresses, but that unity of design upon which the composer relies for many of his most impressive situations and effects. But not only is all this wanting in such an entertainment as that given on Wednesday evening, but however skilfully the programme may be arranged, in congruities must necessarily exist which can scarcely be concealed. A cantatrice steps gracefully upon the platform, arrayed in the gossamer costume of the ball-room, and im mediately commences to relate, in recila'ive or aria, how she has escaped from the pursuit of | some ruthless banditti; or, it may be, she : implores in tones of intense earnestness the affection of some obdurate cavalier who is not at her side. Anomalies of this kind must be felt by every true artist who appears in public under such disadvantageous circum stances as those we have indicated. We refer to theni here for the purpose of emphasising the fact that, notwithstanding their existence, the per formances on Wednesday evening were, on the whole, decidedly successful The programme con sisted of a'selection of somethinglikethirty. com positions. of almost every variety of shade and colour,, from the elaborate overture to the simplest ballad. Several alterations were necessarily made in the arrangement on account of the unavoidable absence of Madame Escott and Miss Durand, on whose behalf Mr. Loder apologized, and stated ■ that they were quite unable to sing on account of affections of the throat. The vocal performances of the rest of the company were, for the most part, such as fully to s us tarn the high reputation they | have attained as accomplished artists. The band was brilliant, both in the overtures and in the accompaniments. The first part of the entertain ment went off lather tamely, but later in the even ing the audience was enthusiastic in their applause. Mr. Lyster and his company on leaving Adelaide will cany with them the congratulations of a large circle of admirers. Eiverina-—A Alelboume paper says:—"The large tract .of country know n as the Eiverine district is being gradually opened up, notwith- j standing the drought during the past season. For some time past a coach has been running as far as ] Booligal, and we understand that it is purposed shortly to put on a coach between that township, which iE situated on the Laclilan Biver, and Me nindie, on the Biver Darling. Wells are being sunk on many of the back blocks, and in several cases with great success, the water obtained being pure and free from brackishness." The Bdshrakger Dunn.—The Maitland Jtfer- i citrjr states-that the notorious outlaw Dunn had J made his appearance on the Darling. He wa6 traced cleverly by the Laclilan police on the Bogan, and from thence to the Umsah Creek, where be evaded his pursuers, but it is generally expected that he has crossed the Darling and made for the Culgoa, seeking Thunderbolt's haunts, with the intention of joining him. He is a young man, about 18 or 19, freckled or dimpled, raised nose, and stands j about C ft. a in. high. The police were ail out, aud j the greatest alarm prevailed i Mount Lily Mining Company.—A general , meeting xg the shareholders in the Mount Lily ] Mining Company was held in White's Arbitration j Boom, King William-street, on TAiesday afternoon, October 24, toagiee to the deed of settlement and j to elect Directors and Auditors. About 25 persons j weie present, and Mr. W. A Hughes occupied the j cliair. Mr. Iugleby, the Solicitor to the Company, who was in attendance for the purpose, explained that the Companies Act of 1S64 did away with the difficulty formerly connected with long deeds of settlement, and supplied a form open to modifica tion, in accordance with which the deed was to be drawn up. He proposed that after they had gone through the various clauses copies of the proposed deed should be ciAulated amongst the members, and if any person should deem it necessary to make any aiteratious they should attend afuture meeting for that purpose. Mr. Ingleby then read the pro posed form for the deed of settlement, which, after some modifications, was agreed to. The balloting for Directors and Auditors resulted in the appoint ment of the following gentlemen to those offices Directors—Messrs. E. M. Bagot, W. A. Hughes, W. Hay, G. Bennett, and J. Payne. Auditors— ] Messrs. C. S. Poole and F. Wickstetd. A vote o thanks having been accorded to the Chairman the meeting adjourned to a future day, after passing a resolution that the Directors be empowered to commence working the mine as soon as possible. Wilkawat Mining Compant. — A special general meeting of the shareholders in the Wilka- j wat Mining Company was held in the Napoleon Bonaparte on Monday afternoon, to confirm a pro posed addition to the eighth clause of the articles j of the Association agreed to at the last meeting Three persons were present, and Mr. John Clark I occupied the cliair, when a motion in accordance j with tl.e object of the meeting was carried. Port Adelaide Smelting Works.—On Satur day evening, the 21st instant, about 6!) of the | smelters at Fort Adelaide and the Burra met in the Lass o' Gowrie Hotel, at the Port, to present a valuable gold watch to Mr. Mala phont, their late Superintendent, who is leaving for England in the St. Leonards. They spent a very pleasant evening. Accident.—On Tuesday, October 24. an acci dent occurred to James Chartress, a workman in the employ of Messrs. Horwood & EUis, Hindley street. He was engaged in removing some iron, when the small truck in which it was being conveyed, and which contained about a half a ton, fell over upon him. Although at first casiderable fears j were entertained for him, the doctor has now pro nounced him of danger, and he will probably be I able to resume his employment in two or tiiree days. Caution to Parents.—On Tuesday afternoon a little girl, step-daughter of Sergeant Ethridge, of the Metropolitan Police, was lift in a room with another child, when, they possessed themselves of I a box of matches. The little girl, who is only j three years of age, struck some matches and placed them whilst ignited in her lap. Her clothing, consisting of a light cotton fabric, was soon in a flame, and her cries attracted her mother. Dr. Frankis was called in immediately after the accident, and he has been assiduous in his en deavours to mitigate the child's sufferings. Last evening the [little tufftrer was in such a dangerous state that she was not expected to live through the night. Accident.—Between 8 and 9 o'clock on Wednes day week an accident happened at Biumberg to a man named John Kinnane. lie was riding on horseback on the main road, and when passing a cart his horse shied and came violeutly into col lision with the cart, breaking his rider's leg. The man was speedily taken to a place of safety, and medical assistance procured. He was brought the following day to the Hospita', where on enquiry last night we learned that he was progressing favourably. It is expected that he will be about again in a month or five weeks. The Central Boad Board.—The Hon. the Treasurer (Mr. Walter Duffield) stated in the House on Wednesday, October 25, that m conse quence of his having accepted the position in the Ministry he now occupied he intended to vacate his seat in the Central Board of Main Boads. Kangaroo Sausages.—Mr. Edwards, butcher, of Hindley-street, has introduced a new article of diet in the shape of sausages made from the hind quarters of the kangaroo. Judging from the taste it seems not improbable that if they can be made in sufficient quantities they will be used occa sionally as a substitute for other kinds of meat. It is well known that the kangaroo abounds in some parts of the colony; and if they cau be made avail able for food during the present scarcity of meat it will be a very great desideratum. As yet Mr. Edwards has only made a few sausages for his own use; but no doubt he as well as other members of the trade would be willing to repeat the experi- j meut if they saw a likelihood of it3 being appre- j ciated by the public. Cowardly Assault and Serious Besult.—A man named George Nixon Smith, a dairyman, residing at Rosewater, sustained a serious injury through a kick by a drayman, named Robert Sutcliffe, at the Portland Hotel, Port-road. It appears that about 8 o'clock on Tuesday evening. Smith, having served his customers at the Port | with milk, was returning home in his cart, and called at the Portland Hotel. He there met Sut. cliffe, who is stated to have been under the influence of liquor, aud who commenced to "chaff"1 Smith, who went outside. Sutcliffe followed, and high words ensued, till Smith took ! hold of Sutcliffe's horse's head, he having backed the dray against his (Smith's) cart. Upon this : Sutcliffe struck him, blows were exchanged, and Smith was endeavouring to get into his cart, when Sutcliffe kicked him on the leg with such violence that the ankle was completely dislocated, and the bone protruded through the flesh. Some bystanders carried the poor fellow into the house, and he was afterwards, by direction of Mr. Forwcod, surgeon, removed to the Adelaide Hospital. Sutcliffe has been arrested on a warrant for felonious assault. We were informed yesterday that such unfavour able symptoms had supervened as to render it | necessary that a Magistrate should take his depo sition, which was accordingly done. A Mishap.—About half-past 9 o'clock on Satur- ! day night, as the shutters were being put up at the j shop of Sir. W. WarJ; Bundle-street, <jne of them got loose and fell on a young woman who was i passing. She was knocked down into the gutter, aud on being picked up she showed incipient symp toms of a fit. However, on cold water being applied to her face, she revived and shortly afterwards walked away apparently better. The Kiver Darung Trade. —The new steamer Queen, Captain Barber, sailed from Goolwa on Saturday for the River Darling. Being of very light draught, it is expected she will reach Mount Murchison. The Annual Lease Question. —His Honor Mr. Justice Boothby on Monday, October 23, made an order setting aside writs of summons granted the Crown in several cases in which they had been issued out against annual lessees. Othir | points taken against the informations of intrusion filed in those cases were referred to the Full Court. The Rev. O. Colwell.—The Rev. Charles Colwell, who has for some considerable time past been in a very delicate state of health, died at the residence of Mr. L. Roach on Saturday about mid night. The rev. gentleman was a Wesleyan, and minister of the Wallaroo Circuit. He had come to Adelaide to attend the annual district meeting. His loss is deeply regretted by the whole Wesleyan Church, as he was an.earnest, devoted minister. We may add that he has left a widow and one | child. The remains cf the late Rev. C. Colwell -were interred on Monday morning at the | West-ter;ace Cemetery. About 11 o'clock the body was conveyed to the Pirie- street Chapel, where, in the presence of a large concourse of ] persons, a portion of the funeral service was read. It was then put into the hearse, and the mournful cortige started for its final destination. It in cluded five mourning coaches, after which came 2'J private vehicles, besides a considerable number of persons on foot. The following ministers of the Wesleyan denomination were present:—Revs. J. Watt-ford, S. Ironside, M, Wilson, J. Cope, N. Bennett, W. Brown, R. C. Flockart, J. S. Greer, W. M. Bennett, J. Allen, H. Chester, H. Bath, C. H. Goldsmith, T. Lloyd, ■ H. T. Burgess, 1>. S. Wylie, W. Hill, 0. T. New man (a colleague of the deceased), J. D. Q. Robin, J. J. Watsford, H. Edmunds, aud W. S. AVorth. Of other denominations there were present the Revs. J. Gardner, J. Maughan, F. W. Cox, W. Wilson (of Wallaroo), TL Cole, A. Pithouse, and J. G. Wright. The funeral arrangements were under the superintendence of Mr. S. Mayfield. At the crave the Rev. J. Watsford. read the burial service, the solemn rites concluding with prayer by the Rev. R. C. Flockart. Kent Town Wesleyan Bazaar.—A supple mentary bazaar in aid of the funds of the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church was opened on Wednesday in Mr. StarneB's (coaehbuilder) new j showroom, Kent Town. A large quantity of goods remaining unsold from the last bazaar had been collected, making up a very good show of the usual articles to be scan at such sales. The tables ! were under the superintendence of the followirg ladiesMesdames Ironside, Colton, Padmar, Longbottom, Coulls, Jewell, Acraman, Shuttle worth, Ingram, Holmes, Pitt, and Blackham. The attendance during the evening was fair; not many attending during the afternoon, no doubt in consequence of the extreme heat of the weather. The bazaar was continued on Thursday, when there was a much larger attendance of visitors. In the evening the remaining portion of the goods were disposed of by auction, Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., kindly rendering his assistance in selling them. At the conclusion the Committee ex pressed their thanks to Mr. Townsend for his kindness. The amount realized is not exactly known, hut it is thought it will be about £100. Inspection of the Town Hall.—On Thursday morning His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide accompanied the ministers belonging to the Wes leyan Methodist denomination at present in Adelaide, to the number of about 24, in an inspec tion of the new Town Hall. After the building ] had been examined and duly admired, the party partook of a light luncheon, and the Rev. J Watsford, on behalf of the ministers assembled, thanked His Worship for his Courtesy and hos pitality. The Murray River.—The Mk-erina Herald of October 21 reports the Murray at Kchucato be II feet above summer level, and falling. Accident to the SEcsse. Mr. Phillips.—It was reported in town on Saturday that a serious accident had happened to this gallant gentleman near the scene of the accident with which his name is so nobly -associated. We weie informed that he was riding on the beach on Saturday afternoon, when in passing a sandhill his horse , | missed its footing and rolled over with hip? Jt i was with great difficulty, and only after nrotracted i j struggling, that Mr. Phillips contrived to liberate ! himself. Ehfter during the struggle or imme- ' diately after the horse kicked him on the hack of j the head, and he was carried into the house of ' lie ttTi — a state of insensibility. ^ Phillips has since sufficiently recovered to receive a deputation, particulars of which will be found elsewhere. Murder axd Sheepstealikg or the Far North". Police-trooper l'oynter arrived in town by the steamer Lubra, from Port Augusta, on Sun day evening, having in custody the native Parral lana Jacky, on a charge of murdering, on the 13th April last, a shepherd named John Walter Jarrold, employed on the station of Messrs. Jacobs. He also brought down Mrs. .Forbes (a native), who is charged with sheepstealing on the same station. The male prisoner was tried at the Police Court at Port Augusta, and was remanded for a week to the AdeiuidePolice Court, where he and Mrs. Forbes will be tried on Wednesday next. A Smash.—On Thursday week, about 2 o'clock, Mrs. Pi ess, of Hindmarsb, accompanied by another female, visited the West-terrace Ceme tery. 3 hey had a horse and spring-cart, and upon entering the gate was closed, and Mrs. Press took off the horse's winkers with a view to give it some provender whilst she would he engaged. The horse suddenly started off amongst the graves, the cart breaking or knocking down several head stones until it came into collision with a tomb, which smashed it from the shafts. The horse with part of one shaft dangling by its side next made for the gate which it cleared, but the broken shaft got entangled in it and acting as a iever carried a great part of it away. Having demolished the gate, the horse, now freed from the wreck, started northward along West-terrace, but was caught near the Flagstaff. Fortunately no per sonal injury was sustained, but in addition to the breakage, it is thought the horse will never be itself again so greatly was it shaken. Suicide and Coroner's Inquest.-On Saturday morning, October 21, the police at Port Adelaide received intimation that a woman, named Catherine Lamming, had committed suicide by hanging herself in a watercloset. Information was im mediately sent to the Coroner, who at noon held an inquest on the body at the White Horse Cellars. The Jury, having been sworn in, pro ceeded to a house in Leadenhall-street where the body was lying. At the rear was a wooden watercloset with a piece of thin hut strong cord suspended from the inside of the roof. On re assembling, Thomas Lamming, labourer, deposed that the deceased was his wife, and that she was 28 years of age. They went to bed together the pre vious night, but he was aroused about 4 o'clock by his wife whom he found dressed. On enquiry she stated she was going outside for a necessary purpose, endeavoured to dissuade her, but she went out. He dosed off, hut was shortly after awoke by her return. She spoke, and he again went to sleep, hut awoke at daylight by the cry ing of the child." Tlie door was open, and his wife was not in the room. Waited a short time, but becoming afraid that something was wrong, he went outside, and found her hanging by the cord in the closet. He raised her and called for assistance, and she was cut down. Her body was warm, but she was quite dead. The deceased had been in low spirits for some time. They had been living in the husli until the last few weeks, and she was afraid they would not be able to return before what money they had was gone. Witness had en deavoured to cheer her up. She had always had the necessaries of life since their return, but when he lived in the Port before he was unable to obtain work, and they then went short. The child was eight months old, and she had suckled it until the last week, when lier milk left her. She had good health till they came to the Port, hut had gradually become lower. Alexander Beid, labourer, stated that he was coming along the Port-road about 6 o'clock that morning, when he heard a man calling. He ran to the spot and found the last witness holding up the deceased, and he cut the cord. He then went for Br. Getliing and Dr. Duncan, and afterwards to the Police Station. Both doctors attended imme diately, but the woman was dead. Mary Galaghtr stated that she lived in the same house as the deceased and her husband, and slept in an ad joining room. She was awoke by the cryiug of the baby, and Lamming enquired if his wife was there. Shortly after he went out and she heard a noise, and upon ascertaining the cause ran for a knife. Had known the deceased some time. She never spoke of destroying herself. She and her husband lived happily together. The Coroner remarked that temporary insanity was not uncommon with women when suddenly losing their milk, and from the evidence they had the only verdict they could record was that the deceased destroyed her=elf whilst in a state of temporary insanity. The Jury, without retiring, adopted the verdict suggested by His Worship. Botanic Gardens.—Captain Varrangot, of the French barque Eeiue, has presented to the Gardens a veiy novel canoe, brought by him from Manila on his last voyage there. She is hewn from a solid log of great length and depth, hut very little beam, being kept upright by an outrigger when in use. This class of boat sails remarkably fast, and the natives are very expert in their management; but all things considered, she is not quite as safe as a lifeboat, nor as comfortable in a seaway. This acquisition to the Gardens will doubtless com mand some attention. The Moonta Case.—A letter from London by the last mail informs us that the Moonta case was to be argued in November. Accident.—A little a'ter 9 o'clock on Wednes day morning ahorse attached to a covered car on the stand in Ling Wiliiam-strect entangled its nose-strap on the shaft of the car, and in the struggles of the animal to free itself the bridle came off. The horse immediately turned round and started off towards North-terrace. As it was turning round by the Gresham Hotel it came in contact with a dray laden with sand coming from the opposite direction. The collision was euffi ciently violent to capsize the car. The driver who had been in the vehicle the whole of the time, vainly endeavouring to stop the affrighted animal' was thrown violently to the ground. He, however' escaped unhurt. Both shafts of the car were broken short off and it was much injured in other respects. The horse managed to free itself from the vehicle, and it rushed down the terrace with the two shafts dangling behind. It had not pro ceeded far before it came in contact with a coloured man's orange-truck, which it turned over, scatter, ing the contents in the road. The horse slackened its speed as it approached the Bailway Station, and it quietly stopped on arrivingin front of the station house, apparently but little the worse for its wild escapade. First Adelaide Rifles.—Firing for Company's prizes, Monday, October 23; 200, 300, 509, and COO yards, 10 rounds each distance:—1st, Beyer 88 roints; 2nd, Moody, 86 da; 3rd, Leaver, B., 69 do - Logan, 67 do.; Boss, 64 do.; Haverland, 47 do • Nottage, 40 do.; and TolJey, 39 do. Value of fiist prize, 40 per cent, of the sum fired for by the Com pany; second prize, 3"i per cent.; third prize, 20 per cent.; and two distance prizeB of 5 per cent each won by Logan and Ross. Private Beyer was the winner last year also. Supply of Meat.-The tender of Mr. J. Edwards to supply the Government establishments with meat during the mouths of November and Decem ber, at 3jd. per lb., has been accepted. Loafers in Eiyerina—The Riverine Berald has from tune to time dwelt upon the fact that the district is overrun with hordes of men looking or pretending to look, for work. The evil has increased from being an intolerable tax on the hospitality of the settlers to one affecting the public safety, as recently several horrible outrages have been committed. The Herald of the 14th October contains particulars of an occurrence which may operate as a check on the lawlessness of the Tasmaman desperadoes who have so long victimized, plundered, and abused the peaceful and industrious residents in Biverina. A scoundrel named Thomas Dunn, who arrived in Melbourne frpm Launceston by the Black Swan steamer on the 21st May, attempted, near the Campaspe Bail way Station, to outrage a married woman named Amora O'Brien. Her cries brought her husband to her assistance, and the villain made off. O'Brien having restore! his wife, who was nearly exhausted m defending herself, pursued the scoundrel bor rowing a gun at a neighbour's house. About half a mile from the scene of his attempted violence Dunn was overtaken; but, when challenged, refused with threats to surrender, at the same time drawing and presenting a pistol at his pur suer. O Bnen then, in self-defence, fired, and the marauder fell, as it afterwards was ascertained mortally wounded. The affair was immediately reported to the police, who accompanied O'Brien to the spot where they found the body of Dunn quite dead. An inquest was held, the Jury returned a verdict of justifiable homicide and O Bnen was placed under arrest, but admitted to bau. Mauritius.—From a private letter from Mau ritius, dated September 14, we learn that the ves sels loading or about to load at Port Louis for the Australian Colonies were as follow :-Fannv Nicholson and Scotsman, for Sydney Sea Nymph, for Adelaide; Pioneer, for Auckland -and Emma, for Otago. ' Illustrated Papers.-Wc have received the Illustrated Sydney Heirs and the Illustrated Melbourne Post. Both papers contain carefullv compiled summaries of news likely to he interest ing and instructive to home readers. The illustra tions include views of town and country cit architecture, and river scenery. There are ate fancy sketches, such as "Dying in the flush," am pictorial records of stirring events, such as thi pliant rescue of drowning men by the Hon. Mr Phillips at Marino. Vital SrATiewcs—The number of births anc deaths registered m the District of Adelaid. ; during the week ended Saturday, the 21st o October, were:-Births-25 males, 41 females Deaths—8 mates. 4 females. Total—66 births, 12 deaths. Excess of births, 54. Piehs-street Chapel.—The anniversary ser vices of Pirie-street Wesl^ss Chapel were com menced on Sunday, October 22. In the morning j the Rev. S. Worth, of Kooringa, preached from | Judges iii. 20:—"I have a message from God unto I thee." In the evening the Bev. John Watsford j discoursed from Revelations xxi., 9, 10, and II verses. The rev. gentleman selected his text as being appropriate to the sad event which occurred on Saturday night-tlie death of the Bev. C. Col well, and spoke of the loss the Church had thereby sustained. He preached a most eloquent and earnest discourse. Collections were made at each service, and amounted to about £36. On Monday a tea was held in the Lecture Ball, at which a con siderable number of persons were present. A I public meeting followed, beiug well attended. The pulpit and organ-loft were draped in black, in consequence of the death of the late Sir. Colwell, whose funeral sermon it was announced will be ! preached in Pirie-street Chapel on Friday evening j next by the Bev. .F. Watsford. Mr. J. Colton presided. He said their prosperity had been i great during the year in various ways, but they had not been able to reduce the debt, as a con- I siderable amount (£294) had been expended in I repairing and beautifying tbe chapel. He was ] happy to say their income had met the expen diture. He expressed regret at the large amount I of debt still resting on the place, as they in a short time thaught of addressing themselves to the question of providing suitable accoommodation I for the citizens to the west of them in | the city. He hoped they would assist to the best of their ability, and in a short time they would be able to accomplish that neces sary work. The Chairman then, as Treasurer, read a balance-sheet, which showed a balance due to the Treasurer of £146 12s. lid. The actual in come for the year, made up of pew rents and ! other incomings, was £553; and their expenditure had been about £100 less, thus leaving them that | sum to the good. The Bev. Ma'thew Wilson j spoke on the "Advantages of Public Worship." He briefly remarked on the duty, the importance, and reasonableness of acknowle'dging the God who [ luid made, preserved, and redeemed them. The I Bev. S. Ironside gave an address on the subject of | "The House of God, its Associations and its Privileges." The Bev. Henry Bath followed on "Beligion as affecting the best Interests of the World." The Bev. W. S. Worth had as a topic I "The Preaching of the Gospel." The Bev. J Watsford spoke on "Christian Benificence." He referred to the numerical increase in the Church within the year, and expressed his joyful feelings at once more meeting his old congregation in that place. A collection was then made, which, with the pro ceeds of the tea, amounted to about £35. The Bev. E. C. Fiockart moved " That the thanks of the meeting be presented to the ladies who have so kindly provided the tea, also to the ladies of the Sewing Committee for their continued ex ertions on behalf of the Trust Fund, to the choir I for their music, and to the ministers who have delivered the speeches during the evening. The Bev. XV. M. Bennett seconded, and it was carried unanimously. The Bev. J. Cope moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Colton, and the Bev. N. Bennett seconded, and the motion was carried by acclamation. Several anthems were given by the choir at intervals in a very creditable manner. The doxology and benediction brought the pro ceedings to a close. German Fete.—The annual fSte in connection ! with the Deutsche Schuie kept by Messrs. Leschen j and Niehuus in Wakefield-strcet took place on I Monday, on the grounds immediately in the rear of the Maid and Magpie, Stepney. There were about 120 scholars present, in addition to whom were a large number of friends.'principally Germans. The procession started at 9 o'clock in the morning, headed by Schrader'6 Band. After traversing Bundle- street, they proceeded along the road by Bailey's Garden to their destination. The object of tbe gathering was not only to give the boys a holiday; but also to allow them to compete for a number of prizes and for the kingship of the school. Shortly after arriving at the appointed place the competitors commenced firing with a crossbow at an eagle placed about 30 feet from the ground The conditions were that whoever knocked a hole' through the centre of it was to have the first prize, the others being allotted according to the effect of the firing on the"other portions of the eagle. The first prize ultimately fell to Car Rasche, who in the evening wag conveyed in triumph to his home in Stepney. The procession started for town about half-past 6 o'clock, after having enjoyed a very pleasant day's amusement. Simpson's Colonial Tinware Manufactory. —We some time ago noticed this establishment as remarkable for the labour-saving machinery employed in it and the large amount of work it turns out. The spirited proprietor has gone on adding to and improving his machinery, whilst the rate of production, as might have been expected, is greatly increased. The jam trade with Melbourne, which has lately received a severe check from the greater encouragement given in Tasmania to the manufacture of a similar article, owed in a great measure its short-lived prosperity to the cheap packages which Mr. Simpson's improved - appliances enabled him to supply to jam-ex porters. The duty, however, on tinplates and sugar, although not heavy, as such gave an advan tage to that extent to the Tasmanian fruitgrowers, which enabled them toa very considerable degree to monopolize the colonial markets. It would be diffi cult to conceive anything more complete than Mr bimpson s appliances for the manufacture of jam tins The machinery is so perfect, and withal so simple, that little boys efficiently superintend every process, from the cutting of the tinplates to the piling of the finished articles ready to meet the demands of customers. When taken from the boxes, 3. little boy places two plates of tin upon J the bed of a machine, which, by pressing a treadle cuts them to the size required, which is regulated by a gauge, tight of such pieces of tin are placed between rollers, which turn them to a complete cylindrical form ready for soldering. A little boy next pushes a cylinder upon a round block pro jecting from .a bench in front of him. so that one edge of the tin o verlaps the other, and then drops upon tliem a simple hut effective contrivance, which, by means of a treadle, keeps the tin in its place, and leaves hit hands at libertv to pick ud rosin and a heated soldering-iron, and with a back ward and forward motion he solders the cylinder It may be necessary to state that the appliance which holds the cylinder while it is being soldered would if cut across present a section like the letter V with a slit at the bottom to allow the solder and heated iron to be applied to the tin. Whilst this is going on other buys are engaged stamping the tops and cutting and turning the edges of the bottoms of the tins, all of which is done by means of presses and dies with wonderful speed and fault ess exactness. In another part of the esta blishment solder is cast into ingots or plates 3 feet 6 inches long. 4 inches wide, and about five-eighths of an inch thick. These are passed through a rolling press until reduced to less than one-sixteenth of an inch thick, by which time they i have attained a length of 14 feet. Another press cuts the solder into square threads, and these are rolled round a mould cut to the necessary length, dropped into the cylinders upon which the bottoms have been placed, aua removed to a ' covered furnace, where they are subjected for a moment to the action of heat, and with a little dexterous manipulation the bottoms are soldered on. The same process is applied to the tops, but iii tnem a central opening is left to admit of the tins being njjed with jam, and the covering of that ; aperture is alwaj's soldered on by the jam-manu facturer., We have been thus particular, perhaps tedious, in describing the manufacture of jam tins. the work itself is dispatched with a rapidity most surprising; in fact, Atr. Simpson, with liis I stock and means of multiplying it, is in a position ' to meet any demands that are likely to be made ' upon mm during the coining season. The manu facture of biscuit, coffee, and confectionary tins, as well ashousehoM and dairy utensils, is carried on extensively by Mr. Simpson, whose list of goods m stock comprises some curiously diverse produc tions; for instance camp-kettles and calves' muzzles, publicans* lamps and bacon- toasters, wheat-samplers and shower-baths. It would appear that there is a considerable trade springing up in Simpson's patent Adelaide ovens, which are said to greatly economize the consumption of fueL expedite cooking; aie not liable to warp or twist,. and the flue is self- cleansing. The upper plates are formed of twopieceaofcastiron, joined so aBtoadmit of expansion and contraction. The oven proper is an isolated chamber round which the heated air has free play, and very little caloric escapes through the flue. It is adapted for use either in the open air or m a common fireplace; the fuel used Is avail able tor other culinary operations, and when its advantages are better known it will, there can bono doubt, come into very general use. Mr. Simpson ha9 also commenced the manufacture of fire and robber proof safes, which combine all the improve ments of recent experience with the advantage of being made on the spot to order to fit any recess or of apy size required, at prices lower than inferior articles can be imported. There is a four horse power steam-engine employed in driving the rolling and cutting presses; it is also occasionally applied to the large lathe, where very superior brass work is executed. The brazen water-pans which surmount the gas stoves in the Supreme Court-House to com pensate by evaporation for the humidity absorbed from the atmospheric air by that mode of heating the building were made in this lathe, as are also caps for buggy-wheel naves, and other work requiring exactness of construction and beauty of finish. Like many other establishments that supply articles of general demand, Mr. Simpson's factory bas absorbed from time to time adjacent buildings, until at length it occupies a considerable portion of the south-eastern end of Gawler-place. At present neither the exterior nor the interior are worthy of the business done there: but Mr. Simp s°,n. intends shortly to erect a handsome structure, which will combine convenience for the manu facture he carries on and commodious show-rooms for the display of goods ready for removal. Port Adelaide Police Court. —At the Port Adelaide Police Court on Thursday, Robert Snt cliffe was brought before Mr. G. W. Hawkes, charged with having feloniously assaulted George Nixon Smith. Evidence was given that the pri soner kicked Smith, and that when picked up his leg was broken, and he was conveyed to the Hospital The case was remanded for further evi dence, and the prisoner admitted to bail. An information againbt the Secretory of the Marine Board for erecting a wooden building near the Flagstaff Steps, contrary to the building clause of the Corporation Act, was withdrawn, the Marine Board having complied with the provisions of the Act by covering the building with iron. Two respectable women were charged, one with stealing and (he other with receiving 6ome pieces of wood, the pro perty of Mr. F. J. Thwaites, but as it was shown that the prosecutor had given permission for the parties to gather chips from his premises the case was dismissed. The prosecutor in the last case was charged with assaulting Charles Brown, the husband of one *f the female defendants, and after a great deal of contradictory evidence the de fendant was fined 46s. and costs. PbesentatioxJto the Hon. S. Peillips.—Tlte | presentation of an address and testimonial to the I Hon. S. Phillips, M.L.C. ot Western Australia, as I a recognition of his gallant conduct is rescuiug two of the crew of thedespatch- boat, swamped near Marino on September 23. took place at Bishop's Court, North Adelaide, on Thursday afternoon, October 26. The deputation consisted of His | Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, Mr. 6. W. Hawkes, S.M-, and Air. W. A. Hughes, Town Clerk; and His Worship, in presenting the address, made a few remarks expressive of the high sense entertained by the colonists of South Australia of the daring and generous deed he had performed. He also stated that the address was I numerously signed by persons belonging to all classes of the community, including himself as Mayor of Adelaide, and the Alayors of Port Adelaide and Glenelg. The following is a copy:— " Adelaide, South Australia, October 17, 1865. " To the Hon. Samuel Phillips, M.L.C., Western Australia. "We the undersigned, inhabitants of South Australia, desire to express our fervent admira tion and deep respect for your lirave and noble conduct during the late gale on our coast on Sep temlier 23. "Through your arduous exertions, and at the manifest peril of your life, two of our fellow colouists were rescued from sharing the apparently inevitable death which, in spite of your repeated efforts, befell all their four companions. "As a visitor from an adjacent colony and a stranger to many of us, we feel we should be wan ing in gratitude to allow you to leave our shores without bearing some recognition of the sentiments with which all classes of our com- | munity view your gallant action on the occasion referred to. "We wish you every happiness-spiritual and j temporal—and a safe return to the bosom of your I family." (Signed by about 200 persons.] The Mayor also presented to the hon. gentleman j a very handsome claret jug, which bore the sub- ; joined inscriptionPresented to the Hon. S. Phillips, M.L.C., by the Mayor and Citizens of ! Adelaide, S.A., as a mark of esteem, October 2ft 1865." Mr. Phillips, who has only partially recovered from the effects of his recent accident, expressed his obligation for the testimonial and address, neither of which he had had any expecta tion of receiving, stated that it would afford him the greatest pleasure to hand them down to his j family, and intimated a hope that His Worship j would communicate to all connected with the pre- j sentatiou his grateful acknowledgement. The deputation were then entertained by His Lordship, and after mutual good wishes had been inter changed they withdrew. The Com kg Review.- We understand that the Government have made liberal provision to secure a proper supply of refreshments to voluuteers at tending the grand review to be held on tbe 9th November. It will be seen by an advertisement in another part of this paper that tenders are invited by the Colonel Commanding the Volunteers from persons willing to contract for the supply of refreshments. Particulars can be obtained at the Volunteer Staff- Office, and tenders will be received until noon of the 2nd November. Agricultural, Pastoral, and Horticul tural Societies.—A Government notice has been issued that Societies iutending to claim participa tion in the grant of £250 are to Bend in applica tions to the office of the Chief Secretary up to noon on the 1st December. Particulars will be re quired of the sums annually subscribed and the amount expended yearly in prizes. Fatal Accident.—A serious accident, which ended fatally, happened on the railway about 4 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon to a man named John Littleford. He had just hooked tbe coupling chains of two trucks, which had been shunted from one part of the liue to another, and was stepping out from between the rails, when he was caught by the buffers and violently jammed between them. He was immediately taken to the Hospital, where, after lingering in great agony, he died about 9 o'clock the following morning. Deaths on Board the Adamant.—A nominal return has been published c-f deaths on board the Adamant, immigrant ship, from which it appears that four boys died, of the age of 21 months and under; three girls, one being eight years of age, one 20 months, and one still younger. Maria Champion, aged 25 years, died of puerperal convul sions; and Mary Rosamorgan, aged 33 years, fell overboard, and was drowned. Band of Hope.—Meetings of members of the Bands of Hope in North and South Adelaide were held on Tuesday evening in the Methodist New Connexion Schoolroom, and on Wednesday even ing hi the Temperance Hall, when Mr. G. New man, the superintendent, and other friends were present, and exercised the children in singing and recitations preparatory to the annual festival to he held in November next. Railway Traffic.—The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ending Oc tober 21 was:—Port Line—Passengers, 5,528; fares, £260 16s. 2d.; goods, £543 18s. 5d. North Line—Passengers, 1,721; fares, £150 8s. 9d.; goods. £1,218 7s. 10d. Total, £2,473 lis. 2<L Photographic.—We have seen a very neatly executed photograph of the gift piesented to Lady Don while in South Australia. The photographers are Messrs. Solomon & Bardwell, of Ballarat. The Ship St. Leonards.—The hospitality of captains sailing to Port Adelaide has become pro verbial. These gentlemen have lived on terms of intimate friendship with the leading citizens of the colony. With hardly a single exception, they have won for themselves the respect of all who have been brought into contact with them. For some time the Orient Line of ships hare occupied a first-class position in the colony, and deservedly so, but now they no longer stand alone. The country has advanced, anil with that advance the shipping has kept pace. It may be safely asserted tbat there never was a time, when such a number of fine vessels were at Port Adelaide. Certainly for the elegance and comfort of her internal arrangements tbe St. Leonards is un equalled. Captain Franklin was fully acquainted I with the requirements of the trade, and he has adopted eveiy improvement which his long experience could suggest to make his noble vessel both commodious and comfortable, tin Saturday Captain Frank in courteously invited a number of gentlemen to visit bis ship, and provided for them an hospitable reception. Several of bis guests spent some time in examining the vessel, and also in looking at the Pekina and the City of Adelaide; and we believe we are right iu saying that all were stiuck with the admirable arrange ments made for the comfort of the passengers. A voyage to England in such ships must be a real pleasure. About half-past 3 o'clock the company were summoned to the spacious and handseme saloon of tbe St. Leonards, where an elegant and. substantial repast was prepared for them. Captain Franklin occupied the chair, and the Hon. T. Eider,, the agent of the line, the vice-chair. After full justice had been done to tbe repast, the Hon. A. Birth, in a few choice and appropriate sentences, proposed "The Health of Captain Franklin and success to the good ship St. Leonards." Captain Franklin responded in a neat and feeling speech. Mr. Sam. Tomkinson pro posed "The Agents," coupled with the name of Mr. Elder, who replied in suitable terms. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide gave "The Health of Airs, ami Miss Franklin." " The Health of Captain Bruce, of the City of Adelaide," was also drunk most enthusiastically; and responded to by ' that gentleman in feeling terms. After spending a very pleasant afternoon together, the company : dispersed, delighted with the hospitality of Captain Frankiin and his friends, and with an earnest wish that he might have a prosperous voyage home, and that he might soon inake his appearance again at Port Adelaide. The Bishop of London Putting Down Pusetism.—A friend has favoured us with an extract from the Even ing Star of the 23th August, detailing a curious spectacle which took place at the consecration of a new church (St. Michael and All Angels) in Finshury. The nature of it may be inferred from the following passages:—T'.ie church had been decorated for the occasion, and conspi cuous above all, over the communion-table, were four large but beatiful bouquets of flowers in vases between the candlesticks containing wax tapers. Another novel arrangement was that on entering the church the ladies and gentlemen were sepa rated, the g ntle.-acn being placed in seats on the right of the altar, whilst the ladies were placed on the left. These arrangements did not seem to meet with tbe entire approbation of the Bishop, whose first question to the Rev. Mr. Lyford, the incumbent of the new church, was, "What is the meaning of those large bunches of flowers over the communion-table? Before the consecration is proceeded with they must be removed." The incumbent promised that the flowers should be removed, and sent for the churchwarden to convey them from the altar into the vestry. The Bishop then surveyed the clergy assembled, most of whom were habited in surplices with richly embroidered stoles and other "High Church" insignia. His Lordship then said, quietly but sternly, "The clergy here of my diocese must appear in the ceremonial of to-day in the simple dress of clergy men of the Church of England!" At this the clergy looked at each other very innocently, as though they were at a loss to comprehend His lordship's meaning. A somewhat awkward pause ensued, during which no one stirred. Again turning to the clergy. His Lordship said, some what peremptorily, "I must ask you to take off those ribbons, gentlemen." The Rev. Charles Lyford bowed, and at once removed his stole (a white silk one, with rich crimson and gold em broidery), and his example was followed by the other clergymen present. His Lordship then noticed a small cross in polished oak, about two feet high, decorated with a wreath of everlasting flowers which had been placed on tbe top of the wardrobe. He asked what it meant, and being answered "nothing," ordered it to be taken down and put into the cupboard, observing that it was a great pity the arrangements were not completed at the time of the inspection, so that the objections might not have then been raised, and all unplea santness on the day of consecration avoided. Tbe clergy then formed a procession and proceeded to the west door of the church, where tney were met by the choirs chanting; the clergy, also chanting, followed by the Bishop, walked down the centre aisle, and passed to the communion-table. So far the large congregation, numbering pretty nearly L000 persons, were in the dark as to any liitch having occurred, the scene above detaile 1 having taken place in the vestry; but now an open breach took place. On the stone over the communion table there was a rough sketch in charcoal of the Crucifixion, with a Madonna on either side. This seemed to give great ofl'ence to His Lordship, and he sought for an explanation of its meaning from the incumbent. The explanation did not appear to be at all satisfactory to His Lordship, anu he expressed a wish that it should be at once effaced. It would seem that none of the officials relished the job of effacing the sketch in presence of the whole assemblage; tbe Bishop meanwhile resolutely refused to proceed with the service until | some understanding was come to respecting it. I At length His Lordship said, "If you will give an : undertaking to efface that cartoon I will proceed." i Assent being given, the consecration was then | proceeded with in the usual manner. The Government and the Pastokai. Lessees. —It was confidentially stated yesterday that the Government were disposed to arrange with the aunual lessees for the trul of ODe case, the result to decide the matters in dispute between the Execu tive and the tenants of the Crown. The Fab North.—We have been favoured with the following extract of a letter, dated 21st October, from near Wilyerpa:-" After such weather as we had on the Sth instant and since, it is a wonder that either they (sheep) or we are anve. fcuch a day I never remember-clouds of dust and showers of stones, with a blast from a furnace. It has desolated ■ the country. It scattered a lot of sheep, and we shall lose great numbers. ... I notice Mr. Elyth's question in the House about the Kanyaka mail. They run every week to Beautiful Valley, which is only two stages short of Kanyaka, and if Kounseveli could not do it, the Government should give more money so as to meet the case. If we had s tch another storm as the Sth. we might all be dead weeks before you would know anything about it." , InQOest.—An inquest was held at the Hospital, on Friday the 27th, by the Coroner, on the body of John Littlefoid, a man in the employ of Messrs. ~~ & Co.. in the Railway Goads Department who died at ihe Hospifalon Thursday morning &om; severe injuries received the previous day. A Jury having been sworn, and Mr. E. Sawtell elected foreman, several witneses were examined, and evidence elicited to the effect that the de ceased, on being asked by one of the railway porters to couple two tracks for him, the de ceased being on one- of them, jumped be I tween them for that purpose, and having fastened them together while the engine was s owiv pushing them down, he fancied he should be able to pass out between the buffers before the trucks came into collision. In attempt 's to get out, and as his hands rested on the buffers, the. trucks came together, crushing him between them. One of the witnesses who saw the occurrence sa,d he shouted to deceased not to attempt to pass out, but he paid no attention, tT d hlm Very fooUsh in ^ing to pass. Dr. 7ascxa™ine(i as to the injuries re ceived by the deceased. He said he was brought to the Hospital m a state of collapse and covered with cold sweat. He complained greatly of faint ness, rallied for about an hour, when a reaction ,^e was "UureJ all over the abdomen, and believed he must haTe received some internal in jury. He was perfectly sensible, and assign ed as Ins reasons for trying to pass between the trucks that he thought he should have time to do so before they came together. He absolved everv one from blame. The Jury without hesitation gave as their verdict "that the deceased John Little ford was accidentally killed by being jammed ,e-aU?el^ °f two truc!« «'hile shunting at the Adelaide Railway Station." Serious Accident.-On Tbureday. afternoon a serious accident happened to a young man named Giinstopher Howard, who keeps the livery stables at the Young Queen Inn, Freeman-street. He had j mounted a young filly in the paddock adjoining the stables, when the animal, which had not been ' ridden for some time previously, became unruly and ultimately threw bim. A bystander then cot on the animal s back, and he also was pitched off Howard, who had not been injured by his fall, remounted the filly, but had not been in the saddle long before he was again thrown-this time with considerable force. He was picked up and ear ned into the public- house insensible, in which state he remained for some hours afterwards. On enquiry yesterday we learned that he had re covered consciousness, and was progressing favour ably under the skilful treatment of Drs. Gosse and Lacroix. Agricultural and Horticultural Society.— The Committee of the Agricultural and Horticul tural Society met at the Norfolk Arms on October ^..™s mattere connected with the past Cattle Show and the forthcoming Exhibition in I ebruary were dealt with, and a preliminary report from Mr. A. Thomas on the analysis of soils was read. Adelaide Police Court.—On Friday there were only four cases before the Court. A female defendant paid 253. fine and costs for assaulting with a spade a female neighbour. An employer, who had dismissed an assistant without a week's notice, had to pay j£217s. for a week's wages and costs. A fine oi 5s. was inflicted, with costs, for an obstruction on a footway. Insolvency CouEr.-At the adjourned final hearing in re J. liddy at the Insolvency Court on Friday, October 27, a witness was examined, and the case was adjourned till November 3. NotliiHg was done in the first hearing in re W N Burcham. \ iEivs op 1 he iVfooNTA Mine.—We have seen a ■ series of views taken on the Moonta Mine by Mr Stacy, photographer, which gives a good idea of the magnitude of that rich mineral deposit, as well as of the extensive operations carried on there. The views embrace the surface workings at and near the principal shafts, the new engine-bouse, mid a splenJidly-exe.uted group of Captain Hancock and the officers of the mine. Saturday Marise Excursions. — We under stand that Capta n Wells intends running the Eleanor for an excursion to and from Glecelg every Saturday during the summer months, pro viding arrangements can be made with the Manager cf Railways to run late trains ou those days. TheBee a PHYSrciAN.—The Regensburg Gazette says;—"£n Marksleft, LowerFrauconia, Bavaria, in the autumn of ISM, a bee is declared to have become an M.D. Its owner, who was deaf, was stung by it in the eyelid near the temple. He applied earth and water to the wound without etiect, but at last fell sound asleep. When he awoke the church clock struck. He listened with surprise, and counted tile strokes all right. The clock struck and the bee sting had given hiin back his hearing, which he had lost two years pre viously from the effects of a severe cold..' Hens Eating Eggs.—The Rural American says"Hens may be cured of eating their eggs by blowing out the contents of an egg-shefi and filling it with mustard made into a paste. Make a hole in each end of the shell, and then blow the i contents out, and when filled -with the mustard, paste paper over the holes. One taste of .the i mustard effects a cure."' j _ Matrimonial Statistics.—The Journal of the : Statistical Society for the quarter ended June, 1865 ■ contains an elaborate comparative return of births, death", and marriages in England and Wales, by the Registrar-General. The introduction to the report states that the marriages in the fourth quarter of last year were numerous even for the Christmas season of the ■ year. The marriages were, in the year 1R64, in England, 180,263, in 1863 they were 173,510, in 1862 they were 161,030, in 1861 they 163,706, in 1860 they were 170, ir^, in 1859 they were 167,725. For the quarter ended the last day of December, 1864, the marriages were 53.069, or on an average 577 daily. In London the average rose 7,811 [and 7,856 in the corresponding quarter of the two previous years to 8,693. The West Riding of Yorkshire, Durham, Northumber land, and South Wales also showed by a clear in crease in their marriages that the times were prosperous with them. The total number of marriages (180,263) gives an average of 493 per day. Harvest Prospects in Victorll — The Hamilton Spectator says:—"Since Friday last the crops in this neighbourhood, which had been previously not at all affected by blight, have altered greatly for the worse, many of them now pre senting an appearance of almost total destruction. From what we can learn it is tile early-sown crops wmch suffer the most, as the great majority of those sown late are looking very well—some, in deed, remarkably well. Fruit-trees are looking generally pretty well, with the exception of the apples, which seem to be nffected with a peculiar and we may say exceptional, kind of Wight. This is the case not only in the neighliourhojd of Hamilton, but also at (Joleraine." The Gcelana Advertiser says:-"The fall of rain round the You Ya- gs has been general and continuous. The crops may he regarded as safe. Gats have recovered, the bailey looks Rue, and the wheat is growing vigorously." The Warrnambool Examiner aays:—"Although the weather has been vety changeable for some time past, yet we in the Western District have great cause to be thankful, for we have suffered no drought, like many ot'ier parts of the colony, and oorcrops at present have a very cheering appearance Sunday last was a very fine dav, but a high wind prevailed jresterday, which in the evening turned to rain, with the barometer going down. We have now what the farmers call 'growing weather' and if it continues there is every prospect of suc cess for our agriculturists." The Portland Guar dian has ascertained "that the crops at Narra wang at present promise more than an average; no appearance of rust or wireworm. The breadth under crop is much larger than previous yeare," The Ballarat Star says:—"The late rains have had a generally beneficial effect on the crops throughout the Ballarat district, and both late and early crops are now looking very well." The Fine Arts. — IVe hear a good deal nowadays of binocular vision, and of the wonders of the stereoscope by which two distinct pictures are Been as one. But our readers may not generally be aware that this process may be re versed so as to cause one engraving to represent two very different landscapes. Yet this apparently impossible feat has been successfully performed by the artists of the Illustrated Melbourne Post. The last number of that work contains what is called a "View below the Horseshoe," to which is appended a short descriptive paragraph; from which we learn, amongst other things, that the Township of Noarlunga is six miles from Ade laide; that the weir connected with the Adelaide waterworks (shown in the engraving) is thrown across the Onkaparinga; that nevertheless it is a part of the bed of the Rivet Torrens;" and that the sketch "very faithfully explains the plan." The reader will scarcely doubt this, seeing how "very faithfully" the paragraph explains the sketch. It is further stated that "the water supply, though amply provided for, is still ex tremely dear, and its consumption rigidly con trolled"' We are not told who it is that so rigidly controls the consumption of the supplr, nor why that which is amply provided for should still be extremely dear; but; as Emerson says, "It is the characteristic of genius to be obscure. „ A ray of light, however, is thrown upon the subject by the explanatory remark that the rigidiy- controlled consumption of the araply provided-for water supply "arises from the re markable dty and rainless character of the South Australian climate." This is remarkably clear, and, no doubt, quite intelligible to those who understand it. Hitherto we imagined that Noar lunga was 20 miles from Adelaide, and that the Onkaparinga and the Torres were two distinct rivers; but the schoolmaster is abroad, and "it is never too late to learn." Commissioner op Insolvency. — We under stand that this office has become vacant in con sequence of Mr. J. W. Macdonald's resignation having been accepted by the Government. Public Holiday.—The 9th November is to I e observed as a holiday at the public offices, it being the anniversary of the birthday of His Boyal Highness the Prince of Wales. Sunstroke.—An instance of the necessity of paying strict attention to covering the head daring the sumixer heat was instanced at the Port on Thursday. Miss Isabella Quia was^engaged at the rear of the Harbour-Master's residence, and had not taken the precaurion to wear her hat while walking across the yard, and on reluming to the house complained of intense pain in the head, followed by copious bleeding from the nose. Dt. Duncan was in instant request, and decided at once tiie young lady was suffering from the effects of sunstroke, for which proper remedies being applied she soon recovered. It is to be hoped this will act as a warning to ladies in future, for, according to weather-wise prophets, we may expect an intensely hot season. Customs Receipts!—The Customs receipts for the week ended October 21 amounted to £4,285 9s. 3d. Population.—The following passengers were reported at Port Adelaide during the week ended October 21:—Inwards—209 men. 126 women, 45 boys, and 53 girls. Outwards—42 men, 14 women. 1 hoy, and 2'girls. Destitute * Poor.—Dr. Motherall has been appointed medical officer to attend to the destitute poor, during the year ending 31st December, 1865. within the District of Clarendon. Cereal Exports—The export of breadstuff's during the week ended October 21 was—Wheat, 920 qis^; flour, 403 tons; barley, 20 qrs.; bran and pollard, 12 tons. The Winepress Superseded.—The Scientific Scvietc says:—" M. Richter, of Sluttgard. extracts the juice from the grapes, not by a press, but by placing them in a drum which revolves at the rate of from 1,000 to 1,500 times a minute. This process is far more expeditious than the ordinaiy one, pro duces more juice, and the mixture with air ib so complete that fermentation sets in with great rapidity. Growing Crusty.-^Fhe bakers of Launceston, Tasmania, threaten to register the names of ens' tomers who do not pay their accounts, with a view to publishing the list of defaulters. The Himalaya Troopship.—The steam troop ship Himalaya lately conveyed to Quebec from Gibraltar the "Prince Consort's Own Bifle Bri gade." numbering as follows :—Officers, 3/; officers" wives, 6; .officers' children, 12; non- commissioned; officers and privates, 764; wives of ditto, 35; chil dren of ditto, 39. Total number of souls, 893. Horses, 7. The Flinders Island Beep.—We regret to learn from the Launceston Times of September 8 that a vessel has been totally wrecked on this reef, of the dangerous nature of which we had.occasion to warn our seafaring readerssi me time ago. The vessel in question was the Lawrence, of Sydney, bound from Newcastle to Adelaide, with* cargo of coal. She sailed from Newcastle on the 22nd August, and on the 27th got into a heavy gale, which increased till the 29th, when she bad to be brought up under Flinders Island. While wearing ship she touched ground abaft. As to what fol lowed, we quote Captain Barneson's own words:— "I had been consulting the chart all along, and seeing 21 to25 fathoms laid down, had no thought of any daoger in that locality. When the vessel grounded first, had the extreme end of Cape Barren bearing S. by E. \ E., and south-east end of Flinders Diana bearing S. W. by S., about six or seven miles distant. Immediately lowered the -boat, and sounded round the vessel as far as we could proceed with the boat safely, apd found the bank to extend to seaward, with only about 13 feet Finding the deepest water inshore, got die long boat, and laid out the small bower anchor with 45 fathoms cable. Hove< .tight, and commenced throwing cargo overboard to try and nave the ship. Wednesday, .30th.- Finding the vessel floating; made sail. As the vessel began to float, slipped the chain; but the current being so' strong drove her back, on the bank again. Ran out a hawser to the chain, and hove tight Thuisday.—■ Weather looking bad to tbeeastward, with a heavy -swell rolling in. Saw no hope then of saving the vessel, so thought it best to try to.save ourselves by some place of landing. Got some few stores in the boats, and at 8 p.m. left the ship, and, pulling inshore through the surf, got landed about 11 o'clock. Then put off again to see if we could save anything from the vessel; but found a heavy swell alongside; and could get little or nothing more. Had to leave and pull for the shore-again 7 reached it on Friday morning Sunday, 3rd-Sept. —Weather more moderate. Put off with tne ship's boat to .the ship; found her almost under water, her decks hurst off and fast breaking np,. Took all the gear we could get at with safety, and returned to the shore. Monday, 4th Sept.— Went off to the ship again with two boats. Get some few pieces of running gear and two sails; but. as the snip was breaking up fast,-the Suaitsmen would not stay alongside with the boats; and seeing no hope of Baring any more from the vessel, we returned to the shore, and made arrangements for getting over to Launceston. the only shipping port we could get to." The Launceston Times; adds:—" It will he remembered by seafaring men that on the arrival at Adelaide, a week or two since, of the Kohinoor, from Tome, Captain Creer, of that vessel, reported the existence, on the east coast of Flinders Island, of a reef not laid down in his chart; and the South -Australian Register published the following . 'Notice . to Mariners' on the subject in its issue of the 14tli: ultimo:—' Captain Cieer reports the existence of a reef on the east coast of Flindeis Island which is not laid down in his chart, and be thereforeflesires to draw the attention of. shipmasters to its position. from which Cape Barren bears 8.1K, distintfrons 16 to 18 miles. The broken water, as it appeared from the topsailyard, extended north and south about three milts in length, and inside it there was an expanse of water about six or eight miles across to the mainland. He intends reporting the matterto'the Marine Board, when he will notice more particularly the bearings and distance." Captain Barneson saw the above paragraphfgr the first time yesterday at this office; and states that, the ' reef referred to must have beeu the sandbank on which he unfortunately lost his vessel.' He only wishes that he had seen the warning earlier, as ne would not then have fallen unto the snsre he did." The Telegraph Genius.—I have a friend—once amongst the most useful and trust worthy of my fellow-labourers—who is the pre siding mind of the intelligence department of one of the two Telegraph Companies. It is not he that has any concern with the actual working of the great machinery which daily and. hourly transmits throughout our three kingdoms foreign and colonial news, summaries of deb .tesin Parlia ment, returns of markets of every kind, shipping news, racing news, states of the weather at the different ports, and last, but not least important, those despatches from almost every quarter of the world which constantly meet the eye of the news paper reader as "Reuter's Telegrams." My friend is not responsible for carrying through the marvel lous operation of transmitting by the electric wire a Queen's Speech of 905 words in 31 minutes— an advance of Speed which we can scarcely deem less than marvellous compared with-the record in the Daily Neics of 1847, dhat;. the Queen's Speech of that November was telegraphed at the rate of 55 letters in,a-minute, the whole 730 words being disposed of in two hours. The rate of speed has been quintupled in 17 years. Nor is my friend responsible for the summaries of Parliamentary debates -which now constitute such an important feature in .the 71 daily papers in-the United Kingdom. The two Telegraph Companies —the Magnetic and the Electric—have each an instrument-room at the Houses of Parliament, but only one report of the debates is prepared, which is transmitted by both Companies. The regular occupation of my friend, as intelligence-reporter, is sufficiently onerous to demand the most unre mitting assiduity, the most watchful observation, the clearest judgment. He has ceased to be con nected with what we call the literary world, but his duties, in many respects, require the exercise of higher qualities than those which ordinarily direct the pen of a merely ready writer. Let me present an imperfect outline of the routine of his daily life. The intelligence-reporter has an office and a bedroom in a house which adjoins and communicates with the central office of the electric telegraph. Winter and summer he is. at his desk at 6 a.m., at which hour, to a minute. he receives a copy of the Daily News; at 6.20 a. copy of the Times: and about 6.45 tlie rest of the morning papers. A messenger' waits to take slips from hisn into the instrument-room, and about 6. Iff the transmission begins. It is sometimes finished ai. 7.15; but an effort is always made to have every thing completed before 8. This is the " morning express," which varies from 400 words to fewer than-400. I have before me the second edition of the Liverpool Daily Post dated October 13,9a.m. The telegraphic portion occupies about 150 lines of very close printing, and consists of five separate articles; namely, two from Reuter's Telegram, one headed "Mr. W. E, Gladstone in Lancashire," stating that the London papers contain reports by telegraph of his speeches at Bolton and Liver pool the day before, and that most of them devote a leading article to the Lancashire visit. Of the leading articles of the Times. Daily Telegraph, Daily News, and S,ar, we have then an abstract which occupies more than a fourth of the whole despatch. Upon the Danish question there is an abstract of the Times" ■ Paris correspondent's letter. l am informed that the commercial part of this morning express is supplied direct by a city reporter for.the telegraph offices. The slightest consideration of the tact and promptitude required to deal in an hour, and sometimes less, with the complicated mass of the novel intelligence presented in the morning papers, and to interpret their lengthy opinions in brief sentences so as to give a trustworthy notion of the leading points, must show that the intelligence reporter works under a very grave responsibility. This morning an express is sent to all the largest towns. From these central places the news is repeated to smaller towns in their respective districts. The morniog work is scarcely over before another stream of business messages is set flowing. In addition ■ to the news_from the early daily papers, a variety of intelligence is transmitted at irregular hours —two reports from the Stock Exchange, with copious quo tations; two reports of the colonial and foreign produce markets; report of corn markets, tallow markets, cattle markets, wool sales. All intelligence of value to men of business is posted immediately at the Exchanges of Liver pool and the other peat towns. Reuter's tele grams arrive at all hours, both of'the day aud night, and are instantly transmitted if of great interest. Thus passes his ever-watchful forenoon for the intelligence-reporter. But then the London evening papers come pouring in, and an "evening express" has to be prepared. The Gazettes of Tuesday and fioday furnish' a variety of minute details, the accurate transmission' of which as to figures and names is of the first importance. The electric dispatch of many of these matters, of I business does not of-course require the presiding judgment of the intelligence-reporter, but he can never stir from his post, for throughout :the day there mav lie aueries from different stations to ■ -Knight'* Passage* if a Worlxna'Jjife. Printed and published eveiy Friday morning and every Saturday morninp, bv the Proprietors, Kdwabd Wil Andrews, Wm. Ktffin Thomas. and John Howard Clark, at the offices •( the Adelaide Obeerrer, Grenfell-street, Adelaide, South Australia, where advertisements, orders, and com* mnnicationa are received. 