THE CONFEDERATE STEAMER SHENANDOAH. THE Shenandoah is a handsome smart-look- ing full-rigged steam sloop, of 1200 tons register, fitted with a lifting screw and engines of 240 horse power. Built for the mercantile service, she looks a merchantman, though the guns which now peep from her sides tell unmistak- ably of her changed character ; and the gay flag at the gaff-a cross of stars in a red square on a white ground-leaves no doubt as to her nation- ality. She has a fine sweep of upper deck, on which she carries her armament. This consists of four smooth-bore sixty-eight pounders, and two thirty-two-pounder rifled Whitworths, to- gether with two smooth-bore eighteen pounders, used principally as signal-guns. Her battery, it will be seen, is not a large one, though the guns which she has are of the first class - for slxty-eight-pounders are accounted the best of smooth bores, and the rifled Whitworths possess a range of above three miles. The officers have commodious quarters in the old " saloon," the captain has possession of the two roomy stern cabins, and the prizes have supplied more than a man of war's allowance of furniture. The 'tween-decks are unusually lofty - eight feet in height - and as there are no guns below, the crew have a great lofty space reserved for their use. Cushioned seats, a work-table, and other like spoils of the enemy, figure below as well as above. The vessel went to sea with barely a sufficient crew to work her, and though she has picked up many men from her prizes, yet she is still short-handed, her total muster being only seventy-five men. Captain Waddell is the very representative of the frank seaman associated with all our ideas of nautical matters, and he is surprisingly young looking, considering that he is an officer of twenty-three years' standing in the United States navy. He held a commission when the secession took place, but at once re- signed and left, to fight the battles of his native North Carolina. Her officers also make a favor- able impression on all who meet them. They are mostly young men, though some of them havo seen servlce in the Alabama. Mr. J. S. Bullock, the master, was master; Mr. O'Brien, the engineer, was assistant engineer ; and Mr. W. B. Smith, paymaster, was captain's clerk, on board that far-famed cruiser, and were in her that fatal Sunday when Captain Semmes showed his " pluck" and lost his ship. As to the crew, they are certainly not the men one would expect to meet on board-not men whom the " vile blows and buffets of the world" have led to set their lives on any chance ; on the contrary, most of them are Englishmen of decent appearance, while there are also some smart Americans, and two or three sleek-looking negroes. The men are fed well and paid well ; and they one and all say that they like the service and believe in their commander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, the dress of the officers not being at all unlike the one worn a few years back by the Victorian Volunteer force. As regards the ship, she is declared to be remarkably fast, both under steam and canvas - "a good thirteen knot boat." There is no doubt that she is identical with the Clyde-built Chinese steam clipper Sea King, known to be one of the fastest vessels of her class afloat. The Sea King recently cleaved out of the East India Docks, London, for Bom- bay, and was reported by our last English ad- vices to have shipped Captain Semmes at Funchal Bay, and subsequently to have run on a rock and become a total wreck. The parti- culars which we subjoin show that these reports, though very inaccurate in detail, agree with the fact that the missing Sea King is the cruiser now representing the Confederated States in these Southern seas. Besides this, as we have said, the letters "ing" are plainly to be seen on her head-boards, and her figure-head is a crowned monarch of the main. The Sea King, we may remark, is no stranger on the coast. She was employed last year by the British Go- vernment to convey troops to New Zealand, and made one of the shortest runs out to Auckland on record. A short history of the doings of the vessel - doings which read like the old deeds of Drake and Raleigh, on the Spanish Main-will be acceptable to our readers. On the 8th of October last, the fast new steamer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good compliment of cabin passengers on board, " likely-look- ing young men," as the pilot pronounced them. Friday, the 11th of October, found the Laurel safely moored in Funchal Bay, Ma- deira. People there said she was a blockade runner So she was, but she had other work to perform in this instance. People won- dered, too, that the passengers did not go on shore ; but they were satisfied with an ex- planation that they were " Polish immigrants," without money ; some Poles, on their way to Richmond, having stlopped there a few weeks previously, and having left with pro- fessions of total inability to pay the debts they incurred. On Monday, the 17th of October, a ship-rigged vessel came into the harbour and steamed out again. This natu- rally excited suspicion. Next morning the vessel came in sight again. Captain Waddell, it is facetiously said, had an idea that she might be for sale, and therefore he steamed out after her with the Laurel. Both vessels anchored in smooth water, on the east side of the island, both under the English flag. Here the strange ship was purchased - £15,000 is the price named - and here the Laurel transhipped her cargo into her. The ship then stood out to sea, and when far beyond the neutral marine league Captain Waddell summoned the crew aft, and read his commission as commander of the Con- federate sloop-of-war Shenandoah, ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve the neutral regulations, not one of the packages received from the Laurel was broken. Captain Waddell had only twenty-three men, all told, with him a number which, after deducting officers firemen, &c.;, left him only five men in each watch; while the ship was unarmed, and the packages having been hurriedly put on board, everything was in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Running under topsails, the foresail, and the jibs by day-all the canvas the crew could work-and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken as quickly as possible to one of the " calm spots" which exist, in mid-ocean in the trades. Here it was felt that the ship was secure, as no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, and it was not likely that cruisers would be looked for in lati- tudes so unproductive of prey. The officers look off their jackets, and all hands setting lo with a will, the ship was speedily got in trim, and commenced her operations. The cruising ground selected was in the track of vessels bound for the South American ports. On the 29th of October work was really com- menced. In the morning, royals and stunsails were set, in chase of a barque. At 1 o'clock the chase was two miles distant, English colors wero shown, and the barque replied with the Yankee flag. Confederate colors were then hoisted, and the barque was hove-to and examined. She was the Alina, Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of railway iron. After re- moving the crew and stores, scuttled her. The crew numbered ten men, eight of whom joined the Shenandoah. The cargo was valued at 38 000 dollars ; the barque, which was only six months old, at 80,000 dollars. On the 5th No- vember steam was got up in chase of a large schooner. At half-past 7 a.m. fired a gun at her, when sho hove-to. She showed the stars and stripes. Proved to be tho Charter Oak, Gillman, master, bound from Boston to San Francisco, with an assorted cargo. Supplied the ship with stores from her, in- cluding 2000 lbs. weight of preserved tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, and also her sister, the widow of a Northern corporal, killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladies. Private properly was respected, but 200 dollars found on the master were confiscated. Captain Waddell gave the money, in tho name of the Confederacy, to the master's wife, on her promi- sing that she would not restore it to her hus- band. The woman promised eagerly. Burnt the vessel, which was a new one. On the 7th of November, chased and captured the barque D. Godfrey, from Boston to Valparaiso, with a miscellneous cargo, including 400 barrels of beef and pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of the crew entered for servlce with the Shenan- doah. Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound for Rio. The brig took off two masters, four mates, and two men, in considera- tion of receiving a chronometer, a barrel of beef, and a barrel of pork-all prize articles. At daylight on November 10th, sighted the clipper brig Susan, bound to the River Plate, with a cargo of coals. The Susan was scuttled at half-past ten a.m., and sank, bows first, so perpendiculorly that the main-truck was under the water while the stern was above the surface. On the evening of the 11th a ship was sighted from the masthead, on the port beam, her bearings were taken, and a course shaped to cut her off. Proved to be the American ship Kate Prince, bound to Bahia, with 1700 tons of coal. Cargo was sworn to be neutral ; Captain Waddell therefore determined to bond the vessel. The captain haying signed the bonds, the vessel was released, and the prisoners on board the Shenandoah, thirteen in number, were trans- ferred to her. On tho 13th of November the schooner Lizzie M. Stacey was captured and burned. One of her crew was a negro, who met another captured negro on board-a man he had parted with a few weeks back at a boarding-house in New York. Their sur- prise was comical. November 24, signalled a barque with her masthead gone ; but she would not answer. The Shenandoah was then making eleven knots, under reefed top- sails-a fact which proves her great speed. The next day or so bore down, under all canvas and a full head of steam, after a singularly rigged vessel, which proved to be an English man-of-war. She took no notice of the chase. Is believed to be the corvette Brisk, now at Adelaide. Without entering further into detail, it may be stated that the Shenandoah when she runs in chase displays any colours, English or French, and that her men sometimes don blue shirts, that their grey attire may not arouso suspicion. The prisoners arc expected to assist in working the ship during the day time, and at night they are locked in the forecastle and handcuffed. The following is a correct list of the vessels captured and de- stroyed by the Shenandoah : Alina, barque, - Staples, master, from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, cargo of railway ¡ron. Scuttled 20th October, lat. 16 deg. 47 min. N., Ion. 26 deg. 43 min. W. Charter Oak, schooner, from Boston for San Francisco, assorted cargo. Burnt 5th Novem- ber, lat. 7 deg, 38 min. N., lon. 27 deg. 49 min. W. D. Godfrey, barque, - Hallet, master, from Boston to Valparaiso, assorted cargo. Burnt 7th November, lat. 6 deg. 28 min. N., lon. 27 dog. 6 min W. Susan, brig, - Hansen, master, from New York to River Plate. Scuttled 10th November, lat. 4 deg. 20 min. N., lon. 26 deg. 39 min. W. Kalo Prince, for Bahia, neutral curgo (coals). Ship bonded 12th November. Adelaide, barque, of Baltimore, to River Plate, neutral cargo. Ship bonded for 23,000 dollars. Lizzie M. Stacey, schooner, New York to Sandwich Islands, assorted cargo. Burnt 13th November, lat. 1 deg. 40 min. N., lon. 28 deg. 21 min. W. Edward, whaling vessel. Burnt 4th Decem- ber, lat. 37 deg. 47 min. S., lon. 12 deg. 30 min. W Delphine, barque, from London for Akyab. Burnt 29th December, lat. 29 deg. 10 min. S., lon. 69 deg. E. 