THE CONFEDERATE WAR-STEAMER SHENANDOAH. The Confederate sloop-of-war Shenandoah remains quietly anchored in Hobson's Bay. Our warlike visitor has obtained a recognition from the authorities, and will now stay here a few days, to coal and to effect repairs, be fore proceeding to sea in Bearoh of fresh prey and new adventures. The commander of the vessel, Capt Wad dell, courteously allows the public to visit her, and our citizens have already manifested much eagerness to inspect one of those noted cruisers which are destroying1 an ewmy's coin meico. and liavo fairly revolutionised naval warfare. Sir Charles Darling, on receiving tlie for mal request forwarded by Captain Wudilell immediately upon his arrival, summoned a meeting of the iixecutive for eleven o'clock on Thursday morning. Tiiere was a full attend ance of the Cabinet; and so anxious were the Government f". preserve the neutrality of the port, tliut, though the instructions received from England are explicit and lull, more than two hours were spent in deliberation befoi'e a decision was arrived at. Captain Waddell applied for leave to coal, to provision, find to effect repairs 'to his' machinery, which''lie alleged was seriously out of order. The regu lations name forty-eight hours as the limit of a vessel's stay, hut this tenn can be extended to allow her to repair bona jidn damages. The Ministers, therefore, felt at liberty to acccde to the request; Imt they loquind C:ij>t;ni) Waddell to report the repairs his ship needed, that their own officers might, judye the lime that ought to be allowed him. Capt Wa«lde!l whs notified, also, that he could not be per mitted to leave port within twenty-four hours of the departuie of any American vessel. A further request made, for permission to land prisoners, was not acceded to, hut fuller infor mation was asked for We understand, however, that this point has been satisfac torily and expeditiously solved by the "cap tives " quietly landing on our shores. The Shenandoah had with her as prisoners eight men, besides Captain Nicholls, master of'the Delphine, Mrs Nicholls, and the stewardess. The men went ashore, but the ladies were taken to the Jeannie Payne, an American ship lying in the Bay, arid it is said that their fervently expressed wishes were not tor the welfare of their captors. , The Shenandoah is a handsome smart-look ing full-rigged steam sloop of l,2ti0 Ions register, fitted with a lifting screw and en gines of 240-horse power B\lih for thf). msr cantile service, she looks a merchantman, though the guns which now peep from her sides tell unniMakeably of her changed cha racter; and the fray flag at 'lie gaff—a cross of stars in a red' square on a white gronnii— leaves no doubt as to her nationality. She has a fine sweep of upper deck, on which she carries her armament. Tiiis consists of four smooth-bore sixty-eight pounders, and two thirty-two pounder rifled Whitworths, together, with two smooth-boie eighteen-ponnders, used principally as signnl-guns. He: battery, it will b« seen, is not a large one, though the guns which she has are of first-class—for s'xi.y-eight pounders are accounted the best of smooth bores, and the rilled Whitworths possess a range of above three miles. The officers have commodious quarters in the old "saloon" the captain has possession of the two roomy stern cabins, ann the prizes have sup plied more than a man-of-war's allowance of furniture. The 'tween decks are unusually lofty—eight feet in height—anil as there are no guns below, the crew have . a great lofty space reserved for their use. Cushioned seats a work-table and other like spoils of the enemy, figure below as well as above. The vessel went; to sea with barely a sufficient crew to work her, and though she has picked up many men from her prizes, yet she is still short-banded, her total muster being only seventy-five men. Captain Waddell is the very representative of the tiauk seaman associated vvjtb all our ideas of nautica matters, and he is surprisingly young-looking considering that he is an officer of twenty - three years' standing in the Uni^d States navy. He held a commission when the seces j-ion took place, but at once resigned and left, to fight tie battles of his native North Caro lina. Her officers also make a. favourable impression on all who meet them. They are mostly young men, though some of r.hem have se»n service'in the Alabama'. 'Mi*'-J S! Bullock, the master, was master; Mr 0' BrierV, the engineer, was assistant engineer; and ■Mr* W B Smith, paymaster, wascnptain'scle.rfc;< on board tjlmt far fnmerl oruiseiy and. were!in' her that fatal Sunday when Qujiiifiii' Semmes showed his 'pluck" and ldst'his sliip;".'JAs'to the crew, the}' are certainly not the men one would expect, to.1 meet on board— hofmen whom the1,4 vile blows and 'buffets' of 'the world"' haveled to. set their lives- on'any chance; on the.'contrary," most of them'are Englishmen of decent.appearance, while there are also some smart 'looking*. Americans,- and two or three sleek'looking negroes. .The men are fed .well and paid, well; -and. they one and all say thaVthey like the? service and believe in their commander.. The uniform worn is a dull grey, the dress of the officers not being at all unlike the one worn a few years back by the Victorian Volunteer force. As , regards the ship, she is declined to be remarkablv fast, both under steam and canvas—" a good thirteen knot bout." Thee is no doubt that she is identical with the Clyde built Chinese steam clipper Sea King, known to be one of the fastest vessels of her class afloat. The Sea King recently, cleared out of the East Indiii Docks, London, for Bombay, and was reported by our last English advices to have shipped Captain Semmes at Funchal Bay, and subsequently to have run on a rock and become a total wreck. The pur iculars which we sub join show that these reports, though very in accurate in detail, agree with the tact that the missing Sea King is the cruiser now repre senting* the Confederate States in these South ern seas. Besides this, as we have said, the letters " ing" are plainly to bo seen on her head boards, aud her figure head is a crowned monarch of the main. The Sea King, we may remark, is no stranger on the coast. She was employed last year by the British Govern ment to convey troops to New Zealand, and made one of the shortest runs out to Auckland on record. A short history of the doings of the vessel —doings which rend like the old deeds of of Drake and Raleigh, on the Spanish Main— will be occeptnblo to our lenders. On the 8th of October last, ihe fust new steamer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good comple ment of cabin passengers on board, " likely looking young men," us the pilot pronounced them. Friday, the 14-th October, lound the Laurel safely moored in Funchal Bay, Ma deira. People there said she was a blockade runner. So she was, but she had other work to perform in this instance. People won dered, too that the passengers did not go on shore; but they were satisfied with an ex planation that they were "Polish immigrants," without money ; some Poles, on their way to Richmond, having stopped there a few weeks previously, and having left with professions of total inability to pay the debts they inclined. On Monday, the 17c!i of October, a ship rigged vessel came into the harbour nud steamed out again. 'I his naturally excited suspicion. Next morning th" vessel came in sight again. Captain Waddell, it is facetiously said, had an idoi that. she might bo for sale, and thuivforu he steamed nut alter heV with the Laurel. ISotli vessels anchored in smooth water, on the oast side of the island, both under the English 11 •<>fi'. Hore t lie strange ship was purchased— £45,000 is the price named—and hero the Laurel transhipped her cargo into.her. The ship thi'ii stood out to son, and when far beyond the neutral marine league Captain Waddell suminonuil the crew a!t, arid read his commission as oommnndor of ih>j Conl'edi rate sloop-ol'-war Shenandoah, ordered to cniists nnd destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this,' and in order1 to preserve the neutral regulations, not one of tlie packages received lYnm tli" Lnirrel was broken. Captain Wad ilt>ll IihiI only twenty-three men, all told, with hi:ii—ii number which, after deductingofficers, firemen, itc., left hiin only fivo men in each wiifcli ; u lii].' the ship was unarmed, and the l>:ick:t<i-iv having been hurriedly nut on board every!hing w»s in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Running under topsails, the fi.resail, and the jibs by day—all the canvas the crew could work— nnd steaming liy night, the Shenandoah was tnken as quickly as possible to one of the '' calm spots" which exists in mid-ocean in the trades. Mere it, was felt that the ship was secure, as no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, and it was not likely that cruizers would be looked for m latitudes so unproductive of prey. The officers took off their jackets, and all hands setting to with a will, the ship was speedily got in trim, and commenced her operations. The cruizing ground selected was in the track of vessels hound for the South American ports. On the 29th of October work was really commenced. In the morning, royals and i tun sails were set, in chase of a barque. At one o'clock the chase was two miles distan', Eng lish colours were shown, and the barque replied,. jviih the Yankee flag. Confederate colours were then hoisted, and the barque was hove to, and examined. She was the Alina, Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to'Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of rail way iron. After removing the crew and stores, scuttled her. The crew numbered ten men, eight of whom joined the 'Shenandoah. The cargo was valued at 38.000 dols; the mircjue, which was only six mouths' old, at 50,000 dols. On the 5th November steam wa# got up in chase of a large schooner. At half past seven a m fired a gun at her, when she hove to. She showed the stars and stripes. Proved to be the Charles Oakn an, Gillman, master, bound from Boston to San Francisco, with an assorted cargo. Supplied the ship with stores Irom her, including 2,00011) weight of preserved tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, and also her sister, the widow of a Noi thorn corporal, killed at Harper's Perry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladies. Privntu property was respected, hut 200 dols found on the master ivere confiscated. Cnpt Waildell gave the money, in the name of the Confederacy, to tlie master's wife, on her pro mising1 that she would not give it to her. husband. The woman promised eagerly^ Burnt the vessel, which was a new one. On the 7th of November, chased and captured the bnrqne D Godfrey, from Boston to Valparaiso, with amiscellaneous' cargo, including; 400 barrels of beef and pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of the crew entered for service .with the Shenandoah. Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig1, bound for Ki'o. The brig took off two masters, four mates, and1 two men, in consideration of-receiving a chronometer, a barrel of beef, and a barrel of pork—all. prize articles. At daylight cn November 10 sighted the .ch.iper .brig Susan, bound to the River Plate, with a.cariro of coals. The Susan was scuttled at half past ten a m, and sank, hows I .first, '^o perpendicularly, that the main truck ' was wifli'r'the water, wliih' the stern uns abqve thi)'siiil.fiicf. '■ On the 'ovpniiig. of the. lLth a !s>bij>a was1 Sighted .from 'the must head, .on -ithe l|W£ter 'bearings were, taken,'.nnd a jcourse shiippd^ to 'cut.-'hor oflVi Proved <to be. > Liij/M'Ahifiricani' ship >ivat« ;Pnm:e, hound' to ,Bahia,avith i,700.',.tonsj.of.,coal..; .Cargo was . sworn to lie iiHiitrid; Captain Waddell there fore : .determined to . bond...tjie vessel.r,: The captain having; signal! the .bonds, the vessel was released ; and the prisoners on board the Shenandoah, thirteen in number, were trans ferred to her. - (In the 13rli or'November the. schooner Lizzie M Sta'cey was captured and bu.'ined.i One of her crew was a negro, who met another captured negro on board, a man hebad; parted with a few; weeks back at;a boardinghonse in New York. Their surprise was comical: November 24 signalled a barque with her masthead gone; hut.she would not answer. The Shenandoah was then making eleven1-knots, under reeled topsails—a fact which proves her great speed. The next day or'so bore down, under all canvas and a full head of steam, after a singularly-rigged -ves sel,'" AVhioir proved to he an •English: man of war. - She took no notice of the obase. It is belinyed to be the corvette Brisk, now at .Adelaide." Without' entering' further into details,'it may be'stated that the Shenandoah when she inns in chase displays any colours, English or French, and that her men some times dnn blue shirts, that their grey attirs may not arouse suspicion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship during the daytime, and at night they are locked in the forecastle and handcuffed. The following is a correct list of the ves^el-i captured and destroyed by the Shenandoah :— Alina, barque, — Staples, , muster, from Akyab to Bumios Ay res, cargo of railway iron. Scuttled 29th October, lat. 16 47 N , Ion. 2G 43 W. Charter Oak, schooner, from Boston, lor San Francisco, ysorted cargo. Burnt 5th November, lat. 7 38 N., Ion. 27 49 W. D Godfrey, barque,— Mullet, master, from Boston to Valaparaise, assorted car^o. Burnt 7th November, lat. 0 28 N , Ion 27 6 W. Susan, brig,— Hansen, master, from New York to liiver Plate Scuttled 10th Novem ber, laf., 4 20 N., Ion. 20 39 W. Kate Prince, fur Bahia, neutrul cargo (coals) Ship bonded 12th November. Adelaide, barque, of Baltimore, to River Plate, neutral cargo. Ship bonded for 23,000 dollars. Lizzie M. Stucey, sc.hooner, New York to Sandwich Islands, assorted cargo. Burnt 13th November, lat. 1 40 N., Ion. 28 24 W. Edward, whaling vessel Burnt 4th Dec ember, lat. 37 47 S, Ion. 12 30 W. Delphine, barque, from London for Akyab. Burnt 20th December, lat. 29 10 S., Ion. (39 E. All the American ships in the Bay have taken the alarm. Usually profusi in their display of bunting, they did not yesterday allow tho stars and stripes to iiutcer in the breeze at all, and one of their number hoisted a,curious banner, said to bo tho Ionian ilag. Though Captain YVaddel! was not apprised of the determination ot the anthoritles until late in the afternoon, and was averse to tlroiving bis vessel open lielore, the applications were so numerous that bo gave way, and from one o'clock the ship was thronged. All the boats in the Bay were out, anrt two steamers were also engaged conveying passengers. The wind was high, and one sailing boat in rounding to capsized, hut fortunately assistance was at hand, and her four passengers were picked up. The visitors showed their Southern sympathies by cheering the vessel heartily ns they took (ttieir departure from her. -Argus 