LATEST VIA SUEZ. The Postmaster-General invites ten- ders for conveyance of mails from Gaile to Sydney. Mr. Massy succeeds Trevillyan as Indian Finance Minister. Cardinal Wiseman is dangerously ill. A French envoy haa been dispatched to Borne, announcing the immediate withdrawal of a portion of the army. The Austrian Cabinet and Beichretch had come to an open rupture on the question of expenditure. The American Senate has confirmed the resolutions terminating the reci- procity treaty with Canada. The debate on an amendment for abolishing slavery is postponed until the 31st January. A Becond Wilmington expedition has been dispatched. The Polar Expedition is proposed by Sherard Osborne. Blair has returned to Washington. General Grant has been summoned before a Congressional Committee on the conduct of the war, at Butler's in- stigation. The Emperor Napoleon's speech is pacific, expressing a desire that concord may reign, and is personally animated by respect for rights, love of peace, and justice. The Danish Duchies have seven claimants. TO-MOEBOW, Friday, being St. Patrick's Day, will be observed as a holiday by the banks and Government offices. A FABCEIJ of confiscated gold, consisting of 6ozs. 7dwts. 12grs., will be sold by public auc- tion, by Afr. H. O. Baton, at the Custom-house, this day, Thursday, at noon. A SPECIAL general meeting for the election of members of the Leichhardt Club will be held at the Club-bouse this afternoon, at four o'clock. A SPECIAL meeting of the shareholders of the Rockhampton Provident Investment and Build- ing Society (No. 2) will be held in the Court- house, this evening, at eight o'clock, for the sale of shares. We Widerstand there is about £1500 for disposal. THE usual weekly meeting of the Municipal Council will be held this afternoon, at four o'clock, in thc Council Chambers. In accord- ance with previous notice, Alderman M'William will move " That the Council resolve itself into a committee of the whole to consider, let. the propriety of borrowing a Bum of money (amount to be hereafter determined) to be spent on im- provements in the town. 2nd. to consider the propriety of communicating with the Govern- ment, to find out whether (if such loan be deter- mined on) the Government will guarantee it." WE regret to hear that Mr. C. J. Jensen has mel with a serious accident, through a fall from a horse having fractured his right arm. It is feared that amputation of the limb will be found necessary. MESSES. SHAW, CAFFEB, ABD CO., the agents of tho Peak Downs Copper Company, received on Monday last about three and three-quarters tons of refiued copper from the mines, per Mr. Portus' drays, the carriage from Clermont to Rockhampton being at the rate of £10 per ton, a very considerable reduction on previous rates. A SBHtons accident occurred on Sunday last, to a woman named Mrs. O'Neal residing near tho Immigration Dopôt. While in the act of cooking at n fire in the open air, her dress became onflaaied, and before assistance, attracted by her screams, could bo given her, she wuB dreadfully burnt. Her husband, who was one of tho first to hear her cries for help, was also severely burnt in his efforts to extinguish thc flames, which he finally did by immersing ! the woman in a tank of water. Dr. Robert Bon was sent for, and on arrival ordered tho removal of both patients to tho hospital. The woman still lies in a very precarious state. THE brig "Prospero," just arrived in the Fitzroy, on leaving England had on board two very fine bulls for the Messrs. Archer, of Grace- mere, but we regret to Btate that ono of these died on thc passage out. Tins is peculiarly un- fortunate, being not ouly a loss to the importers but to the district generally. A MEETING was held lost night at Mr. ColW (Tattersall's) Hotel, the object of which was to make arrangements for tho celebration of tho approaching national festival of Ireland. E. M'Kelligett, Esq., was voted into the chair, and a number of gentlemen, among whom were MesBrs. M'Wilham, Jones, Dr. M'Neilly, and Bryson, addressed the meeting. The wish of those present was that the dinner to be held in honour of this day should be a BOcial reunion, at which all, whether of Irish descent or other- wise, might attend. It was resolved to have thc dinner at Mr. Colles' Hotel (Tatter- sall's), and to hove fifty tickets printed, a num- ber of which were immediately bespoke by the members of the committee i the remainder are to be left for sale at different places, named in our advertising columus. The toasts to be proposed were also mentioned, and after a vote of thanks to the chairman the meeting broke up. THE application of MeBsrs. A. O'Connor and Thomas Claro for a publican's license, in William-Btreet, made in the Police Office, on Tuesday, before the Bench of Magistrates, is one deserving of notice. A petition was lodged by Mr. Dick against the granting the license, on the ground that a public house was not required in the neighbourhood, there being already no leBS than four in cloBe proximity. Considerable dis- cussion ensued, and tho Bench were divided in opinion, the Polico Magistrate regarding the matter in a free-trade point of view, whilst the other magistrate, Mr. St. George, thought differently. The Police Magistrate, of course, could have decided it, having from his position a casting vote, but instead of doing this he sent for Mr. R. H. D. White, who, on hearing the facts of the case, coincided with Mr. St. George, and accordingly the application was dismissed. With the applicants we have nothing to do, but we are pleased to Bee this evidence of a desire to check indiscriminate licensing of houses where there is no necessity for them, and hope the local bench will feel the importance of exercis- ing a little j udicious discretion BO far as warranted by law. Ix chronicling passing events and signs of progress, it is our pleasing duty to notice the appearance of a third tri-weekly paper published in Rockhampton. The Newe-(we had almost said, of the World-our ubiquitous contempo- rary's bold and striking representation of the terrestiol orb lying on the table before us,) is printed on a double-demy sheet, and the literary and mechanical departments display considerable ability, creditable equally to the Rockhampton Press and the projectors of the new journal. Our contemporary has launched forth into troubled waters, and will need much resoluteness and hard rowing to outride the storm. According to a portion of the Southern PresB, he will have a fickle community to cater for-at one time vowing vengeance on its rulers and threatening political separation, at another in abject penitence for past ingratitude, acknowledging favours received. Politi- cally The Neuis has, doubtless, a fine field open for profitable occupation, the previously established local journals not presenting to the gaze of " the powers that be," a true reflex of Rockhampton sentiments and opinions. We feel assured he will be astute enough to make capital out of the re- puted deep and wide- spread regard existing in this community for the present Government. TH BEE pensons were yesterday brought before the bench of magistrates, charged by the Sub* j Inspector of Police with selling liquors without a license. In the first case, that of the Sub Inspector e. Norton, the goodB of the defendant were ordered to be confiscated, he being unable to show any sufficient grounds to the contrary. The second case was one in which C. Jarvis, who keeps a small shop in Little Quay-street waa charged with selling liquor to one Denis Calla- ghan, and this having been clearly proved and also that Mr. Jarvis held no license, the Bench inflicted the heaviest penalty, a fine of £30, and in default of payment of this sum, three months' imprisonment. The third case was similar to the last against Urs. Jarvis, wife of the above defendant, and the evidence fully proving the case, the Bench fined her £20. Mr. Dick, who appeared for Jarvis, gave notice of appeal against this decision. MESSRS. LAING AND DEN TAAFFE have un- dertaken a large survey for the Government, and the latter gentleman proceeded yesterday down the river to Broadmount, to make a sur- vey of wharfage allotments, and a number of sections in the township of Herbert. After having finished the euasrey there, Mr. Den Taaffe will proceed to Curtis Island, where he will mark off 640 acres of a government grant to the Milesian Mission, and also make a survey of the greater part of the Island. Having com- pleted his contract in Curtis Island, he will pro- ceed to Raglan Creek, for the purpose of mark- ing off several allotments. It is probable that a township will be formed at this latter place, the depth of water is such as to afford good anchor- age to vessels of large tonnage. WE are glad to hear that the residents of the Mitchell District are anxious to follow the ex- ample set them by those of the Peak DownB and Kennedy, in seeking the establishment of a Provincial Council for the control of the expen- diture of Parliamentary grants. We understand that a petition ia now in course of preparation, and os soon as signatures have been affiied to it will be forwarded to His Excellency the Governor. We have not heard whether the boundaries of the proposed district have yet been defined. As the present gaol will, in all probability, be required for offices connected with tlie railway department, and a new building provided for the use of our criminals, it has been reported that the site chosen for this purpose is a portion of the reserve said to be set aside for a future Government House. We are in a position to state, however, that the reserve referred to will not be interfered with in any way, and that the site has not yet been determined upon, though portions of land being numbers 268, 272, and 122, have severally been suggested to the Go- vernment as suitable for the purpose. The sec- tions are on the north and north-west «ide of the Government reserve, and all adjoin it, on the Athelstane Bange. THE first debate in connection with the De- bating Class of the School of Arts, was held on Tuesday evening last. As the new hall was let to Messrs. Cressy and Ayers, the meeting was held in the office of the Town Surveyor, Mr. Burstall. The Rev. Mr. Smith, chairman of the class, presided, and Mr. L. E. Davies opened the question, "Are railways adapted to the present state of the colony, in a well written essay, in the negative. Admitting all the im- portance and advantages of speedy communi- cation and rapid transit, Mr. Davies held that the colony was not yet far enough advanced to allow of expending largo sums of money for the construction of railways, whioh could not be reproductive for years to come. A heavy loan would have to be incurred by government, the interest of which must necessarily be met by taxation, as the returns of the railways could not meet tViiB and also pay the interest on the sum expended in making them. It might pay ' in some parts where the country was thickly populated, but if railways were extended over the colony, the greater part of which was thinly inhabited there would not be sufficient traffic to defray expenses. The lines would benefit a few living in the immediate vicinity, but the colony should not be taxed for the advantage of a small minority. He objected also to the pro- posed speed (twenty miles an hour) and catered into a long argument on the difiereut qualities of the broad and narrow gauges, the latter, hs held to be totally unfit for the colony. He also argued that if railways were constructed, our preseut roads, upon which a good deal of money had been expended, would be rendered almost useless, and large sums would have been thrown away hi vain. The views taken by Mr. Davies were supported by Messrs. M'William and J. G. I Walker. Meesra. Bell, Gardner, Burstall, Gray, and Dalrymple took the other side of the ques- tion, arguing on the advantages of railways in opening up new country, of encouraging settlers to proceed to the ulterior, and showing of what service the railways would be in bringing down wool to market. The Rev. Mr. Smith also took part in the argument, speaking on the affirma- tive side. After an animated and well sustained debate of two hours' duration, the Chairman put the question, which was carried in the affir- mative. The question for debate on Tuesday next isas follows :-" Is the Queensland Govern- ment justified in supporting the introduction of Coolie labour ?" to be opened by Mr. Gardner, in the affirmative. To give the pleasure without the trouble of a voyage through many lands, appears to have been the primary object of the proprietors of the pan-tecna- theco, which ÍB being nightly exhibited at the School of Arts ; if euoh indeed was the object, it is well carried out. Prom the opening view of the capital and City of Washington, to the concluding one of Mount Etna in eruption, the spectators see passing before them a succession of beautiful scenes of noble buildings and large towns, all so true and so well painted that they seem to exist in reality, and not on canvas. The exhibition opens with a series of views of the City of Washington : of these the view of the new Hall of Representatives struck us as being the most beautiful as a work of art. The contrast of the crimson covered seats with the soft coloured carpet, was brought out in bold relief ¡ and so well have the laws of perspective been observed that the seats, the columns, the whole picture, appear more like an exact model than a painting. Leaving the " busy haunts of men," the diorama carries us away to the romantic Hudson, and we seem to see Washing- ton Irving's descriptions of the quaint old river done in oil colours. Over the White Mountain Range, pawing many a view of majestic gran- deur, the traveller (in his easy chair) is brought suddenly before the Falls of Niagara. These have been so often described by tourists that almost everyone is familiar with their principal features: to judge by descriptions which we have read, os well as by the opinions of those who have seen tile Falls and the diorama, the views are remarkably correct. By the suspension bridge, one of the great triumphs of engineering skill, Canada ÍB reached, and we pass rapidly onwards until the mighty St. Lawrence and the Lake of a Thousand Islands spread themselves before UB. The soft Claude Lorraine tints that render the placid Lake so lovely to look upon, proclaim that we are in the " Indian summer," and it is almost with a sigh that we see the Lake pass away to make way for stormy scenes. The Golden Gate opens to receive us, butuntempted by the richeB that lie there entombed in the earth, we hasten away to the New England coast, to join the hardy sailors who are launch- ing life-boats for the assistance of that gallant vessel wliich winds and waves have driven on the coast. This view deserves special notice. The stranded vessel, the sailors clinging to the ropes, and the excellent grouping of the people on the beach, are worthy of all praise ¡ the effects of light and shade from the beacon fire on the shore are well rendered- The Voyage to Europe is decidedly the great hit of the exhibi- tion. From the moment the port ÍB left, Bli the vicissitudes of a voyage are gone through. Evening comes on, and night, and the moon is seen slowly rising above the horizon and mount- ing in the heavens, now obscured by clouds, now in all her effulgence, while at intervals the tapering mosts of a vessel are seen clearly Btanding out against the broad bright disc. Morning comes on, and the sun rises, soon, however, to be obscured by heavy clouds, pre- cursors of a storm. The storm scene is most effective - vivid flashes of lightning seem to rend the clouds, the «rar« rise mountains high, and peal after peal of thunder, rattling of hail, and strong gusts of «ind, make the spectators almost shudder. We hare not space to enter into a longer description of the exhibition, but it full; merita the support it has hitherto re- ceived, os well for the excellence os for the variety and number of the views. The fourth entertainment is announced for this evening WE recently noticed in our columns that a public meeting had been held at Toowoomba, for the purpose of petitioning the Governor for a re-survey of the line of railway in the neigh- bourhood of that town, as it was asserted that a more eligible route might be chosen than the one adopted by the Engineer-in- Chief. The result of the meeting was a petition to His Excellency, which was presented by His Wor- ship the Mayor of Toowoomba ajsd aérerai members of the Assembly. By o '.i J"? flies from Brisbane, we see that a reply fcas'tean forwarded, in which His Excellency aajrs tíasrie has been advised to refuse the prayer of the memorial, on the following grounds»-That "the proposed terminus of the railway at Toowoomba was selected on account of its engineering advantages, such os easy gradients in the descent of the line towards the .level country to the westward. The value of the property required by the Government for rail- way purposes in the approaches will not exceed what, in all probability, would be required to reach the terminus if placed in the neighbour- hood of the Court-house at Toowoomba, while to attain the latter point, not only would lhere be heavier gradients, but an increased number of bridges, culvert«, and embankments would be necessitated. While the Government agree in the observation of the memorialists that the railway should conduce to the general benefit of the whole colony, it by no means follows as necessary to effect this end that the railway should go through the centre of every town its approaches, or that the terminus at Toowoomba should be in the town at all ; and in placing it near to Bussell-street the engineer has, with the other objects alluded to, had in view the desira- bility of keeping as near to the outskirts of the town as possible." The reply concludes by re- marking that the Government are by no means ignorant of the fact that wherever railways hare been introduced into towns, disputes have arisen among the inhabitants os to the site of the terminus, and they beg to point out that the prosperity of Toowoomba will not rest on the Bite chosen for a terminus, but on the increasing trade given it by the establishing of railway communication and the number of worksohps required for repairs, and other matters con- nected with its working. O CE readers who take an interest in Protes- tant Missions in the islands recently occupied by the French, ea dependent on New Caledonia, will learn with pleasure that the appeal to the Government of France, on behalf of the mis- sionaries, for liberty to remain on the islands and prosecute thou- labours in extending the fospel without being interfered with by the 'renoh authorities, has been followed by a prompt compliance with the request, lt will be remembered that some months sinoe the blande of Mare, Lifu, and Ceo, adjoining New Caledonia, were taken possession- of by the French, though forming on entirely distinct group, and the missionaries, who for years had boen living on the islands, and had very success- fully established missions, wera insultingly ordered to desist their labours under penalty of leaving the islands. The natives who had been under protestant instruction were cruelly treated and their villages burned without having offered any provocation, the reason assigned for these act« being that it would teach them to submit to French rule. The following extraot from a letter addressed to the Kev. Mr. Macfarlane by the Governor of New Caledonia, \ (published in the S. M. Herald, of 6th instant,) shows the determination of the Emperor, and it is difficult to see bow " seizing a place of worship -firing into those who sought shelter there interdicting religious service-placing ministers of religion in durance- putting subordinate teachers in irons" could really harmonise with the sentiments expressed in the subjoined : " I hare in consequence the honour to acquaint you, in the name of the Government of his Majesty the Emperor, that you may count upon the protection of France, and that if, for the opening of schools and the acquisition of land, of which you hare need, you have been remiss in not demanding the necessary authorisations, conformable to the regulations of our possessions, the first of these authorisations will be accorded so Boon as you shall have fulfilled the conditions prescribed by the decree of 13th October, 1863, on public instruction. As to the second, you have been already provided, since the property of the land which you occupy has, from the Zlst of October, 1864, become your own. I have to add that you will not be in anyway hindered at Lifo, in the exercise of your religions ministry, so that nothing result from it contrary to our authority. ' Tn addressing to you these com- munications, which not only express the inten- tions of the Government of his Majesty, but BIBO my personal sentiments oe to the liberty of worship and the intellectual advancement of the population confided to my care, I do not think it useless to recall to you, Sir, that relieion is entirely distinct from politics, and that you ought scrupulously to abstain from all inter- ference in the judicial or administrative affairs of the colony, conforming yourself, besides, like all other residents, to the decrees, rulcB, and decisions of the looa! Government. Receive, Sir, the assurance of my perfect consideration. The Governor of New Caledonia and Depen- dencies. (Signed) Gunian. To Monsieur Macfarlane, Protestant Minister at Lifu. THXnotorious scoundrel, PaddyThom,whowaa lately arrested by the Queensland police, arrived in Sydney from Brisbane on Saturday, (March 4,) and will be forwarded to Mudgee for identifica- tion. There are several charges of robbery against him, both in New South Wales and Victoria. OUB telegraphic messages from Sydney, recently contained the announcement that Mr. W. Nicholson, a flour merchant, had «topped payment. The Commercial report of the Sydney Morning Herald gives the following particulars of a meeting of creditors in the estate, held on the 28th February :-A statement waa read to the meeting showing liabilities to the amount of £36,000, £10,000 of which were secured. Assets £25,000, £16,000 of which were available for unsecured creditors. After some discussion an offer was made by Mr. Nicholson of 10s. in the pound-6s. cash, and 5B. to bs paid at three and nine months' date. As the assets showed a dividend equal to 11s. 8d. in the pound, the offer was not accepted, and a committee was appointed, consisting of Messrs. J. S. Willis, F. LasBetter, Fotheringham, Eldred, and G. A. Lloyd, to investigate his affairs, and report thereon at a future meeting. A MELBOURNE telegram published in the Sydney Morning Herald, of the 3rd instant, states that " in the Assembly, this evening, the Chief Secretary, in answer to a question asked on Thursday night, stated that, the Government having reason to believe that the new tariff would be rejected by the Upper House if it were sent there oe a separate bill, have jeoided to incorporate it in the Appropriation A^'aeaurse which, though unusual, was not wrtfcoSifY^^bi tutional reasons, which he would give miy-Sitj day. The statement, though unexpected, was received with great disfavour by the free trade members, who warmly condemned the conduct of the Government as unprecedented, and a course disastrous to the boat interests of the colony, and an attempt to ooeroe the Upper Chamber. Mr. M'Oulloch «aid the Government would press on the Estimates with all possible dispatch, so as to hare the Appro- priation Bill sent up to the Legislativ« Council and decided as early aa possible. A STEETDÍQ of the Council of the Anti-Trans Sirtation League, recently held in the Town all, Melbourne, at whioh, from a report in til« Argot, we learn that the honorary s care ta ry read a letter received by him from the private secretary to the Governor, forwarding a copy of a despatch from the Secretary of State fin the Colonies, acknowledging the letter ad- dressed to him by the League, in Saxa, 1864, and referring for answer to his despatoh of 26th November but, intimating the intention of her Majesty's Government to propose to Par- liament, in the neit session, measures which, i( adopted, will in three years render transporta- tion to Western Australia unnecessary. Tlie council resolved that there should be forwarded, through His Excellency the Governor, a letter expressing the gratification of the colonists at the intelligence of the intentions of the Imperial Government. That the members of the League have felt that only a full and careful review of the subject of transportation in all its bearings was necessary to secure compliance with the prayer of our petitions, being assured that our fellow-countrymen in Great Britain are incapable of knowingly acting harshly or un- justly. That, in this belief, the League has uni- formly repudiated tlie adoption of measures of a retaliatory or offensive character, and has con- fined its .suggestions to a recommendation that the lews fdr preventing the influx of criminals lob" ' colony should be rendered more strin gsilat.' 'IJhst the League confidently anticipates that Parliament will favourably receive the measures which Government intend to pro- pose. And that, though the colonists be numerically weak, and are unrepresented in the Legislature, mere generosity will prevent their just remonstrances from being disregarded. And finally express a hope that the number of convicts to be sent to Western Australia may be as email as circumstances will permit, and that a termination may be put as early as possible to a system which, so long as it continues, will keep up a feeling of uneasiness tending to diminish the affection towards the mother country always entertained' by the colonists of Victoria, whose loyalty and respectful attach- ment to their Sovereign has never been im- paired. A letter in these terms has since been prepared, signed by the Hon. W. 0. Haines, Chairman of tlie League, and by the hon. secretary, and forwarded to the private secre- tary, for the purpose of transmission under sanction of his Excellency. The following account of an attempt by a fiddler of personating the bushranger Morgan, is recorded by the Yass Courier:-Last Fri- day evening a man entered the bar of the inn at Five-mile Creek, near Bogolong, and called for some brandy, which was served to him. He was swaggering in his manner, and in the course of conversation told the barkeeper he had a horse, which, for reasons best known to himself, he had fastened to a tree hard by. After having stalked about the bar and parlour for some time, uttered amazingly " tall talk," be called for more brandy, and insisted on the barkeeper supplying it to all the people about, at the same time saying that he had no money, and that he made it a rule never to carry any. Of course this admission, followed so closely on the heels of the order, induced the barman to atop the supplies, and he peremptorily refused to draw any more liquor for a confessedly non-paying customer. The refusal did not appear to take the stranger by surprise, but merely bad the effect of changing his tactics. He informed the barman that be was no leas a person than Daniel Morgan, the terror of the south- western country, at the same time producing a brace of revolvers which he pointed at the bead of the now terrified man. It was too late to retract the refusai which had awakened the ire of his customer, and with the rapidity of lightning the tapster nude a run and darted through a window with as much grace and agility as the most accomplished harlequin, closely followed, but not through such an in- convenient aperture, by the man whose require- ments he had refused. An exciting chase took place round the house, and on repassingthe window the bannan observed the revolvers lying on the sill, and quickly took possession of them. The self-called Morgan followed up the pursuit, but was soon compelled to capitulate to the combined powers of the barman and cook, who securely bound him hand and foot. The police were sent for, sud on their arrival the captive was handed over to them and conveyed to Gun- dagai. On reaching the lock-up there he was identified as a drunken fiddler of errant habits and ecoentrio manners. On searching him £2 were found in his boot, but no account could be given of his possession of the revolvers. ANOTHER. CHAMPION BACE MEETING.-The Herald of February 28th says :-The prelimi- naries have been arranged for a champion race to take place on the Melbourne course on the let of January 1866. Already a number of gentlemen have subscribed the large amount of £1,600, and this sum, with the added money from the numerous entries which are sure to be made, will secure something very handsome to the winner and second horse. This will be the largest stake yet run for in any of the colonies. The following programme has been arranged under the auspices of the Victoria Boeing Club : -New Tear's Gift, a sweepstakes of 5 sovereigns each, with 100 sovereigns added, for all horses. Autumn welter weights for age. One mile and a-half. Professional riders are excluded from taking part in this race. Champion Bace, a sweepstakes of 50 sovereigns, half-forfeit, with 1600 sovereigns added. Three years old 7 st. 1 lb. ; four years, 9 st. ; five years, 9 st. 9 lb. ; six years and aged, % st. S lb. Mares and geldings allowed 8 lb. Second horse to receive 100 sovereigns, and the third to save his stake. Three miles. Nominations, with 10 sovereigns, to be forwarded to the Secretary of the Victoria Sacing Club, 60 William-street, Melbourne, before 4 p.m. on the 6th of July, 1865 ; the remainder of the stake (40 sovereigns), or of the forfeit (16 sovereigns), to be made good on the day of general entry. N.B.-No entries will be received after the hour above- mentioned, General National Sweepstakes, a handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns, 6 sovereigns il declared, with 800 added. About twice round the course. For particulars see future advertise- ments. Flying handicap sweepstakes of 6 sovereigns each, with 100 added. For all horses One mile. 