The arrangement respecting, tlie Border Customs duties on goods' .passing across tho Murray,' which' was agreed to soino time baek at a Conference of the repre sentatives of the-JTew South Wales and f il/tuiiuu V«W»VtU4UUUVC AMpvvMt Cijl, 13 likely to come to .ani untimely end.:. It has formed tho subject of ,a recent cor respondence between the Ministers' of both'colonics.i Tho'object of the corre spondence. was to obtain from the .Victo rian Government a certain modification of tho, arrangement' as originally assented to by the : Conference. It will be remembered that one of its provisions was to tbo effect that Victoria should .collect tho duties on the river-borne goods' in accordance with tbo charges ,of tbo. Victorian tariif, and should' pay over to " Sow South Wales, out of tho proceeds, the net amount that should! bo found due to that colony ac cording ,to;_its (that Js. the New South Wales) tariff — an allowahco 1 of five per cent., as cost of collection;1 being made to Victoria as tho tax gatherer; The Govern ment of our neighbours also undertook to nuthorise the : Victorian Customs-officers to exercise their functions" within the territory of New. . South Wnlos. Mr. Smart; tho Treasurer at Sydney,' however found this portion' of the original agree ment, jto bo _so unpopular in his own colony, especially in. tho district mainly, affected by it, namely tho_ Itiverine country, that he has bought to induce our Government to modify it so far, as to consont to col lecting; tho duties solely in accord ance with the New South Wales, in stead of in conformity with the Victorian tariff. The negotiations had arrived at this point, and no definite settlement of the question under discussion had been arrived at when a wholly new aspeet is givon to tho nffair by the action of tho Now South Wales Legislative Assembly. Our telegrams from Sydney inform us that on Thursday last, the 15th insfc., the Assembly there rojected by a majority of fourteen tho motion of Mr. Cowper the Chief Secretary, that the original agree ment wo have roferrcd to between tbo two Governments relative to tho collection of tho Border Duties should bo con firmed. Tho agreement was so distaste ful to the Sydney law-givers, that thoy would listen even to no modification of it. And without pausing to consider the awkward and undignified position in which they placed their own Government by refusing to ratify a treaty into which the latter, in good faith, and as the ex ponents of the public and political opinion of the country, had entered with a neighbouring Government, they per emptorily declined to accord their ratifi cation to it. This cutting of tho Gordian knot with such summary nonchalance by the Sydney Assembly, at once brings the Border Treaty to a stand-still. And some fresh arrangement must be speedily como to, or otherwise tho old harsh, obstructive, and.misehievous system of hostile customs exactions, at the hands of both Governments on both banks of tho river, will be restored to tbo groat annoyance and cost of tho Itiverine people and to the great detriment of tho largo trade which Victoria lias with that part of New South Wales. We do not know how far our Government would have been disposed ultimately to accede to tho wishes of tho N ew South Wales Treasurer, if the Legislative Assembly of our neigh bours had not stepped in and cut tho ground from under nil further negotiation. It is natural that Victorian Ministers should hesitate to allow dutiablo goods to pass through their own territory for eon- sumption in an udjoining colony, ut rates dill'erent from what those samo goods would pay if they stopped short of tho Murray and wore consumed within Vic torian territory. But thoy might, upon maturcr consideration of tho question, perhaps have waived their objections to this, course, had matters been allowed to remain solely iu tbo hands of tho respcetivo Governments of the two colonics. The collective wisdom of New South Wales has however thought fit to step in unceremoniously and" squelch" all further Ministerial diplomacy which had for its basis (lie original agreement. They have tlnrs "presented a clean .sheet to the negotiators to commenco opera tions over again upon a new and different' footing — one which will probably bo iii accordance with the proposal of Mr. Smart, namely the collection ot tho duties in conformity with the New South Wales 'instead of tlip. Victorian tariff. It cannot bo denied that the recent changes in tbo custqms charges of New South A Vales, complicate the subject very much. Twenty per cent, additional upon all existing dutios, and one shilling per packet upon imported goods of all kinds, whether dutiable or not, conslitnto tho amended fnrifi'of New South Wales. And if Vic toria is to bo required to cnforco these charges upon all goods passing across the Murray, in order thnt the other arrange ments of tho original agreement or border treaty, may bo carried out, her position will be somewhat anomalous. She will be, in many instances, exacting from her own traders for the benefit of a foreign Government duties and customs charges which will either have no existence in hor own territory or will bo much heavier than her own duties are. And this in creased impost she will levy on her own men of commerce, almost in the fashion of a penalty, and because of their enterprise in pushing their trade across the border. It is therefore not a very agreeable potion that is offered to lier, by the pragmatical patriotism of tho New South Wales Assembly. Tliero are however in this, as in most other matters, pros and eoils which show the acceptance or rejection of such an nrrangement to be siinplv a .balance of advantages and disadvantages. If the former are seen to prevail in the altered arrangement, then the Ministry ot Mr. M'Culloch cannot err in ac cepting it. It is worth wliilo making some sacrifice to preserve the river trado of the interior of New South Wales — of those vastregions watered by tho Murray, the Murrumbidgec, tho Jidward, tho Lachlnu, and the Darling — for tho com merce and the railway traific of Victoria. Should tho Sydney Government ngain re-establish customs stations along the Murray, and thus intercept or dam back the influx of goods passing naturally from Victoria into the Iliver'ine district, the proceeding would throw the main supply of these districts into the hands of the people of Adelaide, and by depriving us of tho inland trado would not only materially injure our interests, but would likewiso frustrate at tho very outset the policy of our railway system to the Mur ray, by depriving tbo Jicliuca lino of tiio traffic emanating from tho great interior. Tho vast plains of the Western region of Now South Wales, nnd oven of tho Southern and Western parts of Queens land would ultimately pour an enormous traffic upon our Northern Bail way, if no mishap sueh as that which now threatens, should occur to divert that trade down tho Murray to Victor Harbour or Adelaide. It is worth while making an effort then to conserve this trado to our people, and to our railways. And if tho price to bo paid for tbo advantago is the substitution of the Now 'South Wales for the Victorian tariff in tho duties levied on goods crossing tho Murray, then, it appears to us that tho wiser course is to pay that price, and retain our commercial intercourse with Biverina and tho rogions ' stretching tlicnce northwards. In one respect the Ministry of this colony1 lias shown a . very liberal spirit, and one wbieh tbe Sydnoy folks do not seem to value at its truo worth. This liberality is evinced in tbo offer to forego tbo heavy wine duties chargeable under our tariff upon tho produce of tho vineyards at Albury and other wine- producing localities on tho New South Wales border, upon condition that there should bo per fect freo trade in local produce on each side of the Border. We have on a formor occasion shown that such an arrangemont could bo carried out, irrespective of the objections raised under tho Constitution Act of each colony, against " differential duties." And the New South Wales people should only bo too glad to grasp at the offer, as tho advantago of such an arrangement is almost sololy on their side. This local free intercourse ought in fact to be made tbo basis of all future arrange ments respecting tbo Border Duties between the two colonies, instead of their wasting tirno , and frittering away their own self-respect and true interest in dis putes as to which of tho two tariffs shall prevail on. tho Border. Our own duty however is obvious. It is to preserve the traffic of tho interior, and, if necossarypto moke concessions for that purpose. We are Informed that the Board of Land and. Works have under consideration several plans for preventing any aueeess/ul attempts at evasion by means of mediums. In accordance with the promise made by hlra on Tuesday last, Mr. Grant has during the last day or two with drawn portions of runs where, but for such withdrawn), the Crown tenant would have no land left to him for his stock. It may he as well to remind ratepayers that unless the rates, due on the 1st of April last, are paid before Tuesday next, they will be precluded from having their names included in either the electoral or ratepnyers' rolls, and therefore will not be entitied to vote at either parliamentary or municipal elections. The Geelong edveriUer sayB, "it has been informed that among other mediums employed by a squatter, nt tits land selections at Belfast, were two members of our Legidative Assembly, one policeman, nnd four yousg ladies, ono of whom, we understand, was the daughter of a clergyman. The pay of tho ladies averaged from LI to L5 per day. A very singular accident Is thus reported in the Hendigo A dvertiser " A few days ago the storemsn in the employ of Messrs. Bucknall Brothers, ramed Sierrukowski, was engaged opening a keg of herrings. On removing some of the hoops of tho keg, which was perfectly air- tight, It suddenly burst with a loud noise, nnd a portion of couso, or rock salt, which the keg contained, flew up and struck the man in the eye, inflicting a very esvere wound. On being taken to tho hospital, J>r. M wgllli vrsy , who examined tho eye, was of oniniun that the sight was so much Injured that ho had no hopes of ever rcaloring it agajn." A return hat been laid on tho table of tho Assembly showing tho maneys expended in connection with the Burke and Wills exploring expedition, slid the different subsequent expe ditions for the relief of tho explorers. ThU return states that the importation of the camels co«t 1.511)7 lls.djd.; the grants to the Expio- ralion Committee, Including tbo expedition under Laudsborougli, were f.21,270 ls. lid. ; despatch of the Victoria steamer to tho Albert River, 1-12,120 4s. tkl. ; monument to Burke and Wills, L4000; pensions and gratuities to King, Mrs. and tho Miss Wills, Mrs. Doiierty, Dost Mniiomiued, and Di. Welch, L7070 — total, LM/Xi'J I7s. 11 jd. The Burke r.nd Wills expedition cost for outfit, L4510 2s. 10(1. ; gene ral expenditure, L553S lis. lid. — total, LIU, 045 14s. 0d. ; Uowitt's expedition, L4U75 14s. 5d. ; Landsborougli's. 1,37408s. Id. ; Walker's, L324'2 7s. lid. ; contingencies, L11S0 ltis. 2d. ; funeral of 13urko anil Wills, L749 3s. Cd. A deputation, introduced by Mr. Randall, M.L.A., waited upon the lion, the Commissioner of Lands nnd Survey yesterday, and asked how certain occupation " license holders at the Dog Creek, Bunlnvnng, who had obtained possession of their allotments, hut were now threatened with ejection by the action of the Leviathan Mining Company, coutd secttro their homestead. Mr. Grant said that personally ho thought that as some had pa'd iu rent the amount of fee -simple, they 6hould cither be allowed to acquire the land or should receive compensation from the company; bat as it was intended to appoint a Board to inquiro into such cases, he could not decide until then. A meeting in furtherance of the objects of the MetropJirnn Pormaneut Buiiditig and Invest ment Society was held last night at the Court house hotel, Hotham. Mr. B. P. 8. Sturt, who was to have presided, forwarded a letter apolo gising for his absence, which liaii occurred through duties faking him out of town. Mr. Liddle was then voted to the chair. Mr. R. G. Benson, the secretary to the society, explained tbe advantages which lie stated it possessed over terminating societies, more especially to borrow ing shareholders, who, In this society, could borrow to much greater ndvantago, nnd could not be made to pay one farthing more than they ha I engaged to pay, or to pay it ono day earlier than they had contracted to do. At the close of Mr. Benson's remarks, a number of questions were put to him as to the terms on which the society advaucej money to borrowing share holders, nnd were answered apparently to the satisfaction of the audience. It wna stated that 1300 shares hod been taken up in the society since its establishment 18 months ngo. The meeting closed wilh a vote of thanks to the chairmnn, and several shares were then taken up. A great public demonstration took placo at Cnilleinaiue on Thursday, iu celebration of tbe tidings that the Colib'.n water so ppiy scheme had been accepted by tho Legislative Assembly. The Hail thus describes the rojoieiog.t : — "At about half-past 7 o'clock in the evening tho bond began to ploy, the fire, hell and other hells com menced to sound out their recognition of the importance of the impromptu ceiehration; large tires blazed on tho heights round Custleinaiuo and in tho market place; anqiher salute was tired, and shortly afterwards the fire briga-ies, witli their engines decorated with flags, headed by the Cosiiemaine band, and followed by tbe members of each company bearing torches, pa raded the streets of the town. In the procession we noticed ono of Cobb anil Co. 'a large coaches, loaded with passengers, bearing torches. The whole place was alive with people who had como in flora the surrounding neighbourhood, and one was disposed to wouder how such a cau- eonise could have been got together iu this ordinarily quiet locality. At Campbell's Creek a meeting, convened to consider the 42nd clause, was postponed until to-night, in order that those who would otherwise have been present might not lose the opportunity of assisting at tho de monstration. Several meetings and many pri vate engagements wete postponed in deference to the demonstiation, which certainly far ex ceeded tbe expectations of those who had arranged the programme. Passing tho Mail office the procession paused for a short time, playing meanwhile. Previous to dispersing in Market square the national anthein was pot funned, and tho mayor called for three cheers, which were heartily given by the largo concourse that by this time had collected. It was estimated that tho number of persons who took psrt in the proceedings, as active agents or spectators, could not have been short of 4000." The good peoplo of Cnstlemnine'were surely a little premature iu their jubilation. We have Sydney papers to tbe 13lh. The only colonial news sf interest that we can find in cur flics additional to what the telegraph hus already supplied, is the following, relating to the projected manufacture of kerosene. The paragiaph occurs in tho lllawarra Mercury. — "During the past week Air. Hall, a mem ber of the firm of Hebblewhlte and Co., of Syd ney, lias paid a visit to the district witli a view of making inquiries respecting the kerosene raiueral, and we are happy to find thnt he is well satisfied with the result of his trip. We are in formed that if ho can be guaranteed 000 tons ol mineral; per1 week, ho, or the company with which lie is connected, would at once erect works at a cost of L5000 or L0000. Bef re anything definite can be determined on, it is ne cessary to prove that tbe mineral exists in a sufficient- quantity, and for that purpose Mr. Fnseett has been commissioned to examine the property belonging to Mr. Robert Owen. It is said, also, that tho company is prepared to pur chase land, if obtainable at n reasonable rate." An anecdote of the land selection nt Arnrot, reprinted from the Advertiser : Ou Fridny last tho revolutions of tiie lottery box at the land office east to the surface the name of a gentle man called Alexander Keith, who had made his signature by means of that stenographic symbol, which is popularly suppond to represent all patronymics alike. Mr. Keith was called nt first loudly, next vehemently, and then threat- ningly. The waiting selectors handled the name about, nnd curiously examined the movements of the expectant crowd, to loam who the fnvoarito of fortune was, who was now invited to tnko possession of 640 acres, nud become a ycoinun nnd a stay to his adopted country. 'No ap pearance' was on the lips of the impatient officer,' when a gentleman who seemed to have but ju-i awoke to and himself famsus, stnggercd through the crowd, and declared himself tho veritable proprietor of the cognomen. Mr. Keith wore a blua serge shirt and billycock hat, moleskin trousers, and lacelcss laceups; tbo collar of the shirt was unbuttoned, and displayed to the beat advantage a muscular throat, which with liis face gave evtdencos of having been browned under Tostnanian suns, ss well as by cum of Victoria. Having rolled into tbe ofiioo with a disdainful glance nt the constables, he informed tho clerk Dint ho wanted an ' arey,' but being told that an area was rather loo much of a monopoly, tho ttinhi- tlous selector became wishful to know if tho land was on tho Geelong side, pathetically and confi dently remarking, that he wanted a slice of old 'a run, you know.' Mr. Keith was told that tbe areas open for selection were not on the Grelong side, and one of the obliging officials placed h plan before him, showing the lands on which he was free to choose a Allure home. The selector looked vacantly at the map, bur. nt length became attracted by a bright green allot ment, which nt once won his capricious faucy, indicating ss it did such luxuriant herbage, but much to his disgust he found that" ' the green lot' hud .been already selected. At length he fixed on a yellow section, and declared his inten tion of resting satiified with the choice. The description and area of the loud chosen were called out, and Mr. Keith was requested to move further over and pay his money. ' Pay,' queried the Middled but startled bona fide, ' I got no money (hie) old tin ; thought itwas free selection you know.' Mr. Keith was immediately shown- the door, towards which Mr. Koilh very leisurely retired; and through which he called to know if Die ' covse' would just keep him tlmt era lot till he returned." , We hove the following information from the Rnilwsy Department : — On and after the 1st J uly the first up nnd down trains only will stop nt Epsom and lluntiy ( Edition line), for the pttrposo uf taking up end setting down pas sengers. The Cooronu, from Adelaide, brings us papers to the 14lh. An influential committee lias liern- formed to co-opernto with tho Lcichtnrdt Senrcli Committee. The gentlemen composing it intend urging upon tbo South Australian Govrrument tho propriety of proposing n grint in aid An a'toriginnl unlive known as George lies been committed for trial at Knpundn, for violating a girl 11 years of age, named Jemima Phillips. The City of Lnunccnton, which arrived on Thursday night, brought intelligence from the northern capital to the 14th. A most calamitous fire, attended witli loss of life ami considerable deetruolion of properly, took place nt tho Olind- ielgli inn, Chudlcigh, on the night of the 7th lust. Abuut hnlf-past !i o'clock on that night, tho deceased, a man named John Lackey, who had just been discharged from the service of Mr. Henry RockiitT, of Woatly Dale, had taken his bedding into a stnbie nt the bark nf the premises to sleep on the straw anil bay, witli which a part of tho stable . was filled, iu the stable there were. two valuable draught mares, upwards of 10 sets of hsmcsj, am! a large quantity of tools mid other articles, end nt the. further end n stack containing from 15.- to 20 tuus'of hay. - in a stable adjoining, auil which ' was sepirated from the first by ;,h"' jiiiling pnrtll'lcn, were three more draught horses and several loads of straw. Mr. .Picket -ts'ai'.u'nfoftiiimlely detained from home thnt night, -iniii on Mra. Picket retiring to rest, about ll ojclock, ever\'ih!ug'np|i'iarod sale. At nbstlt a quarter to IB she was alarmed by seeing the reflection of a great light shilling through the skylight of the Ifcdroam. trim at once invoke her eon Arthur,' who,' without wait ing to dress, immediately ruslicil down 'into tho yard, and saw both stnblts enveloped in a mass of file, the flames just bursting through the one in which Lockcy was. It was then impossible to get near the door, but with great presence of mind and at a personal risk which would bare deterred many, he forced bis way into tbo other stable, and cut the halters of tho three horses there, nnd drove tliem out. . Almost -Imme diately after this the loft fell in and burot the building; an immonse volume of flainc rushing through the end, within n few feet of which stood n wooden fowlhouse, which building almost immediately rdjoins a large stone store and a dwfllinghousc, containing a large supply of stores; stock, hr.d furniture, which, but1 for the most strenuous ekertions of a few of tiio neigh bours, who were quickly on the -spot, and the Immediate proxiinityof s hrgo'quautity of water iu a brick reservoir, hmust havo' been en'lrely consumed. Tho neighbours .poured, on the building a regular dclugo of water, ami con tinued doing ro 'during tbe greater part of the night until the flames- was subdued,1 Tho sight thnt then presented it-elf will not soon bo forgotten by those who were there on that unfortunate night: the blackened and stili burn ing posts marking out Die spot where a short time before extensive, stabling stood — Die charred and bloated carcasscu of tile two marcs which . were burnt in their stalls — and in the stall nearest the door, the cindered and still smouldering corpse of the miserable inau, almost unrecognisable as the remains of a human being. It is supposed thnt he lmil lit his pipe in the night, nnd hint carelessly allowed Acime sparks to drop on the straw or hay on which lie lay, and on finding Diat the stable was on fire lie IibiI en- deavuuted to csonpe by Die door, within n yard or two ol which lie was lying, but unfortunately pacing the door he fell itito the nearest stnil, and had probably been kicked by tho horse In its agony." The Tasmnnians, Mr. Hargreavc-s reports, notwithstanding, continue to believe in Die existence of ti payable goldfish! in Dio colony, at a locality known as Devil's Den, Piper's Kivor. "Sltotty" gold has recently been found by Mr. J. L. Stuait, a mining surveyor, formirly in the service of the Victorian Govern ment. ; A petition, npmerously signed by influential residents in Benalla and surrounding district, is ' about to be forwarded to the proper authorities, praying their, favourable consideration of the cm-e of Superintendent Cobhara, whoso conduct with refereniio. ts -'.the- disfigurement body of Morgan, the bushranger, lias recently been the subject iof Inquiry. From the language of the petition, tbe officer, would appear to be held in very high estimation in the district. Several actions wore, tried in the Nisi Priu Court Yesterday, before the Chief Justice. In Cameron v. Glass, the plaintiff sought to recover damages for more sheep being delivered to him on a station he bought tli'nn he'bnrgnin'ed for. Tho jury found for the defendant. Hayes v. Farley was an action for trespass, the defendant having entered the premises of the plaintiff, a lmir-dressor at Ballasrat, and sold off his pro perty under an execution. In this Instance also a verdict was returned for tho defendant. In Mnvne v. M'Clure and Valentine the plaintiff was awarded 1.32 as eorapensa'ion for wrongful dismissal from his situation as manager uf a store at Terang. ; . " During the last -few days,'' says the BaUaniat Surij' " two eases of accident at death have occurred at .Beaufort. . The first was that of Margaret Plnnock; caused from her clothes having caught- fire1 at" her ciwii; fireside. The ether was that, of a little girl, oiily 21 months old, and. win ca'udedrby her 9caiding herself in consequence of the upsetting uf a pot of boiling coffee, 'inquests were held -in" each case, and u verdict of accidental death recorded." At the weekly meeting of the Exer.utivo Com mittee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held oil Friday, the Superintendent made Die follow ing return: — Number of inmates in the home, as, reported lost week, 228; admitted since, 80. Persons , who have received out-dnor relief, 205, or 76 families.1 Total relieved, 608. Discharged from tbe home "during the- week', 72. Total nt present rcmnlulng, 230. Number stone-breuk- iug, 28 ; iiorsehair-tcazing and aakuin-pickiiig, 16\. The following subscriptions have been re ceived (luring the week, per Mr. Gofl, collector t — Tho Bank' of- Austruiiieiu, L10 ; Messrs. Turuhuil, LI ; hik T. B. Guest, LI ; It. W.L , fls. ; and the Rev. G. Maokie, LI Is. Fur tho following account of recent troubles with the'. blacks in. Queensland wc are indebted to Die JtoclthamjHon .5 ews : — ' The blacks have, we understand; muetercd en lnnsio, and emboldened by Dip impunity which has attended their inost recent murders, arc maiiilcsti tig every sign of contemplating new atrnciiios. They have, as already chrouicled, murdered Inspector Hill, speared ids troopers, killed the superintendent of Air. Thomson's station— as a sort of commemoration of Her Aiojesty's birth day and nnuual dole of b'ankcts, and impressed the unprotected squatters with lively appre hensions of future outrage. Now that the Native Pollco camp is removed from Rrck- hamptou there is no fore available for an emergency, and we think it is not for considera tion, but for action, te immediately disputvli a few volunteer bushineu to tho relief of the belengured stations. These incorrigible wretches are really becoming unbearuble, nnd require u regular dressing down. Ordinary morality can only be driven into their obtuse skulls liv leaden lessons, and if we hereafter learn Dint the squal- Urshavmakeu mnitersinto their own bifida, wo shall, in face of the terrible attrucitics rctunhiiug unavenged, not regard the precedent wilh dis favour. Even at the present time we have n mail in gaol — one Thomson — well known, anil respected by those who know him, charged wiili the wilful murder of a unlive, who;e death most probably resulted from hi own vibes, and who at any rate deserved shouting, if, as there is no rtti'on to doubt, lie snapped his revolver at the max who justifiably shot hitu for his bruvmio. A mnu with a pistil pointed at him is not pre- sumed to enter into cesul'tical proeesr. of resinn ing as to its contents or Die obj ct of tho parly presenting it, but rather, if he have any respect for his own infety nnd tho means of defence, to employ the same lo the beat advantage. The soonerwe have Pompcy and his brethren under going aborigiual sepulturo the better ior Die progress of the colony." ; Only four eases were disposed of at tho Crimi nal Sessions, yesterday. John Murray, who pleaded guilty to a charge of burglary, was sen tenced to two yeats upon the roads. John M'Cabe nnd Wm. Dunn, convicted, the former on hi own admission, of having roblied the till of a publichouse, were remanded for , sentence. Thomas Dodtls, charged with defrauding John Allen, the manager nf the Jerusalem Gin Palnee, in Beurke street, by telling him as brandy a quarter- cask containing, beyond water,' only a few pints of brandy in n tin vessel fixed over the tap- ltolo, wns acquittei|; the jury apparently ac cepting his defence, und believing liiiii a lucre dupe in the matter, Louisa King and J, din M'Donald were charged with larceny trom tho person; the woman wns convicted nnd sentenced to six months' imprisonment, but tile man \vn« acquitted. There are yet u large number of cases to be disposed of, several additional or.es being placed ou the list yesterday. At tile District Court, yesterday morning, David Black, n sta l-holdcr in the Eastern Mar ket, was fined 12s. (id. for using abusive lan guage to Mr. Kiuselia, nssisiunt market in- spsclur. At the City Police Court, yesterday, a well-known desperuto character named George. Veiuworth, alios Crabtree, was charged with helng a prisoner of the Crown iliegally at large from Tasmania. It appears that the pri soner commenced ills career, of crime in 1S1G, nnd from that period 1ms been sentenced nt different ttuiL'ii, for various offences, to 37 years' imprison ment. He was remanded -to Tasmania, and re- cciietl an intimation from the Bench thnt if he was ugAin found in Vieturin lie would be sent to ,l?entrldgo for three yrnrs. . A liighl raid by the Bnnd'nuret polico upon the Chinese gamblers was made on Wednesday. It is reported us follows in the fiendigo - dvtr- iiicr : — "Wednesday night secret iuslructiuus were l-eucd by the head of the police d«partincnt f«r a raid to be mads on tome oi the Chinese ' hells,' which are icuoarn to exist in the encamp ment at Ironbark. Accordingly, about the mi.-.night hour, Sergeant Drought nud three constables took a circuitous route to the rear of Die encampment. Knowing the locale of the principal gambling tent, they cautiously made their way to tho rear unperceived by the seoittn, which the proprietors keep on the watch for any domiciliary visits of Die blues. Co lecting bis forces ot the back door of the house, Sergeant Drought and his constables made their (lush into Die room, and suddenly faced between 40 arid 60 of Die cclostiais at the table, where sat the banker, witli al! the implements of iiis gambling ending around him, while on different portions of the table money of all kinds, from Die Chinese coin lo tho English sovereign, was scattered about in front of the players. A bomb-Dull dropped iu the camp — the sudden exclamation of Tatn O'Shaater which caused such consterna tion amongst the witches in the Kirk of Allowny — or any other equally utilookcd for interitip. tion, could not have caused such n terror, such n consternation, r»iul such a babel of sounds. Borne of the celestinis divod under the tables, upset ting money and lights, some struggled for a first step in Die right direction of the ticor, a bile others nrtuuily toak harlequin leaps through the frail walls nnd windows of Die building, about n dozeu of them took uourage from their desperate peril and mads a ru-li to overpower the consta bles. When Dio bailie and confusion had ter minated, the result wai, none seriously wounded, and eight prisoners In handcuffs, two and two ; each of Die constables look char-- a of two pri soners by twisting their tniis around his left wrht, nnd marching them before him. Tiny were no.-, allowed to depart in pence, for as they proceeded through the cucampmint they were loudly ftssuiled witli menaces which they could only partly comprehend ; the danger of a re-cue was nt one time so imminent that one of tho cunstaVies got hold of n buMicr's clc'aver, witli which lie had to threaten some of Die more perti nacious of Die crowd win. followed. Aft r lodging their prisoners in the lock- up the police pro ceeded to another gambling-house near Kan garoo Fiat, where they urrrsted another batch of1 Chinamen under similar circumstances. . The whole of them, along wit.ii nu iin-uctise collection of Chinese gambling articles, und a considerable sum In money, were brought before tbe Muni cipal Bench on Tour-day, and the exaT.in.ition into the charge remanded to Saturday." From an article upon " The Doings of Dummies," which appears in Die Ararat and Pleasant Creek Advertiser, we extract the foliowlug, in which the species ' dummy" is rntlier ingeniously treated : — Dummyisin lias made gigantic strides here since the first intro- ducriou of this land lottery. It has Infected nil classes alike. There are, wo are so;ry to sny, but few amongst us who have not yielded to the temptation. The dltt'ereut grades employed in this profitable occupation may be divided into tho substantial dummy, the hiiod dummy, and tho speculative dummy. At the commence ment there were only the two first clntses in ex'Btcnoo, but Die march of the dummy intellect has developed the third. The first brings ids own money, nnd gets bBck the deposit and ' consideration' together when lie makes over the land ; or if unfortunate, lie quietly drawa his wages only. The hired dummy , Is not trusted till Ms name be called, and then he is given his list and L3-2 to select witli ; Ids emergence from the yard is anxiously leaked for, and lie is quietly accompanied by n ' trustworthy agent to an office, where he 'shows the lot lie has taken up, and refunds the balance if any. The specula tive dummy is one who, although lie has ' nu work to do,' enters with the rest, nnd if his name be culled, he goes to sonic one who Ims an einpdaver, and asks what he will give him ; the bonus isunmcd, the bundle of notes liaudjd over, and tile third specie of dummy enters fur selection. Again, there nre there who coil themselves buna fide speculators, who take up -round on their own account, with n view of telling at a profit iu the course of the evening, er in a week or a month, according lis ' lu'-;- mny f.'ol inclined. Some strangers took up a few sections . of stones with' this view, hut found the investment any tiling but ptofi-.ablc; aiiotlicv luiin took tho allotment ho thought best, nnd found himself the happy' possfssor of a inr.rnss nnd wild ducks; while n third monopolised a romantic estalc of scrub. These the agent or principal decline to purchase, mid lacctiau-ly r. quest the selectors to fence tliera in or 'settle,' ;nnd become lama fides. Bomctimes tho dummies, thus far dentera'hed by the evasion, go still furiher, and believing that Die law will protect litem, break faith with tlic-ir employers. One man to whom was given the inquired sum to take up 6J0 acres, ou finding thnt his nnnio was not called, was moving home ward oblivious of what his p ickets oontsioed ; on being gently reminded of the fact of ids possess ing other people's property, ho asked what wages lie was to pet for his day's work; a pound a day was named; but tliie did not satisfy Die gentleman, so he ofl'eted to return L2f), remark ing that lie considered L3 for Die tiny but fdr market terms. Dummy was threatened with a poli -cmnii, and, as we are told, one was actuslly cuked to take him iu charge. The gti-iidiin of Her Majesty's laws, however, refused to incar cerate Die ratm, ns lie failed to sec that lie had obteiiKil money on false pretences. Another uf these hired gentlemen drew the let, paid the >'e- po-'it, but refusal to give up the land except ho got L40 or L60 eousidermioti, while a third lias not yet been convinced of ihu propriety of returning or making aver either the land or de posit money. For the most part, however, the dummies have acted es they promised; the speculative (lummy, ou the whale, has proved — wl'lt tile bonus -f L20 or 1.31), a the case may lie — couteuted with lit profit without breaking , faith. " A football match for the Athletic Challenge Cup niil be played this a/rerroon. between the Melbourne anil South Yarra clubs. Mrs. Lovell's play of "Ingomarthe Barbarian or the Son of the Wilderness " was repeated at the Theatre Royal last night, in the presence of Ids Excellency the Governor ami Lady Darline- The house was extremely well attended, and the ) performance was a meritorious one. This even ing Mr. Barry Sullivan will appear a l'ctrudiio" In Taming the Shrow," after wlfici, q ' " Sen of loo" and a new keal farce entitled Tiffins the Imperishnblo" will he played. The " Sea of Ice" was presontcd for the second time at the Ilayraarkct Theatre bust nlglit, to an excellent house. The sensation scene iu the second ."act, representing the break ing up of thefco and the appearance of the aurora boroalls, was received witli considerable en tliusiasm, and elicited uproarious applause. Tlia piece lias boon liberally pinccd before the nubile anilD likewise well played. It. will be repeated tilis evening witli the performances of ii.a Lenton troupe, who make their last appearance on this occnsisn. A day performance by the Lenten troune !» advertised to bo given this afternoon, at il,» Ilaymnrkot Theatre. Lady Don, the Misses Ilowsnn, Mr F ' Howson, Miss Sheppnrde, and several other .members of the theatrical company that accom ' pnt.leu her ladyship iu her ' ptofessional tour " in New South Wales, Queensland, and Tas-- mania, arrived in Melbourne, by Die City of Launccsten, steamer, on Thursday night. I adv Don leaves with hor company for Adelaide on Monday. The j nnorama nt the Polytechnic lull yes terday evening, was well patronised. At tho termination of the entertainments a number of presents were distributed to the nudieuce in- eluding X sewing-machine and' it gold watch"" This evening is announced -n3 being positively - the-last time that tho representation will tnko. place in Melbourne. Wo are requested to announce thnt tiio Head- 1 quarters Bntid will perform this afternoon 'from' 3 lo 0 o'clock, at St. GeorgeVknli, Die folkwing selection of music Overture, " O-atron " Weber; quadrille, "Scotch," Faust; .seleclioa- from " Tancredi," Rossini; overture, "The'"- ' Merry Wives of -Windsor," Nieohii;' waltz "Alexandra Romanoff," I.nurent; selection 1 ' from " Travlnta," Verdi; K„l01)i < The field- day," Siede ; and " God save the Queen." Miss Anna Maria Quinn made her rootree at Bnllaiirnt, on Thursday evening, as Kathleen in Rory O'More, and created a very favourable impression. The Princess Theatre, tho interior of which is being entirely remodelled under the pcrsoual ' ' direction of tlie lessee, Mr. Achilles King will we understand, be re-opened for dramatic per- " f irmnncea before the end of tho current year. ' Mr. King, who is sparing no expense in altering and decorating his theatre, has entered into an engagement with M . Habbo, a Danish artist, to paint the new ceiling. 