THE CONFEDERATE STEAMEE SHENABTDOAH. The Confederate sloop-ofcvar Shenandoah remains quietly anchored in Hobson's Bay. Our warlike visitor has obtained a recognition from the authorities, and will now stay here a few days, to coal and to effect repairs, before proceeding to sea in search of fresh prey and new adventures. The commander of the vessel, Captain Waddell, ? flonrteonslv allows the public to visit her, and our citizens have already manifested much eagerness to inspect one of those noted cruisers which are destroying &n; enemy's commerce, and have fairly revolutionised naval warfare. The Shenandoah is a handsome smart-looking fall- rigged steam sloop, of 1,260 toas register, fitted with a lifting screw and engines of 240-hoise power. BuOt for the mercantile service, she looks like a merchantman, though the guns which now peep from her sides tell unmistakably of her changed character ; and the gay flag at the gaff — a cross of stars in a red square on a white ground — leaves no doubt as to her nationality. She has a fine sweep of upper deck, on which she carries her armament. This consists of four smooth-bore sixtyeight pounders, and two thirty-two-pounder rifled Whit worths, together with two smooth bore eighteen pounders, used principally as signal-guns. Her battery, it will be seen, is not a large one, though tiie guns which she has are of the first class— for sixty-eight- pounders are acconnted the best of smooth-bores, and the rifled Whitworth's possess a range of above three miles, The officers have Com modious quarters in the old ' saloon,' the captain has possession of the two roomy stern cabins, and the prizes have supplied more than a man-of-war's allowance of furniture. The 'tween-decks are nn usaally lofty — eight feet in height — and as there are no guns below, the crew have a great lofty space reserved for their use. Cushioned seats, a work-table, and other like spoils of the enemy, figure below as well as above. The 6hip went to sea with barely a sufficient crew to work her, and though she has picked up many men from 'her prizes, yet she is still short-handed, her total muBter being only seventy-five men. Oaptain Waddell is the very representative of the frank seaman associated with all our ideas of nautical matters, and he is surprisingly young-looking, con sidering that he is an officer of twenty-three years' standing in the United States navy. He held a commission when the secession took place, but at once resigned and left, to fight the battles of his native North Carolina. Her officers also make a favourable impression on all who meet them. They are mostly young men, though some of them have seen service in the Alabama. Mr J. S. Bullock, the master, was master ; Mr O'Brien, the engineer, was assistant engineer; and Mr W. & Smith, paymaster, was captain's clerk, on board that far-famed crusier, and were in her that fatal Sunday when Captain bemmes showed his ' pinck' and lost his ship. As to the crew, they are certainly not the men one would expect to meet on board — not men whom the ?* vile blows and buffets of the world' have led to set their lives on any chance; on the contrary, most of them are Englishmen of decent appearance, while there are also some smart Americans, and two or three sleek-looking negroes. The men are fed well and laid well; and they one and all say they like the service and believe in their commander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, the dress of the officers not be ng at all unlike the one worn a few years back by the Victorian Volunteer force. As regards the ship, she is declared to be remarkably fast, both under steam and canvas — 'a good thirteen knot boat.' There is no doubt that she is identical with the Clyde-built Chinese steam clipper Sea King, known to be one of the fastest vessels of ber class afloat The Sea King recen£ly cleared out of the East India Docks, London, for Bombay, and was reported by our English advices to have shipped Captain Semmes at Fnncbal Bay, and subsequently to have ran on a rock and become a total wreck. The particulars which we subjoin show that these reports, though very inaccorate in detail, agree with the fact that the missing Sea King is the crosier now representing the Confederated States in these Southern seas. Besides this, as we have said the letters ' ing' are plainly to be seen on her bead-' boards, and her figure-head is a crowned monarch of die main. The Sea King, we may remark, is so stranger on the coast. She was employed last ) year by the British Government to convey troops to New Zealand, and made one of the shortest runs out to Auckland on record. A short history of the doings of the vessel — doings which read like the old deeds of Drake and Raleigh, on the Spanish Main — will be acceptable to our readers. On the 8th of October last, the fast new steamer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good comple ment of cabin passengers on board, ** likely-looking yonng men,' as the pilot pronounced them. Friday, the 14th of October, found the Laurel safely moored in Fnnchal Bay, Maderia. People there said she was a blockade-runner. So she was. but she had other work to perform in this instance. People wondered, too, that the passengers did not go on shore; but they were satisfied with an ex planation that they were 'Polish immigrants,' without money; some Poles, on their way to liich mond, having stopped there a few weeks previously, and having left with professions of total inability to pay the debts they incurred. On Monday, the 17th of October, a ship rigged vessel came into the baiboor and steamed out again. This naturally excited suspicion. Next morning the vessel came in sight again. Captain Waddell, it is facetiously said, had an idea that s*ie might be for sale, and therefore he steamed out after her with the LaureL Beth vessel anchored in smooth water, on the east side of the island, both under the English flag. Here the strange ship was purchased — £45,000 is the price named — and here the Laurel transhipped her cargo into her. The ship then stood out to sea, and when far beyond the neutral marine league Captain Waddell summoned the crew aft, and read his commission as commander of the Confederate sloop- of-war Shenandoah, ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve the neutral regulations, not one cf the packages received from the Laurel was broken Captain Waddell had only twenty- three men, all , told, with him — a number which after deducting ' officers firemen, &c;, left him only five men in each wa1cb{ while the ship was unarmed, and the pack ages having been hurriedly put on board, everything was in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Banning under topsails, the foresail and the jibs by day — all the canvas the crew could work — and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken asquiskly as possible to one of the 'calm spots1* which exist in mid-ocean in the trades. Here it wjs felt that the ship was secure, as no Tessei bnt a 6teamer conld come to the place, and it was not likely- that cruisers would be loosed for in latitudes so unproductive of prey. The officers took off their jackets, and all hands setting to with tt will, the ship was speedily got in trim, and com menced her operations. The cruizing-ground selected was in the track of vessels bound for the gonth American ports. On the 29th of October work was really com menced. In the morning, royals and stunsails were set, in chase of a barque. At one o'clock the chase was two miles distant. English colours were shown, and die barque replied with the Yankee flag. Con federate colours were then hoisted, and the barque ins bore-to, and examined. She was the Aliaa, Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of railway iron. A^er removing the crew and stores, scuttled her. The crew 'jpnijftepad ten men, eight of whom joined fbejttmafadooa. The cargo was valued at 38,000 dollars j the barque, which was only six months old, at 50,000 dollars. On die 5th November steam was got nQ in chase of a large schooner. At half past seven a.m. fired a gun at her, when she hove-to. She showed the 6tars and stripes. Proved to be the Charter Oak, Gillman, master, bound from Boston to San Francisco, with an assorted cargo. Supplied the Ehip with stores from her, including 2,000lb weight of preserved tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, and also her sister, the widow ol a Northern corporal, killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladies. 'Private property was respected, but 200 dollars found on the master were confiscated. Captain Waddell gave the money, in the name of the Confederacy, to the master's wife, on her promising that she would not restore it to her husband. The woman promised eagerly. Burnt the vessel, which was a new one. On the~7th of November, chased and captured the barqne D. Godfrey, from Boston to Valparaiso, with a miscellaneous cargo, including 400 barrels of beef and pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of the crew entered for service with the Shenandoah. Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig bound for Bio. The brig took off two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of receiving a chronometer, a barrel of beef, and a barrel of pork — all prize articles. At daylight on November 10 sighted the clipper brig Susan, bound to the River Plate, with a cargo of coals. The Susan was scuttled at half-past ten a.m., and sank, bows first, so per pendicularly that the main-track was nnder the water while the stern was above the surface. On evening of the 11th a ship was s;ghted from the masthead, on the port beam. Her bearings were taken, and a course shaped to cut her off. Proved to be the American ship Kate Prince, bound to Bahia, with 1,700 tons of coal. Cargo was sworn to be neutral; Captain Waddell therefore determined to bond the vessel. The captain having signed the bonds, the vessel wfs released; and the prisoners on board the Shenandoah, thirtceen in number, were transferred to her. On the.. 13th of November the schooner Lizzie M. Stacey was captured and burned. One of her crew was a negro, who met another captured negro on board, a man he had parted with a few weeks back at a boardinghonse in New York. Their surprise was comical. Novenber 24 signalled a barque with her masthead gone; but she would not answer. The Sbenandoah was then making eleven knots, under reefed topsails— a fact which proves her great speed. The next day or so, bore down, under all canvas and a full head of steam, after a singularly rigged vessel, which proved to be an English man-of-war. She took no notice of the chase. Is believed to be the corvette Brisk, now at Adelaide. Without entering further into detail, it may be stated that the Shenandoah when she runs in chase displays any colours, English or French, and that her men sometimes don blue shirts, that their grey attire may sot arouse suspicion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship during the daytime, and at night they are locked in the forecastle and handcuffed. All the American ships m the bay have taken the alarm. Usually profuss in their display of bunting, they did not on Thursday allow the stars and stripes to flutter in the breeze at all, and one of their number hoisted a curious banner, 6aid to be the loni;iu flag. Though Captain Waddell was not apprised of the determination of the authorities until late in the afternoon, and was adverse to throwing his vessel open before, the applications were so numerous that he gave way, aud from one o'clock the ship was thronged. All the boats in the bay were out, and two steamers were also engaged conveying passengers. The wind was high, and one 6ailing-boat in rounding to capsized, but fortunately assistance was at hand, and her four passengers were picked up. The visitors showed their Southern sympathies by cheering the vessel heartily as they took their departure from her. — Australasian, February 17. 