THE CONFEDERATE WAR STEAMER SHENANDOAH. We take the following account of the arrival of this vessel in Hobson's Bay, on Wednesday last, from the Argus of the dates annexed: (From the Argus, 26th January.) Remote as is our position from the Old World contentions which necessitate those floating peace-makers popularly called men-of-war, the naval representatives of powers who would keep, or attempt a march o'er the mountain wave, are not unknown, and, happily, in the most friendly fashion, in Victorian waters. Everybody remem- bers the sensation occasioned by the Russian Bogatyr, whose commander repaid our hospitality by taking secret count and reckoning of our coast-line. Then followed the French corvette Isis, with her shipload of the fair sex on the way to illustrate a Napoleonic idea in colonization. And now comes an American representative to testify the reality of that fierce fratricidal contest which interests us all so much. Melbourne yesterday was startled by the telegraphic announcement that a Confederate war steamer had entered the Heads, and re- port was confirmed by a large steamer, with something of a warlike aspect, casting anchor a little before sundown, at an easy distance from the Sandridge Pier. The stranger proved to be a war steamer-the Shenandoah ; and though her demonstrations were of the quietest, the white ensign with the St. George's cross and stars bespoke her position in the Confederate cause. Though most courteously treated, no strangers were admitted on board except the emigration officer,intimation being given that the commander would be glad to receive visitors on board on the following day, after he, as a belligerent, had com- municated with the authorities, and received the nececsary permission to touch our neutral shores. The Shenandoah is a screw steamer, to judge by appearance, of about from 600 to 700 tons, though we were told that her gross tonnage is 1,160, and her engines 240-horse power. There is nothing very striking about her, and but for a few iron muzzles peeping forth from port-holes a landsman would hardly take her to be a war vessel. She consumes her own smoke-a great advantage in her department of warfare, for without a critical 'eye it was difficult indeed to say that she was a steamer as she sailed up the bay. Viewed as we saw her, in the deepening twilight, she presented a good deal of the appearance, as regards form, of our steamer the South Australian, the white of the latter being transformed into deep black. We counted eight guns, which are said to be rifled Whit- worths; but this, doubtless, is not her entire armament. She is commanded by Captain Waddell, who holds the naval rank of lieutenant, and the following is a list of the officers : James John Waddell, lieutenant commanding ; William C. Whittle, first lieutenant; John Grimball, first lieutenant; S. Smith Lee, first Lieutenant ; F. X. Chew, first lieutenant ; D. M. Scales, second lieutenant ; J. S. Bullock, acting master; Mat. O'Brien, acting chief engineer; C. E. Lining,passed assistant-surgeon ; W. Bindlove Smith, acting assistant-paymaster ; 0\. A. Browne, passed midshipman ; J. T. Mason, passed midshipman; F. J. McNulty, acting assistant surgeon ; W. H. Codd, first assistant engineer ; Jno. Hutchison, second assistant engineer ; Ernest Muggaffeney, third assistant engineer ; C. E. Hunt, acting master's mate ; J. T. Miner, acting master's mate ; Lodge Calton, acting master's mate ; George Harwood, acting boatswain ; John O'shea, acting carpenter ; John L. Guy, acting gunner; Henry Alcott, sailmaker ; John Lynch, second carpenter. She is reported to be out since the 15th of Oc- tober, the last land seen being Trinidada and Tristan M'Acunha. The Shenandoah has not been unsuccessful in her mission of de- stroying the enemy's shipping, having altogether taken eleven or twelve sail of all kinds, and some nine chronometers on board are trophies of large vessels captured between this and the Cape of Good Hope. There are several prisoners on board ; and a crew of seventeen, said to be the muster when the vessel set forth on her cruise, has increased to the number of seventy-five, the ship's company officially reported lost night, by volunteers from the captured crews. Amongst the prisoners arc several ladies, who occupy the best cabin of the ship ; if indeed, after the statement of Captain Waddell that they are free to go ashore and do as they plcase,they can be called prisoners. The dress of the officers and men resemble the old French uniform of grey and gold. There can be very little doubt, we think, that the " Shen- andoah" is identical with the old "Sea King," which several months ago was reported to have been lost on a reef. Curious eyes may, indeed, detect some of the letters only half effaced, and it does not require much ingenuity to supply the other letters not apparent but needful to make up the name we have given. As soon as the Shenandoah had cast anchor, shortly before 8 o'clock, a boat was sent on shore conveying the 1st Lieutenant, the bearer, we believe, of a message to His Excellency the Go- vernor, asking permission to take in coal, and { have some repairs done to the screw, and other portions of the machinery. Lieutenant Gimball immediately on landing proceeded to the Vice- regal residence at Toorak. (From the Argus, 27th January.) The Confederate sloop-of-war Shenandoah remains quietly anchored in Hobson's Bay. Our warlike visitor has obtained a recognition from the authorities, and will now stay here a few days, to coal and to effect repairs, before proceed- ing to sea in search of fresh prey omi new ad- venture». The Commander of the vessel Capt. Waddell, courteously allows the public to visit her, and our citizens have already manifested much eager- ness to inspect one of those noted cruisers which are destroying an enemy's commerce, and have fairly revolutionized naval warfare. Sir Charles Darling, on receiving the formal request forwarded by Captain Waddell imme- diately upon his arrival, summoned a meeting of the Executive for eleven o'clock on Thurs- day morning. There was a full attendance of the Cabinet; and so anxious were the Govern- ment to preserve the neutrality of the port that, though the instructions received from Eng- land are explicit and full, more than two hours were spent in deliberation before a decision was arrived at. Captain Waddell applied for leave to coal, to provision and to effect repairs to his ma- chinery, which he alleged was seriously out of order. The regulations named forty-eight horns as the limit of a vessel's stay, but this term can be extended to allow her to repair bonafido damages. The ministers, therefore, felt at liberty to accede to the request; but they required Cap- tain Waddell to report the repairs his ship needed, that their own officers might judge the time that ought to be allowed him. Captain AVaddcll was notified, also, that he could not be permitted to leave port within twenty-four hours of the depar- ture of any American vessel. A further request made, for permission to laud prisoners, was not acceded to, but fuller information was asked for. We understand, however, that this point has been satisfactorily and expeditiousiy solved by the "captives" quietly landed on our shores. The Shenandoah had with her as prisoners eight men, besides Captain Nicholas, master of the Delphine, Mrs. Nicholas, and the stewardess. Tho men went ashore, but tho ladies were taken to the Jennie Payne, an American ship lying in the bay, and it is said thnt their fervently cxprcssscd wishes were not for the welfare of their captors. The Shenandoah is a handsome smart-looking full-rigged steam sloop, of 1,260 tons register, fitted with a lifting screw and engines of 240 horsepower. Built for the mercantile service, ?he looks a merchantman, though the guns which i now peep from her sides tell unmistakably of her changed character; and the gay flag at the gaff '-a cross of stars in a red square on a white ground-leaves no doubt as to her nationality. 'She has a fine sweep of upper deck, on which she carries her armament. This consists of four smooth-bore sixty-eight-pounders, and two thirty two-pounder rifled Whitworths, together with two smooth-bore eighteen-pounders, used principally as signal-guns. Her battery, it will be seen, is not a large one, though the guns which she has are of the first class-for sixty-eight pounders are accounted the best of smooth-bores, and the rifled Whitworths possess a range of above three miles. The officers have commodious quarters in the old "saloon," the captain has possession of the two roomy stern cabins, and the prizes have supplied more than aman of war's allowance of furniture. The 'twecn-decks are unusually lofty-eight feet in height-and as there are no guns below, the crew have a great lofty space reserved for their use. Cushioned seats, a work-table, and other like spoils of the enemy, figure below as well as above. The vessel went to sea with barely a sufficient crew to work her, and though she has picked up many men from her prizes, yet she is still short - handed her total muster being only seventy-five men. Captain Waddell is the very representative of the frank seaman associated with all our ideas of nautical matters, and he is surprisingly young looking considering that he is an officer of twenty three years' standing in the United States navy. He held a commission when the secession took place, but at once resigned and left, to fight the battles of his native North Carolina. Her officers also make a favourable impression on all who meet them. They are mostly young men, though some of them have seen service in the Alabama. Mr. J. S. Bullock, the master, was master ; Mr. O'Brien, the engineer, was assistant engineer ; and Mr. W. B. Smith, paymaster, was captain's clerk, on board that far famed cruiser and were in her that fatal Sunday when Captain Semines showed his " pluck" and lost his ship. As to the crew, they are certainly not the men one would expect to meeton board-not men whom the "vile blowsand buffetsof the world" have led to set their lives on any chance ; on the contrary most of them are Englishmen of decent appearance, while there are also some smart Americans, and two or three sleek-looking negroes. The men are fed well and paid well ; and they one and all say that they like the service and believe in their com- mander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, the dress of the officers not being at all unlike the one worn a few years back by the Victorian Volunteer Force. As regards the ship, she is declared to be remarkably fast, both under steam and canvas-" a good thirteen knot boat." There is no doubt that she is identical with the Clyde built Chinese steam clipper Sea King, known to be one of the fastest vessels of her class afloat. The Sea King recently cleared out of the East India Docks, London, for Bombay, and was re- ported by our last English advices to have shipped Captain Scmmes at Fuuchal Bay, and subsequently to have mn on a rock and become a total wreck. The particulars which we subjoin show that these reports though very inaccurate in detail, agree with the fact that the missing Sea King is the cruiser now representing the Con- federated States in these Southern Seas. Besides this, as we have said,the letters " ing" are plainly to be seen on her bead- boards, and her figure- head is a crowned monarch of the main. The Sea King, we may remark, is no stranger on the coast. She was employed last year by the British Government to convey troops to New Zealand, and made one of the shortest runs out to Auck- land on record. A short history of the doings of the VCBSCI doings which read like the old deeds of Drake and Raleigh, on the Spanish Main-will be acceptable to our readers. On the 8th of October last the fast new steamer Laurel left Liverpool with a good complement of cabin passengers on board, "likely-looking young men," as the pilot pronounced thom. Friday, the 14th of October, found the Laurel safely moored in Fun chal Bay, Madeira. People there, said she was a blockade-runner. So she was, but she had other work to perform in this instance. People wondered, too, that the passengers did not go on shore ; but they were satisfied with an explana- tion that they were " Polish immigrants," with- out money ; some Poles, on their way to Rich- mond, having stopped there a few weeks pre- viously, and having left with professions of total inability to pay the debts they incurred. On Monday, the 17th October, a shipped-rigged ves- sel caine into harbor and steamed out again. This naturally excited suspicion. Next morning the vessel caine in sight again. Captain Waddell, it is facetiously said, had an idea that she might be for sole, and therefore he steamed out after her with the Laurel. Both vessels anchored in smooth water, on the cast side of the island, both under the English flag. Here the strange ship was purchased-#45,000 is the price named-and here the Laurel transhipped her cargo into her. The ship then stood out to sea, and when far beyond the neutral marine league Captain Waddell summoned the crew aft, and read his commission as commander of the Con- federate sloop-of-war Shenandoah, ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve the neutral regula- tions, not one of the packages received from the Laurel was broken. Captain Waddell had only twenty-three men, all told, with him a number which, after deducting officers, firemen, &c; ,lcft him only five men in each watch, while the ship was unarmed, and the packages baring been hurriedly put on board everything was in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Running under topsails, the foresail, and the jibs by day-all the canvas the crew could work-and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken as quickly as possible to one of the "calm spots" which exist in mid ocean in the trades. Here it was felt that the ship was secure, us no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, mid as it was not likely that cruizers would be looked for in latitudes so unproductive of prey. The officers took off their jackets, and all hands setting to with a will, the ship was speedily got in trim, and commenced her operations. The cruuhig- ground selected wus in the track of ves' sels bound for the South American ports. On the 29th of October work was really com- menced. In the morning, royals and stunsnils were set, in chase of a barque. At one o'clock the chase was two miles distant, English colors were shown, and the barque replied with the Yankee flag. Confederate colors were then hoistcd,and the barque was ho ve-to, and examined. She was the Alina, Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of railway iron. After removing the crew and stores, scuttled her. The crew num- bered ten men, eight of whom joined the Shenan- doah, The cargo was valued at 38,000 dollars ; the barque, which was only six months old, at 00,000 dollars. On the 5th November steam was got up ia chase of a large schooner. At half past seven a.m. fired a gun at her, when shehovc to. She showed the stars and stripes. Proved to be the Charles Oak, Gillman, master, bound from Boston to San Francisco, with an assorted cargo. Supplied the ship with stores from her, including 2,0001b. weight of preserved tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, mid also her sister, the widow of a Northern corporal, killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladies. Private property was respected, but 200 dollars found on the master were confiscated. Captain Waddell gave the money, in the name of the Confederacy, to the master's wife, on her promising that she would not restore it to her husband. The woman pro- mised eagerly. Burnt the vessel, which was a new one. On the 7th of November, chased and captured the barque D. Godfrey, from Boston to Valparaiso, with a miscellaneous i cargo, including 400 barrels of beef and pork. Burnt the vessel) Ten men of the crew en- tered for service with.the Shenandoah. Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound for Rio. The brig toofc off two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of receiving a chronometer, a barrel of beef, and a barrel of pork-all prize articles. At daylight on November 10 sighted the clipper brig Susan, bound to the River Plate, with a cargo of coals. The Susan was scuttled at half-past ten a.m., and sank, bows first, so perpendicularly that the main-truck was under the water while the stern was above the surface. On the evening of the 11th a ship was sighted from the masthead, on the port beam. Her bearings were taken, and a course shaped to cut her off. Proved to be the American ship Kate Prince, bound to Babia, with 1,700 tons of coal. Cargo was sworn to be neutral ; Captain Waddell therefore determined to bond the vessel. The captain having signed the bonds, the vessel was released ; and the prisoners on board the Shenandoah, thirteen in number, were transferred to her. On the 13th of November the schooner Lizzie M. Stacey was captured and burned. One of her crew was a negro, who met another captured negro on board, a man he had parted with a few -weeks back at a boarding house in New York. Their surprise was comical. November 24 signalled a barque with her mast- head gone ; but she would not answer. The Shenandoah was then making eleven knots, under reefed topsails-a fact which proves her great speed. The next day or so bore down, under all canvas and a full head of steam, after a singularly rigged vessel, which proved to be an English man-of-war. She took no notice of the chase. 13 believed to be the corvette .Brisk, now at Adelaide. Without entering further into detail, it may be stated that the Shenandoah when she runs in chase displays any colours, English or French, and that lier men sometimes don . blue shirts, that their grey attire may not arouse suspicion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship during the daytime, and at night they were locked iu the forecastle and handcuffed. The following is a correct list of the vessels captured and destroyed by the Shenandoah : Alina, barque, - Staples, master, from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, cargo of railway iron. Scuttled 29th October, lat. 10s 47' N., Ion. 26° 43' W. Charter Oak, schooner, from Boston for San Francisco, assorted cargo. Burnt 5th November, lat. 7° 38' N, Ion. 27° 49' W. D. Godfrey, barque, - Hallet, master, from Boston to Valparaiso, assorted cargo. Burnt 7th November, lat. 6° 28' N. Ion. 27° 6' W. Susan, brig, - Hansen, master, from New York to River Plate. Scuttled 10th November, lat. 4° 20' N., Ion. 26° 39' W. Kate Prince, for Ballia, neutral cargo (coals). Ship bonded 12th November. Adelaide, barque, of Baltimore, to River Plate, neutral cargo. Ship bonded for 23,000 dollars. Lizzie M. Stacey, schooner, New York to Sandwich Islands, assorted cargo. Burnt 13th November, lat. Io 40' N, Ion. 28° 24' W. Edward, whaling vessel. Burnt 4th December, lat. 37° 47' S., Ion. 12° 30' W. Delphine, barque, from London for Akyab. Burnt 29th December, lat. 29° 10' S., Ion. 69° E.' All the American ships in the bay have taken the alarm. Usually profuse in their display of bunting, they did not yesterday allow the stars and stripes to flutter in the breeze at all, and one of their number hoisted a curious banner, said to be the Ionian flag. Though Captain Waddell was not apprised of the determination of the authori- ties until late in the afternoon, and was averse to throwing his vessel open before, the applications were so numerous that he gave way, and from one o'clock the ship was thronged. AU the boats in the bay were out, and two steamers were also engaged conveying passengers. The wind was high, and one sailing-boat in rounding to capsized, but fortunately assistance was at hand, and her four passengers were picked up. The visitors showed their Southern sympathies by cheering the vessel heartily ns they took their departure from her. A MONSTER GUN.-A twenty-inch Rodman gun was recently tried with success at Now York. The Herald says:-"Though this gun has already been described in the Herald, it will not be out of place here to say that it weighs nearly one hundred and »seventeen thousand pounds. The carriage is in proportion. Its diameter or thickness is nearly six feet at the breech, and its bore is twenty inches.The solid shot it throws is one thou- sand and eighty pounds in weight, and the reg- ular charge of powder is one hundred pounds, which may be increasedto one huudrcdand twen tj'-flve pounds, if great range or extraordinary momentum is required to be imparted to its terrible missiles. It is calculated that there are few armor- ed ships afloat whose sides this monster would not crush. The gun was fir3t loaded with the J regular charge of powder-one hundred pounds a blank cartridge, and fired amid the applause of the spectators. The report was not louder than that oi'n ten-pounder Parrot loader with solid shot, nor was it near so shrill. Probably it did not create so great n concussion of the atmosphere, and could not he heard so far. On examining the monster to see the effect, it was noticed that it had only deigned (to roll itself back disdainfully about two feet. The air was sulphurous for a considerable distance around it. This time the 'big fellow' was loaded with fifty pounds of powder and a solid shot weighing one thousand and eighty pounds. The shot was driven six bundled or eight hundred yards, when it dropped in the bay, ricochctted two or three times.knocking up flashes of spray as large as a ship in full sail and twice as high, and finally disappeared in the woter. On examining the gun after this discharge it was found to have moved on its carriage just enough to show that it knew how to work and work easy. The final trial was by far the most inter- esting and important of nil that preceded it. Great impatience for the result was manifested by the spectators. A heavy concussion of the ground as well ns the atmosphere was now looked for, and there was just enough of nnxiety for the safety of the giant, who was now become a pet among those who were not familiar with its powers, as to lend the additional charm of excitement to the interest hitherto felt. The gun had now in a full charge of one hundred pounds of powder mid a one-thousaud-and- eighty-pound ball. At length it was loaded, and it was anounccd that the fuse was about to be fired. Every one rushed out of the way, and many took shelter behind the re- doubts of the fort." The fuse hissed mid flamed, but while all waited breathlessly for the flash, it only turned out to be ' a flash in the pan.' The fuse failed. An officer then went up, who must have had great confidence in the gun, and snapped the clip and off went the big gun. The report was very little louder than that which immediately preceded it. There was no perceptible con- cussion of the ground, and indeed very little of anything to lend you to think that the greatest gun known to exist hud then been fired. The shot whirled through the air from the tingle of twenty-five degrees at which the gun was elevated, and, after describing a beautiful arc which was visible to the naked eye, dropped into the water ubout four miles off. The noise made by the collision of the ball and the air, in the flight of the former, was like the wail of a giant. It was something like the peculiar noise made by a hurricane passing through a ship's rigging. It was the scream of the eagle. The volume of spray thrown up by the ball after its contact M ith the water waa so great that we could not see whether it ricochettcd or not, though many said it did. On examining the effect on the gun, it was dis- covered that this time the giant was foaming a little at the mouth, the smoke of the burnt powder still oozing from the muzzle. Ho had consented to roll himself back five feet, but in other respects wa» just as before." FRESH FISH.-Sir Stephen Lakeman deserves the gratitude of all Englishmen. He has brought us something new to cut. It is a mighty pond fish called the auwnu granis, or, let us hope, the silure, which grows in Moldavia to a weight of 2001b. It cats little fish and frogs, grows very fast, and is better eating than salmon, having something of the richness of the eel. Sir Stephen has brought over 14 out of 30 specimens with which he started, and the " Piscicultural Director to the Acclimatisation Society" says he has no doubt of the success of the experiment. What with the new supply of salmon under the protective laws, the new bank of cod, and the silures, there is a chance of fish to cat at reason- able prices, a compensation for that stringiness widen, according to the member for Berks, Mr. Disraeli wants to impart to English mutton. Spectator. 