IMMIGRANTS PER MATILDA ATHELING. The following is a list of the immigrants who sailed for Adelaide by the Matilda Atheling, Captain Thomas Power, on November 16, 1864 :— John and Ellen Clifford, James and Mary J. Clements, John, Matilda, Alexander, Eliza, Ellen, Jane, and Rebecca Cousins, Michael, Mary, and John Donellan, John and Margaret Gardner, Michael, Catherine, Mary, and John Kennedy, Coleman, Bridget, and John Kain, Austin and Bridget Marinen, Edward and Catherine Murphy, Daniel, Winifred, Margaret, Johanna, and Winifred Quinlison, Pat, Margaret, and Michael Shanassy, Hugh, Catherine, Ellen, and Mary Smith, Edward, Mary, Mary, Elizabeth, Jane, Anne, and Tom Trenerry, Michael Angley, Peter Burne, James Bray, Thomas Brady, Andrew Blick, Matthew and James Byrne, Bernard Burns, Gesling Bradshaw, James Conors, Charles Currie, Patrick Cousins, Tom Clancey, John Caher, Denis Cashel, Michael Condon, Henry Carr, Patrick Crowley, Michael Cahill, Philip Corrigan, Patrick Cusack, Patrick Calahan, Thomas Culhane, James Donnall, James Driscoll, James Donoghue, John, Michael, and Thomas Donnallan, Austin Drony, Peter Daley, Patrick Folan, Thady and Thos. Foynes, Martin Fitzgerald, John Flaherty, Henry Ford, Patrick Fox, John Gurry, Wm. Galbraith, Andrew Gleeson, James Hebreham, Patrick Hartigan, Pat. Joyce, Pat. Kelly, Thos. Kerin, Jer. Kenna, Andw. Liggell, Catherine and Mary Brett, Mary Byrne, Rose Conolly, Sarah Cartey, Johanna Cormick, Mary Cousins, Margaret Clune, Catherine Clancy, Mary Crowley, Margaret Cummings, Bridget Carrig, Mary and Margaret Cahill, Mary and Bridget Commane, Catherine Downs, Ann Drony, Bridget Don- nellan, Honor Fynes, Mary Farrell, Bridget Flannery, Anne Fox, Anne Gleeson, Kate Gunn, Mary Gurry, Catherine Guinea, Catherine Gray, Margaret Hackett, Margaret Holly- wood, Bridget Hickie, Fanny Hayes, Mary Hennessy, Mary Hines, Mary, John, and Mary Kevin, Johanna Keough, Honorah Kelly, Anne and Honorah Kelly, Mary Lahiff, Bridget Mulligan, Bridget Morriss, Anne Mallon, Jane Mackle, Mary Murphy, Andrew Lysaght, John Murphy, John McCann, John Markham, Andrew McBean, Joseph McCombe, Francis McWilliams, Peter Montague, Pat McMahon, Edward Murphy, James Mager, Bath. Mye, Andrew Maloney, Michael Markham, John McGough, Michael and John McCarthy, John Marshall, Joseph Macneil, John and Pat Mahoney, John McKay, John McKenzie, Walter May, Robert Mitchell, Pat Nester, Terence O'Reilly, Michael O'Neill, Michael O'Keeffe, John and Jerry O'Meara, Pat Power, Pat and John Quinlivan, Pat Reedy, Christopher Ryan, James Reynolds, Thomas Riordan, Richard Ryan, John Smyth, Matthew Smith, Nicholas Smyth, Joseph Sutton, Pat Swigg, Thomas Sheay, Toby Sweet, Pat Vaughan, Michael Woods, Bridget Murray, Ann and Mary Mariner, Bridget Magee, Ann Maxwell, Sally Mye, Bridget McNamara, Anne Mar- shall, Ella Mahoney, Mary McVicker, Mary and Sarah O'Brien, Penelope O'Neil, Rose Ryan, Mary Riordan, Anne Smith, Cath. Tighe, Margaret Vaughan, Hy., Ellnor, and Louisa Copas, Tom and Matilda Chirgwin, Elijah and Emma Eves, George, Jane, and Sarah Francis, Michael and Ellen Grigg, Thos., Jane, Thos., and Alfred Heath, Jas., Eliz., Helen, and Janet Hood, Edwin, Sarah, Ellen, and Walter Kessall, Wm. and Emily Lovibond, John and Susan Noble, Sam., Mary, Geo., Martha, and John Pickering, Josh, and Sophia Symons, Tom and Mary Trezier, Fredk. Barnes, Nich. Bennett, Josh. Cock, Geo. Crichton, John Eddy, Jas. Giles, Benj. Julyan, Walter Kessall, Josh. and Josh. Michell, Andrew Milson, Fras. Mickless, Jas. Oliver, Edwin Stone, Hy. Taylor, Benj. Warrick, Tom. Wilson, Martha and Susannah Cook, Agnes Fairbairn, Eliz. Jones, Louisa Johnson, Mary Lathleen, Ellen Line, Mary Lawrie, Eliz. and Grace Pickering, Jane Phillips, Mary Prentice, Mary Smith, Pat, Ellen, and Peter Mahoney, Eliz. Carroll, Esther Keegan, Ellen Jacob. The following is a summary of the Nationalities :—English, adults 56; children between 1 and 12 years 10, infants 2, total 68; Scotch, adults 10, children between 1 and 12 years 2, total 12; lrish, adults, 186, children between 1 and 12 years : 9, infants 5, total 200 ; grand total statute adults 262½. With reference to the Corn trade the Atari Lane Express : says, —" A great deal of rain has fallen during the past week, and the temperature being mud, this baa been favorable to the late isown -wheat, which has been poshing through the coil, while' what was op '? early has' increased in growth.and.now naanynn^ i a promising: aspect. The weather Being stormy, las well as wet, there has been come hind rance to field-work,; ' bat the surplus moisture will | serve as a first Instalment' to the almost - empty wells in manyjparts of the country, which require yet con siderably; more. In Kent it seems that the low prices obtaining have been against a plentiful sowing of autumnal wheat, and truly the rates lately ruling have been anything but encouraging to farmers. Still as extremes are near of kin, and the lowest point is the safest basis on which to build expectations of improvement, so we think it unwise to yield to tem porary depression, and that it is the best time for confidence when prioesare below reasonable remunera tion. The country wheat markets, ruled as they generally are by London advices, make no difference in the value of samples; .but as the rate of disoount gradually : comes down, the prospects of the corn trade ought certainly to brighten;thongh we may possibly have to pass Christmas without any Redded change. In France 'fanners seem doggedly to resist any further diminution of prices, and though there is no activity in trade, the tendency is towards higher rates. Belgium and Holland make no quotable change from the previous .reports. Hamburg has not further reduced rates, irat ' Danric has. made a slight concession to open business, . though there is little inducement as yet to make shipments to English port?. Throughout the interior of Ger many there has been very littk change; and as gold has lately given way in the Federal States, we have somewhat easier quotations for bread?tuuY York, but there is no reliance.to be placed on them." The following are,the. closing prices in Mark-Lane:—British Grain — Wheat, Essex and Sent, white, old 37s to 43sper quarter; new, 38s to 445; ditto, red old 37s to 40s; new, 38s to 40s ; ditto Norfolk, Lincoln, and Yorkshire red, 38s to 40s. Barley, 25s .to 295; Chevalier, new, 30s to 35s ; grinding, 24b to 26s ; distilling, 26s to 295. Malt, Essex, Norfolk, and Suffolk, new, 58s to 63s ; King ston, Ware, and town-made, 68s to 635; brown, 50s to 625. Oats, English, feed, 18s to 22s j potato, 19s to 245. Flour, per sack of 2801b5., town households, 34s to 40s j ditto, country, on shore 27s to 295; households, 30a to 83s; Norfolk and Suffolk, on shore, 27s to 28s. Foreign Grain.—Wheats Dantzio, mixed, 44s to 45s per quarter; old, extra, 48s to 60s; ditto, Konigsberg, 40s to 44b; extra4ss to46s; ditto, Eostock, 41s to 435; ditto, fine, 44s to 455; ditto, Silesian, red, 38s to 40a j ditto, white, 40a to 445; ditto, Pomera., Meckberg., and Uckermk., red, 39s to 425; Bussian, hard, 34b to 37s ; St. Peters burg and Biga, 35s to 40s; Danish and Holstein, red 38s to 40s; French, none; Rhine and Belgium, 40s to 435; American, red winter 40s to 425, spring 40s to 41s, white 43s to 455. Flour, per sack, French, 30s to 325; ditto, Spanish, 31s to 32s ; ditto, Ame rican, per brL, 19s far2ls ; ditto, extra and doable, 245\. to 25b. The specimens of timber brought from the Northern Territory by Belgrave Ninnis, Esq., M.D., and pre sented by him to the Botanic Gardens are now arranged on a table in the Museum just below the conservatory. There are 32 samples, all of which were cut from trees growing in the immediate vicinity of the proposed new city of Palmerston, Escape Cliffs, Adam Bay. Some of them are very beautiful, and will no doubt prove serviceable for a variety of purposes. 