DENMAEK AND THE DUCHIES. ? The last two mail* hare brought us good news aa to the state of Europe. The a#ord has been sheathed by the infatuated Danes and by the last band of unfortunate Poles. Peace reigns in the camp, though not com* pletely restored in the council. Germany has vindicated her national honour in Schleswig Holstein, while John Bull has hid his growl over the assault on hu favourite little Prin ceia's papa and hi* little diplomatic arrange ment of 1352. After Lord Palinerstou's famous confession that he used to understand the Schleswig-IIolstein question a dozen years ago, and wa3 the only man in England who could say as much, we in this remote colony cannot be expected to venture a very poaithe opinion upon it. From a careful study of both sides we are 'convinced that this recent conflict ended as it should have done. The Duchies properly belong to Germany, though it is a pity she should be indebted to dis reputable agents like Bcrr von Bismark and the Jesuitical Government of Vienna for restoring her juat rights and property to her. The question is confessedly difficult and in tricate; therefore we can hardly be expected to set it clearly before our readers at a single effort. In the present article we shall confine ourselves to its historical merits ; and having thus paved the way, we may be able afterwards to exhibit it iu its external international aspect. * To trace the rise and progress of the Elbe Duchies would nuke a very long story, extending over nearly the entire Christian era. We shall merely note down the heads of it as given by the best authorities. At the earliest kuown period of its history Scales wig- Hoist em nas inhabited by four or five- different tribes — in the north-east by Angles, farther south by Saxon* (these two being thd reputed ancestors of the English), and in other parts by Frisians and Wends, with occasionally a few Danes presang down ward from the north. In the eighth century Cuarlemagne took the trouble of conquering the people for the sake of converting them, but hU bishops found it quite impossible to allure them from their ancient national amusements of plunder and piracy. A Count or Warden of the Marches was established in the neighbouring town of Hamburg to preserve a nominal control over the dubiom conquest. In the eleventh century there uppeare.l on the stage a native Count of HoUtein, though where he came from none can tell — a great alvantage, ofcourae, iu an aristo cratic genealogy. At the beginning of the thirteenth century — tho days of the sea rovers— Denmark was the leading kingdom in tb.3 North, and at that early date she manifested a decided desire to absorb her little neighbours, the Ducbtej ; but tbough she succeeded partly iu doing so, they were so difficult of digestion that she had to dirgorge them again (1227). In 1326 we hear of a certain Waldemariin Constitution which the Duchies henceforward look up to as a kind of ilagna Charta. When it was granted a younger branch of the royal house of Denmark had by some means got possession of the ducal throne of Schleivig, and the Holsteinera naturally apprehended that the same party would be trying to ' incor porate' them by -and- by ; then a further incorporation of the whole with Denmark 'would follow, and some Danish Bismark would writo ' Finis' at the end of their ducal records. To avoid such a contingency they txtorted from Denmark a promise that in the event of the said younger line dying out in Schleswifo. that Duchy would fall to Holstein, and the* two would henceforward remain independent ; more than that, Denmark was uerar to renew - her attempt at incorporation. In 1386 the wished-for union actually took place; for Gerhard, nephew of the reigning Duke of Holstein, was elected to the throne of Schle6 wig, and at his uncle's death Holstein also, came iuto hu lucky hands. Things went on smoothly for half a century longer, and then occurred hitch number two, out of which all succeeding hitches appear to hare arisen. In 14-18 the royul line of Denmark and the ducal line of Schleawig-IIolitein were both on tho eve of extinction. The reigning monarch in both catea was childless, and some advanced politicians of the day thought it would be a good opportunity to accomplish a union of the kingdom and the duchies on equal terms. Christopher of Denmark died first, in 1418. The Danish Estates then asked Adolf of Schlcswig-Hohtein to set their crown on the top of his other two; but Adolf, being a shrewd man for his age, would not do that. He told them they might bare his nephew and heir, Christian of Oldenburg, proviled he would in the first place renounce his hereditary claim to the duchies. Christian thought ' a bird in the hand worth two iu the bush,' renounced all connection with his uncle, and became King of Denmark. In process of time Adolf died, and his estates had to choose a successor to him. Christian, being sorely tempted by the sight of a throne to let, threw him96lf in the way of the electors, and soft-sawdeied them into electing him, nowith* a tan ling his outh of renunciation. But they did not hand themselves over to him without reservation. They took the precaution to note down on a fresh sheet of parchment that hu succession waa to be limited by certain con ditions — First, it was to be confined to his heirs malt ; second, the administration of the Duchies was to be kept wholly and for ever apart from that of Denmark. Christian swore a second oath, and entered forthwith on his reign aa joint monarch of Denmark and ?Sciricswig-Holstein. His heirs male went on succeeding each other in natural order untO the end of 1863, when Frederic VII. died without leaving an heir of any kind (except illegitimate one*) to succeed Mm. The diplomat uts bad foreseen this event, and done the best they could in their ostrich-like way to prepare for it. They knew that the law of succession was not the same in Den mark aa in the Duchies. The Danith law admits heirs of the female line ; but not so with the Schleawig Holstein law, nor the com* pact of 1460, which we hare just quoted. Should Frederic Til. die childless, there must then of necessity be a split in the succession. The throne of Denmark would pass into the Olden burg family as nearest to the original linr. But the throne of tho Duchies would pass legally to the Augustenburg family as being the nearest male branch. The diplomatists thought that it would be for the good of the world to ignore this discrepancy ; and by the London Protocol of 1852 they jointly and severally guaranteed the entire succession, to Prince Christian of Oldenburg, whose daughter afterwards became Princess of Walts. It did not strike tha treaty-makers aa unreasonable that they should in this hole-and-corner way dispose of the destinies of more than a million people without consulting them. It is true something was said about Denmark submitting the treaty to the several Estates for their sanction, but the only ahowpd it to her own Parliament, which had nothing to say against it. Tbt Schlesnig-QoUtein Estates never ws it, aor was the Germanic Diet consulted, though fully tlirre-fourtLs of the people concerned w«ft u pure Germans as any in Saxony or Baden. But theie trilling omissions have been amply rectified «int» that time. When tho Protocol Powers attempted to put it is forge it trip only laughed at by the German;. The knot, which had been complicating and hardening , for fire centuries, had to be cut by the sword, ' and it was cut effectually. May the Father- ? land long rest in peace after its exertions ! ; — I Volunteer Uniforms.— A meeting of volun- , teer omtere was held at the Volunteer Military . Staff Office on Tuesday, February 21, for the pur- i pose of considering which of the tenders received ? for volunteer clothing from Adelaide and Mel bourne houses provided best for the efficient clothing of the volunteer force; and also to arrange several matters in connection with the trimmings, &c;, to be worn on officers' tunics. The following officers weie in attendance at different intervals durinfj the meeting:- Colonel Bigcstfn the chair), Lieutenant-Colonel Mayo, Captain and Adjutant J. H. Clark. Lieutenant Kingston, and Captain Trapinann. The following are the tenders sent in and considered:— No. 1, McArthur, Kingsborough, & Co. (Adelaide), and S. Solcberg & Son (Mel bourneX 1,000 suits, as per patterns. No. 2, all complete*, at £3 12s. per suit; to be delivered by 10th of April, 1865; white drill trousers in six weeks from January S3, IStS. No. 2, ditto, ditto, No. 1 pattern doth, at £3 8s. oU do. No. 3, Joseph Skelton & Co. (Adelaide), for 1,000 to 2,000 suits, all complete, at £3 12s. 6d; delivery within nine months from the departure of the February mail for England. No. 4, Thomas Gatty Brown (Adelaide), 1,000 suits, more or less (no cap, shako, or coverX at £3 4s. bU ; 300 suits complete and all the white trousers within sk weeks, remainder of suits within six or eight months. No. 5, Stanley &Nicholls; (Melbourne), 1.000 suits (stuff undyedX no white trousers, £3 7s. 6a. per suit; to be delivered on 20th May; white trousers 10s. extra. No. 5}, Wills & Co. (Adelaide), 1,000 suits, no capcover, £3 10s. ; to be ready by 20th May. No. 6, J. Bernstein (Ballarat), 1,000 or more suits, no capcover, £4; delivery to take place four months after measurement. No. 7, J. A. Senn (Adelaide), 1.000 pairs, more or less, for trousers only, single-milled blue serge, 15s. 6d.; at once. No. 8, do. (do.X white linen doe or drill trousers. 14*. id. ; delivery in about three months from date of order. No. 9, do. (do.), double-milled blue serge do., 15& 4d.; not until after delivery of white trousers. No. 10, Wills & Co., do. do., white drill trousers, 13s. 6d.; ready by 15th June. No. 11, do. do., grey cloth trousers, £1 Is.; to be delivered by June 15. An amended tender was received from T. O. Brown, offering to supply l,e00 suits in four mouths at £3 ISs. 6\L, in accordance with sample. After due consideration and discussion as to the re'ative meriu of the several tendets and the samples supplied, the Board decided upon recommending to the Government to accept the tender of Messrs. Stanley & Nicholls, oi Mel bourne, as providing articles superior in every respect to those of other tenders. The firm also guaranteed to supply by May 20 the whole of the suits, of the same materials as those shown, with out using any dyed stuiH They recommended the acceptance of tender subject to the proviso that s muni ilescriDtion of white trousers hi» -m-«n. Th--\ iuiieu tnat Messrs. McArthur & Hmgsborougn s :ender had been carefully considered, but they sould not recommend it for acceptance, as in addi tion to the samples supplied being inferior to those of Messrs. Stanley & Nicholls, the former firm could not guarantee that they would not use dyed material. UespectinK the lace and trimmings to be worn by officers, the following alterations were agreed upon :— Lace and trimmings for officers — narrow silver lace, traced along black braid and sewn on top and bottom of scarlet band and cap. Uniforms in other respects same as privates. It was resolved that the dress of the Ecgimental Band should be made of white serge, and trimmed with scarlet piping. This concluded the business of the meeting. Arrival of the Matilda. Atheling with Government Immigrants.— While the colony of Victoria has of late on several occasions suffered from the introduction of malignant diseases by the arrival of vessels from the home-country, South - Australia has enjoyed an especial immunity from such visitations, and the Matilda Atheling is another illustration of this; for, although 250 persons embarked at Plymouth, and were on the passage for 88 days, not a single case of any im portauce is recorded in the Superintendent's journal. She is a vessel of about the usual size and class, without any pretensions to be a clipper, and has made a prosperous voyage, during which the people on board are reported to have behaved in an exemplary manner: and, judging from appearances, the dis cipline has been properly enforced ; for although on arrival matters are expected to be a little deranged, yet in this case the 'tween-decks were in capital order, and as clean as possible. It is rather a disadvantage she has not a foot more height below, and, if easily accomplished, a few more ports for ventilation might be introduced with propriety; but, all things considered, the vessel is a fair specimen of the Commissioners' selection. Captain' Power has on several previous occasions sailed in charge of passengers as well as troops, his last voyage being on the latter service from St. Helena to the West Indies. Dr. Campbell also has had considerable experience as Surgeon-Superin tendent and on three previous occasions has visited Port Adelaide. With regard to the immi grants, the industrial and national classifications have already been published; it therefore only remains to add that there are five passages paid, 208 remittances, 54 assisted, and 13 general, conse- quently it will be seen that the greater portion are arriving to the order of friends here. Election Meeting at H.uiK0WGATE.-On Tues day evening. Feb. 14, a public meeting was con vened at the Post-Office for the purpose of giving the candidates for Onkapariuga an opportunity of stating their political views and sentiments, when only Mr! Alexander Lorimer put in his appear ance, and was well received by about 120 electors— Dr. Baruh in the chair. Also, on Friday following Messrs. Milne and Town«end made their appear ancc, accompanied by Mr. Lorimer and a host of their supporters from all round the neighbourhood, and they were also well supported. Dr. Weld. J.P., was voted to the chair, and a very agreeable meeting terminated the first election meeting ever held iu this neighbourhood. Representation of West Adelaide.— Mr. Boucaut will address the electors of West Adelaide this evening at the Queen's Head Inn, North Adelaide; and Mr. Fuller has also engaged to state his political views this evening before the electors at the South Australian Assembly Rooms, Hindlcy 8treet- Distbict of West Tobrens.— Mr. Parkin met the electors at the Squatters' Arms, Thebarton, on Tuesday cveniug, February 21. Mr. Hem mingway was voted to the chair. Mr. Parian gave a full exposition of his views; and having answered the usual questions, a proposition in his favour was carried by a large majority. Legislative Codscil Election ^ meeting of electors iu East Torrent was held last night at the Maid and Magpie— Mr. Councillor Nienaber being in the chair— for the purpose of considering the claims of Mr. Tuxford to be elected as a mem ber of the Legislative Council. After his address had been read aud commented upon, Mr. Wells moved that the meeting approved generally of the political opinions of Mr. Tuxford as set forth in his printed address. He moved it in this way because it would be a bad precedent to pledge the meeting to anything more in the absence of the candidate hiuwelf, whom some of the electors might not be acquainted with. His views gene rally appeared liberal. He did not seem biassed on the squatting question, and he would not appa rently lend himself to any wild schemes on the subject of taxation. The resolution was seconded by Mr. Smythe, supported by Messrs. Thomas, Poole, and Hall, and carried unanimously. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings. District of Noablunoa.— A meeting of electors of this district, held at the Jolly Miller Inn, Ifoarlunga, on Tuesday afternoon, February 2J, was attended by about 20 persons. The candidates for. the representation of the district (Messrs Colton, Carr, and Trimmer) having explained tneir political views and sentiments, they answered several questions, and a vote of thanks was accorded to them. In the evening of the same day Messrs. Colton. Carr, and Trimmer addressed between 40 and £0 electors of the district at the Emu Hotel, Morphett Vale, Having answered several questions, propositions were made in their favour. For Mr. Colton there were 13 hands held up, and none against; nine for and seven against Mr. Carr ; and a large number for aud none against Mr. Ttiramer. Candidates and Squatters.— A correspondent sends us the following:— '1, Why are Messrs. Hoinersham, Ayers, Barrow, Strangways, and Town»end greater men than the five confederate kings mentioned in Scripture? Because, whilst the kings robbed Lot, the squatter, they have robbed lots of squatters, i Why will Tommy Reynolds become as great a man as Abraham.' Because he will lick the confederated robbers and return the spoil to the squatter lot '* Severe Accident.— On Monday evening, Feb ruary 20, between 5 aud 6 o'clock, Mr. A. Ferguson, of the Sturt Stables, Grenfell-street, met with a severe accident. It appears that Mr. Ferguson entered a stall at the Sturt Stables which was occupied by a young horse but recently brought from Melbourne when the animal became restive, and kicked Mr. Ferguson in the lower part of the stomach. Dr, Whistell who was at once sent for, pronounced the injuries to be less dangerous than were at first anticipated, and that with care serious consequences would be averted. Mr. Ferguson was so far recovered yesterday morning as to be able to be taken to his residence, Monrieth Farm. Adelaide Pouce Coukt.— On Tuesday the defendant in a case of retailing liquors (bottled ale) without a licence was fined £10 with costs. A forfeiture of the ale seized was demanded, but not confirmed. A charge of stealing 45 sovereigns was dismissed, there being no sufficient evidence. Frederick Stafford, convicted of manslaughter during the present Criminal Session of the Supreme Courf, was brought up to meet the charge of having stolen, on the 25th August last, a cheque for £25 12s. 8d.. the property of Philip Moore. The evidence, although chiefly ciuuc; stantial, was conclusive enough to cause the pri soner's committal for trial oa the new charge during ttolprffent sesijoQ of the bupNM Court. Victoria Theatre.— The amateur performarce i ' for the benefit of Mr. W. Simpson was, as it I deserved to be, very successful. Sir James Fish- r and party occupied the state box, and the dress circle presented a gay and animated appearance, being filled with fashionably-dressed ladies. The other parts of the house were also well filled. The petitcomedy of 'Charles tin Second' was preceded by a prologue, capitally delivered by a gentle man who, although an amateur, is certainly not unaccustomed to public speaking. The pci ormance of the comedy went off greatly to the Eatisfaction of the audience; and in addition the plaudits which accompanied it, the pu* sonators of the principal characters were called forward at the fall of the curtain. The little Nathans by way of interlude gave their national hornpipe, which was loudly applauded and encored. The very laughable and well- written old farce, ' Raisingthe Wind,' concluded the entertainment. The character of Jeremy Diddler was remarkably well got ud and acted, as also was the character of Sam. Altogether the farce has seldom been better played by amateurs. In the comedy, the character of Captain Copp was sustained by Mr. U. J. Kay. a professional actoi ; Mrs. Wallace played Lady Clara, and Mrs. Ray Alary Copp. In the farce Mi s. Wallace played Peggy, and Mrs. Ray Miss Durable Professor Bushell's Entertainment.— Pro- fessor Bushell gave the second of his entertain ments at White's Rooms on Tuesday evening, in presence of a good attendance, who were not put into a querulous humour by having to wait so long at the commencement as the audience of the previous night had, and who were besides enter, tained during the intervals by the performances of Mr. H. Pounsett on the piano. 'Ihe ProfesiOj devoted the first part of the evening to running comments on electricity and galvanism, illustrating his remarks by a variety of successful experiments. Some, practical demonstrations of spiritrapping followed, the results being, without exception, satis, factory, and in some instances surprising. The agent of the invisible powers was a small table, which by means of very distinct raps replied to the questions proposed by the operator. In addition to other feats it indicated with accuracy the hour and minute shown by three or four watches handed in by gentlemen from the body of the Hall, uotwith standing that no two of them were set to the same time. At the close of the manifestations the Pro fessor gave a succinct history of the rise and pro gress of spiritualism, tracing it from the period when the young Foxes in Rochester (America) played off their freaks upon their credulous parents up to the present stage of its development. He strongly denounced the attempts which had been made through its agency to dupe the public, re marking that such endeavours had done much towards populating luuatic asylums aud furnishing inmates to premature, graves. The system, he candidly stated, was one of deception. The pro gramme closed with a repetition of the elettro biological exhibitions of Monday, some of the experiments being so effective as to extort cheers from those who were apparently most sceptical. A similar entertainment is announced for thii ?vening. Meeting of Carters.— A meeting of carters, railed by advertisement, was held at the Wake Beld Hotel, Waketield-street, on Tuesday evening, February 21, to take into consideration the neces sity of raising the pr.ces of cartajr.\ as carried at a previous meeting, held February 14, when a Com mittee was appointed and a list of charges pre pared. Between 30 and 40 persons were present, mid Mr. E. Palmer, not being a carter, and there fore a disinterested person, was voted to the chair. Mr. Daniels said he considered the time had arrived when, in consequence of the high price of feed for horses, it was necessary that the price of cartage of stone and other building materials should be raised, and he moved a proposition to that effect. Mr. W. McNamee seconded the motion, and remarked that iu raising the prices of cartage they did not mean to take an advantage of a parti cular class— he meant the builders— and he thought due notice should be given to all the builders if the carters were unanimous in raising the prices. A fixed price should be maintained by them, and then the builders would know what to do. The present price for carting was an insolvent one, and njt enough to keep the horses used. It was through necessity, and not by combination, that the carters were trying to raiso the charges. Mr. B. Watson supported the motion, and remarked that they had not come to the conclu sion to raise the prices before the time, as up to the present the charges had not beeu sufficient to live by. Mr. Daniels said they had met to try and get a fair day's pay for a fair day's work. At the present rate of prices they could nor earn so much us a daily labourer. They had to purchase feed for horse* at a disadvantage, as they had not the con* venience to take iu a sufficient quantity to get it cheap, as by the Corporation By-laws they could not take in more than two trusses of hay a' a time, because they had only wooden buildings to store in, and could not afford stone buildings. The speaker then gave a few statistics with refe rence to the amount requisite for the keep of horses and other expenses of carters, and showed that with the present rate of prices, after al- expenses had been paid, there would be only about £1 4s. profit to a carter for the whole week's work. He considered the carters the most neglected class of persons m Adelaide, as the whole of their time after work was occupied in attending to their horses, if they did so properly; and he thought if the subject of the present meeting was not brought forward at ouce it would not be at all. The mo tion was carried unanimously. Mr. McNamee tlieu proposed a resolution as follows:— 'That the price of cartage from the Glen Osmond Quarries to South Adelaide be 3s. per 2} cwt, an additional shilling to North Adelaide, and an equivalent price from all quarries at a greater distance.' Mr. J. Orchard seconded the motion. Mr. Daniels said they did not pledge themselves to keep the price at the amount stated in the resolution, as if necessary it could be raised higher, but at present he supported that price. Mr. P. McNamee proposed as an amendment that 3s. 3d. be the standard price. Mr. W. Conway seconded. Mr. W. McNamee would support the amendment if it was altered to 3s. 3d. in the winter, but kept at 3s. during the summer month*. On both amendment and proposition being put to the meeting the latter was carried. Mr. Daniels then proposed and Mr. Watson seconded that 2s. be the charge for carting sand from the Torrens to any place in the town aorth of Flinders-street, and 2s. 6U for carting it anywhere south of that boundary. It was proposed as an amendment that the first charge be 2s. 3d. iustead of 2*. This amendment wm carried. It was then proposed that the carting of limestone from North to South Adelaide be 2s. 3d. per cubic yard. Carried unanimously. Proposed that a Carters' Association be formed, to meet once a month, and that a monthly sub scription be paid of Is. per member, the fuuds so raised to be devoted to giving assistance to those members who should sustain loss, or for any other purpose. Carried. It was theu carried that the prices then determined on come into operation on the 1st of April next. Votes of thanks having been carried to the Press and the Chairman, the proceedings, which were of a somewhat disorderly nature, terminated. The Kurilla Mine.— The Kurilla property, belonging to the Yorke's Peninsula Mining Com pany, has undergone a marked improvement of late, and judging from present appearances this mine bids fair to be considered now as one of the permanent mines of the colony. At the 25-f athoui level, 22 fathoms east from Hall's Shaft, in the direction of 1I12 New Devon, a well-defined lode, 6 to 7 feet wide, of solid ore is now being laid open, yielding 6 to 7 tons of ore to the fathom, composed of yellow ore coated with black of rich quality. There ore now 18 miners at work on this mine; but as soon as the ground is opened up a little more additional hands will be employed. The water at present is decreasing, and is easily kept down by the small engine erected by the late Com pany; but in order to provide for the further development of this property more engine-power wil) be required, and it is in contemplation to erect a putqpiug-engine of at least 100 horse- power, and.to sink a .main shaft to the eastward of tha present workings, which will effectually accom plish the object in view. The Kurilla is one of several mining properties on Yorke's Peninsula recently acquired by an English Company, who may be congratulated on the success which has already attended their tfforts, and there is every probability that under the piesent management a spirited outlay will lead to the discovery of similar Ixles in the New Devon and Duryea Minus which would render this one of the most successful mining enterprises in the colony. Captain Wra. Warmington, late of the Moonta Mines, is in charge at Kurilla. The town management is in the hands of Captain Hall and Mr. Elder. s-outh Australian Blacking.— A sample of paste blacking has been left at our office by the manufacturer, Mr. Beale, of the Port-road, Hind marsh. It appears to be a superior article, and the packets are larger in bulk than those imported. We understand that it is to be exhibited amongst colonial manufactures at the Show, when, no doubt, the Judges will pronounce authoritatively on iU merits. Fike.— A correspondent informs us that a fire took place on Saturday night, by which a stable and piggery opposite Gould's Halfway House, Mount Barker-road, were destroyed. We are in formed that this is the third time the property on the same section has been consumed, and it U strongly suspected to be the work of an incendiary. Ma. F. Weight.— A very beautiful painting in pilj and a capital likeness of Mr. F. Wright, the original Manager oj the Adelaide Branch of th« National Bank, has arrired from. London. This work of art has been subscribed for by the employes in the Bank desirous of retaining in the establishment a memento of a gentleman who, whilst furthering the interest of the Bank, won the esteem of all who were placed under him. Pesissula Improvements. — The Wallaroo Times of the 18th says:— 'The site for the buildinz of the new Telegraph and Post Office has been defined by a Government Surveyor, who arrived a day or two since for that purpose. The place selected is on the Government reserve, and opposite Mr. Mesacnt's store. It is hoped that the erecjion of the buiMing* will be commenced and earned 'forward without delay, as the accommoda tion at the preseut offices is quite inadequate to th,e requirements of the place.' 