Sumrnarg of European Ncfos* We compile the following summary from the ' Home News' of Nov. 26th:— During the month of Sept. 1461 immi grants arrived in Quebec, of wbom 529 sailed from England, 451 from Ireland, 337 from Scotland, and 144 from Norway. The num ber of cabin passengers was 334, and of steerage, 1127- 114 persons were assisted in their emigration by charitable funds. The total number of immigrants who have ar rived during the present year is 17,970, and is an increase of 698 over the corresponding period of 1863. A child 8 menths old was recently smothered, at Cambrai, from a cat lying upon it when asleep in its cradle. The correspondent of the * New York Herald' says" Among the killed at tbe battle of Jonesboro' was a Catholic priest, Father Bliemel, chaplain to the 10th Ten nessee. He was killed while ministering to a dying soldier. I must say of tbe Catholic chaplains, that 1 have ever found them in the'front succouring the dying and wounded. Even in ..Atlanta the Catholic ministers have Remained,' while others have fled, to share the ^ate of their flocks." - - - ~ - • Tbe following astounding piece of informa tion with reference to tbe late unfortunate occurrences in Belfast appears in the ' Al manach do Voleur,' published in Paris, and now to be bought at the best foreign book sellers in London:—" Civil war in Belfast. —Belfast is a small town in Ireland, bor dering on Edinburgh, and inhabited for tbe greater part by workmen, most of whom are navvies and carpenters. In the month of April last the Catholics of Edinburgh having determined to render a solemn act of homage to the memory of O'Connell by erecting a statue to him," &c.; The article concludes with the following paragraph :—" Inoffensive inhabitants, women, and children, were mas sacred and tortured with refinements of cruelty which recall the horrors of tbe religious wars of tbe middle ages." 44 The question of the marriage of priests,' says the4 Messager du Midi, " is about to be again brought before the tribunals under a new form. Last year a priest brought an action against a mayor to compel him to perform the nuptial ceremony. The plain tiff in tbe present suit some years back found a municipal officer willing to * tie tbe knot' though he was then in orders; he now ap plied to have it untied on the ground of its being illegal." The 4 New York Herald' announces the arrival of the steamship Solent at Havana, having on board Captain Semmes, under the assumed name of Smith. The claims sent in against the Sheffield Water Company, on account of damage done by the inundation caused by tbe burst ing of the dam, amount to £455,000. There is a proposition afloat that the Bri tish Americans and the Home Government shall come to a definite understanding as to an armed alliance; it is, it seems, popularly urged by. Canadian statesmen. The colonists are perceiving the infinite advantage of re maining separate from the Yankee Federa tion. They desire a viceroy of the blood royal, or a man of first-rate ability in that position, to wbom they would allot £20,000 or £25,000 a year, that he migbt maintain a fitting state. And they will be willing to support tbeir independence and loyalty by a militia of 100,1)00 or even 200,1)00 suffi ciently drilled men, if the mother country deems that number indispensable. Thie Ripley Hospital at Lancaster has been opened'with great rejoicings. The in stitution has been erected and endowed by Mrs. Julia Bipley, as a fulfilment of tbe wishes of her late husband, wbo was a native of Lancaster, and one of the merchant princes of Liverpool. The building has cost £40,000, .and the sum set apart for tbe en dowment is £100,000. It is intended for tbe maintenance and education of 300 orphan and indigent children, natives of Lancaster and Liverpool. The first British Minister to tbe infant empire of Mexico has been appointed, tbe Hon. Mr. Scarlett, lately British Minister at Athens. The Industrial Exhibition of Working Men which bad been open at the Agricul tural-ball, Islington, for the previous tbree weeks, and which bas proved most success ful, was: closed on November 7, when the Chancellor of the Exchequer delivered an eloquent address on the rights, duties, and dignity of labour. Mr. Gladstone forcibly pointed out that the great Exhibitions of { 1851 ; and 1862 in a great measure owed their success to the vast resources of capital and wealth, whereas the exhibition which he bad just brought to a termination was made up entirely of the contributions of men who worked for weekly wages. A convention bas been concluded between tbe British Government and the Porte for the working of the Anglo-Indian Telegraph. Tbe tariff for a single message from Con stantinople to Fars will be 22 francs 50 cents. . The Rev. F. :D. Maurice read a very in teresting paper, at a recent meeting of tbe Juridical Society. The question discussed in it was 44 Ought any person to be excluded from giving evidence on the ground of re ligious unbelief?" The conclusion to which the- rev. gentleman came was that no person ought to be excluded for such a cause. He did not desire that oaths should be alto gether abolished, hut that persons should be relieved from them who objected to tbem. The committee which at the outset of the Danish war was formed under the presi dency of the Marquis of Clanricarde, to collect funds for the relief of the sick and wounded of the Danish army, have just remitted a final sum of £124 15s. 6d. to the Danish Committee at Copenhagen, making a total of nearly £9_GQ collected in England. It is said that the Mufier trial cost the Government £700, and the German Defence Association £300. - , It 'is calculated that the Marquis of Bute, who is now 17, will have about two millions of ready money on coming of age. The excavations at Pompeii have just led to the discovery of a temple of Juno, on the flags of which were scattered about more than 200 skeletons. They are those of women and children who, during the erup tion of Vesuvius, had hastened to the temple to seek refuge and implore protection from tbe goddess. Lord Amberley, who is aged 22 years, and the eldest son of Earl Bussell, has just been married to the daughter of Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Postmaster General. The lady is also 22. The first meeting for the session of the Geographical Society has been held. Cap tain Burton read a paper on tbe question of I the sources of tbe Nile. He expressed a strong opinion that tbe Lake Victoria Nyanza was not the source of the great river, but that tbe source was further south—he believed in Lake Tanganika. Dr. Livingstone confirmed some of Captain Burton's views respecting Lake Tanganika. He said that when travelling to the westward of that lake he saw several rivers flowing towards it from a high plateau upwards of 2000 feet high. He was of opinion that the Nile originated from several lakes in that part of Africa, and that it could not be traced to any one source. A wedding ceremony Penrhvn came to an unexpected close recently, under peculiar circumstances. A well-to-do young man, recently returned from Australia, bad wooed . and won a damsel respectably connected, and having procured a marriage license, the pair, attended by more than a dozen friends in four or five carriages, arrived at St. Gluvias Church, Penrbyn. The Rev. C. D. Saun ders, curate, conducted the service, which proceeded in due course, until the question was asked of the bridegroom, *' Wilt thou have this woman to be thy wedded wife ?" To this he replied, " Well, I don't mind taking her for a month or so on trial." This unseemly speech astounded the congregation and disgusted the clergyman, who instantly closed his book, went into the vestry, and disrobed. The parties followed him, begging him to proceed with the ceremony, but be resolutely refused, left the building, and con ferred with tbe archdeacon of the diocese, the Rev. Chancellor Phillpotts, who is residing at the vicarage. A demand was made for a return of the fee paid for the license, but this also was declined. Subsequently tbe parties were married by the rector of Camborne. ' Galignani* says that the description of a very ^ rapid process for reproducing pencil drawings has been going the round of the Russian journals. Tbe process will be par ticularly useful in campaigns, where it is often desirable to have a number of copies of a hasty pencil sketch. Some time ago M. Villani-Villanis remarked that if a sheet of paper on which a plan or any drawing or writing has been executed with pencil be moistened with acidulated water, and after wards inked, tbe pencil marks alone will take the ink, and the whole drawing may then be transferred to metal or stone. Cap tain Sytenko, of tbe Russian Artillery, director of tbe photographic service of tbe staff at St. Petersburg, has introduced very ingenious modifications into this process, and contrived a portable military press which may be extremely useful in campaigns. It does not take more than 10 minutes to effect the transfer of the drawing upon a zinc plate 01 lithographic stone. The daughters of the late Mr. William Thackeray have presented to the scholars of the Charterhouse the iron bedstead on which their father died, and it is now in tbe head monitor's room. There is a suitable in scription upon it. A communication from Rome says:—The discovery of the statue of Hercules in Pom pey's Theatre excites tbe admiration of artists in the highest degree. It is a work of Grecian art, of bronze, and of larger pro portions than any to be seen at Rome. Its execution is superior to anything yet known ; the bas-reliefs of tbe Pantheon and the Apollo Belvedere are of a purer style, no doubt, but they have not the incomparable finish of the Hercules now discovered. Pius IX. takes a great interest in tbe statue. Bishop Colenso's appeal against the sen tence of the Bishop of Capetown is expected to come before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council very shortly. Mrs. Robson lately applied to the Divorce Court. She presented a petition for a dis solution of ber marriage, on the ground of her husband's adultery, coupled with bigamy. The respondent is the forger of Crystal Palace shares, who was convicted .at the Central Criminal Court in November, 1856, and sentenced to 20 years' transportation. In September, 1858, he was sent to Aus tralia, and in October, 1859, he was dis charged with a ticket-of-leave at Fremantle. On September 15, 1863, he contracted a bigamous marriage at Perth, West Australia. He was described in the certificate as a schoolmaster. No appearance being entered, tbe Judge directed that a commission should issue for the examination of witnesses in Australia. The extraordinary case of Admiral Cod rington against his wife, which had been ad journed from last July, in order to send out a commission to examine witnesses in Malta, was resumed on November 17; and, after occupying the Divorce Court four days and exciting much public interest, the jury found a verdict that Mrs. Codrington had commit ted adultery both with Colonel Anderson and with Lieutenant Mildmay, and that Admiral Codrington had not by bis conduct conduced to his wife's adultery. On the charge of extensive fraud in Lon don, another person, named Duncan M'Lean Wright, commission merchant, of Liverpool, has been brought up on the charge of being connected with the attempt to defraud Messrs. Garcia, Rubet, and Brothers, of wine to tbe value of several thousand pounds. It may be remembered that a person named De Witt was taken in custody on this charge. The prisoner made no defence and was remanded. It appears that the prosecutors are likely to recover all the property of which it was at tempted to defraud them, [Both De Witt and Wright have since been tried and found guilty. Evidence was adduced at the trial in proof that De Witt had been previously sentenced to 15 years' penal servitude and Wright to four years*. On this occasion the judge sentenced both to 15 years* penal servitude.] In the Sheriffs* Court, before Mr. Com missioner Kerr, a case of some interest lately came on for bearing. A Mr. Budden sued a Mrs. Elizabeth English for rent due. The defendant pleaded she was a married woman. This was denied by the plaintiff, and it came out tbat she had married ber deceased husband's half brother. His Honor, who was in considerable doubt as to,.the law of the case, said, "It is really^a very nice question in common law. The question will be, can a woman marry her first husband's balf-brother ? In my opinion it is pro hibited. It seems very hard, Mrs. English, but I am afraid you cannot set up your marriage as a defence to this action. 'But I will let the case stand over, so tbat tbe parties may come to some arrangement as to the mode of payment." The Brothers Davenport, who have been performing at Newcastle-on-Tyne, have been the subjects of a rather unusual " manifesta tion." Tbey bad been giving private exhi bitions, charging a guinea for admission, and one of the audience who fancied he had been done out of his money applied to the magistrates for a summons against the Brothers, on the ground tbat they had got his guinea under false pretences. The ma gistrates declined to grant tbe summons, saying that if tbe applicant was silly enough to spend his money in that way he had no remedy. Upwards of 150 persons, consisting of miners and their families, recently left Corn wall, to work in tbe extensive copper mines of South Australia. Tbe whole of tbe party received free or assisted passages under the Government system of emigration to Ade laide. ' An enormous piggery at Portesham, in Dorset, now contains nearly 4000 swine, which are chiefly fed on wheat and maize. Pork is 2s. a score dearer than it was at this time last year. An extraordinary action was recently brought by a coach-builder of Waterford, named Law lor, for tbe recovery of a half-penny. It ap pears that Mr. Lawlor was desirous of sending a specimen of his workmanship to the Dublin Exhibition; and, instead of placing it in a dray and sending it to the terminus, he bad it drawn by men. When it arrived at the bridge the question arose, what should be paid 1 It was a four-wheeled carriage, but it was not drawn by horses, asses, bullocks, or other animals. The only table in the schedule of tolls was for a carriage *' drawn any other way." Mr. Lawlor tendered the money, and considered this should have cleared the men who drew the carriage, while the lessee of the bridge held that these men were foot passengers, and should pay in addition. The toll-taker insisting on his view, compelled Mr. Lawlor to pay one half penny, for which an action was brought by Mr. Lawlor in one case to recover a penalty of £5 for overcharge of toll, and the magis trates decided in his favour. From that de cision the bridge commissioners appealed, and after argument of counsel on both sides, the court affirmed the decree, with costs. It is surmised that the costs in the magis trates and the sessions court will not be less than £10; or, with the penalty, it will cost the bridge commissioners 15s. a year for ever, on account of one halfpenny. It appears that by the death of Captain Howard, nephew and heir to the Earl of Wick low, several of the life assurance offices in London will be heavy losers. The deceased gentleman was well-known in the city, hav ing on various occasions appeared before the Insolvent Court pending an arrangement of his pecuniary difficulties. Some years ago his debts were stated at little, if anything, less than £100,000. The creditors, knowing his expectations, were unwilling to proceed to extremities, and repeated adjournments of his case were agreed to, in order to enable him to effect a settlement by charging his re version in their favour. As a collateral se curity. assurances to a large amount were effected on his life, and it is said that a former proprietor of Cremome Gardens is the holder of policies to the extent of nearly £40,000. The unfortunate man, it seems, has left a son—a mere child—and his widow, it is said, is in an interesting condi tion. The earldom of Wicklow will now, in all probability, pass to a younger brother of the deceased gentleman. The estates pro duce from £17,000 to £20,000 a year, and include the charming and romantic residence known as Shelton Abbey. Mr. Odell, the barrister, who shot bailiff's messenger that bad come to take his goods in execution, has been tried before the Criminal Court of Dublin. The trial lasted three days. There was no dispute as to the facts of the murder; but it was contended that the prisoner was insane at the time he shot the man. The jury took this view, and returned a verdict acquitting the prisoner, on the ground of insanity. The last act in the Galw3y Company farce has been played out. On Monday, October 31, the remnant of the property belonging to it in the " City of the Tribes," was sold by public auction. The articles brought to the hammer consisted of boats, sbip-fittings, spars, and an immense* number of casks, &c.; " There now remains," says a Galway journal, "scarcely a vestige of the project which a short time since seemed destined to restore our city to her ancient position of pride and prosperity." " The law of evidence," says the' Armagh Guardian,' "gives considerable license to our process-servers, and their endorsements of the time, place, and mode of service, are frequently related to the amusement of the court. In a recent case the debt was not disputed, and the question for the learned chairman was the validity of the service, which was respectively maintained and dis puted. The process-server was John M'Quade, who refreshed his memory by re ference to the endorsement, which ran some thing as follows:— Saw defendant pitching hay, On eyeing me be ran away. Put the process on his fork, And let him know that I was ' York,' For as he skirted, loud I bawled The reason wby I on him called. For the first time in his long experience the chairman bad heard that an officer of his court had served a process on a pitch fork, and, taking all the circumstances into ac count, he pronounced the service good, and ordered a decree for the amount sought." The Irish Master of the Rolls has just delivered a judgment which will create a great sensation—that money cannot be legally left to the monks of a Roman Catholic monas tery who have become such since tbe act of 1829, for the purposes of their institution ; but that the Crown can define the destina tion of any bequest to them involving a purely charitable trust. A melancholy occurrence took place at Athy recently. A cabin in the outskirts of the town, containing seven persons, took fire about midnight. As the roof was thatched with straw, it soon became a mass of flames. A brave fellow named Curry rushed into the house, and, with tbe aid of his son, rescued five of the inmates. The other two escaped. Of tbe five saved three died before morning. The supposed murderer of Mr. Braddell, tbe land ageut, who was shot dead in tbe town of Tipperary, nearly two years ago, by a man named Hayes, has been arrested -at Dunmore. He was brought before Lord Huntingdon, and then removed to Water ford gaol. It is not certain that the man arrested is Hayes; but he was partially identified by the constable who took bim into custody, from having formerly known him in Tipperary. One night lately Richard Gleeson, land ■steward to the Rev. Dr. B. Burgh, of Dublin, whilst sitting in his bouse at Woodville, 10 miles from Longford, was fired at through a window. Edward Gil more, a man formerly in the service of Mr. Burgb, was arrested on suspicion. Gleeson is severely wounded in the head and neck, and his life is considered in danger. A commission of enquiry bad been issued on the subject of tbe Belfast riots. The gentlemen appointed are Mr. Barry, Q.C., and Mr. Dowse, Q.C. Mr. Barry is a Roman Catholic, and Mr. Dowse a Protest ant ; each enjoying in the highest degree the confidence of his respective denomination, while their integrity and independence of character have secured for them the respect of the public of all parties. The commis sioners began their sittings on November 14 and had been endeavouring to keep within tbe limits assigned by their warrant, and to restrict their enquiry into tbe riotous proceed ings in that town, without admitting evidence as to their causes. They have allowed the outbreak of the Protestant ship carpenters to be ascribed to the outrages of the Roman Catholic navvies, and these outrages again to tbe burning of O'Connell in effigy. Mr. Kennedy, a Protestant magistrate, stated that the burning of the effigy in question and the mock funeral procession were great out rages on the'feelings of Roman Catholics. But while nearly all the Protestants in Bel fast, and the majority of Protestants in other parts of Ireland, were in the habit of justify ing those things by tbe fact that tbe Govern ment permitted the O'Connell procession in Dublin, by which the counter-procession in Belfast was provoked, that fact and tbe con duct of the Government in relation to the O'Connell procession were not admitted as within the scope of the enquiry. Mr. Alexander Findlater, one of the lead ing Presbyterians of Dublin, gave £10,800 to a building committee, in 1862, to erect a Presbyterian church in Rutland-square, Dub lin. The estimate afterwards swelled to £15,000, and Mr. Findlater increased bis donation. Subsequently it was found tbat tbe cost bad exceeded £16,000, and Mr. Findlater Bgain increased bis donation, so that be bas borne tbe whole expense, save the cost of tbe site and a memorial window in bis honour. Tbe Federals seem to have begun recruit ing in Ireland again. One of their agents bas just been arrested in Athlone. He is a man named Murphy, a native of Ireland, bnt for years resident in America; and the charge against him is an attempt to enlist four soldiers of the 25th Regiment. He met them in a public-house, and soon got into their good graces by paying for drink. Four of the party seemingly assented, when an oath was attempted to be administered. In the meantime, one of the soldiers, having left the house while these proceedings were going on, informed the police, and the prisoner was taken into custody. Murphy has been com mitted for trial. He is about 60 years of age, of military appearance, with grey beard and moustache. In bis portmanteau were found a number of printed papers relating to military matters. He had 10 sovereigns and some silver in his purse, and a letter telling him where to look for money if he should require it. A citizen of Edinburgh has offered £2000 towards tbe expense of erecting an orna mental fountain in West Princes-street Gardens. A cave filled with guano of excellent quality is 6aid to have been discovered near Portmahomac harbour, Scotland. Between 2 and 3 one morning recently a large part of a seven-storeyed bouse in the Lawn Market, Edinburgh, fell with a heavy crash. The building had been ordered for demolition, and the inhabitants had left it some months. It was fortunate tbe fall did not occur in the day-time, when the street into which it fell is busy with traffic, i In the recent heavy storm on the N.E. coast of Scotland, 26 fishermen belonging to Banffshire were drowned. The site of an ancient British city has been discovered near Edinburgh.' The Rev. Mr. Gharteris, of Park Church, Glasgow, latelyannounced tbat,independently of the seat rents, the return from which is upwards of £1000 per annum, tbe congrega tion bad raised during tbe preceding year tbe munificent sum of £6018. The Bishop of London has been lecturing at the Edinburgh Philosophical Institution. A gentleman in Glasgow recently lost a parcel containing ten £100 notes, between tbe Exchange and St. Vincent place. A lad in the magnetic telegraph company's depart ment found the notes, and handed them to bis superior, who took tbem to tbe Bank they were issued from, where, shortly after, they were claimed. The gentleman, on re covering tbe notes, gave the lad one of tbem (£100) for his honesty. The survivors of- the crew of the brig Ayrshire Lass were lately taken from the water-logged vessel, which, after being thrown upon her beam ends, had again righted. Tbey had subsisted for 17 days on a bag of biscuit soaked in sea water and a dog. Tbey were totally destitute of food when picked up. 