To the' Editor of the Toowoornba Chronicle. Mn. Editor — Ever read' — as you havo un questionably proven — to expose, if you cannot expungo, a nuisance, grievance, or injustice, I would beg to call your attcution to a custom (by whom ' established, or under what authority per- sisted in, I know not,) loudly complained of in this good town of ours, namely, the practice of exacting a fco for — not exactly asking tlio way to Ruthvcn, or nny other street, but — information connected with immigration, Innd orders, selection of land for purchaso, or nny other matter cquall' inconsiderable in impotence, which an unini tiated person iiJhy require to b enliglitoned on, and for which purpose Government officers nro very considerably well paid (considering tho amount of work with amount of cash) for afford ing to tho public. It is not a solitary instance of complaint that I allude to, but numberless" waitings that havo reached my cars of charges for that information that astonish folks. For example: Fivo shilliugs for being told " how to go to >vor)c " to got a brother, sister, or other rclativo from bomb; This is an obstruction (paying fivo bob is) (lint may possibly prevent the introduction of nusejulmtmhct to .'our community, and God knows they're wanted. /Again,. to toll a. man oY woragnChoiy toJqgplyrfbVi their land orders, is no very great trouble ; but tipping fivo shillings for tho information very often isl For tho selection of a piece of land (which 3011 ma be desirous to buy,) I nm told you must "come down with your dust" to tho tunc of £1 — and this is considered an exorbitant regulation, if it is a regulation at all. Tho Govern ment, I believe, furnishes gratuitously printed forms for such purposes, but docs not, I imagine, contemplate nny individual's making privato emolument out of public property. Some — not very trifling— overcharges also, I am told, fre quently occur in tho Pickaninny Debt Depart- ment ; nnd being acquainted with mine fow spe cific facts of this nature, I think, Mr. Editor, if you just give publicity to the complaint in a general way, it may cause .1 change in the min istryof these doings ; but should any more com plaints come upon us, wh), then, wo'll try our bunds at " particular instances," and go tho " wholo swine" in detailing tho circumstances. I am, Mr. Editor, Your obedient servant. LISTENER. Toowoornba, August 23, 18G5. Cjiot.p.ra on Board a Mail Snir. — The South Australian llegieter of the I2lh instant says: — "A passenger by the Rangatira informs us that when ho was off Malta, in the steamer Nynnza,on his way from England, tho Delta, homeward mail, arrived from Alexandria. lie was anxious to go on board to make inquiries after his friends iu Adelaide, ns the April mail had not reached Eng land when ho left; hut he wns not allowed to go on board, the steward and one of the passengers being under treatment for cholera. On reaching Egypt, lie found that the disease was raging with such violence at Cairo that the peoplo were said to be 'dying like ratten sheep.' This was also the cn-sc nt other largo towns, nnd man of the drivers on the line had died. The same gentleman calls attention to tlm fact that tho steamers of the Pe ninsular nnd Oriental Compan' are allowed in most ports to land their passengers with less official supervision than is exercised in the case of other vessels, nnd he thinks that the attention of the authorities in the various colonies should bo di rected to the danger which may attend neglect." Western Australia. — The Inquirer and Com mercial A rews of the 26th Jul' says " Mr. Jef ferson Pickmnn Stow, a magistrate of South Aus tralia, accompanied bv Mr. William McMinn and Mr. Arthur Hamilton, surveyors, in the employ of the South Australian Government nt Adam Bay, two sailors (James Davis and John White) nnd two labourers (Charlcs-IIako and FrancisEdwurds), made their appearance at Gcraldton on tho 8th instant, having left Adam Bay on the 7th Mny, in nil open boat, 231 feet long, six feet beam, and two fect deep, having accomplished a journey of 2.500 miles between those dates. Leaving Adam Bay, where ruisrulo nnd discontent seem to be unhap pily rife, they arrived nt Anson Bay on the 14th, nt Capo Dombcy on the 15th, off Cape Bougain ville on tho night of the 19th; they landed on Troughton Island on the 21st, and 011 the 29th arrived in Camden Harbour. There, fortunately, all tho party under Mr. Sholl's orders were in good health; but the place seems to bo con demned as place of settlement for grazing pur poses, and the few who were left of tbo settlers who went from Victoria will leave b the first op portunity ; and as there will then bo no use in keeping up the Government establishment, we mny look forward to tho withdrawal of tho Go vernment staff at a very early. period. Mr.- Stow anil his companions, having been hospitably en tertained for five days, left on tho 3rd of Juno, and on tho 7th were off Laccpcdc Islands, and on the 15th off Solitary Island; passed Turtle Island on tho17th, and on the 19th anchored in Nickol Bay. Hero the' stayed till tho 23rri, landing at two places, searching for water; when, nut meeting any of tho whito settlers, they started on . their perilous voyage, passiug outsido of Lhinpior's Ar- cliipclngo, and landed on an island off the mouth- of tho Fortescue River Jon tho 26th. They passed the North-west "Capo vltb fine weather, tlio wind from cast nnd southeast, at noon on the 28th Judc; entering Shark's Bay at sundown on tho 2nd July ; and on tlio following morning (Mon day, the 3rd of Jtfly), being becalmcd.off tho Na turalists Channel, they remained nt auchor till, tho 5th, when they rowed clear' of Dirck Hartog's Island, and on the 8th arrived at Gcraldton, thus accomplishing as perilous a voyngo as, with the exception of Biigh's in tho Bounty's boat, wo havo over heard or read of; for they havo twice grounded on coral reefs in an unknown, sen, and for three days were in a violent gale of wind, ex pecting every moment to be destroyed. Sufferings of a Whaler's Crew. — On the 15th, the crew of the Hull whaler iEolus, Captain Agray, arrived in that port by tho Lvith steam boat 'Edinn. Tho JEoIus was tlio last but ono of. tho onco fine fleet of Greenland whalers and scalers belonging to HttU. She sailed for tho northern fisheries on the 15th February last, nnd "reached the ico at the hitter cud of March. Sho found nn opening about tlio middle of April, and soon came in sight of a pack of seals several miles in length and breadth. In order to get nearer tho seals Captain Agray deemed it advisable to make for a small inlet at'a distance. On getting clear of the main body of ice to reach tho inlet, a gale sprang up, and the ship was driven in among tho bergs whero she was very much crushed about the bows. Sho sustained other damage in a day or two, which necessitated a run for land, if possible. The ship was, therefore, put about, nnd sail rondo fur Iceland. After leaving the ice, tho crow endured tho bitterest hardships, and it was with the greatest difficulty that the could work the ship, as sho was fast making water. Sho left Green- land on tho 27th of April, nnd on tho 1st of May came in sight of tho island of Iceland. On tho next day the pumps were sounded, and 6cvcn fect of water found in tho hold. Tho men were all worn out; and tho water gaining fast, it was deemed necessary for the safety of the lives of the crew to run tho ship ashore nt West Horn, about a mile distant from a small fishing station. G'hc sea was running very high, and it wns with the greatest difficulty that the crew, sixty in number, were able to leave tho ship. By means of tho whalclmats the were nil landed, nnd the parish church opened for their reception. Two days afterwards the' commenced their march south ward, fort horses being placed at their disposal. The men suffered very severely in marching over the mountains, which wero covered with melting snow. At ono of tho southorn ports they em barked on board a small Danish smack which was bouud for Lerwick. The vessel was a very small one, and the wrecked mariner# were compelled to lie tho whole of the voyage on the dock or in tho hold, 60 inconveniently crowded that it wns diffi cult to move about. In tins miserable plight tho men had to remain nine days, most of which time the smack had to contend with storms which kept the decks under water. Fhioutful Sufferings at Sea. — Mr. Amos Marcier, second mate nnd sole survivor of tbo schooner Lender, which left Montreal ou the 22nd of November, 18R4, for St. John's, reached Liver pool reccutly by tho Moravian, from New York, and told a horrible story of the loss of tho Schooner. On tho 9th of December she met with bad weather, and on the next day sho wns washed upon somo breakers. Marcier, and auothcr man named Mer cer, .were able to reach the- shore tit Well Cover, near tho Bay of Islauds ; a third, Willett, was lying on the wreck, trouble to move with his back and .thjghs b.rokcn ; . gnd (bo captain .aud all tlio rest of tiio'croW wcrb /Irowned or killed by the falling of tho ringing, struck down by the violence of tho. storm. After eight weeks of endurance, Willett was frozen to death on the deck of tho wrecks,. .They. had been quite unnblo to mnvo him, but had fed him from time to time. On tho 28th January Mercer died. His lug at this time was frozen fast. On the 21st of March, Mttfcier :wad rescued .by tho schooner Lily Dale. 'On- cutting off his btockings, four of. tbo toes of His ts g&tibot;'.-dropped uff, ihcohseqhencO uf thWrofcV 