ar-r - 1 -3a.-aY:;Lj5. AVjmr-'... .tla.-' .'tuu.., i istisS OF m uw s 8; ; A meeting of shareholders interested in the Loddon and Kangaroo Junction Deep Lead Mining Company (registered) took place at Slatterv's, Supreme Court Hotel, yesterday. Mr W. R. Bytkell in the chair. The manager (Mr Thorburn) read the rules, which were ap- " proved of, and the following gentlemen were afterwards chosen to act as directors rMessrs Eric Finlason, John Cooper, and W. R. Bythell. MrT. Butterworth was appointed auditor. Mr H. O. Rowe, the mining manager, thought that the working of the mine would commence within a month, but in the meantime pumps and other necessary works were being constructed. It is contemplated by the mining manager to sluice about thirty to thirty-five heads per day, the washdirt being about three feet thick. The ce ment, also met with in the company's ground will be crushed. Up to the present time the Town Clerk has. issued 45 publicans' licenses, 10 wine and spirit licenses, 1 brewer's license. 2 night licenses, 8 grocers' licenses and 2 colonial wine licenses, by which the borough funds have benefitted to the extent of £1510. The number of dogs regis tered has been 149, and the fees received from this source £37 5s. Since the 15th December the overdraft at the bank has been reduced from £2407 13s 3d to £1364 6s 8£d. A cricket match will be played to-day on the Wattle Flat Reserve between local bodies, of which Castlemaine and Chewton will be amongst the number. The little publicity that has been given to. the fact will, of course, cause a limited attendance of spectators, but there will no doubt be plenty of amusement in the game, although there may not be a display of very great science. The Government having adopted the sugges tion made by Mr Wardell to ascertain the rela tive merits of his scheme of water supply as compared with that of Mr Reilly, the two lines, of proposed water route have been more or less surveyed, and fully inspected by Mr Christo- pherson, Goveimment Engineer. We cannot, of course, state what the opinion of that officer is,' but "there is every reason to believe that an im partial judgment will be given by him. Mr Christopherson was the originator of the scheme of water supply which is likely to be adopted at Geelong. It is necessary that the report of the examination and survey be in the hands of the Government in a few days, seeing the select committee on water supply is to hold the first sitting in about a w-eek. A few days ago wo reported that several fires had been caused by the sparks emitted from the railway trains, and we also suggested that suf ferers thereby should make a claim on the Go vernment for compensation. This suggestion has, we are informed, been acted upon. Mr Stevens at the Porcupine has had oOO acres ot grass and a quantity of fencing destroyed by the cause mentioned. Several other large land owners, whose property has been similarly in jured, have given notice of their intention to ob tain damages. An inquiry into these claims will show how far such casualties may be averted, and to what extent the Eiigineer-in- Chief is culpable in not- applying a remedy which is said to be effectual by preventing the emission of sparks from railway engines. Dr Rigby, J.P., resident at Malmsbury, has been elected medical officer to the G.U.O.O.F. Loyal Southern Cross Lodge at Taradale. In consequence of this appointment Dr Rigby in tends removing to the latter place. This season will be a memorable one for bush fires, and especially in our own district. For some weeks past several of these attendants of an Australian summer have been visible in different directions. Yesterday a very large fire was raging in the vicinity of Guildford, and from the body of flame and dense masses of smoke visible at a" great distance, it is to be feared that considerable destruction of property must have occurred. From every part of the district accounts reach lis of the alarm the bush fires are causing. No doubt the heat of the at mosphere is much increased by them, A down fall of rain would therefore just now be doubly acceptable. Since writing the above a destruc tive fire is reported to have broken out at Bell- topper, Taradale. The following is a list of outstanding accounts lyipg at the Treasury : — Atipp M, BrownF H and Co., Bond E J, Boulter J, Cock burn J 3, Cerutty C W, Calder J, Card D, Duff J, Daw son W, Dermott II, Fullarton It, Fleming J, Grant A K, Guiseppi P, Garland J B, Graham W, Howliston Tate aud Co, Jaeguug L H, Johnson A, Kedzlie G 2, Keegan L, Matthews and Co, Mousee H, Mackay H, M'Intosh J, O'Neill J, O'HaraHL, Newstead District Road Board 2, Parkinson S, Patten R, Patterson Plews E W, Pettifer and Co, Richardson T, Shearer J, Sick A L, Sidonius J, Sheehan P, Thurgood W, Townsend E. The following is the programme of music to be performed by the Castlemaine Volunteer Band, under the direction of Mr A. Hunerbein, in the Market Hall, this evening, at 8 o'clock ' Quadrille, " Juno," H. Farmer; waltz, "The Fairy Tale," Faust ; march, " II Pirata," Bel lini ; air, " Home to the Mountains," Verdi; " Danish National Anthem ; " schottische, " Christmas, " A. Huenerbein selection "Martha," Flotow ; "Pantomime Galop," H. Hughes; "God Save the Queen." An ingenious Chinaman was brought up at the police court yesterday, charged with fowi- stealing. He admitted his guilt, but pleaded in extenuation that- the Chinese New Year was approaching, and he wished to celebrate it in a proper manner. The wish was no doubt laud able enough, and " John's " poverty-stricken appearance was a sufficient proof that he would not fare very sumptuously if he had to pay for it. The bench, however, disagreed with the means he had recourse to to provide his feast, and sent him to spend his New Year in gaol. The gold escorts brought down to Castlemaine yesterday 231oz from Maryborough and 250oz from Avoca. At the Taradale police court held yesterday T. D. S. Heron, Esq., P.M., presided. The only case heard was one of interpleader, arising out of the case of Steed v. ICerr, which came on at the previous sitting, when judgment was given against the defendant for debt. James Mackenzie now on oath stated that a number of bullock?, two of which were seized by the police under warrant of execution against Kerr's pro perty, belonged to him (Mackenzie). Mr Aus tin, who appeared for Mackenzie, argued that the bullocks had never been out of the posses sion of his client since he purchased them, about one year ago. The bench adjourned the case until Friday next, for the production of further evidence. In a visit to the Fryers district on Monday our attention was attracted by one of the finest fields of wheat and oats we have seen for mauy seasons. It is the property of Mr Joseph Dawes, contains about four acres, and is situated on the main road from Fryerstown to Golden Point. A compara tively short time ago a more sterile piece of ground could scarcely be found, but, by judicious manage ment, its fertility, the result of manual labor only, can now be scarcely surpassed. A yield . of 70 bushels to the acre is this season anticipated, and the labor and care which Mr Dawes has bestowed in cultivating his ground deserves such recompense. Considering the cry uiade of late in reference to small farms such results are refreshing to hear of. The fowl-house of Mr Thomas Symons, at Taradale, was on Saturday night last eutered by a Chinaman, who succeeded in carrying off five head of poultry, The owner gave chase, but lost the thief in the scrub. As the Chiuese New Year is at hand more than ordinary vigilance will be required by owners of poultry. Mr E Brice, of Chewton, writes: — "1 see by yesterday's paper, a statement stating that the Chewton Cricket Club has become defunct, in con- sequeuce of a misunderstanding amongst its mem bers. 1 beg leave to state that it is totally false, .The member that has left is Mr Rogerson, band master, and that was on account of Mr Scorah, late member of the Chewton band, having joined -the above club," \- - -j i I Three more neglected children named Fitzpafcjick, -i aged two, six, and eight years, ; were yesterday ; committed by the- magistrates to the Industrial School for terms of seven, four, jand two years- For some time past these little ones had been dependent, on their mother for support ; but, unfortunately, she was too much addicted to excessive drinking to properly care for them. Lunacy at length seized upon her, and the other day she was taken into custody, and committed to the gaol for medical treatment. The children had then no one to look after them, and their committal to the Industrial Bckool accordingly became a necessity. We are informed that a number of persons have been summoned to the Chewton Police Court for not registering their dogs. The persons proceeded against complain that the Borough Council havmg advertised " that all dogs must be registered on or before the 15th inst," it was presumed that no sum monses would be issued until after the date pained, while some of the documents served bear date the 18th. This certainly looks like a breach of faith, or very sharp practice, which the hearing of the cases may explain. Yesterday, says the Bendigo Advertiser , as we are informed, some of t'1" farmers on the Emu Creek accidentally caiuui the destruction of the growing crops, by setting fire to the surrounding grass, while "burning off" stubble, the dry state of the weather rendering everything extremely in flammable. The owners of property, which was in the line of the fire, were promptly warned of the danger, and steps taken to prevent its spreading to any great extent. We are not iu possession of the full particulars of the occurrence. Yesterday morning, a few minutes before three o'clock, a man named F. E. Morris, a professional singer," who had arrived at Sandhurst from Mel bourne the previous day, dropped down dead in Mundy-street, near the "Market Sheds. He had only a short time come out of the Haymarket Music Hall. The belief that the Moorabool traverses an auriferous belt of country, has incited to the forma tion of a company to test the ground from Batesford to Morrison's Diggings. The company numbers among its projectors, says the Geelong Advertiser, well- known names in the mining interest. The plan proposed to be earned out after perambulating and surveying the country, is to put down bores sim ultaneously in different places. We are informed that £5000 has been subscribed, chiefly in Ballaarat and Melbourne. It is proposed to put down five bores at once, the machinery being ready; _ It is ex pected that operations will commence in a few weeks, and from their represented magnitude, there is good ground for belief that a thorough test will be applied to the country indicated. Let us hope that the anticipations entertained may be verified. An investigation was commenced, on Friday last, by the Immigration Board, into certain charges brought against Captain Goodall, of the ship Golden Empire, relative to his having allowed the sailors to shave the passengers while crossing the line, as well as committed other breaches against the as sisted immigration regulations. Some evidence was taken, and the .inquiry was adjourned, to give the master an opportunity of sending in a written de fence. The great meteorite, half of which was presented by Mr Bruce to the Melbourne Museum on con- dition of the Government paying the expense (£1U0) of bringing it to town, and reserving the right for the trustees of the British Museum to cut off half at their own expense, will be shovtly sent to, England. The Bendigo A dvertiser hear3 that there is a proba bility of tiie Insurance offices disputing the pay ment of Mr Gaffney's policy for the Londonderry Restaurant, destroyed in the recent fire in Hargreave- street, and that an action at law will likely test the validity of his claim. A ease of attempted smuggling is recorded as follows by the Ovens Con-stituiion of Friday last —"On. Wednesday evening a seizure was made, consisting of about a half hundred of tobacco, some drapery, etc, together with a horse and spring cart, about thirty -five miles from Albury. From infor mation received the same morning, the officer of Customs, accompanied by a tiooper, proceeded up the river a distance of about fifteen or sixteen miles, where they discovered traces of a vehicle hav ing crossed over from the Victoria side of the river. The immediately started in pursuit, and came up to the party aoout eight o'clock in the evening, about twenty miles further on, having tracked them tho greater part of the way through the bush. The seizure was escorted into Albury the following day. The two meu in charge were placed under arrest, and are liable to twelve months wipnaon- ment should they be proceeded against. We have not received the names of the parties charged with smuggling, but believe they came from Sandy Creek." Dr Youl held an inquest at Richmond, on Satur day, upon the body of Rebecca Moloney, a child fifteen months old, who was playing about the street on the preceeding afternoon, when a cab ran over her, killing her on the spot. William Donaldson, the cab-drivor, said he did not see the child till she suddenly appeared in front of the horse, and that though he pulled up as quickly as possible, he could not stop in time to avoid pas sing over the child. A woman, named Sarah Key, who was in the cab- at the time of the accident, and James Jacks who was driving a truck in the street, both corroborated Donaldson's statement. The jury found that deceased was accidentally killed. The following is mentioued by the Herald: — During the travels of Mr M'lutyre, the well known explorer, who has accomplished a journey to Carpen taria overland, he struck a river in a north- westerly direction from Cooper's Creek, which he has named in honour of the Rev Joseph Docker, of Wangarafcta, one of the most generous supporters of the original Victorian expedition. Captain Caleb Anderson has written a letter to the Argus relative to the "lost " boat ques- tion. We extract the following expression of opinion : — " 1. In consequence of the boats being encumbered with passengers' bedding and other- wise out of order, and because no crew had been told off to each boat, and exercised in its duties, so much delay occurred in lowering away that in the meantime the ship had drifted so far away from the drowning man that it was impossible for the boat to find him. Thus the first life was lost. 2. In consequence of the ship having been kept hove-to until the boat was out of sight it was lost. The wind was fair for the ship to keep company with the boat, and if she had been put upon that course in support, instead of being kept hove-to until the boat was out of sight, no accident could have occurred to it. The crews of the mercantile marine, as well as the public, are interested in knowing that the mercantile service is conducted and maintained in a high slate of efficiency ; and, without wishing to im- pute blame to anyone in connexion with this un- fortunate affair, the circumstance should suggest to masters and owners of ships the necessity of maintaining efficient discipline on board their vessels, it they would secure the confidence of the public. The Pastoral Times hears very good accounts of the harvest in the neighborhood. Some of the oats are yielding well. About. 2, 000 bushels off 30 acres have been sold at 6s per bushel. These oats are a prime sample, and weigh 3½ bushels to the three- bushel sack. The Ballaarat Star reports the capture of a suspected highwayman A young man, named William Roberts, supposed by the police to be the person who committed highway robberies under arms in the neighborhood of Ballaarat upon Mr Fleischhauer, Mr Geider, aud Mr Nicholson, at different periods during the last four or five weeks, was arrested by Detective Hudson at the Butchers' Races, yesterday after noon. On his person was found a single-bar relled pistol, capped and loaded. Another young man, named Jienry Buchanan, in his company at the time, was also arrested by De tective Hanuon on a charge of pocket-picking. They will both appear before the District Court to-day. The Pastoral Times has the following, relative to the recent burglary at Deniliq.uin :-r" Since our last, the police captured the third man, John Murphy, otherwise " Peg-leg," supposed to hare been engaged in the. burglary at Mr Evans'. One of the prisoners, Bignell, turned approver, aud told the tale of the burglary ia the unvarnished style reported in our police column. Murphy's share of the spoil was found by Mr Taylor in a stump, and a watch has since been sent back by post. Mr Evans may be thankful that his loss is reduced frpip £300 to a few pounds, whilst tfie town congratulates itself on getting rid of dan- gepys ukwacters, 