THE CONFEDERATE WAR STEAMER "SHENANDOAH." (From the Melbourne Argus, January 27.) THE Confederate sloop-of-war " Shenandoah," which so unexpectedly made her appearance in our waters on Wednesday, has obtained permis- sion from the Government to coal, provision, and effect the necessary repairs to her machinery. Sir Charles Darling, on receiving the formal request forwarded by Captain Waddell imme- diately upon his arrival, summoned a meeting of the Executive for eleven o'clock on Thursday morning. There was a full attendance of the Cabinet; and so anxious were the Government to preserve the neutrality of the port, that, though the instructions received from England directly after the "Alabama" episode at the Cape are explicit and full, more than two hours were spent in deliberation before a decision was arrived at Captain Waddell applied for leave to coal, to provision, and to effect repairs to his machinery, which he alleged were seriously out of order. The regulations name forty-eight hours as the limit of a vessel's stay, but this term can be extended to allow her to repair bona fide damages. The Ministers, therefore, felt at liberty to accede to the request ; but they re- quired Captain Waddell to report the repairs his ship needed, that their own officers might judge the time that ought to be allowed him. Captain Waddell was notified, also, that he could not be permitted to leave port within twenty-four hours of the departure of any American vessel. A further request made, for permission to land prisoners, was not acceded to, but fuller information was asked for. We understand, however, that this point hes been satisfactorily and expeditiously solved by the "captives "quietly landing on our shores. The " Shenandoah " had with her as prisoners eight men, besides Captain Nicholls, master of the " Delphine," Mrs. Nicholls, and the stewardess. The men went ashore, but the ladies were taken to the "Jeannie Payne," an American ship lying in the bay, and it is said that their fervently expressed wishes were not for the welfare of their captors. The "Shenandoah" is a handsome smart looking steam sloop, of 1260 tons register, fitted with a lifting screw and engines of 240 horse- power. Built for the mercantile service, she looks a merchantman, though the guns which now peep from her sides tell unmistakeably of her changed character ; and the gay flag at the gaff — a cross of stars in a red square on a white ground — leaves no doubt of her nationality. She has a fine sweep of upper deck, on which she carries her armament. This consists of four smooth-bore sixty-eight-pounders, and two thirty-two-pounder rifled Whitworths, together with two smooth-bore eighteen-pounders, used principally as signal-guns. Her battery, it will be seen, is not a large one, though the guns which she has are of the first-class — for sixty eight-pounders are accounted the best of smooth- bores, and the rifled Whitworths possess a range of above three miles. The officers have commo- dious quarters in the old "saloon," the captain has possession of the two roomy stern cabins, ad the prizes have supplied more than a man- of-war's allowance of furniture. The 'tween decks are unusually lofty — eight feet in height; and as there are no guns below, the crew have a great lofty space reserved for their use. Cushioned seats, a work-table, and other like spoils of therenemy, figure below as well as above. The vessel went to sea with barely a sufficient crew to work her ; and though she has picked up many men from her prizes, yet she is still short-handed, her total muster being only seventy-five men. Captain Waddel is the very representative of the frank seaman associated with all our ideas of nautical matters, and he is surprisingly young-looking, considering that he is an officer of twenty-three years' standing in the United States navy. He held a commission when the secession took place, but at once resigned and left, to fight the battles of his native North Carolina. Her officers also make a favourable impression on all who meet them. They are mostly young men, though some of them have seen service in the "Alabama." Mr. J. S. Bullock, the master, was master ; Mr. O'Brien, the engineer, was assistant engineer ; and Mr. W. B. Smith, paymaster, was captain's clerk, on board that far-famed cruiser, and were in her that fatal Sunday when Captain Sommes showed his "pluck" and lost his ship. As to the crew, they are certainly not the men one would expect to meet on board — not men whom the "vile blows and buffets of the world" have led to set their lives on any chances on the contrary, most of them are Englishmen of decent appearance, while there are also some smart Americans, and two or three sleek-looking negroes. The men are fed well and paid well and they one and all say that they like the service and believe in their com- mander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, the dress of the officers not being at all unlike the one worn a few years back by the Victorian Volunteer force. As regards the ship, she is declared to be remarkably fast, both under steam and canvas — "a good thirteen knot boat." There is no doubt that she is identical with the Clyde-built Chinese steam clipper "Sea King," known to be one of the fastest vessels of her class afloat. The "Sea King" recently cleared out of the East India Docks, London, for Bombay, and was reported by our last English advices to have shipped Captain Semmes at Funchal Bay, and subsequently to have run on a rock and become a total wreck. The particulars which we subjoin show that these reports, though very inaccurate in detail, agree with the fact that the missing "Sea King" is the cruiser now representing the Confederated States in these Southern seas. Besides this, as we have said, the letters "ing" are plainly to be seen on her head boards, and her figure-head is a crowned monarch of the main. The " Sea King," we may remark, is no stranger on the coast. She was employed last year by the British Government to convey troops to New Zealand, and made one of the shortest runs out to Auckland on record. A short history of the doings of the vessel — doings which read like the old deeds of Drake and Raleigh, on the Spanish Main —will be acceptable to our readers. On the 8th of October last, the fast new steamer "Laurel" left Liverpool, with a good compliment of cabin passengers on board, "likely- looking young men," as the pilot pronounced them. Friday, the 14th of October, found the " Laurel" safely moored in Funchal Bay, Madeira. People there said she was a blockade-runner. So she was, but she had other work to perform in this instance. People wondered too, that the passengers did not go on shore ; but they were satisfied with an explanation that they were "Polish immigrants," without money ; some Poles, on their way to Richmond, having stopped there a few weeks previously, and having left with professions of total inability to pay the debts they incurred. On Monday, the 17th of October, a ship-rigged vessel came into the harbour and steamed out again. This natu- rally excited suspicion. Next morning the vessel came in sight again. Captain Waddell, it is facetiously said, had an idea that she might be for sale, and therefore he steamed out after her with the "Laurel." Both vessels anchored in smooth water, on the east side of the island, both under the English flag. Here the strange ship was purchased — £45,000 is the price named — and here the "Laurel" tran- shipped her cargo into her. The ship then stood out to sea, and when far beyond the neutral marine league Captain Waddell sum- moned the crew aft, and read his commission as commander of the Confederate sloop-of-war "Shenandoah," ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve the neutral regulations, not one of the packages received from the "Laurel" was broken. Captain Waddell had only twenty three men, all told, with him ; a number which, after deducting officers, firemen, &c.;, left him only five men in each watch ; while the ship was unarmed, and the packages having been hurriedly put on board, everything was in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Running under topsail, the fore- sail, and the jibs by day — all the canvas the crew could work — and steaming by night, the "Shenandoah" was taken as quickly as possible to one of the "calm spots," which exist in mid-ocean in the trades. Here it was felt that the ship was secure, as no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, and it was not likely that cruisers would be looked for in latitudes so unproductive of prey. The officers took off their jackets, and all hands setting to with a will, the ship was speedily got in trim, and commenced her operations. The cruising ground selected was in the track of vessels bound for the South American ports. On the 29th of October work was really com- menced. In the morning, royals and stunsails were set in chase of a barque. At one o'clock the chase was two miles distant, English colours were shown, and the barque replied with the Yankee flag. Confederate colours were then hoisted, and the barque was hove-to and examined. She was the barque "Alina," Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of rail- way iron. After removing the crew and stores, scuttled her. The crew numbered ten men, eight of whom joined the " Shenandoah." The cargo was valued at 38,000 dollars ; the barque, which was only six months old, at 60,000 dollars. On the 5th November steam was got up in chase of a large schooner. At half-past seven a.m. fired a gun at her, when she hove-to. She showed the star and stripes. Proved to be the "Charles Oak," Gillman, master, bound from Boston to San Francisco, with an assorted cargo. Sup- plied the ship with stores from her, including 2000 lbs. weight of preserved tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, and also her sister, the widow of a Northern corporal, killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladies. Private property was respected, but 200 dollars found on the master were confiscated. Captain Waddell gave the money, in the name of the Confederacy, to the master's wife, on her promising that she would not restore it to her husband. The woman promised eagerly. Burnt the vessel, which was a new one. On the 7th November, chased and captured the barque "D. Godfrey," from Boston to Valparaiso, with a miscellaneous cargo, inoluding 400 barrels of beef and pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of the crew entered for service with the "Shenandoah." Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound for Rio. The brig took off two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of receiving a chro- nometer, a barrel of beef, and a barrel of pork — all prize articles. At daylight on November 10, sighted the clipper brig "Susan," bound to the River Plate, with a cargo of coals. The "Susan" waa scuttled at half-past ten a.m., and sank, bows first, so perpendicularly that the main-truck was under the water while the stern was above the surface. On the evening of the 11th a ship was sighted from the masthead, on the port beam. Her bearings were taken, and a course shaped to cut her off. Proved to be the American ship "Kate Prince," bound to Bahia, with 1700 tons of coal. Cargo was sworn to be neutral ; Captain Waddell therefore determined to bond the vessel. The captain having signed the bonds, the vessel was released, and the prisoners on board the " Shenandoah," thirteen in number, were transferred to her. On the 13th of November the schooner "Lizzie M. Stacey " was captured and burned. One of her crew was a negro, who met another captured negro on board, a man he had parted with a few weeks back at a boarding-house in New York. Their surprise was comical. November 24, signalled a barque with her mast- head gone, but she would not answer. The "Shenandoah" was then making eleven knots under reefed topsails — a fact which proves her great speed. The next day or so bore down under all canvas and a full head of steam after a singularly-rigged vessel, which proved to be an English man-of-war. She took no notice of the chase. It is believed to be the corvette "Brisk," now at Adelaide. Without entering further into detail, it may be stated that the "Shenandoah," when she runs in chase, displays any colours, English or French, and that her men sometimes don blue shirts, that their grey attire may not arouse suspicion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship dur- ing the daytime, and at night they are locked in the forecastle and handcuffed. The following is a correct list of the vessels captured and des- troyed by the "Shenandoah"— " Alina," barque,-Staples, roaster, from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, cargo of railway iron. Scuttled 29th October, latitude 16 47' S., longi- tude, 26-43- W. "Charter Oak," schooner, from Boston for San Francisco, assorted cargo. Burnt 6th No- vember, latitude 788' N., longitude 27'49- W. " D. Godfrey," barque,- Hallet, master, from Boston to Talpa raiso, assorted cargo Burnt 7th November, latitude 6-28' N., longi- tude 276- W. " Susan," brig, - Hansen, master, from Nev York, to Birer Plate. Scuttled 10th No- vember, latitude 4-20' N., longitude 26 39- W. "Kate Prinoe," for Bahia, neutral cargo (coals). Ship bonded 12th November. « Adelaide," barque, of Baltimore, to Biver Plate, neutral cargo. Ship bonded for 23,000 dollars. " Lissie Bf. Stacey," schooner, New York to Sandwich Islands, assorted cargo. Burnt 13th November, latitude 1-40- N., longtitude 28 24 West. " Edward," whaling vessel. Burnt 4th De- cember, latitude 87'47 S., longitude 12-40. W. " Delphine," barque, from London for Akyab. Burnt 29Ui December, latitude 29-10- S., longi- tude 69' E. AU the American ships in the bay bare taken the alarm. Usually profuse in their display of bunting, they did not yesterday allow the stars and stripes to flutter tn the bréese at all. Visi- tors showed their Southern sympathies by cheer- ing the " Shenandoah " heartily as they took their departure from her. 