ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. from our sydney corrkspondkst. F3y Electiuc Telegraph."! The following telegram was received on Mon day evening, and circulated amongst our town subscribers./ The Wonua Wonga, branch steamer, with the English mail, arrived ut Glenelg to-day at noon, after encountering heavy gales. The September mails were delivered in London, those via Marseilles on the 14th, .and those via Southampton the 20th November. Earl Derby is seriously ill. I Mailer, the murderer, has been executed. He acknowledged his guilt. Lord Duffe'iin is appointed Under Secretary for India. Lord Lyons ha3 resigued his ambassadorship ut Washington. The Governmeut intend disbanding ten regi ments. Several Federal agents have been fined for re cruiting at Liverpool. Irish immigration has almost ceased: A new bishopric has been established at Otngn. Garibaldi has declined to receive the yacht the English people offered. The desirability of an European Congress is again causing disrussion. Several atrocious murders have been committed - during tho mouth. \- Bank of England discount seven -per cent. Government debentures ninety- eight to one hundred. Exports have largely increased. Wool has declined a halfpenny to one penny on August sales. No prospect of improvement. Tallow dull.. The French have been successful in Algeria. Fresh'disturbnnces in Yenetin. Austria has informed the Pontificul Powers of her intention to recognise the Italian kingdom. Tho Danish Parliament has approved of the peace' treaty by a large majority. The Italian Parliament intends removing to Florence. The terras of the Canadian Federation are com pleted. President Lincoln has been re-elected by a majority of three thousand. The Republicans curried the principal elections. The Confederate Congress express a wish for peace negotiations. General Grant has been repulsed before . Rich mond. General Sherman destroyed Atlanta, and in tends attacking Charleston landward. Gold 1.37. LATEST NEWS. | Via Sufz. December 3. — Commercial affairs much im proved. .President Lincoln intends sending a peace com mission to Richmond. Nothing definite from the scat of war. 