AKRIYAL OF THE NOVEMBER MAIL FROM EUROPE. The Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany's steamship Madras, Captain Far- quhar, arrived in Hobson's Bay about two o'clock this morning. The Madras left Galle on the 26th of December, and reached King George's Sound at six a.m. on the 11th inst. She left the Sound at midnight on the 11th, and has made the passage to her anchorage in the Bay in six days and two hours. We make the following extracts from the lettet of our London corre- spondent : LONDON, Nov. 20. TRANSPORTATION TO AUSTRALIA TO BE ABANDONED. The Australians may congratulate them- selves on Laving achieved a notable vlotory over the Imperial Government. The present mail will no doubt take out, to the various colonial Governments, pacifying assurances in respect to the early discontinuance of convict transportation to Western Australia. On the reassembling of Parliament, a bill is to be introduced authorizing the adoption of that step by the authorities. This is no more than I expected, from the decided tone of public feeling on tho subject, and the con- viction I entertained that the Home Go- vernment would not long persist in a policy so Tepugnant to all classes of Uer Majesty's subjects. The tidings by the 7ast mall respecting the interco- lonial bonndory qu »riel has produced a very apprehensive feeling hero. Would not a timely confederation of the colonies, like that now projected by Canada, or, at least, a com- mercial Zollverein, bo the best preventive of these incipient feuds ? THE TRIAL, CONFESSION, AND EXE- CUTION OF MULLER. I give the precedence to this tragical sub- ject, becauso it has been foremost in the public mind during the greater part of tho month. Ordinarily, after the trial and con- viction of a murderer, beyond a few feeble echoes from the condemned cell, the fate of the wretched being passes out of people's thoughts, until they are reminded of the closing act in the legal drama by the cries of "the last dying speech and confession" of the culprit shouted through our streets. There was no such speedy oblivion for Franz Muller. Probably no murder ever created a greater or more sustained sensation than that of Mr. Briggs ; its mystery, tho celerity with which it was committed, the »pparentimpuis sance of the suspected criminal, and the other extraordinary circumstances surrounding it, not only exciting interest among every class of society in Englund, but extending to Germany and to America. No prisoner over had more sympathy exhibited in his behalf than was sbown to Muller, in spite of the horror InBpired by his crime. Had he been rich as Croesus, more could not have been done for him ; for, instead of a formal brief being banded to counsel for the defence, he had the organized machinery of a socioty-the German Legal Protection Society-working in his behalf, employing the most astute lawyers that could be obtained. And, undisc imaged by their failure at the tiial to establish the innocence of their client, they continued to agitate the question with growing pertinacity down to the very eve of the execution ; and bad not tho wretched man confessed his guilt at the last moment, the controversy would, no doubt, be raging now, with augmented fierceness and bitterness. All Germany was moved in tbo interest of its unworthy son. The utmost excitement pre- vailed. It was made a national question. Muller was looked upon as the victim of British ill-will towards Germany, in conse- quence of her Danish atrocities. Judges, jury, the press, the people, were all repre- sented as leagued together by one common sentiment of hatred- of which tho poor Teutonic tailor was to be the scapegoat ; and one Frankfort paper went so far as to inti- mate that the name of Franz Muller would be a by-word of approbrium against Eng- land for years to como. At Frankfort an address to the Queen had been signed by a number of the inhabitants, praying for a respite of the prisoner; the Dake of Saxe-Welmar telegraphed to his agent In London, directing him to second in every possible way the exertions of the German Society; and other irregular stops wera adopted for tho purpose of arresting the course of justice. But the principal efforts to obtain a'respite, and virtually a new trial, wore initiated by the German Protection Society, tho leading members of which are strongly opposed to capital punishment under any circum- stances. This organization of foreigners challenged the verdict and sentence of the Court, and disputed the validity of evidence which had been laboriously sifted before a most painstaking and conscientious tribunal. And while thus casting discredit upon the testimony for the prosecution, they snowed how little competent they were to discbaige the functions of a jury themselves, by renning agape after evoiy idle tale which the credulous or the mischievous chose to put into circulation. There were at least three anonymons letters in print, oach purpoitlng to be from the real murderer, and expressing inconsolable Borrow that an innocent man should suffer In their stead. There was a very ominous tale afloat about a cab, containing four persons, which passed through Edmonton some hours after the murder was committed. One of the men had a broken head, and another in passing threw against the window of a trades- man a parcel, which, on being opened, was found to contain a pair of bloody trousers, And in connexion with this affair, a chemist living near the Victoria-park stated that a young man, with a wound on the back of the head, bad come to his shop, with some com- panions, about half-past ten or eleven on the bume night. These circumstances, until ox plained, excited considerable interest and ca- riosity. Thon it was alleged that the pedlar hod been found, of whom Muller declared that he had bought the watch and chain, at the entrance to the London Docks, on the Mon- day morning. Even tho little " brown dog" was captured which flew at a boy on the occasion when Muller stepped up into the omnibus which took him to Grace Church-street. If seveial equivocal wit- nesses wore to be credited, thon Muller would have failed to reach the train by which Mr. Briggs travelled by about ten or "fifteen minutes ; but admitting that they made a slight mistake in tho time of certain occurrences, and Muller and Mr. Briggs were clearly proved to have been in close proximity just before the tragic mo- ments. Thus unwittingly did the friends of the accused Bnpply the missing links which, in the opinion of most persons, rendered the evidence of his guilt complete. These, and a large array of other facts, Burmises, and ex- tenuating circumstances, were embodied in a memorial to the Home Office, praying for a respite of Muller's sentence, in order that his caso might be reconsidered. It was presented on Friday, the 11th, and on the following day Sir Georgo Grey's reply was published. He therein expresBed his regret that, after carefully considering the state- ments therein contained, and comparing them with the report of evidence given at the trial, and after full communication with the learned judges before whom the proceedings took place, ne saw no ground which could justify bim in advising Her Majesty to inter- fere with the due course of the law in this caBe. Thus was the door of hope irrevocably closed upon the doomed man. Mr. Beard lost no time in seeing him, and apprising him of the final decision. Moller received tho ' fateful announcement with the calmness and composure which had scarcoly for a moment forsaken him. He remarked, " I did not ex- pect anything else ;" and when exhorted to confesa, his reply was, " I should be a very bad fellow if 1 had done it ; I have no other statement to make than that which I have already made." He practised so success- fully upon the feelings of Hho Rev. Mr. Battescombe, who had au interview with him, that the rev. gentleman declarod, " I feel this man is as innocent of this crime as I am." Giving an account of this inter- view, Mr. Battet-combe writes that Muller said he believed God bad permitted all this to happen that he might be brought to a sense of the guilt of lila past life-his dis- obedience to his parents-his entire neglect of prayer-his dissoluto life-so that, though he now was Buffering so unjiiBtly, yet through this heavy trial, this agouislng prospect, he had again been led to prayer (for he said as a child he used to pray, but had grown up in most sinful neglect of prayer). " Since I have been hero," he said, " I have prayed more than I over did before,, I am hapny. I feel peace within, I expect to die, but I will «rite something, and it may please God after my death to bring the truth to light. I am happy to see friends here, but I do not want them. I like to be alone. This book I read (putting his hand on the Bible) ; I read this continually. Look at that beautiful hymn," he said. It was " Just us I am, w Itttout ono ploa, But that Thy blood «as shod for mo, And that Thou bld'st mo como to Thoo O Lamb of Qod I 1 elmo." '" Ah ! " he said, " had I lived in America, I fear I should have gone on in the same sinful way. But thus God has brought me to a sense of my sins. I am happy; I never was so happy." He was referred to the caso of David, who, through temptation, was led into the sins of adultery and murder, but was brought to the confession of his sins, and then received tho blessed assurance that " the Lord had put away thy sin ; thou sholt not die." " Now, Muller," Bald the clorgyman, " if through covetousness, when you saw that gold chain, when you were in the railway carriage, you Baid to youiself, ' I must have it by some means, and thero are no other means but this,' and then you struck the fatul blow-0, if it were so, still, as upon confession of his sins David found mercy, BO would you, confessing the sin for which you are condemned to die." " Oh," he said, " I would indeed confess had I committed it, if for the Bako of my parents only, that they Bhould not think I could die with a lie on my lips j but how eau I expect mercy through the Lord Jesus Christ if I were to deny this, while 1 confess all, all my other sins. " Confession (he said) will not eave me; but would I lose all hope of future mercy by refusing to confess this sin, if I were guiity of it? No-I know nothing about it. How can I, to satisfy others, confess a crime I have not committed ?" The murderer's confession was obtained through the instrumentality of a German clergyman, Dr. Louis Cappol, minister of the Lutheran Chapel, in Goodman's-fields ne had not been many days in communication with the prisoner, having paid his first visit to the gaol on the Thursday preceding the ex- ecution; but his kindness, tenderness, and fidelity, so won Mullers confidence that he entreated him with tears to remain with him to the last. Dr. Cappel appeared to have formed the opinion that ho was most sincere and earnest in his prayers and religious exercises, and thought that he was not at all to bo considered in the light of an or- dinary murderer, and he came to the con- clusion that the offence waB unpremeditated. With this view, upon one occasion, when the prisoner Btated he was innocent, he replied that privately he considered ho was not guilty of tho crime of wilful murder, because he had been tempted by the sightof Mr. Biiggj' watch and chain to contemplate the offence of robbery, and that the unfortunate gentleman met his death during a struggle, and after blows "had been exchanged, and that he eithor fell or was pushed out of the railway carriage. To this the prisoner, who was evidently some- what off his guard, replied that he believed the affair took place something in that manner. Dr. Cappel was with tho prisoner a consi- derable portion of Sunday. Moller was pre- sent at the service at the chapel both in the morning and the evening, and appeared to pay great attention to tho discourse delivered by the Ordinary, the Rev. Mr. Davis, but there did not appear to be the least indication of his giving way. He was still calm and composed, and asserted his innocence of the crime. It was the opinion of Dr. Cappel that he was actuated by the most intense desire to live, and that, believing that his only chance of escape was by persisting in declaring hisiuno nence, he formed the resolution in his own mind to do so down to the very last moment, imagining that by such a course of conduct he should create a belief in his innocence in the breasts of the authorities, and that he should obtain a reprieve. How well he car- ried out this détermination will bo seen from the fact that the admission of guilt was only wrung from him when the rope was about his neck, when the executioner had retired from the platform, having almost completed his dreadful duty, and was about to draw the bolt, and that the admission of guilt was almoBt simultaneous with the falling of the drop which deprived the culprit of existence. The Holy Sacrament was administered to the culprit at his request on Sunday by Dr. Cappel, but.it is painful to relato that even this solemn ceremony had no effect in soften- ing the prisoner, who still persisted in as- serting his innocence, or rather in deny- ing his guilt!; Dr. Cappel, in tho course of the evening, urged him most earnestly to speak the truth, reminding him that he was on the brink of eternity, and that he must shortly appear before MB God, to whom all secrets were known, and he earnestly urged bim for the sake of his hopes hereafter to speak the truth ; but all was of no avail, and the rev. gentleman left the prisoner under the influence of a most painful feeling of doubt and uncertainty with regard to his wretched charge, bat still hoping than by God's providence he might yet be brought to a due sense of his condition, and that he would, if really guilty, still confess his oiime. From the hour of six on the morning of execution, the prisoner was engaged in prayer with Dr. Cappel, and to him Muller repeated his observation, " It is no use confessing ; men havo net the power to forgivo sins." Af- terwards Dr. Cappel said to him "These are almost my last words to you. I shall say a few more words of prayer, but shall have little con- versation. You have asked mo to come with you to the scaffold. The last question I shall put to you will be, ' Have you done this deed?' I exhort you, by the living God,do not deny it, and be damned." Muller was silent at this When Df. Cappel came out of the cell, after having administered the sacra- ment to Muller, he said to Mr. Jonas, "I feel almost certain he will confess at the last mo- ment." During the inteiview the culprit had repeatedly clang to him, and cried, with tears in his eyes and voice, that he was his only friend. The laBt moments in the terrible tragedy aro thus described by The Times: " Shortly before eight o'clock, tho sheriffs and under-sheriffe, with Mr. Jonas, the go- vernor of Newgate, and Mr. Gibson, the prl Bon surgeon, proceeded from the Sessions house to the gaol. Pausing for a few moments In an open court-yard, tboy awaited the coming of the convict, A side door was opened, and Muller presented himself, at- tended by a warder. He was palo, but marvellously oalm and collected, and he walked briskly across the court- yard to the press-room, followed by the authorities. There he was pinioned by the executioner, and underwent the ordeal with unshaken courage. While all about him were visibly touched, not a muscle in his face moved, and he showed no signs of emotion. He was docile withal, and respectful in his demeanour. Again and again Dr. Cappel ap- proached him, und sought to sustain him by the nso of encouraging words. The convict repeat- ing the words after the rev. gentleman, re- peatedly said, in Oerman, ' Ohrißt. the Limb of God, have mercy upon me.' The process of pinioning over, Mr. Jonas, the governor, approached the convict, and asked him to take a seat, but he declined to do so, and re- mained standing until tho prison bell began to toll which was to summon him to the scaffold. As he remained in that attitude ono could not help being struck with the re- markable appearance of physical strength which his figure denoted, and still, more by his indomitable fortitude. Thongh short in stature, ho was compactly and symmetrically made, and thero were vory striking indica tlonVof vigour about his chest, arms, hands, and the back part of his neck in particular. His clothes were well made, and he was dressed with remarkable neatness. When the executioner was removing the necktie and shirt collar. In arranging which much care appeared to havo been bestowed, the convict held up his head to allow of his doing it with more ease. This waB ahmt the last of the preparations. A signal was given by the governor, and the Rev. Mr. Davis, the ordinary, led the way to the scaffold, reading, as he did so, some of the 'preliminary verses of the Burial Service. He was followed by the convict, and tho VLtv. Dr. Cappel, and then by the sheriffs and under sheriffs. He ascended the scaffold with a firm step, accompanied by Dr. Dappil, and as he did so the multitude, on his being confronted with them, raised a mighty and indes:rib able hum. At this moment the sun shone brightly, though rain had fallen more or less all througii the night. After the convict had been placed upon the drop and the ropj adjusted round his neck, Dr. Cappel, address- ing him with great animation and solemnity, said, ' In a few moments, Muller, you will stand before God ; I ask you again, and for tho luBt lime, arc you guilty or innocent ?' He replied, 'I am innocent.' Dr. Cappel said,'You are innocent?' repeating his own words in the form of a question. Muller an- swer ed, 'God Almighty knows what I have dono.' Dr. Cappe), ' God Almighty knows what you have done?' again repeating the convict's own words; 'Does God know that you have done this particular deed?' Muller replied, ' Yes : I have done it,' speaking in German, in which language tho whole con- versation was conducted. The German ex- pression used by the convict waa,'Ich hube es gethan :' and these were his last wordd. The drop fell, and he soon ceased to live. So greatly relieved was the rev. gentleman by the confession that he rushed from the scaf- fold exclaiming, 'Thank God! thank God I" and sat down in a chair completely ex- hausted by his own emotion." This admission of his guilt, tardy and im- perfect as it was, afforded immense relief to tens of thousands of minds, which for a week or two had been agitated by doubt and uncertainty ; while it, at the same time, pre- vented the bitter and acrimonious discussion which would most certainly havo broken out on platform and in newspapers anl pamphlet«, had the murderer died hugging ' the lie to the last. Dr. Cappel's own impres- sion of the case is thus given, in a lotter to The Times : "The manner in which this crime was committed will never be known. My own firm conviction, derived from the closest per- sonal intercourse with the prisoner, is that murder was not premeditated ; but that Mul- ler, in want of money, and yielding to a sudden temptation, attackod his victim for the sake of robbery, and finished, in the despair of the moment, by killing him, either with his own hands or by causing his fall from the railway carriage. I Tecollect particularly on one occasion, when I represented to him the crime as likely to have taken place in this way, he answered not, but gazed at me intently, and impressed .me at tho time with the belief of the correct- ness of my supposition. I have generally observed that Muller was mostoarnest in pro- testing MB innocence when directly charged with murder. Statements such as having never been in a North London Railway train he made only in answer to pointed questions, and, it seems, in order not to contradict pre- vious similar assertions. ''His manner-simple, gentío, and appa- rently open and trnthful-was such as ossily to deceive even experienced observers, and the wonderful self- possession of this most re- markable character was never more strikingly manifested than by his fencing with words, the rone round his neck and the white cap over his lace, whon about to confess his guilt at the very last moment. " nis last two hours were all peaco and prayer. He repeated what he had Baid before, 'If I died six monthB ago I should have been lost, but now I entirely rely on God's moicy ; I havo done with the world, and am ready to leave it.' He stated all re- cent eventB had at times appeared to him like a vision or a dream, adding that ho had passed in solitude through many torrible hours since his arrest in America. Ha was full of meekness and resignation, forgave freely all his enemies, requested me to write to his father that he should die a happy and repentant man, and spoke in terms of affec- tion and gratitude of the prison official-', par- ticularly of the Rev. Mr. Davis, and Mr. Jonas, the governor." The scene in front of Newgate waa horrible beyond precedent. The daily papen givo detailed and graphic descriptions of the be- haviour of the mob throughout the whole of Sunday night and Monday morning, and they are such as to fill,ono with disgust and loathing for human nature. No country perhaps in the world could furnish a muller mnsB of ruffianism and savagery than that which was collected around Mailer's gallows, to scoff at everything solemn and sacred In life and in death, THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA. The struggle for tho Presidency has, of course, been the all-absorbing ovont of the month, and all the military and naval move- ments which have taken place of late havo been instigated by Mr. Lincoln's electoral necessities. " To be, or not to be," depended mainly on the success or failure of his gene- róla in tho field and his admirals on the rivers. A series of Federal disastors, or even a long continuance of Northern inaction, would have inevitably imperilled Old Abe's re-election. The crodit of tho Administra- tion a few months ago was deplorably low, and the Democrats were having it all their own way. There was a serious schism in the Republican ranks, and many of Mr. Lincoln's old friends were fall- ing from his side. His prospects were gloomy in the extreme. That would never do. Some- thing muBt bo done to recover prestige, and win back alienated friends. What that some- thing was is now a matter of history. Extra- ordinary pressure was put upon the military and naval commanders, who wore exhorted to make desperate efforts to achiove some decided victories over the rebols. The cost in life and treasure must not be taken into account. Win some battles, though hecatombs of victims perish. Energetically was the behest obeyed, and the triumphs at Mobile, at Atlanta, and before Richmond, were the reBult. Although lapse of time has immensely depreciated the value and im- portance of these successes, yet for a season they threw the North into a delirium of de: light, and produced a powerful reactnn of feoling in the public mind. The Confederates were discouraged, and even their friends feared that the paralysis of oxhauBtion had seized upon the Confederacy ; the Democrats lost heart, hope, and unity ; the Republicans resumed their old arrogant and vaunting tone; and every whisper of peace expired. Lincoln, and war to the bitter end, became the rallying cry. But the voracity of the appetite for vic- tories is insatiable. The. cry for blood, Uko that of the horse-leecb, is 'ever, " Give, give !" The excitement, the madness, must be kept up by the announcement of fresh successful exploits, whether two or false. Accordingly, the gonorals were still goaded on to the attack ; but of late, victory seems to have for- saken the Federal banners. Enthusiasm again beginning to wane, it was on the tapis that General Grant was to make a general assault on the Confederate linea, for the sole purpose of influencing popular opinion in favour of Mr. Lincoln. The mea euro was deemed desperate in the extreme ; and it was coolly estimated that, whether it succeeded or not, it would probably involve the sacrifice of 40,000 men. But what are 40,000 men compared with the re-election of the enthroned rail-eplitter? Observe the de- vilish nonchalance with whioh the Federal correspondent of tho Daily News writes on the subject :-" I believe that Grant has abandoned the project of a goneral as- sault on Lee's lines. It was a plan which, successful or unsuccessful, was sure to cost thousands of lives. Little doubt was enter- tained at head qnartors of its success. It was considered all but certain that if large masses of men were hurlod on Lee's long line, at three or four points simultaneously, an en- trance would certainly be effected at one 'of them ; but one member of the ge- neral staff calculated, I havo heard, that it would probably put 10,000 men Kort de combat. Fearful a price as this would be to pay even for Richmond, I believe Giant had made up his mind to pay it if.it had seemed that the public was so impa tlentor disheartened that there was any pro- bability of the Government passing into the hands of the peaco party at the Presidential election. To prevent snob, a result as that, which in the opinions of the Repub- licans, as well as of tho army, would be tantamount to a complete surrender, it was considered that no sacrifice of lifo could be too great ; and I believe it was determined that if the immediato fall of tho enemy's capital seemed necessary to prevent tho North showing the white feather, an attempt should bo made to seize it, though it involvf d the destruction of half the army in the field." Theie wo have the Federaba as painted by one of thomselves. A more hor- rible picture of political ferocity and savage bloodthirstincss it is impossible to conceive. Moloch and Beelzebub between thom have utterly deformed their nature. But it turned out that this destructive assault was not abandoned. This amiable, writer penned the above passage on the 25th of October, and only two days after- wards Grant did make what was designed to become a general assault. There was an advance upon the right and left of .the Confederate lines by himself and Butler simultaneously; but as it issued in a decided whipping, the Federal defeat was tendorly phrased " a reconnais- sance in force," and a good face was put on the affair by the army of liars who are sworn to acknowledge no disaster on the part of the North. But the Federals were severely handled, nevertheless; there was an obsti- nate contest, during which two brigades of Butler's troops were captured ; and after heavy losses in killed and wounded, both of the aggressive generals were com- pelled to fall back to their starting-points, confessing that they found no weak place in the defences of the Confederate capital lu spito of all the attempts to reassure the public mind, and make disagreeable things pleasant, a feeling of deep despondency Bet in, and gold went up in a few days 15 or 20 psr cent. The scene of General Grant's encounter with Lee was the course of the Southside Rail- way, which runs in a generally westerly direction from Petersburg. The Confedérate works, which have been strengthened to an unexpected degree, covered this line ; and Grant is represented as throwing forward three corps-the 9th, 6th, and 2nd-with the intention of flanking them. Tho Southern commander, observing a falso movement, took prompt advantage of it ; and making a sortie from the works interposed between the 2nd and öth corps, when they were discon- nected, driving the former back In confusion, and taking many prisoners. Tho Republican version is. that Grant withdrew his troops to a safer position; but BO incredulous were the northern people of thi8 rose-coloured vie w that ? gold leaped up from 215 to 250. Tho defeat of Butler, at the other extiomity of the line, was even more disastrous ; but as the affair was so calamitous, the details are scrupulously suppressed by the chroniclers of the war. By these serious repulses the Federals are re- duced to inaction. Grant is hutting his men for the winter on the ground which he now occupies; and "beast Butler" sped off to New York, to be in readinesB for any despotio work which his masters might require of bim during the excitements of the election. He has since been appointed military go- vernor of the empire city, to the unspeak ablo disgust and indignation of tho citizens. The pretended dread of riot and outrage was the pretext for this tyrannical measure. BATTLES OF THE SHENANDOAH. But if the Federals have sustained a heavy reverse and humiliation in Virginia, their favourite general, Sheridan^has won a very brilliant though barren victory in the She- nandoah Valley. Considering that this is tl¡e only marked success achieved by tho Northern arms for somo time past, no wonder that it has been the theme of extravagant eulogy and continuous exultation. The sup- plementary telegram despatched from London on the 2nd inst. reported a victory by Early over the Federal forces near Strasburg; and swift on the heels of these tidings came a private telegram, published in one of the Manchester papers, asserting tile total rout of Early'a army. Few persons believed in the authenticity of the news, so ex- clusively forwarded. A day or two, how- ever, confirmed it, and supplied expla- nations of the sudden change in the relative position of the belligorents in the valley, once so rich and fruitful, but now de- vastated and blasted by the Vandals of the North, for the purposo of rendering it im- passable hy tho Confederate troops. This work of desolation, undertaken by Grant's orders, waa carried out daring Sheridan's retreat some two months agp. As he retreated, Early advanced, pressing upon his rear, and harassing him with the Southern cavalry. At length, finding himself inconveniently pressed by his pursuers, Shoridan turned upon them, and defeated them iu a sharp cavalry fight, capturing eleven guns and all their ambulances, waggons, and forges. Thus relieved for a while, he took up a position outside Strasburg ; "and it was be- lieved that he was instructed to detach a por- tion of his' force, and forward it to Grant, to co operate in somo meditated movemeat against Richmond. ' The Confederate general in the meantime, it appears, had been reinforced. He had gained reliahlo information, too, of the weakening of Sheridan's forces, and resolved on "smashing him up." A favourable opportunity arrived on the 19th of October, and which he used with-great skill and dash. Sheridan had gone to Washington for consultation with General Grant. An attack had been appre- hended for several days, but as it had not come the intention was supposed to have been abandoned, and the Federals re- lapsed into a state of nnwatchfulness. The army lay between Winchester and Strasburg, on the north side of a large brook, known as Cedar Run. At three o'clock in the morning of the 10th, favoured by a dense fog, Early rushed down on the foe, while all but the pickets and sen- tries were asleep. He massed three divisions of infantry on the Federal loft, the men car- rying only their arms and ammunition, and leaving behind their very canteons, lest their clinking should give the alarm. Thus was the furious onset mado. The surprise was complete, and nearly ruinous. The left wing was driven pell-mell out of its camp in amazed confusion, somo of the men being taken or killed in their tents, and in their very blankets. Gnns were abandoned because thoro was no time to put to tho horsos, much less to open fire upon the enemy. A feint on tho Federal right did not much damage, though it added to tho general bewilderment and panic. Something like organization was accomplished after a while, and a retreating fight began, But so signal was tho Confederate advantage that they could not be arrested by the troops in line, and even the 19th Corps began to waver. Many unused Runs had to bo aban- doned, three general officers and many field officers had been killed or wounded, and the prospeots of the day were very gloomy. At this juncture, Goneral Wright, who was in command, ordered the Bixth corp3 to ad- vance against the Confederate centre. Wheeling round steadily, and opening its ranks to let the shaken* 10th pass through, it opened fire, showed stoady front, and at once checked the triumphant ruBh of the enemy. But the backward movement of the whole Uno had to bo kept up until a crest was reached, about fonr miles from the point of first attack. Here both armies stop nod to breathe; and at that juncture the Federals were, on their own confession, utterly beaten and demoralized, with a lops of twenty guns, and a large number of prisoners. But a strange change-a total reversal- was at hand. At this crisis of disaster, a single horseman is Fern approaching. A cheer comes from the extremity of the Federal line, and spreads from , rank to rank, He noars, and Sheridan is re- , cognized with joy. He bad slept the previous , night at Winchester, twelve miles off; had heard the sound of tho cannon, and had , gallopped off to see what was up. His pre- , senco restored the Federal fortunes, and j turned the tide of battle. In his own words, | ho " took the matter in hand " at once, j The nowB of his arrival and purposo Bproad backwards among the stragglers, many of , whom gained heart and returned. O tho ra , were brought back. The Uno of battle was re- ( formed ; and, with the 6th corps in the centra, the reanimated 19th on the right, Crook's j division on the left, and the cavalry on the ex , treme wings, at three o'clock in the afternoon Shoridan charged straight upon the hitherto , victorious Confederates. Protected by breast- works hastily thrown up, and flushed with . success, they fought splendidly, but in vain. , After a stubborn resistance, thoy were Bwept, J right, left, and centre, from the field, leavlntc . behind them the guns thoy had taken, and . thirty besides; thoy were driven headlong through Strasburg, pursuod by the Fedoral ¡ cavalry, until darkness spread around them . its protecting wings. Although thus ulti- mately victorious, the Federals lost 5,000 men in theso battles, and gained nothing beyond an accession of prestige, for bath armies occupy about the same positions they had previous to these conflicts. The Con- federates havo been reinforced, and, it is said, are preparing for a flank movement Into Pennsylvania. For some time, this sudden doubling-up of a triumphant Confederate army by a routed and dispirited force was utterly unaccount- able both to friends and foes. The mystery was, however, explained by nn order issued to his army by General Early, in which ho bitterly bewails the losa of a ereat suc- cess, and scolds his soldiers roundly for tho reverse, which bo ascribes entirely to their " disgraceful propensity for plunder," and to their "needless panic." Sheridan, moan while, is the military, idol of tho North. ARMING THE SLAVES. The South appears to be seriously enter- taining the question of arming the slaves, offering to the survivors their freedom and fifty acres of land. This project,' if carried oat, will vastly augment the carnage of the war and further ombittor the hostility of the I combatants; but, while cutting up slavery, root and branch,it will conciliate to the Confo federate cause thousands of thoughtful men who have all along persisted in believing that the South has been fighting for slavery, and slavery alone-not for political independ- ence. It will bo an indubitable proof of their sincerity. President Davis, howover, ia a recent speech, declines to resort to their mili- tary aid nt present. But áO.OOO ore to be en- rolled for camp service. THE RE-ELEOTION OF MR. LINCOLN. The supreme crisis has been passed. All doubt as to whose hands will have the shaping of tho destinies of the Ropublic for tho noxt four years is at an end. It is understood that ho has a numerical majority of at least 400.C0O votes; and that in the Electoral Col- lege there aro 213 Republicans against 21 De- mocrats. Under tho Constitution the candi- date must either gain or lose each State as a whole, tho minority not counting beyond its limits ; and Mr. Lincoln has a clear victory in all tho States except three-namely, New Jersey, Kentucky, and Delaware. By what means this crushing majority has been swollen may be guessed from the fact that Louisiana, Tennessee», and Maryland-in every one of which the bulk of the population hate the verylname of Lincoln -are counted among the supporters of tho Republican ticket. By this national net, the people and politicians of the North are committed to a relentless perse- verance in those measures for tho subjugation of the South which have hitherto proved BO futile. Mr. Soward, at Auburn, has declared war to extermination. The Democrats have also been defeated in several of the S-ato elections. Mr. Seymour is to be deposed as Governor of Now York by Mr. Fenton. The elections passed off with tolerable quiet, THE CONFEDERATE STATES. A bill has been introduced into the Confe- derate Congress enlisting all white men bo tween eighteen and forty-fivo, and revoking all exemptions. The Confederate Congress has reassembled The speech delivered by President .Davis on the occasion was defiant intone. Hofavourubly reviews the military, financial, and material situation of the country. President Davis con sidei s the disregard of recognition by European nations as remarkable, B1 nee the French and English Governments had long since ex- pressed their conviction that the Unitod States were unablo to conquer the Confede- racy. The South disclaims any desire for In- tervention, and mistrusts its advantages. It Reeks no favour, and wishes no intervention. It knows itself competent to maintain ita rights and independence. England, in 1862, refused recognition on the ground that any action of the British Government would in- flame the passions of the belligerents, and pre- vent the return ofpeace. Experience (continues President Davis) Bhovvs this opinion to bo erro neoue, as the result is the ruvoiso of what the British Ministry humanely desired. A con- trary policy, just to the South, is still withla the power of tho British Government, and would produco consequences tiie opposite of thoBo, which have followod its courde since the commencement of the war. Peace was imposBiblo without independence. It was not to be expected that the North would antici- pate the neutial powers in the recognition of the independence of the South. History would be unable for those résous to absolve tho European nations from a share in the moral responsibility for the unnecessary liveB that had been sacrificed during the war. The Government adequately provides for a foreign loan, if only rated sixponco in the pound. President Davis recommends the Government to purchase the slaves it employs, engaging to give them freedom at the termination of their Bervico, rather than impressment for a short period. Ho also suggests that the num- ber of slaves employed by the Govern- ment be increased to 40,000, and employed as engineers, labourers, and pioneers. This number, hy preparatory training, will form a more valuable reservo, in caso of emergoncy, than a larger number suddenly called from field labour. Beyond this limit and these employments it does not seem' desirable to go, The President disapproves of a general levy and arming of tho slaves ; but, should the alternative be presented of subjugation or the employment of slaves as soldiers, no doubt exists what would then be his decision. The Seuth was willing to negotiate for a peaceful solution, but tho Federal Government expressed its determi- nation to make no peace except on terms of Southern Bubmission and degradation, leaving no hope for the cessation of hostilities until tho Northern delusion of ability to conquer the South is dispelled. LATEST NEWS. This morning brings us intelligence from New York to tho ICth inBt. Little of Im- portance had occurred before Richmond. The Confederates are said to havo made an unsuccessful attempt to pierce Grant's lines, but no particulars are given. As the Dutch Gap Canal was completed, it was thought that Grant would shortly again attack tho Confederate capital. Conor al Sheridan's army was encamped near Winchester, watched narrowly by tho Confederates under Early. A cavalry reconnaissance had been repulsed hy the Federals. The position of General Sherman was the subjeot of much specula- tion. Hie movements were unknown, and no despatches had been received from bim, or, at least, were not made public in Now York. General M'Clellan's resignation had been accepted. Butler had left New York and returned to the Jamoa River. The Talla- hassee had managed to eludo the Federal vessels by which Bhe was pursued off tho North Carolina coast. The last quotation of gold was 137i prem. , SPIRIT OF THE PRESS. THE TRANSPORTATION QUESTION. (FKOSr TUE TIMES.) Our laBt intelligence from the Australian colonies encourage us to hope that no rash Bteps are yet bolng taken thero In reference lo the convict question. It is one of the dif- ficulties of colonial government, as Burko observed long ago, that "months pass and ECUS roll " between tho writing of a despatoh and the receipt of it, ,so that -while n colony is still protesting angrily against a supposed grievance the announcement of its intended redress may bo a'ready on its way. We cannot but think that a little more attention to this inevitable condition of correspondence with the Colo- nial Office! would have moderated the tone of the Australian remonstrances on this subject. We havo never doubted, howover, that the strong aversion ufrom any contact with the convict element manifested throughout the free colonies of Australia deserved and would receive the graveBt consideration from the Se- cretary of Stato for the Colonies. To entertain such a question from the colonial point of view is, in effect, to decide it in favour of the peti- tioners, for, whatover rights may belong to tho mother country, no English statesman would think of enforcing thom, for the sales of an object so trifling, against the public opinion of largo communities so nearly con- cerned. Wo have now the pleasure of stating, what is no longer a secret, that no such policy is contemplated by Her Majesty's Govern- ment, and that, subject to the approval of Parliament, transportation to the Australian continent will cease within alimitod period. No one who has followed the published communications between the Colonial de- partment and Australia since the report of the commission on transportation and penal servitude will be unprepared for this resolu- tion. In January of tho present year tho Duko of NowcaBtle, in pursuanco of n ploelge already given, intimated fttho Governors of the Australian colonies the determination of the Government not to carry out the main Buggestion of that report-that an increased nu m bor of convicts, cstim ated at about 1,600 an nually, should, during the latter part of tholr term of punishment, ho sont to Western Aus- tralia. After vindicating tho motives of the commissioners, and advorting to the rossons which had convinced them thatsuchamoaBuro would inflict no injury on the other colonios, he amply recognised the importance of tho addresses recetvod from the latter, " as ropro Bentingnotonlythe numbors, but also the pro- perty, tho intelligence, and the character of those communities, and as express- ing not more popular prejudice, but deep feelings and moral convictions." Ho repudiated, indcod, the Australian Monroo Doctrine, " that tho settlers in coitaln portions of a vast torritory belonging to tho Crown have any general right to dictato what shall or shall not ho dono throughout tho whole of it." Bnt he promised that tho num- ber of convicts thereafter to be transported should not exceed the former average, which was little moro than 500 annually ; and ho consented to abandon the system of condi- tional pardons. Moreover, ho distinctly pointed ont that thoso concessions had boen made in deference to tho wishoa and interests of the eastern colonies, thereby admitting the superior weight of that con- sideration to all others. From these proposi- tions tbo final discontinuance of transporta- tion to Australia is llttlo more than a logical conclusion. The limitation of number, and the abolition of conditional pardons, failed to quiet the apprehensions of the free colo- nies. Thoy continued to reiterate all their old - objections to any transportation of convicts to the Bhores of Australia, and they suc- ceeded in showing that no precautions had sufficed to Iprovent their immigration ' into their own territories. Whether these complaints woro moro or less oxaggeratad, and whether they were expressed in terms more or leas becoming, is a secondary ques- tion. What Mr. Cardwell had to considor, on succeeding to office, was simuly whether Imperial interests, or thoso of Western Aus- tralia, were BO involved in the maintenance of transportation that thoy ought to out- weigh tho discontent of all classes of Bociety in the rest of the continent. To admit the first of theeo suppositions would almost be equivalent to justifying the storm of thoughtless indignation against English sol - tlshneBS which has been raised in Australia. If we transported garotters out of mere soli- citude for the security of our own tlno.it-', we Bhould merit the more reasonable of the looBe imputations cast upon us. Every ona in this country knows that the rovlval of transportation was advocated on very dif- ferent giounds from this, and that it is only by a figure of speech that it can tie attributed to a panic In the wlntorofl8G2. One of these grounds, and by no means the least material, was the earnest desire of West- ern Australia lo avail itself of convict la- bour. Remomboring that only twenty-six years ago tho very samo feeling was loudly expressed in New South Wales and other penal settlements, we cannot consent to treat it with contempt when expressed by Western Australia. At the same time, no Government could shut Its eyes to tho enormous disparity, numerical and otherwise, botween tho pro- moters and the opponents of Australian transportation. On the ono sido we have a population of some 10,000, a revenue of somo £00,000, and a trade amounting in tho aggre- gate value of imports and exports to some ¿300,000. On the other, wo have a popula- tion of some 1,800,000, including Now Zealand, a joint revenue of somo £(1,800,000, and a trade of some ¿67,000,000. If Provi- dence itself favours the stronger battalions. Government must loau to the more impor- tant interests. While the expediency of gradually abolish- ing transportation to Australia was under anxious discussion in tho Colonial and Home Departments, a most Interesting event was reported to the Secretary for the Colonies by the Governor of Western Australia. It was no less than tho discovery of a fertile tract, containing between iivo oud six million of acree, in the notth western part of that colony. Mr. Panter, tho leader of tho exploring expedition which opened out theso new plains, called tho " Dis- trict of tho Glenelg," describes thom ni clothed with the finest pasturage, capable of carrying upwards of 3,000,000 sheep, bosides forests of timber trees, and land available for agricultural purposes. This discovery oould not fail to mark an epoch in the history of Western Australia. When a new country is thrown open for settlement in Austra- lia, tho admission or non-admission of convict labour becomes n matter of the first moment. It is analogous to. tho alterna- tivo between free and slavo labour in tho American territories. If the latter bo tolo rated, the former will ho lopolltd. It would have been possible, no doubt, to placo tho r,ew settlement under different regulations from the old ; but had this arrangement beon made, the foud now existing between Western Australia and the eastern colonies must havo nrisen in an aggravated form between the North and South of Westorn AuBtralla itself. Thero was a judicious way, and one only, of meeting tho difficulty, and that was to cut the knot of it and solvo tho convict quostion by the somo stroke. This is now to be dono, and although it must bo some years before such a change can be lully carried out, and some months boforo it can even ho sanctioned by the Legislature,. we may practically deal with it as a fait accompli. (moir THE DAILY NEWS.) The Government has talton a decisivo re- solution on the subject which has lately BO agitated tho free colonies of Australia. It abandons its recent policy, and transportation to the Australian continent is to be entirely discontinued. Mr. Cardwell has done so much that is wiso at the Colonial Offico, that wo should bo pleased if wo could «Ive him credit for this correction of his oarlier error. But in truth, the course of the Government in referenco to this question, during the last three years, has beon wanting in statesman- ship, and tho decision now announoed, wise as it is, is only the latest manifestation of its disposition to obey tho outward pressure that may huppen to bo stringent at the time. Two years ago, whon hoyB carried pistols for their protection, and old women in broadcloth filled The Times' with their fears, tho pressure of what passed for English opinion was obeyed, and at the first mention of transportation the interests of the fres colonies were set nside. Now thero is no excitement at home, but a prospect of muoh unpleasantness in our relations with the colonies, and accordingly the wishes of the Australians are to have weight. This is not the way in which an ompire should bo go- verned. Wo have now returned to tho point at which we stood four years ago ; but what havo we gained hy the long oir cuitouB transit ? All that wo know now we knew then. Foor years ago we knew that thero were people in Westorn Australia ready to speculato in convict labour, and in con- tracts for the supply of convict establish- ments : and we also know that their low and limited material interests ought not to bo set against the higbor interests of the freo communities of South Australia,. Victoria, atd -New South .WaleB. Four years ago wo know that to shoot out our . moral rubbish upon Australian shores vas au easy way of getting rid of the criminals we had roared, and we alEo knew that suoh a use of a colony was base cn our part, and by the Australians would be resented as intolerable. Four years ago the language of our best newspapers on UiCEO points was enlightoncd and distinct. Why tho wisdom which had then beon ac- quit ed was placed in abeyance, and why tbo countryhas been led a dreary round, isfortho-e to explain who, against thoir earlier rccorelod convictions, abetted tho cry for transporta- tion when a sufficient number of bewildered people woro found to rniso it. For us it is a source of satisfaction to remember that in the midst of the garotte panic, and from that time until now, we havo consistently opposod the revival of transportation to Australia, and predicted as the inevitable end of the agitation tho very concession to tho demands of tho colonies which is now authorltatlvoly announced. ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ABKIVALS. . Argo, tit Oravosond Novomlior 17, from Syilnoy. William, at Oravosoucl Novomlior 17, from Syduoy. Jason, nt Qravosond Novombor 17, from Syclnoy. William Duthil), at Gravesend November 17, from Syclnoy. Clytie, tit Oravosond Novomlior 15, from Molbourno. Croit Britain, at Liverpool October 28, from Mol- bourno. Lutbor, nt Gravosond Oth Novombor, from Ado laldo. Luslstanm, at Oravosond Sth Novombor, from Ade- laide. Slrilm nanoo, at Donl 22nd Novombor, from Sydney. Tlio roto ot Insuranco upon tho J. E. K., from Mol- bourno, with £41,000 in Kolcl, willoh has now boon at sea 130 days, lias advanced at Lloyd's to flvo gulnaaa premium. 0EPAIITOKES. Conlurlon, from Gravoaond 10th Novombor, for Sydney. Erncsllno, from Gravoaond 27tn Octobor, for Auck- land. Ethiopian, from Doal Novembor 2, for Port Phillp. Esmok, from Oravcflond 10th Novombor, for Ado laide. Flying Fish, from Gravesend 1th Novombor, for Sydney. Fearnought, from Liverpool,' 2nd Novombor, for Molbourno. Hannah Mooro, from Liverpool 12th Novombor, for Moreton Bay. Koorin Moorta, from Gravesend 15th Novombor, for Molbourno. Lndy Ann, from Deni 7th Novombor, for Otago. Lloyd Ilnynor, from Gravesend, Oth Novombor, for Sydney. Lochiel, from Oravcscud 18th Novombor, for Syd- ney. Matilda Athollng, from Gravesend 8rd Novembor, for Adelaide Norfolk, from Gravosond 21th Novombor, for Port Phillp. Ohio, from Oravosond 2nd Novombor, for Port Phillp. FrfncMsofWalos, from Oravosond 27th October, for Port Phillp. Queen Bco, from Oravosond 17th Novombor, for Adolnldo, Rockhampton, from Oravosond 4th Novombor, for Melbourne Star of England, from Liverpool 25th October, for Molbourno. Strathdon, from Oravosond, 1st Novombcr, for Sydney. Spirit Spirit of tho North, from Oravosond 18th Novom- bor, for Syduoy. Woilosloy, .from Oravcscna.7lh,'lirovombor, for Port 