HOME CORRESPONDENCE {From our London CorresDonJpnt l London, Ft-bruarv27. immediately on the assembling of Parlia ment the Government laid on the table of both Houses of Parliament tho correspondence relating to the discontinuance of tr»rnn/n*«. lion, it lormn a isluo-book of 55 page*, and to the future historian of Australia it will prove a valuable document. The various papers which it comprises nro -JG in number, beginning with the despatch of the Duko oflNewcaitle, of the 29Ji Jsunary, 186i, an nouncing the decision of the Government on tho report of the Transportation Comuiiseion, and coning down to that of Mr. Cardwell, announcing that that decision had been aban doned. The various despatches aro grouped together under the heads of the several colonies, end if I do not attempt to eummariz?, it is because of the space that would be required, and because most of the papers have already been published, while the others will go out Ly this mail. Tho memorial of the Western Aus tralians for compensation, with Mr. Cardwell's reply, has not, 1 thick, been made public, and it will no doubt be read with interest in both the eastern and western colonies. Both the Times and the Daily News have u?ed the volumo us an occasion for giving a birdseje view of the controversy which has now virtually closed, and for onco tbe two journalists ugree in deducing from it pretty nearly the Bamo moral. Tho Timet think* it whs natural that tho Government should propose to adopt a compromise, and it ala» now admits that indecorous and unnecessarily violent as some of the demonstrations of the eastern colonists may have been, there was reasonable gronnd for the position taken up by them. It thinks it matter for satisfaction that only the Government of New South Wales consented to engage in ' the wild and unconstitutional proceeding' intended to isolate -Western Australia, and that the others showed a disposition to trust to the effect of further representation to the Home Government. /That, it thinks, must be matter of satisfaction to those Governments, while Victoria must regret its hastiness. Remarking on Mr. Card well's Bevere remarks upon the proceedings of the Victorian Government, the Times allows that our own Government, how ever well intentioned, never did justice to the reason urged by the colonists for their opposition, and that it ought to have seen sooner that the object contended for waa not worth the bad feeling generated. Now it has angered the Western Australians, and there has been set op a claim for compensation, to which Mr. Cardwell has an unanswerable demand. The writer hopes that we hare heard the last of this unpleasant quarrel, which never need to have been allowed to ran so high, and vrhiolvhe hopes, may now 'bo forgotten by every one except by* Her Majesty's Govern ment. It ought to serve them as a perpetual warning against a similar display of passive raistance to. the deep* seated wishes ot loyal, energetic, and prosperous colonies.' And is there no one else to whom the warning phonld be of value? The conductors of the Times probably assume that it will be forgotten by the colonists that the course pursued by that journal has been a faithful reflection of that pursued by the Colonial Office, and that it has done as much as any other agency to keep alive the feeling of irritation which it now deplore*. I should state that as yet no action on the transportation question has been taken in Par liament ; but in reply to ud enquiry, Mr. Card well has stated that a measure will be introduced this session, and that it will provide fur the discontinuance of transportation within three yean. The proposed Australian Exhibition of Gems has excited a good deal of uttcntiou. The London Btvieto devoted a sensible article lo it in its number of January 2S:h, cxpreseing the opinion that it will exhibit in a striking manner, a source of colonial wealth of which Englishmen have been almost entirely ignorant, and, what is mciv, a kind of wealth which, from association, impresses the mind even more than gold. It considers, however, that it is not surprising that we should be comparatively ignorant of the mineral wealth of Australia when a similar charge is brought against Victoria itself. The Review adds that 'we may share the satisfaction and delight which success will giro. Not, of course, because wealth in diamonds is more real wealth than fleeces of sheep or bales of cotton, but it is a new variety in colonial riches. It is 11 new field for productive energy, and the more varied the attraction to immigrants the richer is the colony likely to be in the variety of classes and characters requisite to build up a n-eat commonwealth, Those who dread the democratic spirit which constantly tends awards increased influence in the colonies will be gladsof any pursuic that breaks tip tte nonotony of conditions under which the ?olonists live, and to which the democratic principle of equality owes its power. la one espect the development of wealth in gems may ilso have a peculiarly beneficial result. There nay be, and are, tasteless displays of jewellery; :he phrase 'barbaric pearl and geld' seems iftcn but too appropriate. But gems, aud the irts of embellishment in which they are used, ire intimately associated with the most ?efiniug social influences and the culture of ;he beautiful It will not be inappropriate if :he Australian colonist?, rich in every form of the raw material of wealth, and having ori ginally almost no social nexus but the coarse one t-f wealth- getting, should find in one of Lheir most valuable products a stimulus to the cultivation of arts which help to elevate and refine.' Have yon also met with tin.*, which I quote From the Chinese correspondent of the Star, nho thinks not a little, in common with all Bongkongites, of Australian coal: — 'Tho last mail,' he say?, ' has brought the account of the lighting up of Hongkong with gas ou the 3rd [December last. The Hongkong and China Gas Company have had to contend with diffi culties of a local character, and of climate, which have delayed this event beyond their expectations ; but it is now brought to a most successful issue, without a single accident or kitch of any kind. The brilliancy of the gas made from Australian coal, delivered at a mo derate price at the Company's own wharf, has caused the greatest surprise to the Chinese and satisfaction to the Europeans.' The reform of the land laws interests, I know, all colonists, and you will therefore read with some satisfaction, perhaps, the debate in the House of Commons on Wednesday last, on the Land Mortgage Debentures Bill. Lord 2fau moved it. It proposes to make deben tures on land transferable from hand to hand as easily as coupons. If it should pass (it has been referred at present, with one or two similar Bills, to a Select Committee) it will almost destroy the conveyance business, lhe Times this morning has a furious article against it. In connection -with this subject I may mention the formation of a Registered Land Company, for the purpose of facilitating the registration of titles to landed estates. The prospectus says that the especial object of the Company is to assist owners of property who, from want of funds or other causes, have hitherto been unable to avail themselves of the advantages offered by the Act. The Company will undertake the examination and registration of titles to landed estates ; it will provide the funds for the necessary preliminary expendi ture; discharge the various encumbrances, where the value of the estate bears a just pro portion to the amount charged upon it; and will also facilitate the arrangements of persons desirous of lending or borrowing on landed security. Whilst, from the nature of these operations and the securities held by the Com pany, it will be protected against all risk of loss, considerable profits must be derived, and owners of land wilt find their advantage in the increased value of their property. The Com pany wQl purchase registered and other landed estates, and resell them in lots or otherwise, where the advantages of a simple and parlia mentary title enable them to effect the distri bution and resale without delay and without 'expense. The Begistration Act has been bat partially adopted in England. Partially, did I say? Scarcely at all. All the family solicitors shrug their shoulders at it, and the great landowners are fearful that if they go to the office they may ' really lose their estates, instead of making them more secure. We do not move quite so fast in these matters, as you do. I daresay it will take a generation to convince the public that lawyers' long bills do not improve the title to landed property, but rather the reverse. If I were to express the opinion of mosl persons 'at home,' especially in London, ] think I should say that the most important topic of the month has been, and, indeed, still is the weather. February has presented to u: the whole winter in the microcosm of a month The drizile and fog have surpassed anjthin| that November ever produced. The snow ha came down for whole days, just as it used t do or as we imagine that it used to do, whei we* were children. Even the tops of Londo houses have remained covered with it for thre days. We have had the crisp dry air of au ol January, and then we have had the sleet an slash, of sadden thaws with all their inevitabl accompaniments. One day we have said w have never had such a fine bit of winter ; th next that the weather is the worst we have eve known; and more than once all the change backwards and forwards and forwards an backwards again, have taken place within tt ? JO hour* of daylight, beginning with iros . proceeding to thick snow, progressing to alasl dnd ending with another frost. The result that the budding spring is somewhat shy i showing her face. We generally have, as mar flf your1 readers will well remember, one or tv bright, soft, warm, sunshiny days in Februar ' when the lilacs break through their first bro« buds and show the first green leaves of the yea ' We have been accustomed to gather not a fe . riolets, both white and purple, this month, ai crocuses have certainly not been uncomuio ? JTona of these hava yet made their appearanc I have Been a snowdrop, cr something like or which, an enthusiastic city gentleman purchas afcCovent Garden ; but it was a poor, du ' ' lanky-looking thing, and nothing resembli : ? the hardy and pure little maiden-flower whi aends all oar jouDg ladies into such ecstasies a: makes them draw to 3ucli an extent on the f superlatives of the English language. H none of this has arrived this year. Iamafrs . we bail our spring days in December, and tl ' for a week or two yet to coma they will be the discount-house of nature. One of the wettest aad .muddiest days ? the month, February 7, Parliament v opened. There was a fair muster of I people's representatives, and an average atti dance of the Lords ; that is to eay, that out ? rather more than 400 peers whom I ? ? Hajesty had summoned, there were 12 pres on U» fint flay of *t» tewiw1! and almost iany stayed to hear the debate on the address. !his neglect of the Upper House has now ' ecorae so usual as to pass almost unnoticed. l year or two ago one of our daily journals, ot very favourable to an hereditary aristocracy, sed to give, in reporting the proceedings of the lords, the greatest number present at any me during the evenitg. Qecmonslly thi 3 reatest number amounted to 18 or 20, but enerally five or six was the utmost. No' man m rightly read the signs of tho time3; but I innot help thinking that a day will come, nd that not very Ion? hence, when this muTerence of the Peerage to their legis itive functions will be brought up against aera with terrible and almost fatal effect. The nly interest they have taken in public leasures for many years has beeu to assemble nee or twice in the' session at the call of Lord -erby and throw out measures which the fouse of Commons has passed. They have 'jected every measure of ecclesiastical reform, irown out the Cuurch-rate Abolition Bill, and ien on three or four, if not five times — I forget io; exact number— the Bill for the abolition of 3e declaration which all Nonconformists are impelled to take on becoming members of mnicipal corporations. They stopped the bolition of the paper duty, provokingthereon serious popular assault on their legislative motions, and when nearly all England was nanimous in approving the policy of the tovernment on the Danish question, they lone condemned it. At the same time i&rcely; a month or two passes in rhnh tbc name of some Peer is not tinted amongst the co-respondents in. ivorce cases. I am afraid, as I have said, hat they are running up a heavy reckoning gainst themselves, which in another reform gitation will be made only too apparent, (othing for many generations ia likely Berioualy 0 endanger their existence as a class; but lieir position as hereditary legislators is not uite so secure. Those who mix amongst the eople — the respectable middle classes, as well s the working clas3— know that their com ient3 on the House, of Lords are plain and ot complimentary. They had certainly, however, not ouch to raw them together this year. What is called tie ' Queen's Speech' was more than usually ninteresting and unimportant. It consisted ' fa reference to the Danish war ; to the North iirjeriean war, in which Her Majesty remains ieadfastly neutral; to the Japanese and le New Zealanders ; to the scheme for the nion of the North American provinces, a which a Bill is to be presented after shall have passed the Provincial Legis itures ; to the tranquillity of India, and the orm at Calcutta. There was the customary urase aiout 'economy' and 'due regard to le efficiency of the public service ;' and then le people were assured that the general condi oa of the country was satisfactory ; that the mdition of Ireland was improving ; and that various measures of public usefulness would 1 submitted for consideration.' These were mmerated, and consisted of a Bill for the con mtration of the Courts ofLaw and Equity ; the vision of the statute law, by which is under ood, in addition to thecodification of thelaws, le revision of the patent and of the poor laws; id a Bill relating to the public schools. There as not a word stout either political, financial, ? ecclesiastical reform. The Government, was clear, either from internal discord pre- : rating their agreement on these questions, or ' jm a fear of disturbing the present rather liet state of public feeling, had resolved to go rough the session without bringing forward i iy great measure. i The general effect of the speech was a : use of hopeless dulness, succeeded by a ' jjht, but only slight irritation. There seems i be an understanding that the present Pur- i iment is not to attempt any great reform?, i id that its existence is not to be endangered i r any measure likely to prove fatal to its '? xlily constitution. The debate en the address, lerefore — I went to the House to hear it — was iort, and, excepting a slight Irish spurt, not ?ry animated. Lord Charlemont and Lord oughton (iTcnekton Milnes) performed the lice of sponsors in the Lord?. The first iade his delut both as a legislator and a -eaker, and a most unhappy one it was. The laterials of his speech were good, and irfi'ully prepared ; but his nervousness id oratorical incapability exceeded anj ling that has ever perhaps beeu wit essed in Parliament, and that is saying a reat deal. Lord Houghton was respectable, ut dull— as is his poetry, or his verees called Detry. Lord Derby wa3 very happy, bat only layed with his opponents. . In the Lower [cuae SirHedvvorth v\ illiamson and Captain racy spoke to the address, and it seemed for jtne time that they were to be the only peakers, for no one, when they sat down, iade a sign. Mr. Vincent Scully, however, brew himself into the gap, and denied the otTLCtncjs of the assertion respecting Ireland n the speech. Other Irish members followed, nd the first intimation was given that they nten 3, as a matter of policy, to widen the ireach between themselves and the Liberal larty. On tho succeeding evening Mr. Scully livided the House, but only got a few members 0 support him. The only remarkable debates which have aken place since this have also been on Irish mestions — one brought forward again by Mr. Scully, when he exposed some recent case of a questionable exercise of patronage in the Trish Jhurch ; aud a second introduced by Mr. Pope Heuessey, who, on Friday evening last, pro posed a motion expressive of regret at the depopulation of Ireland, and of the opinion of the House that the nation needs some help, lhe speeches on the question were very able, and Mr. Whiteside especially distinguished himself. Sir Eobert Peel and Mr. Gladstone were brought up, and the debate was adjourned to this evening, when there is a chance of the Government being defeated. This alliance of the Tories and the Irish parties is not new, but ii-, it appears, evidently getting closer. Whether the latter really expect that the former are in sympathy with them is impos sible to say. I judge that they have joined them because of the numerous disappointments which they have received from tne Whig party. The first breach with the latter occurred when the Ecclesiastical Titles' Act was passed, and it has been widening ever since. The illusion of supposing, if they do suppose it, that the Tory party, as such, is in sympathy with the measures which Irishmen generally put forward as the conditions of the future prosperity ot Ireland will be dissipated when the Tory party come to power. The greater and an increasing section of the Liberals do, however, go with two of the Irish measures, viz., the abolition of the Irish Church and some amelioration of the present law of land lord and tenant. There has also been an extensive debate on the Poor-Law system. Mr. Vdliers ba3 introduced a Bill for widening the area of the liability of poor- relief and removal from parishes to unions. This will prevent many of the abuses of the present system and lessen its harshness. The English Poor-Laws, as I need riot inform you, havp a rather opprobrious reputation. If carried, as it is likely to be, this measure will lessen the present feeling. The Government hwe also introduced the Bill, and carried its second reading, for the concentration of the Courts of Justice. It i: proposed to purchase, partly out of the suitors' fund iu Chancery, and partly out of othei public money, the whole estate lying betweei the present Court of Chancery and Fleet-stree' — amounting to seven acres of land — and thei tobuilda JuBtice Hall, in which all the pre sent Courts shall find accommodation. Thi scheme is of magnificent proportion?, and wil now, no doubt, be carried out. It will make i great improvement to the metropolis, and, le uahope — as we are told will be the case reduce our lawyers' bills as well as the expense of the administration of justice. I, howcvei am not sanguine of this. You will see from this that the Governmeii is proceeding vigorously with its business, an there is no likelihood, on the whole, that it wi be stopped. We shall, however, have a ma] duties debate on the 7th March, when the Cod servative party intend to ' muster in fa strength. A formidable Association hi been inaugurated for the repeal of the duties, but it is not in good hand Sir Fitzroy Kelly is leader, and th ia sufficient to say that it must fail. ' understand that the Cabinet will make thi3 1 party questioa, and that they intend to stau ? or fall by the result. They have an opporti ? nity, that is to say, of getting a good pan \- victory, for they ara sure to wis, and cann 1 be blamed for getting it. But it is addt \- that they will soon afterwards dissolve Parli ? ment — whether to enable the Tories to go 1 the country with the sols cry of ' Cheap beei ? I cannot say. So many rumours of tr 1 character have been eel atloat during the h I two years that this oce may be received wi ? certainly a good deal of hesitation. Ai t another very explicit statement may be receiv II with equal doubt as to its correctness, vi that Lord Palmerston will this summer retir '* that Earl Kussell [will be Premier, and;! 3 Gladstone leader of the House of Commoi e No doubt this will occur some day, and tl '' not before very long, and circumstances ap 'f from rumour point to its early prol r bility. Earl Eussell has just made, in a n 11 edition of his work on the English Coristi 13 t)OD, another proclamation of the necessity reform.* Mr. Gladstone's tendencies are now well known ; and a new and influential repre sentative of the Eeform interest has appeared in the person of Viscount Amberley, Earl Russell's eldest son, who has made a very thoughtful and original speech at Leeds on this queatioD, which has led to hi3 being asked ! to be a caudidate for the representation of the borough at the next general election. This nobleman is the most promising of all our youngest men. He is a forcible writer, as hi3 ; article on 'Subscription' in the Edinburgh j Review shows; he is also a thoughtful, im pressive, and clear speaker. In education he j is a scholar; in political sympathies almost, at present, a Eadical. A3 tho ' son of his father' his reception as a public man has been very flattering, and there is no little English pride at the fact that the family of 'Russell is likely to have another popular statesman for its representative. One further fact there is in connection with this ques tion, viz., the proposed formation of a new Reform Association, on the basis of the Trades' Unions. This Association is to hold a meeting in a few days,- and it intends to test thoroughly the opinions and sympathies of the working classes. On the whole, therefore, the Reform question may be said to be rising. Mr. Barnes's renewed Reform Bill, which is shortly to come on for discussion in the House of Commons, will once more test the present Parliament. I believe that the debate will this time not be a sham one, and that the more firm amongst the Liberal party will speak out thoroughly, earnestly, and boldly. The proposed reform in the patent laws will, I suppose, take the line of the report of the Commissioners, which has just been published in the shape of a Blue-book of 228 double columned pages. The Commissioners report only in favour of a modification of the present system, and not, as the Time* supposed they would, in favour of an abolition of the patent laws altogether. They say that they do not think the present cost of obtaining patents excessive ; that they cannot recommend a pre liminary investigation into the merits of the invention for which a patent is claimed, but they advise an enquiry into the fact whether there has been a previous publication of the. invention, in which case the patent should be refused. They condemn the present mode of trying the validity of patents, ? and think that such trials should be before a Judge, sitting with the aid of scientific assessors, and without » Jury, unless both parties to the action should desire one. Their further recommen dations are as follow : — 'That the granting of Licences to use patented inventions ought not to be made compulsory. That patents ought not to be granted to importers of foreign inventions. That in no case ought the term for which a patent is granted to be extended beyond the original period of 14 years. Itiat in all patents hereafter to be granted a proviso shall be inserted to the effect that the Crown shall have the power to use any inven tion therein patented without previous licence ar consent of the patentee, subject to pay ment of a sum to be fixed by the Treasury. While, in the judgment of the Commissioner/, the changes above suggested will do something to mitigate the inconveniences now generally :omplained of by the public as incident to the working of the patent law, it is their opinion :hat these inconveniences cannot be wholly ?emoved.' The recent decision in favour )f Crown rights to all patents will jreeipitate the discussion of this ques :ion. This decision has surprised all he public excepting the portion belonging to ;he legal profession. It is now settled that ;he Crown may use any patent without being :ompelled to give the patentee any compensa ion. It is argued that this will not work very avourably for the public interests. Many inventions can only be used by a Government ; tnd if the Crown has a right to them it is not ikely that the inventors will take any trouble )rgo to any expense for the sake of making :he nation a presenr. Ab for compensation, unless, as in Sir Wm. Armstrong's case, a nan has many friends at court, when he may oe certain of making his fortune at once, whether his patent be useful or not, he would be insane to expect it. But the laws will possibly undergo a larger revision than that [Bilked out ia the report There is a large Aass of political economists who take tne ground that no man has any right whatever to i patent. The Times has been writing to this effect, and doubtless such alterations as may be made will be of this tendency and in this direction. The smaller political news has a good deal of peculiar personal interest attaching to it. Such is the appointment of Mr. Massey, lafe Chairman of Committees in the House of Commons, and member for Salford, to the im partant post of Finance Secretary to the Indian Government in succession to Mr. Laing. Mr. Ma3sey has shown himself to be a capable man; but everybody wonder at the appoint ment, and the general comment is ' the square man in the round hole again.' He has never done anything in financial questions, and never shown the smallest interest in Indian matters, or made a speech upon them. The journals do not seem to be aware of one fact, which accounts for Mr. Massey's fortunate career hitherto, and his important elevation. The hon. member is a natural son oi the old Marquis of Lansdowne, who first pushed him into public life as member of the family borough of Calne. The Marquis's social repute in matters on which the seventh commandment bears was, until the end of his long life, not a very fragrant one, but he behaved with great justice to Mr. Massey, and did all that he could to wipe out the blot of his birth. To Mr. Massey. himself, therefore, the event was a fortunate one. Mr. Massey's successor is Mr. Do&on;, member for East Sussex— a young man of the new Dxford school— able, liberal, and gentle manly. The appointment is a good one ; but University Eeform loses by it one of its bast advocates. There are other political changes. The death of Mr. Gregson, member for Lmcaster, has taken place. Mr. Schneider, formerly repre senting Norwich, succeeds him. Mr. Gregson was 'one of the most active and laborious members of the House of Commons.- 1- can well remember, 30 years ago, when I was a. boy, seeing him hooted through Lymington, in Hampshire, when he first tried an entrance into public life and first tried to break down a local family interest in a rotten old borough. Lord Palmerston paid him last week a very high and marked compliment— such a graceful thing aa he and he alone can do, and which excites other men to an ambition for useful ness, though that usefulness may be unknown to the public, as in Mr. Gregson's case, until after death. -~ In Salford Mr. Cheetham, formerly member for South Lancashire, has succeeded Mr. Massey. He is a. Radical, and a wealthy and educated Nonconformist, who will do Borne credit to that party in the House where it has not many notable representatives. The appointment of Mr. Montague Smith, member forTruro, to the new Judgeship is a __ fair act of political generosity of which Cabinets are not usually guilty. If the Government thought to gain -a seat by it they have been disappointed, for Truro has returned another Tory in air. Smith's place. A similar appointment has been made in Scotland with a similar result. In Ireland there are electtoiii at Cork, Tralee, and Tipperary. Two have ? gone against the Government— thoroughly ' Irish members tieing returned— and the third i 1 likely to do the same. The resignation of Mr ' Gilpin, member for Northampton, of his offio ' as Secretary of the Pwor-Law Board, wil 1 not vacate a seat. Mr. Gilpin was the onV 1 Dissenter in any conspicuous office under th f Crown, and almost the only Dissenter in an, office. Why he resigned after six 'years is ; 1 mystery. The explanation is that he found hi. \- business engagements would not allow him t perform the duties of his office; but as die: t duties only occupied him about two hours in 1 week, the explanation is, of course, only I blind. More natural is it that he was afrai t of losing his seat at Northampton, whic \- elected him for his outspoken Liberal politic II and has never heard his voice raised as b s independent member since they elected hie e Lord Enfield succeeds Mr. Gilpin at the Poo i. Law Board. He is a moderately useful ai is respectable man. I Ecclesiastical mattera are rather dulL Tl a eagerly-exptcted report of the Subscripts d Commissioners has made its appearance, ai i- has disappointed every OEe. As a liters y document the report, or rather the appendic )t to it, is valuable ; as a solution of the difficult; d of the subscription question it is genera a- esteemed to be worthless. The gist of t to recommendations made is that, instead ?' saying that he ' unfeignedly assert and co is sents to all and everything' contained in t st Book of Common Prayer, a clergyman shall th future say that he 'assents' to it, and that id will use it and no other. The Church joura ?d have rejected the amendment with what I thi i., will be judged to be a wife firmness. They e ; the Guardian, the Clerical Journal, and t tr. Churchman— for the Record has been discree' is. sil.nt on the merits of the report— say tl lat there is so moral difference between this a irt the form now in use ; that if a man ' assenl )a- he must 'unfeignedly' assent, or he i: ew hypocrite; and that the condition of that m :u- who says he assents, and who uses the Praj for book, autf who does not, u not to be admit The Churchman thinks that if adopted the new i { forw will only be a temptation to hypocrisy, t md that, on the whole, the report \ will be allowed to drop. It was hardly £ possible, perhaps, that the report should be £ more decisive than it is, or that any recommen- 2 Nation favourable to any particular party ( should have beea made. Tho Commission wa3 £ scrupulously fair, representing the heads of all ] parties in the Church— the^highe3t, the lowest, \ ind the broadest. The Bishop of Oxford sat / 3own with Archbishop Trench, and Dean 8 Stanley, and Lord Ebury, and Mr. Venn, j Eow could these gentlemen make a unani- {. nous report that should be a step towards j. reform? And not to make a unanimous re* j. port would be to put their seal on the various j iivisions in the Church, and excite one of the t lottest of ecclesiastical controversies. So they e igreed to report an emendation not worth de- € jating. They also, by-the-by, recommend an j iteration respecting simony, and asubstitu- j ion of a declaration for the present oath, c which looks not well. They advise, too, in enquiry into Bimony; but what kind of ^ mquiry they do not say. The Government is c »be asked whether it intends to do anything g shis session to carry out the recommendations a )f this report; but! think the answer will r be no. c Convocation has sat for four days and been dis- ^ missed. The principal subjects discussed were , two — tie increase of Bishoprics and the Court t af Final Appeal. It was agreed to ask the ^ Drown to appoint three new Bishops— one for £ Southwark, one for Yorkshire, and one for t Cornwall. Last year Sir George Grey would not entertain a proposal for the appointment ^ sf even one, and it is scarcely likely, therefore, . that he will consent to three. No Cabinet, in fl Eact, cares to increase the number of Bishops, fi who trouble them enoughalready ; and besides where is the money to come from ? The debate j m the question of the Court of Final Appeal g in the ;Upper House, in the presence of l four Bishops, waa ably conducted by the * Bishops of London and Oxford. There has been ^ some surprise at its lame and impotent result. t Fberewas an expectation that the Bishop of % Oxford, after his out-of-door speeches on. this x question, would say in Convocation what he t has said elsewhere and divide the House on r the question of the constitution of the present j Court. But bis speech was a very moderate ^ me, and he reiterated his belief iu the su- j premacy of the Crown in ecclesiastical matters, j which in the House of Lords last year ho all j imt denied, and attempted to reduce it to a £ lonentity. The sole result of the debate was t ;hat certain petitions presented on the subject j were ordered to lie on the table, which motion ^ Eu Lordship of Oxford supported. Ia the -j Lower House the question was just up, and ^ Dr. Jebb had just begun to speak, when down ( :ame the Messenger and prorogued them for ^ ;hree months. So the intending speakers had T to collect their papers together and depart. ( By-the-by, a little sensation was created by | presentation by Dean Stanley of a gravamen y protesting against the action . of Convocation , last year in the matter of the 'Essays' and , Reviews.' The document, which was signed t-y several dignitaries, represented the belief e if the petitioners that the act of Convocation £ tras, if not illegal, unwarranted and calculated ( to do an injury. The paper was referred to a i Committee. By-the-by, may I call your atten- j :ion to an article by Dean Stanley in the ( February number of Frazer, in which the | present creed of the Broad Church party is f ilearly defined ? - .There is no public action on the part of , Nonconformists. Mr. Hadfield has brought ia - us Bill on the qualification for offices ; but it ( ias been referred to a Committee. The church- , rate question sleeps, excepting in the Law Courts j ind the parishes ; and the Oxford University j reformers have not yet found a Bucnessor to ( Mr. Dod?oru I understand, however, that ( he 'Liberation Society' — that bugbear of \ Bishops aud Archdeacons — is on the point of :onBiderably extending its operations aud of , increasing its strength, with a view to tell on , :he next general election, and afterwards on the ( new Parliament. , We have had a relief from the general dul- t nesa in public matters through' some disagree- j nble circumstances. There have .been teveral 6 great burglaries in London ; and one at Mr. j Walker'?, a watchmaker iu Cornhill, where . wutches, &c;, to the value of £6,000 were j stolen, has attracted immense attention and , caused great excitement. Mr. Walker had , taken every means to prevent this kind of \ thing— had an opening in his shutters, and ] kept gas burning all night with a light thrown , on the safe. Yet between a Saturday uight - and a Monday morning his shop was broken \ into, the safe broken open, and its whole con- , teats carried elf. One and another smaller j burglary followed this, and the outcry against ( the city police has in consequence been very - laud. The matter has been discussed in the ; Corporation and at special public meetings. , Last week oue man was captured while , selling Borne watch- springs, who i vi- , dently had had some connection with the robbery, for two of the stolen watches , were found in his possession, and on Friday the real burglars were apprehended, but by the metropolitan, not the city police. This was three weeks after tho robbery, aud the men' could have got away if they had chosen. Some £1,600 worth of property was recovered and £800 cash. These men must bu the boldest of their tribe, for they went through almost superhuman work to get into Mr. Walker's shop. ' There has also been a similar burglary ia Manchester and a somewhat simitar outcry. The result already appears in the increased pay of the metropolitan police, in order to retain tbe good and get better wen. We have lost by death three representative men— Cardinal Wiseman, Viscount Comber mere, and the Duke of Northumberland. ? The death of the first has been long anticipated. He had been lingering for weeks. His abilities and character have been the theme of nil news papers during the last week, and, as usual, more respect wa3 paid to the dead titan was generally accorded to the. living man. All journals of all parties united in bearing trstt mony to his high personal character, his great sincerity arid amiability, his scholarship, his love of the arts, and his devotion to his religion. His funeral was the greatest that has taken place in England since the death of the Duke of Wellington. The ceremony was magnificent, and the funeral cortege, with i its 60 mourning coaches, in form most imposing. The Cardinal was buried on Thursday last at Kensal Green Cemetery. The best memoir of him appears in the Daily Telegraph, and the best account of the funeral in the Morning Star. Yiscount Combermere baa. been more than once supposed to be dead, from his having long dropped out of public lde, yet, although he was 98 years of age, he appeared in West-End! society until very lately— a venerable, bent, but pleasant old gentleman, whom few would suspect to hove been one of Wellington's great fellow-fighters. . ; The Duke of Northumberland— a Percy has also died, and been buried with honours in the'.' family vault in Westminster Abbey. He, toOj was an old maD, past 70 years of age. He was a favourite of all sailors, and, one ot the best Admiralty men that we have had of late years. His -wealth was enorirous, and his use of it princely. His benevolence is to be reckoned by hundreds of thousand's sterling ; yet I suppose he ha3 died the' second richest . peer in England — inferior in that respect to the Marquis of Westminster only. . ; . Ia France two matters have engrossed attention, the Pope's Encyclical, and the Emperor's speech on the opeuirig of the Legis lative Chambers. The literary and episcopal ? war with respect to the former subject has i been a very curious one. The B.shop of r Orleans (Mr. Dooarloup), who once; com-, k pared the Emperor to Pontius Pilat?, has written a pamphlet on the Convention and \- the Encyclical. Ia tlm pamphlet he has } fallen foul of the recent Italian measure?, and i he excommunicates a second time the Kiog i of Italy, and treats with contempt the articles I of newspapers oh a production of the Vice i gerent of Christ. He eays he is not accustomet , to see an eiicyclic of the Pope interpreted by i a Council of journalists. But it appears tha i. the Pope's production is too much even foi ?? the 3tomach of the Bishop of Orleans, whiel i ha3 hitherto been supposed to be capable 'o digesting anythiug sent from Eome. H e therefore attempts elaborately to explain i n away and to apologizj for it. The Bishop Iia d been followed by about half the episcop^ ?y bench of Trance, all aud each protesting sg'iina a the action of the Government in prohibitin ?s the publication of the encyclical letter. Th Iy Bishop of Angouleme thinks that modern idea le about ' liberty, duty, and society' are ' pitiabl 3f I and shocking,' and that if they were generall l- believed in they would reduce all Europe int le a . ' field of carnage, abomination?, an in horrors.' le Coming upen this appeared first a V\it Is from SI. Chigi, the Papal Nuncio at Pjri ik in which the pamphlet of the Bishop c — Orleans was honoured by a speclii approvj je This has made the question a diplomatic on Iy and M. Chigi has been compelled to express I at the Emperor his regret at having written sue id a letter^-a compulsion to wbicu he w a bour s'. by-orders irom Borne, Next Cardinal And a nelli appeared, upon the stage ; he addresse in seeing the mischief which the Encyclical w; ar producing, a letter to all the represontativea :d tho Vatican at foreign Court?, which stated th e censures pronounced by the Pope were not companied by any theological definitions, and iat the meaning of the censures must be ?ught for in the encyclicals, apostolic letters, id allocutions which are alluded to in cou setion with every one of the propositions ?ndemned. This may be very well and may ) for the public at 'large, who cannot read ltin and do not care to hunt up musty records ; it to scholars it only makes the matter worse, r the documents to which Ar.tonelli refers e infinitely worse than the Encyclical (elf. It is now generally agreed that e Pope committed a blunder in publishing s letter, and one which will never be re ieved- Here it has been made the subject of Jtures and sermons ; and in France, I am Id, the customary way of referring to it is an pressive shru?g of the shoulders, and an ually expressive pointing of the finger of the Fshand over the corresponding shoulder. As r the Emperor, it has been worth a successful mpai-*n against Rome. The Emperor's speech was a very charac fistic one. He spoke; of the foreign success France, and told the people how she had cceeded in all her enterprises. He weighed i even balance between Denmark and Ger any, and he settled in language the Italian lestion. He said with respect to the latter bject that 'the Pontifical territory, safely laranteed, finds itself placed under the pro 2tion of a treaty which solemnly binds the ro Governments. Mexico, Japan, and Africa me under review, and then the Emperor said at France, closing the temple of war, may with ide inscribe on a new triumphal arch these jrds:— ' To the glory of the French armies, for evictories achieved inEurope, in Asia,in Africa, id in America ' The part of the speech, how er, which attracted most attention waa that ferring to the relations subsisting between tho mpire and the Catholic Church. The Emperor id, with respect to the latter :— 'But the ore we surround it with respect and deference, e more do we reckon that it will respect the ndamental laws of the State. It is my duty maintain intact the rights of the civil powers, iich since the days o£ St. Loais no sove ign in France has ever abandoned.' This por ra of the speech was vehemently cheered, be remainder was devoted to commercial and jal matters, in which a liberal policy was ?fended. The whole b looked upon as a clever dication of the Emperor's intention to main in his present ground, to hold in check the ipacy, and to pursue the policy of military id commercial aggrandizement. ? The preface the Imperial. Life of Caesar, which appears all our newspapers to-day, is, as regards the rmer subject, to the same effect. The mperor looks upon Cssar, Charlemagne, and apoleon I. as the great lights of the world, id considers that they were intended to point the national policies of a people. If so, the ttional policy of France is not peace, but instant war. By-the-by, the Emperor is said \- be very anxious about the reception of his -ok, and it is said that praise of it will be ore acceptable than praise of bis Govem ient. , ; '. ' The. EingSqm of Italy hai received two locks — one political, and one — what shall I y, geological? By the first the King was iven from his capital at Turin. Perhaps ,e circumstances can best be told in the irratire of an eye-witness— the correspondent ' the Times. After various. minor demonslra sns, the intention of which was to express ie disapprobation of the Turineans with the onvention, a general mark of disapproval as made on the occasion of a Court ball. The imes correspondent says: — ''lhe occupants the vehicles that drove through it were ?eeted with groans and shrill whistling. In ntry. and cavalry were- on duty in jmall jdies ; 2,000 National Guards had been lied out and were under arm*. It is quite rtuin that the disturbance was concerted sforehand, and not provoked on the instant. a the arrivals of carriages became more lmerous the noise and violence of the crowd, hich had become very large, increased, and ie people no longer contented themselves itli groans and catcalls. Stones were thrown, though apparently in no great numbers, for know only of two carriage-windows that were ruck by them, and only one of those was ?oken. Getting gradually more audacious, the :op!estc|jped several carriages and turned them ick. It is impossible to ascertain in how any eases this occurred, and it is probable atsome of the ladies who were going to the ill retreated of their own accord, when they ;urd of what was going on near the Palace id the ordeal they would have to encounter. e this as it may, violence was used in several iStunce?. The drivers of vehicles were pelted jd struck at to make them turn back, and is said that in some few instances carriage-; 3ors were opened and the occupants abused, he mob was composed in great part of persons lanifestly bent on mischief. Not a few of lese were of the better classes. All accounts rocur in saying that an unusual number of riests were abroad, and no doubt exists that ie clerical party were the chief promoters t' the disturbance.' At this crisis the National huard was called out, but tbe order given to it j clear the ground was not obeyed, but a third rarumg had a proper t fleet. Meantime the all went on as follows: — 'The Diplomatic !orps mustered strong, and the members of lie Cabinet of course were there, and there rere an immense number of officers of the rmy and some of the National Guard, but the ?iedmontese nobility, with extremely few ex eptions, kept away, and tbe dearth of ladies ras deplorable, A hint had been given to the Deputies to attend, and some went 'on that iccount who would otherwise have stayed way, but still the muster was poor. Hardly uy Piedmontese Deputies or Senators were iresent, and I am informed that not a single nf-uiber of the Town Council attended. The vin-; remained, as is his custom, till towards nidnight. He cannot be otherwise than much innoyed, and rumour says that he de ilared he would accelerate bis departuri rdm Turin and never return.' The nexl lay the Eing bade good-by to Turin ii ;reat anger, and went to Florence, where hi was enthusiastically received. However, hii inger has not lasted long, and after repeatec :xpressions of penitence from tbe people he hai ?eturned, aud been very cordially welcomed The event has, of course, made ' a sensation.' The other sheck is an old and ever-recur ring one. Etna and. Vesuvius have again burs out, and both are doing some damage, but a present not much. The other Continental news is unimportant if Russia be accepted, where the Emperor ha lectured the nobles for proposing a popula assembly, and hinted very plainly that th Government is entirely in his own hands, am that the initiation of all measures of reforc must be left to him. Greece is in the usua state of anarchy. The King is either not we served, or he is peculiarly unfortunate. Hi uncle lately visited him, and took affairs in hi hands with a view to ouBt the Ministry, be tbe King ended his iujudieious intrigues b Eending him out of the #kingdom. We hat tbe old etate of things in Prussia— much to] and nothing done — and in Austria and Rom where the finances are not in the best cond tion. And, notwithstanding the Times an Lord Palmerston, the Suez canal is to 1 opened, and has already been partially open« „ The American news leaders record son unexpected steps for obtaining a peace. '. having been understood that the South w; willing to send Commissioners to treat for cessation of hostilities, the President and 3J Seward went to Fort Monroe to meet thet and there, the steamers of the two parties beii anchored side by side, the Conference to- jlace. This step having failed, President Davis h addressed an immense mass meeting at Ric niond, in which he dilated on the arrogance the North, and called on all the people to ta arms. There is a general impression, howev that peace is not far distant, although be armies are again buckliug on their armour. ? The second most important news is the p sage of the Ami- Slavery Amendment of t American Constitution, which has gone throu the American Legislatures by the legitim majority of two-thirds. Tbe Boston Adterti writes on this as follows :— ' Our despatel by telegraph this morning announced the p sage yesterday, by theHoussof Bepresentatii oAlie amendment to the Constitution of United States, prohibiting slavery. Thisgr measure passed the Senate at the Ia9t sessi but Jailed at that time to obtain the necess two- thiids in the House — the vote stand 93 for the measure and 65 against it, and members not voting. Kept in suspense dur the recess by a motion to reconaider, it has n obtained more than the required numbei vote3 ia a House which has been furt enlightened on the true position of this gi question by seven additional months of h There can be no doubt that this amendn: will receive the sanction of tbe requisite num of States, and that thus, in this furnace- hea civil discord, we shall lay the foundation, only of a durable and gracious peace, bul that free republic to which oar fathers, dis pointed in their own day, looked forward as boon promised by a glorious future. ' ' i ' success of this -great measure will be ? crowning event of the war, and indeed of , century ; and, as we believe, it wQl ensure t the nation and for humanity that great - I summation which, four years ago, tbejudici i dared not hope to see in their own general and which ages to come shall pronounce the sufficient reward for the fiery trial through which our country is novr passing.' The separate States are now, one after nvmtltor, confirming thi- amendment ; and no doubt by this time the Union is free by its law from the blot of slavery. I need not enlarge on this important event. Military operations have been on a small scale. Mobile is threatened by Thomas, and will probably be tskeu ; and both Wilmington and Charleston are threatened by Skermari, who has already occupied an important post at Branehville, where he commands all the rail way lines, both to Charleston and the interior. There have been skirmishes by Grant with Lee, but nothing has come of them. The ball, however, seems now to be in the hands of the North, who are prosecuting the war with redoubled vigour. ...Next month you may expect to hear of more successes from Sher man. . , . 