ARRIVAL OF THE MADRAS WITH THE OCTOBER MATT, FROM EUROPE. The Argus Office, Monday Morning. Tho Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany's steamship Madras, Captain Far- quhar, reached Hobnon's Bay shortly after midnight, bringing the English. October mail, due hero on Monday last. The following ar-e the letters of our London correspondent : LONDON, OOT. 20. LORD PALMERSTON'S DEATH. The outgoing mall to the antipodes will beladen with a burden of evil tidings of no common order. Lord Palmerston is dead. The head of tho British Government has suddenly fallen. A veteran diplomatist, a popular leader, a great statesman, a politician feared and respected abroad and beloved at home, is no more. Though long foreseen as inevitable at no distant period, the blow fell unexpectedly at last, Tho event is a national calamity, and all classes and parties mourn their irreparable loss. Even those who most bitterly assailed him when living for his political obstructive ness, have nothing but praises for him. now. The fact is, the late Premier dwelt In the hearts of tho people. We loved him for his social amonity, the kindliness of his dis- position, tho unwithering joyousness of his nature; and we trusted him as few statesmen have been trusted, on account of tho genuine patriotism of his policy, and the sterling Eng- lish spirit he invariably displayed. No ona feared the betrayal of the nation's highest honour and interest, through parsimony, pusillanimity, or cosmopolitan sympathies, while "old Pam" was at the helm. But he is gono from our midst, and we look round in vain for a strong man to fill his vacant place. Gone is that for- midable personality which awed and re- strained foreign powers ; gone is that veteran, chief who has led, and charmed, and governed so many Parliaments; gone is that wise, practical, and ripe counsellor, whose sagacity has steered tho nation in safety through a thousand perilous complications; gone is that moderator and peacemaker, whose ad- mirable qualities havo extorted homage, through successive sessions, from the Con- servative Opposition ; and gone, too, is that immovable obstructive, who, according to the opinion of the Radical section of the Liberal party, was tho inveterate opponent to all reform. Well, Mr. Brights wishes are indulged earlier probably than he and his disciples anticipated. The keystone has fallen from the Government arch : the " old man eloquent " has been called off the poli- tical stage ; the rending away of Palmerston, everybody feels is a virtual rupture with the past; and thus a fair field is provided for all comers. At present the future Is all dark ; almost tho only certainty is that it will bo far more stormy than anything of late years. The tacit truce so long existing between the Government and the Opposition has ended. No longer restrained by confidence in and re spect for tho late Premier, the Conservatives will, immediately on the meeting of Parlia- ment, assume a hostile attitude, and in- augurate a fresh era of party conflicts ; while, in the opposite direction, tho whole pressure of the Rads, will be brought to bear on the Government, to coerce it into an aggressive and reforming policy. Between the two millstones, it will not be matter for surprise if tho Administration, and tho moderate Liberal party too, are ground to powder. We shall probably see a rapid disin tegration and reconstruction of parties as one of the issues of Lord Palmerston's removal. THE PROSPECTS OF THE FUTURE. At prcsont, howover, all speculations re- specting tho future aro proraatn.ro. W6 should be making our calculations with un- known quantities. In the first place, we ara quite in ignorance as to tho conreo which may be taken hythe new Housoof Commons, Its composition ÍB to a largo extent unknown ; its Bontimcnt3 and sympathies untested. A. considerable majority In favour of Lord Palmerston's Government was claimed at the close of the elections ; but that great statesman has passed away, and what the principles of tho government of his successors will be cannot at present bo predicated ; so that scores of representatives may soo fit to trnnsft-r their allegiance to Mr. Disraeli or Mr. Bright. Then, in the next place, tho cha- racter and personnel of the now Cabinet ara yet uncertain. All that wo know positively is that Earl Russell has been charged to re- constitute tho Ministry, that this has been undertaken with the cordial concurrence of Mr. Gladstone, and that the noble earl ex peotcd to bo successful. Lord Clarendon, it Is understood, is designated for tho Foreign oflico. Hor Majesty returns to Windsor on Saturday next, the 28th. when the lise will be> submitted to her, and I shall bo able to in- form you of tho rosult by telegram. EARL RUSSELL. Although Earl Russell is by no-means popular with the nation at large, tho vordict of the country generally has endorsed tho. Queen's choice. Tho Premiership of the Earl is accepted, not from hearty appreciation* but from a sonso of neceeslty. Wo aie shut up to a narrow circle. Only four names have been mentioned as in any wise eligible for tbo onerous post, and of those only ono is that of a Commoner. Tho candidate, whoso merits and demorltB havo boen freely canva'Bci by the prosa as well a» in every piivato circle, aro Earl Russell» Earl Granvll'o, Lord Oiarondon, ond Mr. Gladstone Tho actual contest lay betwoon the fust and tho last. The Times stoutly obampioncl tho claims of Mr. Gladstane, and published on Monday hiBt au article so full of vituperative depreeiotion oí Earl RusEull, that people asked each othor what tho outburst of nuimostty could mean. It argnes great self-abnegation and magna- nimity on tho part of Mr. Qlaclstsuu, that be> should havo consented to take a eccond part when he might have insisted on assuming the iii st: for a Ministry from which tha Chancellor chooses to withdraw must inevit- ably collapse. AR leader of tbo Houso of Com n ODF, however, he will b3 real, though not nominal, chief; and Bhould he acquit him- self lutiBfactorily in that capacity, it will not bo long ore the Premiership is within his; grasp. THE LAST MOMENTS OF PAL- MERSTON. The decease of Lord Palmerston carno upon the nation at last almost as suddenly as that of the late Prlnco Consort, produolng agrlof quite as profound, and a sense of loss fax moro keen. Meetings of sympathy ara being held in all parts of tho eonntry; mt Bt age s of condolence aro pouring in upon the bereaved fanoily from the Royal bouse, from foroign courts, and from pri- vate friends ; and e.t the urgent request of tha Queen, all the arrangements for a private funeral at Romney have been cancelled, and tbe remains of the greatest statesman of the age are to find repose In company with tha relics of his great colleagues, Pitt and Can- »ing, in Westminster Abbey. f The interment takes place to-mbrrow. - I*i -the Vmeantioae, the body lies in state at. Cambridge house. The death happened at Brockett-hall, In Hertfordshire, a seat of Ltdy Palmerston's, on Wednesday rnornisig, the 18th inst, two days before completing hie eighty first yean He had been an Inv¿ia ever sinco the dissolu- tion, and the gen <jral impression was that he would abdicate hfe function» before the re-os Bemhlingot Parliament. The fatal seizure ooenrred just a fortnight since, from a chill which he toot wallu driving out. Ho rallied, however, for a tirae^ but on Saturday, the lath, there waB a relapse of BO serious a cha- racter that a telegraphic report was -sent to the Queen *at Balmoral. -On Monday and Tuesday tarera Was again a marked tmprovo* ¡ ment, but on the .evening of the Utter day, I there wita » second i elapso, from which ho nove» rallied. Ho was conscious to the last, exctpt Tor Bhort intervals during tho nicht, when his mind wandered'to the Belgrfcn treaty. His manner was calm and resigned, and bis death was «pparcntly unattended by suffering. , T1IE IRISH TIED REPUBLICANS. Thanks to the patriotism of sundry in- formers, the communicative counwsy of Mr. ?Seward, and the promptitude and vigour of tho Dublin-Executive, a Republican President is not ruling the " Gem of the Sea " from Dub tlln Castle. Thanks*to the same agencies, toge- ther with the stupendous folly of the Fenian TjrnggartB themselves, the "Roman Catholic bishops have not beon masacrad, tho great territorial nobles have not been assassinated, their property consumed, nor their confis- cated landa derided among a swarm of base born caitiffs. Yet suck are some of the di- vulged aims -of the Fenian ringleaders. The olgectB of the movement were not so much (political'as eocial. Xvlurder and spoliation aro the weapons by which-the sansculotte patriote propose to redress their country's grievances. Not only was this grave charge elicited-from the confessions of " approvers," 'hut it is supported by documentary evi- dence, among which aro two extraordi- nary letteis. One, signed J. O Doherty (MajoT), was addressed to Mr. O'Lsary, ono of 1 the accused, and recommended " the burning of all crops growing, and the houghing of all the cattle on the landB" from which tenants may have been evicted. This letter was dated 'October, 1863, but was found In 'O'Learj 'B possession. The other was addressed 1C. M. O-'Keeffe, a man of some literary pre- tensions, and one of the accuBed, to Mr. Luby, another of the prisoners, in which it wus re- commended that the aristocracy of Ire- land Bhould bo first written down, and then killed by the people, after the 'French example. The Duke of Lein- ster, the Marquis of Ormonde, and the Marquis of Sligo, are specially named. A bitter agrarian feeling appears to be at the 'root of the conspliacy, which is directed as much against their own ancient leaders as against the new English proprietors. The priesthood seem to have incurred their dis- trust and revengeful hostility, in consequence < of the firm Btand they have taken against the wicked movement. 15ven the Pope, in a recent Allocution against secret sociotles, has taken occasion to denounce the Fenian -organisation. The Government, it appears, have been vigilantly watching the leading Fenians for .some eight months, and were thoroughly aware during all that time of their alms, . objects, and organisation. Their letters have 'been intercepted, and they thomselves watched almost from hour to hour by detoc tives whom thoy never Buspectcd. Infor .mers, too, havo taken the oath, and exhibited unusual zeal in the futherance of the conspiracy, in order that they might master the secrets of the organisation, and procure evidence for the conviction of the criminals. Within a very short time the authorities laid their hands on £5,000 in vari- ous sums, which had boen sent over by the American Celts to aid their brethren here in overthrowing the Queen's authority in Ire- land. Several valuable hauls, moreover, wura made on board the American steam packets ; but for the future these isolated heralds and pioneers of the great invading host from the West will take warning by the hard fate of their predecessors, and will, if thoy cross the Atlantic at all, come with as few compromising Insignia and documents as possible. The poor de- luded dupes in Ireland had been led to believe that war-ships were on their way from America with tho nucleus of the great revo- lutionary army, aB well as abundance of military stores; and tho presence of nume- rous ciuiBers and war-sloops in the Shannon, Bantry Bay, and Cork Harbour, gave a cer- tain support to tho rumour. Nothing at all formidable, howover, has yet turned up. The leaders were evidently in expecta- tion of an early rupture between England -and the United States-which they havd laboured with a malignaut pettinaclty to produce-in which case the signal would havo been given for a general rlelug and mas- sacre of the Saxons. The conspiracy happily was detected and defeated ia time ; about -200 leaders and recruits have been arrested, only a Email proportion of whom are charged with the graver offence; some have bsen re- leased, others liberated on bail, and tho more Îiuilty committed for trial. Several of the atter are "old bands ;" they have compromised themselves on former occasions, and it is not to be expected that Government will weakly waBte their clemency upon them again. One of the leading conspirators, a Mr. Jas. Stevens, an old heio of tho cubbage-garden campaign, has given the authorities the slip. When tho swoop was mado upon the Irish People establishment Stevons skedaddled, and has hitherto eluded the police, in spite of a large offor of reward for his capture. With the exception of this "captain of all the Fenians " in Ireland, all the chief members of the "executive " appear to bs In custody. THE NEWS IN AMEKIOA. The news of the arrests in Ireland, on reaching Amorlca, occasioned great excite- ment among the brotherhood. Astonishment has paralyzed them for tho present. Angry vituperation, savage defiance, and threats of terrible things to bo dono by and-bye, are of course plentiful. A Philadelphian cotre spondent, writing thrco weeks after the intelligence of Governmental action had arrived out, says that nothing had then been done by tho 200,000 Fenians in the West beyond two noisy meetings, at New "tTork and Philadelphia, at which the Saxon was lustily denounced. At the meeting in the latter city 300 were pressnt, thero was hut a single speaker, and the subscriptions on the occasion were sufticient to equip two Fenians with muskets. " The whole thing," says tho writer, "Boems to have fizzled out as soon OB tho first call for active operations was made." There are even grave doubts if the Fenians do possess tho strength of 200,000 men thoy boast of, for their circles are all Binall, and if they bave a very large memhorship tho rank and filo do not attend very closoly to tho duties of tho order. An estimate, geuerally thought reliable, places the number of active Fenians in America at 10,300, divided thus : Chicago, 500 ; St. Louis, 500 ; Now York, 2,500; Cincinnati, 500; Baltimore, 500; Clovo land, 400; Detroit, 400: Boston, 300; Hart- ford, 250; Newhaven, 250; Springfield, 100; Albany. 200; Philadelphia. 1,000; Pittsburg. 400; other places, 2,000. This is a vory Binall estimate, but, so far as any evidenco is given of activity in America, It must include all who can bo relied upon to tako part In any revolutionary deslgus, for 10,800 Irishmen bent on any other object certainly would do more to attract attention than the Fenians do. An invasion of Ireland by so small a body certainly cannot be feared in England. The Times urges periodical doses of Royalty aB tho most cffeotual cure for Fonianism, and other Irish disorders. THE WEATHER AND PESTILENCES. A chango-and a very welcome one-has como at length. Wearied with sunshino, parched with drought, and alarmed by the stealthy approaches of the " pestllonce that ?wasteth at noonday," overyhody panted for rain, and prayod for the return of tho banished clouds. Throughout September, tho weather was semi-tropical in its cha- racter. For the brilliancy of its days, the copious dows of ita nights, and the intensity of its noonttdo heats, the month has been almost unprecedented In tho mo mory of the living. Mr. Allnatt gives In The Times an account of the remarkable meteor ' ology of the month. The thermometer re- peatedly ranged above eighty degrees in tho .shade, and 125 degrees in the bim ; and the fall oí dew was sometimes equal to a ton and a hilf p.°x acre. Bnt for this fall there would havo boen a serious drought, as, indeed, thero ia to a dangerous extent in somo parts of iTorope. There have been few thunderstorm^ »nd those few bat slight, although whei.^ rain has fallen during the fummer it has descended with tropical vio- lence, fury, and ca,"u*c*0I-81leM' So o-Wesslvo was the heat last m».'>u'h that even the eager seal of the sportsman ***, overpowered, and inj rinds of birds obtain^ "» extended lease of h>e. But while not without thoir enjoy- able concomitants to the'strong and robust, these «Uruatio influences havo beon at- tended hy BO many drawbacks that we are already satisfied with our experi- mental trial of South Afrloan woftthor. The hard grey sky and the dismal drízale of oar seagirt isle have boon longod for as a mercy ; for we find that we oannot havo Boothera brightness and fervent temperature without southern plagues and pssMlencoB. As a jour iialiet observes, " cholera is poorly co japan sated by deep sunlight, rinderpest is scarcely paid for by blue skies, and yellow fever is » hateful accompaniment to balmy winds. Tho lustre of the day hardly make] ?op for tbe fever-bringing base of the moram?, ; .and the enjoyment of the old in the light is damped by the weary lassitude which the brightness often communicates to the young." So, provided we can banish tho oholeia, the cattle murrain, and the- plague of insects, we are willing to go back to our east wind, our influenza, and catarrhal affections In general. Although thore has been no virulent out break of pestilence), yet tho foo in varied forms has been so 4ong lurking among us, and striking dovrn. its victims here and there, that a feeling of deep uueasiness had taken possession of the publlo mind. All animal life seems to have boeu injuriously affected. The electrical conditions of the atmosphere essential to vitality and health have been BO deranged, that a large number, not only of human beings, but also of cattle, are predisposed to attacks of illness. Yet, happily, other conditions necessary to a vio- lent and desolating outburst of disease have boon absent, BO that what we havo suffered is only a salntury waining of tho calamity to which we aro exposed if sanitary precautions are not vigilantly enforcod. CHOLERA AT SOUTHAMPTON. The alarm excited by the reported appear- ance of Asiatic cholera at Southampton, was intensified by the advent of yellow fever at SwanBen. Neither can be said to have as- sumed an epidemic form, though numerous fatal cases have occurred. The history of the outbreak of fever at Swansea is as follows : The barque Hecla, from Cuba, arrived at the port in question'a few weeks ago with a cargo of copper ore. The fact transpired, shortly after tita arrival, that yellow fever was on board, and that one man had died of that dis- ease on the day after the vessel reached Swan- sea. The mayor onhearlngofthecircumstance ordered the vessel to be fumigated, the clothes of the deceased to he burnt,|und]other precau- tions to be taken. The proper stop-that of ordering the Hecla to sea again-was not faken. After the lapse of a few days, the disease revealed itself in the town, nndgin another week some ten or twelve deaths had taken placo. Its ravages have since been checked by a lowering of the temperature, and as the summer may now bo regarded as at an end, it may be hoped that they will extend no further. The introduction of this terrible scourge of Africa, the West Indies, and tropical America, to English soil, however, has naturally awakened considerable alarm ; and had the importa- tion occurred two or three months earlier, the loss of life wonld probably have boen very severe. Dr. Buchanan, physician to the London Fever Hospital, who was despatched by Government on the first rumour to investigate the matter, is said to have expressed opinions of a re-assuring cha- racter. It is only on tho excitemont of this untoward event that the local authorities of SwanBea have appointed a medical officer for the borough, at a salary of £1C0 per annum ! Several undoubted cases of Asiatic cho- lera have occurred at Southampton and some outlying villages. The first victim was a working man, about thirty years of age, who succumbed about thirty-Bix hours from his first attack. Tho illness was ascribed to his having betn engaged a few days previously in cleaning out a very offensive cesspcol, and for some time past he had been working on the steam mud-dredging machine in the barbour, which had brought on diarrhoea The second ca°e was that of n woman living In a different part of the town, and presented similar symptoms. The third was a highly respectable man, sixty-two years of age, who was attended by four of the best medical prac- titioners of the district, but all their efforts to Eave his Hfo were in vain. Every symptom of the dreadful disease was present in this case. Several other deaths have taken place at Sholing-common and Bitterne, healthy spots from two to four miles from Southamp- ton, in tho direction of Netley. The disease is not believed to have been introduced by the mail steamers. The terrible disease has mode its appear- ance at Sheffield and at Wisbeacb, and al- most evory week several cases ore reported in the metropolitan bills of mortality, The victims are not numerous, but these sporadic cases, breaking out so capriciously, are full of significance and warning. The most alarm- ing instance of this kind has ocouired at Epping, where twelve oases of great virulence happened, of which five died. With tho ex- ception of a medical man, who contracted the disease and succumbed, the victims all be- longed to one housohold. The bonna which has suffered by this awful visitation is said to be beautifully situated on rising groun-i ; but the drainage is very bad. In Fronce, the ravages of tbo malady have been far more severo aud alarm- ing. From Marseilles the deadly visit- ant has spread to Toulon, to Aries, Nemes, Sollies Pont, La CiBtoI, and to PnriB. From Marseilles and Toulon there has been a rather extensive emigration ; and in Paris, though every precaution is taken not to disquiet the public mind, a slight panic has taken place. The apprehension, however, bas had reference more to the possible deve- lopments of the pestilence than to the losses which have been actually suffered. In Gibraltar, tho deaths by oholera'ln two months amounted to about 470, in a population of 24.CC0. In Malta, where the disease appears to have died out, from fifty to sixty deaths c ccurred weekly for some time In Madrid, great consternation has been exoited by the havoc committed. There was for several days a regular stampede from the city, and soldiers had to be placed at the railway-stations to keep order, for, in thoir mad haste to get away, the fugitives rushed into the trains without waiting to take tickets. Be- tween 1Ö0 and 2C0 cases per day have been reported. From the sea-board towns of Spain, from Constantinople, and the whole Turkish littoral of the Black Sea and the Sea of Marmora, the epidemic is fast disap- pearing. THE REPORT PRESENTED TO THE EMPEROR. In connection with this subject, I may mention that an important report has boen recently presented to the Emperor Napoleon, on tho most effectual means of arresting the spread of the cholera. It is tbo joint produc- tion of M. Drouyn de Lhuys and M. Bohle, the French Minister of Agriculture and Public Works. The writers adopt the view thal the cholera is brought to Europe hy way of Egypt, from Mecca and Djedda, by M-iho mcrion pilgrlmB; and it IB useless, it is argued, to attempt to arrest the plaque in its course, by quarantines and such like mea- sures : tho proper thing is to Btiflo the disease inits cradle. "There is always cholera,"8avs M. Behlc, "among the poor and filthy pil- grims who flock to Mecca for the Feast of Sacrifice." This year tho number of devotees has been much larger than usual-not less than 200,000. M. Behic estimates at one million the number of camels and sheep slain as sacrifices, whose remains have been left to rot in the open air. Steam navi- gation has increased tho danger of infec- tion from the pilgrims, whoso constitu- tion?, brokon down by all eorts of privations, aro prone to toko the disease, the clements of which nTo concentrated at Mccco. Formerly, when thov could only get awoy by tedious journoys incaravanp, they were tojlsome ex- tent purified before they got homo. But now steam whhks the devotees back with all the seeds of contagion ripe for development within thom. The French Ministers think that if proper caro had been taken in regula- ting tho transport of theso masses of people, and attention had been given by the local sanitary authorities, it might havo been pos- sible to extinguish or insulate tho centres of an infection which has spread from Egypt to Syria, to Asia Minor, aud finally to the South of Europe Thoy, there fore, propose the meeting of a conference to icquire whether it may not be necessary to establish an international sanitary ad minis tration at Djedda and Suez, with every pos- sible guarantee of loyal impartiality, co- operated with by tho Eastern Governments, whose subjects are the first to fool tbo devas- tating effects of the rsstllence. The Times expresses tho hope that this effort to mitigate a growing danger may not bo defeated by prejudices and political jealousies. Turkey has acopted the proposal ; and has appointed a commission to institute inquiries at Medina, Mecca, and Djedda. into the causes of the recent epidemic; while most of the other European Governments have signified their approval of the measure. I THE CATTLE MURRAIN. I ¡A new' and alarming phase of the cattle plague exhibited itself about a mouth Bince. I Tho'disease, in a very fatal form, has ex tended to Bheep, in different porte of the ' country. Professor Simonds, in a letter to Tiie Timvs, detailing a cese in which a flock of 120 lambs, bought at Thetford Fair, and driven from Fakenham Station to Blakeney, wer« attacked virulently by tho disease, of which a great number periehed. On reaching their destination, unusual symptoms of fatigue wera observable, whioh it was soon discovered were not the mere effect of hot weather and a long jonrney. On the 2áth of August-a week after their purchase two of the most ailing were removed from the field to a shed, in which a cow was also placed. On the 25th two lambs died, and, on the 20th, the whole flock were brought into the yard in which the shed stood. Another shed was sepaiatcd from this yard by nothing more than some furze fagots, and into thia shed some cows wera driven night and morn- ing, for the purpose of being milked. From this time the disease spread among the lambs with the same deadly rapidity which has cha- racterised its ravages among herds of cows, until, on the 22nd of September, foity-six of the flock were dead and twenty-seven were seriously affected. The symptoms were pre- cisely those of the cattlu plague, and post- mortem examinations revealed all the too familiar features of that malady. But there is another aBpect of the case. However the disease was originated in the lambs, thoy were undoubtedly the means of infecting the cows which were brought Into contiguity with them. It was on the 24th of August that a cow was first lodged In the same shed with the two lambs. Fourteen days afterwards-or, as Mr. Simonds puts It, ten days after the last exposure to the sheep this very cow was stricken down. Four days later a second cow, one of those that had been milked In the adjoining shed, also fell ill, and by the 16th of Septembsr all the cows, a calf, and a heifer, were doad. When it is remem btied that the plague had not appeared among any cattle within a distance of fourteen miles from the farm, the evidence of direct infec- tion from the sheep to the cattle is very strong. How the lambs contracted the disease we arc not informed ; but a case occurred almost simultaneously in the Bame county (Norfolk), which seems to show that the plague can be conveyed from cows to Bheep. A malady, apparently identical, has boen ravaging a large flock, belonging to Mr. R. J. H. Harvey, M.P. Of 2,074, nearly one half have perished. Dr. Letheby, Professor Symonds, and other emi- nent practitioners, went down to study the disease, and to perform post-mortem examina- tions. Saline draughts wera administered with marked advantage to the animals at- tacked. Two-thirds of those who drank a strong solution of salt recovered. In Wiltshire, a "flock of 109 lambs have perished, forty-nine having died of the dis- ease, the remaining sixty were purchased hy the associated agriculturists of the district at 20s. a bead, and slaughtered. On a farm near Rotherbama fiookofeeveutyshoep havo been nearly all swept away. Similar reports are received from many other districts. In Norfolk and Suffolk the losses are really calamitous. One hears on every side of persons utterly ruined by the sudden destruction of their dairies of cows. In Scotland, the scourge is spreading with alarming rapidity ; and even in Ireland, according to Professor Ferguson, a disease has broken out, vory much reBembling farcy in horses. Swellings on tho knees, tumours on different parts of the body, suppuration, and fever, are some of the symptom?, which generally terminate in death. Pigs are now said to be dying by hundreds in various districts ; poultry in France arc also afflicted with an unprece- dented mortality ; and, tolcomplete the circle of disaster, a rumour was set afloat, by no. loss a personage than Mr. Edmund Tattersall, that the rinderpest was making havoc with| our horses. That would have been terrible news indeed ; but it was afterwards discovered that the assertion had been ventured on without correct data. Some two or three horses had diedj exhibiting symptoms similar to tho9o manifested by our cows and oxen ; and Mr. Tattersall was anxious, in case of the spread of the malady, to put owners in possession of a specific, consisting of homoeopathic doses ¡of arsenic, which had been commu- nicated by a Hungarian officer. Besides the foregoing onslaught of disease upon animal life, there comc3 from Nottingham- shire the statement that in that district the warrens are strewod with dead rabbits, be lived to have died from the all-desolating Elague. Amidst all these alarming tidings, owever, it must be borne in mind that a season seldom passes without ravages of disease among our odible stock, but in ordi- nary times these calamities are seldom hoard of beyond the localities where they fall; where UB now, every such visitation is reported in the newspapers, and commented upon and wranggltd over by medical practitlonors and scientific men. This by way of abate- ment to any excessive alarm ; yet with every disposition to take as cheerful aviow OB poBBible of our position and prospects, there can bo no doubt that we shall feel the effects of the murrain for years to como. By death and wholesale slaughter we are cutting off the stock needed for reproduction. Shortness of supply and extremely high prices for moat are inevitable results. On the subject of a spe- cific for tbo euro of the disease, wo are as far from any agreement as ever. The respective advocates of the theories of importation, in- fection, and spontaneous generation ore con- tending more fiercely than ever; while the celebrated Dr. Callen pronounces the visita- tion to be a judgmont of God on man for his worship of the inferior animals, THE CATTLE DISEASE COMMISSION. The Home Office has appointed a commis- sion to inquiro into the origin and nature of the cattle plague, the best mode of treat- ment, and the most efficient preventives. The commission includes Lord Spencer, Rord Cranbourne, Mr. Robert Lowe, Mr. Lyon Playfair, 2*.. R. Quain, M.D., and several other agriculturists and physicians. "It wantp, however," remarks the Spectator, "one addition-that of a shrewd browbeating Cid Bailey lawyer who can cow the doctors into something like accuracy and moderation. Thero never was such an exposure of n pro- fessedly scientific profession as this Rinder- pest has made of the veteriuaty surgeons. No two of them agree, not one considers it needful to reconcile theory and facts, and their great gun. Mr. Gamgee, whilo opening a new 'college' at Bayswater, re- peated for the hundiedth time that science was powerless, and that the only romedies for the disease wero tho poleaxe and the knifo. Tho herd with the disease in it is to be slaughtered lest it should die. If that is all veterinary scienco can do we trust the next farmer who is threatened will save his monoy and his temper by consulting that much more appropriate authority-tho nearest butcher. Mr. Gamgee says we kill any horse with the glanders-are, indeed, compelled to do it by Act of Parliament. Very true, but that act was passed because glanders is what ho peremptorily declares the Rinderpest is not, communtcablo to human beings." NEW COLONIAL BISHOP. " The Archbishop of ICanterbury," says the John Bull," "at the request of the Primate of New Zealand, has nominated the Rev. H, L. Jenner, vicar of PreBton- cnm-Wingham, Kent, to the new colonial bishopric of Dunedin. The new dioceBe will include the provinces of Otago and Southond, now in tho dioceso of Christchurch. Otago, it will be remembered, was nearly an altogether Scotch colony at first, but the gold-fieldB have now collected a very largo population. ROYAL BUCCANIEBING. Tho modern Ahab has gono down and taken possession of the long-coveted vine- yard. In other words, the King of Prussia has formally seized upon the first instal- ment of his ill-acquired territory. Thus, month by month, the work of rapacity goes on, audaciously yet quiotly. What has hap- pened in Lauenherg so recently, will take place with respect to Holstein and Schleswig, ere many moons have waxed and waned ; for Is not Europo under the sway of the glorious doctrine of non-intervention? There is no one, now-a-days, to say nay to any royal or imperial robber, provided he be sufficiently discieet and bold. Tbo prize only awaits the hand of daring. Diplomatists will grumble, and threaten, perhaps, in senilo memory of a fast expiring ago of meddlesomeness : but every offender knows that the power to bite has passed away. So, after going through a mock ceremonial of recognition as the future Duke of Lauenhnrg, the Prussian Son of Heaven is said to be preparing for the annexation of the "liberated''Duchies; and his unscrupulous abettor, the newly-created count, has been on a visit to Napoleon at I i BloTrita, to win him over to theschomoof aggrandisement. Prufs'an official journals repTLKQut the reception to have baoa most cordial, and the Imperial acquiesenco in Bia ' nmrck's ambitious projects unquestionable. A parallel is drawn between this sinister meeting and that of tbe Empsror aad Cavour atPlombiorts just previous to tho Italian war, and politicians are wondering what bribe the greedy Prussian has offered the champion of Italian nationality for connivance at the per- petration of a fresh European crime. The Rhine boundary is, of course, the favourite idea. The Journal des Debate, it appears, has sold itself to the Prussian Government, to do for Its masters what the Morning Chronicle once did for the Tuileries, and the Daily Veroa lately did for the American Embassy. The French print has some mysterious and highly-placed correspondents at Berlin, whoBO letters are from time to time summarised in its co- lumns. It lately stated, with an air of anthority, that the proviaional state of things, as eütabllehed by the Gasteln Conven- tion, is to be modified by tho definitive an- nexation of Schleswig and Holstein ; and it intimated pretty clearly that Austria would Interpose no obstacle, for that needy partner in the guilt of conquest was not indisposed to sell her share in the Duchies for a handsome sum down, as in tho caso of Laueuburg. The secon- dary Gorman states are too insignificant and divided to be heeded in their fussy re- monstrances ; while the Great Powers are considered to havo deprived them-elvcs of tho right to dictate or interfere. If France can hu conciliated, England will be haughtily defied. Austria has beon thoroughly cowed, and after tho ineffectual attempt to resist and resent th6 aggressions of her rival a few months since, she id not likely to resort to Intimidating tactics ogain. Hor mean spirited truckling to Prussia was al- ways a mystery to the public, but the Viouna correspondent of The Times throws some light on the matter. " A fact," he Bays, "has just come to my knowledge which proves that Austria yielded to force majeure when she concluded with Prussia the Con- vention îelative to the Gorman Duchies. At the beginning of August, it was proposed, in a council of Ministers, to reject the proposals made by PruBsia at the beginning of the year, and to uphold the rights of Schleswig-Holstein and of the Germanic Confederation. As the idea found fa- vour with the majority of the mem- bers of the Cabinet, it was proposed that an army should be placed in readiness (bereitschaft) in Galacia and Bohemia. Au estimate of the expense attendant on such a measure was made, and it was found that the extraordinary outlay would bo 60,000,ODOfl. Count Larisoh expressed his inability to raise that sum for warlike purposes, und Count Blome, therefore, received orders from the Emperor to yield to M. von Bismark." The correspondent of the Daily News, writing from the same capital, offers a solution of the Biarritz enigma, on what he deems unquestionable authority. A secret arrangement exists, he is assured, be- tween Napoleon and Count Bismark, un- known to the King, and unknown also to the Qaeen-widow, who ploys no inconsiderablo part in Prussian politics. This concealment is based on the irresolution and indecision of the King, who has to bo gradually inured to certain views before there is nny chance of his sanction being obtained by his unscrupu- lous Minister. He must be brought almost unconsciously into deep water, like the child who fears to take a bath. Little more than a year ago His Majesty shrank from the very idea of annexation ; now ho is disposed to go the whole animal. Whon at Klsslngen, in tho summer of 1861, during a con- versation oh'the Schleswig-Holsteln question, the King exclaimed, violently and angrily, "I will not hoar'that word 'annexation' again. 1 forbid its UEO in my presence." One of those prrsent looked inquiringly and surprised at Bismark, who made light of these words, and said, " You must not attach aDy importance to such expressions. His Majesty Bpeaks in that way now, but tbo thing is to bring him to accustom himself to a certain thought, and whon once ho has got used to it, he will gradu- ally adopt and carry it out." The writer thinks that Bismark and Napoleon have concocted some scheme between them, which will be gradually disclosed to tho King and to the world. The Presse of the ldth contains a letter from Berlin, in which it is announced with certainty that Bismark is negotiating with France about the possession of Belgium. France, so it is said, is desirous of having the Venetian question settled, and pro- poses to recompense Austria for the loss of Venetia by letting her take the Danu bian provinces. The Elbe Duchies are to fall to Prussia and Belgium-either in full, or part to France. In the meantime, other prey is being sought for. The Prussian wolf is determined to swallow Germany piecemeal. While the German deputies were- recently discussing, at Frankfort, the illegality of the proceedings of the two powers in the duchieB, they have aimed a blow at German independence nearer home. They have first addressed a note to the Frankfort Senate, asking for stringent measures against public meetings, political clubs, and the liberty of the press, threatening, in case of non compliance, to take the govornment of that free city into their own hands. Great indignation has of course been roused by this arbi- trary demand, and it was at first deter- mined to lodge a complaint with the Diet. That intention, however, is deferred ; and for the present it has been resolved by the Senat» of 1< rankfort to address an idontical note to Austria aud Prussia, energetically Tepelling the imputations made by those powers. THE POSITION OF AUSTRIA. AuBtria, meanwhile, is putting hor house in order, so far as is possible. As nothing can be done without money, she ÍB endeavouring to negotiate a largo loan. And as Herr von Schmerling's grand scheme of fusion and centralization, after a trial of four years, has utterly failed, the Emperor IB about to try the federative principle.S|The Impe- rial rescript, Issued about a month since, pro- duced on its first publication mingled feelings. In some quarters there was not only appre- hension, but consternation, lest this sum- mary abolition of the Constitution should turn out to be a coup d'état. That fear, how- ever, was gradually dissipated, and there is now a general disposition to confide in the honesty and good fuith of the Emperor. Hungary has responded with gratitude and trust, and thero is every reason to hopo that the new experiment in governing this heterogeneous empire will prove in a great mt asure successful. A despatch has been ad- dressed to the Cabinets of the Great Powers, in which the Austrian Minister declares, in very emphatic language, that the late mani- festo does not cover a retrograde political movement. On the contrary, foreign Cabi- nets are to understand that the Emperor has decided on maintaining a representa- tive form of Government for the whole em- pire, after each of the states have made known their wants through the medium of the Diets, which Ehall bo worked by an executive de- sirous of promoting liberal measures, and of responding to the wants of the people. The Kaisor is giving pledges of his liberal inten- tions by proposing to abolish passports for Englishmen, if not for all foreigners ; and also hy carrying out thomeaaurosoi retrench- ment recommended by the late Reichsrath, AUSTRlATÑb SPAIN. A remarkable correBpondonco between the Foreign Ministers of Austria and Spain, on the subject of the recognition of Italy, has been made public. It is believed to have been issued at the instigation of the French Government, and has greatly annoyed the Vienna Cabinet. Count Mensdorff, it ap- pears, remonstrated against the conduct of Spain towards Italy as a broach of a tacit agreement, as a concession to revolutionary ideap, which " appear to be too prevalent in Spain," and aa dangerous to tho throne of the Bourbon Queon. The Spanish Minister retorts with diplomatic sarcasm, telling the Austrian Minister that his country had interests in Italy which Spain had not-that his own sovereign's throne was quite safe in the attachment of her people-that in 1818 tho monarchy passed unhurt through a crisis which "brought ancient monarchies, which thought themselves not to be shaken, to the brink of the a by BB"-and that Austria herself " bos finished by adopting Spanish insti- tutions." All this is very pungent and true, though perhaps indiscreet. It is a!Roland for on Olivtr, but will not be at all conducive to friendly relations between the two courts. Viewed in reference to tbe Pope, this antagonism between the leading upholders of the temporal power does not encourage the expectation once cherhbed of an AuBlro-Spanlsh inter- vention on behalf of the Holy Father when the crisis comee, as come it must now very speedily. THE FRENCH AT ROME. The removal of the French troops has «heady commenced. Fxosiuono. and Veliotri have been evacuated, and the detachments engaged on the mountaius in pursuing bri- j gsndB have been ordered to rejoin their re- spective regiments. The clerical party IB in consternation, for they never believed in the sincere intentions of Napoleon in respect to the convention. The ex-King of Naples, too, is seriously diEquieted, as he muit soon fly to some new place of refuge. The death of Monsignor Murode has been falsely reported. He, however, has been very ill, and has resigned the portfolio of Minibter of War, which is held ad interim by Cardinal Antonelll Serious bcandals ara afloat respecting tho dismissed Minister. The change is a hopeful ono for Italy. Cardinal d'Andrea has made another effort to disenchant his colleagues of their illusions. He tells them that as Milan is now free, BO must Venice be pre- sently, and Italy will be ona. They had better recogniEc facts, make concessions, and reconoilô themselves with Italy while they can. The Popo replies to this sensible letter by threatening to deprive the cardinal of dioccss, and, instead of listening to his good counsel, he tries to replace tho French troops at Rome by Bavarian and Austrian soldiers. The Holy Father, moreover, with strange perversity, has come out vehemently against the Freemasons and other secret societies, whom he denounces as ruinous to the church and to civil governments. His ire was specially directed against the show the masons made at the funeral of Marshal Magnat), one of tholr chiefs. RIOTS IN SPAIN. Early in the month;thero wore some tumul- tuous disturbances at Saragossa, arising from a determination on the part of the working population to resist the payment of the muni- cipal octroi. Tho troops were called out, and fired repeatedly on the people, killing BÍX persons and wounding many more. The con- flict was renewed for several days. RUSSlTÏN ASIA. A rumour has reached us that Russia has obtained possession of Samarcand, once tho seat of a mighty empire. This significant fact will send the Ruisophobists Into fresh spasms of terror for the safety of British India. _ THE UNITED STATES. THE ALABAMA QUESTION-REFUSAL OF COMPENSATION. At last we know the nature of the demands made by America for the losses inflicted by the Alabama, and other Confederate (cruisers escaped from our ports, and the answer of our own Government. There is no longer any menacing mystery lia the matter. The publication of the correspondence between Mr. Adams and Earl Russell places the subject In all its bearings befoie na ; and it is not often that questions involving more impor- tant consideiationB, precautionary as well as retrospective, come under discussion. The rights of all neutral nations are affected, and our own position in the future, not less than the commerce which has suffered. But the die is cast, and the country without fear accepts the issue ; wo await with a measure of im- patience some symptoms of the final action of the American Government, and while we have no apprehension of immediate war, are yet prepared for the worst, should loud tongneddemagogueseväT force itupon us. Most Englishmen will have been prepared for our formal refusal of tho Northern claims to com- pensation. You will not expect me to follow in detail the voluminous arguments hy which either diplomatist endeavours to make good his case. The correspondence, which consists of five elaborate letters, exchanged between April and September, is conducted on both fides with much dignity and moderation of language, and with many expressions of a desire to maintain amicable relations. But the points of difference between the two Governments remain as they wero ; there does not appear the slightest ap- proach to a substantial agreement. For the proposal of Earl Russell, to refer to a mixed commission " all claims of the two nations which their respective Governments shall agree to submit," haa but the semblance of relation to the question in dispute, and offers no real solution of the difficulty. The constitution of such a commission, so as to secure an impaitial decision such as should command final assent, would be itself a work of no small labour ; but we are relieved from this consideration by a semi- official an- nouncement which corrects the first popular impression, and makes it clear that the Ala- bama claims would not be Included amongst those which our Government would " agree to submit," supposing such a court estab- lished. Mr Adams puts the case strongly, as un paralleled in the history of the world, to the effect that "Great Britain, as a national power, is fast acquiring the entire maritime commerce of the United States, by reason of the acts of a portion of Her Majesty's subjects engaged in carrying on war against them on the ocean during a time of peace between the two cuuntrles ;" and he further contends that by our precipitate and unprecedented recog- nition of the belligerent rights of the Confederates before they had a Bingle vessel afloat, we virtually created their navy, which also we " have nursed and maintained to the present hour." Earl Russell-and in this point he is supported by Englishmen of all shades of political opinion-on the other hand argues that it was the Northern Government itself which, by the proclamation of a blockade, first acknowledged the insurgents as belli- gerents, and rendered Inevitable the course we adopted for the protection of our own interests. It seems idle to dispute about the piiorlty of dates, in regard to consecutive acts of the two Governments, seeing that the same determination must have been reached a few days earlier or later through the force of circumstances, which left no alternative ; but it can be clearly shown that the British Govern- ment had positive information of the Presi- dent's proclamation before it took this ueceB sory step-nay, that the very announcement of the blockade implied "an existing state of war," which alone would have sufficed to justify its procedure. In the paiticulat case of the Alabama, the Foreign Secretary, reviewing the facts, asserts that there was no official neglect, and that all possible vigilanco was used. Taking moro aggressive ground, he next points out that the United States did not RÍVC compensation to either Spain or Portugal for losses which their mer- chants had sustained nnder similar cir- cumstances ; and he quotes in evidence the statement of Mr, Adams's own grandfather, that " for such events no nation can in' principle, or does in practice, hold itBelf re- sponsible." In reply, Mr. Adams contunda that, by an alteration in the law, the Ameri- can Government did moet the just claims of these countries ; and he also enters at much length into the circumstances preceding the escape of the Alabama, complaining that not only was she allowed to get to sea through flagrant négligence, but that she was per- mitted to re-enter our ports, and was, indeed, treated with hospitality, whereas the British Government might at any time have legiti- mately seized her, as a ship built in violation of her neutral territory. To these statement Earl Russell replies in detail, ¡returning to the subject after an in- terval of three months. As to the alteration of the laws of the United States, at the re- quest of the Portuguese Minister, he observes that the law then adopted, and for which Mr. Adams takes credit to his country, sub- sequently becamo the model of the laws at present existing in Great Britain. Fi- nally, ho refers to the proposal mado some time ago to submit tho subject in dispute to aibltration, and this offer he docllnes. The questions raised, according to his view, resolve themselveB into two-first, whether the Queen's Government have acted in good faith in maintaining their declared neutrality; and second, whether the law officers of the Crown correctly interpreted a British statute. "Her Majesty's Government," he justly adds, " are Bolo guardians of their own honour. They cannot admit that they have acted with bad faith in maintaining the neutrality they professed. The law officers of the Crown must be held to be better interpreters of a British statute than any foreign Government can be presumed to be. Her Majesty's Go vernment must therefore decline either to make reparation and compensation, or to refer the question t- < any foreign state." In hiB last letter, which beare date the 18th ultimo, Mr. Adams still further pursues the controversy ; and intimates MB conviction that, if the doctrines and practices of the British Government are allowed to become the rule, the United States will not be the greatest loser by them. Thus the cale now stands. Notwithstanding his ingenuity, it is Impossible not to feei that Mr. Adams sometimes writeB as much for his country- men as for our Foreign Secretary-as, for example, when be carefully measures out the limits of hiB belief in the sincerity of our Government. That he baa had to draw on his invention for theories when facts have failed him, appears also in his argument that, if we had not acknowledged the Confederates as belligerent?, a simply municipal blockada, not affecting vessels on the high soa*, might have been declared. His strongest point boara upon the conduct of the Liverpool authorities, that by greater cara they did not prevent the Alabama from leaving their port. One thing he makes perfectly clear-that America has changed ber views as to the duties and re- sponsibilities of neutral nations. As to tbo light in which this correspondence is regarded here, I do not think I err in saying that the great bulk of the people heartily support the Government in the course it has taken, as from the first consistent with its avowed neutrality. There are some, how- ever, who would submit, not the " honour" of the country, but the general questions, which they hold not to affect it, to arbitration. And, while admitting the very serious injury inflicted on American commerce to havo been beyond our most friendly control, there is a still more influential party who would bo glud to take advantage of the present opportunity for the settle- ment of some of these debateable ques- tions of international praotlce, EO fruitful in recurring danger to ourselves ; and be willing -even this has been hint'd-to purchase by fair indemnity a treaty which should removo thom out of the region of contested prece- dents into the honourable guardianship of undisputed law. THE CONFEDERATE LOAN. In a matter of far le38 moment, Mr. Seward seems likoly to have his way, although illo- gical and dogmatic as usual. Certain hales of cotton belonging to the Con- federate Government having arrived in Liverpool, were claimed by the United States, whoBO right being disputed, the matter was refcired to ourOourt of Chancery, when Vice-Chancellor Stuart adjudged them to the United States, on the doubtful ground that they nre tho legal " successors " to the Confederate Government-a principle which wonld make the Northern Government refpoDBiblo also for the Confederate debt, Mr. Soward angrily repudiates both this judg ment and the jurisdiction of tho Court, and claims the cotton independently ; which most probably ho will be allowed to take under this decision, whether ho regardsitornot. As to the loan, he formally declares that tho North will not be responsible for the Southern debt. ¿propos of this subject, no small sensation was occasioned by the appearance in an Eng- lish journal, on the a nthority of the New York Times, which claimed to have official and authentic information, of a list of supposed subsciiber8 to the Confederate Cotton Loan. At the head Sir H. de Hoghton was placed, and he was said to have speculated to the amount of £180,000. Other names of greater political significance followed, The Marquis of Bath, Mr, Beresford Hope, and Mr. James Spence(aLiverpoolcorre<ipondentof7'Ae Times) were down for £60,000 each ; Mr. Lindsay and Mr. Laird, for £20,000 ; and then came Mr. B. Sampson, city editor of The Times, £16.000 ; Mr. J. Thaddeus Delane, editor of The Times, £10,000 ; and at the close stood the Right Hon. Wm. Ewart Gladstone, tho Chancellor of the Exchequer himself, for £2,000. On the very faco of it, the documont was suspicious. But the Morning Star, fleeming food for a startling leader, pounced upon it in blind partisanship, and scandalized our English journalism by its rapid digestion of these unfortunate bondholders. Not content with holding thom up to virtuous indignation. It found in some of the names an explanation of facts which had long perplexed its po- litical conFcicnce. Hero WOB tho key to the policy of The Times, the journal BO envied and abused ; here WOB the golden shower in which " The Thunderer " wrapt himself, and wooed the public in favour of the Southern cause. So base an imputation of motivos to public men, on grounds so nnconsidored and insuf- ficient, is, happily for our honour, exceedingly rare. The next day appeared an indignant rebuke from The Times, whose editor, it turDB out, never, at any time, had a farthing in the Confederate loan. Other disclaimers followed in quick suc- cession; and soon "the Lying List," as it was rightly dubbed, was Been to have not even the shadow of a foundation in fact. The Morning Star, yon may bo sure, has since paled somewhat, and in the literary firma- ment hangs some degrees lower. MEXICAN AFFAIRS. Some questioning, also, and temporary un- easiness has been occasioned by a state- ment from the American correspondent of The Times, to the effect that Mr. Seward bad addressed an indignant remonstrance to France, intimating that if certain Egyptian reinforcements, supposed to be in process of collection, were sent into Mexico, the Ame- rican Government would feel bound to In- terfere. It now, however, appears that the despatch which has given rise to this rumour is one of old date ; or if recent, of much less ominous character ; and that although The Times covers its retreat by maintaining the substantial accuracy of Its correspondent, the leading journal has for once stumbled into an.eiror. Yet we are assured that General Grant, usually so taciturn, goes about advo- cating freely tho Monroe doctrine. In Mexico itBelf, there was never less to justify inter- vention; the new empire is rapidly consoli- dating, and growing in popular favour. THE PRESIDENTIAL POLICY. Our intelligence from the South is alto- gether of a more hopeful character. Trade is reviving; immigrants are invited; even the "irrepressible negro" seems for tho time to be more tenderly regarded. The people are energetically using their political privileges ; and the more buoyant tone of feeling appa- rent has been greatly stimulated by the cle- ment policy of President Johnson. His speech, in answer to the Southern deputation, to which I referred in my last, so emphatically rpjects the dootrlnes of centralisation as to have greatly strengthened lils influença in the states lately restored to the Union, He has given still further evidence of his wish to conciliate, in the pardon of Vice-President Stephens, Finance Minister Trenholm, Judge Campbell, and other leaders of the secession ; and when a deputation waited on him the other day interceding for Mr. Davis, his answer plainly implied that, while it might be necessary for the constituted tribunal to decide on the eba-go of treason, be himself would not be reluctant to exercise the prero- gative of metcy. This marked change in the temper of his utterances indicates a widen- ing view of the 'circumstances of his posi- tion, and encourages the hope of a wise as well as firm administration. The Wirts' trial still drags painfully along: and it is curious to note the contradictions of evidence-witnesses for the defence, late pri- soners, now testifying not only to isolated acts of kindness but in direct denial of the charges of tho prosecution. The North la busy preparing for Congress, with the usual excitements of canvassing and elections. The most noticeable feature of these movements is the vote of the Connecticut Convention, which, hy a majority of 6,000, has declared against negro suffrage, and will probably carry with it a preponderating weight in pub- lic opinion. The President, in addressing a negro regiment, gave also an intimation of other possible contingencies, when he told the blacks that the problem was now to be solved whether they could minglo harmoniously in the sooial system, or " whether it would become necessary to set them apart as a separate and distinct people." MASSACRE OF INDIANS. One act of atrocity remalnB to be men- tioned-tho wholesale massacre of the Chey- enne Indians in the Colorado Territory' This friendly tribe bad delivered up its arms, and was living in peace, whon one day Colonel Chlvington, and a band of volunteers, bore down upon its encampments, and opened a merciless Aro upon them. Upwards of 100 persons, of whom more than one-half were women and children, were killed ; and many of the bodies disgracefully used. This bar barous act of extermination took place a year ago, hut wo are only now In possession of the details. Colonel Chlvington has been " mustered out " of the force, but so in- famous and coldblooded a murder deserved surely some severer pennlty. From South America we hear of the de- feat of the Paraguayans near Corrientes, and of another invading column being BO cutoff as to render their cause apparently hope- less. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM- MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FBOM OUB OWN COBKESrONDEST.) LONDON, Oor. 26. The money market has been subjected to a very severe strain since I last wrote. Except in times of commercial panic, there is scarcely an example of money rising in value with such'extraordinary rapidity. .Within ten days the Bank rate was advanced on four separate occasions, and now Btands firmly at eevon por cent. The first chango was made on the 28th alt., from four to four and a half par cent. On the 2nd inst., finding the resources of the Bank were still ebbing away, the directora resorted to r& strictive measures again, and made the mini- mum five per cent. On both these occasions this movement on the part of the Court was thought to be premature, if not unnecessary. The public was quite taken by surprise. It Is true, the internal drain of gold for the pro- vinces, and the eager demand for coln in the London market for the payment of the quar- terly accounts, and for the fortnightly settle- ment, were known to be pressing heavily upon the stores In L°adenhall street ; but then these were only temporary dis- turbances, and it was well known that large sums would be released upon the allotments being mado in the Brazil loan -that a largo amount was daily expected) from Australia-and that the bank had just purchased £100,000 in gold. A few days, however, convinced the public of the wiBdomi of the steps that had been taken, for matead; of the poaition of the Bink becoming stronger, its reserves of notes and ooin grew more attenuated day by day. Dlt>couuters, therefore, settled their minde to the good old conservative five per cent, for some timo to come. Again were they destined to bo surprised; for on the 6th instant the minimum was further advanced to six per cent This sudden movement was not at all expected, and proved Eomewhat of a shock to the com- mercial community. The policy of tho di- rectors was anxiously discussed. But when the Bank returns appeared, it was seen that, Offing to an almost inexplicable absorption of notes and gold by the public, the roïorv s had been reduced toa point much lower thoa at the corresponding date of last year, when the current charco was nine pf r cent Th»fc fact was ample justification of the vigorous measure adopted. And also of tho stilL more decisive step that followed ; fot on the Saturday of the same week -only two days later - the Executive raised the rate to seven por cent, In spite o£ the startling suddenness of these adverse changes, no panic has prevailed. Tho causes, BO obscure and indirect, of this extraordinary drain, were beginning to be understood and appreciated ; and the possibility of a run up to eight or nine waa widely discussed. Hap- pily, there hos been no necessity for having recourse to so high a pressure of the screw. Seven per cent, has stayed the mischief kept money from going out, and brought money in from abroad. The demand for discount has perceptibly declined daring the past week ; bat owing to the great brlBknoss of trade, and the prospect ok gold and silver being required for India and. Egypt, money is not likely to bo choaper at present. The Bank has passed through a trying ordeal, and owes its BUCCOBS partly to favourable accidents, and partly to the tact and energy of Its managers. Among the former were the opportune arrival of very largo remittances from Australia and othor quarters, and the almost total suspension of loreign exports, thus enabling tbo arrivals to bo poured into the Bank's diminished trea- sury. But even these concurrent advan- tages Eeem to havo proved inadequate to the emergency, for tho directors weie cora-: polled to go upon the Stock Exchange and borrow largely on the securities entrusted to their custody. A movement so romarkable in the English market produced, of course, a corresponding advance in the continental capitale. The current rates are subjoined : - Paris .. Vienna Iierlin.. Frankfort Amsterdam .. Turin .. Brussels Hamburg Modrlu St. Petersburg Bank Rate ¡Opou Market por Cent. per Cent 41-5 5 5 01-T The causes of the phenomena which we> have witnessed are extremely simple, and have only become so formidable by their operating concurrently. The requirements for pleasure purposes have far exceeded those of former years, and for the time absorbed, large amounts both of coin and notes. The magnificence of tho late autumn caused holiday-making to be nnusualiy protracted,, and hence the sums originally withdrawn have remained In circulation at a period when in ordinary years they would have been reabsorbed in the Bank. At this con- juncture, trade with America, so long con- tracted, leaped into sudden expansion.. Enormous orders for our manufactures, par- ticularly cotton goods, have been received from the United State.", which are generally paid for in bills. Correspondents at Liver- pool and Manchester, cognisant of the wild.* speculations in cotton which have hean going on there of late, ascribe the absorption of much of the gold to these transactions. Then.t in consequence of the threatening aspect of affaiis in Ireland, arising from the revelation of the 6angninaiy almB of the Fenian con- spirators, some vory considerable remittances have had tobo mado to the Irish banks, to> enable them to stand a possible run. These, taken in connexion with an augmented de- mand for the circulating medium to meet the requirements of an unusual trading activity, are sufficient to account for the excessive strain upon the loanable capital of tbe country. Below are the latest quotations of Austra- lian securities and shareB . Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock 25 25 Stock 100 10 26 6 Names of Companies, &c.; aovmu-MHM STOCKS. Victoria Government, 6 per cent. (Jan. and Juty) Do., do. (April anil Oct.) .. Now South Wales, 6 percent., 1860 (Jan. and July) Do., do., 1871 to 1878 (do.) .. Do., do., 1888 to 1802 (do.) .. South Australian, 0 per cent. (Jan. and July) Melbourne Corporation, O por oont. (Hay and Nov.) Geelong Corporation, 0 per cont. (Hay and Nov.) New Zealand, 6 percent. Queensland, (J per cent. (Jan. andJulj). COMrANIES* BONDS. Geelong and Melbourne HaU way, 1807 (Government ) .. Molboumo and Hobson'» Bay Railway, 7 per cent. Bonds (1874).. BANKS. Now S. Wales .. Australasia Union of Australia ., South Australia London Chartered of Aus- tralia . English, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Chartered Oriental . New Zealand. Viotoria. Sueentland. togo. Agra. National o( Australasia New Zealand, Limited MINES. Yudanamntana of South Aui' tralla. Australian Mining .. Port Phillip Mining Company Bon Accord Copnor .. Dun Mountain Copper Mine Scottish Australian Mining Kapunda, B. A. Worthing Copper, S.A. Yorke Peninsular MlSCEIiLANSOUS. Melbourne and Hobson'» Bay United Ballway Peel River Land and Mineral. Scottish Australian Invest- ment . Australian Agricultural South Australian Land North British Australasian Land. Van Diemen'« Land Agricul tural. Trust and Agency of Austral asia .. .. * < Now Zoahuid Trust and Loan English and Australian Cop per Company Otago and Southland Invest- ment . 105J 102 (Inaaleablc. J dis.. 3: « The quota'lons Include tho accrued lutereft ont> debentures Consols have fallon during the month about one per cent. This may be ascribed partly to the adverse state of the money market, and, perhaps, still more to the prevalence of political rumours. The publication of the Alabama correspon- dence between Earl Russell and Mr. Adams has produced a feeling of settled un- easiness ; and a good deal of transient agita- tion was created by the receipt of accounts from New York, to the effect tbat a jrçremp tory despatch relative to the affairs of Mexico had been forwarded to Paru* hy the Washing- ton Cabinet. American securities Buffered - .considerable depredation from these inter- national clouds looming in the distance At the adjourned meeting of the Con ftdeiato bondholders, amport from the com- mittee was presented, which states that the contractors havo no money in hand for the nayment of interest. The amount of bonds issued was £3,000,030, of which £376,600 have been exchanged for cotton certificates, ond £20i,600 redeemed by the drawings, making a total of £681,200, so that the amount of bonds Bull In circulation is £2,418800. The opinion of Mr. Fleming, QC., has been taken; and the com- mittee express themselves as entortalolog no doubt that, " sooner or lator, either tho United States or the states which lately formed the Confedeiaoy will recognise and pay the loan." Tbe high price of money, and the question- able proceedings of many of the Australian Governments, have combined to reduce the value of all Australian securities during the past month. Victorian debentures, which commanded 110J to 111 in july last, may now be had for 105 to 100\. New South Wales debentures, which commanded par about a year ago, ore now dull of sale at 90. Now Zealand debentures are not dealt in on our market. The only movementof importance since the last mall hos been the successful launching of the 10,000 shares for tho National Bank of Aus- tralasia. One leading old colonist took 1,000 shares, after which they were sought for mo3t eagerly by the public. The unfortunate squabbles between your two Houses of Parliament have frightened capitalist ; so that when your ne v loin is brotght forward, a considerable reduction on tho old prices obtained for your railway loan will have to be submitted to. Now South Wales ib perpetually on the market, and the conBtqui-nc has been a great fall In the talue of her debentures, and great difficulty in finding buyers even at the reducod prlce3. People hi re are astonished that the various AuBtialian and New Zealand Governments, ¿»owing that thoy aro likely to be for years lóceme borrowers of money in England, are not in their own interest moro cat eful of their proceedings than tboy have yet thought it nectFBory to be. After a few days of comparative ease in the money market, a sudden demand has a;»aln set in, so that todavthe rats is more likely to advance to eight than fall to six per cent. LOANS AMO JOINT STOCK ENTEKr-BlSES A new A iib trian loan of five or six millions itcrllng has been contracted for by Mess«. JtotbEchild, Barings, and Hope, at seventy four, with Binkiog fnnd. The interest will he at tho rate of five per cent. The loon will be brought out in two separate issues. The Erie Bail way loan for £800,000, having leon so eagerly taken up last month, a fresh loan fortrie Btato of Massachusetts has been introduced to our capitalists. The amount is £424 000, in the form of a fivo per cent. Btock, issued at seventy-five, with a three per ceat. «inking fund. It is being privately sub- scribed. From Alexandria we learn that arrange- ments had been completed in that city and in Paris for a loan of about £3,000,000 to the Viceroy of Egypt. The security was to con tlet of the private estates of the Viceroy, and the object of tho loan was to pay off the wholo of his HlghnesBs floating debts, and still further developo the resources of the country. A later account states that the .Viceroy has changed his mind. It is behoved that the large quantities of cotton yielded by his estatet-, with the enhanced price, «ill prove adrqunte to oil urgent requirements, in addition, a loan of £700,000 has been con IractPd fur Prince Hallm PaBha, brothorof tho Vict-ioy, on mortgage, through Messrs. Oppenheim and other Alexandria houses, bat no portion i'f it will be offered to the public. A loan of nbont £2,030,000 for the Argen tine Republic has been in contemplation; but as that. Government has obtained Borne advances in London, the negotiation has bseu postponed «while. It is alleg d that an arrangement has been arrhed at between the British arid Cana dian G virutuents, by which the formar undtrtukt! to propose to Parliament the guuranteu of u loan to be contracted by the ¡alter foi tho purchase of the Hudson's Bay territory, the interest and redemption to bo secured in the first ii.Btance on the revenues of the territory, aud certain Canadian aocuri tieB ol-o. It is furthor said that the maxi mum of the proposed guarantee, on tho basis of which it will rest with Cauada to make what terms she con with the Hudson's Bay Company, is not au illiberal one. The National Bmk of Australasia have successlully invited applications for 10,000 nddnional hharcs, which are tobo placed on tbe London register, and which, with £4 paid up, are r flVred at £2 permium ; 25 O00 similar eliarefl have already been alloted in the colo- nies at £2 premium. The last dividends of ibis establishment have been at the rate of ten per cent, per annum. The company's paid up capital will henceforward ba £MO,000, ?and the ruBervo fund £130,000. The bmk vras established in 1868, and has .now thirty two branches aud agencies. Tho Ceylon Government Loan of £100,000 in BIX per cent, debentures, offered to public competition on the lath ult., by the Crown agents of the colonies, but of which only £10,300 «as taken, has now all been disposed of at the minimum originally declared-viz., 104. A company is in process of formation for the purchase of the larne, zinc and iron works long carried on by Messrs F. Braby and Co, of London. The proposed capital is £200,000, in shores of £10 each. The Metropolitan Railway Warebousiog Company (Limited) is announced. The pro- posed capital is £000,000, in shareB of £20 etch. DIVIDEND MEETINGS, &0. At tbe meeting of the Queensland Shoep Company, the available balance was stated at £2,102, and the payment of a dividend of 5s. per pliure, free of income tax, wos recom- mended. After a strons discussion, however, the following resolution was carried :-" That the report and accounts bd not received and adopted, but that tbe same be lefaired back to the directors for amendment, and that the dividend be not paid in the interim." The directors concurred in this motion. Tho Van Diemon's Lind Company have declared a dividend of BIX shillings per share, freo of income tax, payable the 10th Novem- ber The report of the Bank of Queensland, pre Bcntcd on the 18th instant, showed an avail- able- total of £9,620, and recommended a dividend of 16->. per sharo, or at the rato of fix per cent, per annum, wh'oh abäorbs £6,391. ïhe appropriation of £1,600 to reservo, und £689 to pu li in iimry o.\ Douses, leaves £910 to ho carried foi ward. Mr. H. Davidson, of the firm of Davidson and Co., of 8 Lime-Btreet Cquare, has joined the direction. At a meeting of tho shareholders of the Cbniterid Bunk of India, Australia, and China, an intt rim dividend for the half year, at the rate of five per cent, per annum, free of ireome tax, was declared. Tin Oriental Binlt, at their meeting on thelOih mat, declaied an interim dividend ft tho rate of ten per cent, per annum for tho lulf-jiai ending the 30thof June lujr. A meeting took place on the 10th inat. of the ho derB of " bonds, stocks, and shares of tbe United States of America, whereon the coupont-, Infèrent, oi dividends ard now in »mar, arising from the late war and other causei"," when a committee was unani ttouply ai p dnted. It was also resolved that the committee ehall bo paid a commission of one overdue coupon or dividend, being half a, ïeni B Interest, out of each settlement, to repay ' Hie (xpeiipeB they may incur. It was re aaikeil that the total amount of tho arrears duo tould not be less than £4,000,000, Ï.SL.!1"1 aggregate of the debt low than *27,000.OOO This amount did not inoludo ?yi si«t-ippl bonds, which amounted to «,000,000, nor the indebtedness whioh yoe created by the late war. Of tho «cut duo, South Carolina owed £700,000 ; Mlsronn, £600,000; Tennessee, £800,000; Joiih C .iol ina, £1,800,000; Arkansas, iCOOfjOO: Virginia, £11,200.000; Louisiana, «,100.000; Giorgio, £000,000: guiranteed debt, £3,300,000: besides, £2,000,000, repre ftming the debt of oitles and corporate At n gehend meeting of the Bhareholdera In }U butz Canal Company, on the 6th inst,, M. «neps fetnted that there was still an avail able caí It&l; of 180,000,000f. The Bmall canal JBtopri ve lmrative next ¡year, and the great «»al m promited for 1808. i/1!"' D"nravcn Unitod Colleries Company T,î for ,U6 purchase and working of r;1."."1 coal mincB in Glamorganshire, of winch Dunraven is tho principal. The pro- posed capital ÍB £200,000. The Ohontaloa «wo mu Silver Mining Company, with a capital of £160,000, Is projected to purchase «M *0>" Sold and eilvermines in Nioaracua, J*mch ha\e been brought into notico by Cap wn lediord Pim, B.N., whilo surveying his »armit ? pu te from the Atlantic to Hw Pacific. ¿mjOathar Company, capital £600,000, pro pceea; to mi rebase Rome extensive estates H J" the tea district of Cachar, com Fnmig Kbout 44,000 acres "ue of the Uttbt joint stock scandals is that ZA p'nc,,r? latc,r started au " Smith, Knight, ^dCo, iLinuted)." A oommittee df Inveatl ! gation pronounces it a gigantic swindle. £230,000 were paid for the good will and plant of a huriness worth next to nothing. Tho expose is instructive. TbejPeruvlan Railways Company also, through certain irregularities, has fallen beneath the displeasure of the Stock Exchange Committee. TRADE ANO BBVBNUK BETORNS, &C.; The Board of Trade returns for the month of August, in comparison with the correspond- . ii>g month of last year, show a falling off of . £2,115,621, or l8 per cent, in the declared value . of our shipments ; but In comparleon with the same month in 1863 there is an increase of about a half per cent. Our total exportations during tho first eicht months of this year have been nearly G per cent, below those of the similar period last year, and about four- teen per cent, above those of 1868. The arrivals of wheat and flour during the month of August were 2,297,019cwt., against 2,7C9,G50cwt. in the same month of last year. The revenuo retorna do not at present indicate any falling off in our national pros- perity, beyond a reduction* In tho excise for the past quartor. The diminution in the national resources since tho last budget has been greatly less than had beon calculated on by the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Against any falling off in the revenue from articles of consumption, owing to higher prices, may be Bet the signal revival of our trade with America, BO long in abeyance. So great is the demand for manu- factured goods for that market that stocks at Manchester are being cleared out at en- hanced prices, and the whole trade of the country is likely to participate in the ac- tivity which tho throwing opon of the Ame- rican ports, and the necessities of the Southern people, have created in Lanca- shire. The Washington Government have just entered Into a contract for ten years with the American Pacific Mail Steamship Company for a monthly line of steamers between Cali- fornia and China, with a subsidy of £100,030 per annum. The demand for English wool continues rather quiet. Pikes, however, both of Down and Lincoln descriptions rule firm. The public BaleB of Hast India wool oommenced at Liverpool last week, and there has beon a good attendance of buyers; but the biddings have ruled inactive, and in somo instances prices have slightly declined. Tho supply to be offtred consists of 22,000 bales. Our latest report of the London money market is the following from the Evening Express of the 20th ult. : " There is littlo business in the stock market to- day, but tho tono has slightly Improved silica tho an- nouncement that no change has boon mado in the Bank rate of discount. English railways and financial shares have not varied to any material extent. Consols have declined ono-olghth por cont. for money, but are unaltered for tho account. The transactions in the discount markot to-day are not numerous, wbllo tho supply of money Is large. The rate for good throe month*' bills is (Jj to 7 por cent. In tho Stock Exchange, short loans on English Government securities aro obtainable at 6 per cent. At ParlB to-day, according to Mr. Router's telegram, the Three per Cent. Rentes oponod at OSfr. 02c, being about the same as Yesterday. Consols arc now* quoted 83} to J for money, and SO to j for tho account (Nov. ti)." Of tbo tallow market we have the follow- ing report from the Express of the 26th October : "Tbo market Is firmer to-day, at tho aunoxed quotations-Town tallow, 60s. Gd., net cash ; Peters- burg Y.C. on the spot, 62s. ; all the month, Sis. Cd. to Sis. Od. ; December, 62s. to 62s. 3d. ; January, 62s. 6d. ; March, 63s. Od. ; Apnl to June, 63s." The following is the circular of Messrs. Stahles, Straker, and Co., dated LondOD, October 16: "The clearances for Australia during tho past month havo been on a very small scslo-tirouty-nino only in number-ol which six vessels woro for Now Zealand ports. The declared valuo ot British oxportB is, tlierofnrc, relatively small, and amounts only to .£«52,408, showing, thoimportant decrease oí £330,630 upon preceding month, which, with lato entries to the oxtent of £10,000, amounted to £883,047. Notwithstanding tho monthly decline, the transac- tions of the lint nino months of tho prosent year ahow a hugo increiuso upon those of a similar period in 1864, and are indeed fractionally above those ot 1803, -which hitherto calmed the highest total slnco 1860. Victoria,-Tho tanaaotlons of tho past month havo resulted in a decline of £118,031 upon its predecessor, of which about one-half may ho put to lho account of wrought lcathor, apparol, and season goods. Pig iron, galvanized iron, and tin plates aro advanced upon last n.onth, but all other metals aro lower. Shlpmonts of linseed and bulk olivo oils continue active. Wool- packs havo practically ceased, and other bags and canvas »re about one-hnlf our last quotations. To- bacco again iliowB an upward tendency ; brandy and rum are, howovor, considerably lower, the declino being comparatively balanced hy an increased ox port ot red wine. Beer in bulk Is a total bla'ilc, but to compensate our colonial friends for the want, wo send a largely enhanced supply of the natural equivalents, malt and hops. Sydney. -The market maintains a more steady appear- ance, the relative totals being- £212,208 against £288,170-a deeliuo of £25,878. Tho heavy figures which were returned lu our last circular under tho various spirit headings havo given way considerably on tho present occasion ; and in tho item of British bulk spirit only do wo show an increase. Tobacco, wines (both red and white), and bulk bosr aro alto in lesser supply, tho somo remark likewise applying to clicosc, bacon, and hams, and general provision goods. Queensland.-Tho month's opera- tions have resulted in a slight Incroaso, the re- lative figures being £30,501 »gainst £26,274. Adi laido.-Tho decrease to this market is equally im- portant with that quoted to Molbourno, and tho gross values for tho month are £52,SSZ, against £145,038 lu August-September, being- a declino of £02,760. A considorahio airay of late entries came to hand por Seafield, of which a digest will be found under the lino of " Previous oxporta" throughout tho tablea. T hese particulars were received just provlous to the departure of tho last Marseilles despatch, and woro therefore included in our Supplement of the 28th ultimo. Tasmania.-We have only ono clearance to report, tho Fugitivo, for Launco3'.on. Hor carjjo iB valued at £11,621-an increase of ' £2,703 on preceding month. Now Zealand.-Our returns fur the month comprise a total of six vessels, of which one only is for Auckland, valued at £14,764, and two ate lor Otago, valued at £27,788. Tho gross exports tu this colony show an incroaso of £7,223, the respective figures being £00,812, against £92,530. Our liolterdani report quote» the cargo of the Hollands Trouw, for Mclbourno, viz. :-12,675 rod and 1,450 green cases geneva, und 600 boxes canillo-. An advance of Is. per red case is reported on tho part of Qonova distillers. From Charente wo learn tho departure c f the Bien Boa, for Melbourne and Sydney, on tbo 20th ult., with 103 lihds, 1,104 quarters, and 6,036 cases brandy, CO lihds. and 720 cases wine ; 25 cases champagne, 632 cases tai dines, and a fow sundries. The Eugene Adolo I has recently cleared from Havre, for Sydney, with a general cargo. Including 200 tons flour. The Either is the only ship now ou the berth at Charente, and is named for Lho 10th December." Under date 26th October, the same autho- rity soys : "Tho clearances since the 0th Inst. havo boon fifteen in number, of which four aro for Victoria, three each for Sydney and Queensland, two oach for Adelaide and Ola;ro, and olio for Auckland. Tho whole of these vessels, excepting tho Royal Standard, find a placo in the tables, but aro necessarily only partially cúmplete. Tho Boyal Standard having cleared from Liverpool but very tooently, her manifest l8 not yet prepared at the Customs. The SuBtox lias also cleared from London for Melbourne A portion of hor manifest, containing the bonded goods, carno to hand whilst tables woro at preis, viz., tobacco, 2,2601b. ; hops, OGcwt. ; brandy, 640gal. ; porfumed spirit, D3gal. ; rod wlno, 48gal. ; white wino, l,511gal. The Cirgo returned in tho tables as per Chrysulito, from the Olyde, represonts the Glatgow portion only, the olliclal rocord of the Greenock clcaranco not yet being to hand. Wo bellovo, howovor, It consistod of 70 barrels beer, 780gals. of rum, 23 loads sawn wocd, 04 gallons British sp!rlts,f40 tons galvanised iron, löOcwt paper, and about SOOcwt. gunpowder. A considerable array of latcontries, nor White Eagle, for Adelaide, will bo found under the total line for that colony. A nuilee respecting thom was sont to the various subscribers on the 20th Inst. From Hot tcrdam, Messrs. Gcrbaulet and Co. advlso us that the Johanna Christ ina will bo despatched for Mclbourno on lho 10th prox." LONDON WOOL REPORT. OCT. 23. Slnco tho closo of lost salos thoro has beon a fair in- quiry in our market for all descriptions, particularly 1'ort Phillip combing, ranging from 2s. 2d, to 2s. fid. Thero is scarcely any of this description, and the fow parcols remaining aro held for Novembor sales, which arc expected to commenco about the third week of thal month. " Inquirir« hecanie less so scon as tho hlghost rato was established by the Bank, viz, seven per cent., all Em tie«, excepting those who have been compcllod to uy for actual requirement!-, preferring to consume present stocks rather than increase them. " Holders aro very firm, and stocks modéralo, hence theio is every probability of prices being fully main- tained for this year." ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIQENOE. ARRIVALS. Charley Palmor, at Gravesend 3rd October, from Moreton Bay. Kstcx, at Gravesend 0th October, from Melbourne. Jason, at Gravesend 11 th Octobor, from Sydnoy. Lincolnshire, at Gravesend 10th October, from SI c1 bourne. Knvcnbcraig, at Gravesend 12th Octobor, from New Zealand. John Duthie, at Gravesend 20th October, from Sydney. DEPARTURES. Alitynton, from Gravesend, 6th October, for Ado laide. Amicus, from Gravesend 4th October, for Adelaide. Ballarat, from Gravesend 21st Soptembor, for Swan Elvtr. Bayswater, from Liverpool 16th October, for Queens- land. Cossiporc, from Gravesend 10th October, for Now Zetland. Centurion, from Gravesend 3rd October, for Sydney. Comtnodoro, from Gravesend 4th October, for Wel Ciiy of Sydney, from Gravesend 21st October, for Sydnoy. Dilke of Sutherland, from Gravesend 3rd Octobor, for Sydney. , Emma, from Gravesend 20th September, for Swan Elver. Empresa of India, from Liverpool 2Ctli Soptonibor, for Sydney. Golden Sea, from Gravesend 8th October, for Mol bourne, Great Victoria, from Gravesend 6th October, for Queensland. Harkaway, from Gravesend 0th October, for Mot bourne. Hindostán, from Gravesend 10th October, for Ade- laide. Mermaid, from Gravcsond 20th September, for New Zealand. Onproy, from Gravesend 6th October, for Port Phillp. OH arl, (ram CravesondlGth October, for Sydney. Renown, from Gravcsond 10th October, for Moreton Bay.' Hornsey, from Gravesend 18th Octobor, for Sydnoy. Boyal Standard, from Liverpool 21st October, for Melbourne. Sir Gcorgo Groy, from Gravesend 4th Octobor, for Moreton Bay. Sam Ccnrns, from Liverpool 28th September, for Melhoume. Eu insure, from Gravesend 0th October, for Mel- bourne. Sussex, from Gravesend ¡3rd October, for Mel- bourne. Valetta, from Gravesend 20th September, for Moro- tai Bay. White Eagle, from Gravesend 29th September, for Adelaide. VESSELS LOADING. AT LOXDOX, For Port Phillip.-Transatlantic, Prlnco of Wales, Mary Warren, Golden City, Essox, Martha Birnie, Queen of Australia, Wellesloy, Nimrod. For Sydney.-Lochiel, Granltog City, Yangtsze, Young Lochinvar, Pakwan, Jason, City of Aber- deen. For Adelaide.-Roman Emperor, Harwich, Boyal Diadem, Amoor, B.ndu, Zlhi, Bonvenuo. For Hobirt Town_Harrowby, Alcjone. For Moreton Bay.-Mary Lawton, Legion of Honour, Charley Pilmer, ¿holbourne. For Now Zealand.-Mary Sheppard, Liverpool, Victory, Himalaya, Cissy, Dona Anita, Danish Beauty, Stornoway, Wairior Queen, Epsom, Alexandra. AT LIVKRFOOII. For Port Phillip.-Prlnco Hupert, Excelsior, True Briton, Kcd Jacket, Western Ocean. For Sjdnoy.-Agamemnon, Afrlcann, Birkby. For Adelaide.-Prlnco Arthur, Corsair, Peerless. For <Jueonaland.-Sultana. AT GLASOOW. For Melbourne.-Glenlee Tun ship Peerless has been engaged for tho convoy anee of Government emigrants to Adelaldo. S. A. 