OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. — ? [From our own Correspondent] London, Saturday, Nov. 26th, 1864 It was semi-officially announced by the Times of the 18th inst, in a leading article, that ' subject to the approval of Parliament, transportation to the Aus tralian continent will cease within a limited period.' Probably even more authoritative information to that effect; will go out by the present mail. The Times justifies the decision mainly on the ground of expediency. 'No government' it says, 'could ehut its eyes to the enormous disparity, numerical and other wise, between the promoters andtheopponents of Aus tralian transportation. On the one Bide we have a population of some]16,000, a revenue of some £60,000, and a trade amounting in the aggregate value of im ports and exports to some £300,000. Oa the other we have a population of some 1,300,000, including New Zealand, a joint revenue of some £6,300,000, and a trade of some £57,000,000. If Providence itself favours the stronger battalions, Government must lean to the more important interests.' The Daily News sees in the decision a tardy return to enlightened principles of statesmanship. 'Fouryearsagowe knew that there were people in Western Australia ready to speculate in convict labor and in contracts for the supply of convict establishments ; and we also knew that their low and limited material interests ought not to be set against the higher interests of the free communities of South Australia, 'Victoria, and New South Wales. Four years ago we knew that to Btioot out our moral rubbish upon Australian shores was an easy way of getting rid of the criminals we had reared, and we also knew that such a use of a colony was base on our part, and by the Australians would be resented as intolerable. Four years ago the language of our best newspapers on these points was enlightened and distinct. Why the wisdom which had then been acquired was placed in abeyance, and why the country had been led a dreary round, is for those to explain who, against their earlier recorded convictions, abetted the cry for transportation when a suffioient number of bewildered people were found to raise it. For us it is a source of satisfaction to remember that in the midst of the garotte panic, and from that time until now, we have consistently opposed the revival of transportation to Australia, and predioted aB the inevitable end of the agitation the very concession to the demands of the colonies which is now authoratively announced.' The Spectator has made a prodigious fuss about the invasion of Imperial rights involved in the measures proposed by the free Australians, and though glad that transportation is to cease, would fain that those rights should be defined anew and guarded from invasion. This looks proper enough, but, when examined, proveB to be a bubble. It hap pens that on either side the legal right was admitted. But, if I understand aright, the position of the Eastern Australians towards the Colonial Office was this — ' If you persist in enforcing your extreme legal right, whioh is most unfair and injurious to us, we wul do the same, for our own protection.' But as ill-timed is this appeal to legality. The relative position of England and her great colonies is as suming, as we are always confessing, more and 'more the relation of mother and daughter. The latter are growing beyond the age when coercion can be em ployed. They can at any time leave the maternal roof if they please. If they refrain it is not because any law binds them, but affeotion and self-interest combined, it is eometning to nave rescued that advanced stage, because there can be no chance of serious collision where legal rights have become a dead letter, and because there is ample room for the action of those better and indirect motives whioh are in effect the strongest safeguard of a oordial relation ship. Our papers assume, justly I am sure, that the formal declaration of the Imperial Government, that the Australian Government shall no longer be pol luted with the oonvict element of Great Britain, will be accepted by you, forgetful of the past, as an act of grace and good feeling which will bind closer together the mother country and her colonies. But*it is not needful to rely only on future proba bilities to mark the altered relationships of the Imperial Government to its dependencies, British North America is a remarkable illustration of this great feet. Those great provinces have been allowed freely to decide their own fate. If it had pleased them to form an independent republic, England might have regretted the deoision, but would have taken no coercive measures to thwart it. But the very freedom of aotion they have enjoyed has proved to be the best means ot retaining the Imperial con nexion. From the 10th of October till the 27th, the conference at Quebec of delegates from the two OanadaB, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick. Prinoe Edward's Island, and Newfoundland, was in session discussing and elaborating the new constitution of the British North American Provinces. These labors appears to have bean completed with a remarkable exhibition of statesmanship, good feeling and for bearance, which augurs well for the future. This constitution, or rather the resolutions on which it is to be based, has been'sent over specially in charge of Mr.M'Donald, amemberof the Canadian Government for the formal sanction of the Imperial Government, and with instructions to obtain, if possible, the sanc tion of the Crown to the appointment for life of Prince Alfred as the Royal Viceroy. I send you a copy of the constitution complete, but the following is a summary of its principal pro visions: — All the proposed arrangements are based upon a continuance of the present relations between the colonies and the British Crown. Tha is to say, the Governor- General will as heretofore be appointed by the Imperial Government; but there will be a modification of the traditional system to this extent, that the Lieutenant-Governors of the several pro vinces will hereafter be nominated by the Viceroy, in conjunction with his responsible advisers. The spirit of Conservatism has also entered into the | scheme for constituting the new Legislative Council. | The members of that august body are to be ap I pointed by the Crown for life ; but the selection will be really made out of the 'iating egislative Coun cils by the general Executive Government, upon the recommendation of the local Governments, so that the popular principle, although in a modified form, will have some play. With great fairness and mode ration it is provided that in the nominations ' due regard be had to the claims of tha 'Opposition in each province, so that all politioal parties may as nearly as possible be fairly represented.' Nothing could more conclusively demonstrate that the dele gates have endeavored to lay the foundations of a Government whioh should represent the whole people. The Legislative Council would probably have been made elective if it had not been necessary to conciliate the French population of Lower Canada, who were afraid that a too democratic Government would jeopardise their nationality and menace those peculiar institutions whioh they have inherited from the times anterior to the conauest. But the timidity of this sectional community has not been allowed to encroach any farther upon that eleotive principle which can alone give stability to institutions estab lished in a country situated like the Canadas and the maritime provinces. The House of Commons is to be elected in accordance with the theory of representa tion by population. This will at once give to Upper Canada the preponderance which is her due, and to the other provinces their fair share of political power. A readjustment is to take place after every decennial census ; but as it is provided that Lower Canada shall never have less than sixty-five members, the Bame ratio of representation to population will be applied to the colonies generally every ten years, and thus regulate the increase in the num ber of their renresentatives. For example. if it should be found that the French Canadians, with their sixty-five members, have one representative for every thirty thousand people, then any province which is proved by the official census to have added to its population to that extent will be entitled to an additional seat. This plan differs from that under which the Amerioan House of Represen tatives is elected in this respect, that whereaB the numerical strength of that assembly practically re mains stationary, and the redistribution of seats every ten years takes from some States and gives to others, Lower Canada will always have her sixty-five represen tatives. In their working, however, the two systems, as may be seen at a glance, will prove substantially identical ; for while Lower Canada, if her population should remain as it is, will continue to enjoy the same amount of representation, the other members of the Confederacy will grow in electoral power in propor tion to their augmented numbers. The American Senate, as is well known, is elected by the Legis latures of tie respective States ; and it might per haps have been well if the Legislative Council of the new British American State were appointed by the provincial Legislatures. The general Parliament is to be elected every five years — a compromise, as it would seem, between the advocates of septennial aud triennial eleotions. One evil in the United StateB has been the election of State judges by a popular vote, and their removal by the same pleasure. The 'Acadians,' or Canadians, propose that all judges from the highest to the lowest shall be appointed by the General Government, and, therefore, in a great measure, be free from those purely local and party influences from which the Bench should, as far as possible, be removed. Great care has been exercised in defining the powers of the General Government and those of the Provincial Legislatures. The one is empowered to make laws with reference to suoh mat ters as the public debt and property ; customs and excise duties and other modes of taxation ; all public works which affect the general advantage of the pro vinces ; military and naval armaments and national defences; postal and telegraphic arrangements; coinage and currency ; immigration and agriculture ; and so forth. The Provincial Legislatures, on the other hand, are empowered to deal with direct taxation and the imposition of duties on certain specified articles j all local offices ; education ; the sale and manage ment of provincial lands ; and all other subjects the right to regulate which the Constitution does not expressly reserve for the action of the general govern ment. In no point has the wisdom of the delegates been exhibited to greater advantage than -in the adjustment of what at one time promised to be the supremely difficult question of the provincial debts. It was, however, found that, with the exception of Newfoundland and Prince Edward's Island, the pecuniary obligations of the colonies were propor tionately equal. An average was then struck ; and it was resolved that those provinces whose debts were above that amount should annually pay 5 per cent, interest to the general exchequer, while those colonies whose debts were below the average should receive the same rate of interest upon the difference. Thus the confederation as a whole will be able to assume the burthens of its several members, without inflict ing the shadow of injustice upon any individual colony. It is very doubtful whether Her Majesty will easily consent to the proposal to invest Prince Alfred with the dignity of Viceroy of the new Confederation. O ur sailor-Prince is the heir-apparent of Jthe Duchy of Saxe-Ooburg Gotha, a Principality whioh might be stowed away in any odd corner of Canada. But Queen Victoria's reverence for her late husband is so pro found that it is doubtful if she would be willing to alter the arrangement which connects Prince Alfred with .the little state in whioh Prince Albert was born ; and perhaps there may be grave constitutional diffi culties in the way of giving effect to the wishes of the North American colonists, unless they became abso lutely independent of the mother-country, which they do not deeire. Before proceeding to the domestic events of the month, I may notice a question of some interest which has i arisen in respeot to the discovery of Australia. In ' Milner's Gallery of Geography,' now being pub lished by the Messrs. Chambers, it is stated that the Dutch were the first Europeans who obtained any knowledge of Australia. But Mr. Major, of the British Museum, has shown that the Portuguese were the first visitors in Australian waters. That gentleman, in a letter to the Athenaum, correots some further inaccuracies, whioh, he says, are the more likely to be copied, as the 'Early Voyages to Terra Australis,' being printed for the Hakluyt Society, and the ' Discovery of Australia by the Portuguese in 1601,' being printed in the ' Archeeologia,' are in the hands of comparatively few. ' Such inaccuracies occur in a folio Australian Atlas by F. Proeschel, entered at Stationers' Hall, 1863, at the beginning of whioh is an * Outline of the Principal Maritime Discoveries concerning Australasia,1 and in the 'Preliminary Observations' attention is drawn by italics to the statement that ' it would appear from Maroo Polo's indications that the Chinese had, long before the Portuguese and Dutoh, some knowledge of a Great Southern Land.' I have taken pains, in my * Early Voyages to Terra Australis,' to show not only that thoBe conclusions were based upon blunders, but also how those blunders bad originated. I pass aB trivial the inappropriate use of the distinguished name of Captain Flinders with and after mine, in the words ' Messrs. Major and Flinders think,' as if I had held personal communion with one who had died four years before I was born, and, -as it happens, upon a point in whioh the negative part only of the so-oalled thought was advanced by Flinders, and the more positive by myself. But what I would especially wish to correct is the misspelling of ? Nucca' instead of ' Nuca' Antara, the name of the north-west coast of Australia, discovered in 1601 by the Portuguese ex plorer, Manoel Godinho de Eredia, and also the mis spelling of that discoverer's name as Evedia. The name of the ereat navigator De Ouiros is misspelt De Guiros and De Giuros. The adjective ' Australis' is separated from its substantive ' Terra,' and used several times as if it had been the special name of Australia in olden times, instead of 'Terra Aus tralia,' a general name for the Great Southern Land whose coaBts were as yet imperfectly explored.' The frequent Cabinet Councils are a sign that the political season has commenced. At the Lord Mayor's banquet on the 9th inst., the Ohanoellor of the Exchequer took occasion to contradict in an in direct aud jocose manner the report that an early dissolution of Parliament was intended. It is now understood that there is to be another session of the present Parliament, to be followed by a general elec tion in the autumn. Ministers are now preparing their programme, and the Morning Post announces with an air of authority that as continental affairs wear so pacific an aspect, and the country has en dorsed the prinoiple of non-intervention, there are to be large reductions in our military and naval esti mates, which will enable Mr. Gladstone to introduce a very brilliant budget, providing probably for a further reduction in the income tax and in the Cus toms dutieB. With popular financial measures, law reforms, and a Bill for utilising educational endow ments, Ministers may be expected to tide over the seBBion, and inorease their popularity in the country. There is also the promise of lengthened debates of the transportation question, the North American federation scheme, and the utilisation of the sewage of our towns — a subject which now excites remark able interest. Nor is this surprising. The sewage of London, whioh will soon be carried down to Barking Creek and Eritb, is now discovered to bo of great value. Some persons think that it may be made to yield a revenue of more than two millions per annum. The Metropolitan Board of Works and the Court of Common Council are at issue on the subject. The former have provisionally accepted the tender of Messrs. Hope & Napier to convey the sewage in a culvert further down the Essex coast to the Maplin Sands and Dengie Flats. Those areas of 15,000 or 20,000 aores, they propose by the aid of a public company, to reolaim and irrigate with the sewage, and divide the profits equally between them and the Board. The adoption of the scheme is contingent on parliamentary sanction and a grant of the land from the Crown. There can be no doubt that the whole Bubject will be thoroughly sifted before a par liamentary committee. The plan referred to is based on the theory that the sewage, in order to be of ser vice ought to be concentrated. Another theory, sup ported by the Common Oounoil, is, that this refuse [of the metropolis ought to be distributed over 500,000 acres of farm laud. This theory has been fortified by a communication from Baron Liebig, who declares that town sewage is not in itself a perfect manure, that it is deficient iu cer tain elements of fertilization, and that conse quently it is more suitable for partial and moderate use than for wholesale and indiscriminate employ ment. The scheme is to carry the sewage back again from the reservoirs to the Hampstead and Highgate hills, and from those elevations to distribute it over large tracts of country for the ordinary purposes of agriculture. The large pecuniary value of the sewage will, no doubt, give great excitement to the parlia mentary struggle on the subject, and there is no fear that the interests of the ratepayers will be eventually sacrificed by the House of Commons. The great excitement of the month has been the trial, conviction, and execution of Muller for the murder of Mr. Briggs. The trial commenced on the 27th of October, at the Central Criminal Court, before Chief Baron Pollock and Baron Martin. The Solicitor-General prosecuted, and the prisoner was defended ohiefly by Mr. Serjeant Parry, the German Legal Protection Society paying the cost of his defence. The main facts of this remarkable and world-famous case will be found in the following out line, given in the Daily News : — ' On Saturday, the 9th of July, Mr. Briggs, whose residence was at Clapton, dined in the house of his nephew, Mr. Buchan, at Peckham, at 5 o'clock. He left, accompanied by his ' nephew, at half-past 8, and entered an omnibus in the Old Kent-road, on his way to the Fenchurch-street Station, when, according to his custom, he would take the North London Bail way to his home. He carried a heavy stick and a black bag, and, being fearful of missing the train, he several times in his walk to the omnibus pulled out his watoh — a gold one —attached by a gold chain to his waistcoat. At Fenchuroh-street he vr as recognised by Fishbourne, the ticket-collector, who marked his ticket. The train ought to have started at 945 ; but it was five minutes late; consequently the guard Ames did not examine the tickets in the carriages before starting. It left the Bow station at 101, and three or three and a half minutes more brought it to Hackney-wick. At this last station two clerks in the same bank as Mr. Briggs seated themselves in an empty carriage ; but almost immediately they found their hands marked with blood, and called to the guard. He brought a light and discovered spots of blood — not large, for the largest is described as not exceeding the size of a sixpence — sprinkled ou all the cushions, and one or two on the windows of the side next the platform, and nearest the engine, or on the left in entering the carriage. This blood was afterwards proved by Dr. Letheby to be human, and to have been living when shed, and the spots on the window were mixed with partioles of brain matter. On the seat next to this window was found Mr. Briggs' black bag marked with blood, and his heavy stick, also smeared with blood, except about six inches from the top. Ou one cushion was a mark like the wiping of a bloody hand. The outside handle of the further door was bloody, and there was a little blood also ou the wheels and step. His hat was not in the carriage, but there was a strange hat much bruised. Soon afterwards the guard of a train coining from the opposite direction observed somethiug lying ou the way between the two lines of rails, about 700 yards from the Haokney Station. It was found to be the body of Mr. Briggs, still breathing, but insensible. His head was lying in the direction in which the train had been going ; from which the Lord Chief Baron drew the inference that he must have been pushed out feet foremost — not, wo may remark, quite a necessary conclusion. On the top of his head were several wounds, exten sively fracturing the ekull, which in the opinion of the surgeons muBt have been committed with a blunt instrument, and near the ear was a wound which they thought might have been made by a stone on the ground. In his pocket some gold and silver were found, on his finger a diamond ring. He died the following night without having spoken coherently. The train of facts which connected Muller with this mysterious and terrible deed were as follows : — He was a German tailor, who had been several years in this country, but had lately formed the intention, which he expressed to several persons, of going to America. A week or so before the 9th of July, Haffa, another German tailor, had seen gold and silver in his hand, aud it was proved that the weekly wages in his trade might bo thirty or thirty-five shillings, but he was frequently reduced to the neces sity of borrowing small sums, and of pawning a gold watch and chain that he possessed. They were in pawn on the 9th of July. For several weeks prior to that day he had lodged with Mr. and Mrs. Blythe, Old Ford-road, very near to the Hackneywiek station. On the morning of that day he went out to work at the shop of Eepach, also a German tailor. Eepsch and his wife deposed that Muller changed his boots for slippers when at work, and on leaving in the evening he still wore one slipper, as he had hurt his foot, hut he took his boots with him. He also, in the morning, changed his trousers, a new green and black mixture, for an older pair, but again put on the greea aud black before leaving. This was about 7 o'clock, or, according to Haffa, at a quarter to 8. He told the latter that he was going to see a prostitute of the name of Eldred, whom he visited at Camberwell. Both this girl, and her landlandy, Mrs. Jones, were called, singularly enough, by the counsel for the defence to prove an alibi. But what they did prove was that Muller had been that evening at Camberwell, which is contiguous to Peckham, where Mr. Briggs was dining, and whence, on their way home, both indi viduals would, if they took omnibus and railway, follow exactly the same route. It was, indeed, sought to be proved by their evidence that Muller had been eo late at Camberwell that he could not hive taken the same train. But they only proved that, according to their clock, Eldred had gone out at nine ; and Mrs. Jones thought Muller called half an-hour after, but he did not stay. A time so vaguely and unsatisfactorily fixed by witnesses for the defence of not doubtful character, could not be taken by the Jury as proving the impossibility of Muller being at Fenchurch-street at 9.50. That he actually was at Camberwell that evening between 7.45 (when he left Haffa) and 9.30, was fixed by Eldred'e recollection of receiving a telegram, the date of whioh was procured from the office. But after that hour Muller was not seen that night. His landlady sat up for him until 11 o'clock; but he had a latch-key, and it is not known when he returned. He was there, however on Sunday, and remained in all day, only taking a walk with his landlord and landlady for three hours in the evening, when he wore a slipper on one foot, and, in their belief, the same clothes that he had on on Saturday. On Monday morning he left their house, as usual, at 7. Just before 10 he was at the shop of Mr. Death, a jeweller in Cheapside, exchanging a gold chain, whioh was afterwards identified as Mr. Briggs's. Between ten and eleven he came to Eepsch1 s shop, wearing boots on both feet, and a light pair of trousers. The green mixture trousers were not seen again. He then showed a new gold chain and seal, the same that he had just got from Mr. Death in exchange. He said that he had bought them at the docks for £4 2s. He also showed the chain to Haffa, and, with his assistance, pawned it, as well as some clothes, to raise the passage- money to America. He first used the sum, however, to redeem his own watch and chain, and then pawned them, and sold the ticket to a companion, raising altogether £4 5s., the amount of the passage-money. On Wednesday, the 13th, he took out his passage in the Victoria, and wished to leave a canvas bag in the shipping office, but this was not auoweu. xxe saueu on tne i4tn oi «j my , anu was captured on the 24th August. In his possession was found Mr. Briggs' watoh, and a hat which, with that found in the railway carriage, was the main element in his conviction. The history of these hats must now be traced. Mr. Briggs had his last hat made to order by Mr. Digance, who was his usual hatter, and who was in the habit of marking the cus tomer's name inside. The hat found in Midler's box was proved by Mr. Digance to be one of his ; and still mo're deoisively proved by the whole sale manufacturer to have been made for him, It differed, however, from that made to order for Mr. Briggs in the one particular, that it was lower in the crown. But it was found that this arose from its having been cut down an inch or more ; the lining also being cut, and the piece removed in which the name would have been written. After this was done it had been neatly eewn, not gummed, as it was said a hatter would have done. This alteration, however, it was urged, waB frequently made in the second-hand trade, and some evidence was brought to show that, if the workman was in a hurry, he might stitoh it only, without gumming. But then it was answered that the hat in the ordinary course of trade would be only cut down so as to make it the fashionable height, and that which wa3 found on Muller was reduced below that height. Moreover, he had been seen by several of the witnesses to have a new hat on the Monday after the murder, and they did not observe that it was lower than was common, though they did observe that it looked like a guinea hat. Muller then stated he had bought it for 14s. 6cL, and that he had crushed his former hat and thrown it into the dust hole. But his former hat was a very remarkable one. Matthews, a cabman, got it for him at his desire at a Mr. Walker's, in the Edgware-road. Mrs. Repsoh had seen this name on the box in which Muller brought it to her house. Both swore positively that it had a very singular lining — a blue, blaok, and white stripe ; and both identified the hat fouud in the railway carriage with this of Muller's. Mr. Walker and his foreman swore that it was of their make, and that they had never made, according to the former, more than one or two, according to the latter, more than three or four, with such a lining, and had never seen it used by any other maker. It was, in fact, a pattern which had been sent only to them with many others from France. And this hat, on trial, fitted Muller. Mr. Serjeant Parry made a maBterly speech for the pri soner, in which he mainly laid stress upon the fact that there were flaws in the evidence, and that the prisoner was entitled to the benefit of the doubt — that Mr. Digance could not swear that the hat pro duoed hud been made for Mr, Briggs— that Muller was too slender a man to have done a deed requiring much physical power—that, according to Mr. Lee, two men sat in the carriage with Mr. Briggs at Bow — aud that it could be proved that Muller was on his way from Camberwell at the time the murder was committed. The Chief Baron elaborately summed up against Muller, and the Jury required only a quarter of an hour to agree to their verdict of ' Guilty.' Mr. Baron Martin then pronounced the sentence of death, after whioh the iron resolution of the prisoner entirely gave way, and declaring that he had not been convicted according to the truth he left the dock dissolved in tears. During the interval of a fortnight prior to Muller's execution the public excitement on the subject con tinued. He still continued to maintain his innocence, but conducted himBelf with great propriety in Newgate, so much so as to satisfy some of his visitors that he was unjustly condemned. The German Protection Society were assiduous in collecting facts and rumors, which they put together in a memorial to Sir George Grey, who laid it before the Judges, and replied that they saw no reason for changing the verdict. All kinds of statements and theories were set afloat, until the public began to think that the case was not after all so clear as to justify the extreme and irrevocable penalty. Monday morning, the 14th, came, aud found the entire space of the Old Bailey and all its approaches crammed with a mob of some 60,000 persons, a large number of whom had been there all night in a drizzling rain. With the cord around his neck and cap drawn over his face, Muller confessed his guilt to Dr. Cappel, the German clergyman, who had been iu constant attendance on him since his conviotion. That minister thusjhimself describes the incident .- — ' At the last moment the unhappy man admitted his guilt, with a firm clear voice, and in the full possession of his senses ; and it has all the more signification because of the carefully chosen words he used. The last words exchanged between him and me on the scaffold are as follow: — ' ' Question — Muller, in a few minutes you will stand before your God ; I ask you again, and for the last time, are you guilty or innocent? (Muller, in wenigen Augenblicken stehen Sie vor Gott ; ich frage Sie nochmals uud sumletzten Male, Sind Sie schuldig oder unschuldig P) ' ' Answer — I am innocent. (Ich bin unsohuldig.) '?Question — You are innocent? (3ie sind un sohuldig P) ' c Answer— God knows what I have done. (Gott weiss was ich gethan habe.) ' ? Question — God knows what you have done ; does he also know if you have committed this crime P Gott weiss was Sie gethan haben ; weiss er auch dass Sie dies Verbrechen gethan haben P) ' * Answer — Yes, I have done it. (Ja, Ich habe es gethan.) ' ' An hour and a half before bis execution Muller had declared himself innocent. I then told him that I would not press him further, but that my last words to him would be ' Are you guilty or inno cent?' With an earnest and pensive look he re mained one or two minuteB silent, standing before me. He then suddenly cried out, with tears in his eyes, and throwing his arms round my neck, -'Do not leave me— remain with me to the last.' I judged by this that he had determined to make a confession. That this resolution was formed only at the last moment is quite in keeping with the firmness of his strange character, which kept steadily to a denial of the crime with friend and enemy until the very last glimmering of hope had disappeared ; and really, his uniform quietude and his mild and seemingly open disposition were enough to enlist the sympathy of any one, to disarm distrust, and to deceive com pletely even the most experienced judges of human nature. The persistency of Muller in his denial was probably owing to his strong love of life, and his seeming frankness partly explains itself by the sup position — of which I anj fully convinced — that no murder had been intended, but that the robbery led to the death of the victim.' It is not unlikely that we have witnessed the last public execution, in London at least. It is thought that the revolting scenes in the Old Bailey at Muller's execution will strongly weigh with the Com mission now considering the whole subject of capital punishments, and induce them to recommend that nriminala aTinll fia nrifra+alvr arannfjiii A very vigorous agitation is being got up by the High Church clergy for the amendment of the Law of final appeal in matters of doctrine, and an associa tion has been formed with that object, the Bishop of Oxford, Dr. Pusey, Mr. Keeble, Lord Lyttleton, and other well-known persons being amongst its sup porters. Of course this movement arises out of dis satisfaction created by the decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in the ' Essays and Reviews' case. It is proposed that either convoca tion or all the bishops should be a court to try suoh cases, and that no archbishop or bishop shall in future be a member of the Judicial Committee. The Record, on behalf of the Evangelical clergy, strongly opposes the new agitation, preferring that the interests of the Church of England should remain under the protection of the lay lords than of the bishops. The Record thus forcibly states the objections on that side to the new move ment. ' When we observe the contemptuous language constantly addressed by ultra-Church organs with reference to the Evangelical clergy; when we observe how they gloat over the ooarse attacks of Mr. Spurgeon on those members of the Church who do not subscribe to the Popish fig ment of Baptismal Regeneration ; when we observe the lofty tone with which this Bishop of Oxford claims for our prelates the infallibility which belongs to the functions and authority of the inspired Apostles, who derived their commission directly from the Lord Himself, but left no successors to their peculiar offioe ; when we observe the Mariolatry of the Bishop of Salisbury's charge, and his attempt to revive the monkish system ; when we know that the sacred elements are adored, and the mass sub stantially celebrated, not only in the dioceses of Exeter and Salisbury, but in the dioceses of London, of ChicheBter, and of Oxford, — we confess that we look with no little apprehension on schemes for re forming our ecclesiastical appellate jurisdiction pro ceeding from a quarter whose object it ia to crush the lay element in the government of the Church, to destroy the supremacy of the Crown, and to advance the cause of sacerdotal infallibility.' It is said, however, that a Bill will be brought in next session, either for creating a new Court of Appeal iu matters of doctrine, or for increasing the number of episcopal assessors who advise the Judicial Committee in such matters, and that Mr. Gladstone is disposed to get his support to it. But as a Dis senting paper justly remarks, ' there is not the least reason for apprehending that any additional liberty will be granted to the Church of England, except she submit to a corresponding abridgment of her special privileges. There is an open, door yet through whioh she may walk at any hour she pleases into the enjoy ment of perfect freedom. But there is only one, and we will take care that, she does not break out of prison by climbing the walls. And as long as our Episcopalian friends hug their golden chains, and pride themselves on their ornamental beauty, it is very ridiculous and childish of them to bemoan the hindrance they offer to the free use of their limbs.' The Bishop of London (Dr. Tait) has startledthe world with a remarkable address ou science and reve lation, introductory to the leoture course of the Edin burgh Philosophical Institution, delivered on the 4th inst. The report of the address occupies some three or four columns of the Times, but the following care ful summary of its drift, taken from the Nonconformist newspaper, the editor of which has himself published a treatise bearing on the subject, will indicate how broad and liberal are Dr. Taifs views, and how en tirely unable he is to sympathise with those who put their faith upon the verbal inspiration of the Scrip tures : — 'The essential harmony between soience and revelation, the Bishop contends, is rather obsoured than exhibited by any unnatural or forced union of the two. Theology and philosophy have each its own department in the boundless field of truth ; each its own principles and its own method, and, to some extent also, its own instruments of investigation. But wjj must be on our guard against a misrepresen tation in this matter whioh some scientific men have advanced. Science, it has been said, works by rea son ; religion, and therefore theology, which treats of religion, works by faith. In fact, however, reason cannot thus be expelled from the province of religion, unless we are prepared to stake our hopes for eternity on mere feeling, fanoy, or imagination. Conviction of a truth may be wrought in the mind by spiritual influences, but truth must always be capable of being subjected to the test of reason. In the examination of the truth revealed, in testing the evidence for its divine origin, and seeing that it is faithfully transmitted, there is full room for the work of reason. Faith, that is, that humble, teachable habit of mind which leads man to trust God as the revealer of the things invisible, does not set reason aside, but works with it and through it, though it strongly feels and asserts its feebleness and inadequacy for the full development of heaveuly truth. The position, it must be owngl, is not a new one — but as stated and illustrated by the right rev. prelate, it marks out with a precision and a force almost equivalent to novelty, the limits within which reason is bound to exercise its functions in matters of revelation. We heartily agree with him in the remark that 'it would be an evil day for the Christian religion and the Christian Church iu which theologians granted that the truths they taught were not to be tested and maintained by reason.' But science has not only to do with geology, astronomy, geography, and mathematics — it ooneerns itself with ancient history, language, and ethnology — and what holds good of the former mult hold good also of the latter- Although the Bible does not profess to supply treatises on mathematics, astronomy, geology, or physiology, it does profess to give us muoh eaored history, 'That history seems as muoh an integral part of the Bible as its prophetical predictions or admonitions, its sacred songs, its laws of life.' What are we to do when common history' cuts athwart that which is sacred ? Give up our faith in the latter «.? 'substantially true?' No; but in forming bur judgment we are to consider that history may be sub stantially true which is not necessarily guaranteed by a perpetual miracle in the strict accuracy of all its minute and insignificant details; that as God em ployed human instruments to be, in a secondary' sense at least, the authors of the sacred books, bo He left them free to show their own character and habits - of observation and of thought in matters which were clearly beside the great Divine message; that we ^ should be cautious not to confound mere traditional \ expositions of Scripture with the Scripture itself; that we must not forget that archaeological and ethnological researches, however great may have been their progress of late, are still to be regarded as only in then? infancy. Wise and modest caution will mitigate, if it do not remove, many alleged difficul ties, and even science itself has by recent discoveries jr^ tended strongly to corroborate, even in minute-, ile- '~ tails, the essential accuracy of what the Sonptirer'' --^ teaches— while, in reference to not a few of tteir difficulties and discrepancies, is it wrong to, sty, ' Suppose what you say is true— what on earth does it signify P How does it affect God's message to my soul?' ^ ? The treaty of peace between Denmark and Ger-'~ many waa signed on October 30, and ratified on the 16th of November. Its provisions are, in the mail), such as have been already described, all being subor dinate to the one by whioh Denmark hands over to Austria and Prussia the Duohies to be disposed of as they please. It is stated that Herr von Bismark has been very anxious to annex Schleswig- Holstein to Prussia, and was quite prepared to brave the aneer of Austria; But King William has some conscience. He knew that such an act would involve serious con sequences, and be in flagrant opposition to the wishes of the population of the Duchies. He has therefore stood firm, and Sohleswig- Holstein is to become an independent State under the Duke of Augustenburg', and in close alliance with Prussia; but the heavy war expenses of the two great Powers to provide for as the price of deliverance from Danish supremacy. Herr Bismark has already officially received the Duke's envoy at Berlin. But altogether the relations between Austria and Prussia Tiave been greatly weakened, and at Vienna Count Scehburg has been sacrificed for allowing his Prussian rival to get the ' advantage of him. Prussia has now got in effect the leadership of Germany. She has reconstituted the Zollverein, which includes such southern States as Bavaria and Wurtemburg, 'Austria being unable to come on account of its high tariff; }, and the new State of Schleswig- Holstein -wul be at her beok and call.- Prussia is therefore master of the situation, though the middle States can always ' look to Vienna for protection. But- King William - has yet to settle accounts with his Parliament. Austria still remains isolated — not having even obtained from her ally the province of help in the re- : tentionof her Italian possessions. Her Beichrath ??'? has lately been opened, but neither Hungary, nor Croatia, nor Venetia, nor Bohemia, are represented1 : -j in it. There is the customary deficit and usual loan, but as there is no prospect of immediate] danger on the side of Italy Austria is able to reduce her mili- - ' tary expenditure. She has not the least idea of be friending the Pope, and Eusaia still shows her the oold shoulder. It is believed that the Emperor Napoleon is far from having abandoned the Venetian . ? * question, and that he is anxiously striving to find some means by which Venetia may lie voluntarily ' surrendered to Italy, and this question so threatening :L ' to the peace of Europe removed out of the way. His proposed European Congress is saia to be still steadily kept iu view, and it ia believed that he is not averse to Austria obtaining compensation, at the ex pense of the Sultan. After long and animated debates, which have, on the whole, greatly raised the national repntation, the Italian Chamber of Deputies has adopted -: the Bill in favor of the Convention with France, and ' for transferring the capital to Florence by the decisive majority of 296 to 63. The general feeung in Italy - ': appeared to be that theConventionatall events-would f remove the foreign element from the1 centre of Italy, ' ' and that- when once 'the French had left Borne they :V would not be likely'to return. Moreover, the Marquis ' -- Pepoli, who signed the Convention, and is a cousin of ' the Emperor Napoleon, gave the impression that that : :: treaty was agreed to by the French sovereign as a : counterpoise to the supposed alliance of the three ' , ' Northern Powers for the settlement of the Sohleswig- - '-* Holstein and Polish questions among themselves; - with a view to draw Italy : more entirely 'to* :r'f his side. He said— 'It had relieved Italy, :;J whose influence abroad the- French occupation -'' of Borne had diminished; it had asserted her : -'Z - stability and unity, because the transfer of the ' .' capital was a serious pledge that France would abandon her ideas of a Federation. Thetransfer of the capital : - to the centre of Italy was to givs a body tothatirhich: ?'- . ; had hitherto only been a soul. - The speaker repelled ' ; -' vehemently the fear of a oeflgion of territory. ^The Convention, he said, freed the French Government ' from the responsibility of a reactionary pjolioy ' s at Some, and relieved the National party. He .hoped the Convention would re-establish conn- - dence between England and France, disturbed by the — ^ refusal of the former to participate in a Congress. '''?' The task of Italy was to further this alliance, whioh . alone could secure the triumph of liberal ideas, He ~ looked for the success of liberty in the struggle against . ' reaction. He recalled the words of the Emperor ' ' Napoleon, that the object of French policy was the ~ . reeoneilUation of the Church and liberty, and said, ~ - 'The formula laid down by Count Cavour of a free ' ' Church in a free State will bring about thiB result. The Roman question concerns the liberty of the world : : because Eome is the centre of European reaction. We cannot obtain conciliation :by violence, by stratagem, or by the violation of treaties, but by moral force. A solution obtained by violent means would for a long period compromise even liberty. After the Convention the Austrian question 'done remains in Italy. The position created iy the Convention compels the Italian Govern- - ? ment to advance with liberty.' It is necessary to solve the B-oman question by demolishing feudal ?' Rome in the interior and in .the Italian ' laws.' - At one time there seemed some ?? probability that the ' : : interpretation put upon the Convention in Italy would prove to be fallacious. Influenced apparently ' -; by the tenour of the Italian debates, M. Drouyn de - Lhuya, the French Foreign Minister, put sundry ca tegorical propositions to M. Nigra, the nature :of - whibh is indicated in the reply sent from Turiu by -' ' General della Marmara, the PrimB Minister. The ' Convention is founded on the principle of non intervention. The Government of the King engages. ' itself to interpret the Convention only in -a meaning corresponding with the natural sense of the 'treaty. ~ ' and thinks its duty absolutely to reserve all other questions but that of the faithful observance of the : treaty. After, these distinot statements, it will suffice ' to allude to the observations made- -by M, Drouyn de ? ? ' Lhuys. The Convention provides by positive asur ances for the exigencies anS Stipulations of the Papacy with regard to France and the Catholic world. The Government repels even the thought of ever having recourse to secret dealings, which it regrets to have, seen mentioned by M. Drouyn de Lhuys, but it has entire confidence in the action of civilisation and progress. Both Powers may have - - their own opinion upon the consequences of this aot, - y but this cannot be the subject of practical discussion from the moment that Italy affirms that if her ten dencies are realised it shall never be by the violation of the treaty. Whatever may be the national Aspira tions, independently ot tne question ot & strict execu tion of the treaty, this is a ground on whioh* .the ' King's Government cannot place itself. The Aspira tions of a people belong to its national conscience, and cannot form the subjeot of an -international dis cussion. Reconciliation -between Italy and the Papacy has always been an. object of the Govern ment, and the Convention will help to attain it. As regards the meaning of the transfer of the capital, facts will speak for themselves. _. The execution of .. ? this condition is being prepared, and in a few months (saving its ratification by the Parliament) Florence- .-, will be the capital of Italy. Ulterior events cannot . be discussed between the two Governments. It.is for events to solve the problem. The difference between the scheme of Count Cavour and the Con vention is dear. Italy deems her honor concerned in continuing the policy of Count Cavour. M. Drouyn de Lhuys having taken the initiative in mentioning the possibility of a spontaneous revolution in Rome, aud of the fall of the temporal power, Italy reserves, as France does, her liberty of action for such a case; ' : Though the French clerical journals pronounce the French Minister's despatch to be eminently unsatis factory, and the Italian Premier's as worse, the Con stitutionnel has semi-ofBoially announced that the two Governments are now in 'complete accord as to the sense and bearing of the Convention. The truth seems to be that M. Drouyn de Lluys, who is in favor of the temporal power of the Pope, wished to give a new color to the Convention, but that the Emperor interposed, afraid to encounter the ire of the Italian people. So far then as present appearances go. the French will withdraw from Borne in 1866, the Pope will make no concessions, nor. organise a protective force, and the Romans wul make their own terms with the Papal Government, should it remain in the Eternal City. But two years is 'a long time; and the power of the Pope great throughout Europe. But there is no reason to believe that the French Govern ment will refuse to carry out a solemn treaty. Strangely enough all the writers on prophecy concur in fixing upon 1866 as the year which is to witness the down fall of the Papaoy. - The great American event of the month is the re election of Mr. Lincoln as President of the United States for the ensuing four years by ah overwhelming majority. At the time I write, the exact particulars of the election, which took place on the 8th, have not oome to hand. But there is little doubt that Mr. Lincoln has obtained' 148 of the 234 votes of the Electoral College, 'and a numerical majority of 400,000 votes. The only states whioh voted for General McClellan were New York, New Jersey, Kentucky, and Missouri, and all of these are not sure. In toe State- elections also, the Republicans tave so largely gained as to raise their majority in CongNM to twoj ? tbird*; while Mr, Seymour, the Domooratie Goronw of New York, has failed «)f re-eieotaon, and is sno eeeded by Mr. Fenton. The__North lias thus declared anequirocally fot«,coiitiimance of the war, and against any terms of compromise -with tiia South. One of the first acts ot the/Congress will, it is said, be to give con Btitutional forcs to Mr. Lincoln's Emancipation Procla mation of 1862. At the elections on the 8th all the predictions of disturbances were falsified, especially in Sew York, where there is generally some disorder on these occasions. ? flut General Butler was put in com mand there, and bis mere name appears to have struck terror into 'tne Towdiea of that city. On the evening of the 10th the Republicans of Washington paid a *uit , to the White House, and were briefly. addressed: by the President, who said:— The strife of the election is but human nature practically applied toths fiots of the case. What has occurred in this case' mast ever recur in similar cases. Human / nature-will not change. In any future great national ? trial, compared with the men of this, we shall have as .^-?wSS aid as strong, ss silly and ag wise, as bad and as ^-- ' good- . Let'tis.-t&orefore;, study the incidents of this as philosophy to learn wisdom from, and none of them as -wrongs to be avenged. (Cheers.) But the election, along with its incidental and undesirable strife, has done good too. It has demonstrated that a people's Govern ment canaustain a national election in the midst of a ~ - great civil war. {Renewed cheers.) Until now it has not been known to the world that this was a possibility. It shows also how sound and how strong we still are. It shows that, even among the candidates of the same party, he who is most devoted to the Union and most opposed to treason can receive most of the people's rotes. {Applause.) It shows also, to the extent yet known, that we have more men now than wo had when the war began. Gold is good in its place; but living, brave, and patriotic men are better than gold, - Cheers and other demonstrations of applause.) But the rebellion continues, and, now that the election is over, may not all having a common in terest reunite in a common effort to save our common country? (Cheers.) For my own part, I have striven and shall strive to avoid placing any obstacle in the way. (Cheers ) So long- as 1 have been here I have not willingly planted a thorn in any man's bosom. While I am duly sensible to the high compliment of a re-election, and duly grateful, as I trust, to Almighty God for having directed my countrymen to a right conclusion, as I think, for their gsod, it adds nothing to my satis &ction; that any other man may be disappointed by the -jeesaU. (Cheers.) May I ask those who have not differed from me to join with us in the same spirit towards those who have.' One day before the Presidential Election in the North, the Southern Congress assembled at Washington, and President Davis delivered his inaugural address. It breathes a spirit of resolution and confidence as to the issue of the straggle, but the most impsrtant passages ware those which referred to the proposed arming of slaves, a measure which. had been formally reeommenled at a meeting of the Governors of the Confederate States a few weeks before. Mr. Davis does not approve of the proposal, but suggests that the present system of em ploying the blacks as drivers, cooks, and in the service of the hospitals, might be extended with advantage. fie proposes, therefore, that the present number of negroes in the service of the armies be augmented to 40,000, that part of the levy be employed as pioneers and engineer laborers, and that on their dis ^ charge all the slaves engaged shall receive their freedom V as part of their reward. Should it become a question between subjugation or the employment of the slave as a combatant, 'there b no reason to doubt what would then be the decision.' At present be is opposed to that step, but 'if the recommendation above made, for the training of 40,000 negroes for the service indicated, shall meet your approval, it is certain that even this limited number, by their preparatory training in intermediate duties, would form a more valuable reserva force in case of urgency than threefold their number suddenly called from field labour ; while a fresh levy could, to a certain extent, supply their places in the special service for which they are now employed.' The message concludes with a reference to negotia tions for peace. The Southern Government, he asserts, Is prepared to enter into them, if proposed on the basis of the full independence of the Confederacy. He also admits that some parlies in the North are willing to 'substitute reason for force;' but the Northern Government will listen to no terms except unconditional submission. Till the delusion that the North can conquer the Southern territory by force of arms is dispelled there is no hope of a cessation of hos tilities. ; Unless desired by both parties, peace is impos sible. Bat we believe there is a fast growing conviction in the North that it is not to the interest of the United States to continue a struggle in which success is unattainable. When that opinion has taken root in the minds of . the majority, the wish for peace will produce that willingness to negotiate now limited to the Southern Government and people. In one Of his recent; speeches, President Davis said that twoibhirds of those who had been conscripted were not in the ranks. Very tempting terms have therefore been offered to them to return, and, in addition, the -Southern -Congress was discussing a bill for enlisting all white men between 18 and 45, and revoking all excep tions. ' It is hoped that by this means the Confederate forces will be brought up to such a strength as will enable them to carry on next year's campaign with Buocesa. , The war. proceeds with varying success. In the Shenandoah Valley, Sheridan obtained a remarkable victory over Early last month. On the 18th his army was at Strasbtug, and himself at Winchester. Beinforced from Richmond, Early advanced against the Federals during a dense fog, .flanked them, and drove them back in 'great disorder. Sheridan f hastened from Winchester to find his army defeated. He rallied them, returned to the attack, drove baok the Confederates to Fisher's Bill, though ^- with a loss of some 5,000 men, recaptured some 20 cannon, and some 30 more, besides many prisoners; but he was too weak to pursue the advantage, and has sinae retired to Winchester. .Early attributes his defeat to the plundering propensities of his troops. There is so marked change in the state of affiajrs before Kich mond and Petersburg, except that Grant has consider ably extended his long line of entrenchments to the left nearer to the Southside Railway, his object being to oblige his antagonist to' evacuate Petersburg and retire to his inner line of defence. Farragut has found it im possible to approach Mobile, and the ramoor of a pro bable attack on Wilmington has not yet been realised, the season being probably too late. The war in Georgia and North Alabama has undergone considerable change, which is 'sufficiently indicated in the summary of the month's news, Our information as to the events of the American war is mainly derived from Northern sources. It is therefore only fair to give President Davis's version of the results of this yearns campaign as contained in his late message. ?'At the beginning of the year (he says) the State of Texas was partially in the possession of the federals, and large portions of T^nigiaim and Arkansas were apparently defenceless. Now, of the Federal troops who invaded Texas none are known to remain, except a prisoner of war. In the north-west of Louisiana a nu merous army, aided by a powerful flotilla, has been de feated, and deemed itself fortunate in escaping with the loss of a third of its numbers, a large part of its mili tary trains, and many transDorta and gunboats. The Federal occupation of this State is now reduced to the narrow district commanded by the guns of the Northern fleet. ' a.i*«mmq has been recovered, with the exception of a few fortified posts, and the Southern forces have penetrated inta Central Missouri. To the east of the river Mississippi extensive districts have also been recovered; the. whole of the north . and west of the State of Mississippi, of .Northern Alabama, and of Wes tern Tennessee are again In the possession of the Con federacy, and on the eeaboard and Golf coast of the South, the Federals, with all their naval power, have taken only the outer defences of Mobile Bay. The resistance against the two great Federal armies operating in Virginia lias been even more successful. The Northern troops have been defeated at Lynchburg and Saltville, part; of -Eastern Tennessee has been retaken by the South, and all the attempts to capture Richmond and Petersburg have failed. From the occupation of At lanta ifc Davis asserts that the Federals have derived no advantage, as they have been again compelled to retreat on the Una of then- advance without obtaining y control of a single mile of territory beyond the track of their march. The wilfal devastation of part of the ; lower valley of Virginia, Mr. Davis denounces as an 'infamous expedient.' The \- President ' then notices the delusion cherished by the North, that the possession of certain places will terminate the war and compel the submission of the Southern people. The capture of Atlanta effected nothing towards this result, nor would the evacuation of Richmond. ' In fact,' says Mr, Davis—' There are no vital points on the preservation of which the con tinued existence of the Confederacy depends. There is no military success of the enemy which can accomplish its destruction. . Not the fall of Richmond, nor Wil mington, nor Charleston, nor Savanah, nor Mobile, nor of all combined, can save the enemy from the constant and exhaustive drain of blood and treasure which must continue until he shall discover that no peace is attainable unless based on the recognition of our inde feasible rights/* ? 