THE CONFEDERATE WAB STEAMER SHENANDOAH. (From the Metbomfue Argus, Jan. 21.) The Confederate sloop-of-war Shenandoah, which so unexpectedly made her appearance in our waters on Wednesday, has obtained per mission from the Government to coal, provision and effect the necessary repairs to her machinery. Sir Charles Darling, on receiving the formal request forwarded by Captain Waddell imme diately after his arrival, summoned a meeting of the Executive for eleven o'clock on Thursday morning. There was a full attendance of the Cabinet; and so anxious were the Government to preserve the neutrality of the port, that, though the instructions received from England directly after the Alabama episode at the Cape are explicit and full, more than two hours were spent in deliberation before a decision was ar rived at. Captain Waddell applied for leave to coal, to provision, and to effect repairs to his . machinery, which he alleged were seriously out of order. The regulations named forty-eight hours as the limit of a vessel's, stay, but this term can be extended to allow her to repair bona fide damages. The Ministers, therefore, felt at liberty to accede to the request; but they re quired Captain Waddell to report the repairs his. ship needed, that their own officers might judge the time that ought to be allowed him. Captain Waddell was notified, also, that he could not be permitted to leave port witbin twenty-four hours of the departure of any American vessel. A fur ther request made, for permission to land prisoners, was not acceded to, but fuller infor mation was asked for. We understand, how ever, that this point has been satisfactorily and expeditiously solved by the ' captives' quietly landing: on our shores. The Shenandoah had with her as prisoners eight men, besides' Captain Nicholls, master of the Delphine, Mrs. Nicholls and the stewardess. .The .men. went ashore, bat the ladies were taken to the Jeannie Payne, an American ship lying iu the bay, and it is said that their , fervently expressed wishes were not for the welfare of their captors. The Shenandoah Is a handsome smart-looking full-rigged steam sloop, of 1200 tons register, fitted with a liftng screw and engines of- 240 horse power. Built for the mercantile service, she looks like a merchantman, though the.guns i which now peep from her sides tell nnmistake- 1 ablyof her changed character; and the gay flag1 at the gaff— a cross of stars in a red square oh a white ground —leaves no doubt as to her nationality. She has a fine sweep of upper deck on which she carries her armament. This con sists of four smooth-bore sixty-eight-poundersi and, two thirty -two-pounder rifled Whitworths, together with two smooth-bore eighteen pounders, used principally as signal-guns. Her \- battery, it will be seen, is not a large one, though the guns which she has are of the first class^— for sixty-eight-pounders are accounted the best of smooth-bores, and the rifled Whit worths possess a range of above three miles. The officers have commodious quarters in the old 'saloon,' the captain has possession of the two ' roomy stern cabins, and the prizes havesupplied more, than a man-of-war's allowance of fnrniture. The 'tween-decks are unusually lofty — eight feet .in . height — and as there are no guns below, the crewvhavje . a great lofty space reserved for . their : . tise. , . Cushioned seats, a work table, and other like spoils of the enemy, figure below as well: as abovei The .vessel went to sea with a barely sufficient crew to work her ; and though she has'picked up many men from her. prizes, ' yet: she. ..is still short-handed, her total muster being only -seventy-five men. Captain Waddell is the very representative of the frank seaman associated with :all . our ideas of nautical matters,and he is surprisingly young-looking, considering, -that he is an officer of twenty three years' standing in the United States navy. He held a - commission when secession. Jtook place, but at once resigned and left, to -fight the - battles of his native North Carolina! Her officers also make a favourable impression on all who meet them. Thiey are mostly .young men, though some of them have seenservice in the Alabama. Mr. J. S. Bullock the master, was master; Mr. O'Brien, the engi-. neer, was assjtetant engineer; and Mr. - W. B: Smith, paymaster, was captain's clerk, on board that far-famed : cruiser, and were in her fatal Sunday when Captain Semmes showed his 'pluck ' and lost his ship. As to the crew, they axe certainly not the men one would expect to meet on board — not men whom the 'vile, blows and buffets of the world' have led to set their lives on any chance ; on the contrary, most of them are Englishmen of decent appearance, while there are also some smart Americans, and two or three sleek-looking negroes. The men are fed well and paid well ; and they oneand all . eay that they like the service and believe in ( their commander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, the dress of the officers not being' at all unlike the one worn a few years back by the Victorian Volunteer force. As regards the ship, she is declared to be remarkably fast, both under steam and canvas — ' a good-thirteen knot boat.'' There is no doubt that she is identicel with the Clyde-built Chinese steam clipper Sea King, known to be one of the fastest vessels of her class afloat. The feea King recently cleared out of the East India Docks, London, for Bombay, and was reported by our last English advices to have shipped Captain Semmes at Funchal Bay and subsequently to have * run on a rock And become a total wreck. The particulars which we subjoin show that these reports, though very inaccurate, in detail,.agree with the fact that the missing Sea King is the cruiser now represent ing the Confederated States in these Southern seas. Besides this, as we have said, the letters *' ing ' are plainly to be seen.on her head-boards, and her figure- head is a crowned monarch ofthe main. . The Sea King, we may remark, is no strapger on the coast. She was employed last year by the British Government to convey , troops to New Zealand, and made one of the. shortests runs out to Auckland on record.* A short history of the doings of the vessel doings which read like the old deeds of Drake and Baleigh, on the Spanish Main— will be ac ceptable to our readers. On the 8th of October , last, the fa6t new 6teamer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good complement of cabin passengers on board, ' likely looking young men,' as the pilot pronounced them. Friday, the 14th of October, found the liaurel safely moored in Fnn- ' chal Bay, Madeira. People there said she was a blockade-runner. So she was, but she had other work to perform, in-this instance. People won dered, too, that the passengers did not go on shore ; but they were satisfied with ah explana tion that they were ' Polish immigrants,' with out money ; some Poles on their way to Bich mond, having stopped there a few weeks pre viously, and having left with professions of total inability to pay the debts they incurred. On Monday, the 17th of October, a ship-rigged vessel came into the harbour and steamed out again. This naturally excited suspicion. Next morn ing the vessel came in sight again. Captain Waddell, it is facetiously said, had an idea that she might be for sale, and, therefore he steamed out after her with the Laurel. Both vessel an chored in smooth water, on the east side of the island, both under the English flag. Here the strange ship was purchased— £45,000 is the price named — and here the Laurel transhipped her cargo into her. The ship then stood out to sea, and when far beyond the neutral marine league Captain Waddell summoned the crew aft, and read his commission as commander of the Con federate sloop of war Shenandoah, ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve the neutral regula tions, not one of the packages received from the Laurel was broken. Captain Waddell had only twenty-three men. all told, with him ; a number which, after deducting officers, firemen, &c.;, left him only five men in each watch; while the ship was unarmed, and the packages having been hurriedly put on board, everythiog was in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Running under topsails, the foresail and the jibs by day — all the canvas the crew could work — and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken as quickly as possible to one of the 'calm 6pots' which exist in mid ocean in the trades. Here it was felt that the ship was secure, as no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, and it was not likely that cruizers would be looked for in latitudes so un productive of prey. The officers took off their jackets, and all hands setting too with a will , the .ship was speedily got in trim, and com- .; menced her operations. The cruizing-ground selected was on the track of vessels bound for the South American ports. Oh the 29th of October work was really com menced. In the morning, royals and 6tunsails were set in chase of a barque. At one o'clock the chase was two miles distant, English colours were shown, and the barque replied with the Yankee flag. Confederate colours were then hoisted, and the barque was hove-to and ex amined. She was the Alina, Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of railway iron. After re removing the crew and stores, scuttled her. The crew numbered ten men, eight of whom joined the Shenandoah. The cargo was valued at 38,000 dollars ; the barque which was only six months old, at 50,000 dollars. On the 5th November steam was got up in chase of a large schooner. At half-past seven a.m. fired a gun at her, when she hove- to She showed the star and stripes. Proved to be the Charles Oak, Gill man, master, bound from Boston to San Fran cisco, with an assorted cargo. Supplied the ship with stores from her, including 2000 lb. weight of preserved tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, and also her sister, the widow of a Northern corporal, killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladies. Private property was respected, but 200 dollars found on the master were confiscated. Captain Waddell. gave the money in the name of the Confederacy, to the master's wife, on her pro mising that 6he would not restore it to her hus band. The woman promised eagerly. Burnt the ship, which was a new one. On the 7th of November chased and captured the barque D. Godfrey, from Boston to Valparaiso, with a mis cellaneous cargo, including 400 barrels of beef and pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of the crew entered for service with the Shenandoah. Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound for;Bib. ; The brig took off two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of receiv ing a chronometer, a barrel of beef, and a bar rel jof pork — all prize articles. At daylight on November, sighted the clipper brig Susan, bound to the Biver Plate, with a cargo of coals. The Susan was scuttled at 10 30 a.m., and sank, bow first, so perpendicular that the main-truck was under the water while the stern was above the surface. On the evening of the 11th a ship was sighted from the masthead, on the port beam. Her bearings were taken, and a course shaped to cut her off; Proved to be the American ship Kate Prince, bound to Bahia, with 1700 tons of coaL Cargo was sworn to be neutral ; Captain Waddell therefore determined to bond the vessel. The captain having signed the bonds, the vessel was released, and the prisoners on board the Shenandoah, thirteen in number, were transferred to her. On the 13th of November, the schooner Itizzie M. Sfcacey was captured and burned. One of her crew was a negro, who met another captured negro on board, a man he had parted with a few weeks back at a boarding house in New Vork. Their surprise was comi cal. November 24, signalled a barque with her masthead gone, but she would not answer. The Shenandoah was then making eleven knots un der reefed topsails — a fact which proves her great speed. The next day or so, bore down under al! canvas and a full head of steam, after a singularly-rigged vessel, which proved to be ah English man of war. She took no notice of the chase. It is believed to be the corvette Brisk, now at Adelaide. Without entering fur ther into detail, it may be stated that the Shen andoah, when she runs in chase displays any colours, English or French, and that her men sometimes don blue shirts, that their grey attire may not arouse suspicion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship during the daytime, and. at night they are locked in the forecastle and handcuffed. 