! ; MISCELLANEOUS. IMMIGRATION FROM TUS SHETLAND ISLANDS.-Wo aro indebted to tbe kindne-s of a correspondent for the following Ter; interesting item of nows. Our corres- pondent profaces the extract by saving :-" It is many jo ira sinos Dr. Lang directed attention to tho Shetland Inlands ai n place wiirra young women muht be got from as domestic servants. By tho following extract from tho Northern BnoiK«, j"iy so ft teems' tho first arrival of Shetland young women may be soon expeuiec The Afr Anderson here mentioned is Hugh Anderson, Esq., managing director of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Company." We m -ntioned the arrival of Mr Anderson in Lerwick and tho well-d served tupper he received fr«.m the young men of that, town. He has been making Lerwick gay with pic-nic parties since be eime, and what with these and his generosity to tho needy, he is very popular w'th all classes. We have to record another example of hla wisdom in tho application of bia fortune. Ju a tealaring community like Shetland mott of the yonng men aro enterprising fellows, who p-efer to puih the'r way abroad than re- main as brought np nt home ; and Mr. Anderson bas seen that these young men require good education, and has provided it by his splendid institute. AEoafarinv. people, too, ulwayR leave a large number of widow?, and for them Mr. Anderson ls at present .building a free asylum on a vory admirablo plan. Among such a people, too, there is always a very decided preponder- ance of the female sex at home, and for th ii, too. Mr. Anderson bo? deiised a remedy. He give« free pas- sages out to Queensland to ns many yonng women from Shetland as will go, and prepares suitable provision for them ont there until they get t-ituations. As soon as they got a com'ortable situation he asks fi om them £i of their first wages, ia order to encourage provident habit?, by showing thom how much they can save. . Thirty- two young women went south by the Prince Consort steamer on Monday, undi-r the oharge of Mr. Laurence Henry, and sail this month from Glasgow. B.-fore starting, Mr. Anderson gathered them together in tho so'oon of the steamer, and in the presence of many of the ladies and gentlemen of Lerwiok, wbocsrae oat to hear him, m ide a few parting remarks to the women. Ho explained to them the provision be had made for their comfort on their long journey, sud on their arrival in the colony. There was a home they wore to go to until thoy found situations and Mri Dundas, M.P. had written to a cousin of his lady's, «ho lives thero, to look after their comfort, and to use her influence in procuring for them good situations. . Ha expressed his emotion at parting with them, and wiahod them ever, happ¡ne>s He thoa shook hands with them all, each woman coming up to Lim warmly, aud saying, 'God bless yea, sir." The Pi i ace Consort and Mr. Anderson's yacht exchanged civilities by firing gan* before the former sta'tad. The young women sung psalms most of tho night on tbe steamer. Brisbane Courier, t-'entemb.'r 28. SUPPOSED MURDER AT THE LOGAN.-For tho last few days a report has been oi'oulateJ in Ursbone that a murder wat recently committed at tho Loiran. We wero in possession of information on tho subject, but as the suspected persons had not been apprehended wo withheld it, in Older that the ends of jin tice might not bo defea'od. The men who are acouaod of the murder were apprehended yesterday, and we now give the par- ticulars of tba afluir :-On the Stu of the present month, the body of a man wns found in the Logan Rivor by a Pole n imed Hein in tho employ of Mr Boetham, farme**, and keeper of the district post- office. The body was placed un 'or a bush, and the faot re- ported to the police authorities. An inquest was then held : tho body was not examined, hut the coroner and jury simply looked at it n> it lay under the bush, and ft vordict of "Pound drowned" was returned. The -body . was then , buried, and nothing transpired in connection with it nntil about a week ago, when the police wero infomed that a Gor- man hawker, named Henri Bode, was missing from the placo. Tili» mun, tor a row months, hau been Hawking j about tho district, and bad givon credit to several per- sons thoro. Abont the latter end of list month he visited tho placo to collect some of his debts. On the 27th of August he cros-od the Logan ferry, and was not coen to return. It is supposed bo went to the hst of two small farmers named Rudolph Morinberger and Caspar Soliaig, wbo ow.d him sime money. Their hut was about twenty yards from the river, on tho right bank. Aboat f urteon days afterwards, Fred.a Gorman, In-tho service of Mr. Stone, the publican, noticed on MT nborger a pouch like tho one wlnah the hawker had used. Soda's brother HI rived from Germ my about the same time in tho Peter GodviT.oy. Tho bowker had writ'en to him, and a'so sent homo orders tor goods. Tho brother nudo inquirios for the hawker, and bearing he had left Brisbane, and not (ince been hotrd of, went to tba police. Inspector Lloyd, of the detective pol ico, accompanied hy a constable, and a German who knew tho hawker, then went but to tho Logan Ho examino 1 tin hut occupied by tho farmers and foui d (hore a maul covered with blood, and somo human hair stloiing to it. In n box in tho hut ho also discovered a bod-tick stainol with blood. Ashes appeared to hare heon strewed on differ- ent parts of tho floor, nnd tba rp its smelt strongly of Cu I ri J blood. In tho bed-tick wereconcealoj a hit and sit, wbiali wera identified as belonging ti tho pedlar. On Tuesday tho Polioe Magistrate (Mr. Massey), Dr. Hobbs, and inspector Lewis wont to tho Logan,, and er humed the body, upon whioh the inquest had been hold. Tho right sido of tho hetd appeared BS if it had been smashed iq - by Boras lioavy instrument, and there was a hole ssmo four inohes in diame'er. Tho baso of tho skull was also injured. . Tho bair cor rospondoi with that faand adhering to tho maul. A German, who was with thom, idontifiol tho olothes on the body as being thoso tho hawker had worn. Dr. Hobbs removed the head from the trunk and brought in : into town. In tho meantime, inspector Lloyd was making inquiries for tho two men whoso hut Lo had visited.. Thsy bad loft tho Lo^nn some days, and, ho assertaiuèd, had gone up to the railway works. Their hut was not ditorted, and it ap- peared that'thoy bad sown thoir crop oa. tho farm, and loft to get work until tho harvest season oamo rout.d. Ho could fled no truces bf thom' until he reached Gat- ton, where bo learned they, had proceoded to Too- woomba j nnd yesterday he apprehended thom twelve miles boyor.d that plaoe, oa the Dalby road. Toe Gorman who was with him on the Logan accompanied j him, and idontlQed a pouah and pair of boots which one of the mon was wearing os those tho hawker bad worn. Morinberger and Sohiig were thon taken to Too- woomba. Thor are expooted to arrive In Brisbane in a few days.-Brisbane Courier, Sop tom ber 20. Tim ROMAN OATIIOI.IO HIEUAUCIIV IN LONDON. - Tho provostship of thc metropolitan chapter, rendered vaoant by the preferment of Dr. H. E. Manning to " the archbishopric of'Wcstnilnstor," has been conferred by tho Popo on tho Vory Bov. William Hunt, missionary reator of St. James's, SpanUh-plaoc. Tho ouiioury hitherto held by Provost Hunt has boon conferred by the Pope on tho Very Bev. John Kyne, missionary reator of the Church of the Saorod Heart, and St, Ileleu, Brantwood, . . . > . :" . Fiit¿*BBC* ifiQDTtisnjAH ABD TBS ÄWBRIÖAII WA» -TD»N>» T«k Tlmsii of Jane 27, contains the- follow, inirlettef f.r" I an» »aro tho woneb of our 'eonntry ¡Hés ela I to know that Mi«'Florence .Nighting»le ^.f all English rvoraea sosrcely less beloved, perhaps, than Q lean Y¡cU)rí¿ herself-has not only folly 'sympa- thised arith those.of her American sisters who, during the lats war, have Mp[obi/, emulated her own former .labours, bat tha», throngboot tba contest she has felt an abiding ioterést in the sasoess of our national ewe. Though for some'time psst Hiss nightingale has been prohibited by "her. physioiahe almost, entirely, from corresponding wi°b or receiving friends, the paws of the assassination of our late President bsd. scarcely arrived, «hen r received a ver/ kind letter from her, not written by either bf her secretaries, 'bot fir her own hind, in I wbiolt she oxpreued the ' deepest sympathy of grief arid horror' with which abe,contemplated the terribleoataa-' troths-stating that she thonght it had produced si feeling of greater general distriss linn di J the deuth of oar own Albert. In'a'subsëqnent note, toi, Miss Night* ingile speaks of her * oonstant a id deep sympathy ' with America i i the lora of ber h meat, noble-b<-aried Presi- dent' with a warml'vtf affeotion which would do credit .to.any patriotic American. I have reoeived,privat¡ letters of a similar nature from persons of eminent ofE o'al'position in Lmdob, serving to. show tho personal symunthv which has, prevailed for our nation in its -, recent affliction. Those ptrts of, the communications of this gre it ly simple woman in which she hás referred to tSis subj ot have been marked b.r snob large-hearted, womanly frankness, teat were it not for the fear of a violation of' couttesy and confidence, I would forward you full abstraots and quotations, for the benefit of the thousands at home who would PO 1)1 ¡lily appreciate them. -fVery trtily >ou>s, BBKX. HOWAHD, M.D.j late !D.5.A ' Pall Mall London, Saturday, June IO, 18G5. Tnrs RODTELL FOBOBRIBS. -The report recently In circulation that further legal 'proceedings would be token in reference to the transactions in which the con- vict Bonpell was concerned, has been contradicted ; and it is nov stated that tho whole of the disputed ólairos have bein compromised, and arrangements have neen come to between tho heir-at-law,' tor. Riobard Roupoll, »nd tho different owners of tho-property thetiwas par-: chisel a ider tho deeda executed by William Roupe'l, that will obviate tho necessity of any further legal pro- ceeding). It will be recollected that two scions - « ere iried, ona of which related to an estate roar _King-ton, which was o^maromlaed by fie owner agreciag'to pay one half of the vahu of tho property, which waa esti- mated at £15,0 0,4oM>. Richard Roupoll; and the other had relation to another estate,' wor.h about' £12,000, in the n-ighboiirhood of Romford. This action wan b.loj -I 4W. A...;»». lr» 18G3, nnd, after a long inquiry, tho. jury were unable to como ts a deoisioo, and they were dis- charged w'thout giving a vordlot. Tho value of the property claiinol by the heir-at-law, and to obtuia wbiih he brought bia notUai of ejectment against those persons who had pn oha>od tinder the alleged forged instruments executed by the late William Roup I1, was estimated at over £200,0"0,' aud in the coursoof the injunctions that ensued it ia stated t^attbe proposition of the heir-at-law was that. f>e parties should pay half the estimated valno of tho, different properties, as hui bean done upon the oooaMon of the fi rut aot'on. but th's proposition was not ausento).' Tho terms' finally aureed to are said to be that tue boir-at law will receive about,£.10,000, and fresh deeds will bo executed thst' will have the eflVot of seoaring all the parties who,luve purchased the different o,tntes in' the quiet and undis- turbed possession of their property William limpet I, tho self-convicted forger, is still In ono of the -govern- ment prisons under sentence of penal servitude for lifo, and, aa hisevidence wlllnownot be again required,he will, no d ub-, very shortly bo sent to the oonviot establish- ment at Bermuda.-Express. LiauTnooSE3.-A French company, called L'Alli- ance, has invented a now system of illuminating1 lighthouses by eleotro- magnotio apparatus. The system' has for many months past been tried at one of the two lighthouse? at La Hove, at Havre and it has obtained such marked success that the-Ministry of Cora meroo and Fublio Works has on the recommendation of the Commission des Phares, just ordered that it shall be applied to tho second lighthouse. M Dumas,1 the great chemist, in a recent sitting of the Société d'Encourager, ment, accorded a gold mê lai to the oompiny, and, addressing M. Berlioz, the director, be Bail}: ""You have made your apparatus so simple and efficacious, and have realised such great economy in the production of ourreots that it seems to me impossible that your eleotrio light will not. sooner or later, bo employed in all the lighthouses of the oiviliied World. ' The Ad- ministration des Pharos has ordered of M. Berlioz,' four' machines of six disc-1, each of whioh gives an average light of 180 careel barner«. . Tbe superiority of tho Allianoo Bugneta-olectrio light being established, tho system of Fresnel heretofore employed at La Hove will bo definitely superseded, and the Alliance method ia ta be extended aa promj> ly as possible to all other lighthouses in Franco. This system of lighting was some months ago brought under the notice of the Elder Brethren of the Trinity Huuse ; bot they have not, we are informed, thought fit to adopt it, on tho groan 1 that anothor system of eleotrio light is now in course of experimentation ot Dungeness, and that it would be wrong to deoide until tho result thereof shall ba known. The Kider Brethren have, however, promise I to' vit-it La Hove in the ooursn of the summer, in order to jadge for themselves of tho m?rits of. the Alliance method. Awell-kuown member of Parliament contemplated, we hoar, miking a complaint in tho House against the Elder Brethren fir not having displayed more activity in this matter, hut probably the lateness of the eessinn will prevent any motion from being brought forward and befoto tho next session commences, the Kider Brethren, will, no doubt, have pronounced for or against the Alliance system. A MATHEMATICAL DISCOVERY.-We (Times) have grant pleasure in learning- thst Profossor Sylvester, a mathematician whose reputation is as well established abroad as ai home, bas just maje a great discovery in that soienoe. This is no other than tho proof of Sir lasso Newton's mle for the ditcovery of tho imaginary roots of Equations. "This rule," says the Header, "ls surronnded with a rare and curious interest. It was originally given by Sir I. Newton in his leoturei when Luoasion Professor at the University of Cambridge, and in 1707 it was published in the Arithmetica Univer- salis, wi hout proof. Maclaurin, Waring, Euler, and many other d'Btingulshed mathematicians, havo at- tempted to demonstrate it, bat all sunk efforts have hitherto proved abortive. A proof for a few elementary cvoi was giv lishcd in this year's volume of the " Philosophical Trausactijns." Ha has recently dUcovcrcd a complots one, founded on the ordinary ' prin- ciples of elementary algabra ; and more thin tbis, a theorem, whivh stands in precisely the same relat;on to Newton's rulo as Fourier's theorem does to Descartes' rulo, the rule bain? dcdnoibla f om the th9srom as a partlnalar caso. Bat HIM is not all ; this general theorem is itself only a particular caso of a stilt moro comprobensive one." To this wo may ndd that tho rulo in quostion, both in the first and sooond editions of tho Arithtnotlos Universalis, tho sooond of willoh »as certainly publsbed with Newtons sanction, stands oit as tho only proposition in the book unac- companied by n proof, and thus raisus a very strong presumption that Noa ton WAS not in possession of a solution whioh satisfied his mind. Corlnln it ia that this rulo has boen a Gordian knut among algebraists for the last century and a half. Tho rulo itself used to be given in an imperfo.-t form in our ordinary Algebras, such as Wood*?, from which many of our readers may probably onco hovo beéu taught. But,, tho proof hoing wanting, authorB boca mo ashamed at length of advancing a proposition the evidence of n-hloh rested on .no other found »Mon than belief in NOWOD'B eagaoity. ' STOBSI AT ST. PETKHSBDRO-The following ii en oxtraotfrom a, privat* letter reçoive il in London i-. " St, Petersburg, Wednesday, July 12ih.' Last night tho most fearful storm of wind over recollected hero oommeno d nt nrdni^ht and lastid for a few hours. Bstwoe i one and throe o'elook the violence of tho wind was fearful-tho iron roofing of , the houses was flying about tho streets like leaves. ,Tho damage dona mutt bo tremendous, particularly, to boat« and craft in the rhor und canals. The river is amass of floating wood this morning Tho wind was N.W., nn l Ibo river rose' with extraordinary rapidity-luckily, it was oft «boro from Nefski, si that tho grain barques wera partially protootod, and wo understand . no groat damage has been dorie to them, Many barques with homp, grain, and linseed, that bad arrived opposite the Hemp Wharf, woro driven against: tho onrrout np' to the Imperial Winier Pataco, and now lio floating, bottom upwards, agaiiiMt the bridge the insurances terminated by their arrival at tho wharf. We also understand several tallow barques to bo stink. There ls no post from Oroostadt in, and tho telegraphic lines aro broken in all direotions BO WO do not know what damage has been dene at Oroustadt, Tho Inhabitants of tho'aland« in the river wore muah alarmed. In many plaoes tho islands wero oovrr d whitwater, and the damage done to tho trees and to tho buildings and country housos up»a them is fearful." , I "-T~- .: nr.,. j j .i. ,.-_-. \- ,OXD PA»».-What were tho :¿erets of thees remark able'raen, Old Parr, and Jennings the Yorkshireman. I ho former living to the. age of 153, the latter to that of 1:9 I -Old Parr wauaaimplo labourer! and. the décla- ration of the celebrated Harvey, who examined his body after death, was, io fow words, that he might and ough> to have lived longer. Hlsdfatb was evidently brought about by no disease, bat by chango of faro, by tbe rich diet of the oonrt of Charles, which,' by making a too powerful oall opon. the digest ire and other fnno tion of bia body, rapidly consumed bis small remaining T¡'al I ty. It would have bien otherwise aid he. adhered to bis conn try faro Thus it was that Jennings snr. passed him as to. length of days. Ohe bnndro t and sixty- nine years I It is a» incredible age, and wo begin some'.imes to donbt if it bo a gamine, occarrence. We have so little history, or. ro'faotj nb history of this latter person, ' that (sio; :'and what a sentence 1 - Had Old Parr never lived, we might well be jástifi d in dis- believing ' his existenoe altogether. Bat he wa», " it appears, an old soldier and« true-man, and died daring, tao year 167:'. Imagine all' the generations of men sind events which crowded and pasión, strutted their brief yet important hour oo life's, stage, between 1 Sill- and 10 0, the dentar» and two-thirds comprised in the siistence of one perion ! It is ersotly, owing to 'the, degeneration af tissues to whioh' we hâve1 referred three' arerage lives! How m ooh, then, is it to be regrette;! tlat we know so little of th'S'singnlar person^ save that in early life he bad been a soldier, aabjcnuently a fisher-, man, and whsn that failed, with falling; powers,- a beggar. The metto of his existence was, " Temperance, laboiir, andamiad atoase.*' His. diet, we1 are'told," " waa coarse and soar," and that it the extent of our information., If Old Parr worked a« a farm labourer wïen hs was 130, su roly Jennings displayed, at'the same period of his lite, equal activity. .Indeed, the sources bf bi»V h were spread throughout bis oareor th^ênfgrc'ed tempérance, the still more necessary libom but tho mind at etso, what shall we ear of the latter' Did the secret of bis long, marvellously long, life residí lhere* ,To a grast extent it did, undoubtedly. Th< mind at eise waaia proof of the.healthy, condition .ol th* nervous system ; and the latter, in its turn, wat a guirnnteo.of the general functions of the frame being healthy and tra-».-Dr. Blondell's Muscles nod theil Stoy. _ ' : .. I '.-.-. PBUIDBXT DAVIS'S SrtTBR.PfcA.TB.- À Riohmond letter has the following t-Last night a ooffe» or tea set formerly nsed hy Jeff. Davis, and sold at auot'on, with a quantity of silver plate,' previous to the évacuation of ' th« city hy the Confederates, was presented to Provident Johnson, by a gentleman of Richmond, who pu'robased I th« articles at tbe auot'on oalo.. The coffee or tea'set in i quMtian is a perfoct' miniature or.fac-siraile' of s rail told locomotive, with tej/cr attached. The locomotive boiler receives tho coffee or tea, makes and ditoha-ges lt through a.apiggot, a steam-whistle indicating when the tea or coffee Is ready. The boiler of the looomo'ive is of porce'ain, and tho figaro of the fireman, of the same material, appears oa the locomotive' vigorously ringing the bell,'which we «appâte means tho breakfast, dinner, or sappor bell. The tender,' which ia ah admixture of brass and other metal.'carrie* sugar in an elegant sugar- , caisson, with gob'et» for cognisos, and first-ola'ss small oat'glasses. The.sides of tbe tender are embellished with rocks'for oigare. The. most ourious cintiivanoo of all ts the Beeren rouslc-box located somewhere in tbe tender, which, being set, pli)s eight popular airs, suflbient' in length ta entertain ó supper, dinner, or breakfast table. The whole o-tohllahmont, cayiae and tender, ie->ts npon two beautiful > enamelled waitera. Upon the side of'.tho locomotive, in toiniatoro, is em- blazoned, " President Jefferson Davis"-showing that tbe testimonial locomotive «nd tender.were built express- iv for his use or pletsnre Upon the front, ju»t above where' the cow-catoher onght to he;appears the Confed- erate national banner and battle-flag, entwined with the national ensign of France. REJECTED GEMS.-It it a matter of history that some of the finest poetry ever written has had a narrow escape from the " limbo of things lost on earth. ' The great- est poet that ever lived became within an ace of being the "mute, inglorious Milton ;" for his almost divine epic found little favour with tho booksellers of his day,, and was finally sold, for about the sum- which a first- class poet of tho present day would expect for a poem of forty or fifty lines. In that day, as in ours, every leading publishing-house "kept a critic, on whose decision the fate of an author's manuscript depended ; and then, as now, the "readers ' on such establishments sometimes made terrible mistakes. It is our deliberate opinion that had the "Paradise Lost" been submitted to certain regularly employed critics of the present time, instead of to the Grub-street gentlemen of tho seventeenth century, it would have been pronounced, as of yore, a " dull and tedious production.'.' Byron, as we all know, was mercilessly snubbed by the literary Jupiter of the ' Review ;" and the Rev Charles Wolfe's exquisite " Ode on the Burial of Sir John Moore" was so scornfully rejected by a leading periodical at the time, that the author in sending it to a provincial Irish newspaper, timidly withhold his name, lest he should be cauterised by the press:' ' But the public, a better critic than any cynic in "foolscap uniform turned up with ink," unexpectedly franked him for immortality. There is on enormous amount of humbug in modern criticism, quite as much as is the criticism of days gone by. The fact is, that tho ability to decide 'intelligently whether a work will succeed or fail, is not an art but a gift and very few possess it. Mere book men know very little. about the tastes of the community. If you want an opinion that shall really be an opinion" on what you have' written, go to a man who understands human nature; and though he may never have seen tho inside of a college, he will be apt to tell you truly how the world will receive your offering.-Literary Journal. , ' HriNMi>a vriiBKLS FJE TUB QuTtKK.-Last winter her Majesty was graciously'pleased tb favour,Mr. Peter Steuart, spinmog-wheel maker', SpitalGeld, Perthshire, with an order for a two-handed spinniog-wheel for her Majesty's osei . Mr. Stewart, who is an adept in hi« profession, having spent upwardijof 60 years-at, it,i has with-great care arid taste.exequted ber Majesty's order. Tbe wheel 'was Bent to, the Qiieen before her departure from ' '(almora!. Her Majesty was so highly pleased with it that'ahe had removed itto Windsor Castle.' ? A photograph of har Majesty sitting at the spinning-wheel was also ul'owed to be taken. The maker bat boen in- structed to mannfaotore another wheel of horne wood, to be reidy for'her Majesty oh her"1 return to Balmoral in tho autumn.-Scotsman. The electors of Lambeth ara doing a .very publia ?piriied thing-raising, a subscription to pay. all tho election exponses of Mr. Hughes. We (Spectator) under- stand that Mr. Hoghes his repeatedly asked for his election bills, bat osnnot get them from his' committee. T ie reply is that it is'their affair, not his, and' that he will hear no mora of tho expenses of the' eleótion. : The monoy will be,obied/, raised,'we believe, by a shilling' subscription awing tho wotking men! Tna NEW Pnoosss or ' TICTCB.B ' CLBANIKO.-Oil pioturos of anoiant díte become clouded by dust do-' posit; tbis can be wiped off. .' Thoy also are obsoüréd by an opsoity . ia the varnish surface ; this can bo scraped.away, but rarely without serions detriment to tho pictures. Too many flayed and glaring . wrecks of what ware once noble'efforts of pictorial art exist to warn'the artist covetous of immortality ; but tho pro- fessor's process gives us ' hope that their numbers need not bo inoreasod-that tho pioturo cleaner's, noxious vocation will soon bs finally superseded. ; Solen oe has disclosed the true. means' of restoration. ' The opaoity of tho'varnish'arises front" a-'molecular change; tho resinous partióles of¡ whiob it is composed tenomo dis- placed in ooorso of, time, and when »o', displaced their transparent quality is Jost. These atoms; onco restored to their original cohesion recover ' lucidity ; nnd this can ba effeotsd by exposing thc'surface of 'the' ' picture to tho fumes of alcohol. The spirit, when' absorbed, evaporates, the varnish coating bas.received liew life, and is left aa hard at it, was before-perhaps' : harder. The hand of.map throughout tho op?ratioa has .novar approached ' the. auriuco of 'the pictured Professor Pette'nkofar has patented' this application of a'oohnl, ¿nd the apparatus by whioh lt ls olfentad, bnt with great liberality lie, plaaed - jt, freely at, tho' 'JUposil of the authorities i'f_tho National, (jtallery. Áftcp preliminary experiments, it! bas.been tried' with complete.' BUcbess, under Mr.v 'Wornuá'á: 'personal' 'lupcrintendchae,' on sixteen.of tba ploturés In tho'pubiio collection; " With suob '.rosnlts," .our-anthorttU)* poosider.it * bat just to the liberal and so|entiflo inventor,to express a , favour- able opinion i as to the utility of the process ;" though the/, haveTno bolter means', of advertising thoir opinion of its merits than aol unread appendix to this year's estimates.-Pall Mall Gojwtto. < -The common oóunoll of New York were anxious to print 25,000 copies of,",The Report of tho Corumlttoo having ip cnarge the, obsequios of 'tho'.lato President;" but tho. mayor disallowed tbe expenso, on tbs ground that, instead of furnishing tho pubiio with nn historical memoir, the council Intended to lay out a large amount, of pubiio monoy oh !' piles of printed lumber,, never to bo read, «.pidona oonaultêd, and deatinod oventusl y for the paper milli", This remark ls considered 'pointed, expressiv«, and iruthfnl-withal )" and it is auggeetod i that the mayor bis requested to edit the proposed ".his-, to. l»al memoir" blautilf. Tn« Binsmnc» ow TBS Bes. US. BKTBILI.. la the London - Bankruptcy Conrt, on Hat ord «j, tb oise of tbe Hon. Riobard Augustus Bethell again oas on. At the last sitting, objection waa taken to , tb proof of Mr. i VYelob, the Registrar or tbe Leeds DIstrio Court of Bankraptoy, for £IOSO ; and the sjttlbg wa adjourned mainly with a view to obtain the attendance of that gentleman and of Mr. Yates, whose proof foi about £1001 wat nhto o'joted to. Tho following groofs were admitted at tue former sitting s-S r R luckworth King, £1045; money lent and interest ; Sn W. li. Foster, £545, money ieut and interest ; Mr. 0. P. Froem, £1127, money lent and interest ; Messrs, Howard and Sons, £212, foi" furniture ; Mr. Alton. [ hórongb,£l07, money lent ; Mr. B. J. Daria. £91, for I cigars ; a»d Messrs. Kent'and Ball, £81 fer cigars. Mr. Bethell, the binttrupl, was then called into conrt, and brierly.. examined as to- a . debt of £913', duo on a bond held by a lady, (whose name was not mentioned.-) Be stated that It was giren, in substitution ef another bond, dated 1855 or J85G, of which the lady's nephew wastbe obligor.-Ooo instalment had boen paid OD tbe bond, leavlag £7'0 due. Mr. Chidley handed a proof for Mr. Patrick Robert Welch, Registrar of the Leeds Dis. .triat Court of Bankruptcy, for £1089. Mr. Welch examined r Deposed that th» bankrupt was in le&ted; to bim £1089 for money font at various times during the last year: It w.s advanced pn'noipa'ly hy oherjn«, except £200, which was sent bv bank- post bill. £oOO waa advancod on the Otb May, "18C4 ; £50 on the 17th February, 18S5r and £3iOon the 25th February-»ll bv oheque. -Mr. Lawrence : Had known Mr. Bethell a boat six years. ; He-resided near witness at Richmonds Mr. Weloh waa examined ot some length aa'to the olr onmstanoes, under which he bad advanood the various Bums to Mr. Batholl. Me aâid he did not think he was , indobtei to Hr. UetlieU's inuaeooa lor ms appointment BS regi-trar at" Lseds. . . Tho proof was admitted.' The next sitting was appointed'for.:tbe 5th of October, j Tria JESUITS -An official report on.'the state of the society of Jesus, gives the following interesting par- ticulars: There are now. in the Papal States 479 mout- hers of the society, 385 of whom reside at Rome, and tho rest m religiont houses ¿nd colleges, in the pro- vinces of Comarca, Velletri. Froiinone, and Vitcrbo. Fifteen of them are employed on- the'.staff of the ultra- montane paper La CiviliU Gattolica. At the end of last year tho s-olefcy nnmberéd Ï728/members, or 199 more than in 1861. It is divided into ' 21 provinces, four of wbioh are in France, five in Germany,' Belgium, and Holland, tvo in Spain, five in Italy, one in.Mexico, and five in England, Ireland, and the United State«. The number ot Jesuits on mi-aions in foreign oountries is 1532, or 240 more than in 1862. ' Of these, 25 are in" Europe, 296 in Aala, i!3- ia Africa, 276 ia North' America, 199 in Sooth America, 53 in Oooanl», mi ia are traveling. _ In 1841 there were-only 3503 porsons in the Boole'ty.'sï that its nuràberj have more than doub- led ia the last twenty- three' years. - ANOTUKB FATAL ALPIMB ACCIDENT.-Anothor me- lancholy ae-ident'is reported from Zertnatt. Tho Rey. J. Robertson and > Mr. Philipotts, who wer o st lying at tho; RiflM >Hotel,-,laBt Tuesday, evening, at; bod ¡tims missed th«.jr friend« MK Knyvett Wilson. Search was, . instantly made for'him with lanterns. Their, guides' and friends divided themselves into parties, so as to' sweep over the fae J of thé mountain. The night was sp wt in looking for bim. and tho flearoli waa continued at daybreak. The b>dy was eventually found on the rocks of the Riflolhor'n, a rugged, dangerous slippery hill bf serpentino rook, only a short distance from the RiCTel Hotel. Mr. Wilson tad mounted tl.¡j rack with' some of his1 friends in tho morning taking tho proper Brécitions, of having guides and a r. [o 'must, in tho absence of his companions, have ollmsed, up it again in the evening without - rope or gui Je, lost his hold in coming Jownt and filien back- wards on 1rs head.' Ueaih must necestarily have been' 'instantaneous Mr. L. Wilton was a fellow of Trinity College Cambridge and a matter of R'jgby Sobool. , Ho sppjars to b > deeply regretted as au able master, a ohoîrful and affectionate friend, and a man of great vigour and independence of abor o er. , TOE WotTLD-lÍE' ASSASSIN.-Some timo IsBt winter, i we published a copy of .the following tn 'amous i>dvír tisement, whioh had appeared in the columns of Tho Selma (Alabamt)' Advertiser:-" 1,000,IKO Dollars Wanted, to have'Peace by tho Fi st of March. - If the citizens of the Southern Confederacy will furnish mo with the cash, or'good seourKy for tho sam of l,00'l,')00 dollars,. I will cause tbo lives of Abraham Lincoln, William H.' Seward, and Au drew Johnson to bo talton hythe 1st of Ma'ch next. T.his will glvo iii peace, and satisfy tho world that ornel tyrants cannot live in a 'land of liberty.' If this is not accomplished, nothing will . be claimed beyond tho sum of 50,000 dollar*', in udvance, which' is supposed to be noco. eary te roaoh and' slaughter "tho" rbieo'-'ytllaiasr'I Will glvo myself 1 "OJ dollars towards this patrlotid purpose. £vory one willing to contributo will address Box X, Cabawba, Alabama.-December. 1,18C1. X" After the assassination of Mr. Lincoln, and the attempted assassination of Vice-President Johnson. Secretary Siward, Secretary Stanton, Lioutenan';Qonoral Grant \- and others, we referred to the m »tier again as an evi- dence" of tho 'extensive plottings and desperate diabolism of tho traitors of the South, who ware striving to murder tho nation 'Tho author of that vilo adver- tisement has boen arrested, and this morning he ariived. . In this oily, having bren .brought from Naw'Orloans in charge of Captain - Mehhffey of the lat United States' Infantry. His named's Gayle, à ,lawyer, belonging in Cabawin, Ala., ten ' miles from , Selma; Gaylo is a tall, rawboned individual,' conrse foatareB, well bronzed ' with ' tho - Southern cl mare. He is dressed in light gray pants, buttornut oolourod coat, over which is a linen garment, and wears a wal -battered lilaok stovepipe bat. Mr. Gayle appoirs to be about forty-fivo years of age and'his gray, hawk- like eyes with strongfy-marKod " crow's feet"" in their comers, give bim the appearance of a shrewd, cold- blooded rascal. ' He Bays it ls bis intention to secure tho services' of tho Hon. Reverdy Johnson and James T. Brady far his' defence. ' ' To pa-songera" on th« steamer ho admitted that ho carried tho advertisement to tho Selma papers, but nlao made the absurd state- ment that ho did it in sport --for the sake of playing a joke'upon the community. Gayle ,was accompanied by j two printers from Selma, who will appear os witnesses I on his trial. . ; MUTINY ON BOABD ini FCBDSRU Anea.-A roaiful maritime drama ia beginning to exoho interest in Franoe. Tho Fcolerls Aroa loft Cette on tho 8th June, 18G4, with a cargo of ooal and Bpiri-s for Yora Crur,. Tho crow wero very insubordinate: Tin captain, named KjoliobDurgv'eierolsed' little authority oyer thom ; but tho mato, Aubert, waa very severe.. This exasperated the crew ngaïm him, atid. they determined on vengeance Jp the evening of tho ! th'of July, whon in tin vicinity ef tho Capo ' do Vord Islands, thoy foll on Aubert, and Btnbbod ; him . repeatedly with poioards,' t'ome'ol them displaying such fury that tho blades ol the weapons were bent. Ailbert, in spite of his wound», made a desporato resistance, but bo was knocko I down by a blow from an iron bar, and then flung into tho Bea. Dy Incredible ellbrts, however,' ho climbid up tho side of tho ship, bot he was again Boizod, thrown into, the water,' and drowned. Captain ,ttiohebour^. having boen nttraoted lo tho spot by the noise ot the fray, was then seir.ed,' and,. after' the moto had been disposed : of, tho crew bogan ill-treating him. Ho .implored them, to aparo his life, and reminded thom of tho kindness with willoh he had,always, treated thom Hut they , beat him savagely, and lie accordingly prayed them to kill him, without making him suffer. They throw bim into the sea; Ho «warn after tho ship until his strength failed him, and ho then oried, " Well, good bye, and a plaisant voyage ¡ butyou will nil be hanged." and bo went down. After thia tho crew broko open tho spirit casks got mad druok, and frightful-scones took placo. The moa' then b.>gon quarroUiug among them- selves, and at length, turned against the cook. Tho latter, fearing tobe killed, jumped.into the sea' and wat drowned. When, after a few days, tho men became somewhat sober, they deliberated on .what should bo done, and they determined to sink the ship and take to tho boats. This was done. They then agreed to relato that tho,ship had sprung."a leak, that the water had gained to fast that Bbb had to be abandonad, that tho men took to tho boats, and -that the' captain and -tuite having stay od the lost ou' board- went' dow» lu tbo ship, .Thov further agrood that if any ono con- tradicted this story ho should bo, put to death hythe others. After a while tho mon wore ptekod up by a Danish ship, and taken to Cape do Verd Islaud». ?.'houoo they wore conveyed to Brest' in tho Mongo of be Imperial navy. They told, tho tala that had been agroid on, and it was credited. But before long a cabin boy, named Galoot, who had roturned to Nantes, | his nativo placo, was observed to be low and despond- i lng, and ou being questioned ho a to toi what had tiken placo. Inquiries were iastitutei,'and tho authorities found reason to believe'that th(r>boy's lalo waa tru;. Uniera wero immediately uivon to arrest tho mea ; and, aft r a while, ono uamod Uarbucoia, was taken at Mar eoillos ; another, named Lenard, was aftorrards oap tured at Antwerp ; and a third, named Thoisault, was recently arrested at Havre.. ' The others ore now being I «ought »f tor.-? agrtf»AdT«ttlEor, Jiür 13, u | 