THE CONFEDERATE WAR STEAMER SHENANDOAH. (From the Melbourne Argus, January 27.) THE Confederate sloop-of-war Shcnandoah, which so un- expectedly made her appearance in our waters on Wednes- day, has obtained permission from the Government to coal, provision, and effect the nocessary repairs, to her machinery. Sir Charles Darling, on receiving the formal request forwarded by Captain Waddell immediately upon his arrival, summoned a meeting of the Executive for eleven o'clock on Thursday morning. There was a full attendance of the Cabinet ; and so anxious were tho Government to preserve the neutrality of the port, that, though the instructions re- ceived from England directly after the Alabama episode at the Cape are explicit and full, more than two hours were spent in deliberation before a decision was arrived at. Captain Waddell applied for leave to coal, to provision, and to effect repairs to his machinery, which he alleged were seriously out of order. The regu- lations name forty-eight hours as the limit of a vessel's stay, but this term can be extended to allow her to repair bona fide damages. The Ministers, therefore, felt at liberty to accede to the request ; but they required Captain Waddell to report the repairs his ship needed, that their own officers might judge the time that ought to be allowed him. Cap- tain Waddell was notified, also, that he could not be per- mitted to leave port within twenty-four hours of the departure of any American vessel. A further request made, for permission to land prisoners, was not acceded to, but fuller information was asked for. We understand, however, that this point has been satisfactorily and expeditiously solved by the "captives" quietly landing on our shores. The Shenandoah had with her as prisoners eight men, besides Captain Nicholls, master of the Del- phine, Mrs. Nicholls, and the stewardess. The men went ashore, but the ladies were taken to the Jeannie Payne, an American ship lying in the bay, and it is said that their fervently expressed wishes were not for the welfare of their captors. The Shenandoah is a handsomo smart-looking full rigged steam sloop, of 1260 tons register, fitted with a lifting screw and engines of 240 horse-power. Built for the mercantile service, she looks a merchantman, though the guns which now peep from her sides tell unmistakably of her changed character ; and the gay flag at the gaff—a cross of stars in a red square on a white ground—leaves no doubt as to her nationality. She has a fine sweep of upper deck, on which she carries her armament. This consists of four smooth- bore sixty-eight-pounders, and two thirty-two-pounder rifled Whitworths, together with two smooth-bore eighteen- pounders, used principally aa signal-guns. Her battery, it will be seen, is not a large one, though the guns which she has are of the first-class—for sixty-eight-pounders are accouted the best of smooth-bores, and the rifled Whit- worths possess a range of above three miles. The officers have commodious quarters in the old "saloon," the captain has possession of the two roomy stern cabins, and the prizes have supplied more than a man-of-war's allowance of furniture. The 'tween-decks are unusually lofty—eight feet in height—and as there are no guns below, the crew have a great lofty space reserved for their use. Cushioned seats, a work- table, and other like spoils of the enemy, figure below as well as above. The vessel went to sea with barely a sufficient crew to work her ; and though she has picked up many men from her prizes, yet she is still short-handed, her total muster being only seventy- five men. Captain Waddell is the very representative of the frank seaman associated with all our ideas of nautical matters, and he is surprisingly young-looking, considering that he is an officer of twenty-three years' standing in the United States navy. He held a commission when the secession took place, but at once resigned and left, to fight the battles of his native North Carolina. Her officers also make a favourable impression on all who meet them. They as mostly young men, though somo of them have seen service in the Alabama. Mr. J. S. Bullock, the master, was master; Mr. O'Brien, the engineer, was assistant engineer; and Mr. W. B. Smith, paymaster, was captain's clerk, board that far famed cruiser, and wera in her that fatal Sun- day when Captain Semmes showed his "pluck" and lost his ship. As to tho crew, they are certainly not the men one would expect to meet on board—not men whom the " vile blows and buffets of the world" have led to set their lives on any chance, on the contrary, most of them are Englishmen of decent appearance, while there are also some smart Americans, and two or three sleek-looking negroes. The men are fed well and paid well, and they one and all say that they like the service and believe in their com- mander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, the dress of the officers not being at all unlike the one worn a few years back by the Victorian Volunteer force. As regards the ship, she is declared to be remarkably fast, both under steam and canvas—"a good thirteen knot boat." There is no doubt that she is identical with the Clyde-built Chinese steam clipper Sea King, known to be one of the fastest vessels of her class afloat. The Sea King recently cleared out of the East India Docks, London, for Bombay, and was re- ported by our last English advices to have shipped Captain Semmes at Funchal Bay, and subsequently to have run on a rock and become a total wreck. The particulars which we subjoin show that these reports, though very inaccurate in detail, agree with the fact that the missing Sea King is the cruiser now representing the Confederated States in these Southern seas. Besides this, as we have said, the letters "ing" are plainly to be seen on her head-boards, and her figure- head is a crowned monarch of the main. The Sea King, we may remark, is no stranger on the coast. She was employed last year by the British Government to convey troops to New Zealand, and made one of tho shortest runs out to Auckland on record. A short history of the doings of the vessel—doings which read lilke the old deeds of Drake and Raleigh, on the Spanish Main—will be acceptable to our readers. On the 8th of October last, the fast new steamer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good complement of cabin passengers on board, " likely- looking young men," as the pilot pronounced them. Friday, the 11th of October, found the Laurel safely moored in Funchal Bay, Madeira. Peoploe there said she was a blockade runner. So she was, but she had other work to perform in this instance. People wondered, too, that the passengers did not go on shore, but they were satisfied with an explanation that they were "Polish immigrants," without money , some Poles, on their way to Richmond, having stopped there a few weeks previously, and having left with professions of total inability to pay the debts they incurred. On Monday, the 17th of October, a ship-rigged vessel came into the harbour and steamed out again. This naturally extitcd suspicion. Next morning the vessel came in sight again. Captain Waddell, it is facetiously said, had an idea that she might be for sale, and therefore he steamed out after her with the Laurel. Both vessels anchored in smooth water, on the east side of the island, both under the English Flag. Here the strange ship was purchased— £45,000 is the price named—and here the Laurel tran- shipped her cargo into her. The ship then stood out to sea, and when far beyond the neutral marine league Cap- tain Waddell summonsed the crew aft, and read his commission as commander of the Confederate sloop-of-war Shenandoah, ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve the neutral regulations, not one of the packages received from the Laurel was broken. Captain Waddell had only twenty-three men, all told, with him; a number which, after deducting officers, firemen, &c.;, left him only five men in each watch; while the ship was unarmed, and the pack- ages having been hurriedly put on board, everything was in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Running under topsails, the foresail, and the jibs by day—all the canvas the crew could work—and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken as quickly as possible to one of the "calm spots" which exist in mis-ocean in the trades. Here it was felt tht the ship was secure, as no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, and it was not likely that cruisers would be looked for in latitudes so unproductive of prey. The officers took of their jackets, and all hands setting to with a will, the ship was speedily got in trim, and commenced her operations. The cruizing-ground selected was in the track of vessels bound for the South American ports. On the 29th of October work was really commenced. In the morning, royals and stunsails were set in chase of a barque. At one o clock the chase was two miles distant, English colours were shown, and the barque replied with the Yankee flag. Confederate colours were then hoisted, and tho barque was hove to and examined. She was the Alina, Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of railway iron. After removing tho crew and stores, scuttled her. The crew numbered ten men, eight of whom joined the Shenandoah. The cargo was valued at 38,000 dollars; the barque, which was only six months old, at 50,000 dollars. On tho 5th November steam was got up in chase of a large schooner. At half-past seven a.m. fired a gun at her, when she hove to. She showed the star and stripes. Proved to be the Charles Oak, Gillman, master, bound from Boston to San Francisco, with an assorted cargo. Supplied the ship with stores from her, including 2000 lb. weight of preserved tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, and also her sister, the widow of a Northern corporal, killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladies. Private property was respected, but 200 dollars found on the master were confiscated. Captain Waddell gave the monev, in the name of the Confederacy, to the master's wife, on her promising that she would not restore it to her husband. The woman promised eagerly. Burnt the vessel which was a new one. On the 7th of November, chased and captured the baque D. Godfrey, from Boston to Valparaiso, with a miscellaneous cargo, in- cluding 400 barrels of beef and pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of the crew entered for service with the Shenan- doah. Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound for Rio. The brig took off two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of receiving a chro- nometer, a barrel of beef, and a barrel of pork—all prize articles. At daylight on November 10, sighted the clipper brig Susan, bound to the River Plate, with a cargo of coals. The Susan was scuttled at half-past 10 a.m., and sank, bows first, so perpendicularly that the main-ruck was under the water while the stern was above the surface. On tho evening of the 11th a ship was sighted from the masthead, on the port beam. Her bearings were taken, and a course shaped to cut her off. Proved to be the American ship, Kate Prince, bound to Bahia, with 1700 tons of coal. Cargo was sworn to be neutral; Captain Waddell therefore determined to bond the vessel. The captain having signed the bonds, the vssel was released, and the prisoners on board tho Shenandoah, thirteen in number, were transferred to her. On the 13th of November the schooner Lizzie M. Stacey was captured and burned. One of her crew was a negro, who met another captured negro on board, a man he had parted with a few weeks back at a boarding- house in New York. Their surprise was comical. Novem- ber 24, signalled a barque with her masthead gone, but she would not answer. THe Shenandoah was then making eleven knots under reefed topsails—a fact which proves her great speed. The next day or so, bore down under all can- vas and a full head of steam after a singularly-rigged vessel, which proved to be an English man-of-war. She took no notice of the chase. It is believed to be the corvette Brisk, now at Adelaide. Without entering further into detail, it may be stated that the Shenandoah, when she runs in chase, displays any colours, English or French, and that her men sometimes don blue shirts, that their grey attire may not arouse suspicion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship during the daytime, and at night they are locked in the forecastle and handcuffed. The following is a correct list of the vessels captured and destroyed by the Shenandoah:— Alma, barque, — Staples, master, from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, cargo of railway iron. Scuttled 29th October, latitude 16° 47 N., longitude 26° 43 W. Charter Oak, schooner, from Boston for San Francisco, assorted cargo. Burnt 5th November, latitude 7° 38 N., longitude 27°49 W. D. Godfrey, barque,—Hallet, master, from Boston to Valparaiso, assorted cargo. Burnt 7th November, latitude 6° 28 N., longitude 27° 6 W. Susan, brig,—Hansen, master, from New York to River Plate. Scuttled 10th November, latitude 4° 20 N. longitude 26° 39 W. Kate Prince, for Bahia, neutral cargo (coals.) Ship bonded 12th November. Adelaide, barque, of Baltimore, to River Plate, neutral cargo. Ship bonded for 23,000 dollars Lizzie M. Stacey, schooner, New York to Sandwich Islands, assorted cargo. Burnt 13th November, latitude 1° 40 N., longitude 28° 24 W. Edward, whaling vessel. Burnt 4th December, latitude 37° 47 S., longitude 12° 30 W. Delphine, barque, from London for Akyab. Burnt 29th December, latitude 29° 10 S., longitude 69° E. All the American ships in the bay have taken the alarm. Usually profuse in their display of bunting, they did not yesterday allow the stars and stripes to flutter in the breeze at all. Visitors showed their Southern sympathies by cheering the Shenandoah heartily as they took their departure from her. " Lix i>o " iv INDIA -From time to time there is a general burst of complaint m all parts of India where there arc many Europeans resident, concerning the high prices of exery necessary of lift. The rise has been incessant for j ears past Almost every article of provision now costs twice as much as it did a few years ago Ladies xvha are much attached to tine dressing are, m \ery truth, pearls of great pnce to their hus- bands Not only in the Presidency towns is this the case, the same circumstance prex ails m every part of India Lidian salaries seem high, but it may safely he laid doxxn as a general rule that t\f rupee will buy no more here than a shülmgxvill buy at home In fact, Irving is alarmingly expensive. ThooC who knexv India fixe-nnd-txventy jears ago would pro- bably be surprised at the change For some \vi etched bit of badly-fed mutton, the khansainali 1 will charge the price of a dish of turtle soup. Articles ol ladies' dress fetch about fixe times what (hey xvould at home All this makes a differ- ence to young civilians who, judging from the value of money at home, think that they are coming out here to begin the yvorld ni comfortable circumstances Their prclmnnary stay m Calcutta soon undeceives them It has been urged that the Goycrnment should mr ko other arrangements for thom, anti tint they sliou'el not be subjectcel to the temptations of Ottrci-Mr bfc, yvitb nil the lacibtics tor running into debt that ait presented to them It is eeitiiii that any man of a prudent turn woulelbe glad to get from Cnkiitta at the end of his first yveck The charges of hotels and lionriling-houses are simply ruinous to a scanty purse If any onoxvishcB retirement and rooms for his own use, ho must pay the rey enuc ol a prince for them Under the action of these causes, the rupees which looked so solid at home disappc u fast is the ice yvhicli hcTC is mi actual necessity of existence AN LVULY ACCOMMODATI n BISHOP-The Bishop of li rpon had engaged to consecrate a bul iii ground at Thornes, neer AVnkcCcld, but, on nrnving at the Leeds station, Ins lordship found theic yvas no tram for AVnkcfitlil foi some considerable time Ile, hovv eyer, bj some means henel that there yvas n goods' tram about to sturt for that place, and ollcrcd to go by it, but here another hittli ocuured, for it yvas found that there yv ns no carriage that could bo attached to the tinm Not to be stopped by so small a matter, his loi elslnp y olunteereil to go on the engine yvith the diiy er mid stoker, if nlloyvcuto tlo BO I his yy as at once granted, and Dr Bickorstcth rode to lus tlestina tion on the engine, and so ngrecable cbd ho make himself to his companions, that the driver said that if he yvas a specimen of the bishops ho shouldn t minti haying one on the engine with linn ey cry day -Man chotei Gna> dian LAW x Dvys or BRAMAH, TI II our AT LOCK ytAKin-Jobtph Bramall yvas born in 1718, at the y îllnge of fetnmborough, near Bnmslej, in Yorkshire yvheic li s father rented a small farm undei Lorel Struflbrd Joseph yyas the elelcst of bye children, and yvas cailj destined to follow the plough After re cciymg n small amount of education at the yiUngc school, he yvas set to yyoik on the farm Prom an early period he bhoyvcel sign« of constructivo skill A\ hen n mere bo} lie ottupictl lus leisure houis in making musical instruments, anel he sueceeelcd in executing some «editable pieces ol yvork with very impel feet tools A yiolm yv hieb ho mnele out of n solid block of yy ood yv as long presen eel as a curiosity Ileyyns so foi tunóte ns to be able to make a fnend ol the yillnge blacksmith, yvhose snuthj he yyns in the habit of ircqucnting Hie smith yiasnn ingenious yyorkniaii, and, luiymg taken a likuig for the boy, ho mnele sundry tools lor linn out of old tiles mel razor blades , and yy ith these his fiddle anti other pieces of yvork yvere mainly constructed Joseph inif,ht haye leimuncd a ploughman lor life, but loi nil actultnt yv Inch happened to his right ankle nt the agc of sixteen, yvlueli unsuiteil lum lor farm yy oik AVlulc confined at home disabled, he spent his ti ne m caiv mg and mnking tlnnns m yvood , anel then it oceimed to linn that, though he eoulel not now be a plough mon, he might be a nieihanic A\ hen suffieicntlj îe coycreel, he yyns nicordin"l} put apprentice to one Allot, the yillage earpentei, unclci yyliom he soon became an txpeit yvorkni in Ile could make ploughs, yv nulovv Iraníes, or hdellcs yvith cqu ii dexterity He ah o made yiolonecllos, and vvis so fortunate as to sell one of his m iking ior three guineas, yy Inch is still reikcncel n good instrument He doubtless felt xvithm linn the promptings of ambition, such as ey cry good yvorkman feils, anel, at all ey cuts, eutertimcel the elesne of using in his trade AVhcn his time vv is outbe iiconlniglyiesolveil to seek yvork mlondin, yvlutlier he mule lusjouino} on loot -bmilci. s Indus ti tal Jin qi nphj lui B yoi ni IN 11 vi ii L-Hie bagpipe is yyell know ii to produce a poyveitul eflcet on Ilighlandcis ni the day ol battle Hie circumstance yviu, with happy instinct, token edyantage ol b} Colonel Cimuion, of the'lind Highlanders, at the bittlcot the Nive, in IS 1,1 His leginicnt, oyeiwhelmed bj superior munbeis, bul retired to the renr of the hamlet of St Picirc lhcn its gillam colonel (Cnmeion) once nioie led it down the io id, with colours lljingnnel music plajing, íesohed to give the shock to yyb never stood ni the yinj (jlonously that ic¡,unent tame lorth ignin to ibuge, yyitb colours flying und then national music plijinj;, is if going to a icy iew Hu« yvas to understand yvtn Hie man yvho, in that moment anel immediately after a repulse, thought of such military pomp, yv is by nature n solebei V sunilai instance oecuired at Iucknoyy, yvhtre a joung captain of the 93id, Macdonald by name, oieieied the pipe major to plij iliuing the assault He did so, anil continued, anuilst n storm ol bhot, to send foith his inspiriting strums with as much coolness -as if on paiaele - lthcincuni ''-»¿T.SSStS 