SHIPPING NEWS. ARRIVED. Saturday, February 26—Freebridge, schooner, 92 tons, Robert McMichen, master, from Port Frederick February 18. Robin and Le Messurier, agents. 26—Penols, steamer, 261 tons, F. P. Sunday, February Snewln, master from Melbourne February 23, via Hae- Donnell Bay and Port Kobe. W. Tonnghosband, Jan.. •ndCa. acent?' Passengers, Melbourne to MacDonnell Bar—Mr Fontx, in Ithe cabin. Melbourne to Robe—Mr. and Miss Kearney, Mrs. Hiss Ritchie, and Mr. J. Whittaker, in the cabin; Misses Cunningham and Firman, and Messrs, Firman and Sullivan, In the steerage. Melbourne to Adelaide—Messrs. J. Murphy. J. and 8. Ople, Mrs. Campbell and four children, and Mrs. L. Campbell and infant, in the cabin; and two in the steerage. MaeDonneU Bay to Adelaide-Mrs. Frith, Mrs. Keimey, Mis. Gall, and Mrs. Logue, in the cabin ; Kesirs. Campbell and wife. C Gould. A. Campbell, Tolmer, meL Uwre," May, M3S? Rennie, Mrs. Sasaantosky and SmnyTjfHu?ter. J. Dixon. tt. Gould, A.McMurtre^ Woodery,Smlth(2), Garnet, Catherine Gould, and Mr. and Mrs Cummins, In the steerage. Kobe to Adelaide—Mrs. Gell, Mr. and Mrs. O'ReUly and tamUy. Messrs Grey. Moriey.and Warren. Cargo-Rrom MacDonnell Bay-a tanks. Marine Board; 20 bags barley, J. Primroses 1 parcel. Soott; a ban potatoes, Tolmer; ado, Bennie; 1 pkg., Hatte; ? baS potatoes. W. A. Wright and Co.; a bales kannroo sldnsV Isbister. From Kobe—t bales skins, Te hides, 6 bdls. skins. 2 casks tallow, Sagar; 36 hides, J. Taylor; sroasks, J, Primrose. ARRIVED (COASTING). Saturday, February 26— Swallow, cutter, 30 tons, Lewis, j master, from Lacepede Bay. In ballast Sunday, FebruaryM-tabra, steamer, 220 tons, McCoy, master, from Port Angusta and Port Lincoln. Same daypOmeo? schooner, 40 tons. A. Beid. master, is tons. McKay, master, from PBa\nTday^iur Brothers, barge. 30 tons. McKay.Jmaster, from Port Wakefleld. ? • IMPORTS. Cargo Tot the Freebridge, from Port Jrederick-4?,330 B QP^oU:^nterielbourne to KacDonneU BavTiB6pkES.. Order. From Melbourne to Port Kobe- US *pkj£ Srue7. R-bm Mettoume to Adelalde-9 cases. ? bates drapery. J. Skelton and Co.; 200 oases kfrosine. D. SdJ. PStrier; 1 case, Waupet; 4 do. galvanized iron; Kobin and LeMesaurier; l bolter,4S pkgs. iron. 3casks, B, Lindsay; l parcel, W. Yoimghnshand, Jnn.. and Co.; l da, J. Scott i I do., TarnbnU. CLEARED (COASTING). Saturday. February 25-Boyal. Shepherd, steamer. 300 tons. Ward, master, from Wallaroo and Port Angusta. Same day-Gem, cutter. 61 tons, E. Jenkins, master, from Vlotor Harbour. SAILED. Saturday, February 25—Julie Heyn, barque, for Port Chalmers. Same day—Australia, brig, for WangauuL N.Z. Same day—Alexandra, steamer, for King George's S< Bameday-Boyal Shtpherd, steamer, for Wallaroo and Port Augusta. __ Same day—Gem, cutter, for Vtotor Harbour, PROJECTED DEPARTURES. For London-Fram Port Adelaide: Edinburgh, Alwyn tjn. Fort Regent, Harwich early. For Madna-Blaakwall, early. For Batavia-Kron Prinsen, early. For Adam Bay. Northern Territory-Bengal, early. For Sydney and Newcastle-TomaHn, early. MISCELLANEOUS SHIPPING. The MATILDA ATHELING, immigrant ship, was towed into harbour on Saturday evening. In the cargo of the ALDINGA, from Melbourne, 2 cases Cohen, should hare been 2 cases, Hermann Cohn. Toe Tbtoicfb Is a bandy schooner of 88 tons, which arrived from Montrose on Friday night, after a passage of 144 days during which theseastook of water was bo far expended that during the last week of tin mags the crew wire on very Shortailowance. Captain Kindred reports leaving Scotland on October 3: on November 25 crossed the line In long. • -3>o W., and December 29rounded the Cape. On the me .'ifdiaa of Cape lienwin a, succession of E. and S.E. gales were experienced, extending over three weeks. " VJesssLS Spokes. —By the Trtnmpb—On November 6. In lat-IBoN^S6O W., the Russian barque Wiatka. steering north'; on November 18, In lat 70 ?•. Jong. 25? WVthe British ship Anranco, from Liverpool, bound to the Falk land Island*: on December 2. in lat. 12? 24' 8., long. 30? SO' W.,.the Danish barque Ludwig Holm, from Copen hagen. 42 days out, bound to Akyab; on .December s, in lat wo 4s* R , long. 250 40* W., the British barque Oleander, from London, 33 days oat. bound to Algoa Bay. The steamer Pevola. left Melbourne on February 23. with light and variable winds and fine weather to Kobe. Passen gers and cargo were landed and embarked at the outports, and she sailed from Robe at e.M on Satan-day. During several trips past she has unfortunately arrived at the \- anchorage at low water, and on Sunday was detained for a " aouple of hours tin the tide rose. Tax Moohesgi at Post MacDohseu.—lt Is a very long interval since the chains were' overhauled, and those persons most frequently in the habit of using them are ap prehensive lest some of the links should have been worn by friction ton to render them defective. There Is but one berth available for the Penola there, and if tne moorings are not soon attended to her visits to the ports will of necessity be relinquished. : . 