Sales by Auction. WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 3 AND 9. At the Victoria sale-rooms, Collins-street east Great Unreserved Sale by Public Auction Of 257 Packages Of SOFT GOODS, As Below. The Attention of Wholesale and Retail Drapers, Hattors, Outfitters, Ship; ers, and Others, Is Directed to this Sale. Every Line Will be Sold. Wand S GARDINER will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their room, Collins-street east, on Wednesday and Thunday.'commonclng at eleven each day, 267 packages soft goods, comprising Slops. 62 packages, Men's fancy tweed trousers, diagonal tweed do, tweed trousers and vests to match, diagonal tweed vests, black cloth do fancy tweed Tasmanian sacs, ingots tin good trousers and vests to match, check and Scotch tweed trousers with vests to match, boys' mixed tweed Richmond suits, do fancy tweed and mutton knicker backer suits, do fancy Eton suits, men's superfine black alpaca Bacs, do super doe trousers and vests, do cheviot tweed trousers. shirts. ' 27 cases. Boys' Florentine shirts, do Australian shirts, men's white long cloth shirts collars and bands, do blue serge shirts, do fancy light ground painted Crimean shirts, men's all-wool ., do, do cricketing shirts, do light-ground Cashmere shirts, silk mixed summer tweed do men's large size flannel do, do Victorian. Tartan Crimean. Hosiery, Ties, Collars, &c.; 16 cases. Men's brown cotton half hose, do lambswool pantaloons, do Shetland lambswool half hose, do block and coloured Tom Thumb ties, do block and coloured West-end and Regent tics, youths' West-end collars, do Pnnco i Arthurs, mon's West-end collars, silk umbrellas, puggrees, Silk. Boys' Hats and Caps. 38 cases. Hoya' black cloth caps, do do, French peaks, do and youths' do, boy's' rifle volunteers, do tweed do, , delight mohair do, do poplin do, do cashmere do, do super, black cloth elly rifles, do bronze leather do, do black and blue navy caps, patent silk velvet riOo do, drab Dunedin hats, black and drab chums, boys' drab round crown hats, 205 shape, sec. Men's Hats and Caps. 40 cases. Men's black cloth military caps, French peaks ; do blue and black navy do, do drab felt 205 shape, do drab chums, do do Chesterfield s, do do felt colonials, Al brim ; do soft and hard crown Boiurcgards, silk and plain unders ; do drab * brisbanes, do black Prince of Wales and chum hats, light tweed Ohestorflolds, Al brim ; tweed Gladstones, drab shell hats, and other goods. Boys', Youths', and Men's Straw Hats. 28 cases. Boys' fine white boating hats, do white split Arthurs, do, coloured do, do white Brazilian, do white and coloured Douglas, do do china pearl Prince Arthur's, men's white and coloured straw boating hats, do improved do, In Russolls, Oxfords, white Canadians, and other shapes ; do leghorn hats. General Drapery. cases. 281\. cotton and worsted check dress stuffs, chock lustres, mohairs, printed chono lustres, SSln. knickerbocker skirtings, Eno small check muslins, 0 8 twill checks, 15in. and 30in. longcloths, brown holland and bleach linen, white and coloured roll skirtings, beetled twist silesia (assorted), 04, 63, and 72in. white shoot- ings, damask napkins, spot- cloths, damask tablecloths, cambric scallops SSln. forfar, OSln. scrims 7-8 medium Welsh Hamids, 7-8 Saxony imitation 6-4 and 8-4 mohair place, for months Best white and blue crinoline steel, silk elastic Light and dark brown glace sunshades Silk umbrellas, 0-8 prints Block applique falls, mohair crinolines 30 and 40 stool crinolines, c o-8 and 7-8 hemmed cambric handkerchiefs Ladies' braid, Invisible and chenille nots Summer tweed trouserings Drab twist check do, c. Terms Under £100, cash ! £100 and under £300, approved bills at three months' ; £300 and upwards, three and four months' approved bills. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, Kirk's Horse Bazaar. £0 Head of Superior Well-bred Broken-in Horses, under Six Years Old. GEORGE WATSON has received Instructions from Mr. James Douglas, to SELL by AUCTION, on the above ditto, 60 head of first-class broken-in horses, 26 of which are neatly thoroughbred, got by Mr. King's Harold and Ben Bolt The above are a very superior lot of horses, suitable for hacks, carriage and harness horses, and are very suitable for the Melbourne and Indian markets. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. Kirk's Horse Bazaar. Pair Carriage Horses. GEORGE WATSON has been instructed by the owner to SELL by AUCTION, on Wednesday, 8th November, at twelve o'clock. One pair very handsome black carriage horses. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10. Kirk's Horse Bazaar. The Racehorses Poet, Minstrel, and Railway Harry. GEORGE WATSON has received instructions from Mr. J. Bear to SELL by AUCTION, on Friday, November 16 The following racehorses : POET, a bay horse, flavours old, 16 hands high, by Boiardo, dam Ellen Tree by Jersey, dom Mirror by Sir Hercules, g.d. Prism by Camel. (Vide stud book.) As a three-year-old he won the Waterloo Plate, Clarence Plains, three miles ; ran second for the Melbourne Cup, 1864 ; won Victoria Plate, three miles, boating Sign, Rose of Denmark, Playboy, and Musidora. He also boot Donnybrook, Archer, Flying Doe, to. Ho ron third in Launceston Champion, beating Ben Bolt, Banker, Barwon, Ebor, So., when greatly out of form. With engagements. MINSTREL, bay gelding, five years old, by Boiardo, out of Remnant, by Gustavus, dam Mirror by Sir Hercules, site. As a three-year-old he won the Maiden Plate and All aged Stakes, Clarence Plains, and Two and Three Year Old Stakes at Hobart Town, and Flying Stakes at present meeting. Also, RAILWAY HARRY, handsome brown horse, five years old, by Bay Middleton, by Jersey dam Beeswing, grand dam Black Sal by Wanderer, winner of the Leger and Shorts'in Van Diemen's Land, and nominated for the Ballarat Handicap ; only been six weeks In training since his arrival from Tasmania, and therefore not fit at the Victoria Racing Club Meeting ; is one of the fastest horses over two miles in the colony. The above horses are well worth the attention of racing men. THIS DAY and TO-MORROW. To But ors for India, Coach and Cab Proprietors, Dealers, and Others. 75 Head of Colts and Fillies, Unbroken : And 20 Head of Broken-in Horses. A. STRETTLE and Co. here received instructions from Thomas Downey, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at their yards (late George Kirk and Co.'s), Bourke-street, on Tuesday and Wednesday, Nov ember 7 and 8, at three o'clock, Tboflrtt draft (60 head) of well bred broken-in and unbroken horses. No reserve, Rote No indemnity charged to purchasers. Sales by Auction, AUCTIONEERS' SPECIAL NOTICE. To Gentlemen Building, Architects, Contractors, Builders, Ironmongers, and Others. FOR Mondays AUCTION SALE, 'mh"NóVémber, at eleven o'clock. " . v ' It Now on view, ' ,. At the rooms, 38 and 10 Collins-street east, ? i i if, The of MARBLE AND SLATE MANTELPIECES ' are v , 'And 'x REGISTER GRATES. - % BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE, auctioneers. NB-No buyers. One week will be allowed for the removal of purchases, and, if not wanted for immediate use, arrangements can be made with the auctioneers for storage, packing, &c.; \- -THIS DAY. At Twelve O'Clock Lambeth-villa, Lambeth-place, Alma-road, " St. Kilda. The Residence of Roderick McKenzie, Esq. HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, And VALUABLE OIL PAINTINGS. To Private Buyers of Furniture, Lovers of the Fine Arts, Brokers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE are instructed by Roderick McKenzie, Esq, to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, Lambeth-villa, Lambeth-place, Alma-road, St. Kilda, on Tuesday, November. 7, at twelve o'clock, The whole of his household furniture, oil paintings, choice engravings, &c;, comprising Dining-room and Parlour. Polished cedar loo table and cloth table cover Mahogany couch, covered in hair cloth Do easy chair, do Six do superior diningroom chairs, do Handsome mahogany sideboard Brussels carpet and hearthrug, fender and fire irons Bronzed French clock, gilt pier-glass, chimney ornaments, &c.; Lace window curtains Paintings and engravings, &c.; An old oil painting, subject Cupid and Venus Do do, do-German Ruins Do do, da-Rustle Landscape 2 valuable old oil paintings Superior framed engravings, Japanese cabinet, first-classs vol vor, lot of books, &c.; Also, Superior electro-plated ware, cut glass and china, dinner service, kc. Bedrooms. , Double tubular four-post Iron bedstead (Win field's), and mosquito curtains Bair matting, palliasses, and bedding Single Iron bedsteads and bedding Double and single washstands and toilet are Toilet tables, looking glasses, commode Bedroom chairs, curtains, towel rails, &c.; Kitchen, &c.; Articles of kitchen furniture and utensils A little lot of poultry, wheelbarrow, &c.; Without reserve N.B. Catalogues now ready, to be had at the rooms, 38 and 40 Collins street east. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. At Eleven O'clock. Catalogue Sale of Household Furniture and Mircol'a ncous Goods. To New Arrivals, Parties Furnishing, Furniture Brokers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins street east, next the Bank of Victoria, on Wednesday, November 8, at eleven o'clock, A large assortment of new and secondhand furniture, &c;, Comprising Parlour and Dining-room Furniture. Hair-seated and leather-covered chairs Do do sofas and couches Do do easy chairs Carpets, various sizes Hearthrugs Tables, mahogany and cedar Chiffonniere and sideboards Fenders and fireirons . Curtains and poles, and table-covers. Bedroom Furniture. Single and double iron bedsteads Do do horsehair and other mattresses ' Straw do Blankets, sheets, and counterpanes Toilet tables and glasses Single and double washstands and toilet ware Carpets, druggets, and hearthrugs Chests of drawers, various Towel-rails, commodes Whatnots Gilt pier-glasses Blackwood tables , Marble slab washstands and toilet Brass bedsteads. Kitchen Furniture. Boilers and saucepans, tinware, c Lot of Useful crockery Deal table and meat-safe Kitchen chairs. Terms Cash. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9. At Half-past Ten O'clock. Peremptory Sale. The Whole to be Cleared Day of t are. At the Sabloniere Hotel, 93 Queen-street. HOTEL AND HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, Immigrants' Boxes, Street Organ. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE have received Instruc- tions from Mr. Charles Rupprecht to SELL by AUCTION, at the Sabloniere Hotel, 93 Queen-street, on Thursday, at half-past ten o'clock. Without reserve, The hotel and household furniture Hotel fittings Bedsteads and bedding Kitchen range Street organ, flutinas A quantity of sundries. The Whole Without Reserve. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10. At Eleven O'clock. Expiration of Lease. Important Sale, Without Reserve, At the Temple of Pomona, 93 and 95 Bourke-street East. Of HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, FIXTURES, and FITTINGS. Also, FIRST-CLASS BILLIARD-TABLE, BY ALCOCK. Handsome Fountain, Splendid Pier Glass, Anti STOCK-IN-TRADE AND LICENCE. To Publicans, Parties Furnishing, Dealers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE have been instructed by Mr. George Nissen to SELL by AUCTION (In consequence of the expiration of his lease of the Temple of Pomona, 93 and 95 Bourke-street east) on Friday, November 16, at eleven o'clock sharp. Without reserve, Household Furniture, comprising couches and sofas, covered in hair cloth Do colored in imitation leather Stuffed chairs, covered in leather and haircloth Oak cane chairs, in various patterns Dining, room, and bar tables The largest gilt frame pier glass in the colony Gilt frame pier glasses, of various sizes Carpets and hearthrugs Floorcloth, to. Bedroom Furniture. Single Iron bedsteads and bedding Chests of drawers Washstands and toiletware Toilet tables and looking-glasses Carpets and druggets Bedroom chairs, 4s. Billiard-room. One of Alcock's first-class billiard tables Billiard-room furniture H handsome gilt, bronze, and glass gas pliers, various patterns A very prettily designed water fountain, all metal, suitable for a large garden or public building, with contrivances to throw the water in various forms The complete plant of tools, slate table, for a confectioner Very superior Russell's kitchen range, with four overs Also, The counters, with and without marble tops Glass show cases for counters and windows j x A large cedar press for fruit, fitted with drawers?! A capital lee chest Stock and Licence, The whole of the stock-in-trade Wines and Spirits, confectionery In the Yard and Garden. A corrugated Iron house Summer-houses, pot plants A large lot of sundries, too numerous for the limits of an adv censorious. NB-In consequence if the expiration of the lease, the whole of the goods must be cleared within two days. Terms cash. Catalogues will be ready on Monday, to be had at the rooms of the auctioneers, 33 and 40 Collins-street east._ TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14. Moorabbin, Beyond Brighton, About a Mile and a half from Picnic Point, overlook- ing the Bay between the Red Bluff and the House and Grounds of the Hon. C. H. Ebden. Gloumor house, With Nearly 40 Acres of Land. For Sale by Order of the Mortgagees. MESSRS. NOYES and REED are instructed to SELL by AUCTION (through their auctioneer), on Tuesday, the 14th inst., at two o'clock, That very beautifully-situated residence. The two front rooms of the house and the hall are large and lofty, built of stone and brick, with slate roof and good verandah ; the back rooms, kitchen, stabling, and out-offices, fowl-houses, piggeries, to . are of wood the tank is large, and full of good water. The flower-garden, kitchen and fruit garden, and vineyard are well stocked and in excellent order ; the remainder. Including two commanding building sites, is divided into convenient paddocks, in one of which is a large fresh-water lagoon. Olio property is recommended as a most desirable seaside retreat for a bachelor or small family. For further particulars and cards to view, apply at the auction rooms, C3 Mid 70 Queen-street, Melbourne. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10. Important Sale of Suburban and Country Estates, at the London Tavern, Elizabeth-street. MR. DANIEL GRANT will CAUSE to be SOLD by AUCTION (through his auctioneer, Mr. John Hurley), at the London Tai cm, Elizabeth-street, on Friday, 10th November, at eleven o'clock, A half-acre of land in Lonsdale-street east, near the Wesley Church ; this land is finely situated for a hall or a public building. Two brick houses near the Parliamentary Hotel, in Lonsdale-street east. And a variety of properties in St. Kilda, Northcote, Broadmeadows, Donnybrook, and other place'. Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. HAWTHORN. House, Grounds, and Estate, Hawthorn. Note Amongst the many very gentlemanly edifices in the environs and vicinity of Melbourne, this is one which will challenge comparison with that of any other. It is of modern construction, and was built under the superintendence' of John Gill, Esq., architect Delightfully situated on the never-failing Yarra, MR. STUBBS announces to capitalists that he has received instructions from Henry Creswick, Esq., M.L.A., to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at the auction-rooms, 81 Collins-street, Melbourne, on Tuesday, the 7th day of November, 1865, bale at twelve o'clock precisely, -" 4 The beautiful mansion or chateau, the well known residence of the above gentleman, at Hawthorn".' Possession immediate. The House, or Mansion, is built substantially of stone, in the Gothic style, with grounds attached, having six principal apartments on the ground floor, viz., a noble portico, handsome anteroom, beautiful suite of drawing and dining rooms, library, and breakfast parlour, and a well-designed and very convenient sized banquoting pantry. The upper floor is approached by a neat staircase, opening on an outer balcony, room, c, replete with domestic requisites and appurtenances, in keeping with the contour and character of the property ;afewsteps above introduces you" to a fine suite of bedrooms, impervious to any Influence appertaining to discomfort warm in winter and always cool in summer. The out-offices consist of kitchen (well fitted-up), underground collars of very superior description, superb coachhouse, stables, hayloft, servants' rooms, laundry and scullery, c That most valuable of all comforts and ingredients of health, water, is most abundant, and of the purest kind It is contained in a subterranean roses voir or tank. The foundation Is particularly solid, and the whole com- bines a strength, unity, and convenience not to be replaced under thousands and thousands of pounds. The approach is by way of Hawthorn-bridge. The carriage and Co, from Creswick- street, skirts along the inclosure of the upper orchard, the soil of which is of the first class and peculiarly adapted to the growth of the choicest descriptions of fruit-trees, as * orange, citron, pomegranate, fig, apricot, apple, pear, peach, cherry, mulberry, plum, and loquat, strawberry, etc, all growing in bursting beauty and luxuriance The foreground of the estate is peculiarly situated also as to enchanting scenery ; it slopes gradually to the river's edge, where the soil has been replenished by vegetable earth, and is profitable in meadow, vines, fruits, arborots, and orchard, In beautiful variety. Cards to view may be obtained by applying to Mr. Stubbs. Title guaranteed. Terms, Liberal at Sale. THIS DAY. The very valuable Estate Of MARYVILLE, Comprising 642 acres urban of and in extension of the Township of Northcote, with about 2500ft frontage-Building Land-to the road. MR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions from the proprietor to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION (previous to his contemplated return to the United Kingdom), on Tuesday, the 7th November, 1865 (immediately after the sale of Hawthorn House), fixed for twelve o'clock precisely, THE MARYVILLE ESTATE, Original territorial Sections No. 122, of 284 acres and No. 120 of 268 acres, four and a half miles from the city. It is bounded by the Darebin Creek, the soil upon which is highly productive arable, meadow, orchard, hop, wheat, barley, hay, and oat land. The upland Is particularly well grassed, and abounds with rich herbage all the year round, profitable for dairy produce, &c.; A noble ridge (part of the upland) runs through the centre of the property-fine sites for the erection of Villa residences. It adjoins the property of the Hon. H. Miller, M.L.C., is well timbered, and is easy of carriage draught. Excellent building stone besides may be had upon it and how easily it may be bought and how easy the payment, viz Ten per cent, cash deposit ; five per cent, at six months and five per cent, at 12 months, bearing eight per cent. The residue of (80 per cent.) may remain at eight per cent, secured upon the property. i Value of it for Squatters and up country Stock- holders It gives a most favourable chance to the up-country proprietor, who now has an opportunity of bringing and depasturing his stock, at a short distance from town, on good feed and adjacent water, the great desideratum for all market stock. It is proposed to make the sale in two lots, viz., Lot 284 acres and lot 253 acres, as grants, The titles being unquestionable. THIS DAY. Creswick-street, Hawthorn. Near the Property of the Hon. Charles Gavan Duffy. By Order of the Mortgagee. House and Land, River Frontage. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, by order of the mortgagee, on Tuesday next, the 7th November, 1865, immediately after the sale of Hawthorn house, and the splendid estate of Mary- ville, All that piece of land, lot 37, on the plan of subdivision of Allotment No. 23 of Section 6, parish of Boorondara, together with the house and buildings erected thereon. See plan at the rooms, extending to the frontage to the Yarra. Terms at sale. Title Guaranteed. THIS DAY. A very Comfortable Little House for an Industrious Thriving Tradesman. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, 81 Collins-street, on Tuesday next, the 7th November, at twelve o'clock precisely, A comfortable weatherboard house with four rooms, situated in Gipps-street, near the corner of Hoddle-street, with large garden planted with vegetables, including potatoes, and a little orchard of vines, fruit trees and flowers, and 81 feet frontage to Gipps-street by 120 in depth, more or less, adjoining Mr. Callan's. Title Perfect Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER O. Surplus Drawingroom, Diningroom, Bedroom, Library, and other Valuable Household Furniture and Effects. At Apsley cottage, Corner of Robe and Acland streets, St. Kilda. MR. STUBBS has been directed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at Apsley cottage, corner of Robe and Acland streets, St. Kilda, on Thursday, the 9th November, sale to commence at twelve o'clock precisely, Comprising, amongst other articles, elegant pier glasses, console ; loo, library, and dining tables ; very handsome rosewood bookcase, Brussels carpets, handsome sideboard, brass and other handsome bedsteads, bedding, chairs, hall do. Catalogues of which will be prepared for the sale. Terms Dash. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13. Timber-yard and Carpenter's Shop, with Town Allot- ment No 17 of Sec. 42, Queen-street. To Timber Merchants, Contract Carpenters, Builders, Engineers, and Others. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor, Mr. Wm. Teale, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Monday, 18th November, on the premises, Queen-street, at twelve o'clock precisely, All that piece or parcel of city building land, Allotment No. 17 of Sec 42, 00 feet frontage to Queen-street by about 100 foot in depth, more or loss, with the best carpenter's shop in the colony, two storeys high, and 48 feet long by 21 feet wide. Terms-One-third cash, and the residue at three months. Title Guaranteed. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14. Two Very Respectable Well-built Two-story First-class Hollies for Sale, In Wallace-street, Toorak, with Verandah, Balcony, and Portico to Each. MR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions from the proprietor to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, the absolute disposal of Two very fine stone and brick built houses, On Tuesday, the 14th November, at his rooms, 81 Collins street, Melbourne, at twelve o'clock precisely. Note-The are contiguous to the property formerly occupied by Lieutenant- General Sir Thomas Pratt, So and adjoining the two-story residence rented by Mr. King (of Messrs. Sargood King and Co.) and his family before they left the colony for England. They have drawingroom, dining-hall, and staircase, with a good suite of five bedrooms above, including nursery and dressingroom ; detached kitchen, brick dairy and servants'-room, garden and paddock beside, to each. One is lot for £50 per annum and Immediate possession may be had of the other. The land comprises an area of 150ft frontage to Wallace-street, by 200ft in depth and there is no spot perhaps in any part of Toorak more beautifully retired, or more prettily wooded ; It is all scenery, and calculated to afford intense gratification. Further particulars may be had at Mr. Stubbs's rooms. Title guaranteed. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17. To Merchants, Respectable Tradesmen, Market Gar donors, Dairymen, and Others. A very Important Sale The Divisional Properties of the ARTHURTON ESTATE, Northcote By Direction of Andrew M'Arthur, Esq., In Consequence of His Now Residing in Gipps Land. MR. STUBBS is instructed to make known the absolute SALE of the undermentioned properties by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, 81 Collins street, on Friday, the 17th day November, 1855, at twelve o'clock precisely, Lot 1. The very neat cottage residence and grounds, formerly occupied by Mr. M'Arthur and his family. Lot 2-32. lr. 14p., opposite the cottage and adjoining the Yan Yean tramway. Lot 8. Three allotments of half acre each, adjoining Mrs. Herbert's purchase. Lot 4. Six allotments of half-acre each, adjoining the residence of and premises of Beilby Hawthorn, Esq. Lot 6. Quarter-acre allotment fronting the road for retail trade And also, at the same time and place, by direction of Rowand M'Arthur, Esq., Lot 6-2. 26p. adjoining Mr. Andrew M'Arthur's cottage on the north and the tramway on the south Lot 7-2. lr 28p. adjoining the old family house. Lot 8-10 allotments, of half an acre each, all In one block. Lot 0. Quarter-acre allotment fronting the road. Note-The soil of the "Old Arthurton Estate is generally of a superior description, and the whole available for orchard, green Bluff, and garden purposes. The situation is admirable, being about four miles and a half from town. Cab conveyances every hour from and to the Peacock. Terms at sale. For title, John Trenchard!, Esq., solicitor. Temple court. Sales by Auction. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17. By Order of the Trustees of the Will of the Late J. Clarke, Esq. of Gooparlo, Saltwater River. v Valuable Family Estate and Freehold, Consisting of to the Urban Estate) comprising 83. 2r. and 38p., near the Racecourse, part of Portions 29 and 30, parish of Doutta Galla. v Also, 4 ' Original Allotments, Township of Seymour. MR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Friday, No "vemberlTîat-the rooms, 81 Collins-street west, at" twelve o'clock precisely, Lot. Urban Estate, comprising Sa. 2r. 33p., near the Racecourse, parish of Doutta Galla. Lots 3,4, 60 7, 8, and 0 of original allotments, township of Seymour!?., Allotments 0, 7,8, 9, and 10 of Section 7 and 7, 8,9 and 10 of Section 8, with all buildings erected thereon (If any). , Terms, liberal, at sale. Title, parties are referred to Messrs. Palmer and Hedderwick, solicitors, &c.;, William-street. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22. Good Investments. Bank Shares and Freehold Properties. In the Estate of the late Mrs. Amelia Smythe, of St. Kilda. By Order of the Executors. Preliminary Notice. MR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions received from the executors to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the auction-rooms, Collins- street, Melbourne, on Wednesday, the 22nd November, 1865, sale at twelve o'clock precisely, Loewe three-storey houses, near the Supreme Court Hotel, Russell-street 2\. Villa allotment of fire acres land, at Elsternwick, all enclosed 3\. Shares in the Bank Victoria. Further particulars In a future advertisement, with terms of payment, &c.; AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. THE undersigned begs to Inform the merchants, traders, and others that the business lately carried on at 14 Colllns-street, will in future be transacted at 80 Collins-street west, the premises lately in the occupation of N. Harris and Co. S. H. COHEN and Co., Auctioneers and Commission Agents. THIS DAY. At Eleven O'clock. To Hop Merchants, Brewers, Grocers, and Others. Important Sale of 257 POCKETS MID KENT HOPS, GROWTH OF 1804. By Order of Edward Whitby, Esq. SH. COHEN and Co. have received Instructions , from Edward Whitby, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 80 Collins- street west, on Tuesday, Nov. 7, at eleven o'clock, In lots to suit purchasers, Ex Gresham, W in diamond, L under, 10/ pockets Mid Kent hops, 1804. Ex Kosciusko, 65 pockets G olding's hops, 1851. Ex Moravian, 18 pockets Mid Kent Hops, 1803. H in diamond, 3 pockets Mid Kent Hops, 1800 4 do Kent do, 1800. In bond or duty paid at buyers'' option. Terms £150 and under, not cash ; above that and up to £500, three months', above that sum, three and four months' approved bills, to be endorsed If re- quired. The attention of speculators, brewers, and others is particularly requested to the above sale, inasmuch as the quality and condition of the hops is superior to any other importations, and will be found equal in quality, if not superior, to any coming forward, as they are of a class rarely brought to this market. The importations from the above Importer are Justly acknowledged to be the best sample in the market. Sample pockets will be at the rooms on the morning of sale, when they will be cut open for the inspection and satisfaction of purchasers. The above are the balance of over 600 pockets, consigned to Mr. Whitby, and are offered for sale in order to clear up shipments and the auctioneers feel confident, in inviting the attendance of the trade to this really important sale, that they will be studying their own interests in attending and laying in their stocks for the season. _ THIS DAY. At Eleven O'clock. To Hop Merchants, Brewers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. 40 Pockets East Kent Hops, 1861. SH. COHEN and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 30 Collins-street west, this day, 7th Inst., at eleven o'clock, In lots to suit purchasers, 40 pockets East Kent hops, 1801. Torres, Liberal, at Sale. . am THIS DAY. At Two O'clock. CROWN LANDS SALE. Emerald-hill, Collingwood, Bulleen, Chintin. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received instructions from Her Majesty's Government to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 49 Collins- street west, TOWN LOTS. EMBBAUMUtitu Situate on the western side of the Sandridge-road, Upset price, 150 per acre. Allotments 4 to 6, 12 to 21, Section 61. 35p. to Ir. 22p. East Collingwood. Situate between the Heidelberg-road and the Darling-gardens, west of Hoddle- street. Upset price, 150 per acre. Allotments 3 to 7, Section 4 12 9,10,11, Section 6 3 7 to 13, Section 0. 35p. to her. lip. COUNTRY LOTS. Botasen. Situate on the Koonung Koonung Creek, within five miles south-east of Templestowe, east of Unwin's special survey. Upset price, 20s. per acre. Allotments 12 4, 5, 6, 7, Section 51. 0 acres each. CnrxTix. Situate three-quarters of a mile north-west of the township of Darraweit Guim, at the junction of Boyd's Creek and the Saltwater River. Upset price, £1 per acre. Allotment 82. 30 acres. Plans and information can be obtained at the Crown Lands Office, Melbourne. THIS DAY. At Two O'clock. HAY-STREET, SANDRIDGE. Immediately after the Crown Lands Sale. Two FInely-built Two-storey Brick Houses. Stone Foundations, Gas and Water Laid On. Immediately Opposite the Phoenix Mill. To Speculators, Merchants, and Others, on the Look- out for Profitable investments. GEMMELL, McCAUL, and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 40 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 7th November, immediately after the Crown Lands Sale, Two very substantially-built two-storey brick built houses, Cemented and stone foundations, Situate in Bay-street, Sandridge, and adjoining the Naval Brigade Hotel, Containing each Diningroom, drawingroom, four bedrooms, and kitchen. Terms liberal. These houses, built in the form of a terrace, have noble balconies to the front windows ; the approaches are by side entrances to the porticoes, and paved with red flagging. The rooms are all lofty, well ventilated, gas and water laid on. The upper windows command a most extensive view of Hobson's Bay, the shipping, St Kilda, Brighton, and all the surrounding country. Being within one minute's walk of the Raglan-street Railway Station, and cars passing the door every few minutes, this property, as private residences, Is rendered one of the most accessible around Melbourne, as, also, without doubt, one of the healthiest. Particulars as to title and conditions of sale on be had on application to the auctioneers, or to Messrs. Vaughan, Moule, and Seddon, solicitors, Chancery lane. Cards to view may be obtained of Robert Kerr, 10 Collins-street west. THIS DAY. At Eleven O'clock. Account of Whom it May Concern. Ex Victoria, From New York. At the Union Bond And Zander! Bond. 37 PACKAGES TWIST TOBACCO. 10 CASES AROMATIC Do. All More or Less Damaged by Sea water. To the Tobacconists of Melbourne and Up Country Districts. C"I EMHELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received In OT structions to SELL by AUCTION, on Tuesday, November 7, at eleven o'clock, At the Union Bond. 21 horses Carrier Dove twist tobacco. At Zander's Bond. 6 half-tierces Eagle twist tobacco 5 do do 16 cases May Apple fancy aromatic do 6 do pocket piece do. All more or less damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms cash. The Sale will Commence at the Union Bond. THIS DAY. At Twelve O'Clock. To Close Accounts. 10 Bags Light Counter Sugars. COO Swiss Cigars. O Cases Jams. To Grocers, Dealers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 30 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 7th November, at twelve o'clock, TO bags light counter Mauritius sugars SOO Swiss cigars 6 cases jams. No reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At Twelve O'Clock. Ex Prefet Paul Fcart. 410 BOXES FRENCH CLAY PIPES. Most Varied Assortment. To Tobacconists, Fancy Dealers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received In- structions from Messrs. Bligh and Harbottle to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 40 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 7th November, at twelve o'clock, 410 boxes French clay pipes, consisting of Cricketing pipes Cutty do Long and short stem do. FOR UNRESERVED SALE. Terms Cash. Samples on view at the rooms of the auctioneers. Bales MV Anouoxx. THIS DAY. At Two O'clock. CHURCH-STREET, RICHMOND, Shop, and Dwelling Attached, Immediately Opposite the Royal Saxon Hotel, At Present Occupied by Mr. Mellon, Grocer. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 40 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 7th November, at two o'clock, A VERY SUBSTANTIALLY BUILT SHOP 6 " and DWELLINGHOUSE, Bluestone with white brick facings, Slate roof, Consisting of shop, two rooms, large back yard, beds, etc The land has a frontage to Church-street, of about 50 feet by a depth of about 60 feet, Immediately opposite the Royal Saxon Hotel, and within three minutes' walk of the Church-street Railway Station. For particulars as to title and terms of sale, apply to Mr. Robert Kerr, Collins-street west, or to the auctioneers. V. B. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10. At Two O'clock. CROWN LANDS SALE. Monegeetta. Korrlo. Rochford. ' GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received instructions from Her Majesty's Government to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 49 Collins- street west, on Friday, November 16, at two o'clock, COUNTRY LOTS. RochfORD. Situate within eight miles south-west of Lancefield, on the Bolinda Creek, and nine and a half miles east of Woodend. ' Upset price, £1 per acre. Allotments DO to 125. 11 acres to 274 acres. Monegeetta. On the Bolinda Creek, adjoining abovenamed lots. Upset price, £1 per acre. Allotments 43, 44. 332 acres to 671 acros. Kerrie. On the Bolinda Creek, adjoining the abovenamed loU. Upset price, £1 per acre. Allotment 67. 640 acres. Plans and information can be obtained at the Crown Lands Office, Melbourne. WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16 AND 10. IMPORTANT CLEARING SALE. General Ironmongery. Coachmakers' Do. Saddlery. Stationery, etc. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received instructions from Messrs. Gill, Fowler, and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, No. 13 Little Collins-street west, on Wednesday and Thursday, November 15 and 16, at eleven o'clock each day, A MOST EXTENSIVE ASSORTMENT Of General Ironmongery Coachmakers' do Saddlery Stationery, &c.; Catalogues containing full Information in course of preparation, to be had on application to the auctioneers. Goods on view two days prior to sale. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15. At Twelve O'clock, At the Corner of Elizabeth and Flinders Streets. STEAM THRASHING MACHINE AND PORTABLE STEAM ENGINES. By RICHARD GARRETT AND SONS, SUFFOLK, To Agricultural Implement Manufacturers, Hardware Dealers, Farmers, and Others. GEMMELL, McCAUL, and Co. have melted instructions from Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at the corner of Elizabeth and Flinders streets, on Thursday, 10th November, at twelve o'clock, 1 h.p. portable steam-engine, with extras 1 combined threshing and finishing machine 110 hp portable steam engine, with a driving pulley and extras 112 h.p. do do, do do By the eminent makers, Richard Garrett and Sons, Suffolk. Terms at Sale. (or nor of Elizabeth and Flinders streets, Thursday, 10th November, at Twelve O'clock. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17. At Two O'Clock. Immediately after the Crown Lands Sale. HAWTHORN. ELEGANT SUBURBAN MANSION, Five Acres of Land, Situate on the Very Top of the Hill, Near the Residence of Judge Molesworth and the Hon. John O'Shanassy. To Squatters, Merchants, Bankers, and Others, GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 49 Collins-street west, on Friday, 17th November, at two o'clock, That splendid TWO-STOREY MANSION, at present occupied by John Slater, Esq., Consisting of Dining-room Drawing-room Breakfast-room Nursery , And Five bedrooms Kitchen and servants'-room Cellar Large back yard, two-stalled stable, coach-house, man's-room, fowlhouse, and sheds. LARGE GARDEN, fully stocked with all kinds of fruit trees, flowers, and flowering shrubs, in luxuriant profusion. A PADDOCK, adjoins the garden, capable of depasturing two cows all the year round. The house, under the inspection of Messrs. Rood and Barnes, architects, has been most faithfully and j substantially built of brick, and cemented. It stands on the very top of the hill, to the left of the residence of Judge Molesworth, and near the residence of the Hon. John O'Shanassy. Around the district of Hawthorn there is no site which can compare with this for beauty of scenery. The landscape extends for a radius of 30 miles all round, Including Hobson's Bay, Geelong district, Mount Macedon, Plenty Ranges, Dandenong Ranges, and right round to Schnapper Point For squatters, I or gentlemen engaged in business with a love for country life and country scenery, the auctioneers know of no spot around the city of Melbourne so suitable for a residence. For particulars as to title and terms of sale apply to Messrs. Vaughan, Moule, and Seddon, Chancery lane, Melbourne. Cards to view can be had from Robert Kerr, 10 Collins-street west THIS DAY. 30,000ft. Hardwood, Sizes, 361, 362, 84, 464, 466, 498, 499, 6 x 50 x 6 and 12 x 12. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at the Victorian Railways, Spencer-street, on Tuesday, 7th November, at eleven o'clock, or after sale on wharf, 30,00011. hardwood, sizes 361, 362, 334, 4 x 4, 4 x 6 4 x 3, 4 X 0, 5 x 6, 6 X 6, and 12 x 12. Terms at Sale THIS DAY, 6000ft. Cedar Logs. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, 7th Noi ember, at eleven o'clock, Ex Cyclone, 6000ft. cedar logs. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 6000ft 6 x 12 T. and G. White Flooring. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, or the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, 7th November, at eleven o'clock, Ex Lanarkshire, 3000ft. 6 x 12 T. and G. white flooring r. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 500 Doors 337, 2-10 x 6-10, 2-8 x 6-8, and 12-0 x 0-0 16 to 18 D.M. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, of the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, 7th November, at eleven o'clock, Ex Catherine Jane, 800 doors, 867, 2-10 x 6 19,28 x 0 8, and 2-0 ; 6-0, 12 to 14 D.M. Terms at Sale. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. Alteration of Sale Day, In Consequence of Prince of Wales's Birthday, MM'CAVY and ANOTHER will hold the . WEEKLY SALES of MEAT and pigs, calves Ac., on WEDNESDAY, at the usual hour, Tnstood e Thursday. THIS DAY. Royal Horse Bazaar. M'CAW and ANOTHER have received instruc- tlons to SELL by AUCTION, on Tuesday 7th inst., at twelve o'clock, 15 upstanding colts and lillies. A few of the above are by the imported horse Ben Lomond. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. At Eleven O'clock. Weekly Produce Sale. Royal Horse Bazaar. M'CAW and ANOTHER will SUBMIT to PUI . LIC COMPETITION, on Wednesday, the 8th inst., at eleven o'clock, Maize, oats, beans, peas, potatoes, hay, &c.; Also, Prime new potted butter, cheese, bacon, ham &a;, and produce generally. Notice. Wednesday, at eleven o'clock, in const quence of Thursday being Prince of Wales's birthday] MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13. Farm Sale. M'CAW and ANOTHER are instructed by Mr Patrick Walsh to SELL by AUCTION, at h farm, Epping, on Monday, November 13, at twelve o'clock sharp, The whole of his dairy stock, farming implement dairy utensils, etc, comprising 40 very superior cows, in milk and springing 16 yearling heifers (band reared) 1 superior bull 1 horse, spring-cart, and harness 20 pigs, poultry, c Ploughs, harrows, drays, hand tools, dall Utensils And A great variety of sundries. The whole for positive sale, In consequence of M Walsh's intention to leave the district. Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. Three Cases VERY SUPERIOR PLATED WARE. Now Goods. T """ í ', For Positive Sale. To Close Accounts. . To Ironmongers, Storekeepers Dealers, and Others. . FRASER and Co. havo.recohod instructions from the importers to SELL by ATJCTION.attholr upper rooms, 33 Colllns;street\west; on.. Tuesday;, November 7, at eleven o'clock'preel'oly, . S cases very superior platedware. Now goods. For positive sale. TO CLOSE ACCOUNTS. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER S. ENTIRE CARGO OF THE COORONG, FROM MAURITIUS. 7101 BAGS MAURITIUS SUGAR. Finest White and Yellow Crystals, Extra Finest Counters. Grainy Browning Sorts, Bright Rations. To the Merchants and Traders generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, &c.; I Ti FRASER and Co. have received Instructions from the importers, Messrs. Joshua Brothers, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street, on Wednesday, 8th November, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, Entire cargo of the Coorong, from Mauritius) consisting of 7191 bags MAURITIUS SUGAR. The qualities Include Finest white crystals Good white do Good and fine yellow do Grainy brewing sorts Medium good and extra finest counters Fine brown. Bright rations, c The usual arrangements are made for the prompt discharge of this cargo at the railway, so that delivery can be had at once alter sale, in bond or duty paid, as required. Samples on view at our rooms on and after Monday. This cargo may be pronounced the best assorted for the wants of this market imported this season. Terms at Sale FRIDAY, NOVEMBER TO. THIRD ARRIVAL OF THE NEW TEAS. Season, 1806 00. ENTIRE CARGO OF THE SEA NYMPH, FROM i FOOCHOW, i Consisting of 2320 Chests Kaisow Congou. 2076 Half-Chests Do. 2250 Boxes Do. 670 Do S. O. Pekoe. Total: 7116 Packages. To the Merchants and Traders Generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, Se FRASER and Co. have received instructions from the Importers, Messrs. Grice, Sumner, and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins street, on Friday, 10th November, at half-past eleven, o'clock precisely, The entire cargo of the Sea Nymph, from Foochow, being the third arrival of the new teas, season 1865 1850. G S & Co., In heart, 2220 chests Kaisow Congou 2075 half-chests do 2260 boxes do 50 do scented orange pekoe. Total, 7115 packages. The weights of the chests are from 3lb. to 8lb. ; half-chests, 40lb. to 461. ; boxes, 10lb. to 1266. The above cargo will be found on inspection to be carefully selected and admirably adapted to meet the current wants of the trade. The qualities Include good rations, medium, and fine to finest Kaisow Congou. The cargo will be ready for delivery on the day of sale. The attention of the trade is requested to the light weight of the packages. Musters now on view at our rooms, and buyers are requested to take samples for liquoring prior to day of sale. Terms at Sale THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10. Important Sale Of THE VICTORIA TANNERY, Fronting the Yarra Yarra. The Freehold, With All the Buildings and Improvements. To Capitalists, Speculators, Persons Desirous of investing in Paying Property, Tanners, Brewers, and Others. FRASER and Co. have received instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Thursday, the 16th day of November, at their rooms, in Collins street west, at twelve o'clock precisely, The Victoria Tannery, with an area of Ia, 2r. 22p, of freehold land, fronting the River Yarra Yarra, on which are the following buildings, Se, One large carrying and drying sho J, of three floors, with roller, table, and crew box Engine-house, with superior high-pressure engine of 12-horse power Bark mill-house, with powerful bark mill Wool-scouring house wlthPotrlo's patent scouring machine of Wool drying and packing shed, of two storeys Meeting-house for tallow, fitted up with melting vats and the rendering boilers Beam-house, for eight teams 103 pits and leeches, with Bro agitators driven by steam Stabling for eight horses, with other conveniences attached Substantial residence of seven rooms, with detached kitchen, laundry, etc. The grounds round the house have been laid cut at a great expense and with great care. The above property is well-adapted for a brewery or any kind of manufacturing Industry requiring room, water, and steam power, and Isconveniontly-sltuated adjoining the Gardiner's Creek-road Railway Station. For further particulars apply to FRASER and Co., Melbourne ; JAMES EVANS, land agent, Gardiner's Creek-road ; or to J. SHARP, on the premises. Title guaranteed complete. Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale. AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE. HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, Goods of all desserts tion, RECEIVED for SALE by AUCTION, at Johnston's auction mart, 118 Bourke- street. Cash advanced on goods received for sale by auction. Auctions at the mart Mondays, Wednesdays, and Satur- days. Houses and land sale will be held every Monday at two o'clock. Out-door auctions promptly attended. Accounts rendered and settled day after Bale. JOHNSTON, auctioneer, 118 Bourke-street east. THIS DAY. At Eleven O'clock. At 80 Brunswick-street, Collingwood. To New Arrivals, Parties Furnishing, and Others. GK. JOHNSTON is instructed by the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the above place, on Tuesday, at eleven o'clock The furniture and effects of a three-roomed cottage, consisting of Chairs, tables, sofas, carpet and rug, fender and fire-irons, chimney glass, few articles of china and cut glass, bedsteads and bedding, washstands toiletware, chest of drawers, dressing tables, and sundry articles of kitchen furniture. THIS DAY. At Two O'clock, at Mrs. Gray's, Nicholson Street, opposite Kerr Street. GK. JOHNSTON is Instructed by Mrs. Gray to SELL by AUCTION, at her residence, on Tuesday, at two o'clock, The whole of the furniture and effects of a four roomed cottage, consisting of haircloth chairs, easy chair, loo table and cover, haircloth couch, fender and fireirons, handsome chimney glass, plated candlesticks, quantity books, chest drawers, bedsteads and bedding, washstand and hollowware, and sundry articles of kitchen furniture WEDNESDAY. ~~ At Eleven O'Clock. To Booksellers and Others. About 800 Volumes Books to be Sold, 6 In Lots to Suit Purchasers. K. JOHNSTON is instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, 118 Bourke-street east, on Wednesday, at eleven o'clock sharp, About 300 volumes miscellaneous books. Terms cash, No Reserve THIS DAY. To the Boot Trade, Dealers, and Others. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, this day, at eleven o'clock, 120 trunks boots, Bostock and other makers, comprising Wellingtons and half-wolllngtons Gentlemen's elastic sides Women's cashmere, kid, and cloth boots Children's boots in variety, So. Also, A large lot of colonial-made b pots. For positive sale. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Twelve O'Clock. Brunswick-street, Fitzroy. To Parties Building, Contractors, and Others. BUILDING MATERIALS. WH. NAYLOR and Co. are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, corner of Brunswick and James streets, Fitzroy, this day, Tuesday, at twelve o'clock, The whole of the material so comprised in Nos. 07, 99, and 104 Brunswick- street, and No. 1 James-street, and consisting of Bricks, bluestone, shingles Flooring, ceilings, fences, Iron supports window-frames, Bhuttors. plate-glass Doors, mantelpieces, cupboardS Staircase, 4. The whole without reserve. Terms-cash. To be removed from the ground within four days. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1889? At Twelve O'Clock. Unreserved Sale of Surplus Hotel Furniture and Effects, Royal Standard Hotel, William-street. HOWORTH has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, Royal Standard Hotel, William-street, on Wednesday, November 8, at twelve o'clock, The whole of the surplus hotel furniture, consisting of loo and other tables, cane and other chairs, couches, drawers, toilet glasses, double and (single washstands and ware, double and single bedsteads and bedding, clocks, musical box, fenders and irons, and all the usual kitchen utensils. No reserve. Terms-cash. Goods to be cleared before five o'clock on day of sale. Bales of Noonan. THIS DAY. ORDER of SALES THIS DAY by the undersigned : % , At Eleven O'clock, on the Australian Wharf, 40 tons of Warrnambool potatoes. At Half-past Eleven O'clock, at the Rooms, , Silk-dressed Adelaide flour Oats Damaged portion of American flour ex Victoria % Dundee cornsacks *- Sperm candles Southern twist tobacco Liverpool Bait Prowler's hams Oilmen's stores Mauritius sugar ' - i : 'j, Raisins, &c.; ' l GREIG and MURRAY. THIS DAY. - " 50 Half-barrels Whlte Herrings. 10 Cases 245. Findon Haddock. To Provision Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, CO half-barrels white herrings Also, 10 cases 245. Findon haddocks. Now landed in fine order and condition. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Eleven O'clock. On the Australian Wharf. For Unreserved Sale. 40 Tons Warrnambool Potatoes. To Produce Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, 7th November, at eleven o'clock, 40 tons Warrnambool potatoes. Without reserve. Note. At Eleven O'clock sharp, on Tuesday, 7th November, on the Australian Wharf. THIS DAY. Ex Victoria. 52 barrels American Flour. More or Less Damaged by Sea Water, And Sold for Account of Whom it May Concern. To Millers, Bakers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, Ex Victoria. For account of whom it may concern, 62 barrels American flour. All more or less damaged by sea-water. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. CO Tons Silk-dressed Flour. More or Less Damaged. To Millers, Bakers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. /""1BEIG and MURRAY have received Instructions VJT from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, November 7, at half-past eleven o'clock, 60 tons SILK-DRESSED FLOUR. More or less damaged. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 25 Bales Dundee Cornsacks. To Sack Merchants, Corn and Flour Merchants. Storekeepers and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, 25 bales DUNDEE CORNSACKS. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 30 Barrels Patras Currants. To Grocers, Fruiterers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, November 7, at half-past eleven o'clock, 30 barrels Patras currants. 2 Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 300 Bags Danish Oats. To Corn Merchants, Storekeepers, Grocers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are Instructed by the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock 300 bags Danish oats. A prime lot of fine feed oats. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 20 Cases Follak's Saloon Matches. To Tobacconists, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, 20 cases Pollak's saloon matches. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 100 Boxes Eleme Raisins. To Grocers, Fruiterers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, 100 boxes Eleme raisins. May be had in bond, or duty paid, at buyer's option. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 25 Cases Peacock and Johnson's Tasmanian Jams. To Grocers, Confectioners, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, 25 cases Peacock and Johnson's Tasmanian jams. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. 14 half-tierces Lion Southern Twist Tobacco. To Tobacconists, Shippers. Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, 14 HeR tierces LION SOUTHERN TWIST TOBACCO, A guaranteed parcel. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 300 Boxes Nova Stearine Candles, lib. Packets. 600 do. Belmont do., Gib. do. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, 800 boxes, each 26 lb. packets, Nova Stearine candles COO do lb. do., Belmont sperm do. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 50 Tons Liverpool Salt. To Drysaltors, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, 60 tons LIVERPOOL SALT. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 11 Cases I.N.E. Matches. To Tobacconists, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, 11 cases I.N.E. matches. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 15 CASES PRENTER'S HAMS. Now Landing, ex Morning Light To Provision Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, , Ex Morning Glory, 16 cases Prcnter's hams. Now landing. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Half-past Eleven O'clock. G Packages, each 4 Boxes, Muscatel Raisins. To Grocers, Fruiterers, Storekeepers, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, November 7, at halfpast eleven o'clock, 0 packages, each 4 boxes, muscatel raisins. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. At Half-past Eleven O'clock. 100 Barrels Fine Now Muscatel Pudding Raisins, To Grocers, Fruiterers, Storekeepers, Shippers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, November 7, at half-past eleven o'clock, 100 barrels MUSCATEL PUDDING RAISINS. A splendid sample of fine now fruit, and now landed In fine order, and can be obtained in bond, if required. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. At Half-past Eleven O'clock. 300 Boxes Hole's Condies, each 25 Packets, To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Hob day, Tuesday, 7th November, at half-past crew on o'clock, 300 boxes Halo's sperm candles, each 25 packets. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Half-past Eleven o'clock. 60 Tons Liverpool Coarse Salt To Drysalters, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, November 7, at half-past eleven o'clock, CO tons LIVERPOOL COARSE SALT. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Half-past Eleven O'clock. A Small Invoice of Colonial Hams and Bacon. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. 61 BRIG and MURRAY have received Instructions r to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, November?, at half- past eleven o clock, A small invoice of colonial hams and biege. Terms Cash. 