ARRIVAL OF THE CONFEDERATE WAR STEAMER SHENANDOAH AT MELBOURNE. No little excitement has been caused at Melbourne by the arrival in Hobson's Bay of the Confederate cruiser the Shenandoah on Wednesday last, 25th instant. She put in for coals and repairs. She is commanded by Captain Waddell, who holds the naval rank of lieutenant, and the following is a list of the officers- James J. Waddell, lieutenant com- manding; Wm. C. Whittle, first lieutenant; John Grimball, first lieutenant; S. Smith Lee; first lieutenant; F. T. Chew, first lieutenant; D. M. Scale, second lieutenant; J. S. Bul- lock, acting master; Mat. O'Brien, acting chief engineer; C. E. Lining, passed assistant surgeon; W. Bindlove Smith, acting assistant paymaster; O. A. Browne, passed midship- man; J. T. Mason, passed midshipman; F. J. M'Nulty, acting assistant surgeon ; W. H. Codd, first assistant engineer; John Hut- chison, second assistant engineer; Ernest Muggaffenay, third assistant engineer; C. E. Hunt, acting master's mate; J. T. Milner, acting master's mate; Lodge Calton, acting master's mate ; George Harwood, acting boatswain; John O'Shea, acting carpenter; John L. Guy, acting gunner; Henry Alcott, sailmaker; John Lynch, second carpenter. The Shenandoanh has been at sea since the 15th of October last, and during that time she reports having captured and burnt no less than 11 Federal merehalmnn n. 'Tho cr-w of the Shenanlonh has been partly mladoe p from the meoo on board the various prizes. ~ The mern are a fine and determied looking t sot of follows. The uniform worn is a sort of a yellowish grey, with a shoulder strap of blueoo silk bearing a single star, surrounded by a c thin gold cording. The cap is also grey, with oa broad gold band. The Shenandoah had 'I been ofi the Australian coast for ten days, cn and on her arrival off the Otway she failed to a run up any colors, as the captain did not wish ' to be reported by the veosels going out.. ti As soon as the Shenandoah had cast anchor, shortly before eight o'clock in the evening, a boat was sent on shbro conveying the First Lieutenant, the bearer of a message t, his Excellency the Governor, asking per- S mission to take in coal, and have some re. .h pairs done to the screw and other portions of I the machinery. Lieutenant Grimball imme r diately on landing proceeded to the Vicetregal c residence at Toorak. Sir Charles Darling, on receiving the t formal request forwarded by Captain Waddfell, immediately upon his arrival summoned a n meeting of the exeeutive for eleven o'clock on ' Thursday morning. There was a fall attend. F ance of the Cabinet; and so anxious were s the Government to preserve the neutrality of the port that, though the instructions re. d ceived from England are explicit and full, I more than two hours were spent in delihera. t tion before a decision was arrived at. Cap tain Waddell applied for leave to coal, to pro- . vision, and to effect repairs to his machinery, which he, alleged was seriously out of order. The regulations name forty-eight hours as the limit of a vessol's stay, but this term can be r extended to allow her to repair bona ide damages. The Ministers, therefore, felt at li. t berty to accede to the request; butthey required Capt. Waddell to report the repairs his ship needed, that their own officers might judge o the time that ought to be allowed him. Capt. b Waddell was notified, also, that he could not p be permitted to leave port within twenty-four I hours of the departure of any American yes sol. A further request made, for permission to land prisioners, was not acceded to, but ' feller information was asked for. \VWe under stand, however, that this point has been satis. factorily and expeditiously solved by the "cap. a tives" quietly landing on our shores. The Shenandoah had with her as prisoners eight I men. besides Captain Nielholls, master of the Delphine, hire. Nicholls, and the stewardess. The men went ashore, but tite ladies were taken to the Jeannie Payne, an American ship lying in the bay, and it is said that their fervently expressed wishes were not for the welfare of their captors. .The Argue of Friday says: The Confederate sloop.of.war Shenandosh re mains quietly anchored in Hobson's Bay. Our warlike visitor has obtanled a recognition from the authorities, and will now stay hele a few days, to coal and to effect repairs, before eroceediug to sea in search of fresh prey and new itdveretures. 'The commander of' the ressel, Captain WVad.ell, courteously allows the pablia to visit her, and our citizens have already manifested much eagerness to inspectn one those noted crnisers,which are destroying ant enemy's commerce, and have lairly revolutionised nay ti warfare. The Shenandoah is a handsome smtrt leooking fall-rigged steam sloop, of 1260 tons register, fitted with a lilting screw and engines of 240-horse power. The guns which now peep from tier sides tell unmistakably of her changed character; and the gay flog at thie gaff-a cross of stlars in a red square on a white ground-leaves no doubt as to her nationality. A wooden ship with Iron frame, and iron Imase and yards, silo was no doubt built for the work in which she is now egsaged, and for whiLh shte is ndmlir bly adapted. Seen from the pier, the Shenandoah presents only the ep. pearauce ofa smart, trimly set boat-evideatly a I swilt sailer; ibut there is nothing rakish slabout the craft, nor anything that would rouse suspicion as to the pacific nalure of her intentions were sithe to unheralded among the shipping ofany port. The disguise couhi hardly have been more complete or effectlul. As the vessel consumes herownsmoke, it is not discoverable at a distance that she has steam power; and site might easily be taken for a merchantimtn, as indeed she has been by many a captured Federal ship. Tit only point likely to attract atlerttlio is her length--320 feet, her breadth heinlg only 32 feet; for the Irun rigging would prohatly not be noticed at any distance. The crew iumbers 75, all hands told, rattier a small complement for so large a vessel, especially wlhen the adventuraous work she has undertaken Is considered. 'Her armament Is alSo small, bat is capable ouf feingR increteed at any time, should circumstances dlemand It.. The steamer iarries right large gdus, four rifled Whit wortlh, carrying 40 In. solid shiot and 2 lb. shell ; and lour guns, carrying 63 lb solid shot slid 56 lb. shell. Tl'lce gons, all new, are magni ficently mounted, and are also In excellent order. Thie Whitwortlhs are calculated to hit at a disn. lance of three miles, and are capablu of being elevated eleven degrees. The vessel, however, is confessedly equipped for capturing merchant men, and not for contending with Federal men of-war. The ofllicers have commodious quarters in the old "saloon," tile captain has possession of the two roomy stern cabiar, and the prises have sup. piled more than a imannof-war's allowance of fur nihre. Tile 'tweend. cks are unusually lofty eight, feet it helt.ht-and as there are no guns below, the crew lhae a great lofty space reserved for their usne. Cushioned seats, it work tattle, and other like spoils of the enemy, flaure Itelow as well as ahuve. 'Thevessel wellt to sea with barely' a suftficient crew to work her, and though site has picked up many men loi, hlier prizes, yet she Is still short-haoidetl, her total muster being only seventy-five men. Captain 'Waddell is the very representative of tihe frank selman asso elated whit all our ideas of unalical matters, anti he Is surprisiunly young looking cnsiderltig that he is at,n fleer of twenty-three years' standing in thle Unlied Slares Navy. IlHe held a comlmission whetn the srcessionl took place, but at once resigned and leftll, to fiht the battles of his native North Carolina. I1er oilicers also make a favorable inmpliression on all who meet them. T'hey are mostly young lmen, though saome of lthem hIave seenl service lu the AlatItIntia. tIr. J. 8. Bullock, tlu measter, was master; Mr. O'Brlien, the engineer, waIs ssslvtntt ellllieer and 1Mr. . V3. Smith, paytnister, was captuain's clerk, on hoard that tar ftited cruiser, and are in ther that fatal Sunday when Captalli Semess shoeil his "piark " and lost his ship. As to the crew, wn ihey a.,certainly not the men one would expect oI to reser on hnlrd--not nlen whom the "vile a bi!ots nod hbuffets of the world" have led ti set 'T their lives on any chance; oni tile contrary, most i of them ire I':Iglishnmen of- recent appearance, at ihrile theonrc.nlte soeae smart Americans, and hr ito or three ileekllooking ne'roes. The men of are fed well and paid waell; and they one'an I al t say tiet they like the service and believe in their fi commander. " The uniform worn is a dull grey, S the dress of the officers not being at all unlike cc the one worn a few years hank by the Victorian iI Volunteer force. As regards the ship,sheis de. on clared to be remarkably sitt, both under steam to and canvae--"a good thirteen knot boat." ii There is no doubt that abs is iden- ci tical with the Clyde built Chinese steam li clipper Sea. King, known to be one of the S fastest Vessels of her class afloat. The Sea King recently cleared out.of the East Indin Dooks, I London, for Bombay,'and was reported by our 2! last English advices to have shipped Captain Semmes at Funchal Bay, and subsequently to F have run on a rock and become a total wreck is S''The particulars which we subjoin show that these reports, though very inaccurate in detail, agree I witlh' the f?ort thait the lniastio Sea King is the cruiser now represonting the Confederated States in these Southiern seas. Besides this 1 the letters "ING" are plainly'toba seen on I her ,head-bosrds, and her figoreohead isacrowned t monarch of the main. The Sea King, we may f remark, is no stranger on the coast. She was em ployed last year hy the British Government, to r convey troops to New Ze~nand, and made one of I she shortest runs out to A:ckland on record. A short history of the doings of the vessol- I doings which read like the old deeds of Draks and I Raleigh, on the Spanish toaln - will be acceptable to our readers. On the 8th of October last, the I fast new steamer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good romplement of cabin passengers on board, I " likerl*looking young men," .as the pilot pro- 1 nouneEd them. Friday, the 14th of October found ihe Laurel safely moored in Funchal flay, t I Madeira. People there said she was a blockade I 5 runner. So she was, but she inad other work s r to perform in this instance. People wondered, I too, that the passengers did not go on I shore; bat ther were satisfied with an explanation 1 that they were " Polsh immigrants,' without I money; some Poles, on their way to Richmond, I having stopped there a few weeks previously, and i having left with irofessions of total innmlity to I pay the debts they incurred. On Monday, the i S17tth of October, a ship-rigged vessel came into the harbor and steamed out again. This I naturally excited. suspicion. Next morning the i vessel name in sight again. Captain Waddell, it I is facetiously saidI, had an idea that she might be for sale, and therefore ihe steamed out after her with tile Laurel. Both vessels anchored in smooth water, on tile east side of the island, e both under the English fl?g. Here the strange t ship was purchased-£45,0O0 is tile price named S-and here the LIirurel transhipped her cargo into her. 'Th'le ship then stood out to sea, and when far beyond the neutral marine league Captain '0 Waddell summoned the crew aft, and read his P commissiorn as commander of the Confederate ir sioop-.f war Shenandoah, ordered to cruise and re destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve tile neutral regulations, not one of the packages received from the Laurel was broken. Captain Waddell hlad only. Jr twenty - three men, all told with him-a number which, after deducting officers, firemen, &c.;, left him only fivemen in each watch; to whil the ship was inarmed, and the packages having heing hurrledly put on board everything was in thegreatest confusion. There was only ntr e way to mansag.". Irurnning under topsails, ao the foresdl, and the jibs by days-alil tile canvas the crew could work--and steaising by night, the Shenandohlo was taken as quickly as possible to one of the cocalm spots' which exist in mid-ocean in the traides. Iere it was felt that the ship was d secure, as no vessel but a steamer could come to a the place, and it was not likely that cruisers would Ire looked for in latitudes so unprorlutive of prey. i Tie offhcers took off their j tskets, and all hands 'd setting to with a will, the ship was speedily cot o in trim.' and commenced her operations. Th'bo Scruaising-ground selected was it the track of vea t sels bound for the South Amlerican ports. d On ihef20th of October work was really com. m meaced. In the morning, royals and stusanils . were seact, in chase of a bark. At one o'clook the a chase was two miles distant. English colours were Is shown, and the bark replied with the Yankee is flag.. Confederate colors were then hoisted, and in ihe bark was haoveto, and examined. She was re the Alins, Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound rr from Akyab to Hoenos Ayres, with a cargo of e, railway Iron. After removing the crew and stores, as scuttled her. The crew numbered ten'men, eight a of wonm Joined the Shenatndiohr. The cargo was a valued at 38.000 dollars; the bark, which was or only six yoers old, at 60,000 dollars. On the 5th to November soeam was got iup in chase of a large io schooner. At half.past seven a m. fired a gun at at her, when she hove-to. She showed the istars and stripes.-. Proved to be the a Charlra Oak, Gillman, master, I:onud re from Boston to San Francisco, with ao assorted is cargo Supplied the ship with stores from her, at including 20001b. weight of preserved tomatoes. to The master's' wife'wes on hoard, and also her I. sister, the widow of a Northern corporal killed at b. lIarper's Ferry. Trto captain gave a stern cabin at up to tire Inladies. Private property was respeateld, i. but 900 dollars'found on the master were con 'r. fiseated. CaptainA Waddell gave the money, in s. the'name orf the Confederacy, to the master's wife, ig on her promising that she would not restore it to r, her hosband. The woman promised eagerly. t- Burnt the vessel, whlch was a new ontt. On the *. 7111 of November, chased aid captured tho hark D. Godfrey, from Boston to' Valparaiso, with a co miscellaneons cargo, includling 400 barrels of beef to and pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of the p. crew entered for service with the Shenandonh. r- Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound \- for Rio. 'IThe brig took tiff two mastlers, four ts mates, and two men, int consideration of receiving :d a chronntieter, a barrel of beef,' an.d a barrel of 1d pork-all prize articles. At daylight on Nov. 10 as aighted tile clipper brig Susan, bound to the River ly Plate, with a cargo of coals. Teir Susan was as scuttled at hall-past 10 a.nt, and sank, bows first, Is so perpendicularly thall:lt the mainl-truck was under ly the water while the stern was above the serftco. oe On tho eveling of the Ilth a ship was sighted o" from the masthead, on the port beiam. lier bear al ings were taken, and a enourse sthaped to cut her ig off. Proved to be tile Amiericon ship Kaoe Prince, e0 bound to Itahia, with 1,700 tons of coal. Cargo ls was sworn to be neutrnl; Captain Wadldell therse :e, fore determined to b.rld the vessel. T're eaptain e Ihaving signed the bends, tile vessel was released; so and tire prisoners no board the Shenandoah, et thirteenl in nutn cr, were transfeirred to her. On nu the 1911th f November tire schooner Iizzie it Ir. Stacey w.i rittred :rai burnted. One of he, L. crew woas a orgro, wilr Isuer alotleer cnaptured ad negro slr iardl, a mtn hu e had parted with alomW k, Iweeks rbak at a bioarilirne housae in New York. or 'ttlir supnrise s?n coriCala. Noveuten r 241 ed Signalled a bark with her masthead gonue, but she would not answer. The Shenandoah was then makin, e'even knots, under reefed topsailg a last which proves her great speed. The next day or so bore down, under il canvas and a full head of steam, after a singolarly rigzed vessel, which proved to he toan Englis man-of.war She took no notice of the chase. Is belleved to be the corvbtte Brisk, now at Adelaide. Without ei;tering further into deutll, it may be stated that 'the Shenandoah when shelr r ts in chase displays any colors, English'or Frcunu,'aid that her men some. times don blue shirts, that their grey attire may not arouse suspicion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship during the day. tine, and at night' they are locked in the fore castle and handcuffed. The following is a correct list of the vessels captured and destroyed by the Shenandoah: Aline, bark, - Staples, master, from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, cargo of railway iron. Scuttled 29th October, lat. 16° 47' N, oon. 26° 43',W. Charter Oak, schooner, from Boston for San a Francisco, assorted cargo Burnt 5th November, lat. 7 O 38' N, long. 27 o 49' W. e D. Godfrey, bark, - IIallet, master, ffom a Boston to.Valparaiso, assorted cargo. Burnt 7th a -November, ltat. o -28' N, on. 27.0 6' W. S Basn, brig;'.'- Hansen, master, from New s York to River Plate.'a Scottled'10th November, t lat. 4 0 20' N, lon. 26 °_ 39' W. i Kate Prince, for Bahia, neutral cargo (coals). y Ship bonded 12th November. Adelaide, bark, ot Baltimore, -:to River Plate, a neutral cargo. Ship bonded for 23,000 dol of ines. Lizzie M. Stacey, schooner, New York to Sandwich Islasds, assorted cargo. :Burnt 13th d November, lat. 1 0 40' N, loa.28 o 24'V.: , e Edward, whaling vessel. Burnt 4th December, e lat. 970 47' S, Ion. 12 0 30' V. a Delphloe, bark, from London for Akyab. I, Burnt 29th December, lat.29o 10' S, ton. 69 All the American ships in the bay have taken r, the alarm. Usually profuse in their display of busning, they did not yesterday allow the stars and k stripes to flutter In the breeze at all, and one of i, their number hoisted a curious banner, said to be a the Ionian flag. Though Captaina Waddell was n not apprised of the determination of the aiothor. It ties until late In the afternoon, and was averse to 1, throsing his vessel open before, the applications d were so numerous that hoe gave way, and from o one o'clock the ship was thronged. All the boats le in the bay were out, and two steamers were also o rngagte conveying passengers. The wind was is high, and one sailing-boat in rounding.to cap e sized, but fortonately assistance was at hand, and it her four passengers were picked up. The visitors se showed their Southern sympathies by cheering r the vessel heartily as they took their departure an from her. 1, From Saturday's papers we gather the follow lug:- . to The Shenandoah was thronged with .visitors *n yesterday. Steamers were constantly plying in from the Sondridge L'ier, and the' railway com is pany conveyed between three and fotr thonsand to passengers. 'Throughout the day the crolier was ad completely taken possession of, but though' the nd visitors muns: have been sadly in the way, they itt were courteously received, and were afforded roel very faility for inspecting the steamer. tly No time has yet been named for ith the departuro of the Shenandoah, nor has the Government received,. a Ir statement Irom Captain Waddell of the repairs es lie sequires effected. The caulkers, however, are ing busily at work on the upper deck, and an inspen tly ion of the machinery has been made by one of its, oar engineering firms., Captain Waddell waited rah at Hlis Excellonoy's offices during the mroning, he but Sir Charles Darling had n.t arrived in toikn. to 'The American vessels in the. bay made a bolder an display yesterday than they did the previous day, asl sud one of them was flying the stars and stripes to within a hundred yards of the hostile cruiser. Id The Melbourne Club contemplate inviting the ifficers to a publio dinner in the course of a few l days. Several persous have expressed a desire to ao join the vessel, and but that such a course Isain be direct contravention ut the Foreign Enlistment . Act, Captain Waddoll would have no difficulty in filling up his crew, Of course, the. Government will take every precaution that no violation of our neutrality takes place.? 