THE CONFEDERATE STEAMER SHENANDOAH. The Confederate sloop-of-war Shenandoah remains quietly anchored in Hobson's Bay. Our warlike visitor has obtained a recognition from the authorities, and will now stay here a few days, to coal and to effect repairs, before proceeding to sea in search of fresh prey and new adventures. The commander of the vessel, Captain Waddell, courteously allows the public to visit her, and our citizens have already manifested much eagerness to inspect one of those noted cruisers which are destroying an enemy's commerce, and have fairly revolutionised naval warfare. The Shenandoah is a handsome smart looking full-rigged steam sloop, of 1,260 tons register, fitted with a lifting screw and en- gines of 240- horse power. Built for the mer- cantile service, she looks a merchantman, though the guns which now peep from her sides tell unmistakably of her changed cha- racter and the gay flag at the gaff-a cross of stars in a red square on a white ground—leaves no doubt as to her nationality. She has a fire sweep of upper deck, on which she carries her armament This consists of four smooth bore sixty-eight-pounders and two thirty- two-pounder rifled Whitworths, together with two smooth bore eighteen-pounders, need principally as signal-guns. Her battery, it will he seen, is not a large one, though the guns which she has are of the first class— for sixty-eight pounders are accounted the best of smooth-bores, and the rifled Whit- worths possess a range of above three miles. The officers have commodions quarters in the old "saloon" the captain has posses- sion of the two rcomy stern cabins, and the prizes have supplied more than a man-of war's allowance of furniture. The 'tween decks are unusually lofty —eight feet In height—and as there are no guns below, the crew have a great lofty space reserved for their use. Cushioned seats, a work- table, and other like spoils of the enemy, figure below as well as above. The vessel went to sea with barely a sufficient crew to work her, and though she has picked up many men from her prizes, yet she is still short-handed, her total muster being only seventy-five men. Captain Waddell is the very representative of the frank seaman associated with all our ideas of nautical matters, and he is surprisingly young-looking considering that be is an officer of twenty three years' standing in the United States navy. He held a commission when the seces- sion took place, but at once resigned and left, to fight the battles of his native North Caro- lina. Her officers also make a favourable im- pression on all who meet them. They are mostly young men, though some of them have seen service in the Alabama. Mr. J. S. Bullock, the master, was master; Mr. O'Brien, the engineer, was assistant engi- neer; and Mr. W. B. Smith, paymaster, was cap- tain's clerk, on board that far-famed cruiser, and were in her that fatal Sunday when Captain Semmee showed his " pluck" and lost his ship. As to the crew, they are cer- tainly not the men one would expect to meet on board—not men whom the "vile blows and buffets of the world " have led to set their lives on any chance; on the contrary most of them are Englishmen of decent appearanoe, while there are also some smart Americans, and two or three sleek-looking negroes. - The men are fed well and paid well; and they one and all say that they like the service and believe in their commander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, the dress of the officers not being at all unlike the one worn a few years flack by the Victorian Volunteer force. As regards the ship, she is declared to be remarkably fast, both under steam and canvas—"a good thirteen knot boat." There Is no doubt that she Is Identi- cal with the Clyde-built Chinese steam clipper S:a King, known to be one of the fastest vessels of her class afloat The Sea King recently cleared out of the East India Docks, London, for Bombay, and was re- ported by our last English advices to have : shipped Captain Semmes at Fanchal Bay and subsequently to have run on a rock become a total wreck. The particulars which we subjoin show that those reports, though very inaccurate in detail, agree with the fact that the missing Sea King is the cruiser now representing the Confederated States in these Southern seas. Besides this, as we have said, the letters " ing" are plainly to be seen on her head-boards, and her figure- head is a crowned monarch of the main The Sea King, we may remark, Is no stranger on the coast. She was employed last year by the British Government to convey troops to New Zealand, and made one of the shortest runs out of Auckland on record A short history of the doings of the vessel doings which read the old deeds of Drake and Raleigh, on the Spanish Main—will be acceptable to our readers. On the 8th Oc- tober last, the fast new steamer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good complement of cabin passenger on board, "likely-look- ing young men," as the Pilot pronounced them.' Friday, the 14th of October, found the^ Laurel safely moored in Funchal Bay, Ma- deira. People there said she was a blockade runner. So she was, but she had other work to perform in this instance. People won- dered, too, that the passengers did not go on shore; but they were satisfied with an ex- planation that they were ''Polish immigrants" without money; some Poles, on their way to Richmond , having stopped there a few weeks previously, and having left with pro- fession of total inability to pay the debts they incurred. On Monday, the 17th of October; a ship rigged vessel came Into the harbour and steamed out again. This naturally excited suspicion Next morning the vessel came in sight again. Captain Waddell, it is facetiously said, had an idea that she might be for sale, and there- fore he steamed after her with the Laurel. Both vessels anchored in smooth water, on the east side of the Island, both under the English flag. Here the strange ship was purchased— £45,000 it the price named—and here the Laurel transshipped her cargo into her ship then stood out to sea, and when far beyond the neutral marine league Captain Waddell summoned the crew aft, and read his commission as commander of the Confederate sloop- of-war Shenandoah, ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve, the neutral regulations, not one of the packages received from the Laurel was broken. Captain Wat- dell had only twenty-three men, all told, with him—a number which, after deducting officers, firemen, &c;, left him only five men In each watch; while the ship was unarmed, and the packages having been hurriedly put on board everything was in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Banning under (topsails, the foresail, and the Jibs by day—all the canvas the crew could work— and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken as quickly as possible to one of the "calm spots" which exist in mid-ocean in the trades. Here it was felt that the ship was secure, as no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, and It was not likely that cruizers would be looked for in latitudes so unproductive of prey. The officers took off their jackets, and all hands setting to with a will, the ship was speedily got In trim, and commenced her operations. The cruizing ground selected was in the track of vessels bound for the South American ports. On the 29th of October work was really commenced. In the morning, royals and stunsails were set, in chase of a barque. At one o'clock the chase was two miles distant, English colours were shown, and the barqoe replied with the Yankee flag. Confederate colours were then hoisted, and the barque was hove- to, and examined. She was the Alina, Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of railway iron. After removing the crew and stores, scuttled her. The crew numbered ten men, eight of whom joined the Shenandoah. The cargo was valued at 38,000 dollars; the barque, which was only six months old, at 50,000 dollars. On the 5th November steam was got up in chase of a large schooner. At half-past seven a.m. fired a gun at her, when she hove-to. She showed the stars aud stripes. Proved to be the Charter Oak, Gillman, master, bound from Bostom to San Francisco, with an as- sorted cargo. Supplied the ship with stores from her, Including 2,000lb. weight of re- served tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, and also her sister, the widow of a Northern corporal, killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladles. Private property was respected, but 200 dollars found on the master were con fiscated. Captain Waddell gave the money, in the name of the Confederacy, to the master's wife, on her promising that she would not restore it to her husband. The woman pro- mised eagerly. Burnt the vessel, which was a new one. On the 7th of November, chased and captured the barque D. Godfrey, from Boston to Valparaiso, with a miscellaneous cargo, including 400 barrels of beef and pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of the crew en tered for service with the Shenandoah. Two ' days afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound for Bio. The brig took off two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of receiving a chronometer, a barrel of beef, and a barrel of pork—all prize articles. At daylight on November 10 sighted the clipper brig Susan, bound to the River Plate; with a cargo of coals. The Susan was scuttled at half-past ten am., and sank, bows first,so perpendicularly that the main- truck was under the water while the stem was above the surface. On the evening of the 11th a ship was sighted from the masthead, on the port beam. Her bearings were taken, and a course shaped to cut her off. Proved to be the American ship Kate Prince, bound to Bahia, with 1,700 tons of coal. Cargo was sworn to be neutral; Captain Waddell therefore deter- mined to bond the vessel. The captain having signed the bonds, the vessel was released; and the prisoners on board the Shenandoah, thirteen in number, were transferred to her. On the 13th of November the schooner Lizzie M. Stacey was captured and burned. One of her crew was a negro, who met another captured negro on board, a man he had parted with a few weeks back at a boardinghouse in New York. Their surprise was comical. November 24 sig- nalled a barque with her masthead gone; but she would not answer. The Shenandoah was then making eleven knots, under reefed top- sails —a fact which proves her great speed. The next day or so bore down, under all canvas and a full head of steam, after a singularly rigged vessel, which proved to be an English man of-war. She took no notice of the chase. Is believed to he the corvette Brisk, now at Adelaide. Without entering further into detail, it may be stated that the Shenandoah when she rans in chase displays any colours, English or French, and that her men sometimes don blue shirts, that their grey attire may not arouse suspicion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship during the day time, and at nlgbt they are locked in the forecastle and handcuffed. The following is a collect list of the vessels captured and de- stroyed by the Shenandoah:— Aline, barque, — Staples, master, from Akyab to Buenos Ay res, cargo of railway irou. Scuttled 29th October lat. 16° 47' N„ Ion. 26 43' W. Charter Oak, schooner, from Boston for San Francisco, assorted cargo. Burnt 5th November, lat. 7° 38' N, Ion. 27° 49' W. D. Godfrey, barque, — Hallet, master, from Boston to Valparaiso, assorted cargo. Burnt 7th November, lat. 6° 28' N., Ion. 27° 6' W, Susan, brig, — master, from New York to River Plate. Scuttled 10th Novem- ber. lat. 4° 20 N., Ion. 26° 89' W. Kate Prince, ' for Bahia. neutral cargo (coals). Ship bonded 12th November. Adelaide, barque, of Baltimore, to River Plate neutral cargo Ship bonded for 23,000 dollars. . __ Lizzie M. Stacey, schooner, New York to Sandwich Islands, assorted cargo. Burnt 13th November, lat. 1° 40' N„ lon. 28 21' W. Edward; whaling vessel. Burnt 4th De- cember. lat,37 47' S., lon. 12°30' W. Delphine, barque, from London for Akyab. Burnt 29th December, lat. 20° 10' lon. 69° E. . All the American ships in the bay have taken the alarm. Usually profuse in their display of bunting, they did not on Thursday allow the stars and stripes to flutter in the breeze at all, and one of their number hoisted a curious banner, said to be the Trains flag. Though Captain Waddell was not apprised of the determination of the authorities until late in the afternoon, and was averse to throwing his vessel open before, the applications were so numerous that he gave way, and from one o'clock the ship was thronged. All the boats In the bay were out, and two steamers were also engaged conveying passengers. The wind was high, and one sailing-boat rounding to capsized, but fortunately their Southern sympathies by cheering the vessel heartily as they took their departure from her. 