THE CONFEDERATE WAK STEAMER SHENANDO*H. - I I (Fromtht Melbourne Argus, January 27 .) The Confederate sloop-of-war Slienandoah, whioh so unexpectedly made her appearance in oar water? on Wednesday, has obtained permission- from tbe Government to coal, provision, and effect the necessary repairs to her machinery. ? -? Sir'' Charles Darling, on receiving the formal request forwarded by Captain Wad dell immediately- upon hie arrival, sum . . moned a meeting of the Executive for eleven o'clock on Thursday noniroing. There was a full attendance of the Cabinet; and so anxious were the Government to pre servs the neutrality of the port, that, though the n instructions received from England directly after the Alabama episode at the Cape are explicit and full, tnore than two hours were .spent in deliberation before' a decision was arrived at. Captain Waddell applied for leave to coal, to provision, and to effect repairs to his machinery, which, he alleged, was seriously out of order. The ' regulations named forty-eight hours as the limit of a vessel's stay, but this term can be extended to allow her to repair bona fide damages. The Ministers, therefore, felt at liberty to accods to the request ; but they ^required Captain Waddell to report the repairs his ship needed, that their own ? oncers might judge the time that ought to be '.allowed him. Captain Waddell was notified, also, that he could uot be permitted to leave jthe port within twenty-four hours of the departure of any American vessel. A farther-request made, for permission to land prisoners, was' not acceded to, but fuller information was asked for. We understand, however, that this point has been satisfac torily -and expeditiously solved by the 'captives'' quietly landing on pur shores. Tbe Shenandoah bad with her as prisoners eight men, besides Captain Nicholls, master of the Delpbine, Mrs, Nicbolla, and the stewardess. The men went ashore, but the .ladies were taken to the Jennnie Payne, an American ship lying in the bay, and it is said that their fervently expressed wishes were nut for the welfare' of their captors. The Shenandoah is a handsome smart looking full rigged steam sloop, of 1260 tons* register, fitted with a lifting screw and engines of 240 horse-power. Built for the mercantile service, she looks a merchant man, though the guns which now peep from her sides tell unmistakably of her changed character; and the gay flag at the gaff — a cross of stars in a red square on a white grohnd'J— leaves no doubt as to her nation ality. She has a fine sweep of upper deoK, on which she. carries her arroameqU This \- consists of four smooth-bore sixty-eight pounders, and two thirty - two -pounder rifled Whitworth's, together with two smooth-bore- eighteen-poundera, used prin cipally as signal guns. Her battery, it will be' seen, is not a Targe one, though the guns which she has are of the first-class — for * Bjxty-eight-pounders are accounted the best of smooth-bores, and the rifled Whitworths possess a range of above three miles. The officers have commodious quarters in tbe old ' saloon,' the captain has possession of the'two roomy stern cabins, and the'prixes have 'supplied more than a man-of- war's allowance of furniture. The 'tween 'decks /^..are- unusually lofty— eight feet in height — ^r' and as there are no guns below, the crew have a great lofty space reserved for their use. .. Cushioned seats, a work-table, and other like spoils of the enemy, figure below as well as above. The vessel went to soa with barely a sufficient crew to work her; and though she has picked up many men from her prizes, yet she is still short-handed, her total muster being only seventy-five men. Captain Waddell is the very repre sentative of the frauk seaman absociated with all our ideas of nautical matters, and he is surprisingly young-looking, consider ing that be is an officer of twenty-three years' standing in the United States navy. He held a commission when the secession ' took place, but at once resigned and left, to fight the battles of his native North Caro lina. Her officers also make a favourable impression on all who meet them. fcThey are mostly young men, though some of them have seen service in the Alabama. Mr. J. S - Bullook, the roaster, was master ; Mr. O'Brien, the engineer, was assistant engi neer ; and Mr. W. B. Smith, paymaster, was captain's clerk, on board that far famed cruiser, and were in her that fatal Sunday when C«pwuq..Semmes showed bit ' pluck' and lost hi* ship. As to the crew, they are certainly not the men one would expect to meet on .board— not men whom the ' Tile blows and: buffets of the world ' have led to set their lives on any chance ; on the contrary, most of them are English men of decent appearance, while there are also some smart Americans, and two or three eleek-lookiog negroes. The men are fed well and paid wall ; and they one and all say tbat they like the servioe and believe in their commander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, tbe dress of the officers not being at all unlike the one worn a few years baok by the .Victorian Volunteer force. As re gards the ship, she is declared to be remark ably fast, both under steam and canvas — ' a good thirteen knot boat.-' There is no doubt that she is identical with the Clyde built Chinese steam* clipper Sea King, known to be one of tbe fastest vessels of her olass afloat. The Sea King recently cleared out of the East India Docks, Lon don, for Bombay, and was reported by our last English advices to. bave shipped Cap tain Seromes at Funchal Bay, and subse quently to have run on a rock and become a total wreck. Tbe particulars which we subjoin show that these reports, though very inaccurate in detail, agree witb the fact that tbe missing Sea King is the cruiser oow representing the Confederated StateBin these Southern' seas. Besides this, as we have said, the, letters °. ing ' are plainly to be seen on her head-hoards, and her figure head is a crowned monarch cf the main. The Soa King, we may remark, is no stranger on the coast. She was employed last year by the British Government to con vey troops to 'New Zealand, and made otto of the shortest runs out to Auckland on record. A short history of the doings of the vessel;— doings which rend like the old deeds of Drake and Raleigh, on the Spanish Main — will be acceptable to our readers. On the 8th- of October last, the fiast new stea mer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good compliment of cabin passengers on board, ' likely-looking young men,' as the pilot pronounced them. Friday, the 14th of October, found the Laurel safely moored in Funchal Bay, Maderia. People there safB she was a blockade-runner. So she was, but she had other work to perform in this instance. People wondered, too, that tbe passengers did not go on shore ; but they were satisfied with an explanation that they were' Polish immigrants,' without money ; some Poles, on their way to Richmond, having stopped there a few weeks previously, and having left with professions of total in ability to pay the debts they incurred. On Monday, the 17th of October, a ship-rigged vessel came into the -harbour and steamed out again. (This naturally excited suspi cion. Next morning tbe vessel came in sight again. Captain Waddell, it is faceti ously said, had an idea that she might be for sale, and therefore he steamed out after her with the Laurel. Both vessels anchored in smooth water, on the east side of the island, both under the English flag. Here the strange ship was purchased — £45,000 is the price named— and here the Laurel traushipped her cargo into her The ship then stood out to .sea, and when far beyond the neutral marine league Captain Waddell summoned the crew aft, and read his com mission as commander of tbe Confederate sloop- of- war Shenandoah, ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve the neutral regulations, not one of the packages re ceived from the Laurel was broken. Cap taiu Waddell had only twenty-three men, all told, with him ; a number which, after deducting officers, firemen, &c;, left him five men in eash watch ; while the ship was unarmed, and the packages having been hurriedly put on board.everytbing was in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Runniag under topsnils, the foresail, and tbe jibs by day— all the canvas tbe crew could work— and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken as quickly as possible to one of the ' calm spots ' which exist in mid-ocean in the trades. Here it was felt that the ship was secure, as no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, and it was not likely that cruizers would be looked for in latitudes so unpro ductive of piey. The officers took off their jackets, and all hands setting to with a will, the ship was speedily got in trim, and com menced her operations. The cruizing ground selected was in the track of vessels bound for the South Amerioan ports. On the 29th of October, work was really commenced. In the morning, royals and., stunsails were set in chase of a barque. ?'At* one o'clock the chase was two miles distant, English colours were shown, and the barque replied with the Yankee flag. Confederate colours were then hoisted, and the barque was hove- to and examined. She was the Alina, Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of railway iron. After removing i he crew and. stores, scuttled her. The crew numbered ten men, eight of whom joined the Slienaudoah. The cargo was valued at 38,000 dollars ; the barque, which was only six months old, at 50,000 dollars. On the 5th November steam was got up in chase of a large schooner. , At half-past i a.m. fired a gun at her, when she hove-to. She showed the star and stripes. Proved to be the Charles Oak, Gilman, master, bound from Boston to San Francisco, with an assorted cargo. Supplied the ship with stores from her, including 2000 lb. weight of preserved tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, also her sister, the widow of » Northern corporal, killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladies. Private property was res pected, but 200 dollars found on the master were confiscated. Captain Waddell gave the money in tbe name of the Confederacy, .to the muster's wife, on her promising that she would not restore it to her, husband. The woman promised eagerly. Burnt the vessel, which was a new one. On the 7th of November, chased and captured the 'barque D: 'Godfrey, -ftonvBoston ta Valpa raiso, with a miscellaneous cargo, includ 400 barrels of beef and pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of tbe crew entered for service with the Shonandoab. Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound for Rio. The brig took off two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of re ceiving a chronometer, a barrel of beef, and a barrel of pork — all prize articles. At daylight on November 10, sighted the clipper brig Susan, bound* to the River l'late, with a cargo of coals. The Susan was scuttled at half-past 10 a m., and sank, bows first, so perpendicularly that the main truck was under the water while the stern was above the surface. On the evening of the 1 lth a ship was sighted from the mast head, on the port beam.- Her bearings were taken, and a course shaped to cut her off. , .Proved to be the American ship Kate Prince, bound to Bahia, with 1700 tons of coal. Cargo was sworn to be neutral ; Capt. Waddell therefore determined to bond the vessel. The captain having signed the bonds, the vessel was released, and the prisoners on board the Shenandoah, thir teen in number, were transferred to her. On the 13th of November the schooner Lizzie M. Stacey was captured and burned. One of her crew was a negro, who met ano ther captured negro on board, a man he had parted with a few weeks back at a boarding-house in New York. Their sur prise was comical. November 24, signalled a barque with a masthead gone, but she would not answer. The Shenandoah was then making eleven knots' under reefed top sails — a faot which proves her grea; speed. The next day or so, bore down under all canvas and a full head of steam after a singularly- rigged vessel, which proved to be an English man-of- war. She took no notice of the chase. It is believed to be the corvette Brisk, now at Adelaide. With out entering further into detail, it may be stated that the Shenandoah, when she runs in chase, displays, any colours, English or French, and that her men sometimes don blue shirts, that their grey attire may not arouse suspicion. The prisoners are ex pected to assist in working the ship during the daytime, and at night they are locked in the forecastle and handcuffed. The fol lowing is a correct list of the vesssls cap tured and destroyed by the Shenandoah : — Alina, barque, ? Staples, master, from Akyab to Buenol Ayrei, cargo of railway iron. Scuttled 29th October, latitude 16-4? N., longitude, 26.43 W. Charter Oak, schooner, from Boston to San Francisco, snorted cargo. Burnt 5th NoYember, latitude 7.38 N.,' longitude 27 49 W. D. Godfrey, barque, ? Hsllet, master, from Boston 1 1 Valparaiso, assented cargo. Birnt 7tb November, latitude 6.28 N., longitude 27.6 ff. . Susan, brig, ? Hanaen, piaster, (ran New York to River EMte.' Sctutled 10th November, latitude 4.20 N., longitude 2639 W. Kile Prince, for Bahia, ueutraf cargo (coals). Ship bonded 12th November. r Adelaide, barque, of Baltimore, to River Plate, neutral cargo. Ship bonded for 23,000 dollars. Lizzie M. Stacey, schooner, New York to Sand wich Islands, assorted cargo. Burnt 13th Novem ber, latitude 1.40 N-, longitude 28.24 VV. Edward, whaling vessel. Burnt 4th December, latitude 37.47 S., longitude 12.30 W. Delphine, barque, from London for \kyab. Burnt 29th December, latitude 29.10 S., lotgitude 69- E. All tbe American ships in the bay have taken the alarm. Usually profuse in their disilay of bunting, they did not yesterday allow tbe stars and stripes to flutter in the breeze at all. Visitors showed their Southern sympathies by cheering the Shenandoah heartily as they took their departure from her. : '? ' '., ' ? ? ? ' '1 