ANNIVERSARY OF THE BIRTH OF IRE.' " LAND'S TUTELAR SAINT. Os the evening of Friday last, the 17th instant, a meeting of the admirers of tlio character of St.' Patrick wasjield in Messrs. Groom and Littleton's new Auction Start, Ituthveii-strcet, for tbo purpose of celebrating tiro event by a public dinner. From lorty.tivo to titty persons sat down to table. Good temper and general good feeling were the prevail ing characteristics of the meeting. Father I.nrkin was called to the chair, and hav ing asked a blessing on the repast, tlioso assembled proceeded to enjoy the substautiaLsupply of edibles and drinknbles beforo tliem. At the conclusion of the repast, tho Cuaiujiah roso and said : It ia tho duty of every subject at meetings of this kind to pay respoct to our Sove reign in this foreign Innd— he ho English, Irish, or Scotch, and I now call on you to drink the health of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Vic- tbria. ' .. Antheip. — " God Save the Queen." Tho Ciuibsi'ak : Our' nest duty, gentlemen, being assembled here at this festive board, i3 to drink tho health of his Excellency Sir' George Bowon. Governor of tho colony. , ? Song — " For hn'b a jolly good fellow." The citatumax : The next toast I ask you to uriuk is that of St. Patrick, tho toast of the even- ing,' and it is peculiarly tho toast of tho I anr a Faddy myself, and I have great pleasure in proposing tho toast. Wo should have a" love of country wherever wo roam. I now give you hnlnvsxl lirntlirrm «» rIM,« en ' Mill «i«. uiviiiuijr ui ob ruincK. Ihc toaswas drank, with three cheers. Father Hopeiiouiio responded to the toast Ho did nut think it out of place for a Frenchman to do so, for it was not certain from what placo St. Patrick came. Ho catno to -Ireland from across tho seas, so he was not au Irishman. His father was probably of Roinnn, and hia mother of French descent.. Wo— Irish, English, Scotch, and French — havo nil an interest in St. Patrick. I thank you lor drinking the toast in such a hearty manner. Mr. Hamilton : Our friend has told you all about St. Patrick — that is, all he knows about him Now I believe I can tell you all about him on tho quiet. Song — " St. Patrick's Day." The Chairman, in a short and appropriate speech, alluded to tho rapid advancement of the colony, and added— We will now givo tho healths of the English, Scotch, and Irishmen, and also the Germans. Drank with three cheers and ono chccr more for their union. Tho Mayor rose and snid ? If ever ho was ruzzlcd, it was -then. It was not till his arrival n tho room that he was aware ho should bo called on to respond to tho tonst that had been given. As lie was neither English, Irish, Scotch, or any thing else, lie could not be supposed to have any particular leanings toward the people of any nation— hut he wished to see all in a prosperous condition. lie admired very much tho liberality and intelligence of the English people. Ho did not think it would be long before wo would bo acknowledged as an independent nation. lie would as willingly drink to the health of ono nation ns the other. Mr. FiiAsjiu had been requested to respond on behalf of tho Scotch : if a good man was wanted in any department whatever— oitherin war, science, literature, or art— cxperienco proved that Scotch men could bo found worthy of those positions. He then alluded to Scotchmen whoso eminent abilities had been recognised by the world nt large, and, amongst others, to Colin Cuftpb'611, RobeJklhirns, tyd\\\Vnlter Scott, and in Australia. A grenr i&mbcr; pioneers of civilisation wero Scotching eThoyWy Scotch) a nation riot more than tlio\izj of lIHVdozcn stations had, in a great measure, giveff civilization to tho world. Mr. Shakkky rose and said it devolved on him to address the meeting on a subject which ho was alraid he should not be able to do justice to— that was to thank theiu for tho hearty manner in which the health of Irishmen had been drauk. lie felt the task to be a heavy one, and that he had not tho ability to do justice to tho subject. Ho felt grateful to them, as an Irishman, for tho tonst they had drank. Tho day they wero celebrating was always looked forward t'o by Irishmen as a day of festivity and rejoicing— a day on which Irishmen met togcthor to show their respect for tho memory of St. Patrick. What had English men, Scotchmen, or Gcnnnns to do with St. Patrick further than meeting at such a timo to shew their respect for tho sons of Ireland, and help to form a bond of unity ? Unity had been tho greatest power of nations. Tho traits of the English nation wero such that they had been looked on with jealousy by all other nations of Europe. He, ou behalf of Irishmen, cave thcra his most hearty thanks. Tho VicE.CiiAitiMAN, Mr. Rawlins, proposed— " Prosperity to Drayton and Toowoomba." Ho Bhould not Bay much on tho subject, for it was unnecessary. Wero ho to make a loug speech on the occasion, it would not enlighten them much : they oil know what a rapid advancement had lately taken placo in the-two towns. By looking around they would see now buildiogs springing . up in all directions. Every person who was ab« 1 sent for a few months was, on his return, per fectly astonished nt the changes that had taken and were then taking place. Look at the building they were then in— a building such as, three or ftmr years ago, was not to be found in any part of Queon-streel, Brisbane, tho leading thoroughfare of the capital of tho colony. Toovroomba bad sometimes been called tho third, and at other times the fourth important town in the colony of Queensland — but for his part lie believed the time was not far distant whon Toowoomba would bo recognised ns second in tho colony, giving pre ference to nono but the capital. Had they not all the elements of prosperity within their roach — the richest agricultural lauds in tho whole colony? All it needed was their development. Ho hoped they would all join in drinkiug " Success to Toowoomba and Drayton." Mr. Groom, 011 rising- to respond, said it was twelve months ago (hat a violent storm took place (St. Patrick's Day, 18G4) when ho had to respond to a toast of a similar character to the one now proposed by Mr. Rawlins, tho Vice- Chairman of that meeting. It was then alluded to, that during a visit of tho Governor Sir Gcorgo Rowcn to tho Downs, his Excellency enquired tho moan ing of the word " Toowoomba," when he was in formed that it was an aboriginal term, signifying " Great in the future." lie remembered that at tho time of the visit alluded to, although Too woomba was not then quite a wilderness, it was a very different place to what it is at present ; he remembered well tho impediments in their route in tho shape of logs and trees, and which presented a totally different aspect to what was to be met with at the present time. To instance the rapid advancement that' was taking place, ho would allude to tho High Fields Saw Mills, where ho addressed a meeting of his constituents on the previous Wednesday evening — a spot which, twelve months ago, was an uninhabited waste, but where, nt the present time, extensivo saw mills had been erected, where over 100 persons were regularly employed, and where tho wages for labour now being paid weekly amounted from £60 to £100. In that direction tho land was nearly nil sold and occupied ; and if such was the case nt the present time, what grand results may they not look forward to when the railway came through to Toowoomba? As their Vicc-Clmir- man hud already told thorn, tho lands in and around the towns of Toowoomba and Drayton wero unexcelled. He hoped, if I10 was called ou to ruspoud to a similar toast twelve months hence, that he should be ablo to congratulate them on their advancement in a proportionate degree to what had already taken .place. He. could re member when land was sold in Ruthven-strcct as low 11$ £4 per acre, and tho extraordinary changes that had taken placo wero best exemplified by tho fiuH that land in that street realised tho other day st-lA' per acre, no was sorry 10 see mat no ono was present to represent Drayton : if tho Mayor was uu.Hblo to attend/ ho thought 801110 of the Aldermen might havo dono so. If Toowoomba was to bo, o,s its name iiwpliecl, "great in tho future/' ho liopefl Drayton would share in its prosperity. It was possible thai Toowoomba may yet be the capital pf the colony, aud Drayton its western suburb. Mr. Matthkws roso and called on (>e company to fiill their glasses ngiu'u, and proposed " Pros perity to the commercial interests of Drayton and Toowoomba." v Mr. MeALi'te'L', being called o'u to respond, rose and said that ouc of his earliest' rcroiulsceuces was that of a man .who visited his /other's house remarking that " St. Patrick was of decent peoplo, came to Ireland, built a church, and on It put a steeple." He (tho mnn) did not say St. Patrick was an Irishman — tmly that lie came of Recent peoplo. For his part, ho thought ho was a Scoteh- man (Laughter.) He did not claim him as such, but whatever the nation from which ho was de scended. he would give him credit for being a good man. This, however, was rather departing from the subject of tho toast. He would say, God speed the plough and the railway loth. In a short timo thoy would not havo to pay 5s. or Gs. per cwf. for carriage of the flour they consumed— -\hcy >yould .shortly bo able to .send their wheat down "to Mr. Cock's to get it ground there. Instead of scuding to Ipswich anu Brisbane for flour, wo might shortly send it down to them. Ho should be happy to do all he could, compatible with' tho interest of his employers, to forward the interests 01 notn Drayton anil Toowoomba. The Chairman roso and said : As wise and efficient laws were most necessary and essen tial to the progress and general prosperity of the colony, he would propose tho health of both Houses of Parliament, coupled with that of our representative, Mr. Groom. ' Song — " He's a jolly good fellow," followed by three cheers. Mr. Groom wria not aware that he would bo called on to mako two speeches that evening, but ns no other member of tho Assembly was present, it became necessary for him to do so. Wiso and hcneficentlaws groatlycontributedto pluco Queens land in its present position. It was not so very long since that Vhen a vessel arrived at Morclon Day, flags wero hoisted to announce tho happy event — but three vessels, conveying a largo number of immigrants .and property to the value of halfia- million, dropped 'anchor in that port tho other day, and scarcely any notice was taken of it. However much he might differ with the Govern ment in many things, yet I10 believed their policy should bo judged of 'as a whole, and ho considered their measures had been productivo of great bene fit to the colony. The VicK-CiiAiRMAN rose and said : There must bo some reason for the rapid advancement which had taken place in Toowoomba. lie considered tho Municipal Council hail done well, and that a considerable portion of that success was duo to their former Mayor. He would propose the " Health of tho Mayor and Corporation of Too woomba." Tho Council had ilono well for the improvement of tho town ; they could riot do nil at once. By looking nt tho present streets, and remembering what state they were in three or four years ago, it must bo acknowledged they had done their best for tho benefit of Toowoomba — as far as the means at their command allowed. The Mayou had been talking at tho top of his voice from half-past twelve to six o'clock that day, ti ml fhrri>fnrA wne cA -time, yet ho could not resist answering to the toast just drank. All the honour arising from tho improvements effected in Toowoomba wero due to his predecessor, Mr. Groom. Ho had no opportu nity of doing anything since ho had been iu oftice, for tho Council had no money to spend, lie in tended to conduct tho affairs of tho town as he would his own. Ho noticed that a correspondent of the Courier had stated that Mr. Dexter had re signed tho ofiico of Town Clerk, and that Govern ment declined to loan tho Corporation the £3000 spoken of. It was well known that Mr. Dexter had intended resigning for tho last four or five months, to engage in a moro profitable occupa tion, and ho hoped they would yet obtain tho loan of £3000 from, tho Government, for if they did not, they would find themselves/, when the winter arrived, up to their knees in mud. IIo had great faith in the futuro prosperity of Toowoomba: he hud seen no other soil equal to it ; it had been stated that thirty-five bushels had been grown to the acre, but he had known as much .as fifty bushels to be taken of an acre of land. There wero several persons he knew who wero coming from tho Hawkcsbury River in New South "Wales to reside here — ulcu with capital to tho extent of £2000. He anticipated a bright aud glorious future for Toowoomba. The Cuairman then roso and said : Tho most pleasant duty of the oven,ug now devolved on himself and others who were present, that of drinking' the health of Ludy Bowcn aud tho ladies of tho colony.- — had just been informed that, as the youngest person iu the room, ho was expected to return 'thanks' on .behalf of the ladies. Ho would not remark that' "unaccustomed as he was to public speaking," Ac., as was usual on such I occasions, but he would assure them' tliat ho was not at all prepared- for tho occasion,. ,.Ho \vould therefore simply thank them heariilyj 6n beha)f. of tho ladies generally, 'for tho vory cordial raannQr in which the toast had been drank. ri '/ The Chairman said tho last toast, "though pot the least important, was the one' he was ilion about- to propose. If thiey looked for redress, or 'if they' wished to be extolled for their virtues, they knew that their wishes were only to be gratified through the press, lie begged to propose " Success to the Press." After a pause, and no response, Mr. Groom pro posed three cheers for the press, and called on Mr. llull to address the meeting. ' Mr. Hall said that having been called on by name, he supposed ho must say something. They —tho representatives of tho press had on many occasions very unpleasant duties to perform — but tho present was ono of the plcasantcst duties In connection with tho profession. There was not tliat amount of cordiality generally shown in Too- .woouiba he would like to see. IIo believed that gathering together to celebrate the anniversaries of St. Patrick, St. George, &c.;, and such like meet in its, wore prnductivo of very beneficial effects, lie begged to thank them on behalf of the press. Mr. Groom said that was the last regular -toast of tho evening, but ho would like to. propoao another. IIo thought there was a great deal of truth in Mr. Hall's remark, that we- were not ns sociable as we may be, and that such meetings wero calculated to do a great deal of good. Tho Chair man, Yicc-Chairtnan, and Father Hodebourg had acquitted themselves well that evening. Ho did not wish to speak in a vein of flattery,' but he must say that no person he knew was more in. favour of forwarding tho interests of Drnvton than their Vice- Chairman, who had frequently backed , his (Mr. Groom's) claims for Drayton and Too- ; woombn. It was of great advantage to tlio .com munity to have .a clover and able magistrate in their district. Mr. Rawlins' had, in his sphere, done a great deal of good for Drayton and Too woomba, and ho hoped that gentleman would in future help him in his eflirts to obtain justice for those towns, lie would now proposo tlio .healths of the Chairman, Father Hodebourg, and tho Vice-Chairman. At this point of the proceedings there was some likelihood of a disturbance. A Mr. Bruce, who was slightly intoxicated, had occasionally made a remark, and though perhaps, slightly an- n<»ying, yet not intentionally so, when a Mr. Mttloncy considered that Father Lnrkin had been treated disrespectfully, and wished to wipe out tho offence vi et arniis, However, by the exertions of a few friends the affair blew over without the peace being broken 1 . Tho Chairman : Last year there were more per- sons present at the festival than had attended on mat occasion, anu no was sure mat the gentleman who' then acted as Chnirmun fulfilled his task with great satisfaction, lie himself had been placed in the chair that cveniug, but lio thought it might have fallen into abler hands — he believed that Mr., Rawlins would have been a more suitable chair man, and could have done more justice to the oc-. casion (" No, no.") lie had intended, as had also Father Hodebourg, to have been only spectators, but their intentions could not bo carried out. He was about to go to Roma, when ho had fulfilled certain obligations he was under here. He should, not forget thekindness shown him by-Englishmen/ Irisbiuenl nud Scotchmen. The Rov. Father. Hodebourg having returned thanks, . The Vice-chairman said it was quite true that had been asked to tako the clinir that evening, but he considered it much mure appropriate that it should bo filled by an Irishman, He was well pleased to accept the Vice-Chair. There was no better pbn: to adopt than that of mingling with the peoplo . to obtain a thorough knowledge of i.uiman nature. Be felt great pleasure in attend ing such meeting tho present, for by so doing ho be'eamo acquainted with the wants, tho wishes, and tho feelings of the community generally, whoso in/erest'it'woulU he his especial sTudy to advance. Jt was not lib? wjsh to. be known as an Englishman, Irishman, ,orA Scotchmaqrrbut . as a Queenslander. (Clie'ers.) ' Mr. Groom renfirkod that 02 Inst St. Patrick's Day, Father Larkin enng an excellent .comto song which was much nppt'sriatod, and he hoped that ho would favour the present company n a similar manner. Father Larkin then gave " Strike for tho o'd/moghuo." \ Several comic songs were afte/wa.rds suiij/» £ Hamilton, ono or two other gent/cmen, and the members of tho Dramatic compauy being the pur- formers. The company— it then being botween\ono and two o'clock — broke up, Mr. Groom stuping he wanted the joom early in tlio moruing to p/epare for an auction sale. The attendance was much less numerous than anticipated — preparations having been triado for more than double the number that sat down. The company present appeared almost lost in so large a room — which is cnpablo of accomodating six times the number iu a comfortable manuer. Iu attempt-" ing to occupy tho whole of tho available space at . the two tables, the company appeared to much disadvantage, very similar to what Toowoomba does, where, with a few exceptions, even on tfio main streets, six houses may face tho public thoroughfares where only ono meets tho eye. It! would be much better on future occasions, should- there bo a smaller attendance than expected, that those whoyre present should bo so placed at table as to be within reasonable and comfortable speak, ing distance. However, -the rocetiog, though per haps not profitabyto its promoters, may be considered as successful, all present .enjoying, themselves, and m a sWilelah brought into re quisition duriug tllb eventogjor Jhe intervention, of a policeman necessary.! | i ' New Journal in RocuniMpVU'Sfee are in receipt of the -first number of a nowrb weekly journal, entitled '"Tub News," published at Rockhampton on the 15th instant. The propri etors, in introducing tho " News" to tho favoura ble notice of tho public, say that " no expense will be spared to make that journal a reliable organ of public opinion, an accurate reporter of public events, and a staunch advocate of tho'intcr- csts of the colony." It is a double demy, sheet, very well got up, tho letter-press clear and dis tinct — aud from tlio goodly array of advertisements' it contains, promises to be very liberally supported. Wo wish our contemporary success. Mr. Groom delivered au address to his constitu ents at Highficlds on tho evening of Wednesday, the 15th inst. He was very well received, and a vote of confidence was unnnimously awarded him. Highflelds is the namo given to a village situate about fifteen or sixteen miles north-east of Too woomba, where Mossrs. Decgan, Ilaoge, and Pecchey established a steam saw-mill about twelve mouths ago, previous to which it was uniuhabited. At the present time the residents in that locality ere more- numerous than some of the Northern electorates which havo tho privilego of returning representatives to tho Assembly. A Hawker's License was granted on tho 15th inst., by the Toowoomba Bench, to Joseph Bigloy. Rockhampton.—' Tho escort has just arrivod from Peak Downs with 2423 ozs. 14 dwts. of gold. It left Clermont on Monday morning. ' It is re ported that there is a party of Germans on tho road to Rockhampton with about 500 ounces of gold. A new rush has taken place about five miles from M'Mostcr's, on two running creeks. It was reported on March 12, and has'causcd great excitement in Clermont— Telegrams to Courier. Goondiwindi, March 19. — (From a correspon dent.)— I have m> commotions to record, no vio- le'nt' scones-to pOurtrny; I am neither lawyer nor agitator, but simply frhat I profess to be, a pence- maker.- No doubt-, stirring events linvo passed In our. bouftVmogislmtes v. magistrates, profane language," unsCemly recrimination, disgraceful trials, sum up.a total of social discomfort unplea sant to witness or repeat. In other and more pro fitable concerns wc have been stirring also. . Our storekeepers and publicans have no reason to com plain on tho score of trade, we think. Drays, travellers, &c.;, &c.;, keep tho dust in motion along . the parched road. .A blacksmith— a capital hand — has settled down here, and his bellows -seem in good order. We want a tailor" now, ho could get plenty of work. Shoemakers wo lhavo already, three of them, and not overstockedeither..j((rOur new publican, Bailey, seems to be doing a stroko ; at least, a stranger would havo said so two nighte ago, that is, ou the 17tb. Dry, dry weather, and every indication of a dry" winter. Summer is fast fading away, tbo morniogs and evenings tolerably cold, inducing thoughts of a winter supply. ! Important Discovery. — A telegram' in Mon day's Guartfran says that kerosene oil has been discovered at Wollongong between two layers of coal. # ' A Fact fob Squatters.— The wholo number .of sheep, in Ohio is 4,300,000, and this year's wool 19,000,000 lbs. worth $15,000,000. Throughout the West the farmers are tnkiog thainoncy they get for their wool and investing it in more'sheep as woohgrowingis very profitable just.now. When we havo got rid of our present wretched, wasteful and iniquitous squatting system, by which a hand ful of non-rcsldont capitalists and grasping money lenders havo managed, to monopolise nearly tho. whole of the public lands of. the' colony,' wo may . reasonably hopo to produce results in New South Wales quite equal to those recorded above respect ing sheep-farming in Ohio. There is abundance . of room, under a proper land system, for thirty or forty millions of 6hccp.in this colony, but no such number can bo fed while, as at present, men who are merely buffers for tho banks and great capital ists, are allowed to mooopollso five or six hundrtf<4 thousand acres of land each at a rental of lcstf thau half-a-farthing an acre. — Sydney Empire, — win. v., .in"; — uud «i iuu uiuat lernuc ox. mortal calamities, amid tho thousand 'natural shocks which flesh is heir to, lately took place. Tho ship Trenton recently put into Table' Bay "to land tho.crew of the Danish ship Najaden/ which was totally destroyed by fire. She was the pro perty pf. Messrs. Vrizzard and Co., of Copenhagen. Tho cause of the fire has not been ascertained, but it is supposed to have arisen through tho accidental ignition of the ship's cpl. Great praise is due to Captain Walker, of the Trenton, for his prompt humanity in aid of the captain and .crew of tho ill-fated ship. „ : . . i Awfully Sudden .Death or Mr. Caster.— Mr. Castor, -one of the veritable Campbell Min strels, who resided at No. 9, Stanley-street, Wooi- loomooloo, was not very well on "Satuiday morn ing, and told the director of the company ho coud not tako part in the afternoon performance. The manager noticing a strangeness in bis manner, di rected a friend to keep him compriny/witb whom he remained at Tattewall's until he. said he felt better, and would return homo : to tea; -and get Tendy for. the evening performance. Ho' reached home, had washed, his hands, rind was sitting at the piano playing, when ho suddenly rose, clasped his hands, shivered, and fell down deail- A doctor- was in immediate attendance, but, alas, the spirit bad fled!— Empire. — — -.'L -- . Protective 'duties' in Victoria.— The fob lowing, says the Ballaarat Star, has been related to us, and is not a bad Freo Trade v. Protection nnecdute. A certain An Emerald Hill had ordered an organ from England somo months ago, which arrived in Hobson-a Bay, subsequent to the imposition of the new duties'' (musipal instruments, &c.;, 2s. per cubic foot, out side measurement), when the committee were ap- .pallcd at hearing that something like £100 would have to be paid in. the shape of new import duty ' before they could obtain possession of their fine no.w instrument. In their dilemma they repaired to SJr. Anderson, Into member for the district and late Commissioner of Trade and Customs, to in voke his aid, or at least obtain his advice. But Mr. Anders00 had been rejected at tbo lest election because h-va8 a freetrader, and we think he must have rather the discomfiture of his visi- tors. ' t Whafero we to do," they demanded, " wo sent away our uftjOOY, and now we can't-- get our organ?" Do?1' sain. Mr. Anderson, "why, pay the. duty of course. "Yo2 were all mnd for protec tion, .and nowyou have go.t a taste of it."- Can't wo-pctition Parliament, '- saiVl they, " won't you spoaktoMr.Francfe-r .It is K shnmaio tax re ligion. Thoy might let iw off fPT half the duty. Can nothing bo done," Ac- " I'll mpt interfere in tho matter," replied Mr. Ancfcrson,' nd there is nothing to bo done but to pay the monb£> unless, ho added, you- choose to petition the GpmTnor to gazette th6 church a bonded store,, and iho person" a locker j then, indeed, you might geb yoUr.ora;®n and keep the money." .... Libel; — An old man named Dauielk, who has 'been living at Aralurin for some tiraepa'sC,' and" «uvi is His t'muHiii nucftiuij iu recover irom Mr.. yf. H. Johnson, of Araluen, the sum of £100 for libel #t- the' District Court, wits apprehended on 'Monday, and brought before tho Police Magistrate of Araluen, charged in tho liue-nnii-Cry with hav ing stolen o cheque for £7. Tho prisoner has ' been remanded to Svdnoy to bo fiAlmr with. — Braid wood New 5. - A cmyivk Habit or Uudy will eventually under mine tbe health., and violent purgatives eQuid nnlv- lempurary relief, but Dr. Jayne's Sanative Pill',, taken as directed, will soon rcmnvo it and nil Dili, ousnoss, and elfectnally cure Disordered 'Stomach Liver Complaint, and Sick Headache.— Advt. Incendiarism.— a stack of wheat, containing .bout 800 bushels, was bnrnt down on Tnesdav night last, on Mr. -Michael DoyleS farm at -South Gundagni. It is preaumedjp be the work of an in- condlary, as the stack round as a pre - cautionary measure on tlio'tireceding ofiernoon, and was seen all Bafe at a Utc hour on Tuesday night, but found totally cdnimned on the follonin. morning. — Tumut Timet. March 6. Rusted Wheat for Seed— As further evidence that shrivelled rusty wheat is as good for seed as good wheat, we may instance the fact that two farmers at Broadford, named M'Donald and M'Leod have very good crops, the seed sown being almost worthless, owing to rust. One has eleven acres and the other nine, the crops in both cases being the best in the neighbourhood. We are aware also of a small patch of wheat in Forbes, grown from rusty seed, and another of several acres on the Survey that looks well.— Kilmore Examiner. Inundations on' tub Continent.— In Tuscany, the rivers have risen till tlio low lands havo boon drowned, part of the Junction railway swept away, and Florence seriously injured. In Spain the inun dations have bcon evon worse, particularly in Valencia, "whore the earth Is water and tho men women.' In that province Aleira Is "a heap of ruins in a great lake. Tores has lost 100 houses, and nine other towns are named as needing imme- diato assistance, while in no less than tweniv ll.reo villages tho masonry which supports the irrigation J i'!' n-" '""P' «"«y. Causing an amount of loss not to bo estimated in money. , a drunken fellow got out of Ids calculation, and was dosing in the street, when the belli roused him by their ringing for fire "Nine, ten, eleven, twclvo, thirtooo, fourteen" cried he; well if this la0-, later than I erer knew it I" 