HOME CORRESPONDENCE. I From our London Correspondent.! London. February 27. Immediately on the assembling of Parlia ment the Government laid on the table of both Houses of Parliament the correspondence relating to the discontinuance of transports tion. It forma a Blue-book ot 50 pages, atld to the future historian of Australia it will prove a valuable document. The various papers which it comprises are 46 in number, beginning with the despatch ot the Duke of Newcastle, of the 29th January, 1861, an nouncing the decision of the Government on the report of the Transportation Commission, and coming down to that of Mr. Cardwell, announcing that that decision had been aban doned. Tbe various despatches are grouped together under the heads of the several colonies, and if I do not attempt to summarize, it is because of the space that would be required, and because most cf the papers have already been published, while the others will go out by this mail. The memorial of the Western Aus tralians for compensation, with Mr. Cardwell'a reply, has not, 1 think, been made public, and it will no doubt be read with interest in both the eastern and western colonies. Both the Times and the Daily News have used the volume as au occasion for giving a birdseye view of the controversy which has now virtually closed, and for once the two journalists agree in deducing from it pretty nearly the same moral. The Times thinks it was natural that the Government should propose to adopt & compromise, and it also now admits that indecorous and unnecessarily violent as some of the demonstrations of the eastern colonists may have been, there was reasonable ground for the position taken up by them. It thinks it matter for satisfaction that only the Government of New South "Wales consented to engage in " the wild and unconstitutional proceeding" intended to isolate ^ Western Australia, and thai the others showed a disposition to trust to the effect ot further representation to the Home Government. Xhat, it thinks, must be matter of satisfaction to those Governments, while Victoria must regret its hastiness. Remarking on Mr. Card well's severe remarks upon the proceedings of the Victorian Government," the Times allows that our own Government, however well intentioned, never did justice to the reason urged by the colonists for their opposition, and that it ought to have seen sooner that the object contended for was not worth the bad feeling generated. Now it has angered the Western Australians, and there has been set up a claim for compensation, to which Mr. Cardwell has an unanswerable demand. The writer hopes that we have heard the last of this unpleasant quarrel, which never need to have been allowed to run so high, and which, he hopes, may now " be forgotten by evety one except by Her Majesty's Govern ment. It ought to serve them as a perpetual warning against a similar display of passire resistance to the deep-seated wishes of loyal, energetic, and prosperous colonies." And is there no one else to whom the warning should be of value ? The conductors of the Times probably assume that it will be forgotten by the colonists that the course pursued by that journal has been a faithful reflection of that pursued by the Colonial Office, and that it haB done as much as any other agency to keep alive the feeling of irritation which it now deplores. I should state that as yet no action on the transportation question has been taken iu Par liament ; but in reply to an enquiry, Mr. Card well has stated that a measure will-be introduced this session, and that it will provide for the discontinuance of transportation within three years. The proposed Australian Exhibition of Gems has excited a good deal of attention. The London Review devoted a sensible article to it in its number of January 2S;b, expressing the opinion that it will exhibit in a striking manner a source of colonial wealth of which Englishmen have been almost entirely ignorant, and, what is mere, a kind of wealth which, from association, impresses the mind even more than golds It considers, however, that it is not surprising that we should be comparatively ignorant of the mineral wealth of Australia when a similar charge is brought against Victoria itself. The -Review adds that " we may share the satisfaction and delight which success will give. Not, of course, because wealth in diamonds is more real wealth than fleeces of sheep or bales of cotton, but it is a new variety in colonial riches. It is a new field for productive euergv, and the more varied the attraction to immigrants the richer is the colony likely to be in the variety of classes and characters requisite to build up a great commonwealth, Those who dread the democratic spirit which constantly tends towards increased influence in the colonies will be glad of any pursuit that breaks up the monotony of conditions under which the colonists live, and to which the democratic principle of equality owes its cower. In one respect the development of wealth in gems may also have a peculiarly beneficial result. There may be, and are, tasteless displays of jewellery; the phrase "barbaric pearl and gold" seems often but too appropriate. But gems, aud the arts of embellishment in which they are used, are intimately associated with the most refining social influences and tlsc culture of the beautiful. It will not ba inappropriate if the Australian colonists, rich in every form of tiie raw material of wealth, and having ori ginally almost no social nexus but the coarse one of wealth-getting, should find in one of their most valuable products a stimulus to the cultivation of arts which help to elevate aud refine." Have you also met with this, which I quote from the Chinese correspondent of the Star, who thinks not a little, in common with all Hongkongites, of Australian coal" The last mail," lie says, " has brought the account of the lighting up of Hougkong with gas on the 3rd i>ecember last. The Hongkong and China Gas Company have had to contend with diffi culties of a local character, and of climate, which have delayed this event beyond their rxpectations; but it is now brought to a most successful issue, without a single accident or hi- ch of any kind. The brilliancy of the gaB made from Australian coal, delivered at a mo derate price at the Company's own wharf, has caused t he greatest surprise" to the Chinese and satisfaction to the Europeans." The reform of the land laws interests, I know, all colonists, and you will therefore read with some satisfaction, perhaps, the debate in the House of Commons on Wednesday last, on the Land Mortgage Debentures B:li. Lord Naas moved it. It proposes to make deben tures on land transferable from hand to hand as easily as coupons. If it should pass (it has been referred at present, with one or two similar B.ils, to a Select Committee) it will almost destroy tbe conveyance business. The Times this morning has a furious article against it. In connection with this subject I may mention the formation of a Registered Land Company, for the purpose cf facilitating the registration of titles to landed estates. The prospectus sajs that the especial object of the Company is to assist owners of property who, from want of funds or other causes, have hitherto been unable to avail themselves of the advantages offered by the Act. The Company will undertake the examination and registration of titles to landed estates ; it will provide the funds for the necessary preliminary expendi ture; discharge the various encumbrances, where tbe value of the estate bears a just pro portion to the amount charged upon it; and will also facilitate the arrangements of persons desirous of lending or borrowing on landed security. Whilet, from the nature of these operations and the securities held by the Com pany, it will be protected against all risk of loss, considerable profits must be derived, and owners of laud will find their advantage in the increased value of their property. The Com j l,any purchase registered and other landed I estates, and resell them in lots or otherwise, J where the advantages of a simple and parlia mentary title enable them to effect the distri bution and resale without delay and without expense. The Registration Act has been but partially adopted in England. Partially, did I say"? Scarcely at all. All the family solicitors shrug their shoulders at it, and the great landowners are fearful tnat if tliey go to the office they may really lose tbeir estates, instead of making them more secure. We do not move quite so last iu these matters as you do. I daresay it will take a generation to convince the public that lawyers' long bills do not improve tbe title to hmded property, but rather the reverse. If I were to express the opinion of most persons "at home," especially in London, I thitjk I should say that the most important topic of the month has been, and, indeed, still is tbe weather. Ecbruaty has presented to us the whole winter in the microcosm of a month. Tbe drizzle and fog have surpassed anythiuc tbat November ever produced. Tbe snow has came down for whole days, just as it used to do, or as we imagine that it used to do, when we were children. Even the tops of London houseB have remained covered with it for three days. We have had tbe crisp dry air of an old January, and then we have had the sleet and slush of sudden thaws with all their inevitable acc mpaniments. One day we have said we have never had such a fine bit of winter; the next tbat tbe weather is the worst we have' ever known; and more than once all the changes, backwards and forwards and forwards and backwards again, have taken place within the 10 hours of daylight, beginning with frost, proceeding to thick snow, progressing to slush, and ending with another frost. The result is that the buddiDg spring is somewhat shy in showing her face. We generally have, as many of your readers will well remember, one or two bright, soft, warm, sunshiny days in February, when the lilacB break through their first brown | buds and show the first green leaves of the year. We have been accustomed to gather not a few violets, both white and purple, this mouth, and crocuses have certainly not been uncommon. None of these have yet made their appearance. I have seen a snowdiop, or something like onej which an enthusiastic city gentleman purchased at Cuveiit Garden ; but it was a poor, dull, lauky-looking thing, and nothing resembling tbe hardy and pure little maiden flower which srnds alf our young ladies into such ecstasies and makes them draw to such an extent on the few superlatives of the English language. But none of this has arrived this year. I am afraid we had our spring days in D'ecember, and that for a week or two yet to come they will be in the discount-house of nature. One of the wettest aud muddiest days of the month, February 7, Parliament was opened. There was a fair musier of the people's representatives, and an average atten | dance of the Lords; that is to say, that out of rather more than 400 peers whom Her Majesty had summoned, there were 12 present ! on the first day of the session, aud almost as many stayed to hear the debate on the address. This neglect of the Upper House has now become so usual as to pass almost unnoticed. A year or two ago one of our daily journals, not very favourable to an hereditary aristocracy, used to give, in reporting the proceedings of the Lords, the greatest number present at any time during the evening. Occasionally this greatest number amounted to 18 or 20, b: t generally five or sis was the utmost. No man can rightly read the signs of the times; but I cannot help thinking that a day will come, and that not very long her.c, when this indifference of the Peerage to their legis lative functions will be brought up against them with terrible and almost fatal effect. The only interest they have taken in public measures for many years has been to assemble once or twice in the session at the call of Lord Derby and throw out measures wiiteh the House of Commons has passed. They have rejected every measure of ecclesiastical reform, thrown out the Church-rate Abolition Hill, and then on three or four, if not five times—I forget the exact number—the Bill for the abolition of | the declaration which all Nonconformists arc compelled to take on becoming members of | municipal corporations. Ibey stopped the abolition of the paper duty, provoking thereon a serious popular assault on their legislative functions, and when nearly all England was unanimous in approving the policy of the Government on the Danish question, they alone condemned it. At the same time j scarcely a month or two passes n which the name of some Peer is not printed amongst the co-respondents in divorce cases. I am afraid, as I have said, that they are running up a heavy reckoning against themselves, which in another reform agitation will be made only too apparent. Nothing for many generations is likely seriously to endanger their existence as a class; but their position as hereditary legislators is not quite so secure. Those who mix amongst the people—the respectable middle classes, as well as the working class—know that their com ments on the House of Lords are plain and not complimentary. They had certain]*, however, not i:- uch to draw them together this year. What is called the " Queen's Speech" was more than usually uninteresting and unimportant. It consisted of a reference to the Danish war; to the North American war, in which Her Mijesty lemains steadfastly neutral; to the Japanese and the New Zealanders; to the scheme far the union of the North American provinces, on which a Bill is to be presented after it shall have passed tbe Provincial Leg s iatures ; to the tranquillity of India, and the storm at Calcutta. There was the customary phrase about "economy" and "due regard to the efficiency of the public serviceand then the people were assured that the general condi tion of the country was satisfactory ; that the condition of Ireland was improving ; and that " various measures of public usefulness would be submitted for consideration." These were enumerated, and consisted of a Bill for the con centration of the Courts ofLaw and Equity; the revision of tbe statute law, by wliich is under stood, in addition to thecodification of thelaws, the revision of the patent and of the poor laws; and a Bill relating to the public schools. There was not a word about either political, financial, or ecclesiastical reform. The Governmenr, it was clear, either from internal discord pre venting their agreement oil these questions, or from a fear of disturbing the present rather quiet state of public feeling, had resolved to go through the session without bringing iorwai-d any great measure. The general effect of the speech was a sense of hopeless dulness, succeeded by a slight, but only slight irritation. There seems to be an understanding that tbe present Par liament is not to attempt auy great reforms, and that its existence is not to be eudangered by any measnre likely to prove fatal to its bodily constitution. The debate on the address, therefore—I went to the House to hiar it—was short, and, excepting a slight Irish spurt, not very animated. Lord Cnarlemont and Lord Houghton (ilenekton Milnes) performed the office of sponsors in the Lords. The first made his debut both as a legislator and a speaker, and a most unhappy ore it was. The materials of his speech were good, and carefully prepared; but his nervousness and oratorical incapability exceeded any thing that has ever perhaps been wit nessed in Parliament, and that is saying a great deal. Lord Houghton was respectable, but dull—as is bis poetry, or his verses called poetry. Lord Derby waB very happy, but only played with bis opponents. In the Lower House Sir Hcd worth v"» iiliamson and Captain Tracy spoke to the address, and it seemed for some time that they were to be tbe only speakers, for no one, when they sat down, made a sign. Mr. Vincent Scu.ly, however, threw himself into the gap, and denied the correctness of the assertion respectiug Ireland in the speech. Other Irish members followed, and the first intimation was given that they intend, as a matter of policy, to widen the breach between themselves and the Liberal party. On the succeeding evening Mr. Scully divided the House, but only got a few members to support him. The only remarkable debates which have taken place since this have also been on Irish questions—one brought forward again by Mr. Scuily, when he exposed some recent ease of a questionable exercise of patronage in the Irish Church; aud a second introduced by Mr. Pope Henessey, who, on Friday evening last, pro posed a motion expressive of regret at the depopulation of Ireland, and of the opinion of the House that the nation needs some help. The speeches on the question were very able, and Mr. Whiteside especially distinguished himself. Sir .Robert Peel aud Mr. Gladstone ■ were brought up, and the debate was adjourned to this evening, wbeu there is a chance of the Government being defeated. This alliance of the Tories and the Irish parties is not new, but is, it appears, evidently getting closer. Whether tbe latter really expect that the former are in sympathy with them is impos sible to say. I judge that they have joined them because of the numerous disappointments which they have received from tne Whig party. The fir6t breach with tbe latter occurred when the Ecclesiastical Titles Act was passed, and it has heen widening ever since. The illusion of supposing, if they do suppose it, that the Tory party, as such, is in sympathy with the measures which Irishmen generally put forward as the conditions of the future prosperity ol Ireland will be dissipated when the Tory party come to power. The greater and an increasing section of the Liberals do, however, go with two of tho Irish measures, viz., the abolition of the Irish Church and some amelioration of the present law of land lord and tenant. There has also been an extensive debate on tbe Poor-Law system. Mr. Vdliers has introduced a Bill for widening the area of the liability of poor-relief and removal from pariebes to unions. This will prevent many of the abuses of the present system and lessen its harshness. The English Poor-Laws, as I need not inform you, have a rather opprobrious reputation. If carried, as it is likely to be, this measure will lessen the present feeliog. The Government have also introduced the Bill, and carried its second reading, for the concentration of the Courts of Justice. It is proposed to purchase, partly out of the suitors' fund in Chancery, and partly out of other public money, the whole estate lying between the present Court of Chancery and Fleet-street —amounting to seven acres of land—and then to build a Justice Hall, in which all the pre sent Courts shall find accommodation. Tbe scheme is of magnificent proportions, and will now, no doubt, be carried out. It will make a great improvement to the metropolis, and, let us hope—aB we are told will be the ease— reduce our lawyers' bills as wcllaB the expenses of the administration of justice. I, however, am not sanguine of this. Tou will see from this that the Government is proceeding vigorously with its business, and there is no likelihood, on the whole, that it will be s opped. We shall, however, have a malt duties debate on the 7th March, when tbe Con servative party intend to muster in full strength. A formidable Association has been inaugurated for the repeal of these duties, but it is not in good hands. Sir Fi'zroy Kelly is leader, and this is sufficient to say that it must fail. 1 understand that the Cabinet will make this a ' party question, and that they intend to stand ' or fall by the result. They have an ooportu- I nity, that is to say, of getting a good party i victory, for they are sure to win, and cannot | be blamed for getting it. But it is added ! that they will soon afterwa'ds dissolve Parlia meat—whether to enable tbe Tories to go to the country with the sole cry of " Cheap beer" j I cannot say. So many rumours of this character have been set afloat during the last two years that this one icay be received with certainly a good deal of hesitation. And another very rxplicit statement may be received with equal doubt as to its correctness, viz., that Lord Palmerston will this summer retire ; that Earl Russell {will be Premier, and, Mr. Gladstone leader of the House cf Commons. 1 No doubt this will occur some day, and that ! not before very long, and circumstances apart from rumour point to its early proba bility. Earl Russell has just made, in a i.ew edition of his work on the English Constitu tion, another proclamation of the necessity for reform. Mr. Gladstone's tendencies are now well known; and a new and influential repre sentative of the Reform interest has appeared j in the person of Viscount Amberley, Earl j Hussell's eldest son, who has made a very j thoughtful and original speech at Leeds on ; this question, which lias led to his being asked I to be a candidate for the representation of the 1 borough at the next general election. This nobleman is the most promising of all oar j youngest men. He is a forcible writer, as his i article on " Subscription" in the Edinburgh ' Eeriew shows: he is also a thoughtful, im- j pressive, and clear speaker. In education he j is a scholar; in political sympathies almost, | at present, a Radical. As the " son of his 1 father" his reception as a public man has been ] very flattering, and there is no little English pride at the tact that the family of Russell is | likely to have another popular statesman i for its representative. One further fact there is iu connection with this ques tion, viz, the proposed formation of a new Reform Association, on the basis of the Trades' Unions. This Association iB to hold a meeting in a few days, and it intends to test thoroughly the opinions and sympathies of the j wo: king classes. On the whole, therefore, the Reform question may be said to be rising. Mr. Raines's renewed Reform Bill, which is shortly to come on for discussion in the House of Commons, will once more test the present ] Parliament. I believe that the debate will this time sot be a ebam one, and that the more firm amongst the Liberal partv will speak out thoroughly, earnestly, and boldly. The proposed reform in the patent laws will, I suppose, take the line of the report of the ! Commissioners, which has ju3t been published ! in the shape of a Blue-book of 228 double columned pages. The Commissioners report only in favour of a modification of the present system, and not, as the Times supposed they would, in favour of an abolition of the patent laws altogether. They say that they do not think the present cost of obtaining patents excessive ; that they cannot recommend a pre liminary investigation into the merits of the invention for which a patent is claimed, bat tliev advise an enquiry into the fact whether there has been a previous publication of the I invention, in which case the patent should be refused. They condemn the present mode of I trying the validity of patents, and think that such trials should be before a Judge, sitting with the aid of scientific assessors, and without a Jury, unless both parties to the action should desire one. Their further recommen dations are as follow:—" That the granting of I licences to use patented inventions ought not to be made compulsory. That patents I ought not to be granted to importers of foreign j inventions. That in no case ought the term for which a patent is granted to be extended i beyond the original period of 14 years. That in all patents hereafter to be granted a proviso shall be inserted to the effect that the Crown shall have the power to use any inven tion therein patented without previous licence I or consent of the patentee, subject to pay ment of a sum to be fixed by the Treasury. ! While, in the judgment of the Commissioners, ' the changes above suggested will do something to mitigate the inconveniences now generally complained of by the public as incident to the i working of the patent law, it is their opinion that these inconveniences cannot be wholly removed." The recent decision in favour j of Crown rights to all patents will pieeipitate the discussion of this ques tion. This decision has surprised all the public excepting the portion belonging to the legal profession. It is now settled that the Crown may use any patent without being compelled to give the patentee any compensa tion. It is argued that this will not work very favourably for the public interests. Many inventions can only be used by a Government; and if the Crown has a right to them it is not likely that the inventors will take any trouble I or go to any expense for the sake of making the nation a preser.r. As for compensation, unless, as in Sir Wm. Armstrong's case, a man has many friends at court, when he may be certain of making his fortune at once, whether his patent be nseful or not, be would be insane to expect it. But the laws will possibly undergo a larger revision than that marked out in the report. There is a large class of political economists who take tne ground that no man has any right whatever to j a patent. The Times has been writing to this j effect, and doubtless such alterations as may be made will be of this tendency and in this direction. The smaller political news has a good deal j of peculiar personal interest attaching to it. Such is the appointment of Mr. Massev, la'e Chairman of Committees in the House of ! Commons, and member for Salford, to the im pariant post of Finance Secretary to the Indiuii Government iu succession to Mr. Laing. Mr. Massey has shewn himself to be a capable man ; but everybody wonder at the appoint ment, and the general comment is " the square man iu the round hole again." He has never done anything in financial questions, and never shown the smallest interest in Indian matters, or made a speech upon them. The journals do not seem to be aware of one fact, which accounts for Mr. Massey's fortunate carter hitherto, and his important elevation. The hon. member is a natural son ot the old Marquis of Lansdowne, who first pushed him iuto public life as member of the family borough of Calne. The Marquis's social repute in matters on which the seventh commandment bears was, until the end of his long life, not a very fragrant one, but he behaved with j great justice to Mr. Massey, and did all that he could t o wipe out the blot of his birth. To Mr. Massey lumself, therefore, the event was a fortunate one. Mr. Massey's successor is Mr. Dodson, member for East Sussex—a young man of the j new Oxford school—able, liberal, and gentle manly. The appointment is a good one; but ! University Reform loses by it one of its best advocates. There are other political changes. The death of Mr. Gregsoii, member for Lancaster, has taken place. Mr. Schneider, formerly repre senting Norwich, succeeds him. Mr. Cfregson was ione of the most active and laborious members cf the House of Commons. I can well remember, 30 years ago, when I was a boy, seeing him booted through Lymington, iu Hampshire, when he first tried an entrance into public life and first tried to break down a local family interest in a rotten old borough. Lord Palmerstou paid him last week a very high and marked compliment—such a graceful thing as he and he alone can do, and which excites other men to an ambition for useful ness, though that usefulness may be unknown to the public, as in Mr. Gregson's case, until after death. In Salford Mr. Cbeetham, formerly member for South Lancashire, has succeeded Mr. Massey. He is a Radical, and a wealthy and educated Nonconformist, who will do some credit to that party in the House where it has not many notable representatives. Tbe appointment of Mr. Montague Smitb, member for Truro, to tbe new Judgeship is a fuir act of political generosity of which Cabinets are not usually guilty. If the Government thought to gain a seat by it they have been disappointed, for Truro has returned another Tory in Mr. Smith's place. A similar appointment has been made in Scotland with a similar result. In Ireland there are elections at Cork, Tralee, and Tipperaiy. Two have gone against the Government—thoroughly Irish members being returned—and the third is hkely to do the same. The resignation of Mr. Gilpin, member for Northampton, of his office as Secretary of the Poor-Law Board, will not_ vacate a seat. Mr. Gilpin was the only Dissenter in any conspicnous office under the CrowD, and almost the only Dissenter in any office. Why he resigned after six years is a mystery. The explanation is that he found his business engagements would no1"- allow him to perform the duties of his office; but as these duties onlv occupied him about two hours in a week, the explanation is, of course, only a blind. More natural is it that he wbb afraid of losing his seat at Northampton, which elected him for his outspoken Liberal politics, and has never beard bis voice raised as an independent member since they elected him. Lord Enfield succeeds Mr. Gilpin at the Poor- l Law Board. He is a moderately useful and res peel able man. Ecclesiastical matters are rather dull. Tbe eagerly-expected report of the Subscription ! Commissioners has made its appearance, and has disappointed every one. As a literary document the report, or rather the appendices to it, is valuable ; as a solution of i he difficulties of the subscription question it is generally . esteemed to be wcrthlesp. The gist of the j recommendations made is that, instead cf j saying that he " unfeignedly assents and con- i sents to all and everything" contained in the j Book of Common Prayer, a clergyman shall in future say that he "assenta" to it, and thut he will use it and no other. The Church journals have rejected the amendment with what I think will lie judged to be a wise firmness. They— the Guardian, tbe Clerical Journal, and the Churchman—for the Mecord has been discreetly sihnt on tbe merits of the report—say that there is no moral difference between this and the form now in use; that if a man assents" j he must " utifvigm d!y" assent, or he is a hypocrite; and that the condition of that man who says he assents, and who uses the Prayer book, and who does not, is not to be admired The Churchman thinks that if adopted the new form will only be a temptation to hypocrisy, and that, on the whole, the report j will he allowed to drop. It was hardly ! possible, perhaps, that tbe report should be j more decisive than it is, or that any recommeu- I dation favourable to any particular party j should have been made. The Commission was scrupulously fair, representing tbe heads of all parties in the Church—theTiighest, the lowest, and the broadest. Tbe Bishop of Oxford sat down with Archbishop Trench, and Bean Stanley, and Lord Ebury, and Mr. Venn. How could these gentlemen make a unani mous report that should be a step towards reform ? And not to make a unanimous re port would be to put their seal on the various divisions in the Church, and excite one of the hottest of ecclesiastical controversies. So they agreed to report an emendation not worth de bating. They also, by-the-by, recommend an alteration respecting simony, and a substitu tion of a declaration for the present oath, which looks not well. They advise, too, an enquiry into simooy; but what kind of j enquiry they do not say. The Government is j to be asked whether it intends to do anything i this session to carry out the recommendations J of this report; but I think the answer will be no. Convocation has sat for four days and been dis missed. The principal subjects discussed were j two—the increase ot Bishoprics and the Court of Final Appeal. It was agreed to ask the Crown to appoint three new Bishops—one for South wark, one for Yorkshire, and one for Cornwall. Last year Sir George Grey would not entertain a proposal for the appointment of even one, and it is scarcely likely, therefore, that he will consent to three. No Cabinet, in fact, cares to increase the number of Bishops, who trouble them enough already ; and besides where is the money to come from ? The debate on the question of the Court of Final Appeal in the Upper House, in the presence of four Bishops, was ably conducted by the Bishops of London and Oxford. Therehas been some surprise at its lame and impotent result. There was an expectation that the Bishop of I Oxford, after his out-of-door speeches on this j question, would say in Convocation what he , has said elsewhere and divide the House on j the question of the constitution of the present Court. But his speech was a very moderate one, and he Teiterated his belief in the su premacy of the Crown in ecclesiastical matters, which in the House of Lords last year he all but denied, and attempted to reduce it to a nonentity. The sole result of the debate was that certain petitions presented on the subject were ordered to lie on the fable, which moiion ! His Lordship of Oxford supported. In the Lower Boubb the question was just up, and Br. Jebb had just begun to speak, when down ' came the Messenger and prorogued them for three months. So the intending speakers had to collect their papers together and depart. By-the-by, a little sensation was created by presentation by Bean Stanley of a gravamen protesting against the action of Convocation last year in the matter of the " Essays and Reviews." The document, which was signed by several dignitaries, represented the behel of the petitioners that the act of Convocation was, if not illegal, unwarranted and calculated to do an injury. The paper was referred to a Committee. By-the-by, may J call your atten tion to an article by Dean Stanley iD the February number of Fraser, in which the present creed of the Broad Church party is clearly defined ? fhere is no public action on the part of Nonconformists. Mr. Hadfield has brought in his Bill on the qualification for offices; but it has been referred to a Committee. The cburch ratequestion sleeps, excepting in the Law_Courts and the parishes ; and the Oxford University reformers have not yet found a successor to Mr. Dod-on. I understand, however, that the " Liberation Society"—that bugbear of Bishops and Archdeacons—is on the point of considerably extending its operat oas and of increasing its strength, with a view to tell on the next general election, and afterwards on the new Parliament. We have had a relief from the general dul ness in public matters through some disagree able cirjumstances. There have been several I great burglaries in London ; and one at Mr. Walker's, a watchmaker in Cornhill, where watches, &c.;, to the value of £6,000 were stolen, has attracted immense attention and | caused great excitement. Mr. Walker had taken every means to prevent this kind of thing—had an opening in his shutters, and kept gas burning all night with a light thrown on the safe. Yet between a Saturday night and a Monday morning his shop was broken j into, the safe broken open, and itB whole con tents carried off. One and another smaller burglary followed this, and the outcry against the.citv police has in consequence been very laud. 'The matter has been discussed in the Corporation and at special public meetings. Last week one man was captured while selling some watch-springs, who evi dentlv had had some connection with the robbery, for two of the stolen watches were found in his possession, and on Friday the real burglars were apprehended, but by | the metropolitan, not the city police. This was three weeks after the robbery, and the | men could have got away if they had chosen. Some £1,600 worth of property was recovered and £800 cash. These men must be the boldest of their tribe, for they went through almost superhuman work to get into Mr. Walker's shop. There has also been a similar burglary in Manchester and a somewhat similar outcry. The result already appears in the increased"pay of the metropolitan police, in order to retain tbe good and get better men. We have lost by death three representative men—Cardinal Wiseman, Viscount Comber mere, and the Duke of Northumberland. The death of the first has been long anticipated. Ha l.ad been lingering for week'. His abilities and character have been the theme of all news papers during the last week, and, as usual, i more respect was yaid to the dead than was generally accorded to the living maD. All journals of all parties united in bearing testi mony to his high personal character, his great . sincerity and amiability, his scholarship, his j love of the arts, and his devotion to his religion. His funeral was the greatest that has taken place in England since tbe death of the Duke of Wellington. The ceremony was magnificent, and the funeral cortege, with its 60 mourning coachee, in form most imposing. The Cardinal was buried on Thursday last at Kensal Green Cemetery. The best memoir of him appears in the Daily Telegruph, and the best account of the funeral in the Morning Star. Viscount Combermere has been more than once supposed to be dead, from his having long dropped out of public life, yet, although he | was 98 years of age, he appeared in West-End society until very lately—a venerable, bent, but pleasant old gentleman, whom few would suspect to have been one of Wellington's great fellow-fighters. The Duke of Northumberland—a Percy— I ' has also died, and been buried with honours in the family vault in Westminster Abbey. Hej too. was an old roan, past 70 years of age. He was'a favourite of all sailors, and one of the best Admiralty men that we have had of late years. His wealth was enormous, and 1 his use of it princely. His benevolence is to | be reckoned by hundreds of thousands sterling; yet I suppose he has died the second richest I peer in England—inferior in that respect to the MarqniB of Westminster only. In France two matters have engrossed I attention, the Pope's Encyclical and the Emperor's speech on the opening of theL'gis- [ lative Chambers. The literary and episcopal j war with respect to the former subject has , been a very curious one. The B shop of | Orleans (Mr. Doparloup), who once com pared the Emperor to Pontius Pilate, has | written a pamphlet on the Convention and ■ the Encyclical. In this pamphlet he has ; fallen foul of the recent Italian measures, and he excommunicates a second time the King I of Italy, and treats with contempt the articles j of newspapers on a production of the Vice gerent of Christ. He says lie is not accustomed to see an encyclic of the Pope interpreted by a I Council of journalists. But it appears that j the Pope's production is too much even for the stomach of the Bishop of Orleans, which has hitherto been supposed to be capable of digesting anything sent from Rome. He therefore attempts elaborately to explain it away and to apologize for it. The Bishop has been followed by about half the episcopal bench of France, all and each protesting against ! the action of the Government in prohibiting the publication of the encj clical letter. The Biehop of Angoulerne thinks that modern ideas about " liberty, duty, and society" are " pitiable and shocking," and that if they were generally believed in they would reduce all Europe into a " field of carnage, abominations, and horrors." Coming upon this appeared first a letter from M. Cuigi, the Papal Nuncio at Paris, in which the pamphlet of the_ Bishop of Orleans was honoured by a special approval. This has made tbe question a diplomatic one, and M. Chigi has been compelled to express to the Emperor his regret at having written such ; a letter—a compulsion to which he w»s bound ■ by orders from Rome. Next Cardinal Ante- I nelli appeared upon the stage; he addressed, | seeing the mischief which the Encyclical was | producing, a letter to all the representatives of | the Vatican at foreign Courts, which stated that the censures pronounced by the Pope were not accompanied by any theological definitions, and that the meaning^ of the censures must be sought for in the encyclicals, apostolic letters, and allocutions which are alluded to in con nection with every one of the propositions condemned. This may be very well and msy do for the public at large, who cannot read Latin and do not care to hunt up musty records ; but to scholars it only makes the mutter worse, for the documents to which Antonelli refers are infinitely worse than the Encyclical itself. It is now generally agreed that the Pope committed a blunder in publishing his letter, and one which will never be re trieved- Here it has been made the subject of lectures and sermons; and in France, I am told, the customary way of referring to it is an expressive shrugg of the shoulders, and an equally expressive pointing o'f the finger of the left hand over the corresponding shoulder. As for the Emperor, it has been worth a successful campaign against Some. The Emperor's speech was a Tery charac teristic one. He spoke' of the foreign success of France, and told the people how she bad succeeded in all her enterprises. He weighed an even balance between Denmark end Ger many, and he settled in language the Italian question. He said with respect to the latter subject that "the Pontifical territory, safely guaranteed, finds itself placed under the pro tection of a treaty which eolemuly binds the two Governments. Mexico, Japan, and Africa came under review, and then the Emperor said that France, closing the temple of war, may with pride inscribe on a new triumphal arch these words:—" To the glory of the French armies, for the victories achieved inEurope, in Asia,in Africa, and in America " The part of the speech, how ever, which attracted most attention was that referring to the relations subsisting between the Empire and the Catholic Church. The Emperor said, with respect to the latter :—"But the more we surround it with respect and deference, the more do we reckon that it will respect the fundamental laws of the State. It is my duty to maintain intact the rights of the civil powers, which since the days of St. LoaiB no sove reign in France has ever abandoned." This por tion of the speech was vehemently cheered. The remainder was devoted to commercial and legal matters, in which a liberal policy was defended. The whole is looked upon as a clever indication of the Emperor's intention to main tain his present grouud, to hold in check the Papacy, and to pursue the policy of military and-commercial aggrsnd<z meat. The preface to the Imperial Life of Lassar, which appears in all our newspapers to-day, is, as regards the former subject, to the same effect. The Emperor looks upon Caesar, Charlemagne, and Napoleon I. as the great lights of the world, and considers that tbey were intended to point to the national policies of a people. If so, the national policy of France is not peace, but constant war. By-the-by, the Emperor is said to be very anxious about the reception of his book, and it is said that praise of it will be more acceptable than praise of his Govern ment. The Kingdom of Italy has received two shocks—one political, and one—what shall I say, geological? By the first the King was driven from his capital at Turin. Perhaps the circumstances can best be told in the narrative of an eye-witness—the correspondent of the Times. After various minor demonstra tions, the intention of which was to express the disapprobation ef the Turineans with the Convention, a general mark of disapproval was made on the occasion of a Court ball. The Times correspondent says:—" lhe occupants ol the vehicles that drove through it were greeted with groans and BhriU whistling. In fantry and cavaliy were on duty in small bodies; 2,000 National Guards had been called out and were under arms. It is quite certuin that the disturbance was concerted beforehand, and not provoked on the inBtant. As the arrivals of carriages became more numerous the noise and violence of the crowd, which had become very large, increased, and the people no longer contented themselves with groans and catcalls. Stones were thrown, although apparently in nu great numbers, forW I know only of two carriage- windows that were struck by them, and only one of those was broken. Getting gradually more audacious, the peoplestopped several carriages and turned them back. It is impossible to ascertain in hoi# many cases this occurred, and it is probable that some of the ladies who were going to the ball retreated of their own accord, when they heard of what was going on near the Palace and the ordeal they would have to encounter. Be this bs it may, violence was used in several instances. The drivers of vehicles were pelted and struck at to make them turn back, and it is said that in some few instances carriagr doors were opened and the occupants abused. The mob was composed in great part of persons manifestly beat on mischief. Net a few of these were of the belter classes. All accounts concur in sayhfg that an unusual number of priests were abroad, and no doubt exists'that the clerical party were the chief promoters of the disturbance." At this crisis the National Guard was called out, but the order given to it to clear the ground was not obeyed, but a third warning bad a proper effect. Meantime the ball went on as follows:—" The Diplomatic Corps mustered strong, and the members of the Cabinet of course were there, and there were an immense number of officers of the army and some of the National Guard, but the Piedmontese nobility, with extremely few ex ceptions, kept away, and the dearth of ladies was deplorable. A hint had been given to the Deputies to attend, and some went on that account who would otherwise have stayed away, but still the muster was poor. Hardly any Piedmontese Deputies or Senators were present, and I am informed that not a single member cf the Town Council attended. The King remained, as iB his custom, till towards midnight. He cannot be otherwise than much annoyed, and rumour says that he de clared he would accelerate his departure from Turin and never retcrn." The next day the Eing bade good-by to Turin in great anger, and went to Florence, where he was enthusiastically received. However, his anger has not lasted long, and after repeated expressions of penitence from the people he has returned, and been very cordially welcomed. The ereut has, of course, made " a sensation." The other shock is an old and ever-recur ring one. Etna and Vesuvius have again burst out, and both are doiog some damage, but at present not much. The other Continental news is unimportant, if Bussia be accepted, where the Emperor baa lectured the nobles for proposing a popular * assembly, and hinted veiy plainly that the Government is entirely in bis own bands, and that the initiation of all measures of reform must be left to him. Greece is in the usual state of anarchy. The King is either not well served, or be is peculiarly unfortunate. His uncle lately visited him, and took affairs in his hands with a view to oust the Ministiy, but the King ended his injudicious intrigues by eending bim out of the kingdom. We have the old state of things in Prussia—much talk and nothing done—and in Austria and Borne, where the finances are not in the best condi tion. And, notwithstanding the Times and Lord Palmerston, the Suez canal is to be opened, and has already been partially opened. The American news leaders record some unexpected steps for obtaining a peace. It having been understood that the South was willing to send Commissioners to treat for a cessation of hostilities, the President and Mr. Seward went to Fort Monroe to meet them, and there, the steamers of the two parties being anchored side by side, the Conference took place. This step having failed, President Davis has addressed an immense mass meeting at Bich mond, in which he dilated on the arrogance of the North, and called on all the people to take arms. There is a general impression, however, that peace is not far distant, although both armies are again buckling on their armour. The second most important news is the pas sage cf the Anti-Slavery Amendment or the American Constitution, which has gone through the American Legislatures by the legitimate majority of twe-thirds. The JBoston Advertiser writes on this as follows:—"Our despatches by telegraph this morning announced the pas sage yesterday, by the House of Bepresentatives, of the amendment to the Constitution of the United States, prohibiting slaveiy. This great measure passed the Senate at the last session, but failed at that time to obtain the necessary two-thi ds in the House—the vote standing 93 for the measure and G5 against it, and 23 members not voting. Kept in suspense during the recess by a motion to reconsider, it has now obtained more than the required number of votes in a House which has been further enlightened on the true position of this great question by seven additional months of war. There can be 'no doubt that this amendment will receive the sanction of the requisite number of States, and that thus, in this furnace- heat of civil discord, we shall lay the foundation, not only of a durable and gracious peace, but of that free republic to which our fathers, disap pointed in their own day, looked forward as the boon promised by a glorious future. The success cl° this great measure will bo the crowning event of the war, and indeed of the century; and, as we believe, it will ensure for the nation and for humanity that great con summation which, four years ago, the judicious dared not hope to see in their own generation, and which ages to conic shall pronounce the sufficient reward for the fiery trial through which our country is r.ow passing.5' The separate States are now, one after another, confirming this amendment; and no doubt by this time the Union is free by its law from the blot of slavery. I need not enlarge on this important event. Military operations have been on a small scale. Mobile is threatened by Thoraap, and will probably be taken; and b.uh Wilmington and Charleston are threatened by Sherman, who lias already occupied an important post at Branchville, where he commands all the rail way lines, both to Charleston and the interior. There have been skirmishes by Grant with Lee, but nothing has come of theai. The ball, however, seems now to be in the hands of the Kortb, who are prosecuting the war with redoubled vigour. N.xt month you may expect to hear of more successes from Sher man. 