TAROOM. To the Editor of the D. D. Gazette. Sir — Knowing that your valuable paper is ojieii at all times to give publicity to anything that liny interosl the welfare of the community at larg-% I beg to cull your particular attention, iw also thivt of. the pioper authori ties, to the creat want of a Police Magistrate Resident here or in this district. Persons having to travel twenty or thirty mile; before they can get a summons signed, and then tbe J. P. may not be at home, — causing the constabulary and many other parties to ride over half the country — therefore giving offenders many chances of escape. I do not know for what reason the Government do not appoint us a police magistrate, ns many other townships not so old as Taroom, nor where one is so innch required, have one — pucb as Roma, Surat, &c.; Hoping that I have not trespassed on your valuable journal, and that tbe authorities may see the necessity of our requirements. I remain, yours, ic, JUSTITIA. Taroom, September 22, 1SG5. A RKir OoLn-riEin. — The discovery of new gold-Gelds in this colony is almost a matter of frequent occurrence, judging from the many reports which arrive by every steamer from the North. The latest intelligence we have received is that an auriferous field exists in proximity to Eeclbottom Creek, which is situated twenty miles north east of the Crown Lands Commissioner's of fice, north of the Kennedy, and about seventy miles west-north -west from To vnsville, Cleveland Buy. The field is snpposed to be of very large extent, namely, from the head of the Panning River to that of the Star River ; a distance taken north and south of fifty miles, and east and west between the Coast Range and tbe Burdekin. Yesterday, a nugget was received in town from the new field weighing about three ounces. It was sent down by Mr. Commissioner O'Connell, and no donbt will be submitted to public inspection. Another field reported in our telegraphic columns some days ago, has been opened on the Dee River, within fifteen miles of Rockhampton. Great excitement has been caused in that town, and we have been informed that a large rush has taken piace from it — Cornier. Con. Fodrd nuR Roma. — A ray fine specimen of coal from the Bungil Creek, about fifty miles above Roma, may be seen at the office of the Guardian to- day. Mr. bTOowiU, the gentleman who sends it, informs as that the specimen is broken from a block 80 inches by SO, and by 10 ; n we conclude that tt most be bom a good seam. Perhaps Mr. VDowaU would be good enough tq institute a search, and favour as with a some what falter description. We have eubmitted tbe apeci mea to two pnotfui genOemen, and they agree in their opinion. Sooteh reader* will understand the character of the mineral, whea we tell them that it closely re sembles the bast Wishaw cod. ItisaeeoddeaalwBse faoMual; bat its ateaa-ixoaaclac power is twtu great ?i the Burrmn coal, toe qualities of which we described the other day. This is a yaj Taloahle dtseorerr, aad. whentbe railway peaetnMs to Bam, will be fmmdto be both to the Government and the people « great beta. Pekbioss to Colosial Govrrhobs.— An ' Act to J authorise tbe payment of Retiring Pensions to Colonial Governors' was pasted by the Imperial Parliament, and ] assented to on the 5th July last. Tbe fall rates of pen- ,' won are— £1000 for officers who have for at least four i years administered the Government of any colom or ' colonies at a alary of not less than £50011 ; £750, ' whore the salary is not Its than £2,500 ; £500, where tbe salary is not less ihan £1200 j an.l £250 in other cases. Tlie reduced rate is two- thirds of the full rate : ' the full rato of |«nsiun will Iw granted to orlicers wily ' years of :ige, after administering government for eighteen years, or administering for ten years, nnd been ! otherwise employed in tbe permanent civil service for periods amounting, in the whole, to twenty-five years ; or who shall be invalided after fifteen yean' administra tion of government. Reduced rates of pension will be granted to persons of thn age of sixty who, affo-r having attained tbe age of forty, shall have administered go vernment for twelve years, or for eight years and have otherwise l«en employed in tbc permanent civil Eorvira in the whole for twenty years, or who ahull U, invalided after n dmin/fteriDg government fnr ten yoars. There are thirteen clauses altogether in His Act, un» ot whMi Appears intended to admit Mr. Lntruhe, tbe former Lieutenant-Goveruor of l'ort Phillip, to tb» benj&l; of this measure. Rumoured Chance op Mutistrt.— \Yp alluded in our last issue to a paragraph in the Courier, stating tliat ii rumour was afloat to the effect that startling changes in the Government were alwiit to be made. We expressed strong doubts as to the nrauracy of tho rejwrt, and which have been confirmed by the following slaiomcjt by the Guardian, which carries with it nn ni.- or authority. — 'Our contemporary printed two day*' aji, a paragr.ipli regarding certain ruinourod Chang's iu thr Ministry. Wo havo reason to believe that tin' only par ticle of truth contained in it. hn* been kmiwn for some lime in well- informed political rirclrs. K is vn-y »vll known that Mr. Ilerlwrt intends visiting E:i;rlnnil, on family matters only, probably within, til? next twi- lve months ; but ho will return to Queoiu.taml, where be in known to have roniiideriibli: investment!!, when those niallera :iro arranged. We need scarcely s:iy, that the other part k of the paragraph are without' foii'iiilntinn in trutli . It is not f.ir us to say that, chang.-.i, nf n political nature, will not lake place during the long period of twelve months, lull at the present moment, tho iil«vc may lie relied iinon as ilia true state of allUir.i.' Wheat Qrowivo at Wap.wick.— A gcntli'innn in this pity, having the l»'«t opportunities of wiving nc ciirate information on the miIjj-m, kindly fgnv.irds tin! following nr.lc, tthivh wo vlm Move our mvlors :- ' 1 have bwn informed that Mr. Clark, nf Warwick, is understood t-- have puid lor wheat during tho p:i*l year, not less thin £1 .1,0110. This, at Ss piii bushel, gives 37,500 bushels, whi.ih, with sood whea!, nnd other sales, would givfl something like 4n,000 b:i?hols from (pro bably) 2,000 acres of land under «h.il crop. The pro duce of wheat is, therefore, uiors thau many people tup pose,' — Guardian. Tiis WKATrinn AsnCiiors.— Tho wantof rain is se verely felt around Warwick. The wheat is chiefly in that state that a continuance of tho present dry weather will cause the grain to shrink, and deteriorate the quality ami quantity of the harvest materially. The j;i-asK in being scorched owing to its having lienn si young and fresh when the hot weather sot in, and unless we have rain soon the stock must suffer. Tim weather lias threatened on several occasion.?, heavy Ibundcr-clutids hanging almnl, but day nflor day has liaise 1 without the anxiously-desired rain. — W. Argus. Mr. Justice Lutwvoiie ox Tun liLAcns. — At the Rockhampton Assizes, a Uackfcllow was tried for a murderous assault on Mr. Graham a squatter. Mr. lilnkcney addressed tho jury for the prisoner. He des erihod it as n very Mrnnge caw, and that one-half the outrages perpetrated by Mm blacks wp.ro to be ascribed to the ill-treatment of their 'gins' by the white men. This war, one of that elas.~ ; and the prisoner hail, under feelings of jealousy, certainly attempted to fright™ Mr. Graham, biittherc was nothing to show that be intruded grevious bodily harm. His Honor, in summing up, pointed out to the jury that they had nothing to do with the motives, but, with fact. Coupling tbe facts a3 deposed too by Mr. Graham, with the words used by the prisoner, it was for the jury to judge of the intent to murder or Jo grievous bodily harm . He had heard with pain and regret tlieouscrvatioos maJe u«eof hy the learned counsel in defence of the prisoner. lie made them, no doulit, conscientioufily. He stated that nine- tenths of the outrages committal in the colony were to be as cribed to the illtreatineut of the ' gins' by tbe white men. That might be Mr. Blakeney's impression ; it certainly was not bis, nor the impression of those who best knew the tlaeks.— Maryborough Chronicle. Upper Wamiiko.- A subscriber of the Q. Timci writes:— 'Until you can press the Government into ruuning a mail into this part of tho country, it is pre cious little use my taking a paper. It is now nearly three months since I got a mail from Forrest Vale, from which post-offioB I am 20') miles, a very nice distance for nil the people in the Cpprr Wan-ego, Nive, and Waul, to have to send for the lcttprsa.nl papers. After twelve months' hard pressing, the Government have started a mail on to Cliarlevillb, the metropolis of the Warrcgo. This is only 120 miles from me, sol may gel n mail a little ofteuer. At Cliarleville we bnve n Commissioner, who is also Tolice Magistrate, but until the other day no constable for the- whole district. Now we have one, but no lock-up, no Ciwt-liouse of course, aud this in tln- 'Never Never,' where all tbe rowdy characters congregate. In consequence of having no mail communication with. Ipswich, no one takes one of your papers ; and as they arc always sent on by travellers and left here, there, and everywhere, at any place the man pulls up at, you inay imagine how many I receive when the mail docs arrive. On the Bnreoo, further out they get the Itockbampton mail all through, bo you nee none but Kockhampton papers.' Plecho -PKEUxnin* is Stpskt. — Mr. W. A. Mus grave writes to the 8. II. llcraM ns follows- I wish to call your attention to a fact which exists at the present moment in Sydney, and which is of tho most vital im portance to every man, woman, and cliitit in the com munity, namely : The meat of cattle tliat arc suffering from pleuro- pncumonia bdng actually soM by the but chers, and eaten by the public daily. Half the cattle, sir, that come into this market have this disease on them, and one of the peculiar features of the disease h that it does not affect the appearance of the meal so as to bo noticed except to those who arc practically acquainted with it. Now, sir, here is a pretty state of things, and I lielieva we litre such an officer as an Inspector of Slaughter-houses. If one is not able to perform his duty properly lot us have more of them. Now is the time to tike prompt and decided measures, and any butcher (whether he be carcase or retail) if found selling diseased meal should be made an example of.' Irswrcn Christmas Racei— Although the pro gramme issued by the Stewards of the Ipswich Christ inas meeting is more liberal than any of its predecessors, up to the presenttime but little intent appears to be felt, and there are an unusually small number of nags in train ing, although the Brisbane meeting comes off on the 12 th and 13th of next month, when prizes to the value of £300 will be competed for, and horses will be able to put in an appearance at both places. The bill of fare for our own meeting is certainly enticing, and contains some novelties which we think are also improvements. The different events are thrown open to all horses, in stead of being restricted to those who have never won an advertised prise, as, with the exception of one race, was f onneriy Uie ease ; and the Town Plate has been made a. handicap, which ought to ensure a larger 6eld of horses than when it was a weight-forage raw. The Queensland Turf Club having Assumed tbe ma nagement of the Metropolian Meeting, it is to be hoded something like order will he preserved, and fair play shown to owners and their hones from other places ; otherwise no one will run the risk of en countering the ruffianism of the uncontrolled blackguard mob that disgraced the Brisbane course by their be haviour last Christmas. Among the few horses at pre sent in training is a promising colt of Mr. Hanran's, by Victor, out of Day and Night, by Immigrant. This is a very 6ne colt, and will ran as a 2-year old. Mr. Thompson's stables, where we have been accustomed to look for our cracks to uphold tbe honour of Queensland, has now nothing but a young Pitsford chernut, out of Maid of Australia. Our old favourite. Miss Piteford, who after her accident was raffled in Sydney and won by Mr. Ryan, having brought her late owner only £100, is quoted ss s favourite for Uie Sydney Cup at the next Bandwtck Autumn Meeting, at 600 to 25. Her own brother, Prince Rupert, was raffled last evening, Mr. Biehtid Barter, of Brisbane-afreet, being the lucky winner. Mr. Devine't beantffld little mare, Mia Horwood, is in training; and PUnnery is brfagtog mt ouroldacqaaintanocNoBsaBh, aswell aia jvaageottol (we believe) Mr. Bigge's bnedLtad White Stocks, the hurdle hone. Chum and Madoapare ufcrtfisam of Cqnningfcam; than are also a few how* Ho* tainedinBdsna»e1-V-«»ay be apt&A; Is CnapsS at beth Metis*. ,We Mat niW.ax a^nrSkt wsJaw that the wlsjltn far the frwrfck If flgf S tan VUtt ctoe eatte 1st, «ai those far thaTattar assi 'Qmemtomtfmtt, AtiCLTEBiTioir or Spikiti.— He MdbonrM Jr.m ' ??- contains tbe followiu paragraph, wfcieU gives sofc» ii»* ' of the adulteration carried on with spirit* ' i-u:v si im ported' .—At the District Court, oa die 26th ia?an', Reuben flart, grocer and spirit merebaot, 22 U '.r'l: dale-dtreet East, was complained against . f.ir eftl'tu; n.lulterated (-jHriLi. About a fortBigbt ago fo ir -m Cn ? of spirit— gin, trhuky, old torn, and brandy- ... '«..', - tiiiued from defendant'* shop by Sergeant Aodic- -. ai i submitted to Dr. Keild, acting-officer of faeaUh ; v tii - City of Melbourne, for analysis. Dr. Ifeflil fr.;i ? i lH.i;. three of these samples were very badly rulnlUi.w ?? I aa I unfit for nse. The gin was 137 below proof, mlirr, believed by the analyist to be a compound ??)' ;-'? ? spirit, fusil oil, and salt and water. Thel.-... iv f.i 10-3 below proof, bad nothing of tbe qualities ?'' i-u ?? brandy, was pungent and irritating to tbe taste., a .-I wii eouiiiJcred to Le composed of potato spirit :m I v.-a. .-, flavoured with fusil oil, and slightly coloured Vi.!; Vn-.-i sugar. The whisky was nearly as bad; and l'i ? i!r«-i kinds were calculated to be highly injurious !- V.il' 'i. An information against defendant was ftocordin 'i . la: ? I njion each of these three samples. Tbe dcr.-.i ' ?..! '. that the spirits, as sold to the officer, were in ]-i . ;..-: ? tbe same condition as when purchased by deF.i'. . ii'. a. per certificates of sale produced. The brandy v i ,li -!i;',« out of bond in cases, and the gin was pnrchas'l :t' -i i' tion. Mr. Ilaekott remarked that it was k.'II !...-??' i that much of tbe spirit retailed in the town v..-- .,i v ,? laJ quality, nnd that its use tvss highly -lelii.u*'i' i! : . health. It was rather strange that three -HnVi n k,,\\\, 'if very impure spirits should uave lieeu f.-.I I U .m., denier ; but after the evidence as to defend i ;'.'- :?; - elinse of the goods, tbe Bench thought tbe defi t- .? v i. » valid one, and dismissed the case. Siir. of Prize Cattle.— On Wcdnealay IV- v.-m sold at Willis's Dooms a collection of articliv, t: ?' :-.ii.: productions in their way, and the result c'. ? .tr-vi inJiistry and skill. Twelve sold for £6»10 Hi-:» i ?. fur an average of i:TAi 10a each. Five sold f u J. !;?'.- 1 Ha -that is for an average of £333 I8s ra.-!i. T''i .?wcingo of the whole seventeen woe J64S1 '* --a -ii What could these Ik ? First class picturet : \/..i ?'?? ? . '. ?' high nit !' Monies ! Mamiaciipts 1 Th.-v i. \ :-.S bi-ciilhed. They were short- homed cattlr. 'i'V t.. I. .? were ciwk, the five bulls. Tbcy were animal ; o' :i v-'!i.' ? ra.ee. The catalogue i.; like a bit from ii ' '!'? i-i :',' .-'iving the pedigreo of each (iraod Duchess ??.? t iv, I: Duke for o iloirn or o score generations. M.'. I'^t-. ot' Pi-estoiiliall, Kent, has st'rurml the whole bei-d «r ?? . i.-in I Duehcsse.i.' The '? Uraii'l Dukes' are v;a :-:??, ?:? ? grandest of nil passiug, for COO guineas, to I'.:.- i:..1. ? of Devonshire. The splendour of such an cv.'u :-', ... t palt's the strongest blaze that can lie got up l.y A ;ri '. lural Societies. TIitc is no such test of vslii.-, i;.-, s.- .* triumphef euierpri.se as that which i» obtain'. ?. .:.i.:t shows, nnd judges, nnd prizes, iu the nuc;'..i l'i.: llfire is a plain commercial proof of what can i»- i .'.,?, and bow far we have advanced, upon our fo:1. .'.ili.-v. i:i I he important, matter of kine. But it also |. ..... t;, difficulty of the work, the necessity of scicii ?«? ::.l :l; npe.1 of agriculturists educated for tbeir prof ?.'?-. t»;i. is almost tempted to ask whether, with eu- !i ?..??'h':» in.IueemcnLs, nnd riicIi a reality of sucecs.-, :i. ~i!.... remains to be done by Societies. But the tru.:! i , H i ? the lireeilers of theso magnificent animals i :. . -:.p ' invite every aid which -xuu raise the RCiei;*.' -f l:;- bandn'. As:-,ociations have confessedly done i.ui !i, . I are duinj much, tliough apt to say, more ths i IV y ?! ??. They create the tafto and skill which appnvi.'i Vi- r useful prodigies. They have raised the f.i:-^ ? t!i.' selects the ri^ht liiw.l, and gives it the right !..:..',. J.i^t iioh such a Society, one of tbe oldest in tbe \\-.\,i:j, '..i.n, is hoKling its anniversary, withgery little pom ' a I V . in tbe province of one of our favonrite l.i :- ii ill' city nf Hei-cfonl ; and even by the side of th ??? . :ii .oil at Willif's Rooms, its quiet routine is nol j.:. ^ :' ;-. uninteicstirg. Sfunxv on lioAnn or Fiedkhis Anc«. - A. f ??'.?'.:) maiitime d«\ma. is beginning to exdU iBtrrr* i'i 1'Vanee. The Foaleris Area left Cette on &?* &A; vi inw, 1804, with a cargo of coal nnd spirit- f-.v \\-» Craz. The crew were veiy insubordinate. Tii ; -_' i,-:.-i.in.. nnmed Richebonrg, exercised little authority -???*?? ;':.«:.:; but the mate, Auliert, was very severe. Thii fu}., al&l; the crew against him, and, they deiunn::,!- i mi veng»jaee. On the evening of Die 8th of Jul..-, v!imi in the vicinity of the Cape de Verd Islands, t'n-j ful! on Auberl, and stabbed him repeatedly with f o'.vi-.-.'j ; tie weapons were bent. Aul«rt, in Bpite of hi-: vkt!:, made a desperate resistance, but he was knc.-Ut-J -!,-..? n by a blow fmm an iron bar, and then flung in! i 11:- :n. By incredible enorts, however, he climbed up i'.-.o tide of the ship, but he was again sciied, throv n in'.o the water, and drowneil. Captain Bicbelwnrg li.wing l«-tn attiacted to tbe spot by the noise of the fray, v. :u then seized, and niter tbe mate bad been disp.-.-A] ut' i'.u crew began ill-treating him. He ImptorcJ thcui t - spare Ins lite, and reminded them of the kindueFs with, winch lie IiaH always treated them. Hut lk.-;. hs.it him. mvagi-ly anil be accordingly prayod them to kill h;m. without making him sufl'er. They threw hii.i ii.'o the. sea. He swam nfter the ship until his sl'cn^-h .'a-M him, nud he then cried, 'Well, good l.yea:il .i j-lc«.inf. voyage ; but you will be hanged,' and lie urnt ilo'vn.' * The men then began quarrelling among Uictwclw, nn-l at length turned against the oook. The lliH'-r, fearing to lie lulled, jumped into the sea and v,-n^ d.-r^nol. When, af'er a few days, the men became cnmiv.vhat so ber, they dclilwrated to Bink the ship and UtV-. Lo Lha boats. This was done. They tben agreed t ?. i-!a!.--lliai, the ship had sprung a leak, and the water li.id gai-i^.l s i. fast that she had to be nbondoncd, :ni I 111-' men immediately took to the boats, ml Ilia'., th captain and mate having stayed the last on hoir.l, w :a'. down iu the ship. They further agreed that if r.ny:.. e contmJicted this story, he.slwuld be put to ilca'li by the othcrsi After a while the men were piclind up by a Danish ship, and taken to the Cape de Verd Islands. Thence they were conveyed to Brest in. the M'njc of the Imperial Navy. They told the tele lie? la 1 agreed upon, and it was credited. But,, before long, a cabin Iny, named Chicot, who had returned to- Kanter, bia. native place, was observed to be low and -i-]ionr!in^, nml on being quedtioned, he stated what lia.l taken, place. Inquiries were instituted, and t!ie auiboritica found reason to believe that the I.ov'b talc wv? true. Onlers were immediately given to arrest the men ; and after a while, one named Carbuccia was taken nt. ]Uar seiiles ; another, named Lenead, was af teiwards rap tured at Antwerp ; and a third, named Thessault, wps recently arrested at Havre. The others urc now being, sought after. — Core's Adrcrtitcr, July 13. A FENitB Doctor. — A SmAKOE Sions.— Aa inei; dent is just nor.1 being discussed in. mjlitmy circles si cxtraordinar;,-, that were not its trulh capable of being vouched for by official authority, tbe narration woulj. certainly be deemed absolutely incredible. Our officers quartered at the Cape between fifteen and twenty years, ago may rememlier a certain Dr. Barry, attached to the medical staff there, and enjoying a reputation for con siderable skill in his profession, especially for firmness, decision, and rapidity in difficult operations. This gentleman had entered the army in 1813, bad passed, of course, through the grades of assistant-surgeon and sur geon in various regiments, and had served as such in various quarters of the globe. His professional require ments had procured for him his promotion to the staff si the Cape. He was clever and agreeable, save for the drawback of a most quarrelsome temper, and an inordi nate addiction to argument. He was excessively plain, of feeble proportions, and laboured under (he imperfec tion of a ludicrously squeaking voloe. Any natural 'chaffing' with regard to these, how?ver, especially roused his ire, but was at length discontinued on bis ' calling out' a persevering offender, and shooting htm through the longs. About 1840 hebecame promoted to. be medical inspector, and was transferred to Malta,. There he was equally distinguished, by his skill and. by his pugnacious propensities, Uie latter beeomiagao in- conveniently developed upon the sUgktest difference of opinion with Mm, that at but no. cotiee was allowed.' t» be taken of bis 6te of temper. He proseedad, fran Malta to Corfu, where he was quartered for many Tears, still conspicuous for the same peculiarities^ Wnen oar Government ceded tbe Ionian Island* to Greece, and our troops, of ooorae, quitted die territory, Or. Barry elected to leave the army and take m hi. maileawter the rest ot bis days at Corfu. He there KtA ?boat a month ago. and upon his death waadiaovrerea to be* woman! Very probaUytbedJseorerjww decided dar ing Uic naUral preparations for fstement, bmt there »crastobeuidear/i«vabnttlii*tttherTOtanrd«r!s« '.f !-* ™ — . - *r tttiit -irrtrhir Irrmaiiii twiffiilaff after bis (tor we most itfll ate the aiMaMlia-') 4«alh. . be had begged to be buried wlthos* *mt*mc!tm*Z aminaUonofanyaort. Ttfa, aaast Bkajr. «sdy Hisf 8- the«rio«i^oftiietwo- inMwWtl^MUariarb wastoUu«itameUi,tMti*csMlNr««flSl«fa- terjrisowing. ffnder ti» Cb^saaslwa, «M sst* Ma deemed aofaiporburt ttart «w«e«l toMmim) *mH&H; k»»w.rf thhytr^ttoar, ^w,. M*.»jt*WME^ tsSBBBBBBsA SBBs\ aBHIa^BA VMBh^SkK^^MBflalasSBBBK^^'^ 