METEOROLOGICAL OBSERVATIONS, (Taken at 9 a.m.) Brisbane, October 8.-Barometer, * thermometer, 80 ; wind, S.W. ; force, 1 ; cloud, 0 ; weather, fine. PIE A cr.-In June, 1864, tho French merchant ship Foderis Arco sailed from Cetteo for Vera Cruz. On the voyage, when off the Capo de Verds, the crew mutinied and attacked the mate, (Aubert) with cutlasses. Tie struggled bravely, though mortally wounded, but was thrown overboard. The captain (Rochburg) was aleo attacked. Ho quietly asked tho crew what he had done to displease themt and even reminded them of his kind and considerate nonduct towards them. They said he was to die. He replied that he would ask them a favour, and that was to kill him without eu flor- in Whereupon they threw him overboard. He ewam for eome distance after thc vessel, which was going at a slow rate, and was heard to say before he sank 41 Eh bien bon voyage ! You will cut your own throats." These murders satisfactorily accomplished, the bar- rels of spirituous liquors were brought on deck, and the orgie which ensued ended in the cook committing suicide by leaping over the bulwarks into thc sea, to escape the fate of lieutenant ! Aubert. The carpenter waB given the command of the Tewel, anda paper signed by the crew, which bouud each to secreay on pain of death. 1 It suddenly occurred to some of these worthies that u little cabin-boy might betray them. They I desired him to throw a bucket over (ho side. While tlte child wi>B lenniiig over the bulwark 1 to oxéente tho order, he was thrown overboard. Tho unfortunate child swam after the vessel for some distance, und only sank from exlmtistiou. Kor want of wind the ship WUB becalmed. A. Danish vessel picked up tl ie crew, and landed them at Cupe Verd. There a French man-of war, thc Mogue, took them on board ond brought them to Brest, where the inquiry was instituted. The mon kept to the same Btory that the ship had sprung a leak, that the captain, Grst lieutenant, and cabin-boy, having gone down below while the crew were getting tho boals ready to secure the ship's napers, chrono- meters, Arc, were lost, thc bli ip having suddenly gone down. The court were satisfied with this story, and dismissed the men. They have, however, been again arrested, on the confession of one of the crew. FATAL ACCIDENT ON BOAED TITO ADAMANT. Au unfortunate accident occurred on board the Adamant, olf Kanguroo Island, which ca«t a sudden gloom over thu pillingers and crew just as they were enjoying their first Bight of land. A clear though suerinct narrntive of it is given in tho report referred to. The writer, after de- scribing how the passengers crowded to the ship's side to citch the first sight of land, proceeds thus:-" The wind had been fresh all night and grad nully increasing, blowing a point or two townrdf land, when ull nt once tho maintop* gallant-RtnysaiMieef, whirh is secured midships, and which generally lies along the bulwark when the sail is slack, came up with a jerk as the sail filled precipitating a poor woman brad- ions into thc water, tn the utter consternation of 1 lie spectators, male and female, who hap ppiH-d to he collect rd in forre looking at the pam bois of a hut talion of porpoises alongside. The doctor, sailors, boatswain, and mates had over and over again warned t lie immigrant« of Iii«- risk thpy ran sitting on lbw sheets. Mr. Kamfar, tho chief mat«-, who is every inch a se illili, hail a buoy »I now from tho poop wit Ititi a few fool ol' lin* drowning woman, und was hiiiiH-lt' mid live men down in the qunrler-bout tu the rescue in lots than livo minutes aflcr. The cry of some one ororboard soon went round the »hip. Tlie doc!or, who ia alway* at his host, run fir lu's -j Iiis* tu wat fd tin' bout, first ruslrueling dis iitieudaut lo have fomci wann wn( IT H nd reslorativtfs ready. Captuin Conster* dim» hud promptly thrown tho Teasel to when Mr. ff ai Jinn y lc lt with (fie boat, but from the heavy swell running inshore and inereasud violence of tho g:ilo, this was neither a Bafts nor easy operation. After an interval of some hourtj we di-wovcrod thc boat for au instant about a gunshot astern, und could guess that tiley liad been unsuccessful in un erruud upon which, without a in o ui i'll t's hesitation, they luid so nobly hazarded their lires. The sea run so high HO one could expect the boat to come near the ship without hoing dashed to pieces. Mr. Ru m nay, dripping wei, and standing in ibo stem holding thc tiller-ropes, noticed the pre- dicament, und eh ou ted to us to let ropes down tho side for the men to hold by if the boat went. This was most fortunate as it turned out. Next minute she was under the quarter, and the hooks from the davits in the rings ; but as they were drawing her up one of the hooka gare way, and if all hands had not had hold of tho ropes they must have been drowned. With the assistance of those in tho ship all managed to crawl on deck, more dead than alive, and the bout was, with some trouble, pulled up by the attached end without much injury. The un- fortunate woman's name, we understand, was Rose Morgan, and it was reported she had some £15 of lier husband's savings sewed in her etaye." -S. A. Register, October 18. 