MONDAY, JUNE 19, 1865. The repeated failure of . the Penin- sular and Oriental Company to discharge their part of the postal contract Yvith' these colonies, threatens to exhaust our patience, and calls loudly for the in- terference of the Legislature. The irre- gularity that has characterized the de- livery of the mails through, the current year is particularly provoking. Just as the disturbances in the centres of European politics intensify the interosfc of every item of news, just as punc- tuality becomes | more than ever a virtue, the arrival of tho Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamships be- comes more than over ""punctual. While all the Yvorld is absorbed in the great questions that threaten to involve it in a general conflagration, Yvhile we are anx- iously aYvaiting the solution of those' international problems on the issues of Yvhich our own security depends, yvo are compelled to modify our curiosity to suit the sailing poYvers of the crazy vessels that these eminent monopolists reserve for the Australian postal traffic. War may bo declared, hostile fleets may be en route for Hobson's Bay, and we cannot meet the contingency, be- cause the machinery of "tho Madras or the Northam canuot survivo the economical principles . on Yvhich their owners Yvork them. Even Geelong is beginning to .Yvako up to the incon- venience of being left so far behind the rest of the world for the sake of a rotten shaft ora "deteriorated" boiler, | and its guardian genius, the Advertiser, not unseasonably makes an elaborate effort in chronology to prove that the Company has gone to sleep instead. By a reference to dates, it is found that the mails have been overdue from some cause or other in January eight days, in February two, in March six, in April eleven, in May five ; and it is now the 19th of June, and the telegraph reports no appearance So much irregularity is intolerable, when we reflect that we pay so much for it, and its persistence seems to in- dicate that the delay is being reduced to a system. Nor would it take very mdch ingenuity to divine motives and reasons for it. In the midst of the agitation for a fortnightly communication with Europe, it is obvious that our sense of the blessing we covet would not be impaire'd by a little judicious retarda- tion of the monthly mails ; nor, if Sydney is determined to throw off her allegiance in favour of a rival company, would it be bad policy to hasten her defection by a little judi- cious provocation. Unfortunately, we require no stimulant to aid us to a proper appieciation of a more frequent postal service, nor, much as we desire such a service, can we afford the rather expensive luxury of taking vengeance on our neighbours for withholding their co- operation to it. A fortnightly mail would be invaluable to us, but if we cannot have a fortnightly mail without doing penance for other people, wo must do without it. If the Peninsular and Oriental Company have resolved that we must submit to a series of prelimi- nary annoyances before the fruition of our object is attained, wo must forego it, or, rather, wo must bestir our- selves to find some other instruments for accomplishing it. It is notorious that the company's fleet of packot-ships is inadequate in quality, if not in quan- tity, to the fulfilment of their contract that while they pretend to make the pas- senger traffic entirely subordinate to the carriage of the mails, their boats, as every month bears witness, bring the mails days after they aro due. On the other hand, it is equally notorious that the remedy for all this annoyance and inconvenience is in our hands, that we possess among ourselves the means for not only cai rying our own postal service, but for combining with it a really suit- able and remunerative passenger trade. What is to prevent us from employing our own material and capital in the transit for which wo now so heavily subsidize the P. and O. Company. "We have over and over again insisted upon the advantage to be gained to the community by being our own carriers between this and Galle, as well a3 upon the facilities we possess in our superior resources for compelling the co-operation of the neighbouring colonies in any scheme based upon that proposition. Sydney and New Zealand are already committed to the Panama route, and it is not likely that any inducement we Gould hold out would be sufficient to detach them. Queensland, as the journals biought us word a few days ago, is about to negotiate for a branch line to Singapore, and, undoubtedly, its geo- graphical position gives the plan a look of plausibility. But for the southern colonies, for Victoria and South Aus- tralia, no route could be so convenient as that at present followed by the Penin- sular Company's boats, namely, direct to Galle, from whence it would be easy to transfer either goods or passengers for distiibution over the main lines of traffic. The time must come when somo such arrangement must bo made in the in- terests of an increasing travelling popu- lation ; and now that there is a prospect of the existing monopoly being broken up, the moment is auspicious for dis- cussing the feasibility of a thorough reorganization of our postal system. It is almost certain that, in spite of the importers, another j ear will not elapse before fortnightly communi- cation with Europe will be an established fact. The home Government aro bent upon it, and the complacency with which their local representative contemplates the change, shows pretty plainly that the P. and 0. Company will not object to add to their responsibilities. The question is, cannot we divert a portion of those overgrown half-yearly divideuds to which wo conti ibute so largely, into our own pockets Î Mr. Degraves told us tho other day that we were a terribly misgoverned people, and that ho would have constructed our railways for half the cost, and made a fortune, if universal suffrage would have let bim. Surely universal suffrago ought to benefit by the example of so much dormant engi- neering power so ready to distinguish itself. Nothing can be moro repugnant to the political traditions, the instincts, the feelings, and the interests of English- men, than the taxation of ono chiss for the benefit of another. The struggle which terminated in the repeal of the "Corn-laws was embittered by the con- viction in the public, mind that the bread-tax was at once the product and the penalty of class legislation, and that the majority were subjected to high prices and scarcity for the benefit of the minority. The landowners of the mother country, in obtaining the imposition and resisting the abolition of those laws, were actuated by the same selfish motives which govern the protectionists of this colony ; and they defended their con- duct by the same flimsy but specious arguments. They studiously avoided all reference to the real object of the Corn-laws-the maintenance of rents at the high standard to which they had been forced up during tho war which terminated in 1815. This was carefully kept out of sight. It Was to prevent the yeomanry of England from being ruined by com- petition with foreign farmers ; it was to piesorvo "a bold peasantry, their coun " try's pride," from degradation to the level of the Russian serf; it was to avert tho inundation of Great Britain with corn from tho ports of Southern EuBsia, with, cattle from Holland, with- butter from Belgium, with eggs from France, and with food from all quartera of the world, that the pro- tectionists of the mother country op- posed the repeal of the Corn-laws and the reform of the tariff. Disinterested patriots that they were ! Choyvler's ardent affection for his country had all the fervour and all the sincerity of Embling's. Mr. George Frederick Young proved that he knew almost as little of political economy as Mr. Am- brose Kyte, and even Sergeant Byles demeaned himself so far as to argue like Graham Berry. The oratory which found vent at market tables was not greatly supeiior to that which regaled the ears of the protectionists at St. George's-hall a few evenings ago, and there was a faint echo of the old Boeotian song, which used to be droned amongtheLincolnshire fens and the Gam bridgesliiro flats, in Mr. Rice's remark that " some day England Yvould find g^J) " had committed a great blunder in -oaf " fostering an agricultural population, " instead of draYving her supplies of " breadstuff's from America." Might not England recriminate by declaring that Victoria has committed a great blunder in not teaching her population the ABC of political economy, in stead of suffering them to be hood- winked and imposed upon by shallow and self-seeking ignoramuses 1 But, as the Chartists of Great Bri- tain leagued themselves with the Tories in opposition to free trade, and in favour of class-legislation, so we find iu this colony men entertaining what aro (Jailed ultra-liberal opinions clamourin» for the privilege of taxing the many for the benefit of the few, and suggesting in the spirit of the old sans culotta, that, if tho Upper Houso of Parliament should refuse to sanction a scheme of class legislation, " the working l< classés, should sweep it from tho " face of the earth." Imagine the outer} which would have been raised by the numerically small band of protec- tionists in this colony, if after the adop- tion by the Legislative Assembly of the Tariff Resolutions, some member of the Chamber of Commerce had suggested the abolition of the Lower House by the half-a-million of consumers whose interests have been injuriously affected by the alteration in the Customs duties, Does Mr. Kyte perceive the dangerous doctrines he is encouraging by this sort of Tipperary talk? If such violence is hinted at in regard to political men and mea- sures, is there no risk of its being ex- tended to social institutions and personal property ? If all obstructions to what are believed to be the interests of a class are to be .thus summarily disposed of, the holders of kerosene and the manufacturers of candles may be of opinion that the Collingwood gas Works ought to be swept off the " face of the earth ;" the paYvnbrokers and money lenders might consider that their inteiests Yvould be consulted by the abolition of the Melbourne Bank and the division of its assets among the borrowers ; Yvhile the tenants of various shops in Great Bourke-street might not experience any insuperable scruple of conscience in becoming converts to Proudhon's theory, that " property " is theft," and to the belief that " it would be preferable to live rent free instead of handing over a monthly cheque to a wealthy landlord. The foundations of property and order repose, like the Legislative Council, upon laYV and opinion ; and, since the latter body can 'be only " swept off the " face of the earth" by a revolutionary gust, it is extremely probable, if not absolutely certain, that the same blast Yvould unsettle the bases of property and overthrow the frameYvork of society. Communism, indeed, is but one remove from protection; for, class legislation being once established, the extent to Yvhich tiie consumers will be taxed for the benefit of the producers deponds only upon the moderation and forbear- ance of the latter ; and Yvhere material interests are concerned, there is buta slender chance of the exercise of self denial on the part of those who profit by the tax. Perhaps the most cogent illustration of the obnoxious character of class legislation would bo the hypothetical case of the merchants of Melbourne importuning the Legislature for pro- tection against the local manufac tui er. Such a demand could be sup poited by every argument which the so-called champions of " native in " dustry" advance in favour of their plea. To all intents and purposes, the merchant is the producer of what ho imports. To quote the words of an Ameiican writer, " he brings the article " Yvanted into the market, by a process " Yvhich, in its effect on the national " wealth, is precisely similar to that of " the domestic manufacturer. He has " convcited his capital, skill, and in-' " dustry into a useful object of " consumption ;'.' but he finds him- self undersold in regard to most bulky articles by the colonial manufacturer. Ought not the merchant to bo pro- tected 1 The advocates of class legisla- tion might exclaim against this sort of competition. The impoiter is a large employer of labour; clerks, storemen, wharfingers, lightermen, stovedores, draymen, and. the numerous classes dependent upon them, benefit by his expenditure. Do these belong' to " the people" of Victoria, or do they not ? Have they an inferior claim upon the Legislature to Mr. Kytk's clients 1 Are they to be overlooked in the greatscheme of protective legislation ; and if so, upon Yvhat grounds? Protection to native industry, in the Jenuerian sense, means their deprivation of employ- ment, coupled with an artificial enhance- ment of the cost of living to every man, Yvoman, and child in the colony, Or its true character may be moro compen- diously summed up in the pithy lan- guage of the Scot; when asserting that Adam was just like Joe Simpson, the hoiee-couper. " How so ?" asked the minister. " "Weel, naebody got onything " by him, and mony lost !" We have received from Mr. Charles Turn(r%.> "a first attempt1' at ehromo-lithogrophyjy which must be pronounced creditable for the neatness of its oxecution. The "socoud" at- tempt, however, would admit, with advantage, more variety in the colouring. The prospectus of a now weekly journal the Spectator- which will be devoted to the interests of free trade, appears in another column. Tlio Treasurer of the Prahran and Sonta Yarra Bsnevolont Society acknowledges the receipi, per Messrs. Donaldson and Robert Bon, of the Eum of £23 17s-' hei°B tu9 P'° oods of a concert under the auspicoa of the Prahran and Smith Yaira Tradea' llalf holiday Movement Association ; also of, £1 Js, itOTD. Miss Moitley. A public meeting will be held this evening jn Hotham, in furtherance of the objects of the Union Gas Company. ff bore were 327 prisoners under dotention at the Melbourne Gaol on Saturday, clasaified as follows : - Awaiting tri^l - before the Supremo Couit, 28 males, 6 females ; before magistrates, 7 niales, 0 females ; before other étalions, 2 mules; under sentence-to road «argil male; to hard labour, 13G moles,.10 femules ; detained foi imprisoninenttonly, 50 males, 33 femnlea ; as lunatics, 4 males, 3 females- in default of bail, 11 mules, l> femaliv '.'« debtors, 0 males ; and 1 male foicOntX^t of Court. Total, 252 males, 75 females Hw Majesty's steam corvette Esk, now in Hobtou's Bay, waa visited by a largo number of pensons yeBterday, She will be open to public inspection for several days longer. We have before us two specimons of the lists printed for private use by Equattera in connexion with ¡>ome of the recent land lotteries in the Western district. They wore printed for the use of one purchaser (through medium?), and.comprise 0,057 aerea in one aie», and 3,885 acres in another, or a total of 10,5-12 acres. It is stated that the sections not included in these, lists woro generally believed to be worthlers, and excited no attention. The cards beforo us represent the land one gentleman waB prepared to take np, and our informant states his conviction that the arrangements made secured to the author of the lists throe-fourths of the land bo desited to secure. He adds :-" So far as effecting a settlement of tho peoplo on the lands, the new Land Act has here proved an utter failure ; not five per cent, of the selictors are bond fide." It will bo seen from a telegram from Warr- nambool, which appeals in another column, that a new precaution has been taken against "mediums" and "dummies" in the land Eclictions. Applicants are now required to deposit cash when they give in their names for the maximum quantity of land they pro- pose to select. 'Die precaution is palpably a idle one, as the capitalist who supplias the medium is pretty sure to supply the depo3it money. Messrs. Langlands Brothers have just com- pleted a pair of ongines of thirty- fivo horse- power, direct acting, with doublo cylinders, fora steamer now building on the Murray, at Echuca (the property of Messrs. Johnson, Davie, and Locke). These ongineB are de- scribed to bu of first-class workmanship. The steamer is cighty-tlueo feet long by fifteen ftot beam, and has a hurrtcano- housa thf entire li ngth of the vessel. The new vesse will ho ready for launching in the course of i monib, and will be ready for the ensuint wcol season. The quarterly meeting of tho Costerfielt Gold and Antimony Mining Company (re glsteredJwoB held in the Mechanics' Insti tute, Ballarat, on Friday. From the repon of the directors, it appeared that the quantity of stone ciushed up to 3rd Juno, during twelve weekp, was 53S tons, and tho yiett 409oz. Odwt. 12gr.,~ being at the rate of lödwt 6gr. per ton. The quantity of antimony on raised during sama period wag seventy two tons. The financial arrangement are, that the ordinary yield shall pi; the ordinary expenses, and leave a surplu for dividend; and the directors lately de clared a dividend out of the surplus o 7s. Gd. per share. The improvements are to b effected by borrowing money for the purpose and when the profits are increased by thes improvements, it is intended to repay the lou by liiying aside ten or twenty per cenl of the increased profits ; and thus it i not Hkoly that any more calls will no\ bo made on the shareholders. A twelve head battery is being orectod, and a wind ing-engino ia being procured. The direc tors concludo by 'expressing tbeir belief tha' "as thaïe is abundance of stone for crnshinf and it yields well per ton, and the new plan will moro than double the yield, while th propoitionate expenses will at the same tim bo materially diminished, thoy are justifie in predicting an increasing and permaner prosperity for this company," Tho weather in the north has been sevci lately, the frosts having been unusually keel At Stanloy tho ice waa an inch in thicknes and at Wangaratta half an inch. It Btated the cold has killed sheep and catt' in some numbera thioughout tho Ovens di trict. We. regret to Jearn that a seaman of H.M.I Eek was lost overboard as the Bhip wi entering the ITeads on Friday morning las It appears that the man was omployed on or of tbe.yorde, doing some work in connexio with a studding-sail boom, when he misse his hold, aud fell into the sea. The alari was immediately given, and every effo made to save him ; but ho eould not swir and was not afterwards seen. The body of a recently-horn infant wi found yesteiday afternoon in the Universil Reserve, near Grattan-streef, and about fifi yards from the Sydney- road. No marks violence were obBotvable upon the boil which seemed to have been thrown over ti fence. It now lies awaiting inquest. Yesterday evening the body of a man, agi about foity-five, wbb found in the water ne the Hobson'sBay Railway, under peculiar c1 curnBtances. A lady's hat was blown off, ai a waterman named Thomas Reilly put off his boat to recover it. He saw an obje Vthich, in the dusk, he thought was the hi bnt which waB found to be the body of ama resting on hands and knees, in about fo feet of water, the tail of an over-coat floatii to tho surface. The police wore immediate called, and the body, being still warm, was once removed to Mr. Garton's Hotel, whe under tho direction of Dr. Curtis, everythi possible waa done to restore animation, b without effect. On tbo parson of the deceaa were found cards showing tbat his name w William Bayne, and that he wai a travel for Mr, Laing, lime merchant. The pocki also contained a gold watch (which h stopped at half-past six, or three hours bof< the body waB found), and a' largo amount property in notes, cheques, rjprip, &c.; 'I railway-ticket found in possession of t deceased Bhowed that he had left Molbout hy the third train after church hours, a that ho hod visited Williamstown ; but h he got into the water can scarcely be'coaj iured. The deceased is understood to hi been mairied. The body lies at Garto Botel. At tho meeting of tho City Council to held this afternoon the attention of I council will be directed to the large arnot of overdraft at the bank, with a recommcni tion that until the balance be considérai reduced no works bo undertaken but such are ilt'tfíat>^vely necesSttry- Tho Hea CommfyJjHll alao recommend the insti tion of legal proceedings against the Uni Bank, for the suppression of the nulsai caused by the use of corrosive sublimate ?smelting gold. In the Supreme Court, the Chief Jual »nd a jury of twelvo disposed of the rx cantilo case of Jlatt ». Gfice and othtrs .Satuiduy. The question disputed was light to certain tobacco Bold on credit t finn that became Insolvent beforo the Shy of the credit. Tho law of Btoppag« trtmsitu was invoked, and the vendor and a batik managor "made a race of it" who should get the bonded storekeepetB having custody of the goods ta attorn to him. Tho bank manager won the race for tho " attorn Hient." Ho won also in the action. The verdict ivas for the defendants, who Yvera in- demnified by the bank. Daniel Creed was informed against at the Welbourne Criminal Sessions, on Saturday, for obtaining money under false protoncos, by passing a cheque for £20 draYvn by himself upon the Matlock branch of the Colonial Bank of Australasia, in which bank he had no funde. It seemed that two cheques had been pasted under similar circumstances, and the present charge broke down in conse- quence of C. H. Danckor, who had cashed a cheque for £30, being described as the prose- cutor instead of - Moritz, the person who cashed the cheque for £20. A second infor- mation has been filed against the defendant and he will be brought up again during the present sessions. At the Richmond Police Conrt on Saturday a man named John M'Kay was committed Ho gaol for Beven days for stealing a chair, value 7b. Gd., from tho shop door of Froderick Bichards, Bridge-road. A married woman, named Fanny Clarke, whoso husband was stated to be in New Zoaland, was charged with ßtcaling three pairs of boot", value 10s. 6d,, from the door of tho shop of Wm. Davi- son, Bridge- Toad. The theft was proved, but the prisoner received a good character from a gentleman who had known ber for some lime. The magistrates (Messrs. Bosisto, Hull, M'Crae, Wilson, and Johnson) did not con- sider it a case meriting punishment, and dis- charged the Yvomnn, on her finding a surety in thu sum of £20 to keep the peaco for the next six months, and ns a guaranteo for her good behaviour. A mon was fined for remov- ing sand from the banks of the Yarra, and another for removing sand from Cremorne gardms. At the Emerald-hill Police Court on Satur- day, a boy only ten years of age was charged by his employers, Messrs. Nathan nnd Dur- ban), local agents for T/ie Argus, with em bez/dement. It appears that the boy was in the habit of delivering papers to subscribers, and took advantage of his position to deprivo subscribers of their copies in order to sell them to other persons for his own profit. After some of the evidence had been taken, the prosecutors withdrew thu charge, and the Bench dltcharged the prisoner with a caution. Andrew Grandnm was charged Yvith oruclty to animals. The prosecutor, John M'iellan, stated that a goat belonging to him 6trayed into the garden of the prisoner, who ran after it, and cut off ono of its legs with nn axe. The defendant did not deny the fact, but endeavoured to excuse himsel! by ta j in g that he merely threw tho axe at tho goat, without any intention of injuring it so severely. Ho wa3 ordered to pay 20s. damages, and £1 Is. costs. Tho city coroner held an inquest at the hospital, on Friday evening, on the body oi John Adam, aged lifty years, a blacksmith, who died at the hospital, from tho effects ol Injuries received by being run down by a cab while he was driving a dray on the Sandridge road, on Moy lGth. Immediately after the accident he was taken to the hospital, where it was found that he had sustained a com- pound fracture of the leg. From the appear- ances presented by the injured member several days after the accident, it wae considered by the surgeons that ampu- tation was requisite, as the only means of saving life. The operation was performed laBt week, but deceased died two days after- wards. The principal evidence relative te the accident was given by Mr. B. N. Sandi- lands, solicitor, who stated that at about half past six on the evening of the 16th ult, he Yvai a passenger in a car driving towards Sand ridge. The evening was dark, and it wai raining. They overtook a dray driven bj deceased, who was walking and leading hil horse by the head. The dray was in th< centre of the road, and the cabmnr shouted to deceased several times, As h< did not pull out of the road, the cab man drove past him on the wrong side The cab had nearly passed, when deceasec drew in to the left and was knocked down bj the wheel of the cab. Some further evidenci haY'ing been taken, the juiy spent a long timi considering their verdict, several of then being desirous of returning averdictof "mau slaughter" against the cabman. At lerigtl they found that "the deceased died from in juries caused by his being knocked down by 1 cab," and expressed their opinion that thi cabdriver was blameable in going on th wrong side, notwithstanding that decease! did not pull out of the road whon called upoi to do so. Tho district coroner held an inquest oi Friday at BruBhy Creek, near Dandenong on the body of a carter named John Gerluck a resident on the Dandenong Creek, who wa found lying dead on Wednesday last. De ceased was laBt seen alivo on Wednesdn; morning, and as he did not return at th time when he was expected, some of hi neighbours went in the afternoon to look fo him. They found him lying in the bush, be neath bis dray, which had been overturn» by the off wheel running against a tree. On of the wheels was pressing on deceased, wh was dead, and appeared to have been so fo some hours. Ho had gone to get a load c wood, but only two pieces had been put int the dray. The persons Yvho found decease thought from the appearances that the ace: dent had occurred from the horse boltini The verdict of the jury was "that decease waa found dead, having been killed by th accidental ovei turning of his dray." Dr. Youl held an inquest on Friday ever ing, at the hospital, on the body of a lltti boy named Alfred Evans, who was killed 0 the previous day by being knocked down b a run-away horse. Tho animal, it seemei had by somo means detached the shafts froi a lorry to which it was harnessed, and ra along Bouike-street Yvith the shafts draggin behind it. In its progress the horse knocke down deceased (who was standing by ti Yvater-channcl) by Btriking him on the fori head with its fore-foot. The Bkull of the ui foitunate child was fiactured, and he died few hours after receiving the injury. It di not appear that any blame was attrlbutabl to the roan in charge of the horse, and tt jury returned a verdict of " Accident Death." An inquest was held on Saturday, by the district coroner, at the Yarra Bend Asylum on the body of Robert Leech, aged thirty-five years, who was admitted on the 8th March last, and died on the 11th inst. The jury found that deceased died from disease of the brain. I The district coroner held an inquest on S 1 turday, at Preston, on the infant daughter James Beiry, a labourer living at Presto The jury found in accordance with the ov dence, that deceased died from debility causs by premature birth. A meeting of miners and others was he) at the Five Flags Hotel, Fryer's Creek, 0 Friday ovening last, at which resolutloi were passed condemnatory of the 42ud clam of the now Land Act; in as far as it permi the alienation of auriferous and timben land. A Chinese thief has been convicted 1 Vaughan Petty Sessions of a peculiar robber or, rather, for being in a certain place with i tent to commit a robbery. Our Daily Xa (Castlemaine) Fays :-" It seems the ingenious I thief had scratched holes and crevices ia a miner's ßluice-box-which would detain the fine gold-and, being small, theao would be overlooked by the miners, bat the exact places being known to the Chinaman, he could ob- tain the gold at any time of night. He has been caught this time, and perhaps the dis- covery will servo to put some other niiaorsoa their guard." Patents seem to be troublesome things sometimes. The Banner of Belfast has tho following with reference to one of them : " An injunction has beon served on the presl | dent of. the Bhiro council prohibiting the use hy the council of the atone-brdaking ma- chines, without tho payment to the patentee of a royalty of 4d. per yard on all metal brokou by tbem. The contract on the Hamil- ton-road is temporarily stopped in conse- quence, and a special meeting of the council will be held on Saturday next, to decido on, what course íb to be adopted in reference to the machines. It is not unlikely thal the work will bo proceeded with, and tho metal broken by hand labour. The day labour on the Hamilton-road is also stopped, the 149th clause of the Local Government Act prohibit- ing the expenditure on day labour on any work amounting to £100 or upwards. The council would not be legally authorised to pay the amount out of the rotes, and if the auditors objected to paas the account, the councillors should refund the money out of their own pockets." " From the extraordinary number of pas« sengeiB who arrived by tho steamers yester- day," says the Gipps Land Times of Friday last, " and the land selections taking"pIaco' so shortly in the northern portion of the dis- trict, it is imagined a large number of ' mediums' and ' dummies' have made their appearance in Gipps Land, and that the in- habitants thereof ure not to havo all their own way in the choice of the soil." On the same subject, the Belfast Gazette says :-" The pur chateis of ' mediums,' it appears, had good grounds for carefulness bow they trusted some of them with money. We havo heard ol several instances in which the purchasers have themselves been 'sold.' It is very generally rumoured that one party waa en- trusted with upwards of £30, who walked through the oflico without selecting, and afterwards declined returning tho money. Another case has reachod our ears of a party refusing to return an amount nearly as large as the former ; but the ' unkindest cut of all' was by a party who received ten £10 notes in mistake for ten ¿£l-notes, and the following day was totally oblivious of the circumstance." We also find that a circular has arrived Irom Melbourne to theeffect that no Government oflioer will bo allowed te select land without first obtaining leave from the head of his department. The Warrnambool ¿xaminer expresses itsel thus regarding the working of tho Lam Act:-"The first land selections at Warr nambool, under the Amending Land Act o 1866, took place jC6krday, and, as fat aB tot ing up the whole of on aiea may be regarde! as evidence of success in settling the colonist on the lands of the interior, wo must say tin Land Act is highly successlul. But wo lik to be truthful in our remarks, and candid!; record it as our decided conviction that th present Land Act is only to be compared ti a Jgigantic swindle, whero one honest f? man, woman, or child (for all go in for a turi of wheel) has as good a chance as another The (Président of the Boaid of Land am Works may say what he likes nbout th affair, but we aio convinced that not one tenth of the selectors throughout the colon; will turn out bona fides, for ii tboy inten being bo, various circumstances will preven them." A clever capturo of a Chinaman, (says Satui day's Jil. A. Hail), effected by Sergeant Watsoi at Chewton, on Thursday, lias been reporte to us. It seems that a certain " John" wen into the Oriental Bank at that town- to se! some gold. Whilo Mr. Lucas, tho manage was weighing it, he banded a handsome nuf get to the Chinaman for inspection, and fo a short time had his back to the " customer, On turning joundhofound that both John an the specimen were inventi non, nor could h discover what direction tho thief had taker The police having been informed of th matter, Sergeant Watson went in quest of th delinquent, whom-after the lapse of eigh hours, and notwithstanding tho meagre de scription given him-he discovered in th Chinese camp with the nugget concealed o: his person. John was anything but dispose to go to the lock up quietly, and tho office had considerable difficulty in securing hispr; Boner. The thief was brought up ye6teidaj and lemanded till Wednesday noxt. The Kyneton Observer contains a letter signed " W. J. Gilbert," to the following effect :-" Sir,-I have just been favoured wit a perusal of your issue of the 25th ultimo, b a friend, which contains an extract from th M. A. Mail, bearing referencoto the relatio in which I stand to the late John Gilber and which statement, as I now learn, is sti going the rounds of the colonial press. Yoi sir, were kind enough at the time to correi some ¡of its inaccuracies, in so far as you ha knowledgeof thoir existence; hatso false is it.i its generality and details, that I now seek ti privilege of your columns, in order to disahui the public mind of the orroneous impressioi It must inevitably produce. There is or proposition iu the article referred to that feel little inclination to dispute, namely, that the late John Gilbert was not destitute of affection for his parent ; but when in illa tration it asserts so boldly, and details so c1 cumstnntially, the fact of my Eon being ti doner, myself the recipient, and a polii magistrate the final custodian, of a 'casei jewels, &c;, derived from a dangerous sourci I consider that silence on mypait mayl construed into on admission of its truth, thoreforo feel no hesitation in declaring it be a gross fabrication, wholly destitute foundation, and must have been invented snbservo somo particular design, the obje of which is only known to its out nators. I will here avail myself of ti occasion to Bay that I am well advisi that John Gilbt.it was too fully senslb of the grievance to which ho had alreai outraged parental feolings when he fii entered on so vicioua and reprehensible course ot life, and knew, therefore, that so far as I was concerned his conduct w barely susceptible of aggravation, unless such exemplification of affection as'quoted the Mail. But whatever may be the natu and extent of his lawless aggressions i society, he abstained norn tho least sollcll tion of his parent to participate in his i acquired gains, the acceptance of whi would have made me the abettor of 1 crimes. I have the melancholy consolati of holding bim guiltlesB of this atrocity." The Geelong Advertiser Bays :-" The Legis live Council, ia its character of oxectitlor to Mr. Higinbotham'a bills, baa never done greater service to the country than in t strangling of the Supreme Couit Laws Ci solidation Bill. Of all the pieces of cotise dation ever Bubmitted to it this was tho m> objectionable. Long after all our politii difierences as to the immigration fund, or < land question, are dead and buried it will remembered with gratitude by all classes a EectionB of the community that au attempt depiive the judges of their independen which originated in the popular 'Hoti6e Assembly, was defeated by the Legislat Council. Indeed at the prosent time, if never before, we have good reason to echo the fer- vent exclamation of the radical Çobbett, and to '.thank God we havo a House of Lords.' " The Queensland Guardián says :-" It is ge- nerally rumoured that the Government has recoived tenders from the A.S.N. Company for the establishment of a line of steam com- munication betweon the northern ports of thiB colony and Singapore. The amount for which the woik is proposed to bs done is stated at £00,000-four vessels to be omployod upon it, It is also stated that tenders for the performance of woik of a similar character, for £45,000, havo been received from a Singapore company." Mr. Lockhart Morton soud3 us the follow- ing suggestion :-" Tho alarming destruction of Bheep in this colony in consequent of the disease known ns rot, or fluke in the liver, suggests that every expedient should be tried to prevent a great national loss. It has oc- curred to me that tho application of a power- ful galvanic current might be successful ia destroying these parasites in the livors of sheep. The trial would ba very inexpensive, and I throw out this suggestion for what it is worth. A galvanic battery can be made strong enough to destioy slioop themselves ; but one sufficiently powerful to kill the parasites, and whicíi will not injure the sheop, seoms all that is required. I may mention that many years iigo\l proved to my own satisfaction that the sortb insect can be thus destroyed ; but nothing was done, because the Govern- ment of tho day would not take any notlco «ef my alhged discovery, but suggested that I the f quattera would take the matter up, which üWOlTHc*,' Yvas equivalent to telling me to go to Jericho." . We learn from the Mount Alexander Mail that " a large meeting of miners was held on Tuesday, at the Black Ball Hotel, Tarilta, to consider the operation of the 42nd clause of the Land Act. The speakers were divided in opinion as to the advisability of protesting against the leasing of auriferous and timbered lands for occupation and cultivation. A motion favourable to the clause was pro- posed, but an amendment, declaring that the working of the 42nd clause would be pre- judicial to the interests of the miner, was carried. The supporters of the original motion demurred to the decision of the chair- man, on the ground that boys had been per- mitted to vote, and it was hinted that those in favour of the twenty-acre system intended to appoint a deputy, to wait upor tie President of the Board of Land anc Works in reference to the matter." Colonel Anderson's Challenge Cop has a length been finally won. On Saturdaj Gunner M'Hutchinson.who had twice claime< the cup, shot for its possession against Lieu tenant Sargood, tho victor in the preliminar; match of challengers the previous week, woi by 21 marks ; and by virtue of this third sue «.FS carried off the glittering trophy. Th scons were-^'Hutchinson at 200 yards 1 maits, 300 yaids 12 marks, 400 yards 1 marks, COO yards 10 marks ; total 02, Sai good-2C0 yards 17 marks, 300 yards 12 mark: 400 yardb 10 marks, COO yards 2 marks ¡ tota 41\. The cup has been well contested since 180 when it was given, and it.hns, therefori acquired additional value as a rueraent of many exciting struggles. There hav been some uno scores made during th matches ; but M'Hutchinson's shooting o this last occasion has never been beaten, an brought the series to a close with 'eclat. A the competition has terminated, we may ad that the arrangements of the committee < officers, and their carrying out by the hoi secretary, Captain Stokes, havo invariabl given every satisfaction. Private M'Ewan has become the possesso of the Challenge Cup of the Melbourne an North Melbourne Blue Corps. The company inatcheB of tho 33ast Me bourne Volunteer Artillery Corps (for mee bers who have qualified as effectives for ti year 1805 byvirtuo of musketry instructic and file and volley filing) were commenced c Saturday last. The ran ges were 200,400, ar 600 yards respectively, and seven rounds yvo fired at each range. The scores were as fe low :-Match No. 1, for non-marksmen Gunner M'Kean,42; Tiumpeter 1'ogart, 3 Sergeant Bay, 21 ; Lieutenant Glllbee, 1 Gnnner E. Wright, l8; Gunner E. Brawn, 1 Match No. 2, for maiksmon and non- mark men-Gunner Bolton, 69; Captain Stoics 58 ; Corporal Lltolf, 53 ; Sergeant Wardill, £ Gunner Blnzoy, 43; Gunner M. Brown, 4 Gunner J. Purvis, 40 ; Sergennt H. J. Kir 30 ; Gunner Talbot, 35 ; Lieutenant Cam bell, 32; Sergeant M'Donald, 39; Corpoi Dall, 29 ; Gunner Vi Cronan, 25. The mater, will bo completed on the 24th inst. Some interesting experiments in milita mining wero performed on Satuiday, at t Sandridge Butts, by the corps ol Volunto Engineers. The operations wcie direct »gainst a timber wall of great strength, : presenting the face of a military stockai The first mino was simply placed at the fe of the wall. The powder was contained in bag, and the chaige was connected by a co mon powder-hose to a portfire oi sufficic .length to burn five minutes. The chai was fired, and the effect was to creí a breach of about ten feet, breaki some of the logs asunder, and scatter! splinters in all directions. The remaini portions of the wall (about fouiteen f on each sido of the breach) were then min The charge of powder in each cato-onb third of that which formed the breach-y placed in a bag, and sunk in tue grou eighteen Inches, and earth was well ramn upon it. One mine was fired byBickfoi fuse, and the other by the fuse and powi hose. The effect was to destroy entirely i remaining portions of tho wall. The 1 having been gathered up for futuro ope tions, the men wero marched off the grou Wo are glad to lind that sinco lost year number of effectives in the Engineer co has nearly doubled. A romantic drama and a local farce drei crowded house at the Theatre Boyal, on turday evening. The play was one whic dozen years »go enjoyed great popularity England, and which still frequently obta ? possession of the provincial stage. Thoi it come before thfe days of the " sensati dramas, its title, "The Seaof leo, the Praj of the Wreoked, or!the Goldseekerof Mexii is sufficient to show that It belongs to ".thiilHng" school.^ The plot is a long dra out tale of love and adventure, but the p depends on a particular scene, in whic " sea of ice" is matured, to the destrucl of a party of castaways sheltering there This spectacle was'capitally managed at Royal-so capitall/ that it was encore and, as a consequet ce, the success of the p was unquestionable. The second rniigoment of the Ler troupe at the Hayn arkot Theatro termini on Saturday, whei entertainments illas tive of the extent to which muscular deve ment may boenrried were given both mon and eY'ening before numerous nnd appro* audiences. The spectacular drama of " Sea of Ice" was also repeated, and will ren on the bills soveroljnights longer. ' For some month! past the Princess' 1 atre has been in tho hands of tho carper and decorators, who, under the direçtioi Mr. Achilles King (of the Café), the lessee preparing it for a Jdramatio compaign,,w is expected to commence in September! A Danish urtist, M. Habbe, has been eng o paint and decorate the ceiling,'and every effort is beÍDg made to render the Princess's Theatre a comfortable and beautiful house. An amateur performance, by the officers and men of H.M.S. Esk, for the benefit of the widows and orphans of the men who were lost in the burning of H.M.S. Bombay and the wreck of H.M.S. Kacehorse, is announced to . take place in the Haymarket Theatre on Thursday night next. The football match for the Athletic Sports Committee's Chnl>nge Cup, which carno off on Saturday afternoon, in the Iiiohmoud paddock, b-'tween the Melbourne and South Yarra Clubi, proved to be the beat contested and most exciting game that has boon plaved this season. The kick off took place a little after two o'clock, and the contest was con- tinued with great ardour on both sidos until " time " was called, at five o'clock. Only one goal was obtainod, and that was not got until within the last twenty minutes. It was kicked by Baleóme, one of the South YaTra players, in the midst of a lively scrimmage near the goal posts. As two goals are required to claim a victory, the match resulted in a draw. The lovers of football would be glad to see tho same clubs metst again before many weeks bave pasEed. There wore twenty playera on each side, the Melbourne men being captained by Mr. B. W. Wardill, and South Yarra hy Mr. O'Mullane. Mr. Hammersley and Mr. J. Steavenson were the umpires. The Mel- bourne team was placed ata considerable dis- advantage by the absence of two or three of their best players, including Harrison. At the conclusion of the game, tho MeUwurne men gave several rounds of hearty cheers for their opponents, who cordially returned the compliment. Though the result of the day's struggle left tho M. F. C. in possession of tho Challenge Cup, they will be called upon to defend their claim to the trophy against tho Eoyal-park Club, on Saturday the 8th of July. The second promenado concert of the Head- quarters Band was given on ¡Saturday aftor noon in St. George's-hall. The attendance was not numerous. On Saturday afternoon, it might have been expoctid that we should have realised in Victoria the far-famed Epping hunt of the old country on Easter Monday. It had beoa announced that afine deer would be uncatted on Campbellfield racecourse at one o'clock, and scarcely fewer than five hundred horse- men, with as many moro persons in carriages and vehicles of almost every description, were present near tho Wheatsheaf lau, on tho Sydney-road, to see the throw off. Mr. G. Watson, the master of the hunt, probably considering the close proxi- mity of so many woll mounted aud ill mounted bipeds, dangerous alike foi the hounds and the sport, managed, however, to start tho gamo about half-a-mile from the general rendezvous, out of sight of tho body of the expectant sight-seers ; and, moreover, a stiff stono wall interposed as the first impedi- ment to those who had como out intending te " follow the hounds." This proved a fear- ful stumbling block to the majority of the bad and middling sorts of the mounted men and scarcely more than a score of the beal weie seen near tho immediate tiack of the deer, which, after giving a good run of aboui seven or eight miles, was captured unhurl near the new reservoir at Preston. The large attendance at tho gathering-place shows the increased interest felt by the public in field sports; but some regret may bo expressed thal it was thought necessary to disappoint the reasonable expectations of those who went to seo the throw-off, and were disappointed A correspondent gives the following accoani of the meet :-" The Btag-hunt of Saturdaj affords one of the beat treats offered lately te the cockneys of Melbourne, as woll as tn< moBt veteran sportsman. Not only did th< metropolitans turn out in great numberB, bu tbe suburbs and the vicinity of the meetin; added their quota to the assemblage, whic! at starting was variously estimated at 601 mounts of every grado, besides a largo num bor of carriages, buggies, and other vohicleE whick of course did not leave the road. Th stag was uncarted in Mr. Koady's paddook about seven roileB from town, and, with th assistance of the master, was escorted acros the Merri Creek on to the plain known a 'Hooper's Run.' This being dono, a mes Benger returned to announco 'roady,' an forthwith the cavalcado trotted down to th rcene, but, unfortunately for many, a ' raspei in the shape of a stone wall caused the mt jority to hesitate, and seek a more clrcuitoc route. This threw many completely out c tho chase, although from the elevate giound they had a good view of horseme and hounds streaming along the plains i a merry pace until lost in the distance. Th stag confined his attention to the plain3 n ferred to, situated between the Merri Cree and the Epping-road, sub-dividod into lara and pnddockp, presenting every variety < leap, ditches, wiro and rail fencing, ston walls, and brush or scrub, giving ample oppo tunity to all who wished to try their .ner\ and their animals' ability. The oourse, a though somewhat zigzag, was due north, am terminated within ona mile of Epping, som eighteen miles from town, where his lordshi leaping a stone wall, alighted into a waterhoi where he remained stuck in the mud, quiet awaiting whatever fate his pursuers migl have in store for him, which was not such i their previous conduct had led him to antic pato, for, being taken out by soveral leadii members of the hunt, he was quiotly bun folded, his legs tied, and. with the asalstan of a dray, carted to a neighbouring horn stead, to recover himself, -and afford a other day's 'glorious' sport. Tho fie bad dwindled down to about 100, wl came up shortly after the take, just say they had seen the finish. A number < ladies woro preeont, and iodo with a darii and courage that would havo done credit a led coat, some half-dozen borny in at t' take. Of course thu usual amount of Bpil incidental to hunting took placo, but no u cident of a serious nature boful. The journe home was accomplished in two or threo hou tbe jaded nags and riders having apparent done quite Buffioient for one day." 