The Courier. PUBLISHED DAILY. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1865. Another large batch of immigrants have just arrived. They appear strong and healthy, and we have reason to suppose they all belong to the class who are likely to do well in this colony. We have numer- ous manuals and guide books provided at home for the especial benefit and informa- tion of intending emigrants, and doubtless these are very invaluable in their own way; but it is only when men come, to confront the facts of having actually reached the land of their adoption, and being under the necessity of earning their daily bread in a new sphere, that they can form a pro- per estimate of the change which they have made. Strong disgust and dis- appointment at everything and every- body is, we believe,"not an uncommon feel- ing with new arrivals at the very outset. That arises chiefly from an exaggerated view of the colonies, quite natural to men who have not taken the trouble to inform themselves about the matter previously. When a man's hopes are buoyed up to an unnatural pitch regarding his own prospects, the slightest touch which may be given to the pleasing illusion brings with it a reaction which is sure to operate unfavorably on him if he have not uncom- mon nerve and strong resolution. There is a class, however, well known throughout all the colonies, one which may be termed as a nondescript species, whose only source of enjoyment seems to be their own potations' and the chagrin and disap- pointment which may be pictured in the face of others. We have only to mention the bare name of the loafing croaker when he will be at once recognised, and our allusion justified by all who are acquainted with our social manners. These unhappy beings take a delight in fastening to the new arrival like so many leeches, and strangely enough do insinuate themselves often into confidence and favor even when their designs become palpable. The unsuspect- ing, who have, and that justly, formed the impression that old residents are hospitable, genuine, and honest in the main, too often lend an ear to the vapourings of a class who have no claim whatever to any con- fidence. We can quite sympathize with the honorable wish and anxiety of new arrivals , to get information regard- ing the country, and to their having access to all means whereby they may gain it. But they trust to broken reeds, to the most untrustworthy sources, if they lend an ear to every idler who may volun- teer his services. We believe that many promising young men, not devoid of manly self-reliance, have been brought to the verge of ruin by frittering time in the towns here, listening in good faith to the idlest gossip and the most false statements, all the while receiving them in good faith. It would seem as if human nature, how- ever degraded it may be, seeks some sub- terfuge under which it may hide its own follies and indiscretions, and we have many instances of character shipwrecked in the colonies - of favorable opportunities misused, and of the unhappy subjects turn- ing round with a strange assurance to blame the country for all their mishaps. As a rule, we take it that nothing tends so much to blight a man's character and destroy his innate self-reliance, as listening to every- body's advice. Hero especially, advice of the most opposite kind?statements of thc most contradictory nature are made?possibly in sincerity, that it is a safe warning to advise new- comers'to keep their own eyes open? to disabuse their minds of the prejudices which have been conceived by men who have not really tried to succeed. We repeat that it is most essential that every man who has come with a view of earning an honest livelihood should seekv to carve out his Own path irre- spective of the- advice or cautions which may be thrust upon him by suoh men as we have alluded to.' Let any man, in the best country under tho sun, arrogate to himself the task of spying out its naked- ness, and have only 'an eye to detect its worst features, and he is sure to become a misanthrope. The dark side of tho pic- ture seems to have an especial charm for weak minds, which are devoid of the reso- lution and tenacity of purpose which carries the strong safely along. It is a grave error for new-comers to allow themselves to be betrayed into feelings of - disappoint- ment jot regret at the change which they have made until they have at least, tried to get on. Wo need hardly re- peat the old truism, that most -of our material wealth is undeveloped; but it would be a singular anomaly in the history of nations, that when a large popu- lation has been gathered, the normal state of things in this respect sliouTd never chango. Nature, so to' speak, has pro- vided the raw materials out of which all that is conducive to the material comfort of the people may be educed, and there is every prospect ami every encouragement to honest labor. It would bo well if the practice were more frequently adopted by those who have como to this colony with small capital, of investing it in the bank at the very outset. There' is the amplest security and the best pfofits given, and then the new arrival is is at liberty to gain some experience and find the best course to adopt for the future. It is a well-known fact, that many come here with what might well constitute the foundation of a solid fortune, and actually waste it in the most wanton and useless manner. It is per- fectly natural that. on landing fellow-pas- sengers should be social and merry. No one heed frown upon this, but upon weeks and months passed in dissipation after arrival./ We do not by any means accuse new arrivals as a rule of violating the breach of order and decorum, for we believe they bear a favorable comparison with any class who have yet arrived in the sister colonies ; but the exceptions that do occur, and the melancholy instances that have come under our notice, ought to be a warn- ing to all. At the present time it behoves new comers tb uso every precaution against recklessly exposing themselves to sickness, which is sometimes the habit, by indulging too freely, and to hear in mind that time ajid money are both as precious here as in the old country. The first difficulty to be overcome is to obtain a start in colonial life, and that can never be-'achieved hy lis- tening to indiscriminate gossip and vague rumor, but by each man trying for himself, when the honest effort is sure to be suc- ceeded by something very much better than the morbid listlessness and indifference of those who will not bestir themselves, and would fain hinder others. To commercial men and-to the Govern- ment, perhaps the most cheering item in our Homo Telegrams is the announcement that Queensland debentures have been sel- ling above the minimum rates fixed by the Bank. This fact shows clearly the favor in which the youngest of all the colonies is held at homo, ami'.the growing confidence which is being established in her solid prosperity. We aro all aware that New South Wales has fallen into discredit for some time past in the t English Money Market, and although .almost at their wits end, they are unable to retrieve their for- mer position, or to induce capitalists at home to speculate in their funds. It is a matter not so much for any display of vain boast as it is of sincere thankfulness, and it ought, and doubtless will be, a stimulus to the Government and the colony to further those large undertakings which they have begun under such favorable auspices, and bring them to their proper issue. , The cholera, that great scourge on whose nature so much wise speculation and in- dustrious enquiry has been made by the learned and scientific, seems to bo produc- ing great havoc on the Continent of Europe. From the scanty information which has reached us, we cannot determine what pro- gress tho malady has made in England, but it seems naturally to create a panic which is unavoidable in cases of public calamity. There,can be no doubt whatever that the disease is engendered by foul gases, and when wo" recollect the wretched sanitary condition of some of the largest and most thickly populated towns at home, we cannot but shudder at the consequences which may result if the epi- demic is to become general. Murrain has also appeared among cattle, and thousands are said to bo dying. This is rather a gloomy prospect for the people, seeing that butcher meat has risen to an extraordinary price during the last twelve months, a cir- cumstance which presses very hard upon the middle and poorer classes. It is a recognised fact that nothing tends to ward off disease more than a generous- and nourishing diet, and if tho pcoplo are pressed for want of good wholesome food in abundance, and at moderate- rates, it is hard to say how serious the consequences may be if the country is to be visited with a ravaging disease. It is cheering to find such cordiality and good feeling existing between England and France. To all serious thinkers it has always appeared a matter of sincere regret that old prejudices should be so persistently adhered to by both countries; that the old grudges and jealousies should not be buried under the altered state of things which has appeared under the new regime. We'find that the French ? Fleet is now at Ports- mouth, not with the view of bombardment or any hostile .design, but demon- strating, in conjunction with tho English Fleot, that peace and amity prevail between both. It would indeed be a pity if thc two most powerful nations in Europe,?those wlijch have done so much for civilisation and progress, should stapd }n attitude of hatred aud envy towards one another. Tho ruin and downfall of either could not be looked upon by the most bigoted except with a saddening feeling, and solong as the existing harmony prevails between the two countries the peace of Europe is secured. They have both learned severe lessons from, the history .of foolish and unwise wars, and we believe that this last demonstration in the Channel will be no less genuine than it must be satisfactory to every right thinking man. The Atlantic cable,, after all the money and labor expended on it, seems to baffle the ingenuity of scientific men. We do not believo that the experiment will be aban- doned asa hopeless'one, notwithstanding all that has happened. There' seems to be an unyielding pith and stamina in the Anglo-Saxon race on both sides of the Atlantic, which can only be fairly roused when difficulties of an extreme character have to be overcome. We had thought that the great work would have been safely completed at this last effort; but now it appears it must be postponed for some time at least. " It is a striking fact, though by no means a novel ono in the history of English society, that, at certain seasons of the year, a great mania exists for the perpetration of awful and horrid crimes. The month of August last seems to have been fertile with murders on an unusually large scale, and after the poisoning cases which have created such a sensation nt home already^ it would seem as if this peculiar evil bad a contagion about it; which, seizes the de- praved and vicious to hurry them on to their doom. ./ Tho American difficulty, seemingly, is being got over slowly, according to the same method with which all nations have bad to rise up again after being prostrated with a long and ruinous war. The Union, it is said, is reconstructed ; but if wo bear in* mind the discordant elements out of which this order of things is to be consum- mated,- we must wait for some time ere that be recognised as a reality. The treat- ment of the North towards President Davis must be highly appreciated by even the greatest of their enemies in the South. Europe has-rio right whatever to say any thing in the matter; nor do wo think that the leniency with which he is reported to bo dealt with will bear anything but a very favorable construction all over the world. The only atonement which the old veteran statesman should now make is, perhaps, more of a sacrifico than the ends of justice and humanity may demand. If he is to be allowod to pass tho remainder of his days in tranquility and peace, we sincerely hope that all the animosities of the past may be the sooner forgotten. In our obituary the name of Professor Aytoun will be recognised, as that of 'one of the most accomplished of scholars; and the greatest humorist, perhaps, next to Thackeray, of tho age. Readers of Blackwood will now miss the pungent satire and eloquence of the man who lins been for years its greatest ornament. Though by no means a violent partizan or an active man in public affairs, he has long been recognised as a master in English literature. He occupied the place of Pro- fessor of' Belles Lettves in the University of Edinburgh for some years, and, though full.of Tory prejudices and crotchets, his writings have become popular and well known among all readers, for their mascu- line power and strength, and their thorough expusure of the sickly sentiment which would rob life of its charm and man of all his rational enjoyments. - The position of Europe, it is said in a somewhat laconic way, is gloomy and precarious, which is chiefly owing to the Prussian and Danish question; the latter naturally looks to England and Franco for some manifestation of feeling, which may bo perfectly natural on their part, but is an extremely delicate question so far os the others are concerned. Prussia lias always been aggressive, and if she had not pur- sued that policy she never could have risen to occupy the status which she now holds, nor do we believo she is in the humor now, more than at any other period of her history, to concede what she' believes to be her just rights. Whether her policy can be defended by the stronger powers is another question, which time will very soon show. Tun officials at tho Tenterfield Telegraph oflico are somewhat peculiar in thoir roodo of treatment of messages which have to pass through their hands. Had it not-been for thoir preferonco of creature coniforts, wo should yesterday liavo been in a position to publish our telegraphic sum- mary of tho English nows at least two hours beforo it appeared, Whilst Nero fiddled, Borne was burning. Whilst tho oflleials nt Tenterfield yesterday wore dining, tho public of Brisbano wero awaiting with anxiety to seo tho epitome of tho events of n month in England?a portion of which iras then, ns we understand, in tho ofllco referred to. Wo hopo tho matter will bo brought under tho notice of both tho Now South Wales and tho Queensland Governments. Tue contract for the now Servants' Homo having been signed, tho works wore yesterday commenced. It is duo to tho eommitteo of ladies and to tho trustee? to state that thoy have devoted much tinto and oonsldoratton to tho very difficult task of scouring in a comploto form tho accommodation which tho institution re- quires, and is likely to rcquiro, within tho limited amount of means at their disposal; and now that tho work has beon matured by thom, thoro is every reason to congratulate them upon tho result of their deliberations and perseverance. Such.congratulation is no empty compliment to them, when it ls oonsidored that by thch'luntlrlng zeal, so rightly and bo bonovolontly directed, they have succeeded in realuvng a project which will enable them to tholter from.tho temptations and vicissitudes incidental to colonial lifo a largo number of the honestly-disposed of their humbler sisters, and place ready resources within their reach, while so protected, of obtain- ing employment. Too much praise cannot bo awarded to tho promoters of such enterprises, especially in such a stage of our colonial history, and tho motives of those aro not to bo envied who can bo found to discourago them. To rd turn, however, to the subject of .tho building itsolf, wo aro enabled to stato that a* reduced* tender of Messrs. Batlcr and Foster has beon accepted by tho trustees, tho ninount of whieh is ;C1<$0, and that tho works wjll bo pornpleted hy an early day in the month of January next. Tho works aro being carried out under tho superintendence of tho designer and arehitect( Mr. Bridges, of tho Spring Hill Mechanics' In- stitute, The porformanco nt tho Theatre lost ovening commenced with the drama of " Oharlos XII.," whioh, howovor, from a varioty of causes, did not go off so well ns could bo wished. Mr. Rogers, who represented tho hero of the piece, was suffering from hoarseness, and thoro seemed to be a genoral damper cast upon the othor porformors. After tho conclusion of tho drama, tho Misses Howson sang tho duot from Maritana, "Sainted Mothor;" and tho manner in which.they rondorod tho magnificent music of Wallaeo quite entranced tho audience, and moro than made up for tho short-comings which woro noticeable in tho first pieeo. Tho farce of " Whito Bait at Greomvich" concluded tho programme, and, as on the provious occa- sion, it was produced in a Btylo that could not fail to giro satisfaction. For this evening) when tho performance will be under the pa- tronage of lady Bowen, a monster bill is announced, commencing with tho " Black Domino," which is to bo followed by a musical melange, tho whole to conclude with the burlesque of " Aladdin." Mn. and Mks. Heine's concert, last night was well attended, notwithstanding tho wetness of tho weather. Tho entertainment, was given under tho patronage of Lady Bowen, who, however, did not attend. No ono could, be present withont feeling pleased with tho per- formance. Mr. Heino's violin solos-wore mag- nificent,.whilo Mrs. Heine's, splendid execution on tho piano was Bomothing worth hearing. Tho entertainment, commenced with p, solo by Mrs. Heino, followcdby asimilar porformanco on tho violin by Mr. Heino. The lady thon sung "BonnieNow Moon," and was well applauded. Her voico is not powerful, but thoro is a sweet- ness in her singing which is suro to ob- tain tho appreciation of an audience Mr. Richard Youngo thou read two selections from Shakspoare's King John?the first being tho sceno hefwoon tho King and Hubort, and tho socond tho interview botween Hubert and Prince Arthur. It is scarcely noeossary to Btato that- both wcro sustained in a manner worthy of. tho high reputation which Mr. Youngo has attained as a trngodian. After a piano solo from Mrs. Heino?" Homo Sweet Homo," carno tho gera of tho ovening, a violin solo arrungedfor that instrument from some of tho most beautiful music in "Lucrezia Boigia," by Sainton. Hero tho delicate manipulation of tho talonlod violinist was displayod to porfectiou; and a burst of npplaiiBO grcoted Mr. Heino, and it resulted in a vociferous demand for an encore. Ho substituted tho air "Tullochgorum,' and wo should imagino it difficult for tho greatest lover of tho national instrument of Scotland not to huvo proforrod tho imitation of Mr. Heine to tho original. Tho first part concluded with n duct, violin and piano. In tho second part tho ohief foaturo was Mr. Heine's performance on ono string, to which wo.have already referred in comniendatory terms. Tho entertainment will be continued this evening, when a fresh programme is announced. Ik another column will bo found an advertise- ment in reply to an address whioh wns.presehtcd to tho captain of tho ship Queen of tho Colonies on his arrival at this port, on tho Gth instant. It may bo considered, judging from tho number of signatures appended to it, but not published, as a denial of tho charges rnado against tho surgeon-superintendent. As tho wholo niattor is to ho duly examinod into, wo refrain from expressing any opinion concerning it. Ak inquiry was .commenced yesterday, we believe, by tho Immigration Board into tho complaints made against tho proceedings which took place nt tho quarantino station, while tho pnssongors of tho Young Australia wCro sta- tioned there. Wo aro not surprised that an investigation into tho matter should havo taken place, and hope that it may hnvc[somo profitable issuo. The inquiry was private, nnd it was ad- journed aftor Eome progress hacLbecn made. We aro glad to learn that active steps to provido a National School for tho education of tho children in tho districi of Oxley Creek aro being taken, and that tho exortions now mndo by tho promoters aro likely to bo . at- tended with stieccss. Tho sito selected is Boyland's Pocket. At a mooting held on Friday Inst, it was doeided that a general canvass bo initiated of tho locality. Only £120 is required, and it is believed that thntaniount cnn bco'otained with little difficulty;. Wo understand that, owing to tho extent of tho district, it is proposed, to oroct another school on the Ipswich sido of tho creek. Both insti- tutions will bo similar in their character;?both aro much required. 