OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, Saturday, Nov. 26th, 1864. It was semi-officially announced by the Times of the 18th inst, in a leading article, that "subject to the approval of parliament, transportation to the Aus-<*> tralian continent will cease within a limited period." Probably even more authoritative information to that Effect trill go out by tbe present mail.. The ZSnseff [justifies the decision mainly on the gronnd of expediency. "No government" it says,*'could shnt its eyes to the enormous disparity, numerical and other wise, between the promoters and the opponents of Aus tralian transportation. On the one. side we .have a population of some^.6,ooo, a revenue of Borne £60,000, and a $rade amounting in the aggregate value of im ports and'exports to some £300,099. On the oilier we harp a popnlation of some 1,800,000, including New Zealand, a joint revenue of some £6,300,000, and a trade: of some £57,000,000. Xf Providence itself favours the stronger battalions, Government must, lean to the more important interests." The Daily Newt sees in, the decision a tardy return to enlightened principles of statesmanship. "Foar years ago we knew that thfere were people in Western Australia ready to speculate in convict labor and in contracts for the supplylof convict establishments; and we also knew that their low and limited 'material interests ought not to. be eet against the higher interests of the free 'communities of South Australia, Victoria, and New South Wales. Font years ago we knew that to shoot out our moral rubbish upon Australian shores was an easy wjay of getting rid of the criminals we had reared,land we also knew that such a use of a colony was ease on our part, and' by the Australians would be resented as intolerable^ Four jears ago the language "of "our"best newspapers on these points was enlightened and distinct. Why. the wisdom which had then been acquired was placed in abeyance, and why the country had been led a dreary round, is for those to who, against their earlier recorded convictions, abetted the cry for transportation when a sufficient number of bewildered people were found to ralsej it. For us it is a source of satisfaction to remember that in the midst of the garotte panic, and from that time until now, we have consistently oppose 4 the revival of transportation to Australia, and prediEteSi asThe inevitable end of the agitation the very concession to the demands of the colonies which, is now authoratively announced.'" The Spectator has made a prodigious, fuss about the invasion of Imperial rights involved in the measures proposed by -the free Australians, - and though glad that transportation is to cease, would fain that those rights should be defined anew and guardedjfrom invasion. This looks proper enough, but, when examined, proves to be a bubble. It hap pens'fhait on~either~sTdel:ne'legal right was admitted. But, if j£ understand aright, the position of the Eastern Australians towards the Colonial Offlse was this—" If you persist in enforcing your extreme legal right* which is most unfair and injurious to us, we will do the same for our own protection." But as ill- timed; is this appeal to legality. The relative position (of England end her great' colonies is as suming, as we are always confessing, more and 'more the relation of mother and daughter. The latter are growing 'beyond the age when coercion can be .em ployed. 'They can at any time leave the maternal roof if they please. If they refrain it is not because any law binds them, bnt affeotion and self-interest combined,. It is something to have reached that advanced! stage, because there can be no chance of serious collision where legal rights have become a dead letter, and because thaw is ample room for the action of jthose better and indirect motives which are in effect the strongest safeguard of a cordial relation ship. Onr papers justly lam sure, that the formal declaration of tbe Imperial Government, that tiie Australian Government shall no longer be pol luted with the convict element of Great Britain, will be accepted by yon, forgetful of the past, as an act of grace and good feeling Vhich will bind' closer together the mother country and-her colonies. Bnt it is not needful to rely-only on future proba bilities to mark the altered relationships of the Imperial Government to its dependencies, British North America is s remarkable illustration of this great fact. Those great provinces have been allowed freely to decide their own fate. If it had pleased diem to {form an independent republic, England might have "regretted the decision, but would have taken no coercive measures to thwart it. But the very freedom of action they have enjoyed has proved to be the best means of retaining the Imperial con nexion. From the 10th of October till the 27th, the conference at Quebec of delegates from the two Ganadas, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick. Prince Edward's Island, and Newfoundland, was in session discussing and elaborating the new constitution of the British North American Provinces. These labors appears to have .been completed with a remarkable exhibition of -statesmanship, good feeling and for bearance, which augurs well for the future. This constitution, or rather the resolutions on which it is to be based, has been'sent over specially in oharge of Mr.M'Donald, a member of the Canadian Government for the formal sanction of the Imperial Government, and with instructions to obtain, if possible, the sanc tion of the Grown to the appointment for life of Prince Alfred as the Royal Viceroy. I send you a copy of the constitution complete, but the following is a summary of its principal pro- visions :— All the proposed arrangements are based upon a continuanoe of the present relations between the colonies and the British Crown. That is to say, the Governor-General will as heretofore be appointed by the Imperial Government ; but there will be a modification of the traditional system to this extent, that the Lieutenant-Governors of the several pro- vinces will hereafter be nominated by the Viceroy, in conjunction with his responsible advisers. The spirit of Conservatism has also entered into the scheme for constituting the new Legislative Council. The members of that august body are to be ap- pointed by the Crown for life ; but the selection will 1? reaUy ma§Bssat of the existing egislative Coun cils by the general Executive Government, upon the recommendation erf the local Govemment?, to that the popular principle, although in a modified form, will have eonaejiUy. With great fairness and mode ration'it is that in the nominations "due regard be had to the claims of the "Opposition in each province, so that all political parties may as nearly as possible be fairly represented." Nothing could more conclusively demonstrate that the dele- gates have endeavored to lay the foundations of a Government which should represent the whole people. The Legislative Council would probably have been made elective if it had not been' necessary to roncQi&te; the French population of Lower Canada, . who were' afraid that a too democratic ;Government, would jeopardise their nationality and -menace those peculiar institutions which they have inherited1 from the times anterior to the conquest. Bat the timidity of this sectional community has not tieen^alloweSiis'' encroaph; any Carfcer npon that \eleotive principle^ which can alone give etability to institutions estab lished in a country situated ll^e this Oanadas and tlie maritime provinces. .The House<of Commons is to.be elected in accordance with' the theory .of representa tion by population. This will at onoe give to Upper Canada the preponderarce which is her .due, andjto the other provinces their fair share of political power. A readjustment is to take place after every deoennisl census; bat as it is provided That Lower Canada shall never have -less than sixty-five members, the same ratio of representation to populaiion wiQ be applied to the colonies generally- every'ten .years, and thus regulate the increase in the1 Tium ber of their representatives. For example,' if it should be found that the ; Stench ? Canadians, with their eixty-five membersj-iiate one representative, for every thirty thousand ?pt?JJla,'T??if' any province which is proved by the official census to hare added to its population to that extent will be entitled to an additional seat; This plan differsTfrom that under which the American Ooaak of Bepreten- - tatiyes is elected in this respect, that whereas jthe numerical strength of thkt assembly' practicd|£'*?? mams49tationaryVan^,th?i^i?t]abutiondf?>sj^WvOT-.; ten Tears ?•wyp Uviuvvme dtbubs *""?* sost?a sOjdsdbe?b- r Lower Canada wUlaiwaysbave her eixty-five represen tatives. In their womng, however, the two eystemtp- as maybe seenJat a glance, wOl-ptere- *übstenttaHy ~ identical; for while Lower if her population should jcemain as it is, will continue-to enjoy themme amount* of representation, the other members <i£3jhe Confederacy will grow in electoral power in propor tion to their augmented cambers. ' Tfafp American' 'Senate, as is well known, is elected by the Legm latures of the respective. States'; and it. might per- ' haps have been weU if the Legislative Council of the new' British JLSnerican^State jrere. appointed_by-the - provincial Legislatures. The general Parliament is . to be elected every five yeara^. coninromise^-ae^t^ would seem/between the advocates of septennial fffi"^ triennial elections. One evD in the United States "has been the election of State judges by* popular.. vote,' and then; :hy die same pleasured She' "Acadians," or OftnMfiiin<proppse^feat all jndges from the higheettoth^ lowest ch^'^iaipqinted by the General ttevenm^^^d, tlieretee^ a gittit' measure, be 'free tern those purely local jnd jpartj^. influences from which? Hie /Bench .should, as Jar as possible, be removed^ : Great care has .been **vrtif4 in defining the powers of Hie General' Government and those of the Provincial LBgislatures.. .The one is empowered to malm law? with reference to Ssuch- mafc-.. ters as the public'debt and property •^fustouuh md excise duties and other mnUp* oftaxatioiL- ? all pnMic ?> works which afleot the general advantage of the pro vinces; military .and naval armaments and national defences; postal aaditeJajrrapbio arrangements; coinage and currency I immigration and agriculture; and so forth. The Provincial LegislatureSjOn the otter hand, are em powered to deal with direct taxation and the imposition of duties oh certain *Bpec£fied -articles ; - all local offices j education ; the sale %nd manage ment of provincial .lands ; and all other subjecte Hie right to regulate 'which, the Constitution does -not. expressly reserve for the action of the generalgovern ment. In no point has the wisdom of the delegates^ been exhibitefl-fo greater-advantage than -in-the - adjustment of whas at one tune promised to be-the supremely "difficult question of the provincial debts. It was, however, found that, with the exception of Newfoundland and Prince Edward's Island, * the" pecuniary obligations of the colonies - were propor? tionately equal.: An average was then struck ;;*nd/ it was resolved that those provinces whose debts worn - above that amount should annually pay 5 per oenti! interest to the general exchequer, while thosecoknues whose debts were below the"average should receive the same rate of interest upon the' difierenoe. Thus the confederation as a whole willTw able to assume the burthens of its several members," without inflict-, ing the shadow of injustice upon any individual colony. ' ' .... ?..'•** It is very doubtful whether Her Majesty will easily " consent to the proposal 46 invest Prince Alfred with the dignity of Viceroy of the-new Confederation. Onr ' sailor- Prince is the heir-apparent of Jtbe Duchy of -Saxe-Ooburg Gotha, a Principality which might be stowed away in any odd corner of Canada. But Queen Victoria's reverence for her late husband is so peo found that it v doubtful if she would be willing to alter, tne arrangement which connects Prince Alfred with theHESe staWln wTnchTrinoe Albert was "born; and perbaps'tbere may be grave constitutional diffi culties in the way of giving effiact to the wishes of "the North American colonists, unless they became abso- ? lately independent of the mother-country, which they do not desire. ' ' "'' . ' Before proceeding to tb.e domestic events of the month, I may notice a question of some interest which has arisen in respect to the discovery of Australia. in_ uMllnei^s : Gallery of Geography," now being pub lished by the Messrs. Chambers, it is stated that :the Dutch were the first Earopeans who obtained any knowledge of Australia. But Mr. Major, of the .British Museum, ias bhown that the .Portuguese were.the first visitors in Australian waters. That gflhtlemab; in a letter.to the Atieneeum, obrrecte some farther inaccuracies,, which, he says, are the*more likely-'to be copied, as the '-'-Early V-oyagas to -Terra Austoatia/ 1' beiag- printed for the Haklayt Sociefy, and the " Discorery of Australia by the Portuguese in 1601/' being printed in the " Arohseologia," are. in the hands of comparatively JEew.. r "finrh inaponnua^j)ccur in-a^ folio Au^eaSiT Atlas by F. Proesche% entered at Stationers' Hall, 1863, at the beginning of which is ail '^qfcltflft ftf f:lm JPjiTH^pflT -W^t^Hynw T^i^m^y^piAM - concerning Aasttalasia,* and in the * Preliminary ObservationB 1 attention is drawn by italics to foe statement that * it would appear from Maroo Polo's indications that the Chinese had, long before the -Portuguese and Dutch, some knowledge of a Great Southern Land.' I have taken pains,^n my * Early Voyages to Terra Australis,' to shoWnot only that' those conclusions were based upon blunders, but also how those blunders had originated.; I pass as trivial the inappropriate use of the -distinguished- name at Captain Flinders with and after mine, -in the words < Messrs. Major and flinders think, 1 as if I had ndd personal communion with one who bad .died four years before I was born, and, as it happens, upon a point in which the negative part only Of the eo^aued thought was advanced by Blinders, and the more positive by myself. Bat what I would especially wish to correot is the misspelling of • Nuoca' .'instead- of: •K"uca? Antara, the name of the north-west ?oast of Australia, discovered in-1601 by iihe Portogoeee ex plorer, Manoel Godinho de Erecba, and also ?he mis spelling of that discoverer's name as Evedia. The.' name of the great navigator De Quirofl is misspelt Tie' Guiros and De Giurps. .The adjective *. Australia' is , separated from its substantive ?Terra, l and- used . several times as if it had been the special name of Australia in olden times, instead ot 'Term Ans tralis,' a general name for the Great Southern Land whose ooaste were as yet imperfectly explored." The frequent Cabinet Councils are a sign that the political season has commenced. At the Ti&rd; Mayor's banquet on the 9th irat, the Chancellor irf the Exchequer took occasion to contradict in an in-, . direct and jocose manner the report" that an early, dissolution of Parliament was intended. It is now-,; understood that there is to .be another sessKrafbf- the/ present Paruament, to be followed by a general dec* - tioninthb autumn. Ministers are now. preparing their programme, and the Morning Pott announces with an air of authority Out as continental afiairs wear so pacific an aspect, and the country has en dorsed the principle of non-intervention, were are to be large reductions in our military and naval eeti- . mates, which will enable Mr. Gladstone -to introduce a very brilliant budget, providing probably for a further reduction in the income tax. and in the Cus toms duties. With popular financial measures, law reforms, and a Bill for utilising educational endow* ments, Ministers may be expected to tide over-the session, and increase their popularity in the country. There is also the promise of lengthened debates, of the transportation question, the North Amflrircui federation scheme, and the utilisation of the sewage . of our towns —a subject which now excites remark able interest. Nor is this surprising. The sewage of London, which will soon be carried down to Barking' Creek andJEritb, is now discovered to be of -griMlt value. Some persons think that it may be made la yield a revenue of more than two -millifw"l,. per annum. The Metropolitan' Board of.. Works and the Court of ' Common Council" are at issue on the subject. The former bave provisionally accepted the tender of Messrs. Hope & Napier to convey the sewage in a culvert further down the Essex coast to the Maplin Sands and Dengie Flats. Those areas of 15,000 or 20,000 acres, they propose by the aid of a public company, to reclaim and irrigate with the sewage, and divide the profits equally between them and the Board. The adoption of the scheme is contingent on parliamentary sanction and a grant of the land from the Crown. There can be no doubt that the whole subject will -be thoroughly sifted before a parr liamentary committee. The plan referred to is based on the theory that the sewage, in order to be of ser vice ought to be concentrated. Another theory, sup ported by the Common Council, is, that this refuse of the metropolis ought to be distributed 'over 500,000 aom.xf twm-iiaidl.SaS-is theory -has *een fortified by m communication from Baron Jjiebig, who dechreT; that town sewage is not' in itself ? perfect manure, that it is deficient in r cer tain elements of fertilization, and that-- conse quently •* ? more suitable for partial and moderate use than for wholesale and,, indiscriminate employ ment. Thisiheme is to Aaery. &c; sewage back again from the ronwToirn to tiia TCampstead-aad -Highgato hills, and feom those elevations to distribute it over agneolture. The large pecuniary value of the sewage wu], no mentary #troggle on the subject, and there is no fear that the interests of the ratepayers will be eventually saariftned bj the House of Commons. Thf- great CTnitommit^>f- trial, conviction, and execution of Mailer for the murder of Mr. Brigge. The trial commenced 011-1110 27a of October, at the Central Criminal Court, began Chief Baron Pollock and Baron Martin. The Btwdtot-Genend prosecuted, anil &Bj; prisoner was fllftrirtnl duefly by Mr. BenerifParr^Tthe German Ijegal Protection Society paying the cost of his defence.; The>main, facts-of this remarkable and worl4-n\t?OUs case will be found in the following out line,? girtittin the.JtaOy-Zretsj.-— . - "On Saturday, the 9th of July, Mr. Briggs, whose residence was at Clapton, dined in the house ,of .his nephew, Mr. Bueban, at Peckham, at S o'clock. tlHx left, accompanied by bis nephew, at half-past .8, and entered aA'Omnibns in the OldEent-road,on Ins way to th* f enchurch-ttree^. Station, when, according to his custom, he would take the ? North London Eail wsy.tD&is;'home. JHe carried'• heavy stick and a black bag, and, being fearful of missing the train, he several times in bis walk to the omnibu? pulled out bis watchrrfligoldim&—attached by a gold chain to his waajtooat. At PenohoH)h by Sihbottne.the'tiolet^lleclor, who'marked his ticket. The train ought to have started at 9-45; but itwwar.fivers r .fiver manatee late; conseqneri?y jhg ; goard before starting. It left the Bow station at 10*1, and three or three and * half minutes-more bronght it to arttoey^w^^ATEGS'last etafibti-Krtr^flrttai the same bank as Mr. Briggs sealed themselves in an oarriage j but almost "immediately they found their hands marked with blood, and called-to j the guard, fie brought a light and discovered spots of blood—not large; for the largest is described as not exceeding the of a .sixpence—, sprinkled on vail -the cushions, - and one or two on tf"* windows .of the, side' next the. platform, and maw* -the engine, or on the left in entering' the carriage. This blood was afterwards proved by Dr. Lemsby-tobe human, and to have ?been living. when abed, and the spots on the window were mixed with particles of brain matter. On the seat next to thiii, window was found Mr.;Brigg?' black bagmarked witti blood, and bis heavy stick, also emeared with blood, except about six inches from the top. On one cushion .was a mark like the wiping of a Moody hand. The outmflelianfUfi of tite further door was bloody, and there was a little blood also on the wheels and stop. .Hiaiiat was not; in the carriage,"but there was a atranga jbat' mnch.hrnised. > Soon afterwards the guard oft^fcam coming" friom the opposite direction observed lying on the way between the two lines ?f rafl?,*bout 700 yards from the .HJwkney Station. lima found to be the body of Mr. Brings, ?tffl i?ifMii£iiiiit iiiiiiiiiiiniln His ieadwas lying in jtmmM&m; in which the train had been going $ from, winch, the Lord Qhief Baron'drew the inference that he most have been pushed out feet foremost — not, #e,may remark, quite a necessary conclusion. On the topof bis head were several wounds, exten sively fracturing the skull, which in the opinion 'of the surgeons most have been committed with a .blunt instrument, and near the ear was a wound which they thought might have been made by a stone on'4he ground. In his pocket some gold and-surer were found, on bis finger^a diamond ring. '• He died (he following night without having spoken coherently. The tram ofjacts jrbieh^ connected JttuDer jri&^lu? mysterious and terrible deed were as follows:—He was a German tailor, who had been several years in this country, Vat had lately formed the intention, whkh he expressed to several persons, of going to AiTMMFii?- A weak or so before the 9th of July, Hafta, another German tailor, had seen_gold and sflver to bis hafid,"aud if was proved that the weekly wages in his trade might be thirty or thirty- five shillings,' bat he was frequently zeduced ; to the neces sity of borrowing small sums, and of pawning a gold watch .and chain that he possessed; . They were in pawn oa the 9th of July. For several weeks prior to that day he had lodged with Mr. and Mrs. Blythe, Old ftord-voad, very ? near to - the Hackneywick station. On the morning of that day he went but to' work at theitop bf'Bepsch, also a German tailor. Bepsch aniThis wife deposed that MuUer changed his boots fdr_slippera.when-atJwork,?ndon leaving in the eveninghe still wore one dipper, as he had hurt his foot, but lie took his boobs with him. He also, in the morning, changed hia> trousers, a new green .and black mixture, for an older pur, but again, put online green and black before leaving. This was about 7 o'clock, or, according to Haffivsta quart* to 8. - He told ffabisSteriOAiiie was eoinjrto ccc a prostitute of the name of?ldred, whom he visited at CamberwelL Both, this^girl, -andi her, landlandy, Mrs. Jones, were rmfli rl.ningiilatljriinnn£hj bj Hin rmirinril fm~ fhn defence" to prove^naSSi. ;But what they did prove' was that Mailer had been that evening at Oamberwell, which is contiguous to Peckham, where Mr. Briggs was dining, and' -whence, on their way' home, both indi viduals would, if they took omnibus. and railway, follow exactly .the, same-route. It was, indeed, sought to'be proved by their evidence that Mailer had been so. late at Oamberwell that he oould not hive taken the same train. Bat they only proved that, according to their clock, Eldred' had gone out at nine ; and Mrs. Jone* thought Mailer called half an-hour after, but he did not stay...A Jimeso vaguely and unsatisfaotoruy fixed by. witnesses forth/), defence of not doubtful character,' could not be taken by the Jury as proving the .impossMity of Muller. being at Fenchnrch-street at' 9^, .:: That he actually was at Oamberwell tbat evening between 7.45 (when he left Haffa) and 9.80, was fixed by, Eldred's recollection of receiving a telegiam,' the date of which was procured from the ofilce. But' after that hoar. Midler.was not seen that night His landlady, sat up for him until 11 o'clock; but he had a lakh-key, and it is not known when lie returned. -He was. there, however, on Sunday, and remained in all day, only taking a walk with his landlord and landlady for three hours in the evening, when he wore a slipper on one foot, and, in their belief, the same clothes that he had on on Saturday. On Monday morning he left their house, as usual, at 7. Just before lO.he was.at the?hopof Mr. Death, a jeweller in Cheapside, exchanging a gold chain, which was afterwards identified.-as j£r.: Briggs's. Between ten and eleven he came to Bepsch's shop, wearing boots on both feet, and a light pair of trousers. The green mixture trousers were not seen again. He then showed aiiew gold chain and seal, the dame that'he had just_got from _Mr. Death Lin exchange.~ t?e^aid'4hafheiad bought them at the docks for £4 2s. He also showed tfae chain to Hafta, and, with, his assistance, pawned-it, as well ?s some clothes, to raise the passage-money to Amaw^. H e first used the sum, however, to redeem his own watch and chain, and then pawned them, and sold the ticket to a companion, raising Wtogelfoer £4 55., the amount of the passages-money.' On Wednesday, the 13th, he took outlUsjpwsageJnJbe sjctoria,-and-wisbed to leave a canvas bag in the'shipping ofso?,';but this was not allowed. He sailed on thVj.4th of July, and vas captured on the 24th Angust. -In his possession was found Mr. Briggs' watch, and a hat which, with that found in the railway carriage, was the main, element in bus'conviotton. Theiiutory of these hate must now be-traoed. Mr.' Briggs, had.' his last hat made to -order by Mr. Diganoe, who .was his, usual; batter, and who was in the habit of marVing {he cus tomer's name inside. The hat found in .MoUer's box was proved by: Utr. Digance to be one of bis; and still more decvavely proved by the whole sale manabetarer -to have been made for him. It diflered, however, from that made to order for Mr. Briggs in the one particular, that it was lower in the crown. Bat it was found that this-arose from its having been cut down an inch or more; the lining also being cut, 'and tile' piece removed in which the name would hare been written. . After this was done it bad been, peatly sewn,-not gummed, as it was said a hatter would : have done. This alteration, however, it was urged, was frequently made in the second-hand bade, and some evidence was brought to show that, if the workmanjjras_Jnja hurry, he might stitch it only, without gumming. Bat then it was answered that the hat in the ordinary course of trade would be only cat down so as to make it (he fashionable height, and that which was found on Muller was reduced below that height^loreover,_he had been seen by several of "the witnesses fo~liare a new bat on the Monday after the murder, and they did not observe that it was lower than wasoommon, though they did observe that it looked like a guinea hat. Muller then stated he had bought it for Us. 60., and that he had crushed his former bat and thrown it into the dust hole. Bat bis former hat was a very remarkable one. Matthews, a cabman, got it for him at his desire at a Mr. Walker's, in the Edgware-roa£L -Mrs. Bepsch had seen this name on the .has. in which Wniinr brought it to her boose. Both swore positively that it had a very singular lining—a blue, black, and white stripe $ and both identified the bat found in the railway. carriage with this of Mailer's. Mr. Walker and his foreman •wore thai it was of their make, and that they had never """*? t according to the former, more than one or two, according to the latter, more than three or four, with such-alining, and -bad-never seen it used by any other maker. It was, in fact, a pattern which had been sent only to them with many others from France. And (Ms hat, on trial, fitted Mailer. Mr. Serjeant Parry made a masterly speech for the pri soner, in which he mainly laid stress upon the &ot; that there wsceJlaKS-in. the evidence, and that prisoner was entitled to-lthe benefit of the doubt-j \--that Mr. Diganoe*'?oaid not ;s wear tfaat the hat pro 4' duoed had been nude for Mr. Btiggs^-tha't Mailer was too dendsr-a nml? nave done Cdeed requiring much physiflal pojrwr4bat, fco6ordmg*to Mr. Lea, two men aat in the carriage witftMr. JSrigge at Bow —-and that it could Improved that If oiler was on his w?y Caniberwell-at the time the murder was committed. -The Chief Baron elaborately sommed I up again?t Mailer, and the Jury required ohly a qtmrter' bf an iioor to agree to their verdict of "Gouty."-"Mr. Baron Martin Iheu pronounced the sentence of death, after which the iron resolution of the prisoner entirely gave way, and declaring that he had not been convicted according to the truth be leftthe dock dissolved in tears. Daring the interval of a fortnight prior to Mailer's execution the public excitement on the subject con tinued. He still continued to maintain his innocence, but?jnduirted-hmTsdfwitfo great propriety mNewgate, so fmnch fo as to satisfy some of his visitors that he was am justly condemned. The German Protection Society were assiduous in collecting foots and rumors, which they pat together in a memorial to Sir Gborge Grey, wholaidjfcjMfore the Judges, and replied that they saw no reason for changing the verdict. All kinds of statements and theories were set afloat, until the public began to think that the ease wu not after all so clear as to justify the extreme and irrevocable penalty. Monday morning, the 14th, came, and found Hie entire space of the Old Bailey and all its approaches crammed withannitfc of some 50,000 persons, a large bomber of whom had been there all night in A drizzling train. V "With the cordaround hia>neck and cap drawn over his face, MullerToonfessed bis guilt to Dr. OappeT, the German clergyman, who had been in constant attendance on him tanefrbSsconvio?on. That minister thusjhimself describes the incident:—"At the last moment the unhappy man, admitted his guilt, with a firmjolaW voiofii ?nS in '-possession of his senses.; and ifcb*s.all the more signification because of tbectoernlly'chosen words he used. The last words exchanged between him and me on the sofiffold areasfollpw:— . ? . , \- *?* Question—Muller, in a few minutes you will stand, before your GocL; I ask yon again, andibr the last time, are yon gaily or innocent? (Mailer, in j^Jp^sjeiranageM.liligj??ii-rtww?ft'Btg^orOott; ioh'frage. Sic noohmals und sumletzteiLMale,Sind'Sie achuldig oder unschuldig ?) . ' ?"c Answer—l am innocent. (loh bin ansohuldig.) ""Question—You are innocent? (Sic eind un schuldig f) ;•?..-? !"• Answer—God knows what I have done. (Gott weiss was ich gethan babe.) f* 'Question —Godknows what you havi done; does he also know if yon; have committed *hi? crime?. Gott weiss was Sic gethaniiabfenj weiss er aooh dass Sic dies Verhreohen,gethan haben ?) *" Answer—Yea, I have done it. (Ja, Ich habe es gethan.)' ; "An hour and ? half before his execution Wntlw had declared himself innocent. I then told him that I would not press him farther, but that my last words to him .would be 'Are you guilty or inno coitP' With an earnest and pensive, look he re mained one or two minutes -silent, standing before me. He then suddenly cried out* with tears in his eyes, and throwing .bis arms round my neck, *Do not leave me—remain with me to the last* I judged by'this that he had determined to make a confession. .Chat this resolution was formed' only at the last moment is quite in keeping with the firmness of his strange character, which kept steadily to a denial of the crime with friend and enemy, until -the very last glimmering of hope had disappeared; and really, his uniform quietude and his mild and seemingly open disposition were enough to enlist the sympathy-of anyone, to disarm distrust, and to deceive com pletely even the mdst experienced judges of human nature.; The persistency of Mailer in his denial was probably owing to his strong love of life, and his seeming frankness partly explains itself by the sup position—of which I ?n fully convinced—that no murder had been intended, bat that die robbery led to the death of the victim?* It is notunUkely that we have witnessed tire iast public execution, in London at least It is thought that the revolting scenes, in the—Old Bailey ?t Mailer's execution will strongly weigh with the Com mission -now considering the whole subject of capital punishments, and induce them to recommend that criminals Bhall be privately executed. A very vigorous agitation is being got up by the Egh Church clergy for the amendment of the law of final appeal in matters of doctrine, and an associa tion has been formed with that object, the Bishop of Oxford, Dr.Vasej, Mr. Keeble,Lord Lyttleton, and' other well-known persons being amongst its sop porters. Of course this movement arises ont of dis satisfaction created by the decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in, the "Essays and Beviews" ease. It is proposed that either convoca tion or all tiie bishops should be a court to try such cases, and (hat no arcb.bi?b.op or bishop shall in future be a member of the Judicial Committee. The Record, on behalf of the -Evangelical—clergy, strongly opposes the new agitation, preferring that Hie interests of the Church of England should remain under .the protection of the lay lords ?than ?of-the bishops, The -Seeord tiaa^fatdblj fltatee- thet>bjedtiDtts-^^t'BidjrSb^"new^^ meat. " When we observe the contemptuous language constantly addressed by ultra-Church organs with reference to the Evangelical clergy; when we observe how they gloat over the coarse attacks of Mr. Spurgeon on those members of the TSnurcb. who do not subscribe to the Popish fig ment of Baptismal Regeneration; when we observe the lofty tone with which this Bishop of Oxford bairns, for our prelates the "infallibility which belongs to the functions -and authority of the inspired Apostles, who derived their commission directly from the Lord Himself, but left no successors to their peculiar office; when we observe the Mariolatry of the Bishop of Salisbury's charge, and his attempt to revive fche monkish system; when we kn6 w that She .sacred; elements are" adored, 7 and the-mass sub stantially celebrated/not only in the diooeses of Exeter, and Salisbury, but in the dioceses of London, of Ghichester, and of Oxford, —we confess that we •look with no little apprehension on schemes for re forming our ecclesiastical appellate jurisdiction "pro ceeding from a quarter whose object it is to crush the lay element in the government of the Church, to destroy the supremacy of the Crown, and to advance the cause of sacerdotal infallibility." It is said; however, that a Bill will be brought in next session, either for creating a new Court of Appeal in matters of doctrine, or for increasing- the number of episcopal assessors who advise-the Judicial Committee in soon mutters, and that Mr. Gladstone is disposed to get his support to it. Bat as a Dis senting paj^rjoatly remarks, .'LihereisinofcHthe least reason for apprehending that any additional liberty will be granted to the Church of England, except she aubinit|to^-ce?espondmg~abridgmenf of her "special privileges. There is an open door yet through which she may walk at any hour she pleases into the enjoy ment of perfect freedom. But there is only one, and we will take care that she does not break out of prison by climbing the walls. And as long as our Episcopalian friends hug their golden chains, and pride themselves on. their-ornamental -beauty, it is very ridiculous and childish of them to bemoan the hindrance they offer to the free use of their limbs." The Bishop of London (Dr. Tait) has stertledljhe world with a remarkable address on science and reve iiUon, introductory to the lecture course of theEdin ?burgh Philosophical Institution, delivered on the 4th met, The report of the address occupies some three or four columns of the Time*, but ttie following-care ful summary of its drift, taken from the Nonconformist newspaper, the editor of which has himself published a. treatise bearing on the subject* will indicate how broad and liberal are Dr. Taitfs views; and how en tirely unable lie is to sympathise with those who pin their faith upon the verbal inspiration of the Scrip tures :—!" The essential harmony between science and revelation, the Bishop contends, is father obscured than exhibited by any unnatural or forced onion ?f the two. Theology and philosophy have each its own department in the boundless field of truth; each its own principles and its own method, and, to some extent also, its own instruments of investigation. But we must be on our guard against a misrepresen tation in' this matter which some scientific men have advanced. Science, it has been said, works by rea son ; religion, and therefore theology, which treats of religion, works by, faith. In fact, however, reason cannot thus be expelled from the. province of religion, unless we are prepared to stake our hopes for eternity on mere feeling,- fancy, or imagination. Conviction of a truth may -be wrought in the mind by spiritual influences, bat truth must always be capable of being subjected to the test of reason. In the examination of the truth revealed, in testing the evidence for its divine origin, and seeing that it is faithfully transmitted, there is full room for the work of reason. Faith, that is, that humble, teachable hibit-of mind which leads man- -to trust God as thcreyealar of the things invisible, does not set reason aside, but works with it and through it, though it strongly feels and asserts its feebleness and inadequacy for the full development of heavenly truth. The position, it must be owned, is not a new one—but as stated and illustrated by the right rev. prelate, it marks out with a precision and a force almost equivalent to novelty, the limits within which reason is bound to exercise its functions in matters of revelation. We heartily agree with him in the remark that 'it would be an evil day for the Christian religion and the Christian Church in which theologians granted that the truths they taught were not to be tested and maintained by reason.' Bat science has not only to do with geology, .astronomy, geography, and mathematics—it concerns itself with ancient history, language, and ethnology—and what holds good of the former must hold good, afed of the latter- Although the Bible does not profess to supply treatises on mathematics, astronomy, geology, or physiology, it does profess to give us much sacred history, "That history seems as much- an integral part of the Bible as its prophetical predictions ?or admonitions, its Bacred songs,* its laws of life." What are we to 4? when common history cuts athwart that which is snored ? Give up our kith in the Utter at "substantially, trueP" No; bat in-forming our judgment we are to consider that history may be sub stantially true which is not necessarily guaranteed by a perpetual miracle in the strict accuracy of all its minute and insignificant details ; .that as God em ployed human instruments to be, in a secondary sense^at least, the authors of the sacred books, so He left them free to show their own character and habits of observation and of thought in matters which were dearly beside'the great Divine message; that we should be cautious not to confound mere traditional expositions of Scripture with the Scripture itself; that we must not forget that arcti&ological; and ethnological researches, however great may have been their progress of late, are fltfll to be regarded as only in their infancy. Wise and modest caution will mitigate, if it do not remove, many alleged difficul ties, and even science itself has by recent discoveries tended strongly to corroborate, even in minute de tails, the essential accuracy of what the Scripture teaohes—while, in reference to not a few of their difficulties and discrepancies, is it wrong to say, "Suppose what you say is true —what on earth does it signify ? How does it affect God's message to my sonl?" The treaty of peace between Denmark and Ger many was signed on October 30, and ratified on the 16th of November. Its provisions are, in the main, such as have, been already described, all being subor dinate to the one'by which Denmark hands over to Austria and Prnssia the Dadhies to be disposed of as they please. It is stated that Herr yon Bismark has been very anxious to annex Schleswig-Holstein to Prussia, and was quite prepared to brave the anger of Austria. Bat Sling William has some conscience. He knew that such an act would involve serious con sequences, and be in flagrant opposition to the wishes of fthe population of the Duchies. He has therefore stood firm, and Sohleswig-Hblstein is to become ?n independent State under the Duke of Augustenburg, and in close alliance with Prussia j but the heavy war expenses of the two great Powers to provide for as the price of deliverance from Danish supremacy. Herr Bismark has already officially reoeived the Dale's envoy at Berlin. But altogether the relations between Austria and Prussia have been greatly weakened, and at Vienna Count Bcehburg has been sacrificed for allowing his Prussian rival to get the advantage of him. Prussia has now got in effect the leadership of Germany. She has reconstituted the Zollverein, which includes such southern States as Bavaria and Wortemburg, Austria being unable to come on account of its high tariff; and the new State of Schleswig- Holstein will be at her beck and call. Prussia is therefore master of the situation, though the middle States can always look to Vienna for protection. But King William has yet to settle accounts with his Parliament. Austria still remains isolated—not having even obtained from her ally the province of help in the re tention of her Italian possessions. Her Reichrath has lately been opened, but neither Hungary, nor Croatia, nor Venetia, nor Bohemia, are represented in it. There is the customary deficit and usual loan, but as there is no prospect of immediate' danger on the side of Italy Austria- is able to reduce her mili tary expenditure. She has not the least idea of be friending the Pope, and Russia still shows her the cold shoulder. It is believed that the Emperor Napoleon is far from having abandoned the Venetian question, and that he is anxiously striving to find some means by which Venetia may be voluntarily surrendered to Italy, and this question so threatening to the peace of Europe removed out of the way. His proposed European Congress is said to be still steadily kept in view, and it is believed that he is not averse to Austria obtaining compensation at the ex pense of the Sultan. After long and animated -debates, which have, on the whole, greatly raised the national reputation, the Italian Chamber of Deputies has adopted the Bill in favor of the Convention with France, and for transferring the capital to Florence by the decisive majority of 296 to 63. The general feeling in Italy appeared to be that the Convention at all events would remove the foreign element from the centre of Italy, and that when once the French bad left Borne they would not be likely to return. Moreover, the Marquis Pepoli, who signed the Convention, and is a cousin of the Emperor Napoleon, gave the impression that that treaty was agreed to by the French sovereign as a counterpoise to the supposed alliance of the three Northern Powers for the settlement of the Schleswig- Holstein and Polish questions among themselves, with a view to draw. Italy more entirely to his side. He said— " It had relieved Italy/ whose influence abroad the French occupation of Rome had diminished; it had asserted her stability and unity, because the transfer of the capital was a serious pledge that France would abandon her ideas of a Federation. The transfer of the capital to the centre of Italy was to give a body to that which had hitherto only been a soul. The speaker repelled vehemently the fear of a cession of territory. The Convention, he said, freed the French Government from the responsibility of a reactionary policy at Rome, and relieved the National party. He hoped the Convention would re-establish confi- France, disturbed by the ?WsMjtrf^lin-f?rmT?r tiPgar?cipate in a Congress.: The task of Italy was to further this alliance, which alone could secure the triumph of liberal ideas. He looked for the success of liberty in the struggle against reaction. He recalled the words of the Emperor Napoleon, that the object of French policy was the reconcilliation of the Church and liberty, and 'said, 'The formula laid down by Count Cavour of a free Church in a free State will bring about this result. The Roman question concerns the liberty of the world because Rome is the centre of European reaction. We cannot obtain conciliation by violence, by stratagem, or by the violation of treaties, but by moral force. A solution obtained by violent means would for a long period compromise even liberty. After the Convention the Austrian question alone remains in Italy. The position created by the Convention compels the Italian Govern ment to advance with liberty. It is necessary to solve the Roman question by demolishing feudal Rome in the interior and in the Italian laws. ' At one time there seemed some probability that the interpretation put upon the Convention in Italy would prove to be fallacious. Influenced apparently by the tenour of the Italian debates, M. Drouyn de Lhuys, the French Foreign Minister, put sundry ca tegorical propositions to M. Nigra, the nature of which is indicated in the reply sent from Turin by General della Marmora, the Prime Minister. The Convention is founded on the principle of non intervention. The Government of the Bong engages itself to interpret the Convention only in a meaning corresponding with the natural sense of the treaty, and thinks its duty absolutely to reserve all other questions but that of the faithful observance of the treaty, i After these distinct statements, it will suffice to allude to the observations made by M. Drouyn de Lhuys. The Convention - provides by positive asur ances for the exigencies and stipulations of the Papacy with regard to France and the Catholic world. The Government repels even the thought of ever having recourse to secret dealings, which it regrets -to have seen mentioned by M—Drouyn-de Lhays, bat it; has entire confidence in the action of civilisation and progress. Both Powers may have their own opinion upon the consequences of this act, but this cannot be the subject of practical discussion from the moment that Italy affirms that if her ten dencies are realised it shall never be by the violation of the treaty. Whatever may be the national aspira tions, independently of the question of a strict execa tion of the treaty, thib is a ground on which the King's Government cannot place itself. The aspira tions of is people belong to its national conscience, and cannot form the subject of an international dis cussion. Reconciliation between Italy and the Papacy has always been an object of the Govern ment, and the Convention will help to attain it. As regards the meaning of the transfer of the capital, facts will speak for themselves. The execution of ibis condition is being prepared, and in a few months (saving its ratification by the Parliament) Florence will be file capital of Italy. Ulterior events cannot be discussed between the two Governments. It is for events to solve the problem. The difference between the scheme of Count Cavour and the Con vention is clear. Italy deems her honor - concerned in continuing the policy of Oount Oavour. M. Drouyn de Lhuys having taken the initiative in mentioning the possibility of a spontaneous revolution in Borne, and of the fell of the temporal power, Italy reserves, as Fmnoe does, her-liberty of action for such a case. Though the French clerical journals pronounce the French Minister's despatch'to be eminently unsatis factory, and the Italian Premier's as worse, the Con ttitutionnel has semi-offioially announced that the two Governments are now. in complete accord as to-the sense and bearing of the Convention. The tenth seems to be that M. Drouyn. de Lluye, who is in favor of the temporal power of the Pope, wished to give a new color to the Convention, but that the Emperor interposed, afraid .to encounter the ire of the Italian people. So fer then as present appearances go. (he French will withdraw from Borne in 1866, the Pope will make no concessions, nor organise a protective force, and the Bomans will make their own terms with the Papal Government, should it remain in the Eternal City. But two years is a long time, and the power of tie Pope great throughout Europe. But there is no reason to believe that the French Govern ment wul refuse to carry out a solemn treaty. Strangely enough all the writers on prophecy concur in fixing upon 1866 as the year which is to witness the down fall of the Papacy. The great American event of the month is the re election of Mr. Lincoln as President of the United States for the ensuing four years by an overwhelming majority. At the time I write, the exact particulars of the election, which took place, on the Bth, have not come to hand.' But^there is little doubt that Mr. Lincoln has obtained 148 of-the 231 Totes of the Electoral College, "and a numerical majority of 400,000 votes. The only states which voted for General MoClellan were New York, New Jersey, Kentucky, arid Missouri, and all of these are not sure. In the State elections also, the Republicans have so larg ly gained as to raise their majority In Congress to two thirds ; wkile Mr, Seymour, (h^Demooratio Governor of Ne? Tpii; h?s feited of re-?l6otion,?Dd ii suc ceeded by Mr. Fenton. 33ie North has thus declared unequivocally for a. continuance of the wait, and against any terms of compromise with the ttouth. One of the first actsot the Congress will, it is said, he to give con etitutional fores to Mr. linooln'-a Emancipation Procla mation of 1862. At the eleotions on tie Bth all the predictions of disturbances ware falsified, especially in Sew York, where there ifi generally some disorder on these occasions. But General Batter was pat in com mand there, and his mere name appeals to have struck terror into the rowdies of that city. evening of the 10th the Bepuhlicans of Washington paid. a visit to the White House, and were briefly addressed by the President, mho said:—The strife of the election is but human nature practically applied to the facts of the case. What has occurred in this case must ever recur in similar cases. Human nature will not change. In any future great nations! trial, compared with the men of this, we shall have as weak and as strong, as silly and as wise, as bad and as : good- Let us, therefore, study the incidents of this as : philosophy to learn wisdom from, and none of them as wrongs to be avenged. (Cheers) -Bat the election, along with its incidental and undesirable strife, has done good too. It has demonstrated that a people's Govern ment can sustain a national election in the midst of a great civil war. (Benewed cheers.) Until now it has not been known to the world that this was a possibility. It shows also how sound and how strong we still are. it shows that, even among the candidates of the same party, he who is most devoted to the Union and most opposed to treason can receive most of the people's votes. (Applause) It shows also, to the extent yet known, that we have more men now than we had when the war began. Gold is good in its place; but living, brave, and patriotio men are better than gold, (Cheers and other demonstrations of applause.) Bat the rebellion continues, and, now that the election is over, may "not all having a common; in terest reunite in a common effort to save our common country ? (Cheers.) For my own part, I have striven and shall strive to avoid -placing any obstacle in the way. (Cheers.) So long as f have beea here I have not willingly planted a thorn in any man's bosom. While I am duly sensible to the high compliment of a re-election, and duly grateful, as I trust, to Almighty God for having directed my countrymen to a right oonclnsibn, as I think, for their gaod, it adds ""thing to my satis faction that any other man -may be disappointed by the resale (Cheers.) Hay I ask those who have not differed -from me to join with us in the same spirit towards those who have." - One day before the Presidential Election in the North, the .Southern Congress assembled at Washington, and President Davis delivered his inaugural address. ' It breathes a spirit of resolution and confidence as to the issue of the struggle, tot the most impsrtant passages were those which referred to the proposed arming of slaves, a measure which had beenformauy recommended at a meeting of the Governors of the Confederate States a few weeks before. Mr. Davis'dpes not approve of the proposal, but suggests that the present system of em ploying the blacks as drivers, cooks, and in the service of the hospitals, might be extended with advantage. He proposes, therefore, that the present number of negroes in the service of the armies be augmented to 40,000, that part of the levy be employed as pioneers and engineer laborers, and that on their dis chargeall-the'Elaves engagSd shall receive their freedom as part of their reward. Should it become a question between subjugation or the employment of the clave as aoombatant, "there is no reason to doubt what would then be the decision." At present he is opposed to that step, but "if the recommendation above made, for the training of 40,000 negroes for the service indicated, ehaU meet your approval, it is certain that even this limited number, by their preparatory training in intermediate duties, would form a more valuable reserve force in case of mgency than threefold their number suddenly called from field labour; while a fash levy could, to a certain extent, supply their places in the special service for which they are now employed." The message concludes with a reference to negotia tions for peace. The Southern Government, he asierts, is prepared to enter into them, if proposed on the basis of the full independence of the Confederacy. He also admits that same parties .in the North are willing to "substitute reason for force;" but the Northern Government will listen to no terms except unconditional submission. Till the delusion that the North can' conquer the Southern territory by force of arms is dispelled there is no hope of a cessation of hos tilities. Unless desired by both parties, peace is impos-. able. But we believe there is a fast growing conviction in the North that it is not to the interest of (he United States to continue a struggle in which success is unattainable. When that opinion has taken root in the minds of the. majority, the wish for peace will produce that willingness to negotiate now limited to the Southern Governmentand people. In one of his recent speeches, President Davis said that two thirds of those who had been conscripted were not in the ranks. Very tempting terms have therefore been offered to them to return, and, in addition, the Southern Congress was discussing a bHI for enlisting all white men between 18 and 45, and revoking all excep tions. It is hoped that by thi? means the Confederate forces will be brought np to suoh-a strength as will enabje them to carry on next year's campaign with success. ? The war proceeds with varying success. In the Shenandoah Valley, Sheridan -obtained a remarkable victory over Early last month. On the 18th his army was at Strasburg, and himself at Winchester. Reinforced from Richmond, Early advanced against the Federals daring a dense fog, flanked them, and drove them back in great disorder. Sheridan hastened from Winchester to find his army defeated. He rallied them, returned to the attack, drove back the Confederates to Fisher's Hill, though with a loss of come 5,000 men,, recaptured some 20 cannon, and Borne 30 more,, besides jnany j)riaonei?i. but he was too weak to pursuaTfhe advantage, and lias since retired to Winchester. Barly attributes hie defeat to the plundering propensities of his troops. There is no marked change in the state of affaire before Rich mond and Petersburg, except that Grant has consider ably extended his long line of entrenchments to the left nearer to the Southside Hallway, his object being to oblige his antagonist to evacuate Petersburg and retire to his inner line of defenoa. Farngut has found it im possible to approach Mobile, and the rumour of a pro bable attack on Wilmington has not yet been realised, the season being probably too late. ThewarinGeorgia and North Alabama has undergone considerable change, which is sufficiently indicated in the summary of the month'e news, Our information as to the events of the American war is mainly derived from Northern sources. It is therefore only fair to give President Davis'e version of the results of this year's campaign as contained in his late message. ? "At the beginning of the year (he says) the State of Texas was partially in the possession of the Federals, and large portions of Louisiana and Arkansas were apparently defenceless. Now, of the Federal troops who invaded Texas none are known to remain, except a prisoner of war. In the north-west of Louisiana a, nu merous army, aided by a powerful flotilla, has been de feated, and deemed itself fortunate in escaping with the loss of a third of its numbers, a large part of its mili tary trains, and many transports and gunboats. Toe Federal occupation of tins State is now reduced to the narrow district commanded by the guns of the Northern "fleet. Arkansas has been recovered, with the exception' of a few fortified posts, and the Southern forces have penetrated into Central Missouri. To the east of the river Mississippi extensive districts have also been recovered; the whole of the north and we?t of the State of Mississippi, af Northern Alabama, and of Wes tern Tennessee are again in the possession of the Con federacy, and on the seaboard and Gulf coast of the South, the Federals, with all their naval power, have taken, only the outer defences of Mobile Bay. The resistance against the two great Federal armies operating in Virginia has been even more successful. The Northern troops have been defeated at Lynchburg and flaltville, part of Eastern Tennessee has been retaken by the South, and ell the attempts to capture Richmond and Petersburg have failed. From the occupation of At lanta Mr. Davis asserts that the Fe lends have derived no advantage, as they hare been again compelled to retreat on the line of their advance without'obtaining control of a single mile of territory beyond the track of their march. The wilful devastation of part of the lower valley of Virginia, - Mr. Davis denounces as an "infamous expedient." The President then notices the delusion, cherished by the North, that the possession of oertain places will terminate the war and compel the submission of the tonthem people. The capture of Atlanta effected nothing towards this result, nor would the evacuation of ftichmond. "In fact," says Mr. Davis—'* There are no vital points on the preservation of which the con tinued existence of the Confederacy depends. There is no military success of the enemy which ***" accomplish its destruction. Not the fall of Richmond, nor Wil mington, nor Charleston, nor Savanah, nor Mobile, nor of all combined, can save the enemy from the constant and exhaustive drain of blood and treasure which must continue until he shall discover that no peace is attainable unless based on the recognition of our inde feasible rights." 