flrrftjgji of fbt M art. ENGLISH AND FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. (From Ore Ilcrald's City Correspondent. 1 London, Saturday. Junk 3. Oovtfl'NicATiONS have been going on for a considerable lime between the United States and the British Govern' uent wit regard to the captures made by the Alabama and ether Confederate cruisers, all of the same tenor, but it is impossible to say safely what will be the result. The Canadian Delegates are about to return home. There ie complete unison between their views and those of her Majesty's Governmait, for the fortifioation of Montreal and Quebec, and for the general defence of Canada. Tbe Emperor of the French has addressed avcry sharp letter t* Prince Napoleon, censuring him for his spoecb at the inauguration of the statue to the First Napoleon, and to con Kouenoe the Prince has resigned his post of Vice-President of tbe Council and the Presidency of the Commission of the iT-imvcal 'RvhihitiaTl fif 1667. The Emperor Napoleon *o 11.1.11, Prince Napoleon. -Koneicuram) very dear OotwSa,— 1 cannot help apprising you ri-hc painful Impression I 'have experienced on reading your tpeech delivered at AJaceio. in leading yon, during my absence, war ibe Kmf row and my «», as Vice-President of the Privy Council, 1 meant to give you a proof of my friendship and my «-«itidenee,*and 1 hoped that your presence, your conduct, and ^our laopuegc would certify to the union which reigns in our iamily. '-Fhc political programme which you place under tbe aris of the Emperor can«only serve the enemies of my Govern ment. Te judgments vAkh I cannot adroit, you add sentiments fl hatred and ranocmr which arc no longer of onr time. Id order to know bow to apply the ideas of the Empcrov io the present time, it is necen&cry; to have pissed through lit sttcn trials of responsibility and power. And, besides, are wc wdlyrapaWe, pigmies a«we are, of appreciating at its just value tbe grand historical figure of Napoleon ? As if standing before a (Otortal statue, wc !arc unable to view the whole at oncc. ' Wc ontvswthc ride irtiich strikes our sight; hence the incomplcte the reproduction and the divergences of opinions. Bat »La-.i«clcar to thfcyt-sof everyone is, that to prevent anarchy in net's inindB— that redoubtable enemy of true liberty —the lim irfror Lad '?stablistaed, first in his family, and afterwards in hi* -.-Avn.m' nt, that severe discipline which admitted but on'.* will ,itn1 or, r action : I cannot henceforth deviate from the same r.ilr «] conduct. 'Whereon, Monsieur and deer ooi.sin, 1 pray God to i*h con in hV holy keeping, '* Naioi.kon.' M. Elviu, Chief of the Cnl»inet of the Emperor Maxi milian, of Mexico, arrived in Paris last .Sunday, on a special mission to the Emperor. It is quite plain enough that his object bos been in part to acquaint both the Emperor of the Iren'ch end the Emperor of Austria as to the real state of nfiain in Mexico, and, doubtless, to prepare the way for his return home in the event of danger. A Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and the Mverein was signed at Berlin, on Tuesday. The Emperor of Austria will meet the King of Prussia at Carlsbad, on the 16th instant. Mr. Jefferson Davis and family, vrith Messrs. Stephens. C. Clay, General Wheeler, and others arrived at Fore Monroe, on the 19th May, and are confined in the fort. No-evidence as yet has been adduced at the trial of the Srties accused of the murder of Mr. Lincoln implicating r.defferson Davis, or the rest of the persons included in Mr. Johnson's proclamation. Governor Browne, of Georgia, has been confined in the ?Id 'Capitol prison, and it is understood that he will be a witnesB to prove the complicity of Mr. Davis in Lincoln's assassination. Mr. Stanton has offered a reward of 25,000 dollarsfor the apprehension of Governor Smith (Confederate), of Virginia. ifeagruder made a speech at Kouster, Texas, on the 25th May, in which he declared his determination to continue ihe war, but, nevertheless, tbe war is over— there ia no Government, no agents, &c.; ? Mr. Stanton lias issued an order declaring -that, as all 1k rebel troops east of the Mississippi River had sur rendered, any one found in arms in that district would be punished with death. General Sherman has refused to meet, apeak to, or com* tenmicste with General Halieck. The negroes in North Carolina have petitioned President Johnson for the right of suffrage. Upon the publication of an order from General Gohofield, that all negroes in North Carolina were free, many had refused to work, and demanded free support from their masters. Conflicts between them had occurred, necessi tating the sending of Federal troops to protect the whites and compel the blacks to work end support themselves. Dr Blackburn, accused of attempting to introduce the yellow fever into New York, by means of infected clothing from Bermuda, has been arrested at Montreal, on a charge of committing a breach of the Neutrality laws. In Mexico the Republicans are making greater progress, and promise to cause great difficulty to the Imperial Government, The Bank of England rate of discount was lowered to 3\ per cent, last Thursday, and there is every prospect of the rate going lower. Money is most abundant, and not wanted* The consecration of Dr. Manning as Reman Catholic Archbishop of Westminster will take place at Aloorfields, -jd the 18 th instant. The Atlantic telegraph cable was formally completed last Monday, in the presence ofa large scientific company. Its length is 2600 statute miles, and it has been manufactured complete at .the rate of fifteen to seventeen miles a day. Charles Waterton, the great traveller and naturalise, died last Saturday morning, at hi6 residence, Walton Hall, near Wakefield. Although he had reached his eighty-third year, he was, up to the 25th, hale and vigorous beyond the com mob lot of those of his time of life* On that day he met vith an accident by falling from a rustic bridge spanning a winding the hall, and the shock was too great for the sys tem to rally from it. The Rev. Canon Brown, before death, administered to him the last rites of the Roman Catholic Church, and it is understood that the Fepe telegraphed his benediction to him. He was born at Walton-Kali, and on his father's side was descended in a direct line from Sir Thomas More. On hi6 mother's side he was akin -to the Bediog fields of Oxbuiy, to the Charletons of Ha&leside;, and to the Swinburnes of Capheaton. The Watertons emigrated into Yorkshire some centuries ago, from their family seat.^ bearing their own name, in the island of Axholm, in* Lincolnshire. He received his education at Slonyhurst, the celebrated college of the Jesuits, in Lancashire, where he remained until nearly twenty-one years of age. He there be came an elegant Latin scholar, and renounced -for ever the use ofrine and spirituous liquors. Hie loveof natural history of ten led him into playing truant, but eventually-his instructors javehim full liberty to pursue his favouriterfudy. Soon after taring Stonyhursthe made a tour into 'Spain, where he met vith many strange adventures — fever, earthquakes, &c.;, and vas seized with sickness on his return home. In 1801 he went to superintend his uncle's estates in Demerara. In 1812, his father and unele being dead, be delivered up his trott, and all subsequent visits which he paid to South America were undertaken with no other object in view than tbe pursuit of natural history. His reputation as a naturalist was world-renowned, 44 Waterton's. Wanderings in South America' having been read wherever the English umgue has penetrated. One of his well- known traits was never to allow a shot to be fired in his grounds except to keep down the rabbits which infested it. Theresult is that is Walton Park many a rare bird and haa found a Laust in safety, and herons other equally shy birds remain unmoved at the report of a gun. The 'instructions which he left concerning his funeral .arc some what remarkable. A mausoleum for tbe ? reception of bis body has long been built near the end of the lake, beneath tbe over-hanging *6hade of ?two venerable oaks. The body is not tone carried to the tomb by land, but is to be conveyed the whale length of tbe hke in a boat : tbe mourners to follow in other boats. The foaeral will take place -ra Saturday next, and by his last wishes will be strictly private in its character. ^He had ^jittea his own epitaph. In Latin. The translation is this : for the soul of Charles Waterton, born June, 1782, whoee wearied bones rest here.' ' the great race of the year— the Derby — is celebrated this year by the signal defeat of all the English, horses, by tbe .trench horse (as he is called) Gladiateur, owned by Count ?teffmnd. The herse is, however, of pure English. breed, sao only 44 foaled in France.' T, Saturday, June 10. a . 0688 Wales has been safely delivered of another Prince, and, as on the first occasion, het confi acmen t ''J®? sudden and without any prolonged warning. Ibe English Government has officially notified the,with ^rawal of belligerent rights from the ships of the Confederate j?9, ^y^bnowinBritidiporte are forthwith to depart, ?™wr the Jut time, the United States ships that may be patching them will be prohibited from doing so before the ?jfrpsja. twenty- four hours; but if the commanders of. the ?wiaeterate veesels desire to divest of their warlike ^ctertheycando.so. Go^rnnf^t. n°^ca^0D been issued by the French .^F^jssty'sGovernmenthas Biade an offer of a pension * *1600 .atyear to Mrs. Cobden, in recognition of the dSv6?} of . her late husband; but it has been wumed, as of family are in circumstances to ro qnae any such provision. .ij* -was on Thursday formally consecrated w chapel, as Roman Catholic Archbishoo of » The „ ceremony was as magnificent and im as only the Remen . Catholic Church can make it. ' JzJP'**** bishop was Bishop Ullathcrne, of Bir pSf^irv afi6^8^ by Sfchop Browne, of Newport, and , lfiiiop Turner, .of SaHbrd. AH the Ambassadors of the Roman Catholic Powers were present, ^prtwnted Roman Catholic femuy was bS Paxtan -Ue-3 on Thursday, at his residence, JbSJ mi* Sydenham, in hk sixty-third year, after some eexr lUnaae, Who and what he was is not necessary for ,Eay 'His works live after him.' He was the -g*at gardener ' of the age. _.rf.e Emperor Napoleon arrived at T«ulon yesterday iSSi! ^ Algiers. On his visit to Constantino, he uSiw -j6 chieis to dine with him, when his Majesty liivwL* a * * be desired to see the , Arabs become, by hv tSL,'4? ^ucation, fitted to fill every post now occupied objects, and it was his wish that every inairi ^ BerV3C6e ^ intelligance, should rise J!a Austria arrived at Pesth on Tuesday, ^ address from the Hungarian nobility that nf a** ^wer to realise a mutual wish on his part sad Kiygpj. he would submit to the coronation as Prussian Chamber of Deputies has by a luge Government bul for an increase in the Hcrr Von Bismark has said that the non-settlement of the Duchies is attributable to the dilatory declarations of the Duko of Augustcnburg. The Trinccss Dogmar of Dcnmavk has received the Order of 8t. Anne of Rufbia, with -i dotation of 40,000 uubfan ywnly. Bho will viidi 8t. Potcrfcburgh thia Eumtmir. TbeRuKsian squadron, with thcremrineof the &Aretgtch;, arrived in Danish waters on the 28th ult., in view ot Nyborg, when King Christian IX.t accompanied by the Prince Royal, Ac., repaired immediately on board the Alexander Newshy, and attended a religious service in the chapel ardente containing the remains of the late Grand Duke, and laid on tbe^ coffin a wreath of flowers as a last remem brance of the Princess Dagmar to her affianced husband. The Prince Royal of Denmark will bo present at St Peters burg at the approaching funeral of the late Czare witch. The Grand J ury at Washington have returned true bills of indictment for treason against Mr. Jefferson Davis and General Breckinridge. General Lee is also to be arrested and indicted for treason. Mr. Davis ib not only most rigorously guarded, but has been basely subjected to the indignity of being heavily manacled and debarred from light. The details are most horrible. The conspiracy trials are proceeding. Genera) Kirby Smith has surrendered the whole of his amy on the terms granted to Lee and Johnson ; so that, practice Uy, the war may be said to be at an end. President Johnson ha6 issued an amnesty proclamation in favour of all persons engaged in the rebellion, exoept civil and diplomatic officers, governors of States, superior officers in tbe army and navy, pirates, border raiders, and persons whose taxable property exceeds 20,900 dollars. In fact, the exemptions are of «o extensive a kind as to include in the charge of treason almost every one in the South. He has also opened a proclamation -opening all the ports in the South to foreign trade after the left. July next, except the Port of Texas. Saturday, June 17. Tbe Roman Catholic Oath Bill has passed through com mittee -of the !H erase of Commons, and thus the scandal and reproach of the old oath are done away with. Tbe infant Prince of the Princess of WaleB is to l-e christened Albert Christian Emanuel, and to be known under ihc name of Prince Christian. Attbe suggestion of tbo Emperor Napoleon, the English ironclad fleet will visit tbo coast of France, and the French fleot the coast of -England, after which the two will form a junction at Plymouth about the middle of next month, when it i6 thought her Majesty may be induced to b-; present. One of tbe finest hotels in all the world was opened last Saturday, ooTumencing with tho entrance of the Priuue of Wales at 1 o'clock, and continuing in one unbroken strewn of noble visitors until 7 o'clock. It is of gigantic hiae, has 7 stories and 700 rooms (fireproof), 14- lavatories. 300 waterclosets, 116 servants, Arc. Tho case of the Itoupell forgeries is to be revived, Wil liam Koupcll will be placed in the witness box to prove the forgery, and if he succeeds the whole of the family property, of which .£300,000 will revert to his family at once, and the remainder as a matter of course. Mr. Gavan Duffy has been entertained at adinner in St. James's Ilall, by about one hundred Irish members of Parliament and Australian gentlemen in London. In re turning thanks for the toast of his health, he made the fol lowing remarks in defence of the system of representation ?adopted in the Australian colonies, recently made the subject of attack in the Bouse of Commons : — All the famnntions ot Europe would not have drawn him ? across the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans if there had not been also ? on the other side the friends of his early manhood! It was in Ireland chiefly that he expected to meet them, but he was re joiced and moved to see round that table men with whom he had been associated— sonar earlier, some later — over the entire period during which he had been connected with public affairs. Finding himself again among so many old allies and associates, his first impulse naturally was to recur to the subject which they had treated in common — the politics of Ireland. But many considerations retrained him from doing so. Return ing after an abecnee of nearly ten year's, and from a distance of more than 13,006 miles, he desired to 6ec and hear rather than attempt to teach ; especially as almost every man ' there tiom his position and duties might rather teach him. lie rather turned to a country, of which be might speak 1 firmly as having a recent knowledge of it, and in respect of which : he bad only to guard against the temptation to exaggerate its advantages which sprang from a sense of gratitude. No man, indeed, had more reason to be grateful. He had found in that - country all the essential conditions of happiness — work to do, - wl ich be was pleased to be engaged in, and which had sufficient success to be easy and agreeable — a liberal and even a bountiful reward for labour — friends, health, and contentment. Coming hack with such recollections and impressions, he felt surprised ana wounded at tbe tone which prevail «i in respect of the Australian oolonies in the J'rcss and in the Parliament of this country. He . thought there was a great mistake of policy, and a strange lack ' of good feeling, in the eagerness with which every fact that ?appeared to damage or lower the reputation of the Australian communities was received in England. A oentury ago the same prejudices existed towards the colo nics of North America ; and the evil consequences had not died' out yet, and perhaps would never die out. If there were a less friendly feeling towards this eountry in the America of Andrew' Johnson than in the America of George Washington, the chief cause be believed was tbe ill-feeling created by the contemptuous ; criticism in England. Wc are pur, /.led to account for this senti ment towards Australia. What had Victoria, for example, done . to provoke hostility ? She had never cost the Imperial treasury a guinea except for strictly Imperial purposes. She had managed her own affairs without pestering the Imperial Parliament, and managed them with notable success ; she had poured a tide of gold — -averaging nearly a quarter of a million sterling every — for the last do/.en years into the commercial capital of England, and from which wealth every class and almost every individual in this community was more prosperous than he would olhcrujs-c have been. In the reform debate Mr. Gregory read an extractlrom an Australian newspaper to show how the Legislative 1 Assembly in Victoria under democratic influence had refused to grant i!')0,000 a year in aid of the assisted female immigration, 1 notwitbhtanding' a great inequality of tbe sexes in our popula tion. But Nr. Gregory had omitted to tell Parliament the extract was from a newspaper nearly five years old; and he omiucd to tell Parliament, if he knew it, that every year since the date of that paper, £50,000 a year had actually been spent . on assisted immigration; in fact, the London daily papers of the very w cek in which this speech was made contained i advertisements offering free parage to the colony of Victoria to suitable female immigrants. If Mr. Gregopy ' wished to present to Parliament a startling contrast between the old country and the new, he would furnish ! hid our which had the advantage of being founded oo , He might ride over a' district in Victoria larger than . the county he represented without meeting a man who had ' not sufficient to eat and drink and wear, and without seeing a \ farmer who did not own the land be tilled in fee simple, or held . i ton terms of indeiicndcnce, without seeing a clergyman living at the- cost of the country without a fiock, or a church built by the Suite without a congregation. When Mr. Gregory could «ay as much for Galway he might throw the first stone at Australia. Bet on the same* evening a much more important person, and one who ought to know Australia better, had been nearly as '' completely mistaken. He declared that the democracy of Victoria ? were prevented from applying for the franchise because a regis- ! trfltion fccofle. had been established by law, which they con sidered too high a price to pay for enfranchisement. But the fact was, that to whatever extent the new system had diminished ihc number of electors— and the extent was much less th/m ixjwe supposed— it had not arisen from the paltry fee, but from the necessity of personal attendance at t&e; registrar's office. He would cite against the conclusions of a political philosopher like Mr. Lowe, the - doctrine of a greater political philosopher, Edmund Burke— that 1 it was a more natural and tolerable evil that Parliament should i be infected even with popular epidemics, as this would indicate \ some consanguinity with the nation, than that they should be , wholly untouched (as a certain moribund House of Commons ] seemed. to be), by the opinions and feelings out of doors* He . a&ed; the gentlemen around him to remember that the people of Australia were simply their own countrymen who had passed , through the tropics to a new home ; that they were not the worse I tor that oo venture, but ratner wc Dcrcer, as evincing tneir cout* ^ age and -self-reliance, and that the friends whom they had left behind ought to rejoice in their prosperity, and fed that their ; character was part of the possessions of this country. ' Thro* fearful railway accidents have taken place last week , end this, two on the South-Eastern, and the other Shrews- ? bury and Chester. Numerous deaths on all took place, and . the nrartber of persons injured was very great. 1 The (bank rate of discount was lowered on Thursday to 3 ? per oent. end it is not expected to golower, at least not for ? some tine at least. The present reduction, however, has failed to -gjve any stimulus to trade, which keeps generally j dull. ' The Emperor Napoleon returned to Paris last Saturday : evening:, -and was enthusiastically received everywhere. The French, afrd the Spanish Governments have both given official public notioe that they have oeased to extend belligerent.rights to the Confederate States of America, and ordering that no Confederate vessels, as such, shall be ad mitted into'French and Spanish ports. [ An iron;platcd ship, on a new plan, has just been launched at Toulon. . bhe is intended to act against an op- : ponent by her. weight sad speed . She is to be dnven stem on , against a wooden frigate, which she is expected to cut in two. The expeiimcnt. will then be repeated against a iine of- battle ship. A new electric infernal machine has been invented in France, and will be tried at Toulon also, by which iron clads can, It is.said, be '! instantaneously destroyed.' The Princess Dagmar, -who entered the Greek Church on becoming oontcacted to the late heir to the Russian . throne, has now returned to the Protestant faith. She at once disproves a report generally current that she was to be engaged to the present heir. Heir von Bismaik has addressed a despatch to the Aus trian Government, strongly supporting the reservation made by the Grand Duke of Oldenburg on the question of the Duchies, and strongly urges the necessity «f placing both pretenders on an equal footing. The Law Officers of the Grown of Austria ore -expected shortly to close their inquiry into the Succession question. The Emperor of Austria yesterday week left Pesth, on ihie return to Vienna from Hungasy. The Russian squadron, having the body of the Czare -witch on board, arrived in Russian waters on the 2nd instant, and was met -by his Majesty the Emperor and the Crown Prince of Denmark in a steamer. A grand funeral ceremony took place on board the Alexander Neveky. The Emperor, his royal visitors, membersnf the Imperial family, and suite, all held burning -tapers around the coffin, {The removal of the body from Cronetadt to the Cathedral of -St Peter and St. Paul -took place on (he 6th instant with seat solemnity in the presence of the whole popola- f tion of St Petersburg. The Emperor in person, with the ! Grand Dukes and aide- de-camps, carried the coffin from the ! yacht .qssd placed it on the fuseral oar, and afterwards earned it into the aathedral, when the lid was removed, and the body.oarried with the funeral pell as high as the chest. The Service for the Dead having been performed, his Majesty and all the members of the fiupjly embraced the body, which will lie in state for some days. Mr. Davis has been removed to the Gapitol Prison at 'Washington, His wumades have been removed, and he' has been better dreated, on the demands of his physicians, ae he was tut sinking beneath the brutal treatment he was subjected to. He wul be tried by the District Supreme Court, under Judge Carter, and wul be dflfteded by Mr. Charles O'Connor. ' A jeteat naethH mppwt oTPvestat Mnwo'e Adnu&istrution; had been held at the Cooper Institution. Addresses and resolutions approved of his policy, as far as it* had gone, ond agreed with him that treason was the . greatest of all crimes, and nrast be punished as such; advocated negro suffrage ; declared that the Monroe doc trine must be maintained at all hazards; and thai in demnity must be demanded of Great Britain for the depre dations of the Confederate cruisere. General Loc and the Confederate loaders are aluo to be tried on a charge of treason. The Federal Government had dispatched an extensive military and naval expedition to Texas. The Confederate General Hood has offered to surrender to General Davidson, at Natchez. The Conspiracy trials are still going on. The evidence of three witnesses (taken during tho secret ecBsion of the trial, and hitherto suppressed), had been published by order of Government, ft directly inculpates Mr. jeffereon Davis and other leaders in the assassination of Mr. Linooln — plot to burn New York and other Northern cities— introduce yellow fever— and poison the water in the cotton reservoir. This testimony, it is something to say, is looked upon with suspicion in America, and in England with contempt. Johnson has ordered the release of military prisoners above the rank of major, who had boon sentenced to ini 'prisonmcnt during thenar,' and of naval prisoners below tbe rank of captain. He has notified that to all persons in the exoepted classes in his reoent amnesty proclamation who shall make special spplication.to him for- pardon, such clemency will be shown as may be consistent with the facts of the case, and the dig nity and peace of the United States. Her Majesty the Queen and Royal Family have returned to Windsor Castle from Scotland. Saturday, June.24. Tbe introduction of Roman Catholic practices into the worship of the Church of England at several churches in London and other places, has been made the subject of conversation in the House ef Lords, when tbe Bishop of London said that he was quite ready to use his authority and power in checking these practices, whenever he could do so legally and with any prospect of success. Lord Ebury eaid that the Government or the Bench of Bishops ought to take the matter up without delay. The Emperor Napoleon received Prince Napoleon on Tuesday, but as the latter has since announced that he is about to retire to his private estate, it shows that tbe two cousins arc not reconciled. The Cabinet of Marshal Narvaez has resigned, and Marshal O'Donnell has ogain returned to power in Spain. Austria firmly rejects the demande of Prussia for the re- i moval of (he Duke of Augustcuburg from Iiolstein. The Prussian Chambers were prorogued last Saturday with a speech from the Throne. His Majesty admitted that tbe session had closed with mutual estrangement, but that tbe Government would continue to be carried on according to the wants of the country. In reply, the President SEid that no understanding hod been arrived at, because toe Government demanded the submission of the Chamber, and that the cflorts to transform a constitutional into an absolute Police and Military State had u reached its utmost limit.' The following is a summary of the Speech from the Throne, which was read by Herr von Bismark : — The combined efforts of tec representatives and the Govern ment could only have led to Oecirive results if the welfare of the country bad continued, even in the face of political dissension, to be the supreme object of all parties. But such has net been the case. The dearly expressed intention of the majority of the Lower House to place difficulties in the way of the Ministry has proved detrimental to the material welfare of the country. By rejecting the Budget and -tee Bills for the re -organisation of the army, the increase of the Prussian fleet, and the expenses of the war with Denmark, the Chamber of Deputies has refused demands which tec Govern ment was compelled to make. The Chamber has adopted resolu tions which the Government cannot carry out. Instead of the desired undcrstandinghaving been arrived at, the Session doses with the impression of 'mutual estrangement. The Government will continue to conduct public affairs according to tec wants of the country, and will vigorously represent the interests of Prussia bote at borne and abroad. It hopes that tee day-is not far dis tant when the nation, through its representatives, will express to the-'King its approval and thanks forteccoursc-Which has been pursued. His Majesty thanks the Upper House for the devotion and fidelity it has again displayed during this session. After the ceremony of proroguing the Chambers, Herr ?Grabow, President of tho Lower House, made a speech, iu which he enumerated the events of the Session, and con tinued &6 follows : — The debates have furnished a gloomy picture of tec internal condition of tee-country, and have confirmed whatl stated in my speech at the opening of the Chambers. The speech from the throne complains that no understanding has been arrived at ; but what the Government demanded was the submission of tec Chamber. The efforts to transform a constitutional into an abso lute police and -military State have reached the utmost limit, but : ' they will wreck upon the loyalty of tee people to the constitution manifested by thrice electing its representatives. The session has not been without results. Commercial treaties have been sano tioncd, and measures for the extension of railways passed. Let ue gather around the Constitution and Sovereign who has sworn ? to protect it. A Polite deputation has presented 'an address of con- ' dolence to the Emperor on the death Of the Cxarewich. In reply, hisMajesty deplored the results of late events, and declared that he will never tolerate tee separation of Poland irom Russia. 1 willingly believe in the sincerity^'.1 your feelings, and wish that they may be 6harcd by the majority of tec Polish pccplc. This would be tee best guarantee against' any return of tee late trials — be the medium of transmitting to vour misguided countrymen the words ) uttered on my first visit to Warsaw, in 165G, — ' no* dreams.' Had they followed zny advice, many mis fortunes might have been averted. My love belongs eqinflly to all my subjects, whether Russians, Poles, Fins, or Lironians ; hut 1 will -never tolerate the idea of separating the Kingdom of Poland from Russia. My successor, if worthy to succeed to the throne, will govern according to tee same principles, and will not toleratewhat I have not tolerated. ? General Breckenridge ha« succeeded in escaping from America. In the Northern cities the greatest illfecting towards the blacks is shown by the whites, while in Kentucky they are no longer employed in any capacity. The Canadian papers declare that the testimony lately given during the secret sitting of the Conspiracy Trials as concerning tee movements of tee Confederates is Canada, ? was wilfahpeijnry in every particular. 