TOWN AND COUNTRY NEWS Tin; New Judge. — Although no official intimation has been given of tho intended judicial appointment, it is generally understood that, shortly after the close of this fcCBfdonj Mr. J. F. Hargrave, the Solicitor-General, will take his scat on the Bench. As Mr. Darvall purposes leaving fur England by way of Melbourne, at the end of this month, the offices of both Attorney-General and Solicitor-General will in a few days become vacant. The names of Mr. Butler and Mr. Windever have been confi dently Knoken of as likelr to fill these annointmnnfa. The PniKcirAi. Uk»eb-Secretakvship. — It was rumoured a lew days sincc that Mr. Cowper had o (Tared tho vacant Under- Secretaryship to Mr. William Owen, barrister, nnd on Wednesday the appointment in question was confirmed by the Government. Mr. Owen is n member of the English Bar, and 6iiic£ his arrival in tho colony five years ago ho has practised in the Equity Court ; he has also for come time held the office of secretary to the Accli matisation Socioty. The appointment to the Principal Under-Secretaryship of a gentleman who, from his past pursuits, is necessarily unacquainted with the working of the Government departments, has caused some surprise, and not a little dissatisfaction amongst the members of the Civil Service, who complain of having a stranger placed in this high position for which several gentlemen in the service are qualified by ability and by official experience in the public business ot the colony. Si'OimNO Intelligence. — The Attorney-General has declined to file an indictment against Miss Dickson, who (with others) was a week or two since committed to take Uer trial for stealing the racehorses Kildare and Zenobia. Colonial Woumansiiif. — A handsome spocimei of wood- carving, in the shape of a drawing-room fire-screen, has just been mode for Mr. Jenkins, the chemist, by Mr. 3\. llinton, of Hunter-street. The panel of the screen— twenty-four inches by thirty-two — consists of a beautiful picture, representing a parrot in the centre of a nosegay of flowers, The embroider;', which has been wrought by Miss Jenkins, is remarkably well done, tho colour and arrangement of the flowers being both natural and elegant. The frame is made of Yacka-Yacka wood, and is supported by turned Elizabethan pillars. The frame is ornamented by scrollwork and flowers, the carving having beeu artistically performed by Mr. llinton. The screen has a very finished appearance, and is creditable to colonial art. It may be seen, for a few days, at the shop of Mr. Jenkins, in George-street. Crayon 1'oBTitAiT or the Ma you. — A large size portrait of the Mayor of Sydney, dressed in his official robes, is on view at Dal ton's Photographic Gallery, in George-street. It is executed in crayons, in the style that was introduced and adopted with so much success by Mr. Dalton. The portrait is altogether admirable, for the cor rectness of the likeness, as well as for the richness and harmony of the colouring. The artist, Mr. Montagu Scott, was a pupil of Ansdell, the celebrated animal painter ; he has recently arrived from Melbourne, and is nursidnir his profession as a portrait painter, in eils and also in crayons, at the above establishment. Fiuf. in Campiiell-stueet. — A flre occurred on Wednesday morning, at a bouse. No. Ill, Campbell-street, nearly opposite the reservoir. The house was the property of Mr. Patrick Tighe, South Head Road, and was insured in the Sydney Insurance Company's Office for £309. The interior ' of the building lias been gutted, but the brick work does not appear to have been veiy- much damaged. The dwelling was occupied by a labourer in the employ of the Coiporation, named Thomas Byrnes. Byrnes end bis family went to bed at about ten o'clock on Tues day night, and were awoke between two and three o'clock, on Wednesday morning, by a police constable, who seems to have bcen'the first to discover the fire, Byrnes noticed that the house was full of smoke, but did not see any fire. He at once set to work to rescue his wife and children, whom he carried out by a side door ; and it was only with considerable difficulty that he succeeded in doing that. At the back of the house there was a weather board kitchen, and it was there that the fire is supposed to have originated. The flames seem to have communicated with the house bythe door leading into the kitchen. Byrnes had only juBt got the last of his children down stairs when the flames caught the stp-'rease, and, owing probably to the side door being open, the fire soon burnt up evetything in the place. The Superintendent of the Insurance Company's Fire Brigade got there in time to save some of the furniture which was on the ground-floor, but nothing could be got down from above. The engines of the Volunteer Company (Haymarket) and of the Insurance Brigade were thereafter quickly taken to the fire, and the flames were soon extinguished. A house next to the one destroyed would in all probability have been burnt down but for the timely exertions of the firemen. The origin of the fire is believed to be accidental. Ak U feet.— The omnibus Bob Boy was upset on Wed nesday shortly after leaving Newtown. When about half way between the toll-bar ana the University the hones ahied ana overturned the coach against the bank, near the end of the cutting. There were two passengers inside, but neither sustained any seriouB injur}'. The driver also escaped unhurt. Street Improvements. — Good roads have usually been regarded as an evidence of civilisation ; and, whatever may be thought of the intelligence and advancement of this community in other respects, there can be no doubt but that, in the matter of roads, we nave of late years steadily pro gressed, and have been constantly making substantial im provements. Proofs of this may be seen on eveiy side ; and the fact is as petent in the outskirts of Sydney,' which are now traversed by good macadamised roads, as in the city itself. Woollahra, for instance, which but three or four years back was merely a barren scrub, is now a thriv ing suburb, with well-ordered streets and footways. But the improvement of the thoroughfares of Woolloomooloo is, perhaps, the most noteworthy, although the processes of 'ballasting' and 'blinding'' have been so gradual as to render it almost unobserved. Streets overgrown with grass, or filled with huge boulders and deep chasms, which were com mon enough not long since, are now, thanks to the judicious umTingptnpnt of Corporation affairs, nowhere to be found. There is certainly a steep declivity in Forbes-street, just above its intersection with William-street which still re quires to be cut down. The work would involve an outlay which the Municipal Council, in the present state of its finances, seems to regard as more than commensurate with the advantages which a continuous line of road would confer on the neighbourhood. Contiguous to this place there is in what will be the centre of Bourke-street a lage quarry which causes a detour of the traffic ef the locality. This, however, is being filled up, and the street will, no doubt, soon be traversiWe from one end to the other. The crown of Liverpool-street lias been cut away for a depth of from three to five feet. The earth has been carted down to the quarry, and the junction of the two lengths of thoroughfare will be formed at the same time that the continuation of Bourke-street is effected. A noticeable improvement has lately been made in the formation of a good road at the rear of the church of the Sacred Heart, connecting the Darling hurst and the Old South Head Roads. The sandy track there has hitherto been all but impassable, and in wet weather was a mere quagmire. Centeal Police Couht House.— The disgraceful state of this building has been the subject ef frequent com plaint for many years past; and although on several occasions somebody from the Colonial Architect's office has been sent to look at it, and once the roof was said to have been newly shingled, the roof has never yet been impervious to any but the very slightest shower, and the wonder is that the unpaid magistracy should have so undervalued their services, as well to the Government as to the public, as to consent to sit in a place which is not only uncomfortable in fair weather, but is absolutely wretched m cold and wet weather. The Police Magistrate has, over and over again, drawn the atten tion of the proper offioer to tlie state of the building, but without effect. His Worship Mr. Pinhey, on Tuesday, from the Bench, expressed his surprise that any public building, much less a court of justice, &hould; be allowed to fall into such a state of disrepair that the rain could pour in torrents through the roof on to the very bench — not exactly upon the heads of the magistrates, but in such proximity that the neise of its dripping should distract their attention from the business before them. On the bench itself was quite a stream of water, and in other Sarts of the building umbrellas were not to be despised. Tor was the summons Court, in which their Worships Messrs. Murphy and Dangar were sitting, any better than the crime Court ; perhaps it was the worse of the two. The state of the building altogether, and in every respect, is most disgraceful ; and, when contrasted with the comfort and cleanliness of the Water Police Court, and of every other public building in Sydney, is as unaccountable as dis graceful. Sydney Orpheus Glee Club. — Tho mombers of this club (all gentlemen amateurs) held their first concert, on Monday evening last, in the Hall of St . Mary* s Seminary, which was crowded with their friends, numbering about four hundred. The programme selected for the occasion comprised several beautiful glees by Kreutzer, Hatton, Kuckon, So Call, &c.;, a few solos and duets ; and, judging from tho frequent applause which greeted the performance of each piece, was much enjoyed by the audience. We must also sot omit to notice the instrumental duet for flute and pianoforte, executed by the talented conductor of the club, Mr. C. B. Sussmilch, and the accompanyist, Mr. T. Y. Bridson, which was loudly applauded, and an encore in sisted upen. The concert terminated auout 10 o'clock. Mutual Improvement Society. — On Tuesday, Mr, Alexander Gordon delivered a locture, in connection with St. Philip's Mutual Improvement Society, in the school mem, Church-lull. Although the weather was very in clement, the attendance was numerous. The subject of the leoture was, ' How our forefathers travelled,' and it was illustrated by diagrams. Seeious Acoident.— A serious accident happened on . Tuesday morning, in Panamatta-street. A 'bus-driver, : named Robert Taylor, fell from his seat on the coaoh, and broke one of his arms. A wheel of-Jthe vehiole alse ran against his forehead, inflicting c severe wound. It is said that Taylor was not sober at the time of tho ooourrenoe, He was removad to the Infirmary. Voluntseh FcnekaIj. — The remains of drum-major Hunt, late of the A. S. N\ Company Volunteers, were uitemjd with military honours, in the Roman Catholic burial pound, Dcvonshhc-strcet, on Sunday afternoon. The nearse vat preceded by a tiring party and by the bind of the Company, which, on the way to the cemetely, played the Dead March in Saul ; (he other members of the Com pany followed, and by their demeanour showed groat romcct for the memory of their deceased comrade. ; young Men's Pni',pinTi;niAN Institute. — The usual fortnightly meeting ef tho members of this institute was held on Wednesday in the Presbyterian Church, Macquarie slmt. Tlie meeting, which was well attended, was pre sided over l-y Mr. Jnmes Anderson. The subject of debate was the 'Evil, the extent, and the remoly of in'cm perancc,' upon wliich an essay liad been read on a previous occasion. Tlic matter was fully discussed in all its aspecte, but tho speaker® dwxlt more particularly on the best remedy ftr drunkenness. Several ' remedies were proposed and ? advocated, though the Juniority of the members present yesterday evening inclined 'to the opinion that total abstin ence from intoxicating drinks was the most effective safe guard that could be applied. Towards the close of the meeting Mr. Robert Anderson recited B urns' s poem entitled ' Mory Queen of Scots.' John Bahi.ktcoiiv. — lliis famous prisoner was again put on his trial last night, in the Hall of Temperance, Pitt etreet. Tliaplotfonu was reserved for the accommodation of judge, covocatos, and jury, the functionaries of the mimic couit being hnbited in appropriate costumes. The 'trial' was gone through with becoming gravity, and to the utmost satisfaction of the audience, which was very numerous, especially considering the weather. Conckrt,-— On Wednesday, a concert was given by 111 n Vnn.1 Mnoix L.nn.llnn i„ -1.. „7 Arts, Newtown . The entertainment was one of a series in aid of tho funds of the institution; and, although the weather last night was extremely unpropitious, the attend ance waB very good. The first part of uic programme con sisted exclusively of sacred music, and included some selec tions by Tarrant, jMendelssohn, Glover, Luther, Handel, and Hsydn. The second part was devoted to secular music, all the pieces being appropriate and attractive. Thechorases were effectively rendered by about thirty well trained voices, and the conccrt was in all respects most successful. Mr. C. Chizlott won the conductor, and Mr. M. Younger acted as accoinpanyist. The Vocal Association, it may be mentioned, is in connection with the Newtown School of Arts, and membership of that institution entitles all who are other wise eligible to its advantages. It is intended to give a series ofconccrts at the School of Arts, when some of the works of the best composers will be produced. Mr. M. Younger has kindly given his sen-ices as conductor; end linving flic assistance of so distinguished a musician, there is reason to expect that the members will acquiic a still greater decree of proficiency, while as the society becomes better known many wore residents of the suburb of cultivated musical taste will be induced to join. Bauiain.— The members of 6t. Mary's Literary In stitute gave one of their periodical entertainments on Tues day evening. The president of the institute lead from Sir Walter Scott's ' Marimon.' The musical part of the per formance consisted of somo 'Oipheus glees,' 'Annie Lisle ' (Christy's), the Muleteers song and bacchanalian trio from lialit s ' Rose of Castile,' and the duet, ' Could a man be secure.' Mr. Deaue's choir also attended, and sang the Danish National Anthem, and the whole o ' Locke's Music for Macbeth.' On the whole, the various items of the programme were satisfactorily performed, and the entertainment conducted throughout with much spirit. Bm.main New Total Austimcnce Societv. — The firKt quarterly tea meeting took place in the Odd Fellows Hall, on Tuesday evening last : upon which occasion there was a numerous attendance. After tea, the choir sang some anthems, melodies, and choruses, under the conductorship of air. ahethcld. Mr. Howitt and other veterans of the society addressed the meeting ; the whole of which termi nated' about half-past nine with a hearty vote of thanks. The president of the institution occupied the chair. St. Matthias's School, Paijdixgtox. — In pursuance of advertisement, Mr, T. D. Mackenzie read Shak speare's tragedy of ' Hamlet,' in St. Matthias'6 School house, Paddington, yesterday evening, in aid of the funds of the school, Notwithstanding the unfavourable nature of the weather the attendance was numerous. Mr. Mackenzie's 'reading' of the great tragedy showed him to possess a nice appreciation of the character of ' Hamlet,' and of the many wonderful passages in this masterpiece of dramatic composition, which could have been attained only by an earnest and assiduous study of the great dramatist ; and this appreciation wa^evidently chared in to a large extent by tbe audienoe. At the termination of the enter tainment a vote of thanks was cordially awarded to Mr. Mackenzie, and the meeting dispersed at an early hour. Newtovtn Weslbyaj.- Young Mix's Mutual Im provement Society. — The first half-yearly soiree of the members of this society was held on Monday, in the Wes leyan schoolroom, Newtown. There was a good attendance. The Rev. J. Oram, president of the society, occupiod the chair, and began the proceedings by explaining that the association bad been developed from a Bible class, and was, as its title indicated, designed for the mental and moral im provement of the young men. of the suburb. The secretary (Mr. A. W. Fallick) read the report. This document stated that, notwithstanding the removal of several young men from the district, the members now numbered eighteen, and that the weekly meetings of the society had been well attended. Essays had been read on ' St. Paul's voyage to Rome, ' ' Divinity of Christ, ' 'Life of Cardinal Wolsev, ' ' 'The influence of tV.e Bible,' and 'William Pitt.' Theological subjects— 'Has there ever been a Demoniac ? ' and 'Eternity 0f Hell.' There bad plso hem Scripture- readings, addresses, debates, and recitations. There bad been mailed improve ment in the matter and style of the essays, and the addresses, leadings, and recitations gave evidence of similar progress . Essays were read by Mr. A. W. i'allick on 'William Pitt,' and by Mr. J. Saxbv on 'The influence of the Bible.' Mr. Allpass sang 'A Father's Love'; and the following recitations were delivered — The Collegian and the Porter, AVolsey and Cromwell, the Wreck of Hesperus, the Gambler's Wife, and Yorkshire Angling. The following selections of music were effectively rendered by the choir : — Awake, awake, put on thv strengm O Zion, sing 0 Heaven, and be joyful O Eiarth, and Blessings for Ever. Sand Drut,— There is a large deposit of sand at the top of King-street, driven there by the wind. The dust accumulates in front of the District Court and Immigration Offices every year in such quantities as to render its perio dical removal desirable. At present, owing to the wet weather and the great number of persons who frequent the Courts and offices in the neighbourhood, the approaches are anything but agreeable, and it would he well if the mud were shovelled up and carted away. Govehnmem Tekdebs. — The following tenders have been accepted by the Government : — Great Western Rood, 1st District : William Lucas, Contract No. 3-65; Delaney and Wall — Contracts Nos. 7 and 8-05. A. Rodgcrs — Fifteen new ladder buckets for the steam-dredge Hunter. Pnci6injfG A Solicitor. — In the Orange District Court an application was made by Henry Rowbotham and John M'Clymont, respecting the conduct of Mr, Sergeant, solicitor, who had received from them fees for commencing suits in the District Court, had neglected to file the parti culars, and bad refused to pay back the fees. Their evi dence as to particulars was taken on oath, and his Honor lined Mr. Sergeant one guinea costs in each case, ordered the moneys due to be impounded from any costs arising to him out of the actions in which lie was engaged that day, and suspended him from practising in that Court or any similar one in the Western District, for a period of six months. — Epamincr. Monomania Exteaokdtnaky. — A most singular in stance of this specics of madness occurs at present upon the Lower Barwin -the sufferer being an intellectual-looking, middle-aged man, of dark complexion, who is encanmed in an angle of the river, some eleven miles this side of Bre warina township, His determination is to starve himself to death. Attention was first attracted to the afflicted man in the following casual manner : — A passing traveller, observ ing a fire, turned eff the road for lus midday meal, and after preparing his repast invited the solitaire, whom he found encamped, to join him, which he declined, at the same time informing liim that he had determined to starve himself to death. He pointed to a stick, explaining to the traveller that each notch represented a day that he had abstained from food ; sixteen notches were counted. He was then re ? monstratca with for his folly, and urged to eat, but in vain. He also refused to disclose his name, or hislast place of residence. The meal completed, the traveller departed, and gave infor mation at the next station, which induced one of the resi dents to visit him (this was the twenty-third day), when the wretched man was still alive, but so completely pros trated by exhaustion that he was unable to stand. Victuals were temptingly placed before him, which he resolutely, but kindly, refused to accept; entreaties and requests were urged m vain. He adhered fifiuly to his resolution, and when questioned as to his motives, replied in the most rational manner that he had sought unsuccessfully for suitable employment, and death by starvation, in his opinion, was preferable to life by begging. The vacant expression in his countenance plainly indicates the mental imWility, and his attenuated and iU-clad figure too plainly endorses his own statement. — Maitland Mercury, June 13. Diabolical Conduct.— On Saturday night last some scoundrel or scoundrels deliberately placed a fire to the dwelling-house of James Nethery, of Jamberoo, which pro videntially went out without taking hold of the building, in which himself^ wife, and child were sleeping ; and again, on Wednesday night last, about 11 o'clock, placed a light on his milking-shed, which was noticed by his wife and extin guished. A watch was kept up for* a few nights, but yesterday night (Friday) the same thing was triod again. No trace of the party could be discovered, although the fire was almost immediately notioed. That such a crime as fire-raising, and apparently of so premeditated and pertina cious a character, is practised in the district is much to be deplored, A reward of £30 is placarded through the district for any information which will lead to the conviction of the vagabonds, wliich, it is to be hoped, will have the desired effect.— Jllatearra Mercury. Lambikb. — A gentleman, who has returned from view ing the lands for selection in the Hamilton district, says that the lambs are lying dead on the runs by thousands. The great mortality is, doubtless, principally das to the severe drought, followed by heavy rains and pieroingly cold weather, but directly to unwonted exposure in the night time. The lambs are not now, as formerly, attended at night by shepherds, but left behind in the open paddocks, as they are too weak to follow the sheep when driven into the fbldB.— AdeHmg 2\'mes. A MALioiors Act.— A valuable mare was discovered, on Friday .morning last, in Mr, W, Bridle's paddock, with her throat cat, and had evidently been dead about two days. The perpetrator of this maUoious aot is not known,— Among Ttme*. A STuniiT Nuisance.— The disproportionate number, of dogs prowling about Sydney and the subtuhs constitutes a nuisance which has often been complained of but never removed. A pack of yelping curs rushed out upon a horse man going along Hunter-street on Saturday : their bark ing caused the hor»e to plunge forward, ana any but an expert rider would have been flung from the saddle, alany serious accidents have been occasioned in this way; and, owing to the prevalence of these canino peats, it is only with imminent peril that equestrians can ride faster than a walking pace though the thoroughfares of the city and neighbourhood , The owners of these noisy nuisances must bo aware of their barking propensities, and ought there fore to keep their dogs out of the eticets. The evil might be abated by (he imposition of a tax or a higher registration fee than is at present exactcd ; and, surely, those who delight in having a multitude of dogs would not object to pay for their ' particular vanity.' The Weatheu in the Country. — The fiiiiytetoii Times ot 14th instant says : — The weather since our notice on Saturday last has had a showery tendency. To judge from the quiet ripple of the Hunter, we do not think much rain has fallen on the mountains ; at any rate, not much more than was required to well moisten the long-parched ?soil and sickly herbage, which will now on every valley and hill fide toko a fresh start for the season.— The Il/atvarra Ncrntvy fitutes : — TheKiamadintrictfor the last few weeks has bocn looking completely perished with thowosterly winds which have been very violent of late ; but on Friday night wc were visited witli a delightful rain, which continued the whole of the night and part of Saturaay morning. There ha* not been sufficient, however, to enable ploughing to be le.Miirni! ; but what has fallen is very opportune for the young rye-gi ass and winter teed, which was fast dying for want of moisture. A correspondent of the Western J'oil, writing from Hargravcs on June 7th, says— The weather is beautifully fine, although exceedingly cold. I was shown this morning a sheet of ice three inches in thickness — a cir cumstance unprecedented in the memory of those longest resident on Louisa, A young man also walked on the ice across a large watcrholc, which testifies as to the intensity of tbe frost. Rain is much wanted for general mining purposes. 1 nE Rocky Riven. — Very shortly after the discoveiy of Mount Jones public attention was directed to a hill a few miles down the river from Maitland Point. Ilumour spoko of it as being highly auriferous, a second Mount Jones, and tho fret of its being already in possession of a party as a mining claim added to the desire felt to develop its riches. Public meetings were held, and representations were for warded to the Government that the hill, then named Mount Monopoly, would, if thrown open, afford employment to a number, 'but that if held by one party it would not bonefit the eountiy, and would virtually lock up the treasures of the hill. The result was that the claim was disallowed, and the hill thrown open to the public. The issue was that several holes were sunk, and the hill was thoa abandoned. From that time until very lately it has had little or no work done on it excepting the washing of some of the.surface soil, flow, it is veiy probable that had the first company retained their claim they might, by systematic labour, have long since revealed its hidden' treasures, ana /:iven employment to a number of uicn. A short tunc ago Mr. Western paid the expenses of some men whilst sinking on the hill. They bottomed at a depth of about sixty feet, but the prospects obtained were not first-rate, nor such as to warrant continuing the labour. Messrs. Langton and Co. commenced a shaft a few weeks ago, and last week got through the rock at a depth of eighty-six feet. It is sup Eosed that this shaft will bottom at least twenty-five feet ceper than the shaft before-mentioned, therefore the chances are in its favour. The shaft at the head of Tip ? perary Gully is now down fifty-two feet, still in very hard rock. This' shaft is a long way beyond where any payable gold lias been obtained, but it is believed to be on the same lead as Sydney Flat, and should it strike gold would be the means of causing a good rush, with abundance of ground to operate on. Like all the ground to the northward of Syd ney Flat, there is water several feet above the bed lock, lint if nnvnlilA o-nlri Hn nhtainrwl ihic will ennn lu- mn_ quercd. A little to the Eorth of Tipperary station, there is a bill called Mount Brisbane, whicli lias for several years pa&t; been known to be auriferous, bat not very rich. Occasional parties hare wrought on it ; but no continued or systematic labour was applied until within these few months past, when a tunnel of sufficient dimensions to use a horse in if required waB driven into the ground. The company appear to be now in a fair way of prospering, having struck gold in drift at about 150 feet in, and since then thev hove driven upwards of thirty feet. The hill has liad but little work done on it, and may for tunnelling optration* bo considered as almost all solid ground. The stuff brought out to wash varies in thickness from two to 1 four feet, and will pay on an average better than two dwts. to the load. The Fulcrum Company on Kentucky Creek, who, in the removal of the enormous masses of granite, use large quantities of blasting powder, have lately had forwarded to them for trial a new preparation called ' Safety Blasting Powder.' In appearance it is like the sweepings of a granitic soil on which stringy bark has been trimmed. Its chief recommendation lies in its peifect safety, for if accidentally ignited when not confined, as in a charge, it will burn away and not explode. Another good feature it has for shaft sinking or blasting in deep ground is the very little smoke occasioned by a shot. I believe also it is cheaper than the common blasting powder, Mr. Henry, of the Fulcrum Company, tried someoi it last week, and speaks very highly of its explosive power. He farther informs me that in tamping an iron bar was used with safety, and in drilling out a charge which had not goneoffin consequence of the fuse being damaged a steel drill was used with no danger of an explosion. It appears, however, to have been slow in -ignition, but in this case it is supposed to have been the fault of the fuse, the new powder appearing to require a more powerful degree of heat than die ordi nary liise produces. As it is a novelty, I send you a small sample for inspection. The weather is cold, clear, and far too dry for our success. Each succeeding spell of dty weather illustrates forcibly the necessity there is for huslianding the rain that does fklL A great deal of time is literally wasted from the want of water, and ground which with constant water would yield handsomely scarcely supplies salt to season the potatoes. At Mount Welsh tunnel the holders are extending and enlarging their reservoirs, but the utmost that can be done by individual enterprise will not suffice for ordinary seasons. 'Ghnome's,r suggestions in the Herald are good, and I believe no bona fide gold miner would objoct to their being carried out were the money so raised applied to promote a system of water supply, and be spent in labour- — not in officers to be continually inspecting and reporting. — Corres- pondent of Armtdale £yj)rm. BrgHitANGiKG— Thunderbolt visited llutlieiford's War rego station last week, helped himself to horses and rations, and expressed his disappointment that Mr. Jomieson, the overseer, was not at home, informing those present that he had come expressly to stop his 'blowing' — at the same time exhibiting a revolver, which he manipulated in a man ner which led those present to suppose he had provided it for Mr. Jamieeon's express pui-pose. A party of police arc out from here, but at thi6 date are off his \vack.— Maitland Mercury^ June 13. Colokial Manitactl kei) Si'Gau. — One of our local storekeepers has shown us a sample ef veiv supericr colonial sugar, manufactured by the Rev. Mir. Holland, at Port Macquarie. The sugar in appearance resembles Mauritius or yellow counter sugar, and would readily sell over the counter at 4d. per lb. it is free from the peculiar flavour which has detracted fiom the quality ot samples of colonial sugar previously 6hown to us.— Maitland Mercury, June 13. Pipeclay Diggings.—' We hear that Glanmire, of which a detailed report appears in another column, is at tracting some of the Pipeclay men, but not so many as to be appreciable. If there is an exodus from the Pipeclay, it will probably be after the new gold-field lias been worked a week or two, and when there will be some show for the glowing reports that 6ome of the country journals are so fond of putting in relative to every new rush in their neigh bourhood. So far as the trade of Mudgeo is concerned, it has withstood greater shocks than iB ever possible to be given to it by the rush at Glanmire. Many of the diggers at Old and Isew Pipeclay arc doiug veiy well, and all are getting a comfortable living. — Western Post. Aboriginal Sentiment, — 'We are indebted to the Iitverina 1 Icrald for the following : — ' A spark of poetic sentiment is sometimes drawn from the blacks, much in the same manner that a scintilla of fire is elicited from a worn out flint and a much dinted steel. We remember hearing an aged darky, on the Lower Murray, describe the Pleiades, to which he pointed, as the young lubvas of the eun, who had long been betrothed to hiin, and whom he was ever chasing, but could never catch. Agpin, they e&y; that, in the evening, at the dead of night, ana in the early morning, the trees talk to one another, and they converse of things that occurred ages upon ages gone by. A correspondent, writing to us under r late date from the Darling, on his return from a back country trip, says, among other things which are only of private interest — 4 That night, after a fatiguing day's ride, I had to camp without water in a clump of mulga, in on open and veiy exposed piece of country, During the night the wind swept through the trees, making a horrible moaning 60und. I slept very little, being very thirsty, and also anxious about the horses. The blackfellow slept uneasily, and kept muttering in his sleep. Towards morning he woke and seemed relieved, as one does who ha6 been oppressed by nightmare. ' Me think,' he said, ' devil been walk about to-night — not devil belonging to blackfellow, but white man devil. Me think Burke and Wills cry out to-night, ' What for white fellow not 6&nd; horses ana grub r ' xou hear wind ? That come up from Cooper Creek. My word, master, Mr. Burke, '\Vill6 toe, big one walk about on that creek. Never tiem leave Cooper Creek. Always, always, always, walk about there, and cry out 'long a Menindie, u Where white man r Why another one white man no come ' 'You know,' continues our correspondent, * that this fellow is aware of all the proceedings of the unfortunate Victorian expedition.' We may add, by wav of explanation, that the worn ' spirit ' is unknown to we blades, and in instance, no aoubt, as in many others that we know of^ the word 'devil' is is made use of instead.' Xebopene Mineral.— During the past week Mr. Hall, a member of the firm of Hebblewhite and Company, of Syd ney, has paid a visit to the district with a view of making inquiry respecting the kerosene mineral, and we are( happy to find that he is well satisfied with the result of his tap. We are informed that if he can be guaranteed 600 tons of mineral per week, he, or the company with which he is con nected, would at once erect works at a cost of £6000 or £6000. Before anything definite can be determined on it is necessaiy to prove that the mineral exists in a sufficient quantity, and for that purpose Mr. Fawoett has been oom : missioned to Mmninft the property belonging to Mr. Robert Owen, It iti said, also, that the oompany is prepared to ? purchase lipid, if obtainable at a reasonable Alice Ki:knan ahd Mono an. tub Bukizkaiwek.— A coirespondent of the Wangaratte (Jh roiiiclt aseerts that Alice Kccnan ha a not been fairly dealt with in the distribu tion of the reward fbr the shooting of Morgan, and gires the following as his reasons : — ' Look at the affair which way I will— take up, one by one, the several incidents from the commencement to the close— my opinion remains unaltered that Alice Keenan was the heroine of the occasion* and that but for her energetic and self-possessed action it is more than probable that Morgan would have escaped, and New South Wales, at ihe present moment, be paralysed and horror-stricken at his depredations. This was tho view which was universally expressed in the midst of the exubcranoe of the joy consequent upon the death of the sanguinary and dreaded bushranger. Settling day for deeds enacted having arrived, the public are astounded at the debut of a fresh, but successful, claimant for honours and rewards, and Alice M'Donald receives the munificent sum of £260 ; whilst Alice Keenan for her courageous act is doled out the miserable pittance of £50. The conduct of Alice M'Donald, therefore, invites criticism. Of what nature arc the services performed by her, that she should receive £250 ? What good has resulted from anv step which she had taken in the transaction '{ She met M'lntosu and informed him that Morgan was inside. How un demonstrative must have been the communication when he does not believe berr True, she goes to bed, gets up about G in the morning, is handed some coffee by the coak, unimpeded, proceeds on her way, and hands round the refreshment to the concealed would-be com batants, to compose their nerve** and gird up their loins for the desperate encounter before them, iu which every man w.ns so anxious to become personully entangled. HcV task is then performed ; she vacates the stage, aud pockets £250. what a contrast to this does the conduct of Alice Keenan present ! Morgan's reply to the question, as to whether he would take tea, completely paralysed and bewildered all in the house, and gradually enwrapt those outside. lie said 'he did not care for himself, but hi& mates (meaning the two f tuck-up on the road, ond brought to the station) might think different, and that his men outside were arajily provided for.' Three foes within and any number outside ! From that moment the parties in the loom were a* incapable of any movement ns if a boa constrictor encircled each in its gripe. According to Mr. M'Pherson, such was the fear of Morgan's supposed accomplices, no attempt at surprise was even dreamt of, although he relaxed Ins vigilance at in tervals during the night, and gave several opportunities of capture. ThoEe outside were afraid that the house was Burrounded, and a deadlock existed. The presence of mind and determination of Alice Keenan removed it, and pre vented Morgan from adding his escape from Peechclba to liis other bold deeds. Her daring flight from and return to the house are well known She was the means of having police and volunteers on the ground, and by her energy alone was a capture effected. Thenceforward all wasv plain sailing. The girl had demonstrated that no foe lurked in ambush. The gallop to Wangaratta and back then partook of re creation to a stockrider. Avengers, volunteers, and police men took up their positions, and quietly leant upon their aims, knowing that the enemy was safely caged in the house, and that their retreat was securcd. Censure has been cast upon the girl for the tone in wliich she conveyed the intelligence of her movements to Mrs. M'Pherson. It is a weak subterfuge. The fact that the bushranger's keen ear detected nothing, and that he remained unsuspicious to the last, is a sufficient refutatien of such a charge. How is it that the first ac counts flowed so smoothly in favour of the girl, and to what is to be attributed the revulsion of statements at Peech clba? With the exception of the rush by constable Percy at the moment when the bushranger fell, the act of Alice Keenan was the only fearless and intrepid one performed during the whole proceedings. Had Wendlon's shot not taken effect, he would have been the safest of the party, The rest would then be bound in honour to move onwards and leave him behind. This view may be unpalatable to some. A brave girl, however, has been sadly wronged.' TheWeatuek at Singleton. — The correspondent of the Maitland Mercury of the 13th instant says: — We have been favoured with ano'lier seasonable fall of rain. After several showers on Thursday and Friday, a gentle but steady rain set in on Friday afternoon, and continued with scarcely any intermission until 1 o'clock on the following day. * Last night, and throughout this day, we have had several firing showers, and the 6ky has still a very unsettled appearance. The late Accident at Singleton.— The young man, Archibald Henderson, who met with an accident on Sunday, the 1th instant, by falling from his horse, expired at the Singleton Benevolent Asylum about 6 o'clock last even ing. Be was never conscious, although it is stated that he recognised his mother and brother, who had come up fiom Sydney to see him. The'deceased wr.^ buried this after noon in the Wesleyan cemetery, and his' remains were followed to their last resting place by a numerous cortege, including the whole of the employes at the Singleton Bridge Works. As a sign of the kind disposition and charitame feeling existing between these men, we may state that each of the stonemasons and labourers gave one day's wages to pay the burial expenses, and the balance was handed over to the mother of the deceased. — Maitland Mercury. June 13th. Wee Waa. — Our Wee Waa correspondent, writing on the 7th June, says : — Mr. Dangar has issued a few circulars to some of his more immediate friends, in which he an nounces his intention to contest the -wi«ring election for the Gwydir. The weather has been beautifully fine, and we have had some sharp frosts. — Maitland Mercury , June 13th. Brooks Creek. Diggings. — The Qneanbei/an Age states that in our last week's issue we intimated that we were in receipt of a letter for publication contradicting the Ereviously published letter or F. Kenna, which spoke so ighly of this gold-field ; and we promised further details of the writer's views this week. Since then we have deemed it prudent to make every inquiry as to the authen ticity of V. Kenna' s statements ; and, from information received, we are not only persuaded that Brooks Creek is as payable a field as Kenna states, but in reality much mora so,* if it were worked as it ought to be. Our informant, in whom we must place every reliance, has left with us a beautiful nugget of about 8 dwts., found lately at Brooks Creek. He mentions the names of several parties who are doing as well as Kenna. A party who left Brooks Creek for New Zealand has come back to his old quarters, declar ing that they are better than New Zealand, and it has come out that before he went away he was often getting £30 a-week at Brooks Creek. There is some good ground at the Big Hill, said to be veiy rich, and all that is wanted at Brooks Creeks to make it what it really should be, is popu~ ation and the usual Government proclamation. Expihation of Leases of Runs. — The Western Post of 13th instant, savs : — A correspondent at Wellington writes so know whether the runs, the leases of which ex pire at the end of 1865, will be open for selec tion after that time; orwhethertheywillbeputuptoauction; or whether the present holders have a pre-emptive right to a renewal of their leases. We have consulted a legal gentleman in feydney on the matter, who has kindly supplied us with the following : — 44 The present holders of runs in the unsettled districts, which runs expire at the end of this year, will have an absolute right to renew for five years at a re-adjusted rental, provision for which re-adjustment of rental is made in the Crown Lands Occu pation Act of 1861, and the regulations under it. If the leases so adjusted are not accepted, the runs will be for feited, and may be put up to auction if the Government so direct. In this case the present holders will be mere strangers to the runs, and the dealings with them. At the expiiation of these present leases, the whole of the land will be open to free selection, just as any waste lands of the colony now ore ; and the new leases will be granted sub ject to the rights of free selectors. Of course this is the present state of these runs; how thev maybe affected by legislative interference we cannot yet know.' More Landslips near Hv beet' s .—During the last few days several lar^e pieces of the bank opposite Mr. Hubert's have fallen into the river. This has been caused in a great measure by the drainage water from High-street loosening the earth at the top of the bank as it falls over.— Maitlatid Mercury, June 13. The Weather at Armidale. — After a succession of heavy frosts, the weather at Armidale changed on Thursday forenoon, sincc which we have had a steady, gentle rain from the eastward, with a veiy cold light wind. It will be of great benefit to the crops and for ploughing. 