SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Ministers and the majority of the Legislative Assembly, with, the active assistance of Sir Charles Darling, con- tinue their efforts to filch one of its greatest privileges from the Legislative Council, and to govern the country without obeying the law under which Cabinet and Assembly alike have ex- istence. No effort has been made by Ministers to bring the existing quarrel between the Houses to an end. Early in the month, the constitutionalists in the Lower House made a vigorous but unsuccessful attempt to bring about a solution of the difficulty. Though supported by one or two members who were unable longer to follow Ministers in their obstinate defiance of the Consti- tution Act, the majority was too power- ful, and the Government refused to hold out the olive branch. In the Council a somewhat similar effort was made, a few of the members thinking that " the "dead-lock had lasted long enough;" and that, in the interests of commerce, it was time the conduct of tho busi- ness of the country in a legal manner Bhould be resumed. The majority of the Council, however, took higher ground ; and required, before re- ceding from the position they had taken, that their constitutional privileges should be recognised. Tho effort to bring the two Houses together by com- mittee, with a view to a mutual under- standing as to how the Appropriation Tariff Bill should be dealt with, was resumed in the Council last night by Mr. Henry Miller, and his efforts were successful in inducing the Council to agree to meet the Assembly in com- mittee, in the hope that a way out of the dead-lock might be found. As proroga- tion is impossible while Customs duties are collected on the mere resolution of the Assembly-a resolution which would have no force the moment the session ends-a short adjournment was agreed to by the Assembly, that an opportunity might be given to meet the Council. The usual " whitebait," it is understood, was discussed by Minis- ters and their followers last night. The month, however, has been cha- racterised by the most lawless act of which the Cabinet has yet been guilty. On the plea that the simultaneous col- lection of Customs duties under the tariff sanctioned by law, and under that approved by the Assembly only, was embarrassing to trade and traders, the Cabinet resolved to abandon the legal tariff, and collect duties only on tho new tariff. This resolution ob- tained effect on the morning of the 12 th ins.., and since that date duties of 3d. per lb. on tea, 3s. per cwt. on sugar, 10s. per lb. on refined opium, and Sd. per cwt. on dried fruit, have been left uncollected. At the moment when this re- solution was arrived at, the Attorney-Ge- neral was applying to the Supreme Court for leave to appeal to the Privy Coun- cil in the cases brought by the im- porters against the Queen, in which the judges had decided unanimously that the power of imposing this new tariff on the country, claimed by the Assembly, was not possessed by that body, and that the collection of duties under it was illegal! The privilege of appeal has since been [allowed, purely as a matter of courtesy, and not that the judges entertain the slightest doubt of the soundness of their decision. Pending the decision of the Privy Council we have the extraordinary spectacle presented to us of a Government discrediting the judg- ment of the liighest Court in the land, and substituting for the only tariff on which Customs duties can legally be collected, a system of duties which has not been assented to by Parliament. By the course which has been taken, Her Majesty's right of veto has been evaded ; and His Excellency has not seen fit to interpose his authority to prevent this violation of the law and this invasion of the Imperial privilege. All the assistance His Ex- cellency has lent to his advisers pre- viously in their efforts to outrage the Constitution pales before this last ex- traordinary act. How the representa- tive of Her Majesty, whose chief busi- ness it is to uphold law and order, could have listened to the unscrupulous advice tendered to him on this occasion, is not explicable on any other supposition than that,'having already gone so far on the road of illegality, it was not worth while stopping short. The merchants, how- ever, have been warned that they are not absolutely safe under the state of things which now exists. The new tariff has not been legally imposed on the country. The history of the appeals to the Privy Council from this colony shows that the judges have very rarely, if ever, been pronounced wrong in their interpretation of the law ; and there never was a case, perhaps, in which they were more unanimous, and more free from doubts, than in that already alluded to, involving the vali- dity of the tariff'. If the decision of the Privy Council upholds that of tho Bench -and no one, excepting the present "able íawyers by whom the Crown " in this colony is advised," doubts that the decision will be of that character -the amounts of the short-paid duties May, and probably will, be required from the merchants at some future day, Some of the importers, it is well known, have already resorted to a means of protection against future de- mands, by passing goods at the reduced scale of duties in the names of clerks and boys, who will not be readily found when wanted. For the immo I rality of the practice the Cabinet are I responsible. The new tariff, which the M'Culloch Ministry thus forces on the country, is by no means worthy of the efforts which have been made to force it upon the Legislative Council. It is almost start- ling to be told, as the official figures tell us, that the imports in the first nine months of the year have fallen off about a million sterling, and that in the same period the exports have declined nearly a million and a half. Something liko a sixth of the entire export trade of the colony has been lost within the last unhappy nine months. As we have sent away about the same amount of gold as we did last year, and as the quantity and value of the wool and other native pro- duce shipped to England have not de- clined, this very great loss of trade must have occurred in ' our inter- colonial business, and sufficiently ac- counts for the complaints which we hear on every hand from the owners of vessels plying between this port and those of the neighbouring colonies. From the beginning of the year to the'l.th instant our imports were £9,900,077, as compared with ¿£10,9dG,93/5 in the samo period of 18G4 ; and our exports were valued at only £7,772,484, as compared with £9,261,748. Figures of such a character as these, indicating the great decline in our commerce at so early a period of our histoiy, are well calculated to arrest attention. They are traceable to no other cause than the operation of the tariff ; and we can find no consola- tion for the loss in the state of manufac- turing industry in the colony. We neither find employment increased nor wages improved. On the contrary, the streets were never more haunted by per- sons in search of engagements, and the demands of the unemployed upon the assistance of their more fortunate friends were never more urgent than they are now. The country is still considerably agi- tated on the subject, though the meetings which have been held of late in support of the Ministry in various parts of the country have been organized in Mel- bourne, and the resolutions and peti- tions that have been adopted have a most suspicious family resemblanco to each other. At Maryborough, the meet- ing called on behalf of the Government and the Governor terminated in resolu- tions condemnatory of their course of action. The Chamber of Commerce has adopted a strong memorial to Her Majesty on the state of matters, praying for Im- perial interference, especially in reference to the tariff question; and a very numerously attended and influential public meeting was held on Monday night, in St. George's-hall, at which the same views of the situation were ex- pressed. As matters stand, the " be- ginning of the end " does not seem to be reached. There is no break in the cloud, to indicate the appearance of a better state of things. By the help of the London Chartered Bank which still advances money, and is repaid through collusive confessions of judgments-the exigencies of the Tiea Bury are provided for; Ministers once moree njoy their salaries ; and the votes of the Assembly-wherever the Ministry is disposed to make payments-are im- plemented without reference to the Le- gislative Council, and without an Ap- propriation Act. The harvest prospects are not entirely favourable. Flour has run up to £25 per ton, and wheat to 10s. Gd. per bushel. But for extensive importations from Chili, bread would have been very much higher. Beef and mutton are also scarce and dear. A rush is going on to Hokitika, on the west coast of New Zealand, about two hundred miles south from Nelson, in Canterbury province. A large and permanent gold-field has been found there. At Bruce Bay, some fifty miles south from Hokitika, the diggers ob- tain fine gold on the sea-beach, at a depth of some two feet only. The finding of a nugget weighing 515oz., and another weighing eighty ounces, in new ground near Dunolly, in this colony, proves at the same time that even our oldest alluvial gold-fields are still far from being exhausted. The native questiou in New Zealand is in a most unsatisfactory state, and the prospects of peace are as remote as ever they were. The steamship Great Britain, for Liverpool, sailed on the morning of the 21st inst., with 31G passengers of all classes, and gold valued at about half a million sterling. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Bombay, with tho August mails from Europe, arrived at Melbourne on Wed- nesday, tho 11th inst. His Excellency the Governor attended at Parliament Houses on the 12th inet., and assented, in her Majesty's name, to the Fisheries and Game Statute Amendment Bill, the Public Loan Bill, the Waterworks Bill, the Public Works Law Amendment and Consolidation Bill, and the Common Law Procedure Statute Explanation Bill. Tbo hat-named measure was called for by a de- cision of the Supreme Court, that the part of the Instruments and Securities Statuto pro viding for a summary mode of proceeding on bills of exchange had been repealed, by Im- plication, by tho Common Law Procedure Statute. The Explanation Bill was intro- duced by Mr. Fellows, but in its passage through the Lower House the Attorney General inserted a clause, providing that there shall be no such thing as a repeal by implication. In other words, if a clause passed to-day is in contravention of a pre- viously existing one, they aro nevertheless both to remain in force. The Government have intimated their in- tention to commence the works for the supply of water to the districts of Castlemaine and Sandhurst, as well as to the town of Geelong, as speedily as possible. It is understood that the supply for the latter will be obtained from Burnt station, in the Anakies. Early this month the Government issued a proclamation to the effect that the seventh series of agricultural area», embracing over 300,000 acres, would be open for selection under the new Land Act on tbe 15th Novem- ber. On the 20th inst. it was announced I rom the Department of Lands and Survey, that in order to avoid interference with the hay harvesting, the opening of the areas would be postponed until the 13th December, when 700,000 acres will be available for selec- tion. Messrs. J. G. Francis (Minister of Customs), R. S. Anderson, S. H. Blndon, Jame Har rison, William Lyall, I. G, Reeves, J. C. Riddell , John Sherwin, and J. J. Stutzer have been appointed a board to consider claims for rewards and premiums for new manufac- tures and industries under the vote of 1865. The Legislative Council have withdrawn iheir objection to the reduction of the miner's right fee from 20s. to 6s., as proposed by the Mining Law Amendment Bill. The intention of the Government to make large resorves for state forests was announced to the Legislative Assembly on the 4th inst, by the Minister of Lands. New quarters have lately been completed for the recoption of female Government im- migrants, for whose temporary lodging on their arrival in the colony the old Immi- grants' Depot, in King-street, used to furnish very inadequate accommodation. The site of the new establishment is at tho junction of Lntiobe-street and Spencer-street, on the land occupied some years ago by military barracks. The principal building is a one-storied stuccoed brick edifice, running parallel with Latrobe-street. It is some sixty-six yards long by about sixteen wide, and is divided into four dormitories, each of which is eighteen feet wide, and will hold about fifty beds. At the west end of the ground is a wash-houso and laundry, built of the Bame materials, and a wing of this build- ing is fitted up as a bath-room and lavatory. Two cisterns, each capable of holding several hundred gallons of water, are placed on the top of the building, and are connected by iron pipes with wooden wash-tubs, which form a portion of tho fixtures of the wash houses. There is also a wooden building at the opposite end of the ground, which will be used as a dining- room. This, however, is not intended to be a permanent structure, for it íb contemplated to erect a mess-room to cor- respond with the new buildings, which, again, only form a portion of the de pût as it will be when finally completed. The plans include the erection of another building similar to that containing the dormitories, and also additions to tbe laundry, &c;, and another wing at the other end, for more bath-rooms and lavatories. Mr. William Bayles, one of the councillors for Lonsdale Word, has been elected Mayor of Melbourne for the year commencing on the 9th of November. A professional board has been appointed to consider applications under the new Land Act for the reclamation of swamps. It has already held two sittings, and entertained the following applications :-An application by Mr. Lockhart Morton and others for a lease of 11,800 acres of the Carrum Swamp, which is situate near the sea shore, south of Frankston. The board recommend a lease for thirty years, the lessee paying £200 a year for the first five years, and £300 a year for the re- mainder of the term , the recommendation being subject to certain reservations of land along the coast, to the payment of compensa- tion to Mr. Beilby (of Baneholme Station) for improvements, and to the rendering of cer- tain plans and sections and checking of levels. The application of Mr. Francis Brown, for a ninety-nine years lease of eighty-five acres in- cluded in a narrow strip of land passing through the West Melbourne Swamp, for the purpose of a canal from Footscray to Dud- ley-street, for the carriage of bluestone, &c.; The Board recommend the granting of the lease, on condition that the works are carried out within a given period, and that in the event of any larger scheme for the reclama- tion of the whole of the swamp being carried out, the Government shall have power to resume the land on payment of the cost of the improvements, with a sum not exceeding fifty per cent, of the outlay added. Mr. Simon Cadden applied for a thirty years' lease of the Yaloak swamp, in the county of Hampden. The Board decided that the appli- cation should remain open till the land, which it was said would fetch £2 per acre for cultivation purposes if put up for sale, was properly examined and reported upon. Mr. W. Lyall, of Mornington, applied for a thirty years' lease of 4,000 acres of Torbmur rock Swamp, which is situate on the main- land, just opposite Phillip Island, and is formed by the waters of the Torbmurrock Creek, which have no outlet. The board decided to recommend the lease for the longest allowable term, at a nominal rent. Messrs. Graham Berry and Thomas Kennedy Lowry applied for a lease of the Koo-wee-rup Swamp, located a few miles from that of Torbmurrock. The area was stated by the applicants to be 460,000 acres, which they wanted for thirty years. The board in formed the applicants that the swamp was not so large as appeared by the map, and suggested that fifty square miles would be sufficient. It was then agreed that the boundaries should not go further eastward than the Yallook run, and the lease was to be recommended, the condi- tions of rent and length of tenure to be de- cided upon at another time. Mr. W. Murray Robb applied for a lease for thirty years of Lemann's Swamp, parish of Caulfield, and eighty-five acres in extent. His object was to convert a portion into an osier-bed, and the rest into a permanent lagoon, which would save Brighton from the effects of a sudden flood. The board decided to recommend the application, on condition that a certain por- tion should be reserved for the neighbouring inhabitants and cattle, and arrangements made for this purpose subject to the approval of the Brighton Council. The rent was fixed at £10 per annum, and the Government were to have the right of resuming possession on payment of compensation, to be fixed by the Board of Land and Works. The board con- sists of Mr. C. W. Ligar, Mr. C. Hodgkinson, and Mr. R. Brough Smyth. The Parliament House reserve has recently undergone considerable improvement. It bus be.n neatly laid out, has been securely fenced, has bden enriched with ^,000 loads of loam, and has been planted with various trees and ornamental shrubs, including pines, ey presses, eucalypti, oakB, elms, willows, and araucaria of varions kinds. The land has been thoroughly drained, and two large foun- tains have been constructed. These fountains are not only ornamental, but they serve also for irrigating purposes. The company recently formed to oxplore the coaBt fisheries will be assisted by the Government with the £600 already voted by the Legislative Assembly, with a schooner, and probably with Btores and appliances necessary for the efficient conduct of the work. These intentions were communicated hy the Minister of CuBtoms to a deputation on the 4th inst. The remains of Dr. John Macadam, whose death on the passage to New Zealand was reported in our last summary, were brought to Melbourne on the 2Qth ultimo, by the steamship Albion. The funeral took place two daj'B afterwards, and assumed somewhat of a public character. Among those who were present at the interment were Sir W. F. Stawell, Sir Hedmond Barry, the Minister of Lands, tho Hon. Dr. Wilkie, M.LC, and other public men. None of the appointments held by tho deceased gentleman have yet been filled up. Mr. J. D. Kirkland, Dr. Macadam's assistant, is acting pro tem. as lecturer on chemistry to the University of Melbourne A new horticultural society has been estab- lished, nnder the title of " The South Subur- ban." ltd first show was held on Saturday, at Prahran, and was highly successful. The Right Rev. Bishop Pattoson, of tho Melanesian Islands, is now in_ Melbourne advocating tho cause of missions in the archi- pelago over which he presides. The Council of the Board of Agriculture have appointed a committee, to consider the advisability of recommending the Govern- ment to establish a Professorship of Agri- cultural Chemistry in connexion with the University. Doctor Neild and Mr. Gray have been op Eointcd honorary medical officers to the Mel ourne Benevolent Asylum, in the room of Doctors Martin and J. Black, resigned. The works in connexion with the junction of the Hobson's Bay and Suburban lines of railway include two tunnels beneath the city approach to Prince's-bridge. By the forma- tion of these tunnels the approach to the bridge will be double its former width, and will be in a direct line with Swanston-street. Within the last day or two, the hoarding which enclosed the new portion of the ap- proach has been removed. A timely pamphlet on the crisis, by Mr. Walter Monro Wilson, barriater-at-law, bos been published during the month. Its title is, " Taxation by one Chamber or two, or a View of the present Constitutional Diffi- culties." An official intimation was made to Sir George Stephen on the 10th ins t., to the effect that ne would be appointed to the office of Acting Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estâtes during the absence of Mr. WriotheBley B. Noel, who had obtained a three months' leave, on the ground of ill-health. On the 12th inst., and before any further official in- timation wbb made to Sir OeoTge Stephen, he presented himself to tho Bitting Equity Judge to be sworn in, and was sworn in, to office, as actually appointed. On the same day ho presented certificates and plans of dis- tribution to the Supreme Court to be con- firmed. On the 13th the public was surprised to see tho Chief Commissioner and the Acting Chief Commissioner both in the Insolvent Court togother, but the former still on the bench, and acting as in office. Mr. Noel has since continued to perform the duties of Chief Commissioner. It appears that legal difficul- ties have arisen in the way of appointing a deputy ; that such difficulties have proved in- surmountable without special legislation ; that such legislation is not contemplated; and that, under the circumstances, Mr. Noel has withdrawn bia application for leave of absence. In the Equity Court, on the 19th inst., judg- ment was pronounced by Mr. Justice Moles- worth in the suit of Richmond v. Dick, Gemmel, and Others. It was a suit to set aside a post-nuptial settlement made in May, 1864, by Dr. Gemmel. The Coreen and Billabong Forest stations, Riverina, were purchased by Richmond of Gemmel in March, 1864. After taking delivery, Richmond found that the sheep were dying in great numbers from fluke. He contended that they had been fraudulently represented as sound, and he wanted to be ofl hiB bargain ; but Gemmel held him to the bargain ; and thereupon he Bued Gemmel for deceit and fraudulent mis- representation as to the state of the sheep. The action waa tried in March last, and Rich- mond got a verdict and judgment for £2,483 9s. Whon he tried to realise his judgment, he found that about two-thirds of the pur- chase money bad gone to clear off encum- brances, and that the other third, about £6,000, had been .ettled onDick.,as a trustee for Gemmel, his wife, and children. Tbo present suit was brought to Bet aside that settlement so far as it tended to defeat the verdict and judgment for £2,484 9s., and the costa of ob- taining them, as fraudulent and void under the etatnto of Elizabatb. His Honour de- creed in favour of the plaintiff. Mr. James Goff, of the Council Club Hotel, died on the Cth inst., from injuries caused by an explosion resulting from an escape of gas during the repair of a chandelier. Mr. Matthew Hervey, whose estato was re- cently sequestrated by an order of tho Suprome Court, bos filed a balance-sheet. The liabili- ties are set down at £44,282 l63. ; nnd the assets at £64,379, showing a surplus of £9,903. The journeymen bakers are agitating for a diminution in the hours of labour. An asso- ciation has been formed with the view of making ten hours the limit of the day's work. A Wesleyan Church has been opened at JFlemhogton. The Presbyterian Church at Sandridge haa been completed, and a soiree to celebrate the event took place on the 17th inst. The Rev. W. R. Croxton, Episcopal clergy- man, of Sandhurst, has been fined by the local magistrates for on assault on Mr. J. J. Courtney, a schoolmaster. Tho assiult aro-o out of a misunderstanding in reference to some school returns. A raid has recently been made by the police on the gambling-bouses of the city. On the night of the 29th September two of these dene were visited. One was the Royal George Hotel, Bourke Btreot east, kept by John Thomas: and a place at l18 Bourke atreot east, ostensibly a tobacconnist's shop, and also designated as "Tattersall- Clioas Club." Faro_ was the game played. Tho per , sons conducting the gambling, and also those ' present at the time, were arrested. They wero subsequently brought before the City Court, when John Osmond, Philip Glenister, und Angelo Davis, keepers of " Tattersall. Chess Club," and Philip Jonas, Henry Hayes, and James W. Field, conductora of the gaming at the Royal Goorge,.wore each convicted, and sent to gaol for one month. John Thomas, the proprietor of this hotel, was also sentenced to one month's imprisonment. Tho persons who wera present when the police entered (twenty in number, mostly young men) were likewise brought up, and fined 20s. each. The " bank " seized at the ono place contained about £81, and the other one about £31, which sums were ordered to be forfeited. On Sunday evening last, the police visited a Chinese gambling-house, in Littlo Bourke street. Twenty-five Celestials were discovered playing the Chinese version, or original of the game of faro. They .were all arrested, and Brought np ot tho City Police Court the following morning. The four principals were fined £5 each ; the others were let off with a penalty of 10s. each. At the City Police Court, on the .0th inat., Mary Dixon, bookseller, of Little Collins street, was fined £100, for vending indecent publications. Walter Glavin has been sentenced to five years' hard labour for assaulting and robbing a mon in the bar of the Exploration Hotel, a house kept by the convict's brother. Robett Davenisb Garland, attorney's clerk, has been committed to take his trial for forging and uttering a cheque for £210 on the Colonial Bank, and one for £185 on the Bank of Australasia. Philip Pitt Nind. a clerk in the Union Bank of Australia, has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment, for stealing three 10 pound notes, the property of the bank, from a re- gistered money-letter entrusted to him for postage. A gold watch and chain, value £25, baa been presented to Detective Hanaway, by his fellow members of tho force, on the occasion of his leaving it, after seven year.' sorvice, to return to England. At the Beechworth Circuit Court, last week, one Patrick Shehan was sentenced to death for the wilful murder of James Kennedy, a publican, at Yackandandah. Thomas Meynard, alias Yankee Tom, was tried at the Geelong Assizes, on the 10th inst., for the murder of James Sweeney, near Warrnambool. Meynard was a quarryman in the employ of Mr. J. B. Evans, in the locality referred to. Sweeney was also a quarryman at the same place, and on the 10th of June last annoyed the prisoner with allusions to the American war, which led to a sort of fight. Meynard hinted to a companion that worse would follow. That very night the prisoner, who lay down undressed in his hut, shared with Sweeney and others, was seen to fire with a revolver repeatedly at Sweeney as he lay in his "bunk." Sweeney was mortally wounded, and died a day or two afterwards in Warrnambool Hospital. Meynard, who escaped after inflicting the wounds, was cap- tured near Beechworth. He was found guilty, and sentenced to death. He will be hanged on Saturday next at Geelong. Dr. Louis Saengor, of Smythesdale, while getting into bia buggv, at Scarsdule, on the 2nd inst., was shot by n man named James Jones, a miner, who had been holding the doctor's horse. The unfortunate gentleman died in about ten hours afterwards. The murderer awaits his trial. On the 11th imt., au attempt was made by a man unknown to criminally assault tho wife of Michael O'Brien, a small farmer on the Campaspe. The woman's screams for help brought her husband to the rescue. Tho mnrander made off, and was at once pursued by the outraged husbaud, who, only staying to borrow a gun from a neighbour, came up with him about a milo from the scene of the assault. Calling upon him to surrender, the demand waa ferociously refused, with the in- timation, accompanied by a »uitable gesture, that the pursued was in as good position to de- fend himself as the pursuer. Imagining from the action that bia safety lay in taking the initiative, O'Brien fired, and the ruffian almost immediately fell. O'Brien at once rode into Echuca, and gavo himself up to the police. He remains in custody. The verdict at tho coroner's inquest was "Justifiable Homicide." Grace Heaney, Robert Hutchinson, Euphe mia Heaney, and Samuel Furi, have been committed for trial for the murder of Henry Junod, vinedresser, at Sunbury, on tho 3rd July last. Tbo funds of the Creswick District Hospital have benefitted to the extent of £4G by the performances in tho locality of a Chinese circus company. The handsome damages of £150 were awarded at the Sandhurst Assizes on the 6th inst., to a journeyman baker named Schmidt, who was arrested at the instance of his em- ployer, a Mr. Baud, of Whroo, on the charge of embezzling the sum of sixpence, and was incarcerated three hours before he could obtain bail. Schmidt had established himself in business in opposition to bia old master and the charge was said to have been prompted by jealousy at his success. The western district was visited on the 8th inet, by a mud storm. It is supposed that the Eolid matter with which the rain was im- pregnated was the reBult of a whirlwind. The volunteers of tho North-Western Dis- trict were reviewed at Sandhurst on the 6th inst. The muster was about 850. The latest news of the Leichardt Search Expedition comes down to the 16th Septem- ber. At that time it was at the Nocalija | River, Paroo. Mr. M'Intyre joined the party at Mount Murchison on the 20th August. The Port Denison Times of the 14th inst. says another tree marked with poor Leichardt's initial " L " has been discovered by Mr. Hays, of Richmond Downs. It is situated on the bank of the Flinders River, about a hun- dred miles to the east of Port Bowen. This io perhaps the most important trace that bas yet been found. The last tree Bo marked wbs found by Mr. Henning, also on tho bank of the Flinders, about one hundred miles due weBt of this last discovery. It wos supposed at the time of Mr. Henning's discovery that Leichardt's party bad crossed the river at this point ; but the finding of the treo on Rich- mond Downs proves that he must have fol- lowed up the river for at least 100 miles. Mr. Edward Wise, a judge of the Supreme I Court of New South Wales, died at Melbourne | on the 28th ult. His place on the bench has been filled by the appointment of Mr. Peter Fawcett, late Solicitor-General. The pastoral runs of New South Wales are being re-valaed, and, in many cases, a consi- derable increase in the rent will follow, A change of Ministry has taken place at Adelaide, A Roman Catholic priest named Power has | been drowned in the Burnett river, Queens- land, while bathing. Accounts from Hobart Town speak favour- ably of the progress of the salmon and trout. HISTOBY OF THE SITUATION. At the date of our Summary for the Sep- tember mail, the Legislative Council hod ad- journed till the 3rd instant, after adopting an address to Her Majesty on the différences between them and the Assembly-an address which His Excellency forwards by this mail for presentation, having delayed its trans- mission that he might have leisure to com- ment privately on its statement.!. The Assembly was still sitting, and provision for discharging the liabilities of the state had been made hy borrowing from the London Chartered Bank, although no Appropriation Bill had then, or has yet been, passed. HtOCEEDIN-S IN THE ASSBMBLT. On the 20th ult. Mr. Levi, a member who Bits in opposition, submitted the following motion : " That, inasmuch as by the 1st clause of the Constitution Act power is given to lier Ma- jesty, with the advice and consent of the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly, to make laws in and for Victoria in all cases whatsoever ; and by tho 43rd clause it is de- clared that it shall be lawful for the Legisla- ture to impose and levy duties of customs ; and by tho following clause all taxes, &c;, over which the Legislature has power of appropriation shall be appropriated as in the act mentioned ; and by the 56th clause all bills for appropriating any part of the re- venue, ond for imposing any duty, rate, &c;, must originate in the Assembly, and may be rejected but not altered by the Council, this Houso is of opinion that the Legislative Council has and ought to exercise the right of giving or withholding consent on every sub- ject of legislation; that the imposition of particular duties of customs is a question totally distinct from that of the repeal of the export duty on gold, whilst neither quostion is allied or kindred to the expenditure of money ; that a committee of the Legislative Assembly be appointed to search the journals of the Legislative Counoil, to ascertain what bas been done in relation to the Supply and Appropriation Bill." Mr. Macgregor moved an amendment in the following terms: "That an address bo presented to His Excellency the Governor, thanking nis Excellency for having, with the concur- rence of his responsible advisers, so promptly taken the necessary measures for satisfy- ing the public liabilities, and for main- taining the efficiency of the public service, and thus averting from the community the confusion and anarchy calculated to result from the refusal by the Legislative Council of its assent to the supply and appropriation for the year ; assuring His Excellency that this House will always be prepared to afford its fullest and most cordial support to His Excellency's Government in its efforts, by all such legitimate and constitutional measures as may under existing circumstances be necessary or expedient, to preserve and main- tain order and good government in the colony ; and informing His Excellency that thiB House deeply regrets that tho Legislative Council has not as yet taken any steps with the view of realising the hope expressed to it by His Excellency, that active legislation in regard- to the finonce of the colony may be promptly resumed." Mr O'shanassy spoke for the first timo for a long period. He said he was at a Iobs to un- derstand how either motion or amendmont could bein to the solution of the present po- litical difficulty. Ho considered that the hon. member for Rodney (Mr Macgregor), who seemed to occupy a sort of eemi-othcial posi- tion in the House, had committed a grievous wrong towards the Governor, in departing from constitutional practice and mixing up His Excellency's namo unnecessarily in purty politics. Why should the Governor ba lauded Or assailed for the act of his responsible ad- viceT ? The messages which had been sent by the Governor to the Houses of Legislature like the speeches delivered on the opening aDd closing of Parliament;-were docu- menta framed in the ordinary woy by his advisers. Alluding to the last message, he asked when the "temporary and provisional arrangements for meeting the inevitable pecuniary liabilities of the Government in the present emergency," referred to in that mesBuge, were to terminate. He was ashamed that, with a Constitution not ten years old, they should be in the ridiculous position of hoving to appeal to the Colonial Office for the settlement of a difficulty which could be solved here in five minutes. He was afraid that pride was at the bottom of the affair. The Government had Bought to coerce, and had to resort to subterfuges to got money to carry on the public service. But was Govern- ment to he conducted in that manner? He held that the sooner tho House rotmeed its steps the better, and, therefore, he urged upon it to put asido all false pride in the matter. The debate was rendored interesting by the withdrawal of Mr. Graham Berry, and one or two of the ultra-protectionists, from the Ministerial ranks, although they had not the cou. age to record their votes with the Opposition; and for this abandonment of the incumbents of the Treasury benches the bon. member for Collingwood has since been severely censured by his constituents, who called upon him to explain his conduct, and then at the meeting kept np so great a dis- turbance that Mr. Berry could not be hoard. It was also made interesting hy tho heat of the Treasurer's reply to Mr. Berry, and Mb threat that if the Legislative Council did not speedily give way the Government would abandon the collection of Customs' duties under the tariff as sanctioned by law, and collect dues only on the tariff aa agreed to by the Legislative Assomblyt The division list showed that the amendment was carried by thirty-eight to sixteen, the list being as follows; AYES. Mr. Blnilon Mr. Harbison Mr. Richardson \- Brown - Hopkin» - HiddoU _Burtt - Jones - Robinson \- Caicy - King - Sands \- Cope - Kyto - Smith, O. V. \- Crow» - Lalor - Smith, J. T. \- Cunningham - Longmore - Sullivan \- Dj'to - Macgregor - Tuckor \- Edwards - M'Cullocli - Valo \- Foott - Macpherson - Vordon \- Froncis - Mlcliio - Wardrop \- Orant - Rannay - Whoolor. \- Malley - Randall NOES. Mr. Blackwood Mr. Howard Mr. Mooro \- Carpenter - Kotferd - O'Qrady \- Dano - Lovoy - Pearson \- Gillies - Levi - Sherwin \- Oreovcs - MacBaln - Smith, L. Jj. \- Harker THE aOVEBNOa'S BUr-LT. On tho following day, tho resolution adopted and presented to His Excellency, who made the following reply : " Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legislative Assembly, " It is satisfactory to me to leam from your addresB that the meaBuros adopted, with the concurrence of my responsible advisers, in order to satisfy the public liabilities and maintain the efficiency of the public service at the present conjuncture, aro considered to merit the expression of your thanks. " While I am glad to receive your assurance that my Government may rely upon your support in its efforts, by legitimate and.con stitutional measures, to maintain order and good government in the colony, I regret '.to find that no step has yet been taken by the Legislature tending to realise the hope I some time since expressed, that activo legisla- tion in regard to the finance of the colony might bo promptly resumed." THE COUNCIL AND THE ASSEMBLY. On tho 3rd instant, in the Legislative Council, Mr. Sladen moved a series of reso- lution?, affirming the expediency of referring the differences which have arisen between the two Houses of Parliament, on tho interpre- tation of tlie Constitution Act, to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. Mr. Colo oppoFcd the motion, which was supported by Mr. Fawkner, Mr. Haines, and Mr. Strachan ; opposed by Mr. Murphy; and ultimately agreed to. On the motion of Mr. Sladen, a message wbb ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Assembly requesting their concur- rence in the resolution. In tho Assembly on the same evening, the message having been read, Mr. M'Culloch said-I am sorry that I cannot ask the House to adopt the suggestion thrown out in this message. No doubt the other House believe that they are in the right in this case: but, however that may be, it is not for this House to refer any of ita privileges to tho decision of any other body. There is no doubt what- ever that we hold precisely the same position as to privilegea as tho House of Commons, and we should not expect the Houso of Commons to be asked to refer any ques- tion as to ita privileges to any other body, and abide by the decision of that body. To apply to tho Privy Council would be to give up, to a great extent, our privileges and our views of the rights we possess. I do not be- lieve we have the right, and that we should be betraying the trust committed to us if we wero to confer with any other body as to what our privileges are. I do not think that even if a decision of the Privy Council were given on the points of difference, that that decision would bo binding, at all events on future Parliaments. There is no doubt nay, there ia almost a certainty-that the same question a would arise for decision, and wo Bhould be constantly referring matters to the Privy Council. I believe that this HouBe has powers which render it quito com- petent to decide the matter- with the aid of tho people of this country. I am sure, whatever may bo the decision arrived at by the House, the people of this country must be appealed to, and they mu6t give expression to thoir feeling aa to what aro the rights and privi- leges of each House respectively. There is no doubt that the exercise of the privileges and rights of both Houses must depend on the way in which those rights aro carried out. It íb quite true that the lloueo of Lords has the power to reject itpptopriution bills. It can do so, but it never has done bo. On more than one occasion it has stood out against the wishes of the Commons, and the IIoubo of Commons has then dis- tinctly intimated that, unless the Lords gave Avay, it would be competent for thom to pass mensures without the legislativo assent of the House of Lords. That was stated by a celebrated English statesman (Sir Jamos Graham) soma time ago, when tho Houso of Commons was going to pass a certain mea- sure, not so important as that of finance. Then Sir James Graham said that, while tho Houso of Commons wished to observe the privileges of the House of Lords, unless that bedy gave way it would be tho duty of the Commons to dispense with their assent. While we regret tho différences that now exist between the two Houses here, and observe the importance of the position in which matters are now placed, it is wiso that we Bhould maintain and adhere as strongly as ever to the position wo havo taken up as to the privileges of this House that the taxation of the people of this coun- try rests solely and entirely with this branch of the Legislature. While, however we maintain that, it is our wish, and I am sure that of lion, members generally, that we should if possible come to some understand- ing with the other branch of the Legislature ; and therefore if they are prepared to meet thiB House in a fair and just spirit, and if they desire to haA'e this difficulty removed out of the way by the appointment of a com- mittee to confer with a committeo of this House, the Government will bo prepared to ask this House to appoint such a committee. Under these circumstances, I beg to move the following resolution, aa a reply to the messoge from tho Counoll : - " That, while the Assembly desire that the differences between the Houses should be de- termined ns speedily as possible, they are of opinion that it íb inexpedient, under any circumstances, that such différences Bhould be refened, us proposed by tho Legislative Council, to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council ; but that, if tho Council see fit to invito the Assembly to confer upon the Bubject generally, the Assembly aro pre- pared to appoint a committeo to confer with a committee of the Council." Mr. Higinbotham seconded tho resolution, which was agreed to. On the 4th, in the Legislative Council, Mr. Jenner moved "That a conference be invited with the Legislative Assembly to contador tho respec- tive privileges of tho two Houses of Legisla- ture lu relation to bills of finance, und to recommend any mensure which may have the effect of adjusting the differences of opinion which at present obstruct tho legis- lation of the colony." The motion whb opposed by Mr. Haines, and negatived by fifteon to five. On the 10th, in tho Legislativo Council, Mr. Cole moved a resolution to the effect, that the Legislativo Assembly, having com- municated their willingness to confer gene- rally with the Legislative Council on the differences existing botween the Houaos, the Assembly be invited to confur accordingly, and that a committee be appointed to re- present the Council in the conference. Mr. Follows contended that the Council woro precluded from inviting a conference bo long as the Assembly retainod on their journals a resolution declaring that thuy would not consider any bill for appropriating supplies until the Council had accepted the Approprlation-cHHi-Tntift Bill. The bon. member proposed nu amendment to that effect, which Mr. Sladen seconded. The Houso divided, and the amendment was car- ried by 12 to 9. On tbo 12th, Mr. Horny Miller gavo notice in the Council that, " at tho next Bitting, be would move a lesolution to the effect that, in the event of the Legislative Assembly thinking' fit to appoint a commltto, with Parliamentary powors, to confer with a com- mittee of the Legislativo Council on the points of difference botween the two Houses, the Council would bo prepared to meet the Assembly on the subject." This motion waa dobatcd loBt night, with a result Avhloh will bo found in another column. TUE COLLECTION OF CUSTOMS DUTIES ILLE- GALLY. Tho Intimation, or threat, made hy Mr. Verdon, waa carriod out on Thursday, tho 12th instant, when tho old tariff was aban- doned and tho new ono enforced. Tho deci- sion was arrived at by the Governor In Council on the previouB day, aud aunouncod In tho following ukase, poBted at the Custom- house, in Flindera-Btroet :-" Department of Trade and CuBtoma, Melbourne, 11th October, 1805. Nottce.-It is hereby intimated, for general information, that on and after Thursday, the 12th inst. the depoBÜB hlthorto paid on toa, sugar, dried fruits, opium, and gold, will no longer bo required. (8ignod)- Jas. G. Fiiax cis, Commissioner of Trado and Oaatoms." Sinco then, somo of tho merchants, to avoid possiblo difficulties hereafter, have boen pay- ing the reduced duties in the names of bay clerks and strangers. THE GOVEBNOB AND THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. In answer to nn address presented by a deputation from a pabilo meeting of protec- tionists in the Exhibition-building, His Ex- cellency made a reply, which waa virtually an answer to the address of the Legislative Council : "I will not fail to transmit, for submission > to Her Majesty, tbo petition tvhlch you have just committed to my caro. I " I thank you, aa tho representatives of tho public meeting of citizens of Molbourne by whom the petition was adopted, for the expression of esteem and confidence in mo which it oonveys, "Believing, as I do, that an exaggerated view prevails of the responsibility I am sup posed to have incurred, by sanctioning the course that has been taken In order to enable tho Government to meet the just claims of the public servants and tho public creditors, I avail myself of the opportunity which the presentation to me of your petition to Her Mnjeety affords, to record the simple facts of tho case, as they havo come nnder my notice, in considering the questions to which the present crisis Eos given rise. " You are aware that, in pursuance' of the provisions of the Audit Act, the public re venuo has for somo years past been de- posited in certain of the Melbourno banks, and that from tho coffers of those banks it can only be withdrawn for application to the purposes for which it was granted by the representatives of the people by the employ- ment of certain forms established under tho same law. One of the most essential of these forms is, that, as a preliminary to the issue of the Governor's warrant and of the Trea- surer's subsequent order to tho bank to honour specified cheques in favour of tho public creditor, the Commissioners of Audit should certify that the amount required is ' legally available ' for the proposed payment. " The financial difficulty with which tho Government has had to contend arises en- tirely, I moy hero observe, from the view which the Commissioners of Audit take of the force of the term ' legally available.' " It appears to have been the practice in the earliest days of our Parliamentary go- vernment to issne the public revenue upon . the vote of the Legislative Assembly, out without the consent of the othor deliberative branch of the Legislature. " A doubt as to the legality of this prac- tice occurred to the Commissioners of Audit at an early period after the Audit Act carno into operation ; and the commissioners ac- cordingly, in December, 1857, requested the advice of the law officers of the Crown. " The opinion of the Solicitor-General, which office was then filled by the Hon. T. H. Fellows, was given in these words, namely : -' Considering that the object of the Audit Act is to make tho commissioners quite inde- pendent of the Government, I think the opinion of the law officers should not bo acted upon by them in a case like the present, but tho-louse should be consulted, I will see Mr. Ebden on the matter.' " This opinion being communicated to the Commisiioneis of Audit, those officers re- quested that the view of the ' House' might be ascertained accordingly. And it ÍB im- portant, with referonco to tho present posi- tion of affaire, to observo that neither tho Solicitor-General nor the Commissioners of Audit appear to havo considered reference to the Legislative Council to bo at that time necessary. Referonco was to be made to the . House' only. "The second letter of the commissioners having been before, the Solicitor General, that officer gave the following clear opinion : " ' I think that resolutions of a committeo of supply, repotted to and adopted by the House, make the amount " legally available." In point of fact votes of credit wore passed and moneys issuod on them during 1857, when changes of Ministers took place, and which ha\e never been questioned. It is, moreover, in accordance with the practice of the IIouso of Commons. (Signed) Tnos. Howard Fel- lows. 11th January, 1858.' " In accordance with the view expressed in this opinion, corroborated in tho year 1859, by an opinion given by Mr. Attorney-General Chapman, upon a cognate point, the Govern- ment, the Legislature, and the Commissioners of Audit continued to act, until the month of January, 1802 ; the claims of the public ser- vants and the public creditor of every descrip- tion being satisfied upon the votes of the AsBcmbly alone, in anticipation of the annual appropriation act. " At the time referred to, discussions having taken place in both Houses upon the subject, it was determined by the Government to in- troduce the more regular practice of obtain- ing what were called, I believe, consolidated revenue acts; but being, in fact, acts autho rifjinc the application of the public money to purposes in regard to which, it should bo re- membered, the Legislative Council could ex- orcise no voice whatever, since those acts in- cluded no appropriations, and wero always in anticipation of tbo annual appropriation act, which is usually sent to the Council as the closing communication of tho session from the Assembly. " But, although a new system was thus in- troduced, neither at that nor at any subse- quent period has the former prnctice, under which it was considered by Mr. Solicitor General Fellows and Mr. Attorney-General Chapman that the public revenue was made ' legally available,' been declared by a reso- lution of either House, mnoh less by any act of the Legislature, to be illegal. " The new practioe was even announced by the Treasurer (that office being then filled by the Hon. W. 0. Hainos) to the Commissioners of Audit merely as an 'intention of the Go- vernment,' and so little Importance in point of law was then attached toit that, althoagh, ns the Treasurer informed the auditors, tho first of the bills referred to waa expected to 1 become law in tho course of tho onsuing week,' the Treasurer deemed it so absolutely necessary to keep ' faith with the public cre- ditor' (I use biß own words) that he requested those officers to concur in tbe issue of £40,000 under the expiring syBtem, being the esti- mated sum which would be required before the act could be perfected. " The Commissioners of Audit, svidently with great reluctance but remarking that ' payments under contracts for postal ser- vices, the maintenance of prisoners, and for many other important services,' would b3 omo due before ' the expiration of the week,' 'felt it their duty,' ns they Btated, ' to certify tho'warrant,' and the issue took place ac- cordingly. "From that timo to the present, the system of pa«sing these acts of supply in anticipation of the passage of tho annual appropriation act baa been in force; but the Commissioners of Audit have never, as I understand, as- signed any stronger ground for continuing to require such acts than that which they stated in tiroir annual report of the 30th May. 1803, viz., that the passing of tho first of those acts was a distinct 'declaration of tbo wishes of Parliament as to the course henceforth to bo pursued.' " I do not doubt for a moment that the commissioners take this view lu the con- scientious discharge of their duty ; but I need scarcely obsorve that the wish of Par- liament is not the law of Parliament; neither is the wish of one Parliament neces- sarily the wish of tho succeeding Parliament ; and still more assuredly the wish of the Par- liament of 1862 is not the wish of the Par Harm nt of 1865, since that important branch of Parliament-tho Legislative Assembly have, by the terms of their address to me, left no doubt that a temporary recurrence to tho former practice would meet with their ap- proval. "The necessity of keeping faith with tho publie creditor is, at least, quito as pressing at tho present moment as in 1802 'Con- tracts for the maintenance of prisoners and many other important services demand to bo ob punctually met hy the present Treasurer as they did by the Minister whoso laudablo anxiety to fulfil his public financial obliga- tion b1 bave just reforrod to. "But there is this important difference between the caso of 18G2 and that of 18G5. In 18G2 not even the first of the series of bills intended to authorise the itsue of the public revenuo had becomo law, wbilo in 1805 not only have acts of this nature boon passed pro- viding the necessary supplies up to the ead of tho month of June last, but the Appropriation Bill itself has been sont by the Assembly to tho Council ; and the readiness of tho Council to concur in the exponditnre for which the bill provides has boen twlco de- clared-first by resolution, and afterwards in tho address of that body to me. There can, tbereforo, be no doubt in this matter of either tho wish or the intention of tho present Par- liament. "I am bold, moreover, to affirm, and I am fortified in my opinion by corapotont legal advice, that the 45tb section of the Constitu- tion Act, which makoB the payment of all re venuo officers a chargo upon tho consolidated revenue, and tho Civil Service Act, aro as good appropriations under a plain, honest inter- pretation of constitutional law, as any other enactment authorising appropriations for par- ticular sorvices. "Under all these circumstances, and with- out, for one moment, meaning to imply that the more recent system is not the more re- gular also, especially as embracing the cou- currence of the three branches of the Legisla ture, there can, I think, be no question that the Government would have been fully justi fied in reverting, ob a temporary measure, to the practico which prevailed from the om mencement of Parliamentary Government up to January, 18G2-a practice which, as I have before observed, has never been pronounced illegal; and has, on the contrary, been de- clared by official legal authority to be in ac- cordance with the practice .of the House of Commons. " To the adoption of this course, however, an insurmountable difficulty was opposed by the view which, in conformity with the wish of the Parliament of 1862, the Audit Commis Elouera now attach to the term 'legally avail- able,'which term tboy consider can be satis- fied only by an act duly passed by the three branches of the Legislature; and it was to this well-known view of the Commissioners that I referred in my message to the Assombly of the 29th August last, as preventing the issue of money in the regular and accustomed manner from what is termed in the law the '.public account.' " It thuB appearing that there was no power of directly applying the public revenue itself io the purpose for which it was granted, the first obviouB expedient to preveut the inju- rious conséquences which would inevitably follow from the continued suspension of the public poymente, was to borrow money, if possible, for tho dischargo of the liabilities of Government. " On this point I shall only observe that, independently of the authority which I pos- sess from Her Majesty ' to take order for the present' in regard to ' anything' -which may bo for the ' advantage and security of the colony not provided for in the Governor's com- mission and instructions,' I have the opinion of the able members of the bar by whom the Crown in this colony is at present advisod, that Her Majesty's local Government has legally the power to enter into contracts binding on the Crown, for purposes of a pub- lic nature, and necessary for carrying on the proper functions of government, including contracts to borrow money for the payment of existing legal public liabilities. " No doubt this legal power must bo exor- cised subject to the accountability of the Go- vernor and his advisers respectively, to what- ever bodies and authorities that accounta- bility constitutionally Iles; and no doubt, also, it is for the other parties to the contract, but for them alone, to determine whether the guarantee for repayment of the money borrowed is satisfactory and sufficient. " With respect to the mode by which the Government has been happily enabled promptly to repay the earliest of the loans effected, and thuB, I trust, insure their con- tinuance, pending the ultimate fute of the appropriation clauses contained in tho bill now in custody of the Legislative Council, it is, no doubt, an anomaly (and, in my opinion, a discredit to constitutional government), that a state of the law can possibly exist under which tho holder of n just and legal claim against the Crown cannot havo that claim satisfied out of an overfloAving treasury, upon his own demand, because the language of liiAvs which make that claim iudefensibleare nevertheless not deemed technically sufficient to satisfy the terms of a certain piescribod form, but may immediately effect that object by entering the Supreme Court, and trans- forming himself into a judgment creditor of the GoA'emment. " In no way, however, could the provisions of the net for enforcing claims against tho Crown be made more effectually to subserve the public interest, and promote just and righteous purposeB, than by enabling the Government, aa it does in the existing emer- gency, to appropriate the supplies ' given and granted' to the Queen by the people's représentatives, to the payment of the lawful claims of Her Majesty's eervants, of the pledged allowances to Her Majesty's troops, and to the satisfaction generally of the de- mands of the public creditor, in a freely göA'erued possession of Her M*jesty'_ Crown. " I entcitain, gentlemen, perfect confidence that the opinion of my proceedings which is expressed in your address to Her Majesty will, when the facts aro correctly understood, be ncquiesad in by the inhabitants of the coloDy at large, to whose judgment it may well be left to determine whether thoso pro- ceedings hove violated oither the * spirit or the letter of the laws,' or whether they con- stitute a scheme, oither ' collusive,'' uncon . stitntiounl,' or ' revolutionary.' THOTECTIOHIST PETITION TO THE QUEEN. A publlo meeting of the friends of tho Ministry was held in the Exhibition building on the 25th ultimo, when an address to Her MajeBty in support of the Assembly was adopted. It was as follows : " To the Queen's most Excellent Majosty. " The humble petition of the citizens of Melbourne, in public meeting assem- bled, respectfully showoth, " That your petitioners desire to approach your august Mojosty with assurances of their unalterable attachment to your sacred person and Government, would heartily congratu- late your Majesty on tho felicity of your long and glorious reign, and on tbo loyalty tbat exists in all parts of the British empire, and ferventlypray that your Majesty may be long spared to grace the throne with your banigu sway. " That, in the exercise of your great wis- dom, you did appoiut Sir Charles Darling, K.C.B., to be tbo Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria. " That His Excellency possesses the esteem and confidence of the people of Victorlo, not- withstanding that a small section of the com- munity has assailed him with opprobrium. "That the act for which he has been blamed has been approved of by the great majority of your Majesty's Bubjeots in this colony, as relieving from distress large num- bers oi the civil servants, and as being neces- sary to savo the country from anarchy and ruin. " That the Appropriation and Supply Bill waa passed by large majorities in the Legis- lative Assembly, and was neither accopted nor rejected by the Législative Council, but merely laid aside. " That the Legislative Council does not, nor caunot from its constitution, represent tho opinions of the people of Victoria : tho high qualification requisite for its members (unencumbered freehold property to the value of £6,000) limits very much the choice of representatives in th« present altered state of the colony ¡ Avhile the unequal division of the colony into electoral provinces, and the high qualification also necessary for electors, give undue preponderance to certain interests, and place the colony entirely at their con- trol. "Thatthe Legislativo Assembly has only been recently elected, it b;ing only in its first session, and therefore faithfully represents thodeBircB aud opinions of the people. " That at the last election tho polioy of the present Ministry received the almost unani mous support of the country. " That un election hoB just taken place in one of the most important constituencies of the colony, and that the Ministerial candi- date wbb returned by a very lnrge majority. " That an election has also taken placo for the Council, but which raulted in the defeat of the Minibterinl candidate. " That these two elections strikingly display the difference in the constitution of the two Honses. The numbera polled by both candi- dates in the North-EoBturn Province for the Upper Houso was 320; while the numbera , polled by both candidates in Ballarat West for the Lower House was 2,620 ; the North Eastern Provinco being represented by fivo members in a House of thirty, and Ballarat West by two mumbel s in a House of seventy eight. " That the action of your representative and the Ministry baa received the aanction and approval of a very large majority of the Assembly. " That the Ministry of Mr. M'Cullooh aro strong in the confidence of the people ot Victoria, for the faithfulness and honoîty Avith which they have carried on the Govern-. ment of the country. " That the importers are directly interested in the rejection of the Appropriation and Supply Bill; and aro, therefore, making tho moat strenuous exertions to have the Ministry overthrown, and the bill rejected. " That the Land Act passed by the present Parliament, introduced and administered by the Ministry, is giving great satisfaction, But- tling hundreds of honest and industrious in- dividuals on the laud, and thus peopling this country with a class of yeomeu who will be always ready to maintain and defend tho dignity of tho British Crown in this portion of your empire. " That your petitioners aro fully persuaded that this is the true cause of the opposition of the members of tho Legislative Council, who are either themsulves deeply interested in the squatting system, or have bsou re- turned by purely squatting constituencies. "That your petitioners would respectfully cnll your Majesty's siiecial attention to the fact that, if the pulley of the Legislative Council be approved of, the Crown will bo dependent for its supplies on the will of fifteen individuals, who ore A'irtually irre- sponsible, the Crown having no power of dis- solution, as in the case of the Lower House; nor can their numbers be increased, as in the case of the House of Lords in Great Britain ; and that, therefore, at any moment the affaira of the country may bo thrown into inextri- cable confusion by tho freaks or whims of a few i responsible persons, without the possi- bility of remedy or cure. "Your petitioners do, therefore, sincerely pray that your gracious Majesty would.dis- allow the prayer of the memorial forwardod by the Legislative Council, approve the action taken by your representative, 'and support; the Ministry and Assembly in the discharge of their duties and the maintenance of their rights. " And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray." MEETINGS lit THE COUNTRY.-RErLY TO THE BALLARAT ADORESS. Meetings in various districts of the country hove heen organised by the" friends of the Government. The resolutions and addresses adopted at them have been almost word for word the same. In reply to that from Ballarat the Governor soid ; " It will be my duty to transmit to the' Secretory of State the petition whioh, on behalf of a public meeting of the inhabitants of Ballarat, yon have placed in my hands for submission to Her Majesty. *' I need not assure you that it is satisfac- tory to mo to observe the opinion which the meeting bas conveyed to Her Majesty, not only of my administration of the affairs of the colony generally, but also of that parti- cular menBure by which, in the existing con- juncture, tho public liabilities are met, and the public service continues to be efficiently maintained. " You nie aware that the Leglslat ive Coun eil, separoting me from my responsible Minis- ters, havo thought fit, through the medium of a document which has necessarily received publicity, to accuse me individually of unjus- tifiable conduct in giving my assent to that measure, which the Council has at the same time characterised as a scheme collusive (viz., concocted with a fraudulent intent) unconstitutional, and revolutionary. " To the people of Victoria an extsnsive power of controlling, and a corresponding duty of forming an opinion upon, public affairs has been committed by the costitu- tion of its Government and Parliament, and in order to enable the people to judge how far this charge against the Queen's represen- tative in the colony is supported by facts, I entered at some length into an explanation of the circumstances connected with the measure upon which the charge is founded, when on a recent occasion I received from a deputation of a public meeting in Melbourne nn address to Her Majesty similar in purport to that which you have just committed to my caro. ' " It adds materially to the confidence with which I now accept expressions of public opinion upon the subject, to feel satisfied that they are not given without a full knowledge of all the facts which havo any material bear- ing upon it. " With respect to the law by whoso instru- mentality the measure referred to has been carried into effect, it may be well to remark that it. adaptability to the purpose does not, in my estimation, consist of the facility by which a judgment against the Crown may be obtained, but in the peculiar provisions of the statute, whereby direct authority ia conveyed to the Government at once to satisfy that judgment out of the consolidated revenue; and whether it was or was not contemplated by the framers of the act, or by the Parlia- ment which passed it, that itshould be applied to cases precisely Bindiar to the present, it is at any rate not a little remarkable, that in defining the claims or demands against the Crown which come within its operation, it declares them to be claims and demands which shall be founded on and arise out of some contract entered into on behalf of Her Majesty, or by the authority of her local government.' " It would, I think, be difficult to construct a clause more comprehensive in its terms, or moro clearly describing the nature of the demands and claims- both those which the Government is now satisfying, through the medium of tho London Ohartered Bank, nnd those which are directly preferred by the bauk itself. "Having made these observations in refer- ence to those passages of your petition to Har Majesty which relate to myself, I now desire to assure you that I am not insensible to the strong expressions of confidonce in my re- sponsible advisers which not only that document containB, but which have reached me in various forms from unanimous assem- blages of the inhabitants of the colony, and that I attoched to them due weight in decid- ing upon my own conduct as the depository of the constitutional power of the Crown in the present position of public affairs." MEETINGS OF CHAMBERS OF COM- MERCE. MELB0U11NE. A special meeting of the members of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce was hold on tho 20th ins t., at the Hall of Commerce, for the purpose of " considering the probable effect upon commerce of the recent action of the Ministry, and the expediency of me- morialising Her Majesty tho Queen on the subject." Mr. Phipps Turnbull, president of the chamber, occupied the chair. There were more than fifty members present. The Chairman having stated the object of the meeting, would only express a hope, in the cause of law and good order, that no revolu- tionary proceeding on tho part of this or any other Minibtry would bo sanctioned hy the Melbourno Chamber of Commerce. (Ap- plause.) Mr. H. W. Fabhab moved tho first reso- lution:-"That this meeting views with alarm and apprehension tbe action of the Victorian Ministry, in assuming the absoluto and irresponsible control of the finances of the colony, enforcing on tho one hand now duties and remitting others with- out legal Banction, and on the other hand expending the public funds without the authority of an Appropriation Act, and in violation of established laws. That tho un- authorised remission of duties only adds to the insecurity and embarrassment of the im- porters, who may hereafter be required to make good the carne ; and that the practical suspen- sion of constitutional government by the pre- sent Ministry is imperilling the credit, the Be ciuity.and tho future well- beingoftbecolony." This resolution was one which met with his entire concurrence, and he had no doubt but that tho Chamber of Commerce, by adopting it, would express collectively, what they had already done individually, namely, a con- demnation of the conduct of the Ministry during the last two or threo months-he might say nine months, indoed, but that he desired more particularly to refer to those last very extraordinary proceedings on the part of the Government, which had excited a lively alarm thioughout the commercial community. The question now was, not one of the tariff, but of tho constitution undor which they lived. The members of the commercial community were prepared at such a crisis to forget their immediato interest as traders, to cast aside the tariff altogether, to put aside altogether the question of freo trade versus protection, and to consider solely whether such ñ violation of the constitution as had recently taken place ought to be allowed. On this ground it was thal be asked them to adopt tbe resolution. Mr. Murray Smith (Smith, Strachan, and Co.) Beconded tho resolution. If the new tariff" were set aside by the Privy Council-and even Mr. Higiubotham must admit tho possibility of this being done-the new duties would havo to be refunded ; but the remissions of 3s. per huudredweight on sugar, and 3d. per pound on tea could not be io-collected, because importers had taken the alarm, and a whole array of native youths was biing omployed in passing entries, with a view, should the old tariff be resumed, of defrauding the revenue. And this was done, too, with the connivance of the Customs autho- rities. Was it possible that the introducers of Buck a System could find favour either with the free-trader or protectionist who had the slightest lovo of law nnd order? As the Ministry had defied law and order, had defied the Legislative Council, had dolled the merchants as a body, and, abovo all, had defied tho Supreme Court, it was time to turn to the only remedy left, and to ask Her Majesty whether she would not interfere, through lier Ministers, to save the colony from n reign of tyranny and ohicanery. (Cheers.) Mr. James Balfour said that, though he had not prepared any amendment, he felt in- clined to move one. In England, during changes in the tariff, duties were imposed on tho authority of the Lower Houbo until the matter was disposed of by the House of Lords. (" For a few days.") Horo the Upper House had not as yet disposed of the matter (laughter)-nor was it likely to do so-(re- newed laughter) - and, consequently, the action of the Ministry at the present moment was exactly the same as it was seven or eight months ago. Then, in referonco to the ré- mission of the old duties as affecliug trade and commerce, it seemed to him that tbe elhct was to reliovo the community from the payment of double duties. He was not lawyer enough to Bay whether the Ministry lind tho power to do it or not, but tbo chamber knew that there was precedent for their conduct. Tho bill for re- pealing tile tax on units of entry was dis- allowed by tho home Government, but the wharfage rates, which in the meantime were substituted for that charge, were still levied, although the act imposing a tax on units of entrieB remained law. As to the control of tho finances by the Government, thoGovernor, and the Assembly, he considered that in that matter also the Government had en- deavoured to eave the credit of the country, to preserve it from confusion, and from a commercial panic. (" Ob, oh.") He did not seo what else they could have done (" Resigned.") That would have made con- fusion worse confounded. (" We should have got a better Ministry.") That, he believed, was the secret of the opposition, and'he was glad that it had come out. If a new Ministry had assumed office it must have gono to tho country, and where wa6 the money to come from while the elections were going on? ("Nonsense.") What would they have done then ? (" Why, paas the Appropriation Bill.") The Ministry had taken the only cour.o open to them. They set the whepls in motion again. Doubtless they did thia by a mild revolution. (Laughter.) Better thero should be a revolution, though, than stagnation. Under those circumstances, he begged _ to move as an amendment, " That thia meeting feels that the recent action of the Ministry has been conducive to the advantage of the trading and commercial interests of the com- munity." (Laughter.) A member of the Chamber suggested that Mr. Balfour should move the substitution of the words " lively satisfaction" for "alarm," in the original motion. (Renewed laughter,) The amendment was not seconded. Mr. J. Spowers, in supporting tbo motion, expressed hiB regret that the amendment had not been seconded, in order that the chamber might have seen what was the comparative strength of thoso who dared to come before the commercial community and justify the illegal action of the Ministry. O a the other . hand, however, it was very satisfactory that no, one had ventured oven to second the amendment. (Hear, hear.) With respect to Mr. Balfour, remarks, he would observe that the meeting did not object to the mere fact of the Government levying new duties, but their objection was, that the Governor, with the advice of his Ministors, had dared to repeal the law of the land without the autho- rity of Parliament. It was thia which caused the alarm ; because, from the action of His Excellency and his present advisers, it was evident that any Ministry, with the sanction of tbo Governor, might Bet aside the law. There was therefore ground for very serious alarm, because there was no guarantee what- ever for the security of life and property if such a state of things was allowed to go on unchecked. (Hear, hear.) It was vory woll to try and throw rose-water over the action of the Ministry ; but the probable consequences of such action in a community like thia were fearful to contemplate. It must bo remem- bered that the present Ministry was a com- paratively respectable Administration; indeed, the members of the Ministry were generally considered to be very respectable until they resorted todiscreditablododgca-dodges which were unworthy of a parish vfBtry. Nothing but such conduct as that of the lowest class of pettifogging attorneys could have insti- gated the proceedings which the Ministry had taken. It was most erroneous to say that there was any cause for the action, which they bad taken. Mr. Balrour said that they had adopted every constitutional means to get the Appropriation Bill passed. He (Mr. Spowers) denied that they had done so. What was tho first action of tho Ministry? They chose to imagine that the Legislative Coun- cil would throw out tho Tariff Bill if it were sent up separately, and conse- quently they determined, without ascer- taining the opinion of the Council, to put the tariff in Buch a shape-by attaching it to the Appropriation Bill-that they miglit, if pos- sible, deprive the Upper Houso of the exercise of a power that was expiessly resorved to them by law. The privileges of the Legisla- tive Council were not merely like those of the Houso of Lords, for the Constitution Act had expressly reserved to the Council the power of rejecting any money bill. The Govern- ment knew that, and they attempted by a ' side wind to deprive them of that power. The Ministry thought the Council would not dare to reject-that they would not have the pluck to leject-the Appropriation Bill with the tariff attached to it. They found out their mistake, and then thev went ou from ono mistake to anotbor. Mr. Balfour had said that theyt endeavoured by every constitu- tional meanB to bring about some reconcilia- tion. What waa tho first act of the Go- vernment after the Council laid aside the Tariff-cam- Appropriation Bill? Mr. M'Cul loch proposed in the Legislative Assembly a resolution, which declared that they would never send up another Appropria- tion Bill until the Council passed the other one with the tariff tacked to it. That waB a very strange mode of attempting to bring about a reconciliation. It was a great mistake-a political blunder; but, ac- cording to Mr. Balfour, it was reconciliation. Again, when there Avas apparently an opening for Eome conference with the Upper House, tbo Bupporters of the Ministry forbade the committee of the Assembly, which was ap- pointed to confer with a committeo of the Council, to go into any subject that would bo likely to bring the differences between the two Houses to anything like arbitration. Again, when tho Uppor House lately took action, what course did the Ministry adopt? Did they take any step to bring about a con- ference or smooth the way to any reconcilia- tion between the two Houses? They did no such thing. (Hear, hear.) As if to show that tho Government were determined to do without tho Legislative Council, a decree was issued from the Commissioner of Customs' department that the duties according to the old tariff would no longer continue to be Ißvied. Did that give any chance to the Upper House to move in the way of reconciliation? The Government bnd, in fact, taken nostep3 whatever towards a reconciliation. (Hoar, bear.) A great deal had been said about tho Council not having passed or rejected the ibill, or made the Assembly cognizant of what bud become of it. The Upper House, how- ever, had, immediately they knew tho course which the Government wore going to take, appointed a committeo to search for pre- cedents, and, after the committee presented their report, they pasped a resolution de- claring that they would not receivo any bill from the Lower House in the form in which tho Government threatened to send up the Appropriation Bill-namely, with the Tariff Bill tacked to it. They determined that the bill should be laid aside if it wei;o sent up in that form. The Government were, therefore, perfectly well awnre of the courso which the Council intended to take. When tho bill was sent up, the Council received it and retid it a first time, merely to ascertain what was really the character of the bill; and when they had found out what the object of it was, they did as the; had threatened to do-laid it aside. Tho Ministry knew beforehand that the bill was to be dealt with in that way. By loyiDg it aside, the bill was as much rejected as if it had been formally rejected. In 1807, a Malt Duties Bill, containing on appropriation clause, .wa3 passed by the House of Commons, and sent to the House of Lords, by whom it was, on account of the appropriation clause, laid aside. Did the House of Commons on that occasion pass such a flagrant resolution as tho Legislativo Assembly had passed, and de- clare that they would never send an Appro- priation Bill up to the House of Lords unless that particular Malt Duties Bill was passed? No; but, on the contrary, they appointed a committee to search tho journals of tho Lords, and, finding what had been done with the bill, they sent up a fresh measure, which was afterwards passed by the Lords. The Ministry had shown no desire for reconciliation ; but every step they had taken had been taken as if for tbo purpose of shutting the door against any »conciliation. Every possible insult had been heaped uponthoLoglslativoCouncil. The Governor-or. perhapB, the Governor and the Ministry, as Hie Excellency com plained of his actions not being recognised as the actions of his responsible advisers-had, by receiving a certain petition which hod recently been pre- sented, approved of the use of phraseology towards the Legislative Council which would. never have been sanctioned by any Secretary of State at home. If any petition of tho kind bad been offered for presentation to tho Queen at homo, the very fact of its containing such abuso of the Legislative Council would have caused Its rejection. (Hear, hearl. There was one other point in Air. Balfour, speech which he thought it necessary to notice. Mr. Balfour said that the action which had re- cently been taken by tho Mlniatry must be considered satisfactory, because it had been sanctioned by the Governor. The sanction of the Governor, however, did not ranko the collusivo borrowing of money from the London Chartered Bank satisfactory. It was no satisfaction that the Governor had con epired with the Ministry to break tho law ; it was no Batistaction that His Excellency had sanctioned Mr. Francis in abrogating the old tariff without the authority of law; it was no satisfaction that the Governor lud sanctioned all the illegal proceedings of the Government ; but, on the contrary, it made the matter worse. (Mear, hear.; It made the consequences which were to be apprehended from such proceedings the more frightful and alarming. The sense of insecurity which such illegal and unconstitutional proceedings occasioned was all tho greater becauao those proceedings had t'c iv-uihe sanction of the Governor. (Het»i, bear.) He did not think that there wos anything else to notice in Mr. Balfour's speech, except his exceedingly funny fancy that the recent action of the. Govern- ment had tended to encourage trade. (Laugh- ter.) Everyone knew that trade had mate- rially follín off; and that the intercolonial trade had been seriously interfered with by tbe new tariff. (Hear, hear.) It might ba a matter of perfect indifference to some persons whether the soft-goods men, as they were called,wero injured or not; but apparently . nothing would delight the Ministry and th,eir supporters so much as hoisting up Messrs. Stevenson or Messrs. Sargood by one of the pulleys of their own ware- houses. Recourse to the lamp-post would be a very Eotisfactory conclusion to all the ilk gul proceedings which had taken place ; ana unless a check wero put to thoBe pro- ceedings, that would be the recourse. (A laugh.) He could not conclude without endorsing Mr. Murray Smith's expressions of regret at the conduct of the Government towards those who had lately been their friends. He used tbo term " lately," because it was impossible that the mercantile com- munity could recognise as friends auy longer men who had abused ond vilified the com- mercial classes-men whose actions had not only been" personally obnoxious to the com- mercial classes, but dangerous to the welfare of the wholo community. (Applauso.) The resolution was then put, and carried, with only five disBentionts. Mr. F. J. Bligh proposed the next resolu- tion :-" That the following memorial to Her Majesty tho Queen ha adopted, and, when signed, be presented to His Excellency the Governor for transmission ; and that tho com- mittee of the chamber be requested tojtake the necessary steps forgiving effect to this resolution : " TO 11F.11 MOST GRACIOUS MAJESTY Q-TEEK VICTORIA. " May it please "Your Majesty, " wo, your Majesty's most dutiful and loynl subjects, tho uierclionts and brink ers of the city of Melbourne, members of the Mclboumo Chamber of Cominerco, bog to approach your Majesty with the assurance of our devoted attachment to your Majesty'« person and throne. " It I« with extremo roiueUnco that wo venture to bring under tho notice of your Majesty tho fact that tho trado and commerce of this important colony, as well as its gonornl interests, are injuriously alfoctod nnd imporillcd by the courso of action which ha« boen adopted by tho responsible advisors of your Majesty's representative, supported by a majority of one branch of tho Legislature, and that such action is altogether opposed to British law and constitutional usage. '* Tho differences existing between, the two Houses of tlio Victorian Legislature bavo doubtless been reported to j our Majesty, loading; as they havo dono to the virtual rejection by tlio Legislative Council of the annual Appropriation Bill, owing to Its having annexed to it a Tariff Bill, Intended to effect Impor- tan', changes In the fiscal policy of tile colony, and by which annexation it was sought to precludo the members of the said Council from any participation in legislation thereupon, mid to deprive tlicm of their rights and functions as a deliberative body, and a co- ordinate branch of tho Legislature. .* Vt'o beg humbly to submit to your Majesty that lnnny of us oro Importers of mercliand ise and European products, and that all of us are moro or les« iuterosted ill tlio commerce of the colony. " That n fooling of alatni and insecurity porvadea the minds of the lncrcmitllo community generally, owing to the fact that the sanctions of law aro dis regaided and openly violated by the present Vic- torian Ministry. "That now Customs'duties aro levied, and others remitted and treated as repealed, without the con- currence of moro than ono of the threo branches of tho Legislature. " -lint, notwithstanding tho decision of tho Supremo Court of tho colony that such a courso is utterly illegal and indefensible, tho importors aro compelled to submit to the dictum of the Commis- sioner of Ciistums, or to suffer stiU moro serious losses in tho detention of their goods. " That 110 redress can bo had for thoso manifest wrongs except the slow and expensivo ono of legal proceedings, wilfully protracted by tho Crown law ofllccrs of tho colony. "That oven tho remission of duties becomes under the circumstances a sorloun evil, as we aro advised that any succeeding Ministry would have It in their power to onforco tho payment of thom horeattor from the importer, who would then havo no moans of re- covering tho same from lils purchasers. " Wo further beg most humbly to stato to your Majesty that this feeling of alarm nnd insecurity Is greatly increased by the moana which bavo boon re- sorted to by tbo Victorian Ministry (sanctlonod, it would appear, by your Majesty's ropresontativo), for expending tho public monoys out of your Majosty's Treasury, in evasion of thoso acts of the colonial Parliament which wero intended to regulate their disbursement. "Vt'o would humbly submit to your Majesty that tile existence of tho stato of things abovo mentioned amounts to a practical suspension of constitutional government, and an assumption ot power on tho part of the prcEeut Mini-try which is at varianco with tho maintenance of your Hoyal dignity and prerogative, and furnishes just ground for alarm and npprohonslou ou tlio part of your Majesty's loyal subjects resident in this colony. *' Wo tboreforo most humbly pray that your Majesty will bo pleased to adopt such measures as in tho wisdom of your Majosty's constitutional advisors shall bo deemed best for tho redress of our present grievances, and for the ro-cstablishmont of that safe mid constitutional rule amongst us which it was in- tended by your Majesty, acting with tlio advice and consent of tlio British Parliament, should bo onjoyed by us. And," &o.; Mr. G. Martin seconded the resolution. Mr. T. J. Sumner said that, disinclined as be was to take any part in public affairs, he felt that hccould not, as a citizen, abstain from coming forward to support a petition which set foith so moderatoly, exactly, and fairly how a state of things existed in the colony in defiance of the judges and of the law. Tho motion was put and carried unani- mously. Mr. C. B. Bright moved a vote of thanks to the chairman. Mr. LoniMER seconded the motion, and in doing so expressed his satisfaction that the meeting had taken place. A great many remarles had been made upon the chamber not taking an active part in the agitation. Businessmen naturally looked to trie cham- ber to take the lead in all matters appertain- ing to trade and commerce; and it was thought that the aiming of so deadly a blow at commercial interesls generally ought to have elicited more active opposition from the chambor than it bad done. It would now be seen, however, that, with five exceptions and three of the dissentients were members of one firm-the chumbar was unanimous in condemning the illegal and desperate course taken by the Government. According to Mr. Balfours own admission, the Government were effecting a revolution-a mild one, Mr, Balfour said, but still a revolution- and what was revolutionary must be presumed to be ilh-gal. Tho motion having been put and carried nan, con., the proceedings terminated. BALLAKAT. The Ballarat Chamber of Commcrco met on Monday afternoon, " for the purpose of con- sidering' tho recent acts of the Ministry as they affect commerce, and the expediency of momoriaÜBlng the Qseon thereon." Mr. W. C. Smith, president of the chamber, occupied the chair. Mr. Chalmers said that as several members of the chamber who were opposed to the action proposed to he taken in the matter were absent, ho should move an ad- journment of the meeting. Mr. Jones said he ubould oppose any adjournment. All the mom- bo 1 b lind bad abundant opportunities of know- ing wbatwaB to tako place, and he had gone round to most of them personally on Saturday lai-t. to remind them of it. Mr. Campbell said, though net agreeing with the mover of the adjournment motion, he would second It, pro forma, to tost the feeling of the meeting. Air. Baker said he could only see one object in in- troducing tbe present motion-that was, to defeat the action intended to be taken by the meeting. Be strongly condemned the conduct of the Ministry. Mr. Jones then moved the first resolution. They were not there, ho said, tu discuss the merits of n freo trade or of a protection policy, but to call in ques- tion the conduct ot a Ministry whose sole idea seenud to bo to govern the country fo as to Buit the vlows of a dominant faction. Ho proposed,-" That the recent action of the Ministry, ia dispensing with tho legal method hitherto in vogue of collecting and disbursing the revenue, is cal- culated to create a sense of insecurity amongst capitalists, and to injure the credit of the colony abroad, and is therefore highly prejudicial to commerce, and to all classes of the community," Mr. Baker seconded the resolution, denouncing the Ministry as re- volutionary. The motion was carried by a large majority, only one person opposing it Air. Chalmers. Mr. T. Lang then read the memorial to the Queen, which set forth the Etate of matters in the colony, and the con- duct of the Ministry, and which prayod Her Majesty to uphold tho law and the authority of the Constitution, and moved its adoption. Mr. Campbell seconded this, and it was ac- cordingly adopted. The meeting then dis- persed. MEETING IN ST. ÛEOBaE'S-IIA_.I,. A meeting of the citizens of Melbourne opposed to the illegal and unconstitutional proceedings of the Ministry was held on Mon- day, 22ud inBt., at St. George's-hall. It was convened at the instance of tho Free trade League, and tho admission waa by ticket. To defeat this justifiable and ne- cessary precaution, the friends of the Ministry resorted to most discreditable tactics. Forged tickets, bearing a facsimile of the embossed stamp of the Free-trade League were issued, and were freely dlstrl butcd amongst the adherents of the Protec- tionist party. The fraud, however, was op- portunely discovered before the hour ap- pointed for holding tho meeting. Mr. F. J. Bligh presided. The Cuaibman, inoponing the proceedings, remarked that the object of the meeting was to petition the Queen on n matter of the very greatest importance to the colony. (Cheers.) Mr. B. F. Bdnnt, who moved the first re- solution, said he thought it waa high time that those persona who had the Avelfuro of the 'country at heart-who felt an interest in the colony -should come forward and publicly protest against the unconstitutional and illegal proceedings of the individuals com- posing the present Ministry (cheers) ; and that they should also make known, as well as thoy could, far and wide, that those doctrines which the demagogues who were backing up the Ministry and misleading tho people were promulgating, wore not the dootrines upheld by the respeotable inhabitants of tho country. (Renewed cheering.) He carno there to protest publicly against tho invasion of the rightaand freedom of the people by the present Ministry. (Hear, hear.) The résolution wbich ho had to propose was as follows:- "That this meeting views with alarm the illegal and unconstitutional pro- ceedings of the Ministry, and regards with especial repugnance their last and most flagrant act, by Avhich they have dispensed with the Audit and Customs Acts, and have allowed articles to ho taken out of bond without paying the duties imposed bylaw." TUB resolution alluded only to ono-tbo last -flagrant act of the Ministry, but it entitled him to diBcusa the whole of tho conduct of the Ministry, which had led to the present crisis in public affairs. To understand the question properly, it was necessary to con- sider what was the first step taken by the Ministry. Withoutany overt act being done, or without any apparent cause, tho Ministry endeavoured to coerce the Legislativo Council, and compel them to pass the new tariff without giving them a chance of discuss- ing or deliberating upon a matter of such vital importance to the country. By means of what was called a tack, tho Govern- ment virtually said to the Council "Either you must refuse to pass the Appro- priation Bill, and consequently leave all the debts of the country without the means of payment, or you must pass a bill for an altera- tion of the tariff, which you have never de- liberated upon, and probably never will approve of. That was the dilemma in which the Ministry endeavoured to place the Council. " You shall not do that which you are willing to do, unless you do that which you aro unwilling to do." Waa that a position in which a deliberativo body ought to be placed? (No.) It should bo remembered that the Council was composed of individúala who had not merely a voice, but both a voice and a stake in the country. Was the Council to perform ita legislative functions, or was it to ha bound to obey the dictation of the Minislry and the Assembly for the time being? (Hear, hear.) Upon what grounds had the Ministry attempted to tliThst the tariff down tho throats of the Council ? It had been alleged that it waa a question of privilege, but where did tho Asi-einblv get tho privilege from wbioh they olaimed? Did they get it under tho Constitu- tion Act? If so, the Council possessed the same privileges aa the Assembly, for the Con- stitution Act gave privileges to " the Legisla ture of Victoria," and not to the Legislative Afcsembly. The "able lawyers" who advised the Government did not dare to assert that the right of initiating taxation was one of the privileges of tho Assembly, independent of the terms of the Constitution Act. It was the Constitution Act alone, which gave the Assembly the right to initiate taxation. The privilege of the Assembly in this matter Avas therefore a question of law. The law said that the Assembly Bhould have the right to originate taxation; and there the law stopped. It did not say that the Assembly had a right to perfect taxation-to impose duties, and to compel the Council to agree to thtm. That, however, was what the Assembly had attempted to do ; it bad endiavoured to abrogate the position which the Council had given to it under the Constitution Act. If taxes could be levied by the voice of a single House, the Upper House might as well be abolished at once. If the Government had the entire con- trol of the pur6e string«-if they had the com- mand of the revenue of the country-what was there to prevent them making any use they liked of the public funds ? What wa3 there to prevent thom doing something still worse than what appeared to have been done with some of the money which the Ministry had bo illegally and despotically wrested from certain clasBes of the commu- nity ? Some persons-he did not say who had carried their support of tho Ministry to the length of going to the expenso of forging tickets similai to those issued by tbo Free trade League for admission to the meeting (Cheers, and cries of "Shame.") They had gone to the expense of forging tickets for the purposo of introducing people to the meeting who were hostile to the object of the pro- molers, in order that the proceedings might be disturbed, and the object of tbo meeting frustrated. Whero were such proceedings to stop? If they would forge tickets for such a puipose, there was nothing to prevent them letabliehing some power which would dragoon and subjugate the colony. (Cheers ) It might be absurd to suppose that the seven gentlemen forming the Ministry had any such bold and noble ideas aa getting ab.o luto and despotic power in the country-it might be absurd to suppose that they would over attempt to raise themselves above the poBitlon of Bimple citizens receiving salaries trom the state ; but it was impossible to tell what they might do, with the control of the puhllo money, for thoy had already set the law at defiance. (Hear, hear.) There wa3 nothing to check the actions of the Ministry -there waa nothing to prevent them using thtlmonojs which they obtained by their pre- sent unlawful proceedings for any purposes which they thought fit. (Hear) What did Mr. M'Culloch do utter the Appropriation-cum Tarin Bill waa laid aside by the Council? He proposed a series of resolutions, wbich wero adopted by the Assembly, declaring that they would not pass any other Appropriation Bill on account of tho year 1806 until tho Council agreed to the tariff. No one who had read those resolutions could form any other opinion than that they were the petulant, peevish ebullitions of angry children, rather than the deliberate con- victions of serious statesmen. (Hear, hear.) Before the AkBembly tucked the tariff to the Appropriation Bill, the Speaker, though he said that joining tho two billa together was not a tack, declared that it would be necessary to suspend the btanding orders before that course could be adopted: but the Assembly refused to suspend the standing orders, because they knew that, if the standing ordtrs were suspended, they must have recourso to the UBage and practice of the English Parliament, and Mr. Shaw Lefevre had declared in 1841, that it was unconstitutional to join a bill of supply with an appropriation bill. Mr. Michie had said that the Legislative Council had a legal right, but not a constitu- tional right, to reject the bill. The only right, however, which the Council had in the matter was conferred upon them by the Constitution Act, which expressly gave them the right to reject any money bill. It could not therefore be taid that the Council had a legal, but not a constilutional right, to reject the bill. The two terms were in fact convertible. Mr. Michie's en- deavour to overrule therigbt of the Council waa therefore absurd. The Speaker's explanation was still more remarkable. He said that the Upper House had the right to do what they had done, but that it had not been the prac- tice for tbem to do bo. The Upper House had never exercised the right simply because the Lower House had never had the audacity to present such a bill to them before. (Cheers.) Putting aside all questions of free trade or protection, he contended that the Upper House had a perfect right to reject the bill. Ab a representative bodv, they bad a right to discuss the measure. It was said that tho Council only represented some 9,000 people ; but tbey represented the whole of the property of tho colony, and the, whole of the people who possessed property. ' (Cheers, and a few cries of "No," which caused a slight interruption.) The so called analogy between the Legislative Council and the House of Lords was an absurdity, because the C juucil was a representative body-it represented the people who bad a stake in the country ; and ho hoped those persons would support the Council in their endeavour to prevent the country being ruined. (Cueste.) Having brought about a dead-lock- having placed the Council in the embarrassing position of being compelled to lay aside the Appropriation Bill for the year-tho Ministry determined to stick in office as long as they could, and, with the aid of a majority of the Assembly-which they used as a veiy convenient shleH-they iäec about Bchcming to get the u-iu of tbo le vernon of the country, and defeat the lnw, ani keep the Upper Hou«e in its state of nullity. Tüey sent a circular to the banks holding the public account, which circular bute on the lace of it an inteuded fraud. (Cheers and interruption.) They «ndeavouted to get money iib gully, which they could not ob- tain legally. They Bald nothing about how the money waa to be repaid, and five of the banks refused to assist the I Ministry. The sixth, however, ogroed to do so.nnditwasclearthat they had received some hint ns to the suing and confessing judg- ments, which had since been carried on, and by means of which something like £500,000 hnd.been obiained. (Cries of "Slume.") What would- they' say if, in private life, a trustee of funds collusively created a debt, and made use of theowner's name.against him- self, to pledge his funds in payment of the debt? (Cries of "Asvviadlo,0 "Pentridge.") If such things wore done in private life, the guilty person would be proceeded against civilly, or criminally, or both. (Hear.) If the Ministry could raise £500,000 in three months by illegal means, what was to prevent them raising any amount thoy liked, and diverting it to any purpose they liked ? Notwithstanding tho action of the Legislative Council, and the decision of tho Supreme Court, the Goveinmont were determined to ruiso duties by their own flat, and had de- clared,by a stroke of the pen, that duties which they were bound to collect should henceforth ho remitted. (Cheers, and Borne interruption.) Tbefc things were none under the pretence of following the practice of the English House of Commons. But in England the Customs never levied duties in such a case without taking bonds to protect the state if the reso- lutions of the Commons should not become law. Here tbo Ministry, in thoir usual autocratic fashion, said they would not take these bonds. And how could the mercantile community !feol safe under such circum- stances? "Who could say what action the next Ministry, would take in the matter ? And was this the position the country should be placed in-to submit to a wanton, wicked, and wilful alt-ration of duties-a v, anton, wicked, and wilful dispensing with duties established by men as good as the Ministry (" Bethr")-and a wonton, wicked, and wilful interference with the constitu- tional rißhts of the Upper House? He would like to allude also to that remarkable docu- ment issued recently by His Excellency the Governor in defenco of his action, and more etpecially to those legal reasons, which were, hu presumed, to be attributed to the " present able legal advisers of the Crown." (Cheers and laughter.) The object of His Excellency's reply to the Ballarat deputation was of course to show that the financial action the Ministry had taken was justified hy law, by the con- stitution, and by the exigencies of the state. The document, therefore, went to show that during a ctrtain period, when Mr.'.Fellows was Solicitor-General, a certain way of adminis- tering the public revenue was considered to bo legal ; wherefore it was argued that the Ministry were justified iu dealing with moneye which were not public funds in a way which no one had yet ventured to say was legal. Tho nest argument was that the Constitution Act was a sufficient appropriation ; and the next, that the (agencies of the country were such that His Excellency was justiüedin dis- bursing moneyB under the powers of his com- mission. Therefore, threo legal courses were pointed out as reasons why a fourth course should be resorted to, one which no one had uvor attempted to show was legal- namely, the milking use of the act for enforcing claims ngainst the Crown in a manner never con- templated by its framers. Mr. Mukbay Smith seconded the resolu- tion. The timo had now come whon every lijdit-minded honest man should lay aside political differences, and uuite in a hearty condemnation of the existing state of things, (Cheers.) He Bald all right-minded men, whether protectionists or free-traders, whether they liad consistently opposed the fiscal policy of the Government, or whether they had lingered too long unwilling soldiers in the Ministerial camp. The question was not one of tariff,. They were there because they claimed to be friends of law and order, and because they charged the Ministry with a violation of both. Wrong in the commence- ment, the Ministry had blundered from fault to fault, until thoy had culminated in such un act as ought to render tbem incopable of nny longer occupying a publio position in Victoria. (Cheers.) The Ministry had committed no light act. They had shown the way to anarchy and ruin. They had sapped the foundation of our tower of stieiigtb, so that the lightest breeze might Bwcep it to the ground. No parallel for their conduct could be found in English history. In all their toils and troubles Englishmen bad ever claimed to live" by the law. Let it not be said that this, the youngest but the most prosperous and energetic, of British colonies, was doomed to a retrograde and subversive policy, and to have the Constitu- tion granted her violated and trampled upon. (Great cheering.) The resolution wob then put, and was car- ried by an overwhelming majority, only some twenty or thirty persons voting against it. Mr. D. Holboto (barrister-at-law) proposed the second resolution ¡-"That thiB meeting heurtily approves of the firm and dignified conduct of the Legislative Council in resisting the revolutionary attacks of the Government nnd in maintaining tile Constitution as by law established : and hereby expresses itB earnest hope that that body will steadily adhere to the courso which it has adopted in the present crisis-a courso which this meeting believes will secure for tho Legislative Council the labtlng esteem and gratitude of the great majority in the community." He wished every man in Victoria to understand the crisis through which the country was now passing-to realise that the question was not one of tariffs, or of reform of the Upper House, but was, whether the country should be ruled according to law ? Respect for law had become engrained in the character of Englishmen. What was it distinguished Oicut Biitain from the nations of Europe, but the complete submission of her inha lialiitants to the laws, and their steadfast ad heitnce to the constitution undor which they lived ? What but the example of obedience Fttby Her Majesty theQueen rendered her more revered and honoured than any sovereign who lind ever occupied the throne ? Now, he would tell them what the law really was, as regards taxation and appropriation. Begin- ning with the Constitution Act, that statute empowered the Legislature of Victoria-not theAsEenibly alone, but tbe Legislature-to impose duties of Customs. These duties form- ing part of a consolidated revonuo, which was to be appropriated as directed by the Legis- lature. So far the Council and tho Assembly had co-ordinate powers. Where they differed wes, that money bills were to originate in the Assembly, and could be re- jected, but not altered, by the Council. That was the law; he cared not who gain sa) ed it. Now, however, a privilege was claimed for the Assembly to levy taxes by its own resolutions ; but so far from this being correct, the fact was that the Constitution Act conferred equal privileges on the two Houses; and if the Assembly had the power to raise money by resolution, the Council had the power also. What was sauce for the goose vvus 6UUCC for the gauder. He had now told the meeting what the law was. It was the law which the judges of the land had laid down ; and no lawyer; in the colony who was not a partisau of the Ministry, and whoso opinion was worth a brass farthing, would contradict him. He did not believe in the gospel according to St. Francis. (Laughter.) The speaker then recounted the history of the tariffand wentoutoBay :-In theeveuts which had subsequently passed the Governor had neglected his duty as Her Majesty's represen- tative. (Loud cheers, and a few crleBof " No.") Ho was about to add that His Excellency had also made himself on active partisan. He had been told that it was an insult to criti- cise the Governor, orto petition for his re- call ; but as an Englishman be claimed the birthright of full freedom of speech. (Loud cheering ; and some interruption, which waB caused oy a protectionist on the platform calling for " Three cheers for the Governor.") He claimed a right to criticise and canvass the conduct of the Governor, and to censure it, if it deserved censure. (Hear, hear.) As an Englishman he had a right to criticise the conduct of the moBt exalted person in the state. When the address from tbe Legis- lativo Assembly, asking the Governor to take measures for the payment of the civil servants was presented, His Excel- lency at first made a response to the effect, that it was not competent for bim to sanc- tion the issuo of money from the public account for the payment of the civil servants, or for meeting any other public obligations, until the amount required was rendered legally available by an act of Parliament, duly parsed by the three brnnches of the Legislature. That was followed by a startling and extraordinary document, in which the Governor announced to tho Legislative Council that he had, without violating either the spirit or the letter of the law, succeeded, with the advice of bia Ministers, in makiug temporary and provi- sional arrangements to meet the inevitable pecuniary liabilities of the Government, and at the same time said that, as he underwood ihnviowB of the Assembly, they were con- tending foi a fundamental principle of the constitution. If that language meant anything, it meant that the Gover- nor considered it consistent with his duty to aid his Ministers in enforcing the (kim of the Assembly to levy taxes by its own resolution, which claim ho had t very short time before declared, with the advice of tho same Mini-ter?, to be illeg .1. (Cheers). The liabilities were not inevitable, beciuse ' Ministers might have avoidod them; and the means adopted wero not temporary or provi- sional, becauso thoy were Btill in force. (Re- newed applause.) Mr. Holroyd proceeded to comment upon the conduct of the Ministry ia violating the Constitution Act and the Audit Act, and borrowing money, without legal .authority, from tho London Chartered Bank. Neithor the Governor nor the Ministry, ha said, had any authority to raise money which was to be paid again out of the public revenue. What was the next stop ? The bank presented collusive petitions, praying that the money_ which had been borrowed might be repaid, and the Attorney-Gene 1 ral-whose first duty it was to pro- tect the rights of Her Majesty and up. hold the law-colluaively confessed judg- ment, and acknowledged thul money ille- gally borrowed was legally due. (Hear, bear). The potition to Her Majesty, wbich the Legislative Council had prepared, con- tained a summary of most of the proceedings taken by the Government. Since that petition was framed some other important events had occurred in the colony. The Commissioner " of Customs (Mr. Francis) had continued the collection of the new duties, in defiance of the Supreme Court, and pending au appeal to the Privy Council; and, moreover, he bad issued an ukase directing that the deposits for- merly demanded for the payment of the old duties, in the event of the new tariff not being passed, should no longer be required, Thus Mr. Francis, by his own will, not only overruled the Supreme Court, and anticipated the judg- ment of tho Privy Council, but put it out of the power of futuro Governments to repair tho consequences of his illegal acts. What . was wanted was that the country should bo governed honestly, and that industry should bo allowed to pursue its natural course, un- trammelled, unsliuckled, and unswaddled by piotcction. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) Mr. J. S. Johnston seconded the «solution. He said that many months ago he do teimined to rotiro from public life, and ho had repeatedly declined invitations to appear again on the platform ; but tho timo had now arrived when it behoved every man who had the well-being of the country at heart, or who desired the pre seivation of his property, to como forward, and endeavour to avert the oA'il consequences of the terrible mieiule under which tho colony waa suffering. (Ohcers.) It was a misrule the evils of which no one could over- rate- a misrule which had already become a precedent, and might hereafter bo used as one for attocks, spoliation, and injustice, the foieshadovting of which was alarming to contemplate. (Hear, hear.) So much had already been written and said aa to the course adopted by the Legislative Council that ho could not attempt to throw any new light on the subject. The Upper Hou°e were described as a set of obstructives, but if they Avere obstructives, every indivi- dual who placed a lock on his door, or a ftisteiiicg on his window, was moro obEtructive. (Applause and laughter.) Tbe Council only said to the Assembly, .'You shall not take our money without our consent ;" while they said to the more daring, hut not less lawk'68 burglar, " You shall not take our money at all." It bad been said that the Council ought to bo swept away. They had seon enough of Government by a singlo Chambor, however. Were they to have, aleo, a bingle Chamber composed of delegates from constituencies like the one which had summoned Graham Berry before it, pre- sided over by a morbidly conscientious gentleman, whose present business waa to concoct legal quibbles by which all laws could be broken? Better, he for one Bold, b_ niled by a single despot, who knowing that he had but one head felt that he munt take care of it, than by the bydra-beaded body he had described, whose reasoning waa groans, and whose arguments yella. (Ap- plause.) Without stopping to applaud the conduct of the Council, he would express his hope that by adopting the resolution the meetiDg would show that one section of the community-and not the least intelligdnt seitlon-was with the Upper House in the stand it had taken. He regretted that tho name of the Governoi should have been introduced into political diecuBsions. No one could have respected mid esteemed more than himself that fino old English gentleman- Sir Charles Darling. He would ohk, though, who it was that had caused the degradation His Excellency bad suffered who had dragged him through tha niiro to hold bim to the gaze of the British empire as a deluded victim of a confidence utterly misplaced ? (Cheers.) Mr. J. W. Bandell, in supporting the re- solution, stated the reluctance with which he oppeared on a public platform, but Bald . that he would have felt a traitor to his . country if he had not come forward to express his detestation of the unconsti- tutional conduct of the Ministry. He waa as sorry as any ono could be to have to allude to Hie Excellency; but how could thoy help doing bo when ills Excellency had proved unfaithful to his ltoyal Mistress ? (" No," and cheers.) Well, the Governor's instructions stated that ho was to administer the govern- ment "according to such laws as are now or ' shall hereafter be in force in our said colony;" and the judges having declared what the law was, had not His Excellency hacked up the Miniotry in their wrong-doing ? The Governor had brought criticism upon him- self by becoming a mere partisan of tbe Ministry. Better, according to His Excel- lency's own address to the Ballarat deputa- tion, be Avithout a Governor at all than have such a representative of the Crown. His Excellency declared that ho was an automa- ton in the hands of his Ministers-a mora thing, with nothing to do but to eat, to drink, to attend amusements, and to sleep. That, be was sure, was not tho view Sir Henry Barkly would have taken. Ile ap- pealed to the community not to ho led away, by false iafiues regarding protection and free trade, from the defenco ot the constitution. Mr. H. R. Ssiitii moved the third résolu- tion :-" That the following petition to Hor Majesty the Queen be adopted, signed by tbe chairman, and presented to His Excel- lency the Governor for transmission to tho Queen : PETITION. "Most Gracious Majesty, "AVo, your Majcstj's most dutiful and loyal sub- ject», inhabitants of tho colony of Victoria, bog to npproaeh your Majesty with expressions of our de- nted attachment to your Majesty's throne- and person. " Your Majesty lias, doubtless, beon informed or. tho differences which havo arisen between tlio two Liglslative nouses of this colony, and which have led to complications willoh seriously Imperil tho peace, prosperity, and Well- being of tho community. " Those differences havo orison in conaequenco of an attempt on tho part of tho present Mlnlitr. of Vic- toria to annex to tho Annual Appropriation Dill a bill (.ffecting- a total chango ¡u the fiscal policy of this country, and also a bill for altering n part of the tor ritoriai revenue, euch a measure being calculated not only to affect tho rights of the Crown uy repealing the prtsent Customs Act, and tho Using of duties for one j esr only-thus rendering the supplies even for the Governor's and the Judges' salaries dependent on an annual vote of Parliament-but to invado and encroach upon tho rights ef the Legislativo Council, as fixed bj the Constitution Act, to an equal and co- ordinate voico In the legislation of this colony. " Thin question, aud all the circumstances which bato arisen iu relation to it, havo boen fully ani faithfully set forth in a certain petition to your ilojcsty which wa» adopted hy tho Legislativ« Council of this colliny, and presented to His B_eel loi.oj the Governor, for transmission to your Majesty, in ¡September of tho present year; and to the state- ment and prayer of that petition jour present peti- tioner, bog mt st humbly and respectfully to call your Msjesty's uttention. " Your petitioner' would earnestly beg to call your Majesty's attention to the fact that Custoini' duties aro at the present timo being levied at the port of Melbourne by the authority of tho resolutions of tbe Legislative Asscmbl) alone, \tithouttholegaI audusual unction of the three branches of tho Législature, and contrary to the decision of tbo Judges ot the Supreme Court of Victoria. Also, that the publlo moneys aro being, disbursed out of your Majesty's treasury in ora slou of the terms of the statute o.pro-îly provided for the purpose of regulating; tho control and disposition olthopubliclunds. "These proceedings, apparently sanctioned by the authority of your Majesty's representative in this colony, have already produced a general sense of alum nuil insecurity In the minds of your Majesty's I ojal subjects in Victoria, and aro calculated seriously to endanger the oilstonco of constitutional Govern- . ulent In this portion of your Majcdj 's dominions. ' " Tho Legislativo Council of this colony is an clcctiiebody, composed of thirty member«, and Is olictcd by persons possessed of a certain freehold or le««.hoId qualiflcatluii, hy graduates of any recog iilted uniroibity, byuiotnbors of tho learned profes- sions, by ministers (¿.religion, and by olllcers of your Mnjt_t>'a military or naval service. These qualitlc tUuis on the part of tho electors havo rendered the Council a fair reflex of the propony, education, and Intelligence of tho community. " lu the couiso which the Legislative Council pur- sued in dealing with the annexed bills or supply and appropriation thoy wore supported by ono of Um» largest petitions ever presented to cithor branoh of the Legislature. "Your Majesty's petitioners therefore humbly pray that your Majesty will (rraciouily take iuto your coiifideratiou tha gloat and Important question at Issue between the two Houses as horelnbefore set forth ; and especially tho right or authority ot the Government for (ho timo being to borrow money mid collect duties upon tho »implo resolutions of the Home of Astombly. " Your Majesty's petitioners beg most humbly to submit this memorial, in order that your Maja*-/ may be fully Informed of the grave constitution«! question reilly at issue between tho two Houses, aou may take such mcLSUres as lo your Majesty may soorn Jil for tbo correction of the existing abuses, for the maintenance of your Boyal dignity, and for the a-fety and satihfaction of your Majesty's petitioners iu trill tolony." ¡Mr. W. HBYMAN60N seconded the motion. Ho announced that he was a manufacturer ?one of the very men whom the Ministry in- tended to heneflt by their splendid tariff, -(Cheers.) As the employer of 200 workpeople, he declared that the tariff was an abortion ; it was neithor protection nor free-trade. It resembled those atrocious compounds sold by quack doctors, which had all the nausea without doing the good of physic. The real question now was the upholding of that law so dear to all Englishmen, and, as a foreigner, he might decluro equally dear- to Angli- cised aliens. A foreigner himself, ho loved England nnd her institutions, because he appreciated the difference betweon a despotic country and one which onjoyed a free con- stitution, as Great Britain did. The Ministry, however, had abused the constitution for their own purposes. (Hear, hear.) The resolution having been adopted, a vote .of thanks wbb given to the chairman, and the proceedings, which occupied about two hours, 4hen terminated. THE G OLD-FIELDS. With the failure of the water supplies very many men are being thrown out of employment thus early in the year, and with little chance of finding remunerative occupa- tion at mining again, either on their own account or as wages men. All the places where work can bo carried on are, of ?course, crowded under these circumstances, and every week now several of the quartz jnining! companies in the drier districts have to discharge their hired men, from inability to keep their steam engines going any longer. Some are bo Bituated ob to be able to avail themselves ofwater obtained by the drainago of reefs and deep leads, but thoso are the ex- ceptions, and the number of companies, either with their reservoirs dry, or only con- taining enough for a week or two longer, is bo coming great. Then the difficulty of getting the monthly calls paid up on the shares of companies still in Eearch of the reefs or deep leads is so great, that work has either to be entirely stopped for the present, or the number of men much reduced. Thus the number of the unemployed is being also increased; and as many of even tho divi- dend-paying companies on tho deep leads are obliged to restrict their operations, owing to the scarcity of water, or from other causes, there is no hope left in this direction. Just when the Btate of things with us is so bad, very favourable accounts are arriving from the Hokitika and other new fields on the western coast of New Zealand, and, as a matter of course, an exoduB thitherward has commenced, but to what extent it will Teach is as yet a matter for con- jecture. A large proportion of the miners would, under the present circumstances, bo only too glad to escape anywhere : but former losses and suffering in New Zealand have not been yet forgotten, and many of those who wish to go have not tho meonB. Much relief will be afforded to thoso who would other- wise find it hard to earn their living here through the Bummer, by the expenditure of large sums of public money on water works in thoso districts most in need of them, and there is only too much causo for regret now that these were not com- menced years ago. However, the act autho- rising the expenditure haB been at length passed, and in a few weeks the most impor- tant of tbeEC works will bo commenced. Such Is the presont aspect of affairs on the diggings, and, as the working minors suffer, so do speculators in shares. These have como down wonderfully in price, and without the least probability of any considerable rise again for a time Many persons having purchased be- yond their ability to meet calls on shares in those companies which have yet to reach the gold, any shares wbioh aro saleable must ba disposed of to prevent the forfeiture of the re- mainder, and the market is thus glutted for a time with the shares of dividend paying companies. These have, therefore, fallen below their real value, but a reaction has commenced already, after the temporary panic, and capitalists are gradually buying them up. Of the soundness of mining specu- lations, apart from the speculation in shares, we have still to say, that few of those are not well based and do not offer a fair promise of ultimate success, as soon as the difficulties inseparable from a succession of bad eeasons, and the fact of too many being started at once, are got over. Much disappointment having been expe- rienced at so few of the quartz mine3 at Wood's Point yielding a return even yet, and the place being therefore as much decried by many as it was beforo spoken far too favouiatly of, an inquiry has buen made on the spot, to ascertain the actual yield from those claims in which gold is got, and tho re- sult is that the Morning Star prospecting claim has produced 47,518oz. ; Cherry and Co.'s, 39,922ez, ; the Alps Central Company's, 24,600oz. ; and so on downwards, some ten or twelve clainiB in all having produced within two years a total of 137,098oz, worth about half a million of money, while tho estimated expenditure on labour aud machinery for all the claimB in the district did not amount to half the sum. And this is about the proportion the expenditure bears to the receipts in any large number of well-judged mining enter- prises which have been carried on for a suffi -ciently long timetoprovetheir value; but those who are unlucky make far more noise than those who are getting the gold, and so a place is unduly run down. It was the same with the reefs at Donnelly's and Stringer's Creeks, on the other sido of the mountains, which wero declared for a time to ba worthless, yet aro now giving some very large yields. For inBtanco, fifty-four tons of stone lately taken out of the Harp of Eiin claim at the former, produced 441oz., and 230 tons out of another 571oz., while some large parcels of stone from reefs at the latter have lately averaged from three to uve and a half ounces to the ton. Then the last 18G tons of stone from the Happy-go Lucky Beef, not far off, produced 709oz, and 700 tons from the same reef were crushed during the quarter beforo, with a total yield of 2,149oz. The yields from the older reefs have been well maintained, but few will bear comparison with these. And although the saleable value of BhareB in some of the dividend-paying companies at Ballarat is not half what it was, no falling off is to be seen in the yields there either, For each of the last four weeks the Band of Hope Company had 871oz, GOOoz., 654oz., and 741oz. respec- tively, willie the Buninyong Company had weekly yields of 4G0oz ,303oz ,ö06oz.,aud350_z. Then the Koh-i-noor Company got l,032oz. for one fortnight, and 8U0oz. tor the other, and the Great lSxtended Company 937oz, and .400oe. in the like periodB. This last namod -company has not been so profitably employed as usual for the last few weeks, but duiing the quarter the total number of ounces wuBhed out was 6,02o. Only in regard to nuggets bave we any especially good news to "tell, and the largest seen for a long time past was found last week. This weighB no less than 515oz, and was bit upon in new ground near Dunolly, at a depth of three or four feet, a few hours' work in the adjoining claim bringing another of eighty ounces to light, so that we may look for more lumps from this quarter of a size we havo not been much -accustomed to of late. AGE-CULTURE. Thero is now little doubt that wo must look forward to a poor harvest generally, -although in those parts of the colony which have been moBt favoured with rain the crops promise well, On light and exhausted land, and whore little rain haB fallen, thoy are, however, beginning to fail already, and prices of all sorts of grain aro advancing; anore from a growing certainty that the 3>ield this year must bo light, than because of any present scarcity. Except in a iew limited tracts of country, thero has not been rain enough through the winter to penetrate more than a very few inches into the earth, so that there is no store -of moisture either in the soil or sub.oll to prevent anything green from being parched np quickly before the beat of summer. If this hns not come upon us yet, tho dry ?weather would appear to have Bet in, and, judging from the character of tbe last few eeasons, there is little probability of more than a passing shower between this and har- vest time. A heavy Iobs will thus fall on the farmers out of the favoured tract1', and not only on them, but on the community at large, for bread must bo still dearer than it 1b now, and as for meat, no ono can tell where enough is to come from, if the drought con- tinues. Evon now, when the stock Bhould be in the best condition everywhere, the cattle coming to market are only half fat, and many of the sheep eold to the butchers would in ordinary seasons bo thought nufit to be killed If such is the case now, what must we expect three months hence, when there will be no grass and little woter left on many .of the runs, and not n particle of feed along the roads? Ever sinco the beginning of last summer there has been a great scarcity of gross, the winter rains not «eing sufficient to produce enough to enablo the sheep and cattlo to recover their lost ground, wbile there has been no flush of {trass even in the spring, so the stock gene- rally is in a poor state. This militated much against the success of the spring shows, fir which tbo stereotyped apology was that th*y were as good as could be expected, consider- ing the many drawbacks of the season. Our once great Melbourne Show was held a couple of weeks since; but this, like the rest, has kept pace with the times, and gone back- ward. Instead of having eight or ten of the best draught horses money could pur- chase in England or Scotland entered for tho first prize and champion cup in their clasä, there was, in fact, no competition this time, and tbo number of mares and young animals was small. In the cattle classes thero was even less competition, one Arm of short-horn breeders haviug it all their own way, though with animals certainly very good. Nor were the entries of duity cows, Aldemoys, Bretons, or other bleeds, at all up to the usual standard. It was only in Bheep that tbo show was really what it Bhould have beon, and there waa a very fine collection, especially of long wool*, including very superior Lincolns, Lîicorters, Cotswolds, and cross-breds. Many of these luBt were wether., and large enough and fat enough to command an average price of about 00a. a head when sold by auotion, half of which would have been deemed too much a year ago. If, however, wethers have been selling particularly well this year, rams havo not, partly owing to tho scarcity of feed, hut prin cipally because of the numbers now offered becoming too largo, without any general im- provement in quality. Although over-sup- plied with young rams, the market i_ not in a similar state with regard to young bulls of good blood, and a draft of yearlings from the herd of Messrs. Morton and Loach sold well just after the Port Phillip Society's Show; Hoy al Butterfly tho lath fetching £105 ; Boyal Butterfly the 9th, £150 ; Boyal Butterfly tho 15th, £90; and bo on down- wards, the average of seven boing nearly £88 each. These were all by Boyal Butterfly the Otb, from Colonel Towneley's herd, and out of very well-bred cows; so we need scarcely say that they were good. Shearing is now being got over rapidly, and muoh wool is coming into town ; but wo fear that the total quantity available for export will be no greater than last year, if it amounts to as much, for several of the settlers are actually shearing fower sheep than they had then, owing to the losses of lambs, &c;, by starva- tion, and on many stations the clip will be otherwise light. NEW ZEALAND. The news from New Zealand relates princi- pally to the strifes in tho Parliament, which is now Bitting at Wellington. Sevoral attacks havo been made on the Weld 'Ministry, on the grounds of their fiscal and native policy, and on the question of the separation of the islands. The Ministry have maintained thoir position, and the division-lists show that they possess a small but a sufficient working ma- jority. The peaco proclamation does not appenr to have either conciliated or terrified the hostile natives. There has been a great meeting of the Ngatimaniopotos and their allies at Kawhia. King, Kowi, and other leading chiefs wera present, and harangued their fol- lowers. The whole of the speeches were of a warlike character, and expressed n firm de- termination to attempt the retaking of the Waikato territory at the first favourable op- portunity. The meeting wa9 held with the concurrence of Thompson, the paramount chief. A reward of £1,000 has been offered by Sir George Grey, for the apprehension and bringing to justice of any one person, and £100 in addition for each of tho other persons, who took pait in tho murder ou the 21st of Sep- tember of the native policeman Kereti, while engaged in carrying the proclamation of peace to tho nDtives in arms. Six parties were named and identified hy Kereti, before his death, as being his murderers. Tbu intelligence regarding the east coast expedition is meagre. Representations have been sent to Wellington, Btating that the rebels at Opotiki are ontrenched in three strong pus, about six miles distant from the camp, und heavy guns have been asked for, to assist in their capture, In the meantime the Government finds that the management of a colonial army is not without its troubles and difficulties. A great sensation lias been caused by the arre.t of Major Von Tempsky, one of the heroes of tho Waikato campaign, who declined to serve under a junior officer, and whoso resignation tho Defence Minister would not accept. The removal of the Imperial forces has at length commenced. Two hundred men of the 06th Begt. embarked for England, on the 7th of October, in the ship Bob Roy. Four hundred of the men of this regiment will, it íb taid, obtain their discharges and remain in the colony. Mr. O. O. Davis, formotly Government inter- preter, haB been prosecuted for publishing -a Bcditiou8 Maori document. The Bishop of Waipau and Dr. Maunsell, lately Archdeacon of Waikato, gave evidenco as to the inflam- matory and disloyal character of the manifesto circulated by Davis ; while Bishop Selwyn expressed an opinion that it was harmless. The trial lasted four days, and the Crown was not successful in obtaining a conviction. WEECKS ON TUE AUCKLAND ISLANDS. About the end of September Captain Thomas Musgrove, late master of the schooner Grafton, arrived in Melbourne, and brought some thrilling intelligence relative to the wreck of thut and other vessels on the Auck- land Islands-a group of almost barren islandB in the South Pacific Ocean, lying south of New Zealand. The Grafton waa a small schooner, of fifty six tons, belonging to Sydney, and sailed from that port on a Bealing voyage in] No- vember, 1803, She came to an anchor in the Auckland group on the laet day of that year ; and on the 2nd of January, 1804, parted her chains and drove ashore in a heavy gale of wind. The master, mate, and three seamen succeeded in getting Bafely on shore, and afterwards in securing those articles which were likely to prove serviceable ; but as the ship bad only been provisioned for a two months' voyage, the supply was but scanty, whilst the island on which they wero cast was utterly barren. On this inhospitable spot these poor fellows passod twenty months, their only food being seals' flosb, and their drink water. Weary, at length, of straining their eyes for the relief which never came, they determined to equip a small dingy, saved from the wreck, some twelve feet long; and Captain Musgrove, his mate (Mr. Buynal), and a seaman named M'Lean, Btarted, with a fair wind, and after five days and nights' incessant battle with the winds nnd wavcB, made Port Adventure, in Stewart's Island, so utterly worn out as to be unable to stand. They wero fortunately seen and relieved by Captain Cicbb, of tbe Flying Scud, and taken to Invercargill. Captain Musgrove subse- quently came from thence to Melbourne, where ho arrived, as already mentioned, to- wards the close of last month. From his narrative, there appeared to be good reason for believiug that other wrecks have occurred on the Auckland Islands, and that some of the shipwiecked persons may still be living there. The Victorian Govern mest therefore determined to despatoh the colonial steam-sloop Victoria to the islands, to discover and rescue the survivors, if there be any. The Governments of New South Wales and Queensland have undertaken to defray a portion of the costof the expedition. The Vic- toria, under the command of Captain Norman, left Hobson's Bay on her mission of mercy, on the 4th inst. The instructions of the Govern- ment to Captain Norman wero to proceed vtithull possible despatch to the isles, and seaich for and relieve any person or persons who may be there in distress ; and, on the completion of his mission, to return direct to Melbourne, or, in the event of fuel running short, or the weather being adverse, to make for the most convenient port in New Zealand for a supply of coal, which, it is to be pre bumed, will be afforded free of charge. Captain Musgrove, of the Grafton, whoso local knowledge will be of great value, ac- companied the expedition. Should circum- stances allow, Captain Norman will call at Campbell's Ibland, and also at Bjunty lbland, which are situute-the one to the sonth and the other to tbe north-east of the Auckland group. The crew of the Victoria numbera fifty, and the ship is pro- visioned for three months. She also carries a bupply of stores, bedding, clothing, &c;, for any unfortunates who may be picked up. In order that people who may be shipwrecked on the Auckland Isles in the iutuie, may li a vu within r< ach a supply of animal to id, a number of pigs, labbits, and goat«, have been placed on board by tbu Acclimatisation So- ciety, to bf turned loose on the islands. The Auckland Munds consist of a group, in- cluding Auckluud Inland, which is thitty mil«6 lobg by fiftcau in extreme breadth, and M'verul Hiuuller islands- Adams, Enderby, Boee, Ocean, Ewing, Disappointment Island, &C; sepnrat-d from each other by narrow channels ; total area, about 100,000 acres. The Auckland Islands are of volcanic formation, and composed chiefly of basalt and green- stone, and havo a wild, picturesque appear- ance. They are so highly magnetic in many places, that the group may be compared to an enormous magnet. The highest land, Mount Eden, is only 1,325ft. above the sea level, and there being few precipices, th_ whole surface is covered with vegetation. They are admirably situated for a whuling station, from their proximity to the fisheries, as weil as to our colonies of Australia and New Zealand ; and possess the great natural advantages of commodious harbours, and a plentiful supply of cooa water and wood. The Government of Great Britain, to whom thoy belong by right of discovery, have granted the exclusivo possession of these islands to the Messrs. Enderby, by whom a | company has been formed for carrying on from thence the Bouth-sca whale-fishery. ( THE CUBACOA AT THE SOUTH SEA ISLANDS. Her Majesty's steam corvette Curacoa, Commodore Sir William Wiseman, arrived at Sydney on the 13th inst. from a cruise among the South Sea Islands. The following is an account of her proceedings: " We sailed from Sydney on the 4th of June last, and made a good passago to Norfolk Island. Arrived there on the 9th. The quon- dam Pitcairners received us with great hos- pitality. The commodore returned their civility, by permitting the band to be landed for their amusement, and by getting up a very fair ball two nights beforo onr doparture. The weather being very boisterous, we were de- tained here by the ship having suddenly to leave the roadstead and put to sou, many of the officers being on shore at the time. The ship having returned again on the 13th, wo proceeded to sea, and met with foul winds for some days. Sight- ing Sunday Island, wo at length arrived at Savage Island, from. whence, aftor a short stay, we sailed for Bungo Pango, a beautiful harbour in the Island of Tutuila, one of the Samoan Group, nero the natives poiformed their war-dance on board, to the great amuse- ment of all. Our next visit was to Apia, the capital of the Samoan Group, in tlio Island of Opolu, where we received great kindness from Mr. Williams, H.M. consul, and the European residents. After five dayB' stay we proceeded to Vavau, in the Friendly Islands, and re- mained there about two days. On the 17th July we arrived at Tonga-Tabu, the capital of the Friendly Group, where the great King George (for he is a giant in stature) paid his respects to the commodore, who received hirn with his yards manued, and other honours due to loyalty. On leoving tho ship, the king was saluted with twenty-one guns. Leaving the Friendly Islands, we made I for tho Fiji Group, the first island we touched at being O.valuu ; from thence we went to Mban, a small island ia the Fiji Group. Upon our arrival, KiDg Thak atubau, with the principal chiefs of the island, visited the ship. On one occa- sion ho was accompanied by the queon, who is a wonderful woman in bulk and sta tuie, a giantess in fact, calculated to take the first prize in any competitive exhibition of the relative proportions of the fair sex in any part of the world. Upon the king leaving the ship he was saluted with twenty-one guns. On the following day, when the com- modore returned his visit, Thakambau saluted him from his battery, consisting of four Bmnll guns, with which his liege subjects were occupied fully half a day. Katidaoa, also in the Fiji Group, vv"s next visited ; after which we made for Aneiteuin, an island in the New Hebrides Group, whero wo found H.M.S. Esk, with our English mail. We re- mained at Aneiteuin four days, and sailed from thenco to the island of Tanna, in the same group, accompanied by several mis- sionaries, in their schooner, tho Day Spring. The day previous to our departure, the'eom modore, in consequence of the cruel treat- ment which British subjects had suffered from its cannibal inhabitants, conceived it to be his duty to shell the villages in tho vicinity of tho Bhip, and to land a force of small-arms men and marines to destioy their villages, canoes, and plantations-a just retribution for the barbarities they had committed, and a warn- ing to them for the future. We had one sea- man wounded, who was shot through the abdomen ; he was taken on board, and died shortly after. The exact number killed and wounded among the Taunese wo were not able to ascertain, but wo bellevo it must ex- ceed twenty. The day after our doparture a party of nativea coming accidentally upon an unexploded sheU in the bush, were seized with a curiosity to see tbe contents of the brass percussion fuse ; they squatted themselves round the shell, and began to beat the fuse with a stone, when it suddenly exploded, kill- ing six of them and wounding others. The next morning we sailed for Erromango, and anchored in Dillon's Bay, when the commodore landed and visited the sandal- wood station of Mr. Henry, who ho fouud had only just returned from Sydney. He also saw Mrs. Henry, who informod him thot during ber husband's absence the natives bad besieged her castle, and had carried on a prolongod attack from the opposite side of the river, some thirty or forty yards in width, from whence they kept up a harassing fire on tho station huildinss. These islanders were, of course awaro of her husband's ab- sence, and she bravely kept her ground, with the few retainers she had at command, against the barbarian, anthropophagite hordes, until they raised the siege, and fled to their mountain homes. Vita Harbour, in Sand- wich Island, waa the next place we vißited. From thence we proceeded to Havannah Harbour, another port in the samo island. After a short stay, wo sailed for Vonun Leva, an island in Banks' Group. Here we fell in with BUhop Patteson, of the Melanesian mission, whom the commodore bad engaged to meet here in his schooner the Southern Cross, and who aftorwards kept in company with us until our doparture from the Solomon Group. We then proceeded to Contrarieties Island, hi the Solomon Group, passing through the Santa Cruz Group on our v»ay. From thence we went to UgiorGulf Island ; and after visiting Rechercha and Wano Baye, in tbo islauds of San Chiistoval ; Marau Sound, in Guodalcanar ; Mboli Bay, in Florida Island ; and St. George's Boy, Ysabel Mand, all of the Solomon Group, we finally bade adieu to Bishop Patteson, who left for Curtis Island, and took our departure for Erromanga, where wo arrived on the 25th September ; the purport of our second visit being to ascertain whether the natives were disposed to be more amicably inclined towards British residents in the island. In conse- quence of the ill-treutment to which British subjects bud of late been exposed at Dillon's Bny, the commodore was induced to inflict some little punishment on the uutiveB of Sim, a village on the coast a short distauca from Dillon's Bay, by throwing a few shot and shell into the place ; and instructing Mr. Gordon at the same time to inform tho natives that a man-of-war would visit the island next year, and inflict still further punishment upon them if they did not in the meantime amend their ways. We took our departuro for New Caledonia on the 26th, arriving on the 30th. On our arrival, we found the Governor, M. Guillain, had just roturned from an expedi- tion to the 'weBt coast of the island, to inflict summary punishment on tbe natives for the murder of several French subjects, whom they not only killed, -but devoured aftnrwardB. Wo remained a week at tho Port de France, wherj we received great hospitality from the Gover- nor and resident?, and finally took leave of our friendly allies, and then mado sail for Sydney." ? SPORTING. The principal event of the last month has been the Melbourne Hunt Club's afternoon of stecplechasing, in the presonce of His Ex- cellency the Governor and a large attendance of visitors. The Hunt Club Cup was won by Mr, Herbert Power's Freetrader, by King Alfred, ridden, by hie owner, beating a good field of hunters. Boating, cricket, bowls,. and various other sports, have begun to show in tho chief centres of amusement tho usual attractions. A regatta is projected for the Prince of Wales's birthday, now a favourite nppointmont for aquatic entertainments. The great business for next week will bo the Melbourne Spring Race Meeting. The principal races have numerous entries, and the promise of sport is abundant. Between thirty and forty horses have been nominated for the Queen's Plate, and twenty-eight havo accepted for tho Melbourne) Cup. About n dozen have entered for the Hurdle Race and the Steeplechase. The leading two-year- old race of the seutiun, the Ascot Vale Stakes, bus eight nominations, the produce of Fisherman, Pii-miir, The Hermit,Boiardo, and Obscurity. In the other races, at all distances, we have horseB engaged from New South Wales, Tas- mania, South Australia, and from the bor- déis. The recent improvements upon the Melbourne Courso will, of course, add to the attractions of the Bcene on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday of next week; and the great accommodation afforded by the Government Railway carrying passengers at a shilling and eighteenponce for return fare will necessarily induco a very large attendance on the course. It may be remarked that our racehorses aio altogether more forward in condition than usual at the opening meeting of our turf season, and the Flemington ground is in primo order. THE DOG SHOW. Last year an exhibition of dogs was held, under the auspices of the Council of the Acclimatisation Society of Victoria. Itproved highly successful ; and the fact that the expe- riment was happily repeated last week affords promisotbat annual dog shows will become an institution here. It needs no aTgment to show their value in a country like this, whore there is so much to invite the sportsman, as well as such a vnrioty of duties for doga to porform, both in flocks and herds and in the homestead ; and in our case it is, thoreforo, of considerable importance that tho distinc- tions, as well as the higher points of bread, should bo preserved. Hence our dog shows aro repleto with the meanB of instruction. The show this year was a very fine one. There were some 360 entries, or about thirty less than last year, but the priaa dogs ware mostly of a better kind. In sheep and cattlo dogsthis was, perhaps, not so observable, for the exhibits in those classo3 last year were firBt-rate. Weare, it íb plain, rapidly establish- ing a breed which will be unique, for experi- ence hue proved our requirement of a sheep-dog of the Scotch collie family, but built stronger, to enable him to encounter the dingo. The show of setters was excellent, bnt the chief prizes wero disposed of in the same way as last ¡year--to a group belonging to Mr. S. H. Bindon. Mr. A. K. Hall's bitch Gipsy also took a deserved first prize. The prize for Gordon setters wos not awarded, the judges believing* the only exhibit, Mr. L. Mackin- non. Dido, to be not sufficiently character- ised ; hut Mr. Mackinnon has Binco practi- cally impugned this decision, by publishing Dido's lineage, from which it would appear that she comes direct from- some of the best Gordon setter stock iu the world. The poin- ters wore a decided improvement on last year. 11 r. W. Edmends' Don was eBteemed the best singly ; but a first class prize was awarded to a group belonging to Mr. F. Hare, inspector of police, and composed of dogs it would be diflicult to surpass. In retrievers the supe- riority was even moro manifest. The prize dogB were imported by Mr. T. Loader. Among tho spaniels which wero of fair quality Lieutenant A. L. C. Smithett's (R.A.) Irish water-spaniel Tan, and Mr. E. Wilson's King Charles Rosey, were tho best, and indeed could boast of high breed- ing. The kangaroo dogs, smooth and rough, and greyhounds wero deservedly praised ou all aides. The foimcr ore doubt kes a comprehensive breed,. and necessarily so, because it is n compound by which it is endeavoured to gain the strength of the stag hound with the lightness of the greyhound. Under the circumstances, judges can do little more than demand certain points, and finding theee, estimate tho most suitable dogs for their work. But, viewed as animals possessing in common the higher qualities of their race, they were a Rioup of which tho colony might be proud. For Bomewhat similar reasons the gteyhoundß woio scarcely bred aB fine as tho English greyhounds ; but Dr. Miller's kangaroo hound (smooth), Mr. Dove's Smut (rough), and Mr. Bicbardson's greyhound Archer wero the first prize takers; but honourable mention wns made of no less than ten of the other greyhounds. Of the Italian grey- hounds the prize dogs of last year were dicidedly missed. A pair of foxhounds belonging to Mr. G. Watson, of hunting celebrity, and a pair of beogles belonging to Mr. P. King, proved our possession of as high a breed as we could desire. There were no bloodhounds deserving a prize. Of terrieis, black and tan, white smooth-haired, rough, fox, Skye, bull, and toy, there wore 102 entries, and Bcarcely any foil below what should be the mark in such a show. The rough terrier Jerry, belonging to Mr. G. Crisp, was the most noticeable of all, being truly a dog of irreproachable family descent and characteristics. The group of fox terriers, belonging to Mr. C. 0. Bencraft, and that of the white smooth-linired kind bslonging to Mr. B. Banner, of Sandridge, were perhaps the next best. In bull-terriers there was a falling off from laßt year, and the prize dog in 1S65 was not nearly'so creditably hideous as his predecessor. The English mastiffs wero splendid ; and the prize dogs of Mr. T. J. Sumner have been aptly described as " the lords of the show- grand dogs, with the port and majesty of young lions." The St. Ber- nards, too, were good specimens of tho breed now eo designated, and Mr. T. W. Palmer's prize dog wa3 generally ad- mired. This concludes the list of dogs about which our English readers will care to hear. It is not likely, after two successive shows of Buch great merit, that they will ceaeo in the future. In their establishment, the Council of tho Acclimatisation Society have done a good work-a very large share of which fell to the secretary, Mr. Georgo Sprigg, whose arrangements were almost per- fect in device. The dogs were all put in their right places, and only one (a terrier) has bien missing. Doubtless he was insecurely chained ; but all responsibility on that score wns necessarily laid, from the beginning, oa the owner. MUSIC AND THE DRAMA Theatrical matters have not been very lively during the month. Some sterling novelty is oppurently required to awaken public interest, and we have long been with- out any. At the Theatre Boyal the legiti- mate di ama is being played by the regular company, Mr. Barry Sullivan, the lessee, taking the leading parts. Mr. und Mrs. J. H. Greville, old favourites, who have been long absent from the colony, bave joined the corps dramatique here. The public were surprised by the sudden appearance of a Captain and MrB. Spencer Cooke, who played a week's en- gagement at tho Theatre Koyal, and have since left for England. Although, judged in a professional sense, both the lady and gentleman have much to loam, yet their Ireedom from conventionalities, ond their evident ability, promised to render them favourites had they prolonged their stay. At the Haymarket, the "veritable and original" Christy Minstrels are performing, and they have succeeded in doing a fair business. A noticeable event has been the re-appoar ance ol' Martin Simonseu, the violinist, and Madame Simonseu, the vocalist, whose unde- niable talents obtained a hearty recognition hero a short time hack. These artistes, assisted by local performers, have now given ti feries of concerts at St. George's-hall. Mr. Birch, whose entertainment, " The Holiday Trip," has been highly popular in Melbourne, having been repeated 150 nights, bus mude his farewell bow, and is aanounoed to be about having Australia. Mr. and Mrs. Guoigu Case, whoBO drawingroom entertain- ment appears to have delighted tho publio in the adjacent colonies, havo left for New Zea- land. The Lyster opera tronpo are now in South Australia, but are shortly to open at Ballarat. Apropos of music, mention muy ha made of the proposal now before the public to esta- blish an Australian Opera Association. The object of tbo promoters is, as appears from the prospectus, to take advantage of the progress made by the Australian publio in their know- ledge of and love for the lyric drama, and to ruiso £4,000, as an instalment of a total capital of £10,000, represented by 2,000 shares ol' £5 each, for the introduction of an opera corps. The estimate of receipts, avowedly based on the success of tho Lyster Company, is put down as £150 per night, or £0,000 for forty nights. ? MisB Cleveland has returned from Sydney. Lady Don haB been starring at Ballarat and at Geelong, and Mr. O'Neil at Sandhurst. Some curiosity is felt here as to the reception ' that great colonial favourite, Mr. Jefferson, I will leceive from a London uudionco. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.. aim hails. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S.S. Northam, Captain Skottowe, left Hobson's Bay, with the European and In- dian mails for September, at two o'clock on the afternoon of the 20th ult., and went down the bay with a fine north easterly breeze. The P. and O. Company's stoamer Bombay, with the August mails, with moro punctuality thun has for a long time bsen ex pirienced, und which wo should be glad to ncctpt as a iiathinger of better things, anchored in Hobson'e Bay at half-past six pia, on tbo evoning of the lltb instant. Tbo news that the company's now steamship Ellura is to bring the next mull is noted with eutibfaction. STATE OK TllADB. But a moderate «mount of business has been done in the mnrketis generally. Advices received have been favourable to au improve ment in trade; and, doubtless, in ordinary circumstances such must have naturally fol- lowed on the airival of tho mails, but unfor- tunately, as it has already beon sufficiently proved, other influences are at work, which for tho present no news, however satisfac- tory, can counteract. Tho Alexandra, with the South Australian portion of the mail, reached Glenelg at an early hour on the morn- ing of tho 11th-not early enough, how- ever, to enable us to publish in The Argus moie than a portion of our correspondent's summary of the news. The remainder was published in a second edition, soon after tho fust was ie6iied. The mail steamer reached Hobson's Bay on the evening of the 11th, and the letters wero delivered on the morning of the 12th. Our dates from Eugland by post reach to 20th August, and by telegraph to 17th September. The declared value of ship- ments to Victoria for tho month July August, amount to £307,010, and, as compared with tbo month previous, show a decrease of £102,101. Advices regarding wool created a satisfactory impression. In the period intervening between tho receipt of tele- graphic information and tho delivery of the lettirs consideiable excitement waa apparent in tho maikct. Under the misapprehension of short shipments of cornsacks au active de- mand sprung up, during which upwards of 200 bales changed hands at priceB rising from 14s. to 14s. 9d. Malt likewise, owing to a Bimilar misunderstanding, rose to 10s. 3d. and 10s. Gd., which waB offered and refused. On re- ceipt of fuller advices a reaction followed in both cases. Bread s tuffs, now that supplies have ceased comiug from Chili, havo drawn speculative attention, and stockB being known to be short of requirements to tho end of the year, prices have commenced to advance. The direct arrivals from Chili havo beon tho T. E. Boyd and Inverugic; fía Sydney the following dropped in-the Woodbine, King Oscar, Albert, Frankby, Knowsley ; and vid Auck- land, the Summer Cloud. Transactions in sugar compiise the disposal of 24,000 bags. Teas have changed handB laTgely, in- fluenced by an unwarrantable reduction by the Government of tho rate of duty hitherto legally collected, and which the dealers have not been Elow to profit by. Advices from Foo-Chow to 22nd August reported the dopar- ture, for Melbourne, of the Eliza Blanche and Sea Nymph, with 400,0001b. tea; the Oatha and Kalhamba, with 680,0001b., for Sydney ; and the Lady Hilton (since arrived), aud the Tailee, with 398,0001b. for Adelaide; five vessels being named as loading for Australian portB. Our dates from Cal- cutta, to 18th September, mention the departure of the Giando Conde and Anna Duthie, with 1,000 tons ricu, which has had the effect of materially quieting this market. From New York, to 13th August, wo aro ad- vised of the departure of only one vessel for the month-tho Catherine Jane (which reached this on the 23rd inst.), with not more than 800 cases oil, and no tobacco ; under the influence of which tobacco has improved ; but un attempt made to establish an advance in oil did not succeed. The vassels loading were the Cordova, with 3,100 cuses oil, und the Southern Eagle, with 4,000 cn=!es oil, for Melbourne ; the Herman, with 2,500 ca«os for Sj dncy. The Windward, at Boston, was laid on for Melbourne. A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. Carrie and Smith was held on Thursday. The state- ment submitted exhibited liabilities of the Melbourne furn amounting to £0,519; and assets estimated as follow:-Stock, £1,800; bills for collection, £3,107 ; and good debts, £2,217-equal to £7,124 ; showing u surplus of £005, exclusive of £2,400 owing by the New Zealand finn, the liabilities ot which were stated to be £13,324, with ossets estimated at £11,239, which thus shows a deficiency of about £2,100. The result was on assignment of tbo tbtnte to Messrs. Henty, Thompson, and Neil), for the benefit of all concerned. EXCHANGES. Exchange.-The selling rate at most of tho banks is quoted nt par for drafts at sixty doys' sight, and such bills as aro offering ara puicbnsed at one per cent, discount at sixty days' sight. Money.-The rates of discount and of in- terest cn deposits remain without ulteratlou, the former being eight, niue, and ten parcout. for p.iper at two, three, and four months, aud the latter thiee, four and a half, and six per cent, for nmounta fixed for one, three, and six months respectively. Thero are, how- ever, exceptions made with somo of tbo banks in both cases in favour of the public. I stations. I Little or no rain having yet fallen in the interior, tho most gloomy apprehensions con- tinue to be indulged in regarding the safety of squatting properties ; nor do tho accounts received from time to timo from the interior help to inspire confidence. A correspondent of a contemporary writes thus from the Upper Darling:-"The drought is most serious; tho talk consists of nothing but what is to become of the stock, and how it is possible to keep sheep and cattle alive if an early chango does not set in. On the Bogan, affairs look omi- nous, and there are rumours of hoavy losses boving already occurred. To the north, on the Culgoa and Warrego, they had good feed lu the autumn, and there were hopes of afine season ; but these havo since beon dispelled, and 1 hear that some stations n.vay from the frontageB aro in course of being abandoned. In tiavelling, the only chance for a man is to keep well to the rivers. Unless he docs this, he ia sure to bo in danger from some well-known watering place, on which he reckoned to camp, being found on arrival to bo dried up. It is hard timcB for us this season, and no mistake ; but, perhaps, the old adage, 'Outof evil comethgood,1 may occur in one instance, and less dependence be henceforth placed on natural water supply. Artificial meaiiB must be takon to provide abundance of water, so as to make us more independent of the uncertain seasons. Capi- tal, however, is wanted for this ; and, when borrowed, a swingeing interest has to bo paid. Would it not hu wise for the Government to lend üb the money; they would hove good sccuiity in the increased value of thu rum? In your leuding columns you havu frequently urged the advantages ot boring, damming, &c;, and with your remarks I coincide, and place the borrowing susgestion at your dis \- posai. In England, the Government advances large sums for the drainage of estates. If that is sound political economy, why should not our exchequer provide tho cash for nn equally certain investment, and equully per- manent anti beueficiul in its results?" From Adelaide we leam that ou Sept. 30th, the CommiBBionors appointed to report on the condition of tlio ruus iu tho far north bad retnrned. They gave a deplorable ac- count of the country. Scarcely a station which they visited but was utterly ruined, and some of the Bettlers hud lost ali their sheep; A correspondent of a Murrumbidgee con- temporary saya:-"The country is looking desperate for v> ant of gras?, and it is hard to say what will become of half the sheep In Riverina if this weather continues much longer." It is ieaied that the clip3 in tho Riv«rine districts will be light, inconsequence of the excessive dryncss of the seoBon. We are glad, however, to leam that the season in Queensland has been more propitious to tho lambing than it has beon in Riverina and the northern portions of South Australia. A correspondent writing from Burton Downs, in the middle of September, describes tho lambing ns having been magnificent every wbcte iu the noitb, and tho sheep as doing remarkably well. . The only transaction renortod during the mouth is the sale of the Cocketgedong Sta- tion, in the Murrumbidgee District, New Kouth Wale.», with 12,727 sheep and 400 head of cattle, bought by Messrs. Brook and Haldio, at the rato of 28s. for sheop and £4 for cattle. TUB WOOL SALES. Tho opening sales wero held this week, but these being only preliminary, little beyond bringing the purchasers together and ascer- taining their views of values was effected. Messrs. GoldsbrouRh and Co. offarod 1,870 balep, of which 294 bales woro diaposed of, and Messrs. Coningham and Macreafo cata- logued 1,018 bales, of which .420 bales were placed, at the following range of prices : Greasy brought 7d. to 12^d. ; scoured. 14d.*to 21.ii. One lot of washed, wool realised lOJ-d From what bus transpired, however, it ia fully anticipated that rates proportionately equal to thoso realised in London will bo ob- tained thioughout the season. TUB TA1UFF. At a meeting of the Cab! net Council, it was resolved that the Custom' duties should bo collected nt once in accordance with the new tariff, notwithstanding the deciBioa of the Supremo Court. Though little excitemont was created in commeicial circles by thu íesolution referred to. the action has bi'un vary freely commented on, owing to the falso position in which mer- chants aro thereby placed. Neitwithstanding the unceitainty which previously existed, tliey were onnblt'd to protect themselves from loss by making tho consumer pay; but, as mutters stand now, an unsatisfactory feeling of insecurity prevails, inasmuch a?, whiio telling their gooels with the low duty adiiod only, they may yot bo called uuon to pay that which it is well-known can bo legally exacted, and if by this movement it was intended to fBtoblii-h confidence and improve trado, the action thus far has signally failed. To avoid risk, tho merchants have adopted tho plan of paying duties in other names. APPBA- TO TUE r-BIVY OOUNOIL, The Government have obtained leave to appeal from the decision of the Sapremo Court in tho cases brought by Messrs L. Ste- venson and Sons and other mercantile firm<, for the recovory of Customs' duties which have been collected without the sanction 01 law. Mr. Justice Barry's order, granting leave, is in these terms:-"I do, under the special circumstances of the case, and by virtue of the Act 16th Victoria, No. 10, sec. 19, order that the respondent havo leavo to appeal from the judgment pronounced hy this honourable Coutt in this ac- tion on the I4th day of September last, upon giving security for the coats of the appeal to the satisfaction of the pro thonotary of this honourable Court; and it is further ordered that this appeal is in no de- gree to prejudice the obtoining satisfaction on the judgment on the issues of fact, if found for tho petitioners." PUKTHEB ACTIONS. Since the 14th inst, when judgment was pronounced by the Supreme Court lu the Customs' duties cases, some seven or eight notions have been brought by importing firme, to recover from the Government moneys which they have been compelled to pay as duties under a tariff sanctioned only by tho mere resolution of the Legislative Assembly. The amounts claimed range from £400 to £2,500, and tho aggregate is about £7,000. I SOUTH AUSTRALIAN TAIIIFI'. I In tho Adelaide tariff the following altera- tions weie proposed to be mado by tho Trea- surer:-Spirits reduced to 3s. per gallon; sugar to Is. per cwt. ; tea, Id. per lb. ; tobacco. Gd. The following items have been added to the free list, viz. :-Salt, iron, lead, timber, Government stores, agricultural ware, mato- ' rial for making bags and packs, cement, I empty packages, fresh ûbIi and meat, hay, machinery, mill-stonoe, sheathing metal, manufactured steel, tin plates, all kinds of timber, all raw materials not enumerated. On spirits manufactured ia the colony a duty of Sa. 9d. por gallon .Is imposed. Sheepwash tobacco is not mentioned. All other articles are the eamc as in the old tariff. Ad valorem duties remain undisturbed. THE RIVER MUBRAY. The following etatemont of facts relative to the clearing of tho Murray appears in a report which has just been printed by order of the Legislative Assembly:-"Between the 1st Januuiy and the 30th Juno, 1805,1,350 snogs, averaging in length 43ft. Oin., and in girth Oft. Oin., havo bien removed from tho bed of the river, and forty largo trees thrown back on the bauks, above Echuca, at a cost of £2,938 15s., equivalent to £2 2s. 3}d. per treo. The woik below Echuca for the same period 760 snags drawn out, and thirty trees thrown hack-wns executed at a cost of £1,042 13s. Id , which gives a bum of £1 3s. 2d. for each tree or snag so removed. It must, howevor, bo further stated that, in addition to the above, a large amount of drift wood and binnll timber has been removed, of which no record has been kept, oxcept by one party, and in their case it amounted to nearly 0,000 cubic feet of timber. Some of the timber lifted was of a truly gigantic Bize, and the captain of one of tho river steamers, when sneaking of one particular tree, mentioned that, even if supplied hy the Government with tbu necessary tackling, he would havo hesi- tated to undertake its removal for tho sam of £20." ECHUCA ON THE MUBRAY. ] Somo notes of improvements effected and others contemplated at Eohuca are supplied by the Riverine Herald, which says:-"Mr. Guthrie, inspector-general of customs, and Captain Feiguson, chief harbour-mastor of Victoria, visited Echuca on Friday. We learn that tho object of the former was to inquire into cerlain complaints made by shipmasters and Cubtom-houso agents with regard to the Cubtoms' arrangements hore. We are in- formed that Mr. Guthrie expressed his in- tention of removing all unnecessary re6tric tU np, and of doing everything in his power to facilitate trading operations on tho liver. We hear that he also stated his intention of reporting to the Government the desirable ntss of taking steps to forward, by every pot siblo means, the inteicsts of Echuca. Oapt. Ferguson inspected the vessels lying in the port, and was understood to express his entire satisfaction at their condition. Both gentle- men, we are told, wero greatly struck with tbe advancement mado in the place, and expressed thoir conviction that Echuca must ultimately become a largo and thriving com- mercial town. Tho Bite applied for to the Government by Messrs. Clothier and Com- pany, for the construction of the patent slip, was visited by these gentlemen, and we bo lieve they expressed a decided opinion thnt their application should bo granted by the Government. It Been«, however, that the harbour-master considered that floating docks would be preferable to a slip. In connexion with this matter, we moy state that Mr. Sbackell has determined on stori-g bonded goodß free of storage charges." corran ore discovebies. " We are informed by Messrs. Shackell and Co.," boss the Riverine Herald, " that tho river steamers are likely very shortly to be engaged in the trnnsport of copper ore, mines of which are being opened at Turaberumb», in New South Wales. The oro will be despatched from Albury to Echuca, en route for Melbourne. They stato that Mr. Littlewood arrived in Echuca on Saturday last, per Lady Daly, on his woy to Melbourne, he having juBt returned from a tour of inspection to the copper minos which bave bien recently opened up noar Tunibernmba, New South Wales, and of which Mr. Littlewood íb ono of tho proprietors. That g< ntleman had in his possession somo very rich Bpecimens, which are iutended for assay. We aro informed that the lode is very rich in cupper, and olso, it is bolioved, in silver. It is proposed to forword tho oro to Melbourne by the river boatB to Echuca, and from thence to Melbourne by rail." " A quantity of copper oro, from tho Barrier Ronges," reports the Riverine Herald, " has been received in Echuca by tho Kilpio atcamor. The specimous, all of which oro surface stones, a quantity of which yielded sixty -five per cent, on assny at Burra Burra, can be teen at the shop of Mr. Beese, jeweller, High street. Tho lessee of the lodo from which thoy were taken will shortly visit Vic- toria, for the purpose of forming a company to work it." COLONIAL INVENTIONS. The trial start of Mr. Enoch Chambers's Btonebreaking machinery, at Richmond, was celebrated on the 20th ult. by a luncheon given on the ground to about thirty gentlemen, who bud accepted the invitation of tho proprietor. The works consist of four machines, on the improved principle patented by Mr. Cham- bers three years ago, and UBed on tho line at MalmBbury, and on other portions of the Victorian Railways, with great success, Bines September, 18G2. Mr. Chambers has obtained a lease of two acres of land by tho Bide of the Hawthorn Railway line, within a few minutes' walk of the Church-street Railway Station, which promises an almost inexhaustible supply of stone ; and it is here that tho opé- rations of the new establishment are to be carried on. An arrangement has benn made with the railway company by whioh stone will be conveyed to all parta of the suburban lines direct from the works ; and, to facilitate its conveyance, a Biding baa beon con- structed for trucks, into whioh the Btono is thrown by tho machines as fast as it íb crushed to the proper gauge. It is proposed to supply the railway hues with bnllust, and also ships in tho bay, or any of tho public roads in cases where contracts may bo taken. The machinery, which has been erected at a cost of £0,000, and is driven by a thirty-horse power engine, is capable of crushing 240 yards of metal a day ; and wo understand thnt the stone can be supplied at a cost but little in excess of that of cartage alone when the metal is brought by dray from the quarries lu the suburban districts. All the ironwork, with the exception of the engine, which was im- ported, was manufactured in the foundry of the proprietor. At the lunch, Mr. D. S. Campbell presided, supported by Bâvoral inotn bers of Parliament and gentlemen interested in undertakings of thlB kind ; and the toasts usual upon such occasions wero duly hon- oured. Our attention has boon directed to a patent compound stamp battery, the invention of Mr A. Hope, of Messrs Chambers' foundry, Prahran. It r.ppoars to be a great improv. ment on any of the quartz crushing ma- chines at present in uso. Mr Hope's inven- tion consiBts of two or more rowd of stamps, placed in one box, nnd mado to work froely together. The woiking model which wo have inspected has ninu stamp-heads. The back row of stomps (or pieparatory crush ci b) aro heavier, and aro driveu at a slower roto of speed, than the liont row (or crushers proper). Tho latter have a greater crushing surface, which facilitates tne dis- charge, and rotate in an opposite direction to tho hack row. When working, the stamps have ono inch clearance. Tho advantage-, ot a battery constructed on Mr Hopu'ti prin- ciple is of considerable importance to com- panies engaged in quartz mining. Thestami« «ill be brought to bear diiectly upon tbo quartz. A greater amount of crushing surface is obtained bj the combined action of the front and bick rows The cost of founda- tions, ¿Le, will bo reduced bj at least one half and It will take less powor to drive a millón thiB principle than those in ordinary use The savings on gratings, also will be considerable, the quartz being dealt with by the back row of stamp», previous to being subjected to tho action of the front row, con- sequently the gratings are liable to no damage from the larger pieces of stono The total coat of a nine stamp battery, with 10 inch BtompB on this principle, is stated to bo not more than £340, and it is computed to be capable of crushing 200 tons per wosk BOAUD OFI-IEMIUMS JOB NEW IÄDUSTOIE3. Tho Gazette of Oth October makes the fol- lowing announcement -'The Governor in Council having appoiuted the lion J. Q_ 1 ranciB, MP, Commissioner of trade and CuBtome the Lion R S Anderson S H. Bindon, Esq. MP, James Harrison Esq. Vi iUiam Lyall, Esq, J G Reeves E_q, J O. Riddell, Esq, MP J Sherwin, Lsq, MP, and J J Stutzer, Lsq , to be a board to con- sider claims for rewards and premiums for ne w manufactures and industries, in accordance with the regulations submitted to Parliament on the 12th July last ali persons who may deem themselves entitled to rewards or pre- miums under tho regulations referred to aro requested to forward their claims to Mr. Edward Black, secretary to the board, Cus- tom hou«e Melbourne on or before the 15th November next, after which date none will ba received COLD TROU NtW ZEALAHn Tho A elson Colonist ot the 3rd insfc. gives the following statement of the quantity of gold exported thtnee since the commencement of the year - January 2DC2or value, £1048710* rebmary i 310oz , £10 701 5s , March 0700oz £25 962 10s , April l-839oa, £67 400 2s Od , May, ¿0 29Go¿, £78,047, Juno, 15.5510Z £CO,2O0 2s Oil , July, 1035Soz.. £03 .87 6s , August 19039oz £70,200 2s 6d., September 22 640o¿ £87377 7s 61 October, 29 068 iz, £112,038103 , total, 162 27-Cz, value £589161 lOi In addition to this in order to show the steady growth of the yield of gold, it should be stated that, in August, . GOOoz. wero taken direct fiom Hokilika to Mel- bourne and that, but for the detention of the Nelson at the Grey River, 8O0Ooz, with winch sbo was freighted, would have in- creased the exportation by tho October stinmer to fully 37,000o._, and raised tho value of our latest shipment to £113 G38, a very satisfactory account of a months col- lections 1 biB would make tho total e .port up to tho 1st October of the curreut year 103,772oz, of the value of £6_¡3 714 »AILWA- TRAFFIC The following is a statement of the traffic returns of the Victon in Government linos of railway, and of the Holbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Gonipauy dimes for the month of September - I £ > G wen mont lines 10,701 ID 2 Mell oin no miel liol bo is linyl \j nlted I 0 705 £ ed 20,33010 -I 2 271 .11 Total £ 8 d. .003215 C 8 070 7 7 1 he total number of passengers convoyed during tho month on the Government lines of lailwoy was GG905 and on the Melbourne and Hobson s Ba> United Railway, for tho same period, 100,008 B ULWA-S IV ADEt.IDE Threo tenders havo been received for the leasing of the railway», but it is believed none of them will bo accepted llie Govern- ment propose oflcriug the railways for sale bj tender, the minimum to bo fixed at £450000 RAILWAYS IN QUEESSMND lhe Queensland Government have com- menced the survey of a line of railway from Brisbane to Ipswich 'Iho first sod of the Rockhampton Railway has boon turned by tho Governor OVB. COniU-SIONDEàCE Tho following return shows the number of letters packets, and new-papers received at anei despatched from Vtctoi ia per Peninsular and Oiiuntal R M steamships during tho month of September - ll.colvciliier Madras Denpntd L 1 j or Iv ortlmm -otnl Novvs I otters ¡rackets pipors. 47,in H08 12',789 _U,b_7 ¿50 65,201 03 OSS I 1 S54 I 1S8.0-0 riillLlO COMl AMES In Adelaido tho prospectus has been pub- lished of a General 1 munee and Credit and .A Heney Compony capital one million, in 200 000 shares of £5 each The promoters ara men of wealth and influence live Adelaido gentlemen now resident ia London, havo oiler d to purchase the Burra copper mines for £150 000 They propose to raise more capital bj issuing fredh shares. At the half yearly general meeting, tho plan pioposed by the directors was agreed to, namely, to dissolve the association and form ii new corni any, with a capital of £300 000, in fchures of ¿6 euch A company for tho manufacturo of stéarine candles has been formed, with a capital of £18000 divided into sixty shares uf JE30O each, the whole of whioh have already been taken up The promoters Messrs Kruge, Prangst and Co, have in order to insure tbe perfect success of this undertaking judiciously confined the dlsfiibution of shares to firms onb whose interest it will bein thecourbuof ti ctr own bueincBs to give u piefereuco to the company B nianufuctuic ovui that which is înij oifcd A company is about to bo formed in Bel fnst says the Gazelle bavitig for its object the establishment of a dtstilloij. A very ad- mirable property, well adapted m ovory way ft» tho purpose, wo understand can be oo- tann d on advantageous teruiR Wo allude to the Rosebrook Mill Several distilleries are in operation in vauouB ports of the colony, and aio highly remunerative concerns If distilleries pay in othor parts of the colony, they should be \ery prolitab'o m this dia tuet where grain is bo abundant and cheap. I lo tho farmers of the district tho project is one of great significance, and is deserving of their support, for if brouqht to a successful ibeue a local markot will always, bo at hand 'I ho directors of the Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company,' the Gciloito Re* guter reniurks, ' have determined to com- mence ope r »tions immediately and to that end thoy decided at o meeting hehl by them yesterday afternoon to authorise a sub- committee to procuro the necessuiy ma- chiner) and also instructed Mr Pitman, who liad prepured a pltn of the build- ings required, to advertise for tondors for thu erection of thu Bamo This looks some- thing liko work, and there is no doubt but tlint the couiDuny, once fuuly started, will I rove a eucces-s " A deputation fiom the Deep Sea riBhory Company cern^i-ting of Mr Btirtt ULA.; \iLL Smith M b A Mr ltoboit Byrno, Mr J G Newman Mr J II Husband Mr J. C Robertson Mi W U Crooke and Mr H. È Michel (the secretory), hud an Interview with the Commissioner of Prado and CuBtoms yesterelaj Ï heir ol |< ct whs to ascertain what assistance the Government wore pro pond to ronder tlio company, with a view of testing the capabilities for thoeftahliahmont of deep sea fisherloB off tho Victorian coast Mr 1 rancis atated bo was prewired to placo the schooner limplro or the T ilcon at tho service of the compon}, and he would further asEi-,t the company to tho extent of the £500 already voted and if posbiblo, assist them with Etorca and with appliances necessary to bavo the work done in a thorough aud effi- cient manner Acompanj is now being forraod with tho view to establish stoam communication be tween the caste ra ports ot Australia and Ba tnvio im Capo Yorke Timor, Coopang, and Sourabayn The prejectora arti Messrs Van Hoboken and Sous of Rotterdam, and MoBsra Reynt-t ond Viuju, of Batavia Iho servico c ntemplnted is monthly each wav, by means of threo iron paddle wheel steamers, ouch hav- ing conymg capacity to the extent of 700 or 800 tons accommodation for passengers tb the number of 100 or 150 (one third boing drat chiss) and being w irked by engines of 400 bono power nomlnallj' lho passngo from Batavia to bydney it ia aBsertod, can bo ac compllshed .allowing stoppages at three, if not four, places) iii twenty two days. Tho promote rs seek to obtain a subsidy, ranging fiom £8400 to £15000 per annum, for ten yeors, fiom the Governments of Batavia, New ¡south Wales, and Queensland Tho shareholders of the Victoria and Riverina Puetorul Association held their half \tarl) ineeiting, on thu 13th lust, at the office of tie association in Melbourne lhe report which was presented was favourable 'Iho first annual meeting of tha City and Suburban Buildii g and Investment Society was held on the 2nd Octob r at the ofhees. l8 Ce Hins stree-t east, Mr F limit in tho chair, 'lhe directors'report stuted that l.OOOJ-shares bud been issued of willoh ninety had b en forfeited, leaving 1,510} in the society The entrance feen alone had sufficed to pay all preliminary expentis, and also tho greater portion of the current expenses for the p_3t twelve mouths. Tli« first annual meeting of tho Industrial Building nnd Investment Society was held on the 9th inst., at the Belvidere Hotel, Brunswick-street ; Mr. J. Falconer presiding. The committee reported that daring, the yoar ninety-four shares bud been satisfied, at an average premium of £7 12s. 5d. per share ; on fiity-two shares entrance-fees only had been paid, forty Bhares had boen forfeited, and 1,0562- shute« remained to be satisfied. A net profit of £764 8s. 5d. had been realised. The balance-sheet Bubmitted at tho annual meeting of the shareholders of the Australian Alliance Assurance Company, held on the 10th inst, showed that the premium receipts during the past year had been £25,609 8i. 10d., and the losses £13,811 Is. 3d., of which £12,218 Is. 3d. occuired in the fire branch of tbo busi- ness. The losses on fire insuianoes were con- sidered by the directors to be excessive, but were accounted for by the occurrence of an unusually large number of fires last year, both in thiB and the neighbouring colonies. Ii was announced that the first triennial investiga- tion of the amount of realised prouts will take place before the next annual meeting is held ; and in the meanwhile the directorsde clared a dividend at the rate of ten par cent. per annum, leaving the total reserve fund at £16,837 63. THE BANKS. The following abstract, showing the average weekly amount of the liabilities and assets of the Bank of Victoria for tho quarter ending 30th Stptember, appears In the Gazette of Ootober 20 ¡-Notes in circulation, £288,645; bills in circulation not bearing interest, £13,112; balancesdue tootherbanbs,£01,457 ; depositsnotbearing interest, £090,273 ; deposits bearing interest, £099,288. Total of liabili- ties, £2,052,777. The assets were ¡-Coin, £199,870; bullion, £119,097; Government se- curities, £40,000; landed property, £127,98-1; notes and bills of othor banka, £23,833; balances due from other banks, £83,100; debts due to the bank, £2,095,511. Total assets, £2,090,003. The abstract of the liabilities and assets of the London (Chartered Bank of Australia for the quarter ending 30th September is as follows ¡-Notes in circulation not beating interest, £87,680 ; bills not bearing interest, £3,493; balance due to other banks, nil; de- posits not bearing interest, £170,404 ; deposits bearing interest, £312,247. Total liabilities, £574,025. The assets wore ¡-Coin, £153,090; bullion, £20,360; landed property, £04,129; notes and bills of other btnks, £11,032; balanceB due from otbei banks, £2,309; debts due to the bank, £1,298,050. Total assets, £1,550,772. The following is tho eighteenth report of the directors of the Colonial Bank of Austral- asia, which was presented to the proprie- tors at the half-yeaily meeting held yester- day: "Tho directors have much pleasure in submitting to tho proprietors tho accompanying statement ot tho affairs of tho bank as on 30th September last. Tho net profits, after making tho usual deduction* for in- terest duo depositors, Ace, robalo on bills not yet duo, tho expenses of management, repairs to promises, and allowance for bad and doubtful debts, &c;, amount to (Including tho balance of £697 17s. fid. from lost half year), £60,010 3?. Gd., which the directors proposo to apportion as follows, viz :-Dividend at tho rato of ten per cont. por annum, __21,b75 ; reservo fund (to £50,000), £27,000 ; balance carried to profit and loss, new account, £1,111 3s Od. ; total, £60,016 3s. 6d. " During the past half-year a branch has boon opened nt Taradale, and arrangements mado for opon injr an agency In London. Mr. A. II. Knight, having left tho colony, has resigned his seat at tho board, and Hr. James M'B-in is the only candidato for tho vacancy. 1 ho directors congratul&to; the shareholders on having placed the rn.il »ny securities upon a satis- factory footing." BaLA.NCK SIIKBT FOit THE HALF-YEAR E_DIXO S_tT. 30, 1806. Dr. Io capital .£137,600 0 0 To deposits . SSO,450 10 0 To note« in circulation .. .. 100,377 0 0 To bills in circulation. 2,485 10 11 To balanco< duo to other banks .. 20,017 11 0 To rosorvo fund . 23,000 0 0 To profit «ml loss-net balance .. 50,010 3 8 £1,-10,817 2 11 Cr. - By coln and bullion .£198,638 0 10 By Government sccurlt ies ., .. 1,0JO 0 0 By notes and bills of other banks .. 13,737 12 2 By bills rcceiiabloand overadvances 1,252,400 3 7 By balances duo from other banks ,. 7,000 0 8 By bank premises . 43,01010 S £1,S10,S47 211 Dr. profit akd loss, To current expenses, including salaries, rents, repairs, stationery,&c.;£15,631 0 3 To rebato on bills current and interest duo to depositors .11,055 12 4 To reserve fund.27,000 0 0 To dividend at 10 per cent, por annum.. 21,875 0 0 To balance carried to profit and loss, now account. 1,141 3 0 £77,500 6 1 Cr. - By gross profit for tho half-year, after providing for bad and doubtful debts £70,008 7 8 By amount brought forward from last liolf-year. 507 17 6 £77,506 5 1 Dr. reserve roso. Tobalunco.£50,000 0 0 Cr. By bataneo at Slst March last ., ..£23,000 0 0 By transfer from profit and loss .. 27,000 0 0 £50,000 0 0 Tho following is the seventh halfyoarly report and balance-sheet of the National Bank of Australasia, which will be submitted to the half-yeaily meeting on the 7th of November : BA-J-SCK-SIIKKT FOR TUE IU-F-ÏF.AR ESniXO SEW. 80, 1S05. Dr. To capital paid up . £500,000 0 0 To notos lu circulation ., ,. 255,403 0 0 To bills in circulation. 330,30117 10 To deposits . 1,000,800 4 2 To balances duo to other banks .. 85,318 17 0 To roservo fund. 110,000 0 0 To London Insurance account .. 1,101 3 0 To profit and lois account .. .. 37,120 5 2 £2,410,392 8 8 Cr. ' By spec!o on hand . £207,302 8 S By bullion . .11,053 5 3 By Government debonturcs ,, .. 4,(100 0 0 By bill» remitted and bullion in transltu . 2SS.870 8 5 By balances duo hy other hanks .. 28.0S7 11 5 By notes of other banks .. .. 7,027 11 6 By bills receivable and all other ad- vances . 1,723,0981711 By bank premises, furnituro, and stationery. 50,257 6 0 £2,-19,302 I Dr. rnoFiT A*n toss account. To expends at head olllco and thirty ono branches and agencies ., .. £23,521 0 5 To balance. 37,120 5 2 £00,050 11 7 Cr. By balanco brought forward from pre- vious halt yoar. £440 19 0 By uroBs pridlts slnco last statement (after providing for had and doubtful debts and lobato on bills) .. .. 00,200 15 £30,050 14 7 Dr. RESERVE rus». To balanco.£110,000 0 0 £110,000 0 0 Cr. - By balance m per last statement .. £00,000 0 0 By premium on 25,000 shares allotted 50,000 0 0 £110,000 0 0 .« We horchy cortify that wo havo examined tho accounts of the National Bank o[ Australasia forillo half-year elided 30th September, 1806, that ne havo counted the cask and examined tho bills and other securities held by the bank, and that tho above balance-sheet Is correct." RETORT. " Melbourne, October 23,1805. "Tho directors havo now tho pleasure to submit to you their seventh h_lf->early report, and a statement of accounts as on tho SOth Sopltuibor last. Tho net profits from tho ordinary BBurcesof business, after makin« al- lowance for bad and doubtful dobts and robalo on bills, -mount to .. £36,838 5 S Balance from last statouiont ,, .. 440 10 0 Total.£37,120 5 2 "Tbo directors recommend tho appropriation of tilla sum as follows : To dividend at the rato of ten per cent. per annum .£25,000 0 0 To bank premises and furniture account 7,000 0 0 To balance carried forward to next half year .5,120 5 2 " During tbo past lialf-year the directors considered it necessary to Increase the capital of tho company, and accordingly ottered for salo 35,000 Bhares, at a premium or _2 per share, In tbo manner following : 15.000 on tho Victorian and South Australian regis- ters ; 10,000 on tho London register, tor purchasers In tho colonies; 10,000 on tho Loudon register, for spécial issue In Loudon. " Tho shareholders will bo plcasod to loam that tho shares appropriated for tho colonies wero at onco taken up. Tho premium realised therefrom amounts to £00,000, and has been placed to reservo fund. From tbo ad« leos received by last mall from London, the directors entertain no doubt of an equally suc- cessful issuo there. Tho reservo fund will from this source be increased to £130,0 0. " To meet Kio requirements ot tho numerous share- holders and constituent» of tho bank resident in tho suburbs of Melbourne, tho directors resolved upon opening branches at tho following places, and arrange- ments lia.o accordingly been mado and business com- menced. Suburban Branche!»-Collingwood, Emorald hltl, Prahran, and Richmond. Branches havo also been opened at Nuriootpa and Penola, In South Aus- tralia. " The directors regret that Mr. Cunningham has signified his wish to retire from the management of the bank, and a proposition will bo mode to the share- holders consequent upon this Intimation. IIo will continue to conduct tlio buslnes» of the bjnk until the appointment of his tuccessor." SIOOK AMD SHAKE MA-IKET, The brokers of the Stock Exchange of Melbourne report of the stock and ahare market since departure of the last mall as follows :- ? " Although the present month has boon vory tar behindhand as regards tlio condition of activity which characterised this market at the correspondit!!,' period last year, avery fair amount of business has been tiantnetcd. Tho heavy calls on new mines, which havo been draining away capital, aro easier, and loss pressure Is folt. The elasticity of tho market Is quickly displayed upon the dissemination of a reliably favour- able report from any mino in any district. The les- sened demand for mining stocks has diverted atten- tion to bank, gas, and insurance shares, for most of which full prices are readily paid. The principal divi- dends declared during lhe month comprise-Australian -Vllianco Assurance, ten per cent, on capital; Colonial Bank of Australasia, at rate ot ten percent, peraimura ; Age of Progress, £1 and £1 per -SOth; Ballarat Ex- tension, Us. per 1,000th ; British, Happy Valley, £1 pur 1,000th ; Bl i taunta, Carngham, 2s. (id. per share ; liuninjong, 10s. and 8s. per 4,000th; Crlnollno Pro- specting, les. and 10s. per 1,301th ; Comet, Bendigo, Od. por 8,20Oth ; Concordia, Daylesford, £1 15s. per 100th ; Clunes Company, £s. and 6s. per 2,000th ; De- fiance, Ballarat, 2s. Gd. por 4,240th ; Donmark, Ben- digo, 3d. per shara ; Essex, Ballarat, 4s. per 2,6GOth; Great Extended, llcdan, 10s. and 6s. per 4,800th ; Grand Junction, Happy, Ss. por 900th ; Grand Trunk, 10s. and 10s. per l.COOeh ; Happy-go-Lucky, £210s. and £2 per SOOth ; Jeff. Davis, Crooked River, £1 per î,200th ; Koh-i-noor, Ballarat, 16s. and 10s. nor 3,200th ; Llanberis, 2s. Cd. per2,000th ; Lady Barkly, Bendigo, Gd. per share ; National, Buninyong, 5s. and Cs. per 3,200th; North Gromlllo, 10s., and 10s. per 600th ; Prince of Wales, Ballarat, 6s. per 5,120th ; Red Hill, Heathcote, 10s. per 1,000th ; Hobin Hood, £4 per charo ; Speculation, Haldon, 5 per cent, on capital; Try Agiin, Springdallah, £8 por 60th ; United Ex- tended Band of Hopo, 6s. and 5a. por 12,800th ; White Star, Daylesford, £7 and £8 por 100th; Wheal Kitty, Springdallah, £16 per share. Tho following from our weekly circular (corrected up to tills evening) convoys tlio state of tho niarkot for debentures, securities, and shares In Joint- stock as distinguished from mining companies :-. Debentures havo been quiet, with tho exception of Victoria Govornuiont six per cents., which move off in mode- rato parcels at 102} to 103. Tho £100,000 loan of the Australian rastoral Investment Company (Limited), hearing 10 per cent, interest, is being gradually ab- sorbed by Investors ; tho debentures havo threo years to run, and aro offered at 101, hut par would not bo refused. Soveral sales of Colonial Bank shares at £0 14s., and £016s. is asked ; tlio half-yearly meeting was held to-day, and passed off pleasantly. Thebulaucu sheot publl .ied is a satisfactory document, Tho rail- way amalgamation, and consequent realisable valuo attached to the stock held by tho bank, onablo a statement to ho mado of £70,003 gross prout for tho half-year, aftor deducting bad and doubtful debts. To rescrro fund £27,000 Is added, making that account up to £60,000 ; and dividend is declared at rate of 10 percent per annum. The present position of tho hank reflects credit upon tho vigour and effi- ciency of tlio management. Sales of National Bank at £0 and £0 le, closing with sailors at £6 2s. Od. ; thero has been a much li voller demand for these shares during tho current week. Bank of Now South Wales havo been told at £42 10s. Bank of Victoria shares have been placed to-day at £4316s. for Melbouruo register, and aro obtainable at tlio same. À good inquiry for shares on tho London register, and £45 would probably be conceded. Ballarat Has quotations aro stereotyped. Bendigo Gas have changed bands at £3 10s., but there aro very few shares in tlio market. Collingwood Gas taken at £6 ISs., hut it is impossiblo to got theso shares in quantity at prosent. No business in Geelong Gas. Holbourne Gas are asked for at £3 13s, Od , and the market is very bare. No mention of tho new Union Gas Company. Australasian Firo and Marino Insurance have been sold at 82s., and aro now offered at 81s. without any business-like responso f rombuyers. Over 1,200 Lifo shares changed hands in a uno at 17s. The receipts for the quarter exceeded the expenditure by £1,600. A few hundred Australian Alliance parted with at par. The sales of Southern Insurance havo all been at 34s. Od., 34s. Od., 35s. Victoria Life Insurance always wanted at 84s. Victoria Fire and Marino might be had something under £30, which is tho declared selling price. Bendigo Waterworks offered at 21s. Quedong Copper ia the market at £1 10s. ; tho report of tho resident director spoaks en- couragingly of the prospects. Quotations for Mel- bourne and Hobson's Bay United Hail way, as usual, at £00 buiers, £G7 10s. sellers. Thoio aro some of the old shares, with two months' extra dividend, now in the market, and for which £07 might bo takon.' " IMPOBTS AND EXPOBTS. The following table gives the imports and exports since the) commencement of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1864:-. Week ending Jan. 7 Jan. 14 Jan. 21 Jan. 23 JTcb. 4 Feb. 11 Fob. l8 Feb. 26 Mar. 4 Mar. 11 Mar. l8 Mar. 26 April 1 April 8 April 16 April 22 April 20 May 0 Mav 13 Mny 20 May 27 Juno 3 Juno 10 Juno 17 June 24 July 1 July 8 July 16 July 22 July 29 Aug. 5 Aug. 12 Aug. 10 . Aug. 20 Sept. 2 Sept. 0 Sept. 10 Sept. 23 Sept. 30 Oct. 7 Oct. 14 Imports. 1864. 1805. Exports. 1S04. £ 242,370 803,647 270,812 140,007 234,083 820,310 217,010 413,030 270,804 210,023 248,130 260,669 180,823 240,303 140,108 167,813 186,616 232,002 426,600 108,162 170,637 200,616 210,684 226,312 180,708 106,066 220,148 160,130 230,200 160,132 261,820 305,816 872,861 108,001 240,727 168,800 111,422 484,887 838,278 278,009 266,624 1830. £ 805,417 807,604 813,858 829,808 260,730 610,608 100,603 280,805 180,803 165,801 670,381 211,420 120,135 820,274 447,170 446,084 242,001 85,845 108,620 230,484 183,702 347,057 187,411 107,608 218,130 254,300 263,304 158,786 171,281 840,055 315,024 382,272 248,157 162,160 804.010 232,007 232,007 104,032 256,488 800,481 198,407 10,040,035 | 0,900,077 I 0,561 748 I 7,772,484 £ 145,343 242,394 160,278 443,801 285,603 187,200 327,424 607,093 280,707 110,198 386,030 416,703 183,118 224,351 70.710 453,611 165,073 214,465 232,018 65,280 543,090 70,348 112,220 65,647 650,032 65,459 40,265 152,274 872,628 130,444 124,897 58,846 88,017 613,116 71,809 151,180 151,180 503,4.9 180,802 45,497 63,480 £ 209,007 107,653 400,730 624,143 123,030 101,133 103,309 444,231 04,337 09,265 242,520 420,331 . 140,704 167,963 03,861 87,566 403,707 00,359 60.103 280,272 213,801 31,570 18S.381 144,168 118,255 421,282 38,955 68,634 481,003 100,790 35,372 411,407 80,161 67,072 05,092 413,335 69,204 143,000 342,557 0S.OS3 7ei,000 During the first period the account stood thus : ' Imports .£10,040,035 Exports .0,201,713 Balanco of imports over oxports During the second period : Imports . Exports ., £1,035,187 £9,000,077 7,772,484 Balanco of Imports over oxports .. £2,127,603 STOCKS I!f BOND. Tho appended returns show the 11.al stocks in bond at Melbourno on the 20th inst. : Brandy, 5,978£ hhds. 61,017 cases ; rum, 508 hhds. l.Ob'G cases; geneva, 25 hhds,, 127,912 red cases, 6,778 green cases ; whiskey, 772 hhds. 19,128 cases ¡ gin, sweetened, 24J hhds.10,881 cases;cordials, 2,123cascs; spirit« of wine, 40 hhds. : other spirits, iOh hhds. 19,941 copes ; wine. 3,760J hhds. 20,636 cases i colonial spirits, 1,632hbds. and'easks, 33 cases; beer, 8,801 hhds. 11,681 caies and casks ; tobacco, manufactured, 1,389 half- tierces, 2,300 quarter tierces and kegs, 10,080 three-quarter boxesnnd boxes, 0,768 cases.-total, 3,108,0331b.; do., unmanufactured, 142 hhds. and casks, 137 cases, 2,762 bales.-total, 418,4601b. ; cigars, 942J cases (119,0651b.) ; snuff, 22 packages ; ten, 12..87 chests. 21,840 h alf-chests, 16,219 boxes ; coffee, 2,877 bags, 2 tiercos, 73 casks, 261 barrels,-total, ,443,9011b.; molossos, 80 hhds. ; sugar-Mauritius, 6.865 bags ; Java, 192 bogs; other, 90,003 hngs 11 casks and cascB ; chicory, 484 packages; opium, prepared, 61 packages (2,8361b.); do., unprepared. 26 packages (3,700_lb.) ; dried fruits, 5,235 Snckogcs; hops, 617 pockets; rice, 26,810 bacs, barrels; malt, 4,010 bapr. Under tho New Tariff. - Bottled fruits, 9G1 cases ; candles, 2,131 boxes; cocoa, 30 cases ; preserved Ash, 2,022 cases ; eaddlory, 90 cases ; leather, 44 cases;mustard,213 cases; furniture, 417 caBes ; musical instrumente^ cases; drapery, hosiery, &c;, 1,303 packages ; woollens, 100 bales ; jams, 8,108cases ; varnish, 173 cases: cheese, 93 cases; vinegar, 260 cases and 087 casks ; hams and bacon, 177 packages ; confec- tionery, 1,348 cases ; soap, 63 boxes nnd 148 hhds. and casks : oilmen's stores, 2,320 coses ; ear then waio and glass, 271 packages : Jew»-1 lery, 5 cases ; oil, 845 cases ; picklos, 84 caeeB ; colt, 4,085 bags ; maizena, 8,126 horns ; boots and shoes, 7,000 packages; silks, 87 coEes; apparel and slops, 549 packages; butter, 201 tabs ; nats, 120 bags ; out*, 9,241 bags. shitting and Freigut REronr. Air. S. do Beer reports as follows : " Tlio sumo dulncss vvtilch has provailcel in our freight market for soveral months post still continuos, anti no circuniitancos aro perceptible to warrant tho hopo of any speedy improvement, more especially as respects rates to England. Hitherto but little wool ha« been available for shipment, which, howovor, Is usually tlio caso at thin early period of tlio soason ; but tho amount of tonnago on tho berth Is fully equal to tho requirements of tlio next two months, If in- deed it bo not in excess ; while the diilcront .hipping ports of New Zealand are in tho same position. In theso circuinstnnres, no improvement can bo looked for, and it will ho well If present rates aro main- tained. Tho ships now on the berth for Lou- don aro tlio Dover Caitlo, Den Lomond, Yorkshire, Ceics, I'rleloof tho Ocean, Glendower, Wciitilngto i, Lightning, Star of Peace, Lady Egidia, Wlilto Star, Hnrali Orlco, Moravian, Marco Polo. Omar Pasha, and Giant's Causowav, with soveral others of largo ton- nage to succeed as they arrlvo out. The departure« tor England during the past month .ire limited to two vessels-viz., the Kent, and Great Britain (steamer), and both willi comparatively small quintiles of produce, besides a comidorablo portion of their pas- senger accommodation unoccupied; but the fact that both will arrive homo In tho depth of winter, Bufllcicntly accounts for tho latter. Both ships, however, secured largo amounis of treasure, the Kent having on "board 60,00-oz. gold, and tho Great Britain 124 655oz Rates of freight io Tngland continuo tho same as last month, viz , {d for icoured, and a Ad for greasy wool, being one eighth less than those currer t simo period last j cor, and to maintain which consignees must use discretion, so as not to overburden tho borth with superfluous tonnage, but this position at present la no doubt an embarrassing one, as the masters of ships in their hands aro grcatlj nvorso to proceed to India or China, in the face cf tho disastrous adv ¡ces of freight thcro which have for several malls past come to hand w et hides bave been engaged at under 20s per ton, and birk at 40s per ton, ores aro scarce, and being eagerly sought after, the rates aro nominal "In the midst of tho general dnhics prevailing, it Is pleasing to be able to stato that tho improvements alluded to in m3 last report as having occurred in our trade with tho New Zealand ports, his not only beon maintained, but tonsldenbly increased Tor tho new portot Holtitika, vessels under 150 tons, and with a draught of water not exceeding 7ft (which are, how- ever, \crj scarce), command readily £5 to £0 per ton Tho several steamers to tho above port hal0 all been promptly despatched during the month, full of pis sengcrsand cargo, tho latter at £7 por ton, which tliev stood much in need of, tho irado for a length encd period having been far from profitable Tbo barquo Gulden Aro left lost week direct for Hokitika With about 200 passengers, and should tho accounts of the gold fields thore continue good, we may loos to lose a considerable number of our too limited popula tlon, with the uncomfortable feeling bolides that a largo portion were brought out from homo at the ex penso of this colonj "For Hong Ivong tho [ship Joshua Bates bas been despatched with a full complement of Chinoso passengers, and will bo followed by tho Golden Horn, now on the berth, which will probably be tbe last ship leaving with coolies during the rematador of tho present season For ships to load coals at Now castle, New South Wales, and for Shanghai, 25s is being offered, but at a trlfio 01 cr which tho (¡uccn of India lins been arranged for From samo port to San Fran- cisco, the J, J Dlmmock gets 20s , and sovoral small vessels ha\ o been taken up to proceed thoro, via New- castle, u ith coals, returning to this port with wheat, but in eich instance on terms kopt privato " Some activity has been manifested during tho month in tho shipment of horses to Calcutta, and the following ships halo been despatched with that de- scription of stock, and fair quantities of South Austra- lian copper, t iz., tho Siam, Sliand, Salada, Joachim Christian, and Warrior, the thrco latter to return direcily (with'produce, as well as tho John Eyston, which lins just been engaged for that purposo The rates at wbich these 1 csscls aro to return has not transpired Tho Hannah Nicholson, belonging to this port, has sailed for the Mauritius with a large amount In sovereigns, under engagomont to return hero with sugars " For sev eral years paBt at this season, many ordors v\ ero on hand to charter for Europe from tho Indian ports, but at tho present timo such aro very limited indeed, and at miserably low rates, although con- siderably over actual transactions tliero as advised by last mail " Tho sales effected during tbo month aro almost nil, embracing only (ho ship Douglas, 504 tons re- gister, on private tornis, and the steamor Koora at £0,000 " _ WELBOURNE -WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tho Import markets during tho month undor ro \\!ew have not beon characterised by any improve- ment on its predecessor, occasionally tho dulnesa prevailing found rcllof in a sudden demand for bread stuffs and one or two other staples, but this activity not being sustained, owing to tho apathy ovlnccd by most If not all the dealers, business as quickly relapsed to its proilous listless and Inanimate position In bulk nlcs, buyers having been met by a. concession, a better Inquiry has been experienced Stout has not at- tracted any notice Bottled ales havo not boen largely wanted, but bottled stouts havo gone freoly into the hands of the trade In candles a freer tono has been c\ inced Cornsaclcs, though closely watched, have presented no Inducements Woolpacks have de- clined in price Gunnies have been placed at a low figuro In Portland cement a reductl 11 lias been sub nuttod to New ling has again appeared In thoinarkot A largo ndvanco has been established en raisins llreadstuffs have been extensiv ely operated In at in creased rates Oats and maize present an Improved appearance Blasting powder lias hnd moro notice Malt lias not been in extensive demand In oils, kerosene has been moderately sought after Business in provisions is still ictarded by nant of supplies. Qulcksili cr 1ms commanded more attention from the bujers Bice has shown llttlo excitement Salt has beni In moro favour Sugars have advanced con- siderably Timber has been 111 request at improved prices. Tens havo been fairly represented in tbo months transactions lobaccoes wear a much healthier look Brandies at one tinto showed a good deal of nnlmatlon, hut at tho moment aro quiet Ale and Stout-rho month has been marked by somo Blight improv emont In the demand for bulk alo, a slight concession on tho favounto brands having lod tho way to Increased trade , most of tho other brands havo, however, remaincu neglected, any trade doing ha\ ing been confined to those referred to Bass's No Sale, though reduced to £0 15s , and eton less money accepted, has shown llttlo actlv ity Stocks of Allsopp _ ha\ lug accumulate I, and no inquiry for largo parcels having been experienced, bolders were Induced to offer at auction, when about 120 linds »ero quitted, and, subsequently, about 100 hhds chanted hands piivatcl) nt prices ranging from M 10s to £4 15s , since which £6 and£G 5s has been required for newly arrlv ed pireels Of Marram's a fair quantity has been disposed of at equal to £7, chiefly for shipment, vi hilo the Carlisle Company's has met witli favour at £0 17s Od to £7 Hie Colonial Company's has traduall) advanced in value up to lost week, when parcels of 50 Illida nero disposed of at C5 5s Trade sake of Joule's havo been oflcctcd at £8 , a shipment, however, has been lu the market for which consi- derably less moiiov has beon accepted Daw-son's Is valued at £C to ±.0 6s Of Youngers, small sales liai 0 been made at £0 , and a parcel of I ulton'a, just arru ed, was placed at £415s, in bond The demand for bulk stout has been exceedingly limited, and the few small lots disposed of liai e realised, for Whitbroad's, £7 to £7 6s Taylor, Walker, and Co s has boen quitted at £7 6s , the demand for tho Artillery Breviory Corn pan) 's hal ing in like manner fallen off, a reduction to £7 6s had to be submitted to Sir Henry Meu\ and Co's lias been sold at £7 Bottled ales liav 0 not attracted so much notlco as irom tho advance of the season might ha\ o been anticipated , fair progress in sales lias, how over, beon made Toniiant's, in trade parcels, bau been maintained at 10s , but a concession to purchasers of largo quantities led to the sale of considerable parcels, and relieving tho agents from holding too much stock Blood's baa been maintained at 10s, Arrol's has boen quitted at 0s Od , and ship- ments of Muir'» and Preston Pans havo boen placed with thotrado at 0s Gd toOs Od Bass's trlanglo has been disposed of at 0s Od , and for largo parcels a shade undor has been accepted, 1 rlond s bottling has boon sold at 0s ed , but in v try moderate lots Âitken's, for which 9s would halo been taken, is now firm at 0s 3d Consignments of tho Burton Brewery Com- pany's have been placed nt Os as they came forward Allsoips, Bjohr's bottling, has been sold at alike figure ¿or bottled stout a well sustained Inquiry bus been e-vperionccd for tho greater part of the month Shipments of Edmond's pig brand, in stone bottles, have luct w Hil a ready salo at 10s Od Henry ?\\\hito and Co'a have also been freely disposed ot at 10b Jd , of Guinness s, valued at 10s, there has not been much offering, Blood's lins been largely quitted at Its , Findlater's lias realised IDs , and Mackie and Gladstone's bot- tling lias brought a similar price, Arrols has been sold ntOs Od , Machin s has beon extensively placed atOs (Id , Dunphy s has found favour at 0s 7Jd , By ass's has been in considerable request, both for »hl| ment and local use, at Es in bond and Os duty ] aid-supplies being Insufficient to meet the demand, Barolaj 's, as a substituto, his been taken up at Os Tho Loionial Company's has been sold at 8s Od for double stout, and singlo stout has been placed at Ss Batting -Cornsacks, remained unnoticed until tho mall was telegraphed, when, under u mlsapprelion.ion us to the quantity coming lorward, a speculative do maud arose, which carried off some 200 bales at prices rai ghi!, from 14s 3d. to 14s Od , and holders refused even higher offers Subsequently, however, a re- action took place, which caused prices to recede to 14s and 14s 3d , and «lib no buyers even at thoso rates Woolpacks, under the influence of total neglect, have gono down to 4s, the latest price realised, hut an improvement is anticipated, as the up country demand must commoiico vory shortly ^ estenio), a parcel of 120 bales (.hanged hands on privato terms Supplies of gunny bags lately to hand have caused a reduction in this article, as no market for the present can be found unless an in- ducement Is offered to speculative purchasers. 100 bales wero disposed of at sonievv hero about 8s Candles-An activo Inquiry has beon kept up for this article, Now Zealand hav ing from week to week carried off considerable quantities, and shipments of tho various brands as thoy arrived bavo been readily disposed of privately, ill consequence, tho auction marts hav c not beon so largely favoured Halo s havo bein disposed of at Old , Gouda's havo realised a like llguro, Do .Roubaixs havo commanded 0WJ to 0¿d , Brandon s hav o been quitted nt Old , Bclmont's (In parcels) hav o been sold at 0¿d , all in bond Duty paid brandon s havo been sold at lOJd, and Ogilvy's, Bil) packets, at Old Tho Nova Company's have gone stcuoll) Into consumption at 10 jd Light weight candles, much wanted for shipment, cannot bo ob taincd, duty paid sales havo been mado at 7_d to 7Jd Cement -Tho vnluo of Portland was maintained at last mouth's quotations until tho mail anio in ad- vising shipments so much in excess of requirements , luimcdlaicly buyers then in the market retired, ro fusiig to operate at an) thing Uko previous figures. -Ince then a shipment of 000 barrels was quitted at lis Cd in tbo buy, towards the closo of last week a pared offered at auction had to be taken out of the way at 17s 3d American plaster from 15a declined to 13s, but has tinco gono up to 14s, at which, bow over, It dooB not move of!" very rapidly Chemicals-Ibis market has not been extensively operated In. boda crystals have gradually given way until a difference of 20s per ton has been phced buvvcen this and last month's prices Sales aro now making at £10 Carbonato of suda has beon brought forward at auction, where £10 has been accepted Caustic soda has continued in extremely slow sale at «.2110s to £22 10s Howers of sulphur, affected by tiliort supplies, has advanced to £24 to £25 Tartane acid has bcun more sought arter, the artlclo, how ever, has not been largely disposed of Prepared opium lias shown more firmness, offers of 17s. having beon frequently refused, wo quoto 17s Gd Chicory -Business in this market has been quiet, and unless to meet a moderate trade trade demand, llttlo lias been done Imported brands havo boen boldntiHd in bond Colonial grown has beca dis posed of at 5_d Coffee- h o Improvement can be reported on this staple, inquiry throughout the mouth liol having gone beyond that necossaiy for the supply of local requirement, mid prices do not sbovv the slightest alteration PUntatlon Ib quitted at 11 Jd to lljd Java ufa good description has been milutuincd at lOJd , for which figuro the shipment per Carl, offered at auction early in the month, wai withdraw 11 ÎMllhe Ccjloti meets with buyers ut8d toSid.und -lunilla ot fair quality Is north 8d Confectionery. - Little worth special notice liai transpired In this market, the demand has continued f-o slack as scarcely to sustain last month's quotations For Klcllcr's assorted confections lOd has been the ruling llgure, though for Wotlicnspoon's a shade hither has been obtained-10Jd , muro monoy having been wanted for Basset's, has acted as a preventive to much business Jujubes have been quitted at 12J. to 121d , and candled peel has boen sold »t 12d , with, howovcr, a disposition ovinted to accept of less money to Induce larger sales Cordage -Transactions in this market havo beon moderate Some invoices of English made Manilla havo been disposed of at prices ranging from ¡¿40 to £48. Manilla, made in sizes, from lln to 3Jin , has been sold at £61 to £62. Colonial manufactured has been sparingly disposed of at £50 for sizes over ono inch Flat rope is in slow sale at £00 to £05 Europo tarred rope moets with little favour, only trifling sales can be effected An Invoice of bolt rope realised £50, and a small lot of cordale w as placed at £47 10s Not- withstanding such salos, however, most holders would bo glad to meet with purchasers at far less money Russian cordage is valued at £50 Bengal lines aro saleable at £30 to £41 Seaming twinois improved, 13d to 14d being a fair quotation of values Shop tvv ino is scarce, and wanted at ovor thoso figures FlBh -New ling has during tho month mado its appearance again, and shipments to hand as well as to arrive havo been eagerly purchased at Gd YVhlto herrings, after touching 29s for half barrels and 8s 3d for firkins, havo disappeared from the market One pound salmon has been much wanted, and, iu tlio absence of supplies on the spot, considerable parcels to nrrlv e hav e changed hands at 15s Od lib hcrriugs have met with purchasers at 7s Od Red hermig« In tin«, hav e beon disputed of at 25s Od For Kew ¿oa land, the markot has been pretty vv oil cleared of sar dines, last week a consignment to hand from Franco, 120 cases, purchased for local use realised 5s 4jd for quarters and 11s for halves For o) stcrs, 10s is re quired, and lobsters aro saleable at 0s Od Frult -Tho advanco noted for currants haB boon readily conceded, 6}d to 6jd being paid In raislnB moreover, verj marked activity has boon cxporionced Elctnc, after riling to 6Jd and (k1., in bond, aro in ro quest Offers for Capo at Old, in bond, havo been refused Sultanas aro snlcablo at 7d, in bond. Mus catel laisins havo been disposed of at 8Jd , duty paid Elenie figs have realised Oíd, and dried apples havo declined to 5d and did , in bond Flour and Grain -For the greater part of tho month the market for breadstuff has not boon cliarac terlsed by much activity , towards tho closo of last week, however, a good doal of excitement prevailed, and a moderato advance has been tlio result In tbo week ending 2nd hist, the arrival of tho Woodbino King Oscar, and Albert, from Chili, via Sydney, was announced , the latter vessel having been on account of a miller on tho Geelong side, proceeded to tier destination flieso brought 40,000 bushols wboat Tlio Frankhy, with 20,000 bushols moro, which waa sold to land in one line, at Ss Od , also arm ed , tho Bummer Cloud, whoso cargo of 10,000 buBliels had been somo timo previously Bold to arrive, likewise dropped in , vv hilo the T E Boyd, a vessel direct from Chili, reached this with l-l,COO bushols Advlcos from Auckland reported the arrival of tlio Tabor, from Valparaiso, tho cargo changing hands for consumption in that market It was also stated at same time that tho AnmoYVood'aand Fanny Smalo's cargoes wero sold, at 8s Gd for wheat, and £10 for flour Besides thoso already named, tho transactions in this market during this ponod w ero as follow -1O0 tons flour, per Rose of Australia, wero placed at £10, some 7,000 bushols wheat, ex T E Bojd, and 15,000 bushols of tho other cargoes wero quitted at Ss lid toOs. Chilian flour, in tradclots, brought £10 to £1010s, and Adelaide £21 to £22 Thofollowlngweekwasmarked byagreat wantof nctlv ity Chilian and Adelaide flour presonted no alter atlon , while some 7,000 bushols Chilian wheat, tho balance of the 1 E Boyd s cargo, at Ss lOd , and a small parcel of Adelaide-8,000 bushels-at Ob Od .com priicd the bulk of operations On the 7th lu at, the telegrams advised tbe arrival at Auckland, on tho 30th September, of tho Maria and Lsther, from Valparaiso, with 11,050 bags flour, the Knovvsloj, via Sydney, with 33,000 bushels wheat, arrived here Tlio week ending 10th inst, till towards the closo, presented no new aspect, a few thousand bushols Chilian wheat, which wet e placed at 8s lid toOs being-tho only transactions reported At the time referred to, how ever, influenced by Adelaido telegrams advising pur chases thero at £22 for flour, a good doal of excito ment was created, and all tho flour offering-to tho extent of 000 tons- was cloared off, at £21 10s to £22 for Adelaido, and some 1,700 har reis American flour, to land ex Victoria, changed hands at £22, for Chilian wheat 0s 3d was wanted At Sydney, the arrival during tho same week was tho Freak, with 300 tons wheat,-since sold at Ss. Gd On tbo day follow ing tho Lion was ai nounccd from Chili, with 2,131 bogs vv heat , and on tho day succeeding that the arriv al of the Spartan from Conception Bay, vv as telegraphed, w Hu 3 058 bags wheat This vessel advisol tho Emma, Adieu, ard a Chilian barque as loading for tho colonies Hero the Inveruglo dropped in from thosamo quarter, with about 12,000 bushels wheat This cargo, how ever was sold to arrive several mouths previously The Inverurie brought dates to 20th July, reporting a baro market, and an advance in prices Advices from California to 13th July then leportod that the neander was the only vessel loading for tho colonlos. Whcatvv as quoted ot 3s Od perbushol,andflour£1110s norton Tho beginning of last week was noted chiefly for tlio apathy which prevailed amongst the dealers , as tho w eek adt anced how ever, and holders became Stifter in their demands, moro v itality was porcoptlblo £2210s to£2310s wasobtained for Adolaicie flour, and lOstolOs 3d for South Australian wheat, and attora jiacelof 100 tons Adelaido flour was placed at £23 holders declined selling moro at the figure 1,000 barrels American flour wero resold at 40s Gd , and £00 barrels 1 reuch flour realised 40s Chilian wheat then realised 0s 7Jd On Thursday (10th lust ) very considerable excitement prevailed, as it was reported that two cargoes of Chiliau wheat, the King Uscnr's and the Knovvslo) s, comprising 47 00O bushel«, changed hands In one line at a figuro withheld, but staled to be a very full price , while later in the day Irado sales wero effected at 0s Sd A parcel of 1,000 butlielB Adelaido wheat was placed at 10s Gd net, and some 8,000 bushels wero disposed of at 10s 7Jd , this latter salo, however, was not carried through 8,000 bushelB Port MacDonnoll wheat wero purchased on prívalo terms At auction, a few small lots of Adelaido flour wera sold at £22 l°s Gd to £23 6s , but these prices not proving satisfactory, the balance was withdrawn, but tho auctioneers bUhso quently disposed of fifty tons privately, at £24 net At the samo time, tho millers proved largo purclmsors, somo 250 tons having gone into their bauds privately atabeut £28 Iho week closed with a «eil sustained market, priccB still tending upwards 120 tons Ade laido flour were placed at £23 10s to £24 10s for country and town brands, South Australian wheat icallziug 10« 0d , and Chilian selling freely at 10s In feeding grain a reaction has sot in slnco our last re port, which lins changed the aspect of the market Colonial oats have been nctlv o at advancing rates, and we now quoto 4s 9d , with a steady demand Malzo, oiler dropping to 3s 7Jd , advanced again, and is now linn, with bli j ern, at 8s lid to 4s An extensivo tindo bas been dono in the article Foul barley has been in fair request at £24 10s to £25 Imported oatmeal has beon soldat £22 ISs, and colonial at £25 10s Bran has ruled at Is fid Gunpowder-Iho market for blasting powder has shown no appearance ol improvement, notvvlth standing numerous attempts to draw attention to the article, stocka in the magazine being too heavy, oven w ithout tho large additions made thereto by re pealed arriv als, to permit of any succeasml operation At the closo of September somo t>00 quarter barrels Shaipeswere passed off nt OW subsequently, 560 quarter barrels, samo brand, aC auction, brought (JJÜ to Cid At a later piriod Seo quarter barrels Mol fort were sold at GJd , mid about 800 quarter barrels, quitted in lots, brought GJd to 7jd , according to brand, anil, after tho mail carno, 1,000 quarter barrels Halmes s, for which moro money hod beon provlou lj refused, changed bands at 7d. To arrive, somo 3 000 quarter barrels 1 avo hecu placed at Od for South Bridge 6Jd for Mc fort and C|d for haiiues' Trado quotations ran{,o from OJd to 7-\d Hops-A decided improvement has takon placo in Ibis product since tbo arriv ii of tho mnil, showing v cry light shipments and that tho hop picking was not likely to commence for a week after tho doparture of the mail, nr about tlio ond of August, co that no hops of 1EG5 growth can reasonably bo expected to arrive here beforo December Sales of 1S04, first quality, havo been mado at 2s Sd to 2s id Inferior quulitios of 1804 hav o also been quitted at Is. 7Jd ana medium descriptions at Is lid to 2s By auotlon, fine lb03 realised la 7jd , and older growths have rangtd from fld to 1b Owing liowever, to the unseasonable weather prevailing, the demand has as y it continued moderato Mtlt -The impetus imported to tliis market, and sustained till the departure of lost mall, was succeeded by a treat vv ant of animation until tho receipt of Eng Util adv ices, and when the mail was first tolegraplied treat excitement prevailed, as much as 10s 3d being refused tor bins The receipt of fuller information cauted huyera to retiro, and prices receded to about the rates previously ruling Buring the lost fort nhjit the market has not been active, but sales of bins for trade purposes hav u been made at Os Od, and ot sanller parcel« at 10s Id Notwithstanding this, however, it Is fully anticipated prices will go much higher as the season advances , but every thing depot ds on the amount of shipments that may be advised from England Metals -IA ithout much activity bolng apparent, a fair amount of business has been transacted in this market Pig iron has been maintained at £5 10s, aid haB thuvvn little variation during the month Scotch corrugntlon has como forward very sparingly, tho only arrival, about sixty tons, was placed list week at £24 6s, £20 6s , and £28 5s, for 24, 20 and 28 feauL.ci respectively Supplies of English have likewise not been abundant, and «aloa coiiEcquently havo partaken largely of a retail elm ratler A shipment of Skaife s to arm o realUed £20 10s overhead for 24 and 26 gouges Trade salea of Hamilton s 26 gauge havo boen made at £3110s to £32 Wnlkcrs gospel oak, assorted lengths, was placed at £8£ 10s for 24, and £35 10s for 26 gaugo ¿lorowood b crown brand 1b valued at £31 Boiler plates hav e been In request for the creator part of tho month, the market having been out sparingly sup j Util Latterly, how ovor, shipments havo como for vvaid moro freely , several considerable parcels are now landing One shipment of 86 tons wai placed at £14 12s Gd , from which figure to £15 for BBil quota tions now rule bales to arriv o havo been more freely mado ulso Sheet has beon little inquired for, and, tho market beingabmidantlysupplied.prlccshaveremaiaod almostnomiualat£1310s to £14 Of bar and rod iron some considerable parcels hav o changed hands at £11 to £1110s , according to assortments Hoop iron ia heavy and difficult to move, except at a lar¿otacrl flee There are holders at the extremo limit of £13 10s buts« les havo been effected at very mu li lower prices Sheet lead Is dull at £26 6? Pig load is quoted £23 10s , and shot, for assorted numbers,'real lees £30 Zinc I« quoted £30, but tho metal is almost going out of uso Tin plates obtain no attention, wo quote twelve and a half percont advance E» bank s nails realise Alteon per cent orr list, though wo hear of exceptional transactions at seventeen and a half per cent off American nails aro becoming fccarco , foul-penny to tenpenny are valued at 24s, twelvcpenny and upwards are saleable at 21s Gd American hardvvaro Is readily quitted at very full price« Collins' and Sharpo's oxea bring from 78s to 82s , and Ames' No 8 long handled shovols are worth 68s, Bays being disposed of at 42s For drawn fencing vv ire thero is a large inquiry Rolled, how ever, is neglected The former Is quoted £10, £17 5s , £1810s , and £10 6s for Nob 5, 0,7, and S Ko 4 rolled is quoted £14 Ollr -In thisn artel kerosene alonehasbeendealtln toan) extent, though the business done ovon in that i-hoKS a marked contrast to former periods, and pricos have fluctuated somewhat, after tbo departure ot the hist niall an alteini twasmado to establish an advance TOO casts wero taken up for Sydney, at ds lid , and the principal holders then raised their prices to 4s 31, 1 ut tins proceeding only served to enablo others content to accept of less ta quit some 1,600 easts at 8» lOJd Somo 2,000 cases were placed the following week, in trade parcels, at 3s OJd to 8s lOJcl When the mail carno in another attempt was mado to stay the tendency of tho mnrkot, but prices havo continued to declino gradually At present w c quote 3s Sid to Ss Od tor bost brands Castor oil has had llttlo notice Cases have ruled at from 4s 4¡d to 4s Cd , and bulk has beon hold for 4s 2d to 4s 3d Linseed oil attracts no attention as yet, bulk is disposed of at 4s, and drums havo been quitted at 4s 3d to 4s 4d , for olio parcel in bulk 3s lOJd was accepted In Colza we havo no lm proveinentto noto, for shipments in wood 4s Od is realised, and drums aro saleablo at 4s lOd , hut tho demand is light Olive has hoon moro dealt in of lato , wo cannot, however, improv o on our quotations of 5s 3d for bulk, and 5s Od for drums Ohlnoso oil Is quitted at rather less monoy, 5s 9d. being full valuo Lard oil is scarce, and w anted at Os Oilmen's Stores -A good demand for all doscrlp tiona of stores has existed, and a scarcity of useful sorts having been experienced, invoices aro oagorl) purchased at very full rates Assortod pickles moot with arcady salo, at 8s Od for common to Os Od for superior brands Assorted bottled fruits havo beon disposed of at 9s 4Jd to Os 7Jd lib jams oro quitted at 8s Od to Se 10 jil, and shipments in bond hav e realised Ss Batty'« pint salad oil has been sold at 12s , other brands havo realised 7s Gd to 7s Od for half pints, and 21s Cd for quarts Pint castor oil has been placed at 8_ Od and Os, and halt pints at 5s Ealf pint hair oil his been purchased at 6s Od. to Gs 10id Column's mustard hal realised 7£d to Sd , and Column's bluo has been sold at OJd, to lOd Column's blue starch has brought 4Jd , and white sturch has been disposed of as high as Od \\\ I arrowroot has found buyers at 7d to 7_d Batty's quart v lucgar bas been placed a* Os 3d to Os Od , and sales of Champions In bulk, have boon mado at 2s 2d for No l8 and 2s 4d for No 24 Scldlltz powders realised 7s , jar salt 5s 4Jd , bleached Unger, lOJd , liquorice lOd. R Bell and Co 's plaid v estas havo brought 8s Od , v estas, 260 a, sold at 24s Jd IKE matches wero disposed of at 8s. 4 Jd to 3s Gd for small boxes White pepper was placed at C_tl , cloves, at 4Jd , and nutmegs at Is 4 Jil Black pepper Is worth 4d to 4jd Provisions -The extreme scarcity prevailing In this market has prevented anything liko business being done Butter ii), however, au exception to tho ac tiv lty existing In other articles, and though we quoto Is 4d , prices aro nominal Of hams and bacon, supplies of new aro very meagre, and the market has been ransacked for any description of old, w hlch could have been quitted at extremo rates Sinclairs new hams hav o beon sold at 1b 4M , In bond, and Is 6d is required overhead for hams and bacon, duty paid Shipments of clieeso como forward on too moderato a scalo to satisfy requirements, and in cousequenco, large parcels to arrive are quitted at 14Jd , in bond, 16jd is realised, duty paid Quicksilver-fill last week this motal presented a dull and declining aspect, former quotations of 2s Od being scarcely maintainable During the past few days it has rccelv ed moro notice and transactions aro reported at 2s 4_d to 2s 5d , willie some 100 bottles, to arrive per On) x, changed hands at a figuro with hold Bice -In the commencement of tho month the do mand for Fatua was steady Too trade purchased to a freo extent at £26 to £25 10b for lino samples, and in tbo week ending 2nd inst somo 300 tons wero quitted in parcels Second rato qualities, on tho other hand, proved exceedingly difficult to quit at anything like fairrateB The following week somo 2,123 bags, ex Blcheheu, wero placed »t auction at £18 16s , and later In tho week some forty -five tons, ex Antclopo, in ljcwt bags, realised only £18 Since advices of shipments to tho extent of 1,000 tons per Grand CoiidC and Anna Duthie, llttlo actlv lty has beon evinced 1,000 bogs, ex Bourdeaux, offered at auction yesterdav, did not bring out a bid over £21 Subsequently, however, tho parcel waa placed on privato terms Old rice hns been quitted at £10 to £20 At auction, tablo rice, in barrels, realised £24 6b for best and £10 to £2115s for ordinary qualities Privately, a fair trade demand bos boon experienced for Java dressed at £26 Salt -In this staple we hav o of late noticed some tendency to improvement, as formerly romarked, shipments coming In continue to be taken up for tho other colonies, and consequently make no addition to our stocks In tho early part of tho month, parcels offered at auction could not rcallso ov er £3 2s Gd , after the disposal of the Morning Light s parcel of 300 tons, at £2 5s in tho bay, prices stiffened, and G30 tons coarse" and 225 tons Uno changed hands at £3 6s , 400 tons, to arrive, were sold at £¿ 5s In tho bay Sugar -Stocks of this staplo aro still moderate, and tho demand has been sulllcieut to absorb all the supplies that havo hitherto como forward Tho improvement noted this month is thus fully war ranted by tho healthy position of the market The transactions of the month are as follow -Ou the 2Sth nit, when the John E) ston's cargo was offered, the first symptoms of buoyancy became apparent 0,770 bags were disposed of at from 27s Od to 2Ss for low rations, 20s to 80s Gd for middling to good do, 34s to 34s Od for medium counters, S7s lid to 37s 3d for good do , 41s bd for oxtra finest do ,37s to 37s Od for middling yellow crystals, 41s for fine do , 44" to 46s for good w hito do These prices show an advanco of fully 30s per ton on rations and medium counters, and 20s on yellow crystals other description s fully maintalningproviouscurrency 1,200 bagBMnuiltius of another shipment woro withdrawn for higher prices holders not being w illlnt to accept present rates On Thursday, the 6th mst, tho cargo of the For moso, from Mauritius, consisting of 0,700 bags sugar, was offered, 0,640 bags of which »ero sold (two lots of 250 bags having boon withdrawn for assortment) at 28s to 32s 3d for low to good brown, 34s 3d to 30s Od for medium lo good counters, 38s to 41s Sd for good to finest do, 40s Gd to 41s 3d for yellow crystals, 43s to 4ts 3d. for middling to good white do, and ¿7s Od to 3Ss for low vollow browing sorts I (these prices mark a declino on vvbito crystals of about -Os per ton, an advanco of 40s on browing kinds, and 20s to 30s on medium to good counters, other sorts fully maintaining prov lous currency), and on tho day following 4,767 bags Jav a sugars, ox Car), woro quitted at £28 per ton for rations, and £38 10s per tun for groy crystals Tho damaged portion of the Cosslporo sugar ex Spunkic 782 bags, was sold under tho ham mer and realised fair pricos Privately, sales of No 1 Cossipore were effected at £45 to £40 in bond On the 16th hist the damaged portion of tho Sarah's and For ¡sosa'» cargoes, 1,700 bags realised but middling prices On Tuesday, the 17th, the first sale under the uew du ties took placo The cargo of tbo Hannah Nicholson, from Mauritius-, consisting of 6 150 bags, was offered, und the auctioneer succeeded In soiling all but ono lot of SOO bogs, at 26s Gd to 27s 3d for rations, 32s Od toSOs 3d for low to good browns, 80s 8s to 37s ljd for low grey brewing sorts, 37s Od to 3Ss 3d for good to Uno counters, 30s Od. to 40s for low white, te 42s for lino white crystals, all duty paid (£3 duty) These prices establish an advanco of about 30s a ton on some descriptions, and fully sustain previous prices for other .sorts The attendance of the trade was large, out tbcro was no animation in the biddings Loaf sugar undor the hammer brought 5}d and crushed loaf, to arrive, changed hands at about £51 The Nemesis cargo, arrived in tho close of last week, will bo offered for sale on Thursday next Tea-Wo extract the following from Messrs Jas 0 Robertson and Co's tea circular -"A very fair amount of business ha« been transacted during tho month, more particularly towards the closo This Is in a great measure attributable to the settle incnt of tho duly question, which has been ac comphshed by the Customs authorities Intimating that the usual deposit of 3d , which his bithcrto boon paid along w 1th tho reduced rato of duty, viz , 3d , shall for tho futuro ho discontinued Tho Tariff Duty Bill, together with tho Appropriation Act still rems ina with tho Upper House, and tho doad lock isas fust as ov or The reduction of duty has had tho effect of bringing a finer description of toas Into consumption, the two cargoes of now seasons teas having already gono into the hands of tho trade Low and inferior mado up congous remain a drug in tho market and are saleablo at from 5d to OJd and to 7d per lb , so also roo chow dust and sittings Leafy kinds aro in fair demand, and readily fetch lid to lljd per lb Tiioro has beon and is considerable li qulry for good ordinary to mixed leaf kinds, to mixed leaf with flavour, and silos havo been effected at Is lid to le 6d , blockish leaf kinds at Is Ed to Is Od , and strong to lUvoury de enption at Is 7d to Is 7jd havo boen In fair In quiry , but tho principal sales of tho month hav a hoon of congous of fair quality Kahow kinds, at from Is Sd to Is 100 , of tho new season, have met with very ready sale, ond line strong KalsovvR havo boon llocodatls lOd to 2s Id to 2s 3d for fino flavour, and 2s Gd for rich pekoe souchong flav our Scontod orango pekoe has been in better request, and sales have been mado at an advance upon our quotattons,but only in 1 imitcd quantities, long leaf, Canton make, has been placed at 2s Id to 2s 2d porlb , short loaf, conn try kind, is not much inquired for, but sales havo boon effected at Is Od to Is lid per lb lu green teas wo hav ono alteration to note, and our previous remarks will apply to tbo present Auet on sales on tho 8th October -The cntlro cargo of tho Ettrick was offered, only a few pnekngos wero sold under the hammor but | riv atoly 2,360 packages w ore disposed of, at about our quotations On the 13th October a quantity of odd lots, c\ Theodora Dill, Arlol, &c;, and 664 pack ages disposed of at previous rates The arrivals during tho month have beon the Ettrick, from Too chow, on Oth li staut at Melbourno, with 355,6001b tea, and tho L)dil Hilton and Rubicon, from Foo chow, on 10th Instant at Adelaido, with 370 0001b tea The dohverirsfor tho month have been 740,010 lb against 400 6771b last year Tbo stock In bond In Melbourne Is 2,"S,SlJlb , against 2 460,000 b last year Hie stock In bond in 8ydnoy is 282,1501b, against 500,0071b last y car Our quotations aro, in bond) -Congou-Dust and sittings, Cid to7d.,brokon Foochow, Od to lOJd , ordinary to good ordinary, lid to Is lid , mixed leaf kinds, Is Id to Is 4d , do, with llttlo Hal our, 1b 4\d tola Gd , blackish leaf kinds, Is 6d to Is Cid , do, strong, Is 7d to Is 7_d do, strong, with flavour, Is 8d to li OJd , do, h also w kind», rather strong, 1b lOjd to 2s OJd , do, pekoe souchong and pekoo flavour, 2s Id to 2s 2jd , do, fine rich pokoo souchong fla- vour, 2s 3d to 2s 6d. , very low, 6d to 8d , souchong, common, none , middling to fine, la Sd to Is 9d , extra fine, 2s to 2s 2d , orango pekoe, scented, ordinary and broken, Is 7d , do , good to lino, Is lid to 2s , do , finest, 2s Id. to 2s 2d , caper, scented, common to middling, nono, do, middling to fine, 1b Sd to 2s , do , finest, 2s Id to 2b 3d , hysonskin, Canton, Sd to 7d. , do, true common to lino, 7Jd to lOd , hyson, common, Sd to Is , do , good to fine, Is 3d to 1b Od , finest, la Od to 2s , young hyson, Canton, and twankay kinds, Sd tola Id , do , iiood yellowish leaf to fino hyson flavour, Is Sd to 2s Od , gunpowder, Canton, Sd to Is Od , do country kinds, 2s to 3s , imperial Canton, lid tola 2d , country kinds. Is Gd to2s" Timber -Uli« market has beon fairly roprosented in the n-onths operations Deals have been main- tained at 5}d for 0 x3 An advanco on flooring, 0 x J, was established, and ou clear plneasuddeu riso of £2 was obtained On the 20th ult tho following parcels wero disposed of under the ham mer, ex Golden Horn and Clutha -88,000, 6 x li, T and O red, from 16s Od to 10s per 100, 46,000, O x J, white, 12s Od do , 70,000, 0 x 1}, do , 13b 3d do , 10,000, O x 3, do , 8s Gd do , 40,000, 0 \ J, do , 8s Gd , 25,000, (1 x j T and O , white, Sp , 25,000,0 X i, do , Ss , 10,000 Ox J, do , Si Id , 42,000, 0 x i, do, 8s , 20,000 four out W boards, 7s Od , 136,000 do do, 7« Cd ; 32,000 do do, 7s Od , 20,000 six out do, 0s (k1 , 100,000 do do, Os 3d , 77,000, do do, 6s Gd On tho 3rd instant, Hie cargo of deals ex Bastian Pot vías submitted to public «-lo IG 313 deals alt gethor were offered, hut only the red deals were disposed of 2 631 pieces, 11 x 3, broufcht 511 led per foot 0x3, 0 027 pieces, 0x4 7x3, and 7 x 1\ realised 5d per f( ot O x 3 ami 4 005 pieces 0x3, sold at 6 1 lid On the 10th instant, there was sold, ex Cathedral, 145,000ft white pino shelving, which br ught £i0 10s to £10 16s , 212 000ft T and O white pino Hooting realized £0, 10,000ft Uti carpenters cloar pino, ill 6s , 24,00tit ljtn to 4ln clear pine, £17 7s Gd to £18 5s , 12 000ft Oin x lin T and O spruce, 13s per 100ft ; Hin x 31n spruce deals sold utijd fortin x8in , Oin x Sin do,at4id running, 6ft spruce pleketB woro quitted at £8 17s. 6d Hi Warrior and Cathedral-doors, S x 7 and 2 10 x 810, 2iu., 1-Jln., and IJin., brought 12s. to 10* Od.; 2.S x 0.8, lain.. Hin. and IJin. D. M., 9s. to 18s. 3d.; 2.0 x G.0, IJin. 8. M., Os. Od. to Di. Od. Ex Cathedral. -400 palra sashes, 7 x 0,8 x 10, 8 x 12,0 x 12,9 x 13, 10 x 12, and 10 X 14, IJin., 4s. Gd. to 8s. per pair ; and, on the 16th ioBtant, ox Schoolboy, all faults, 60 logs cedar brought 28s. to 20s. 3d. per 100ft. super- ficial ; 60 logs do., 23s. per 100ft. do. ; 40 logado., 21s. 3d. to 23s. por 100ft. do. Ex Agnes, all faults :-4ln. cioar pino Bold at £18 7b. Cd. ; Sin. do., £1810i. ; 2in. do., at £10 6s. and£10 10s-; IJin. do.,at £102s. Od. to £10 58. ; IJin. do., at £18 5s. per 1,000 superficial feet ; and on the 20th, some 70,00011. Ox 1¡T. and G. while flooriDg, ex Glendower, realised 12s. Ud. per 100ft. Tobaccoes.-In this staple a firmer tono has beon ob- served than for a long timo previous. Transactions have not by any menns been extensivo, but a very healthy trades demand has been experienced through- out the month, highly satisfactory to the dealers in general, though as yet, owing to the heavy stocks hold by most, tho importers havo not yet participated in tbo improv cment. Tow ards tho closu of last month, buy crs of leaf, from Sydney, appeared in tho markot, transactions lu which ranged from la. 2d. to Is. Od., according to quality ; and in tho commencement of tho present, a déniant) for plug tobaccoes sprang up for Ade- laide, Sydney, and New Zealand, considerable parcels of tens and twists having been shipped for those colonies. Advices by tho mail lately to hand, reporting no ship- ments from America, and only 60,0001b. from England, havo been received with satisfaction, and should wo bo favoured with a continuance of moderato ship- ments thero is no doubt but tho market must insumo a very different appearance. The only auction sales wo have to report were hold on Monday, tho 2nd Inst., and on Friday, the 13th. On tlio former occasion some 200 packages wore placed as follows :-Southern twist brought 2s. 4 jd. to 2s. Od. ; tens. Is. 5d. to Is. 6Jd. ; Southern Western twist, Is. 2d. ; aromatic-pounds. Is. 4M. to 2s. Sjd. ; half-pounds, Is. to Is. 5d. And on the latter 237 packages wero sold. Tbo biddings wero languid, and certauily not up to what was an- ticipated. Tens realised Is. 2d. to Is. 2Jd. ; twists, Is. Id. to Is. Sd. ; aromatic, half-pounds, 2s. to 2s. 1 Jd. ; half-pounds, id. Our trado quotations aro :-Northern tens and halves, Od. to Is. ; Western medium, 12d. to lGd. ; and Uno, 17d. to 10M, TvviBts Bhovv a decided tendency upwards ; Northern are saleable at 12d. to led. ; 'Western, at 15d. to Is. Od. ; Southern realised 2s. 4Jil. to 28. Gd. Light-coloured tobaccoes aro in improved inquiry. Swiss cigars meet with a roady sale at 40s. to 42s. Gd. for Onnonds. Manilla cheroots aro Bcarco, and any to hand now would realise 05«. Cigars, however, aro neglected, though offering at 55s. Wine» and Spirits.-The demand for both sherries and ports has continued limited; common sherrle9 have been disposed ol at as low as £2(1 to £23 ; good do. mediums have been quittod at £30 to £15 ; and finer deacriptions up to £110 have boon sold. Com- mon red wines havo boen placed at £22 to £28. Of Houghton's double-diamond port wine, Eales have boen mado at £42 to £44, and on the 0th of tho mouth Ollloy's was disposed of at auction at £36 to £67 per pipe. In tho commence- ment of tho month, a brisk demand Bet in for MorUili's and Ilennessy's brandy, both for New Zealand and Sydney ; for the former, nothing but quarters would be taken, and as theso became scarce, and orders had to bo executed, 7s. 3d. and 7s. Od. was roalisod. For the latter, a considerable quantity was carried off at 7s. for Martell's, and 0s. Od. for Ilennessy's. Since this demand has subsided tho market has boen heavy. Largo supplies havo been received from Franco, two vessels having arrived direct from Charontc. Champagne Vineyards' and Vlncgrowera' brandy havo been disposed of at 6s. Otard's has roalisod 6s. Gd. U.V.P. is quoted at 0s. Gd. In caso brandies Honnessy's has declined considerably, sales having boon effected as low as 20s. Od., but 2,000 casos having changed hands to arrive, the tono of tho market is again firmer. Martell's realises 26s. U.V.P. has beon quitted at 26s., and C.V.P. and Vincgrowors havo mot with notice at 22s. Gd. Gonova has boon moved with difficulty in small parcels-JDKZ at Ss. 9d. to 0s., and V. H. and Co. at Ss. Gd., and otbor brands as low as 7s. Gd. Rum, 10 per cont. o.p., baa been quittod at 3s. 3d,, to 8s. Id., and 30 per eent. o.p. has realised 3s. Gd. to 3b. Od. Whiskey has been sold at 8s. to 8s. Gd. in caBC, and 8s, to 3s. Gd. in hulk. Old Tom has been placed at 10». Gd., and 11s. for Sir. It. Burnett's. MELBOURNE MARKETS. Tuesday, Oct. 24. the mills. Business in tho flour market continues to be marked by increased buoyancy and briskness, and a large trade is being done in orders for town and country. Prices, which during last week had boen gradually rising from £22, aro now quoted at £25 per ton. Wheat maintains its advanced figuro, and holders rcfuso to quit unless at a maximum rate. Oats aro firm at previous quotations, and oatmeal con- tinues to realise £26 per ton. Millers' prices aro as follow '.-For best silk-drossed flour, £2310s. to £26 per ton of 2,0001b. ; best Adelaido brands, £2310i. to £25 ; outside brands, £22 to £23 ; bran, Is. Gd. to lo. Od. per bushel ; pollard, Is. Od, to 2s. per buihel. Oat- meal, £2G per ton. RETAIL MARKETS. Dairy produce continues plentiful and cheap, but poultry ia scarce and high- priced. Butcher meat re- tains its high figure, and thero is but scant prospect of prices giving way. The high rates ruling in flour have induced tho bakers to advance the price of tie 41b. loaf, which has now reached lid. Pricos aro as subjoined :-Bcof, 7d. to 0d. per lb. ; mutton, Gd. to Sd, per lb. ; veal, 7d. to 9d. per lb. ; pork, 8d. to 9d. per lb. Poultry.-FowIb, Gs. to 7s. per pair ; gceBO, 10s. to 12s. do. ; ducks, 7s. to Os. do. ; turkeys, 18s. to 25s. do. ; choose, fid. to lid. per lb. ; eggs, Is. 3d., Is. Gd., and Is. Od. per dozen ; nutter, fresh, Is. Od. to 2s. per lb. ; broad, 9d. to lid. tho 41b. loaf; milk, Gd. to 7d. per quart ; hams, Is. to Is. 3d. per lb. ; bacon, Is. to Is. 3d. per lb. HAY MARKET. ? Thero is comparatively little business doing in the haymarket, and though supplies of old hay aro offer- ing but sparingly, the quantity brought forward for Balo is equal to the detumd. Prices have boon uni- formly steady, and for tho present aro firm at the appended figures. Several loads of new rye hay havo appeared In the market, and arriv als of new oaton hay aro expected ero long. Straw is in favourablo inquiry, and commands a better price. Quotations aro :-For best hay, £8 16s. to £9 6s. ; Inferior and second, £6 to £8 ; new rye, in bundles, £4 10s. to £5 ; straw, £4 10s. to £5 10s." EASTERN MARKET. Tho market continues to bo fully supplied with seasonable v cgetablcs, which lind ready sale at fair prices. Cabbages are plentiful at Is. per dozou, and for thoso of suporior quality 19. per dozon is obtained. Cauliflowers aro a shado higher. Tho supply of fruit is extremely limited, and in conscquenco of the dry nets of the season the crop of strawberries is llkoly to be unusually small. Tho following are tbo prices ruling : - Vegetables. - Asparagus, Is. to 0s. per 100 ; beet, Od. to 1b. per dozen ; bouquots, -li. to 6s. per dozen ; cabbages, 1b. to 4s. per dozon ; carrots, Od. to Is. per dozon bunches ; cauliflowers. Is. Gd. to 6s. per dozon ; eclorr, Is. to 6s. por dozen ; cress, water, 1b. per dozen bunches ; garlic, 2d. per lb. ; horseradish, 2s. to 4s. per dozen sticks ; leek, Is. to Is. Gd. per dozen buuehos ; lottuco, Gd. to Is. per dozen ; marjoram, Gd. to Od. per dozen bunches ; mint, Gd. to Od. per dozon bunches ; onions, dried, 1b. per lb.; do., green, Is. to 2i.Gd. per dozen bunches; parsley, Gd. to Od. per dozon bunches ; parsnips, Is. to 2s. per dozen bunches ; peas, 1}<1\. to 2d. per lb. ; potatoes, 7s. per cvvt. ; do. young, 2kl. por lb. ; radishes, 4d. to Od. per dozen bunches ; rhubarb, 1b. to 2s. Gd. per dozon hunches ; sago, Od. to 9d. per dozen bunches ; spinacb, Id. to ljd. por Ib.; tprouts, 3d. to 9d. per dozen ; thyme, Gd. to Od. per dozen bunches; turnips, Sd. to Is. per dozen bunches. Fruits.-Gooseberries,6d. per quart; straw- berries, 3s. to 8s. Gd. per 11). Dairy Produce. Buttor, Is. 4d. to Is. Gd. per lb. ; ducks, Gs, to 7s, por pair ; eggs, 1b. 5d. to Is. 7tl. per dozen ; geeso, 10s. to 12s. per pair; young cocks, 0s. to 7s. per pair ; honey, 9d. per lb. ; pigeons, 2s. Gd. per pair ; pork, Od. to lOd. per lb. ; rabbits, 8s. to 5b. por pair ; sucking pigs, 10s. to 12s. each ; turkeys, Ills, to 24s. per pair ; hams, Is. 3d, to Is. 4d. per lb. ; bacon, Is. 3d. to Is. 4d. per lb. WOOL, TALLOW, HIDES, he. Messrs. R. Goldsbiiouoh and Cn. report:-" Wool. -Wo havo to report the resumption of active opera- tions in thih markst. The first sale of the season was held at our warehouses on the 18th hist., when 1853 bales wero catalogued, consisting almost entirely of clips shorn in the grosso, only ono lot being washed fleece. Buyers evinced extremo caution, consequently not much wool was sold, the actual quantity dlsposod of being about 250 bales. For these satisfactory ratos were obtained, the prices roalisod being fully propor- tioned to thoso ruling in England at the dato of our latest advices. A second sale was held on tlio 20th inst., with tho same result, less than one fourth of the lots catalogued being sold. To- morrow, the 26th inst., tho salos will bo re- sumed at our vvarobouBCs, and we anticipate a considorablo quantity will chango hands, owners and buyers showing a mutual deslro to moot each other's viowfl as to prices. So far, weean scarcely judge of the condition of this year's growth as a whole, for up to this date the arrivals have boen almost entirely from tile northern districts, none of the wostern clips having reached town. The lots we have had tho op Íiortunity of examining do not reach the growth of ast year, and in soveral cases the staplo is somewhat short and tender. This was of courso to bo oxpoo ed, in consoquenco of tho very unfavourable winter and spring ; ttlllitis satisfactory to note that, on the whole, the condition is fully bettor than we anticipated, whilst it is reported that many of tho western clips aro quite equal to rrovioua seasons. By next month wo shall be able to speak with moro confidence on this point. Wo append quotations of prices, although tho market han only been partially tostcd, moro ospecially in the casa of washed woola-in fact, no really first class lots have passed tho hammor as yet. Prices Current ¡-Greasy-Inferior to ordinary, 7d. to Od. ; ordinary to average, 9d. to lOd. ; good to superior, lid. to Is. Id. ; do. do. (cross-bred), Is. Id. to Is. 2d. Fleece-Inferior to orainary, Is. 3d. to Is. 5d. ; ordinary to avorago, Is. 5d: to Is. 8d. ; good to supo- rior, Is. 9d. to2s. Scoured-Ordinary, Is. 4d. to Is. 7d.. good, Is. Sd. to l8. lOd. ; superior, Is. lOd. to 2s. Tho following ships have cleared for England nineo our last summary:-October 2, 1805, Kent, for London, 493 hales; October 21, Great Britain, for Liverpool, 1,107 bales ; total, 1,605 bales ; previous shlpmouti, 180,628 bal« ; total, October 26, 18G4, to date, one v ear, 132,203 bales ; do., do., 1863, to October 26,1804, 119,787 bales ; increase, ) ear eliding October 25,1805, 12,60(5 bales. Tallow.-During tho past month transac- tions have been few and unimportant, scarcely a single lot coming forward either for sale or shipment. We have sold a small parcel of beef at £32 10s., and mutton at £35104. per ton. Quotations aro about as follows, say ¡-Beer, £30 to £33 ; mixod, £32 to £34 ; and mutton, £34 to £3G per ton. Hides.-Pricos ro- main about samo as quoted last month, say ¡-In- ferior to ordinary, eH. to 8s. ; average to good, 9s. to 10s Gd. ; superior, in shipping condition, 12s. to 14s. each. Tho shipments aro:-8,007 hides per Bon Lo- mond, and 0,202 hides per Star of Pcaco ; both of which vessels remain here loading with wool for Lon- don." Messrs. Cu.mkoiiah andMACRKUiB report :-"Wool. -We regret to havo to report by this mail a con- tinuance of tho same dry weather under willeri thoso colonies havo now been go long suffering. In this province, south of tho Dividing Range, on the Goul- burn, on the Upper Murray, and in Gipps Land, they have had no want of rain, and feed und w.ver aro abundant. But all tho country between the Pyrenees and tho Murray west of the Campaspe, the wholo of Riverina, and tlio districts on the Darling, aro suffering most severely from the drought, w hieb, in somo places hos lasted now for moro than twelve months. This has told sovcrcly on tho Btock. groat numbers of which havo perished, and tho lambing haB beon tho worst ever known. Tho wool, too, has suffered, being In- ferior both in growth and strength to that of last year. Nearly all that has como forward yet is In tho greaso ; and, owing to the scarcity of water, this is likely to be tho rulo throughout tho season. Tho clips from tho Western District, and from other ports of the colony where thoy have had a suffi- ciency of rain, havo not yet begun to arrive, shearing there having only just commonecd. We held our opening Balo for the season on Friday, the 20lh lust., and catalogued 1,018 bales. Tho attendance was good, with fair competition, and most of tho largo lots bought in woro retired at prices very llttlo below the growers' views. The greater portion being greasy, thero was llttlo opportunity afforded of testing the value of floeco wools. Greasy ranged from 7d. to 12Jd. ; fleece, lOJd. ; scoured, 14d. to 213d. ; sheepskins, 4jd. to 6id." Messrp. J. H. Clough and Co. furnish tho following report:-" Wool.-Tho opening sale of tho season was hold on the 18th inBt., when a cataloguo of 1,870 hiles w ero submitted ior competition, but buyers did not bid Iho prices that growors anticipated, and tho result was that only a small portion was placed. Tho season's clip has begun to arrivo in town a llttlo earlier than is usual, owing as well to the groat facilities that oro offered for speedy transit by' the rall wavs and the steamers plying on tbe Murray and Its tributaries, as to tho hot weather sotting in sooner than Is customary. Thero will bo only a small pro- portion of washed wool this season. This is owing, In a great measuro, to the unusually dry season that has lasted for so long a time, and reducod tho quantity of water in the rivers ana creeks so much, that thero is not sufficient left for washing purposos. The condl ditlon of the clips we havo In store Is by no means so bad as we anticipated it would be, from tho unfavourable season that wo havo passed through. Wo shall, however, ho able to report more fully on this subject by next mall. Tho following wool ships have cloared since our last, viz.-Kont, 30th September, 408 balos ; Great Britain, ? 20th October, 1,107 bales; making a total of 1,605 bales. And tho following have been tho weokly shipments for the week ending September 30, 30,1081b., valuo £2,501 ; week ending Octobor 7, nil ; week ending October 14, nil ; week ending October 21, 1,112,0101b,, valuo £75,443. Total, 1,142,2471b., value £78,034. Tallow.-Thero is nothing doing lu this articlo for exporta- tion, the small parcels coming forward realising good prices for homo consumption. Thero have boen no shipments during the month. Hides.-Several par- cels havo lately changed hands at prices ranging from 11s. Od. to 13s. each, for shipment by vessels now on tho berth. LABOUR HARKET. Of tho aspect of.thls markot, Mr. Eldcrton reports "There continues a little Improvement in tho general demand for malo and femalo labour. Shearing Is now going on at almost all the stations, and the sheds aro Bupp led with bhearors, principally from tho various localities, and but few (comparatively) aro engaged from Mclhourno. The price now is 15s. a hundred. Somo usoful mon, stockriders, splitters and fencers, bullock-drivers, and shepherds, hav« met with situa- tions ; also farming men as generally useful. Married couples without famllioi hav» been hired but to a. limited extent. Malo domestics, walters, grooms, and useful lads, havo met with employment for town and country. Femalo servants aro getting in better demand and as the season advances it ii expected they will be moro freely re- quired. Country servants, suitable only for dairies or farms, aro now obtaining places. Altogether, tho labour market Is In a moro active Btato than for somo weeks past. Wages havo not undorgono any naatorial change, but they aro firm at the following quota- tions ¡-Shearers, 16s. a hundred, nud found ; plough- men, 15s. a week, and found ; bullock-drivers, 12s. to 20ß. ; mon cooks, 16s. to 00s ; gardouors, lfis. to 20a.;; grooms, 15s. ; coachmen, 20a. ; barmen, 16s. to 25s. ; waiters, 16s. to 40s. ; married couples, without fami- lies, £50 to £70 a year, and found ; boys, Ss., 0s., and 10b. a week, and found. Female Servant«.-House- keepers, £40 a year, and found; cooks, £30 to £10; . cooks and laundresses, £30 to £55 ; house and parlour maids, £20 ; housemaids, £20 ; general servants, £20 to £30 ; nurses, £30 ; nursegirls, £12, £16, and £20, according to ago and usefulness ; waitresses, 15s. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. AltniVAlS AKD C-KArtAKCEB SINCE OCR LAST SCMMAnT.. [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Cn., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; II., Hamburg ; Hu., HaHoverian ; N., Norn cgian ; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian ; Bolg., Belgian ; Br., Urcmon ; Pr., Prus- sian ; R., Russian ; s., ship ; b., barquo; br., brig| se., schooner ; s.S., steamer. Sept. AURIVED. 26\. T. E. Boyd, B. b., 300, A. Young, Valparaiso. Boyd and Currie. 27\. Salada, B. b., 423, Edward P. Johnson, HW York, vii Ballia.-Lord'and Co. 27\. Wcnnh gton, B. b., 1,000, J. Williams, Liverpool. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 20\. Cathedral, A. «., 1,040, O. Molcher, Boston. Wilkinson Brothers and Co. 20\. Summer Cloud, B. b, 364, H. Skolton, Tomé, via Auckland.-W. J. Greig. 20\. Ettrick. B. b.,'300, W. Beckett, Foo Chow Foo. James Henty and Co. 20\. Sebastian Pot, D. b., 667, P. Van der Hoog, Gothenburg.-O. Tondour and Co. SO. Wavo of Lifo, B. a., 888, J. Lawson, London, via. Plymouth.-Dalgety and Co. 30\. Formosa, B. b., 880, Jas. Beaton, Port Louis, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers and Co. Oct. 1\. Carl, B. br., 164, W. Dow, Batavia.-H. S. Smith. 1\. Roxburgh Castle, B. «., 1,200, Charles Dinsdale, London.-W. P. White and Co. 8\. Penguin, 0. br., 334, J. F. Wessonborg, Ham- burg.-A. Macforlan and Co. 3\. Sarah Grico, B. s., 1,070, J. O. Fergusson, Liver- pool,-Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 6\. Glendower, B. s., 1,102, E. Duncan, London Michaelis-, Boyd, and Co. 0\. Asiotic, B. s., 1,150, John R. Androw, London. Michaelis, Boya, and Co. 7\. Knowsley, B. b,, 017, Robert Robortson, Tomf, vlft Sydney.-Captain Robertson. 10\. Inverugle, B. b., 233, J. Lyell, Tom6.-Haegoand' Prell. 11\. Bombay, B. s.S., 1,800, G. O. Burao, Point do Gallo.-John Sparkes. 12\. Victoria, B. s., 800, A. D. Fiold, Now York.-B. Towna and Co. l8. True Briton, B. s., 1,100, O. H. Bawn, London, via Plymouth.-W. P. White and Co. 14\. Hannah Nicholson, B. b., 225, T. Bicknoll, Port Louis, Mauritius.-Fanning, Nankivell, ann Co. 14\. Olronde, F. b., A. Havand, Cbarontfj.-Curcior and Adet. 15\. Morning Light, B. s., 2,377, Jacob Gillies, Liver pool.-Lorimer, Marwood, and florae. 17\. 1'rcfCt Paul Fcurt, F. b., 409, P. Picard, Charente. -Bligh and Harbottlc. 10\. Nemesis, B. b., 444, J. Allen, Port Louis, Mauri- tius.-Joshua Brothers and Co. 10\. Lnnaikshlre, B. «., 1.430, Vf. M. Wilson, Greenock. -Holmes, White, and Co. 20\. Duko of Newcastle, B. s., 003, - Mackon-ie, Livor pool.-Bright Brothers and Co. 20\. Black Prince, B. s., Leith.-A. Mocfarlan and Co. 21\. Cathcrino Jano, A. h., 878, G. L. Burchet, Boäton, U.S.-Osborn, Cushing, and Co. Sept. C-EAUED OUT. 25\. Esmeralda, B. s., 1,188, Peter Meldrum, Callao. Holmes, White, and Co. 20\. Northam, B. s.s., 905, N. J. Skottowe, Point de Galle. — John Sparkes. 20, Antelope, B. b.,208, P. n. Nicholson, Colombo. Bright Brothers and Co. 30\. Kent, B. s., 1,100, Frcdk. Anderson, London. W. P. White and Co. 30\. Malakoff, B. »., 1,187, J. Vf. Jago, Callao.-Bright Brothers and Co. Oct. 3\. Envoy, B. b., 380, John Murphy, Calcutta. Captain Murphy. 4\. Omar Pasha, B. 8., 1,008, Thos. Honry, London, vii Geelong.-Dalgety and Co. 4\. Professor Van der Boon Mesch, D. s., 010, J. Von. Zantin, Batavia.-Wm. Crosby and Co. C. Joachim Christian, S. b., 487, P. Petersen, Cal- cutta.-Hacgo and Prell. 7\. Frankby, B. h, 487, Wm. Grihblo, Valparaiso. W. Harrison. 0\. Konagawa, D. b., 1,030, Vf. Ouwohand, Batavia. Wm. Crosby and Co. 0\. Wild Dayrell, B. se, 153, P. M. Darke, Colombo. -R. Towns and Co. 12\. Johu Eyston, B. b., 340, J. Wynn, Calcutta. fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 10\. Lady Egidia, B. s., 1,238, Wm. A. Curry, London, via Geelong.-Holmes, White, and Co. 10\. Melanie, F. b., 303, M. Le Ltonnaii, Modras.-P. W. Prell. 18\. Salada, B. b., 423, J. J. Legg, Calcutta.-S. De Beer. 10\. John L. Dlmmock, B. b.,^ 1,047, E. T. Lurney, Guam.-Bright Brothers and Co. 20\. Great Britain, B. b.s., 2,344, Lieut. John Gray,. R.N.R., Liverpool -Briirht Brothers and Co. 20\. Sehoatian Pot, D. b., 607, P. Van der Hoog, Ba- tavia.-O. Tondeur and Co. 20\. Warrior, B. s., 010, E. P. Johnson, Calcutta.-« Dodd and Thomson. 21\. Joshua Bates, B. a., 500, H. Walkor, Hong Kong. -Kong Meng and Co. 21\. Hannah Nicholson, B. b-, 252, Thos. Blcknell, Mauritius.-Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 23\. Cheribon, D. s., 058, A. M. Swartz, Guam.-Vic- toria Sugar Company. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE SEPTEMBER MAIL. Sept. 26. Northam, R.M.S.S., for Galle. Saloon : For King Georuo's Sound-Mr. Barker ; Ceylon-Professor» Bushell ond Belew ; Calcutta-Mr. and Mrs. Camp- bell ; Bombay-Colonel Conybeare ; Marseilles-Mr. and Mrs. Stewart, Messrs. J. C. Aitken, A. Thomson, and H. G. Dunkley. Sept. 30. Kent, for London. Cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Corbett, child, and servant ; Mr. and Mrs. Rigg, child, and servant ; Mr. and Mrs. ParsonB, Mrs. J. O. Hender-'J son, Mr. C. R. Pomona, Mr. Boyds, Mr. Gibb, Mr. E. S. Wilkins-, and Mr. Murray. Oct. 21. Great Britain, s.S., for Liverpool.-Saloon : Capt. Seward, Copt, and Mrs. M'Mahon, Mrs. Kay, Mrs. R. T. Blackwell, Miss Blackwell, Misa Moates, Mr. and. MrB. Bone, family (five), and two servants ; Rev. Mr. Parker, Mrs. Parker, family (two), and servant ; Miss Marr, Mrs. Warre, Miss Warre, Mr. snd Mrs. Briquet and child, Mr. Samuel Bright, jun., Mr. Russell, Miss Bussell, Mrs. Stewart, family (throe), and ser- vant ; MrB. Love and child, Mr. and Mrs. Little and < family (two), Capt. and Mrs. Beattie, Mr. Milne, Mr. and Mrs. Spencer Cooke, Mr. Williamson, Mr. Harrison, Capt. Jones, Dr. Newbold, Mr. and Master Taylor, Mr. Isaacs, Mr. Lovy, Mr. Sanders, Rev. Mr. Forde, Mr. Milne, Capt. Thompson, Mr. Pouch, Mr. Dunn, Mr. Plgot, Mr. Spalght, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sutbor- . land, Mr. Venables, Mr. Grieves, Mr. P. M'Mahon, Mr. Guinness, Mr. Abel, Mr. Anderson. Printed and published by Huon Gkorg«. »t TIES' Artous Office, Collins-ítreet, Melbourne, for Wi_so"J< and Macklnhon, proprietor*. 