vessels of her class afloat. The Sea King recently cleared out of the East India Docta, London, for Bomber, and was reported by oar last English advices to have shipped Captain Semmes at Funchal Bay, and subsequently to hare run on a rock and become a total wreck. The particulars which we subjoin show that these reports, though very inaccurate in detail, agree with the fact that the mining Sea King is the cruiser now represent* ing the Confederated States in these Southern -Seas. Besides thi«. as we hare said, the letters 'ing' are plainly to be seen on her head-boards, and her figure-head is a crowned monarch of the main. The Sea King, we may remark, is no stranger on the coast. She was employed last year ' by the Britwh Government to convey troops to .New Zealand, and made one of the shortest runs out to Auckland on record. A short history of the doings of the vessel doings which read like the old deeds of Drake and Raleigh ou the Spanish Main-will be' ac ceptable to our readers. On the 8th of October last, the fast new steamer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good complement of cabin passengers on ?board, 'likely-looking young men,' as the pilot pronounced them. Friday, the 14th of Octobe*. found the Laurel safely moored in Funchal Bay, Madeira. People there said she was a blockade runner So she was; but she had other work to perform in this instance. People wondered, too, that the passengers did not go on shore; but they were satisfied with ati explanation that they were 'Polish immigrants,' without money; some Poles, on their way to Richmond, having stopped there a few weeks previously, and having left with professions of total inability to pay the debts they incurred. On Monday, the 17th of October, a ship rigged vessel came into the harbour and steamed out again. This naturally excited suspicion. Next morning the vessel came in sight again. Utptain Waddell, it is facetiously said, nod an idea that she might be for sale, and therefore be steamed out after her with the LaureL Both vessels anchored in smooth water, on the east side of the island, both under the English nog. Here the strange ship was purchased— £43.000 is the price named ana here the Laurel transhipped ner cargo into her. The ship then stood out to sea, and when far beyond the neutral marine league « Japtain WaddeU suinmooed the crew aft, and read his commission afcommander of the Confederate sloop-of-war Sheuandoah, ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve the neutral regulations, not one of the packages received from the Laurel was broken. Cap tain WaddeU had only 23 men. all told, with him-a number which, after deducting officers, fitemeu, &c;, left him only five men in each watch; while the ship was uuarmed. and the packages having l-een hurriedly put on board everything was in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Kunning under topsails, the foresail, and the jibs by day-all the canvas the crew could work- -and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken as quickly aa possible to one of the 'calm spots' which exist in mid-ocean in the trades. Here it was felt that the ship was secure, a- no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, and it was not likely that cruisers would be looked fur in latitudes so unpro ductive of prey. The olficers took off their jackets, and all hands setting to work with a will, the ship was speedily cot in trim, and commenced her operations. The cruLsiiig-groand selected was in the track of vessels bound for the South American ports. On the 2S)th of October work was really com menced. In the morning r.yals and stun3aiU were set, in chase of a hanme. At 1 o'clock the chase was two miles dstant, English colours were shown, and the barque replied with the Yankee {lag. Confederate colours were then hoisted, and the barque was hove to and examined. Shu was the Alina, Staple*, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayrcs, with a cargo of rail way iron. After removing the crew and stores, scuttled her. The crew numbered ten men, eight of whom joined the Shenandoah. The cargo was valued at $:fi,U00; the barque, which was only six months old, at $511,000. On the 5th November Eteam was got up in chase of a large schooner. At half-past 5 a.m. fired a gun at her, when she hove to. She showed the stars and stripes. Proved to he the Charles Oak. Gillman. master, bound from Boston to San Francisco, with an assorted cargo. Supplied the ship with stores from her, including 2,000 lbs. weight of preserved tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, and also her sister, the widow of a Northern corporal killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladiea. Private property was respected, but 200 dollars found on the master were con fiscated. Captain Waddell gave the money, in the name of the Confederacy, to the masters wife, on hec promiiin!; that she would not restore it to her husband. Th& woman promised eagerly. Burnt the vessel, which was a new one. on the 7th of November, chased and captured the barque D. Godfrey, from Boston to Valparaiso, with a njiscelbneous cargo, including 4U0 ban els of beef and pork Burnt the ve&eL; Ten men of the crew entered for service with the Shenandoah. Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound for Bio. The brig took oil' two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of receiving a chronometer, a barrel of beef, and a liarrel of pork— all prize articles. At daylight on November 10 sighted the clipper bru Susan, bound to the Eiver Plate, with a cargo of coals. The Susan was scuttled at half-past It) a.m., and sank, bows first, bo perpendicularly that the main-truck was under the water while the stern was above the surface. On the evening of the 1 lth a ship was sighted from the masthead, on the port beam. Her bearings were taken, and a course shaped to cut her oil'. Proved to be the American ship Kate Prince, bound to Bahia, with 1,700 tons of coal. Cargo wa* sworn to be neutral: Captain Waddell there fore determined to bond the vessel. The captain having signed the bonds, the vessel was released; and the prisoners on board the Shenandoah. thirteen in number, were transferred to her. On November 13 the schooner Uzrie-if Stacej' was captured and burned. One of her crew was u negro, who met another captured uegro on board, a man he had parted with a few weeks back at a boarding house in New York. Their surprise was comical. November 24, signalled a barque with her inast headigone, but she would not answer. The Sbenandoah was then making 11 knots, under reefed topsails -a fact which proves her great speed. The. next day or so bore down, under all canvas and a full head of] steam, after a singulai ly rigged vessel, which proved to be an English man or-war. She took no notice of the chase. Is believed to be the corvette Brisk, now at Adelaide. [This is a mistake.] Without entering further into detail, it may be stated that the Shenandoah when she runs in chase displays any colours, English or French, and that her men sometimes dun blue shirts that their grey attire may not arouse sus picion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship during the daytime, and at nipht they are locked in the forecastle and handcuffed. The following is a correct list of the vessels captured and destroyed by the Shenandoah : — ? Alina, barque,— Staples, master, from- Akyab to Buenos Ayres, cargo of railway iron. Scuttled 29th October, iat ltf 47 N., long. Sf 1& W. Charter Oak. schooner, from Boston for San Francisco, assorted cargo. Burnt 5th November, Iat r 38' N., long. 27' 4!*' W. D. Godfrey, barque, — Holier, master, from Boston to Valparaiso, assorted cargo. Burnt 7th November. Iat. b- 28 N.. loug.2T t? W. Susan, brig, — Hansen. master, from New York to Kiver Plate. Scuttled lWh November, Iat. 4* 20' N.;-ng.2-f39'W. Kate Prince, for Bahia, neutral cargo (coals). Ship bonded 12th November. Adelaide, barque, of Baltimore, to River Plate, neutral cargo. Ship bonded for 23,000 dollars. Lizzie M. Stacey, schooner, New Yuik to Sand wich Island.', assorted carco. Burnt 13th Novem ber. Iat 1° 41/ N., long. 2S* 24' W. Edward, whaling vessel. Burnt 4th December, bt3T4rS.,long.l2J3tfW. Delphine, barque, from London for Akyab. Burnt 29th December, Iat. 29* IV S., long 8? K. All the American ships in the Bay have taken the alarm. Usually profuse in their display of bunting, they did tot yesterday allow the stars and stripes to flutter in the breeze at all, and one of their number hoisted a curious banner, said to be the Ionian flag. Though Captain Waddell was not apprised of the determination of the authorities until late in the afternoon, and was averse to throwing his vessel open before, the applications were so numerous that he gave way, and from 1 o'clock the ship was th'onged. All the boats in the Bay weie out, and two steamers were also engaged conveying passengers. The wind was high, and one sailing-boat in rounding to capsized, but fortunately assistance was at hand, and hei four passenger* were picked up. The visitors showed their Southern sympathies by cheering the vessel heartily as they took their departure from her. -—---— ========= THE CONFEDERATE WAB-STEAMEB 8HENANDOAH. IFrom the Armu of January 27.1 The Confederate fsloop-of-w&r; Bhuiundoah re mains quietly anchored in Hobsun's IJuy, Our warlike visitor has obtained a recognition from the authorities, and will now stay here a few day* lo coal and to euuet repairs uctoiu proceeding to sea in search of fresh prey and new adventures. The commander of the vessel, Captain Waddell, courteously allows the public to visit tier, and our citizen* have already manifested much cajjerues* to inspect one of those noted cruUers which are destroying an ciiemy'H commerce, and have fairly levolut ionized naval waifare. Sir Charles Durlinjc on receiving the formal re quest forwarded by Captain Waddell immediately upon Ills arrival, summoned a mcellnn of the Executive for 11 o'clock on Thursday 'tnorniiiK. There was a full attvuunceof the Cabinet, and no anxious were the Government to preserve the neutrality of the port, that, though the in»truc tions received from England arc explicit and full, more thun two houra were hpi-nt in deliberation before a decision was arrived at. Captaia Waddell applied ior leare to coal, to provision, ind to effect repairs to Ins machinery, which he alleged was seriou»ly out of order. The- rcBulatioiw name 48 hours us Die limit of a vessel's «Uy, hut this term can be mindd to allow her to repair bonA ride diuuayeti. The Ministers, there/ore, felt at liberty to accede to the request : but they re quired Captain Waddell Uj rcimit the repairs hi* ship ueedeil, that their own otliccrx mitflit judge the time that ouyht to be allowed him. Cuptaia Waddell wis notitied, also, that he could not be permitted to leave [tort within 2-1 hours of the departure of any American vessel. A further request made, (or permission to land prisoners, wan not acceded m, but fuller information was asked for. We understand, however, that this point has been satibfactotiir aud expeditiously solved by the 'captives' quietly lauding ou our BhoreB. The Shcnandouh had with her. as itmrmem. eight men, beside* Captain .NichoUs, maaiti ul the Delphine, Mrs. Nicnoll.*, and the gtowraim. The men went ushorc, but the ladies were taken to the Jeannie Payne, an American ship lying in tha Hay, and it in said that their fervently-expressed! wishes were not for the welfare of their captors. ? The Hhermndoah is u handsome smart-] ookixnt full-listed Mcain sloop, of 1.2U0 tons register, lilted with a lifting screw and engines of 240 horse power. Built for the mercantile service, the lookfl a merchantman, though the guni which uow peep irom her sides tell unmistakably of her changed character; and tlie gay (lug at the gall'-a cross of stars in a ltd square on a white ground— leaves no duubt as to her nationality, bhe has a lino sweep. „ of upper ileck, on which she carries her armament. This consists of four smooth-bore (jS- pounders, aui two :W-pouuder rifled Whitworthx, together with two smooth-bore 18 pounders, used principally as signal guiiB. Her battery, it will bo seen, is not a large one, though the guns which t-he has are of the first class— t»r b'S-jKjunderu are accounted the best ot' 8mooth-l»ores, and the rifled VVhitworths possess a ranpe of above three miles. The oflicem have comnic- uious quarters iu the old ' saloon,' the captain has possession of the two roomy stern cabins, and the prizes have supplied more than a manof war's allowance of furniture. The 'tween-decks are unusually lofty— eyht feet iu height— cud »» there are no guns below, the crew have a great lofty Bpivce reserved for their use. Cushioned seats, a work-table, and other like spoiU of the enemy, fi^Tire below as well as above. The vessel went lo bea with barel- a Bufh'cjent crew to work her, and though she has pickeir up many men from her jiria-s, yet she is Htill hhort-handed, her total uiusler burnt! only 75 men. Captain Waddell is the very representative of the frank seaman associated with all our ideas of nautical matters, ami he is fcurpri.smglj young-lookine, considering that, he is uu ollicer of £i years' standing in tbe United States navy. He held a commission when the secession took place, but at once resigned aud h-ft, to tight the battles of his native North Carolina. Her officers al&o; make a fuvouriible impression on all who meet tluni. They are mostly young men, though some of them have seen service in the Alabama. Mr. J. S. liullock, the master, was master*, Mr. O'Brien, the engineer, was assistant- engineer ; and Mr. W. B. Mnith, paymaster, was captuin's clerk on board that far-famed cruiser, and were in bur that fatal Sunday when Captain ScinmeB showed his 'pluck' uud lost his ship. As to the crew, they aic crrtuinly not the men one would expect to meeton board— not men whom the 'vile blows nnd bullets of the world' have led to set their lives on any chance; on the contrary, most of them are Englishmen of decent appearance, while there :-re also spine smart Americans, anil two or three sleek-looking necrueB. The men ere fed well and paid well ; and they one and all &a;r that they like the service and believe in their com mander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, thi- dress of the officew not being at all unlike the ono worn a few years back by the Victorian Volunteer Force. As 'regards the ship, she is declared to b«i remarkably fast both under Bteain and canvas— '«k lmii.1 ID knot buat.' There is no doubt that she is ulentiii'iil with the Clyde built Chinebe steam clipper tiea Kin& kuowu to be one of the fastest 