SATURDAY, FEBRUARY11, 1806. In tbe Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Mr. Edwauds moved for leave to introduce a bill to regulate the admission of barristers. The objtct of the measure, ho observed, was to allow persons studying for the bar to be engaged in bugin 3ss during the period of study. Mr. Biqikbotham intimated that it was hie infen lion, pursuant to tho request of the bar generally, te introduce a bill on the subject at an early period, and therefore he did not tee tho pressing urgency for action on the part of a private member. However, he would not oppose tho motion. After reniuikB from Mr. Lavey, Mr. Michie, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Carpenter, and Mr.Ritnsay, leave was given, and the bill was brought in and read a firet time. Mr. Levey moved a resolution declaring the inexpediency of allowing any person to dig or search for gold in any of the parks or public reserves around Melbourne. Mr. Sullivan opposed the motion, which he held to be peifectly out of place, unless It could bo shown thut tho Mining department had been injudiciously administered. If a sufficient quantity of gold to justify workings fcbou'.d be found around Melbourne, hewoald feil warranted in giving his sanction to uilLirg opérations, at the same time taking caic that no unneceEBaiy damage was done to the public reserves. The motion was withdrawn. Mr. L. L, Smith proposed a resolution alii i ming the expediency of imposing a land tax. He contended that the present system of taxation wits unequal, unjust, and calcu- lated to retard the progress of the country ; and that a far better plan for raising a revenue than resorting to Castoras duties would be to levy a land tax, which, at 3d. in tho pound, if limited to the rateable pro- pel ty in municipalities and road districts, would yield £375,000 per annum. One re- commendation of such an impost was that it would be a tax on absentees. Mr. Verdon opposed the motion. The effect of the scheme would be to prevent the viry object which the Land Bill sought to secure, namely, agricultural settlement. Lend was already taxed,for local objects, bld it would be utterly inconsistent with the policy of the country to impose an additional tax on land lor general purposes. After a short dkcussion, the motion was withdrawn. The Eonse adjourned at twenty-five minutes to seven o'clock until Tuesday ni x1. The arrival of tho mail may bo con- sidered as' opportune for the Ministry. It cannot, however, divert public atten- tion from their suicidal policy. Deep as is our interest in European politics, wo will not allow ourselves to lose sight, even for a day, of matters which are of immediate interest to us. "We there- fore discuss in another column the tariff, which continues to present matter for constant denunciation, while in this wo advert to the news which has reached us from Europe. J First ia importance to us, because of our direct and intimate connexion with her, ia tho intelligence which comes to us from England. Wo have causo for gratitude that the news is upon the whole of a satisfactory character. The " shipping chronicle presents, indeed, a list of wrecks appalling Hinuniber,nolessthan seventy-one occurring in a single week,and as it would appear from the telegram, one in the list, the Floating Light, from Bom- bay, lost all hands and a cargo valued at £200,000. We must also except from the generally favourable news, the obituary of greater length than usual. Among the names on the death-roll is that of the Earl of Carlisle, who has closed a career marked throughout by a genuine sympathy with all that was libe- ral and benevolent in tendency, and by a consistent course in the public service, which will entitle him to a grateful and honourable mention by the historians o£ the era in which he lived. With these exceptions, the intelligence which comes to us is generally cheering. Public credit seems to have been perfectly re- stored, and the distress in Lancashire is decreasing. Before passing on, however, we must advert, and in the way of warn- ing, to the news which we have by the telegraph of the frauds discovered in the savings banks. It would appear from tht two items of news placed in juxta- position, that the post- office savings banks have afforded the opportuni- ties for the perpetration of these frauds. Perhaps the warning reaches us in time to prevent us from committing ourselves to a system under which so few securities can be taken against persons of dishonest character. Turning our attention to France, we perceive that she is bound over to good behaviour by the deficiency in her public Treasury. When we read of her naive proposal for a general disarmament we can scarcely be wrong in imputing it to this cause. With her passion for military glory, and especially under the Imperial regime, it would be unreasonable to impute the dimi- nution in her forces to any cause less cogent than this. The resort to loans to cover the chronic deficiency in her exchequer, is a desperate expedient, and one which was sure at last to bring her Ministers to a pause. We do not wonder at M. Fotjld's delay in making his financial statement. Another public loan will in all probability be initiated, and in order to float this with proba- bility of success, promises, at least, of retrenchment must bo made. L'Empire est paix, will probably be the Beeret of the Emperob's future policy, not because he has abated his pretensions to bo the arbiter of the destinies of Europe, but because ho will not be. able to play at the expensive game of war. It is not unlikely that the abrupt settlement of the Roman question by Napoleon was precipitated by the revelations made to him of the state of his treasury. Under these circumstances, the English Cabinet will not bo compelled to make any extraor- dinary efforts to complete the system of national defences commenced a few years ago. We are further informed in our tele- gram that the two great German powers are in a state little short of open hostility to each other. The two vultures are quarrelling over their prey. Prussia claims an hereditary right to the Duchies. The Prussian robber deslíes to quarter on his shield a nsw device emblematic of his bloody victory over his Danish neighbour. If his studies in heraldry do not lead him to the adop- tion of some symbol expressive of robbery, violence, and cruelty, it will not be be- cause the chronicles of the year do not furnish facts strong enough to guide him in his researches. But before Prussia can establish her pretensions, Austria must be conciliated. Watching each other, as they have done for a long period, as jealous rivals, they " can be brought to agree only owing to the consciousness which Austria must entertain of her inability to coerce her opponent. The hour has passed in which it would have been possible for France and England effectually to intervene. The partition of Denmark will stand on record in the history of Europe side by side with the partition of Poland, as a great wrong, which, however, we must content ourselves with simply denoun- cing, since England is impotent to avenge it. The American news may have been in some measure anticipated. The military and monetary items are, as usual, the points of attraction. America is a mighty continent, and Americans are a mighty people ; and it is only in accord with their dimensions, and pro- bably in harmony with their feelings, that they should fight and run into debt on a scale commensurate with their physical proportions. With institutions too voluminous to be intelligible-with interests too big for creation-it is not to be wondered at that their armies number millions of men, and their liabi- lities billions of dollars. Such figures are worthy of a great people's arith- metic. The contents of the first tele- gram aro considerably modified by the latest intelligence. On this occasion the events of the one appear to pre- pare the way for the consummation of the other. The Confederates were evidently regulating their tactics, with a view to lead up to some such catas- trophe as that which the latest dospatch records. While the Federal General Sherman pushe3 his way through every obstacle to the fortifications of Savannah, another Federal General Thomas is en- countered at Nashville, and defeated with a loss of 15,000 prisoners and thirty guns. Grant and Lee are mean- time watching each other. Territorially speaking, there seems to be an accession on both sides. Maryland declares foi the Northerners, and Georgia is rescued for the South. In a more distant field of operation events aro occurring which threaten to widen very considerably the area of disturbance. The allusion ir the telegram to tho action of the Con- federates in Canada, once more threatens to agitate the delicate issues of inter national obligation ; and if it be trm that France has taken offence at President Lincoln's natural anxiety about renenl doings in Mexico, it is just possible that after all, the settlement of the great civil war may -be indirectly brought about by the aid of diplomacy. Till then Mr. Lincoln fights, and Mr. Messenden pays. We are glad to learn the determina- tion of the British Government to carry on the New Zealand war to a decisive termination. It is too lato now to dis- cuss the causes which led to its com ménèement. Compelled, as wo were, to embark in it, it must be plain, we think, to everyone that it is not now at our option to discontinue it until the native races acknowledge British supremacy, and sufficient hostages are taken against the recurrence of another outbreak. From the intelligence we published in our issue of yesterday, it is plain that our painful task is not yet completed. The Maories aro only watching for their opportunity to recom- mence hostilities. It would be folly, therefore, to withdraw our forces, or even to suspend military operations, until tho subjugation of the native race is complete. That the question of transportation to Western Australia is finally settled, is clear from the announcement that the Englißh papers have ceased oven to discuss the topic. It is not at all surprising that the public are beginning to entertain very serious doubts about " the great amount " of calculation and wisdom which the " Government has employed in the con " struction of the tariff." Even the " intuition" of that far-seeing politician Mr. Kyte, who tells us that he was guided by that elusive faculty to the conclusion, fails to convince minds less sensitive to nervous impressions than his own, that " great care had been " expended on its preparation." The truth seems to be, that there was no preparation at all, that the figures which Mr. Fbancis, with a natural pride, claims to be " the result of his " own estimates and deductions," were dotted down without premeditation or system, to fill up the document which appears to have imposed on the Sweden borgian instincts of the visionary member forEastMelbourno. It is very certain that the tariff as it has been put out of hand by the Assembly is not the original tariff which Mr. Kyte " hoped, as soon as he " saw it, tho Government would stick " to." Such an attempt at Parliamen- tary transformation has not been offered to the amusement of the public since Mr. Miciiie introduced the pantomime into Victorian politics. The great draw- back to the success of the exhibition in other respects has been the clumsiness of some of the principal actors. Mr. Vekdon, for instance, has been at no pains to make a mystery of the process by which he shifts from one character to another, while Mr. Higinbotham has performed the rule assigned him as though he never heard that the highest achievement of art is to conceal art. There was no effort on the part of themselves or their colleagues to hide their weaknesses and imper- fections. In spite of Mr. Kyte's " in " tuition," they surrendered the tariff, on which so much wisdom had been wasted, piece by piece, and only bargained that it should be mutilated in detail. Of the policy of their conduct, they probably are the best judges, but there can be no question about ita being unconstitu- tional. Of what use is Parliamentary government, government, that is, by a re- sponsible Ministry, if it is to produce results such as have just been witnessed 1 Of what use is a Cabinet at the head of affairs, if it is to have no policy of its own, if it has to beg its principles night after night from whatever section of the House can be induced to suggest them? Coalitions are useful and ne- cessary adjuncts in the machinery of representative government j but are we to have conspiracies formed at the ex- pense of all political virtue for the express purpose of tyrannizing over a minority, which, unfortunately for itself, is not gifted with such a pliable con- science, and is therefore unable to sacri- fice its principles to its apprehensions 1 It can no longer be disputed that in an elective assembly it is quite possible for two parties, small in numbers, and smaller still in intelligence, to band together so successfully a3 to neutralize the action of at least one-third of the people's representatives. Tho de- bate during the last week might on this score supply material for self justification to a despot. The only sec- tion of the House that may be said to have had any voice in transacting its business was the Corner. Scarcely a Minister has dared to whisper his own convictions. Scarcely a proposition has issued from the Ministerial benches that has not been prefaced or followed by an humble apology, and a willingness to relinquish it, if the Corner objected to it. It would be amusing, if the subject were a less serious one, to watch the wretched shifts to which a Cabinet of independent men can condescend. All through the debate there was only one tone, the tone of helplessness and ser- vitude. Mr. Francis, it is well known, was the first to Btart his advocacy of the Government scheme by a stern de- nunciation of ad valorem, duties. They were too immoral, wo were told, to bo entertained by a Ministry of which Mr. Higinbotham is a member, and they were more unprofitable as a source of revenue, owing to the difficulties of collection and tho facilities of evasion, than any other mode of assessment. Yet Mr. Francis and his colleagues are the first to propose an ad valorem duty. But this inconsistency is the least prominent feature of the atlair. Not only do the Ministry vote, on a resolution to impose in ad valorem duty, but being beaten on their vote, they turn round, and vote on the other side for the amendment on which they were defeated. This may be according to May, but the question is, is it in harmony with the spirit of the constitution ? Is it com- monly decent that a Ministry, finding itself at the mercy of its enemies, should join them to betray its friends Ï Of course the tone of the conquerors rose to the occasion, and oven Mr. Kyte's favourable "intuition" could not restrain him from insolently warning the composers of the tariff, on which so much wisdom had been spent, that " if " the Protectionists wera disposed to be " friend them this once they must not " consider it a precedent." They must not, in fact, look for so much considera- tion always from the chivalry of tho Corner. It is not to bo wondered at, we repeat, if the public mind is taking alarm at this monstrous innovation in the cou stitution, and beginning to look to another placo for redress. The Council, in fact, is master of the situation ; and there is no disguising tho feeling that ia abroad, that to the Council wo must again appeal to stand in the gap, and pro "" tect us from themischief that threatens to0.0"1 overwhelm Parliamentary government. That body has been termed obstruc- tionist ; but in no better sonse, and iu no better service, could it put its ob- structive powers in force. As an elec- tive chamber, it is bound to listen to the remonstrances of public despair, and interfere to save the country. It re- presents the wishes and votes of a large constituency, and thero is every reason to believe that on the present occasion its constituency will be almost coterminous with the entiro population. It has some lost prestige to recover, it is true ; but if it has the courage of even such a nominated body as that of Sydney, it will not, wo engage, want the opportunity to do tho community a kindness that it will not easily forget. But one course is open by law to tho Upper House. It must either reject the budget, or pass it in its integrity. It cannot amend it, even if the task were possible, In clause 56 of the Constitution Act ita privileges in this direction are de- fined with unusual distinctness :-" All " bills for appropriating any part of tlio " revenue of Victoria, and for imposing " any duty, rate, rent, tax, return, or " impost, shall originate in the Assembly " and may be rojectcd, but not altered, " by the Council." We need not search after this for precedents in May. The Legislative Assembly had yesterday a two honra' sitting, which was devoted to the consideration of three motions-the first, by Mr. Edwards, for leave to bring in a bill to regulate tho admission of barristers ; tho second, by Mr. Levey, against mining in public reserves around Melbourne ; the third, by Mr. L. L. Smith, in favour of the imposi- tion of a land tai. Mr. Edwarda'a mofcioa was carried ; tho two others were with- drawn. Mr. Dane has given notice of his in- tention to move, on the resumption of tho discussion of the tariff, the imposition of a duty of 10s. per ton on potatoes importod into the colony, Very little progress was made with tha Sandridge election petition yesterday. In the case of an elector named Loogcrofr, who voted for Mr. Moore under an elector's right issued by virtue of a residential qualiâcatlon, though he had caused to reside in the district for several months before the election, tho committee decided that the voto should not bo Btiuck off tho poll. Thoy, however, gave no specific decision on the abstract legal question which the case raised. On riding, the committee adjourned until Wednesday. A deputation from Geelong, introduced by Mr. Brown, M.L.A., and Mr. Cunningham, M.L.A., had an interview with the Chief Secretary yesterday, on the subject of the Botanic-gardens at Geelong, Their object was to ask Mr. M'Culloch to place the sum of £1,000 on the Supplementary Estimates for 1865, for these gardens. Mr. Douglass (of Messrs. Douglass, De Little, and Co.), on be- half of the deputation, stated that there had always been money voted for the gardens since their establishment, and if Government assistance were now withdrawn it would be impossible to maintain the gardens in their present condition. From 1854 to 1859 £1,500 a year had been given; from 1859 to 1862, £2,000 a year had been voted, and from that year to 1865 the vote had been at the rate of £1,000 a year. The amount so voted was expended in the payment of wages, the purchase of gravel and seeds, and gene- rally in the way of keeping the gardens in good order. Mr. M'Culloch reminded the deputation that it had been distinctly inti- mated that last year's vote would be the last put upon the Estimates for gardens for country districts. He had himself stated so unmistakably in the House, and therefore it would ho impossible for the Government to place a sum on the Estimntes this year. The deputation urged that the notice, of the intention to vote no more money had not been sufficient, and that the trustees of the gardens had gone on with the work before them as if they were still to receive aid from Government. Mr, M'Culloch held that sufficicnt notice had been given; be- sides, Geelong had no greater claim than Bal- larat, or Sandhurst, and other country dis- tricts, to a vote for its gardens, He did not see that the deputation could make out any case for a grant, and certainly the Govern- ment were not in a position to place a sum on the Estimates. The deputation continued to urge their point for some time, but the Chief Secretary adhered to his determina- tion. He added that he did not see why the gardens could not be carried on without assistance from the Government. He recom- mended the deputation to visit the Lands department, and ascertain what parks were intended to share in the vote on the Esti- mates for public parks, with the view of see- ing whether they could not secure a share of it. The deputation then withdrew. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. Holds- worthy and J. Cohn, were introduced yester- day to the Hob. Minister of Mines by Mr, Howard, M.L.A, their object being to repro Ecnt the desiro of the miners of the White Hills, Epsom, and Huntly to obtain a grant of money to be spent in pipes to supply Bendigo-fiat and Epsom with water from tho Grassy-flat reservoir. After a long dis- cussion, Mr. Sullivan said, the reservoir being leaBed, the matter was out of his control ; but he would endeavour to get a portion of tho vote for water- supply spent for the relief of tho miners generally in these and other dis- tricts. In reply to a deputation, introduced by Mc6eib. Snodgrass and Sands, M.L.A.'e, yes teiday, the Hon. Commissioner of Roads and Bridges consented to send a surveyor to re- port on the propriety of a road from Tulla- roop to King Parrot Creek, which would be- so it was stated-fifty miles shorter than tho Longwood route. -fui*' A «pedal raeotiDg of the Collingwood (C,. >» mining Company was held last evening in Mac's Hotel, Smith-street, for the purposo of ciectiDg a manager in the place of Mr. Maconochie, resigned, to consider the pro pileiy of regiÉlering the company under Fraztr's A c1, to receive a report from tho directors, and other business. Mr. Graham Beny presided. There was a large ottend ance, and for a time the spirit of combative Bess vas largely developed on pointe not formally before the meeting, but ¿he tact ot tbo chairman succeeded at lengthin showing that there was substantially no difference oi bpitioD. The progress ropott stated that th ) dirfctois had proceeded with the allotment of shares on the principle of giving in pro- portion to the holding« in the company ; and GOO were allotted, leaving about 280 still in the hands of the directors. The requisite steps had been taken to Beture leases of the Crown land, and the money had been do posited. The report went at length into tho differences which bad arisen with tho con- tractor, including the receut proceedings at the Collingwood Police Court, in reference to vjbich it was stated ti at Mr. Glanville had commenced en action for falso imprisonment againBt '*,e director who gavu him In chargo. The cñ^'ñlctor ttill hold possession of tho shaft, Veil tie dirtctoiB only waited an opinion'67 counsel befoio tnking immediato steps to fjict him, in order to proceed with the work. The report was unanimously ap- proved ; and, after tome'complimentary allu- sions to the services of Mr. Maconochie, the late manager, it waa resolved that Mr. "Wright should bo appointed to the post for threo weeks till tho Borvicea of a suitable person vv ere pi rmatK ntly obt ainedrlt was also resolved that the ncccsBory sfcepB should be taken to bring the company under the operation of Frazers Act. Mr. E. WjlJ was appointed auditor. After the close of tho formal busi- ness, explanations were madeby Mr. Randall, adinetor, on the one side, und Mr. Glanville, the centractor, on the other. The latter having asserted that he could not obtain his rncnty regularly, Mr. Eaudnll assured the meeting tuat, so far from that being the casa ho bad actually himself advanced £50 for tho contractor'ri Bpeclal accommodation, and held his acknowledgement. Thealteicationhaving assumed a fiery chat acter, tho meeting was brought to an abrupt termination at a lato hoar. A general mooting of tho shareholders in the Fiiebeig Silver Smelting and General Mining Company, carrying on operations at St. Arnaud, was held yesterday, at the officoi in William-street ; Mr. John Benn in tho chair. Tho directors' repoit stated that tho present company bad commenced business by purchasing tho mining lease, buildings, and plant of tho Alpha Oompnny, and others adjoining, at St. Arnaud. During the whole pcriodlsince they had been at work the com- pany bad expended, in current expenses, apart from their investment in mining IcaBcs and plant, £2,490 3a., chiefly in pro- specting the ground, sinking Bhafta, &c.; Thoy had raised stone which, when crushed, had yielded a retain of £1,123 lls. 9d. The balance of current expenditure ovor revenue was £1,283, but a considerable por- tion would be gradually recovered from tho future woiklng of the mines. Tho directors congratulated the shareholders on the pos- session of 350 acres of auriferous ground, and their present efficient appliances for working them. Reports from the mines gave satisfactory accounts of the progress of opera- tions. The balance-sheet showed capital £24,420, and on the credit side, property, plant, &c;, £22,630 ; debts considered good, for which the company hold no security, £1,286 la. 4d. ; cash at bank, £560 83. lid. The report was adopted, and directors woro unanimously re-elected, and a vote of thanks paised to them for their successful manage- ment of tho company's affairs daring the past jear. TLe adjourned general meeting of share- holders in the Donnelly's (North Gipps Land) Quartz-mining Company was held at the Fort Phillip Olub Hotel, Flinders street, last even log, Mr. S. Masters presiding. The financial itatement, which was not completed in time for the meeting held on the previous week, was submitted, and, after a careful examina- tion, adopted, the accounts having boen audited by Messrs. Dulah and Amos. The report of the manager concerning the con dition of tho mine, on which no action had been taken at the last meeting was, on tho present ccciBion, unanimous!; adopted. Tho following were elected a com mittce of management until the next genera meeting ¡-Messrs. S. Masters, C. F. Nicholls Ii, Amos, W. Hogg, and W. Daieh. A genera and protracted conversation then took placo chiefly relative to the business to be taker Into consideration at an extraordinary meet Ing of shareholder?, to ba hold on Frida] next, the prevalent opinion expressed bein) strongly in favour of raising ut least £1,00! of extra capital. After the usual complimen to the chair, tho meeting closed. The annual meeting of the members of the Victorian Phonetic Society was held last evening, at the Mechanics' Institute; Mr. B. C. Harriman in the chair. The committee's report and balance-sheet were read by the secretary, showing that the society numbered about fifty members, and that the receipts for the year had defrayed the expenditure, and left a balance of £2 7s. 9d. in hand. The report having been adopted, the meet- ing discussed the proposition of resuming the publication of the Phonograpic News. It was considered that the publication of this periodical was almost essential to the giving due effect to the objects of the society. The number of names re- quired for the publication had been either subscribed or promised, and the meeting re- solved that the periodical should be resumed, and that it should be printed in the form of Pitman's Tenth Edition. The following office bearers were then elected for the ensuing year :- President, Mr. B. C. Harriman ; vice presidents, Mr. R. L. J. Ellery and Mr. Thos. Reed; treasurer, Mr. G. W. Sims; secretary, Mr. Jas. G. Kidgell; assistant secretary and librarian, Mr. W. Gillett ; and a committee consisting of Messrs. J. Lyell, S. Armstrong, P. Miller, D. Cummings, W. Farquhar, and W. Lennox. This concluded the business of the meeting. A scratch match will be played to-di cn the Melbourne Bowling-green, coi tnencing at half-past three p.m. The mot lew as they arrive on the ground are to ^allotted for, and new rinks will be made 1 fiom time to time if necessary, so that i member may bo kept out of play while the is room on tho green. The match will c enpy two boura. The head-quarters band will play this aft* noon, from four to six o'clock, in the Fitzrc gardens. The following is the programme : Grand march, Gallinck; quadrille, "Marier Helmuth; Bolectlon,"BohemianGirl," Ball overture, "Der Freischütz," Weber; wall 'The Stars of tho West, " Montague ; selectic 'Marino Fallero," Donizetti; galop, "Ro: Hen," Kühner. At the weekly meeting of the Executi Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Sociei mW yesterday, the superintendent made t following return ¡-Number of inmates in t nome, as reported last week, 188'; admitt ance, 87 ; parsons who havo received 01 (loor relief, 217, or 58 families. Total »eved,/490. Discharged from the hoi i "a wcek. 96- Total at press temamiug, 177. Number Btonobreaking, oakom.picklng,15. The supoiintondent of the Benevoh «Jlnm acknowledges a donation of paaol Horn Mrs. Butte«, for tho uso of the : mates. The treasurer of the Benevolent Asyli eckno« ledge, tho sum of £2 from " W.," o'« of tha funds of that institution. I Jue treasurer of the Melbourne Hoapl ««.noMedg«« the receipt of £10 from I «?»liman 0f tho Dandenong District Be «aid ; and £5 nora Mr. J. M. W. Thomp» of tho Union Bank, being a donation from a digger who had found a nugget weighing 96oe. 8dwt. in an abandoned hole. A fire broke out yesterday morning, about one o'clock, In an unoccupied wooden house in Coquette etieot, Geelong, which speedily communicated with tho wooden two-story house adjoining, occupied by a Mr. Molineux, and both wore destroyed, in spite of the exertions of the two Aro brigades. As usual, there is no clue to be had to the origin of the fire. Tho property is reported to belong to a Mr. Munroo, an eDgineor, bat he is out of town, and it is not known whether It is in- sured or not An Inquest was held yesterday, at EaBt Collingwood, by Mt. Candler, upon the body of a child named Siphon Merrick, aged nearly three months, son of Stephen Merrick, a hawker. On the previous afternoon, the mother of deceased laid him down on tho bed to sleep. She went to him a short time after, and found him dead. Dr. Haddon, who had made a post-mortem examination of tho body, attributed death to convulsions from corebral irritation, and the jury found a verdict to that effect. The business in the County Court yester- day presented no feature of interest. In de- fended cases there was tho usual amount of coarse badgtring and bullying of witno33es by men in stuff gowns and horse-hair, who obtain 'a field for the display of their gifts in this court. ' A charge of assault, in which the damages were laid at £10, was heard at the St. Kilda Police Couit yesterday. The defendant, John Bourke, did not seek to deny the charge; and the Bench, after brief consideration, awarded half the amount of damages claimed, together with £1 1b. costs. A complaint brought against another defendant, for making use of abusive and threatening language, was dis- missed, with 10s. 6d. coats. Several actions for tho recovery of petty debts wero also ad- judicated on. At tho Williamstown Police Court yoäter doy, beforo Messrs. Call and Mason, a Bea- man named Thomas Lewis was brought up fordeserting from thebarqueE. Shun. The cap- tain of the vessel stated that ho did not wish to press the prosecution, and the prisoner was discharged. Francis Wetheridge, a man in the employ of Messrs, W. and G. White, was fined 10s., and Sa. costs, for romoving soil from off Crown lands. A woman named Bridget Porry was summoned for using abusive and insulting language to one Ellen O'Keefe, on Wednesday last. The offence was proved by the complainant's husband and a Mrs. LaweoD, who were both present at the timo. The Bench sentenced tho de- fendant to eight hours' imprisonment, and or doied her to pay 6s. costs. The Benoh ordered distress- warranta to be issued against George Deven and Joseph Easton. Eliza- beth Adams summoned T. W. Hodgson for deserting his illegitimate child. After hear- ing the case, the Bench made an order for the defendant to pay 7s, a week, and re- quired him to produco one surety of £10 that the payments would be regularly made ; in addition to 'Which, Hodgson was ordered to pay £3 3s. costs, and £3 3s. for the child's maintenance during the list four months. Intelligence reached Geelong yesterday of the death of a man named Tomlinson, a miner, at Morrison's diggings, who was killed on the previous day by a quantity of earth falling on him in a drive. The steamer Bangatira, with the South Australian portion of the European mails, arrived at Glenelg at two p.m. yesterday, after a long passage, occasioned by the breaking down of her machinery, of 117 hours from King George's Sound. Sho reports that the Bombay, with the homeward mails, reached the Sound at six p.m. on the Slst ult. The Northam, with the December mail from Europe, left Galle about nine o'clock on the 22nd ult., and arrived at the Sound soon aftei one o'clock p.m. on the 5th inst., having had fine weather during the whole of the passage. Onr Sydney dates are to the 7th inst. The Eerala gives the following as the latest bush ranging intelligeneo :-"Ben Hall's gang or Monday or Tuesday last paid a second visil to Mr. Warn's, on the Crookwell, and again stole the horse Young Waverley. On Wed needay they stopped Mr. William Chisholm'f gardener near Merrila, and took from him ai much fruit as they could eat. He had onlj some silver about him, which they allowed hin to keep. Gilbert afterwards called at Mr. Chis holm's forge, and made the blacksmith shoe hil horse, for which he gave him 10s. The anima was recognized as Young Waverley. liai and Dunn waited in a gully close by, and dit not look in at the forge. On Friday last Hal and his gang Btuck-up tho village of Murrum bab, or Paddy's River, consisting of ten o twelve houses, eighteen milos on the Goul burn side of Berrima. They stayed the bos part of tho night carousing. Particulars ar not yet to hand. A party of police were a Marulan, twelve miles distant, but were no aware of what was going on, and left on th morning before news reached the township. A telegram from Berrima, dated Saturday the 4th inst., says : -" Gilbert, Hall, and Dum made their appearance at Paddy's River o: Friday, and stuck up a number of people This morning they went to Kelly'a public house, eight miles from Berrima, sticking u all they met. They took all the monoy t be had thoro, also a saddle. The police ai out in pursuit." By way of Sydney wo have Aucklan journals to the 1st inst. The news has bee: anticipated by telegraph. It will be seen by our Queenscliff telegram that another ship, the Southern Ocean," has arrived at the Heads with fever on board. She has had thirteen deaths during the voyage. Fourteen steerage passengers are to be landed at the Quarantine Station, and th ship is to bo cleaned before being released. We have received, via Sydney, onr files from Brisbane to the 3rd inst., and from Rock- hampton to the 31st ult. There is no intell gence of Importance. A magisterial inquiry (says the Feder Standard of Wednesday) waa held yesterda at Albury, before Captain Brownrigg, on ti body of tho reputed Earl of Stafford. D ceased had been working as a labonring mc in this colony for some years, but intelligent received by the last mail from England li to the belief that the death of a relative hi left him heir io £13,000 a-yoar, with the tit of Earl of Stafford. William PoBt, squatte of Cookendino, deposed that he had knot' deceased for five or six years under the nan of Wilfred Stafford Cholmondely Perre The deceased had been suffering from disea of the heart, and the magistrate stated I opinion that that disooso was the cause death. A romantic affair is reported in tho Bon Postas having just taken place in the Uti village of Howlong. It appears that a you man of respectable connexions, andeducat as a chemist, has for the lost four years ha ostler at Boyle's Hotel. He became attaoh to a joung woman in Mr. Boyle's empk but on seeing her haimlessly larking wi Eome bo) s from Bowler's station, ho beear tormented by jealousy. Ho procured a revoh and loaded It. Seizing tho opportunity wh no men wero about the place, he intimated the lady that ho had como to kill her, ai was taking the pistol from his pocket, wh the gill ran into a bedroom with anott young woman, Both women screamed heartily, but the would-be murderer burst in the door, and ftrod the revolver at the girl. Fortunately the bullet was too small for the barrel, and he bad omitted to put In any wads. However, the diechargo Bet uro to the young woman's jacket, and blackened her shoulder. The alarm being now given, the man ran to the well, and was in the act of drinking off a doso of strychnioo he had mixed, when Mr. Bojlo rushed up, and dashed tho cup from his lips. To-night Mr. Shiel Barry, an Irish come- dian of whom report speaks most favourably, will appear, for the first time in Melbourne, at tho Theatre Royal ¡ and the famous Len- ton Troupe will give their farewell per- formance at the Haymarket Theatre. 