THE CONFEDERATE WAR STEAA1ER SHENANDOAH. We are indebted to the A rgus for the following A short history of the doings of the vessel — doings- which read like the old deeds of Drake and . Raleigh, on the Spanish Alain— will be acceptable to our readers. On the 8th of October last, the fast new steamer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good complement of cabin passengers on board, " likely- looking young men," as the pilot pronounced them. Friday, the 14th of October, found the Laurel safely moored in Funchal Bay, Madeira. People there said she was a blockade ruuner. So she was, but she had other work to perform iu this instance. People wondered, too, that the passengers did not go ou shore ; but they were satisfied with an exp'anation that they were " Polish immi grants," without money ; some Poles, on their way to Richmond, having stopped there a few weeks previously, and having left with profes sions of total inability to pay the debts they in curred. On Alonday, the 17th of October, a ship- rigged vessel came into the harbour and steamed out again. This naturally excited suspicion. Next morning the vessel came in sight again. Captain W addell, it is facetiously said, had an idea that she might be for sale, and therefore he steamed out after her with the Laurel. Both vessels anchored- in smooth water, on the east side of the island, both under the English flag. Here the strange ship was purchased — £45,000 is the price named — and here the Laurel transhipped her cargo into her. The ship then stood out to sea, and when far beyond the neutral marine league Captain Waddell summoned the crew aft, and read his commission as commander of the Confederate sloop-of-war, Shenandoah, ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve the neutral regulations, not one of the packages received from the Laurel was broken. Captain Waddell had only twenty- three men, all told, with him — a number which, after deducting officers, firemen, &c.;, left him only five men in each watch; while the ship was unarmed, and the packages having been hurriedly put on board everything was in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Running under topsails, the foresail, and the jibs by day— all the canvas the crew could work — and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken as quickly as possible to one of the "calm spots" which exist in mid-ocean in the trades. Here it was felt that the ship was secure, as no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, and it was not likely that cruizers would be looked for in latitudes so unproductive of prey. The officers took off their jackets, and all hands setting to with a will, the ship was speedily got in trim, and commenced her opera tions. The cruizing -ground selected was in the track of vessels bound for the Bouth American ports. On the 29th of October work was really com menced. In the morning royals and stunsails were set in chase of a barque. At one o'clock the chase was two miles distant, English colours were shown and the barque replied with the Yankee flag. Confederate colours were then hoisted, and the barque was hove-to and ex amined. She was the Alina, Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of railway iron. After removing the crew and stores, scuttled her. The crew numbered ten men, eight of whom joined the Shenandoah. The cargo was valued at 38,000 dollars ; the barque which was only six months old, at 50,000 dollars. On the 5th No vember steam was" got up in chase of a large schooner. At half-past seven a.m. fired a gun at her, when she hove-to. She showed the stars and stripes. Proved to be the Charles Oak, Gillman, master, bound from Boston to San Francisco, with an assorted cargo. Supplied the ship with stores from her including 20001b weight of preserved tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, and also her sister, the widow of a Northern corporal, killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladies. Private property was respected, but 200 dollars found on the master were confiscated. Captain Waddell gave the money, in the name of the Confederacy, to the master's wife, on her promis ing that she would not restore it to her husband. The woman promised eagerly. Burnt the vessel, which was a new one. On the 7th of November, captured the barque D. Godfrey, from' Bos ton to Valparaiso, with a miscellaneous cargo, in cluding 4O0 barrels of beef and pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of the crew entered for service with the Shenandoah. Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound for Rio. The brig took off two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of receiving a chronometer, a barrel of beef, and a barrel of pork — all prize articles. At daylight on November 10 sighted the clipper; brig Susan, ; bound to the River Plate, with a cargo of coals. The Susan was scuttled at ten a.m., and sank, bows first, so per pendicularly that the main-truck was under the water while the stern was above the surface. On the evening of the 11th a ship was sighted from the masthead, on the port beam. Her bearings were taken, and a course shaped to cut her oft". Proved to be the American ship Kate Prince, bound to Bahia, with 1700 tons of coal. Cargo was sworn to be neutral ; Captain Wad dell therefore determined to bond the vessel. The captain having signed the bonds, the vessel was released ; and the prisoners on board the Shenandoah, thirteen in number, were trans ferred to her. On the ISth of November the schooner Lizzie, M. Stacey, was captured and burned. One of her crew was a negro, who met another captured negro on board, whom he had met a few weeksback at a boardinghouse in New York. Their surprise was comical. November 24th signalled a barque with her masthead gone ; but she would not answer. The Shenandoah was then making eleven knots, under reefed topsails — a fact which proves her great speed. The next day or so bore down, under all canvas and a full head of steam, after a - singularly rigged vessel, which proved to be an English man-of- war, She took no notice of the chase. Is believed fo be the corvette Brisk, now at Ade laide.- Without entering further into detail/ it may be stated that the Shenandoah when she runs in chase displays any colors, English or French, and that her men sometimes don blue shirts, that their grey attire may; not arouse suspicion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship during the day-time, and at'' night they are locked in the forecastle and hand cuffed. v 1 the American ships in the bay have taken the alarm. Usually, profuse in their display of bunting, they did rot on Thursday allow the stars and stripes to flutter in the breeze at all, and one of their number hoisted a curious banner, said to be the Ionian flag. Though Captain Waddell was not apprised of the deter mination of the authorities until late in the afternoon, and was averse to throwing his vessel open before, the applications were so numerous that be gave way, and from one o'clock the ship was thronged. All the boats in the bay were out, and two steamers were, also engaged con- veying passengers. The wind was high, and one sailing-boat in rounding to capsized, but fortunately assistance was at hand, and her four passengers were picked up. The visitors showed their Southern sympathies by cheering the vessel heartily as they took their departure from her. Two more mining accidents are reported by the Maryborough Advertiser: — On Tuesday evening a young man named T. O'Shanassy, was opening out a drive from the shaft of the " Flag- staff claim, Havoverian Lead, Majorca, and had Just sent up a large bucketful of stones and washdirfc. by the whim, when through .some means or other the backet did not clear the shaft in being capsized, and the contents were returneu to the bottom, inflicting severe injuries on the mail below. Ho wag got up as soon as practicable, and conveyed to the Maryborough Hospital, where he is progressing as favorably as possible. Again -A serious accident occurred on Thursday, to a man named Gilbert, working one of the deep claims on the Hanoverian Lead, .Majorca. His mates were engaged in hauling up mullock, which by reason of being wet was no doubt heavy, when by some accident they managed to tip the whole contents of the bucket dowu the shaft. A large stone struck the un fortunate man on the arm and broke it. Dr Southee was sent for, and speedily, set the fracture. A Lethargic Lover. — The writer of a sci entific article in the Patrie relates a singular instance of prolonged lethargy. A farm servant at Rouen, who was about to marry, learned suddenly that his intended bride, with whom he was passionately in love, had deceived him, and was on the point of becoming the wife of another. The young man, although of an excitable nature, betrayed no signs of impatience/but yawned, stretched himself, and then complained of a hea viness in the head and a feeling of drowsiness. He went to bed and fell asleep, but the next day it. was found that he could not be awakened. Efforts to arouse him were made continually for a week, but with no better success. He was then removed to the hospital, where he remained four months without giving any other tokens of life than an occasional convulsive movement of the eye. An attempt was made to make him swallow a little wine and broth, but the process of deglutition did not take place, and the liquids flowed from his mouth. At the expiration of the above- mentioned period he awoke, and manifested his surprise at finding himself in an hospital, and could scarcely believe that he had slept more than a few hours. The alarming leanness to which he had been reduced soon disappeared ; he recovered his previous strength, and shortly after consoled himself for his fuithless sweetheart by marrying another. A Curious Worm. — Five or six months ago we reported the discovery within the Gong Gong Reservoir of a hair-worm five inches in length, aud its being on view to the curious at the offices of the Baliaarat Water Commission. The extreme tenacity of the creature made it au object of interest, apart from the fact that it was a hitherto undescribed Australian annelide. After a time, tfie animal coiled itself up in a hopeless- looking knot on a spot away from the . water in which it had been placed, and the se cretary, thinking from its motionless and hard, and dry condition that it was dead, threw it into a tank just outside the office window! About a fortnight ago it was fished out while swimming in the most lively manner, and found to measure thirteen inches in length with scarcely any in crease in thickness. The animal has been placed in a shallow dish ; he coils himself up like a piece of gimp in the day time, and disports at night. — Star. lo make boots last for four years -Grease well with a mixture of tallow, lamp- black, and beeswax ; then set them away in a closet. At a nobleman's mansion in Sussex the fol lowing notice has just been issued : — " From this date forward no women-servants will be allowed to wear crinolines whilst doing their household work. Any infringment of this order will be considered tantamount to notice to quit, aud they will be dis missed accordingly." A notice of a recent steamboat explosion, in an American paper, ends as follows : — The captain swam ashore. So did the chambermaid; she was insured for 15,000dol, and was loaded with iron: 