TELEGBAÜHIO INTELLIGENCE/ | (íromthe Berala ana Empire.) *~ GOULBURN.' Tuesday. -At the polios court, yesterday, Thomas James Lodge «nd Thomas Jopes, charged with receiving saddles from^bushrangers, were remanded for eightdajs. Christiana M'Kinnorifand Ellen Monks, on remand, for assisting the bushrangers .Hal!, gilbert, and Doon to burn Mr. Morriss'« stores at Bind»; were committed for' trial. Margaret Monks, charged with the same offence, was discharged. " «ft Wednesday evening.-A public meeting.was held to- day at tho Conrt-houso, when it was determined to pre- sent an address to his Excellency, and invito him to a public lunoh.-A rifle club is iu course of formation. FORBES. Wednesday, 4 p.m.-The District Court oommenoad its oittings to-day before Judge Mèymott.-The Al- liance Company's engine passed through Forbes on Satur- day en route from the Billibong to the Pianaolo.-A boy named Newham, about nine years old, was drowned on Saturday whilst bathing in the Lsohlan. His body was found iu some timber after a search of several hours. BRISBANE. Tuesday, six p.m.-The Lady Bowen arrived hero this morning from Sydney. She reports that one of the paddle-wheels of the Telegraph broke down on Sunday night, when off the Solitaries. The Lady Bowen re- mained by ber till daylight, and left h or steaming for Brisbane with one paddle-wheel. Wednesday, 7 pm.-At a meeting of,Brisbane crioke terB, it was resolved to play a return intercolonial match at Sydney. A committee was formed to make necessary arrangements. MELBOURNE. 'Tuesday, eight'p.m.-In the Assembly leave was given to the Government to introduce a bill to regulate bank- ing operations.-Markets firm,-The Counoil have passed the amendments to the Land Bill, whioh permit the whole of the money for the land bought at auction to be paid at the fall of the hammer, and allows anyone to have a blook not exoeediog 5000 acres outside the agri- cultural areas, put up at auction at any time. Wednesday, 8 p.m.-The Assembly has negatived the proposition for the payment of members-The Government has been asked to lay the whole of the cor- respondence respecting the Shenandoah, and the Imperial instructions with reference to belligerents, before the house. --The amendments of the Upper House on the Land Bill will delay its becoming law for Borne time, and some doubt is expressed as to whether it will pass at'all. \--The notice tor the prpduction of tho inBtrnothins from the Home Go ver o mont relativo to belligerents led to a wacm debate in the Upper House. The Govern- ment declined to produce the correspondenoe on the ground that it was confidential, to which it was re- plied that it had already been published in the Cape Town papers on the occasion of the Tuacaloosa'a seizure, and therefore thora oould be no ground for withholding it. On a division, the Government were defeated by a majority of bíx.-Owing to the searoity of breadatuffs advised in the Adelaide markets, prices hore are much firmer, but business is very limited, as it is considered lower rates must rule. A small parcel oi Chilian flour was purchased to-day for shipment to Ade- laide. 5000 buihols Danish oats changed hands at 3s. and 3s 3d-Teas continue very aotive. Fine congous are in request at Is. lid. to 2s. 2d. in bond.--The Wellington Government have given notice that the ports of the province are closed against the importation of cittle from the Australian colonies ; also from Auckland, Otago, and Southland --The Assembly, last night, by o majority of three, rejeoted the bill for the payment of members.--The petition to the Legislative Council against the tariff has'already received 12,000 aignatureB. -The Madras, ateamer, was'off Cape Sohanck at five o'olock.-The Counoil have passed the Land Bill. ADELAIDE. Tuesday, 6 p.m. -Dalley and Maher, two of the ring- leaders in the smelters' strike, at Wallaroo, have been sentenced to three years' imprisonment with hard labour They wore allowed fourteen days to appeal,-Mr. Bruce has advised the Corporation that, under the Cor- poration Act, women have not only the right to vote, but can sit as Councillors or hold office ns Mayor-There is very little btisineBa doing. Flour ia quoted at £20 lOj. to £21. Wheat very scarce. Farmers and holders refuse to sell at present rates. Small parcels havo been sold at 8j. 4d. at tho* port.-Arrived : Mathilda Atheling, from London, with 281 Government immigrants, all well. Spartan, from Newoaatle. Wednesday, 6 u m.-The annual show of the Agricul- tural Society will talco place to-morrow.-A number of old colonials leave for England, by thebranchmail steamer Alexandra, which leaves here on Saturday, at noon. Trade dull.-No alterations in the prioes of wheat and flour aro reported. Wheat pontinues in good demand at 8s. 4d.--1'he merchants have memorialised the Gover- nor to use his influence with the Home Government to appoint a Oonaui at New Caledonia, The Governor consents. NEW ZEALAND. [Via Melbourne.] Otago.-14th February.-Captain Saway, late master of the steamship Titania, has bäen oommitted to take his trial for wilfully murdering his wife by poisoning.-A large fire broke out in Dunedin. It waB first discovered ou the premises of Messrs. Feilenbarg and Forceau, the upholsterers, which together with the adjoining buildings were destroyed. The damage is estimated at £10,000, of which ibout £6000 is covered by insurances in the Otago, London and Lancashire, New Zealand, Austral- asian ; Liverpool, London, and Globe ; and Imperial Companies. Market unaltered. Wellington.-News from the front has been received to tho 8th instant. A party of rebels attacked the home- stead of Mr. T. D. Hewitt, member of the Provincial Council. Fortunately Mrs. Hewitt and family had pre- viously removed to Wanganui. The aorvants successfully retreated to the redoubt, but Mr. Hewitt was barbarously murdered, his head cut off and carried away.-Tho Alexandra, with ammunition and reinforcements for General Cameron, had arrived at Wanganui. The steamer Gundagai was busily employed carrying supplies from thence to hold-quarters on the Waitotara. General Cameron intends immediately constructing a bridge aoross the river and making an advance.-The rebels are reported to bo strengthening their position at Wera wah pah.-William Thompson's submission. to the authorities is confirmed-The terras of the Panama mail service have been so far modified that the monopoly olause is waived. The service is to be performed at tbo rate of ten knots throughont, and the subsidy is fixed at £119,000 per annum. Should Sydney require the course of post within four months, a quicker service than is neoessary for New Zealand, Sydney will he asked to pay an extra subsidy. The contract was signed by Mr. Weld, for the New Zealand Government, and by Captain J. Vine Hall, for the Company. Mr. Featherstone is about to proceed to Australia immediately, and is empowered to solicit assistance from New bouth Wale» and Viotoria 