Siiciiiiml-OftEi; ?'Tlio' following description of tho Confederate 'cruisoi'that has recently visited Melbourne, is from \- 'tlie Argus of tho 27th ult : — Tho Shenandoah is a handsome smart-looking 'full-rigged stoain sloop, of 1,260 tons register, ?fitltd wit'a a lifting screw and engines of 2d0 horse power. Huilt for the mereantilo service, Bhe'looksa merchantman, though tho guns which now peep from her sides tell unmistakably of her ?changed ohnractor, aud tho gay flag nttho gall' — a cross 'Ot st ars tn a reil square on a white grcund — ieaves no dc-ubt as to her nationality. She has :a line sweep of wpper deck, on which she carries il?er armament. This consists of four 'smooth feoTe Bisly-cright jirauders, and two thirty-two giounder a-ifled Wlrkwort.hs, together with two sunot'h Jjwe wgliteen pounders, used principally as £i^iia3 giir.3. 3Ier buttery, it will lie seen, is not tagc one, though tlio guns whioh she has aro isJ llw airs't- class — for sixty-eight pounders a.i«5 a«oosaik;d the beat of smooth- bores, and the tj3ed Wiiitworths possess a range of above throo ctnilof. The officers havo commodious quarters in She old saloon, the caj tain has possession of tho two roomy stern cabins, and the prizes have sup plied more than a man-of-war's allowance of fur niture. The 'tween decks aro unusually lofty — eight feet iu height — and as tliero aro no guns below, the crew have a .very lofty spaco reserved for their use. Cushioned seats, a work-table, and other liko spoils of the enemy, figure below as well as above. Tho vessel went to r ' sea with barely a sufficient crew to work her, and lLough sho has picked up many men from her prizes, yet she is still short-handed, her ?total muster being only seventy-five men. Cap ? dain Wadddl is tho very representative of the frank seaman associated with all our ideas of jiaut'eal matters, ami he is surprisingly young looking coiiBidering'tliat lie is an ofiicr of twenty three years' standing in the United Stats navy, lie held a commisMon when tho secession took placo. but at once lesigned and loft, to fight the battles of hie nativo North Caroline. Her officers also make a favorablo impression on all who meet tliera. They aro mostly young men, though some of them have seen hoi vice in tho Alabama. Mr. J. S. 1'ullock, tlie master, was master; Mr 0'13rien, the engineer, was assistant engineer; and Mr W. 1,'. Smith, paymaster, was captain's clerk, on board that far-famed cruiser, mul were in'iier that fatal Sunday when Captain Sfenics showed bis 'plurli' and h-$f. his ship. As to 'the ciew, they ate certainly not tho men' | one would ex|,cct To ! meet on boaiVl— not man who.n the,'' vile 'blows nud bi.lfets of iho world'' have lc-1 to' set their, lives on auv ohunoc^ oil tlio contrary most of tli'jn are Englishmen of decent appearance, while there are also aomo smart Americans, And- two .. or three sle.k-luokiiig negroes The mon are fod well and paid well ; aud they ..ono and nil say tltUt they like the ser vice and beiieve in their commander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, the dress of the -tiflu.ois not being at all uulilw tho ono worn s few ye.iis back, by the Victcriiui'Vo] untcot' forcu. As .'PtW-.'s tlie tli i j-, she is declared to be remarkably fast, both under steam and canvas— ' a /rood tail teen luiot boat.'' ':Fhere..is lio doabt that she is identical with the Clyde-built Chinese steam clipper Sea King, known to bo one of the fastest vessels of her clas3 afloat. Tho Sea King recently cleared .out. of' tho East. India Di.cks, London, for Bombay, «nd was reported by our last English advices to liavo shipped Cap-:' tam Soniines at Fiuiclnil Hay, and subsequently to have run oil a rock and becomo a total wreck, 'l'he particulars which we subjoin shew that these, reports, though very inaccurate in detail, agree with tho fact that the missing fca King is the cruiser novr representing' the Confederated S'ates in these Southern sea*. Besides this, as wo have said, the letters ' iiig' are plainly to bo socn on her head-boards, and her figure-head is a eivwiied ?monarch of the main. Tho Sea King, wo may remark,^ is no stranger on the e-ast. Sho was I employed last year by tlie Uritisli uoyernmerit to convcj troops to New Zealand, and made one of i the shortest ..runs out to Aucklun 1 on re oid. I A shoff history of : the doings ef this vessel — Joings , which ' read liko the 9k! deeds of Drake and -Italeigh, on the' Spanish Main — will be ac-: cep'tabli) to our readers. O11 the 8th of October last, the fasb now steamer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good complement of cabin passengers 011 board, ' likely-looking young men,' as the pilot pronounced thorn. Friday, the 1-itli of October, found Iho Laurel safely moored in Funchal Bay, Madeira. People there said she was a blockade runner. So she was, but she bad other work to perform in this instanco. People wondered, too, that the passengers did not goon shore ; but they wtre satisfied with nn explanation that they wero -l Polish immigrants,' without money; sxnno. Poles, 011 their way to Richmond, having stopped there a few weeks previously, and having -.left with professions of total inability to pay the debts they incurred.. On Monday, the 17th of Octo ber, a ship rigged vessel came to the ..harbor and steamed out .again. This.., naturally; excited . suspicion. ; Nest morning the vessel caino in sight again. Captain Waddcl.1, it js facetiously said, had an idea that she might he for sale,, and thereforo he steam :il out afrer wilh tlie Laurel. Both ^vessels anchored ' in smootli'v/ater, on tho east sido of tho island, both under the'English flag. Ilere tho strange ship swas purchased— £-L5, 000 is tho price named -— and horo the Laurel transhipped her cargo into her.; I'lie ship then stood out to-sea, and when .fur beyond the neutral marine leaguo Captain Waddell sa.iimosjed the orew aft, and read his commission as oominander of tho Confederate s'oop-of-war 'Shenandoah, ordered to crnho and dest oy the onomy's oonimcrcc. Until this, and in order to pivserv; tho neutral rngulatin s, ii'. t ono of the packaged received frira the Laurel was broken. Captiu Wad dell had only t wen tj-- three men, all told, with him — a number which, after deducting oftieerp, fiiornen. &o.;, left only five men iu each watch ; while tho ship was unarmed, ami the packag 3 having been hurriedly put -on board everything was iu the greatest concision. There was only one way to manage. Running under topsails, the foresail, and the jibs by day — all tho canvass the prow could work — and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken as quickly as possible to one of tho ' calm spots 'whioh exist in mid ocean in the trades, llere it was felt that the ship was securo, as 110 vessel but a s'eamer could como to the placo and it was not likely that cruisers would be looked far in latitudes so unproductive of prey. The officers took oil their jackets, and all hands setting to with a will, tho ship was s|»cdi'y got in trim, and commenced her oper ations. The cruizing-ground seleoted was in the traok of vessels bound for the South American ports. Ou the 20th of Ootobcr work was really com menced. In the morning, royals and stuusails wore sot, in chase of a barque. At ono o'clock the chaso was two miles distant, English colours were Bhown, and tho barquo ropliod with tho Yankee flag. Confederate colours wero then hoisted, and the barque was hove-to and examined. Sho wns tlio Aliua, Staples, master, owned in Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of railway iron. After removing the crew and stores, scuttled her. The crew num bered ton men, eight of whom joined the Shenan doah. The cargo was valued at-38,000 dollars ; the barque, which was only six months old, i-t 50,000 dollars. On tho 5th November s eam was got up iu ohaso of a largo schooner. At half-past seven a m. fired a gun at her, when sbo hove-to. Sho showed tho stars and stripes. Provod !o be the Charles Oak, Oillraan, master, bound from Boston to San Francisco, with an assoi ted cargo. Supjlicd the ship with stores from her, inc uling 2,00Ulb. weight of proserved tomatoes, The mas ter's wife was on board, and her sister, the widow of a Northern corporal, killed at Harper's Forry. Tho captain gave a stern cabin up tj the ladie?. Private property was respected, but 200 dollars found 011 tho master were confiscated. Captain Waddell gave the money, in the name of tho Confederacy, to the master's wire, on her promising that sho would not restore it to her husband. Tho woman promised eagerly. Burnt tho vessel, which was a new ono. On the 7th of November, chased and captured tho barque D. Godfrey, from Buston to Valparaiso, with a mis cellaneous cargo, including 400 barrels of beef aud pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of the crew entered for service with the Shenandoah. Two day3 afterwards spoko a Danish brig, bound for Rio. Tho brig took off two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of lcciiv ing a chronometer, a barrel cf beef, and a b irroi of pork — all prizo articles. At daylight on November 10 sighted tho clipper brig Susan, bound to tl e Bivor Plate, with a cargo of caah. Tho Susan was scuttled at half-past ten a.m., and sank, bows first, so perpendicularly that the main- truck was Under the water while tho stern was above the serfacc. On tho evening of tho lltli a ship was sighted from tho masthead, 011 the port beam. Her beatings woro tal.cn; and a course shaped to cut her off. Proved to to the American ship Kate Prince, bound to Baliia, with 1,700 tons of coal; Cargo was sworn to be neutral:, Captain Waddell therefore deter mined to bond the vessel; Tlie captain having tho bonds, tho vessel was rcleasod ; and tho pri soners on board the Shenandoah, thirteen in number, wero transferred to her. On the 13th of November tho schooner Lizzie M. Stacey was captured and burned. One 0 her crew was a nogro, who met another oapturod negro on board a man he had parted with a few weeks backs at a boardinghouse in New Yoik. Their surprise was comical. November 24 signalled a barquo with her masthead gone ; but sho would not answer. The Shenandoah wasmakingll knots, under reefed top sails — a fact which proves her great speed. Tho next da.y or so bore down, under all canvas and a full head of steam, after a singularly rigged vessel, which proved to bo an English manof war. Sho took no liotieo of tho chase. Is be lieved to bo the covette Brisk, now at Adelaide. Without elite) ing further into detail, it maybe' otiited that the Shenandoah when she runs in : chase displays any colors, English or French, and | that her .men sometimes don blue shirts, that t.ieir grey attiro may not arouse suspicion. Tho prisoners ' assist iii working the ship during the day-time, and at night they arc lucked in the forecastle and handcuffed. IIay EwiVATuR. — Anything that effects n saving of' labutii'i particularly on a farto, is tho idea most essential for farmers, nnd choca .settlers Who, by: their enterprise, introduce machinery with that view, aro without doubt entitled to all oofiimoiid.ition from colonists generally. On Messrs. Holmes' farm, at Clarence Plains, has been constru'jtcd, . by a very simple process of leverage power, a contrivance for unloading hay by the load, and with which the Messrs. Holmes haye built a large- stack of hay this year. Tho loaded waggon or cart is brought alongside the stack. The load having been loaded on ropes caii be bundled as a truss of hay, and swung to the end of a cross piece, balanced ou a polo 50 foet high; liorso power is applied to one ond, and the load being raised to. the required height, is guided to any part 9f the stack and there'de posited. Tho ropo is then undone and the hcrsn is again hooked on, and in drawing out tlio rope the hay spreads, tl.o whole process not occupying more ihin threo minutes. Tho idea was picked up at Melbourne, by t Jr. F. Holme, on a recent visit 1 here, and we bolie-yc this is the first intro ductii 11 of it into Tasmania. A derrick would answer tho satr.o purpose, but the expense of erection would be tho groat bar to its general use, whereas with timber, [constructed as above, tho oxpenso is reduced to something under £10. — iJobarl F-w;i M crcv.ru. 