THE CGIvFEDEBATE WAE-STEAMER SHENANDOAH. ) [From the^l rgns of Januai y 27.1 The Confederate sloop-of-war bhenandoah re mains quietly anchored in Hobsou's Bay. Our warlike visitor has obtained a recognition from the authorities, and wiil now stay here a few days to coal and to effect repairs before proceeding to sea in search of fresh prey and new adventures. The commander of the vessel. Captain Waddell, courteously allows the public to visit her, and our citizens have already manifested much eagerness to inspect one of those noted cruisers which are destroying an enemy's commerce, and have fairly revolutionized naval warfare. Sir Charles Darling, on receiving the formal re quest forwarded by Captain Waddell immediately upon his arrival, summoned a meeting of the Executive for 11 o'clock on Thursday morning. There was a full attenance of the Cabinet, and so anxious were the Uovernment to preserve the neutrality of the port, that, though the instruc tions received from England are explicit and full, more than two hours were spent in deliberation before a decision was arrived at. Captain Waddell applied for leave to coal, to provision, and to effect repairs to his machinery, which he alleged was seriously out of order. The regulations name IS hours as the limit of a vessel's stay, but this term can be extc-nde'l to allow her to repair bona fide damages. The Ministers, therefore, felt at liberty to accede to the request; but they re quired Captain Waddell to report the repairs his ship needed, that their own officers might judge the time that ought to be allowed him. Captain Waddell was notified, also, that he could not be permitted to leave port wiwun zt uours 01 rne departure of any American vessel. A further request made, for permission to laud prisoners, was not acceded io, but fuller information was asked for. We understand, however, that this point has been satisfactorily and expeditiously solved by the "captives" quietly landing on our shores. The Shenandoah had with her, as prisoners, eight men, besides Captain Nicholls, master of tiie Detnhine, Mrs. Nicholls, and the stewardess. The men went ashore, but the ladies were taken to the Jeannie Payne, an American ship lying in the Bay, and it is said that their fervently-expressed wishes were not for the welfare of their captors. The Shenandoah is a handsome smart-looking full-rigged steam sloop, of 1,26(1 tons register, fitted with a lifting screw and engines of 240 horse power. Built for the mercantile service, she looks a merchantman, though the guns which now peep from her sides tell unmistakably of her changed character; aud the gay iiag at the gaff—a cross of stars in a led square oil a white ground—leaves no doubt as to her nationality, She has a fine sweep of upper deck, on which she carries her armament. This consists of foursmooth-bore 68-pounders, and two 32-pounder rifled Whitworths, together with two Binooth- bore IS-pounders, used principally as signal guns. Her battery, it will be seen, is not a large one, though the guns which she has are of the first class—f»r fiS-pounders are accounted the best of smooth-bores, aud the rifled Whitworths I {losscss a range of above three miles. The officers lave commodious quarters in the old "saloon, "the j captain has possession of the two roomy stern cabins, and the prizes have supplied more than a man-of war's allowance of furniture. Tiie 'twecn-decks are unusually lofty—eight feet in height—and as there are 110 guns below, the crew have a great lofty ; space reserved for their use. Cushioned seats, a i work-table, and other like spoils of the enemy, figure below as well as above.. The vessel went to sea with barely a sufficient crew to work her, and ! though she has picked up many men from her prizes, yet she is still shortrhanded, lier total muster being only 75 men. Captain Waddell is the very representative of the frank seaman associated with all our ideas of nautical matters, 1 and he is surprisingly young-looking, considering that he is an officer of 23 years' standing in the ' United States navy. He held a commission when 1 the secession took place, but at once resigned and left, to fight the battles of his native North Carolina. Her officers also make a favourable 1 impression on all who meet th:m. They are I mostly young men, though some of them have seen service in the Alabama. Mr. J. S. Bullock, the master, was master; Mr. O'Brieu, the engineer, was assistant-engineer; I and Mr. W. B. Smith, paymaster, was captain's clerk on board that far-famed cruiser, and were in her that fatal Sunday when Captain Scmmes showed his "pluck" and lost his snip. As to the crew, they are certainly not the men one would I expect to meet on board—not men whom the " vile blows and buffets of the world" have led to set j their lives on any chance; on the contrary, most of rhein are Englishmen of decent appearance, while theri are also some smart Americans, and two or three sleek-looking negroes. The men are fed well and paid well; and they one and all say that they like the service and believe in their com mander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, the dress of the officers uot being at all unlike the one worn a few years back by the Victorian Volunteer ' Force. As regards the ship, she is declared to be 1 remarkably fast both under steam and canvas—"a good I3-kiiot boat." There is no doubt that she is 1 idssnfififail wir.ti thA I'M vMp-Hriilfr. nh in AC A ' identified with the Clyde built Chinese steam clipper Sea Kiug, known to be one of the fastest vessels of her class afloat. The Sea King recently cleared out of the East India Docks, Loudon, fur Bombay, aud was reported by our last English advices to have shipped Captain Semmes at Funchal Bay, and subsequently to have run on a rock and become a total wreck. The particulars which we subjoin show that these reports, though very inaccurate in detail, agree with the fact that the missing Sea King is the cruiser now represent ing tiie Confederated States in these Southern Seas. Besides this as we have said, the letters ' ing" are plainly to be seen on her head-hoards, and her figure-head is a crowued monarch of the main. The Sea King, we may remark, is no stranger on the coast. She was employed last year by the British Government to convey troops to New Zealand, and made one of the shortest tuns out to Auckland on record. A short history of the doings of the vessel— doiugs which read like the old deeds of Drake and Ealeigh on the Spanish Main—will be ac ceptable to our readers. On the 8th of October last, the fast new steamer Laurel left Liverpool, with a good complement of cabin passengers on hoard, "likely- looking young men," as the pilot pronounced tnein. Friday, the 14th of October, «i,„ r 1.-.,.. ..1,i found the Laurel safely moored in Funchal Bayj Madeira. People there said she was a blockade- I runuer. So she was; but she had other work to J perform in this instance. People wondered, too, that the passengers did not go on shore; but they were satisfied witu an explanation that they were j '"Polish immigrants," without money; some ; Poles, on their way to Bichmoud, having" stopped [ there a few weeks previously, and having left with , professions of total inability to pay the debts tliey I incurred. On Monday, the 17 th of October, a sliip rigged vessel came into the harbour and steamed j out again. This naturally excited suspicion. Next morning the vessel came in sight again. G lptain ! Waddell, it is facetiously said, had an idea that she 1 might be for sale, and theieforc lie steamed out after her with the Laurel. Both vessels anchored j in smooth water, on the east side of the island, j both under the English flag. Here the strange ship was purchased—£45.000 is the price named— and here the Laurel transhipped her cargo into j her. The ship then stood out to sea, and when far beyond the neutral mariue league Captain Waddell summoned the crew ait, and read his commission 1 as commander of the Confederate sloop-of-war Shenandoah, ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve the neutral regulations, not one of the packages received from the Laurel was broken. Cap tain Waddell had only 23 men, all told, with 1 him—a uuuiber which, after deducting officers, firemen, Ac., left liiin only five men in each watch; while the ship was unarmed, aud the packages having been hurriedly put ou board I everything was in the greatest confusion. There was only one way to manage. Dunning under topsails, the foresail, and the jibs by day—all the canvas the crew could work—and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken as quickly as possible to one of the "calm spots" which exist in mid-ocean in the trades. Here it was felt that tbe ship was secure, as no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, and it was not likely that cruisers would be looked for in latitudes so unpro ductive of prey. The officers took off their jackets, aud ail hands setting to work with a will, the ship was speedily got in trim, and commenced her operations. The cruising-ground selected was in the track of vessels bound for the South American ports. Gn the 23th of October work was really com menced. In the morning r.iyals and stunsails were set, in chase of a barque. At 1 o'clock the chase was two miles d stant, English colours were shown, and the barque replied with tbe Yankee flag. Confederate colours were then hoisted, and the barque was hove to and examined. She was theAlina, Staples, master, owned iu Maine, bound from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, with a cargo of rail way iron. After removing the crew aud stores, scuttled her. The crew numbered ten men, eight of whom joined the Shenandoah. The cargo was valued at $38,000; the barque, which was only six ,i.„ ..i.i -f exuniin «tn tt... 0,1, Nr„,.„„,i10 Eteam was got up i« chase of a large schooner. At half-past 5 a.m. fired a gun at her, when she hove to. She sh need the stars aud stripes, Proved to be the Charles Oak, Oilbnan, master, hound from Boston to Sail Francisco, with an assorted cargo. Supplied the ship with stores from her, including 2,0'IIJ lbs. weight of preserved tomatoes. The master's wife was on board, and also her sister, the widow of a Northern corporal killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a stern cabin up to the ladies. Private property was respected, but 200 dollars found on tbe master were con fiscated. Captain IVaddell gave the money, in the name of tbe Confederacy, to the master's wife, on her promising that she would not restore it to her husband. The woman nroiuiscd eagerly. Burnt the vessel, which was a new one. cm the 7th of November, chased and captured tiie barque D. Godfrey, from Boston to Valparaiso, with a miscellaneous cargo, including 400 barrels of beef aud pork. Burnt the vesfcL Ten men of the crew entered for service with the Shenandoah. Two days afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound for Bio". The brig took off two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of receiving a chronometer, a barrel of beef, aud a barrel of pork—all prize articles. At daylight on November 10 sighted the clipper brig Susan, bound to the fiiver Plate, with a cargo of coals. The Susan was souttled at half-past 10 a.m., aud sank, bows first, so perpendicularly that the main-truck was under the water while the stern was above the surface. On the evening of the 11th a ship was sighted from the masthead, on tile port beam. Her bearings w ere taken, and a course shaped to cut her oft". Proved to be the American ship Kate Prince, hound to Bahia, with 1.700 tons of coal. Cargo was sworn to be neutral; Captain Waddell there fore determined to bond tbe vessel. The captain havirig signed the bonds, the vessel was released; and the prisoners on hoard theShenandoah, thirteen in number, were transferred to her. On November Bl the schooner Lizzie M. Stacey was captured and burned. One of her crew was a negro, who met another captured qegro on board, a man he had parted with a few weeks back at a boarding house in New Voik. Their surprise was comical. November 24, signalled a barque with her mast head gone, but she would not answer. The Shenandoah was then making 11 knots, under reefed topsails—a fact which proves her great speed. The next day or so bore down, under all canvas and a full head of] steam, aftcrasingulaily rigged vessel, which proved to be an English man of- war. She took no notice of the chase. Is believed to l>e the corvette Brisk, now at Adelaide. [This i? a mistake.] Wit bout entering further into | detail, it may be stated tl\at the Shenandoah w hen she runs in chase displays any colours, English or French, and tliat her men sometimes don blue shirts that their grey attire may not arouse sus picion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship during the daytime, and at night they are locked in the forecastle and handcuffed. The following is a correct list of the vessels j captured and destroyed by the Shenandoah;— | Alina, barque.—Staples, master, from Akyah to Buenos Ayres, cargo of railway iron. Scuttled 29th October, lat 16" 47' N„ long. 26° 4'.i' W. Charter Oak, schooner, from c^tou for Sau Franc',::co, assorted cargo. Burnt 5th November, iat r 38' N-, lone. 27° 49' W. D. Codfrey, barque, — Haller, master, from Boston to Valparaiso, assorted cargo. Burnt 7th November, lat. 98 N., long. 27*"fi/ W. Susan, brig, — Hansen, master, from New York to Eivcr Plate. Scuttled 10th November, lat. 4" 20' N., long. 26*39' W. Kate Prince, for Bahia, neutral cargo (coals). Ship bonded 12th November. Adelaide, barque, of Baltimore, to Biver Plate, neutral cargo. Ship bonded for 23,000 dollars. Lizzie M. Stacey, schooner, New York to Sand wich Islands, assorted cargo. Burnt 13th Novem ber, lat. 1° 40* N., long. 23" 24' IV. Edward, whaling vessel. Burnt 4th December, lat. 37" 47' S., long. 12' 30' W. Delphine, barque, from London for Akyab. Burnt -29th December, lat. 29° 10' S., long 09' iS. All the American ships in the Bay have taken tire alarm. Usually profuse in their display of bunting, they did not yesterday allow the stars and stripes to flutter in the breeze at all, and one of their number hoisted a curious banner, said to he the Ionian flag. Though Captain Waddell was not apprised of the determination of the authorities until late in the afternoon, and was averse to throwing his vessel open before, the applications were so numerous that he gave way, and from 1 o'clock the ship was th'onged. All the boats in the Bay were out, and two steamers were also engaged conveying passengers. The wind was high, and one sailing-boat in rounding to capsized, but fortunately assistance was at hand, and her four passengers were picked up. The visitors showed their Southern sympathies by cheering the vessel heartily as they took their departure from her. 