TIDE CONFEDERATE WAR STEAMER I SHENANDOAH. (] '\ om the Melbourne Argus. January 27.) The Confederate sloop-of- war Shenandoah, wliich so un expectedly made her appearancc in our waters on Wednes- 1 day, obtained permission from the Government to coal, , provision, and effect the necessary repairs to her machinery. Sir Charles Darling', on receiving the formal request forwarded by Captain Waddell immediately upon his arrival, summoned a meeting of the Exocutive for eleven o'clock on | Thursday morning. There was a full attendance ot the Cabinet ; and so anxious were the Government to preserve the neutrality of the port, that, though the instructions re ceived from 'England directly after the Alabama episode at j the Cape arc explicit and full, more than two hours were ' spent in deliberation before a decision was arrived at. ! Captain Waddell applied for loave to coal, to provision, j ana to effect repairs to his machinery, which he aui'gea were Kenuumy uuv ui uruer. me regu lations name forty-eight hours as tho limit of a vessel's stay, but tliis term can be extended to allow her to repair bona Jidc damages. The Ministers, therefoie, felt at Ubertv to accede'to the request; but thoy required Captain Waidell to report the repairs his ship needed, that their own officers might judge the time that ought to be allowed him. Cap tain 'Waddell was notified, also, that he could not bo per mitted fo leave poif within twenty-four hours of the departure of any American vessel. A further request made, for permission to land prisonets, was not acceded to, but fuller information was asked for. We understand, however, that this point has been satisfactorily and expeditiously solved by the 'captives' quietly landing on our shores. The Shenandoah had with her as prisoners eight men, besides Captain Nicholls, master of the Del phine, Mrs. Nicholls, and the stewardess. The men went ashore, - but the ladies were taken to the Jcannie Payne, an American ship lying in tlie bay, and it is said that their fervently expressed wishes were not for the welfare of their captors. The Shenandoah is a handsome smart-looking full ricged steam sloop, of 1260 tons register, fitted with a lining screw and engines of 240 horse-power. Built for the mercantile service, she looks a merchantman, though tho guns which now peep from her sides tell unmistakably of liu' changed character ; and the gay flag at the gaff — a cross of stars in a i«d square on a white ground — leaves no doubt as to her nationality. She has a fine sweep of upper deck, on which she camesher armament. Thisconsistsoffoursmooth borc 6ixty-eiglit-pounders, and two thirty-two-pounder rifled Whitworths, together with two smooth-bore eighteen * pounders, used principally as signal-guns. Her battery, it will be seen, is not a large ono, though the guns which she has arc of the first-class — for sixty-eight-pounders are accounted the best of smooth-bores, and the rifled Whit worths possess a range of above three miles. The officers have commodious quarters in the old 'saloon,' the captain has possession of the two roomy stem cabins, and the prizes have supplied more than a man-of-war's allowance of furniture. Tho 'tween-decks are unusually lofty — eight foot in height — and as there aro no guns below, tho crew bfivc a great lofty space reserved for their use. Cushioned scats, a work-table, and other like spoils of the enemy, figure below as well as above. The vessel went to sea with barely a sufficient crew to work her; and though she has picked up many men from her prizes, yet she is still short-handed, her total muBter being only seventy-five, men. Captain Waddell is the very representative of the frank seaman associated with all our ideas of nautical matters, and ho is surprisingly young-looking, considering that he is an officer of twenty-three years' standing in the United States navy. He held a commission when the secession took place, but at once resigned and left, to fight the battles of his native North Carolina. Her officers also make a favourable impression on all who moet them. They 08 mostly young men, though somo of them have seen serviceinthe Alabama. Mr. J. S.Bullock, the master, was master ; Mr. O'Brien, the engineer, was assistant engineer ; and Mr. W. B. Smith, paymaster, was captain's clerk, on board that far-lamed cruiser, and were in her that fatal Sun day when Captain Semmes showed his 'pluck' and lost his ship. As to the crew, they are certainly not the men one would expect to meet on board— not men whom the ' vile blows and buffets of the world ' have led to sot thoir lives on any chance ; on the contrary, most of them are Englishmen of decent appearance, while there are also some smart Americans, and two or three, sloek-looking negroes. The men are fed well and paid well ; and they ono and all aiy.that they like the service and believe in their com mander. The uniform worn is a dull grey, the dress of the officers not being1 at all unlike the one worn a few years back by the Victorian Volunteer foreo. As regards the ship, she is declared to bo remarkably fast, both under steam and convas-s-1' a good thirteen knot boat.' ' There is no doubt that sho is identical with the Clyde-built Chinese, steam clipper1 Sea King, known to be ono of the fastest vessels of her class afloat. The Soa King recently cleared out of the East India Docks, London, for Bombay, and Was re ported by our last 'English advices to have shipped Captain Semmes at Funchal Bay, ond subsequently to nave run on ^ a rock and become & total wreck. Trie particulars which ; we subjoinshow that those reports, though veiy inaccurate*' iii detail, ngrce with tlio factthnt the imssingSea King is 1 the cruiser now representing the Confederated States in these Southern seas. Besides this, as wc have said, the letters 'ing' aro plainly to bo seen on her head-boards, and her figure head is a crowned monarch of tlie main. The Sea King, we may remark, in no stranger on tho coast. She was employed last year by the British Government to convey troops to New Zealand, and made one of the shortest runs out to Auckland on rccord. | A shcil history of the doings of the ve®scl — doings which read like the old deeds of Drake and Raleigh, on the Spanish I Main— will be acceptable to our readers. On the 8th of I October last, the fast new Bteiuner Laurel left Liverpool, I with u good complement of cabin passengers on board, l ' likely-looking young men,' as the pilot pronounced tbem. I Friday, the 14th ^ of October, found tlie Laurel safely moored I in Funchal Bay, Madeira. People thero said she was a I blockade- runner. So she was, but she had other work I to perform in this instance. People wondered, too, that ! the passengers did not go on shore; but thoy were satisfied i with on explanation that they wore '* Polish immigrants,' ' without money : some Poles, on thoir way to Richmond, j having stopped tlierc a few weeks previously, and having | left with professions of total inability to pay tho debts i thoy incurred. On Monday, tlie 17th of Octobcr, 1 a (hip- rigged ve&sel; came into the harbour ana steamed oiit again. This naturally cxcited suspicion, Next morning the vessel came in sight again. Captain Waddell, it is facetiously said, had en idea tliat she might be for sale, and therefore he steamed out after hoi* with the Laurol. Botli vessels anchored in smooth water, on the east side of the inland, both under the I English ting. Here tlie strange ship was purchased — ; £45,000 is the price named — and here the Laurel tran i shipped her cargo into hor. The sliip then stood out to ' sea, and when fur beyond the neutral marine league Caj) | tain Waddell summoned the crew aft, and read his | commission ns commander of the Confederate sloop-of-war I Shenandoah, ordered to cruise and destroy the enemy's | commerce. Until this, and in order to preserve I the neutral regulations, not one of the packages received I from the Laurel was broken. Captain Waddell had only ' twenty-three men. all told, with him; a number which, , after deducting officers, themen, 4:c., left him only five men in cach watch ; while the ship was uoaraied, and the pack* ages having been hunicdly put on board, everything was in the greatest eonfupion. . There was only one way to manage. Running under topsails, the foresail, and the jibs by day — nil the canvas tlie crew could work — and steaming by night, the Shenandoah was taken us quicldy as possible to one of the 'calm spots' wliich exist in inid-occan in the trades. Here it was felt tliat the ship was secui-e, as no vessel but a steamer could come to the place, and it wjis not lilcely that cinirers would be looked for in latitudes so uuproductivc of prey. The officei-s took oti' their jackets, mid all hands setting to with a will, the ship was speedily got in triui, nnd commcnced her operations. Tho cruizing- ground selected was in the (rack of vessels bound for the South American poiu. On tlie 29th of October work wuk i-eally commenced. In the morning, royals and stnnsails wore set in chaso of a barque. At one o'clock tlie chase was two miles distant, English colours were shown, and the barque replied with the Yankee flag. Confederate colours wero then hoisted, and the barque was hovc-to and examined. She was the Alum, Staples, matter, owned in Maine, bound fiom Akyab to Buenos Avres, with a cargo of itiilway iron. After removing the crow and stores, scuttled her. The ciew numbered ten men, eight of whom joined the Shenandoah. Tlie cargo was valued ut 38,000 dollars; flic barque, wliich was only six months old, at 50,000 dollars. On tlie ;3th November steam was got up in chiifee of a large schooner. At half-past seven a.m. tired a gun at her, when she hovc-to. She showed the star and stripes. Proved to be the Chs.rlcs Oak, Gilluian, master, bound from Boston to San Francisco, with an assorted cargo. Supplied tho slap with Mores from her, including 20001b. weight of preserved tomatoes. The master' 6 wife was on board, and also her sitter, the widow of a Northern coiporal, killed at Harper's Ferry. The captain gave a hlem cabin up to tho ladies. Private 'property y.vjs resected, but 200- dollars found on the master weie confiscated. Captain Waddell gave the money , in the name of the Confederacy, to the mutter's wife, on her promising that she would not restore it to her husband. The woman promised eagerly. Burnt tho vewel. which was anew one. On the 7th of November, chased and captui-cd the barque D. Godfrey, from Boston to Valpai*aiso, with a miscellaneous cargo, in cluding 400 Uutei*. of beef ami pork. Burnt the vessel. Ten men of flic crew entered i«-r service with the Shenan doah. Two d:iys afterwards spoke a Danish brig, bound for Rio. Tlie brig took off two masters, four mates, and two men, in consideration of receiving a chro nometer, a barrel of beef, and a barrel of pork — all prize articles. At daylight on November 10, sighted tlie clipper brig Susan, bound to the River Plate, with a caigo of coaie. Tlie Susan was scuttled at half- past 10 a.m., and sank, bows first, so peipendicularly that th? main-truck was under the water while the stern was above tlie surface. On the evening of the 11th a ship was sighted from the masthead, on the port beam. Her bearings were taken, and a course shaped to cut her off. Proved to bo the American sliip Kate Prince, bound to Bahia, with 1703 tons of coal. Ctngo was sworn to be neutral; Cnjjfcain Waddtll therefore determined to bond the vessel. The captain having signed the bonds, the vessel was released, and the prisoners on board the Shenandoah, thirteen in number, were transferred to her. On the 13th of November the schooner Lizzie M. Stacoy was captured and burned. One of her crew was a jiegro, who met another captured negro on board, a man he had parted with a few weeks back at a boarding house in New York. Their surprise was comical. Novem ber 24, signalled a barque with jier masthead gone, but she would not answer. The Shenandoah was then making eleven knots under reefed topsails — a fact which proves her great speed. The next day or so, bore down under all can vas and a full head of steam after a singularly-rigged vessel, wliich proved to be an English man-of-war. She took no notice of tlie chase. It is believed to be the corvette Brisk, now at Adelaide. Without entering further into detail, it nuiy be 6tated that the Shenandoah, when she runs *in chase, displays any colours, English or French, and that licr men sometimes don blue shirts, that their grey attire may not arouse suspicion. The prisoners are expected to assist in working the ship during the daytime, and at night they aro locked in the forecastle and lunidcuffed. The following is a coriect list of the vessels captured and destroyed by the Shenandoah : — Alina, barque, ? Staples, master, from Akyab t j Buenos Avres, cargo of railway iron. Scuttled 29th October, latitude \&AV; N., longitude 26.43* W. Charter Oak, schooner, from Boston for San Francisco, assorted cargo. Burnt 5th November, latitude 7 38' N., longitude 27*49- W. D. Godfroy, barque, — Hallet, master, from Boston to Valparaiso, assorted cargo. Burnt 7th November, latitude 6*28* N., longitude 27*6* W. Susan, brig, — Hansen, master, from New York to River Plate. Scuttled 30th November, latitude 4'20- N. longitude 26*39* W. Kate Prince, for Bahai, neutral cargo (coils). Ship bonded 12th November. Adelaide, barque, of Baltimore, to River Plate, neutral cargo. Sliip bonded for 23,000 dollai-s. Lizzie M. Staccy, schooncr, New York to Sandwich Islands, assorted cargo. Burnt 13th November, latitude W0* N., longitude 28*24* W. Edward, whaling vessel. Burnt 4th December, latitude 37'47' S., longitude 12*30- W. Delphine, barque, from London for Akyab. Burnt 29th December, latitude 29*10* S., longitude 69* E. All the American ships in the hay have taken the alarm. Usually profuse in their display of bunting, they did not yesterday allow the stars and stripes to flutter in tho breeze at all, 'Visitors showed their Southern sympathies by cheering the Shenandoah heartily as they took their departure from her. 