AR11IYAL OP THE DECEMBER MAIL FROM EUROPE. [A Second Edition of The Argus wag pub- lished on Saturday afternoon, containing tho following luttera of our London correspon- dent and other mutter :-] The Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany's steamer Northam, Captain Skot- towe, with tho European mails, arrived in the bay about three o'clock on Saturday afternoon, having made tho passage from King George's Sound in five days and ten hours. The ^Northam loft the Sound at balf-pasb five a.m. on the Gth inst., and had fine weather and mode- rate winds during the run. The following are the letters of our london correspondent : LOXDOSf, Dec. 20. As the year draw3 towards its close, there IB a multiplication of signs betokening a re- vival of political life. Cabinet councils fol- low one another in rapid succession. The "extra-Parliamentary utterances" which now take place from week to week have referenco more to the future than to tho past. The shortcomings of the late session ara by com- mon consent consigned to a merciful oblivion, and all is eager hope and expectancy regard- ing the Ministerial programme for the session of 18C5. The rumours of an curly dissolution of Parliament have died away, and the im- pression in political circles ¡3 general that, unless Borne unforeseen contretemps intervene, the present Houso of Cummoas will expire from natnial ile cay in arijm old age. The date for itB reassembling is either the 7th or 9th of February. POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT. There havo been some faint foresbadow ings of the policy of the Administration. Btvelations have been mado by the organs supposed to be cn rapport with the Mi- niste rial chiefs ; but, unfortunately, the utterances are so vagno and contra- dictory, that little reliance can bo placed in theiu. The Morning Post and the Ob server, both semi-official print", have been play- ing a sort of battledore and shuttlecock game with alliged Cabinet secrets. The one lias politelj given the lie to the disclosures of the other. The comedy has been more puzzling than edifying to a public thirstiDg for infor- mation ; and the only rational inference is, that the schism in tho inspired press is symp- tomatic of divisions in tho Cabinet itself. Tho rumour current some weeks ago was, that wo are to have another Budget of rtmif6ions ; and there is reason to bilievo ti at ^Mr. Gladstone has propounded mea- sures which would relievo the tax-paylug nublic to the extent of three millions sterling. But (-onie of his colleagues are opposed to the sweeping retrenchments which hia policy would involve; and if we may judge by the tone of a speech lately delivered by Lord Claience Paget, there is small hope of any effective curtailment of the; extravagant ex- penditure in tho Admiralty department. There has been a ecandalouB job recently por petiated by the Lords of the Admiralty, which bus arouted the thunders of ?7¿e¡ Timts, as well as tho growls of public indigna- tion. Tho leading iouinai attacked the authorities for sending the Victoria, an immense old wooden three-decker, to tlie Mediterranean. A defence was at- tempted by both Mr. Childers and Lord Clarence Paget, which was flagrantly contra- dictory imel unsatisfactory ti everybody. It is admitted that tho Victoria is perfectly use- less as a neliting ship; but then, it ia uriced tim t there is no prospect of war, and that she will bo very useful as a floating office for the Admiral and his staff, and as a depot for supernumeraries. For that puipose, however, it is contended, it was utterly jiniecessary to fit her with 120 gunp, and to man her with 1,000 meD, collected with the greatest diffi- culty, and ut the expense of putting out nf commission more serviceable ships. Bj Fide«, ai a matter of fact, fan rein- forcements are not sent to the Ad- miral's ship at nil, but to the ships tbey are destinée» for, or the receiv- ing ships at Malta ; while, as regards the »Ueged unliealthiness of the iron ships, that is flatly contradicted by Admiral Hay, who btatea that the tra all est sick lists aro theo of the Resistance and Research. Tho mattor has dropped for the present, but the battle is only postponed to the opening of tho Parliamen- tary campaigD. The question of reform is again lifting its diminibhtd head. Several of the advancad Liberals have, as a matter of course, dwelt ou tho subject when visiting their consti- tuents, lord Grey has publiabed a fresh edition of his book, with valuable new chap- ters adapte'd to the times, in which he gives the result of hi« mature wisdom and expe- rience. Mr. Buxton has written a letter to The Times, full of acute roinaik und seasona- ble suggestion ; but that which bas attracted most attention is a great demonstration at Bradford, at which Messrs. Bazley and Forster figured very conspicuously. Avail- ing themselves of this meeting, the Liberal journals have made desperate efforts to get up the Bteam ; while The Times, faitblul to its self-appointed rule, has been doing its best to Bmother nil inci- pient enthusiasm beneath a wat blanket. In spite of Conseivativo opposition, kowevar, and tho general apatby or aversion of the public, it is thought by many petsons that lMr. Gladstone will bring in a bill for Parlia- mentary refoim. It is felt that something rauht be done, even at the eleventh hour, to enable the memberB of the IIouko of Com- mons to face their constituencies in the autumn. Jn another month, something more definite will probably be known. MR. DISRAELI ON CHURCH: REFORM. Mr. Disraeli bas como out as a churcb reformer. The Conservative leader, " every- thing by turns, and nothing long," hw found it necessary to bid for support among his doubtful allies. The occa- sion was a great meeting of Churohmen to promote the augmentation of poor bene aces in the diocese of Oxford. The place wai the Sheldonian Theatre, in that Universitj city; the audfenco was composed of High Church dignitaries, college dons, and under- graduates, presided over by the eloquent and astute bishop. A few Farliamentarysatellitet olfo weie present. Mr. Disraell'8 aim 13 te malee the Church truly and really a national institution. This, hit says, may bu dimi practically in the following ways:-1. Bj conducting the education of the people. 2 By a moderate extension of the episcopate 3\. By inviting the assistance and co-opora tion of the laity in all ecclesiastical matten not of a Btrictly spiritual nature. 4. By the assertion of the rights and duties of Church men which exist and are secured to then in our parochial constitution. 6. By the F'H'poit of diocesan institutions. These are what Mr. Disraeli has before recom mended. To them be now adds :-0. The I formation of convocation on a broader basis. 7. The putting the coloniil chuioh on a more satisfactory footing lu its relation to the Establishment ; and 8. The creation of n new tribunal of last nppenl in spiritual matter?. "These," eaid Mr.Disraeli, "furrn a Church policy perfectly temperate, practical, ! t'ilicitnt, and which he, of course, if placed in power, would carry out. Tho princip»! feature of the scheme is the Court of Appeal, which would Bpeedily sweep all heresy and heretics out of tho Church. Ho was very severe upon that school in the Establish- ment known as "Broad," and would show them little mercy or favour. The project has been elaborately discussed by the whole press of the country, but it finds little support even among Churchmen. To exchange a tri- bunal of learned and impartial law lords (ora conclave of spiritual dictators would be to jump out of the fryingpan into the ure. Better enduro the ills wu know than to rule | those wo wot not of. Such is tho general feeling. I ECCLESIASTICAL AFFAIRS. But we shall not improbably hear of this sub.Uct again. The project for transferring the juiisdiction of the Piivy Council over the Church to a court composed chiefly of bishops finds favour with some leading statesmen, con- spicuous among whom aro Mr. Gladstone and filr Roundell Palmer. Dr. Kellie, in a letter piinted in the tVuaret'tan.makesMr. Gladstone's adhesion to this scheme a reason why ho should not be opposed at the next election for the_ Oxford University. It may save his seat, which was generally regareled as hopelessly lost through bis radical backslidings. A liberal High Chuich statesman will be a startling spectacle'. Th« commotion in the ecclesias- tical world is daily excendiug and deepening, and must develope impoituut results. Di. Ktble', Dr. Ptisey, and Dean Stanley (under the alias of " AiiKlicanus "), have had a corre- spondence in '/he Times r.n the comparative inf-piration of ditferent portions of Scripture, ana the doctrine of endless punishment!. The authority of the fifth general council is invoked by the one siele, and repudiated by the other. A fortnight since au ad- dress, signed by 137.000 latinen of the Church of Er.gland, was presented to the archbishops, protesting against the recent judgment on the issaysand Review*. The nichbishops, in their leply, Btiid little that could reassure or encourage the memorlulietp. Things were bad, but they could not mend them. There is nothing for it but to go on as they are, in the hope that urn long tbey will somehow get out of their troubles. The great Colenso case has now reached the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, where the question of tho Bishop of Cupe Town's jurisdiction is being debated by some of our ablest lawyers. The main point tirgned is, the right and propriety of the inteifirenco of the Court of Appeal be- tween Dr. Gray, th« metropolitan bishop, and Dr. Colenso, bishop of Natal. The latter will recognise no supremacy but tin Archbishop of Canterbury. The» has been » rumour of tho intended resignation ol Harry of Exeter ; but, although he is eighty seven jeaisnld, it has been authoritative!;, announced that he is still cquul to the dutio: of his diccete. ANNIVERSARY OF PRINCE ALBERT'S DEATH. The 14th icst. was the third anniversary o the death of the late Prince ConBort, oi which occasion Her Mojesty and tho young?: members of the Royal fnmily visited tin be autiful mausoleum erected over the Prince' remains, and paid a fresh tribute to hi niernory. The opportunity was embraced b; several of our lendinR journals to deprec.it the nursing any lontrer of a morbid sorrow and to ureoon the Queen a return to publl life. The limes was especially carnes! pointed, and outs-poken on the subject. AUSTRALIAN AND NEW ZEALAN! EXPLORATIONS. At a recont meeting of the Royal Ooogrt phicol Society, a paper was read by Mi Stuart, on " The New Country of North Am trail», discovered by Mr. John Macdoua StuBit." He proposed calling it Alexandr Land, after tho Princess of Wales. On a sul sequent occasion, a paper was read " On a Expedition to the West Coa6t of Otago, an the discovery of a practicable route over th mountains to the gold-fields and the Eat Const," by Dr. Hector; and this was followed h a narrative of a hazardous journey perforate by Mr. Albeit Walker and two other yean men, along the West Coast of the Middl Island, New Zealand. THE RETURN OF AUSTRALIAN EXPIREES. I Your export cargo of convicts has not yi come to band. As the fact of their sbipmer was received by telegram from Suez aB earl as the 2nd of this month, our police author ties will be on the alert, and the poor fellov will find themselves objects of undosirc notoriety. It is well that the Ministorii concession was already on ita way when ti tidings came of this "rough practical joke of the colonists, or it would piobubly liai c-xciteu a good deal of exasperation in ti mini) of the Biitish public. As it wu tbo first momentary feelini! of annoyaue and alger speedily subsided, and peop joked about this strange form of n misais with a sort of amui-ed contenir The best frauds of the colonists regr the cou«e tuken by a pot Mon of the Viet rian public, although marked by a retiibuti' consistency. I bave nil nloug expressed n conviction that vour grievances would not j loLg uuredreBted. THE NEW ZEALAND WAR. The disappointing news from New Zaalat has greatly discouraged the mother countr The war threatens to be chronic and inte minable. Sir George Groy is censured by large portion of our press. Mr. Chichester Fortescue, M.P., Undi Secretary for the Colonies, made a speech some interest at Maldon a fow evenln lince. Ile informed his audience that anotb campaign would be necessary in Now Z; lane, though he hoped and believed it wou betbelafct; and that tiansportation to t Auetralias would bo discontinued. Alter i ferting with satisfaction to the creation of Caiadian Confederation, he touched on t reform question in an uncertain kind way, appearing to deprecate anylurgeext« sion of tho »ufi'rage; protested againBl : withdrawal from the exercise of British inf] once in Europe ; and said that he could or sympathise with rho Fedérala us far as th were fighting for a boundary to prevent t further extension of slavery. ACCIDENTS AND OFFENCES. Disasters, by sea, by land, and by rail, ha been moro than UBually rife during the pi month. There have been eeveral dread railway collisions, attended with sacrifice life, tho most calamitous being that in Blai heath Tunnel. Several distressing und fa ii recks of ships and passenger steamers ks occurred on the north-eastern coast duri the raping of a protracted gale. On f southern bank of tho Thames there has bn another mighty conflagration, second only tbat in'Tooley-street a few years Bince. 1 distinction of produce and other propel wns immense. And in Lombard-fctreeit a vi mjsterlous robbery of bullion, banltnot bills of exchange, &c;, has been pereetrat at the cilices of Messrs. Baum. The burgh was committed butweeu the Saturday a the Monday, and no clue, it is believed, 1 been dkcovered to the guilty parties. OBITUARY. We have loßt the excellent Earl of Carli formotly Lord Morpeth; David Robert), t painter; the Hon. \Vm. Dayton, United St« entoy at Paris; Rev, Dr. Archer, the w. known Presbyterian minister in Londo Rev. Alix. Ewin«, of Gosport; Sarje« Sti phe n ; and Mr. John Fairbairn, of the Ua formerly editor of the Commercial Adiiertitet OERMAN QTJAHBELS. It has happened as was all along foreseen The robbery of the Duchies having been con summated, the robbers have teen quarrelling over the spoils And the progress of events abundantly proves, that the popular instinct which attributed to the arch burglar a deter minalion to appropriate the liou's'share bas not erred. Tho contest between Prussia, Austria, and the Confederation, which had for 8ome time been simmering about a month (?go broke violently ont, and threatened to de velope mto a deadly feud The inevitable hour arrived when all specious pretences and protestations of disinterestedness must be laid BBidi, and M Bismarck mu°t stand forth in his true character. In imputing to that statesman un'cnipulouBncsB und rapacity of no common older, he has not been maligned, for the selfishness and arrogance which have marked his recent policy in relation to tho disposal of the Duchies could scarcely ba sur passed and, as so often happens in this bud tv orld, these evil qualities have for the present triumphed Aut-tna and the Confederation after a gieat deal of boirible grinning and angry rnutteiing, have 01 ce more "caved in,1 and the exulting Bismarck and his Boyal m ab ter are lords paramount of the " situa tion " A lew words will sullies to explain the nature and bearings of IhiB luteat struggle for atcendancy Glancing retrospectively, it will bo remein bered that as the ürst step towards the solu lion of the bchleswig Holstein difficultv the Diet ordered its troops to occupy the second Duchy A considerably body of Hanovorians and Saxons, commanded by General Hake, accordingly occupied it as the army of exe- cution," and have continued in posse sion until very recently. 'Ihe Prussians never liked this arrangement, for very obvious reasons and some months ago, towards tho close of the hostilities, they demanded that Rendsburg-, the j,reat foitieoi of Holstoin, should be handed over to them Hie Diet delajmg to comply Prince Chatios took advantage of a street riot among the soldiers to inform General Halte that hu must leave the fort, and that if it were not evacuated he should be com pelled to employ force To avoid thiSbcandal the Federal commander aeooidingly retired angrily protesting against tho unseemly out rage, but the al my of occupation u ill con- tinued m the Duchy After the eloao of the war, the troops of the Diet were marched into Lauenbuig Whatever tim pretext might bo for this movement, tbu real motive was to luttent the Duchy from declßung for abforption in Prussia, and to prevent that ambitious and bui-pccted power from esta Wishing an exclusive military control The hopo of the Princes of the Gonfede ration has all along been thac the war would i h bli e in the creation of anothei small state, which berne, vvealtj}, maritime and well «Huated jjoold prove a considerable as cession to their stiengtb aud perhaps entibio them to net independently of the groat I powers who now so insolently domineer over them, aLd become a scpirate entity in Europe Thle-, however, is just what Prussia did not wish, and waa determined, ut any cost, to deitah All the advantages so eagerly coveted by Geimany she dtMrod for herself She, thcrcloie, ni the final arrangement with Denmark insisted that the Duchies bhoald be mriendcred to the ellie-), and not to Ger many , and iib Austria had no paiticular in- terest m resisting a \ roposul in nself gratify lug to her pride, bIio acquiesced 'lue right of pufcSfr(.Hion raised to the two powerp and th«-n the true quarrel bogan The clevei BiFmaick bavmg thus outwitted the princely stetelhrcB, made at once his leg ii and logical demand 'Hie reason lor the occupation having ceased, the. Diet was le quested to recall its army, and loave Prussia and her ally to disposo of the conquered temtory as tbey might see fit Austria did not join m the demand, and a great deal of irritutiin was excited at Vienna, bj the dis graceful subserviency of tie Government of 1 itincis J on ph. to the rival Northern poner But, although not posfesbing the uianhnebS and (ournie openly ro resist the high bandid troceedings of Prusbia, the Austrian Mtni-tn ticretly eneournged the members of the Diet to vote aganiBt the, proposal of Bismard The\ declined to obey the sutu rnona of the Prus-tun autocrat At this period tbreoontof the four Austrian brigids hat1 alrt adv been withdrawn Ire m the Duchies, and the Pinjian troup* were making pre partitions for their departure, but it hal evi dcntly been iee,olved that they hhould not quit moir cantonments until the S_tou and ilunovirinn contingmts had disappeared across the borders This intractubleness on the pajt of the Diet exab[crated and loUBed the PiusnttiuPre- mier I lie march of the Pmssian troops was suspended, anti order» vvoiciboutd for the con ceiitrntiou of troops near Minden and Bellin- ugly symptoms of nn approaching brush Mtanwhilc on the 29th November the Hanoverian and So ton Government* wera formally summoned to withdraw then forces from Holstein aud Lauonburr;, and a defiulte atiBwa was peremptorily dem tndei within five dujs llic lep^cnlatrve. of the two bthtis tought the counsel und support ot Austria and the Bund Iho lutter fretted and fumed, and talked valiantly of ofieiiiig passive je-Silstunce to the Mollineo uf Bit- nmitk but ut this juncture the knipovnrof Aut-triu intervened, by making a dtrect appeal to the king of Prussia lor moderation and prudetce Ihe Prince of Hjhenzollem acted (is mtdtatoi bciwton the two sove reigns lor toity-eight horns, the tele graph between the two capitalb whs rou tinunlly at work, mil at last the Ber hu Government accepted the proposal of Ausfrin which was ro the etfeet tout the Geiman Bund (should bj infoimed officially bj the two Ienriirg powers thut the Federal execution in ITolatciu and Lauenburg wis nt au end, the object willoh the Diet had in view having been tully attained Xhiscnm piomiso was curried out 1 be Diet stiiltlh d itself One day it resolved, by a rinijouty of eight vc tes to fcev en that deneial Hake should remain where he was until further orders , and a few dajs later it accepted by nine voices to si\ the Austro Pru«sitn proposition fir the immédiate e-iiicuation ut the two Duchies llanover hud already Bhown the while feather, Bud intimated in the official Gazette that it should eju way , S i\\.onj, how- ever insulted by the acute and pc-tinacious M Beust resisted the humiliating step to the lost 1 ho question relativ« t > iho termination oJ the redor il execution being Rettie«! ntiothei ot u far moro delicate! aud embirrtksins nature springs to the foreground and will soon set all Germany together by tim oars namely, the question of succession Tor the nonce the Government of the Duchio-, ic being ndministered hy Prussian and Anstriac commissioners, till llie dynastic diffioultj can bo Eohcd. It is thought bv some thai an Record ha9 beeu established between tue two leading powers on thw subject bnl others, looking at the exorbitant domandt said fo have been made by Prussia, on condv tion of hi r recognition of the Duke ot AugUB' teuhurg, are inciedulous of this identity oi views, and believe that even yet the Austrian Cabinet may be dnvon to assume an attitude of hostility. As a direct and avowed nunns: ation of the DucbieB would bo too outrageoni an act even for nil enduring Germany, it n piobable that Bismarck and his master woulc prefer tho appointment of the Duke of Augus tt-nhirg provided his tovureignty could bl restricted within limits favourable to thi supremacy and mteri i-ts of Prussia But, witt the view of thwarting Prusaiun ambition it is not improbable* that tho Diet, vvhi have a potential volte in the succession ques tion, may put forward and support tho riva claims ot ttit Duke of Oldenburg IhBrue motin! of that claimant is already bafori the Diet, although it is Raid that the mo mortal is nn nt companied by the chief mstru ment on which its conclusions are based namoi j, the act of renunciation by Rubsia o Its lights to the Gottorp district In f .vour o the Duke of Oldenburg The reason generally given by the German press for the absence o suppression of this document is, that it con talus a claim to the Duchy us revolting to thi Imperial House of Russia on the failure o the present family of Oldenburg Thus it i evident that there is no lack ot combustible to kindle a conflagration throughout Gor many Tho Acto Free Press, of Vienna, asserts tha K. Bismarck has informed the Austrian am paseador of the extent of his master's claim The Prussian King stabrs that he will sane tion an " independent ' Schleswig Holsteii only on the iollowlng terms -A militar; convention, a mnritlmn union, the mnritim ineoxiptloD to be at Prussian disposal th session of Kiel, the sovereignty of tho Eide Can ah and the foreign representation of the DucbieB. In other words, Prussia claims sovereignty in all matters essen- tial to tho formation of a German fle^t, and suzerainty in nil others. The work of absorption meanwhile is going on wherever opportunity offer». Take an example. Tho navy of the Duchies, which consists of mote than 600 ships, of all ton- nage, since tbo separation from Denmark ha» no distinctive flag. Austria proposed to create a Schieß«ig- Holstein fl.ig, and make it know n to foreign nations. Prussia refused, and at once authorised these ships to sail under the Prussian flap, and treats them as national. What is this but annexation ? Austrin, piqued at this consummate impu- dence, huB, in Its tuin, authorised the navy of the Duchies to adopt the Austrian flag; and has placed it on the rame footing and under the tame protection as its oma commercial marine. Delightful harmony! To give an air of legality io the Prussian meditated usurpations, M. ven Bismarck, and bis uúBciupuluus adheieuts, profess to have discovered, in the Prussian archives at Btilin, five slate documents of the highest ittipfntancototbemin the furtherance of their ambitions scheme«. They are-1, the con- ti act ed marriage between the Elect or Joicbiin I. of Brandenburg, and tho Princess Eliza- beth of Denmark, which was drawn up in 1600; the renunciation, in the year 1502, by the above-mentioned Princess Elizabeth of tho lieiitage of her father ; S, a declaration on (be part of Kicg John I. of Den- mark relative to the renunciation by his daugbtV-r Elizabeth of her claim to his heri- tage (this document, was drawn up in 1508) ; 4, a privilege (priviler/tum) «anted by the Emricror Maximilian I. in 1617, by which Is continued the justice of tho claims of the Princess Elizabeth and her posterity to the one-half of Holstein and Schleswig, and event- ually (that is under certain ciicumstanees) to the other half; 6, a document signed in 1530 by the Emperor Charles V, which confirms the privilego gianted to the Elector Joachim I. by tho Empeior Maximilian. No one in Austria Ir die] osed tei attach importance to the documents, but their publication at tho present moment is deemed highly significant. THE POSITION OF PRUSSIA. The progress of the game of politics on the great German chessboard is watched with giowing interest throughout Europe. The general opinion in, that Prussian daring and unbounded assumption will win. In their pre BenJ^ain-gloilous mood, nothing is impossible toíhem, With the bravest ni my in Eurono, and the finest weapons in the world, of whom should tbey be afraid? At last, they feel they are beginning to take their rightful position in the wide Fatherland. Glutted with victory, ned intoxicated with self-ap- plause, all (head of war seems to have passed uwny. The troops have returned home «dated by their woi.drous exploits and have been welcomed by King and people with ful- some eulogiee; but the idea is apparent that tliey ara ouly to rest for a »easou, till called out to fight on other fields. A career of conquest Is evidently on the topis. With luceesscs so glorious In the Duchies plucked from poorDeumiuk, »hat is to prevent "PrmBia's good sword " advancing i the lionticisof the Fatherland sfdl further ? Aie tbeie not dukelings aud princelings in abundance waiting to Iv swallowed up? Are thtre not other peoples wearily waiting and bightug to be, in the Berlin chief burgo- master's wordB, " mrrouuded by the shield of PiUfcBia'sprotection und power," and "gripped and imbued with Piunda's stem discinline and order, and state forming strength ?" " Wo re joice," goes on the sj coptinncte functionary, " in the gloriiiusly-gaitied peace, mid aro prond of it. Greatthiugs have boen attained: buttha hand still rests upon the sword. We have confidence in the King. Ho will speak the tight vioid at the right time. What he has begun, of his free, royal resolution, for the maintenance of Getman power and honour, hu will curry through to a goo.i r-nd- to a conclusion ulike honourable and fraught with blessiugs to Piussia aud Ger tnuiy." With this fever lor dominion and e m pire burning in the breuBta eif King, Go- vernment, anil people, wo may confidently lt.ok, fot agitation »and ohv.gajor.Borau time to come in ibu north of Europe. The chief It-Hrniut hitherto on Prubsian aggressivo liifcH-the dieael of Aut-tria-lias lost iw power of late. The Ministry presided over by Count Rechbtrg played bo ignoble aud cov.aidly a part as to Invite the contempt «ncl presumption of tho Ptussian Premier. Until reemtly, the ruleiB at Berlin did not dare to preis the princes and minor king* of the confederation bejoud a certain point, hut thtlr cisuBu sbeiuld be nctively espoused by Austria: but that danger id nowscaicely an nppret ¡able quantity. "If tbo gamo to be pla)id is e«no of brag," Bay« one of our tiblest journnK "Prussiu can sall nearest the wind, for nothing except attack Coulel tempt Austria to encounter Ncrth Geimiinj, Italy, anil Hun- gary all at once, with nosubstantial aid except the Bavaiiau aimy. If, on the other hand, it is to be one of dühting, It id by no means certain that Austria, bumpered by the neces- sity of maintainiug huge garrisons iu Venice, Gallictu, lind Hiingarj, would be seourB'ot victory; and cn co eieteateil by Prusria in a pitched battle, she would bi as a German btate extinct. Tberu is but one power winch could help her: and while) Fiance would de mand in íeturn the trcedom of Venetia, theSnvi reign who invited the Frer oh beyond the Rhine would never bo eiupaior of Ger- many. Tho chatiee-s ore all iu favour <»f PrutBiu, and nerr Von Bismarck is not the mun to lit hie oppnitunity elip. If nis niiihter can be induced to njrne, bo will probably fctrive for a real addition to tho strength and lesouic. k of Pru-isiu, if not tor a definitu acknowledgement that in diplomacy and in war nie repreBunto «nd t» Geimauy from tho Eider to the Ileirgebirgp." An impier&ion; of this kind appears also ta be prevalent in Austria, and ii very bitten feeling is rankling in the minds of the Libetalseepecially, ut the humiliating results of the policy puitued by their Government During the lecent dlscussloua on the adilreot in the Rfichfc-ratb,seveialepeakersstatjd with comidemble acrimony that Atiptiia had been simply made a. tool of by the unscrupulous Bi-maick, and had been c.joled into a Hue o' policy opposed to herintweats and eoneleinnoc by he rcunicie'Lce. The Government itself, ii would seem, is painfully loubciousot its mis tulse and the igneiminy of its petition. There have been ntteruni'us in high quarters about the need of conciliating the Germau Diet aud defending its rluhtt) ngaiubt the high banded PriiRt-ian dictator, But most eigniQ cant of i.U is the speech of Count Menseiorf Potiill.v, who bus beeu culled in at the las moment to refcue tbo focelg'i relations o Auttria from utter collapse. Hu Bayu. with i hesitancy which U full of meuninu, "A hope however, may be expressed that the intaresb of Germany muy bo upheld without any dis ttirbauco of the friendly relutious wltl Prussia, relations to which the Imperio Government attaches much importance. The hope in diplomats language implied tin fear very strongly, and it ia evideutthat th unnatural concord, or rather concert, is a an end. TEE SORROWS OF THE HESSIANS. The political woes of an obscure Earopeai community of 760,000 bouIb may not ia thom selves perhaps possess any strong interest ii the,' antipodes ; but as furnishing a probabl field for the versatile statesmanship of a Bis niarck, and fresh prey for Prussian acquis! tiveness, the present condition of tho Elec torate of ITesse-Casäel is worthy of moment's attention. Two years ogo thor was a hubbub in this little state; th people quarrelled with their Elector, ui braiding him with extravagance, rapacity and political infidelity, and Prussia Bteppe in and took the part of the citizens agnins their ruler. To pacify them, the Electo solemnly promised to re-establish the Const: tutlon of 1830, which had long since bee: abrogated by the arbitrary fiat of the haugh t and voluptuous Prince. Two years and mor h ave ewept by, and the promise being still ur fulfilled, the Chambers presented a wrong n monstrance on the subject to the EUictoi They drew a most melancholy plcturo of th condition of the country, in which everythin is going to decay and ruin, and pleaded har for the inauguration of restorative meawrei and so on. The Elector deigned to send a lou reply, full of reproaches, avoiding all the sp. clfic grievances alleged, and telling hislegis't tors to mind their own bueincss, and 1 future to abstain from taking steps incom- patible with the authority of their Sovereign. What are tho poor serfs to do? Any revo- lutionary movement-even the attempt to ftop supplies for the Elector and his large nnd costly morganatic family-would bring in n Federnlexecution, the entire expense of which they would have to defray. The only alter- native before them is wholesale emigration, or the offer of their country to Prussia, triist iiirr to that power to devise a plan for extri- cating them from their present miseries. Of what use is ii Diet if it cannot abate or abolish such a scandal as this in the heart of Europe? THE AUSTRIAN PARLIAMENT AND MINISTRY. The present session of the Reichsratb, for several reasons, is likely to bo marked by peculiar interest. The empire is in a critical position, and must either go boldly forward in the path of constitutional reform, or pay the penalty in dismemberment, paralysis, and financial ruin. The debate on the address to the Emperor has given occasion for a great deni of frank and candid criticism. The nddresB itself, as agreed to by the comtnittoe of the Reichsrath, exhibits u commendable spirit of independence, and a dear perception of the wnnts aud necessities of the empire Its tone, though respectful, is firm and dignified ¡ and it betrays an evident determination on thepaitofthu representative-! to enlarge the boundaries oí the privileges already concedod to lhtm. Tbcy express regret that constitu- tional action has not begun, or bas been in- terrupted, in a large portion of the empire ; and they dwell with special emphasis on tho necessity of terminating the state of siego in Gallicia, and of speedily convoking the Hun- garian and Croatian Diets, The paragraphs alluding to the inglorious results of the Prus- sian alliance have already been roferred to. The-y do not conceal their sense >if the grave financial difficulties into which the empire is plunged, and they tell the Sovereign vory distinctly that the mensures proposal hy the Government aie wholly inadequate to avert disaster. Tiny hint, not objeurely, that they do not intend, as was sug^ened in tte Imperial speech, to dtau.43 the budg.-ts for 18(15 und i860 at once; and, above all, they felt impelled to state very emphatically that the passing of the long-promised law on Ministerial responsibility "lurms one of tho most urgent items in the completion of con- stitutional state institutions in Austria." The struggle between the principles of the old regime n_d tho3u of the new, will be watched wltii deep interest by all free pjopies. The mixture of tho two systems is jint political suicide. Much, very much, depjnds upon the tendency of the present session whether the empire emerges into new lif<", strength, nud prosperity, orsinks into awreck and min. The piospecis are not bright. Tho Geverument Bhowa an unimst-kabiodeter- mination (0 maintain tim aimy ou a war fooling, in order to ho prepared for emer- gen ci et-snob, for example, a« an insurrection in Venetia, or som« fresh ambitious outbreak of Prussia. In reply to some speaker who wa* urging retiorcbment on the 2cid inst., the Minister of W»r told tho House in an ox cited tine, that " Atisttia would give her la-it mau-not to speak of her lust florin-for the maintenance of hor power abroi'!," ?which is not veTy eucoutagtng to a Cham- ber pleading lor réduction of expenditure. Again, ou the discussion of the clines re- lating to the state or si»ce in G.iliicin, the Mini*try became so excited that the Emperor had to warn them not to como to a rupture with tho Reichsrath. The diíüciihies of the Government are certainly immensn ; let us hope they may not pruvu insuperable. The reduction of tho army means tho reconcilia- tion of Hungary and 'hn ri- limini-mment of the Italian province. Can (he Emperor bring his mind to those two steps ? If si, the empire is saved. DENMARK. After a year of struggle and disaster, this diminished little nation is settling down to i its old quiet ways. The huted presence of their oppressors no longer dar kuna the houses of Jutland: but the King has paid a visit of condolence anà.-syuipithy to -tho afflicted people of that part of his shorn dominion*. While at Kolding, a deputation of 0,000 Noith Schleswigeis presoutod tin address to their late Sovereign, in which they testify their deep love for the ancient Fatherland, aud their bitter sorrow ut their violent i-ever ance lioin Denmark. The King advised them to be icasouablp, and submit with patie nee to their hard late'. The Copenhagen Government meanwhile ia occupied in re oignnizing its army and its administration. The riisehnrgetl functionaries in the Duchiei are allowed to make claims for pensions. The urmy is ropluccd on its ancient, tooting; the comniandership-in-nbief Is suppressed ; and Gcnrrul Steinemann, who latterly com- manded at Düppel and Alsen, is now at the henil of the second division. The iliuiitors of Denmaik to Vienna unti Prankfort have also returned to their pasts. As no inconsi- derable sum is required to square up accounts and fatii- fy rapacious foreign duns, tho Go- vernments in the market for a loan. ITALY AND THE CONVENTION. There is comparativo calm in Italy again. The fever of the past three months lins passed away, and men of all parties are becoming more or less reconciled to the great change which bus been initiated. The important debates 011 the convention, and on the finan- cial mensures of the Ministrj-.huVii terminito'l autpicioiibly. Tho momentous schume, which on itB first announcement excited such as- tonishment und coniternation, has benn adopted in its full integrity. It will bo re- membered that the hill for trntisferrinir the onpilal toPlorenco was passed to the Chamber of Deputies by the kiga majority of 2'JG to sixly nine inenibois. a much less decisive vote was exuected in the Semite, a body less accessible to popular influences. Eut even In this branch of Legislature the verdict of tho Deputies wai ratified on the 9th iust. b.v the large majority of 134 tt; 47 members. Tbu*, alter prutructed discus- sions, which will reflect lasting honour upon it, tho Jtulian Parliament has ondorseil the conclusionB of public opinion on tho subject : and, according to the terms of the protocol annexed to the convention, within Bixmontbe of the Royal absent to theno bills Florence it to bicorne the cnplt'il ol Italy, and Turin te sink into a provincial city. The Royal do> cree »auctioning the convention appeared on the loth, and the new treaty with France haB accordingly como into force. The troopf of (hu Emperor are bound to ovacuate Rome within two yeurs. The Bpeecli which did more than any othei to reconcile the Italian people anil theil leaders to this new policy was that of Genera Cinidibi. It astonished and delighted every^ body. He was already well known m c hi uve mid successful general; ho now takei rank as a powerful and accomplished orntor In an eloquent uddress that gallant ' ofiicei argued the quehtioti of removing the capita on nnlionnl and military grounds. Thi carrying; out of the convention was a ques tion of faith-faith which could not ba com mundell, but which was felt and Inspired That treaty nt least insured the etepar ture of the foreigner. That was an " in finito good." But the transfer of tin capital was a mutter of internal poiic; and defence, not only against Austria, bu also against France uercelf. With lier capi tal behind the Apponines, Italy would Di moto independent of the latter, and Iris liable to aggression from the former. "I votv . for tile convention," the general Baid. '' be cause it seems to roe to wake us up from thi lethargy into which we had sunk for twi ycnrs.and to have a salutary eil'ect in rousinj the national sentiment. I vote for it becausi it sniictions, confirms, consecrates th< thougla and Bpirit which truly inspired tir Italian resurrection, by transplanting thi capital and tho dynasty into one of the an nexed provinces." It was not to others the; must look for the safety, the strength, am tho future of Italy; but to themselves Liberty, independence, national unity, wer blessings for which too high a price could no bo paid. But the entire speech should b perused. As The Time» remarks, it Is " some- thing more than a successful or oratorica effort ; it is in itself an event." THE SITUATION AT ROME. At Rome, the situation remains unchanged Outwardly, everything is calm. The people with a new-bora hope In their breasts, de- mean themselves nobly. There ia no ex- citement, no exultation, no demonstration of delight at their coming deliverance. No pretext is afforded for the interference of the authorities. A kind of armod penco appears to bo established by tacit agreement. The citizens know that to wait is now the highest virtue. That there is the Bame buoyant confidence among the cardinals and priesthood would bo too much to aflirm. They aro in a maze of perplexity. Their councils are divided. A proposal, it is Baid, was lately discussed by the cardinals to migrate to one of tho Ba- learic Iriands, but it was rejected by tho majority. Some papers assort that Napoleon, in conjunction with the other Catholic powers, has offered to guarantee the Pope's present possesbions, provided he will become reconciled to Italy ; but the Pontiff decliueB the overture, because its acceptance would imply his renunciation of tho Church's claim to the usurped provinces. An anec- dote, however, la current to the effect that the Pope admitted to Don Vincenzo Colonna ipccntly, that the temporal power is not absolutely essential to the maintenance of the Romish religion. Is ho preparing to resign himself to the inevitable? THE INSURRECTION IN VENETIA. The insurrection iu Venetia is quite eup pieesed, and martial law, which had been proclaimed by Anstrla in the district of Friuli, has been abolished. It ia said to have been made experimentally - to test tho temper of the population, and to commit, if possible, the Italian Government. The instigators pretend tobo satisfied with the result of tho trial in the first respect, but they aro disappointed aud angry with tie Government for its refusal to aid eir connive. General Tutr, who has resigned his commibbion in tim Italian army, has pantiud au elaboiato argumentativo letteir on the Ve- netian question. Ho utteily disbelieves iu the ceesion of Venetia hy Austria, either with or without territorial compensation ; and urges upon Italy either to attempt to wrest the proviuco from her grasp at once by a tre- mendous war, or to adopt the alternative of eisarniing. The present policy, of maintaining enormous nrmamonts, noel eloing nothiug with them, i», he contends, rapidly impover- ishing end crippling the nation. Strike, he says in eflect, or don't inonuce. RUSSIA AND ROME. The Russian Government in Poland has c'osed seventy-one monasteries and four con- vents, because they did not contain the cnnonically prescribed number of monks and nuns. Tbirty-nino monasteries and convonts have been shut up, b: cause their inhabitants aEsiated their fellow-countrymen during the rebellion. The inmateB of the suppressed houses may enter other religious establish- ments, or will ho allowed to go abroad ne tho public expense. The confiscated property is to be devoted to ecclesiastical, educational, and charitable purposes. The unsuppressed reli- gious houses are forbidden to maintain relations with either the provincials or gene- raba of their orders. This is a terrible mensuro of rétribution for the prominont port taken by the Romish priesthood in the late insurrection. The aim of tho Imperial policy is obviously to paralyse tho Catholic power in Poland, aud force the people into tho Orthodox Greek Church. General Berg ia getting signatures to an adilress, requesting the complete iucorpiration of the kingdom of Poland with the "Russian Empire. Those meamres have, of course, greatly exasperated the Couit at Rome, which uiissea no oppor- tunity of exhibiting its iirltation. The Pope has determined no longor to receive at tvio Vatican the Russian chirgc d'affaires, M. de Meyendorff, which has led thus gentle- man to resolve not to join In the congratula- tions offered te» the Pope at Christmas by the corps diplomatique. RUSSIAN ENCROACHMENTS IN ASIA. Whllo this semi batbirous power is un- easily digesting Poland iu tho wcBt, it is still pubblngits outposts further and furthor east- wards. Wo v/<f?fp lately informed that the Russians have beaten the Khan of Khooand. Khocand, a town of 100,000 inhabitants, and foirouiiy the residence of Ghengis Khan, is situated about 1,800 kilometres east of the Caspian Sea, on the very frontiers of the Chínete empire. This victory insures to Rush» tho conquest of all Tntkisfcin. Alf ghanibtan is in open insurrection, aud hero again the intrigues of Russ!« are recognisable. She is encroaching e-very where. MINISTERIAL, CRISIS IN SPAIN. Spaiu has again passed through the agonies of a Ministerial mists. The rule of Narvaez seemed destined to be cxtiemely brief and inglorious. The occasion in said to have been a disngiecmont with the Queen regard- ing the treatment of St. Domingo. The council of Ministers had unanimously decided to announce the abandonment of St. Domlugo in the speech from the throno, but the Queen refusing her assent, tho Ministers resigned. The Euglish Government, it is Baid, intends io ictiigtiize the luhuigenta ot the inland as belligi'ituts, and has declared the Siuuish blockade incflictuul. Great difficulty having been experienced iu forming n now Ministry, the Queen va-» comtitlled to request thu late Ministers to rtsum« their portfolios. list Miijtbty has yielded to tho force ol public opinion, us no iillusiou is made to a coatiuued prosecution of the narin St. Domingo in the Reijiil addiess to the Cortes. Amoiopence lul policy will prubably be inauguruteei. Meanwhile, the notion ot a federation of tho South American Republics, the butter to oppose a bold front to the encroach- ments of Spain, finds favour. It is to bo hoped that the idea will be successfully carried out. AFFAIRS IN FRANCE. In France there Is n dead calm. People's b'eath íb dravvu in expectation of some stirring utteiances by the Emperor on the fateful 1st day of January, or, if not then, on the opening of the Chambers. There is a nimour eui rent that an exchange of ideas on the subject of a Euiopean Congress has lately taken place between the English and French Governments, and that on this occasion it is duo to the initiative of England. At the same time, the French papers appear to have re- ceived orders to propose a general disarma- ment of Europe, and it ia expected that the Emperor's addiess to the Chambers will contain some inkling of his policy in this matter also. The impression abroad that our own Government intend to propose consider- able reductions iu the military und naval establishments lends somo countenance to thi idea of u more peaceful future. The Emperor Napoleon has eustained a heavy and irreparable loss by the death of M. Mocqnard, who had been nearly all his life the attached friend and stanch adherent, and for several yeura the confidential secre- tary, of the present ruler of France. He was boin In 1701, served under the First Empire, und remained faithful to the Bonaparte family to the lait. A state trial has taken place in Paris re- cently, which, in any country where liberty had net been suffocated, would havo caused grent public excltoment ; but, although in- volving a question of constitutional rlgot of vast moment to every citizen, the case has attracted little ultoution In Franco beyoud the rnnge of the few liberals who «instituto the Opposition in the Chamber, and their im- mediate friends. Some time ngi thirteen members of an Electoral Committee in Paris were prosecuted by the Governmeut iu one of the inferior courtB for belonging to nu illegal association. Thoy were condemned; but the declt-ion was bo utterly contrary to the letter of the law, that they reterredtho caseto the C'urt of Appeal. But It was all of no use. lu spite of the brilliant eloquence and masterly logic of their distinguished ad- vocates, the decision of the tribunal below was conflrmod. The venal judges gave a verdict which they knew would ploaso tho Government. The case, however, is to be carried to the Court of Cassation; and should ti at tribunal finally decide against the de- fendants, ic will be almost impossible in any future election to tbeCorpB Législatif to offer cry comblntd opposition to the Governtncn', candidate. All political associations for electoral purposes-all committees, in fact are pronounced Illegal. The only liberty left ia to vote for the Government caudidate ! From another iucidcut of tho month it would appear that these Draconinu laws against liberty of action and speech are ap- plicable to high and low alike. Abject sub- mission is «acted by the Emperor from all biB 6f rvant", however exalted or humble their position. Even tim zealous and faithful Per fcigny has received an Imperi»l snubbing for momentary furgetfuhiess of duty to his master. This favourite cx-ofticiul, whose rigorous administration of the prei« laws during his Ministerial rule will bo in the recollection of evorybody.was so injudicious as tobo drawnintoacorrespondence on that most delicate of subjects, the liberty of tho presa, with M. Emile de Girardln, iu which ho ex- pressed wishes for modifications and relax- ations which travo great offeuce to the Em- peror. The olliinding duke was summoned to Compiegne to receive a reprimand. "I cannot permit one whoso ears aro ro near my lil« to be in communication with an indis- creet writer," the Emperor is reported to have Fait!. The incident tianspired, and was a fruitful topio of gossip aud discussion for a week or ten days. FRENCH OUTRAGES IN LIFU. Full details have reached the British pub- lic of the brutal outrages committed by tho Frcnoh Governor of New Cak¿l»uia on tho inhabitants of Lifu, and the entire press of the country has pronounced a unanimous condemnation of the proceedings. Tho affair 1*8 a counterpart of tho Tahiti tragedy-thus ?' far at leaBt ; but there is a general persuasion that the Emperor Nitpoloou will not imitate the example of Louis Philippe, and risk a ' rupture with this country by becoming the patron of such a villain as Governor (ïuil lniu. Although Government interference is not actually invoked, it is taken for granted that suitable renannstrances will bo addressed lo the French Government. The 'Hints had ii very earnest and serious letidor on tlte sub- ject ; and the» cool Spectator, to its infinito credit, declares that its blood bolls to hear of such iniquities committed by roon who claim to be iu tim forefront of civilisation. AMERICA. THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. Tho Congress of tho United States as- sembled on the öth iu6t., for tho short ses- sion, and received the second inaugural of their re-eiectid chief. It is by no means a cheery document, though an attompt is made to put the b.'st faca on matter«. It passes in review the present condition of tho Union, ita various iutoieBts, its relations to its neighbours and to European powers, its finnncial stato anti prospects, its naval and military armanients and resoiutVB, and, finally, the line of policy which it will pur- sue. In one or two points, the message deals with questions of intercut to the Biitisb. and Canadian Governments, such as the uso niRdu by iho Confederates of our ports at Nassau and in British Americi, and tho lut« laids from the Canadian frontier, which have led the Northern Govornuient ti give notico of their intention to increase their na\al forces on the Lakes Tim topics aro handled, however, without bitterness or blusti r. The manifesto disappoints all expectations of concession, compiomisn, or retrogression. Tho war is to be curled on wita auircaented «ncigv and resolution for tho lestorution of Iho Union, and the po'icy of Enrmcipation is to be pursued to its logical and triumphant conclusion. So far frotü retracting or raodi , lying his proclamation, ho proposes tj seek ' lor it ino constitutional sanction of Cjn grcsr. Although ho failed hist session to secure the requisite two-thirds majority, he ("inks that diilicnlty would not now have to be encountered. Contrary to the expecta- tions excited by General Butler's unauthor- ized avowals at Novy York, therf is t'> bs no immediate attempt to open negutiat!o-8 with Presidí nt Du vis. Mr. Lincoln's theory is that the Southern people »re actlnt? under thu tyrannical coustraiuts of the S mtliorn Pre- sident and his ambitious colleague-", and ho imaginis that if hu continuas " p.'gginï away " two yenrd longer, till the expiration of his antagonist's lease of power, thu pjople, free to act for themselves, will vote ihiimseivos back into the Union. Mümiwnil? the war must go on. The only coudition of puice ho will recognise is the cessation of fighting and resistance on the part of thoju wao he«tin lliem. Mr. Lincoln iako3 a most buoyant vijw of the inexhaustible strougth mid vitality of tho nntlon. The command of mun is illimitable. The elections pi ove that there is no ex- haustion of living material. Regiments, bri- gades, divisions, coips, tight auddvviudloanil go out of existence, " but tho majority oí the men who composed thern uro still living" olse, he sajs, so many voters could not have been found. America, be asserts, Inn moro men now than when the war lie g in; she is not exhausted, nor in process of exhaustion; on the contrary, i-ho is gaining strength, and maj-, if need be, maintain tlie contes; inde iinitelj'. A view equally rose-coloured is taken of the financial position. All material resources ' nie moro completo and abundant than ever. Tho debt ciovviug so portentously, lias no terrors. ''Held as it is for the most p.irc by our own people," it is a substantial bi auch of nutionnl, though private property. " The great ndvnntngo of citizens being creditors as wella» debtois, with relation lo the public debt, is obvious. Men readily peicivo that tiley cannet be much oppressed by ii debt which they owo to themselves.'' And, enttrtainiui; this consolatory doctrine, he declares " tho national resources aro unexhausted and inexhaustible But, after all, tho Federal debt is a nure " fleabite -only a little over DOO millions sterliug! - beiDg not much more than half tint of oog gurly old England. It will only bîgiu to look respectable when it bus readied a thousand millions. Poor Sucret.iry l*V_àe>n rii'ii, however, is not quite so easy in 1ih mind ns his optimist chief. He demand« increased taxation, new loans, «ntl the sala of the public domains, particularly those parts »bounding in piecious and other metals. Mr, Lincoln ncommends a novel nuel in- genious fotm of fundholding- namely, the issue of a liiuitod amount of public «i'caii ties exempt from taxation aud from ..izara fjr debt-a most tempting bait truly ! Considered militarily, the message is the least encouraging of any flint hive emanated from Mr. Lincoln. His statement that "oiuce the last annual mebsnge ull the important lines and nositions^ then occupied by our forces havo beeil maintained, and our nnniud have steadily advanced," is notoriously in- accurate, ns any Btudout of the wur must know. Excjpiitiß in the neighbourhood of Richmond, tim Federal, aw insing ground nlmobt eveiywhere. Tho ultimate futo of Sherman's anny is very tloubtful : the con- quest« in Tennessee have boen ubaudotiod,. and General Thomas is actually besieged in Nashville, the chief city of tho stitc In Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkaaiai the (¡ains of the Confederates of lato havo bien considerable. The boasted suc- cesses of the North duri og the past twelve months, when calmly reviewed, shrink into nothing. Shermnn's brilliant exploit is spoken of na ibu great feature in the mill taiy history of the year-and Unit may find consummation in thu ruin of au army, and the infliction of a damaKiug blow to Northern prestige. REFUSAL TO ALLOW AID TO BE GIVEN TO THE CONFEDERATE iPRISONERS. An application having been made by Lord 'VYbarncliffe for permission to distribute aid to Confederate prisoners in the Nortborn States, the request hal boen savagely re ftistd by Mr. Suward. The Tribune says the It tter puts the possibility of a rejoinder ba- youd even British irapudencj. But oven Im- perial secre tai fe s uro but human. English impertinence m dying. Only a few days rnrller Mr. Foward liai boen b-dgorud by anindividual-whether Mr. Joseph Paiker orBaikerls a mt.ot-point-who had crossed the Atlantic for the purpnsn of presenting an address signed by 360,000 Englishmen, "irotn peer* to peasants." At thu document rated thu North rather smartly (or not toraiinat ing the war by letting its erring sister gi, it waa not likely to be acceptable to the domi- nant party. Mr. Seymour was first applied to for his kind offices, which he politely de- clined. The President, ho said, was the pro- per personage to whom it Bhould be presented. After disappearing for fully two months, Mr. Parker turned up at Washington, whereheap plied to Mr. Seward for an interviow with Mr. Lincoln. The snubbing he got wbb delicious. Mr. Seward's two letters, The Times remarks, are tho only ones from that quarter which it cordially approves. SHERMAN'S EXPEDITION INTO GEORGIA. The great mystery of Sherman's disap- pearance is at length solved; but public opinion, north, and south, is still oscillating between admiration and condemnation of the Federal general's daring and monstrous movement. Should the march culminate in EucceBB, and victory over any Confederate force which may be collected to prevent the invaders reaching their bourne, tho Atlantic 6ea-coa6t, the j. Sherman will suddenly be- come the greatest military genius of this or of any former uge, and this hazardous march through the very heart of the Confederacy will be lauded as evidence of his supreme ability; but, on the other hand, should his enterprise prove fatal to his army, his present eulogists will tura round upon him. denounce his treacherous fool kaidiness, and consign him. to the limbo of all unsuccessful Federal generals. The latest nuns leaves matters still in suspense ; but the crisis of the venturous campaign was at hand, and it is not improbable that the sup- plementary telegram may annonnce either a {.igual triumph or a calamitous defeat to the Northern arms. A great deal ha3 been written about this extraordinary expedition during the past month, but nearly all the comments indulged in have been based upon rumours and cou ji ctures. No sooner had Sherman abandoned bis base at Atlanta, on the 12th ult., and plunged into a hostile state, than ho broke off all communication with the Washington Go- vernment and the Northern people. Intelli- gence could only be derived from Southern bources; and, for obvious reasous, the Confede- rate papers were not likely to impart any infor- mation calculated to bo of advantage to the common enemy. As might have been pre- dicted, Noithern and Southern sympathisers are utterly at issue respecting tbo motive and cause of the movement. The latter delight to lepresent it as tbo fruit of profound calcu- lation, the working out of a masterly strategy; while the former regurd it simply as the dcspeiate expedient of a bold and daring soldier to extricate himself from a position of embarrassment. According to the Southern advocates, Sherman, shut up in Atlanta, had been outmanaiuvrod by Hood and Longstreet, and lound himself cut off from his b»be of supplies, and compelled tor very life to cut his way out in some direotiou, from an un- tenable pobition. The opposite parly.jealous for their laurels, boast of this very doubtful movement na the development of a deliberate and long-meditated plan, and speak of Hood and bib colleagues contemptuously as having been previously decoyed away from the neigbboiirhooel of Atlanta by Federal saga- city, so that they might not interfere with IU execution. Anything like truth it is of course impossible to get nt. Every person believes in that form of putting the case which coincides with his own wishes and sympathies. The actual facts of the catnpaigo, as at pre- sent ascertained, are very scanty, and may be stated in a lew words. Maçon, a little town nearly In the centre of Georgia, and Milledgevillc, the capital of the state and seat ol the Legislature, were regarded as the first btageB in Shermau'e triumphant march and reports were for a season in circulation that both places had been captured and burnt, and that several members of the State Government bad fallen into the hands of tho couquorors. At Milledgevllle, accord- ing to the lavourite theory, Sherman was tri divide his forces, sending one part direct to Savannah, while the other column was to march on Augusta, tbu great arsenal and cotton store-house of that region. The for- mer patt of the programme attributed to Sherman has not been carried out. Al- though, owing to the suddenness of the inroad, no adequate Confederate force could be mustered to offer battle, yet he was harassed continually by skirmishing parties. Slocum made a feint upon Macon, then com- manded by Beanregard, which was repulsed. At the Oconnell Rivet, which runs south from Millcdgeville, there were numerous skirmishes, but the Federals succeeded in crossing. About the 29th of November, Sherman's army ap- pears to have been near Millen. There lie halted three dayB-to coUect provisions, rest his men and horses, and give time for stragglers to come up. On the 2nd inst., he broke up from his bivouac, and proceeded on his march down the country, between the Ogeechee and Savannah rivers. If there were any troops before him they gave way, for no combat in front is reported. But Wheeler, with his Confederate cavalry, it ap- pears, was pressing on his rearguard, andina severe combat noith of Millen the Southern ge noialdefeatedhisopponente, aud wounded Kil- patrick, tho Federal cavalry leader. Meanwhile a Federal force was sent out from Beaufort.ua der General Foster, to succour and strengthen Sherman. At Pocotaligo-bridgo, about half- way on tho railway connecting Charleston with Savannah, he made an irruption, des- troying the rails for many miles ; but a Con- federate force, sallying out from Grahamsvllle, met the Intruder and drove him back, and so prevented his junction with Sherman. It is just at this point that the real difficul- ties and dangers of the Federal enterprise will bavo to be encountered. After weeks of mystification, it 1b clear that Sherman's des- tination U Savannah. What may be the strength of the Confederate army holding that city we do not know. Up to the dth or 5th inst. it had been open to troops from almost all parts of the Confedeiacy. The garrisons of Wil- mington, Charleston, and the army of Augusta were available, and c mid bo readily poured into ita works. From Florida, too, and Southern Georgia, tho state militia would be summonod ; whilst thundering in Sherman's rear would ba the Confederate horse under Wheeler and Hamp ton, and close upon their tracks the garrison of Mncon, arid whatever force could be raised in Georgia In time to assist in the final htruggle. In that struggle Shermun will have to fnce generals his equals in Btrategy and darlnc, Hardee, Johnbtoue, Taylor from the Red River, and Beanregard. The presence ol such men must tell upon tho morale of the Southern troopB, and may yet give Sherman cause to regret his perilous retreat througli Geoigla. The latest accounts of Shotman's progresé are veiy contradictory. Some of the Confe- derate journals state thut his army crossed the Ogeecbeo River on the 7th. and wai marching towarelB Savannah, having reached a point only twenty- fivu milos from thal city. T'he Richmond Jcxaminer, however, states that Sheiman, on the 8th, waB forty-five miles from Savannah. The Examiner hope; that Shermun will attack the city, and piedicts that should he do so ho will gladlj give up the attempt to take it. General Bragj is believed to be in command of the city which is said to bo well fortified in the rear Southern journals generally agree In désignât ing Darieu or Brunbwick as the point at whlct Sherman will endeavour to reach the coast The Charleston Mercury of the Oth admits thal General Footer had succeeded In driving tht ConfedeiateB from an entrenched positior near Pocotaligo. Federal accounts, receiver by way of Port Royal, state that a heavy lone and naval force, under General Foster ant Admiral Dablgren, ascended the Broad River youth Carolina, on the Oth inst., aud, after i severe engagement, succeeded in capturing and destroying the bridge at Pocotaligo thirty-five miles from Savannah, on thi Chuilestou Railroad. This sovers railroai communication between Sivaunah ant Charleston, thoreby preventing reinforce ments from tho North from reachin; the former city. At lateBt accounts fightlni was Ftill in progress. It wits rumourei that Foster had commuuicated with scout from Sherman's army ; but this seems im probable, as it is not known that any o Sherman's tioops had crossed the Sivannal River. Mr. Stanton announces that Rich mond papera report Sherman to bo in line o battle within five miles of Savannah, con fronted by o strong Confederate force. Otho accounts place Sherman at Bloomingdah fifteen miles from Savannah.' It wai ru inoured that a severe battle had been foughi in which Sherman was victorious ; still othe accounts represent Sherman's army to be ii u swamp, and nearly surrounded. There wa no railroad or telegraphic communicatio between Charleston and Savannah. CRITICAL STATE OF AFFAIRS IN TENNESSEE. The retreat of Sherman has virtually give over Tenncsseo to the Confederates. It : true, on abandoning Atlanta, he left Genen Thomas a email corps, with which to hoi Hook in check. On the 30th ult. n sanguin engagement took placo near Franklin lu tween a division of Hood's army and a divi- sion of the Pedorols under Genoral Gillern. Both sides claim the victory; but while the Confederate loss was probably the heaviest, the Federals were obliged to retreat to Nash- ville, where the bulk of the Northern forces are now closely besieged by Gene- ral Hood, from whom an attack by last accounts was daily expected. The situation in Tennessee is, we are told, beginning to excito alarm in Washington. Nor is that alarm by arjy means groundless. TheF_detal forces in that state are now closely confined to two or three fortified places, of which Nashville is the most important; and Hood, who is besieging that place, has succeeded in establishing batteries in such a position as to command the Tennessee river, and thus prevent any BUccours reaching tho Federal forces by that channel. It is said that pro- visions are already running short in Nash- ville, and, if that be true, it is not unlikely thot we shall soon hear of another strategic retreat on the part of Thomas. The way into Kentucky would then be completely open to the Confederates. This at least is certain, thut notwithstanding his reported deleat at Franklin, Hood has over since been acting on tho offensive. Even tho Northern papers acknowledge that he is now pressing their forces closely. Breckenridge was re Êorted to be seeking to effect a junction with [cod, but the rumour is at least doubtful. However Sherman's expedition may termi- nate, the result of his southward march cannot be regarded as otherwise than ex- tremely disastrous to the Federal cause. The Confederates havo now recovered nearly the -'whole of Northern Georgia and Alabama ; they hold nearly all Tennessee, with the exception of four fortified towns, und tho year 1865 | will open with the undeniable recovery by Confederate armies of many groat towns Bnd large tracts of country which twelve months ago were in the undisputed possession of the Federals. MICELLANEOUS NEWS. From Petersburg tho news is o repetition of one of Grant's old manoeuvres, nearly two corps of the Federal army having marched some miles south to the Weldon Rillroad, and having then marched back again, with the loss of a portion of their force, after discover- ing that the Confederate works weretoostrong for assault. The Confederates are said to have com- pleted a formidable ram similar to the Ten- nessee, in the Alabama River, and to have brought the vessel down to Mobile Lord Lyons and Mr. Goldwin Smith have just arrived from America. In the Federal Senate a bill has bsen passed outhoiizing the construction of six revenue cutters for Bervico on the Northern laites. In tlie House of Representatives a resolution was adopted to give notice to [Great Britain of the abiogatiou of the Canadian Recipro- city Treaty. The St. Alban's, Vermont, raiders, under trial in Canada, have been entirely dis- charged from custody by Judge Ooursol, on the ground that the case is beyond the juris- diction of his court. It is reported that a regular exchange of prisoners will henceforth proceed i between the Federaland Confederate authorities, all difficulties in lelation thereto having beon removed. Much excitement exists in tho cities and towns on the northern frontier in conso quenceof warnings received by theaufchorities ofde8ign8 by (ho Confederates ia Canada to enter and set fire to them. The militia in Detroit have been ordered out by the mayor, and nightly patrol the streets, The Toronto Globe states that the Canadian authorities havo been infoimed that a regiment of Con ' federate troops has been detailed and tem- porarily disbanded, with ordere to proceed singly to Canada, there to reunite for incur- sions into the Federal States. The Times reports that tho vacancy oc- casioned by tho death of Judge 'Paney in the Supremo Court at Washington will bo ulled up by Mr. Chase, as a reward for tho good service ho rendered to Mr. Lincoln's re-eltction. Gineroi Fremont, whose oppor- tune withdrawal materially aided ia secnrlng the same result, has also to be provided for, and since ho "speaks French uko a French- man," and tho embassy to Paris is vacant by reason of Mr. Dayton's death, it is thought very probable that he will receive it. Neither post is a trifling reward for supporting the winning party at the opportuno moment. THE FATE OF THE FLORIDA. Every person in Australia who last month read the account of the iufamons seizure of the Confederate steamer Florida at midnight in a neutral port, in flagrant violation of inter- national law, will fully expy.t to receive by the present mail the gratifying tidings that prompt and ample reparation has been made by the Washington Government, The repre- sentatives of a nation so high- minded so supereminont for honour, and so sensitive to all invasions of their own rights-could not bo expected to hesitate a moment as to the course which it was both their duty and their dignity to pursue. Such a stain on their escutcheon, such a shadow across their stars, must be instantly effaced. To hesitate, lo falter, would look like a guilty connivance at the dlsropuUble deed of the subordinates who had brought them into this embarrassing position. The commander would bo cashiered, or at least sharply repri caanded ; a frank apology would be tendered to the Brazilian Government, which had buen so grossly outraged ; and thostolen vessel ond crew would bo returned by United States officers to tho harbour from which they had been so wiongfully taken. Thus would the foremost nation of the eartli redeem its honour from suspicion, and establish a pre- cedent for all time to como. Whoever expected tht'Be just performances must prepare for utter disappointment. Not one of theso things have been done. The infernal pride of the Yankees will not pprmit them to do right. They will ordinarily stoop to any baso trickeiy, under the name of smartness, to avoid what to their nnosant self esteem seems a hu- miliation. They have done so in this case. To escape the npporent disgrnco of restoring the Florida, pbo wau run down-" ncciden dentally " of course-whilo Ijing in Ha'upton Roods, by the transport steamer Alliance, under the command of Admiral Porter, and is now submerged in nine fathoms water. It is of course quite possible (hat the destruc- tion of the vessel was au accident, but it is significant that even the most rabid white- washes of the North are not such fools as to profess to believe it. Mr. Goldwin Smith, who has been in America, states his impres- sion that the Cabinet is not implicated, but that she was sunk by Admiral Porter, from a strorg anti-British feeling ! ATTEMPT TO FIRE NEW YORK. The plunder of the barns and the burning of the dweillngbousos of tho farmers and farm labourers throughout the Shenandoah Valley, coupled with the memory of many similar acts of harshness, were doods which, in the nature of things, were suro to lead to re- taliations on the part of the Southerners, The raid of Lieutenant Young in Vermont was of this character. Driven almost to madness by the death of his bride, and by tho circumstances which caused her death, he seems to havo token his revenge by the at- tempt to bum the property of tho3e who had done the like on a largor scale among tho peaceful homesteads of Kentucky. The firing, however, of New York is a different matter. On ono and the same evening, the hotels and public buildings, to the number of sixteen, were all tired at the same time, and the result has been tho destruction of- two or thruo dozen sheets and coverlets, and nothing moro. This gigantio attempt at incendiarism, on a Lilliputian scale, Pas been duly used to stlniulato the flagging animosity of tho North against the South, and to procure the appointment of General Butler as Governor of the half rebellious city of New York, People, however, have prettv generally attri- buted the so- called firing of New York to tho same ingenious hand wbicli planned tho "accident" by which the Florida has just been sunk, It is incredible that sixteen desperate conspirators should have set fire to bixteen hotels, and that all the sixteen fires should bave quietly gone out in smoke. The New York papers laugh at tho whole matter as a "smart trick" and dovico of party, and nothing more. It is not tho less, however, a dangerous trick to play. Such devices make a Government contempt- ible in the eyes of the governed classes, even though tho action of tho Government may fail in for a timo with the prejudices of the people themselves. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM- MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FKOM OUB OWN COllItESrONDENT.) LONDON Deo. 26. The Stock Exchange has been closed since Friday, the 23rd, in consequence of Christ- mas Day faUing on Sunday, and all business operations throughout the country have, to-day, been geuorally suspended. Au appeal was addressed to the Post office authorities requesting thom to defer the despatch of the Australian mail till to-morrow, but they have declined to make the alteration. A large number of meicbants and clerics are in conse- quence deprived of their Christmas holiday, to their no small annoyance. It is expected that during tho ensuing Beasion of Parlia- ment a bill will be introduced giving the Go- vernment for the time being the power of proclaiming the day beforo or after Christ- mas, when it falls on the Sunday, a general public holiday. As the law now stands, all bills coming to maturity on the 20th must be met, thus necessitating the opening of tho bankB. The year closes under far mora favourable circumstances than could have been reason- ably anticipated a few months back. Mer- cantile failures are diminishing instead of increasing in number and magnitude. There ib a marked falling off in the attempts to thrust spéculative ventures upon a loo cre- dulous public. Loane, it is true, there are in abundance, either already on the market or preparing to be launched ; but those which appeal directly to our capitalists are com- paratively insignificant in amount, while the larger foreign claims will be mainly addressed to the continental markets. The price of money, meanwhile, is almost everywhere declining. Our own Bankdlrec tois, on the 16th inst., lowered their minimum terms from seven to six per cent. ; the Bank of France has again taken the ini- tiative, and twice reduced its rate since last mail, the present minimum being four and n-lialf per cent ; the Banks of Holland Prussia, and Frankfort, have followed the example; and it is evident that we shall enjoy for a season a coneiition of qreater monetaiy ease and confidence than we havo known for the past six months. The severe restrictions imposed on trade by the late pre- vailing high rates have greatly curtailed and crippled operations in almost all branches, and have brought down many solvent films ; yet, on the whole, the action lins been beneficial, and has undoubtedly averted a financial catastrophe of a far more disastrous character. The drain upon the Bank for gold to ba sent to Egypt, which created some apprehension, has sub- sided, and the national establishment ¡j rapidly recovering strength of resources. For several days previous to Saturday hut, tho 24th. discount business wai extremely active at six to seven per cent, and even on the Stock Exchange, for short loans on Govern- ment securities, six per cent, had to be given. These heavy demands, however, are usual at this period of the year, and will, in all pro- bability, soon subside. Should such prove the case, we may look for another downward movement in a few weeks. There han been extreme quietude in the market for Government securities during tho month, and prices have undergone no notice- able fluctuations. Consols, oa Friday last, closed at 895 for January account, and Ö9J to 89$ for money, Our mntket for Australian securities has improved since my lust advices, owing to tho downward course in the value of money. The lateBt quotations are annexed. Tho pro- posed amalgamation between the Hobiou's Bay and the Melbourne (lateSuburbau) Rail- way Company, although anoounced by the London agent to the sbareholde re of the former companv, has not yet affected the value of tho shares. The present price is 00 to 60*. Be-low are the latest quotations of Aus- tralian securities and shares: H §? Names of Companies, &c; Stock Sleek Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock OOVBKNMENT STOCKS.* Victoria Government, 0 per emit. (Jan. miel July) Do., do. (April and Oot) .. Nov. South Wales, 6 por coat., 1800 to 1870 (Jan. anti J uly) Do , do., 1871 te» 1878 (elo ) .. Du, do, 1SS8 lei 1802 (da) .. South Australian, Ü per cont. (Jan. and .1 uly) Melbourne Corporation, Opor coat. (May and Nov.) Geelong Corporation, S per coat. (Hay and Nov.) NcwZiwland, Gporcont Queensland, ti per cent (Jua. andJul-v) . COMPANIES' B0N-DS. Geelong and Melboumo Rail way (1807), Govornnient .. Melbourne and Hobson'! Bay Railway, 7 por com. Honda(1874). BANKS. NowS. Wales. Australasia . Union or Australia South Australia London Chartered of Aus- tralia . English, Scottish, and Aus. tullan Chartered Oriental . New Zealand. Vtctoila. QucontUnd., Otago. MIXES. Yiidaiwinulina of South Au». Australian Mining Port Phillip Mining Company Dun Mountain Copper Mino . Scottish Australian Mining .. ICtpundii, S.A. IVortlilnij Copper, S.A. MI8CKr.LANT.0UB. Melbourne and Ilobson's Bay Itailw&v; . Peel Hiver Lund mid Mineral. Scottish Australian Inv ost inciit. Australian Agricultural South Australian Land North British Australasian Land. Van Diemon's LandAgncul taral. lrust and Agency of Austral New Zealand Trust and Loan English and Australian Cop pci Company Australian Mortgage Land, and Finance .. 107 104 10» 100 104 211 20, SO 151 V 1} i dil, par s O01 42 123 21 81J CO 10 ?l>r. i pr. 1] 1 V Tho quotations iiicluelo tho accrued interoit on debentures. FOHEION LOANS. The Danish Loan for £728,000. issued just before the elepartare of tlio November mall, though talton up, does not appear to have been much deals in ; the heaviness of the in- stalments, and the fact of the debentures being for £1,000 each, rendering them unsuit- able) for meru speculation, This was quickly suicecrted by an applica- tion for £010,000 on behalf of the Danubian Principalities, avowedly to provide for the in- demnity to bo paid for the secularization of the convent property in those) states. Tho bonds aie issued at 8G, which by prepayments of instalments, ia reduced to 83, The intoieist ia 7 per cent, on tbe nominal amount of £100, and there is a sinking fund of 2 per cont, which it is calculated will pay off the nominal amount In twenty-two and a half years. These tempting term3 havo been well re eponde-d to. On the 12th inst. proposals were issued by Messrs. Maua, Macgregor, and Co. for a Mon- te Videan to in of £1,000,000 in G per cent, bonds of £100 each, at tbo price of 60, in instalments extending to the 31st March next. The advance to tho Monte "Vldcau Go vernrni'nt was made more than a year ago upon internal stock, with the privilege of converting It into a European stock prior to 31st December, 1864, and as special seourlty for the interest and sinking fund for redemp- tion in thirty years, there is an hypothecation of certain customs and anchorage dues, which are paid weekly at Monte Video, and which are to be remitted monthly to this sido. The applications were largely in excess of the amount required, and the price has risen to a premium. Advices from Paris mention that a contract has been entered into by Messrs. Erlanger and Co. for a Tunisian loan in £600,000 7 per cent bonds, redeemable in fifteen years, with interest and sinking fund secured by an hypothecation of the customs duties. It is not expected, however, to bo introduced Im- mediately. From Constantinople wo learn that the Ottoman SrciiHc Geluérnlc 1b negotiating a loan of £2,000.000 for the Turkish Govern- ment. The price of issue is 98, but as the in- terest is deferred for a short period, the real Trice becomes a fraction under par. The bonds are of £100 each, and bear eight per cent, per annum interest, The whole amount is to be pnid off in five annual drawings, tho last of which is.to take place in 1869. Apait, however, from the repay- ment at par, a portion of the sinking fund, amounting to about six per cant, upon the capital, is to bo distributed as prizes upon a portion of the numbers drawn. For in- stance, the first number taken out of the bag will receive a prize of 6,000 Turkish liras, equal to about £4,800 sterling ; the second number a prize of 2000 liras; the next five numbeis prizes of 1,000 liras each ; and so on, down to 150 liras. The security assigned to the loan consists of the sheep tithes of Roumelia, which are described as more than sufficient for the purpose. As- suming the chance of a prize to bb worth six per cent, the investment apparently shows a total return of feurteen percent per annum, and as the Ottoman Société Générale has, doubtless, in addition, secured to itself a considerable profit upon the transac- tion, an idea may be formed of the onerous rates which the Turkish Government is still obliged to pay for accommodation. Those who have entertained a hopeful view of tho future courso of the Turkish finances will certainly not ha encouraged by seeing the Government now mortRuge one of its bast sources of revenue for five yoors in considera- tion of a lump sum, which will probably be quickly disposed of. The present loan par- taking of the nature of a lottery, subscrip- tions cannot be invited for it here, but it is possible that o portion of the bonds may hereafter fiud their way into the London market. The Spanish Government in the meantime has been compelled to reEorfc to another tem poraTy and costly expedient to raise cash for its pi eEent urgent necessities. Apart from a satisfactory settlement with iiU crvditois, which would absorb about £10,000,000, tho successful floating 'of a loan is quite im- possible. Under these circumstoncis, the Minister of Finance is obliged to beg nnd borrow in driblets where and how he can, on most usurious terms. A Bhort time back, temporary accommodation was obtained from English capitalists ; and now we learn that arrangements have boen concluded willi M. Parcire, of Paris, for a loan of £3,000,000. The terms paid by the Spanish Government have been stated to amount virtually to twelve or fifteen percent, per annum, in addition to which it has been found expedient to cede to M. Pereire cettain advantages for the Northern of Spain Rail- way, in which tlie Crédit Mobilier of Paris is heavily committed. This event is not un- likely to benefit the London money market, since Spain owes large sums in this country, and the introduction of a much larger loanús for the present averted. The long-foreshadowed Russian loan is announced. An imperial ukase was pub- lished on the 7th inst, authorizing the issue of a lottery loan of 100,000,000 roubles, in bondB of the value of 100 roubles each, which are to bear an annual interest of 6 rouble», say at the raia of 5 per cent, per annum, to be paid half-yearly at St. Petersburg, in paper currency, commencing on tho 1st of July next. Subscriptions were opened in both capitals, and in all the cities in the interior of Russia where tho State Bank has a branch, and tho list* remained opaa eight days; but 30 000,000 roubles were reserved for subscription In Berlin. Applicants for sums not exceeding 1,000 roubles must pry in full at once; those applying for a larger amount aro to deposit ten per cent., and pay the remainder in nine equal monthly instal- ments. For the redemption of this loan aa annual sinking fund of 1 1 5 per cent, of the nominal sum is assigned to bo applied during a period of about seventy years in the form of a lottery, with half-yearly drawings, ia which the numbers" drawn aro to ba en- titled to prizes of twenty roubles and up waids.with one of no less than 200,000 roubles; all, of course, payable in paper currency. Telegraphic accounts quote the loan in St. Petersburg at 3 premium : and the t-xchango had advanced to31Jd. per roubli currency beim? therefore, alter thi*. advance, still about 20 per cent, btlow its metallic par. From the nature of the scheme, and the large amount of paper afloat in Russia, there can be little doubt that the whole of the lorn will be eagerly taken in Russia, On tho other band, however, it is cer'aiuly not cal- culated to attract foreign subscriptions, as capitalists can invest their money on far moro safe and eligible terms ia the Russian loans previously contracted here and on the Continent in metallic values. It having been rumoured on the London and Paris Exchanges that tho Government of Egypt was about to issue Treasury bonds to (he amount of £2,500,000, the report hal re- ceived a formal contradiction. NEW COMPANIES. Happily therohos been a subsidence of the infotuntion which lately led to the concoction ot so many bubble schemes. Not less than one-half of them have already come to grief. The projects attempted to be launched during the past month are not numerous. Subscriptions are being privately made for the capital of a company bearing the tifio of the "London and Provincial Mortgage Bank of England ;" capital fixed at the modest figure of £200,000. The Imperial Austrian Gas Company is an undertaking formed for tho purpose of carry- ing ont some important concessions for light- ing towns in Austria with gas. The number of concessions actually obtained tbus fur is thirteen, but various others are under consl deration. It is mentioned that in some of the districts good gas coal is cheaper than ia London, and that the avorage cost will bo under 20s. per ton. The estimates of income are based upon an experience ulreadj' gained. The capital proposed is £350,000, in 11,000 8huresof£25e»cb, of which, howevtr, only one-half are to be issued in the first instinoi. The prospectus states that a considerable number of shares havo already been applied for both in England and iu Austria. Interest at the rate of six per cent.per annum is to be paid for the first twelve months, whilst the works aro being constructed. A prospectus has been isbued of the Auction Murt Company, with a capital of £76,000, in shares of A26, to erect a building to meet tho want created by the demolition of tho old Auction Mart. An eligible site has been se- cured in Tokenhouse-yard. The prospectus of the Telegraphic News Association (Limited) is issued. It is men- tioned that the object is "to furnish the preSB und the public of England, tho conti- nent of Europe, and the Western world, with a fullerandmore legular supply of telegraphic intelligence than the preBent system pro- vides." It is contended by the promoters that theie is both danger and inconvenience in what they ti rm " the dependence of the press and tho public, both as regards expedition and expense, on a singlo source of supply." It Is mentioned that a staff of experienced coi respondents has been organised " at all points within the range of the electric wire," and that " special anangements havo bean made for procuring early and accurate, and in many instances exclusive information io connexion with the American civil war, and the progress of the new Mexican empira; while from Chita and the East Indies intel- ligence will frequently be transmitted via Sr. Petoisburg, when other sources of infor- mation are silent." Tho capital is fixed al £50,000, in 5,000 shares of £10 each. A pioeptctUB has been issued of the Tapton Colliery, Coki-, and Iron Company, with n capital of £200,000, half to ba first issued, in shales of £10, to purchase the plant anti leakes of the Tapton New Colliery Compauj at Chestti field for £26,000. An airangement hos been made for an amalgamation of tho Bank of Wales with the Provincial Banking Corporation. Thi subscribed capital of tho combined com panics will be -51,300,000, in 26,000 shares o £50, held by about 800 shareholders, and tht amount at present paid up ia £167,000. Thi amalgamated bank will have twenty-sovcr branches, and a fusion of the boards will tak< place, the business being carried on undei the name and articles of the associalion o the Provincial Banking Corporation. DIVIDEND MEETINGS, &.C. The meeting of the Panama, New Zealand and Australian Royal Mail Comp-iuy tool place on the 29th ult, when a dividend wai dcclaied for six months at tho rate of sever per cent, per annum. There had been an in crease in freights of £27,300, against whicl must be set off an inciaa«e of expenditure amounting to £20,300. With regard to thi repudiated contract with the New Zaalam Government, the chairman said that ho wa moro free to offer an opinion than somi of his colleagues, for when he became i member of the board that contract wa signed, sealed, and delivered. But on look ing into tho circumstances ho confessei that the directors, if they erred at all seemed to him to havo erred on the sido o exercising too much cantion. Mr. Crosbj Ward was the PoBtmastor-G.neral of Nov Zealand, and the person whose special busi ness it was to make postal contracts of thi kind. Tho directors might, therefore, be wel excused if they proceeded to treat with hin at once ; but they did not do so till they a; certained that he was competent to enter int the contract. The Government of which Mi Crosby Ward was a member wa«, howevei turned out of office. The new Governmen Enid that lie exceeded his power., and the refused to ratify tho contract till the matter had been referred to the General Assembly. He (the chairman) believed that a consider- able majority Oftbat body would be in favour ' of carrying out the contract. Some modifi- cations might bo proposed, but no modifica- tions which would render tho contract less valuable than the one which had been Bigned, sealed, and delivered, would bo accepted by them. At the meeting of the New Zealand Bank- ing Corporation, on the Gth iuBt.. a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum was declared, £714 being carried forward. The London Chartered Bank of Australia held an ordinary general meeting on the 9th, wheD, out of an available balance, including £7,849 3s. lid. brought forward from previous account of £53,757 6s. 9d., a dividend of 4 per cent, for the half year on the psid-up oapitil wob declared, absorbing £40,000, and after placing £4,000 to the credit of the Reserve Fund, there remains a balance of £875 Gi. 9i. The annual meeting of tho Peninsular and Oriental Company was held on the 6th, when the directors' loport was adopted. It recom- mended the distribution of seven par cent., free of income (ox. The directors of the Otago and Southlaud Investment Company have mad« a call of 10s, per share, payable by the 10th January. A call of £5 is to bo paid on the shares of the Bunk of Queensland (Limited) by the 10th January. FAILURES ASD CREDITORS' MEETINGS. MesRrs. Wilson, Bowles, and Co., in the East India and Mauritius trade, have sus- pended ; total liabilities about £250,000, but the direct engagements do not exceed £60,000, and it is thought that the estate will pay a dividend of 15s. in the pound. Messrs. Hutter, Drouhet, and Co., mer- chants, of Qracechurch-street: liabilities for about £80,000, contracted chiefly from ac- cepting bills on account of the bankrupt General Orec'it Company of Spain. Messrs. Eyles, Evans. Hands, and Wells, in the silk trade; liabilities £81.353, and assets £59205; an offer of 10j. in the pound has been made but not yet accented. MesBrs. Sterling, Gordon, and Co., of Glas- gow, have suspended, with liabilities esti- mated at £180,000. Messw. J. W. and J. Stanley, of the Midland Works, Sheffield; liabilities about £40,000. Messrs. H. J. Wal- duck and Co., metal brokers, of Manchester, Birmingham, and otherplaces, with liabilities computed at £20,000. Three other failures at Shetfield, are reported :-Mr. Humphrey Turner, of the Cardigin Worir.8, who offers 10s. in the pound on liabilities to the extent of £38,000; Messrs. Clayton and Rorke, crino line-etecl manufacturers, for £8,000; and Messrs. Burgen and Wells, in the iron and steel trade, with liabilities for £18,109, and assets £11915. Messrs. Berger Brothers, metal broker*, of Mincing-lane, have btopped payment; liabi tiea nnknown. Numerous meetings of creditors have b=en held during the mouth. The estatB of Mr. Aaron Solomons is to be wound up under an assignment to trustees; that of Moäsrs. Brown, Buckley, aud Co., without inspsction, by the firm themselves ; in the case of Mr. C. Wilson, of St. Paul's churchyard, a com- position has been accepted of Us. Gd., payable in cash : a composition of 10s., payable by instalment*, has been accepted in the case of Messrs. John M'Call and Co. The estate of Messrs. Pox, Halliday, and Co. is to be wound up under inspection, and a strong belief is entertained that nearly 201. in the pound will be realized. The creditors of Mr. W. J.Morgan, East India merchant, have accepted his a? bigume-nt; the examination of his accounts shows a deficiency of only £4,593. The state- ment of the affairs of Hodgson, Mather, and Co., shows only £8,000 assets against liabili- ties over £280,000. The creditors of Messrs. Dalby and Co., wholesale! grocers, have ac- cepted a composition of 12s. inthepvnnd. The estate of Messrs. Ackroyd and Whitaker, of Bradfoid, will yield 11s 6d. in the pound, which has been guaranteed. Th« balance sheet of tho affairs of Messrs. Early and Smith, export clothiers, of HounsdHch, shows liabilities £81309, and assets, £28,070. The estate of Mr. Henry Gatney, of Bir- mingham, in tho timber trade, who railed re- cently. showB only £21000 astets against £60,000 liabilities : to he wound up under a*8ÍBnment. Mr. \Ym. Vilches, merchant, of Mark-lane, offers a composition of 2< G1. in the pound on liabilities amounting to £27,027. This was nnother Spanish complication. The stoppage ol Mr. Edwurd Lloyd, of Birming- ham, in the foreign timber trade, is an- nounced. TBADE AND EMIGRATION HEXURXS, WOOL SALES, &C; The Board of Trade returns for tho month of October 6how a falling off of £2,210,811, or about 15 per cent, in tho amount of our ex- ports compared with thosoof the correspond- ing month of Lost year, when they were ex- traordinarily heavy. Compared with the corresponding month of the preceding year they Btiow au increase of 30 pot cent. Of oot ton yarn our shipments wore 46 per cent, less in value than in October. 18G3, and 50 per cent. Jess in quantity, and of cotton piece goods they were lu per cent, less in value and 28 par cent, less iu quantity. These changes are to be attributed partly to the recent fall in price, and paitly to the stoppage of consignments to ludia under the apprehen- sion of the reaction to ensue in that market. In our expoits ot linen manufactures there was an increase of 11 percent., but woollens show a decrease of 19 per cant. In thoso of iron, ulso, a decrease is shown of 25 per cent. The value of our exports during the 10 months ended the 31st of October has been 14 per cent, in excess of those of the corre- sponding months of 1863, and more thau 31 pe r cent, in excess of those of 1862. Tho mrnthlv return of the Government Emigration officers shows that, during No- vember there sailed from Liverpool 21 ships under the Act, conveying 5,539 passeugers. Of theEe, 17 vessels, conveying 4251 passen- gers, wero for the United States; one ship, with 371 pnssengers, for Queensland; and three ships, with 017 passengers, foi Viotorii. There also sailed, independent of the act, 13 vessels, with 548 passengers Five, with 248 passenger?, were for the United S tates ; one lor Kew South Wales, with 28 paisengiira ; one for Victoria, with 44 passengers ; ana the iemaiuder to other porte. Mr. Joidan, agent-general of emigration for QueeiiFland, has just returned from Biis bane. Among the new regulations adopted during his visit is au authority to advance £0 in the colony to every immigrant paying his own passage. The Becurity to tue Go- vernment will be the deposit of his £30 land order, which is now given without any limitation as to age, aud which can be re- deemed within two years on payment of £1 for interest and expenses. The Persian Gulf telegraph is now com- pleted between Bushire aud Teheran, and is working most satisfactorily. Between Teheran and Bagdad some work remained to be done nt latest date, and tho junction with the Turkish line cannot be effected until the boundary question is settled; but in the meanwhile a messenger system is to bcrrganized for a distance of some twenty miles. According to The Times, 'a report has for some time been carrent ia New York to the e-flect that a plan wub soon to be announced by which Northern merchants might "be- come possessed of the cotton at tue South upon terms that would be considered liberal by the holders, while they would be accept- able to tho New York buyers." The Presi- dent was to make an offer to purchase cot- ton of any parties at the South, loyal or disloyal, and to pay in greenbacks, provision, clothing, or any other merchandise, except munitions of war, at tho option of the seller. It was admitted that this would give " some advantage to rcbeldom," but tha estimate of the balance of profit was on the Federal side. ?' We need," it is said, " the cotton even more than they need thesupplies they will thus obtain." The Journal of Com mer ce affirmed that tho plau had been matured at Washington, and that if no chango should take place in the Government councils it would be officially promulgated in a short time. It was confidently anticipated that the Bnbjcct would have beon referred to in the Piesidenrinl Message, but such was not the case. Early in the month, it appears that regulations for the puipose had been promulgated, and that the Secretary of the Treasury is empowered to appoint agents for the purpose at the principal Southern ports noiT in Federal possession. The prices to he paid for the products purcbasod are to he fixed between the buyer and the sellur, ex- cept that they are in no case to exceed the market quotations current at the period in the city of Kew York (arrangements being m ado that such quotations shall be dally transmitted to the various ports by tele- graph), lees a sufficient sum to cover cost of r>assportation, insurance, revenue duties, &c.; The Times city article quotes a letter from a commercial firm, which states that no con- tract that may be made for payment in gold, or its equivalent, in that" country, can bs legally enforced ; and, oven if persons ou this side should make disbursements in sterling on'American account, they can only, through tho Arno ¡can courts, recover the same nomi- nal amount in greenbacks. The American law coutts have declated that under no cir cumstances can contracts for any description of goods to ho settled for in gold currency of the United States be enforced, save only in lawful monoy of the United States-that is, in greenbacks-and not only so, but where English merchants come under advance on goods on consignment by bills paid in England, they can only recover any balance due at tilo rate of _dol. Sac. per pound sterling in lawful monoy, tho actual late at exchango of 250 per cent, being equal to lldol. l-9c. per pound sterliug. The Now York correspondent of the firm which has addressed The rim« says :-''Incases of disputes alter the delivery, and before pay- ment of bills or other proparty, the seller must necessarily succumb, as o verdict in his favour for the full amount claimed would saddle him with a loss of upwards of 50 per cant, sterling. Bills of exchange returned under protest can only be recovered at «Idol. 81c. per £1 ; nud tile same rule applies to all tho other exchanges, and even lo contracts made and matured' abrcad in foreign money, if payment is at- tempted to ba enforced through our American courts." The public sales of colonial wool wore brought to a close on the 15th inst. The quantity of produce disposed of during their progress reached 88,828 bales, comprising 21,80- bales from New South Wales and Queensland, 18,005 Victoria, 3,041 Taimania, 6.60- South Australia, 11,220 New Zealand, 247 Western Australia, 20,213 Cape of Good Hope, and 2,695 bales from sundry ports. Con- sidering the large quantity of wool offered, the sales passed off steadily. Prices opened at an average decline of about Id. per lb., but as the sales progressed good and fino,wools commanded more attention, and changed hands towards the close at abiut the rates current at the close of last salos. On the other baud, the difficulty of selling faulty wools increased, and for éiich a reduction of 2d. and even 3d. per lb. hart to be submitted to. According to Messrs. Willans and Over bury's circular, New South Wales and Queens- land produce sold at lOd. to2j. C1. ; Victoria, Is. to 2s. lOd. ; Tasmania, Is. to 2-i. 5d ; S mtti Australia, 8rt. to Is. lOd. ; New Zealand, 10,1. to 2s. ; aud Cape, 7d. to Is, 7d. per lb. TERRIBLE ACCIDENT ON THE CEYLON RAILWAY. (FROM the colombo observer.) The accident was caused by a native clerk, Sreera Maloo Naido, leaving a trolly (In which ho had been pushed ulong by two coolie boy«) on tho line. The accident happened at six. Tho trolly was not seen till the first truck was within twenty yards of it. Thara were in nil sixteen trucks. Harding and Manning, two European officials, were Borne what seriously hurt. The Governor and his suite, the Govern- ment Agent, the Queen's Advocate, Mr. Lorensz, the coroner, and others left this by train yesterday about ten a.m., and returnod about bull-past three. The native clerk has ab'conded, and war- rants are out for his apprehension. He had no authority to use the trolly on this side of Kugame. He seems, howevor, to have used it two miks on this side from Ragamo, and hence the accident. He carne in it to pay coolies. Up to to-day about twenty-five bodies have been recovered. Since the above was put into the printer's hands we have received authentic informa- tion which, as usual in such cases, greatly reduced the number of deuths, although the moitallty is still frightful, thirty-bix killed. The latest accounts state that twenty-six bodies had been recovered ; one European, George Inginm, foieman of the platelayers, and twenty five natives. The natives killed are in the proportion of two-thirds Singha- lese to one- third Tamil, and the scene of wailing jit the village of ltigime-women and children refusing to be comforted-is stated tobedeepiy affecting. The accident took place about 0 p.m. on Saturday, the Mfh, near the seventh mile of tho railway. The engine was woiking between the fourlh and tenth miles conveying eoitb, and occa-donally re- turning to the tenth milo for supplies of water. It npprars that abîut thiee or four in the afternoon, the native Tamil clerk, whose gross misconduct has resulted in con- sequences so fearful, took, contrary to standing oittets, utiolly along the line, when going to pay his men, and le/t ¡ton thu railway with no one to look after it. At this point the railway crosses a mora»B, the embank- ments beiig six to seven feet high. About half-past five the men struck off work to return to the tenth mile, near which most of them resided. The train was going steadily and at a moderate speed, the engine puáhiug the waggons before it. Dust was blowing about, and it was thus difficult to distinguish the lorry from the parapet of the bridge near it ; so that the train was within twenty yards of the obstacle before it was perceived. Tho guard hadjust time to signal to the driverwhen be was thrown over. Mr. Harding, contractor's agent, also signalled, jumping from truck to truck unlilbe was thrown into the mud and water. The guard and Mr. Harding escaped narrowly, being considerably hurt. Poor Ingram could not extricate himself, anti perished like the vast majority of the otlieis trom suffocation. Tho deaths from lacera- tion or fracture were few. The driver did all in his power to aveit the calamity and speedily brought the engine to a stand-still, but not before fourteen out of the sixteen car liages had gone over into the morass, gene- rally tilling and closing in their unfortunate inmates as in a bos. The trolly was smashed to pieces, a wheel going lo each side of the line, and the axle being pro- jected fifty yards in advance. Trio work- ing pnrty consisted of 129 men, aud at first the majority were supposed to be killed; but mauy apocar not to have got into the trucks, and othersmust have jumued out, for only 30 were missing. Oa raiting two waggons under which it was supposed a large ¿umber of bodies would be found, there were only three under one and four under tho other. Information was at once conveyed to Mr. Reynolds, who was at work nil night, the engine constantly plying, and the wounded being taken for treatment to adjacent houses or ti« tho Wellicadde Hospi- tal. Early on Sundoy morning (yeäterdny) the Government agent received intelll pence from bis headman ; and Gouoral O'Brien, on being opprised, took tho prompt and energetic measures which might have been expected from him by those who knew his character. Dr. Autbouisz having gone by the six o'clock train, the Governor proceeded to the fpot by a succeeding train, taking in his suite Drs. Fraser, Martin, and Wright. Dr. Prin3 came Boon after- wards. The Governor was accompanied by the Queen's Advocate, the Government agent, the Coroner, Captains Woolsey, Nicolls and Cameron. Under the personal direction of the Governor oil that could be done was done-and Captain Wcolsey, whose efforts weie conspicuous, got up a body of European artillerymen and Gun 1 ascars, with derricks, j opes, &c.; Captains Woolsey, Nicolls, and Cameron, worked all night, aiding the or tillery, who were commanded by Lieutenant Laurie. The conduct of tile Governor in at once going over the line, and his evident do termination to have u full investigation of the circums-tances which led to this sad acci- dent, cannot but mitigate the effects which tho accident is calculated to have oa the na- tives, Wo append the names and the verdict of the coroner's jury which sat yesterday and to day. The jury was composed ns follows:- 0. P. Lnyord, C. A. Lorensz, T. B. Nicholas. James Une, J. H. PcTero, P. J. Da S aram, Bernard' Wije.ino.-i>, G S. Forbes, Adonis Parera, Henry Silva, Bon Christian, Don Martinus, Bastian Perora, notary. Verdict.-That the deceased persons came to their death hy the upsetting of tho train, caused by its running against a trolly used without authority, and negligently left by the clerk Sreera Maloo Naido on the railway line. The jury beg fo recommend that the use of trollies on the completed lino be discontinui d, except under more stringent rules, and that telegtaphic communication be opened between stations where the train has bemm to run. From an Extra issued by The Times we gather that poor Ingram was a Scotchman, and that "a widow and four orphan bairns will mourn his loss in the auld countrie." Tho railway authorities and the community will see that something, is done for the widow and orphanB. Ai might be expected, the men who escaped from the trucks fled panic-Btricken. The fact that the engine was behind the trucks and not in fiout, will, of course, have to ha explained ; as also the statement made by The Times, that the engine-driver, Hodges, was pushing on the train at the rato of twenty miles an hour over a portion of the line marked by curves and embankments standing out of a morass. JAPAN AND CHIH A. MURDER OF TWO BRITISH OFFICERS. (HIOM THE CALCUTTA ENGLISHMAN.) In the japan Berala of 24th November, is an account of the inquest held upon the bodieB of Major Baldwin and Lieutenant' Bird. The following is a portion of the evidenco : " Lieutenant "Wood, Lieutenant of the H.A. -I iras ordered out with a party of mormted artillery to bring in "tho bodies of two foreigners roported to have been killed at Kamakura. Wo started about four a m., with Mr. Ilensman, assistant surgeon, and Mr Fletcher, interpreter. We arrived at Kiima kura shortly after daylight. We had three or four Japanese ofiiceis with us, who kept np with our party. I found the bodies of Major Baldwin and Lieutenant Bird about 1,000 yardB from the gate of the great Temple. There is a threefold road which divides-they were lying ou the left hand side going down towards the sea, just where tho road» to Daiboots turn off; on the road In front of a little lea-hotise,under two little mats propped up with bamboo. I have heard theflrst evidence about the position in which the bodies were found. I can corroborate the whole of it. There were two horses in the shed with European accoutrements. There ?were only a few drops of blood on tho left side of Major Baldwin's saddle-bags. I did not see any blood on the horse pointed out to me as Mejor Baldwin's; tho horses were tied up and feeding. I did not notice that the reins of either bridles wore cut. (Bridle pro- duced, a few spots of blood found on it. Mr. Bird's saddle had much blood on it,) especially on the left stirrup. My impression, from the position in which I found these bodies, was that they had been carried there. I searched for traces of blood elsewhere, and found, as has been already stated, on tho right side of the load. On the side of the road, about twenty or thirty yards, the leaves of trees were marked with traces of blood. I Etayed with the bodies. The watches of both the doceased were eoing. Tholr shirt pins were rill right. I did not search the pockets. Major Baldwin's revolver was in the case attached to his waist, and all the chambers undischarged. Mr. Bird's was lying as stated by Mr. Lindau. The pistol was so Emenred with mud and blood that it was not possible to tell if it had been rfcently discharged or not. There were no riding whips found, though I boliove they ' both started with them. My own first im- pression was that, as they were attacked, they were both leading their horses. There would have been more blood if they had been wounded whilst on their horses-there was blood on the near side, and on the back of tho saddle-cloth. The horseG themselves were un- hurt. My impression now, on inspecting more closely thesaddlesandsaddiecloths, is thatthoy may have probably been ridiog. The nose- band of Major Baldwin's pony is covered with mud, as though hu had been down, but that may have occurred in many other ways. I think the pony has dirtied the bridle him- self. Both these gentlemen were wounded ia both arms. Mr. Bird had a wound on the left knee, almost cutting it through. I think, that could scarcely have been done on the saddle without also cutting the saddle, It would have been a very clever cut to have inflicted that wound without injuring tho saddle or stirrup-leather. " Mr. CharleslWirgman, being sworn, says: -I went out on an excursion on Frielay morn- ing. On the first night I slept at Idnasawa. Between Saturday and Sunday, and Sunday and Monday, I slept at Kamakura. Monday night at Fusisawa. My paity consisted of myself, Mons. Beato, Major de Vecchy, the Marquis de Bonnet, Mons. Roussen, and Francisco, Major de Vecchy's servant. Dar- ing tho two days I was at Kamakura, we lived at the first teahouse. We had no difficulties-on the contrary they were ex- tremely polite. We saw one man, aHote mota, stopping with his retainers the first night we were there, at the same tea- house. He was very polite to us, and left the next (Saturday) morning, starting ap- parently in tho direction of Diiboots. We all spoke to him, and all our intercourse was of a very friendly character. Wo flaw no other par I ties of two-sworded men. I was sketching ubont the great temple, Hatchi-mang-sitma. the avenue and thereabouts, without moles- tation. Monsieur Bous^en and myself were together piincipally. He is also a sketcher. I first saw Major Baldwin and Mr. Bird on Monday morning when I wa3 sitting on the tteps, leading down to the grotto at Eno sima. It was about half-past ten or eleven. Be-ato comedown withMiijor Baldwin and Mr. Bird. Beato had his photographic apparatus at a little tea-house. Major Baldwin asked to be allowed to sketch his tent. By and by I saw them again bb they were going away, and they bade ua good by. There were two parties of Japanese officials. Before I saw Major Bird I saw ona party come up the main street of Kagosimn, go tip towards the red-wood pagoda, and como down avnin, but where they went I don't know. I looked at them, and stood on one side. They were very well dressed. There were two offic ra and three servants. Shortly after the first a second party ascended the hill: I met them on the hill as I was coming dowo. They stayed away a long time. The partj' consisted of four or five. They appeared to be very quiet. So far as I know they showed no signs of displeasure or offence. The first party only had theBtolid look of Yakonia, who don t care about foreigners. I first heard of this catastrophe in theevenine at Fusisawa, while I was in the tea-hous*. I was in the tea-house about seven o'clock. It wai said that two English officers had been attacked. One had had his head cut off-the other both his arms,-but be was not dead. We laughed at the report. We made inquiries of our own Japanese servant ; be said he had hoard it from a Betto. N< xt morning a Yakonin came down from Yokohama aud said it was true, We returned next morning to Yoko- hama, along the Tocaido. The distance be- tween the same place and Fasisiawa is, say, twelve to fourteen miles. It took us about three hours' ride. The two parties of Yako nins had left about two hours before Mijor Baldwin and Mr. Bird." ' The other items of news with reference to Japan embrace the report that the batteries at Sbimonosako are in course of being re- built, and that one of our gunboats has gnno to the Stiaits in order to abcertain the truth of the report. We should not be at all surprised to ham that the Prince of Nagato had commenced to reconstruct the forts which the allied squadron lately destroyed, for tbeie appears to be a vein of good-humoured obstinacy, so to speak, run- ning through the entire Japanese character. And, more than this, there is reason to be- lieve that onr late operations, instead of subduing the Japuneso spirit, has imbued it with a relish for fighting which will produce results not at present foreseen. Theoreti- cally, tho JapaneB« have always been a " warlike " race, but they have never had a pioper opportunity of putting their theory into practice. Forcenturles uo enemy has menaced tbem, yet tbey haveeairieel arms and maintained military discipline all the timo. It is by no means beyond the range of probability that our late operations againBt them may have stimulated their latent nppetite for fighting, and that we may have much more trouble in Japan thau many people expect. In tho meantime, matters appear very far from pacific, and we can only advise the English Govern ment not to under- rate the Japanese difficulty. Turning to China, there is actually nothing of political importance to notice. The Im- perialist possession of Nanking Bcems at pre- sent to be the trump card in the hands of the authorities: aud it may well be no. Noone can doubt but that' the occupation of the capital by the Taeping rebels was a sore point with the Imperial Government ; and now that it is once more restored to their possession, we can enslly enough understand the feelings of gratification that must have ensued. The well-knowniTseng-kwofan has been left to protect this city from further attack, and to organise matters with a view to the future prosperity of tradal pursuits in the city and surrounding districts. It is supposed he is expected to be called to Peking, there to re- ceive extraordinary honours on account of the successful termination of the rebellion ; but the authorities at the capital, either through jealousy or policy, have ordered him to remain at his post for the picsent. Wo hear little or nothing of the dis peised rebels, and it is not at all likely that tboy will ever be able to Bliow a formidable front. In this view of the question, mattera will most probably go on Bmoothly for many years. Every new experlencs of Imperial policy under the regency of Prince Kung goes to prove that there is no rooted anti- pathy among the governing classes towards tho development of foreign commerce. The anxiety shown hy the different officials to restore trade in the various re-captured Rebel cities is of itself sufficient evidence of the fitness to govern which has always stamped the Imperial iule in a more distinct manner than that of the Tacplngs; and there is reason to believe that better things may yet be expected from the government of Prince Kung, strengthened as it has boen by iccent events. We have full confidence ia the administration of Mr. Wade, aud when the next blue book appears it will, we think, he seen that tbiB confidence is folly justified. Events in China have now reached that stage when the foreign representatives may proceed to urge every privilege con- ceded by the treaties, as well as to suggest new concessions, equally advantageous to CbineEe and foreigners. _ Printed mid published lij- Hugh Granton, at Tins Annes Office, Collins-street, Melbourne, for \Y'n<sos and IUckimvok, proprietors 