the NEWS BY THE MAIL. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LONDON Die. 26l The Stock Exchacge has been closed elnoe Friday, tbt? 23rd, in consequence of Christ* mae Day falling on Sunday, and all boslnesa operations throughout the country hare, to-day, been generally suspended. An appeal w addressed to the Po«t-offioe authorities requesting them to defer the despatch of the Australian mall till to-morrow, but they have dtclined to make the alteration. A large number of merchants and clerks are iu ccmse* qtrence deprived of their Christmas holiday, to their no small annoyance. It is expected that during the ensuing session of Partfa* meat a bill will be introduced giving the Go vernment for the time being the power of proclaiming the day before or after Christ mas, when it falls on the Sunday, a general public holiday. As the law now btands, all tails coming to maturity on the 26th must be met, thus necessitating the opening of the banks. The year closes under far more favourable circumstances than could have b^n reason ably anticipated a few months back. Mer cantile failurve are diminishing instead of increasing in number and magnitade. There is a maiked falling off in the attempts to thrust speculative ventures upon a too cre dulous public. Loans, it is true, there are in abundance, either alieady ou the market or preparing to be launched; bat those which appeal directly to our capitalist* are com paratively insignificant in amount, while the larger foreign claims will be mainly addressed to the continental markets. The price of money, meanwhile, is almost everywhere dediniog. Oar own Bank direc tors, on the 15th insr.. lowered their minimum forms from seven to six per cent; the Back of France has Kgain taken the ini tiative, ard twice reduced its rate since last mail, the prefebt minimum being four and a-half per rent; the Bauks of Holland, Froreia, and Frankfort, have followed the example; and it is evident that we shall enjoy for a season a condition of greater moneiaiy ease and confidence than we have known for the past six month*. The severe restrictions imposed ou trade by the late pre vailing high rates have greatly curtailed and crippled operation* in almost ail branches, and have brought down many solvent firms; yet, on the whole, the action has been beneficial, and has undoubtedly averted a financial cataetrcphe of a far more disastrous character. The drain upon the Bank for gold to be sent to Egypt, which created some apprehension, has sub sided. and the national establishment is rapidly recovering strength of resources. For several days previous to Saturday last, the 24th. discount business was extremely active at six to seven per cent., and even on the Stock Exchange, for short loans on Govern ment securities, six per cent, had to be given. These heavy demands, however, are usual at this period of the year, and will, in «U pro bability, soon subside. Should such prove the case, we mav look for another downward movement in a few weeks. There has been extreme quietude in the market for Government securities daring the month, and prices have undergone no notice able fluctuations. Consols, on Friday last, dosed at 891 for January account, and b9| to 89| for money,. Our maiket for Australian securities has Improved since my last advices, owing to the downward course in the value of money. The latest quotations are annexed. The pro posed amalgamation between the Hobson'a Bay and the Melbourne (late Suburban) Bail way Company, although announced by the London agent to the shareholders of the former company, has not yet affected the value of the shares. The present price Is 60 to 60*. Below are the latest quotations of Aus tralian securities and shar^e Bond.' a. cj- Names of Companies, Ac. £ i sovxRinisirr stocks. Stock 100 'Victoria Government, * per cast. (Jan. surf July) Stock 100 'Do., do. (April and Oct.) Stock 100 New South Wales, 6 percent. ' IS66 to 1876 (Jsc- asd July) Stock 100 Do., do., Io7i to JS70 (do.) Stock 1C0 Da, do., 18SS to 1892 (da) Stock 100 jSouth Australian, 0 per cent i (Jan. and July) Block 100 Melbourne Corporation, 6 per ' cent. (May and Nor.) Stock 100 Geelong Corporation, 6 per ' cent. (May and Nov.) Stock 100 New Zealand, 6 per orat. Slock , 100 Queen*]and, 0 per oent. (Jan. ! and Ju t) ! COMPAJTIKS' BONftfi. Stock 100 | Geelong and Melbourne Bail way (1867), Government .. Stock 100 'Melbourne and Hobeoo'i Bay Railway, 7 per oeoi. Bo&dfe; (lb74).. Sure. B4KK& SO SO News. Wales .. 40 ; 40 Australa&ia; £6 * 25 Union of Australia £0 : 26 South Australia £0 . £0 London Chartered of Aus i tratta £0 ! 20 Eag-tiab, Scottish, and Ana ; tralian Chartered £5 26 Oriental 10 . 9 New Ztaland .. 40 , 26 Victoria.. 100 ' 20 Qorecelaod £0 i * Otigo .. i MDOB. Tudasamutasa of South Aut. | Australian Mining Port Phillip Mining Company l| Dun Mountain Copper Mine .' * Scottish Australian Mining .. Kapwada,S.A. Worthing Copper, fLA. | maCSLLACTOCB. 40 | *0 Melbourne and Hobeon'i Bay ! Hallway ttock 100 Peel River Land and Mineral. Stock 100 'Scottish Australian Invest I meet .. tt ] 19 'Australian Agricultural South Australian Land North British Australasian land .. i Van Diemen'e Land Agricul tural 7 ruht and Agency of Austral asia .. New Zealand Trust and Loan English and Australian Cop per Company 8 Australian Mortgage, land, «0 ! 78 ii ii i Stock I 100 ( i andFtoaace. J 0b. U lye. rouvics urn . The Danish Loan for £728,000, issued jut before tbe (itpartnir of the November nail. thoughtaken ap. does not appear to.turn , ; the heaviness of the ia ettlments. and the feet of the debentnree being for £1,000 each, rendering then unsuit able for mete speculation. This ares quickly succeeded by an applica tion for £916,000 on behalf of the Danubian Principalities, avowedly to provide for the in denmlty to be paid for the eeculerimtlon of the convent property in those states. The bonds are issued at which by prepayments pf instalments, is reduced to 88. Them forest la.7 percent on the nominal etnountof £100, sr oent nominal if year#, well re •Pd there ii m eibkiog fund of 2 per oeot ~ " a nominal off the oo « half to. ) 12th Inafc proposals were Issued by mau.Hecgregor, and Co. for a tfdn Loanof StlMOOO to 6 per oent. 1801, and m apodal eacueity tod iloklDg fond for ledemp Tfare, Ihero&ftn; hypothfeciUon "ftfodw&cT-; ' 'imaii nttonftmtar k. ar.«^. a Ottoman S-c)6t6 GenC-rsle 1b negotiating a loan of £2.000.000 fot the Turkish Govern ment, The price of Issue Je 98, but as the io teiestie deterred for a nbottporlhd,'the real price becomea a fraction under par. The bonda are of £100 each, and bear eight per cent per annum interest. The whole amount is to be paid off in five annual ?raJeJlfp' °f which la to take place in JSoa Apart, however, from the repay ment at liar, a portion of the sinking fund, amounting to about six per cent, npon the capital, to to be distributed as priaea upon a portion of the numbers drawn. For in stance, the first number taken out of the bag will receive a priee of 0,000 Tntkish bras, equal to about £4,800 sterling; the | second number a prise of 2000 liras; the next five numbers prises of 1,000 liras each ; and so on, down to 160 liras. The security assigned to tire loau consists of the sheep tithes of Roumells, which are described as J more tban sufficient for the purpose. As suring the cbacce of a prise to be worth six per cent, the iurestment apparently shows a total leiurn of fourteen per oeut. per annum, and as the Ottoman Society G6n6t»le has. doubtless, in addition, secured to itself a considerable profit upon the transac tion, en idea may be formed of the onerous rates which the Turkish Government is sllll obliged to pay for accommodation. Those who have entertained a hopeful view of the future course of the Turkish finances will Kriainly not be encouraged by seeing the Government now mortgage one of Its bflflt fcMirc«i of revenue for fivu years in considera tion of a lump sum, vbich will probably be qcickly disposed of. The present loan par t*k)vg of the nature of a lottery, subocrip tuns cannot be invited for it here, but it is po&ible; that a poition of the bsnds may hen-after find their way into the London market. The Si amth Govt rumtnt in the meantime has been compelled to resort to another tem porary and costly expedient to raise cash for its prefent urgent iiecee*itiets Ap^rt from a «i!i*f*ctcry seitliment with It* credits, ; which would absorb about £16,000,000, the I ccoarafol floating of a loan is quite icn possible li:dtr these circumstances, j the Minister of Finance is obliged to < J*g and borrow in dribUts where and I Low be can, on most usurious terms. A 1 short time back, temporary accommodation ! w»6 obtained from Knglish capitali6tB; and ! cow we learn that arrangements have been concladtd with M. Pereire, of Paris, for a I loan of £3,000,000. The ttrnxs p&id; by the Spanish Government have been stated to aoKCLt virtually to twelve or fifteen percent, | per annum, in addition to which it has Iwen "oncd expedient to c de to M. Perelre certain j advantage* for (be North-rn of Spain Kail- | way. m which the Credit AJobilfer of Paris is htaviJy committed. This event is not nn- 1 likely to benefit the London money market, fibre Spain owes large sums in this country, and ti e introduction of a much larger loan is for the present averted. The loDg-foreshidowed Russian loan i» announced. An imperial ukase nas pnb luhed on the 7th irn-t , authorising the lane of a lottery loan of 100,000,000 roubles, in bonds of the value of 100 roubles each, whioh are to bear an annual interest of 6 roubles, (ay at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum, to be paid half-yearly at St. Petersburg, in paper currency, commencing on the 1st of July next bnbscnptions were opened in both capitals, and in ail the cities in the interior of Russia where the State Bank has a branch, fo foe lists RisfiDtd open eight dm: hut 3D,000,000 routdee wen reserved for fUKcription in Berlin. Applicants for sums not exceeding 1,000 roahles must pay in inij at once; those applying for a larger amount are to deposit ten per cent., and pay (be remainder in nine equal monthly instal ments. For the redemption of tills loan an annual sinking fund of 1 1-5 per cent of the nominal sum is assigned to be applied daring a period of about seventy years in the form of a lottery, with half-yearly drawings, in 1 which the numbers drawn are to be en □tied to prises of twenty roubles and up* wards,with one of no less than 200,000 roubles: ftjl, of course, payable in paper currency, lrlfgnpbic accounts quote the loan So St. Petersburg at 3 premium: and the exchange had advanced to Slfd. per rouble currency— being therefore, after this advance, still T? I*' cent, below its metallic par. from the nature of the scheme, and the !^gtfw2nA0f?ap?r HussU, there i can be little doubt that the whole of the loin wdl be eagerly taken in Russia On the other hand, however, it to certainly not cal Jp attract foreign subscription* aa capitalists can invest their money on far more safe and eligible teimsin the Rumian Joans previptuly contracted here and on the Continent In metallic values. It having been rnmonred on the London and Para Exchanges that the Government of Egypt was about to toeue Treasury bonds to the amount of £2,600.000. the report has re oeived a formal contradiction. kxw coitraKtia, (r,Sffi>,1?,Lth??:i^8ibfe»*«ll>a«dencdof the ufataatron which lately led to the concoction of so many bubble schemes. Not les than one-half of them have already come to grief. The projects attempted to be launched during the past month are not numerous. «re being privately made for Jpe "Pitelof a tympany bearing the title of i » , , Provincial Mortgage Bank £^ttxi.C«0P,Ul SZed 44 the nndefe^^^p^f^ SSS eonie important wncessions for light ing towns in Austria with gag. The number of concessions actoaliy obtained thus far to thirteen, bnt various others an nnder consi Rie mentioned that in some of the districts good gas coal to cheaper than in Londoii.and that the average cost will be Pee ton- The estimates or income Par? S' ®-cb. of which, however, only **!*aeii 1° ae 6ntinetanea Jn states that a considerable wMfhJ"re ?V<iy been applied StW„'.D5n^*nd *nd ,p Austria. Interest lii j ? *£'i" Peroent- per annum to to be paid for the first twelve months, whilst the works are ixnng constructed. A piwpeciushas teen tosned of the Auction *itfa.ac?P'.f*1. of £75,000, in ~j- 'R/*** a build mg to meet the want created by the demolition of the old Auction Hart An eligible rite has hesnat. cored in Tokerijoaw-yaKL The prospectus of the Telfwtaphlc News Ataodation (Limited) to issnX ft to mem riontd that the obfect in "to forntoh the ss^wfisaswiara nsiTK Si i5£?5?«SSasis?s what they term the dependence of the nceM Md the public, both iTTeg^s^ii^ ftEI}"PeB®J' <» • single son roe of (apply." nSbS2S«fi,1Hu^* beei1 orK*nited-riaU a ,rao*e<* tttedeotrio wto*" special arrangrmects have been jnade for' procuring early and accurate, and inmujr1'Wanres exclusive infonnatfon la cMMu^^tteAmedcandvll war, and wWlfflohiJa^d^ ^?ndte.nintei: the ProriDdsI Banking Corporation.1 ...: ; j _ mvmarD **enxaA, ftc. »dMASgn0fS Pjarioenf.-jcr -nnnm, Tt^hiribewsmiK: repnaiated contract wfth i Oowramsn^ the thiilntiiftx-... ^ , jat 55 diwHH ^aiPoklito excused if (bey proceeded to treat with him at oocv ; but thuy did not do eo till they as- I certuined tbat be was competent to enter into the conti act. The Government of wbioh Mr. Crosby Ward wag a member was, however, turned out of office. The new Government said that ho exceeded hie powers, and they refused to ratify the contract till the matter had bet n referred to the General Assembly. He (the chairman) believed that a consider able majority of that body would be in favour of carrying ont thu contract. Some modifi cations might be proposed, but na modifica tions which wonld render the contract less valuable than the one which had been signed, sealtd, and delivered, wonld be aooepted by them. At the meeting of the New Zealand Bank ing Corporation, on the 6th lust., a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per annum was I declared, £714 being carried forward. The London Chartered Bank of Australia held en ordinary general meeting on the 9rh, when, out of an available balanoe, Including £7,849 3s. lid. brought forward from previous account of £63,767 6s. 3d., a dividend of 4 per cent for the half year on the paid-op capital was declared, absorbing £40,003, and after placing £4,000 to the credit of the Beearve Fund, there remains a balance of £876 6t 9). The annual meeting of the Peninsular and Oriental Company was held on the 6th, when the directors'report was adopted. It recom mended the distribution of seven percent, free of Income lax. The directors of the Olago and Southland Investment Company have made a call of 10s. per share, payable by the 10th January. ■ A call of £6 is to be paid on the shares of the Bank of Queensland (Limited) by the 10th January. FAILURES AND CREDITORB' MEETINGS. Messrs. Wilson, Bowles, and Co., in the East India aud Mauritius trade, have sus pended ; total liabilities about £260.000, but the direct engagements do not exceed £60,000, and it is thongbt tbat tbe estate will pay a dividend of 16s. in the pound. Messrs. Butter, Drouhet, and Co., mer chants, of Graoechurch-street ; liabilities for I about £30,000, contracted chiefly from ac cepting bills on account of the bankrupt j General Credit Company of Spain. Messrs. Eyles, Evans. Hands, and Wells, in the silk trsde; liabilities £81,353, aud , assets £69.206; an offer ol 10j. in tbe pound bas been made but not yet accepted. Messrs. Sterling, Gordon, aud Co, of Glas gow, have suapeuded, with liabilities esli mated at £180,000. Memra. J. W. and J. Stanley, of the Midland Works, Sheffield; liabilities about £40,000. Messrs. H. J. Wal- j duck and Co, metal brokers, of Manchester, Birmingham, and other places, with liabilities computed at £20,000. Three other failures at Sheffield, are reportedMr. Humphrey Turner, of the Cardigan Worse, who offers 10s. in the pound on liabilities to the extent of £38.000; Messrs. Clayton and Borke, crino line-steel manufacturers, for £8,000; and Messrs. Burgeu and Wells, in the iron and steel trade, with liabilities (or £18,109, and assets £11.916. Messrs. Berger Brothers, metal lookers, of Mincing-lane, have stopped payment; liabi ties unknown. Numerous meetings of creditors hare been htld during the month. The estate of Mr. Aaron Salomons is to be wound up under an assignment to trustees; that of Messrs. Brown, Buckley, and Co., without inspection, by the firm themselves; in the case of Mr. C. Wilson, of Sl Paul'a-churchyard, a com position has been sccepted ol 11a 61, payable in cash; a composition of 10a, payable by instalments, has been accepted in the case of Messrs. John M'Call and Co. The estate of Messrs. Fox, Haliiday, and Co. it to be wound up under inspection, and a strong belief la entertained that nearly 90s. in the pound will be realised. ThecreditorsofMr. W.J.Morgan, East India merchant, have accepted his as signment; the examination of nia acoonuta shows a deficiency of only £4£93. Tbe state ment of the affairs of Hodgson, Mather, and Co., shows only £8,000 assets against liabili ties over £280,000. The creditors of Messrs. Dai by and Co., wholesale grocers, have ac cepted a composition of lita in the pound. The estate of Messrs. Acknoyd and Wmtaker, of Bradford, will yield lis. 6d. in the pound, which bas been guaranteed. The balance sheet of the affairs of Messrs. Early and Smith, export clothiers, of Hounsdltch, showsliabilities £81,369, and assets, £28,079. Tbe. estate of Mr. Henry Guroey, of Bir mingham, In the timber trade, who tailed re- I cenUy, shows only £24,000 asset* against £60,000 liabilities; to be wound up under aslcnment. Mr. Wm. Vilchea, merchant, of Mark-lane, offers a composition of 9s. 6d- in the pound cm liabUitlaa amounting to £27927. This waa another Spanish amplication. The stoppage of Mr. Edward Lloyd, of Birming ham, in the foreign timber trade, is an nounced. Tbe Board of Trade returns for the month of October show a fatting off of £2,210,811, or about 15 per cent.. In the amount of our ex ports compared with those of tbe correspond inn ronnfh nf !a«t mbf *)t«n fiKn*Hon Mir. . icg mo&tb; of last ytir, when Ctof wars «z treordinarUy heavy. Compared with tbe corresponding month of tbe preceding year they show an increase of 80 percent. Of got ten yam our shipments were 46 per cent, less in value than in October. 18C3, and 60 per cent, less In quantity, and of cotton piece goods they were 16 per cent less in value and 88 per cent less in quantity. These changes axe to be attributed partly to the recent fall in price, and partly to the stoppage of consignments to India under the apprehen sion of the reaction to ensue In that market In our exports of linen manufactures there was an increase of 11 per cent, but wooUeni show a decrease of 16 per cent In those of Iron, also, a decrease is shown of 26 per oent Tbe vaine of our exports during the 10 months ended the Slat of October ha* bear 14 per cent in excess of those of the corre sponding months of 1863, and more than 31 per cent lu excess of those of 1862. Tbe monthly return of the Government, Emigration officers shows that, during No vember there sailed from Liverpool 21 ships under the Act, conveying 6,639 passengers. Of these. 17 vessels, conveying 4,251 pamea gen, were for the United Jitabes ; one ship^ with 871 passengers, for Queensland; , three ships, with 917 passengers, for Victoria. There also sailed, independent of the act.18 vessels, with 648 passengers. Five, with 248 passengers, were for the United States; one for New South Wales, with 28 pusengere: one for Victoria, with 44 passengers; and the remainder to other porta Mr. Jordan, ngcnt-general of emigration for Queensland, has joat returned from Bris bane. Among the new regulations adopted during bis visit is an authority toadvanoe £6 in the colony to every Immigrant paying his own passage. The security to the Go vernment will be the deposit of hia £80 land order, which is now given without any limitation as to age, and which can be re deemed within two years on payment of £1 for interest and expenses. The Fenian Golf telegraph is now com pleted between Buahlre .and Teheran, and is working most satisfactorily. Between Teheran and Bagdad some work remained to be done at latest dam, and the junction with the Turkish line cannot be effected until-the boundary question la aetUed; but In the meanwhile a messenger system is to be organised tot a diatanoe of some twenty According to Tht Snaaga report has for some time been cuxrent ln Mew Fork to tbe dome pomesacd of the ootffmut the Booth : upon tenas that wouldbe conffdeted liberal, by the heutat, while theywuuld be accept able to the New Yotkfcuyere." The Faff- ! dent was to make an tpfbttoiPOMfcats dot ton <rf, wy, partiss gt ilm B<mtb, loyal or j Itwasadmitted ihitthis MuSd advantage to ffbfitott," tmt'the estimate of the balance ■■of 'profit Waa.oo'thc Federal side. - " We need,'.' it 4s<ank, .4'tbe cotton even .more than tbey need tbe " The Jew they wiUtiioaffjrtaln." mm afStated thstt' -amrt tbeactyectwouM hAvabesoredotredtotutha Pjectdmdfflfotiai&JbtttaiiigL; Ms mot Abe case.. Early in the month, it appears that regulations'tot -the > Mifface rbad: torn prmmilgsledt aud tLat.tbo Secretary of the ports how in Mfiarel poaa«dan.Tb#prioe* 1 * for the prodnots imrnhsiwl srnte "i_ieh the buyer and tkeaellnr, ex .... are in -no oasbtonoMl the market quotation* current -at tfaeperiedia iranmaliud to the *arioaa porta by lata- j a Sufficient mm to.jpo)ffr«Mff4ff Imuran oe, revenue duties^ | The Timet cityartldequcffasafeiterfaKn* commercial firm, which states that no cod. tract that may to made for payment In gold, or tt« equivalent, in tfaat country,'c»n be legally enforced; and, even if pareooaon this title shank! make disbursements In aterliilg on American account, they can only, through (he American conrta, recover the aame nomi nal amonnt In greenbacks. The American law courts have declared that under no'cir cnmttanoee can contracts for any deBorlptlon of goods to be settled for in gold currency of the United States be enforced, save only in jawful numey of the United Stater—that la, In greenbacks—and not only ao, but where English merchants come under advance on goods on consignment by bills paid In England, tbey Can only recover any balance due at the rate of ddoL Mc. per pound sterling in lawful money, the actnal rate at exchange of 260 per cent being equal to lldcL 1 9c. per pound sterling. The New York correspondent of the firm which has addreeeed T/u Timet saya"Incases of disputes alter the delivery, and brine pay meet of hills or other property, the seller muet neoeasarilv succumb, «s« verdict In his favour for the full amount claimed wonld saddle him with a toss of upwards of GO per cent, atertlug. Bills of exchange returned under protest can only he recovered at 4dol. 81c. per £1; and the same rule applies to all the other exchanges, and evoo to contracts made and matured abroad In foreign money, if payment la at tempted to be enforced through our Amerloau courts." The public sales of colonial wool were brought to a close on the 16th Inst. The quantity of produce disposed of daring their S regress reached 88.828 bales, comprising 1,694 bales from New South Wales ana Queensland, 18,006 Victoria, 3,011 Tasmania, 6.004 South Australia, 11.220 New Zetland, 247 Western Australia, 20,213 Cape of Good Hope, and^636haiesf/oniFUJiJryports. Con sidering the large quantity of wool offered, the salee passed off steadily. Prioee opened at an average decline of about Id. per lb., but as the sales progressed good and fine wools commanded more attention, and changed bands towards the close at ab rut the nates current at the close of last sale*. On the other hand, the difficulty of selling faulty wools increased, and for such a reduction of 3d. and even 3d. per )t>. had to be submitted to. According to JI,**rs. Willans and Over bury s circular. New S >uth Wales and Queens land produce sold at 10J. to 2s. 61.: Victoria, Is. tolls. 10d.; Tasmania, is. to 2a 6d; South Australia, 8d. to la 10J.; New Zealand, 10J. to 2s.; and Cape, 7d. to Is. 7d. per lb. 