. ^-.v:.'-:'^.th:e-'-week. '' \ .The contest for Richmond promises ; to be an event of surpassing interest in these degenerate days of political torpidity. Mr Wardrop, before his ?abrupt departure, was good enough to place his seai 'at the disposal of 'Mr Speaker;', and. he .had scarcely bidden farewell to the scene of his sorrows when: several patriotic gentlemen were named as1 \- willing -to devote themselves to the service of the ' ^^T6;* ^otqrs. I- ¥}*8p. w»a mentioned Mr Gideon' .^^sCapparentiy' for^no ?other reaBoi , than the un-! Reasonable presumption that, beoauBe he failed to become. the, representative of Richmond at the gene ral election,' he is ? bound toJmake another venture! on this particular occasion. Mr.' Lang has not as1 yet made any sign, however, and liis enthusiasm. forf Victorian politics, never very intense, is supposed to' have been considerably abated during his inter-! course with the defunct Free Trade League. Mr, .Parsons; the well-known barrister, has come for ward, avowing himself a protectionist' and a sup porter: of the Ministry, bpt doing ao in his 'usual jeoo^P? sty^ bo; that , his, .advances are little : likely , to bfi appreciated^ by the ordinary electoral mind. Mr Ambrose. Kyte has also been spoken of , probably without his own consent.' ' Of all ] the candidates mentiori'ed, Mr Lamberi woidd , probably hav^the ? fairest chanoe, having already; represented the distriot very. satis- factorily ;i! but he .does not seem particularly anxious to repeat thei experiment. ; Mr Williams, a member of the oily council, and an enterprising employer, \ wenld, no doubt, reiceive a considerable measure of ' support ; v 'and indeed ,we are given, io understand that he is the coming man. ; True, it has been stated 'thai «« a large section of the . inhabitants ' .' is anxious for Mr George Goppin to take the field, and should this gentleman : accept the invitation he would be' certain' to.give serious trouble to aby opponent. But, Mr Coppin himself has not vet expressed any desire to make . an ; early reappear ance on the,, political stage. There will be no lack of i candidates, at all events, and the .electors of Richmond will be positively embarrassed by the political tre'asurea between which they will have to ? decide. ''.' '..-'? .''-.?. '? .\\. ? ' '? V- .'?. ' ' %': It is a pity that the Upper House eleotions must take place -at' a time wtien the recent regis tration cannot' 'be turned to account.- Im pediments ' like -this' ought to have the effect of arousing the1 liberal electors to renewed activity, so :that' tijey .may lose none of the advantages actually within their grasp. Matters have' not much ohanged since we last referred to the subject. ;Mr M'Combie has had an encouraging interview with a portion of the Southern Province electors at Hawthorn; and no doubt seems to be; entertained of his snocess, always providing that: the eleotors do their portion of ' the work. Mr xjurrowoH hub ?muoroBuy reurea iiom me c-oucu Western Province; leaving the' issue between Messrs Rolfe arid Learmorithj the former being tolerably safe to win, notwithstanding the desperate efforts of; the reactionary party: to seoure a representative so suitable for their purposes as his opponent. In the Eastern Province Mr R. S. Ander Bori ' baa'' been;, feeling his way; and as yet no liberal candidate has put in an appear ance ;, bat, as thq writ for this province. has not yet been issued, the eleotors still have it in their power to escape being represented' by so eminently scru pulous a statesman. The list of candidates for these Council eleotions stands as follows just' now :— North- Weatern,;, Province, ,'.'; Mrj , -A..,', Eraser ; Western I Provinoe, Mr S. G. , Henty ; and Mr R.' Maodougall ;?;.'? South-Western Province,- Mr A. Learmonth and; Mr G. Rolfe; Eastern Province, M,r %, S. Anderson ; Central Province, Mr ' Jas. Graham and Mr E. Cohen ; Southern Provinoe, Mr J.. Sherwin.and ;Mr, T. , M',Combie. The writs are: out for the Southern and Central Provinces only, but the others will follow almost immediately. For the1 Central ^Province, the day of nomination is 20th September, and that of polling 29th September. For the Soutnetn, Provinoe, the day of nomination 22nd September,' and that of polling 3rd: October. . It is really too bad for a gentleman of suoh re. ' fined nature arid delicate organisation bb Mr W. J, T. Clarke to be continually brought .before the publio gaze in, equivocal positions. Odious as are the charges7 made against him from time to time, as a money lender at a rato* of interest' ruinous to the borrower, or as a land speculator whose opera tions have been fatal to the publio interest, they a*a insignificant, as compared with, the imputations of perjury directed against him a few days ago. It is evident that the movers in this business fancied they had some valid ground to go upon, or else they must have' been guilty of perjury themselves. Mr Clarke was summoned, to the city police court to answer a charge made upon' o sworn information ; but, unhappily for' those who may have expected ' startling disclosures,' the case was settled out of court— counsel on both sides concurring in, the irri pression that it all arose out of a misunderstanding,; and that no good would come of an investigation— that in fact, ' it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood, and an explanation would spoil it.' . Now, we have not the slightest doubt that an inquiry into the bnsinesa would be of doubtful advantage to public morals ; but why should it he charge - have been; made at all, if. incapable of substantiation, ? Whether the. allegation arose out of malice or mere, stupidity, Mr Clarke seems to 'be a very much injured indi vidual, since he has had no adequate opportunity; for vindicating his fame. '' ?????? ' I Sandhurst has now enjoyed the honor of a visit1 from her Majesty's representative, the local indus trial exhibition having been inaugurated by his j Excellency on' Thursday. It was a great day for! the Bendigonians ; and they apparently enjoyedj themselves 'to the top of their bent.' The ex-; UlUAblU.U;£liDt3JUl ;.W»O .AOtUijr VrOUlliUUlD, QUU UU1U1JLUU1J arranged so as to set off to the best advantage the mineral and agricultural wealth and' the industrial enterprise of the district. Imposing as were the: rocks of gold- bearing quartz; an interest of a differ-! ent and more serious, kind may have been felt in: the wine, tobacco, leather, pottery, &c;, which indi cated the progress' of native industry in a locality; where; but a short time ago, native mannfac- ' tures were absolutely5 unknown.' His Excellenoy' was evidently well pleased at every thing . submitted j to his observation ; and_he said so with characteristic ? cordiality. ... - .-..?' ? ? . , ? : ?.. ; The German war has reached an important,' al though probably riot a decisive, stage. Contrary to ' 'general expectation, it has already resulted in the' triumph of the. Prussians , over Austria, and the '? latter power has had to accept conditions submitted - Practically, theterms amount to a reconstruction of Germany, under the military and diplomatic rule of Prussia, who is to combine the Northern States into a compact organisation— -Austria being at liberty to form a union; with such of 'the Southern ; principalities &9 are willing to cling to a fallen cause. Nobody seems to. have wished well to the 'Prussians at first; but their success has already wrought a maryellonsi change in publio opinion; and, properly enough, ,too, because success in this instance has revealed Prussia's capacity to realise that idea of German unity which has been long cherished by the German people, and iB regarded as essential alike to European peace and popular pro gress. Count Bismarck, the prime mover in all these events, is hailed as a modern Richelieu, likely to weld the scattered forces of Germany into a powerful and . intelligent State,, Other complications are likely to crop up, however. Austria has ceded Verietia to France, but the Italians have actually taken posses sion of this State, notwithstanding the' cession. The French Emperor, it is said, insists, upon extending his dominions: to the Rhine. The latest news by the mail represents the three belligerents, Italy,. Austria,' and Prussia, as considering the pre liminaries of peace, but preparing for war ; so that ' the end is not yet.' r In tho present volcanic condition of European politics, it is difficult to speculate upon the course which England may be' compelled to take ulti mately; but for the present her attitude is one of dignified neutrality, neither her honor nor interest being in the slightest degree concerned in the con tinental embroglio as it exists at present. Lord Derby' has. announced; this as tho foreign policy of his Government, and it would be well for the' safety of his Cabinet if their views of domestic policy were equally in harmony with publio opinion; The de-t feat of the Reform Bill has created intense excite .UUV7AXU. UUUUgUUUU ULL\3 UUI^aIUJL Jf ) JUVUlV AUXlCIUMUUlliK VUD pre- ocGupation of the publio mind by the important occurrences taking place abroad ; and the indiscreet1 attempt of the Home: Office, to. prevent a reform demonstration in Hyde-park is certain to evoke a powerful reaction against the! Tories and their treacherous colleagues of ' the Cave,', who are .looked upon as more Tory than the Tories themselves. Not the leaot welcome news by the mail is an account : of the successful laying of the Atlantic telegraph cable, which has at length been accomplished in a, manner that promises se curity. Apropos of the Atlantio telegraph, the by gone failures on the Newfoundland route have led to at leaBt the projection of several rival sohemes, i more or less likely to succeed : for example, : a line ; iiom England to Portugal ; thence to \ Flores, on the Atlantio, o»a from Flores to Nova Scotia; It has also been proposed to. run aline from the European continent to Brazil; and there has been some talk of an overland route by way of Siberia. According to a writer in the Fortnightly fleuiew, the most practicable and desirable of these routes is that proposed by the North Atlantic Com pany.' The promoters of this Hue propose to raise a capital of £2,000,000, in £20 shares; on the prin ciple of limited liability. The cables are to be insured,, and the erection of all the works entrusted to contractors, who must undertake all risks. Curiously enough, it is said that this line would have Jjeen traversed by more than one cable some years ago, hut for the monopolising inter ference of an American gentleman, one Colonel .Sohaffner, of Kentucky. As we learn from the JSeview, so early as 1852, Mr Wyld, M.P.— to whbiri, and not to Mr Cyrus Field, is due the honor' of having first , suggested the telegraph to America — -took steps towards forming a company: to run lines from the north of Scotland by way of the Faroe Islands, Iceland, Greenland and Labra dor. Colonel Schaffner, then engaged as a tele-: graphic engineer, at once perceived the advantages of the projeot, arid, with the characteristic shrewd-' ness arid promptness of his fellow-countrymen, he seoured an exclusive right-of-way for a hundred! years ; Mr. Wyld, having apparently let himself be Jockeyed out of the affair. In 1859, the colonel surveyed in Labrador, chartered a vessel, and sailed! from Hamilton Inlet' to Juliensbaad, in Greenland,; thence to Iceland, the Faroe Islands, and the north; of Scotland ; the result of which was that he declared the route perfectly free from serious obstacles.' Circumstances, however, prevented him from ma turing bis plans ? arid, in the meantime, the: Danish Government , found that they had been in discreet in according him the hundred years' privi lege, so they accordingly transferred the concession to axr vrviu iu»s uutouiu, uu couuinou inai an asao oiatien ^should be at' once formed to initiate the enterprise. Hence, the North Atlantic' Company,!: ' the most gigantic and the most promising' of all the routes, we are assured, on the completion of ' whjoh 'not only American, but Indian and Aus- ' tralian news of the preceding day will appear as regularly and inevitably in the London morning' journals as the Paris telegrams pf the last fourteen years.'-,;;, .„? ; ! ? . [-.? .. , ? ' ? j It is to be feared that Mr Born, the worshipful! mayor of Fitzroy, [has somewhat damaged his posi tion as a candidate for the permanent commission, of the peace^. Fitzroy must be: badly off for ter-i ritorial magistrates, when the people have to . p'etd— j tion the Government for a fresh supply, and no doubt so reasonable a prayer will be generously ; respqnded'tb; but what can the Government do ifi the hopes of the community are set upon Mr Born? In his, noble rage for , the administration of jus tice in his own propar person, this worthy gentle-| man appears to have brought himself to the bari instead of the bench of the court in which he- might have expected to preside most frequently as: a 'territorial ;' and the Minister of Justice may regard this as a fatal bar to his further elevation. Of course, his worship did not employ Mr Dobson ? to procure signatures to a petition re-; | questing, the Government to appoint ; and. he m.ust have been perfectly right in resisting!; Dobson's claim as compensation for that service;' but what' are we to think of the naughty language^, attributied to his worship subsequently ? To callj j even a! Dobson a '—-' swindler ' and a liar'; would be reprenerisible in any ordinary individual 'yj j but when it is uttered by amdyor, and 'a1 possible.;! territorial magistrate ! We should certainly have det the- j story down at once as another Dobsonian inventioa ! but that the stern magistrates; oh the Fitzroy:bench. not only believedit, but (punished the offeric^by a. , substantial penalty. No doubt; Mr; Born1 ia.vri6w'j effectually disgusted with the whole busirie'saViandl', it would be .perfectly useless/fpr the Govern^eAt'to'' j think of offering him an honor -which he would at i onoe deoline. ' ??;???? . '? '? - ? ; ;; Hotels seem to be peculiarly liable to taking &mr; , especially when the premises are pretty handsomely ; insured. In one or two cases which have jusfc - occurred, the circumstances were so extraordinary - as to have justified an offioial investigation, and the- results are particularly awkward for the occupiers ' of the premises in question. One inquest took; plarie on the burning of theNew Rising Sun Hotel, j at Footsoray. This hotel was discovered on fire, early on Sunday morning, the landlord, Mr Jones,! being seen loitering about the premises, as if it was no particular affair of his. He declined to give the police any information as to how the ' accident'r took plaoe, and prevented his wife from being any more communicative. Tliis; looked Buspioious, to say the least ;? and it also transpired that oh the previous Thursday Jones had executed a dooument transferring tho property to one Mr Comry. Nobody \ can be surprised that Messrs Jones and Comry bavo been committed to stand their trial for fire-raising. More extraordi nary still is the case of the British Hotel, in Queen street. Here, also, the fire was discovered at an early hour in the morning, and the fire brigade had 'their work to do in order to get it under.' That they did ' get it under ' ought to be an epoch in the cnnals of the brigadiers, for no less than seventeen- dis- tinct fires were discovered blazing away in the rooms, in every place .but the fireplace; candles, matches, and combustible materials steeped in kerosene, were scattered about in perilous profusion. It transpired that most of the furniture and stock, insured for £600, had been removed — a prudent step on the part of the proprietors, to be sure, although it has excited some vulgar suspicion, and . caused them to be sent to gaol pending an in quiry. The great Cornish and Bruce base is to be oarried before the Privy Council, so that the rumored at tempt at a compromise must have fallen through. Both parties have obtained leave from the Supreme Court to appeal — the petitioners on the ground that they ought to have obtained £11,000 interest upon the amount awarded, and the Crown on the ground that the whole judgment ought to be upset. Which aide is to realise the old adage about 'going fur ther and faring worse ?' By the way, we observe that another monster suit, for the recovery of about a quarter of a million sterling, is likely to be corii menced against the Government by the contractors for the Ballaarat Railway, Messrs Evans and Merry and Williams and Little.. This handsome ' trifle' consists of an alleged deduction of 7i per cent, damages for detention of the works, through the non- arrival of the Government plant for six months after contract time, and losses sustained by the con tractors because the Government took premature possession of the line for traffic. There is to be an attempt at effecting an amicable arrangement— not the less likely to succeed because the Government has instructed MesBrs Malleson and England to resist the claim. Queensland appears to be in a deplorable con dition. . There has been considerable distress in the colony for ? many a month, owing to the absence of reproductive industry ; and the recent stoppage of, the railways and other public works has, of course, added to the ranks of the unemployed a ' rough' element, which will not want for food so long as it is to be had. For all this the people of Queensland have to blame nothing so much as that reokless system of free immigration which has flooded the country for UtJYCitti. VOnlOl JbUA*JUA£5&UUbO; MAW DVU1 MUiUg 4l*UUUl% on the wharf a, while the people, goaded to des peration by actual want, are threatening to storm the stores and banks, and even menacing the man sion of his Excellenoy the Governor. It is, a pity that Sir George Bowen, who imagines that he has a right to ' control' responsible government, did not interfere to bhebk the over-populating labors of Ms ' Jordan, the ' indefatigablo' immigration agent. Batween Jordanism and Bowenism, one of the moat ? promising of the Australian colonies has1 come to grief ; and the mischief of it is] that there seems no 'immediate way out of the difficulty^ - , Does anybody really admire the bassi relievi on the Burke and Wills monument, now that, they oan be examined as a whole ? We confess to our inabi lity to discern either beauty! in the design, or skill in the exeoution ; and we say this with a genuine respect for the artistic capaoity of the gentleman from whoBe hands they have proceeded. . In this . work, at all. events, Mr Summers has not done justice either to himself or to the] noble subject which it was the aim to commemorate. Take any of the four groups, arid endeavor to regard them as veritable representations of the human or animal form. Something has been said about erect ing an iron railing1 around the. monument, in order to protect the figures from obliteration by. thoughtless spectators. An ornamental railing would indeed give a more agreeable aspect to what now looks so bleak and ugly in its nakedness ; but as to preserving the figures from obliteration, some of them bave never been in sufficiently strong relief to be satisfactorily recognised ; and probably so , mucu the better. It gives us unfeigned regret to comment thus upon a work wbicb we should be so delighted to admire, .had the artist realised the hopes founded upon his well- won reputation. It would have been far more easy to launch forth in unlimited panegyric, and to twaddle about keeping the street boys away from suoh superb memorials of art and genius ! ' ? . The Geelong Advertiser says :— ' A short time ngoflwo called attention to the number of cormorants whioh infested our bay, and suggested the use of the. duck gun, ,&o.; An industrious duckshooter, fully impressed with the idea that he could gain a good living, without interfering with the game laws, ?went to work a few days ago at the cormorants. Having one of those enormous duck guns, he ma naged to seoure 200 birds in one day, and, on pre senting them to the Melbourne Anglers' Protection Society, was rewarded, according to advertisement, sixpence per head. Perhaps this slaughter will ao count for the scarcity of plover eggs hi Melbourne, where complaints have been made that they tire not only dear; but do not eut aa well aa plover eggs are expected to do.' ? 