SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION: Parliament is still in recess ; and it is understood that Ministers persist in their determination not to call the two Houses to meet for the despatch of business before January or February next. The excuse put forward for this extraordinary resolution is the absence of the Treasurer, whose return from London is to be waited for. Whether another motive exists in the mind of the Cabinet remains to be seen. We know from the further despatches on the subject of the non-passing of the Appropriation Act for 1865, published in England, and received Lere by the last mail, that His Ex- cellency the Governor has been strongly enjoined to take care that he is not induced, like his predecessor, to break the laws of the colony. With Mr. Cardwell's despatch of the 25th June last before them, the action of Ministers is open to the suspicion that they have little regard for the position in which His Excellency may be placed. The finan- cial year expires on the last day of December. After that date no moneys -excepting "special appropriations," such as the salaries of Ministers, tlio judges, pensions, &c.-will; be " legally available" for the service of the state until the votes are passed. If Parlia- ment does not meet till February, it is by no means likely that any progress will be made with the Estimates till far on in March. If this is the case the civil servants and employes of the Crown, the police force, the railway staff, »fee,, will be again left without their pay, and these people will be exposed, quite unnecessarily, to the inconveniences and hardships which they endured when a similar state of things occurred during the quarrels of the two Houses over the tariff. There is no substantial reason .why the Civil servants should be so treated. There never was a time since the colony has possessed a constitution when Parliament could have been so conveniently called together to pass the Estimates before the commencement of the year for which tho votes were re- quired. The last session ended on the first day .of June last. It is not supposed that the Cabinet has had before it in the interval any measure of great importance which it was desirable to mature in a long recess. Parliament could and should have met in the course of the present month, and the whole of the Estimates could have been passed before the Christmas icocoo. A roQuia.ii.j- t- u.. conduct of public affairs could have been introduced, which preceding Go- vernments-as well as the leading mem- bers of the present Ministry-have ex- pressed a wish to see become the prac- tice. That the public works of the colony should go on without interruption is the wish of all parties, and has been the special prayer of deputations to the Government ; but many of these works must be suspended, and others, desirable and necessary, can- not be commenced, because with the close of the year unexpended votes will lapse, and no new works can be under- taken, favourable as tho summer season is for them, until money is provided by the Assembly. The Ministry place Sir Henry Manners Sutton in the most Tin enviable position, because the course they are pursuing must compel him to consent tacitly to the contraction of en- gagements for which the previous sanc- tion of Parliament has not been ob- tained, or to resort to an extremity which would be still more serious. It is useless at this early stage to specu- late as to what may be the result ; but if a state of matters is brought about which will revive the unpleasantnesses of the past, the responsibility which will lie at the doors of the Ministry will be great. Among the measures which will be pressed on the notice of Parliament, when it does meet, will be the amend- ment of the Local Government Act. It has been found defective in working in many particulars, though as a whole it bas been a successful piece of legislation. Deputations from the various shire fiôuncUs and. road, boards have met in Melbourne, and have discussed and arranged the amendments which Parlia- ment will be asked to make in the bill. The amendment of the Mining Statute, and the settlement in some shape or another of the mining on private property question, cannot be longer delayed. So many new lights have beer« tiirown upon the subject of raining companies' titles especially on Ballarat, where scarcely "any of the great alluvial companies hold their land by lease from the Crown and so many new companies have beer formed to work ground which the eldei companies believe and claim to b< theirs; that Parliament must interfere The new Court of Mines, over whicl Judge Molesworth presides, has nov before it a series of suits arising out o .these conflicting claims, and tho depre elation in the value of the best mining stocks which is the consequence of th litigation is very considerable. In the arbitration of Young v. titi Board-of Land and Works, a decisioi has been given in favour of the plain tiff, with an award of £10,877, fo "work and materials, and by way o damages, The case arose out of th meddling curiosity of a supporter of th , Government, who took exception to th manner in which the plaintiff, a con tractor, was carrying out the works c the new asylum for lunatics at Ken The Ministry listened to him, and th works were stopped. How far his com plaints were borne out by the evidenc adduced is sufficiently shown by the d< cisión at which î;he arbitrators have arrived. The Exhibition continues to attract numerous atrangers to the capital, and is daily and nightly visited by large numb&rs; of persons. By the ship Light- ning, which sailed a few days ago for London, the greater portion of the pro- ducts of the colony and specimens of our industries intended for the French Exhibition have been forwarded to Paris. The season continues to be extremely favourable, and a very large harvest is expected. The clip of wool has been heavy, and fat cattle and sheep are now abundant. No part of the colony has been unvisited by frequent and abundant rains in good season. The September English mails, per Penin- sular and Oriental Company's s.S. Geelong, arrived at King George's Sound on the 6th November, having left Galle on the 22nd October. She anohored off the Sandridge Ballway Pier at six p.m. on the 11th Novem- ber. The English news first reached na, as usual, per telegraph from Adelaide, whither it was brought by the branch mall steamer. The natural anxiety of the public respecting the expected commercial intelligence was soon allayed by the publication at The Argus Office of a telegram, which was signaled in cypher from the branch steamer as she ap- proached Glenelg. By that means the pnblio were informed that peace reigned in Europe, and that the Bank rate of discountiwas lower, fully an hour before the steamer had actually arrived at Adelaide. The s.s. Geelong is a newlboat. She made a fine passage, and brought London telegraphic news to the 10th October. The telegraph was not working well, the fault lying mainly with the Turkish operators. Our new Governor has commenced his hospitalities auspiciously. Lady Manners Sut- ton^ first " At Home" was attended by about 1,200 ladies and gentlemen, and proved ono of the most enjoyable parties ever given at Toorak. Lady Manners Sutton and the re- spective members of her family exerted them- selves lo the utmost to insure the comfort and pleasure of the guests, who were evi- dently much gratified with the hospitality which was shown to them. ' His Excellency the Governor paid a short visit to Castlemaine early in the month, for the purpose of opening the Spring Show of the Castlemaine District Agricultural and Horticultural Society. The show was poor, but tho welcome to His Excellency was sin- gularly warm and enthusiastic. He was en- tertained at a handsome banquet, the only drawback to the succees of which was the eager desire of some of the speakers to eulo- gise the Ministry. In furtherance of this idea, the fine band of the Castlemaine Rifle?, which was in attendance, was instructed to play the air of "Hard times come again no more," after the health of the Ministry had been proposed. One of the chief events in social life during tbe month has been the reappearance of the Hon. A. Michie, late Minister of Justice, as a lecturer. His Bubject wag, " The Prospects and Betrospects of the Colony ;" and his perform- ance was creditable to his wit, to his good nature, and generally to his candour. It was of course mainly political, and in support of Ministerial views ; but when he turned from that Bido of his subject and ventured on sketches of certain phases of social life, his success was so very great that it was a pity he did not give us more of them. His dealing with the political questions of the day has, of course, formed the topic for mnch discussion, and it seems to be admitted on all sides that he has been totally unable to explain away bia advocacy aforetime of 11CD blOUu Jllluui^iwi vi WKw Eufww »......_..-. kind. His total omission of any reference to the constitutional knot which was untied by the recall of Sir Charles Darling, was, at least, thought significant. The hall was crowded, and the object sought to be aided, the building fund of the St. Kilda Artillery Orderly-room, essentially served. The only contretemps ".on the occasion was the enthu- siastic endeavour of Mr. M'Culloch, Chief Secretary of Victoria, and Mr. Vale, the newly appointed Minister of Public Works, to break through a solemn engagement entered into by Mr. Michie, in order that they might serve the ends of a contemporary in the Ministerial interest. Mr. Michie, who read hiB lecture, had promised to allow The Argus the use of the manuscript for the purposes of publica- tion next morning, and thiB was to be managed by dividing the sheets with that contemporary, an interchange of " slips" fol- lowing. To the surprise of those concerned, these two high officials, members of the Queen's Government, ventured to break through this arrangement made by their late colleague, and Mr. M'Culloch, seizing the manuscript from Mr. Michie, handed it to the representative of the journal ho wished to serve. Of course the attempt was defeated In a moment, and the only wonder now is to what lengths this sort of spirit will carry its possessors. Mayoral dinners In the old style are gra- dually coming in vogue here. The installa- tion of the present mayor, Mr. W. AVilliams, was commemorated by a banquet at the Cri- terion Hotel, on the 9th inst. His Excel- lency the Governor, the Chief Secretary, the Commissioner of Lands, the Minister of Justice, his Honour Sir Redmond Barry, Judge Molesworth, and the vice- chancellor of the University, the officers of the Royal Artillery, the lath Regiment, and Commander Wilkin- son, B.N., were among the guests, who num- bered in all about 120. A few days since the Melbourne press suffered a melancholy loss by the death of Mr. F. Sinnett, of The Argus. Mr. Sinnett was the son of Mrs. Percy Sinnett, a lady still well known in English literary circles as an authoress and translator of merit, and ar- riving in South Australia in 1848, first at- tempted to practise at his profession as a surveyor, and then joined the press, of which he had had experience in England. When gold was discovered he came to Victoria. He was for some time editor of the Mel- bourne Herald. At a later period he joined The Argus staff; and in 1855 he origi- nated Melbourne Punch, of which he con- tinued the editor for three years, at the ex- piration of which term he was induced to undertake the editorship of the Geelong Daily News. Family reasons urged him to remove to Adelaide, where he was appointed short- hand writer to the Legislature, and where he engaged somewhat extensively in business pursuits. He also conducted the Telegraph, an evening newspaper, besides contributing to the Wallet and other publications. In so doing, it is to be feared he overtaxed his powers both of body and mind; and when, in response to an invitation from the conductors of this journal, he returned to Melbourne about twelve months ago, it was painfully evident that his strength had given way, and that the disease from which he died had made such ravages upon his frame as to discourage the expectation of his recovery. He sank gradually for eight weeks, and then died while in a peaceful sleep. As a writer, he combined the logical with the imaginative faculty in a rare degree. No one could detect a fallacy or a flaw in reasoning more acutely, expose it more clearly, or demolish it more adroitly than he could. On the other hand, he could enliven and illustrate the dullest subjects with a ray of fancy or a flash of humour. With humour, indeed, his mind was satu- rated, and there was not a touch of malice in it. He could wield the weapons of banter, sarcasm, and irony, without wounding or irri- tating those against whom they were em- ployed ; and his versatility was not the least conspicuous of his qualities. Had his life been spared, his ability might have seconded his ambition to achieve something " the world would not willingly let die." Mr. Sin- nett's funeral was attended by a large number of members of the press. We announced on the 7th that Mr. Henri J. Hart had been gazetted as United States consul, Mr. Blanchard having retired from that position in consequence of ill-health. This important office could not have been placed in better hands, Mr. Hart being an American by birth, a long resident in Aus- tralia, and well fitted by commercial experi- ence to discharge the duties of the consulate. He was officially presented to His Excellency the Governor on the 5th, the date of his assuming office. The long-promised bazaar in aid of the building fund of a large addition to our over- crowded Melbourne Hospital has been suc- cessfully held during the month, and it is expected that the net profits will amount to £3,000. There was nothing to distinguish it from similar affairs, save the great wealth of the stalls, the enthusiasm of ladies of all ranks in tho cause, and a circumstance which has brought the Attorney-General into prominent notice. There is a law ogoinBt raffles, and for this bazaar it was ruled that no rallies should be allowed, save for works of art and on the "Art Union" principle, viz., that each one concerned should get a prize. The ladies found out, however, that they had many expensive articles on hand which were not strictly works of art, and which they could only dispose of by raffling. They attempted to so dis- pose of them, and the police consequently were instructed to summon them for this breach of the law. It was an unpleasant feature in the affair, that, although in each case gentlemen-some of the highest circles- offered to become defendants, in older to save ladies from an appearance in a police-court, this obvions convenience was refused. The cases duly came off at the police-court, when the magistrates dismissed them all, on the gronnd that the defendants were not beneficially interested in the raffles. This decision the Government has appealed against, and the appeal will be heard nest month. The "Melbourne Cup" day of the late Spring Meeting of the Victoria Kaclng Club afforded a notable instance of the extraor- dinary operations in the shape of news-dis- tribution whioh mark this telographic era. "Within five minutns of the race being run the names of the horses gaining first, second, and third places were known at Sydney and Adelaide, and within a few minutes more at all the large towns of Victoria. A portion of the Becond battalion of the lath Regiment of Foot arrived in Melbourne per ship Monarch, from Auckland, N.Z., early in the month. The party here consists of 460 rank and file, and the following officers : -Lieutenant- Colonel W. C. Trevor, C B., the commander ; Captain and Brovet-Major John Glanoy, Captain George L. Bryce, Lieutenant James A. Anderson, musketry instructor ; Lieutenant A. B. Keogh, Lieutenant J. B. Frezeil, Lieutenant J. S. Johnson, Lieutenant John Laurence, Lieutenant 1<\ W. HaringtoD, Ensign A. W. Noyes, Ensign P. W. Symonds, Captain J. 0. V. Minnett, paymaster ; Quar- termaster John Mills, Surgeon-Major John E. Carte, MD., and Deputy Assistant Com- missary-General Neill. In addition theie are fifty-four women and 118 children, AH are exceedingly healthy. Before their depar- ture from Auckland Major General Chute published a general order highly compliment- ing the regiment on their gallantry during the New Zealand war. Of the same battalion 241 men have been quartered at Hobart Town, and 100 at Adelaide. The new arrivals are expected to become exceedingly popular, and the officers aud non commissioned officers have been separately ontertained at dinner by those holding similar rank in the Victorian Volunteer Service. An agitation has been commenced in the northern districts of Victoria, the object in view being the abolition of border customs. Meetings are held, and strongly-worded reso- lutions adopted, the residents on both sides of the river protesting against the Injustice done to them. The points on which most atrcea ia laid are-that the system now in operation, by preventing tho free traffic of Intercolonial produce, is a heavy tax on the people of the diotrictp, impeding trade in general, and is regarded by all classes of the community as an insufferable and unneces- sary burden ; that the duties are particularly invidious and oppressive when it is con- sidered that the people of tho oolonies of New South Wales and Victoria are the subjects of the same monarch and members of the same great British nation ; and that, as the Vic- torian Government is willing to accede co any fair proposal for compensation to relieve the Inhabitants of the border districts from this op presBive taxation ?fr al once to some dïnereru BlÍBÉáBlfiMí:0 An instance of the prejudicial operation of theee customs is noticed by the Border Post, in the following paragraph : " There was no bid on Monday for the pro- perty of the Murray Valley Vineyard Com- pany-a fine estate of 640 acres, in capital working order, and producing from the cul- tivated portion some of the finest wine in Albury. This estate has cost the share- holders about £7,000, and, as we said before, there was no offer for it. This is the first large vineyard that has succumbed under the devastating influence of the border customs. Cut off from their markets, the company had to sell their wine for 3s. per gallon, which was unremunerative." The conduct of one of the Ministerial mern* hera of the Legislative Assembly has been some- what publicly discussed of late. At a public meeting held at Tylden' he was charged with receiving a testimonial, the Bubscriptions to which wore not given as mementoeB of the high appreciation in which the individual was held, but for services rendered!; and also with complicity in some curious transactions in connexion with the appointment of a public official. Robert Burke, the New South Wales bush- ranger who ventured into Victoria, was actually In Melbourne, and was at last taken by Mr. W. F. Hurst, the son of a sheep and cattle farmer at Diamond Creek, Melbourne, has been tried for the murder of that gentle- man-whom he shot in the struggle-found "Guilty," and sentenced to death. Ho will be hanged on Thursday next. ~ZZ The promised amendment of the laws affecting public education has excited much interest among the teachers under the Board of Education, A conference of head teachers -delegates from various districts throughout the colony-assembled several times during the month, for the purpose of discussing the working of the Common Schools Act, with a view ot influencing the inquiries by the Royal Commission on the subject of educa- tion. Several resolutions of au important character wore passed, including one de- claring the necessity of the appointmont of a Minister of.Publio Instruction ; one aiming to limit the power, if not practically to destroy the existence, of local committees ; one affirming the desirability of establishing a normal college ; and one condemning tho system of payment by reßults, na unsound in principle, and unsatisfactory ia the form in which it Is now administered. An association has been formed in Gipps Land to prospect that district f jr deep leads Of gold, The benefits of the Government water supply scheme are it Booms to ba extended to ScarBdalo and Smythesdale. Some few days Bince the mayois of Scarsdale and Smythesdale, accompanied by Mr. Gillies, M.L A., and Mr. Henty, M.L.A., had an In- terview with the Minister of Mines ia re- ference to the water supply of these two boroughi. The deputation entered into par- ticulars, and Btftted that they were well able to guarantee the amount required by -.ie Government, Mr, Macgregor Bald he was satisfied that the scheme was quite feasible. In the course of three monthB ho expeoted that the preliminary ourveys would be suffi- ciently completed to enable the department to judge what the actual cost would be, and then provision would bo made to carry tho work out. The Government desired to prose- cute all these undertakings with tho greatest expedition. The vacancies whioh annually oocur ia'the City Council were filled np this year without any opposition. In Smith Ward-in which local jealousies at one time ran high-there waa no objection offered to the re-election oi Mr. Alexander M'Beau; in Bourke Ward, Mr. Fenwick was also re-elected without opposition; OB wero Mr. Williams (mayor elect), for Latrobe Ward ; IMr. Banders, foi Gipps Ward ; and Mr. Moubray, for Lonsdale Ward. A singular sceno in a church ia reported by the Ovens Advertiser. The affair occurred on Sunday evening, at the Trinity Church Wangaratta, and it would seem that the greatest horror aud disgust were occasionet amongst the members of the congregation bj the Rev, Mr, Booth's conduct towards a poo: little dog, the presence of which BO ox cited hie displeasure. It seems the anima in question was running about th church shortly after tho service commenced when the rev. gentleman, who had just giver out the evening hymn, noticed it. He imme dlately left the reading-desk, gave chaso t the dog, and having captured it. was pro ceedlng to carry it to the door when one o the congregation offered to relieve him of hi burden. Mr, Booth relinquished his captor to the gentleman who volunteered his ser- vices, at least (a portion of it- giving him the fore part of the animal to bold, but retaining its bind legs in his hand. It is with the greatest reluctance we record what followed, but justice compels us. The rev. gentleman took one of the dog's hind legs in both his hands, and after several attempts, deliberately snapped it in two. This act of cruelty gave rise to the moBt sickening sensations amongst those in church, and a large number rosa and hur- riedly loft, quito shocked at what they had witnessed. Since then the Rev. Mr. Booth has resigned his cure, probably because of the strong feeling against him existing in the public mind. It appears that the samples of coal lately shown in Geelong, obtained from. Louttit Bay, were taken from a vein which crops out at highwater mark, and dips seaward. It cannot be worked. The s.S. Barwon, stranded some months ago at Queenscliff, still remains high and dry. ExpenBivo attempts to get her oft havo been made, but they have been baulked by un- expected storms. " On the importance of Geelong as a grape growing district," remarks the Register, "some idea may be formed from the fact that noarly ono quarter of the area under vine culture within the colony is within the immediate vicinity of our town ; and of the superiority of the Geelong grapos for wine-making pur- poses some notion may ba conceived from the fact that of 110,000 galions of wine made during one year within Victoria, nearly 60,000 gallons were made in this district." Many English readers will, doubtless, remem- ber the case of a Mr. Lewis, of Tasmania, who placed a box containing a large amount of Government debentures in charge of the Union Bank, In Melbourne, and intrusted the key thereof to one Fletcher, cashier of the bank, so that the latter might, at the right time, cut off the coupons representing the amount of the interest due, and place the money to the credit of the former. The end was that Fletcher levanted with the money, and the bank refuBed to make the loss good. Large interest was excited by the circumstances of the case, and the question of the bank's liability. An action was brought for the recovery of the money, and was tried this month. The jury, after many hours' deliberation, found a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £10,450-the full amount of the debentures lost, without in- terest. The case will yet be contested at law before the full Court in banco ; and whichever party loses there intends to go to the Privy Council for a final chance. The Melbourne Deep Sea Fishing Com- pany's cutter Redcliffe has made another successful trip. There has been a strike among the day labourers employed on the Castlemaine por- tion of the Coliban Water Supply works. The men on the Malmsbury reservoir struck for 7s. a day, instead of 6s. par day, and with much violence forced those employed on the other parts of the work to stay operations till the contractors, Greenwood and Co., gave way. The crowning injustice was that, though the other contractors offered to pay 7s, and the men doing day labour for the Government were willing to work for 6s., the Malmsbury men would not let them, and forced them from their work with bludgeons, At last, however, Greenwood and Co. gave way, and 7s. per day became the ruling price, the Government men still taking 6s. per day. A private letter from Western Australia in- forms ÜB that considerable indignation is felt theie that the petition which was sent home twelve months ago, in favour of the introduc- tion of responsible government, has so far met with no response from the Imperial authorities. Letters have been received by Mr. George Marshall, by the last English mail, from Mr. H. H. Stephenson, who states that the visit ot the English cricketers is unavoidably poät poned till next season. He says that a very Bupetior eleven will then be ready to visit Australia. Wlllsher will be amongst them, as he greatly relishes the idea of a trip to Australia, and Mr. Stephenson adds that it is not unlikely that he will himself join the party. "'?ilUha-jwre hulldine for. the Wnnllfin nnrl of the Barwon, reports the Geelong Register, "ie progressing rapidly, and in about ten weeks from the present time will be finished." It is of bluestone, and contains a main room 111 feet long and 44 feet wide. The machinery, which h IIB been shipped and is expected here in Decomber, consista of a thlity-five-horsepowersteam engine, a "scrib bier," a "carder," and a "condenser." By the ship Essex, from London and Fly mouth, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Gavan Duff j have returned to the colony. Their voyagi and sojourn in Europe have been beneficial both Mr. and Mrs. Duffy having returned ti the colony in good health. The Melbourne B&ICB; of Crown lands, whicl have been so frequent for some mouths posl have been very poorly attended of late. Th policy of forcing the public domain on ai evidently glutted market is most reprobón Bible, as the land if sold under better auspice would readily realise much higher uguie than have recently been current. In 1805 there were sent to Western Aut tralla 556 convicts, and the total numbs received up to the end of the year was 8.71Í of whom 2,931 were still convicts. Th ticket-of-leave holders in the colony wei estimated at 1,600. We are informed, through a source whlc we are disposed to regard as authentic, the the proposed voyage of the Grand Dub Alexis Alexandrowitz, of Russia, round tb world will include a visit to Melbourne. Th programme, it seems, is arranged thus. Th Grand Duke, who is destined to serve in th BuBslan navy, is to proceod with three frlgati to Portsmouth immediately after the ma riage, in December next, of his elder brothe tho Caisariwltch, to the Princess Dagmar < Denmark. From Plymouth the fleet, undi the command of Admiral Posjet, will sall t the Cape, and from thence to Melbourn The Grand Duke will be the first ropresei talivo of a reigning Royal family in Euro] -who has visited this country. The foundation-stone of a new lad pendent Chnrcb, Collins-Btreet east, wi laid a few days ago by Mr. H. Hopktns, Hobart Town, who came from Tasmania f the expresB purpose of performing the cei mony. An interesting circumstance iu co nexion with the event ie, that Mr. Hopkii twenty-seven years ago laid the foundatlo stone of the old building-the first place worship erected in the colony. At the recent annual meeting of the fríen and supporters of the Religious Tract Societ it was Btatcd that the total ampuat ïéûoîv from eales during the year was £2,318 1 10d., being less than in the previous year ' £59 2s. Id. The total number of publlcatlo distributed was 41,000, and the value of t stock in hand was £2,79812s. 7d. Theamou received in subscriptions during the pastyc was £403 17s. 4d., which, though somewh less than last year, would bear faYoural comparison with the average of previc years. From Now South WaleB wo learn thero has been a " scene" in the Legislative Assembly of BO violent a character that the reporters' gal- leries were clearod, so that there might be no record of the language UBod. It seems that a Mr. ¿Han M'Phorson called another member, Mr. Robert Buchanan, a " hog." Toll waa objected to, and after a long debate, during which the offender refused to withdraw his bad language, tho Speaker's warrant for his arrest was made out. Mr. M'Pheraon then letracted the expression, and all was over. From a return presented to both Houses of Parliament in New South Wales it appears that the lines of electric telegraph in that colony had, up to the close of 1864, cost £132,025 18s. 8d.; that the cash receipts for that year were £29,678 8?. 4d., and the work- ing expenses £22,085 Is. 7d" leaving a net profit of £7,593 6s. 9d. In the year preceding the cash receipts were £29,599, the working expenses £20,499 3s. Od., and the net profit £9,149 16s. 3d. The length of the lines in New South Wales was, up to the date men- tioned, 8,047 miles. To that number 130 miles of line had been added up to Juno of this year, making a total length of 3,177 miles. The cost of construction up to June last was I £145,860 5s. 4d. The net profit for last year was £10,051 13s. 8d. From the same return we perceive tbat the length of line in Vic toria is 8,100 miles ; in South Australia, 1,182 miles ; and in Queensland, 1,131} miles. The Bum of £6,057 13s. lid. has been raised for the relief of the sufferers by the recent wrecks and Btorms upon the coast. From Queensland comes the following items : By telegram fromBowen.PortDenisonjdatod November 16, nowa has arrived from Burke Town and the Albert River district on the Gnlf of Carpentaria, to the 20th October. Another tree with the Leichardt marka had been discovered at Beam's Creek, about twenty-eight miles sonth-west of the junction formed by the Barkly and Albert rivers. Pieces of bone and portions of a skull have been found near the spot. The manner in which the trees are blitzed appears to prove that the explorer and his party went west- ward from the Gulf. Walker and his party had arrived at the end of September, having traversed the country from Townsville to the Gulf. He speaks unfavourably of the land along the route. The timber, he says, ia un- fit for the purposes of a telegraph line. The party suffered considerably from slcknesa during the journey. Walker was to start again in a fortnight, and intended to cross the country to Cardwell. The gold pros- pectors who were out with the party give a good opinion of the country for mining pur Eoaes. At Burke Town and the neighbour ood the shearing waa nearly finished, and the yield of wool waa good. From a return presented to the Queensland Legislative Assembly it appears that an aggre- gate of upwards of 9,000 acres had been applied for from 1st June, 1805, to 25th April, 1866, by forty-seven persona, to be used as coffee or sugar plantations. The return does not specify the proportions proposed to be brought under coffee culture. The applica- tions for land are for areaa varying from 320 to 1,280 aerea. As the cultivation of both coffee and sugar has been adequately tested in various parts of Queensland, it may bo ex- pected that in three or four years the exports of both will he considerable. In proroguing Parliament, on the 23rd ult, the Governor's speech contains the following sentence:-"So far aa Queensland ia con- cerned, it is gratifying to find from the official retorna that, notwithstanding the prolonged drought in the early months of this year and the subséquent depression of trade, the net revenue of the first three quarters of 18C6 ex- ceeded by nearly seven per cent, that of the first three quarters of 1865." On November 1st the Government com- menced the issue of Treasury notes, BB autho- rised by Parliament. The new stamp dutiea have alao been brought into operation. Tenders for £80,000 of Treasury bills have been sent in, at from Gd. to £8 premium, and £65,000 at par or under. These tendera are under consideration. Gold ia eaid to have been discovered thirty railea from Bowen. Prospecting parties have started to the spot. South Australian news ia not so interesting as naual. The following are the main topics of the month : Hia Excellency Sir Dominic Daly has ad- dressed circular letters to the Governments of Victoria, New South Wales, and South Aus- tralia, submitting for their several considera* Mons " whether It would not be desirable now to adopt a uniform tariff, at all events for tho Riverine and coasting trades, aa tbe tariffs of Victoria, New South Wales, and South Aus- tralia are already in many respecta so similar tbe one to the other." The revenue for the past quarter shows a decrease, aa compared with the corresponding quarter of last year, of £2,000; and the expen- diture an increase of £123,000. The A.S.N. Oo.'a steamer Eagle is to leave Sydney immediately, direct for the Northern Territory, for the purpose of removing the Government party now at Escape Oliffe. Tho Eagle goes via Torres Straits, bat will return to Adelaide by way of Cape Leuwiu. From Tasmania we gather the following news : Parliament met on the 20th iust., but has only formally commenced business. Dr. Officer has been elected Speaker of the Lower House, for the third time. It is uuderstood that the elections having been unfavourable to the Ministry, they will resign early In the aesaion. The Hobart Town Mercury states:-"The last of the male aboriginal natives called at the office on Thursday, and informed us that ho was leaving the colony, and going ' home ' fnWtiolonH In (IIB nhlii .Vfhol JTIa name ÍH He saya he waa bom at .Launceston. ? ,H la THE INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION. By the last mail we Bent to our English readers an elaborate account of the ceremony of opening this Exhibition, and ÜB treasures of art and industry. Since then UB career haebeonan unexampled Buccesa. Through- out the length and breadth of Australasia the affair has excited the doepest interest. A vast number of visitors from the neighbouring colonies have congregated here, and more ore expected ; and day after day finds a crowd of perBonB eager to gather something from the vast store of information laid before them. Nothing can be much more ridioulouB than the way in which many Europeans otherwise well informed-jumble together IdeaB respecting these colonies, supposing that to speak of one is to apeak of all, although the intercourse between France and England has hitherto been practically greater in comparison than the communication be- tween the various provinces of Australia. Nevertheless, thoprejudicesandself-suffiolonoy which have hitherto stood in theway of a closer union have been nearly equally absurd, and breaking them down seema to be the great work this Exhibition ia performing. The people of the varions colonies are now being accurately informed for the first time of their several resources. For instance, of one article alone, enamelled leather, there baa for yeara been considerable Importa from England elmply because It waa not known that it was manufactured equally well and cheaply In Sydney. The rocently oatab lisbed manufacture of glass in that place, too, ia now attracting an attention it would never hove obtained under previously existing clr cumatancea, and the same may be said of an enormous variety of articles. The interest taken by the general public amounts almost to enthusiasm, and the large avorago of 3,323 persons have within twenty oight days daily entered the doora of the Exhibi- tion. Slnco its opening on October 24th last the weekly attendance has been as followB : Ono week ending Oct. 27 .. .. 16,870 porsons. Do, Nov. 8 .. .. 10,281 do. Do. Nov. 10 ,. ., 26,477 do. Do. Nor. 17 .. .. 14,801 do. Do. Nov. 24 .. .. 17,607 do. total up to last Saturday .. 03,060 porsons. This number represents nearly one-BÍxth of the entire population of Victoria. The faot ia itself sufficiently expressive. A few figures respecting tho exhibitors-to count the exhibits would be troublesome and useless. In the Victorian Exhibition of 1861 there were 703 exhibitors, of whom 542 exhibited also in London. In the Inter- national Exhibition of 1862 held in London, the home exhibitors were 6,966, and this ia, of course, exclusive of all colonial dopen dencies, as well as foreign countries. Nearly half that number are now exhibiting in this Intercolonial Exhibition. The proportions, which in soma instances aro olose approxi- mations meroly, aro these : Victorian exhibitors (fino artB 200, otho» 1,837) .2,087 Tasmanian oxhlbltors ., "sy 1 Now South Wales do. -* >- jjT West Auitrall» ,, ,. 7; ,, "' 100 South Australia do. (this Includes vory many exhibit» by low (inhibitors) . go Now Zealand do. (30 Now Galodoula do. 42 Quoentland. 41 8,801 Ii may be that this is an over-estimate made in advance of a more complete calculation ; but it ia near enough to demonstrate the value of the movement whioh produced the Exhibition, and the energy with which the idea has been carried into effect. During the month the commissioners have dined together, the Victorian commissioners being the entertainers. The great feature of the affair was tho excellent and cordial speech made by M. Mathieu, who, with M. Boutan, represents New Caledonia. His ro marks indicated tho warm fueling which animates our French neighbours. At a somewhat impromptu luncheon given to test the preserved moats sent by Now South Wales, an idea was promulgated by several Victorians, to the effect that tho next exhibi- tion of the kind should he held in Sydney In 1870, a hundred years after Capr. Cook and Sir Joseph Banka landed on Australian shoro?. At the present moment the work of for- warding exhibits for the Paris Exhibition gocB on vigorously. THE GOLDFIELDS. There has been nothing startling in the news from the gold-fields during the past month. A nugget weighing 600oz. was found in the Lady Don claim, at Ballarat. The miners are well employed in the principal auriferous districts, and the average yields have generally been maintained, notwith- standing that the attractions of the Inter- colonial Exhibition have in some instances led to a cessation of work. A new rush of considerable proportions has eet in to the Cambrian Lead, near Landsborough. Two nuggots, the one weighing fourteen ounces and the other nine ounces, have been un- earthed in this locality. Another new reef h us been opened on the Yow Tow, Caledonian Diggings. Several claims have been taken up both east and weat of the prospecting claim. The prospectors have christened tho new find the Fallen-tree Reef, from tho cir- cumstance of the reef being first discovered under the roots of a tree lately uprooted by the wind. Some very rich specimens have already been obtained, and sanguine hopes as to its ultimate value aro entertained. A new piece of auriferous ground, which may prove a gold-field of some pretensions, has just been opened up near Lal Lal, Ballarat district. Some stir has been caused at Ballarat recently by a decision of Judge Rogers, judge of the Court of Mines, to the effect that the proclamation of roads, reserves, or residence areas precluded the Court from dealing with any questions arising out of their being mined upon, Several deputations waited on various departments of the Government to bring under the notice of the Cabinet the disastrous consequences likely to follow this decision. In each case it was decidad that nothing should bo done till the Supreme Court had expressed an opinion on the sub- ject. ACCLIMATISATION. The recent importation of salmon ova to stock the Tasmanian rivers has so far succeeded that a fine young salmon s molt (whioh, however, baa not found ita way to the sea) has been caught and sent over to Vic- toria. The Acclimatisation Society has re- ceived notice that a dozen jangle-birds have been shipped from India by the Charles Palmer. At a meeting of the society, held on November 10, Professor M'Coy stated that one of the moths from the allanthuB cocoons, which arrived with the salmon ova in last April, bad hatched out on the previous Monday ; this was a male, but as more of the pupx were living, it was hoped that fertile eggs might bo obtained. Upon opening the cocoons of thoso whioh had died, Professor M'Coy found that death had been caused by the insects nevor hav- ing assumed the proper Btate ; they con- sequently could never havo come to life, even bad they boen retained in Europa. Atten- tion has been called to the foot that English skylarks can be heard every morning in the neighbourhood of Mount Erica. NEWS OF THE CHURCHES. TUB EPISCOPALIAN CHÜECH. The Church Assembly was specially con- vened to meet on the 30th Ootobor, for the purpose of considering the desirability of adopting measures to prevent the carrying out of the principle of Mr. Oardwell's Colonial Bishops Bill, affirming that no church out of England and Ireland should bs regarded as a part of the United Church of England and Ireland, in which case the bishops' authority would cease to emanate from the Crown. The assembly held five sittings, and the delibera- tions rosuited in the almost unanimous adop- tion of the following resolutions: " That the tenor of the bill introduced in the Imperial Parliament in 18GG, intituled, ' A Bill to remove doubts as to the effect of Lfiiiejft, Patent granted to certain Colonial of the members or'W itíUhe, Colonies,' is nised by the Legislature aB the United Churoh of England and Ireland in Victoria, because " 1. Tho bill tends to create doubts as to the existence of the United Church of England and Ireland or of any branch of it out of the United Kingdom. "2. It contemplates the appointment and consecration of bishops out of the United Knlgdom 'by the free and_voluntary consent of any clergy, congregations, and persons, without any letters-patent or Boyal mandate or licence,' which have heretofore been neces- sary ; and therefore, instead of maintaining, rather tendB to sever, the connexion between the United Church of Eoglaud and Ireland In the United Kingdom and the body of Christians in Victoria professing to be mem- bers of that church. " 3. It interferes with the Act of the Legis- lature of Victoria l8 Viet. No, 45, which re- cognises the existence of ' the United Churoh of England and Ireland in Victoria,' and contemplates its supervision by a succession of bishops of that church. "That In the opinion of this Assembly any Imperial legislation calculated to loosen the connexion between the United Church of England and Ireland and the body of Chris- tians in Victoria professing to belong to that church would be highly Injurious. " That in the opinion of this assembly, the principal points to be kopt in view towards maintaining such connexion are- , " 1. The preservation of the ohurch in this colony aB an integral portion of the United Ohurch of England and Ireland, although not connected with tho state as an established churoh. " 2. The appointment of bishops to the United Churoh of England and Ireland in Victoria, according to a uniform rule, so as to avoid tho danger of several individúala claiming simultaneously to be bishops of the same diocese. " 8. An appeal in all ecclesiastical causea to the supreme ecclesiastical tribunal of tho United Church of England and Ireland." A considerable discussion took place. Tho following petition to the Queen was also adopted : " To Her Most Gracions Majesty tho Queen, " May it please your Majesty. "The humble petition of your Majesty's loyal and dutiful subjects, the bishop, clergy, and laity of the United Church of Eng land and Ireland In Victoria, lawfully as- sembled, under the provisions of tho act 18th Victoria, No. 46, respectfully showetk " 1, That your petitioners bog to approaoh your Ma j CB ty with expressions of their devo- tion and attachment to your Majesty's throne and person. "2, That your petitioners havo alwaya claimed to belong to the United Church of England and Ireland, and that their posi- tion aa an integral part of the Bald church has been reoognlsod by acts of the Legisla- ture of Vlotoria, moro especially by tho not 18th Victoria, No. 45, intituled'An Aot to enable tho Bishops, Clergy, aud Laity of the United Church of England aud Ireland in Ylctotia to provide for tho regulation of the affaira of the Bald Church,'whioh aot re- ceived your Majesty's asBent on the 25th Feb- ruary, 1856. "That this recognition has never been held to confer any special advantage upon your petitioners over other of your Majesty's sub- jects who claim to bolong and are regarded as belonging to other religious communities; but that it is looked upon as leaving them in a position neither better nor worso than that of other religious denominations, by accord- ing to them, in common with others, full religious liberty in managing their own affaire. " That tho Assembly of tho Unitod Churoh of England and Ireland In Victoria, consti- tuted under tho said act, was duly convened to consider the manner in which that church might be affected by the passing of any snob bill on the subject of colonial bishoprics aa that which waa brought hoforo the Imperial Parliament In tho year 1860. " That, after careful deliberation, the assem* blvpassed the following resolutions." [Tho resolutions appear above] " That thore were in the year 1865 in the colony of Victoria 123 churohos and 188 other places of worship connocted with tho Unitod Church of England and Ireland in Victoria, and 110 clergymen officiating In tho dlocoBO of Melbourne, under licence from the bishop thereof; and in the same year more than £47,000 wero contributed towards the main- tenance of tho church, under the throe benda of private contributions, pew rents, and offer- tory collections, in addition to which largo sums have been contribated from time to time by private individnals towards the en- dowment of tho bishopric and other ecclesi- astical objects. " That the membara of tho United Ohurch of England and Ireland in Victoria have In time past contributed large sums for the building of churches, parsonages, and schools, the property in whioh Is vested in trustees, under authority of colonial legislation, for the purposes of the said churoh as now con- stituted. "That after your Majesty's assent had been given to the act 18th Victoria, No. 45, tho colonial enactment, 25th Victoria. No. 167, WBB passed, In the yeor 1862, under which act certain lands wero vested ' in the Bishop of Melbourne and his successors, in trust for the United Ohurch of England and Iroiand In Victoria,' and provision was made for the legal succession of trustees of'land belonging to the United Church of England and Ireland in Victoria.' "That if the Imperial Legislature should by any measures induce doubts as to the orderly succession of bishops, the position of the clergy, and the due management of the property of our communion In the colonies, by leaving the mapagemont of such property to all persons being or professing to be members of that communion, without any regulation securing management conform- able to the wishes of those from whom that property is derived, much confusion, Bchlsm, andlltlgation would probably ensue. " That If the affairs of the churoh to whioh we belong should be thus plunged into con- fusion, your petitioners, and those who under God's providence will Bucceed thom, will suffor a hardship not inflicted upon tho mem- bers of any other religious denomination. "That your Majesty's petitioners would therefore humbly pray that no legislation may be sanctioned which would have the offtct of throwing doubts upon the substan- tial unity of the United Church of England and Ireland in Victoria with the churoh in the mother country, or upon the uniformity of doctrine and worship between the parent church, and the churoh in the colony, the orderly succession of bishops in the colony, upon the position of the clergy, or upon the tenure of lands and administration of trusts affecting the United Churoh of England aud Ireland in Victoria, whioh would prevent tho members oftbat churoh from carrying appeals to the supreme authority of the church In the mother country. " And your Majesty's petitioners will over pray." It was further agreed :-" That the bishop be requested to sign petitions on behalf of the assembly, and forward them to Her Majesty, through the proper channel-that for presentation to the House of Lords to the Earl of Carnarvon, that for tho House of Commons to the Bight Hon. O. B. Adderley ; and also to send copies to the English arch- bishops and bishops, the Earl of Harrowby, and such other influential persons in the United Kingdom as the bishop in counoll shall determine." THB PHESBÏTEMAN CHÜB0U. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church met on tho 13th November, and the business of the session lasted eight days. The Bev. A. D. Klninmont was elected Moderator. Ohurch discipline was exercised in two cases, but the proceedings wero only in one of them conducted with open doors. This was the case of the Rev. D. Galloway, of Avoca, who had been cited to appear and answer certain charges of contempt of the Castlemaine presbytery, in refusing to opun letters sent to him by the presbytery clerk. Mr. Galloway made .a very disingenuous defence; and the assembly resolved to suspend him from the office of the ministry sine die, and dissolve his pastoral connexion with Avoca. At an early period of the session a com- mittee was appointed to confer with a com- mittee appointed by the Synod of the Free Presbyterian Church of Victoria, with the view of endenvouring to bring the two churches into unison. The following draft of a proposed declara- tory aot, to guard ogainst the misconstruction of portions of tho basis of the union, was sub- sequently approved by both parties : unlty'or lue iAnij ot j»U.>Jn<nn ¿ha (iutv of a same may without sacrifice of principle Da attained. " And whereas it Is especially to be deslrod that a union should be formed, if possible, betwixt the Free Prosbyterion Ohurch of Vic- toria and this ohurch ; and whereas there is reason to believe that the obstacle to such union consists in certain misunderstandings, to whioh some of the terms employed in the articles of the boals of union of this churoh aro believed by the brethren of the Free Pres- byterian Ohurch of Viotoria to be fairly Hablo, the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Ohurch of Victoria, taking the premises into consideration, and with a view to open the woy for union with the said Free Presby- terian Church of Victoria, resolves to de- clare, and hereby does declaro, that it doeB not understand tho termB of the said Articles of the Basis of Union in the sense or SOUBOS hotoln undernoted. That is to say "First.-That whereas tho following words In Article II. of said basis, to wit, ' a ditfitr ence of opinion In regard to the doctrine» contained in these standards relativo to the power and duty of the civil magistrate ia matters of religion,' have buen supposed hy some to refer to portions of the said subordi- nate standards other than that which treats directly of ' the power and duty of the civil magistrate' in tho matters aforesaid, it is hereby declared that thoy have no such refer- ence ; and, further, that they do not Imply a difference of opinion within this churoh in rogard to the doctrino of Christ's hoadship over the nations, but only as to the modo aud extent of the application of the eaid doctrino to ' the power and duty of the civil magis- trate' as bearing on the provinco of religion. "Second.-That the following words in the said Article II., to wit, ' the liberty of personal conscience, or the right of private judgment,' do not mean anything other than what is generally understood as liberty of conscience. "Third.-That wheroas those words lu Article III., to wit, ' this Synod possesses su- preme jurisdiction over its subordinate judl calorie?, congregations, and people'have been supposed by some to imply the right or au- thority on the part of the said Synod or Gono ral Assembly, or Supreme Court of this Church, which is inconsistent with tho prin- ciples of Presbyterian Ohurch government laid down in tho subordinate standards and formularies reoitcd in Article I., it Is hereby declared that they imply no such right or authority. . " Fourth.-That whereas the following . words in Artiole III,, to wit, « will receivo all mlnlBterB and preaohers from other Presby- terian churches applying for admission on an equal footing,' havo been supposed by some to bind thlB church to admit any or all ministers or preachers from other .churches moroly because thoy apply for such admission, and without satisfactory inquiry into the character and qualifications of suoh appli- cants, it is hereby doclared that they have no-, such binding forco or moaning." On the following dav t'"u Revs. A. M'Voan,. J. Gardiner, and l>. Meiklejohn, with Mussrs. John üunro, Roderick MrLeod, and \V. M. Bell, ministers andeldorsof the Free Churoh, who had accepted tho basis of union, wero Introduced into tho assembly as associated members. ran BAPTIST onnoH. Tho annual meeting of the Baptist Associ- ation of Victoria was held on the evoulng of November 21, In the Baptist Church, Albert street. The Hon. 0, J. Jenner, M.L.O., pro Bided. The proceedings having been opened with devotional exorcisée, Mr. Poola, the sec- retary, road the report, which stated that tho committee had been engaged during the year in assisting and consolidating their churches. From the homo mieslon fund aid had boon rendered to churches at Kew, Tarnagulla, Day- lesford, Beaufort, and Brighton, a'l'ho church at Fortland had assumed a permanont char- acter. The placo of worship had been enlarged to twice ita former Blzo, without any debt being incurred. At Belfast a congregation had been gathered together and a charon formed. Progress wns.being made at Tower- hill, Woodford, Eoioit, and also at Warrnam- bool, where funds wore being collected for the erection of a obapel. District unions had been formed in several places, from the ope- rations of which beneficial results wore an- ticipated. It was cause for regret that it bad been necessary to interfere with the caso of an application for a grant of land from the Government. It was a thing to bo deplored that a few individuals should have striven ta sow the seeds of discord and disunion, especially in reference to a matter of such questionable good. The action taken by the committee hod been approved , by the ministers and delegates. In 'twenty-three churches embraced by the association there bad been an increase of 166 member.-). In 1865 the number waB 1,717; in 1866 it was 1,888. The increase of children in the Sunday - schools exceeded 400, and the augmentation of teachers waS'in proportion. From the treasurer's-statement it appeared that there was a balance in hand of £30 5s. 3d. _ AGRIGULTURAL. The corn market has been in a rather dis- turbed state sinco the arrival of the Septem- ber mails from England. The news of threatened scarcity in Great Britain, and of deficient crops In the continental and European sources of supply, improvod the market here, and there immediately com- menced a 'discussion aa to the practicability of Belling in the British markot the wheat which the approaching harvest promises to supply in excesB of our own requirements. The neighbouring colony of South Australia has usually supplied Victoria with much of its breadstuffs ; bat so propitious has boen the present season both here and there, that while we chall probably have more than we need from our own fields, our neighbours will havo above 100,000 tons of flour, or its equivalent in wheat, for which it must find a foreign market. Indeed, since careful inquiry fixed tho surplus at that quantity, copious rains have Increased the probable yield (in South Australia) to the extent of a buBhel an acre. Here, too, the prospect has steadily improved as the season advanced. And in Tasmania-an exporting country, like South Australia-there are ex- cellent harvest prospects. In spits of thia rich promise of abundance here and in the neighbouring colonies, supplies have conti- nued to pour in from California, Chili, aud Peru, until now our market ia greatly overstocked, and prices would not be maintained BB they are but for the hope entertained that a profitable trade with Great Britain may be inaugurated. At present Adelaide houses are understood to have orders for large shipments of wheat and flour on British account ; and one thing ia certain, that if Australia is to have the honour of supplying the old oountry with flour, it will supply the article of a qua- lity such as British consumers have never known to be excelled. The doubt ia aa to the possibility of selling in the Eoglish market at a price that would remunerate our growers. The cost of transit and incidental expenses will be considerable, and wages and other chargea are ranch higher here than in England ; but we have a fine soil and moat genial climate, and we think there need be no doubt but sooner or later we will be able to produce com profitably for Brltiah consump- tion. This year the experiment 1B likely to be tried under the most favourable circum- stances; and it is felt that an Important stage in the progress of Victorian, and Indeed of Australian agriculture, will have been reached when Buch a trade is fairly esta- blished. Further and more detailed Informa- tion as to the corn market will bo found In our commercial summary. Exceedingly changeable weather has kept the public mind In a condition of continual anxiety on the subject of the crops since the date ot our last summary. Much rain has fallen, and we have had high winda during a great part of the month, whllo rapid and extreme fluctuations in the temperature assailed the growing crops ; but for all that, there is little reason to tear that the hopes inspired by the appearance of our fields some months since will bo disappointed. Every- where there is still promise of the richest abundance, and If the luxuriant crops now whitening in our fields come well through the oi deal ot the threshing mill, the land will not only be filled with plenty, but we shall have corn to spare for the supply of leEB fortunato peoples. The peculiarity of the current season has been that the spiiDg rains havo continued into summer, retarding the ripening of the grain and in- creasing its bulk ; and aa too early ripening ia one of the disadvantages of our agriculture, the present Benson has boen extraordinarily favoured. An open winter, succeeded by a genial spring and moist summer, only re- quires to be supplemented by a dry and breezy autumn to render complete the conditions nicessary to tho highest agricultural success ; and it is only tho last whioh is now In doubt, and the doubt ia quite inconsiderable, because dry and warm weather from the middle of December is all but invariable. From time to timn WA Viuvo Und. j-"íu\jrt-<i/.í»pur- fnrtrsrcCO ana caterpillar havo also been oucountered here and there. But the vigour of the vege- tation haB prevented either peBt from doing permanent injury to the wheat, while the oat crop, though it baa unquestionably suffered, will only bo less abundant than waa at one time expected. The hay haivest, which usually is In full awing by this time of year, has been greatly retarded by the unsettled state of the weather, but the delay only tends to the abundance of the yield. Alroody a good deal of the oat crop has been out for hay, and is being saved as well as the weather will permit, at greater coat of labour than in drier seasons, but without detriment BO far to the quality of the crop, fjome of the crop EO being made into hay waa intended for corn, but being slightly rusted It waa deemed advisable to cut it down, leBt it should get worse. In many instance?, splendid leturns »re reported-often na much as seven tons to the nore. There is alao a conaiderablo acre- age of rye and other Bown grasses being con- verted into hay, with the best results; and this marks the progress we are making in a very important branch of colonial Industry. To thoroughly acclimatise foreign grasses. and to cultivate systematically the aboriginal grasses, will bo attended with the beat result?, as has already been amply proved by expe- rience, and It is gratifying to observe that our farmers ore not slow to follow the good example that has been shown them in this \- matter. Some little damage to the young potato crops has accrued through frost ; but that is na incident of every season. From the Western district the prospects of another abundant yield are most encouraging. Man- golds, wo regret to learn, ore being attacked by the grub ; but the vigour whioh the lato rains muet have imparted to the young plants will probably ennble them to repel tho enemy. The cultivation of this valuablo root bus hitherto been attended with great success In the colony, and ia rapidly extending. Like the cultivation of grass, tua growth of man- golds is evidence ot tho change for tho botter which our agriculture is undergoing, in be- coming more systematic and varied, and in combining the feeding of stock with the growth of coréala, An " agricultural distil- lery," recently erected by on enterprising firm, Mesers. John Levy and Son, baB given an impotua to the production of boot and t mangolds. Thiy manufacture spirits from the roots, leaving the pulp, when deprived of its saccharine, available as an excellent food for oattle. To encourage the production of the raw material of their manufacture, they offer a handsome prize for the best crop of ? beet to be grown this season. Under favour- able circumstances it has been found that our soil and climate are weill adapted to tho raising of these roots. As a novelty in our agricultural history, it may be mentioned that a great number of small holders have been eettled upon the land through the agency of the 42nd section of the Lind Act, on allotments of from ten to eighty acres, and the highly favourablo season baa been of the utmost benefit to them. Very many of this class are already harvesting hay, and have little patches of oats and potatoes coming on that will feed their families and their working animals through the autumn and winter. This experiment in settle- ment, which originated in an interpre- tation of the law of very doubtful legality, promises to piovo successful In giving homes to a very desirable class of Eoldets. For tho information of intending emigrants from Great Britain, we may men- tion that the system is to allow occupation of land adjacent to gold-fields, to the extent of twenty acres, at a rent of £4 a year. Minis- ters extended tho operation of the clause, so at» to permit the same person to ocoupy four adjoining twenty-aero lots at a ront of £10 and it id suppoBod to bo now in contempla- tion to aBk a change in tho law which will admit of land being BO occupied whether near to a gold-field o¿ not. Apart from the legal aspect of the question, such an exten- sion would probably be conducive to the pub lio interest, and wonld certainly operate woll in the interests of new arrivals in the colony , who brought*with thom a little capital and some experience in agricultural affaira. In come early spots, the corn harvest ia about being commenced, and in two or three weeks it will be general all over tho colony. At present the farmers are engaged in prepar- ing for harvest operations, and agricultural blacksmiths and wheelwrights are buey putting the mowors and reapers in order. Apropos of tho harvest, in the agricultural dlstnots the fear Is that there will ba a diffi- culty in obtaining hands enough. From aérerai quarters we have complaints on this subject. Arrangements are,understood to have bjen already made incertain districts to obtain Chinese labour, Chinamen having on several occasions been found highly useful auxiliaries by the harassed farmer when European work-, men werunot to be had, er were too exacting in their demands. We have taken care to -direct the attention of certain inhabitants of this city who have been obtruding upon the public their sorrows BB "unemployed" per- sons, to thiB want of hands in -the farm- ing districts, and the subject is also worthy the attention of home readers. There is no doubt that a certain amount of comfort and abundance is obtainable in our agricultural districts by hard-working men or fsmilits who are content to accept moderate money wages in consideration of the com- forts which a country life puts within their reaob. Heretofore, squatters in sheep-shearing time, and farmers in harveBt time, have relied chiefly upon a class of workmen certainly not the most reputable or deserving of our colo- nial community, namely, those who work only for a few months of the busy season, and loaf about the country during the remainder of the year, as lavish customers to the hush publican while their money lasts, and as vagrant swagsmen during the many months that have to pass before the next ehearing bringa their services into requisition. There is room for a much better class of men. Between Bheep- shearing, hay making, and harvesting profitable employment is obtain- able during nearly half the year, and be- tween whiles, what with fencing and other station-work, a job might always be had by an industrious man. Or he might have a croft of land to grow potatoes, and keep a cow or two, and in cultivating that he could fill up his spare time, while it would afford a safe, comfortable, and respectable home for his wife and children during his spells of absence on station or farm. From tho Western dis- trict we hear that small farmers and their SODS have this season been working upon tho stations as shearers, thus earning something i handsome with which to carry on fature im- provements, while their crops are growing. Although there are some farm workmen here as skilled and export as any thatrare to be found in the old country, they ore not in such numbera as the country requires, and men of this class oomlng here with reasonable expectations are sure to better their con 1 dition. , Some months since we took notice of the growing disposition on the part of the cattle breeders of New South Wales to improve their herds by the introduotion of some of our highly-bred bulls. At tho time wo speak of, two fine young bulls, bred by Mr. R. M'Dougall, of Essendon, took their departure for stutiona on the Murrumbidgee. Re- cently five others, from the same herd, were placed in trucks for Echuca, destined for the Rivtr Lachlan, for the etatlon belonging to Mesare. O'sullivan. Both lots of bulla are of the Booth strain, though not by the same sire-the former two being by the Master of Athelstane, while the five which started yea terdoy claim the Prince of the Purple as their sire. Some yearlings by the latter were exhi- bited at the last show held by the Port Phillip Farmers' Society, and much admired. These infuBions of new blood have been at- tended with the best results in Australian stock management. Sometimes a district has been known to send down to the metropolitan market only the moBt inferior kind of beef scrubbers, that carried no weight of meat, or misshapen beasts out of which it was im- possible to get a symmetrical joint. But a judicious purchase of young shorthorn bulls of good strain has wrought a wonderful change within a few years, and a very poor brand of cattle has been known to rise Into high favour through the expenditure of a few hundreds of poundB in this way. The agitation in favour or protection to the former has already been frequently referred to in our monthly reports. It cannot be said that thiB ever took any strong hold of the agricultural mind. Tho farmers as a olass are too reasonable to expect any such thing, and too sensible to rely upon it. The agitation was instigated by political schemers, and has only partially misled the agricultural class. The present condition of the move- ment is that a petition to the Chief Secretary is being signed, praying that for certain rea- sons given hotthe Chief Secretary), "ashead of the Administration, will impoBO a reason- able duty on all Importations of grain and flour." It seems strange that, with the very important business of socuring an abundant harvest before them, the iarmew should give their attention to such a matter as this. Of what use would an import duty be when we aie exporting instead of importing corn ? "During the month wo have had nearly the last of the sprlDg agricultural shows, mostly district exhibitions 2f °°..2^&"lMfw\ ana* fhose "of Kilmore and Kynetou, were well attended, and brought forward much valu- able stock, and produce as good as could be seen anywhere. The Boura of Agriculture, a kind of quasi department of Government, supported by the Btate, and charged with the care of agricul- tural interests, has offered a small money Erize for an efsay on Victorian agriculture ; ut it is feared that, though probably the board means well, it is not likely to effect much by such means. THE VOLUNTEERS. On tho 9th November the Victorian Volun- teers wero reviewed on tho Melbourne race- course by the Governor, and General Carey, the commander in-chief. The evolutions and the general has since highly complimen- ted the force on their efficiency-comprised a lengthened plan of attack by land and river. A pontoon bridge WBB built by the Engineers, within thirty minutes, and several torpedoes wero exploded In the Salt Water River. Tho boat service was efficiently ma- naged. Tho cavalry made their first appear- ance OB horse- artillery, and behaved very well. The force was the largest yet gathered together in Victoiia, as the following table will show : PARADE SlATK OP TUB FOnCB PltBSfM AT TUB RBVIBW. Hoad quartern Stall and Band Naval Brigade Willlamstotwi .. Stndrldgo ., Victoria Naval Training Ship Volunteer Light Hone Metropolitan troop .. Geelong troop Bacchus Marah troop Kjnoton troop .. Castlemaine troop ,, Sandhurit troop .. Voluntoor ArlHlory East ilolbourno Williamstown Emerald-kill ,*. St. Klld. 1st Goolong ,. 2nd Geolong and Queenscliff Brighton Metropolitan.. Engineers Voluntoor Bilka Melbourne fe N. Molbourno. Carlton .. .. Collingwood .. East Collingwood ., Richmond .. ,. Southern Pentridge lit Ballarat ,. 2nd Ballarat 8rd Ballarat .. Bendigo .. .. lht Castlemaine O..A .i" (Maldon .. 2uddo. .! Kyll0ton.. Voluntoor Stall not ottachod to corpa Total 124 107 SO 27 25 22 21 27 20 115 l18 100 121 138 121 77 120 102 141 160 127 101 77 111 130 125 100 107 100 123 70 70 120 1105 l2781|104 (3170 Practice for the forthcoming intercolonial rifle matones is going on fast, and it is not impossible that the Victorian riflemen may get a victory. Out of four competitions, Vic- toria has been beaten three timos by New South Wales. THE INTERCOLONIAL MAT01I. One moro step to the final selection of the ten who are to do battle for Victoria against the champions of New South Wales was taken yesterday, when eight out of the team were finally oboson by the council of the V.K A, viz, M'Olure, Carlton Blues; Fawcett, Carlton Rifles ; Lacey, St. Kilda Artillery ; Mumby, Ballarat Rangers i M'Naughten, St. Kilda Artillery; Lieutenant Walker. St. Kilda Artillery ; Johnson, Emerald-hill Ar- tillery ; and Lieut. Templeton, Collingwood Rifles. Wo havo given the namos in the order of merit on the last series of trials. No one of these bas averaged throughout all weathers leBB than a centre a shot. It IB re- quested that all others who have been selected will keep in practice for the final filling np of the two remaining places, which will be made after the email-bore meeting of the V R.A. is over. We understand that all our Sydnoy vlslters, and four or five from South Australia, bave entered for these matches, so that something like a line to the probable result of the great contest may be obtained beforehand. On Monday and Tuea ¡ day next, the d ays of this small bore shooting, there will be also pool shooting at 200 and 500 yardi1, for practice for those engaged in the matches, but large bores will also be admitted at half entry. We understand that Hla Ex- cellency the Governor has signified hla inten- tion of being present at the friendly dinner at -which it is proposed to entertain, on Friday next, those with whom we are to do hattlo, fortunately not deadly combat, in the follow- ing week. SPORTING. The spring racing season commenced in earnest on the 1st of tho present month. His Excellency the Governor was prê- tent on the first and third days, with a large attendance on the part of the public, and there was sport of quantity and quality, mado up, or assisted moBt materially, by the competition of horseB bred In New South Wales and South Australia with our own. Tho Queen's Plate, the most exciting race of the meeting, and one of the finest ever seen on the course, waa contested only by three horaes bred in New South Walea and one bred ia South Australia, the last-named the winner -Smuggler, by Fisherman. A Sydney coll, the Barb, by Sir HerouleB, carrying 6st. 7lb" which ia moro than hia weight for age, won the Melbourne Cap, boat- ing all our horses, some of them " turned loose" for the occasion, The specula- tive event, however, brought out a very largo field-the largest that ever started for a race in Australia ; but no more than five horses could be said to have been in the race from the time the flag dropped. The Barb, however, had on the third day of the meeting to Buccumb to one of Fisherman's two-year old fillies, ber dam Gildormtre, imported by Mr. Hurtle FiBher ; in this event the young one carried 111b. overweight, and won easily -the distance a mile. The Maribyrnong stable and the Fisherman stud, now the property of Mr. CB. Fisher, won easily the Derby and the Oaks, both with Seagull, by Fisherman Omen, imported mare, by Melbourne. Sour Grapes also won the Ascot Vale Stakes for two year olds, and Smuggler, in the same stable, won tho Corinthian Cap, besides beating the Sydney ohamplon, Vo lunteer.ln the Queen's Plate; and Mr.Flsher's Syren carried off the Maiden Plate; in ali, £1,265 in specie, beeidoB the Queen's Plato ot 200 guineas, and the Corinthian Cup went to Maribyrnong. Mr. John Tait (New South Wales) received £1,220 in specie, and in plats the Melbourne Cup, value £100 ; having won the race for the latter with the Barb, besides the Royal Park Stakes with Volunteer, and the Free Handicap with Faloon. Mr. L. L. Smith took £597 for the Darling Stakes, the Spring Handicap, and the V. R. C. Handicap; this amount aleo included second money for other races. Mr. G. Watson's steeplechase prize, won by his useful, clever horse Banker, after a capital chase, amounted to £294. Altogether, the stakes paid to the winners and the stakes returned to the owners of the horses that ran in eecond place amounted to £3,780. Ballarat Races take place on the last three days of the present week; Bendigo Races lu the beginning of next month ; and on the let January, the Grand Intercolonial Cham- pion Race will bo the great event of the day. Geelong Regatta will take place on Friday week, when about £200 will bo given in prizes. The annual regatta at Sale comes off on Friday next. It does not appear that any stepB have been yet taken in getting up a spring regatta in Melbourne. Cricket has not this season appeared to be followed with so much enthslasm as formerly. Preparatlona for repeating the victory of last year over the Sydney players in the Inter- colonial match next month are scarcely so forward as could be wished. The match com- mittee have published the following list, from whom the Victorian Eleven will in all pro- bability be chosen : - Bennett, Oampboli, Conway. Cameron, Oosstiok, Greaves, Gibson, Horan, Fowler, Kelly. Mortimer, M'PuersoD, Phillips. Turner, R, W. Wardill, B. Wardlll, and Wilkie. Notwithstanding the charming weather on Saturday, there was but a moderate attend- ance at the Melbourne Cricket-ground to witness (he conclusion of the match batween the County of Bourke and the Melbourne Cricket Club, when the latter were defeated with 60 runs to spare, This is the most signal defeat that the club has ever sustained at the hands-of the County of Bourke. Bowling on the grounds of the Melbourne ile greens and the fine weather induced a large attendance on Saturday. Mr. James Wilson, president of the club, haa presented a pair of silver-mounted bowie, and the vice president, Dr. A. M'Donald, a gold medal, to bo played for by handicap matches of forty one up. It has become the fashion in Melbourne to hold meetings for the purpose of matches at roan fig, walking, jumping, and throwing a cricket ball, the competitors being amateurs, and the whole more or lest under the auspices of the Melbourne Cricket Club, on whose ground the event takes place. One of these amateur displays came off on tho 10th inBt., and the principal event, tho Challenge Cup, for flat racing, at 100 yards, a quarter of a mile, and half a milo, which haa to be kept for three years, and which waa won laat year by Mr. H. O. A. Harrlaon, waa again awarded to him. after a display which once more made good his position at the head of Victorian roxmere. On Saturday, the 17th inst, a pedestrian, called "the Tarrengower Novice,"completed a feat at the Red House, Northcote, which he had undertaken to perform for a wager of £100. Ho started on Friday afternoon at four o'clock to walk 100 miles within twenty four hours. He accomplished the task In twenty-three houw, thirty-eight minutes, or twenty-two mlnutea less than tho stipulated time. MR. CARDWELL'S LAST DESPATCH. The following is Mr. Cardwell'a last de spatoh to His Excellency Sir Henry Manners Sutton : " Downing-stroot, Juno 25,1866. "Sir,-I have the honour to acknowledge to you the despatches of Sir O. Darling noted in the margin. It is unnecessary for me to continue a discueslon whioh, I think, waa already exhausted, upon a subject on which the decisions of Her Majesty's Government have been fully expressed. I do not anticipate that any further questions will arise in Vic- toria respecting the levyiDgofCaatomB dutleB, or the borrowing or expenditure of public money without Hie sanction of the Legislature; bat if such nutations should unfortunately arise, you will guide your conduct by the instruc- tions conveyed in my former despatches, and will take caro that the law of the colony Is not broken by the representative of the Crown, " It is open to Sir O. Darling, in hla personal capacity, to make any statement which he considers to be well-founded, and ia desirous to bring forward ; or, if ho wished fo do so, he might as Governor have addressed Her Majesty's Government on the subject of the decision at which they had arrived In his case. But I do not think it was consistent with his duty, while still holding the Queen's commission as Governor, to addresa to the Executive Council of Victoria the official minuto enclosed in his despatch of the 18th of April, protesting against the decision of the Government which ho had not yet ceased to serve. ' I notice this to you, lest by silence I might seem to sanction an objectionable precedent. "I havo, &o;" (8igned) "EDWAIID CABDWELL." ' THE COLIBAN WATERWOKS. What IB known as tho Coliban scheme waa first a plan for diverting the stream of tho Coliban BO as to supply water to the adjacent diggings, and as it developed itself in the minds of those attending to tho subject it gradually included the establishment of reservoirs, to be filled by the unitod streams of the Coliban and Loddon, and the supply of water for mining and domostio purposea to Sandhurst, Castlemaine, and, if pot-Bible, the smrounding diggings, on a scalo that Bhould render largely profitablo mining on ground long since abandoned becnuso washing oould not be continued duting many consecutive months. Numerous were the claims made by different persons to havo the honour and profit of designing and initiating it. Somo carne from those possessed of talent and engineering know- ledge, and Borne from others having little more than courage and a soit of mad expectation that water could be made to run up hill. At last, after years of agitation, the Government wero indnced to move in the mattor. Scien- tific inquiry proved that the mean botwooa the schemes of Mr. Wardell and Mr. Brady waa that which promised best, and finally the present plan was hit upon. What la Bought now ia, first to establish a good head of water, which should'be equal to summer < demands, and,advantage has been taken of i convenient ground to design two enormous reservoirs, together half as large again i as the Yan Yean. The works begin i at the junction of the Little Coliban River with the . Coliban itself, and here is to be an inland lake calculated to hold about 8,000,000,000 gallons. Thence the waters are to follow the course of the rlvor about a dozen' miles to reservoir No. 2 at Malms- bury, passing through the Coliban aud Lau- riston diggings. This second lake is calcu- lated to hold about 4,000,000,000 gallons, and the waters are to flow thence to about three miles off, where they pass through a tunnel, known as tunnel No. 1. This tunnel is through a basoltio-hlll, over which pasBeB the railway ; and it is to be S50 yards long. From its lower end an open aqueduct is carried on some distance to the valley of the Back Oreek, and, to save the enormous expense of bridg- ing, a huge tube is to follow the dip of the valley, and thus perform'more or lees the office of a syphon. It is to this that the ironwork, imported at a prodigious coBt Bome years since for the purposes of Melbourne drainage, Is to be applied, and the length of the syphon will be thirty-five chains, or 2,310 feet. From Back Creek the waters aro curried along an open aqut duct for ten miles to Elphinstone, passing right through that township, thenoe under the Mount Alexander-road aud the railway, a little above the Church of England reserve. The next direction it assumes is towards Forest Creek, and after going three miles, it passes through the longest tunnel known in the whole work. This last is a pro- digious affair, for it will be 900 yards, or more than half a mile, In length. At this point the waters divide-one branch, going towards Sandhurst, by way of the watershed of the Campaspe, and the other towards Castle- maine, on the watershed of the Loddon. The Castlemaine distribution, whioh for the present assumes the chief importance, is nrovided for thus :-Leaving the mouth of tunnel No. 2, a race turns to the left, to supply Chewton, Campbell's Creek, Gorman Gully, Spring Gully, Crocodile Gully, Fryer's Greek, Pennyweight flat, &c.; Another branch, taking the course to the right, divides itself at the end of four miles Into two races -one supplying Harcourt and the west side, and the other the eaBtern side of Barker's Creek, Moonlight-flat, &c.; The works re- quired for all this are a service reservoir, hold- ing 600.000,000 gallons at Barker's Oreek, beyond Harcourt ; one at Spring Gully, hold- ing about 100,000,000 gallons; and a vory Email reservoir at Brodie's-flat. In addition, there is to be a branch for a domestic water supply for Castlemaine, including a reservoir at Expedition Fas?, at the head of Forest Creek, containing about 120,000,000 gallons, from whence service-pipes will supply Chew- ton, Castlemaine, Forest Oreek, and Camp- bell's Creek. The works now actually in progress, or shortly to bo taken ia hand, are these. The contract for the first reser- voir, at the Little Coliban, is not yet taken up, but will probably be offered for tender at the beginning of the next year ; next comes the chief work at present undertaken, viz., the construction of a dam across the River Coliban, an outlet-tunnel through which the water eau pass out of the reser- voir, a by- wash, and various other works of excavation, &c;" for the completion of what is known as the Malmsbury reservoir. The contract price is about £02,000, and the work, whioh was taken np by Messrs. Greenwood and James in June last, has to he completed by the 31st of August next. AlODg the line of the aqueduct the next work is the formation of half a mile of aqueduct near Malmsbury. It is being done very successfully by day labour, and the object ia to test the nature of the ground, so that the best means may be adopted to make the sides and bottom of the canal sufficiently retentive. Three miles from Malmsbury is the No. 1 tunnel, the contract for which has been let to Messrs. Monie and Robertson, for about £10,600. It was taken up in June, and is to be completed in May next. The Bjphon work is unlet, the single contract in connexion therewith being u trifling one for the carriage of the ironwork from Melbourne. The only other part of the whole Castlemaine distribution being done is No. 2 tunnel, which ÎB to penetrate the dividing range of the Loddon and Campaspe, connect- ing the watersheds of the two, and half a mile of aqueduct. The tunnel is contracted for by Mr. Porter for ¡624,000, and tho half mile of aqueduct is carried on by day-labour. The last is only done to test the qualities of the granite drift through which it passes. A contract, not yet begun to be carried out, is taken for about £00U, for building a superin- tendent's offices and quarters at Malmsbury, and it is probable tiiat the work, at the mun win oe put up to tender shortly. The entire of the Castlemaine distribution, as wol OB of the works from the Little Coliban to the mouth of tunnel No. 2, is under the control of Mr. R. H. Shakespear, district engineer, among the .ablest of whoso assis- tants is Mr. J. Woods, at one time M.L.A. for Crowlands. Of the Sandhurst distribution, which is under the control of Mr. Mouline, resident engineer, the only works at present let are the Spring Gully reservoir, to hold 100,000,000 gallons, for £9,000, and a tunnel 220 yards long, through a granite hill twelve miles below the junction with the Castle- maine distribution. Tenders for another long tunnel aro expected to be called for soon. Messrs. Monie and Robertson's and Mr. Porter's tunnel contracts are progressing fairly. At the former, the cutting at the mouth is nearly completed, as also Is the centre shaft. The tunnel itself Is driven and brick- lined for an appreciable portion of the distance. Mr. Porter s men only commenced stripping the ground at the mouth of the cut- ting a fortnight since. A depth of not much more than four feet has been cut. The work- ing Ehafts are also commenced. This tunnel was the work last taken up. Since the above was written tenders have been conditionally accepted for £99,914 worth of moro works In connexion with the water supply scheme. They include the purchase of 7,010 tons of water pipeB, valveB, Btop cocks, &c.; The successful tenderers are for a tunnel on the Uno of aqueduct at Prestonvale, between Elphinstone and Sandhurst, Mr. O'Keefe, £21,058; for the Bupply of 7,010 tons of water pipes, &c;" Messrs. Bright Brothers, £00,892 ; and another tunnel between Elphin- stone and Sandhurst, eighteen miles from the former locality, Messrs. Simmie and Fraser, £11,126 19s. A final decision on the trotter will not be made before Wednesday next. WILLIAMSTOWN GRAVING DOOK. The necessity which exists for dock accom- modation in Victoria is acknowledged by the publio in general, who are folly allvo to the inconvenience and loss to which ships visiting this port are now subject. It is generally admitted that this want Is becom- ing more and more seriously felt every day, partly owing to the number of foreign vessels visiting our port, and partly to the rapid substitution of iron ships for wooden ones, it being well known that the latter require less frequent docking than the former. It is nearly twelve years since the question was first discussed, and one of the consequences of the agitation, re- newed from time to time, was the erection of the Government Patent Slip at Williams- town, which was a step in the right direction. But useful and admirably adaptod as the slip was to vessels of a certain class, it was not equal to the requirements of the port. When finished it was discovered that the slip would only accommodate vessels of 2,000 tonB at the outside, which was not sufficient. It was contended that vessels from 3,000 to 4,000 tons would bo frequent visitors to Hob son's Bay, and so long as we were unprepared to execute such repairs as they might demand the colony would suffer loss, through not being in a proper position to compete successfully with the neighbouring colony of New South Walop, while at the same time merchants and shipowners would also experience loss end inconvenience thereby. For those roa Eons it WBB agreed, almost unanimously, that a gravlngdock should bo constructed In Hobson's Bay, capable of receiving vessels of 3,500 tons at the least, and to be made BO that It might at any time receive such enlarge- ment as would render It sultablo for ships of the largest tonnage entering the bay. But a work of this magnitude could not he easily accomplished. To say nothing of the im- mense amount of labour required, it would involve an outlay of more than £100,000, aud the question aroee as to how the money could be got. Doubts were entertained also as to whether the income to be derived would justify the outlay. Another difficulty pre- sented itself in regard to a Bite, conflicting local interests tending in no small degree to embarrass the promoters of the scheme. On tho other hand, it was alleged that had we such a dock here the Peninsular and Oriental Company would make this port their head- quarters for the Australian station, and in the event of their doing so the port would be benefited hy the outlay of something like £12,000 a year (that being the sum spent annually by the company in Sydney), of which £4 000 or £5,000 would go to the dock, and this alone would be intereat at the rate of four or five per cent, upon the outlay. After a long delay, the Government decided upon commencing a dock at Williamstown, between the railway pier and the patent-slip, that being deemed the most eligible spot, both on account of Its sheltered position and from the fact of a moro solid foundation being obtain- able there than in any other place on the | shores of Hobson's Bay. It waa alao decided to make the work a yearly progressive one, and accordingly a sum of money for the first con. tract was placed upon the Estimates, and afterwards voted. Tenders were accordingly called for making the requisite excavation and constructing the masonry of the innermost part oi the dook, when the tender of Messrs. Glalster and Co., for £23,350, was accepted. Messrs. Glalster and Co. haviDg fulfilled their engagement, the Government, with a view of proceeding with the work with all possible despatch, Immediately advertised for tenders for carry- ing out the second section, whioh is about 180 feet In extent. This Mr. Leggett under took to perform for £48,997 ; and after he has completed his agreement, rather more than, one-half the entire work will have been done. The dock will be ninety-four feet wide at the top and fifty feet at the bottom, and there will be a clear opening of seventy-five feet between the entronce plew. It will be capable of taking in vessels drawing twenty-five feet at least, and will consequently be the largest work of the kind in the Australian colonies, for the finest dock in Sydney, viz., the Cocka- too Dock, will only admit vessels of twenty one feet draught of water, and has not a greater space than sixty feet between the entrance piers. The statements which have lately been made, to the effect that a large portion of the graving deck will have to bo token up, are, we believe, without foundation, and doubtless arose from the following clrcuraatancoa :-The original plan, aa prepared by Mr. W. Wardell, the inspector-general of public works, speci- fied that there should be twenty-two feet of water on the sill at ordinary high water, but on the completion of the first contract it was deemed necessary, owing to the construction by the Imperial Govern- ment of iron-clad shipa of much greater draught of water than auy previously exist inrr, and from the certainty (only then ascer- tained) of Buch veseola beiog able to visit these waters, to increase the depth on the sill to twenty-seven feet at high water, and the plan was altered accordingly. The second con- tract, therefore, provided for the additional depth at which the dock will now be carried out. The total length ia, as heretofore, in- tended to be about 450 feet ; and thoroughly practical men aro of opinion that there will be no necessity for altering any part that ia already done, although they admit that the appearance of the work might ba improved by so doing. The increase of tho depth was, perhaps, a wise precaution, for although it is not very probable that the dock will for some time to come be used to repair a vessel drawing twenty-five feet, yet if such a one should come in here for dock accommoda- tion it would be rather awkward If we had none to afford her. That portion of the work which Is already completed appears to havo been executed in a satisfactory manner. There can be no doubt of tho great useful- ness of this valuable work; or, what concerns us still more nearly, of its exerciaing a moat beneficial influence upon the port of Mel- bourne. Wo may look forward to the day when the first ship will bB hauled Into the dock with pleasing expectation. A new era will then have commenced in regard to the trade and shipping of Hobson'a Bay. THE THEATRES. The three theatrea in Melbourne have been in full operation during the month. Lyster's Opera Company has occupied the boardsof the Royal, and the Haymarket and the PrincesB's hove been devoted to burlesque, extravaganza, and the lighter class of domestic dramas. Mr. Lyster has not met with the success he antici- pated. A solution of the circumstance is not difficult. It Bhould be borne in mind that this city has been rather overweighted with entertainments. The visits of the opera troupe had indeed become too frequent to sccuro tho large amount of support which waa given when the performance of the lyrio drama was com- paratively novel and fresh hero. Then there has been the competition of two theatres and e>f the other ordinary places of amusement; and to«.rwi\mn, -\Jl ¿uW'ïutebuïom,,The counter Mr. Lyster has signalised his last season by presenting Meyerbeer's " Roberto ii Diavolo," on a scale of rare perfection, rendering it the completest operatic production ever sub- mitted to the Melbourne public It had a considerable run ; and there ia no doubt that it would have met with far greater success, in a pecuniary Bense, if it had been sung in English instead of Italian. A combination of circumstances, including the intended departure of Mr. Squires, the chief tenor, and Madame Luoy Escott, the prima donna, for California, determined Mr. Lyster to disband the troupB which for BÍX years has itinerated the Australasian colonies, and gratified the lovers of music in not fewer than forty operas. The enterprising manager had a splendid benefit on tho night of tho 20th. In compliance with an enthu- siastic demand, Mr. Lyster came forward and observed that ho "echoed the sentiments of every member of his compauy when he said that it was with the greatest regret they had to say farewell, after nearly six years in Victoria. He had had bael sea- sons, but he was happy to say that the sum total was very much in his favour. (Applause ) He had succeeded in bringing out nearly forty of the finest operas ever composed, both modern and ancient. He had taken London as his pattern, aud what had been successful tbeie ho had striven his best to produce here. Whenever he found that he could not get the artists adapted for a work which had become popular in England, heShad waited till he got thom, and he could avow this much, that he had never in any instance re- fused to engago any artist of merit that had arrived in thia country during bia stay. He was glad to say that he was on moat friendly terma with his company. It waa generally supposed that, though hormonioua on the stage, such companies were inhar- monious off it, but it was not so in this case. His company had invariably done their best for him, and ho had invariably paid them for their services. (Applause.) Every one would agree with him in saying, that, considering the resources of the place, opera had been produced hero 09 well aa could be expected." (Applause.) On the 23rd, Mr. Squires had a valedictory benefit, which waa In every woy worthy of the occasion. On the fol- lowing night a magnificent ovation was paid to Madame Lucy Escott, on the occasion of her farewell appearance on tbo Melbourne boarda. The house was liter- ally crammed in every part. The opera of "Roberto ii Diavolo," and tho exquisitely amusing and grotesque operatic-extravaganza of " Pocahontas," constituted the entertain- ment. The reception given to the bénéficiaire was overwhelminginits cordiality and enthusiasm, and everybody in the vast assemblage seemed to be vlelng to make memorable the part- ing compliment to one who had so often charmed them by her eminent talents aa an actress, and by the witchery of imperishable song. On the termination of the first piece the audience testified their respoot for Madame Escott by vehement calls for her, and her appearance before the cur- tain WOB the signal for a renewal of the cheering and the descent of a shower of bou- quets. Dr. Tracy stepped upon the stage, and in suitable terms presented her, on behalf of a fe w of the Melbourne admirers of her pro- fessional worth, with an elegant diamond bracelet of the value of £240. In reply, Madame Escott Enid,-" My feelings agitato me so greatly that I cannot find words pro Eerly to return thanks to the gentlemen who ave so generously beBtowed upon me this splendid testimonial, I shall ever cherish it aB a token of their appreciation, and when in after years, in other clImeB. I gaze upon it, I shall envy her who wins your smiles and applause, and hope that there are those among yon who will sometimes think of me. I cannot tell you all how sorry I am to part from you. I came here to spend sis months, and the six months have extended to six years-aix happy years-with nothing to mar, nothing to causo regret. (Cheers.] In no place have I sung with moro pleasure more feeling, more enthusiasm. Your boartj sympathy and intelligent applause have ever made me anxious to be worthy of you. If al some future time I come again, it will be to call this people my people, anc this country my home. Again I return mj thanks for thiB magnificent testimonial; te you, ladies and gentlemen, for your presence and support; and I gratefully bid you al farewell." (Much cheering, during wbici Madame Escott withdrew.) On the 22nd inst. a young lady namoc Mademoiselle St. Denis, a pupil of Mr Hoskins, made an experimental appearance at the Theatre Royal, as Constance, in the "Love Chase." Her performance, thougl necessarily somewhat crnde, showed that sho posseseeB talents which, with maturo cultiva- ' tion, will render'hor an acceptable acquisition to the colonial Btage, not'in the'higbo'ät his- trionic walks, but as a soubrette actress. On Saturday night Miss Aitken, the Scottish tragedienne (who has latterly been devoting herself to the giving of elocutionary enter- tainments), commenced a fortnight's engage- ment. She appeared as Jessie Brown in The Relief of Lucknow." Mr. Coppin's management of the Hay- market Theatro has been attended with a considerable amount of success. The season opened with the play of the "Rivals," in whioh Mr. Coppin, Mr. Rogers (an old Mel- bourne favourite), and other artiats of less note, performed. Miss Julia Mathows, the accomplished vocalist and burlesque actress, has appeared each night since to well-filled houses, her engagement terminating on Saturday last. In addition to domestic and musical dramas, there have been produced "Aladdin, the Wonderful Scamp," "Paris," end "Cinderella." Last night "Milky White" was played, the leading part by Mr. Coppin. Mr. H. Leslie, "the any oder man of the Ohriety's Minstrels, appears for a few nights during the present week, prior to hiB departure for London. Miss Rose Edouin, a favourite actress in Mel- bourne, who it was thought had permanently retired from the stage, will shortly resumo her old profession by performing in "Armu- na-Pogue," at this theatre. The burlesque of "Ixion," after a run of seven weeks-a thing unexampled in this city-was withdrawn from the boards of tho Princess's Theatre about the middle of the month. It was succeeded by the elegant extravaganza of " Princess Springtime," which has drawn fair bouses. The other pieces consisted of comic and domestic dramas and farces. Active preparations are now being made at this ana the other two theatres for the Christmas pantomimes. The Gourlay Family, with their attractive Scotch ontertainmont, after a successful sea- son at the Polytechnic hall, have left the metropolis for a country tour. During the month there have been several entertainments by amateuis for charitable purpoEes. NEW ZEALAND. Since the despatch of the last mail, intelli- gence has been received of more than one engagement between the volunteer forces and the native rebels. The first encounter was betwocn a small party of volunteers, uuder Major Fraser, and about an equal number of the enemy. The Hau Haus fought with courage, but twelve of their number having been killed in less than five minutes, the rest fled, leaving tho field in possession of their antagonists. The chief Te Rangihlroa was amongst the killed, and five natives wore taken prisoners. Of the volunteers only one man was wounded. A few days later a severe engagement took place at Ketemarai, near Wanganui, between the rebels and the colo- nial force under Major M'Donnell. Tho major's troops weTe at first repulsed, but being reinforced the next day," they attacked and carried the rebel pa, killing seven na- tives and taking twenty-five prisoners. On the following night a second expedition Btarted to make another attack. One body of men was led by Captain M'Donnell, who, when advancing, came suddenly upon two sentries who discharged their pieces, and the contents of one of them entered Captain M'Donneirs groin, shattering the thigh bone. On the fall of their loader the men retreated, carrying him off with them, and the object for which the expedition started was abandoned. Captain M'Donnell, though thought to be mortally wounded, has recovered. The Wanganui Times has the following observations with reference to the state of affairs at Ketemarai, and the Governor's visit to Patea:-" We believe that His Excellency left Patea on Saturday night, with the full determination of putting an end to rebellion in those districts by carrying out a short, sharp, and decisive campaign againBt the rebels. On his arrival at Patea, he found that the rebels at Katemaral were In force, and, instead of that submission which was tendered some time ago, they determined to fight it out. This places His Excellency in a position from which there is no retreating. We do believe that in such an omargonoy, and with the recent occurrences at nawke's Bay before him, he will not flinch from the per- formance of a duty which he owes to himself and the colony. We are in hourly expecta- tion of a despatch, and until its arrival refrain from further speculation." In connexion with tbe war news_it may^be mentioned that Zealand Chief, is reported to be dangerously ill. A physician who was sent for from Auck- land to attend him reports him to bo In a very precarious state. Turning to matters political, it may be noticed that some changes have been made in the new tariff. Iron and Bait are to be ad- mitted free, and bottled beor Is to pay la, 3d. per gallon. Silk manufactures are to be charged at the rate of 5s. per cubic foot. An interesting item of news ia the discovery of platinum on tbe ¡Bland. Dr. Hector, the geologist, states that this mineral exists in considerable quantities amongst the iron sand on the sea coast of Southland, and in which sand also gold is obtained. Platinum, in its pure state, Is worth 34s. per ounce ; but this, containing aa it does twelve to fourteen percent, of iron, is valued at 27s. 2d., not de- ducting the coBt of manufacturing it into a pure form, which will, reduce its value to about 21s. an ounce. THE ENGLISH MAIL SERVICE. The following letters from Mr. M Culloch, the Chief Secretary of Victoria, to the Colo- nial Secretary of New South Wales, and to the Colonial Secretary of New Zealand, are of interest at the present time, when the question of adopting a general route by which the mails from all the Australian colo- nies con be conveyed is being agitated: THOM IIB. M'CULLOCH TO THE COLONIAL SECRE- TARY, SYDNEY. "Chief.Secretary's Office. Melbourne, October 10,1860. " Sir,-Adverting to the correspondence that has taken place respecting steam postal communication by the Suez and Panama route?, I have the honour to inform you, by direction of His Excellency Sir J. H. T. Manners Sutton, that this Government, having attentively considered the subject, are most desirous that such arrangements should be entered into by the colonies interested in the question as will place the service on a permanent and equitable footing. " It appears to I he Cabinet of Victoria that, as a postal service for tho whole of the Aus- tralian colonies, there cannot be a question that the line via Point de Galle ia, and must always remain, superior to that via Panama, and that it is hardly necessary, in confirma- tion of this view, to point to the recent per- formances of tho steamers employed on tue respective routes. "The nowa of the Bombay with the Augu8t maila via Suez having arrived at Adelaide, was received yesterday almost simultaneously with the news of arrival of the Raahine at Sydney, with the August malls via Panama. " By the former vessel telegraphic intelli- gence of European affairs up to the 11th September came to hand in thirty days, and her mails of the 26th August will be delivered this day in Melbourne, and not later than the 13th inst. in Sydney ; the latter vessel, it is believed, brought out mails only to the 2nd August. "No doubt, the example giveu byway of illustration presents what maybe exceptional features, and a similar combination of cir- cumstances may not arise again ; but it must, it ia thought, bo admitted that the voyages made by both lines rince the Panama contract first commenced, exhibit in a striking manner the advantages both to New South Wales and Victoria of the old over the new service. "Holding these VÍOWB, the Victorian Go- vernment, although animated by the desire of dealing with the question in a spirit of concession, would not feel justified In recom- mending that this colony should contribute towards the maintenance of the Panama service, which would be of comparatively small benefit to the colonists, on the same Íirinciple as the paymonta are now made in iquldation of the colonial moiety of the sub- sidy to the Peninsular and Oriental Company. "In connexion with this branch of the subject it must be boroo in mind that by recent action on the part of your Government and that of South Australia, in giving notice of intention to withdraw from participation in the existing contract with the Peninsular and Oriental Company, nearly the whole burthen of the colonial moiety of the subsidy will ultimately fall on Victoria; and that, as a consequence, the mails of those colonies for transmission by the Point de Galle BteamerB will be on the same footing aa the Victorian mails aro now with respect to the Panama boats. " Thia would be a most undesirable state of things, of which the public both in New South Wales and Victoria would have just cause of complaint, and would, it is to bs feared, lead to means being employed in Syd- ney and Melbourne,-by-which any extra postage imposed by the respective colonies would be evaded. " It is, however, hoped that the résolution arrived at in respect to the withdrawal of New South Wales and South Australia from what appears to bo tho best arrangement for the transmission of the Indian and European mails, will bo rescinded. - " In this event I may state that, with the ' view to maintain friendly relations (upon which the success and value of the postal service mainly depend) in regard to the ocean mail service, this Government will be pre- pared to consider, in a fair and impartial manner, any proposal from the Government of New South Wales for the payment by Vic- toria of a fixed sum per annum, for the privi- lege of forwarding and receiving the mails of this colony by the Panama steamers sailing from Sjdney and Wellington (New Zea- land). (Signed) " JAS. M'OULLOOH." FEOU MB. M'OULLOOH TO THE COLONIAL SEOB.B TAItY, WELLINGTON. " Ohief Secretary's Office, Melbourne, October l8.1866. " Sir,-I have the honour, by direction of His Excellency the Hon. Sir J. H. T. Manners Sutton, to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 13th August last, en- closing copy of letter addressed by you to the Colonial Secretary of New South Wains, on the subject of the Panama steam postal ser- vice, in which you reior to tho Impoitauce of some understanding being arrived at as to the proportion of the subsidy to be contri- buted by the colonies interested in the ques- tion respectively, and suggest that delegates be appointed by the Governments concerned, to meet at Wellington, for the purpose of dis- cussing the question. i" In reply, I havo the honour to state, with reference to tho first question, that the views of this Government have been fully explained in a letter to the hon. the ColonUl Sdcretary, New South Wales, a copy of which I now bog to encloBO for your information. "I havo also tho honour to stato, with respect to the proposod meeting of delegates, that no objection is felt to such a meoBUte ; indeed, in my letter to you of the 9th of February last, it was suggested that such u meeting should take place with the view to the whole question of steam postal communi- cation with the United Kingdom being tully considered. It howtver app.ars desiraô/e that one of the Australian colonies should he appointed as the place for the assembling and deliberations of the delegates ; and that, as representatives are shortly expected from the several colonieB at the Intercolonial Exhibi- tion, to beheld at Melbourne, this would bo a favourable opportunity for .carrying out the purpose. (Signed) " JAS. M'COLLOOII." COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. STATE OP TBADE. Wo have to note a very considerable im- provement on the business of the mouth, A. large demand for trade purposes could not fail to he experienced as natural to the period of the year ; but, in addition, specula- tive attention haB been directed towards staple articles previously in a very depressed condition, by which means the markets havo been stimulated to more healthy actioD, which has led to transactions of some extent. In bread e tuffs a reaction has taken place, and i during the past ten days fully 100,000 bushels of whoat, chiefly Chilian, have changed hands, and au advance of 6d. to 7d. per bushel has been established in almost all descriptions. Flour has olso participated in this improve- ment. A good deal of excitement has b3en ' perceptible in malt daring the last day or two, and the price has gone up fully Is. per bushel. Provisions, for a long time neglected, suddenly sprang into notice, when about fifty tonB found buyers at once. Of Patna rice, upwards of 700 tons changed bands a week ago, and Borne 150 tons of Java have also been quitted. Of sugar, there has been disposed of the Stag's cargo of Java, of 4,500 mats and COO baskets ; the Isabella Hercus's cargo of Mauritius, consisting of 6.88Q bags ; 3,000 bogs, a portion of tho Adriatic's ; 3,400 bags, a portion of the Salacia's and Egean's cargoes, amount- ing, With private sales also reported, to about 24,000 bags. The sale of the Augusta's cargo of red deals, with some extensive shipments of lumber, appear among the transactions of the month. The Peru's cargo of teas, besides other large parcels, have been disposed of. In Epirits, some 800 hogsheads of dark Mar rçll's hro.ndv.find some 10,000 CBBJW eoueva, cbangecTTiands on speculation. The failure of Messrs. G. S. and P. Beveridge, squatters and sheep-farmers, was reported a short timo ago. The liabilities amount to £19,403 3s, thoso to unsecured creditors amounting to £14,403 3s, and those to secured cre- ditors to £5,000. It bas been resolved to put the estate in the Insolvent Court. Meetings have also been held in the estate of Messrs. Young and Martin, which is also to be wound up in the Insolvent Court, a course which haB been forced upon the creditors by the sudden disappearance of Mr. Martin, the acting partner of the concern. A meeting of the Melbourne creditors of Mesbrs. H. and A. Sherrard, of Auckland, was held on the 15th inst. This step was rendered necessary in order to protect the estate from being swallowed up by a judg- ment creditor for £8,000. Mr. Copeland was appointed to proceed to New Zealand in tho interest of tho creditors here. The indebted- ness of the firm is supposed to amount to over £20,000. On the evening of the 11th instant the Geelong with the English and Continental malls to 26th Soptember, arrived in Hobson's Bay, and the letters were delivered early on Monday morning. The shipments for the month to Victoria figure at £407,212, and, as compared with the previous month, show a decrease of £134,361. Advices from America to the 14th September report the departure, from Boston for Melbourne, on the 14th August, of the Alexander, with 4,000 caseB of oil, 12,0001b. of tobacco, and 90,000ft. lumber ; and cf the Siam, from New York, on the 18th AugUBt, with 8,000oases of oil and 350,0001b. of tobacco. The JameBGuthrie.loadiugatBoston, bad 9,000 cases of oil on board. The Alpha and Royal Saxon were reported loading at New York for Melbourne ; the Herschel for Ade- laide ; the A. W. Stephens for Dunedin ; and tho Susan Jane had left for an outport in New Zealand. From Foochow we leam that the T. E. Boyd and the Tell had left for Mel- bourne. The Acmel, whose departure for Australia was advised last month, had met with a typhooD, and put into Nagasaki so much injured as to be unable to bring on her cargo. From Calcutta to 7th October we are informed that the Aurifera, after having been repaired, had sailed again on the 27th Sept., and the Charlie Palmer, then loading, had 300 tons rice on board. EXCHANOE AND MONEY. Exchange.-A further decline of a half per cent, has taken place in exchange on London, par beiLg now the ruling rate for sixty days draft?. For thirty days' drafts the banks are charging a half per cent, premium, and for Email amounts on demand one per cent, premium. Wool bills, which have been coming forward freely, have mostly been placed at equal to one per cent, discount, sixty days. Money.-The rates of discount and interest have not been perceptibly affected by the recent advices of cheaper money in England, although a somewhat eaBler feeling seems to prevail in the bank parlours. Bills having a currency of two, three, and four months aro discounted at the minimum rates of eight, nine, and ten respectively. Deposits at one, three, and six months carry interest at three, four and a half, and six per cent, per annum with most of the banks. Higher rates are, however, obtainable in some cases for these terms, and deposits at twelve months com- mand seven per cent, freely. THE WOOL SALES. The public sales during the month have gone oft most satisfactorily. lu Melbourne, 25,428 bales wera offered, of which 12,170 bales were quitted ; and in Geelong, 3,174 bales were disposed of. The prices realised ranged from 9Jd. to 14Jd. for greasy, 15J. to 24d. for kcoured, and 17^d to 27ii. for fleece. STOCK AND STATIONS, Regarding the future prospects of squatting stations in the interior, the Pastoral Times of 3rd November states :-'' Summer seems now to have fairly Bet in, and while we have every reason to be thankful for the blessing of rain during the past wet season, yet there is much to be desired in mnny districts in the way of stored water. The drought is over, but the dregs of the drought aro to the fore ; while tho country is everywhere beautiful aud green, the predominance of herbs is vory noticeable the long drought seemB to have destroyed, to a great extent, the grass seeds, and these herbs which are so abondant soon wither away under the influence of the burning summer's sun, so that towards the end of summer feed is likely to be scarcer than usual. However, what actual grass is now growing will cast seed this season, and next year, in all likeli- hood, every trace of the drought will havo gtown out. Our latest from Fort Bourke ~ rr" the river at Bummer level, and no S et ofa rise. The patience of the Bogan ïnH Warrego Bettlers seoma to be exhausted, «there appears no likelihood of getting their * ooUlown the Darling from Fort Bourke, so Inn]I ¿snow being aont overland to Menindie »neeof over 800 miles. Our Govern LntouBht at once to set about lock Shu Darling and cutting the few bars that mgpd the navigation. The stolid indl£ Seo that prevents Buoh a necessary work fcwnce IMBI- l»o _.fl_al_ ninfni oihn fat; ina aapectNud the numbera of sbeep on tne «¿make It likely that still lower rates will TIÎIB Now, we consider that this state of laings is only temporary, and would advise »11 who are able to keep their Bhecp until next season to do so. Many who are now send ile sheep to market are any thing but over itneked but are forced to sell because of «heir shortness of funds, brought about in tho first place hy the drought-which, if it iarl continued a short time longer, would have driven the bulk of the settlers Into ?ha Insolvent Court- and in the second îjlace by the tightness of the money market which bars advances oven to those whose 'prospecta are first-rate. Aa soon as Junda Bufflclont have been secured hythe fpltlers. tborewill be a husbanding of etock «sain, the feeding area having been greatly increased by the well-water Becured on the hack blocks and the amount of stock having teen so seriously reduced by the havoc cauBed bv the want of feed and water during the «ast two soasons. We therefore adviso all who can to take another clip of wool from their sheep before consigning them to the Vhe Deniliquin Chronicle of 17th November recorta »s follows :-" Latest advices from Mount Murchison report that this river is fordable at that place, and that five steamers wert) aground between there aud Menindlo, owing to the inadequacy of the water. Somo ten or fifteen thousand sheep will have to be «moved from a station In the neighbour- hood southwards, in conaf quenco of tho local billabongs lapidly shrinking from the Budden lall In the liver." SQUATTING ENTERPRISE. " We very well remember, some five yeara ago," remarks the Pastoral Times of 17th inat, "a file of horsemen drawn up before Iron's Hotel, Deniliquin. They were taking their departure for the distant Bogan, to establish the Bogan River Company, in the Uppor Darling. There waa not thon a four-footed animal on the vast stations then taker! up by them. The company afterwards merged into the Pastoral Investment Company, Mel- bourne. This season they clip 2 000 bales of -wool, and will despatch about 2,000 fat cattle to Victoria. This would seem to be a prac- tical answer to the assertion that the squatters are ntceesarlly an indolent class." NAVIGATION or THE DARLING. Tho Deniliquin Chronicle writes:-"Tho meanB for transmitting wool to market aro of a very imperfect description, and unless something be done for the purpose of en- larging access to the varions exporting depots, a Ecrions discouragement will be given to pastoral enterprise in the Australian Interior. Dry rivers and the absence of the means of tmnslt by land, at a reaaonable cost to the grower, must tell, and is telling vastly, on the spirit which has hitherto led men lo the inland plaina. Wa hear that bales and bales of last year's clip are rotting on tho banks, and that at the present time upwards of 80,000 are waiting to come down, with little chance Of the river presenting the wished-for opportunity. One Arm alone will have, with last year's, some- where about 5,000 in this situation ; and any arrangementtbatcau be made for conveyance hy team is likely not only to be Insufficient, but most costly. Considering the important relation which the production of wool has to the pastoral tenant's industry and profits, that interest cannot be said to receive fair treatment while attention to the condition of our rivers is ignored BOBBOC after season, and the possibility of their being made so aa to fnrciBlr the means of cheap transit to market still undetermined." NAVIGATION OF THE HÜRBAY. The navigation of the Murray, so far aa Albury is concerned, is now closed fur the season. The water baa fallen considerably of late, and there is no more snow to come down, and no more heavy rain to be expected. The Victoria got snagged laBt week coming up to Albury, and had to discharge her cargo on the lank, about three miles below Dight's. Two holes in her bottom were hastily stuffed with blankets, and she started immediately for the lower river, to avoid being shut up. The steamers have left their usual remanets this eeaEOD, in the shape of goods undertaken to be landed at Albury, or " the nearest ac- cessible point thereto." Besides the Victoria's cargo landed on the bank near Dight's, there ere about 400 tons of merchandise consigued to Albury, and now lying at Wahgunyah. All this is at consignees' risk, and they will have to fetch the goods the best way they can, and pay all expenses. How much more carjo may be still en route for Albury it is impossible to say. BORDER CUSTOMS. The operation of the Border Cuatoms on the Murray is attended by great inconveni enco lo the inhabitants. A last inatance ia , point ¡B given by the Mulwala correspondent of the Pastoral 'limes, who writes:-"A case shewing the hatdsbip of the Customs regula- tions to our township has recently occurred. The Victorian Government have a police slation on the opposite Bide of the river. They fell abort of sugar, and the officer In charge wrote to Mr. Jackson, at Wahgunyah, to be allowed to purchase a bag from our store- keeper, by paying the duty; but the answer returned was that it waa not in the officer's power to grant the permission. Thus, to have traded with his neighbour, the goods would have had to travel to Wahgunyah, a distance of nearly ninety milos, to within two miles of where they were sent from. We want free trade across the border, and until this is granted there will be monopolies and advan- tages to one place moro than another." RESULTS OP THE BOEDER CUSTOMS. An instance of the prejudicial operation of the Border Customs IB noticed by the Border Post in the following paragraph :-" There waa no bid on Monday for the property of the Murray Valley Vineyard Company-a fine estate of 640 acres, in capital working order, and producing from the cultivated portion Eomeof the finest wine in Albury. This estate haB cost the shareholders about £7,000. and, aa we said before, there was no offer for it. This is the first large vineyard that has BUC cumbed under the devastating influence of the Border Customs. Cut off from their markets, the company had to sell their wine lor 3?. per gallon, which was unremune ratlve." PROTOSAL FOR A UNIFORM TARIF!". Tho following is a copy of a communica- tion from the South Australian Government to the Chief Secretary of thla colony:-"I am directed by His Excellency Sir Dominlck Daly to request that you will again direct the attention of the Government of Victoria to the desirability of an arrangement being entered into by the several provinces on the mainland of Australia, by which colonial productions may be introduced without duties into the several porta, more especially as the Intercolonial Exhibition at Melbourne proves how greatly the productions of each province have increased during the last few years. A somewhat similar arrangement to that now proposed has been attended for some time with satisfactory results in the North American colonies. I am fur- ther to submit for the consideration of the Government of Viotorla whether it would not be desirable now to adopt a uniform tariff, at all events for the Riverine and coast- ing trade, as the tariff* of Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia are already In many respects so similar the one to the other. I think you will admit that, aa settle- ment progresses on the Rivera Murray and Darling, such a tariff will be essential to the conduct of trade and to the avoidance of disputes, the occurrence of which has already taken' place, and the settlement of which niust at all times be difficult. In conclusion, I ant to assure yon that In thus reopening a subject npon which correspondence and con- ference have already taken place, the Go- vernment of this colony Is entirely disposed to treat this difficult subjeot ia a fair and liberal spirit." Similar letters have been sent yo the Governments of New South Wales and .Queensland. VINE CULTURE, "On the importance of Geelong aa a grape growing district," remarks the Register, " somo idea may be formed from the fact, that nearly one quarter of the area under vine culture within the colony is within the immediate vicinity of our town; and of the superiority of the Geelong grapes for wlne-maklng pur- poses, soma notion may bo conceived from the fact, that of 110,000 gallons of wine made during one year within Victoria, nearly 50,000 gallons were made in this district." NOVEL INDUSTRIES. From a return presented to the Queensland ?legislative Assembly it appears that an aggregate of upwarda of 9,000 acres had been I applied for from 1st June, 1865, to 25th April, 1866, by forty-seven persons, to he used as coffee or sugar plantations. The return does not specify the proportions proposed to be brought under coffee cnlture. The applica- tions for land are for areas varying from 320 to 1,280 acres. As the cultivation of both coffee and sugar has been adequately tested in various patts of Queensland, It may bo ex- pected that In three or four years the exports of both will bo considerable. NEW DISCOVEBY. A somewhat important discovery has been made within the last few days. It appears that in the Currawong Ooper-mlne, in New South Wales, a considerable layer of what appeared to be sand of a peculiar kind was passed through, and considered of no value. After a time, however, as the supposed sand was found to be heavy, and to contain nume rous shining particles of some mineral, sam- ples were sent round to Melbourne for exami- nation, and wero entrusted to Mr. Paterson, of the Bank of Australasia, for assay. He discovered that the mineral was an oxide of lead, giving sixty-eight per cent, of metal. Lead has never been found in thiB form in such quantity as to make the deposit valuable to commerce; but the lode now exposed is understood to be a large one, Load is much wanted for local industries. It has been im- ported exton el vely, and we trust the Curra- wong Company may soon bo able to supply the demand from the vein or deposit they possesB. NEW INVENTION. Last cvoning (31st ult.), the patent spark catcher of Messrs. Adams and Longdon was tested in the presence of a number of gentle- men at the show-yard of the Port Phillip Farmers' Society. The original character of the invention has been changed ; and the wire netting, instead of forming a ceiling in the smoke-box, has been applied In the shape of a tubo, four feet long, fixed in the chimney of the engine (ono of Mr. Home's) lent for the purpose of the experiment. When the trial was made during the recent agricultural show, it was discovered that, although the appliance prevented the escape of the sparks, in consequence of the tube being clogged by the soot and smoke, the draught was in- terfered with, a drawback as serious as the evil the invention 1B designed to cure. Since then, netting of a very muoh larger mesh has been adopted, and, judging from the trial last night, -with perfect succesB. The experiment was of a protracted character, and during the whole time not a single spark was observed to escape, vi hilo there did not appear to be the slightest interruption of tho draught, or disturbance of the regular working of the engine. WASTE OF GOLD. In a lecture by Mr. H. A. Thompson, of Clunes, on tho extraction of gold, recently delivered at Wood's Point, tho experienced lecturer made the following remarks on the great waste of gold that occurs in extracting it from the matrix :~" My estimate is that the average loss is thirty-five per cent, of the total yield. In no place where I have had the opportunity of trying was the loss less than twenty-five per cent., and in several instances, two especially in which I was personally interestod, the Joss was as high as seventy per cent, of the total contents -that is, out of every 100 ounces seventy ore lost. This is the result-not of one or two exceptional trials, but of an immense series of assays, extending overy many years, and embracing a large area of auriferous country. Taking the whole colony together, and assuming twenty-five per cent, to be the average loss, there could be no doubt that a deficienoy of ono million per annum existed ; and I believe the estimate of the Mining de- partment is somewhat over that amount. This showB how important it is for the in- terest of all concerned in mining, and for the welfare of the colony generally, that some portion of this loss should be avoided, The means for eflecting this can only be attained by patient industry, unremitting persever- ance, and deep study ; and it will be seen at once what good will result from the conver- sion ot non-puylog to paying mines, and the labour which would be required in utilising the at present useless waste material. It was this consideration which led to the establish- ment of those elaborate experiments which have been canted on at the Port Pliilllt mines." A very successful trial of Mr. Nitsohke's patent distilling apparatus took place in the eastern annexe ot the Exhibition on the ¡¿3rd. The material used for the purposes ol tho experiment consisted of a quantity oi "low wines," obtained at the manufactory of the Agiicultural Distillery Company Footscray, from beet and mangold-wurtzel substances which the company propose te use in the manufacture of spirits for the colonial market, Judging from the resulti obtained, nothing better could bd fount for the purpose, and it was also shown thal the new apparatus ÍB a valuable invention for it yielded from the " low wines" a gallor overy tour minutes of spirits sixty oveiproof The Êtili is therefore capable of produoing it kept constantly at work, 650 gallons o prool spirit per diem- a much larger quantité than could be obtained by thu use of an; ordinary distilling apparatus. The spin thus extracted from the fermented beetroo was pronounced by competent judges to bi ot the very best quality, being Uve per cant stronger tuan any yet aiBtillod in the colony We understand that it is the intention of thi promoters of the Distillery Company to hav a portion of this spirit prepared for consump tion in the shapo of brandy, rum, geneva, &c;, in order to Bhow that beet, &a;, can be BUC cebBfully employed in the place of the sub stances which are more commonly used in th manutacture of spirituous liquors. TUE STOLEN DEBENTURES. The trial of the banking case of Lewis i M'Mulltn, by a second jury, was finished yet terday. The jury, alter many hours' deli beration, found a verdict for the plaintif! damages £10,460,-the full amount ot the de tentures loBt, without Interest. The case wil yet be contested at law before the full Com in banco; and whichever party loses ther intends to go to the Privy Council for a fine chance. THE WOOLLEN AND OLOTH MAHUFAOTUaiN COMPANY. The new building for the Woollen an Oloth Manufacturing Company, on the bank of the Barwon, is progressing rapidly, and i about ten weeks from the present time wi be finished. The building first erected, whio was considered insufficient for the purpose fe which it was intended, is most substantial! built of bluestone, and the main room is 11 feet in length; but although this insufficionc was admitted, and a contract taken for th new building now in course of erection, th original building has since been found to b absolutely necessary for the carrying on c the manufacture of woollens, tweeds, &c; although, of course, some alterations wi have to bo made. The new building no' being erected will also contain a room 11 feet long, for the reception of looms, besides a engine-room, and the long room is 44 feet wid< Between the two buildings there is an ope epaco about the same width as the roon which it is intended to roof over and enclos at each end, so that there will eventually t a range of three large buildings, all conjoinec forming an immense factory. The one buile ing now completed is of tbe moBt substantif nature, built with bluestone throughout, an stuccoed inside The machinery has bee already shipped, and may be expected her about the middle of December. The direr, tors are sanguine as to the speculation bein a payable one: and although the compan will not be anio to produce tho require amount of woollen oloth by the time spécifie to secure the grant from Government, ther is little doubt that an equal sum of mone will be again placed on the Estimates for tb purpose. The secretary has received photi graphs of the principal machinery which he been shipped for the compauy. The mam facturera are Messrs, J. and L. Horsefield, c Leeds ; and the pictures represent the engin which is capablo of being worked up to tbirtj five-horse power, a " scribbler," a " carder, and a "condenser." Mr. Horsefield, juc accompanies the machinery, and is undi an engagement with the company for twelt months, if his services are required. THE BAKES. English, Scottish, and Australian Chartere Bank.-The following general abstract, shoi ing the average amount of the llabiliti and assets of the English, Soottish, an Australian Chartered Bank within ti colony of Victoria, taken from the sever weekly statements during the quarter fro the 1st day of July to 30th Septembe 1866, has appeared in the Gazette : liabilities.-Notes In circulation, not bearing lnt rest, £39,46516s. ; balances due to othor banka, £1 1GB. 7d. ; deposits, not boaring internst, £111,408 1! lOd. ; doposlts, bearing interest, £238,810 189. 0 Total amount of liabilities, £380.817 10s. lid. T assets aro tis follow :-Coinod gold and silver, ai otbor coined metals, £50,61119s. lOd. ; gold andsilv in bullion or bars, £3,810 8s. 2d. ; landed proper) £24,827 4s. lOd. ¡ notes and bills of other banl £7,060 14s. 7d. ; balances due from other banl £7,003 Is. ; amount of all dobts duo to tho bank, I eluding notos, bills of exchange, and all stock a funded dobts of every description, oxcoptlng noti bills, and balances due to the said bank from oth banks, £602,481 10s. 8d. Total amount of asae' £000,600 8s. Id. Tho return also includes the folio Ing :-Amount ot the capital stock paid up at tho closo of tho eiuartor on Jed fieptomber 80,1800, £000,000; rate of tho lam dividend declared to the shareholders, Bevon por cent, por annum ; amount of tho last divi- dend declared, £21,000; amount of tho rosorvod profits after declaring such dividend, £50,000. Bank of New South Wales.-The following ia the thirty-Becond report of the directors of the Bank of New South Wales to the half-yearly general meeting of the proprie- tors, held at Sydney on Wednesday, No- vember 7 : The directors submit herewith a statement of tho assets and liabilities of tho balk on the 30th ultimo, and aro glad to be ablo to prosont to the proprietors evidence of the sound and satisfactory character of tbo general business of tho institution in tho results of tho operations of tho past half-year. Intimately identified as it is with tho various interests of tho country, this bank has naturally not entirely oscaped tbo losses In which tbo last few months of financial depression throughout Australia bavo involved so roany ; but tho directors havo carefully estimated such contingencies, and aro gratified to report that, after liberal provision made for them, thoro still romains a largo residue of realised profits for Immediate distribu- tion. Tbcso profits aro in tho agtrrogato sufficient to have justified tho directors, under ordinary circum- stances, In recommending tbo payment of a divi- dend and bonus equal to tho rato of twonty por cent, por annum, but, having regard to tbo depressed condition of commercial interests, it has boen doomed moro prudont to divide at the presont time n smaller amount, and to carry forward a considerable balanco for equalisation of futuro dividends, and in this moa suro of precaution tbo directors confidently anticipate tbo acquiescence of tho shareholders. Tho not profits, aftor deducting lobato on current bill», Interest on deposits, providing for bad and doubtful debts, reducing valuation of bank promises, and pa) lug taxes on noto circulation, amount to .£98,075 13 2 To which is to bo added-undivided ba- lance from last half-year .. .. 3,681 1 S Giving for distribution .. ..£101,659 19 7 Which the directors rccommond to bo appropriated as follows :-. To paymont of dividend at tho rato of fifteen por cont. per annum .. .. £75,000 0 0 To bonus at the rato of thrco por cont. per annum .15,000 0 0 To balance carried to " profit and losi," now account .11,059 10 7 £101,059 19 7 During tho past half-yoar the directors have established branches of tho bank at William-stroot, Bj ¿noy ; at Burrowa, Qlon Innes, and Sofala, in this colony ; and at Warwick, In tho colony of Queonsland ; and havo added tho agency previously In operation at Hokitika, in Now Zealand, to the list of branches, It devolves upon this meeting to elect a director in tho room of tho Hon. Qoorgo Allen, M.L.C., who retiros by rotation. Messrs. Francis Mitchell and John Richardson, duly qualified proprietors, aro candidates for the office Two auditors f*r tho current yoar have also to ho appointed by the present meotlng, TV. R. Piddington, Esq., M.L.A., being eligible for re- election. AOOHEOATK BALANCE SHEET, SIU-THMIIIIR 30. . Dr. To bank stock.£1,000,000 To reserve fund . To notos in circulation To hills payablo . To deposits and other liabilities .. To profit and loss . £8,270,003 0 0 Cr. By coin and cash balances .. .. £1,153,451 9 7 By bullion in hand and in transit to London, SOtb September .. .. 022,07114 9 By Government securities ., .. 210,312 10 0 By notes of other banks .. .. 7,783 0 0 By bank promises . 181,085 19 3 By bills receivable, bills discounted, and other debts duo to the bank.. 0,310,750 1 0 By insurance account.. .. .. 012 10 8 £8,270.603 0 0 Pnom ASD LOSS, EErTEMBtsa 80. Dr. Sept. 80. To rebato (at current rates) on hills discounted not duo at this dalo .. £40,177 8 11 To dividend, at the rate of flftoon per cent, per annum .. .. 75,000 0 0 To bonus, at tho rato of throe per cent, por annum. 15,000 0 0 To balance carried to "profit and loss," now account. 11,659 19 7 £141,837 8 0 Or. - March 31. By amount from last account .. £3,681 1 6 Sopt. BO. By balonco of half-year's profits öfter providing for bad and doubtful debts, and including recoveries from debts previously writteu-ofl as bad. 13S.253 7 1 £141,837 8 0 Melbourne Banking Corporation.-Tho fol- lowing report by the directors of the Mel- bourne Banking Corporation was read at a meeting of the shareholders held on tho 2nd of November : In meeting the shareholders for the first time Ellice tho transfer of tho business from tho Melbourne Banking Company to the present corporation, tho directors consider It au occasion when thoy should outer moro fully Into dotails than is usual at ordinary half-j early meetings. It will bo seen on reforenco to the accounts now prosenlcd that the chango of tho business lrom that of a private banking firm, with un- limited responsibility, to that of a joint-stock company, "incorporated undor tho Companies Statuto," bas had little or DO effect on the business ; but ns this altera- tion in tho constitution of the bank has boon com- mented upnn by parties interested In rival institutions, tho directors think it right to point out that nearly all the banking establishments in tho colony aro limited as to their liability, either hy special enactment or by charter, and therefore in this respect tho position ol this bank is not an exceptional ono. It is also confidently submitted that when tho paid-up and uncalled capital of tho bank is considered-that its advances (with hut few and very special oxcoptlonal casos) aro based upon actual security-that it has no noto issuo, and Hint the bulk of the deposits aro fixed and at long periods, the position of both shareholders and de ¡jorltors is not inforior to that of those conncctod with any other similar institution, whilo tho com- paratively small cost of management (the wholo of tho business being conductod at ono ofllso, without the cost of branches aud agencies) onablos tho bank to allow Its depositors a participation in tho prouts by the high rateB of intorcst given for deposits. Tho deposits now hold by tbo bank, it maybe remarked, aro of the best class, oxperlenco having shown that small depositors aro moro valuable than largo ones. An analysis made at 2Dih September last gives tho fol- lowing satisfactory result ¡-Number of dopoiltors, 1,6Sfl ; average »mount, £235 each, giving an agtrregato of £384,836 ; of this amount £238,000 (omitting frac- tions) is represented by twelve months' deposits, £07,000 six monttiB', and £48,000 undor six months'. A depression in tho deposits during tho past half-yoar haB taken placo to tho o.Uent of about £16,000 ; but considering tho opportunities lately offorlng for tho investment of capital nt very remunerative rates, tho directors aro of opinion tho withdrawal of so small an amount IB satisfactory, ospcclally riß thoy are onablod to stato that the most of this sum was withdrawn for the purchase of Queensland Government ton por cont, debentures. According to the terms of the deod of a-sociation, tho appointaient cf tho first auditors is vested In tho directors, and lu tho oxorciso of this power (icstoad of following the usual practice of se- lecting the auditors from among tho shareholders), tlicy have, in their opinion, consulted the interests of tho bank by appointing two professional accountants. The balanco at credit of profit and loss includos rebato on current bills-a system adopted by somo of tho largest banking ostabllsbmonts ; but, making ampio provision for this Horn, tboro remains a not profit equal to upwards of twonty por cont. per annum on the paid-up capita!, from which tho directors proposo te pay a dividend of fivo per cont., and a bonus of ona and quarter per cont., togetlior equal to twolvo and a half per cent, per annum. Boforo concluding tholr remarks respecting prouts, tho directors desire to point out two causes which havo diminished tho profits for the past half-year- ono being tho rato of dlecountat which the advances wore talton over from the lioluourno Banking Company under its guar- antee, being a rato much bolow the averago usually charged ; tho other, tho policy adopted during tho lato monetary pressure, of keeping a largs avalloblo cash balanco comparatively unemployed. In conclu- sion, tho directors would remark that the profits of tho bank might bo largely augmented by following the practice of similar institutions at home-that of re-discounting a portion of tho bills, and thus in- creasing tho lending poner of tho bank, a courso which, however legitimate, has nover in any ono in- stance been availed of. But whilst the directors aro still inclined to adhere to the samo Uno of conduct, by keeplug tho advances of tho bank within Its own resources, thoy aro of opinion that the business may be profitably increased by offering higher ratos for money lodged for fixed periods of moro than ttvoivo months, which subject Is now undor consideration. The Colonial Bank of Australasia.-The half-yeaily meeting of the shareholders of the Colonial Bank of Australasia has been held, at the offices of the bank, Elizabeth street; Mr. Edward Cohen, one of the direc- to«, presiding. The half-yearly report of the directora and balance-sheet (already published) were read. The Chairman, in moving the adoption of the report, said that the directors had much pleasure in meeting the share- holders for the twentieth time. He was sure it must he a matter of deep regret to all pre- sent that the Hon. Mr. O'shanassy was not preBont to preside upon this ocoasion. They were aware that during the last half-year especially during the latter portion of it -an unprecedented tightness prevailed in the money market, caused by tho finan- cial panic iu London. This state of matters, in his opinion, had tended to prove the soundness of commercial matters in Victoria, and It must be a souroo of gratification to all that the mercantile community had been able to stand BO well the severe ordeal through which they had passed. He thought they might Hatter them- selves that they had reason to look forward to a restoration of commercial confidence, seeing that the season both for agricultural and pastoral pursuits promised to be ono of the beBt that they had ever experienced in Victoria. He waa happy to inform them that the bank had paeeed through the tight- ness that had been occasioned by recent events without ony loss. The directors had thought it prudent to write off this half year a consider ablo sum, in consequence of holding a large amount of debentures tbat had fallen in the market. They had written off a sum of upwards of £2,000, to meet the difference in the price of thoae deben tnres; and he hail also lo inform them that the preliminary expenses of establishing tho London agency had been wiped off. The direc- tors, acting on what they believod to he asound conservative policy, did not think it expe- dient to delare a larger dividend than eight per cent. They regretted that they did not consider it advisable to declaro tho usual dividend, but ho wan happy to say, now that the expenses of the London agency bad been paid, that it promised to become a source of profit. Tho general business of the bank was m a nourishing condition. The directors had had a somewhat anxious time during the last six: months, but the general prospects now appeared better, and it must bo gratifying to the Bhareholdors that they had suffored no loss, and that tbey had given every accommo- dation possible to the customers of the bank. He begged to move the adoption of the report. Mr. Clarke seconded the motion. In answer to a shareholder, the Chairman stated that the directors had not placed the shares of the bank on the London register, and that he himself was opposed to such a course. No action would bo taken in the matter until tbey heard from Mr. O'shanassy. Mr. Harker said that if tho bank had suffered no loss, he did not exactly see why the dividend should be so much less than usual. The Chairman said that the bank had sustained no loss, but they had written off £2,000 to meet the fall in tho price of debentures which they held. Tho preliminary expenses of the Lon- don agency had also been writton off. So long as tbey bad to pay BO high a rato of inte- rest for deposits tbey could not possibly have the profits on banking which tbey had in years past. Mr. Harker Bald if they had to pay a higher rate of interest for deposits, thoy got an increased profit in discounts. Tho Ohair m an.-No. Mr. Harker.-The £2,000 written off for debentures would only bo BO much paid out of the capital of the company. The Chairman.-The £2,000 was paid oot of the profits of the half-year. The motion for the adoption of the report was agreed to, Mr. Harker then moved a vote of thanks to the directors, which WOB seconded by Mr. M'Donald, and carried unanimously. The Chairman, in acknowledging the vote, re- minded the shareholders that the bank was a colonial institution, and that therefore It re- quired the support of the shareholders. The meeting then separated. The National Bank of Australasia.-The half-yenrly meeting of shareholdora of this bank has been held; Sir Francis Murphy, chairman, presiding, The report of the directors and the balance-shnet (which have already boen published in our commer- cial columns) having been read by the ac- countant (Mr. Priestley), the Chairman moved their adoption. Tho roport, he re- marked, spoke for itself, and he was sure it must he satisfactory to the shareholders of the bank. It had given satisfaction in South Australia, and he believed that it wonld do so here. They bad passed through a season of unexampled monetary difficulty, originating in England and extending its in- fluence to this colony ; hut thoy hud got through it with comparatively little diffi- culty and with very small loss. Hu consi- dered that great credit was due to the gen- tlemen who had had tho actual management of the affairs of the hank. Mr. T. Monbray seconded the adoption of the report. Mr. W. Cnrter referred to a paragraph in tho report, mentioning that the present premises in Mel- bourne having become too limited for the bank's increasing business, the directors had purchased the block of land in Collins-street east lately occupied by Messrs. Reynolds and English. He wished to know from the di- rectors at what price thiB land had been pur- chased, and to what extent thoy proposed to go for the intended additions ? He requested this information, for, on looking over the re- port, he found the present bank premises, with fnrniture, put down at £64,625, amount- ing to between a Boventh aud an eighth of the capital of the company. Ho wished for the information he had requested before he made any remaiks as to the advisa- bility of the directors and shareholders entering on a speculation of this kind. Among the shareholders present there were many who had bought their Bhares at £6, and some, ho believed, had recently been.sold for £5 5s., the present market price been £5 10s. or £5 Ile. These considera- tions ought to receive attention in con- nexion with tho outlay proposed, Sir F. Murphy replied that the purchase of the land had been entered into before the late difficulties had come upon them cither here or in Eogland. Could thoy have been foreseen, perhaps the purchase would not at the time have been made, although the di- rectors believed the arrangement effected to be a very advantageous one. Tho price of the land was £200 per foot for sixty-six feet, amounting to £13,200. With regard to the buildings to bo erected no decision had yet been arrived at, and no arrangement entered upon. Their present building had become very inconveniont from its restricted space, and was also most unhealthy, ou account of the operations carried on and the nature of the goods stored in places at the rear of the bank premises. From these causes- a most deleterious influence had been produced, and it had been found necessary to call the atten- tion of the health officer to the matter. There was danger that the health of the bank officials might become seriously impaired, and he was sure that when the health of these gentlemen was regarded as in danger the shareholders would not view the ques- tion as one of mera money consideration. The fall in the value of shares which had been alluded to was not caused by any action taken here, but was a mere conse- quence of the state of tho money market in England ; and it was for the share- holders to say whether they considered that there was anything in what had actually occurred to causo the shares to fall as they had done. It was not proposed in the con- templated additions to go into any lavish expense, or to form palatial residences for the bank officiate, who perhaps, after all, wonld not live there, but simply to provide more convenient premises for carrying on the business of the bank. Mr. Carter remarked that the question was, whether the outlay was a prudent one at tho present time. They must be guided by their moans, and so conduct their operations as to maintain confidence in the manner in which the business waa being carried on. Upon referring to tho balance sheet, he found that the half-yearly expenses of the bank had amounted to nearly £30,000 ; nnd, as ho had remarked before, the pre- sent premises and furniture wero sot down at £64,000. Sir F. Murphy observed that they could only judge of these amounts by com- parison. He found by the returns of the Bank of Viotorla that, with an amount of tailed up capital of £500,000, the promises, &c;, of the bank were set downat £133,000. Their own figures were,-paid up capital, £540,000 ; bank premises, furniture, &c;, £64,000. The adoption of the report was tbeu put to the vote, and carried. Mr, JenningB then moved, and Mr. J. lil'Dougall seconded, the award of a vote of thanks to the directors and manage- ment in Melbourne and South Australia for the manner in which they had conducted the bank business during the last half year. Sir F. Murphy suggested that the direotors and management in London Bhonid be included in the motion, which was then adopted, with the suggested addition. On the motion of Mr. Wright, seconded by Mr. F. M. Orr, Messrs. J. M'Dougall, W. Carter, and T. Monahan, were empowered to sign the minutos of the meeting. 11AILWAY TRAÏPIS. The following Is a statement showing tho gross revenue for passengers, goods, and cattle traffic on the Victorian Government Hallways, for the month of October: Passengers, Parcels, Horses, Car- riages, Dogs, Mails, Horns, &c.; Goods and Ltvo Stock. Murray River line.. Williamstown lino.. Ballarat lino. £ o. d, 0169 10 C1 £ s. d.l £ s. d. 23440 13 8 32000 4 2 2123 12 8 8278 1 7 10284 14 6 18970 13 0 Totals 1D306 l8 0| 36840 0 0| 66164 19 0 Number of PaesongerB :-Murray River Uno, 21,331 ; Williamtown Uno, '18,117J; Ballarat Uno, 10,280; Total, 88,7281 The total receipts for the year up to No- vember 15th amounted to £600,770 12s. 2d., giving a weekly average of £10,886 8s. lid. Number of miles open for traffic, 254. The income of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Ballway Company for the four weeks ending October 25th, amounted to £10,217 12s. lOd. STOCKS IN BOND, The appended returns show the amount of stocks in bond at Melbourne on the 21st inst. ¡-Brandy, 3,473* hhds. 58,953 oases ; rum, 1.239J hhds. 846 cases ; geneva, 15 hhds. 98 288 red cases, 6,189 green cases ; whiskey 534} hhdsr 18,101 cases ; gin, sweetened, 14J hhds. 4346 coses; cordials, 2,532 cases; spirits of wine, 122J hhds. ; other spirits, 51 hhds. 15,157 cases; wine, 6,018 hhds. 27,064 oases; colonial spirits, 1,051 hilda, and casks, 900 cases; beer, 6,035} hhds. 17,526 cares and casks ; tobacco (manufactured), 1,620 half-tierces, 2,113 quarter-tierces and kegs, 6,833 three-quarter boxes and boxes 1,101 cases,-total, 2.286,3581b. ; do. (un- manufactured), 166 hhds. and casks, 110 cases, 2,181 bales.-total, 590.1021b. ; cigars, 911J cases-113,1531b. ; snuff, 20 packages; tea, 28,455 chests, 34,683 half-chests, 8,121 boxes ; coffee, 1,669 bags, 9 tierces, 109 casks, 521 barrels,-total, 163,1231b.: molasses, 19 tons 6 cwf. ; sugar- Mauritius, 26,513 bags ; Java, 8,546 bags ; other, 1,034 tons 10 cwt., 631 casks and'cases: chicory, 601 packages; opium (pre- pared), 52 packages-8,059èlb. ; dried fruits, 2,444 packages ; hops, 814 pockets ; rloo, 25,216 bags 6 barrels; malt, 543 bags. Under tho new tariff.-Boots and shoes, 2,152 packages; Bilks, 12 packages; apparel and slops, 269 packages ; hats, caps, bonnets, &c;" 109 packages ; oats, 1,490 bags ; barley, 11,982 bags ; bottled fruits, 673 cases ; candles, 785 boxes ; do., 141 chests and packages ; cocoa and chocolate, 211 cases ; preserved meats, fish, &c;, 9,053 casos; sad- dlery, leatherware, &c;, 31 oases ; toys and woodware, l8 cases ; bruBhware and wicker ware, 20 hhds. ; furniture, 671 oases ; musi- cal instruments, 11 cases; drapery, hosiery, &c;, 1,014 packages ; woollenB, 35 baies ; jams, 008 caBes; varnish, 253 cases; cheese, 1,379 caseB; vinegar, 1,444 cases 1,268casks; hams and bacon, 1,666 packages ; confectionery, 381 cases ; soap, 39 boxes ; oilmen's stores, 11,211 cases; earthenware and class, 56 packages : butter, 775 tubs; nuts, 35 bags; salt, 2,302 packages ; rock do., 510 cwt. IMEOBTS AND EXFOBTS. The following table gives the imports and exports Bince the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1866: Weok ending Jan. 0 Jan. 13 Jan. 20 Jan. 27 Fob. 8 Fob. 10 Feb. 17 Fob. 21 Mar. 3 Mar. 10 Mar. 17 Mar. 24 Mar. 31 April 7 April 11 April 21 April 28 May 5 May 12 May 10 May 20 Juno 2 Juno 0 Juno 10 Juno 23 Juno 30 July 7 July 14 July 21 July 28 Aug. 4 Aug. 11 Aug. l8 Aug. 25 Sept. 1 Sept. 8 Sept. 16 Sept. 22 Sept. 20 Oct. 0 Oct. 33 Oct. 20 Oct. 27 Nov. 8 NOV. 10 Nov. 17 Imports. 1866. £ 242,376 803,647 270,812 140,867 234,083 820,310 217,010 418,030 276,804 210,023 218,130 260,060 189,828 249,303 140,108 107,313 186,516 232,002 426,690 108,162 170,637 208,616 210,681 225,312 180,708 190,066 220,148 169,186 230,200 169,182 201,820 805,816 872,861 108,091 249,727 188,300 111.422 434,387 338,273 278,000 255,524 204,687 186,007 244,614 188,178 280,011 1800. £ 810,401 260,717 199,804 179,409 212,821 858,748 892,900 233,014 208,006 200,236 877,771 249,670 166,305 198,836 144,850 801,037 131,620 202,903 307,240 243,805 120,3U4 344,070 320.067 807,808 300,120 227,063 165,091 222,211 271,134 170,740 864,874 860,911 400,822 242,660 230,071 239,008 251,200 353,643 250,180 312,073 211,454 437,861 187,685 880,468 247,134 261,095 Exports. 209,007 107,063 400,736 621,143 123,939 101,133 103,309 444,281 04,337 00,265 242,623 420,331 140,794 157,903 03,3dl 87,600 403,767 90,359 60,108 280, m 213,861 85,670 188,381 141,163 118,256 421,282 88,955 53,634 481,963 106,790 85,872 411,407 80,101 07,072 05,002 418,886 60,204 143,090 812,657 08,033 70,060 051,109 823,207 74,710 130,893 470,058 11,003,004 112,283,464 I 9,432,067 I 0,711,677 145,411 182,470 174,901 600,056 142,1)44 267,877 74,031 027,200 132,610 180,807 100,071 464,605 111,700 (18,003 171,814 84,015 472,150 118,271 fit,009 377,087 803,207 61,214 212,719 47,401 46,374 603,403 101,207 170,041 110,317 879,085 81,281 202,831 96,002 231,657 820,187 02.055 95,616 179,005 420,331 83,370 339,413 135,430 43',109 213,443 326,276 200,087 During the first period the account Btood thuB : Imports .£11,003,004 Exports .0,432,007 £1,570,937 Bataneo of imports ovor exports During the second period : Imports .£12,283,464 Exports .9,711,077 Balonco of imports over oxports .. £2,621,777 POPULATION OF VICTORIA. Quarteily Abstract, showing the oatimated Population of Victoria on tho 30th September, 180S. Births in the third quarter, o: lsoo .. Arrilalah)- sea Deaths Departures by sea , Increaso during tho quarter Population on the SOU) Juno, 1800 Males. Females Parsons, 3,302 6,303 8,700 5,023 2,777 800,427 Population on tho SOU) Soptombor, 1806.. .. 303,204 | 275,784 | 038,088 3,268 2,232 6,600 1,299 2,237 3,213 272,671 14,200 6,090 032,098 Note.-The gain to tho colony by excess of immi- gration over emigration during tho quarter waa 1,729, viz., 700 males and 033 females. In the previous quarter the not gain by tho same moans was 1,215, viz., 861 miles and 864 females. WILLIAM HENEY AUCHEII, BegiBtrar-Qeneral. Registrar-General's Office, Melbourne, Nov. 7. REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHABE MARKET. Since our October summary for the mall thoro has been the inevitable reaction which follows periods of ovsr-exoitomont. A number of tho newer venturos have bocouie seriously depressed, owing to tho dubious noss as to some titles, tho delay which must intorvono beforo result« can bo achieved, and tho fear of calls absorbing too much of the capital of tho holders lu Melbourne, the shares of now alluvial mining com paiiiDB aro net BO largely held as upon Ballarat, but tho metropolitan market is sonsitivo to fluctuations in the local one, where a closer knowledge- of Intrinsic valuo is naturally prosumed to exist. Thus general declino in progressive mining ventures prevails every- where, and it Is not at present easy to soo whoro the decline In prices Is to stop, short of absoluto col lnpae of a great number of latoly-launchod projects. Dividend-paying alluvial minos aro in moderate favour, and buyers have fallon back upon theso aud quartz companies. Soma of tho latter aro doing vory well) otpcclally in the Bendigo district. Debonturoa. -Victoria Government six per cent, debentures havo hoon but llttlo dealt in, tho curront prico bolng tram £10010s. to £10110s. Ilobson's Bay sovon por cents, havo boen sold at par, short dates. Quoonslaud IroaBury bills (ton per conts.) aro north £102. llo nilttablo Government bonds aro in demand. Banks. -Colonial Bank, beforo dividend, woro worth £8 10s. ; tho prico has gradually dcclinod to £7 14s. ox dlv., at which tho last salo« niado wero offectotl. Commercial Bank have hoon largely dealt in during the month at £2 10s. to £2 12s. Od., closing with buyers about £2 10s,, and £2 Hu. Cd. asked, live business of the bank promises woll, and tho management is gonerally regarded as first-class. Tlio National Bank declared dividend at rato of 10 per cent, per annum, and raised tbo rcsorva fond to £136,000; calos at £6 Ils. cum dlv., aud at £5 6s. to £6 7s. ox. dlv. Tho Bank of New South Wales has declared dividend at rato of l8 por cent, per annum. With surplus from preceding half-yoir tho profits accu- mulated would havo pormiuud a dividend at last pre- vious rato, viz , 20 por cant, per annum. Latest sales at £40 8'.. and £U I'la, is now askod ; buyers at £10 10s. Bank of Victoria, Melbourne rogistor, sold at £8810s., and scarce ; London rogistor offered at £41. Gas Companies.-Ballarat Gas worth £7 15s. ; Ben- digo GOB, £316*.; Collingwood Gas, £0 0s. ; Holbourne Gas aro at 20 por cont. discount ; all others dull and ui marketable. Insurance Companies.-Austral- asian Kiro and Marino Insuranco Company's shares liai o been vory dull, and have gradually Bunk to 37B,, at which they aro now obtuinablo; bu> era at 35d., or perhaps 80s. might bo got; it is said that the leservo fund is jeopardised, if not lost, to within £10,000 of tho wbolo. Australasian Lifo offered at 14s. (Southern Insurance aro dealt In at 24s. to 21s. Od. latost salos ; thoro Is a modorato de maud at theso pricos. Australian Alllanco do w>t command au} thing ovor 0s. Victoria Lifo not de»lt in ; sellers at Sis. Victoria Fire and Marino in de- mand at £38. Hallways.-Melbourne and Ilobson's Bay United Ballway aro held for £00, aud offers aro close up ; souio sales havo boon offectod during the last low ¡Jo}«. Tho dividends duo or doclared since our last, and up to dato, havo boon thoso of tho Bank of Now South Walos, £90,000, of which about £5,000 comes to Victorian proprietors; National Bulk aud Melbourne Banking Company togotbor, £33,260. Tho mining dividends for tbo Banio period doclarod by quoted companies amount to £60,170, of which £30,270 was derived from alluvial, and £13,000 from quartz companies. Tho detailed dividends paid each week sliico 28th October comprise tho follow- ing :-For weok onding November 6-Bank of Now South Walo», al rate of l8 percent, per annum; Atlas, Springdallah, 7B. Od. per l,408i!i ; Avoca Association, Avoca, 0s. per 1,600th ; Broak-o'-Day, Bondlgo, 10 por cont. on capital ; Now Ington, Ballarat, £2 per 2,000tli ; North Grcniillo, Smythesdale, 10s. por500tli ; Prince of Wales, Hebnatopol, Gs. per 5,120th; Phoenix, 8m) thoa dalo, 6 por cent, on capital ; Royal Standard, Black River, £1 6s. por 1,000th ; Speculation, Maldon, 6s. per 2,4001b ; Try Again, Springdallah, £1 por 720th ; United Sir William Don, £3 per £2,000th. .For weok onding November 12.-National Bank of Australaiia at rato of ton per cent, per annum ; Melbourno Bunk- ing Corporation (Limited) at rate of twolvo and a halt per cent, per annum ; Clunes Alluvial, £40 per full «tiaro ; Derby, Maldon, £5 per 210th ; Golden Stream, Scarsdale, 6s. per 2,000th ; Groat Gulf, 2s. 6d. per 8,000th; Hunt's Company, Gaffuey's Crook, 7s. Od, per 1,000th; Newington, £1 per 2,000th; United Sir William Don, £1 por 2,000th; United Working Miners', 10s. per 4,800th ; United Extondod Band of Hopo, 6B. per 12,800th ; Wheal Kitty, £20 per share. For week onding November 19.-Alpha, Springdallah, 6B. per OOOlh ; Atlas, Springdallah, 6B. per 1,408th ; Band ot Uope Quartz, Os per share ; Clunes Quartz, 6». per 2,000th ; Energetic, Bendigo, 2s. por 21.O00th ; National, Durham, fia. por 8,200th; Ophir, Ingiowood, Dd. persbaio ; Royal Standard, Black ltlvor, £116s. per 1.009th; Try Again, Springdallah, £1 10s. por 720th. For week ending November 20.-Clunes Alluvial, £25 per full share ; Crlnollno Prospecting, 10s. por 1,304th; Groat Gulf, 2«. Oil. por S,000tb ; Lady Barkly, Bondlgo, Od. per 10,000th ; Nowlngton, Ballarat, £1 per 2,000th ; NU Dosporandum, Bay wood, Os, per 20,000th; Ophir, Inglewood, Od. per SO.OOOth ; South Crinoline, 4s. por 840th ; United Sir William Don, J8110s. per 2,000th ; Unltod Working Minors', 5s. por 4,800th ; Wheal Kitty, £30 por share For latest prices we refer to the following Hat of sales effected last weok :-Victoria Govornmont 6 per cont. debentures, at 100} ; Melbourne and Hobson'* Bay United Hallway 7 per cent., at 100; Queensland Treasury Bills, at 1101}, 102} ; Commorcial Bank, at £2 10s. ; Colonial Bank, at £7 14s. ; National Bank, at £5 Ca., £5 7s. ; Bank of Victoria, £33 10s.; Bal- larat Bank, £3 8s., £3 4s. ; Holbourne Gas (£5 paid), £4 Is. ; do. (£10 paid), £7 18s. ; Southorn Insur- ance, 24s., 26s. Gd. ; Gipps land Copper, 17s. Od. ; Achilles, Taradale, 2a. (k1. ; All Nations, £3 15s. ; Cathcrino Beef United, 6s. Od. ; £1 Dorado, Lyro Bird, £4 15s. ; Lady Barkly, Ss. Od., 4s. Od., 4s. lid., 4s. 4}d. cum dir., 3s. Od., 4s., ox dtv. ; Boyal Standard, Black Uiver, £24 ; Koh-i-noor, Bendigo, 2s. Gd. ; Albion, Ballarat, £10 10a. ; Avoca, £10, £10 10s. ; Bonshaw, £180 ; Ballarat ExtonBlon, £5 ; Now Cosmopolitan, 22s. Od., 23s. ; Doflanco, 80s. ; Kohi-noor, Ballarat, £31,£8112s. Gd., £32, £82109., £33; Prince of Walos, cum now issue, £10 5s. ; St. George United, £00, £05, £68, £70; United Extcuded Band of Ilopo, £100 ; United Red Jachot, £8 10s., £812s. Od., £8 16s., £3 14s" £8 17s. 6d., £0, £0 2s. (k1., £0 4s. Od., £0 6s.. £0, £8 17*. Od. ; United Sir William Bon, £92 10s. ; Ballarat and Clunes Alluvial, 28s. Od., 80s. ; Crescent, £5 2s. Od., £4 10s. ; Inkermann and Durham Junction; £22, £21, £20 10s., £20, £10, £18, £17 ; Lady Don, £710s., £7 ; ¿liners' Racecourse, £5 ; Now Holland, £2 6s. ; Roseneath, 80s. ; St. Andrew, £2 2s. Od. ; Warrior, £417s. Od. ; Western Froehold, £26 cash, and £27101. terms. THE STOCK AND SHAKE LIST. MONDAY, NOV. 20. £ 01000O 10000O 10000 10000 6000 200000 80000 8030O 135100 103300 10000O 2000O 60000 Viet. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 6 por et Aust. Fast. Investment, 10 por c. Ballarat TVater, 8 per cent. Collingwood Gas, 8 per cont. .. Do., 7 per cont. General Gov., N.Z., 8 per cont. .. Mclbourno Gas, 7 por cont. ., Molb. & 11\. B. Unltod, 8 por cont. Do., 7 per cont. Do., G por cent. Do., 6 per cent. Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 por cent, Otatro Provincial Gov., 8 percent, £ 1001-1011 as 487600 7600O 510000 1000000 600000 80000 24008 14900 COOOO 29S0 24430 200000 100000 26000 20000 100000 40000 100000 100000 6150 48870 17875 8000 12338 50000 4777 12000 7000 534700 1760 PUBWO COMPANIES. Last dlvldond percent. por annum. BANKS. Colonial of Austral, Commorcial of Aus- tralia (limited) .. National of Austral. Now South Wales., f Victoria (Mol.reg.i I Do. (London reg.) OAS COMfANIES. Ballarat Bendigo Castlcmalno Colllngw'd& Fitzroy Daylesford (limited) Goolong \ Molbourno j INSURANCE. Austral. Flro& Mar. Australasian Life .. Australian Alliance. Southorn Insurance Victoria Life & Gen, Victoria Fire & Mar, StrSCELLANKOUS. Aust. Fast. Invest.. Aerated Bread Bendigo TVatorwork Gipps Lnd. Steam N. Hob.IiayR.SoaBath MolbournoExch'ngo Ovens Waterworks. Qucdong Copper . Studloy Park bridge Victorian loo RAILWAYS. Mclb.äsIIob.BayTJd. Sand., Inglew., and Loddon Dis. Tram. Closing Frico*. & 7I-7Ï 40s.-52i. SHS, 404-414 38J-301 40-41 V1-7J 3}-l OH! 7ä-8 35s. -38s. I2js-18ès \- -10». 213.-263. 303.-313. 23-30 MONTHLY SHIPPIKO AND FREIGHT BEP0BT. Mr. S. De Beer reports : Considerable animation lias charactorisod tho business dono In freights to England during tho post month, and tho tlrniuois referred to in my last ad- vices of 27th ult., por Madras, aB being evinced by consignees, has not only boon fully sustainod, but within tho last few days has led to un ad vaneo of ono eighth being established ; tho current ratos for wool being now ¿d. por pound for groaay, and fid. for scoured. Tho rocolpts of wool from tho intorlur havo been upon an extensivo scale, and an oogor doslro has boen shown by shippers to havo it afloat, so ns to roach tho market lu timo for tho London February sales. Notwithstanding that a considerable number of shipB-destined on arrival to take tho berth for England-aro ovorduo, tho largo quantltlo« of wool yet to bo received in town averts any necessity for a reduction on preBont ratos of freight, all that is re- quired to maintain so deslrablo a state of matters boh g tho exorciso of a little prudouco and unanimity on thepart of consignóos. Thodtipiirturesduringthomonth havo been unusually numerous, no less than twelve Blilps, all of largo tonuugo,and willi full cardóos, haying cleared at this port and Goolong, embracln" the . Kosolusko, Charlot of Faino, Sussex, Giant's Causo way, Sarah Grico, Star of Poaco, Mediator, and Bal- larat, from tho former; and tho Lady Egldla, Lightning, Goorgo Thompson, and Lanarkshire, from Oeelong. Tho berth is now occuplod by tho IVhlto Mar, Auglosoy, Essex, Urueo, Rod Kovor, Annio Wil- son, Wimmera, tho American ship Tanjoro, Red Jockot, and the screw stoamcr Salamander. Tho lnttor ship be- longs to this port, mid has hitherto boen omployoil in the cattlo trado with neighbouring colonies, which, however, has of lato booomo much slackened. Originally this vessel was tho largo American full clipper Bhip Kato Hooper, nhioh was partially burnt at this port a few years ago, and almost rebuilt by her proeont owners, and flttodwlth auxiliary steam power. With her vory Uno linos and other advantages, It Is anticipated sho will mako an unusually quick run homo. Tho number of passougers who havo oin barked tor England during tho mouth has boon comparatively small, and tho ships more especially adapted for this traillo havo in no lnstanco loft with a full complement. Llko its predecessors for many months past, last mall from India and China brought dull advlcos as to frolghts, and nothing lias boen dono hero in chartering to load at any ports in thoso countries for Europe Thoro, howevor, appear fair prospects of somo business hoing dono during the ensuing threo or four months, as tonnage will bo re- quired for the convcyanco of Indian and Chin» pro duco both for this and neighbouring colonies, but high rates of freight aro not to be lookoj for. Tho British ship St. Vincent, and the French barquo Thetis, engaged horscB to Calcutta at £12 oaol), landod alive, and anothor ship for similar omploymont is wanted. Tho well-known and favourlto ship Monarch, originally bolonging to tho Messrs. Gioon, of Blackwall, aud which recently arrived hore from Auckland willi tho 14th Regiment, proceeds to Hong Kong with Cblncso pasBongera at tho stereotyped rato of £1 por head, and anothor largo ship Is wanted to suc- ceed. Tho Dutch brig Koorlor has been chartered to load guaro at Maldon iBlaud for a port in Tasmania, at 40s. perton. Coal frolghts, Newcastle to China, aro again a shade bottor, 24s. for Hong Kong and 32s. for Shanghai being readily givon, and at thoso rates a moderate amount of tonnago has boen placed. Ships aro also wanted for Han Francisco, at 28s. To Molbourno tho rato cannot bo quoted hlghor than 15s. In frolghts to tho Now Zealand ports no chango worthy of noto has occurred, and thoro is still hut little doing. Groat fears aro entortalned respecting tho safety of tho American ship, Gonoral Graut, which loft this for London on tbo ard May, with a valuable cargo of pro- duce, and by last advices had not arrived at bor desti- nation, nolthor bad anything boon heard of lior, not- withstanding sho had boon out ovor 160 day» ; SIBO, as to tho Jacrnol Packot, fromSlngaporo to this port, and which passed Anjer on 2nd Soptombor, but not board of since. The cargoes of both vossols aro insurod boro. The only salo of shipping effected during the month is that of the tug 'steamer Dispatch, but tho amount realised for hor has not transpired. NOTES FBOM THE SEA. GALE IN HOBSON'S BAT.-THE CHARIOT OF FAME.-The strong southerly gales which raged in the bny during the greater part of Tuesday, the 13th inst., did not materially abate until an early hour the following morn- ing. Heavy rain fell daring the night, and as it continued the wind gradually lessened. Its force tested in no small (logreo the strength of the cables of tbo ships riding at anohor, but all except the Chariot of Fame successfully withstood it. This vessel had lost an anohor and seventy fathoms of chain in the course of the day, and about eleven o'clock at night Bbo parted from her remaining unchor, and was drifting among the vessels In her vicinity. Blue lights wero burned and rockets eeht up from the ship, and the harbour authorities, having apprised the stoam-tugs Resoluto and Sophia of the emergency, these steamers at once got under weigh, and succeeded in gotting the Chariot of Fame towed in safety alongeids tho Ballway Pier, Williamstown. It may be mentioned that the steam-tugs, in anticipa- tion of Borne such casualty to the ships at anohor, were quite in readiness to put off. The damage done to shipping and boats during the gale was not nearly BO extensive as In previous galos In the bay. On Tuesday evening, two of the crew of the ship Andrew Jackson, lying at tho Railway Pier, Sand- ridge, wero unfortunately drowned. Oao of them lost his life after succeeding In Baving that of anothor man, A carpenter got his leg broken by the chain of tho ship Monarch. Tho claim put forward by the owners of tho steam-tugs (Messrs. Norton and (Jraliam) for salvage, amounts to fivo per cant, on £130,000, the valuo of the ship and cargo. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Monday Evonlng. In tho import markets during the month now past a considerable amount of buslnoss has boon done, Inmost cosos at Improved rateB. Bulk alos havo mot with hut a slow sale. Bottled Btouts have boen In bettor demand. In bagging (cornsacks) thoro has boon llttlo dono, and woolpacks arc quito neglected. Candios, owing to a temporary scarcity, havo advancod in prlco. Cboml cals havo improved in valuo. In coffeo sales havo hoon mado on caslor torms. Confectionory bos boon in fair request. Fish is steady. Currants aro lower. Broadstutls and llkowlso feeding grains havo Bomo what recovered from tholr depressed condition. Blasting powder is still heavy. Hops are quiet, but malt baa this week beon somewhat exalted. Morals are exceedingly Inactivo. 01U of all doaarlptkra« cloao heavy. Oilmen's stores have boon sold to a con- siderable extent, but prices show no Improvement. Provisions, bains, and bacon, havo attracted some notlco. Rico has been largely dealt lu. Of sugar, some 24,000 bags have found buyors. In toas, as likewise Umber, large operations havo takon place. ? In dark brandlos and gonoya speculative transactions bave taken place. Ale and Stout,-In this market, business through- out the month has boen freo from any excitement, notwithstanding lu being noll known that stocks have become io much reduced of alt tho favourite brands as to rnako it amattor of certainty that supplies mast run short beforo the now season boor eau arrlvo hero, and that for two months at least attention will have to bo dlrocted towards colonial ales to niako up the deficiency. During the mouth «aloa havo boon limited, to the mero supply of trade requirements, at £7 toe No. 3 Bass's ale, with an occasional silo of a Ofty-hhi. parcel at within a fraction of our quotation in addi- tion. Allsopp'a has mot with vory fittlo notico at £8 10s., tho high character of this brand notwithstanding. Tho stock of Marrian's has been reduced to Within, twenty hhds., for which £8 is wanted. Tho Carlisle Company's has boon quitted at £7 to £7 6s. ; sales, however, havo only been moderate. The Colonial Company's has ruled at £0, but stocks havo bcoa toa much reduced to admit of any largo transactions. Tho Trent Browcry Company's ale has boen in roquost at up to £010s., according to quantity. Scotcn ale has been in slow sale at £6 lOi. Tho demand for bulk: stout has boon of a moderato character. Of Taylor, Wnlker,-.and Co.'«, only vory trlfllug sales, at £0 16a., havo como under our notlco. Ono or two parcols ol Whltbread's havo mot with buyors at £0 10s. Salo s oí tho Artillery Browcry Company's have boon effected at £7 to £7 5s. A few small parcols of the Lion Brewery Company's stout have also boen moved off at £0 16s. Tho season has been too coid and backward to admit of much Inquiry for bottled ales. Tho trade dono bas lu consequence been insignificant, with the exception of Toimeut's, for which a fair demand has existed at 0s, Od, for Bound, while at a clearing sale of faulty, damaged, anil broken, about 700 casKa wore quitted at 7s. i all faults. Tbo other flrst-olaas brands have been moved oil slowly, at St. 1JU. to 9s. 8d. for Blood's. Arrol's has realised 9s. to Di. ljd. Bass's triangle has boon sold at 9s. Allsopp'« has bean quitted at 8s. Od, Mulr's and Prostonpaus have been deposed of at 8s. Od. to 8s. Od. ; and tor considerable parcols of outside brands, 7s. Od. to 8i. had to bo ac- cepted beforo any progress could bo unido In effecting sales. Bottled stouts havo met with a fair amount or attention, and in many instances a slight concession ou tho rates rultug tor small parcols has been the means of leading to somo rather heavy parcels chang- ing hands. Pig stout has been ¡u steady request at 10s. Od. Henry White and Co.'s lins couunandod 10s. 3d. Blood's haB met with a roady salo at 10s. 8d., shipments as thoy carno forward bolng eagerly pur- chased at tills rate. Arrol's has boen disposed of at 9s. Od. Burke'a has boon wanted at 10s. Maohoa's has been sold at 9s. 3d. to 0s. Oil., according to quantity, a shade less monoy having boen takon lor a shipment of 800 coses. Bold In a lluo. Dunphy'« has been brought very little under our notlco. Wo do not quoto over 9s. for this brand. Byass's lias been in fair request, chiefly on speculation, at 8s. Od., 8s.' 7jd., and 8s. Od. A bhlpnioct of 1,000 cases of Illbbert's was placed at 8s. Od. About a thousand Casus Lion brand, Kdniond's bottling, with somo ditli culty was disposed of at S3. 3d, to 8s. 4Jd. Bagging.-Little or no business lias transplrod in Dunuco goods worth roforring to. Gornsacks having; been bold very firmly at 13s. öd. by thoso who havo tho heavier portion of the stock lu the market, no progress has boon made in tho way of Bales. Somo lather heavy oidors havo beon in the markot at 13s., which In consequence have had to bo hold over, and only a fow outalde lots, qulttod at prices ranging from 13s. to 18s. Od., conslltuto tho bulk of transactions. Tho season for woolpack* boluc; almost ovor, the de- mand has boen confined to Bupplomontlng purchasos mado early in the Boason, by providing for what may yet bo rtqulred beforo tho soaso» is closed ; and boldeis having shown a desire to moot buyers In pre- ference to retaining stock for auothor season, prices havo declined from 3s 7d. to S3. 3d. Calcutta packs havo been sold at 3s. Gunny bags aro boglnulug to bo Inquired for, though not at vory oiicouraglup; prices. A parcel of noariy 100 bales was sold at 7s. 0d. Boots and Shoos.-Considerablo transactions havo ' taken place lu this market. By uuctlou, 131 packages boots aud shoos wero offorod on 30th ulc The attond niioe of tile trodo was- good, aud the prices roalised wero highly satisfactory. Thoy aro as follow ¡-Men's wellingtons brought 11B. Od. to 14s.,- do. do., 9s. Oil. to 12s. Od. ; men's kid E.S., 8s. Od. to 18s. 6d. ; do. calf slippers, 2s. lid. to 4s. ; do. watertight», 10s. ; youth»' E.H., 0s. to 10s. Cd. ; do. half wellingtons, Us. to 11s. ; womou's cashmore, 4s, 7d. to 6s. ; do. kid U.S., 0s. Od. to 7s. Od. 150 packagos of James Davies and Sou's vroro quitted tho aauio weok at full markot rates. Largo sales wero effected during the week ending 19th. On the 12th inst. 1,029 packagos boots and shoos woro offered by public sale :-Men's calf wellingtons brought 10s. Oil. to 16s. Od. ; do. calf balf-woillngtons, 9s. to 12s. ; do. E.8. boots, S3. Od. to 16s. ; do, bluchers, fis. to 8s, Od. ; do. water tlghts, 7s. Od. to 10f. ; womon'a kid, E.S., M.H., 6s. to 8s. Od. ; do. black cashmere, 4s. Od. to 8s. 3d. ; do. coloured do., 4s. to 6s. 0d ; boys' aud youths' halfwollingtons, 7s. Od. to 0s. 3d. ; do. K.8. boots, Os. to 7s, Dd. ; men's calf oxoniaus, 5s. to 7a. ; do. slippers, la. 8d. to 2s, Od. ; womeu's do., Is. 2d. to 2s. ; children's coloured bals., Is, Od. to 3s. Od. ; do. strap shoes, Is. Od, to 2s. ed. On the following day nomo 220 packages of Stead and Simpson's, Bostock'»-, mid James Davies and Sons' woro qulttod at satisfac- tory rates. A salo of boots and shoos, at tho stores of Messrs. J, and J. O. Young, was hold ou tho 14th. There was u largo attendauco of tho trado. Tho fol- lowing piicos »oro obtained ¡-Ladles' kid boots realised 0s. 3d. to 13s. Od. ; do. cashuioro do., 4s. 2d. to 7s. ; children's kid do , 6s. to Os. Oil. ; do. loathor do., copper loos, 8s. Od. to 6s. ; women's loather do., 6e. Id. to 6s. lou. ; do. cloth do., 6s. to 6s. lOd. ; maida' kid and cashmoro do., Os. 3d.,to 6s. Od. Condies.-In tbo cominoncouiont of tho month prices declined to 10Jd. for lull weights, but as It soon became evident that supplies woro not equal to tho demand, prices bogan to bardon, and though buyors hold off on ascertaining tho largo quantity advlsod by tho September mall as coming forward, stocks on hand wero so exceedingly light as to oauso prices to bo run up to lid., which has latoly boon roaiisod for Do Roubaix. During tho last fortnight Balos on tho spot have boon mado at K'Jd. for Brandon and do Roubaix, and eales to arrive by the Pride of the Ocean and other vessols have boon mado at lOJd. to lid. The market closes firm at 10-Jd. for good braudi, lid. for Do Roubaix, and lljd. for tho NuvaCompany's. Cetnont.-Tlio market has presented na now foaturo of IntoreBt ; trado has boon qulot, aud as tho bulk ot tho stock has boen in tho hands of tho trado, no trans- actions worth rocording havo boou mado public Second brands of Fortland have boon quitted at lrjp. Od. ; favourite brands have roaiisod 17s. Od. to 16s. American plastor has remained at 21s. to 22s. ; the only shipment lu tho markot of 300 barrols was placed some time sgo at 20s. (.hondeáis.-Tho market is Arming, and somo items found to bo vory scarco havo been forced up to high figures. Soda crjBtals, after declining to £8, im- proved again, Bales having boon mado sluco at £3 6s. Carbonato of soda advanced to 80s., aud subsequently to 35s. Caustic soda is in slow Balo at £24. Cream of tartar is saleable at Is. 8Jd., but stocks of tartadc acid having run out, prices havo gono up to 2s. 5d. Flour of sulphur has boon disposed of lu quantity at £19 10s., and, In trado parcols, brings 21s. to 22s. For prepared opium thoro is but a moderato demand at 25s. por tin. Chicory,-Transactions during tho month havo boon light; for best Imported brands wo quota 2jd. in bond. At auction parcols have been quitted, duty paid, at 4Jd. Coffee. - In this staplo operations havo not boon extensivo, and though tbo trado prico for plantation has been steadily maintained at lOJd. to lo&d.; ; it bas only bean by accoptiug of tully a penny loss that holders havo beon enabled to got rid of quantities. Tho stock is not excossivo, and according to ordinary calculation will barely last tho season out. Several flvo and six-ton parcols of plantation havo boon placod at Old. The balance of a shipment ex Eliza Goddard (twelve tons) was also quitted at a similar figure. Sales of Java havo boon mado at 8Jd. to Did,, accord- ing to quantity. A shipment, por Armistice, was dis- posed of on ptlv-to terms. Nativo Oo,, Ion, bolng scarco, has proportionately commanded, hottor prices than other qualities ; as much as Sjd. was obtained for a shipment of eight touB. Manilla tho markot Is quito baro of, but there aro no Inquirios for this descrip- tion. Confectionery.-The demand has been'light, and most of the larger parcels got rid of havo gono through the .auction mart. Keillor's assorted confections, in lib. tins, wero disposed of at Hid. ; 141b. tins, how- ever, havo not roalised over lOd. For Wotherspoon's assorted wo quoto 0.3d. Jujubos have boon disposed of at Hid. to 12d. Candied pool has beou quitted to n fair oxtout at Old. for orange, lOJd. to lOJd. for lemon, and Is. Id. tor citron. Cordage-llio business done In tills markot par- takes greatly ot a rotuli character, calos in almost all instances bolng of trifling oxtout. For Manilla, large sizes, wo quote £60 ; and for small and medium alzos, £65. Engllsh-mado Manilla, patent thrco strand, le quoted £63. Victorian manufactured ii dlsposod al at £67 for largo, and 7d. per lb. for small sizes. Bus ulan cordsgo is sold lu tiilllug lots at £02. Comnior Europo tarred ropo Is not salcablo avon at £30. Bongo. Unes aro valued at £80 to £40. loaming twluci rcaliso from lud. to 12Jd., and up to 13d. Fish.-Tho market is a shade Dreier. Ling is Bala able at Ed. White herrings, in half-barrolB, aftoi dropping to 31s., aro again" stoady at 33s. to 33s. Od. a shipment of Arkins was quitted at Ds. 3d. Halvoi sardines havo declined to 8s. HA. aud 9s, ; quarton have boou quitted at 6s. to 6s. 3d. lib. herrings orr scarco, and wantod oven at 8s. to 8a. fld. Bad hor riners, in tins, brlug 81s. to 32a. Of lib. salmon tin markot Is onco moro barely supplied, and prices bavi advanced to 10s. Od. for ordinary, and 17s, fld. to 18s for host brands, lib. lobstors aro lu slow salo at 7s Od. to 8s, lib. oysters aro dlsposod ot at 10s. te 10B. Cd. Fruit.-Dried fruits, with tho oxcoptlon o( currants aro tcarco. Currants, from an oxcoss of shlpmouts, ar< declining-for best quolitlos wo cannot quote over 4d. while sales of medium qualities havo boon made al 8Jd. to 83d., and one sblpmont of 009 barrels wai quitted at 3d. Klomo raisins havo boen Bold al low as Did. In bond, but are now worth over Od. Balos ol muscatol have ramrod from 7d. to 8d. Sultana ralslm have boon qulttod at 8Jd. Latost Balos of Turkoj figs havo boon effected at 6d. to 6| assorted boxes, havo been sold at Old. to 7d. " Flour and Grain.-Tho market for broadstnffa hal somowhat recovered from a condition of completo pros tratlon noted last month, and a considerable arnoun of business, at Improved rates, ha» sinos .boon done tho month closing with a Arm markot at £18110s. ti £14 for best brandB of Adolaldo town flour, £12 10s to £13 for country brands-an advanco of 20a. t' 30B. per ton ; £10 10s. for Chilian, and £1 10s. for Californian. Wheat In Uko manner h» partaken of this improvomont. Chilian has gou up 7d. per husliol, Californian Od., and Adolald and Fort MsoDonuell in a similar proportlor For tho first-named wo quoto 4s. 10d., and fe tho others 6s. 8d. to 6s. lOd. Tho following sall wore effected In tho course of tho month :-The woo ending 6th Novoinbor was characterised by a tot want of animation. About 160 tons of flour we 'dlspOBOd of by auction on the 80th ult., at £1117 ed. for Adelaide town brand», while the rates accopti for country brands at Bamo timo raiiKod from £1 Ta. Od. to £10 12s. Od. Wlro- drcasoa Adolaldo al Victorian mado flours wero qulttod at £8 16s. to £ About 4,000 bushels Adolaldo wheat wore placed i 6s. and 6s. lid., and Bmall lots at »p to 6s. 8d. Po MaoDonnoll wheat was Bold at 6s. 8d. Soiuo 2,01 buBhols Chilian realised ia. GA In sound oondltloi Tho forolgn arrivals oompiliod tha Siam, iro California, via Sydney.- with 6,92! aaom wheat at 4,000 quarterbacks flour; and the «arrian, ira Chili, with 20,000 busheb wltent. Toi«. UUoroMï however, -was sold some timo previous, to arrlvo. The Frances Henty, which came in the week before from Chili, cleared out for a foreign port with hor entire cargo of breadstuffs Intact. Tho following ?week/ending 12th instant, somo 2S0 tons Adeiaido town and country brands flour found buyers, at £12 to £1210s. for the former, and £11 for the lattor. TVirc-droBsed was quitted at £9. French flour, in barrels, was placed at 25«. The demand for wheat met with a corresponding improvement ; Adolaido, in parcels o! 2,000 bashols In a Uno, changed hands at 6;.,' and smaller lots at up to 6s. 8d. The Slam's cargo -was nil sold to within a couple of thousand bushels ; 6,000 bmhols wero placed at 4s. 10 jd. not, tbe balanco being hold for moro money. About 3,090 bushels of the same wheat woro also resold at 6s. ljd. A good trade demand was llkowtso oxporlenced for Chilian' at 4s. Od. The Brewster, from Valparaiso, with 1,470 bags wheat and 0,600 bags flour, arrived «pt Sydney on tL"> 8th Inet. The wook onding 10th InsUni tho market prose^'ed » moro dooidoiiy ipi. proving tendency. On the 18th, by publto salo, Butterworth's flour was disposed oí «t £Ui P>3. Hart's was Boiling all tbo wook vory freely tit, £18; no largo sales woro, howover, effectua till the Otb, when about 100 tons in a line woro placed at £12. Fifty tons of Chilian flour wero quittod at about £10 6s. For wheat tho demand increased "materially. Chilian, in 2,000 bushel parcols, was freely disposed al at 4s. Od. Salos of Fort Mao .XJouncii ana iaeiaieio wnoat, in pateéis of similar extent, wore also effected at 6s. 81. ; and tb6 balanco s of tho Californian wheat ex Siam (3,000 buahols) fourd a purchaser at 6s. Towards the closo of the week some heavy transactions woro ponding ; but of those tomo 10,000 and 6,000 bushels Chilian, in two linot, at 4s. 3d., wero only concluded for. Ko arrivals of foreign broadstuffs carno to hand horo during tbo week. At Sydney, howover, shipmonts dropped In. The SunBhlne, with 280 tons wboat, and tho Bertha, with 7,000 sacks breadstuffs, from California, wero amongst thoso tolographcd. This wook transactions reported aro still heavier, sales of Chilian having com- prised a parcel of 84,000 bushels in a lino, and ono of 17,000 bubhcls, at equal to 4s. 8d. not cash, while Cali- fornian was sold at 6s. 8d. A shipment of 2,000 bushels Adelaide brought 5s. 8d. ; 3,000 bushe's Chilian wero quitted at 4s. 8d , and 2,000 bushels at 4s. lOd. From Sydney, on 28rd, wo learnt of the arrival of tho Woodland, with 600 tonB of whoat, barley, ¡and oats, her dates from San Francisco being -*.» O0»i,1 Bnntamlw»i- T?onHl-.. -«.I--»-. »i , . i. r .u ---- _.,...-_-.. - »--..ig K-...UO ttiso snow an im- provement towards tbo closo of tho month. Cali- fornian oats havo boon sold In considorablo quan- tities at 8s. Od, but tho prico bos since advanced to 4s. Colonial oats doolincd to 4s.'8d.,'but are firm airain at 4s. Od. Barley has been disposed of to a fair extent, but at most unsatisfactory rates, ranging from 2s. 9d. to 3s. 80. Maize, aftor tailing to 3s. lOd. to 3s. lid., advanced afterwards, and is now quoted Is. 4Jd. to 4s. Od. Bran has rulod at Is. 6d. to Is. 6d. Colonial oatmeal has realised £20. Scotch oatmeal bas boon quittod at £18 to £10. Poarl barloy, Scotch, has neon disposed of at £2110s. to £22. Gunpowder.-Tho market, though low, has not at-, traded much notice, owing to heavy Blocks anli traders not having much confldonco in the der^gjg in shlpmonts continuing for any length of tl^ TrllI() parcels of common brands aro placod Rt "ga. to 6id. ; Halmes' roaliscs 6Jd. HopB.-Tho markot has lrfeen nutot ; g0norally speaking, the demand 1^, uoon ]llmt0(i t0 moro trade requirements, v,ltll> in addition, a fow largor purchases of ar&ut; eighty pockets, severity pookots, fifty pocket;, and forty pockots In a lino. Prices havo JVflged. ¡rom Is. Od. to Is. 8d. for medium, and Is. Od. to. IB. lid. for fino qualities '06's ; 1868 hops have been sold at Is. Id. Malt.-For want of arrivals, the market has boon quiet for tho greater part of tho month ; of late au ovidont inclination on tbo part of tho largor dealors to ptirchaso more oxtonsivoly has been ovlucod, but not until this weok has any decided notion boen taken ; and as stocks in first hands havo boon found too insigni- ficant to moot requirements, prices havo boon run up from 0s. to 10s., at which two bins have been quitted, and larger quantities could also havo boon placed at a similar figure. Offers to arrivo of Os. Gd. havo beon freely made, but tbls being a figure that does not poy, Importers aro not anxious to quit. Metale.-ino tone of this markot shows no improve- ment. Fig iron has dcclinod considerably. The larger holders ask £410s., and ret uso to soil under ; but small parcols havo heos forced off as low as £4. Galvanised Iron has remained unaltered, with prlcos of Scotch 24, 20, and 28 gauges ranging from £24 to £20 and £28. English ordinary brands, 20 gaugo, h»Vo realised £28 10s. and £20. Hoop Iron moots with a fair inquiry for reliable sizes at £13 to £13 10s. A good demand Is maintained for sheet iron at £13 to £13 10s., inquiries being quito up to supplios coming forward. Bar and rod iron command trado notice at £10 to £11. With boiler platos tho markot is largely supplied, and sales are dllhuult to maleo at quotations of £12 6s. to £12 16s. Fencing wiro lo in ordinary request at £12 to £14 for Kos. 4, 6, and O rollod. Drawn wiro is scarco and wanted ; for MOB. 7 and 8 we quote £17 and £18 10s. to £18 and £10, according to brand«. Loads obtain little or no attontion, at £27 for sheet and pipo ; a somewhat lower figuro would draw out Bpoculativo buyers. Shot rcmalus nominal, at £27. Tin plates come forward moro freely, but qudtations still remain at 85s. to 40s. advance With hollowaro the market is heavily stocked, and quotations aro nominal at 86 por cont. off list. Ewbank's nails are steadily disposed of at ?16 per cent, and 17} per cont. off list. American cut nails, according to size, rulo at 22s. to 28a. American ?hardware being more trooly supplied again, is not so -activo ; for COIIUIB'S hoavy axes wo quote 72s. Ud. ; .Colllns's and Sharpo'a hoavy picks command 65s. ; ?Ames's L. H. shovels aro saleable at 60s. Bay's D. ?. bring 40B American pallB aro in slow salo, at 0s. to 9s. Od. ; and tubs, at 13s. to 13s. Od. 011B.-Business has boon quiot, and ovon koroseno, tbo only description which has given any sign» of vitality, has not sbowa much activity. Early In tho month'tbo arrival of tbo Tanjoro and Malta, with »bout 10,000 cosos, created au uneasy feeling, aud, fearing a decline, tho largor pat cols weis quickly passod off at 8s. (lid. to 8s. l}d. for Cozzon'e and DowBfr's ; slnco then, howover, the market has boon steadier, host brands being disposed of, in trade lots, at 8s. 2d. to 8s. Bd., and second brands at 8s. More attention has boon directed towards castor, owing to tbo arrival of the Thetis with a considerable sblpmont ; sales havo beon inado, in quantity, at 4s. 3d. and up to 4s. fid. Linsocd towards the o'.oso or tho month presents an easier aspoct, tho hoavy Bhlpmonts ad- vised having had a most prejudicial effect on tho market. Bulk haB declined to 4s. Id., and drums bave boon quitted at 4s. ljd. Colza and olivo aro extrcmoly heavy, tho formor is nominally quoted £s. Od. in drums, and 6s. in bulk ; the latter roallBos fis. 0d. in wood, and Os. 3d. in drums. Chinóse U low in stock ; we quoto CB, Oilmen's Storos.-A fair amount of business has beon transacted In storos, tho wookly saloB having boen tho means of drawing off about 0,000 casos, at , prices -which hardly show any Improvement on last month's quotations. Tho following ratos woro realised at this week's publio sale :-Butty's pint pichica were placed at 7s. Od. ; Borvoy and Dovltt's ÎIchica brought 0s. 3d. ; Orlontal pickles sold at 10s. ; larnCB's pickles at 6s. 10Jd. ; and Hemmings' at a Uko figuro; quart Balad oilu brought 23s.; O. and.B.'s decantor Balad oils, 17s. to 18s. : Batty'a docantor, No. 1, plain, bold at 6s. Od. ; No. 8, plain, at 14s. Od. ; Mo. 8, gilt, at 11s. ; and Mo. 2, gilt, at 17s. 3d. ; Francis's pints woro placod at Os. »Id., and half-pints at Es. 10 Jd. ; Fowor's half pints Isold at 0s. to 0s. OJd. ; Column's bluo has boon quitted at bjd. to Od. : bluo starch has beon sold at 4Jd , and whlto starch was dis- posed of at 4M. ; arrowroot has realised Od, ; assortod sauces havo boon placed at 4s. Od. ; half-pint saúcos havo been quitted at 0s. 10Jd. Coopsr and AVOB' half-pint enpors roallaod Os. Od. For O. and B.'e potted meats, 10s. 6d. was bid Ginger, wholo and brown, was placod at Od. and 7Jd. Quart vinegar waa disposed of at 0«. 4Jd. Blacklead realised 24s. Brown Windsor soap sold at Sd. Bor wick's baking powder at 8d. Korr'B mustard, at 7Jd. INE matchee at3s.4}d. Bay and Martin's largo bottles, at 10s. Sd. Black poppor, ox Armistice, was quittod al Sjd. Sago brings 2Jd. to 2}d. ProvlBioiiB.-Hams and twoon, which, in tho oarlj part of tho month, woro entirely neglected toward; tho closo, obtained somo notice. Ovor 400 casos o Sinclair's hnms and bacon and Varoy's hams wore quittod this wcok at 13d., and holders now ask 14d. rot using to sell undor. Clicoso has boon dlsposod o: to a lair extent at lid. to 12d. and 12Jd. Quicksilver.-This anido is in moro request, one sales aro inado at a shado Iiighor ratos : to arrivo one on tho spot ehlpmcnts havo boon placod of lato a1 2s. 2d. Elco.-Tbls product shows a marked Improvement In tho bogtnning of November tho Thetis arrivei with about 400 tons ; tho quality of this cargo provee much suporlor to those of tho St. VInoent and Laugh ing Wator. Shortly aftorwards tbo first move lo thi market took placo by the wholo of the fino doscrlptlor changing hands on prívalo torras, and tho samo w«o] somo forty tonB of damagod, ox St. VIncont, woro soli at £17 for slightly, and £10 for badly damaged, whlli a hundred tonB of Java, Bound, at samo timo realise« £2116s. Tho following wook 160 tons Patna, ox St Vincent, brought from £23 to £24, aocording te quantity, and subsequently somo 260 tons, tho balanci of tho shipment, were resold on torms withhold. At i later poriod, about 100 tonB of this lattor purchasi wero resold in trado parcols, at an advance Thi week 200 tons, anothor shlpmont by til" St. VIncont -waa cleared off at a prico not disclosed, out said to hi at somewhat under £23. Tho markot closes atoad' .. at £21 to £24 10s. asked for small lots of median qualities, and up to £20 to £27 for tho finer doscrip , tlOUB. fiait.-Tho markot has boon without animation , trado salos only being effeotod at up to £3 15s. fo coarto, and £6 to £6 6s, for fino. Soft Goods.-Thoro has boon no improvomont ii this branch during tho past month, notwlttiBtandlnj the favourable BOWS recoivod by tho last mall, i trônerai depression pervades both the wholosalo am retail trados. Light summer goods havo boon Bold n prlcos which leave a considorablo loss to tho Importen especially fanoy dress matorUls, clothing, io. Frlnti calicoes, and othor kinds of cotton goods havo also, 1 coniequenco of tbo largo quantities importod, boo sold at ox t rom ely low prices. The retail buslnosB ho teen vory dull, especially in Iho agricultural dlstricti the drought and speculation in land having ire povorlshed tbo farmors, whilst tbo maula for mlnln (eharos which has provailod for tho past few montri , has operated mott Injuriously on trado gonoralli .«specially in ooft goods. A considorablo time mui elapse boforo the markot bocomes right and sount .«ven should Uro Importa fall off. Should thoy cor tlnuo at tho ovccaslve roto tbey havo boon for som time past, great losaos must necessarily acoruo to Irr jjortcrs. On tho 7th InBt., 230 packages of clothinf tbo manufacture of Mossrs. S. and B. Bonjamlc London, woro offered by auction. Tho attondanco t huyors waa good, and the prices realised wera a .follow :-lion's doo and twood suits brought 25s. t v 48s. ; do. do. sacs, 14a. Od. to 22s. ; do. alpaca do., 0< .Sel. to 7s. 0d. ; do. doo end twocd trourors, 0». 8d. t 30s, ; do. do. and vesta, IDs. to 18s. ; do, do. and vestí fit. to 7B. 3d. ; do. Bedford cord trousora, 12s. Od. t 16e. ; boya' and youths' suits, 22s. to SE». ; do. do trousers, 6s. 8d. to 7s. ; do. Knickorbockor suits, 0s to 11s. Printeel calicoes wero disposed of at fron «3d. to 7Jd. ; white cotton hoso, from 8s. Sd. to 0s CO.} .men's brown cotton half-hote, 4s. Sd. to 7s. -men's .brown cotton pants, at 20s. to 23s. ; under -shirts, Xrom 12s. to 21». Longclolh realised from ed to7d. J undressed hollinas, 7Jd. to 8jd. ; fanoydrcs -atu/rn, from 4id. to sjd. ; fancy tweed trouserings irom Se. Sd. to is. : mon's Leghorn lilts, from Is. lid -' .to 4s. Od. ; maids' and ladies' Leghorn hats, is. 3d. is,, fis. Od., As. 2d. Sugar.-The markot has been largely supplied. During tho first wook of the month not loss thai 19,000 bigs arrived at tho port by the Adriatic am tho Duchess of Lanoaster, from Mauritius, and tin Veno from Java. During this sams weok, howovor very little business carno under our notice ; but oi the 6th Inet. the Stair's Java sugar waa disposed of n auction; 606 boikots and 4,600 matt wero offered Low ration brought £2316s. and £24 ; yellow tugs. .realised 27B. Od. ; grey counters realised 829. to 82s. 8d. ; and white crystals sold at £39 to £39 10s. On the day following, tho cargo of the Isabella Hörens, from Mauritius, consisting of 6,886 bags Mauritius sugar, was offered by public auction, and tho wholo disposed of at-26s. for rations ; 20s. Od. to 81s. 8d. for low to medium counters ; 82s. to 33a. for good do. ; 34s. for fine do. ; 82s. to 83s. for low to good medium crystals ; 80s. to 86s. Od. for finest do. ; 38s. to 40s. for good to fine white do. There was a fair attendance of tho trade, and the bidding generally oxbibited somo brisk- ness. Tho prices realised in most casca supported the rotes previously current, butsomocrystals were Bllghtly easier. About 2,000 bags grey crystals were placed privately at pricesBUpportlngauctlon rates, £34 to£30. On the 12th instant the cargo of the Adriatic, from Mauritius, consisting of 6,310 bags sugar, was offered, the auctioneers succeeding In selling 8,064 bags, at from 29B. to S0B. Od. for browns, 32s. to 82s. Od. for medium yollows, 83s. to 34a. for good to due do., 37s. to 38s. Od. for middling to good whlto crystals. These prices baroly sustain last sala rates. The attendance was good, but tho'biddinga throughout were ontlrely dovoidof animation. On-tho 18th 1,200 bags, dis- used of publicly, roaiisod £30 6s. to £32 for counters, and ¿"3 10s- ior yol'ow crystals. On tho 14th, amoDPs't n¿*** private sales, 1,800 bags of brown a$of74a U. .«sé-a SÄ î.uj i.uuu bags of which, no«,-..., .. Groy countersroallsed 82s., and yellow crystals 34s. Od. On tbo 21st the cargo of tho Salada, from Mauritius, I and balance of tho Egean's cargo, cousisting of 4,803 bags sugar, wera offered for sale. Tbo auctioneer dis- posed of 3,423 bags, at 20s. for rations ; 31s. Od. to 82s. Gd. for low to medium counters ; 88s. to 33s. Cd. for good do. ; 82s. to 84s. Od. for yollow crystals ; 37s. fld. to 40a. for low to good whlto do. Tho wholo could have been placed ou a Blight concession on these prices, but Importers would not glvo way. The ratea obtained established an advance on most sorts of from 10s. to 20s. over last sale. 400 boga groy countera wero placed privately at £32. Salos of crushed loaf, at £44 to £40 10s., wero also effooted. Tea.-Messrs. J. Curie Robertson an¿ rjo. report of this market as follows :-" Oor^idgriog tho largo quantity of toas that hay; "een iout to our 00ionies. ¡tis eurnrU.ogumt tho market has kept so Arm and healthy as li has doun during the month, and can only he accounted for by the Arm attitudo takon by im- porters in not pressing sales, which, has hid. tho effect of bringing into the markot buyers who were holding off for lower ratea. The oargoes which havo arrive! and those known to bo coming are quito sufficient for our wanta. Tho teas Bent this yoar aro very suitable for the trado. Wo have mado six valuations of cargoes of tho now season teas on behalf of importers, and consider that genorally the teas aro inferior In make to tb.-o&e; of last year, although possessing equal quality \a liquor. Some of tho brown and reddish loaf klnCd como out vory well, and although not now properly approciated by tho trade, will in time, «hen their prejudice against leaf is overcome. Dust and sittings up to good ordinary havo boon lu veiy good demand, and fetch, in comparison with finer teas, very good prices, particularly in half-Oliosts, which havo boen moro inquired after «ban chests. Pilcos have ranged from lOd. for dust to 1B. to Is. 2Jd. for ordinary brokon and' dusty to good ordinary. Common to good common congous have also mot with ready salo, both in cheats and halves, but particularly tho latter, and Is. 3d. to Is. 6d. has boen obtained. Medium to good medium havo boen In fair demand at from la. 6jd. to 1B. 8d. Blackish and reddish loaf kinds, strong and ilavoury, have been placed at Is. Sid. to Is. lud., and Uno kalsows at Is. lOJd. to 2s. 21. First-class kalaowa have been sold as high as Ss. per lb. in bond, and ono little lot of very choice, in boxes, fetched 8s. 4d. per lb. In bond, but tills of course is a very outside prico. Scented orango pokoo has been in rather bettor domand, particularly for the long leaf Canton make. Prices havo ranged, for middling to Ano high scented, Is. lOd. to 2s. Id. to 2s. id. Scented orango caper, although not much used, has fetched 2s. to 2s. 2d. for middling to Ano. Green Teas.-The markot being very bare, tbe little that has come to band has been Bold to advantage, 2s. ia. having ¡ been obtainod for a very lndlfforout samplo of gun- powder, the demand bolng so limited as to bo scarcoly worth attontion. Auction Sales.-October 81-Tho cargo ox Ellida, consisting of 1,064 chosts, 2,44d half chests, and 1,647 boxes, waa offered, and although nothing sold under the hammor, tho auctioneer suc- ceeded in placing privately 1,028 half-chests, 373 chests, 800 boxes congou, and 10í boxes 8. O, pokoo, at prices sustaining quotations. November 13 Several odd lots of congou wero offered, ox China and Hyacinth, and were Bold, ordinary at lOJd. to Hid. ; good ordinary to blackish loaf at li. 3d. to Is. 7jd. November 22.-The damaged portion of tho cargo, ex Peru, consisting of 417 packages, was Bold at prices In advanco of our quotations for sound. Tho lota woro small. Arrivals.-To Melbourne-Tho Ecliptic, Boventy-flvo days ; and Blairmore, sovonty-eight days. To Sydney-Dodo, eighty-four days; and Hantlpolo, seventy days. To Adolaldo-Froy, ninoty-four days. All from Foo-chow-foo. Tho dolivorles for the past month havo boen 670,3S41b. against 742,0451b. at tamo time last yoar. Tbo Btock in bond In Moibourne is 8,6S0,0171b. against 1,831,2671b. at ¡mmo timo last year. Our quotations aro as follow (In bond): Congou, broken Foo-cbow, lOd. to lOJd. ; ordinary to good ordinary, lid. tols. 2Jd. ; mixed loaf kinds, |ls. Hd. to Is. 4d. ; do., with llttlo flavour, la. 4Jd. to Is. Od. ; blackish leaf kinds, Is. Sid. to la. Od, ; do. strong. Is. Cid. to Is. 8d. ; do. strong with flavour, le. Sid. to la. lOd. ; do-, kolsow kinds, rather strong, Is. lOd. to Ss. Id. ; do., pokoo-souchong aud pokoo flavour, 2s. Id. to 2s. 3d. ; do., Ano rich pokoo aouchong Aavour, 2s. 4d. to 2s. Od. ; do., very flue do., 8s. ; very low, Sd. to lid. ; souchong, common, none ; middling to fino, nono ; oxtra Ano, nono ; orango pokoo, scontcd ordinary and brokon, Is. 4d. ; do., good to Ano, Is. 8d. to l8. lOd. ; do., finest, 2s. to 2i. ia. ; caper, scented commun to middling, none ; do., middling to Ano, Is. 8d. to Is. lOd. ; do., fluost, 2s. 3d. ; hysonskin, Canton, nominal, fid. to 6d.|; do., true common to Ano, 7Jd. to lOd. ; hyson, common, Od. to Is. ; do., good to Uno, Is. 3d. to Is. Od. ; do., llnost, 1B. Od. to 2s. ; young hy son, Canton and Twaukay kinds, Sd. to Is. Id. ; do., good yollowlsh leaf to Ano bysou flavour, Is. ¡3d. to 2s. Od. ; gunpowdor, Canton, lid. to 2s. ; do., country kinds, 2s. Od. to 3s. ; Im- perial Canton, lid. to Is. 2d. ; de., country kluds, Is. Od. to 2s, Abovo quotations aro at por lb. in bond for chests, boxes boing worth 2Jd. to 3d. per lb. more. Duty on tea in Victoria, 8d. por lb." Timber.-An extensive trade has boon dono in this markot at a satisfactory improvement on forinor ratea. Ou deals an advance of a halfpenny por foot has been established, and bettor prices havo been oho obtained for almost all the lumber Bold. On 30th uH., 610,000ft. rod and whlto Scotch flooring, lll.OûQft. weatherboards, ox Noplor, Anna, aud Andrew Jackson, woro disposed of u follows ..-48,088ft. 6 x li T. and G. whlto floor- ing, 12s. 3d. -and 12s. Od. ; 100,011ft. 6 J. H do. red do., 13s. ; 120,404ft. 0 x J do. red do., 10s. 8d. nut 10s. Od.; 26,047ft. 6 x g do. whlto do., 10s. Od. 10,016ft. 0 x i do. red do., 8s. Od. ; 70,030ft. B x } do whlto do.. 8s. 3d. and 8s. Od. ; 80,324ft. 0 X i do. wblti do., 8s. fld. ; 41,066ft. 6 x J do. white do., 7s. and 7s Sd. ; 78,004ft. 0 x ¡J do. red do,, 6s. Od. ; 21,900ft. four out weatherboards, white, realiBod 9s. ; 50,110ft medium do., red, 7s. Od. ; 29,628ft. six-out do. whlto, 7s. and 7a. 3d. Tho cargoes of sawn Katu pino, per Vistula and Leonidas, of tho following as eortinents, wara likewise qulttod on tho Bama da; at prices ranging from 7s. fld to l61. Od. per IO1 foot -.-881 pieces 11 x 3 Kauri pino, 12 to 20 foo long ; 661 do. Ox 8 do., do. ; 240 do. 8 and 9 x 1 do. do. ; 108 do. 0 x 0 do., 14 to 20 foot long ; 60 do. 10 : 8,12 x 3,12 x 4,12 x 9,14 x 14, do., 10 to 26 feet long 600 do Ox 2, 4 x 3, S X 6, 6 x 4, 8 x 4, 9 x 2, 11 x 2,1 x i, 9 x 0, ko, do., 11 to 20 foot long ; 3,204ft. 21 : 2 Kauri pine, 12 to l8 foot long ; l.SuOIt. 20 x 2 do. 10 to 19 do. ; 000ft. 24 x li do , 20 do. ; 4,060ft. l8 : 2, do., 12 to 20 do. ; 3,000ft. l8 x 1 do., 12 to 10 do. 1,0861t. 9x0 do., 14 to l8 do. ; 2,270ft. 9 x4 do., l81 ' 24 do. ; 1,218ft. 12 x 8 do., 14 to l8 do. ; 8,000ft. 9 : 8 do., 12 to 21 do. ; 9,000ft. 9 x 2i do., 12 to 24 do. 6,100ft. 9x2, do., l8 to 20 do. ; 83,000ft. 0 x 2, 0 x 2, 6 X 3, 7 x 2i, 0 x 4, 6 x 6, ¿a, 12 to 26 do. On th 8th a considerable shipment of lumber, Scotch lloo: ing, and tho cedar, ex Highlander, wero dlsposod 0 the pticoa roalised showing advancod ratos. E Malta, all faults, 100,885ft. whlto pine shelving, sol at £11 5s., £11 7fl. 6d., per 1,000ft. ; 78,030ft. 1 and Q. whlto pino, at £9 7s. Od., £9 12s. Od. pi 1,000ft.; 145,700 4ft. spruco laths roalised 24 por 1,000 ; 1,000 doors, from 10a. to 24s. ox Bruce, 880,871ft. Scotch flooring and woatlio boards, were placod at 0s. Od. to 12s. 9d. por II ft. ; cedar, ex Highlander, Bold at 24a. to 27a. 61 On tho 16th, tho entire cargo of rod deals, ex August was sold, ail faults ; 8,743 pieces woro placod at n avcrago of 5jd. per foot, 9x3; and alao, ex Tanjor all faults, 147,820ft. whlto pino shelving were qultti at £1112s. Cd. and £11 16s. per 1,000ft. ; 76,618ft '. and O. whlto pino brought £0 7B. 6d, to £9 12s. 6 do. ; 66,100ft. Hu. to Oin. clear pino sold at £16 to £ 7s, Gd. do. ; cargo ol cedar, ex Pionoor, waa likewl disposed of, all faults ; 117 logs realised 25s. to 80 Ser 100ft. On tho 20tb, a vory largo Invoice of Scott ooring, ex Gonoral Barry, was dlsposod of under ti hammer ; 200,000ft. weatherboards, four out, roalisi 8B. to 8s. 3d. ; 260,000ft. Jlu. T. and G. roalised 7 Od. ; 118,000ft. Jin. brought 8s. 3d. ; 104,000ft. Jl sold at 10s. Od. ; 180,000ft. ljln. white realised li Od. ; and 178.000ft. red lilli., 12s. Od. to 12s. 0 Llkewlao tho balance of cargoes of lumber, ox Halt Tanjoro, and Kearsage, WSB sold all faults :-40,8471 1 to din. cloar pine, at £16 15s. to £16 12s. fld. p 1,000; 611 ploces 11 x 3 spruce deals, at 4Jd. 4 0-10d. por foot 9x8; 81,000 Whito pino deals, at J 7s. Cd. and £3 10s. per 1,000; 40.000 4ft. laths, at 2i Sd. per 1,000; and 13,130 feet 0J x1 spruco ilooriii at 9B. 8d. por 100. Tobacco.-A vory moderato amount of business h been dono throughout the month ; for though a vo good demand for trado purposes has boon maintains tbo trado dono by lmportors has not beon larr. The Tanjoro, whioh arrlrod on the 4th of this mon has addod largely to stocks, 320 packages of twli besides 400 boxes and 105 eases plug tobaccooa being < board. On D10 29th ult. 160 half-tierces Southe twist, sold on account of whom it may concern, we quitted at 4Jd. to OJri. On tho 7th twenty half-tlorc faulty woro placed at 81d. The day following Barret twist, damagod, was quitted at la. 7d. to 2s., a faulty aromaiio half-pounds brought Is. 4Jd. On t 0th Afty half-llorces twist wero disposed of at Is. 4J to Is. Old, and seventy-five boxes and eases h pounds and tons, in faulty condition, Bold at Od. 1B. 2d., according to condition. On tbo 12th twonl four half-tlorces of sea- damsgod twlstB woro qultt at 8d. to Old. On the 14th 116 packagos wero d pdsod of at la. to 2s. Old. for tons ; Is. Od. wai ( tained for twist, moro or less faulty, and sou realised Is. M. Importai tens wero placed privati al Is. 8d., and fifty boxoi of another brand at Sid. This week tho only shipment of Washington the market, about eighty cases, was placed at a pr withheld ; and sound aromatic halt pounds havo be quitted at about 2s. On the 20th, 310 packaj were offered by auction; tens reallsod Is. 2J sound aromatic sold at 2s.. and faulty at Is. Sd., t the greater part of tho tobacco, owing to tho w< of ,hldding, bad to bo withdrawn. On our tri quotations thoro is llttlo altcratlon;to inako : twla owing to heavy shipments, aro somewhat oasior ; ferior tona and half-pounds aro held for Od. to 9t medium quallttos roallso lOd. to 12d. ; good tens 1 disposed of at 13d. to 16U, and best qualities co maud lud. to 18d. Twists, sound Southern, bri 18d. to 2s. 8d. ; Western reallso lOd. to 14d. Aroma pounds aro worth 18d. to 2s. 3d,, and half-pounds 1 at up to 2s. 8d. Ormond Swiss cigars are nominal 82*. Cd., boing qvito neglected ; Manillas we quota 0 Winos and Spirits.-No Improvement in port sherrie^liae come under our notlco ; operations aro 01 ducted with extreme caution, and only when pare are forced off at auction at low figures can salos .effected. In the beginning of the mouth 160 quart casks low ports and sherries to medium and 11 medium descriptions were qulttod at prices rangi from £16 to £40 and £66 in bond. Light wines ha been inquirod for ; Delnhard'a moselle has been quitt 1 at 4.C». It) ijt' A shipment of tbe Rhenish Sparkll Wine Company's brand, equal to Dolnhard's, ex Essex, has boen placed at 45s. Claret of qualities common to good havo been sold at 20s. to 35s., and 400 casos low claret changed hands at 10s. In spirits a fair business has been dono. Pale brandies have not been so'aatlve, and prices of Martcll's and Hon nosBy's havo declined to 6s. Od. Too dark of these brands attracted spéculative attention early in tho month, when upwards of 300 hhda. changed hands at from Cs. to 0s. Sd., and are now held at 7B One parcel of twenty hhds. old brandy was placed at this figure. For Otard's and Vinegrowers' and O.V.P. wo quote 6s. Od. A Bbipment of Contrai Vinsyard, dark and pale, was sold at 4s. Od. On Hennossy'a coso brandies there is little chango to noto ; on the spot, salos aro limited. Buring tho last week some 2,500 casos woro quitted, to arrivo, at 20s. to a fllmdo undor. Of the other brands salos baye been mode at oxtromely low Heurts. TJ.V.P. and Kartell's aro nominally quoted 24s. ; entire shipments havo, however, been sold at a good doal under this. A shipmont of Otard's was sold at 21s. Od. For Renault's wo quoto 22s. G on eva, up till the arrival (if tho mail, was in a most unsatisfactory position, sales being ruado of JDK55 and Y. H. and Co. at all prlcos down to 8s. Cd. At the time referred to, speculative attention was turned towards the spirit, which resulted in about 10,000 cases changing hands, at prices rising to 0s. éd., and holders since demand 10s. Od., but no business has yet transpired at this price. 1,000 casos B. arid, y wero sold at 7s._0d. _ Rum Is qulol at_ 3s, for te» por cont. and 8s. 3d. tor nany per cone, ¿io saies aro effected. Whiskey in caso is valued at 8s. Od. to'.O.s. In bulk considerable parcols have boen Bold at Ss. Od. to Ss. Sd. Old tom is bold for Ile. to 12?. MELBOURNE MARKETS. SATURDAY, NOV. 24. THE MILLS. Tho weok has boon ono of general activity in tho Sour markot. Prices are well maintained, a largo busi- ness having been done at the following quotation?. Owing to recent largo Importations of Scotch, meal is inactive, tho price noted not being always obtained. Prices aro as follow :-Fino flour, £13 ; soconds, £11 ; Adelaide, £13 ; bran, Is. 4d. ; pollard, Is, Gd. to Is. Od. ; whoat, 5s. to 6s. Od. ; meal, £80. RETAIL MARKETS. Butchers' meat continues unchanged in prico, though for primo a disposition to hold for highor prices is OuEervttble. Butter !? ft 5'!id.9 ?asI°r than last wook, but eggs aro Bllgbtly stiffer. Prlcos are as follow .'~ Beef, id. to 7d. per lb. ; mutton, Sd. to lid. per lb. ; veal, 7d. per lb. ; pork, Od. por lb. Poultry. Fowls, Gs. Od. por pair ; gooso, 12s. do. i ducks, 7s. to 8s. do. : turkeys, 16s. to 26s. do. Cheese, Is. to 2s. per lb.; eggs, Is. 4d. to Is. Od. per dozen : butter, fresh, 1B. 2d. per lb. ; bread, Gd. to 7d. tho lib. loaf; milk, Gd. per quart ; hams, Is. 7<L per lb. ; bacon, Is. to la. Gd. per lb. HAT MARKET. Messrs. BUTIIR, and Moss roport :-" Tho supply of now hay ia on tho increaso, tbo few loads of old coming to hand being sufficient for the inquiry, Salos gonerally have been dull, tho following prioos ruling during the week :-Old hay, £6 to £0 ; new do., £3 to £4 ; straw, £310s. to £4." Mr. JAMKS FENTON reports :-" Now hay has come plentifully to hand during tho week, and low prico» havo beon submitted to. Old hay continues arriving, and priccB for that aro easier :-Old hay, £5 to £010s. ; new do-, £216s. to £316s. ; straw, £310s. to £1." EASTERN MARKET. The« "was a full supply of scasonablo vegetable! broiightto market this morning. New potatoes woro very duli of sale, as,- not boing lit for carriage to tho inteiior, tho demand is limited to Mo.bourno. Cher- ries -were plentiful, and the bulk realised 4Jd. per lb. Dairy produco continues to be well supplied. Eggs ate falling off, and a slight advanco is freely accordod. The following woro tho prices ruling :-Vegetables. Asparagus, Hil. to 2s. por 100 ; beans, broad, Jd. por lb. ; bouquets, 4s. to 0s. per dozen ; cabbages, 3d. to 2s. per dozen ; carrots, Sd. to 1B. per dozon bunches ; cauliflowers, Is. to 4s. per dozen ; cress, water, Gd. to Od. por dozon bunches ; horseradish, 8s. to Gs. por dozen sticks ; lavender, Is. per dozen buuehos ; leek, Gd. per dozen bunches ; lottuco, Od. to Is. Gd. per dozen ; marjoram, Gd. por dozon bunchos ; mint, Od. por dozen bunches; onions, groen, Od. to Is. per dozen bunches ; parsley, Gd. to Od. por dozen bunches; parsnips, Is. to 2s. per dozen bunchos; peas, Jd. to ]Jd, per lb. ; potatoes, 4s. öd. to fis. per cwt., ¿3.10s. to £4 per ton; do., young, Gs. to Os. per cwt.; radish, 4J. to Gd. per dozon bunchos ; rhubarb, Is. to 6s. por dozon bunches; sago, Gd. per dozen bunches ; thymo, Gd. por dozen bunchos ; turnips, Is. to 2s. per dozen bunobes. Fruits.-Chorrlos, 4Jd. to 7d. per lb. ; gooseborrles, 8Jd. to 6d. per quart ; loqiutB, 2d. to Gd. por lb, ; strawborrios, 10J. to Is. Gd. por lb. Dairy Produco.-Butter, lid. to Is. per lb, ; cheese, 8d. to Is. per lb. ; ducks, Gs. Gd. to 7s. Gd. por pair; eggs, Is. fid. to 1B. Gd. por dozen; gceso, 10s. Gd. to 11s, Gd. por pair ; bens, 4s. Gd. to 6s. Gd. per pair ; lionoy, Od. per lb. ; pork, 9d. to lOd. per lb. ; rabbits, 3s. Gd. to fis. por pair ; turkeys, 16s. to 30s. per pair; hams. Is. 2d. to Is. Gd. por lb. ; bacon, Is. 2d. to Is. Gd. por lb. WOOL, TALLOW, HIDES, ike. Messrs. K, GOLDSBROCOII and Co. roport:-"Buring tho past month transactions havo beon extensive, eighteen public sales having been hold, at which 80,191 bales wero catalogued, and about 16,000 bales sold. From these Usures it will be evident that tho colonial markot is rapidly increasing in popularity with growers, who ore bogiuning to appreciate tho advantages it offers for the sale of theircllpî. On tho othor hand, the attondanco of buyers Is becoming moro numerous each year, and the JSngllsh and Con- tinental manufactutors and morcbauts aro now operating largely in the colony, having thus a much botter chanco of securing the particular classes or wool they require Our local mer- chants also purchase to a considerable oxtent, this modo of remittance being adopted In preference .to any other during tho few months It is available. Competition throughout tho sales has boon spirited, and the pricos realised Indicate an advance of from Id. to lid. per lb. over thoso of the corresponding period of last year. G roany wools have ranged up to Hld., and washod flecco to 2s. 8d. per lb., the latter quotation being obtainod for a parcel of forty-ono bales. Few of thoso really choleo brands which com- manded such oxtromo flguroi in tbo last March herios of sales in London have been offorod In tho oolony, but wero somo of them brought forward, no doubt tho quotations wo havo given would bo considerably ex- ceeded. The condition of this year's growth is, on tho wholo, vory satisfactory, and tho comparatively high ratos paid by buyers are, in most instances, fully justified. Tho Murray and Murrumbidgee clips aro butter grown and In nicer order than last year, and being sound in the staple, and tolerably light in condition, thoy havo secured brisk competition. The colour of thoso lots Is alto in their favour, being brighter and moro free from sand and dust than is geuorally tho caso. This is attrlbutablo to the oool moist atmosphere at shoailng timo, and consequent absence of tho hot dry weathor and dust-storms usually provalont. The Western flocks do not evince se much Improvement, as that portion of tho colony has not participated in the favourable season ex- perienced In tho Northorn districts. Buring the nat t w Inter feed has been scarce, and this has, in a f ow instances, militated agalUBt tho usually strong doop grown clips from thoro ; still, oven with this disadvan- tage to contend against, tho lots wo havo seen are quito equal to provloua years, tho doficloncy in growth, whoroit is apparent, being fully compensated hy moro careful classification and gradually improving breed. It is ovldont. each year that the Australian flocks, especially in Victoria, whore tho elimata is most favourable for tho merino, aro making groat progress towards a much more valuable growth of wool. Our English advices continuo to bo of a satis- factory character, aud buyors aro looking forward to high prices in tho March sales. About 00,000 baleB will probably leavo hore in timo to be included In this series, as already 44,247 bales havo cleared at tbo Custon.H as noted below, whilst tbo ships Whito Star (O.GOObalos), LonarUshlre(0,300balos),KodKovor(3,850 hales), Anglesey (1,860 bales), aro loaded with f ull.cur goos, and will sall beforo tho closo of this month. Pricos Current,-Greasy-Inferior to ordinary, 7d. to Od. ; ordinary to average, Od. to lOjd. ; good to suporior, ltd. to Is. 2d. Flcoco-Inferior to ordinary, le. Cd. to Is. 6d. ; ordinary lo average, Is. Gd. to Is. Od. ; good to suporior, Is. 8d. to 2s. 3d. Scoured Ordinary, l8. Gd. to Is. 8d. ; good, Is. Od. to Is. lid. J superior, 2s. to 2s. 3d. The following ships havo cleared for England during tho month, with wool on board : For London.-October 31-Lady Egidia, from Geelong, 5,605 bales ; November 2-Kosciusko, from Mol- bourno, 4,118 ; November IO-Charlot of Faruo, from Melbourne, 4,426 ; Novonibor 10-Sussex, from Mol- bourno, 1,203; Novembor 12-Giant's Oausoway, from Molbourno, 3,835 ; November 10-Lightning, from Goclong, 4,881 ; Novomber 17-Gcorgo Thomp- son, from Goolong, 6,100; November 21-Star of 1'caco, from Molbourno, 4,073 ; Novombor 21-Sarah Grico, from Molbourne, 4,167 ; Novombor 22-Media- tor, from Melbourno, 4,437; Novombor 24-Ballarat, from Molbourno, 2,333. Total, 44,247 halos. Hides. We have no alteration to noto since our last roport. Prices continuo firm, and may bo quoted as follows : Inferior to ordinary, 6s. to 8s. ¡averago to good, 0s. to 12s. ; largo lots in Bhlpplngordor, 13s. Gd. to 16s. ouch. Clearancos aro-Nov. 3.-Kosciusko, for London, 1,063 bides ; Nov. 12.-Giant's Causeway, for London, 4,647 hides ; Nov. 22.-Mediator, for London, 085 hides ; Nov. 24.-Ballarat, for London, 1,447 hldos. Total, 8,042 hldos. Tallow.-In tho absonco of inquiry for colonial use, prices havo furthtr declined, and thoy aro now at figures which will, no doubt, induce operations for shipment. Wo quoto-Beef, £32 to £34 ; mixed, £33 to £85 ; and mutton, £35 to £37 per ton. Clearances aro-Sussex, for London,. 00 casks; Sarah Grico, for London, 141 casks; total, 207 casks. Iho exchango on London baa boon reduced to par on drafts at sixty days' sight." SUMMARY Of SALES THIS 1IOKTJI. NO. Of Bales Cata- logued. No. of Bales Sold. B. GoldBbrough and Co. Tho London and Australian Agency Company (Limited) Cuningham and.Macrodlo Synnot and Guthrlo.. O. J. Dennys. .. ,, 13,087 4,989 6,160 2,321 8,787 7,818 1,109 2,251 1,210 1,400 l8 80,104 13,948 Messrs. CuNrsaruM and MAortunmroport:-"Wool. -During tho patt month most of tho wool offered haB been readily bought up at highly satisfactory prlcos, and for a few suporior clips unprocedontod ratos have boon paid. Mr. Colin Oampboil's Buangor clip of flecco wool was compoted for keenly, and eventually knocked down at 27d., its boautlfur con- dition betng tbo subject of general remark. As long as thoro was any vessel on the berth likely to roach London in time for tbo February salos, the attondanco at ovory auction was large, and sales only limited by the high reserves of tho growers. Slnco theso ships bavo oloarcd out, competition boo not beon quite so spirited, though prices romain firm ; and after tho arrival of tho Incoming mall, wo may expect a resumption of large solos at high prlcos. Tho following may bo quoted as the month's prlcos :-For groasy, Od. to 14d. ; greasy lambs, lOd. to 16d. ; Bcoured, 18d. to 23d. ; ilooco, 8d. to 27d. Bheopskins moot with ready salo at 4jd. to 8d. per lb. Hides we havo sold at 10s. to 18s. «aoti. Kan- garoo skins In vory limltod demand. Our sales In eludo-Large, at 16s. ; medium, at 12s. ; small, As. to Os. per dozen. Tallows exceedingly quiet ; beef, £32 to A 33 ; mutton, £37 to £38. Stationl.-Inquiries are numerous, and good investments eagerly sought far. Imported Sheep.-No Improvement tinco our last, though wa havo sold a few at fair prices." Tfll LONDON ANS AllBTItALIAN AOEKCY GOMPAKT (Limited^ furnish (be following monthly report for transmission per R.M.8. Bombay :-"Tho business of tho present month has boon of tho most animated description. Tho last European mail bronght news of tho most cheering character as regards tho home wool markets, the effect being that the wholo of the j sales havo gono off In a satisfactory niannor. The biddings throughout havo been of the most aplrltod ] character. During tbo month a total of 25,080 bales have been submittod for competition by public 1 auction, and of which quantity upwards of one-half found buyers. The condition of this season's clip on 3 tho whole fully hears out the anticipations oxpreasod by UB at" the cemmoncomont of the season, that it 3 would bo quite an averago one, though wo regret I that many of the more notod woBtorn brands are not quito up to their usually high standard of excolloace, ' somo of thom having a most docidod break, tho consequence of a want offornd at tho i earlier part of tho season before the abundant ralnB, which have slnco had so beneficial an ! effect upon tbo pasturo ; on tho other hand many of tho Northorn and Riverine wools aro in much better- ! condition than wo bare usually seen them, being as a rulo free from burrs, and gonorally soundor in the 5 staple than usual. Wo quoto the following as the rango of prices ruling- in this markot, viz.-for 2 greasy at from 8d. to 14Jd. per lb. ; slipo at from lid. to 17d. per lb. ; scoured at from 17d. to 2 2s. 4d. ; and flecco at from 14d. to 2s. 8d. "]]. "" '."i» market during tho month has 2 .boen oxiremely quiet, and omj .. ., " »«wis n»v« oeeu placed at° prides fchowio? à deefluo on pre- vious quotationr. We anticipate that largor quan- tities will be offering lu a short timo, as a t much larger quantity of tallow is now boing ob- tained, owing to tho improved condition of both cattlo and sheep, la consoquonco of the abundance of feed resulting from the continued showory weather, j Wo quoto tho following as the range of prices ruling c in this market, viz, :-For mutton, at from £33 to i £40 por ton. The following ships have cleared dur- > ing the month, viz.:-Nov. 10, Sussox, 66 casks; Nov. 21, Sarah Grlco, 111 casks. Total, 207 oosks. Hides,-Wo havo but few sales to report as hav- i ing been effectod during tho month. PriVps havo c ruled very steadily from 8s. to 12s. 6di each. \ 3 ho following ships havo cleared slnco our lose« vie. : -Oct. 12-Wave of Life, 3,340 hides ; Oct. 15-Whlto . Koso-4,430 do. ; Nov. 2-Kosciusko, 1,008 do. ; Nov. ! 12-Giant's Causeway, 4,647 do, ; Nov. 21-3trM of , Pcaco, 2.079 do. ; Nov. 22-Mediator, 1,236 do. ; Nov. . 24-Ballarat, 1,4471 do. Total, 10,041 hides. Sheep skim.-During tho month considerable parcols of skins havo been quitted by publio auction, at pricos i ranging from 4d, to §d, perin." \ LIVE STOCK. j Messrs. KATE, BUTCUART. and Co. report :-" Fat Cattle.-About 1,100 for the wook. Sales mado to- day ruled slightly lower than lost week. Quality j throughout good to fair. Best bullookB In mado £7 10s. to £9 7s. Od. ; medium do., £0 to £7 7s. 2d. ; host i cows, £7 to £8 ; medium do., £510s. to £6 15s. Fat { Sheep.-An excessive supply, over 15,0-J0 ponned. Tho graziers took largely of shorn shoep, at about 8s. , Gd. Pricos on all clauses down Is. Quality much i superior to last week's supply. Boat wethers, in the wool, sold at 15s. to 10s. ; second class do,, 13s. Od. to 14s. Od. ; inforior do., 11s. ; host shorn, primo and , boavy, 11s. Od. to 14s. ed. ; medium do. wethers, ¡ Os, fld. to 10s. fld. Lambs.-Light supply, and a brisk ¡ demand, at an advance of la. a hoad. Best in mado 10s. Od. to 10s. fld. ; second nuallty, 8s. to Oi. Od. ; inferior, 0s. Od. to 7a. 9J. Oalvoa.-Fifty-six In, of f good quality." , Messrs. DAMIAIIOT CAMPBELI, and Co. report: " Fat Cattle-1,100 head camo.forward this morning, , tho priucipal part of whioh woro good usoful beef, with a fair proportion of primo. There was a good attendance of buyers, but tho biddinga were very i dull; consequently a reduction of from 10s. to 15s. per head took place. Wo quoto-Best bullocks, at from £8 to £9 7s. Cd. ; second quality do., from £5 10s. to £7 ; inferior quality do., from £4 to £6 ; best i cows, at from £7 to £8 6s. ; second quality do., from 1 £5 to £0 ; inforior quality do., from £3 to £4. We I havo sold a draft of 324 head from the run of Mr. Walter Douglass, Darwin Elver, N.SW., tho bullocks at from £0 12s. Od. to £9 7s. 0d.t averaging £8 2i. ; tho cows from £5 5s. to £8 5s" averaging, £6 4s. ; and 26 head for Messrs. Hardio Brothers, of Western . Port, at from £6 17s. 6d. to £7 IBs. Fat Sheop. Tho supply amounted to 16,300, about two-thirds of < which woro good usoful butchers' mutton ; thore ( were a few prime, and tho balance wero very inferior I stores. In consequence of this largo supply, all lots i ol medium quality were offered at Is,, and good to J primo qualities at Od. per head under late rates. At 1 this reduction a largo amount of buitnoss was dono, 1 and with the assistance; of country buyers, the whole ; woro cleared out. Wo quoto-Primo quality wothors 1 in the wool, at from Ids. to 10s, Od, ; good quality do., j from 16B. to 16s. fld. ; second quality do , from 18s. Cd. to 14s, 0d. ; inferior do., from 10a. upwards ; primo quality shorn wethors, from 10a. Cd. to 11s. fld. ; a few extra quality at 14a, Od. ; second quality, from 8a. to 8s. ; vory inferior do., from 6s. upwards, i Fat Calves.-CO head carno forward, chiefly second quality. Tho demand was not very brisk, and bost brought from 86s. to 47s. ; socond quality, from 20s. to 30s. ; Inferior, from 12s. Od. to 17B. Od. Wo havo sold 67 head, at from 16s. Od. to 47'. Fat Lambs. There was rather a short supply, viz., 1,900; and at tbe opening of the market prices ruled about tho eamo as last week, but towards tho closo there was an advance of from Is. to Is. Od. per head. Best quality brought from 9s. to 10s, Cd. ; second quality do., from 7s. to 8s. ; Infeiior do., from 0s. to 6s. Oil. Wo have Bold 412, Messrs. P. and J. Higgins', at from Os. (Id. to 10a. ; 20, Mr. Hearnes', at 10a. Cd. ; and 21. Mr. Noonan's, at Os. Cd. Btoro Stock.-The demand for cattlo is uudimlnishcd, the wants of buyors being Bull in excess of the numbera offering ; consequently late high pricos aro still maintained. Some lots in rathor better condition than ordinary stores havo latoly changed bands, at from £4 9s. to £6 for bul- locks, and from £4 to £4 10s. for cows. Good lots, mixed eoxes, may bo quoted at from £3 to £4. Tho sheop market is still unusually qulot, the domand being loss than we oxpectcd." MeBsrB. Fowxns, ItuniERFortD, and Co. report : "Fat Cattlo.-1,140 wero shown up this morning as tho week's supply, which numbor is rathor beyond our presont requirement, tho demand just now being moro for mutton and lamb than tor beor. Tbo greater portion consisted of good usoful quality, but nono vory primo, so that quotations aro considerably lowor than last week. Although, quality considered, there has not beon a very great falling off up to this, prices are certainly onslor, BO far as salos have gono, and there is overy probability of their becoming more so boforo the cloBo of the market. Quotations.-Best bullocks, £810s. to £9 7s. Od. ; middling and good, £7 10s. to £8 ; inforior. £4 7s. fld. to £0 ; boat cows, £7 to £8; middling and Inforior, £4 to £6 10s. Fat Calves. Numbor in, £7. This Ia tho largest supply wo have had lor somo timo past, and na tho de- mand is only limited, prices may be expected to rulo rathor low. No sales havo yot boen mado. Fat Sheep.-Numbor In, 16,004, This was an ex- ceedingly heavy Bupply, nearly half thiB numbor being shorn ; and as there is but llttlo demand as yet on behalt of tho trade for this description, the most of thom woro cleared out by graziers. This causod sheep in wool to bo in good domand, and on tho wholo, businCBS was brisk, although prices woro lower by about 1B. per head. With the assistance of grazlors and shippers, tbo wholo of tho extensivo supply was cleared out. Quotations :-Best -wothors (in wool), 16s. Od. to 16r. tld. ; good do., 14a. to 14s. 0d. ; middling and inferior do., 11s. Od. to 18s. Od. ; shorn wethers, 8s. Sd. to 10s., extra primo heavy weights to 16s. Fat Lambs.-Number in, 1,883. This was about tho Binallest supply of tho soasen, tho quality being also rather indlfferont except in a fow instances. The demand was brisk, and competition keen, all bolng cleared out at an advance of fully Is. per hoad on last week's ratos. Quotations :-Primo quality, 10a. to Ils. : good do., 8s. to Os. Cd. ; middiiig and inferior, 5s. to 7e. Od." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVAI« AND CLEABASCXS onsets ona LAST SUMMARÏ. [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Oh., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; H., Hamburg ; On., Hanoverian ; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; 8., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Balg. Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; B., Kunian ; s., ship ; b., bnrquo; br., brig; se, schooner; s.S., stooinor.] Oct. ¿murro. 27\. Mataura, B.M. s.a., 1,780, J. E.Blrd, Plymouth. O. Lewis and Co. 29\. Wimmera, B. s., 1,008, Wm. Robertson, London. -Holmes, Whlto,[and Co. 29\. Bruco, B. a., 1,110, M. Lylo, Glasgow.-Holmes, Whlto, and Co. 29\. Ecliptic, B. b., 314, B. Harvoy, Foo-cbow-foo. Holmes and Russell. 29\. Norman, B. b. 264, F. Orfour, Maldon Island and Samoa.-Captain Orfour. 30\. Marian, B. b., 414, J. B. Scaplohorn, Chill.-F. W. Prell and Co. 81\. Adriatic, B. b., 803, Thos. Cappon, Mauritius. Mooro, Hawthorn, and Co. 81\. Siam, Br. b., 864, H. Tlodemaiin, San Francisco. -W. J. Greig and Co. 81\. Thetlf, F. b., 600, E. Giron, Calcutta.-B. and F. Turnbull and Co. Nov. 1\. General Berry, A. s., 1,107, J. B. Watts, Dundoo. -Andorson and Marshall. 1\. Malta, S. s., 850, Chas. Borg, Boston_Wilkinson Brothers and Co. 1\. Veno, B. BC,-282, E. Mooro, Batavia-Osborn, CuBhing, and Co. 1\. Blairmore, B. br., 223, W. Cargill, Foo-ohow-foo. Connell, Watson, and Hogarth. 2\. Duchess of Lancaster, B, b., 878, M. H. Forstor, Mauritius.-Dickson,|Wllllams, and Co. 2\. Tanjoro, A. s., 967, John Humphreys, New York. -Lord and Co. 3\. Isabella Horcus, B. b., 603, T. Bremner, Mauri- tius,-Joshua Brothors. 0\. Armistice, B. b., 834, William M'Kecn, Java. -Bright Brothers and Co. 6\. Salada, B. b., 451, John Callaghan, Mauritius. M'Ewan and Co. 0\. Etienne et Laurance, F. b., 350, H. MacC, Be- nnion.-Lo Roy and Co. 7\. Anglosoy, B. 8., 1,200, W. H. Mutter, London. W. P. Whlto and Co. 7\. Champion of the Seas, B. s., 1,018, J. M. Outridge. -Bright Brothers and Co. 9\. Auguaia Amelia, S. b., 444, Q. Westerburg, Gofio, vl& Adelaide-Captain Westerburg. 11\. Geelong, B.M. s.S., 1,684, N. J. Skottowe, Gallo. W. O. Clifton. 12, Annlo Wilson, a, 1,118, Hugh Clarke, Downe Bright Brothers and Co. 12\. Frauds, F. b., 248, A. Parnot, Charente.-Bligh and Harbottlo. 14, Woodbine, B. br., £03, J. Day, Batavia.-Victoria 8ugar Company. 15\. Lady Duiforin, B. s., 955, J, Gemmell, Liverpool. -Bright Brothers and Co. 17\. Essex, D.s., 1,042, J. S. Attwood, London.-W. P. White and Co. 23\. Pride of tho Ocean, B. s., 1,130, O. Duke, London. -Dickson, Williams, and Co. 24\. Galloway, B. s,, 1,830, John Claque, Liverpool. M'Ewan and Co. Oct. CLEARED OUT. 20\. Cabot, II. b., 349, A. Sclmn, Tahiti.-Haege and Co, 27\. Madras, B.M. s.S., 1,600, A. B. Farquhar, Point de Gallo.-W. O. Clifton. 27\. Intimes, F. b., 142, Gcfflot, Callao.-Ourcior and Adet. Nov. 2\. Frances Henty, B. B,, 469, J. Torrance, Guam. J. Henty and Co. 2\. Kosciusko, B. s., 1,192, J. Lawson, London. Dalgety and Co. 6\. Napier, B, >,, 1,424, T. Purdy, Callao.-Dickson, Williams, and Co. S. Btng, B. b" 263. J. Martin, Jar», Till King George's Sound,-Young sod Martin, Chariot of Fumo, B. s., 1,630, J. Doves, London. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Home. Sussex, B. s., 1,100, R. Ridgors, London.-W. P. White and Co. Giant's Causeway, B. s., 1,231, G. Knight, Lon- don.-Holmes, Whlto, and Co. Anna, A. s., 097, D. W. Blanchard, Callao.-W.S. Anderson and Co. 16\. Baden, A. s., 1,239, J. Stilphen, Callao.—W. Crosby and Co. Duchess of Lancaster, B. b., 873, M. H. Forster, Guam.-Victoria Sugar Company. Chill, B. b., 487, J. Wills, Guam.-Captain Wills. Salamander, B. s.S., 776, H. W. Skene, London, via Geelong.-Bright Brothers and Co. Andrew Jackson, B. s., 1,263, J. M'Callum, Guam. -Dickson, Williams, and Co. Atlontio, B. b., 200, T. G. Kelly, Mauritius.-W. Wright. Sarah Grico, B. 8., 1,070, J. O. Ferguson, London, -Bright Brothers and Co. Star of Peaco, B. B., 1,113, TV. C. Mitcholl, Lon- don.-Dalgety and Co. St. Vincent, B. s., 884, J. O. Morrison, Oalcutt«. Holmes, White, and Co. Mediator, B. B., 1,060, M. Macaulay, London.-Do Pass Brothers and Co. Ballarat, B. ¡., 626, J. Allan, London.-Dikftv and Co. q * ÄT' B' "" 1'008; w. «obortsorr, London, *la ^.vjig.-HoImos, Whlto, and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUOE. NOV. 2. Kosclutko, for London.-8,719 balos wool, 3 butts 12 hillls, wine, 35 hales sheopsklns, 1,003 hldos, 183 calfskins, 370 ingots spoltor, 11 casks tailings, 465 bags bark, 15 packogos old metal, 8 casca offocts, 41 bales leather, 120 tons copper ore. Nov. 10. Charlot of Famo, for London.-4,425 balos wool, 1,880 bags G1 bales bark, G1 bales loathor, 3 hhds. 21 casks oil, 125 bales Bheepsklns, 100 bundles pelts, 26 bales basils. Sussex, for London.-1,008 bales wool, 90 balOB leather, 66 casks tallow, 14 casks black sand, 2,240 bags copper ore, 2 tons shank-bones, 10 packages merchandise and effects, 11 bales whalebone, 44 pack- ages drugs. Kov. 12. Giant's Causeway, for London.-3,835 bales wool, 167 bales leather, 3 casks oil, ISO bags bark, 1 cask wine, 87 bags 16 tons rags, 2 bales basils, 76 Ingots 6 tonB spelter, 2 packages clotb, 4,647 hides, 44 pieces hickory, 800 bags bark, 15 balos skins. Nov. 21. St. Vincent, for Calcutta.-GO tons foddor, 80 horses. Star of Peace, for London.-4,073 bales wool, 2,970 hides, 186 calfskins, 121 tons copper ore, a quantity of shauk-boncs. Sarah Grice, for London.-4,167 balei wool, 141 casks tallow, 6,211 bags copper ore, a quantity of ox horns. Nov. 22. Mediator, for London.-4,437 bales wool, 10 balos skins, 62 bales rags, 1,235 hides, O bales gluo piceos, 8 casks head matter, 80G ingots spolter, 23 bales leather. Nov. 24. Ballarat, for London.-2,883 balos wool, 1 case glass shades, 1 case wax Howers, 2 cases shade globe», 0 calf- skins, 1,447 hides. Wimmera, for London, via Goolong.-908 balos wool, 2,638 bogs copper ore. GOLD SHIPS WHICH HAVE SAILED SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. Tho following is a list of tho ships taking gold which havo Bailed boneo slnco tho publication of our last summary, together with tho quantities and destina- tions : Bato of Sailing. Ship. Destination. I Ounces, 186G. Oot. 28] Oct. 20 Hov. 8 Nov. 10 Kov. 12 Nov. 12 Nov. 16 Nov. 10 Nov. 21 Nov. 21 Nov. 22 Nov. 24 Madras City of Adelaide., Kosciusko.. Chariot of Fame., Alexandra.. Giant's Causeway. Sussex City of Melbourne, Star of Peaco Sarah Grice Balclutha .. Ballarat .. Galla . Sydney , London , London , Sydnoy , London London Sydney London London Sydnoy London 87,903 5,376 28,392 10,420 510 13,308 29,202 5,003 17,388 2,077 1,870 2,582 The total amount of gold exported from the colony since tho boginning of tho yoar is 1,691,008 ounces, of Milich 326,885 ouncOB wero transhipped from Now Zealand. During tbo corresponding period of tho previous year the entiro quantity oxportod was 1,499,868 ounces, and ol this total 142,640 ounces were from New Zealand. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DEPARTURE OP THE OCTOBER MAIL. OCT. 28. Madras, R M.S.S., for Point do Galle. Fassongors saloon: For Southampton-Mr. and Mrs. Bramwell and family, and Mr. Hoverno. For Marseiiles-Mr. TV. A. Mackinnon, C.B., Burgoon 67th Regiment ; Mr. Chirnside, and Mr. F. Banks. For Gallo-Mrs, Stratton. For King Goorgo's Sound-Mr. P. Frith. For Hong Kong-Mr. J. Reeves. For Bombay-Dr. Peach. Nov. 2. Kosciusko, for London. Passengers-saloon : Messrs. Mnckio, Andorson, and Gansick, and Br. Cum- ming. Nov. 10. Sussex, for London. Posscngors-cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Somorvillo Learmonth, two children, governess, and servant ; Professor Jacobs und servan , Mr. B. Le- vison, Mr. Foaron, Mr. Thomas, Mr. B. Webster, Mr. D, 0. Lumsden, Mr. H. W. Bracken ; and 126 in the second and third cabins. Nov 21. Sarah Grice, for London. Passongcrs : Mr. and Mrs. Ivey, two children, and governoss ; Mr. and Mrs. Kobble. Star of Peace, for London. Passengers : Mr. and Mrs. Webb and child, Mr. Poterson, and Master Campbell. 