MAILS BY THE SOUCHAYS. It is hereby notified, at the request of the Queensland Gavera , meat, that the chartered steamer SOUCHAYS will be despatched from BRISBANE on the 6th March, for Batavia, taking mails for Port Denison, Somerset, Coepang, Batavia, England, and intermediate places. Mails for the above will be made up and closed at this office, on or about the 1st proximo, in time to reach Brisbane on the 9th march. J. DOCKER, Postmaster-General. General Post Office, Sydney, 14th February. CUSTOM House.-Entered outwards, February 24 : Parramatta, barque, 409 tons, Captain Andrews, for Petropaulovski ; Lady Bowen (a.), 425 tons, Captain Lake, for Moreton Bay ; Hadley's, barque, 349 tons, Captain Paine, for San Francisco ; Lily, brig, 248 tons, Captain McCallum, for Newcastle. The Hunter brings the following cargo : 175 sheep, 60 bales wool, 50 bags bark, 20 bags potatoes, 20 hides, 120 cheeses, and sundries. The Melrose, from Foo. Chow, come through Alias Straits, and reports rai able winds throughout. On the 26th January she spoke the Albert Victor, from Liverpool, for Shanghai, The Cawarra (s.), left Brisbane at 1.30 p.m. on the 22nd instant, passed Point Lookout at 6 p.m., Smoky Cape at 2 p.m. on the 23rd, Seal Rocks at midnight, and entered Sydney Heads at 10.45 a m. on the 24th ; had variable winds and fine weather to Smoky, from thence strong southerly and thick rainy weather. Yet the Eagle and Telegraph steamers off Korogoio Point, at 3.40 p.m. on the 23rd Instant. The Picard, schooner, Captain Hopkins, from Adelaide bound to Brisbane, thirty-five days out, put into Broken Bay on the 22nd instant. The Kate, from Auckland on the 6th instant, and was becalmed for twelve days, after which the had fresh S.E.Mo northerly winds. Sighted the Coral Queen schooner, hence for Auckland, t a the 10th instant, off Cape Bre to M 8 Esk was taken into the Fitzroy Dry Dock on the 23rd for tho purpose of being caulked, As by Mr Cuthbert The brig Prospero left Foochow on the 15th December 24th, spoke the trench barque Grant, from Bordeaux to Saigon, 108 dugout, 1st January, passed Straits of Sunda, 2nd spoke the three-masted schooner Alexandra, from 1 Foochow to Sydney , 21st spoke the Danish barquentine Hindoo, from Sarawak to Melbourne 15th instant, signalised with the ship 1 liverpool, from Liptrap for Auckland the Wonga Wonga (s ) left Melbourne at 115pm on 22nd instant passing the He sails at 6 45, passed the Schanck light S E, Wilson's 1 for onions at 4 15 am 1 Friday morning Fresh south westerly winds to the 1 promontory, Ihinccto Cape Howe light airs and coins with fine weather, on the east coast south and all winds with dull gloomy weather the Wonga Wonga entered silver leases at 2 "30 pm, making the run from Melbourne in time 1 < urs , passe else cial ci i tun, ves is in the Straits the men Yangs (ss left Melbourne at 4 pm on the 22nd instant at, cleared four Phillip Heads at 11 1 ipm , passed Wilson s I on lately at 10.30 a.m. on the 23rd, Cape Howe at train on the 2 ah, armed it 1 w fold Bay at I p in and left again at 2 30 p pm 11 steel Cape St George ntOum on the 25th animated sydney Heads at 30p in 1 tperlenecellight southerly and S W winds throughout the passage Passed the Blackbird (s ) at 10 p in e ii He 23rd instant, about 100 m IrsN 1 of the promontory , the Barwin at 1 p.m. on the 24th, olrTwofoli' Bay and the City of Adelaide, at 1 sent on the I'nh on" George's Head him as Burns an simi MOUNTAIN MAIN About half-past 11 o clock on saturday evening as the chief officer of the brig Mountain Maid, now lying at the Commercial W bird was looking round themscl to see that everything was safe before he retired to bed, hcpcrcclied smoke issuing from the forecastle, he in mediately called to the second mate, and the crew having been ill off and discharged early on Saturday evening, they obtained assistance from the ship lying next to the Mountain Maid The fire having been dice creek in time, they succeeded in extinguishing it before any serious damage was done The original the fire is unknown n The engine of the fire Insurance Companies' Brigade was soon on the spot, but, fortunately), was not required Dij-Tmie-rinv or no lUiinm I ODA IIY first, orr Linv VII tons is AMI -A telegram from Gladstone was received by HIL Gen ernment em the 20th instant, announcing that the steam r Saxonia had arrived in that port, and that the captain had re ported that on the night of the 10th Inst at at 10 o'clock, he passed a large American built vessel in flames about fifteen miles olfLndy Elliott's Island, in an easterly direction, and from Sandy Cape north by west thirty miles She was burnt to within three feet of the water, with the exception of the bow, which appeared to be that of a clipper ship, painted black The figure-head had fallen off, and the bowsprit was still standing, but the masts had gone by the board The board steamed round the burning Offer, and remained beside her for about an hour, but no appearance of boats or crew were visible, and owing to the stem being in (James it was im possible to make out her name I he wind was easterly, and the water very smooth and it is the opinion of Captain Page that the crew had got off in the boats, and run for I aely Elliott s Island, and that the wreck could not float more than an hour after he left her Although the Saxonia passed within a few miles of Lady Elliott's Island, no effort was made by the captain to discover whether any of the people from the burning vessel had taken refuge there. On the receipt of this intelligence by the Premier, he at once telegraphed to the Platypus, Captain Cairncross, to proceed without delay to the scene of the disaster, and also to Mr R B Sheridan, portmaster of Maryborough, directing him to use every effort to discover some further particulars concerning the ill-fated vessel, or to render assistance to the survivors, if any there were The agents of the Australasian steam Navigation Company who also requested to help in the matter Great fears were entertained that the unfortunate vessel was the immigrant ship Salt ma, bound for Keppel Bay, with near five hundred passengers, and which vessel is now due We are very glad, however, to be able to set these fears at rest The following telegram was receive eel last night, by the Premier, from Mr Sheridan, and was kindly forwarded to us for publication -"The burning vessel proves to be the barque Lalla, 447 tons Henry Warde, master, bound from Melbourne to Shanghai, with coal She caught fire 100 miles north-east of Breaksea Spit, and was dismasted In latitude 17 h , longitude If 1 ' t 'the crew sical! parcel " W. may mention that Immediately after Captain Oaircross receiving the telegram, steam was got upon board the Hall pus, and no time lost in acting upon the instructions he had received - harridan A (sum Jian, February 22 the following is from the II at Court Times of February 14 - I "A special! messenger to Mr McIntyre, of the firm of Morrison, Law, and Co. , and had In town from the Grey late on last Saturday night, with the information that the steamship star of the morning had gone ashore on the south Spit Mr McIntyre at once stalled for the Grey , and all day on sunday) extraordinary) rumours were in circulation respecting her position, amount of damage done, is Towards evening, however, a party arrived from the Grey, with the intelligence that the Star of the Evening was high and dry upon the bench, close to the steamer Nelson If this should prove correct, her position is most perilous, but hope it will prove as fatal as many other reports which have lately reached us from the Grey We shall doubtless hear the truth of the matter to day" The same paper gives a graphic description of a very perilous entrance into the HuMtiki River made by the Ballarat, p s on the 9th instant, in a gale of wind the ship emu to hunt very narrowly escaped destruction 