CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. Bt way of Auckland, we have advices from the Cape to the 18th cf Febtuary. Previous dates were to Decem ber 14. It would appear that there is a great want of employ ment amongst (he immigrants, and (hat the farmers are unable to pay sufficient wages to Europeans to enable them to support their families. Tbe following is an extract from the Cape Argus, of that date, bearing on this subject. ' What is to he done with the unemployed, is a question that seems difficult to answer. If profitable employment could he found, there is no doubt but that the Govern TTiont ie hnnnri 4n m'irA if in tVinm ? lttif fmm tho nnudnt state of the colony there is no prospect of finding profit able employment. The formers cannot afford to pay suffi cient wages to Europeans to enable them to koep their families ; and while Cape Town has about four hundred empty houses, stores, and shops, upon which taxes have to be paid by tbe owners whether they receive rents or not, there is no prospect of these men finding employment in building, llnilwnys will not pay in this colony, if we are to take the Wellington line as a specimen. The Govern ment have to pny £30,000 per annum because it will not pay; £15,000 of this the landowners hava to pay by a direct tax, £9000 of which is borne by landowners in Cape Town and district. They cannot hear any further taxation to make railways. The railway from Port Elizabeth to Graham's Town will cost at leas't a million of money ; and alter the large sum spent to open the Kowie — a port within thirty miles ef Graham's Town, is it likely that the colony will submit to he taxed to give Graham's Town two roads, while Gracfi'-Reinet and other important places have neither railway nor port r The effect of the railway to Graham's Town would be to throw out of employment all those persons who now subsist by carrying loads between Graham's Town and Port Elizabeth; and if these are land-owners, would they consent to have a direct tax put upon their landed property, to the extent of at least £30,000 per annum, in eddition to what they would have to bear of the general taxation, for the purpose of destroying their means of living? Under these circumstances, profitable employment cannot be found here for those Europeans that are out of work. The only remedy is to put them into a f:oeiticn to emigrate, by finding them a passage at the pub ic expense. Let aU those Europeans tliat are out of work enter their names at tbe Town-house, and state their wil lingness to emigrate, providing Government provide them with a free passage. Then let the public sign a requisition to the Governor, requesting him to provide a passage for these men, promising to guarantee the amount expended, providing the Parliament refuse to vote the money.' The drought has inflicted a great deal of injury on the farmers. ST. HELENA. Tbe Danish mail steamer Snnda put into Table Pay, on Saturday, for coals and supplies. She is from Plymouth November 8, St. Vincent November 25, and St. Helena December 25, bound to Batavia. She has put in for coals and supplies, and will leave again in a few days. By the kindness of the captain, we are favoured with the latest copies of St. Helena papers, from which we make the following extracts : — ' On Saturday, the 16th December, tbe French barque Veillant Basque arrived here, having on board Csptein Dyer, chief and second officers, carpenter, boatswain, steward, and three others, bring part of the crew of the late ship Simla, of Liverpool, from Calcutta, aban doned at sea cn the 31st October last; in latitude 4 degrees north, longitude 22 degrees east, in consequence of the vessel having caught fire. Captain Dyer snd ctew were taken from tbe abandoned ship by the Sovereign of India, from London for China, and before their arrival on board that vessel (he Simla was observed to be in flames, and her maBts had fallen over the side. On the 1st December the Sovereign of India fell in with the French barque Vaillant Basque, of Bordeaux, and requested tha maBtcr (Captain Gof ) to take on board the distressed crew ; but bring a small vessel, and totally unprepared for such a n quest, the master kindly consented to take as many as he possibly could with comfort, which consisted ef those who atrived in her.— Cope Argus, January 16. 