CAPiE OF GOOD HOPE. By way, of Auckland, we have advices from, the Cape to the 18th February. Previous dates were to 14th Decbmber. . It wpuld appear that there is a great want of em-, ployment amongst , the immigrants, and that the farmers are unable to pay sufficient wages to [Europeans to enable them to support their families. The following is an extract from the Cape Argus of that date, bearing on this subject :— ' What is to be done;,with ? the unemployed is a question that seems diffioult to answer. If profitable employment could be found, there is ho doubt but that the Govern ment is bound to give- it to them ; but horn the present state of the colony there is no prospect of finding profitable employment. The farmers oan not'afford to pay sumoierit wages to Europeans to enable them to keep their families; and1 while Cape Town has about 400 empty houses, stores and shopB, upon which taxes have to be paid by the owners whether^they receive rents or not; there is no pros pect of these men finding employment in building. Railway s will not1 pay in this colony, if we are to take the; Wellington line asaspecimen. The Govern ment have to ? pay £30,000 per annum because it will not pay ; £15,000 of - this the landowners have to pay by a direct tax, £9000 of which is borne by landowners iu Cape Town and district. They can not bear any further taxation to make railways. The railway from Port Elizabeth 'to Graham's Town will cost at least a million of money; and after thelarge' sum spent to open the Kowie— ? a port within thirty miles of Graham's Town, — is it likely that the ooloiiy will submit to te taxed to give Graham?s Town two roads, while Graaff-Reinet 'and ] other ? important places, have neither railway nor -port ? The^ effect of the railway to-Grahath's Town wonld'be to throw out of employ pient all those persons who now BubBist by carrying loads betweern Graham's Town and Port Elizabeth ; arid-if these' are landowniSrB,' would they consent to tave Ta diredt tax put'upon their landed property, to the' extent-df at least £30iOOO per annum, in addition to what they would have to bear of thb general taxation, fpr the purpose of destroying their means of living? Under these- circumstances,- profitable employment cannot be found herefor those Europeans that are bui of worki - The only remedy is to put them into a position to emigrate, by finding them a passage at the public expense/ Let all those Europeans that ftre out of work enter their names at the town hbusep arid state their, willingness to emigrate, pro viding Government provide them with a free pass age; Then let the public' sign a requisition to the Governor, requesting him ' to provide a passage for these' -men, promising to guarantee the amount ex pended,1 providing the Parliament refuse to vote the mdney.'';:- ? ? '???;'???-?''?. : :-,''' -: ? ; i The drought has inflicted a great deal of injury ; qn the farmers'; ? ; ^T.'HELENA.—rThe Danish mail steamer Sunda p^ut into Table Bay^ on Saturday, for coals and aupplies, and will leave again in a few days. She is from Plymouth 8th November, St. Vincent 25th November, and St. Helena 25th De cember, bpund to Batavia. By the kindness of the captain, wo are favored with ithe latest copies of St. Helena papers; froinwhioli. we make the following extracts :— On Saturday; the 16th December, the French barque yaiHaht. Basque arrived herej haying 'on bjjard Captain Dyer, ohief and second offioers, o'arpenter, boatswain; steward, and three others, beingpartof the cfew'pf the ' late ship Simla, of Liverpool^ from Caioutta, dbandbned at sea on the 31st Ootobo'r.laBt, in latitude 4 degrees north, Iongi tnde 22 degrees oast, in consequence of the vessel having caught firei. Captain Dyer and crew were . t^ken from the abandoned bhip by the Sovereign of India, from Lbndonter China, and before theirarrival on board that vessel the Simla was observed to be in flames, and her masts had fallen over the side. On the 1st December this Sovereign of India fell in with the French barque Vaillant Basque, of Bordeaux, and requested the master (Captain Gof) to take on board the distressed crew ; but being a smull vessel, arid totally unprepared for such a request, the master kindly consented to take as many us he possibly could with oomfort, which consisted of those wMo arrived in her.'— Cape Argus, January 16 . 