!TEfHI8_OJF__NE'W8i: Coot, Wilson, and Zoyarra's Circus will visit Castlemaine this evening. This kind of enter- i iainment is popular here, and will probably be I well patronised. j The cricket match Bendigo v. Oastlemaine, is j postponed from the 12th to the 19th instant, in j consequence of the Bendigo races. Among the accounts recommended for pay ment by the Finance Committee of the Borough Council, and published in the Mail of yesterday, the ratepayers will probably have recognised that of Mr Otto Berliner for £54 los 6d. . An entertainment- in aid of the funds of the Benevolent Asylum takes place iu the Odd fellows' Hall, Chewton, on Monday evening next. The following is the programme :— Beading, Mr J. W. Lovell ; song, Mr T. Balme ; reading, Mr H. Hayden ; song, Mr and Miss Bowden ; reading, Mr T. Cooper ; song, Mr T. L. Brown ; reading, Mr J. Henry ; Welsh glee, &c.;, &c.; ; recitation, Mr Hill; song, Mrs Hodgson; de clamation, Mr Tilt-; Danish war song, Chrisr. Pedersen ; song, Mr Thorburn ; duet, Miss Hood and Mr Balme : the Marseillaise Hymn by the whole company. A Melbourne correspondent writes :— I have obtained a knowledge of the report drawn up by Colonel Anderson and the Chief Commissioner of Police, relative to the fracas between the volun teers and the constabulary at the. time of His Excellency's visit to Oastlemaine. The report slates that the police showed a want of discretion in endeavoring to take up the position occupied by the volunteers. That it appears Sergeant Daly misunderstood the orders given him, and that one of the police in giving his evidence before the court highly colored it. I understand it is intended to removo him to another district. Some months ago a robbery was reported to have taken place at the Golden Hope hotel, Chewton. The article said to be stolen was a valuable watch, and a lodger in the hotel, who left too early on the morning when the watch was missed to pay his score, was suspected of being the thief, and a warrant issued for his ap prehension, but the police not being able to find him he escaped arrest. That the man was wholly innocent of the charge preferred against him is now evident, for on Wednesday some children playing under the verandah of an unoc cupied house opposite the hotel found the missing watch beneath the boards forming the floor. There can scarcely be any doubt that children hands, dropped the article in the spot where it so long lay hidden. A ludicrous mistake occurred at Chewton on Wednesday evening. About three years ago a, woman arrived there from Ireland, possessed of a considerable amount of money, but she dis covered her husband living in adultery, and in accordance with the proverbial silliness of wo men so circumstanced, after a little while she allowed her husband to become the treasurer of her wealth, and he abandoued her, taking with liim his paramour and child.' The wife became ill. and for some months was an inmate of the Hospital. On regaining her health she took out a warrant against her unfaithful lord, "and went into respectable service, .. On Wednesday : slie informed the police she had seen lier husband in the street at Chewton. A look-out was kept, and the man was seeu standing at the door of Dr Hardy's. With the police she went up to hiiu, ami slapping him ou the shoulder, -said, " Sam, I've got you." This rather surprised- the- one accosted, and- he asked her. What- do you mean P" " You are my husband." was the an swer. " aud if you deny it I'll"— (here a. threat was made which, if carried out, would' have hurt his head). The police were requested to, take, him in charge, but they- refused,- for the man", had been resident in Chewton six or seven years, and has had a wife and family with him the whole time. The deserted wife will not how ever he convinced, although her husband is an Irishman and the man she claims is from far north the Tweed, and she regrets he is not taken into custody. It is reported that a few nights ago an attempt was made to do injury to the gas works by some person who took the weights off the gasometer which supplies the town. The fact became known in time to prevent any accident. At the Police Court, yesterday, Thomas Floydd was brought up for having been drunk and dis orderly. This being his third offence, he was fined 40s or, in default, sent to gaol for one month. We call the attention of our sporting readers to an advertisement in another column -containing the programme of sports at the forthcoming races at Ne\V8tead, on the 19th inst. Our racing friends will not fail to perceive that the prize list is a liberal one, and those of our readers who love rac ing for its own sake as a sport, at once British in its character and origin, and regard it as exercising a beueficial influeuce on the rural economy of the country, will anticipate from the published pro gramme of these races a day of first rate sport on the pretty racecourse of Newstead. A reward of £25 is offered by the Government for information which shall lead to the conviction of the person who set fire to the house of Cornelius Corbit, in Bourke- street, Landsborough,on themorn- ing of the 1st ultimo. A reward of £20 is offered for the conviction of the person who laid a female child at the door of Isaac Roff, Collins street east, on the 13th November. A reward of L50 is offered for information which shall lead to the convic tion of the person who deposited the skeleton of a child in the Melbourne Cemetery, on, the 5th No vember. We take the following from Wednesday's Herald : — The immigrant girls selected by Miss Rye, who recently arrived by the Red Jacket, have all found engagements. It is, however, but fair to the Emigration Commissioners to state that the experiment has been so far successful, that the new arrivals show no improvement upon the. immigrants who reach the colony in the ordinary way, and that the excessive laudation. with which Miss Rye's exertions were hailed by the English Press, appears to have had bub slender foundation in fact. The arrangements at the Immigration Depot are very good, but the accommodation is lamentably insuffi cient. At present all married couples arriving by immigrant ships have to be sent to Geeloug, in consequence of the utter impossibility of finding room for them in Melbourne. A remarkable escape from accident occurred oil Monday, as the Ballarat train was on its way to Melbourne. The train was proceeding at its ordi nary rate near Wafrenheip, when a lunatic, who was being conveyed from Ararat to Melbourne by a police constable, took advantage of the officer being engaged fitting one window of the compart ment of the carriage, to get out of the other window. He had managed to force himself more than half way through, when the officer observed him, and took hold of him to pull him back, but his clothing giving way the madman accomplished his purpose, and strange to say without injury to himself, as he immediately got up and ran through a paddock towards the bush. The train being stopped as soon as possible, Mr Wkitemau, of Eme rald Hill, and Mr Byrne, of the Railway hotel, Kin-street, thiuking the fellow was an escaped criminal, made chase after him, but the poor fellow saved them much trouble, as he doubled quite round towards them and was easily captured. Had any sane man attempted the feat, it is almost cer tain that he would have been killed in the attempt, on account of the speed at which the train was tra velling. Amongst the passengers by the Rangitoto, from New Zealaud. was the Hon. J. L. V. Foster, who \- arrived by the last mail from Panama. The Herald .writes :— Mr Foster took a very prominent part in the early history of Victoria. Originally engaged in squatting pursuits in conjunction with Sir Wil liam (tbeu Mr) Stawell, he, at" a very early period, sat for Port Phil ip in the New South Wales Legis lature, and was at one time defeated by no less a person than Earl Grey, this course being adopted .by the popular party for the purpose of showing that representation in' Sydney was a farce. Mr Foster left for Euslaud some time before separation, and in the latter portion of 1852 arrived here as Colonial Secretary. As such he is responsible for much of the misgovernment which drove the miners to rebellion, while, at the same time, he deserves an immense amount of credit for the ability dis played by him in organising the various depart ments of government on the efficient, although per haps somewhat expensive, scale they subsequently assumed. Mr Foster resigned early in 1855, and was succeeded by Mr Haines. Constitutional go- .vernmeut was inaugurated in 1S56, and Mr Foster came back to office as Treasurer, with Mr O'Sbau- assy as Chief Secretary. The new regime, bow- ever, was a very short one, only lasting a few- weeks, and Mr Foster has not since been in office. Upon Mr Haines having again to retire in 1S5S, the question of who should have the pension accru ing to the office of Colonial Secretary under irres ponsible government came before the House, and it was, perhaps somewhat unfairly-, decided in favor of Mr Haines. Mr Foster's visit to Victoria is un derstood to have some connection with this ques tion. How a squatter took his revenge is shown by the following, wheh \ve take from yesterday's Beocligo Advertiser : — "There is a popular impression that squatters are opposed to the settlement of the people on the land, or to anything that will in. any way curtail their runs, or deprive them of the advantage of possessing " immense .areas, of the public lands. That this impression is not a delusion, the history of squatterdom furnishes ample testimony, and every now and then cases occur., to deepen the im pression. A notable instance to the point was dragged out of a complainant, yesterday, in the dis trict police court, by the cross-examining barrister, Mr J. J. Casey. The case was one in which two men in the employ of a Mr Barbour were charged by Frederick Feiiton, a squatter at Raveoswood, with damaging trees ou his feuced-iu-laud, by cut ting down and carting them to their employers's saw mill. The defence set up was that an agree ment had been made between Mr Fenton and Mr Barbour, that the latter was to get what trees he wanted at 3s each. Nothing occurred to mar the harmony of the arrangement, until it was "found; that a petition to the Government was in course of signature for an enlargement of the common in the Ravenswood district. This enlargement, of course, implied the taking a slice off .Mr Fenton's run. To the petition Mr Barbour' affixed his s gnature ; it was seen by Mr Fenton, and he took his revenge 'by putting an end to the agreement, because— and this was the point elicited by Mr Casey—' Mr Barbour had put his name to a p tition asking Government for a common in the district.'" We learn. from the Ballarat papers that the in quest on the body of J'ames M'Laren, found buried under most suspicious circumstances at the end of the yai-d attached to his own dwelling, situated nearly opposite the Half- way House, Buninyong road, was resumed at that hotel on Tuesday after noon. The deceased's wife, Elizabeth Ann Jane M'Laren, together with a man named William Sutherland, who had been living in the house about the time of the deceased's disappearance, aud also about the time the body was discovered, wore in custody during the investigation, which was con tinued until. a late hour in the evening. The evi dence previously adduced, which strongly went to show that the unfortunate man had come by his death by foul "means, was supplemented by a large .amount of evidence tendered by a cousderable num ber of additional witnesses exatniued. Nothing, how ever, of much additional interest was elicited, ex cepting the fact#tbat screams, were heard in the neighborhood of the house . between eleven and twelve o'clock at .niglit some ..weeks ago. The addi tional evidence was generally corroborative of what ffiad-beeu previously adduced relative to the conflict ing statements made by the prisoners as to tlie de ceased's disappearance and other "such points in the case, and did not appear materially to touch ou the precise circumstances which led to the deceased's death. The evidence having been concluded, the jury found a verdict— " That the deceased's death took place on or about the 25th October last, in or about his own house in New Chum Gully, Bunin- yongshire, and was . caused by injuries to his brain caused by William Sutherland and Elizabeth Ann Jane M'Laren, and the jiuy were of opinion that the prisoners were guilty of wilful murder." The prisoners were then committed for trial on the coro ner's warrant, j The reports of the "Weddin rush, Bathurst, says a telegram, are exaggerated. There are only one hun dred and fifty golden holes. The lead has run out. Further prospecting has been unsuccessful. Six thousaud men are oil the field, and the number is increasing a thousand a day. If no fresh discovery takes place starvation and misery will ensue. There is uo water, and it is impossible to try the ground till the winter rains set in. The Government seem determined upon intro ducing the spy system into the various public offices. In more than one department, says the Herald, de- I tectives are employed to investigate the pecuniary means, mode of life, and social habits of the vari ous employees, and report upon them to the Minis terial Chief. Such a tyranny is almost too mon strous to be borne. How would the private Jives of some of the Ministers themselves bear such an investigation ? The Aboriginal Cricketers are going through a course of training that would do no harm to some wliitefellows. Mr T. Wills writing on the subject, 8'iys— The blacks shape well. I give them six hours a day, good hard work. We played sixteen of the district yesterday. They got 34. Johnny Mullagh and myself took all the wickets. We scored 170, with three wickets to go down. Mul lagh made 81, and not out, against bowling like Figgis. This is a fact, not bad, eh ? Mullagh is a fine bat. The blacks field splendidly and by the 26th they will" be goodf average bats." This from the best judge in the colony of a cricketer's capabil ities ineaus volumes, and a rich treat may be antici pated when Greek meets Greek on the Melbourne ground ou Boxing Day. The Majorca Independent gives the following excellent advice to s ttlers as to the precautions to be taken for the prevention of dangers to " hearths and homes" from bush fires; — The heavy crop of grass in this locality is rapidly changing its colour. The seed is becoming ripe, and iu a very few days will be quite dry enough to burn rapidly ; great caution should therefore be exercised by those re siding in the bush to clear a circle round their dwellings, as, with the quantity of herbage now "upon the laud, it would be almost, impossible to , stay the course of a conflagration. Id would be a ' good plan for those who bold blocks in the bush to plough three or four furrows' on the outside of their allotments, as, in many cases, the fencing would also burn like tinder. This is how they manage matters in New South Wales. The Booligal police arrested three men on a charge of forgery at Wallanthery, and having leg-ironed them, commenced to drink with them, and kept it up until the third morning, when they liberated them, and let them go about their busi ness. A sergeant from Hay shortly after came up, and having learned the particulars, started with the two police in pursuit with the hope of recapture. They fell in with the parties in a bend of the river, where they were feeding their horses, and seeing the police the men mounted and galloped away. The two police were brought up at the police- office, Booligal, before Captain Brown. Several witnesses were examined, but two not attending to the sum mons, warrants were issued against tbem to insure their attendance, and the case was adjourned. The Talbot Leader is responsible for the follow ing A singular discovery with reference to the curative properties of kerosene has been brought under our notice. It seems a few days since a man saw a horse in a most dilapidated condition grazing in a paddock nob far from Talbot. Its skin was partly peeled from the body, and there were several sores in the flesh. With a view to put the animal out of its misery, aud thinking his remedy would "have this effect, the mail suggested to the owner that he should throw kerosene over it. The idea seemed a bappy one to the owner, and he put it into practice. A few days afterwards, however, he was gratified by seeing his horse gyrating about the paddock apparently in the happiest state of mind possible in a quadruped, and with a beautiful, glossy, aud whole skin in p'ace of the unsightly and dilapidated one it had before the kerosene was applied. " A reverend ruffian " is the appropriate heading given by the Hamilton Spectator to the following paragraph : — Mr Graham, the Presbyterian clergy man officiating at Casterton and Oolernine, has brought disgrace upon his cloth and ineffable scorn upon himself, by conduct which we have hesitated to mention upon bare rumor. It seems, however, that there is uo occasion for such delicacy, as the fellow has made a full confession and levanted. ' It is said that he "fell in love" with an amiable young lady, acting as governess in the family of a well known squatter, and having proposed for her hand, was met with a fiat, and as circumstances turned out, fortunate refusal. By way of retalia tion, he wrote several anonymous letters, reflecting on the fair fame of the lady, charging her with con duct which we shall nob particularise. At leugth, the authorship of these villauous scandals was brought home to the reverend ruffian, who was obliged to admit his wickedness. The only redeem ing part of the matter is that the unmanly fellow has cleared out. We (Express) have learned from a reliable source an incident or two in the career of Burke, or Closky, executed last week for the murder of Mr Hurst, that throws fresh light on the character of the bush ranger. About 12 years ago he was in the employ of Mr K — — , a draper of North Melbourne. Burke, then a mere lad, absoonded, after robbing his mas ter's drawer of twelve shillings. The latter saw no more of the runaway till about two years ago, when one day a rough looking young man called, aud asked Mr K if he recognised him. Mr K replied in the negative, till a sudden turn of the stranger's head revealed the profile of the dishonest apprentice. He said he had not long been out of gaol, and could not leave without begging forgive ness for the wrong he had done. Mr K gener ously assured Burke that lie was pardoned, and offered to assist him with money. Burke, however, declined this, saying that all he wanted was the forgiveness of one who had been a true friend to him. The next time Mr K had an iuterview with Burke, was shortly before the execution. Burke then sent for Mr K , and on meeting him in the cell, the iron- nerved convict burst into tears. On Wednesday afternoon Mr Edward M 'Clean; late of Corinella Hotel, Blanket Flat, but now of Smeaton Plains, says the Express, was coming on horseback, in company with another man, from the Old Racecourse in the direction- of- Daylesford, when this side of Spring Creek and near the exca vation above Lucini's hotel his girth broke, and continuing on his journey a little farther, a swerve of the horse brought Mr M 'Clean to the ground. His companion left Mr M 'Clean to secure the horse, and was detained iu this work some time. In the meantime Mr F. Rotanzi, of Spring Creek, came past, and with two other men lifted up Mr M'Cleau who, at the time, was insensible. Having restored him to consciousness, Mr Rotanzi brought a cart and removed M'Clean to the Roma Hotel. The services of Dr M'Nicoll were secured, and after washing his face and bandaging his head, Mr M 'Clean was enabled to resume his journey homeward. The injuries consisted of a very ugly scalp wound, ex tending from his forehead to the back of the left ear, and nasty bruises and scratches on the face aud bauds. Mr Lucini, Mr Borsa aud others rendered every attention in their power to the sufferer. Last night, says the Advertiser, about half-past ten o'clock, a resident of Epsom named Mr Ranee was passing the Albion Hotel, Sandhurst, on his way home, wheu a dark object, lying on the steps of the verandah, attracted his notice. Going close up he found the object to he a young woman, re spectably dressed in black, with a small bundle and a reticule lying beside her. He thought she was under the influence of liquor, and while considering what steps to take, he heard the cry of an iufantile voice, but saw no child. He spoke to the woman, who told him she had given birth to a child, aud that she: -was married. Mr Ranee, on looking, found the childdying on-the cold pavement, aud set off to search for a doctor, calling successively on Drs Atkinson,- Boyd, Hoyle, and Barnett, but none of them were in. He then found a policeman at Wattle Square, and he soon procured the services of Dr Bethaui. who, having done what was necessary, assisted by "Dr Hugh Boyd, carried the woman into the Albion hotel, where "she was put to bed, the child having preceded her; She was very weak- and too ill to: bear the fatigue of questioning, but she gave her name as. Harris,- and - stated that she had come that day Trom Tnglewood, to be confined. v. 