NEWS AND NOTES. The hOD. the Speaker issued writs on Monday for the c-lecuon of members for the electoral districts ol Castle tmiine, Ballarat West, and Rodney, in the place of S. II. Bindon, Esq., W. M. K. Vale, Esq., and J. Mac gregor, Eeq., who havo aceeptcd oflices of profit under the Crown. The following arrangements have been made for the election:-Castlemaine-Date of writ, 23rd July; date of nomination, 1st AuguBt; day of polling, 7th August; return of writ, 15th August. BaliaraiWest-Date of writ, 23rd July; date of nomination, 31st July; day of polling, 6th August; return of writ,. 14th August. Rodney Date of writ, 23rd July; date of nomination, lit August; day of polling, 7th August; return of writ, 15th August. A requisition has been presented to the mayor of the Western borough to call a meeting " to take into consideration the advisability of having a peal of bells for the town, and, if possible, to take proper steps to procure" the belle. The mayor haB called a meeting for Tuesday evening next, in the lecture room of the Mechanics' Institute. The Koh-i-Noor and Warrinr Couayaulea came to loggerheads on Tuesday afternooD, through the for mer company driving into the Warrior Company's Bhaft. The police were sent for to interfere, and in the evening a party of constables proceeded to the Warrior Company's claim, but as they were power less in a matter so far " beneath" their notice, the underground dispute being evidently one involving the legal rights of the two companies, they marched back to the Camp as they came, leaving it to the companies to settle their present difficulty before hii Honor Judge Rogers in the Court of Mines. It iB possible that the matter vill come before the judge in chambers to-day. A prize flght for £25 a-side was arranged to come off on Tuesday forenoon in the neighborhood of Mount Rowan, between two young men named Jimmy Martin and Joe Cane, but the police having opportunely interfered tho patrons of the ring who assembled to witness the sport were temporarily disappointed. It appeared however that the com batants' met each other later in the day, in the direc tion of Burrumbeet, and " had it out.'' The fight, we are informed, resulting in favor of Martin, who with his opponent, was afterwards taken into cus tody. Both men are represented os bearing marks ol their encounter. They will be brought before the Eastern Police Court to-day. Tho memorial .o the Executive in favor of Hugh Ah Konn has beei transmitted to the Government. It wan signed by 120 persons, all Europeans, and including the Revs. Messrs Power and Ah Ly, the district coroner, and several other medical men. Three charges of forgery and uttering were pro ceeded with at the District Police Court, on Tues day, against Richard Martin, who Traa sentenced at the last sitting of the Circuit Court, to a term of imprisonment ia a caee involving a similar offence, and in each of the cases he wbb committed for trial. The prisoner previously occupied a respectable posi tion in Ballarat, and wsb at one time engaged as a schoolmaster. It appearB that he baB a peculiar failing for committing such offences, and when he iras arrested several other cheques were found in his possession which he has probably not had an oppor tunity of uttering. A numerously signed requisition to become a can didate at the ensuing election was presented by the ratepayers of the west riding of Ripon to Mt Hugh Arthur, at tbe Stockyard Hill hotel, on Saturday evening last. Mr Hugh Cushing occupied tbe chair. After the chairman had presented the requisition, Mr Arthur returned his lincere thanks, and. stated that if returned he would make it his partipular duty to look alter the interests of the district. Pro posed by Mr A. Poison, and seconded by Mr Wauchop, that a committee be formed to further the interests of Mr Arthur. The motion was carried, and quickly responded to by several gentlemen. Proposed by Mr A. Poison, and seconded by Mr R. Wright, that a night bo appointed for tbe candidates to come forward and express their views. Carried. After a vote of thanks to tho chairman tho meeting separated. On Friday evening the Ballarat Harmonic Society ?will render, at the Mechanics' Institute, Handel's serenata " Acis and Galatea," and Romberg's " Lay of the Bell"-both workB being perfectly new to Ballarat audiences, if not quite new to Ballarat people. "Acis and Galatea" is probably the only secular choral work of Handel, which, through some unaccountable accident, has been esteemed worthy of being ranked with his sacred productions-a vast number of the composer's other opera-like works having been consigned to most unmerited oblivion. " Acis and Galatea" is a Bbort work and replete with the composers most strikingly meritorious charac teristics, and has in London been produced on the Btage with gratifying success. Ovid, who alone men tions the Greek fable, states that Acis, tbe son of FaunuB and Symietbis, was beloved by the nymph Galatea, and Polyphemus, the Cyclop, being jealous, crushed him under a huge rock. His blood gushing forth was changed by tho nymph into the river Acis or Acinus, at the foot of Mount tna. This is probably no more than a happy fiction suggested by the manner in which the river springs from under a rock. Gay wrote the libretto, and Handel wedded the words and subject to some of his most telling choruses and delicious airs. " Tbe Lay of tbe Bell" is one of Romberg's most pleasing choral composi tions, the subject beiog derived and translated from Schiller. As we have said, the two works are novel ties in Ballarat, and we may further say that tbe society has spared no pnins worthily to produce them, Mrs Ellis, of the Emerald Hill society, ia to be the principal soprano. A special meeting of the committee of tho Horti cultural Society is called for this evening, at tho Mechanics' Institute. Mr Philip Russell, of Carngbam, has sent to the Rev. W. T. Whan, of Skipton, a cheque for £50, as a donation to church, school, and charitable purposes in that district. This handsome donation will, no doubt, prove very useful. We learn from tbe Geelong Regititr that a com mission to decide on applications for licenses to occupy land under tbe 42nd clause of the Amending Land Act, sai on Monday at the Road Board office, Meredith. There was a very large number of appli cations for consideration, but they were all decided on before tbe departure of tbe last train, A great deal of discontent was expressed at tbe fact of the Commission not being opened until after the arrival of the mid-day train, although ten o'cloc'i was tbe advertised time. Among the applicants were a few " dummies," but they wero the exception, not the rule. Late in the evening there were sundry rows and free fights outside the road board office, but beyond this, everything passed off satistactorily. The spawning of the brown trout in the breeding ponds at New Norfolk (Tasmania), commenced on the 16th instant. It may ha well to acquaint the public that after this month the transfer of Land Statute will come into operation, and that the forms under it are dif ferent from those used under the Real Property Act (commonly know as Torrens' Act). We learn from the Argus that arrangements were | made on Monday by the Immigration department, for the reception of the immigrants from tbe wrecked ship Netherby at the Exhibition Building, where beds have been fitted up, and where the whole of them will be accommodated. We are requested to state that as these poor people have lost almost all their clothing, and will be in great want of all kinds of necessaries, donations of cast off clothing for their use will be received at the Immigration Depot, or by Mr Moody, at his house in "William street, South Yarra. The remains of tho late Mr Duncan May, of Scrub Hill, Bullarook, were interred on Saturday, 21st July, in the family vault at the Daylesford Cemetery, to which they were followed by upwards of fifty horsemen, including four brothers of the deceased. He had been staying for a time in Geelong on ac count of ill health, and expired there. Greal sym pathy is felt for Mrs May, who is left with a large family. A Mr Lynch, of Melbourne, having seen the ac count in the columns of this journal of the finding of Mr Gaylor's child by Constable O'Neill, at Cres wick, forwarded him a cheque for £2 2s in a letter highly complimenting him for the zeal and humanity displayed by him on the occasion. The cheque and letter have been forwarded by Constable O'Neill to Mr Superintendent Hill, Ballarat, for his decision on the subject. Mr Kidgell, late master of the Mount Prospect School, expired at his residence on the morning of Sunday, 22nd July. The death of the deceased is believed to bave been accelerated by the news of tho terrible accident to his eon-in-law, Mr GreeD, on the Ballarat and Geelong railway. A branch of the National Bank is about being established at Learmonth, and on Tuesday, 24th July, an architect from Ballarat was engaged taking the levels of the site selected for the erection of the bank premises. Tbe want of such an institution (writes our Learmonth correspondent) has been long felt, and there is little doubt that it will be well supported by the farmers, storekeepers and others located in this large and important district. We are requested to intimate that a special meet ing of the committee of the Ballarat District Exhi bition will be held this (Wednesday) evening in No. 2 CIsbs Room, Mechanics" Institute, at eight o'clock precisely. Members are particularly requested to be present. Mrs John Bankin, sen., of Learmonth, met with a serious accident on the afternoon of the 24th July, through a fall by which one of her armB was broken in several places. Mrs Bankin being of an advanced age the setting and uniting of the bones will be painful and tedious, though every care and attention is being paid to her by Dr Lernan. The Due de Penthievre paid a visit to the claim of the Albion Company, Sebastopol, on Tuesday, and inspected the underground workings. Mr Wemyfls Jobson announces that he will "speak" this evening in the Exchange hall, Bridge street, on " Fenianism, and Ireland's Wrongs," on Thursday, on "Colonial Policy and the Country's Wants;" and on Friday on " Ministerial Tactics and Melbourne Mogsmen." A miner, named Joseph Squires, who was iDjured in the spine in May last, by a lump of black clay accidentally falling down upon him from the roofoi a drive in the Grand Trunk Company's claim, Springdallah, died at the hospital on Sunday. On Tuesday an inquest was held on his body, when a verdict waB returned of death arising from exhaus tion, brought on by the injuries he received. A vagrant named Patrick Kelly, confined in the gaol, died on Sunday last lrom coma, arising from dropsy, brought on by disease of the liver. Tho in quest necessary in all cases of prisoners dying in gaol, was duly held, The Bridge street Freehold Investment Company (Limited), has been incorporated, and a general meet ing was held at tho North Grant hotel, on Friday last, for the purpose of electing directors. The fol lowing were appointed, viz., Messrs Anderson, (chairman), Steinfeld, Twentyman, C. Wright, and H. Smith. We report in another column the proceedings at a meeting of the congregations of the Church of Eogland and Ireland in Ballarat. The mayor of Ballarat East presided, and the bishop, tbe arch deacon of Geelong, several other clergymen, his Honor Judge Rogers, and other gentlemen were on the platform. Messrs Gates and Sons, Peel street, have just com pleted the building of a clipper-yacht which will be launched on Lake Wendouree on Thursday. A special meeting of the committee of manage ment ol the Ballarat Orphanage was held at the office Tuesday evening. Present-Messrs Watson (pre sident), Steinfeld, and Lovitt (vice-presidents), Mar tin, Duncan, Kent, Dunn, Cuthbert, Morris, Rosen blum, Potter, Craddock, and Mullen. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and con firmed, a letter was read from the Loyal Learmonth Lodge, requesting Mr T. C. BarneB to be made a life governor, in consideration of tbe donation of £29 2s 10d, proceeds of a fete given last month in aid of the Orphanage. The request was complied with. Mr Little was also appointed a life governor, in conside ration of the £20 received bb surplus from the Dow Orphans' concert, of which he was the promoter. The architect, Mr CaBelli, submitted detailed draw ings and plana of internal fittings for tho asylum, and the sub-committee having reported thereon, they were adopted with a slight alteration. Tenders were ordered to be invited for a superintendent and matron, at a salary of £300 per annum. It was agreed that application should be made to tbo Water Commission for a supply of water for the use of the institution. Mr James Dodds was elected a member of the committee in place of Mr Nicholls resigned, and Mr ;I£ent was duly appointed a member of tbe bouse committee. It was resolved that Messrs Duncan and Lovitt be appointed to wait on the Rev. W. Henderson, and request him t<> deliver a lecture for the benefit of the institution, Previous to the holding of the above meeting, a general meeting of the subscrioers was held at the Mechanics' Institute, at which Mr G. F. Lovitt was appointed vice-presi dent in the room of Mr Peaks resigned. On the eveoiDg of Saturday, 21st July, a public meeting of the residents of Carngbam and vicinity was heid at Dalvcen's Criterion hotel, PreBton Hill, to take into consideration the opposition shown by some of the inhabitants in that quarter to the opera tion of the 42nd section of the Amending Land Act. Mr George Douglas occupied the chair. The chair man having briefly stated the object of the meeting and his reasons for taking part in the present move ment, called on Mr J. Walton to read a memorial which it was intended to forward to the President of the Board of Land and Works, and the purport of which was a request that the section referred to in the Amending Land Act be left to its ordinary opera tion in that locality; and also that the wooded ranges stretching from Mr Philip Russell's pre-emp tive section to LintoD, and the similar belt extending from Canico Flat in the same direction, be proclaimed a timber reserve. Mr Sigmund Franklin, in a speech warmly in favor of the operation of the clause in question, moved the adoption of the memorial. Mr Philip Last seconded the proposition. Mr Donald M'Donald criticised the memorial, and argued that, if adopted and acted upon by the Government, the miners in many instances would be entirely at the mercy of applicants for land under tho present sec i tion of the Act. He moved as an amendment that ; the memorial be not adopted. Tliis was seconded by Mr James Laidlaw. Mr Andrew M'Donell, M.M.B., supported the adoption of the memorial, expressing his conviction that great benefits would accrue to all claaseB from the working of the present system, ' both as regards settlement and increased production of tlio necessaries of life. The amendment and | motion having been put to the meeting, the chairman declared the latter carried almost unanimously. It waB then resolved that the memorial bo Bigned and forwarded as soon as practicable. The M. A. Mail says-" We observe that the oracular utterance of Mr Sullivan relative to the prospects of water supply to the mining districts, has already called forth a demonstration of feeling against the Government. In Bendigo a public meet ing is to be held, and a determined agitation has been commenced, with a view to counteract the laok i-daisical policy of the authorities. Might it not be worth while for Castlemaine to join in the protest? or are wo to be content to accept the new Minister uf Justice in lieu of the Coliban?" The performance at the Theatre Royal laBt even ing was very fairly patronised. To-night a new play entitled "Love's Foresight," translated from the Danish by Mr Louis Haxthausen, of Ballarat, will be produced, in which Miss Bowring and Mr Steele will take principal characters. The perform ance to-night is under the distinguished patronage of the Due de Penthievre and the other distinguished gentlemen accompanying him on his tour throughout the colony. With such combined attractions, a good house may be fairly anticipated. The play, we understand, is one of considerable merit, and as being a novelty in the matter of translation and adaptation, should attract a good deal of interest. 