THE MERCURA. WEDNESDAY MORNING, MARCH 7, 1866.1 Ir it is at any time our misfortune to be drawn into controversy, commend us to a gentleman, and not to a lady. We do not say this, as is sometimes said, because ladies find it exceedingly difficult to confine themselves within thestrictrules ofargument, but simply because our gallantry restrains us from the exercise of any very ardent \ wishes for a triumph, however easy of attain- ment. To this, we may also add, it not unfrequently happens that we have to say things to justify our position when called upon to argue with a gentleman, which we should hardly ever say to a lady, and nevor without the deepest reluctance. Especially must this be the case, when the argument takes anything of a personal turn. "Wo hardly know what to do, there- fore, with the letter of Miss Maria S. Bte, which appears in another column. It contains too niauy things with which we do not agree to bo passed over in silence, and yet we do not wish to say a single word that could by any pos- sibility be thought discourteous Miss Bye starts willi the expression of a wish that we would allow her to correct two " serious errors " into which we fell in our leader of the 2nd inst. One of those errors was, " the mistaken idea that she is only interested in the emigration of educated women." Now, although we hardly said so much as that, we should probably have been right, if we had done so. At any rate, wo might liave appealed to the pamphlet Miss Bee has forwarded to us, which contains the rules of the society for promoting female middle .lass emigration, of which she is one of the honorary secretaries, as a proof of that position. Tho very first rule of the so- ciety in connection with which Miss Bye is acting says:-"The society confines itself entirely to educated women,-no applicants being accepted who are not sufficiently edu- cated to undertake the duties of a nursery governess." What has Miss Bye to say to that ? Does it not clearly bear out the idea, "mistaken" as she may think it, that she is chiefly, if not exclusively, interested in the emigration of educated women ? Lot us not, however, do Miss Bye the in- justice of taking a one-sided view of the case. In the pamphlet she has forwarded to us, which is without date, but which was evi- dently printed before she left England for these colonies,-there is appended to the rules of the Bociety a report,-which neither bears any date, nor appears to have been presented to anybody, in which Miss Bye is spoken of as having sent out other persons, besides those sent out by the female middle class emigration society. Their number, in fact, seems to have been, as she states it in the body of her letter, nearly six times that of those sent out by the society, of which she is one of the honorary secretaries. But to what extent does that affect the case ? By which are we to be guided, by the rules of the society, of which she is one of the honorary secretaries, or by the report which is ap- pended to it, but which doos not appear to hav3 been presented to anybody ? The report concludes thus :-" Mis Bye is now on her way to the New Zealand aud Australian colonies, where she in- tends to investigate the whole subject of femalo emigration, and to complete the society's colonial organisation. During her absence, the work will be proceeded with according to her parting advice, ' slowly aud cautiously.' The society is anxious to carry on a work which has commenced so well, and promises so fairly, and for this purpose further donations and subscriptions aro earnestly solicited." What work? That of sending out educated womon only, as stated in the first rule of tho society, or that of sending out uneducated women from tho manufacturing districts, which Miss Bye is ' said to have superadded to it ? Whatever Miss Bye may now say to tho contrary, the colonial public were undoubtedly led to believe that her efforts were to be confined in the first instance chiefly, if not exclusively, to the sending out of governesses. How to reply to the statements of a lady who takes upon herself to be so decidedly the judge in her owu case as Miss Bye does oh the second point in our leader to which sho objects, it is hard to determine. We cer- tainly understood her scheme to have been m failure in Otago and Queensland, and she is probably right in thinking that we in com- mon with others arrived at that impression from the fact of her having been led to speak so very strongly after her arrival in Dunedin of the filthy condition of the emigrant bar- racks there,andoftVetotalabsenceof all moral control over the young women on their arrival in the colony. Nor should Miss Bye have looked for anything else as the re- sult of the course she thought fit lo pur- sue, not only in Dunedin, but subse- quently by her letters in the London papers, and more recently by her complaints of a more public or private nature in refer- ence to Queensland. Wo cannot refer to her letters iu reference to Otago at this moment, but to the best of our recollection' they bore a very strong resemblance to what she says in her present letter of Queensland, and were not calculated to give us a very' exalted opinion of the spirit in which she' was endeavoring to carry out her mission. In fact, the papers teemed with letters and articles at the time of her arrival in these colonies, in which it was boldly asserted that her governess scheme had turned out a complete failure. And what has Miss Bye to say to this? She says this is quite a mistake. The whole of the two parties sent out to Otago and Queensland, amounting to twohundred in number, have done remarkably well, with the exception of some dozeu, and that she has every reason to be satisfied with the results. That is a new view of the case most certainly. But if two hundred only have been sent to Otago and Queensland, what has become of the other hundred and sixty-nine said to have been sent out before Miss Bye left England ? Supposing nothing to havo been done since she left, she has still three hundred and sixty-nine to account for, according to the report she has forwarded to us. And what has she done with the difference between them and the two hundred? Nay more, what has the society been doing since ? On no account do we wish to call in ques- tion the perfect accuracy of what Miss Bye says of the resulta of her own labors But we should not, we think, be doing justice to Miss Bye, to Queensland, or to ourselves, were we not to express our unqualified dis- approval of the manner in which she speaks of Queensland immigration in the concluding portion of her present letter. In vain does .he appeal to what she has seen with her own eyes for a confirmation of what sho I says. She must have boen mistaken. In vain does she send us to the Brisbane papers for a confirmation of the details into which she enters. We have examined each of the papers she mentions, and fiud nothing in either of them half bo re- volting as what is contained in her letter. She has even gone much beyond what she stated in her letter to Mr. S. Walcott,-to which Mr. Jordan*, the Queensland immi- gration agent, has, as we stated in a former article, satisfactorily replied, according to our view of the case. Wo say Miss Bye must bo mistaken. Humanity shudders at tho thought of such revolting details Who can bring themselves to believe thifc Miss Bye " has seen Bick children brought from the ships in Queensland in so filthy a condition that they had to be soaked in hot water and soda, and then scraped ?" Who can bring themselves to believe that she "has seen the skeleton Burvivors of ships wbore starvation and death have carried off ninety-two of the passengers, - a body dropped overboard every other day," and yet that she knows aud has a great deal worse titan all this to say ? When we say, or, at least, wish to couvey the im- pression, that we do not believe a word of this, we do not wish to impugn Miss Bye's veracity. We simply repeat that she must bo mistaken. It appears to us, in fact, that Miss Bye has lost sight of the chief object of her mission to these colonies, and lias sub- stituted another and a very inferior one for it. Shs was, indeed, " to investigate the whole subject of female emi- gration" to these colonies. But has she done so in a spirit of fairness ? Has not every cloud its silver lining? And might not Miss Bye have found something to com- mend, if she had tried, iustead of everything to blame ? If she had said of this colony what she has said of Otago and Queensland, she would have had the whole people up inarms against her. What the Quoenalaudpeople will say when they getasight of her present letter, it is easier to conceive than describe. But we did not feel that we had any right to withhold it. Whether Miss Bye should be requested to take any of our bounty tickets is a question that must be left entirely to tho decision of the government. Death by Burning.-Another of those lamen- table accidents, which are of such frequent occur- rence, viz., accidental death by burning, occurred yesterday afternoon. The circumstance« in this instance are that a woman named Margaret Finn, wife of a laborer living at Ridgeway, on the Huon Road, left her little boy Patrick Finn, aged about two years, about two o'clock in the afternoon playing outside the hut with a younger child, and on her return to them in a fe w moments, she found the clothes of the boy Patrick in flames. They were immediately extinguished, and the mother brought the child to the Hospital, but the poor infant was found dead in her arms when she arrived there. Psubls.-On Monday a party of gentlemen who were fishing at Brown's River, having pro- vided themselves with sume mussels for bait.fuuud in some of the shells a number of beautiful little pearls, of the size of about Urge pius' head*. Gue of the gentlemen brought up some specimens, which were kindly shown to a member of our establishment. LuTTKaspostedycsterdayinsufBcientlystaniped: -Miss Macdowell, at-Egg, Ksa., Melbourne; Miss S. A. Manly, Mayfield House ; Master Chokee Crowther, Macquarie-street ; Mr. John Page, jua, Lemon Springs; Messrs. Strachan aud Co., Geelong. Royal Socibtt'i Gaidbns.-The Band of the Second Rifles, under the direction of Mr. William Thom«», will perform at the Royal Society's Gardens to-morrow afternoon. The following is the programme : - Overture, " Les Sireues" . R Marie. Quadrillo, " Royal Danish". J. fíttiert. Polka "Jemmy Smyke" . W.H.HanU». Schottisch, " La Norma" . Blancketeau. Selectiou,"Les Huguenots". Meyerbeer. Waltz, .> Rosette" . J. Blane. Polka, "Royal Trumpet" . Sttnebrum/eu. Galop, " Eu Avant" . Blanchtleau. Ood Save the Queen. i Th« Gift.-The beautiful minion yacht Gift ?tart« on her first cruise to day. Archdeacon Reibey, John Forster, F.gq., and other gentlemen form the party. They st 1 direct for Circular Head, and then they will visit the islands on the Straits.-kwamiaer. A FoBTUNaTB Family.-Last week, P. Richard Head, a carpenter, living at Wbrpleston, Surrey, just as he was discharged from his employment, received a letter acquainting him that his wife'« uncle-? Mr. Ring, of Petersfield, Hants-had died, and that by toe event Head's wife and her three ritters, all occupying an humble pos- ition, bad become entitled to equal shares in £200,000. A Queen'« counsel of eminence ha« pronounced the title of the sisters «ood, so that they may expect shortly to receive their £50,000 respective y. 