A case of infant mortality at " tho nursery ' belonging to tlio Industrial Schools, in_ Flinders street, was brought under publio notico a few days ago by a correspondent in our columns, wliinli null. for tho light of public opinion being let in upon that establishment and its manage ment. Wo have waited now a week since our correspondent's letter appeared, in the hope that tlio official gentleman, whose conduct is chiefly impugned in the matter, V. . v"u "cuussiiy euuer or contra dicting tlio statements of our correspondent, if it wore untrue, or of ofl'ering some explanation which would do away with the harsh and cruel aspect of the case as represented in the letter referred to, if tho matter admitted of explanation or ex tenuation. Dr. M'Cbba, the chief medical officer, however, who is tho person charged by our correspondent with the harsh pro ceedings which led to tho death of tho infant in question, has not thought fit to notice tho affair ; and tho infcrcnco naturally is that our correspondent's nar rative is a truo representation of the facts, and docs not admit cither of explanation or oxtonuation. If this is so, then tho painful conviction is forced upon us that a. system of treatment is pursued in tho Industrial Schools' nursery, towards tho unfortunato little foundlings or orphans sent to that establishment, which amounts to a systemat- ised practice of killing them off in the shortest possible space of time ; and that this stylo of." working- off" the hapless little creatures who aro supposed to find an nsylum in "the nursery" is carried out under tho sanction and by the express orders of Dr. M'Ceea. Wo do not wish to come to this conclusion. On the contrary, we would gladly hope it might be shown that our correspondent's account is at_ least exaggerated, and that duo regard is_ paid in " the nursery" to tho preservation of tho infant lifo en trusted to tho caro of those who conduct and control the management of tho place. _ But in tho absenco of all ex planation or observation from Dr. M'Ckea, who is point- blank charged \nth directing a course of proceed ing which has proved fatal in tho instance referred to, and which, there is reason to fear, proves fatal generally to tlio_ infants subjected to it — it only re mains for us to direct the special notico of tho publio to tlio matter. The statement of our correspondent, whose lottcr appearod in The Herald of Saturday last, tho 1st instant, ib that on Saturday, tho 17th of November nit., tho roBidont medical officer of tho Industrial Schools, I'rinco's Bridge, rooommended that a wot-nurso should bo engaged for a male infant, which bad been brought to tho establishment by tho police in tho usual legal manner. Tho infant, which was a fine healthy child of throe weeks old, had been found in tho streets. In accordance with the medical resident's recommendation tho superintendent of the schools applied for, and obtained nt tho Immigrants' Homo a suitablo person to nurse tho child. This person, a young woman, wns accordingly located as the wet-nurse of tho infant at " the nursory " in Flinders street, and tho child took readily to its newly-provided fostcr- mothor, end fondled in tho enjoy ment of tho life-giving stream, _ ns if it ! was its own mother's milk, which n stranger's breast yielded. In tho courso of tho samo day, and some hours after tho new nurse had taken her young chnrgo to hor arms, Dr. M'Ckea visitod " the nursery." Ho at once dis approved of tho hiring of tho wet-nurse, dismissed her on the spot, and gave ordors that tho child Bhould be treated as all tho other infant foundlings had boon, and be brought up by hand-feeding. Five days subsequently, tho healthy child, who bad been thriving on the natural food of a mother's milk, succumbed to tho loss of that natural nutriment and died — a victim to Dr. M'Crea's system of hand-feeding. It does not appear that any inquest wns held on tho body of tho helpless littlo victim of Itcd-tape, or anything was dono as though tho case were nn_ exception to tlio ordinary courso cf things at "tho nursery." In fact, tho caso seems tohavo been regarded as the usual way of dealing with infant lifo in this establishment for foundlings. Thoy aro, in conformity with a rigidly fixed system, subjected to a modo of treatmont, viz., band-feeding, which almost always fails to preserve infant life. If, by some fortuitous circumstance, such as extraordinary vigour of constitu tion, any of them survive this style of mining, so far thcro is nn unexpected success in saving tlio existonce of tho littlo cast-away. But if, as is almost invariably the rnlo in attempting to rear children by band-feeding, the littlo creatures perish, then of courso it is very sad, but the red-tapo regitno has no help for it. " Tho nursery" performed its functions in the duo official style, and if constant mortality amongst the foundlings was tho result— what then ? Was Dr. M'Cbea to havo a regiment of wet-nurses, at a somewhat increased expenditure, daily marshalled before bis eyes, com forting and sustaining, and preserving lifo to the young waifs and strays of hu manity, who were thrown as a burden upon tlio finances of the State ? And in tlicso times of retrenchment, too, when superfluous Government clerks, Custom house boatmen, and stipendiary magis trates, are being removed from tho Civil Servico, is it to bo thought of that wet- nurses forsooth must bo provided for the abandoned infants that are picked np in the streets ? Dr. M'Ceea should rather think not. Ho docs not believo in that sort of thing. It is all very well for people who want to come out in tho character of tho good Samaritan," to talk of pro viding a mother's milk for tho sustenance of infant foundlings. But no head of " a department," or sub-head of " a branch" in the Civil Servico, who has to keop down " contingencies" and other ex penses, in order that ho may keep up his own salary and allowances, could tlunk for a momont of entertaining such an item as wot nurses to suckle infant foundlitigs. Tho thing is so extravagant! Besides, what, after all, is it if tho little miserablcs do die under the patent double-action " happy dispatch" system of infant nursing devised by, and carried out under tho direct supervision of, the illustrious Vic torian Sangbado himself? Won't we all die some timo or another ? and of lew years moro or loss intervening bofore that final result — especially in the case of mere foundlings ? Is this Dr. M'Cbea's modo of viewing tho matter ? It would seem to bo so, from the account givon to us of this miserable affair. Wo might, indeed, humbly venture to suggest that this is not Pagan China, where children aro regarded as a nuisance, but a Christian British country, where human life, infant or adult, _ is generally supposed to bo a sacred thing, which no eilort should be spared to savo from destruction. But wo abstain, at tho present stage of tho affair at least, from attempting to obtrude our common-place notions of Christian obligation upon such a compendium of self-complacent, official superciliousness as the Medical Pacha of tho Victorian Civil Servico. Besides, we bear in mind how a mean penuriousness in high official quarters, a short time back, brought down loathsome disease, suffering, and misery unexampled, upon tho unfortunate little inmates of the Industrial Schools at Sun- bury. We know it is of no use appealing to tho harsh spirit of false economy which radiates from the Chief Secretary's office downwards to tho bureau of Mr. Medico M'Cbea. Tho culpable parties in such cases can bo forced into right courses solely by exposing them and their heart less misdeeds to tho scorn and reprobation of publie opinion. And it is to that end that wo now arraign tho cruel course of treatment to which, it appears, the found lings that fall into tho hands of the Go vernment are exposed. The value of tlio cereals Imported into Vic toria from South Australia during 18o4 was LG87,410, during 18G5 L5G9,097, nnd during the first six months of the eurrent year L270,009. Nearly the whole of this large amount was for wheat and fiour, 967,925 bushels of tho former, and 14,702 tons of the latter, having been im ported la 1 894, nnd 520,715 bushels and 13,989 tons in 18G5. The annual rifle match between Ihe chosen marksmen of Now Ssuth IVolcs and Victoria was commenced yesterday, at the Sandridge butts. His Excellency the Governor was one of the few visitors present on the ground during the afternoon. At the first range of 290 yards Victoria gained three points. At the next dis tance of 300 yards New South Wales was five points ahead, still leaving two points upon the total to tho credit of this colony. So far as the 5011 yards range has been proceeded with, Victoria Btands one point in advance. Tho firing will be resumed this morning. According to n country journal, an application will be made to Parliament soon after it as sembles for a ia-ge vote to bo expended in Increasing rolling stock upon railways, for want of which the returns aro very much less from tho several lines than they should be. The fire, which occurred nt the Olympic Theatre on Wednesday week, formed the subject of a colonial inquiry yesterday. It appeared from the statement of the person who had charge of the Turkish Untlis that the fire originated in the smoking-room of the German Association, but how it Ignited there was not elicited. Tho proprietor of the Turkish Baths was insured for L200, but this only covered about half of the damage done. The German Associa tion were insured for L769, but this amount was several hundreds below the loss. The jury re turned a verdict that the fire was accidentally caused. The Daylcsford Express bos learned from a reliable source an incident or two in the career of Burke, or Closky, executed last week for the murder of Air. Hurst, junior, throwing fresh light on the character of tho bushranger. About twelve years ago he was in tho employ of Mr. K , a draper of North Alclbourno. Burke, then a mere lad, absconded, after robbing bis master's drawer of 12s. Tho lotter saw no moro of tlio runaway till about two yoars ago, when one day a rough-looking young man called, and asked Air. K if ho recognised him. Atr. K replied in the negntiro, till a sudden turn of the strangor'e bead revealed the profllo of the dishonest apprentice. He said lie had not Ioug been out of gaol, and could not leave without begging forgiveness for the wrong he had done. Air. K generously assured Burke that ho wns pardoned, and offered to mslst Mm with money. Burko, however, declined this, saying that nil ho wnntcd was the forgiveness of one who had been n true friend to him. The next time Mr. Iv had an interview with liurkc, was shortly beforo the execution. Hurke then sent for Air. K , nnd on mooting him in the ceil, the iron-nerved convict burst into tears. Very heavy rains aro reported to have fnfien in the neighbourhood of tho Wnrrcgo nnd Darllug rivers. A circular is being sent round to tho various public bodies, asking for information as to the wnges paid in the district nnd tho description of labourers most required, for the guidance of tho Immigration Department. Among Ihe queries put is ilio following: — "Will the quantity of land taken up and cultivated under the Amended Land Act increase tho demand for agricultural labour in your district, aud to what extent ? " Tho Municipal Conference wns continued yes terday, and adjourned until this morning. Somo of Iho members mado an attempt to ad journ tbo cenference until next week, being anxious to return lo their homes before the end of tills week, ns they had not medo arrange ments for so long a stay as the deliberation: are likely to occupy, but the majority agreed to go on with the ccnrideralion of the bill lo-dsy. It ia not probable that the conference will he con cluded this week. A deputation, consisting of Councillors Powell and Lewia nnd the town clerk of St. Arnand, with Mr. C. II. Raven, secretary of the shire council of St. Arnaud, was introduced yesterday to tho Chief Secretary, by Alessrs. Love nud Byrne, AI.L.A.'s, to request that moil commu nication should bo established between St. Ar naud and East Charlton, by way of Yowan Hill, Cnon-over, and Spring Bnnk. The deputation explained the great necessity which existed for the establishment of n mail between the places named, staling that they were unable to obtnin letters only through great difficulty and loss ol time, Air. Al'Culioch expressed himself favour ably towards tbo object requested, but stated that he should require to bo furnished with sta tistics, in order to see if the Government would be warranted in Incurring tbo expense. Jacob Isaacs, a pawnbroker in Lonsdale street, appeared on bail, at tbe City Court yesterday morning, charged with feloniously receiving a quantity of stolen goods. A black silk dress, some diamonds and emeralds, that had been found in Isaacs' house, were sworn to as bn\lng been concealed, and the prisoner wss committed for trial. The performance of the band of the 14tb R'giment at tho Exhlhition-buildiog yesterday afternoon attracted a large number of visitors, but it being a half- crown day (he msjority were season-ticket holders. Tho official return shows that 771 Beason-ticket holders were admitted during the day, and 500 in the evening ; while 236 persons paid for admission during the day, and 124 at night. The gross cash receipts of tlio undertaking up to tho present timo amount to about L6000. The second edition of the catalogue will lie ready for circulation on Tues day next, and it is said to be very complete. Nearly nil tho gentlemeH who havo been ap pointed judges of the exhibits have consented to perform the onerous duties imposed upon them, and they will commenco lheir labours in n few days. Amongst tho latest adidtions to the carrioge court is a neat, roomy, and light carriage celled the " Suttou wagonetle," shown by tho builders, Alessrs. Stevenson and Elliot. It is a handsome nnd a very useful vehicle. Two actions wero tried in tho County Court yesterday, Crooke v. Alorton and Smith v. Bliss, In tho first tho plaintiff claimed the value of n buggy smashed in a collision at Prahran. The defendant denied that he was the cause of ihe accident, but after hearing a great deal of contradictory evidence, the Judge uwaruea rue piauuitt L.4U. Mr. Newton for plaintiff, Air. G. P. Smith for defendant. In Smith v. Bliss, tho defendant was sued on hills of exchange which he lied givon some years ago to Air. Cokcr, the consideration for them being, according to tho defendant, that Mr. Coktr's nainc had been excluded from a schedule of creditors of Air. Bliss, rt was stated that Smith bought the bills wiih the knowledge of these facts, nnd the Judgo therefore nonsuited liiin. Mr. P. L. Smyth for plaintiff, Air. G. P. Smith for defendant. The gold workings at Areroer's Hill are reaching beyond expectation, snjs tho Goelong z deevtisur . At a meeting held en Wednesday Eight, at the Star hotel, there were present, as representatives of tlio company, Messvs, Lowe, L. Ryan, Powell, Browno and Quinlan. The mcetiog was convened to consider the prospects got in the tunnelling and sinking at Alercer's Hill, arising nt the striking of nn upper reef, which is supposed lo he connected with Blower one on Ihe Chitweil flat. Air. Browne sub mitted a nugget weighing j-oz., and n smaller one weighing 2drvt., found ncBr the Cremorne hotel. A washing from the higher bar, nt 4ft. from Ihe surface, was submitted, which showed Ggr., cr n j-lwl., to the tin dish. It was resolved to report to a meeting, cnlled for Tues day next, tbe prospects of the undertaking, and to consider tho necessity of carrying on opera tions on a larger sealo, nnd by sinking for the present preferentially to carrying the tunnel further. By the Btoamer Alhambrn we have Hokltlko papers to Ihe 1st inst. Political matters In tbo province ol Canterbury appear to be very un settled ; one Allnistry has just been ousted nnd nnother has taken office, but nrinr tn ilia ml. journment of tho Council, to allow time for their re-eleotlon, notice was given ofnmo'hn of wont of confidence in tbe new Administration, which the local pnpere state Is almost certain lo he carried by a majority of three or four. Alining on tbe deep sinking system is about to be trkd '.at Guardian Flat, Jones' Creek, near Ilokitika; and a gentleman has been commissioned to pur chase ia Melbourne boring rods and machinery for the experiment, which tho promoters are very sanguine will result woil. Sullivan, tho informer in tho Alaungatapu murder ees», lmd been brought to Hokitika foe the purpose of beiog examined as a witness against the men charged with the murder of Air. Dubron, aud wns ex- perienclng very lenient treatment, having n cell furnished with achnir and table, and being sup plied with pens, ink, nnd paper, of which lie makes great use. Proceedings havo been initiated in tlio Su preme Court to test tho legality of Councillor Delbridgo's election as Mayor of Filzroy. A rule nisi was granted yesterday calling on him to show by what authority lie claimed to exercise the office. A meeting of tbe members of the Intercolonial Exhibition chorus look place after tho rehearsal at Hockin's hotel, last night. Mr. G. O. Rutter was in the chair, and it was resolved that a deputation consisting of Messrs. Rutter, Ken- nedy, Dunning, Harvie, and Radcliffe, be ap- pointed to wait on the Commissioners respecting the future employment of the chorus during the continuance of the Exhibition. An accident, which boa resulted In the death of one mnn, and, to all appearance, that of another, occurred on Wednesday afternoon, says the Bendigo Advertiser, in Wnkemon's claim, Epsom. It appears that Robert Wakemnn, Wm. Handley, John Wakeinon, and a man known as Lanky Sam wera working In a drive which wns parallel to another drive. The di viding wall gave way, and an Immense fall ol tho loose superincumbent sandy stratum took place. Robert Wokeraan and Lanky Sara escaped with their lives, but the otbor two wero completely burled. The alarm was instantly given, end soon there were willing hands at work to extricate the burled men. For some short timo groans could be heard from one of tho men, but they ceased. Tho work of clearing away the sand was a dangerous one, for as fast as It was cleared out a fresh fall took place, nnd It was not until about 10 o'clock nt night that ono of the men, Wm. Hendley, was got out, quite deed. Tho work of clearing was still being con tinued to get out Wakcman, but there Is no probability of ills being found alive, as from his position tho full weight of tho fall must havo come upon him. Tho claim which tho men wero we. king is in eld ground, situated at the back of tho Alclbourno store, nnd about 100 yards from the Shamrock hotel. A lecluro was delivered In St. Qcorge's-hall, last evening, by Air. B. Short, of Sydney, on " Life Assurance," the hail being quite full. Tho Rev. A. AI. Henderson, who occupied tho chair, prefaced tho lecture by a abort address on tbe beneOts of life assurance, and Sir. Short then entered into tire subject nt considerable length, illustrating it with many examples and anecdotes of oases where persons had reaped peculiar benefit from tho foresight of relatives who had insured their lives. Ho took as tbo groundwork of his argument tho tables of the London Equit able Society, which, ho stated, hod been in existence nenrly a century, and by thtm ex plained the amount which n person's relatives would receivo nt his death In the case where tho bsnuses wero added to tho policy, nnd also where they were drawn during lifo by the party insuring. A cordial vote of thanks was awarded to Mr. Short at tho close of tho lecture, which was rendered both amusing and Instructive by the ability with which tbo subject was treated. We have our files from Adelaide to tho 4tb in1 1. Air. J ustice Gwynne during tho sitting of tho Criminal Court on the 30tb ult., made some extraordinary remarks with reference to the Press of South Australia. An nppllcntlon having been made for a postponement of tho trial of Eerncy, the highwayman, hie Honour, in granting it, stated as one of his reasons for so doing that tho papors had prejudged the cbeb, and remarked that tbe Press was n disgrace to tbe colony. One paragraph that his Honour drew particular attention to, was publfshod In these columns n few days ago; and although tho most decided comment on the case wo remember lo have seen in tho Adelaide journals, it con- coutalned nothing which could be construo.1 into a prejudgment of tho matter. A proposal by the Government that a select committee should be appointed to inquire into the stnto of the police force, gnvo rise to n very animated debate in tho Assembly on Thursday Inst, the Opposition contending that the matter was ono with which the Government itself should deal, Eventually, when the motion was carried, several members who were included In the com mittee expressed their determination not to serve, and tho Speaker deemed it ncceraery to read out to them tho consequences which would follow such disobedience. A largo number of persons In various erodes in life were summoned nt tbo District Court, yesterday morning, for driving beyond a walk ing pace nt the intersection of the principal streets of the city, end were fined in email sum9. A remarkable Incident occurred at (he Court of General Sessions at Sandhurst ou Wednes day. The Advertiser 6nys : — " A juryman named James Ellis was objected to by tlie Crown Prosecutor, as he did not appear in proper ap parel. He wns dressed In digger's ordinary Sunday costume, a shepherd's-plald Crimean shirt, grey woollen trousers, and bcl'. His Honour directed him to retire, remarklag that ho ought to have put on a decent coat beforo coming into court." Certainly Geelong is strangely governed. Yesterday's Advertiser says: — "The contract for ' gas' is out, and so were the lnmpa lost night, and Geelong wss in darkness. It is absolutely necessary that tho streets should be illuminated in some way, and if ' the light of other days hn9 faded,' by ell means let us see what keroseno can do, and that quickly." Relative to tho weather and the crop", tho Kilraore Ereo Press observes : — " Kilmoro has scarcely been visited with any warm weather this season; indeed up to Tuesday, at which timo it turned out fine, wo may be Btnted to hove had a very cold season, somo days having rather n wintry appearance. Tho crops, however, are very fur advanced, and a great deal of the new liny has already been mown and saved. Tho a plentiful harvest is almost certain." Air. Alley, who was appointed about a month ago to succeed Air. M'Crne ns polluo magistrate at Kllmore, has been instructed to proceed to Wood's Point. In our advertising columns appears nn adver tisement from the Rev. W. Hickle, who Is duly accredited and approved by tho lilcrarchy of Ireland, and his Lordship tlio R. C. Bishop of Aleihourne, to solicit contributions for the erection of suitable buildings for the Cntholic University of Ireland. Tho University lies been in opera tion already moro than twelvo years. Same threo weeks ago (says tho Geelong Eegishr) a party, under the leadership of Air. Bartiett, surveyor of the shire of Colnc, started to find n track from Colec through the Otwny Forest to the sea. All the provisions they had with them they carried in their kuapsncks, and and ns they did not intend to bo away more than ten days at the outside, they did not tako moro food than would last them for that period. They had not returned up to Wednesday, and somo anxiety was being felt as to their safety at Colac. There is no ground, however, for alarm yet, a9 there Is plenty of animal Hie in the forts t on which they can Bubsiet. The only danger is that they may hove lost themselves. Apropos of this subject, we may mention the feet, now almost beyond tho memory of nil living Gcelongese, that some twenty years ago n party started from Geelong to explore the Otway Forest. After they had been away about n fortnight (lie whole of Iho party, save ono man, returned to town, nnd gave a dreadful account of the frightfully impassnble nature of the country they bad seen. A week or two passed by, and the absentee member of tbo nnrtv (Mr ttTm. \ ,u.i not put in an sppeatance, nnd tho population of Geelong, which did not exceed a thousand per sons, all told, was In n great state of excitement; numerous parties were sent out in search of him but without avail. The searcli was well nigh abandoned, nnd his family (as well may be imagined) were suffering the intenscst anxiety. At last, one wnrrn summer's evening, he leisurely walked Into town, witli his gun across his shoulder, and with his clothes noarly torn off his hack by Ihe thick underwood he had to pass through. The account be was able to give of ell that lie saw exceeds any information that Is even yet known of that terra incognita, the Otway Forest. An account of his journey would, even now-a-days, be interesting. "King Rene's Daughter," a drama trans lated from the Danish of Henry Herz, wns the piece selected by Aliss Altken for her benefit, which took piece nt tho Theatre Royal last night, nr.d was tho means of securiog a tolerably well filled house. The language of the drama Is by no means common-place, but cbounds In neatly arranged pootlo sentences, which, in the hands of so finished and accomplished an elocu tionist as Aliss Ailken admittedly is, were effectively given. In the character of Iolanthe, the blind daughter of the King, Aliss Ailken most successfully pourtrnyed tho pathos nnd feeling which surround tho part. Her finest scenes were with Sir Tristan, when lie declares ids lovo towards her, nnd at tho flnnlo when her s.g it is restored, and tho objects wbieh sho had never seen appeared to her roost strange, hroughout her impersonation was charac crlsod y that correctness of action, and niceness of feeling, which she has imparted to ail the characters which she has hitherto sustained. Tlio other parts in tho drama wero very fairly poycd-AIr. Bellair, as King Rene; Mr. C. Hall, as tko Count ; and Mr. Harwood, as the Moorish physician, being insst entitled to notice. Upon the fall of the curtain some Scotch dances oiere. J Aftcrwhich Mks Aitken recited Sheriff Bell s poem, descriptive of the " Life of Mary, Queen of Beets," which sho did wiih all that elocutionary r ower which has gained for her euck genuine commendations. The farce of The Bonnie Fishwife." In w'hwTTT' benefictaire sustained the part of tho i,Jli brought tho performances to a closo. ' Miss Fanny Brown, who hns boeoms . popular favourite with the Princess Thnl goers wili take a benefit to-night. The comedy of Is Sho a Woman," the first act of" Willi. Te'V and " Ix.on," b to fornl „ In all throe p cccs the benefictaire Is to appej Tho Emerald Hill Philharmonic Society gL an extra concert last evening In tho largo hall of tho local Alcchanies' InBlltute. Tlio nroernm consisted of the " Wedding March," bf MeT dolssohn, Romberg's ode "The Transient end the Eierna » and Haydn's third mass, Z Imperial, which wero performed with full orchestral accompaniments. Tlio prlnclna vocalists wero Aliss Gcraldino Warden, Alls, ¥ A. Liddell, Mr. D. Madden, and Mr. T n Brown. The band nnd chorus, (hough numcri." colly smaller than on former occasions, did aianl. justice to tho parts allotted to them ani materially contributed to tho musical success nf tho entortainraent. Tho troblo solo " Ho pants the heart of youth," In tho ode, wassunc with mueli sweetness by AILs Warden, who on this occaslou mado her first appearance under the auspices of this society. Sho slao ncnulttrd herself well in the florid music of the " Kvri Elelson," and in tho delivery of the plalnllra Et incarnntus" she displayed grent taste nr.i feeling. Aliss Liddlo had not much opportunity to distinguish herself, but in the beautiful duet in Iho ode, " Tho rose blossoms in the mornine » her rich contralto voice shone out to -rent advantago. Alessrs. Aledden and T. B. Brow wero In excellent voice, and sang tlio" ,nH8i arranged for them with care and precision. Tlio " Imperial Alasa" wns dono full justice to the choruses especially being well-regulated, 'nir David Loo officiated os conductor, nnd Mr" Durrnnt ns loader. 1 1 is to bo regretted that the nttoudnnco was wrotohedly meagre ; tho ball which will comfortably accommodate over 300 persons, not being one-third full. The entertain- ment certainly deserved more nilequete support " 