TOPICS OF THE WEEK. ... ♦ Mr. Townsend's motion for the suspension of immigration has' been postponed for a week. The report of the Select Committee on Port Wakefield Improvements has been adopted by the House of Assembly. Copies of the conditions relative to the survey of land in the Northern Territory have been laid before Parliament ; also for the steamer to go to Adam Bay. Appended to this Northern Territory report are a number of plans and sketches of surveys done at Wal laroo and Moonta I Messrs. H. W. Parker, W. Parkin, and J. C. Verco, were nominated on Saturday for the vacant seat in the Legislative Council. The election will take place We understand that Sergeant McBride, Artil lery Instructor, is coining 'out to this colony by the Orient. In the Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. Townsend made a suggestion which is well worthy of the atten tion of the Government, with respect to the delivery of messages by the telegraph messengers. The hon. member very plainly pointed out that, if he were at Port Adelaide he could send a message through the wires, and have it delivered in any part of Adelaide for 6iL, but if he were in Adelaide he could not get such a message delivered. He suggested that arrange ments should be made by which persons might go to the Telegraph Offices, write a message on the forms, and send it out as if it had come through the wires. This he argued would largely increase the revenue of the department, it would afford additional facilities to the mercantile community, and it would ensure the secrecy which is kept respecting all messages passing through the office. On Wednesday the Port Adelaide police boat returned from a successful search after a wood-boat which was capsized near the Gawler Flats. They found the boat on Monday afternoon lying on her beam-ends. Whilst righting her and drifting her ashore they saw a man on the beach, who turned out to be Thomas Clarke, master and owner of the boat, who stated that the boat sprang a leak, and capsized on Friday morning, during very heavy weather. He could not get any distance on account of the swampy nature of the ground, and had suffered a good deal from the inclement state of the weather. He was brought to the Port in the police boat. It is reported that Major Warburton has declined to appear before the Police Commission, and give evidence as requested. We are not, however, in a position to say whether the Commission requested the Major to attend, or whether he requested an audience. But we can state that on Tuesday morning the Commission fsat for an hour, expecting the Major, who did not put in an appearance. We think it time that the report, which has been some time in the hands of the Government, should be laid before Parliament. We do not like to say that the Legislature and the public are being humbugged over this business, but we shall be compelled to say so very soon, if the present mysterious little game is kept up. The usual half-yearly election of officers and change of chairs in connection with Court Perseverance No. 2221, A.O.F., took place on Tuesday evening, November 13, at the Court-room, Norfolk Arms, when the various officers were elected for the next half-year. During the evening also P.D.S. Mullett presented P.D.C.R. L. B. Mathews with a handsome scarf, which had been awarded to nim by the Order as a mark of appreciation for services rendered by him to the Order whilst holding the office of P.D.C.R., and accompanied the presentation with a few well timed and nattering remarks. P.D.C.R. Mathews acknowledged the gift in a few appropriate terms, and expressed a hope that the Order, and especially that Court, of which he was a member, would flourish and prosper. The following is the list of mail contracts accepted for three years, by which it will be seen that the service will be distributed more than it has been for many years past :— Thos. Pollok, Kapunda and Hansborough £52 0 0 Win. Rapson, Guberton and Chingford... 195 0 0 Thos. Harris, Sandy Creek and Rosenthal 60 0 0 C. Merrett, P. O., Port Wakefield and Mail Road ? 40 0 0 W. Bounsevell, Adelaide and Mount Plea sant ? 535 0 0 Nankervis&Bawdon;, Salisbury and Kadina 1,200 0 0 R. Partridge, Mt Pleasant and Angaston... 270 0 0 Cobb& Co., Adelaide and Mount Barker 449 0 0 W. Rounsevell, Adelaide and Strathaibyn 681 0 0 Cohb & Co., Cox's Creek and Mt. Torrens 293 0 0 W. Rounsevell, Hahndorf and Callington 323 0 0 Cobb & Co. , Mt. Barker and Wellington ... 279 0 0 G. Summerton, Craters and Cary'B Gully 40 0 0 T. Cawker, Kingston and Pt. MacDonneU 1,194 0 0 Cobb;& Co., Adelaide and Finniss Flat ... 300 0 0 W. Rounsevell, Adelaide and Willunga ... 493 0 0 Geo. Hunt, Magill and Norton's Summit 49 0 0 H. Warland, Adelaide and Burnside ... 40 0 0 H. IPitcher, Grand Junction and Gepps' Cross ? 10 0 0 Cobb &Co.;, Adelaide and Athelstone ... 44 19 0 H. Kill, General Post-Office and Railway Station ? 456 0 0 We regret to state that the German picnic on Friday, November 9, was attended by a fatal accident, which, however, was not discovered till the following morning. Early on Saturday one of the men employed upon the ground noticed the body of a man in the creek which runs through Mr. Burrowes's section. He at once obtained assistance, and it was ascertained to be the body of Mr. Kohncke, a clerk to Mr. C. E. Tidemann. He had evidently fallen over the bank, which in this place was high and steep. He had pitched upon his head and fallen across a log. His skull was completely smashed, and his brains were strewn around. Death must have bees, instantaneous, for Mr. Kohncke was a very heavy man, and this may account for the fearful nature of the injuries. The funeral of Mr. J. D. Koncke took place on Sunday-afternoon, Novem ber 11, at 3 o'clock. A very large number of friends followed the remains of the deceased to their last rest ing place. The procession was headed by the Oddfellows of the Princess Royal Lodge, of which Mr. Koncke was an honorary member. Following were the countrymen of the deceased who came from the same town in the Fatherland, including Messrs. Tidemann, Gerke, Balk, Scbierenbeck and others. We noticed a number of old colonists, both English and German, including members of Parliament and influential citizens, all anxious to pay their last tribute of respect to one who had lived in the colony and born a high character for 17 years. The Liedertafel and Schrader's Band were present, and played sacred tunes and sang a number of religious songs. The Rev. Mr. Pollitt officiated, reading the funeral service of the Church of England. A report reached our office on Saturday that the body of a woman had been discovered in the Tor rens, but on enquiry we found it to be incorrect. Some old clothes belonging to a female had been found on the banks of the creek which runs through the Botanic Garden into the Torrens ; but the police- troopers who were acquainted with the circumstance, made a very diligent search for a body, but without success. It is supposed that the clothes had been cast off by a woman who had obtained other articles of wearing appareL During the inquest on the body of Mr. Kohncke, on Saturday afternoon, a police-trooper brought information to the Coroner that another man had been found dead in a house close handy. During the adjournment the Coroner and the Jury went over to see the body, which was that of a Geflhan named August Honig. It appears that the man had been living separate from his wife, and had been summoned by her a short time ago for not complying with an ojder made by Mr. Beddome to allow his wife mainte nance. Not being able to pay the amount which was due Honig had been sent to gaol, and had only come out about a week or fortnight ago, when he took a cottage next door to another German, a friend of his, near the Company's Mill, to live in. On Saturday, about half past 1 o'clock, when one of his children went to see him, the door was found open, and on entering the house Honig was found dead on the sofa. He was seen by the neighbors the night before quite well when the procession of the Germans left for-town. The suppo sition is that the poor fellow poisoned himself, as on the table by the side of the sofa there was a jug con taining some coffee and a cup and saucer empty. There was also found lying on the table a German hymn- book open, in which was a chapter marked having reference to death being a consolation to those who wished to die. It is supposed that the poor fellow was tired of his life, as he had frequently complained to Ms land lord that he could get no work, and had no money to pay his rent nor yet to pay his wife. Dr. Moore also saw the body, and ordered it to be removed to the Hospital, so that the contents of the stomach might be analysed, and to ascertain if there were any traces of poison. On Monday, ^November 12, there was a trial of one of Mr. Mellor's improved mowing machines, at a paddock .opposite the Orphan Home, Carrington^street, the persevering inventor and our selves being present. The great object sought to be attained by this mower is to cut a crop when wet as well as when dry — this being a difficulty with other machines as with the scythe. Judging from what we saw, we should say that in a fair standing crop, with the land t in smooth order, the mower would make tolerable progress, even in damp weather ; but the ground experimented on was rough Bay of Biscay soil, the crop rank, layed with storms, and trodden down with goats and children, and the work, consequently, was, on the whole, very much what might be expected. Our readers are aware that the last English mail was sorted on board the steamer from King George's Sound, by Mr. Lewis, the mail agent, and Mr. Coleby, an efficient sorter in the General Post-Office. The advantage of this proceeding was principally in favor of the country districts, for the 3 o'clock coaches from town took the whole of the English letters and the Marseilles papers to the country offices, including those of the South-East District, which under the old arrangement could only have received the Marseilles letters. The holders of private- boxes obtained their Marseilles and Southampton letters simultaneously, and about a quarter of an hour earlier than usual. The general public did not share so much in the advantage, as the letters had again to be sorted and arranged by the carriers upon arrival at the Post-Office. The Committee of the Volunteer Ball at White's Rooms, held their settling meeting on Monday evening, and after examination and passing of the accounts, a small surplus remained to the credit of the Committee. The Mowvb Gavnhier Standard states that the resignation of Mr. A L. Gordon as one of the members for Victoria is rumored, and says that the names mentioned as likely men to succeed him are those of Mr. R. I. Stow, Mr. Geo. Ormerod, and Mr. J. Umpherston. A meeting of the Horticultural and Floricul tural Society's Committee wag held on November 13. Eight gentlemen were present, Mr. Driffield being in the chair. The Chairman reported that the minutes of the hist meeting respecting pass-checks had not been carried out for reasons which he advanced. Votes of thanks were passed to Dr. Schomburgk for his collec tion of plants and flowers ; to the Hon. John Baker for the evergreens sent by him, and to the Judges and the Committee of Management. The charge of £3 3s. to Mr. Aldridge for the refreshment-room was remitted. The Chairman reported that the sum of £15 9s. (remained clear of all liabilities to the credit of the Society. The Secretary was autho rised to pay the prizes, and the special prizes recom mended by the Judges of fruits and vegetables. A letter was read from Messrs. GileB & Pascoe with reference .to the award of prizes at the last show, which was directed to be acknowledged. It was re solved to hold the next show on January 17, and Messrs. Driffield, J. T. Gray, E. Smith, and James Cumow were appointed a Sub- Committee to revise the prize list. Several flowers were laid upon the tableby members of the Committee. Mrs. Glenn sent a new rose Souvenir de William Wood, and several roses were forwarded by Mr. Edwin Smith, including -a new moss rose— William Lobb. There was also a nice col lection of cactus grown by Mr. James T. Gray. The Cookii was very brilliant. Seedling geraniums and petunias were also brought by Mr. Dnffleld. By our telegrams it will be seen that Mr. Lewis, of Tasmania, whose Victorian Government debentures were stolen from a box in the Union Bank in Melbourne, has recovered a verdict of £10,400 against the Bank, subject to various points of law reserved. On Monday afternoon a horse attached to a spring-cart bolted from Bundle-street, and after pro ceeding along Hindley and Morphett streets, capsized near Trinity Church. The horse was uninjured, but the cart was completely smashed. They were the pro perty of Mr. Trevelian, of Kenworthy. Messrs. Horwood & Ellis, of Hindley- street, have just completed the engines for the steamer which is to ply on Lake Alexandrina. The cylinder is 12 inches diameter, and the engine is of -30horae power. It has been entirely constructed in the establishment of Messrs. Horwood & Ellis, and reflects very great credit upon the manufacturers. In the Local Court of Appeals on Satur day, November 10, the President and all the members except the Treasurer being present, in the cases of Var ley appellant v. Murray respondent and Varley appel lant v. Ridpath respondent, the Court reversed the judgment of the Court below. In the Insolvency Court on Tuesd*y, Novem ber 13, the final hearing re Samuel White was ad journed, till Tuesday, December 11. Me Symes, the final hearing was adjourned for a month. Re Charles Simeon, the final hearing was adjourned till December 4\. Be Patrick O'Brien, first hearing, nothing was done. Mary McGuinness received a second-class certificate. Re Julia Over, first hearing, nothing was done. Judg- ment in the case of G. W. Holdernesse was further adjourned for a week. In the Adelaide Local Court (Limited Juris diction) on Wednesday several cases were disposed of, and the Court adjourned until next day. At the Police Court on Monday John Kerney was committed for trial on a charge of stealing a watch and guard from Isaac Harrington, at Prospect Village, on September 7. The witnesses expressed their strong belief that Kerney was the man, but the principal evidence was that of Harriet Thomas, sister in-law of the prisoner. She had been staying a week or so at the prisoner's house, and about 5 o'clock she says the prisoner said he should go to Prospect Village and wake up the people there. He took two pistols, and sent his sister with an Inverness cape (identified by her in the Court) to the Park Lands, where he promised to meet her. He returned shortly after 7 o'clock, bringing back two watches, and saying he had taken two from Mr. Harrington's two sons. After the prisoner had been arrested Police-constable Doyle was directed to a place in his father's yard, where the watch which was sworn to by Isaac Harrington was found. The same prisoner was also committed for trial for stealing a watch from Joseph Harrington. John Kerney, David Kerney, and Thomas Field charged, on remand, with burglariously entering the house of Ann Taylor, were likewise committed for trial The Police Court was occupied on Tuesday with the hearing of a number of informations laid under the Corporation By-laws. In the Adelaide Police Court on Wednesday morning Mr. Bundey applied that Allen and Creammer might be discharged. On TTia Worship replying that he had no power to make such an order, Mr. Bundey signified his intention of making an application that day to the Supreme Court for a habeas corpus. On 'Tuesday evening a numerously attended and most successful soiree was held at the Hindmarsh Institute. Mr. Townsend delivered a lecture; and music, songs, and recitations completed the programme of an interesting and instructive evening. On Wednesday, the annual festival of the North Adelaide Congregational Sunday-school was held. Shortly after 10 o'clock the childien left North Adelaide in four railway vans and four omnibusses, and pro ceeded to Brighton. The day was cool and. pleasant, and all present seemed heartily to enjoy themselves. The party returned before sundown, highly delighted with their day's pleasure. The Amateur Chrysty Minstrels repeated their concert in aid of the Blind Asylum at the Town Hall, on Wednesday, November 14. There waa a large attendance, although the hall was by no means fuU. The singing, both of solos and choruses, was exceedingly good, whilst the comic portion of the entertainment was highly successful. ' Brudder Bones' and ' Tony' interspersed the negro melodies with occasional hits, the most palpable of which were 'What is the most dangerous animal Captain Thunderbolt will meet after the next Criminal Sessions ? Mr. Strangways's cat ;' and ' Why was Mr. Samuel Raphael wise in declining to contest the office of Mayoralty ? Because it was Jew dicious on his part,' both of which excited considerable laughter. The manner in which the programme was carried out evidenced great care in training, and no ordinary amount of talent on the part of the amateurs. On Tuesday evening, November 13, Mr. James Macgeorge delivered the usual monthly lecture before the North Adelaide Young Men's Society. There was a fair attendance of members and visitors. Mr. Macgeorge's subject was 'Railways and Tramways,' and he remarked that this was a subject which at the present time was exciting a huge amount of attention. He dwelt npon the disadvantages of tramways, arguing that they could never supersede the common road. He read extracts from Dr. Lardner's ' Museum of Science and Art,' respecting the American railways, and urged the adoption in this colony of long lines of light and cheap railways, and of a narrower gauge thau those at present constructed. At the close of the lecture several questions were put to the lecturer by members of the Society and kindly answered, after which a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Macgeorge, and the meeting closed in the usual way. We understand that at an hotel in Adelaide on Tuesday morning, an old gentleman from the country (a German) lost his purse containing about £400, to gether with several cheques and other valuable papers, which was found by the housemaid, and returned to the owner even before he had discovered his loss. The old gentleman after assuring himself that the contents were all right, presented the expectant housemaid with — nil ! The anniversary services of the Bible Chris tian Chapel, Fullarton, were held on Sunday and Mon day, November 11 and 12, when three sermons were preached by the Revs. J. Hancock, and J. Foster, to very attentive congregations. On Monday a public tea was held, which was bountifully and gratuitously sup plied by the ladies of the congregation ; which was fol lowed by a public meeting, presided over by the Hon. T. Reynolds, M.P. Mr. Isaac Clark, Secretary to the Trustees read the financial report, which showed that the year's operations had.been brought to a successful issue, the chapel being free from debt, also leaving a balance of some few pounds in the hands of the Trea surer. Suitable and appropriate addresses were de livered by Messrs. Barnden, Foord, Crossman, Pellew, Foster, Hancock, Alcock, : Gould, and Narrow ; the speakers dwelling more particularly on the advisability and necessity of enlarging the chapel, which had become too small for public worship. Votes of thanks were passed to the Ladies and the Chairman. The meeting, which had been both interesting and profit able, was brought to a close by pronouncing the bene diction. Services in connection with the anniversary of Clayton Church, Kensington, were held on Sunday, November 11. In the morning the Rev. C. Manthorpe preached an excellent sermon from Matthew, xvL c, 18 v. The Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A, officiated in the evening, and chose as his text Acts, viii. c, 5 to 8 v. There were crowded congregations on both occasions, and the collection amounted to about £12. The services were continued on Monday, when a tea and public meeting was held in the church, both of which very largely attended. The public meeting was presided over by Mr. W. Bruce. The proceedings having been opened with singing and prayer, the Chairman delivered a short address, expressing the pleasure he felt at being present on that occasion, congratulating the members on having such a place of worship in which to meet, and hoping that it would continue to increase in numbers. He then called upon the Rev. W. Griffiths, the pastor of the church, who read his annual report. It stated that, at the beginning of the year, there were 40 church members on the roll, six had removed from the neigh borhood or from the church, leaving a total of 34 bond fide members. Eleven members had since been placed upon the roll, making the total number at the pre sent time 45. The report also spoke of the resig nation of the Rev. W. Harcus, and the subsequent installation of the Rev. W. Griffiths, and of the recognition services which had taken place on that occasion. It also stated that at the begin ning of the year two Bible classes had been started, but unfortunately they had fallen through. The number of Sunday scholars was 100, the average attendance being 70, and the number of teachers was 12. The report concluded by stating that the need of a school room was much felt. A number of articles had been received from England, and it was proposed by the ladies to hold a bazaar in aid of the object shortly. After a recitation and a couple of pieces of vocal music had been given, the Rev. F. W. Cox was called upon to deliver a lecture on ' Modern Prophets.' He com menced by remarking «that at 'the last anniversary of that Church he had intended to have spoken a few words on the subject of Prophets, but owing to the lateness of the hour he did not do so ; but Mr. Griffiths had asked him to do so on this occasion, and he had con sented, but had not expected that he should have to lecture. When he was asked what was to be the sub ject of his lecture he was quite surprised, as he never intended to give a lecture. He therefore asked their forbearance, as he had not prepared a formal lecture, but only intended to give a short address. He then proceeded to speak of the early days of prophecy, and the various false notions which had been spread abroad by persons calling themselves prophets, and referred to the publi cation of a pamphlet called the ' Coming Struggle,' wnichhesaid had an enormous circulation during the very first year of its publication, and caused a deal of sensa tion. He gave an analysis of the contents of the pamphlet, and pointed out that not a single point ad vanced in the work was true. The rev, gentleman also epoke bf a little work which had been written by the Rev. Mr. Neil, a man of great standing and ability in the Church of England, to prove that the City of Sebastopol was the Armageddon of Scripture, and remarked that to read such works made people smile, but it also made them feel sad to think that persons could write such nonsense. He then passed on briefly to speak of Dr. Cumming's works, and referred to the last book which had been written, viz., that of Baxter, to show that the Emperor Napoleon was to be the monarch of the world. He dwelt at some length upon this work, pointing out very clearly the grossly absurd arguments advanced in it, and especially that with respect to the number of 666, which, he said, could be got 'out of many names. He remarked that it waa not to be wondered at, that persons lost their senses by reading such books as those, and he had been pained and greatly grieved at seeing so many per sons of estimable and respectable character driven out of their minds by having been so much excited by such books as he had referred to. The Rev. Mr. Cox con cluded a capital lecture amidst considerable applause. A collection was then made. The Rev. W. Harcus next briefly addressed the meeting, and spoke to the satisfaction which he had derived from the Rev. Mr. Cox's lecture. He (Mr. Harcus) had had the misfortune to read the book perhaps as soon as any one in the colony, and the opinion which he had formed of it was. that altho&gh; it was perhaps an ingenious work it was a. veiy weak one. The meeting was also briefly addressed by the Rev. S. Ironside, who expressed a wish that the Church would prosper and flourish, and increase in numbers. He also expressed his sympathy with the Rev. W. Griffiths in his work, and concluded amidst applause. During the evening several other selections of music were performed by the choir. Mr. W. C. Buik moved votes of thanks to the Rev. Bfr. Cox foe his lecture, to the choir, to tbe ladies for providing so excellent a tea, and to the Chairman. Mr. L. Glyde, M.P., seconded the proposition, which was carried with acclamation, and the proceedings were closed in the usual manner. The proceeds of the tea meeting amounted to about £30. A public meeting in aid of the Melanesiait Mission was held in the Pulteney-street Schoolroom on Tuesday evening, November 13. The attendance waa not very numerous. The Rev. A. R. Russell occupied the chair. The proceedings having been commenced in the usual manner, the Chairman introduced the busi ness with some suitable remarks. He referred to tha fact that the congregation worshipping in St. Paul's Church promised Bishop Patteson that they would an nually subscribe £50 towards the support of the mission to the Melauesian Islands. Last year, in consequence of their having made some improvements in their church, they had only been able to raise £27 for tlie mission^ but he sincerely trusted that this year they -would not only contribute £50, but an additional £23 to make up their previous deficiency. He hoped all the members of his church would give according to their means, for it was a cause undoubtedly deserving of their warmest support. Collecting cards had been issued to the number of 100, and 40 had been returned representing £35 5s. 6d. The scholars connected with their Sunday school were much interested in the mission, and by their subscriptions a native boy was being maintained at one of the native schools. The Bev. Mr. Field then proposed — ' That this meeting hears with gladness and gratitude to God the news of Bishop Patteson's safe arrival at Auckland after another season's cruise among the Melanesian Islands, and' of the large number of native youths he has been permitted to bring away to the mission schools at Norfolk Islands and Kohimarama.' He was deeply interested in the mission, and he was confident that the proposition would be carried unani mously, knowing as he did, that they were thankful to God for the blessings which had crowned the labors of Bishop Patteson. He had heard it said that they should not confine their missionary efforts to one particular locality, but he thought the Melanesian Islands had a peculiar claim upon the inhabitants of Australia, they being situated in such close proximity to its coasts. He considered that it was then* duty to make known to the benighted heathen of those isles the glad tidings of sal vation through the death of our Saviour. Some time since he was laboring in the north, and there the shep herds were exceedingly willing to assist the cause to the utmost of their ability. The Rev. B. W. Andrews in seconding the proposition, said in his opinion nothing promoted spiritual fellowship so much as missionary meetings. He thought they might with certainty look upon those persons who attended such meetings as true and living members of the Church of Christ. He con gratulated the Chan-man upon the interest which his congregation took in the mission, and expressed a hope that they would ever continue to do so. The proposi tion was put and carried. The Rev. G. H. Farr moved — 'That this meeting, recognising the duty of caring for the heathen as an essential part of the work to which the Church of Christ is sent, also regards with entire sympathy the principles in which that work is carried by Bishop Patteson and his fellow laborers in Melanesia.' He said he could not give them any details scarcely with which they were not already familiar, and he believed the paucity of the attendance was attribu table in no small degree to that fact. He thought it would be well at their next annual gathering if it were arranged to lay before the meeting mat ters connected with the missionary doings of the Church of England throughout the world as well as in Melanesia. Their missionary enterprise was effecting much good in various parts of the earth, particularly in India, Africa, and China, but he did not think there was more self-denial manifested in any mission than in theirs to the Melanesian Islands. Connected with that mission at the present time there were four clergymen and ten teachers and lay assistants, seven of whom were natives, which showed that their exertions for the reformation of the heathen had not been futile. The total cost of the mission was £3,000 a year, and the amount contributed by South Australia was very hand some when compared with the other colonies. He con cluded by giving expression to a wish that the mission in the future might be much more successful than it had hitherto been. Mr. Neville Blyth, M.P., seconded the motion, which was carried, in some concise but excellent remarks. A collection was at this stage of the proceedings made, and realised £48 19s. 3id/; after which Mr. W. J. Fullarton proposed — ' That a Committee be formed for the more effectual collection of money in aid of the Melanesian mission in this parish, and that the following gentlemen, with the minister, be the Committee — Messrs. N. Blyth, M.P., W. S. Moore, O. K. Richardson, Thornley (Treasurer), W. R. Ferneley (Secretary). Mr. Thornley having seconded the proposition, it was carried. A hymn was then sung, and the Benediction pronounced, and the meeting terminated. At a dinner given by the Mercers' Company, in London, very complimentary allusion was made to this colony by Colonel Palmer ; and especially to the Mayor of Adelaide, in connection with the opening of the Town HalL We understand that one of the cakes, made by order of the Mercers' Company in honor of the marriage of the Princess Helena, has been entrusted to the captain of the Orient, for presentation to His Worship. 'We (Mount Gambier Standard, 8th Nov.) record a sad accident which befell a German woman at the Square Mile on Sunday, which terminated fatally on the following morning ; also the death of the chilil Jane Farrell, who died early on Thursday morning last, from the effects of eating lucifer matches. 'We hear also that a son of Mr. Morse's, at Kingsley, met with a severe accident on Sunday. It appears the lad was seized with an epileptic fit, and fell into the fire, where his left arm and side were dreadfully burned before assistance could be rendered him. Early on Monday morning he was conveyed to the Mount, and placed under Dr. Graham's care, who informs us that his patient is in a most precarious state, and it is still doubt ful if the arm could be saved. On Tuesday an aecident — fortunately attended with no serious injury — hap- pened to our respected Magistrate (J. C. Lyon, Esq.) and Dr. E. Wehl, who were driving home from the Square Mile, after the inquest. Soon after starting the horse began kicking suddenly and violently, and quickly made a wreck of the buggy by getting one of its feet jammed, and being thus thrown down, carried with it the off side shaft, &c; Mr. Lyon narrowly escaped serious injury, having received one kick on the knee, from which, however, we are glad to hear he has suffered no ill effects.' The Mark Lane Express of the 24th September hus reports of the corn market : - ' Up to Thursday night there was a_ very favorable change in the weather, this being lower in temperature, with much wind ; but some rain subsequently fell, that is calculated to pre vent the completion of the protracted harvest. The absolute destruction of corn in England we take to be but small, but much loss by sprouting and bad condi tion is increasingly reported. Greater harm, vre fear, has been done in Ireland, not only to the grain, but potatoes ; and if this be so, we shall not be long before the fact will stare us in the face. France being earlier than ourselves, has not suffered so much by rain as deficiency, and her prices have been stimulated by English reports and the state of Northern Europe, where the grain was in a critical position. It is thus very possible that on the settlement of the weather we shall see some reaction in her quotations ; but in the long run it seems highly probable that the present rates will be exceeded,a&d; a smart competition for sup plies towards the end of the season obtain between this country and our neighbors. The wheat markets there have generally advanced ; but perhaps on the average the rise has not been beyond Is. or Is. 6d. per qr. , and better supplies are now appearing. Iu Belgium and Holland it ' was natural that, with foreign markets north and south dearer, they should be forced up, more especially with scanty -stocks of old ; while Germany is ever ready to take the first hints from England of a turn in prices, not to have followed which with the rough weather' they themselves have expe rienced, would have been quite unusual. We ourselves, for old or dry new samples during the past week, have been in some cases Is. to 2s. dearer ; but in many places the excitement seems to have reached its climax, and we must wait for more reliable accounts before any sound calculation can be made for the future. It would appear, by the constant fluctuations at New York, that this market, like our Stock Exchange, has its bulls and its bears, who alternately carry the day ; but our Transatlantic cousins being too sharp o pay heavily for speculative ideas, the stubborn rise which has been maintained there since their harvest, and which quite cuts off the probability of exports, is sufficient, as we think, to show that they are as far from an abundant crop of wheat, as they are from a general union of the States.' The following were the current prices of British grain and flour in Mark Lane : — Wheat, Essex and Kent, white, new, 43s. to 57s. per quarter; do., do., do., red, new, 42s. to 54s. ; Norfolk, Lincoln, and Yorkshire, red, 42s. to 54s. Flour, per sack of 280 lbs., town, households, 47s. to 50s. ; country, on shore, 36s. to 38s. ; town, households, 40s. to 44s. ; Norfolk and Suffolk, on shore, 3Gs. to 37s. Foreign grain — Wheat, Dantzic, mixed, 54s. to 57s. ; old, extra, 59s. to 64s. ; Konigsberg, 51s. to 57s. ; extra, 68s. to 59s. ; Rostock, 52s. to 58s. ; fine, 5Ss. to 60s. ; Silesian, red, 49s. to 54s. ; white, 52s. to 58s. ; Pomera., Meckberg., and Uckermrk., red, old, 52s. to 56s. ; Russian, hard, 44s. to 47s. ; St. Petersburg and Riga, 47s. to 50s. ; Danish and Holstein, red, 46s. to 50s. ; French, none ; Rhine, and Belgium, 52s. to 56s. ; Flour, per Back, French, 38s. to 42s. ; Spanish, per sack, 38s. to 42s. ; American, per barrel, 24ss- to 27s. ; extra and double 28s. to 30s. What is that which must be taken from you before you can give it away ? — Your photograph ! 