SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. j COÁCTEOS INWAHDS.-SeptcmW25. I Lapwing, Oyster Cove, firewood; Independence, I Bruni, firewood; Alice, Port Cygnet, shingle« and I palinga. CLEARED OUT.-September25. Hiaabethand William, cutter, Ii tona, W. Vaughan, for Melbourue, in ballast. Malcolm, schooner, 182 tons, R. Henderson, for Sydney, with shingle« and potatoes. Daniel WaUoo, brig, 144 tona, J. King, for Lyttelton,. Kaw Zealand, with sundries. Passengers. 'Cabin : Mr Cook, Mr. Diamond, Mr. Schofield, Mr. J. Sing. < SAILED.-September 25. Daniel Watson, brig, for Lyttelton, New Zealand. "Malcolm, schooner, for Sydney. EXPORTS.-September 25. Malcolm, for Sydney, 88,0X1 palings, 80.0M shingles, 340 has potatoes, U. J. Armstrong; 201 bgi bark, Isaac Wright. ''Daniel Watson, for Lyttelton, Now Zealand, l8 pcs timber, C. M. Maxwell ; 1 c? wearing apparel, I pkg .bacon, W. Knight k Co. ; 45 ess green fruit, Mather ; 143 pine boards, 22 pcs timber, 45 ess fruit, 40,030 ft timber, 24,000 palings, 180,000 shingles, 2 horses, 2 carts, 2 bols rugs. Belbin 'it Dowdell. . ! HOBART TOWN.-Septembor25. 830 a.m.-Wind, N., light, fine, clear. Bar.29,76. Then 57. ¿BY ELKCTUIC TKCKOIUPU.] NT NELSON.-September 25. . 8-30 a.m.-Wind, N., light, fine. FORTESCUE BAY.-Soptcmber 25. 8-Ma.m.-Wind, S., light; huo, clear. Bar. 2976. .Thor. 52. Ozono S. LAUNCESTON.--September 23. 8-30 a.m. -Wind, S., light, dull, clear. Bar. 29D2. Ther. 52. LOW HEADS.-September 25. 8'30. a.m_Wind, S.E., light, dull, cloudy. Bar. »«s. Ther. 47. SHIP MATLS. Tor Melbourne, per Southern Cross, to-morrow, at 2.30 p.m. S. T. Harding?, Postmaster. . P.8.-Mails for Sydney, New Zealand, Twofold Bay .ad Adelaide are uuuieup at this Office and forwarded ' »U Melbourno, by every stc.nu vessel departing from Hobart Town or Launceston. ' Tem Telegraph Office, in consequence of to-day beiug nroclsimod a holiday, will be open in the morning from half-past 8 to half past 9 only, and at nine o'clock in the evening. * ' Tua Malcolm, schooner, Captain Henderson, cleared ' oat for Sydney yesterday with shingles, pal¡u£s, and , potatoes, and sailed during the evening. A babqub, supposed to bo"a whaler, waa signalled off Variety Bay at sundown Wind S. E , light. .; Tua Storm Bird, schooner, Captain J. F. Feather- stone, from Launceston with wheat, ice, was coming np last uight. Taa Harriett, government schoonor, came up from Port Arthur yesterday with stores. \- Ths Wüd Wave, brig, was brought from tho New Wharf yesterday, and berthed alongside the Franklin .Wharf. ' Tua Daniel Watson, brig, Captain King, cleared out for Lyttelton, Now Zealand, yesterday, with a cargo of produce, and sailed during the evening. , Tia Customs House will not bo open to-day, a faaeral holiday having been declared in commemoration of the opening of the new Town Hall. Ths Elizabeth aud William, cutter, Captain Vaughan, cleared out for Melbourne yesterday. The cutter ia ona lately built at Port Esperance, of li tons burthen, .ad is sent over, we are informed, for the Melbourne Deep Sea Fishing Company. Tub Flying Squirrel, schooner, Captain Pasley, for Port McDonneli,and the Dove, schooner, Capt. McLcod, for Wynyard, cleared out at Melbourne on 20th inst. ; the Aliee Rostron, cutter, from Western Port, arrived .t Port Phillip Heads also on 20th instant, and the Pat the Barer, schoonor, sailed from Molbournofor Circular ' Head on the same day. The Swallow, schooner, sailed frost Melbourne for Port Frederick on 10th inst. Bt private lntter received yesterday, by Lloyd's agent bera, from Messrs. Cargill and McLoan, of Dunedin, we ; learn that the King of 'frumps, ship, Captain Jenkins, . which Dut in here on 15th June, to repair damages «is ' tabled in her passage from London to Otago, sailing hence ? agaia on 15th of August, arrived safely at Dunedin on Stat ult., aud that the bottoniery bond given here had been duly paid, and that the cargo was beiug discharged .much leu damaged than had been exported. THE Picard, schooner, Captain Hopkins, from Rock- hampton, Queensland, arrived 'at Newcastle, New South »Vales on 15th inst. Jbok-claos IN Action.-In December last we noticed cb* completion, by Messrs. Liird Brothers, of the iron- izad ship Minerva, fitted with twin screws, in combina- tion with the turret system of Captain Cowper Coles, K.N. The Minerva, which made a highly successful (rial trip, subsequently como into the possession of the Brazilian Government, by whom she was re-christened the Babia. Sha took port in the engagement of the 28th and 29th of March, when the Brazilian and allied fleet* attempted to force the passage of the Parana (river in the face of the Paraguayan defences, £ODsisting of the fort of Paso de lu Patrio, aided 'joy Heating batteries armed with 68-pounders, (»iblon, |r>m their strength and slight elevatiou , tabora the water, and the able way in which their heavy guns wore served, offered a formidable resistance. Two . tit the fiats were knocked to pieces »nd a third had to retire, but not without committing great damage. lu BsUVtfoa to the Ballia, there were in tho Brazilian fleet ctb* IWiMsadare and Barroso, which are constructed on the central-box principle, aud fight their guus on the ^roadside. The Ballin had no casualties reported, ex ' f*l>t the wounding of the Commodore, who was injured .',wt»¿e standing on deck, although «he was struck -,|HUiv timos by shot, m is shown by the follow- ing extract from the Bio de Janeiro Journal dt Comnureia of the 20thApril :-" The great value of the Bania was demonstrated on the 2-th and 29th Htrch. She was struck by 39 681b. shots, which did out iaaye whole the smallest object on deck, but sbst not ¿ojure tate armour plating." The Taman dan had IO mo« killed, and 34 of the officers and .iraa wounded by two «hots from one of the flats '#ntering eousecutively into the forward portholes of tfca casemate; the effect of these extraordinary shots being »creased by their shattering against the pla- cing before entering tho ports, and by their breaking rA»jiipces the chain curtains hanging mside the port > pajes to protect the men from musketry. The case . jpatjed ironclad Barosso had also six men severely ''¿rounded inside the casemate, and one of her 1201b. ' eannoa disabled by a shot in the mouth. Tho dif- ference between n caseiuato iron-clad and a turret .hip or Monitor is, that ths casemate is a square box .andis immovable, ths ports being always presented to the enemy, while the turret or cupola l evolves «¿tar every shot, which keeps the men at the gun pro- tected from the enemy's fire, and tho rosutt of this action .bows the superior protection afforded to the crow and gunners by this system. Wo may be excused for the .imple explanation which we have given, showing the ,sufferance between the "box" and "turret" system, rP) the foot that there are more learners than learned vke world.-vi rmy and tTavy Oazttte, June 2nd, 1806. tjroyaç Occorrgnck at Sea.-We have been favoured ? bjr Captain Traoent, of the Comerang, steamer, with the ¡.following d*i#ils of an excitiug occurrence which was heard and wituessed on the passage from Sydney to ., Moruya duriug Tuoiiijjy List,the 14th iustaut. At about ' 7 a.m., when off the Pigeon House, with a light N.E. ' wieC very hazy weather, au unusual noise was heard at iaUrrsls of 30 or 40 seconds, apparently as if from surf dashing against a cliff or rock. Captain 1'r.inont immediately altered his course, supposing he was in ^ closer proximity than was agreeable to some of the reefs .or small islands nlioiindiug on that part of tho coast. , The noise was still heard until 9 n.m., when tho haze ahd fog cleared off, and an object was discerned on the starboard bow, nt ulwut two miles distance, apparently 1 SO or 40 feet above the water, which, but for its oeca , fiona! disappearance, would have been pissed ai brush r land. On a nearer approach, however, it was discovered ' to ha » monster whale in mortal combat with one or mora antagonists probably of a description called tho ' Thraahtr. From this combat the souud of the blows bad passed to the eteamor, a distance of fully twelve ' miles, she hiviug travelled that distauccfrom the timo tba noise was (¡ist heard : and from the appearance on passing iii the vicinity wltei o thu conihitants were last seer to disappear, the conflict must have beru terrible ' as the water was in a very decoloured state caused by the "blood cf the monster, which, as viewed from tho Comerang, seomod to bu more than double the size of the steamer. The sight caused much excitement and ratèrent amongst thu posjongüis - Moruya Etamintr. ' The following letter has been received by a gentleman "in Sydney from Captain M'Millian, of the barque Kala- home, off Booby lsland : "In compliance with my promise I now beg to state that my ship the Kalahome, has passed safely from Sydney through Torres Straits and the great North-eastern passage, being now sixteen (16) days from anchor in Neutral Bay, and bound to Singapore. Saw nothing worthy of remark, except that on this day saw the wreck of a barque sunk in eight (8) fathoms water, midway between and in transit line of bearing of Double Island, and east end of the north-west reef Prince of Wales channel; her masts and yar Is were intact, but her sails were blowing adrift. Examined and could not discover any human being about her spars, so proceeded onwards, and at 4 p.m. anchored near Booby Island. This vessel « the wreck) had a mainskysail mast and fore and main (royal yards across. Her foretop was below water, main top level with water, misen gaff peak above water, Although so near Wednesday Inland, th re was no indi- cation that the vessel had been boarded by any one, wreckers or natives. As there was no signs of life about "the vessel, and I did not want to commence as an amateur wrecker, I went on my way rejoicing to think I had been spared so sad a disaster, and now intend taking a look on Booby Isle to see if there may be any of her crew wanting assistance, whom may the Almighty deliver from suffering and privation. If more time be spared to me I will write to you again. - Yours truly, G. M'Millon, Kalahome. - Sydney Herald, September 10th. i< Virtu* Johnbo:«, of tho Boll« Vista, reports that, .oatha4tu September, in lat. 36deg. «min. 8., Ion. .ISOdsg. 48min. E., bespoke the ship Elstern Empire. London to Brisbau', with immigrants, all well. Also, miles astern, the schooner Fanuy. ' Wa are ¡uformod that H.M'S.S. Salamander, from ''.?Jape York, hail arrived at Cleveland Bay before the Boomerang (s ) luid left that port for Sydney, and that .sha reiiorts having sighted the Hero (s.) bouud north, Dior Cane York. We were however, unable to asaertaiu . the precise date or locality where the mail steamer was asea but everything appoared tobo working satisfactorily ' at tho ' time.-JSrw!«i»e Courier, Sopt. 8th. a'Wl are indebted to tho Borneo Company for infer 'tnatkin of the wreck iu Sunda Straits on tho 21st ultima. rof the ship Fy wan, bound from Loudon to Shanghai. The ship aud cargo ware sold on the 24th in Batavia, ,for 43U' guilder*. Her cargo included 540 cases and "305 bales woolens, 150 ca-es dved cottons, 286 caaos and 101» bales of plain notions, 200 tous coal, and 2000 pigs .Uti-North China Daily Iftici, June 22nd. IBB MlANTONOKOH VEB8UB LIQHT-DbAVJOHT TUBRET ¡flllM.-In a recent article upon thoMiontoaomoh, The tTu»« makes a comparison between American monitors . aod the turret-ships of Captah Cowper P. Colea, which Uliarolv fair to the latter syitem, from Ibe article in question it would be inferred that Captein Colea has not I proposed the application of turrets to any vessel under 3,000 tong, whilst the Miantouomoh in but 1,700 toni. ' So far as the applcation of the system to véatela of the , Royal Navy ia coucerned, this may be correct, bat the fact ia that that thj ayatem haa really boen developed moro by private ship-builders than by our own Govern- ment. Private enterprise haa done more for developing ayatem than the American government baa dono far mouitora in the United States. To prove thia we have only to refer to the Rolfe Krake ot 12)0 tons, which was bailt by Menura. Napier, and which haa been up the Baltic and waa in fact in action daring the Danish war, the turrets moreover, never having been jambed. Then there ia the Smortch, fittel with tripod nusts which has' boen up tbo Baltic since 1864. In our own navy we have the Scorpion and the Wy vera, which were jmrcbaaed by tho government from Messrs. Laird. These each carry two turret* and 4J0-pouoders on a draught of 10 feet 4 inches, and 1,990 tona measurement. These facts go to show that the turret system not only can be, but baa been, aucceaf ully adopted in vessels of comparatively ?mall tonnage, «ertauily less than 3,000 tons. These vessels have made many trips without, and some have crossed the Athntlc without escorts. The Miantono moh, as we stated last week waa escorted by two ships, which we now are informed, towed her the greater part of the way. We may further observe that Messrs. Laird have desiuged and built altogether six of these light-draught turret ships, three of which crossed the Atlantic some months since, without nny escort. The Miuorva now known as the B-ihia, and the Bellona, built for the Brazilian government, made the first, a passage of twenty-eight days to Rio, and the second averaged 9A knots on the way out to the samo place. The Ballia luis since fought her maiden action, in com i«uy with two square-box ship's.Oueof these hadtbirty onr men placed liorg de combat by a shot entering one of her ports ; the other, from a similar cause had six men disabled. In the turret ship ouly the captain was wounded, and ho was on dock outsido tho turret. The Huáscar, which is fitted with tripod masts, has been built for the Peruvian government; she has made a suc- cessful voyage to Rio, and is now on her way to Peru. It will thus bo conceded that toprivatoenterprise íb dut tho credit of having developed the turret system in small vessels to a very considerable extant. On the other hand, it is true, ns far as government ships are concerned, that Captain Coles has not applied his ideas to vessels of less than 3,0J0 tons ; yet the turret system work* out admirably iu small craft, which have been proved to be perfectly seaworthy. The Government vessels to which Captain Coles'a system lias been applied have been wo believe, his own choice, but then that choice is what is popularly known as Hobson'a ; there being no small ships fit for the purpose, Captain Cole« cannot do otherwise than take a largo one. Let the Government give Captain Coles au opportunity of buil- ding a vessel suited to the turrets it shall carry, and the principle would then have a fair trial upon ita own merita. For r-ny shortcomings the system of Captain Coles would then only be accountable to its athor. NOTICE RESPECTING WRECKS, MARINE CASUALTIES, AND VESSELS IN DISTRESS. The following intimation, signed by the Chief Secre- tary and the commissioner of Trade and Customs, appears in the "Government Gazette" of September 11 : " As it is desirable that the Government should receive tho earliest intimation of wrecks, or marino casualties, or of the necessity for rendering assistance to vessels in distress, all masters of vessels and persons connected with Her Majesty's Custom«, Police, Harbour, and Telehraph departments, ami others who may be in possession of information in respect of such cases, are directed to avail themselves of the most accessible and apeedy means of communication, to place auch infor- mation in the bauds of the chief harbour mister, iu order that he may without auy delay take whatever steps the urgency of the case may demand. " The police, the chief harbour masters and all officers of the Harbour and Customs departments are to use every exertion with promptitude to render assistance where required, transmitting full particulars of the iteps which they have taken, and roconrueudatious as to any farther assistance necessary, to the Chief Secretary and theCommiasioaer of Trade andCustoms."-ArytuSep. 13. 