SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The mail steamship Bombay brought the English May mails well up to time, delivering them in Melbourne early on the 12th. inst. It had been hoped that the news as to the financial crisis in England and India would have been of a more favourable character, and when the details of the astounding failures re- ported became known a marked feeling of araicty took possession of the public mind here. That feeling has been in- creased by the telegraphic intelligence from London via Galle, which comes down to the 11th ult., and reports the panic still raging, and the greatest name in the financial world freely talked about. Nor was the gloom re- lieved by the intelligence conveyed in what purported to be a telegram, dated London, 13th June, to the effect that Garbaldi had entered Italy—a telegram which was afterwards discovered to be a fabrication at Galle. But though this news was untrue, war in Europe appeared likely to be precipitated by the occurrence of such an event at a very early day. The effect of the intelligence has been to tighten the money market here; and though the banks have not advanced their rates of discount beyond nine and ten per cent., they have increased the rate of exchange on England to one and a half per cent., and adopted a more rigid system as to the paper presented for discount, which has already had the effect of extinguishing all speculation in trade, and brought to the ground two or three firms which had for some time been shaky. These, in their turn, have occasioned a suspension of payments by a few small traders ; but beyond this, so far as is known, Melbourne remains unaffected directly by the financial panic in London. The suspension of the Agra Bank may lead to some little inconvenience, their drafts having been purchased for trans- mission home ; but the loss will not much dsturb the relations of trade. The news by the incoming mail is looked forward to with interest and appre- hension. Imporant changes, scarcely heralded by gossip rumours, have occurred in the Ministry. The Minister of Justice (Mr. Michie), who was described by Mr. Childers as the real head of the Government, has resigned his port- folio, and retired to the practice of his profession. He is succeeded by Mr. Bindon, one of the members for Castlemaine, a County Court pleader of no reputation or standing at the bar. Mr. Sullivan who is said to contemplate an early but short visit to America, has been replaced as Minister of Mines by Mr. Macgregor, an attorney, member for Rodney, but Mr. Sullivan still retains a seat in the Executive. Mr. Henry Miller, M.L.C., has accepted the office of Commis- sioner of Railways ; and the place vacated by Mr. M. Henley as Commissioner of Public Works has been filled up by the appointment of Mr. Vale, one of the members for Ballarat West, and who before his late entry on Parliamentary life was an obscure bookseller. Mr. Francis desires to retire from the Com- missionership of Customs, to attend to his private business ; but Mr. Balfour is obstinate in his refusal of that office, and the Commissioner of Customs, not having as yet found a successor after his own heart, still remains to guide the affairs of the department. Writs have been issued for the elections of the new Ministers, and sone opposition is likely to be made to their return to Parliament. Mr. J. P. Strachan opposes Mr. Miller in the Western Province. Mr. Henry Cuth- bert, solicitor, is talked of as likely to contest Ballarat West with Mr. Vale. At Castlemaine Mr. Bindon may be met by Mr. Zeal ; but Mr. Macgregor will probably walk over the course in Rod- ney. The causes which have led to the retirement of Mr. Michie and Mr. Sulli- van have not been explained. The former was always crotchetty, and when the M'Culloch Government was originally formed he re-entered political life with some reluctance. His position as a free- trader, associated with protectionist col- leagues, and mainly supported in office by the disciples of a retrograde policy, must have been a constant wound to his per- sonal feelings. For Mr. Sullivan's re- tirement there is no better reason to be assigned than the determination of the Government to restrict (at least while the financial pressure exists) the scheme of water supply to which he had pledged the Government, and to the suppression, for all practical purposes, of the depart- ment which he had created for the carry- ing out of those works. For the choice of Messrs. Bindon and Vale there is no better excuse than poverty of talent in the ranks of the supporters of the Government. Parliament has been further pro- rogued till a day in August, but it is understood the Houses will not meet for business before November. The tables of revenue for the past quarter and year will be found in another column. It will be seen from them that though the revenue is suffi- cient to meet all the obligations of the state, the calculations of the Treasurer have not been realised in numerous instances; and that the Tariff Bill, so far as revenue is concerned, has not fulfilled the expectations of its sup- porters. It is to the difficulty of placing debentures on the local market, and the financial derangements at home, that we owe the determination of the Govern- ment to limit the woyks of water supply to the contracts already taken. In con- sexion with this question, we may men- tion that a story is current, to the effect that various offices—those of engineer for water supply, inspector-generalship of public works, and surveyor of roads are to be " consolidated," and, with the railway engineership-in- chiefship, which he now holds, placed in charge of Mr. T. Higinbotbam, brother of the Attorney- General. The death of Mr. M'Intyre, the leader of the expedition sent out to search for traces of the lost Leichardt exploring party, has been reported. He had crossed Australia, and at Burketown, on the River Albert, had caught the fever which troubled the settlement. He returned to his brother's station on the Gilliott River, and died there after a very brief illness. Mr. Sloman remains in charge of the party, awaiting instructions from Melbourne. Possible arrangements are being dis- cussed by the Government, and a depu- tation of merchants from the Chamber of Commerce of Batavia, as to a mail service with Java, and the extension of a line of telegraph to that island, to be connected there with the Singapore, Indian, and European lines. The Ruahine has sailed from Sydney with the second mail for England by the Panama route. Letters sent from Melbourne to Wellington, to be for- warded thence per Kaikoura, were left behind at the instance of the Sydney Government, although they bore the proper New South Wales stamps. The Melbourne mail intended for the Rua- hine arrived in Sydney a few hours too late. Details of the wreck of the ship Netherby, on King's Island, on her voyage from London to Brisbane, with immigrants, and the rescue of the pas- sengers and crew, will be found in another column. The May English mails per Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Bombay ar- rived at King George's Sound at half-past six a.m. on the 6th July, having left Galle on the 21st June, at half-past six a.m. She anchored off the Railway Pier, Sandridge, at ten minutes to eleven a.m. on the 12th inst. The outward mails per Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Ellora left here at a quarter past two p.m. on the 28th June. Captain Black, the representative of the Peninsular and Oriental Company in the negotiations lately going on with regard to the mail service, has gone on to Southampton by the Ellora. His mission to these colonies, we believe, has been barren of results such as the company anticipated. Just before the departure of the last mail, a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce waited on the Chief Secretary to ask that European telegrams posted in Galle for Mel- bourne should, on payment of an additional fee, be kept apart, and delivered immediately on the arrival of the mail steamer. After a long conversation, Mr. M'Culloch replied definitely that these telegrams were received as letters, and could only be treated as such. The select committee on the reduced tariff duties have issued a progress report, from which we leam that the total amount of the tea and sugar bonds is about £35,000, and that the entire sum, less one or two thousand pounds, might be collected if the bonds were enforced. The protectionists of Melbourne do not seem to be remarkably zealous in carrying out their own doctrines. Some time ago a prospectus was issued for the establishment of a woollen mill, in opposition to that which a number of leading citizens holding free- trade views are promoting. The provisional directory was composed of well-known pro- tectionists, but the applications for shares were very few, the directors themselves were not disposed to risk much in the venture, and we regret to learn that the project has now fallen through. The wreck of the steamship City of Laun- ceston, as she lies in the bay near the north entrance to the west channel, has been sold for the sum of £820. The differences between the Government and Mr. John Young, the contractor for build- ing the new hospital for the insane at Kew, but whose contract was cancelled at an early stage, have been referred to arbitration. The question, which involves an enormous amount of money, will not be settled for some weeks. A banquet has been given at Colac, to Mr. J. H. Connor, M.L.A. for Polwarth and South Grenville. It was not numerously attended. Mr. Connor was presented with a sliver tea service, the gift of his political admirers. Mr. Connor is a staunch Ministerialist. A commission, mostly composed of mem- bers of Parliament, has been appointed to inquire into the working of the "Wines, Beer, and Spirit Sale Statute." The desig- nation M.P. (in place of M L.A.) is given in the Gazette—the Attorney- General's latest as- similation of forms to the practice of the House of Commons. The commission appointed to inquire into the manner in which the snagging operations on the Murray have been conducted have commenced their sittings. The local reporters were refused admittance. Great indignation is felt in consequence, and the probable effect will be to keep back much valuable evidence. In reply to numerous letters forwarded to The Argus, Mr. Thomas Dickson, late secre- tary of the Union Gas Company, has offered some explanation of the reason why the directors of that project have been so long silent, albeit they pledged themselves to re- turn deposits if the company was not floated, It seems that the affairs of the company were handed over to the Hon. H. Miller, of the Bank of Victoria and Victoria In- surance Company, and since then nothing has been done. It has been subsequently announced that deposits will be returned. A specimen of the rare Pentacrinus Capul Medusx has ju6t enriched our National Museum. The crinoid is entire, and was so carefully car tu red and preserved, that It is doubtful if any museum in the world pos- sesses so complete a specimen of "tho palm tree of the sea." The chief teller of the London Charterod Bank, Bichatd Grestock, absconded from that establishment about the close of last month. His cash was found to be £620 de- ficient. He was arrested shortly afterwards, on the occasion of his attempting to como to an arrangement with the European So- ciety, whose guarantee was held by the bank. When brought to trial, Grestock pleaded " Guilty," and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. The decision attived at by the Supreme Court, to the effect that imprisonment for debt was abolished, and also that a fraud summons was not obtainable in cases of debt under £20, has created quite a commo- tion among the justices of some of the suburban boroughs, as it has Ion); boen the cuetom to grant fraud summonses in such cases. The brokera of the Stock Exchange of Mel- bourne have passed a Dew code of rules. For the futnre, a distinction will be made between ?brokers and jobbers. Btokers will not be allowed to act as jobbers, nor will jobbers bo allowed to do business as brokera. The daily-iocroasing excitement respecting Bnllar&t; and ita mines has suggested the idea of a complete and comprehensive map of the district as it now is. and an elaborate map, Bhowing not only the contour of the country, but every lead, reef, claim, shaft, and bore in tho entire Ballarat district has been succès fully produce**, by Mr. J. E. Butler, surveyor. A monster mangold wurtzel, weighing 57Jlb., has been grown near Traralgol Creek by Mr. B. Russell. The steamship Hero, the property of Messrs. j Bright Brothers, has been engaged for the Brisbane and Java mail service for the re- mainder of the year. She Balls from Brisbane ' for Java on the 4th August, on her first voyage. A trade with Woodford Island, Queensland, has been commenced by Measre. ß. B. Nichol- son and Co., of Melbourne. Stich communi- cation with an important grain country is of importance. The Hobart Town Mercury advocates the repair of the submarino cable between Tas- mania and Victoria, which has now baan lying nseksB in Baps's Straits for several years, owing to breakages, which neither the Go vernment of Tasmania nor tho Government of Victoria would take upon themselves to repair. Tho coat would be about £6,005. Negotiations between tho two Governments on the subject aro in progress. Tho foundation-stone of a new Presbyterian church In West Melbourne was laid on Sepa- ration Day by tho Hon. JamoB M'Culloch. The building is being rapidly proceeded with. The Royal Society of Victoria has held its annual conversazione. The chief events of the evening were the delivery of an address by the President, Mr. R. L. J. Ellery, F.R S.A., and a few words from Professor M'Coy in description of a unique and extraordinarily perfect specimen of the leg and foot of a moa, just discovered in Omarua, in Otago, N.Z. Handsome testimonials were presentad to the Rev. J. B. Stair, the Church of England clergyman at Broadmeadows, and his wife and daughter, on the occasion of their leaving the district last month. Mr. John Hanlon Knipe has again come before the public under peculiar circum- stances. He waa elected municipal coun- cillor at Prahran, but it has been decided by the Supreme Court, on appeal, that he was an unceitificated insolvent, and could not sit. We understand that Mr. Bramwell is to be succeeded in the management of the London Chartered Bank here by Mr. M'Hardy, for- merly of the Melbourne branch, but now manager at Sydney. Mr. Brett, who has received the appointment of general inspec- tor, arrived from Landon by the mail steamer Bombay, From the 1st of January to the 27th of May last, 1,785-adults or 1,923 " total souls," were sent for from the United Kingdom by their friends in this colony under the Immi- gration Regulations of July, 1865. From England and Wales there came 482 persons of all ages; from Scotland, 162: and from Ire- land, 1,279. The Americans resident in this city cele- brated the anniversary of their country'a inde- pendence by a banquet at Scott'B Hotel, on July 4. About forty gentlemen sat down to dinner. Mr. S. P. Lord presided. Mr. W. J. Gilchrist, town clork of Fitzroy, has been presented with a testimonial trom the borough council of that locality. Mr. Gilchrist has just been called to the bar, and the council presented him with his wig and gown. Since the last mail left we have had to record the lamented death of Councillor Thomas Kenny, of Hawthorn. A native of Liverpool, and self- educated, Mr. Kenny came out to Aus- tralia very early in liff, and, Bettling in Syd- ney, made hisûrst essay in businoss with suc- cess. In 1854 he established in Melbourne the wholesale stationery business so wdl-kuown as that of Sands and Kenny, in Collins- street, and a few years since he retired with a hand- some competence. He then visited Europe, for the purpose of making himBelf acquainted with the business of paper-making ; and after his roturn he took in hand the erection of the fin t paper-mill in this colony-an enterprise which ho was engaged in perfecting at the time of his death, and in which ho had in- vested something like £12,000 in the purchase of machinery and the erection of building«. Ho was a member of the City Council at tho time of his death. Mr. Kenny was a firm believer in native resources, patriotic as a citizen, and in private life his kindnesses ' were very great. He died in his 46th yoar. The second trial of Surgeon Beaney, on a charge of murder of a patient named Mary Lewis, resulted In a verdict of " Not Guilty." Mr. Aspinall defended the prisoner. The Masonic-hall Company are steadily carrying on their project of building a cen- tral Masonic-hull. A site in Albert-street has been bought for £1,225. The shares are being taken up. A public meeting of ladies and gentle men has decided to hold a bazaar in aid of the extension of the Melbourne Hospital. It is contemplated to build an additional wing, providing for 132 beds, and to make a number of improvements eseential for the comfort of the patients and tho domestics. Plans and estimates have been submitted, showing that the scheme may be carried out for £7,600. Of that sum tha Go- vernment contribute £4,500, leaving the com- mittee to raise £3,500 as their share of the total of £8,000. It is intended, if a sufficient amount eau be obtained, to erect a con- valescent building, probably in the neigh- bourhood of Brighton, for the treatment of from twelve to twenty patients. The champion ploughing matches of the Port Phillip Farmers Socitty have token place, in the Royal-park, in the presence of nearly a thousand people. In the champion match the first prize, of £20, was won by John Brodie, and the second, of £10, by James Sheedy, both of Gisborne. Tho Railway Survey Department has com- menced a flying Burvey of a line of railway between Melbourne and Sale. The survey of a line from Geelong to Colac is also pro- ceeding. Mr. John Green, a well-known druggist of Melbourne, wandering, apparently in un- sound mind, near the Leigh-road station, on the Ballarat Railway, was caught up by the engine of the night train and literally torn limb from limb. The prizes in the Chess Tournament have boen presented to the winners, at the Temple of Pomona, Bourke-Btreet east. The tocal amount paid lor these was £52, divided in the following proportions ¡-First prize (Mr. Burns), one-tbird ; second prize (Mr. L. Ellis), one filth: third prize (Mr. Sedgefield), one sixth ; fourth prize (Mr. Phillips), one seventh ; fifth prize (Mr. Fleming), one tenth ; and the balance to the sixth prize taker, Mr. Pirani. In the City Council Mr. Sanders, of San- ders and Co., saddlers, has been elected for Gipps Ward, in lieu of Councillor Cowell ; and Mr. Thoa. Reed, of Collins-street, for Latrobo Ward, in lieu of tho late Councillor Kenny. Melbourne baa been honoured by dis- tinguished visitors, one of them Royal. By the ship Omar Pasha there arrived here, about three weekB since, Prince Pierre Philippe Jean Marie D'Orléans, Due do Penthievre, the only son of Prince de Joinvillu ; the Count de Beau- voir, son of the Marquis de Beauvoir, and Captain Fauvel, the duke's tutor. Mr. John Simeon Elkington, B.A, has been appointed as inspector of schools, to fill the vacancy causod by tho death of the late Mr. Orlebar. Mr. Summers, sculptor, has completed a cast in bronze of the last relief of the four which are to adorn the pedestal of the Burke and Wills monument, In OoUias-stroet east. The subject of the relief is tho death of Burke. AU the reliefs will bo fixed on the pedestal in a few months. Mr. Summers has also com- pleted two excellent busts, of tho late G. V. Brooke and Sir Charles Darling. Mr. Ramsay, ML A., known by the sobri- quet of "Poor old John Ramsay," although an eager Ministerialist and an advocate for carrying out the Land Act in its integrity, has himself been made to suffer for an In- fringement of its conditions. Certain blockB of land were applied for ander the 42nd clause by persons supposed to be his dummies, and so strong was the belief in his complicity in their applications that, though at first granted, the grant was subsequently can- celled. Mr. Ramsay has, however, been allowed to keep the block selected by him- self. A Victorian Shipowners' Association has been successfully established in Melbourne. The colonists at Burke Town, Gulf of Car- pentaria, are Bullering from terrible sickness, m the shape of typhoid fever. So few escaped the attack that people) werd actually dying for want of attendance. The above tacts were communicated by a correspondent, who states that at one time, out of 120 people in the township, there were not moro thau twelve who could move about, and during the time it lasted about twenty-live died, and thirty or forty escaped inoBt narrowly. The fever is now abating. Mr. William Johnson, of St. Kilda, has been appointed to the responsible post of Govern- ment analytical chemist. Mr. Johnson is generally admitted to be one of the best scientific chemists in Victoria. Great changes have lately taken place at the lake of tho Botanic garden. The pro- jected new declivities have mostly been com- pleted, and have, on the river side of the garden, been planted with Bideville arau- caria, to correspond with the Norfolk Island pines and the Lebanon cedars on the other slopes. It is intended when, after a few weeks, the excavations on tho lake shall havo been completed, to watch the first rise of the river after rains, to restore the water to the lake. The islands in the lake are planted with melianthus, cypresses, agavis, yuoras, aloes, and other conspicuous plants, among which the oleanders will be very stately, these being great ornaments in the Mediteiranean river scenery. Mr. Blaikie, second mate of the s.S. Royal Standard, who was stabbed In Liverpool by Alpaes, a seaman, was son of Mr. Blaikie. of Melbourne, accountant in the Hobson's Bay United Railway Company's 6ervico. The court of inquiry appointed to inquire into the charges and counter-charges against each other, made by Lieutenant Colonel Wallace and Captain Dowling, of the Ballarat Rangers, have brought in their report. Lieu- tenant-Colonel Wallace has since been per- mitted to reseign, and Captain Dowling resumes his duty. We have had a Fenian mooting in Mel- bourne, ostensibly for the purpose of dovising means to aid the distressed wives and families of those Irishmen who havo recently been sentenced to various terms of imprisonment for complicity In the Fenian conspiracy. The hall (St. George'*) was filled with an audience composed for the most part of working men, and the proceedings were of a very orderly charactor. It was resolved that Bub libts should be opened in Melbourne and various parts of tho colony, und that the funds raised in this way should be trins mitted to Mr. Peter Paul M'Sweeney, ex mayor of Dublin. One of the speakers denied the truth of the rumour that the money Is to be used for " physical force purposes. " B jfore the meeting separated, a number of dona- tions were handed to the treasurer. A pre- vious attempt to call a meeting at the Ex- change Hotel, in Swanston-street, was de- feated, by the réfutai of tie proprietor to allow the hotel to bä used for such a pur- pose. Important discoveries of copper ore have been made on the Thomson River, in Gipps Land. At the half-yearly meeting of the Victorian Coal Company (Caps Patterson), itwas decided, on the recommendation of the directors, that they should be directed to take steps to em- brace in one general company the whole of the supposed coal-bearing sections between Cape Patterson and Western Port and the railway, with a capital of £2-30,000, the com- pany and the licensees taking paid-up shares for their interests, in such proportions as might be agreed upon. Penny readings have bccomo popular in the Melbourne Buburbs. Plans have been call.;d for of a bridge to be erected across the Murray at Echuca, near the Government wharf. Large whales have been seen both at Bel- fast and Queenscliff. In the former place an unavailing purtsuit was made. The ship Yorkshire has taken away from us Commander Cox, R.N, and family, and the family of the late Mr. T. Bourchier, R,N. Captain Cox has been for nearly six yeais in charge of our Admiralty marine survey ; and Mr. Bourchier, whose decease during the past month we record with regret, was his chief aFsistant. Mr. W. M'Lellnn, M.L.A, has lectured mOBt successfully on the ''Life, Genius, and Writ- ings of Robert Burns," at St. Georgd's-hnll. A feature of attraction was the fact that a number of gentlemen, including several members of Parliament, volunteered to sing and recito some of the poet's best composi- tions. dhe nature of the late drought up country nmy be judged from this:-"A mob of 800 head of cattle has arri ved at Sale, from Queens- land, for Mr. King. The Gipps Land Chronicle says :-'Eleven months were occupied in driving them overland from the M'Intyre, by way of Maneroo, and no less than 1,200 died on the way, from pleuro and want of feed, the mob at the outset comprising over 2,000 head.'" Francis Spence, a bill-broker of Melbourne, has been sent to gaol for two years, for forgery. Captain Harrison, R.N., writing from Jamieson, July 14, states as follows:-"At twenty minutes to one p.m. this day a shock of an earthquake passed through this place, rolling from east to west. It lasted from five to seven seconds, shaking the windows vio- lently facing those quarters, but not affecting those north and south." Mr. Peter Curran, of Brighton, and formerly of Morning Rtar-hill, Wood's Point, has pre- sented the Holbourne Sailors'Home with tho handsome donation of £500, Messrs. Swallow and Arlell, the well-known biscuit bakers of Sandridge, have just suc- ceeded in producing excellent pearl biscuits, such as are now in great demand at home. A dividend at the rate of eight per cent, per annum was declared at the annual meeting of the City of Melbourne Gas and Coke Corn pony. Mr. Vincent Pyke, formerly a warden on Bendigo, subsequently Commissioner of Cus- toms in tho Nicholson Ministry of 185900, and lately chief commissioner of the Otago gold- fields, New Zealand, has filed his schedule, at Dunedin, returning his liabilities at £1,619 7s. Cd., and his aesets at £025. The cause as sigued for the insolvency is " pressure of Mel- bourne creditors." On the 20th inst., tho Tornado arrived at Queenscliff, from Liverpool, with 397 pas- sengers, and was pluced in quarantine, having had seven casts of small-pox. The convales- cent passengers and patients were landed, and the vessel having been fumigated and uti the passengers vaccinated, she waB released from quarantine on the 26th inst., no symp- toms of new cascB appealing. Petroleum discoveries are the order of the day, and have been mado, moro or less, to tho north-east of Jericho, in Tasmania ; in D'Urville Island, Nelson Provinco, N.Z. ¡ and on the River Coorong, in South Australia. A sample of kerosene irom Hartley, N.S.W., has been forwarded to us, which, after an ade- quate trial, wo can report to be fully equal to the best American brands in illuminating power ; and although not quite so free from colour as some, it is as transparent as any. " Great excitement was caused on Saturday, lath instant, at Twist's Creek," says the Ovens Advertiser, "by tho discovery of some ex- tremely rich quartz, a sackful of which is estimated to go over l.OOOoz. to the ton,_ at a very moderate estimate, as a good judge offered £15 for four small specimens, weighing twelve ounces. The reef in question fa the Victoria Reef, at Twist's Creek, and bas been unprofitably worked, and almost abandoned, but very lick specimens having been pre- viously found the prospectors always had a lingering affection for the reef, and having put on a man to continue a tunnel, formerly abandoned by one of the party, named Fletcher (brother of Mr. Donald Fletcher, chairman of the Mining Board), as useless, they came upon this paich. There may be considerably more, but a patch of öOüoz is pretty well. Messrs. Bolam, Wood, and Co., proprietors of the crushing-mill at TwiBt's Creek, have an interest in the claim to tho extent of one-half." For some days past tho window of the shop of Mr. A. Jude, jeweller. Bourko- street, has been an attraction to the passers-by. It con- tained three magnificent cakes of gold, weigh- ing in all 2,903 ounces, the producá of the first crushing of the Royal Standard Gold-mining Company, Black River. Cakes of gold such as these have Bel dom been seen in Mel- bourne. The following items of newB come from Now Sonth Wales : Parliament met on the 24th inst, at noon. The Governor's speech stated that an In- crease of taxation waa unnecessary, as the present income was amply sufficient for the ordinary public expenditure ; that »tops aro to be taken to remove the impediments in the way of the Bale of colonial debentures in London ; that the threatening aspect of European affairs renders the fortification of Pott Jackson necesBary, and the proposed plans of the works are to be laid before the House; and that increased accommodation is necessary in the gaols, lunatic asylums, and benevolent institutions. The Estlmatos are to Bbow retrenchment ; and bills are to be introduced dealing with juvenile destitu- tion, for establishing juvenile reformatories, for amending the law with respect to lunatics, for the better enforcement of prison discipline, for the extension of muni, cipal institutions, for regulating public udu cation, and for amending in some particulars the land laws. Both HOUBCS agreed to the address in reply. Mr. Macpherson, member for Central Cumberland, has given notice of a motion for the resumption of state aid to Tellgion. One hundrtd and one of the Government alpacas have been Bold, at an average of £5 3s. per head. On July 4 the American houses were all closed, in honour of the day. The principal American citizens celebrated the day by a pic-nic at the Middle Harbour. Splendid copper ore has boen discovered near Mudgee. Three unknown men stuck np the Joint Stock Bank, at Tenterfield, during Wednesday night. They locked the manager and ac- countant in a room, and then attempted to open the fafe. The manager escaped through the wall and gave an alarm, but tho robbers got off. The agricultural districts of BjlwaTra (on tho north bank of the Hunter, near Mor- peth), South Park, and Dayworth-a low lying tract of land on Wallis's Creek-aro all submerged by the floods, and a quantity of the wheat sown is perishing. The Darling Downs Gazette of July 10. in reference to the coal recently discovered at Allora, says:-"It ia very bituminous, and in lustre resembles cannel coal. In its structure it is laminated, but the cross frac- ture is conchoidal, thus differing from the common English coal, which breaks in rect- angular pieces. Dr. Greenup, the medical attendant at the Tarban Creek Lunario Asylum, near Parra- matta, has beeu stabled in the abdomen with a pair of scissors by one of the patieuts. After much suffering he died, his last words being. " No one is to blame for it." Bushranging is still common. We bave the following from South Aus- tralia : After a long debato, the resolutions for the removal of Judge Boothby were carried in both Houses of Legislature. Addresses to the Queen on the subject have" been adopted, and presented to the Governor. The judges have since made arrangements to relievo Judge Boothby as much as possible from his ordi- nary duties, and allow him time to prepare his defence, which ho wishes to send home by the present mail. The valuators of the railways have sent in their report, in which theystato that £398,276 reprceent the value of tho works of the perma- nent linos. This does not include the Dry Creek branch, the lands, the rolling stock, the locomotives, the fuel, the storeB, or tho ma- chinery, all of which must be valued sepa- rately. The branch railway to Moonta has been opened successfully, with great festivities. The line works well. Reports ot new discoveries in the mining districts continue to como in. Advices from the old mines are satisfactory. The Government intend to erect an iron bridge over the River Murray, at its junction with the Edward. The enrolment of volunteers has been pro- ceeding very slowly-only some 300 or 400 have been enrolled to date, and a public meeting has hardly increased the rate of en- rolment. Should the number not lnoreaso Boon, the Government will probably call out militia. The working men of Adelaide are loud in their complaints of want of employment. In answer to a deputation, the Governor stated that the Government were sincerely dcBiroua of furthering the welfare of the working men, and that every effort would be made to push forward public works, and thus provide labour. Grants-in-aid are to be made to district councils, to facilitate the prosecu- tion of necessary local works. Several caBeB of robbery under nrma have taken place in Adelaide streets. The mayor has determined to call a meeting, for the purpose of arranging to supplement the efforts of the police in putting down these gangs. A daring case of hou3ebreaking oc- curred only a day or two since. Two armed mon, with their fncos masked, coolly entered a house near Adelaide in broad daylight. The Government are about to appoint special constables, and to Increase tho police force iu the city, to protect the inhabitants from mid- night marauders. At a meeting of tho South AuJÎLttllftoA'b'V1vê the society, owing to the insufficient support it hoB received from the public. Typhoid and low fevers are very prevalent In Adelaide, and are traceable to the bad drainage of the city. An opinion prevails that the Government, instead of spending £50,000 on Government buildings, should ex pond the money on a system of deep drainage of the city. The following itemB come from Queens- land : There has been a Ministerial crisis in Bris- bane. Owing to the failure of tho Agra Bank terminating the recent arrangement for a loan, the Government desired to ask autho- rity to issue a quarter of a million of Govarn ment notes, which Government would receive in payment of all revenue, except Customs duties, until the end of thiB year, after which they would bo received for Ouetums duties also. The Governor disagreed with this, and Ministers then resigned. Tho Governor sent for Mr. Herbeit, and the latter has informed the Afsembly that arrangements had baen made with the banks for advances to the Go- vernment, and that it would b3 necessary to pass certain bills boforo ho accepted office. That being done, he would consider the formation of a new Government. After some delay a new Ministry waa gazetted. The following ate the nameB :-Mr. Pring, Attorney-General; Mr. M'Lean, Treasurer ; Mr. Dalrymple, Chief Secretary ; Mr. Watts, Commissioner of Lands ; Mr. Prior, Post- master-General ; and Messrs. Herbert and Raff without office. Parliament has ad- journed for eight weoka to allow of the elec i ionB. It has sinco transpired that a telegram has been received from the Agra Bank, to the effect that they agree to advance tho money arraugod for to the Government of Queens- land. Thepublio workB will, consequently, be resumed at once. Tendera for £300,000 of Queensland Treasury bill», beating ten pur cent., are called for in the Melbourne market". The Government have determined to revert to the original land-order system at the end of the year ; and also to send throe other mails via Torres Straits during tho present year. The tenders for the Torres Straits mail service were BB follow ¡-James Cole- man, four steamers, at 10s. 6J. per mile; Bright Brothers, steamer Hero, for £16,000 [?] per month ; A. S. N. and Netherlands India companies, jointly, £43,000 per annum; Van Dolden, on behalf of tho Dutch com- pany, £30,000 per annum, for three paddle steamers. ACCLIMATISATION. At tho last meeting of tho Acclimatisation Society, a long and interesting letter was read from Dr. Officer, relativo to tho salmon ova deposited some months sinco in tho River Plenty, Tasmania. Though the number of living fish ÍB not so great as was at one time anticipated, the result of the last importation of ova may be regarded as very successful. Dr. Officer states :-" Tho ova wore brought to us from the very antipodes, convoyed in a sailing vessel, which, in consequence of a disaster encountered soon after starting on her voyage, and compelling her to return to port for repairs, made a tedious passage, exceeding by fourteen days the usual period. Arrived at Molbourne, tho ova wero trans- shipped into the Victoria steamBhip, and car tied across the Straits to Hobart Town. There they were again removed into a barge, and taken to New Norfolk, from whence they were conveyod overland to thoir final destination ; and all thiB time, and during all these dla tuibing movements, Immured in little wooden boxea instead of quietly resting in thoir natural home In tho wators. Yet, in Bpite of the unnatural conditions nnder which they were thus placed for 104 dajv, and the sources of danger and death to wnich they wero so Ion« exposed, the remuant of fertile ova that reached onr handB (not exceeding 30,000, or 85.000 in number) in apparent health have yielded us 7,000 lieb, a percentage not only large in itself, but such as will bear a favour- able comparison with the results of salmon breeding in the most perfect piscicultural establishment in tho world." Twenty-two axis deer have been caught at the Royal-park, and sent np to Mr. Samuel Wilson, for liberation on the Grampians; and eight Ceylon partridges have been Bent down to be turned out at Barwon park, twelvo of the samo kind having already beau liberated there. A suggestion has been mado by tho Rev. Dr. BlenEdalo, ior the introduction of the land turtle from India. The Count de CaBtleriau, howevar, states that this is not a dcBirable creature to introduce. NEW INDUSTRIES. The following were the premiums awarded by the board appointed to consider the appli- cations for reward made by those who claimed to have established new industries Bince January 1, 18G-4 : "Paper-T. Kenny, Melbourne, £1,600. i Woollens-Victoria Woollen find Cloth Uftaufic luiiug Company, Geelong, £1,500. ¡Flax, &c-D.; M'Audrevv, Drysdale, £200. Axles (male and female)-G. E. Dodson, Eut Col- lingwood, £200. Hi mp, Russian Wheat, and Seedlinir Mulberries-A. Mnrtolli, Lill} dalo, £200. Crockery, is;.-Chesterfield Pottery Company, Footscray, £luO. Lcat- cr-J. Farrell, Richmond Tannery, £100. Organ Building (manufacturo of metal pipes)-O. Fincham, Richmond, £100. Btiarlno Candles-G. W. Prangst, onginoer and' manager the Melbourne Patent Stearine Compiny, £100. H " Crockery, &a-O.; P. Stelling, Richmond, £100. Chemicals-Clark and Co., Molbourno, £50. Crockery, &c-A.; Cernwoll, Brunswick, £60. Flat Ropes-M. Donaghy, Geelong, £50. Leather-A. Douglass and Co., Geelong, £50. Gold-lear-W. Evett, Emerald-hill, £50. Flax, &c-J.; A. Kidd, Eltham, £60. Pistol Cartridges-F. M*D. Miller, Fitzroy, £50. Galvanising Iron-Rowden Brothers, Molbourno, £60. Perfumery- H. Watts, Warrnambool, £50. Coach and Railway Carriage Trimmings-Emma Beddison, Fitzroy, £25. Fir« ti introducá Muskwood into tho Manufacturo of Pianofortes-W. Blazey, Richmond, £25. Flax-;. Craig. Moolnp, £25. l'rcsoivtog Fish-F. Fordham, Melbourne, £25. Canister Fruits-T. Fordham, Molbourno, £25. Glue-Honnens, Vocklor, and Co., Maldon, £26. Patent Colonial Ovens-W. Hutchison, Molbourno, £25. Crystallized Fruits-Lecrolssotto and Bates, Mol- bourno, £25. Blasting Compound, a non-explosivo-J. Martin, South Vuna, manager ot the Australian Patent Blasting Compound Company, £25. Straw Hat«, &c-E.; D. and E. Mealy, Fitzroy, £25. Straw-sp'.lttora-J. Mealy, connected with previous application, and considered therewith. Crockery, &c.-J.; S. Rhodes, Brunswick, £25. * Tho machinery must be ablo to produce ten tons at least of paper weekly-the quality to bo good brown, wrapping, printing, grocer's, or drapor's papers. .No pecuniary assistance can be granted until tho goods are produced, which must not be later than the Üúth December next, t Ihore must be produced on or before 20th Decem- ber next, not less than 6,000 yards oí woolton twcod of & good quality, tit tor ordinary clothing, or not less than 2,000 pairs of blankets, of good avorage quality and size, it being understood that tho quality of bith or cither production must bo to tho satisfaction and subject to the judgment of the board. t On production of one ten ilax beforo 31st August next. THE INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION. We have not much to report thiB month with regard to the Intercolonial Exhibition, except that the arrangements are boing carried forward with energy. The building is ad- vancing with rapidity, and the applications for space still continuo to flow in. Tho most disappointing feature in connexion with this great undertaking ¡B the disinclination of New South Wales to join in the exhibition ; but we are happy to say that another effort has been mado lo induce the eldest of the colonies to co-operate with the others iu securing an adequate representation of colonial products. The Rev. Dr. Bleasdalo and Mr. J. G. Knight, tho secretary, aro now in Sydney, as a deputation from the commis- sioner?, to "endeavour to secure the co-opera- tion of the New South Wales Commission in both the Intercolonial and Paris Exhibitions." StcpB ure being taken to secure at the Exhibi- tion as complete a collection as possible of the art productions of the colony. With regard to tho Paris Exhibition thoro is scarcely anything to report. It is expected that the French bteam frigate Sybille will convey the products of the Australian colonies to Paris. ÜU1UUUU1 UlUVLI. O.IJO weauici uuiin^ uiu puai, uiuutm muy not have been precisely, and in every respect, what any particular farmer might havo de- sired, but it has probably been as conducive to the general good of agriculture as the weather that a committee of farmers could have agreed to commission, had the affair been left in their bauds. There has boon a good deal of rain, but not a drop too much. Thero has also been a good deal of frost, and the country papera have had stories to tell of ice an inch and a half thick, and boys sliding upon hard frozen roads till late in the morn- ing. And there has been a fair admixture of fine Australian winter weather, than which nothing can bo more delightful or moro healthful. The frosts have been rather seveie upon young stock, but, nevertheless, the per- centage of lambs this season is unusually high. From the reports we have received irom vatiouB quarters, the increase seems to have ranged between seventy and above ninety per cent., and owes and lambs moro than usually healthy. The frosts havo also proved useful in tempering and pulverising the soil, of which a good deal is still in coursa of tillage, notwithstanding the lateneBS of the seaBon, and if it has nipped the flower-buds of trees and bushes, there is plenty of time for nature to make another attempt. Usually early at thiB time of the year, the Bowing for ceieul crops has already been completed, but a good deal of new land is being brought under the dominion of the plough this year, and Eeed'time is likely to be prolonged in consequence into next month. Meantime, a very large area is already under crop, oats being in larger proportion to wheat this year than last, owing to the price of the latter having been kept down by large importations from the western ports ot America. And everywhere the growing corn is in splendid condition. According as it was sown early or late, it 1B now feet deep or only just brairded, but everywhere it is strong and healthy. Early in the BoaBon there was somo talk about rust having shown itself in ono locality, and somo anxiety was felt on the subject, that peBt having provod most destruc- tive in some previous years. But it transpired that it was only among self-sown corn that it was supposed to have shown itself on the prêtent occasion, and either it was not rust at all, or the vigorous vegetation of the season has enabled the affected corn to successfully resist its attacks, for now it has disappeared. Grub, too, is one of the Victorian farmers' plagues, the Acclimatisation Society not yet having succeeded in providing an effectual antidote ; and somo weeks sinco, reports reached us that it was beginning its season's work upon the infant crops : but an applica- tion of the roller sufficed to destroy it for the time, and the vegetation is now BO vigorous that probably grub will bo ablo to do but little miíchiof this year. Wire-worm is another of our pesta, but BO far little has been Been of it this year. Altogether, tho fanners' prospects aie as good as they over were at this period of the agricultural year, and If the harvest fulfils tho icasonablo expectations of the spring- time, we shall once more reap a full crop. Preparations aro being made for the Bow- ing of potatoes. This 1B a favourite crop in Victoria generally, and particularly as a llrst crop in virgin soil. Borrowing a word from metalluigy, wo may say that the potato is an article of food which the soil yields in a "native" state, and consequently it is well adapted to the requirements of Btnall farmers in the first years of thtir occupancy. AB an article of systematic husbandry, too, it has been found most profitable in some parts of the colony, and in one district as much BB £7 an acre has been paid as rent of potato land for the season. Even at tbls rate tne operation may prove highly profitable, for as high a per centage as teu or twelve tons to the acre 1B often obtained in favoured dis- tricts, and the price varies from £3 10s. to £C. In quality, the Victorian potato is equal to any In the world, and it IB free from dlBuasu. It also yields a good crop without much cul- ture, although labour bestowed upon it is generally rewarded by increase in the yield. The subject of grass culture Is now attract- ing much attention, and our agriculturists discuss the merits of native, Amorican, and European grasses. In almost every in- stance in which imported g ruas seeds have been sown under conditions favourable to thtir growth, a good permanent pasture has been established, the feeding qualities of the artificial grass being many times greater than those of the natural pasture. Many English and Aratricau clovers and grasses have bien tried with greater or lesa success, and lucerne has alco proved a highly productive fodder Îliant, though, to give it a fair chance, the and requires more preparation. .It is a little expensive to lay down, and ia comparatively unproductive during tho first and part of the second year, but once established, it remains for many years to honour abundantly suc- cessive draughts upon its productiveness. This year, it is pleasant to observe, experi- ments are made with native and imported grasses with a view to ascertain the adapt- ability of different mixtures to our soil and climate. Useful experiments are also being made with various manures, guano of different kinds, bones, &c;, to ascer- tain their comparative merits. Though slowly, we are gradually collecting knowledge which will by and by shape itself into some- thing like an intelligent system of Victorian agriculture. These experimenta, we may ob- serve, are conducted by. and at the sole ex- pense of, private individuals. The attempts that have hitherto beeu made to help agricul- ture by state interference have signally failed, and it is perhaps all the better that the faimers Bhould rely upon their own exor- * tions. Therffhave bsen many ploughing matches during tho month, and very interesting and useful gatherings they have beeu. Invariably the work performed waB excellent in quality, and the exhibition of horses, implements, and harness, was Btich as could not be excelled at feimilar competitions in any partof the world. One phasing feature in these ploughing matches is the skill exhibited in the boys' matches. Young Victoria appears to much advantage between the stilts of tho plough ; and colonial lads of fourteeu and fîfteon finish off a ridge with the the neatness and con- fidence of veteran practitioners. This pre cociousnees ie an incident of our social condi- tion, the high rate of wages ruling hero tend- ing to boys being pushed on into men's places as rapidly as poEBible. Some uneasiness haB been caused for some months past by a Eomewhat mysterious dis- ease amongst horses, of which many had died in various parts of the colony without pre- vious symptoms of illness having bsen ob- served. At a recent meeting of the Board of Agriculture, a report on the subject was read, by a veterinary surgeon whom tho board had employed to investigate, which Btated :-" He (the surgeon) had made a post-mortem examina- tion of a horse that had died near Kyno ton. from the disease now exciting attention. Upon exposing the lining membranu of the nostrils, trachea, and bronchial tubes, it was apparent to him, from the virulent inflamma- tion existing, that the seat of the disease was in these organs. He did not proposo to exprois a decided opinion upon his present know- ledge of the disease, but in all essential par- ticulars the appearances wera identical with those he found on making a post- mortem examination of - tho stallion Triumph, at Arundel Farm, Keilor, some four weeks since. ThiB horse, which was found dead in his box, had always been stabled, and could not, therefore, have been poisoned by fungi or other noxious weeds. He had como to the conclusion that the most Important point to be Bet at rest was, whether tho Inflammation of the mucous membrane lining the stomach and intestines preceded or folio .ved that of the lining membrane of tho air passages. This could only be done by close invoitit?,a tion, but he did not anticipate much difficulty lu the successful treatment of the disease, provided that proper care was taken of tho animals. He wus also of opinion that the preEont time presented a good opportunity for the investigation of the disease, if tho wholo district in which the disease was prevalent could be induced to take a proper interest in the matter." A disease has also shown itsolf among swine. A country contemporary says :-"A Bciious disease has made ita oppearanco amongat the swine belonging to different farmers in tho neighbourhood of Yankoo Creek and other partä ol' BagBbot-the wholo herd belonging to one person, about thirty in number, having perished in tho course of a few days, whilst those belonging to other residents appear in a fair way of coming to a timilar untimely end. Tho disease it U said closely resolubles tho much-droaded pleuro pneumonia, and the post mortem appearancos, if corrcctlydescribed, seem to_b.4ar_ßUi_tho appRtrance on some of the farms on the Cam- paspe River, and that its progress can b3 clearly traced step by step to its present locality. Its origin is attributed to the prac- tice of using tho bodies of cattle which had died from pleuro-pneumonia aa foud for the pigs on the farms whore that scourge had, un- fortunately for the owners, been productive of fatal results. The subject Booma deeurvlng of lurther investigation than has yet been bestowed upon it. The possibility of the disease being propigated in the manner above described is strenuously insisted on by uomr, and tis stoutly denied by others, who claim, to be authorities on the point." WRECK OF THE NETHERBY ON KING'S ISLAND. BAVETY OF T1IJÍ I'ASSENQEKB AND CREW.' At a lato hour on Saturday night (21st inst.) infoimation was received by tho Chief Secretary and Messrs. Bright Bro- thers, by telegram from Geelong, of the total wreck of the Black Ball Bhip Netherby on King's Island, on her voyago from London to Brisbane with emigrants brought out uuder the Queensland Go» vernmect's system of assisted immigration, The same message happily stated that, though the Bhip was n perfect wreck, the whole of the pa&seiigors; and crew had boen landed safely on the island. Tho Bmallnoss of the stock of provisions which had buen got on shore, however, and the total absence of means of shelter, at the time when Mr. Parry, the Becond officer, left the wreck to endeavour to procure aeslBtanco, gave serious occasion for a fear that exposure to the elements and want of food might have told severely upon the party, tho women and children especially. By tho late train Mr. Parry roaohed town, and with Mr. M'Gowau, of the Electric Telegraph de- partment, drove to. the residence of Mr. M'Cullocb, where Mr. Purry told his story. Steps were at once taken by the Chief Secre- tary to afford relief to the sufferers ; Captain Norman had been sent for as soon as the telegraphic message was received, and tho. necessary stores having been shipped, tho steamer Victoria, with Mr. Parry on board, to point ont tho precise scene of the wrook. Bailed on Sunday at eleven o'clock a m. for King's Island. In the meantime. Captain Ferguson, harbour-master, had not boen idle. As soon as tho UOWB reached Williamstown on Saturday night, Bteam was got up on board tho harbour-Bteamer Pharos, and shops and private houses wero ransacked for such stores of bread, tea, sugar, wine, blanketing, &c;, as could bo got togethor. About four tons of provisions, &c;, were thus placed on board, and at thiee o'clock in the morning: the Pharos, under Captain Fullarton^ com- mand, stcamod down channol for the scene of the wreck. Tho Netherby was commanded by Cap- tain Owens, and Bailed from London early in April, and from Plymouth on the 18th of that month, with 452 passengers on board, nearly B1! Government immigrants. She had also a largo cargo of railway iron for tho Queensland railways. On Saturday, tho 14th inst, she was close to the entrance to the straits, but tho weathor for somo days pre- viously had been of such a character that no observations could be obtained. At half past seven p.m., while the ship was going about fivo knots an hour, land was seen, but so close that in less than three minutes from the time when the first sign of danger was observed, the Netherby struck on the locks In Fitzmaurice Bay, on the western shore of King's Island, almost at its extreme Eouthorn ond, and about thiityfivo miles from the lighthouse. During the night the sea was comparatively calm, and at day- light-the ship being hard and fast on the rocks-tho work of removing the pas- sengers to tho shore commenced. This was accomplished successfully, but while the work was going ou, the wind had in ci eased and tho sea had risen so much that all the ship's boats, excepting a small gig, were stove in, the crew escaping nairowly with their lives. About twenty barrels of flour only had been got to tho beach, and this was all the provisions secured for 500 people. No canvas had been got ashore to use for purposes of shelter for tbo women and children, but tho scrub afforded Bhelter, and fires wero kindlod. By Monday morning all tho ship's masts had gono by tho board, and ehe waa full of water. I On Monday morning, Mr. Parry (who is a I young man of about twenty:three years of ago) ' waB despatched to the lighthouse, to ondea vour to obtain help. He was accompanied by a midBhipman. and three or four of the passengers. Unaccustomed to bush, travel- ling, two of the party gave in on Tuesday or Wednesday, and set out to retrace their steps to the scene of the wreck. The others ßersevered, and sustaining themselves with a ttle flour, and a wallaby which they caught, reached the lighthouse on Thursday morn- ing. There Mr. Parry found that his only hope lay in reaching Melbourne as quickly as possible, and he obtained from the light- house-keeper a email but good whaleboat, only twenty-three feet long. The chance of making the run to Victoria safely in her appeared so faint that one of the party refused to embark, and Mr. Parry proceeded to sea with only the little middy and two others, none of them having had experience in managing boats. The wife of the lightbousa keeper had given them a little gin in a toilet bottle-nearly all in the Ehape of stores that could be spared. The wind was high, blowing half a gale, and the sea exceedingly rough. For hours together the lives of the party were in the most imminent peril, but Mr. Parry re- ports that the behaviour of his comrades was admirable, and that but for the assistance they rendered him In a most courageous manner, he could not have reached the shore. Fortunately they succeeded in beach- ing the boat late on Friday night, in a shel- tered spot between Point Boadknight and Barwon Heads, and luckily fell in with a surveying party under Mr. Allan, from whom they received the immediate assistance they needed. A horse and guide having been pro- cured, Mr. Parry rode a distance of twenty six miles to Geelong, where, meeting Mr. M'Gowan, superintendent of the Electric Telegraph department, he telegraphed parti- culars of the wreck to the Chief Secretary and the ship's agents. Reaching Melbourne by the last train (as we have stated), accompa- nied by Mr. M'Gowam the Chief Secretary was immediately waited upon. The Victoria and Pharos returned to Hob son's Bay on Tuesday morning, the former with 230 souls, mostly women and children, and the Pharos with Bixty men, passengers and crew, when the following particulars were learned : After the ship struck the rocks, finding the water gaining in the vessel, the cap- tain set all hands to work to get up stores from the hold, but before much bad been done in this way the lower decks were flooded, and at last the only thing to do was to wait for the day. The night was passed in great suspense. The general expecta- tion was that the ship could not live it out; but there was no confusion. Sunday morning breaking found them still Bafe, and the fog lifting, showed them the shore about a quarter of a mile distant. Even then their look-out was awfnl, for with sunken rocks, breakers, lines of surf, and a ragged inhospitable shore before them, the aspect of affairs remained imminently dan- gerous. The ship had five boats, but one broke up before it could be used, and two others were Bmashed before all were landed, for the weather became stormy. The getting on shore was at last achieved by fasten- ing a line to the land and working the boats along it, like a ferry-boat running on a wire. Even then the boats could not be taken further than the outside of the lines of surf, so the passengers had either to wade waist-deep to the shore or be carried thither. It was raining, too, and when, after many hours, the nearly 500 souls on board reached the land they were in a wretched plight. On Monday morning, as we have stated, Mr. Parry started with others for the lighthouse. Meanwhile, the people on the island had, in Bpite of their dangelong condition, managed to get along wonderfully well. The ship waa almost under water, but many things floated ashore, to their comfort. Among other matters were some sails, and these furnished tents. But the greater number of persons sheltered themselves be- neath such impromptu mia-mlaB as they could manufacture out of the thick scrub. The worat they bad to endure were the cold nights and the short provisions. Altogether, about twenty-five barrels of flour, oatmeal, and biscuit floated ashore, and these, though injured, were the staple means of subsistence, eked out by a few wallaby, &c;, which were caught. There would have been more, but, though guns were plentiful, powdei was scarce. One boat remained serviceable, and the captain managed to pay viBita to th« wreck, when all in the way of stores thal could bo reached was thrown overboard, thal they mfghtbe washed on shore. It was thus thal Bome cases of preserved meat, wine and beer, and some passengers' luggage were recovered, ance, was m^my'TEctHor^frib^metf'ffrft children, and served out in daily quarter pound rations. At first, the daily allowance was a quarter pound of flour, or oatmeal, te each person ; but later it was increased to a half-pound. Unless more had been got from (be wreck this would have lasted but a short while, for just before relief arrived it was found that the remaining flour was In great part damp and useless. Luckily, good water was found a mile and a half from shore. It was in this miserable plight that the poor people waited for succour, Captain Owen and his officers doing all they could and Dr. Webster, the ship's doctor, neve) ceasing his attentions or care for the genera health. Happily, there was no sickness, and thi only remarkable event was a birth, one of thi female immigrants (Airs. Gubbins) hunt brought to bed of a girl in this desolate spot We need not describe how well she was at tended ; and the fact that she and her infan have arrived here in good condition, ant aro safely housed at the Lying-in Hospital tellB its own story. It was not to be expectei that a high tone of cheerfulness shoult prevail. In the first place, the surroundini scenery was not comforting. Scrub, rugged unsightly, and never-ending rocks, am patches of sand, made up the chief fea tures of the country, and the nnfortunat folks could only hope success to Mr. Parrj One day the captain went off in the boat ti the lighthouse, twenty-eight miles off, whicl he reached, and there learned of Mr. Parry' arrival, and of his starting to cross the strait in a whaleboat. He returned with his gooi news and three bags of potatoes to the litt! colony he had left, whoso hopes c speedy help wore thoreapon much raised We believe that, with some exceptions the passengers and crew behaved well. Oi Sunday last, the captain sent 110 of th single men overland to tho lighthouse believing that they would find supplie there. On Monday morning, however, thos left were gladdened by the sight of H.M.C.S Victoria. That veBsol had been rapidly pre pared for sea during the night, Lieutenan Woods, R.N., and 100 of his boys from thi Training-ship, rendering very valuable help Sho proceeded to the eastern sido of King' Island, to look for signal-fires that migb indicate persons on Bbore looking ou for Bbips which anchor for shelter in sue! winds. The weather became Equally, wlti rain, and night had come on, so that nothln, was left but for the Victoria to crois up and down the coast, and wait fo dawn. When day broke sue stood close ir and ateamed along tho shore to the Boutl cape of the island, and thence down it western »ide, till, at ten a.m., the wreck wa Been four miles off. In half on hour afterward Captain Owen had come off in his boat, an assisted to pilot the Victoria in throug tho many sunken rockB all round. Sb anchored about 300 yards off the wreck, am tho weather being clear and fine, the boal were lowered and sent off, the orders bein to bring the women and children firs Soon after noon the boats began t return, the passengors being brought t them through the surf, wading from roc to rock, and at half-past two p.m., th Pharos came np and joined in tho work. 8h had been enabled to get under Btoam early o the Sunday morning, and at four p.m. B1 arrived off Wickham Light, on King s IBUBI a strong north-west gale blowing, and ti weather thick. The fog was such-that tb lighthouse itself WBB not discerned, an she WBB kept walting on and off a night At eight a.m. the weather cleore a little, and the lighthouse, with signa; ofdlstrcEB flying from the flagstaff, bocam visible. Captain Fullarton was then ii foimcd by signal that there were mon o Bbore wanting to be taken off, and after som trouble In getting through tho surf, tun men, passengers from the Netherby, who ha walked overland, were got on board. Bein informed that the wreck lay S.S.W". of th lighthouse, the Pharos proceeded thither, an anchored at half- past two p.m., in time to g< off Bixty men, mixed passengers and crow from the shore. Then, Captain Owen havin written to Captain Norman stating tha the remaining passengers, including mo< of the cabin passengers, would not leav shore, hoping to 'save something frot tho wreck, some s toros from the Vit torla were landed, and both stettmera mad the best of their way home. The Vlctorit with 230 passengers, arrived at the Illilwa Fier at eleven a.m., and the Pharos, wit Bixty, at one p.m. Captain Owen, with oleve of his crew and ten passengers, still rema! onshore, near the wreck. The preparations made in Melbourne fe the reception of the Bblpwrecked peopl woro most ample and complete. They wet chiefly the work of Mr. L. A. Moody, colonie immigration officer, and the lion, J, C Francis. The Exhibition-building was hui riedly fitted up with beds and bedding, a huge cooking apparatus, and all the necessaries for turning it into a barrack; and at the same time the Immigrants' Depot was prepared for the single women. Room was made (with difficulty) for the crew at the Sailors' Home, and it was arranged that if further room was wanted, the Eingle men should be accommo- dated at the Military-barracks. On Tuesday morning the Victoria was telegraphed, and at eleven a.m. Bhe waa at the breakwater pier. Her decks pre- sented a strange sight, crowded as they weie with men and women, all showing signa of the hardships they had undergone, though not so mnch as might have been expected. They had improved since they came on board. The women and children had suffered very much by being thoroughly ducked in their passage through the Burf to the boats, and excited the Bympathy of every one as they reached the ship. All that was possible tor their assistance and comfort waB done. Their clothes were dried piecemeal by the engineers and firemen at their fires ; hot soup waB served to them, and i wine and spirits administered to those that needed them. Of course, bread and cooked meat were given out to every one who wanted them, and the countenances of the unfortu- nate people began soon to loss their forlorn appearance. On their arrival at the pier, Mr. Jeremy, the railway traffic superintendent, was in attendance with a special train, which soon brought its freight to Melbourne. From Spencer-Btreet station the whole of the pas- sengers were speedily borne off in cars to the Exhibition-building and the Immigration Depot, where they now remain. Among the instances of private benevolence in aid of the shipwrecked strangers, we muet not forget to record that the owners and drivers of the cars running in connexion with the Spencer-street station offered their services in carrying the passenger*, and such luggage as they had saved, to their destination gratuitously. At one p.m. the Pharos landed her paBßengers, who were all males, in the same way, and they were car- ried off to the Sailors' Home and the Exhibi- tion-building. One and all speak in terms of extreme gratitude for the humane attentions of Captain Norman and Captain Fullarton, and their officers. The Exhibition-building, which has been used for BO many different purposes, never looked so strangely as on Tuesdoy night, when it was turned into a barrack. Already had a certain air of snugness and comfort been given to the place, and the inmates-105 men, eighty-six women, and ninety-six children, the Bingle men being put up in the gallery appeared to enjoy the change from their previous quarters. Hard worked as wera all the officials ia getting things ready, their labonrB were'materially added to hythe, unreasonable curiosity of the public, and the crowd that beset the building occupied the ceaseless attention of the constables on duty. The Hon. J. G. Francis sent up a caee 'of porter for the women ; Mr. T. H. Hadley sent np a quantity of fruit ; and Mr. Robertson and Mr. Stephens, book- sellers, supplies of new periodicals£and newspapers. The fifteen single women in the Bhip have been comfortably placed at the Immigra- tion Depot. It ÍB to be regretted that the effect of their hardships is visible in not a few of the women, and one is already vieited with a Blight touch of colonial fever. Dr. Kearney, of the ship Star of India, and' Dr. M'Gaurin, of the Immigration Depot, are both in attendance. The second class passen- gers, consisting of three married couples and two children, with a number of Bingle men (some are left bebind on the island), have been provided by the Government "with quarters at Tankard's Temperance Hotel. The Victoria and the Pharos b3th Bailed on TueBday afternoon on their return voyage to King's Itland, to bring off the remainder of the paBsengers. The future destination of the Government immigrants by the wrecked ship has been in part arranged. The vessel waB consigned to MeEsrs. J. and G. Harris, of Brisbane; but Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co., who have a branch at Brisbane, are interested, in so far as the firm undertakes to honour the land orders issued by the Queensland Government as payment for. passages. The Melbonrne branch haB consequently communicated with the Queensland Government, which haB ex- pressed its deBire that all the immigrants who came out under the land warrant system Bbould be sent on, but any of the others who choose to remain should beallowcd to do so. The Chief Secretary and the Commissioner fiíáuRstaíB" teoëfeff°ï6rr^ibfnuih8niairânl people. On Wednesday a public meeting was held at the Criterion Hotel, and a committee ' formed to canvass for subscriptions to pur- chase clothing, especially for the women and children. Over £300 was at once subscribed ; and on Thursday a number of ladies visited the Exhibition-building, to'inquire into and supply the wants of the women. THE NEW ZEALAND WAR. Military operations in New Zealand are almoEt entirely suspended ; but, according to the latest accounts, some more fighting may be expected. A few weeks ago a survey party, under the command of Major M'Donnell, were proceeding from Waingongora, and when about three miles and a half beyond the Waihi River they found that they had fallen into an ambuscade prepared by the Han-Haus. The natives were divided into three parties of about twenty each, and as the Europeans were but six in number, two of whom only were arme¿, a speedy retreat waB the only courso to be taken. They accordingly set spurs to their horses, and effected their escape without loss, al- though several vollles were fired by the natives. The scene of the ambuscade was afterwards examined, and it was found to be strewn with cartridge papers, some of which evidently belonged to Enfield ammunition. It is stated by the Wellington Independent that Major M'Dannell is now in Wanganui, raising a body of 300 men, natives and Europeans, accustomed to buBh fighting, with which force he will scour the country between Wanganui and Taranaki, fighting and following up the Hau-haus wherevor they_ can bo found. The gallant major, wo believe, wanted 600 men and arte blanche as to his method of proceeding, his idea being that, if placed in such a position, he conld thrash the Hau-hauB into permanent submission in a few months. He hasn't got the full number of men, but the Ministry did not fetter him with many instructions, so we expect to hear a good account of him- self and the plucky fellows under his com- mand. _ NEW ZEALAND GOLD-FIELDS. The news from the New Zealand gold-flelds is unimportant this month. According to latest advices there had boen no fresh dis- coveries at Hokitlka, but business was steady. Prospectors on the beaoh between the Bluff and Otago had struck good ground, and the Riverton diggings were rapidly improving. PROPOSED TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNI , CATION WITH THE EAST. From what has recently transpired here, the establishment of telegraphio communica- tion with India and Europe seems to bo a less hopeless project than the generality of people suppose. A gentleman representing the Netherlands India Steam Navigation Company has Bubmitted to tho hon. the Chief Secretary a proposal for the establishment of a line of electric telegraph from South Australia to Adam Bay, through Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, via Cape York and Burke Town. A submarine cable would bo required to connect Adam Bay with Timor, and another would have to belaid fromlimorto the north coaBt of Java, thence to Singapore, thence to Malacca, thence to Moulmein, in tho Burmese Empire, and thence, via Calcutta, to Europe. The esti- mated expenso of the line from Burko Town, at £22 10s. per mile, is £33,000. The length of submarine cable ia computed at 1.420 miles, thus :-adam Bay to Timor, 480 miles; thence to Macassar, 480 miles; thence to Java, 460 miles; which, at £140 per mile, would cost £198,800, to which must be added £33,000.- the estimated cost of the line from Burke Town to Adam Bay, together equal to £231,800; and allowing £67,950 for extra charges, the total cost of the Uno would bo £289,750. The gentleman who has sub- mitted tho proposal to the Chief Secretary believes that if the several colonies interested wonld grant a moderate subsidy pro rata, the Anglo-Australian and China Telegraph Com- pany might bo induced to undertake the entire contract, under suitable guarantees, either alone, or in conjunction with some company to bo formed in these colonies. RAILWAY TRAFFIC. The returnB of the traffic on the Victorian railways for the four weeks ending June 28, Ebow a total revenue amounting to £41,039 Og, 8d, The total number of passengera con. veyed during this time was"64,953. The aggre- gate receipts for the year up to the 23th June amount to £272,135 Os. 9d., against £267,523 17s. received in the corresponding weeks of last year, showing an increase of £4,606 3s. 9d. The weekly average for the twenty-six weeks of the present year has been £10,408 14i. 7d. as compared with £10,28911s, 5d. ; the average takings during the same weeks of the former year giving a weekly increase of £177 3s. 2d. The length of line open is 254 miles, the same as last year. The revenue of the Mel bonrne and Hobson's Bay United Ballway during the same four weeks amounted to £10,488 Ile. Id. SHOCKING MURDERS IN NEW ZEA- LAND. Particulars have recently reached this colony of the murder of seven, and perhaps more, persons in New Zealand by a gang of ruffians, under circumstances of unparalleled atrocity. The victims, who were waylaid in the hush while travelling, disappeared one after the other without leaving any trace of their fate, until at length public indigna- tion was fairly aroused, and active measures were taken to clear up the mystery. The sudden disappearance of Mr. George Dobson, while travelling a short distance between the Arnold and Grey townships, was speedily followed by the disappearance of four men Matthieu, Kempthorne, Dudley, and Pontius -who had been seen crossing the Meunga tapu Bange, between the Wakamarina and Nelson. In each case an ineffectual search was made for the missing men, and ulti- mately four desperadoes, named Burgess, Kelly, Sullivan, and Levy, were taken into custody at Nelson, on suspicion of having murdered them. TheCanterbury Government in the meantime had offered a reward of £250 to any person or persons who might give infor- mation that would lead to the discovery of the body of Mr. Dobson, and, if murdered, to the apprehension and conviction of the offender or. offenders ; and also a free pardon to any person implicated in the matter (not being the actual murderer) who would give the required information. The police were unre- mitting in their endeavours to trace the murderers, no one doubting that the men had been murdered though the bodies had not been found, and soon a strong chain of cir- cumstantial evidence connecting the men in custody with the crime waB established, and before the prisoners had been detained long Sullivan made a horrible confession with regard to the murder of Matthieu, Kemp- thorne, Dudley, and Pontius on the Maunga tepu, on the 13th June last, which also impli- cated hiB mateB in the murder of Mr. Dobson and the death of an old whaler whose fate was not before known. The confession is in substance as follows :-The four men were '. stuck-up" at the rock, which henceforward will be called " Murderer's Rock." They were stopped at a place on the road which, from the description, is the rock referred to. Jas. Battle, an old whaler, passed, and the four murderers thought from the bulky appear- ance of hiB pocket that he had money. They were in ambush, and Sullivan was sent after him. He made up with bim, and entered into conversation. The man told him that he was an old whaler, that he had been doing no good here, and was now going to Nelson to get a ship, as he was tired working in the district and making nothing. Sullivan then left him and went back, and told the others that he had nothing whatever, and was not worth stopping. Levy opposed this, and said that they Bhould not allow a single man to pass along the road alive that day, but should stop and shoot every one. Burgess and Kelly agreed to thiB ; and Sullivan was again Eent after the man, whose hands he . tied, and brought him back to his confederates, who first robbed him of all he had-only £3-and then shot bim and buried him. When the four Deep Creek men came up, two of the murderers presented themselves on the pathway. On seeing tbem the doomed men ran back, but were stopped by the other two of the assailants, who were concealed in the bush behind them. They were between two fireB, were unarmed and defence- less, in the presence and at the mercy of four cold-blooded murderers. Their hands were tied, and they were led off the road ; Burgess, Kelly, and Levy taking charge of the men, while Sullivan followed their horse, searched the "swags" and portmanteaus,and then shot the animal. He heard pistol shots while he had charge of the horse, and he stateB that the bodies of the men are within did not see the men killed-^h'e oñlyneard the shots ; and it ha3 been stated that he was told by bis accomplices that three of the men were shot and one of them strangled. One man was, it appears, slow to die, and had three ballets in his body before he was killed. This shortened their ammunition, and the fourth and last man they strangled with a scarf belonging to Sullivan. The gold stolen from the murdered men was sold in different parcels to the banks in town, Sullivan's position in the gang was that of forerunner ; that is, he kept the road went on before his party armed, and if any danger was likely to arise to them from the inopportune appearance of a traveller, it was hiB duty to shoot him like a dog. A narrow escape for their lives waB made by Mr. Bowen, and the man Muller, who followed his four friends from Deep Creek to take back the horses; both of whom, Sullivan states, he saw meet on the roadside, and heard them speak to each other, while he was concealed in the brush- wood below, not far from the spot where lay the body of the horse he had shot. The mur- derers had with them two revolvers and two double-barrelled gunB. The two guns Sul- livan had with him in advance of the others, and the gun found at the foot of the tree, not far from the horse, was one of those. When the others of his party came np he got so excited that he threw the other gun away into the bush, when Levy said to him. " You are mad to throw that away there," and went into the bush and took it up. Sullivan has also told circumstances which implicate Bur- gess, Levy, and Kelly, in conjunction with two other men, as the murderers of Mr. George Dobson, at the Grey ; and also of a storekeeper on that river, killed by the same party. The names of the two accomplices in the murders of Mr. Dobson and the store- keeper have not transpired ; but from what fell from Sullivan it is surmised that the party killed one of their mates lest he should turn informer. Thus there have been eight murders committed within the past month by this atrocious gang of villains. With reference to the murder of Mr. G. Dobson, Sullivan said that a party of three-Kelly, Murray (who is now supposed to be the mate " diEpoBed"of)i and himBolf-were on the track for the purpose of Etlcking- upMr.E.B. Fox, of Maori Gully, who was known to bring down large quantities of gold. Sullivan was watching the track, while the other two remained at their tent, which was pitched a short distance into the scrub. About half a mile from the coal-pits he was met by a young man (Mr. Dobson), who asked him how tar it was to the coal-pits. He replied, "Half a mile," and allowed him to pass. Shortly afterwards he met a man and a woman, and he also allowed them to pass. Rain then began to fall, and he made for the tent for shelter. Close alongside the tent he saw tho young man who had passed him, sitting apparently against the trunk of a tree, but quite dead, having been strangled. Sullivan know he was not Fox, and he sug- gested that the body should be buried. Kelly remarked that it was better to leave the body so aa it would moko the people who saw it think that he died from exhaustion. Kelly further remarked, "I and another man have put many away that way." Sulli- van then returned to the track to watch, with a double-barrelled gun, and ho was .shortly afterwards joined by Murray and Kelly, who said they bad buried the young man'B body. Sullivan fuitber adds, that on the body they found a silver watch and gold Albert chain, a pocket compasa in a leather case, and a bill or deposit receipt for £32 or £22, bearing the name " DobBon." The popcrs were burned by Sullivan ; and Kelly said thoy buried the watch, compass, and other articles with the body. Immediately after Sullivan's confession had been made, a Beatch party waB Bent out for the bodies. The bodies of the four men murdered on the Maungatapu wero found about 250 yards from the track, lying some twenty-five yards apart. The first ono discovered was that of Matthieu. HÍB legs were strapped together and his bands tied by his side. On the right Bide of the body there was a wound ; as yet it ia difficult to say whether this was caused by a bullet or a sharp instrument. Alittlo far- ther on lay the body of Dudley, who from all appearance had been strangled. Further on still Kempthorne was found, with a bullet hole through his right ear; his body was lying npon a tree which had been blown down. PontiuB* body was also found hard by, with a shot through the side of his head. All the bodies were in such a state of preserva- tion as to be easily identified. No attempt appeared to have been made to conceal them. On one some boulders rested, but it seemed they bad been placed therewith the inten- tion of extinguishing any life that might possibly remain, It wa? only with great difficulty, and after many fruitless searches, that the body of Mr. Dobson waa found. It lay full length, covered by from ten to twelve inches of earth. The mur« dered man's coat had been taken off and thrown over the legs and the lower part of the body, his gold chain hung on his vest, and his silver watch was in his left-hand vest pocket. It was taken out, and it was observed to have stopped at twenty-eight minutes to four o'clock. On removing the coat from the legs the search party fonnd the deceased's compass in the case, his field-book and tape, and four straps lying loose, and his hat. At the inquest on the body of Mr. Dobson, James Wilson, alias James Murray, who is accused of the mur- der, was present in custody. At first he did not appear to take much interest in the evidence given ; but towards the end, where the witnesses began to speak positively as to the men they met on the track where Mr. Dobson was murdered on the day of the murder, and on the following day, he be- came greatly interested, and twice he asked permission to put a question to the witness. The magistrate refused to allow him, telling him that he was not on his trial then, and that the jury had nothing what- ever to do with him, but had simply to determine how, where, when, and by what means the deceased came by his -, death. When the room was cleared for the jury to consider their verdict, it appeared evident that the prisoner fully believed that he was then on bis trial, for he shouted out that " they were swearing away an innocent man's blood without giving him an opportunity to speak," and that "if they would allow him he could tell where he slept on the night of the 28th." The prisoner maintained the utmost coolness and composure until Satur- day last,- when he heard in court for the first time that Sullivan had confessed, and that the body of Mr. Dobson had been dis- covered. On Sunday he sent for Mr. Inspector James, and in avery excited state begged htm to put another prisoner in the cell with him, as he feared he was going mad, for "he was continually seeing such dreadful Eights. " Mr. James very properly refused the request, and since then the prisoner has expressed great fear of Sullivan, and has been in a constant state of excitement, crying and praying at inter- vals. Sullivan mentioned, among other minor matters in bis confession, that his party carried strychnine, with the view of poisoning their victims when they met with them in parties too large to justify attack openly. But the most shocking part of his recital is the number of murders which have been committed by this infernal set Sullivan has acknowledged that mora than twenty men have been murdered on the West Coast, and robbed and buried, by the crew to which he belongs. He can certify to twenty, but how many more it appears he cannot Bay, for he cannot remember the exact numbar. The blood rnns cold at this confession of sangui- nary deeds. An Indian keeps tally by count- ing the scalps; but this gang of atrociouä demons cannot remember the number of unoffending men they have killed ia cold blood. The same prisoner baa also stated that Levy, who had conscientious (!) Ecrupleî against shedding blood, was the man who used the rope, and strangled the men whom it was his business to kill. Burgess and Kelly, BBys the same authority, had no such Bcruples, They employed the pistol or any other means that killed their man. It is also said that Burgess accuses Sullivan of having committed many murders in Aus- tralia, and the latter has confessed to several gold robberies in New Zealand. It is pro- posed to erect a memorial stone over the graves of the murdered men, corroborative of their sad end. The prisoners have been seve- ral times brought before the Nelson police court, and tbey will in all probability be committed for trial ehortly. Since his arrest Sullivan baa given information to the police which has led to the discovery of a quantity of implements used by burglars, that had been concealed by his party in various places. These murderers have not yet been brought to trial. SPORTING. Nothing is doing on the turf just now in Victoria, except preparing for the Spring running. The Ballaiat Turf Club ara build ing a new Grand Stand, and fencing ia new enclosures on the Bide of their racecourss, opposite to that of the site of the late Grand Stand. Other local clubs are also engaged in making improvements, perhaps suggested to them by the last year's alterations on the -, -'-.-.--"«»u course. Tuoiu »."" v,oor, "«_.. desultory speculation on the Melbourne Cup, the handicap two-miles betting race of the Spring meeting on Flemington course; and as many as thirty names ont of fifty-two entries have been found in market quotations given in the sporting papers. The entries for the next Intercolonial Champion Race (to be run on New Year's Day) will be received on Wednesday next, August 1. The hunting field has this year been more attractive than in former years, and the several packs of hounds have in the aggregate many more followers. A Melbourne Chess Club has recently been formed. The late tournament has given a strong impetus to the progress of this game in Melbourne and in several of the large towna in the country. THE THEATRES. The past month has been rendered remark- able in the theatrical annals of Melbourne by the production at our principal theatre of Meyerbeer's wonderful musical legacy to the world-"L'Africane." The style in which Mr. Lyster placed this great opera on the stage may be judged of by the facts that distin- guished visitors to the theatre, but recently arrived from Europe, warmly complimented him upon his achievinent, and the com- poser of the oratorios of "David" and "Joseph"-Mr. C. E. Horsley-gave public expression to his high estimation of the per- formance. In a letter addressed, during the run of the opera, to the editor of this journal, Mr. Horsley wrote :-" I do not heaitate to assert that in no provincial city of Europe that is deprived of metropolitan assistance could so good a representation of a great work be given as is now to be heard in Mel- bourne. In Liverpool, Glasgow, Dublin, Birmingham, no attempt could be made with- out singers from Covent-garden or the Hay- market; and the same remark applies to all Eccond-closs cities in Belgium, France, and Germany. In fact, all the great musical per- formances in England are merely London conceits transferred to provincial towns. How great the credit, therefore, due to a management that can produce, thousands of miles from extraneous help, a work BO ad- mirably performed in all ways as is the ' Africaine.' " On the first night of the repre- sentation of the opera Mme. Escott, who ' has so long enjoyed deserved pre- eminence in these colonies, appeared as Selika, and Mr. Squires as Vasco, and were loudly and fre- quently applauded by a crowded house. On the following evening, Mme. Simonsen, whose debut in the lyrical drama in this city was mentioned in our last summary, undertook the part of the heroine, and Mr. Beaumont, a young artist of local reputation, assumed that of Vasco. The audience was not a large one, the lovers of opera having apparently made up their minds that tho cast would be greatly inferior to that of the preceding night. The Euccees, however, of the new performers was most emphatic, and in Mr. Beaumont's case more than usually marked. This gentleman possesses a fine tenor voice, bringing out all his notes readily and vigor- ously, and is well suited for the onerous work required of a first tenor in heroic opera. Ho has, unfortunately, enjoyed fow opportu- nities of cultivating his powers, but bia ad- vancement both as an actor and a vocalist Bin ce his joining the company, haB boen very noticeable Mme. Slmonsen's pcform ance aB Selika grew on her audience, and the second week of the fortnight's ron which the opera seenred she had become an undoubted favourite. The respective casts to which we have referred were played on alternate nights, and the rest of the cha- racters were filled np with more or less suc- cess, Mr. Fred Lyster appearing each evening In the difficult part of Nelusco, and sustain- ing it dramatically with great efficiency. The opera was withdrawn at the close of last week, but ia announced fora final representa- tion this evening. Mr. Labertouche, who, as an amateur, had achieved some celebrity, has now attached himself to Mr. Lystei's troupe. He possesses a baritone voice of good quality. At the Princess's Theatre, a second amateur performance by members of the Melbourne press, in aid of the Brooke memorial, was given on the 7th inBt. before the Acting-Go- vernor and a brilliant house. The plays enacted on this occasion were Falconer's comedy of " Extremes," and a localised version [ of " Buckstone's Adventures with a Poliah Princess," the whole meeting with indubitable marks of the audience's satisfaction. The Press Committee have now over £200 in hand towards the excellent object referred to. The profersional company at this establishment hare been performing, in the early patt of the month, tremendous melodramas, and subse- quently plays in which Mr. Jefferson waB popular here, as elsewhere, to wit, " The American Cousin" and " The Octoroon." Mr. J. L. Hall, who ventured to tread in Mr. Jefferson's shoes and got through his thank- less work creditably, is about to take the management of the Princess's into his own hands, his term of office commencing on Monday next. There is a prospect of the Haymarket Theatre, which has been closed for some weeks past, being re-opened nnder the direc- tion of our old friend Mr. Coppin. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE PAKULA. MALL SERVICE. In reference to the Panama postal service the Sydneg Morning Herald of the 10th inst. has the following :-" We are informed that the Government of Victoria understood that they could avail themselves of the postal ser- vice via Panama for the conveyance of their letters, although declining to contribute towards the subsidy; and, accordingly, they last month despatched a mail to New Zea- land, with the view of having it placed on board the Kaikoura, for transmission to Panama ; but the Government of this colony, knowing that a large and increasing trade was growing np between Victoria and Ame- rica, and anticipating the despatch of a mail by this route by the Victorian postal autho- rities, sent a despatch by the Kaikoura to the Government of New Zealand, intimating that the Government of this colony, as contribu- tors of a large portion of the subsidy, would require the Government of that colony to re- fuse to transmit by the Panama mailahips all malls other than those from the different parts of New Zealand and New South Wales. The result waB that the New Zealand Govern- ment, acting cn thi3 despatch, rejected the mall from Victoria, and it waa left behind. The Government of this colony has, we understand, more recently addressed the several colonial Governments which do not contribute to- wards the Bubsidy, notifying that all letters intended for transmission to America or Europe by the Panama mail- boats, must come through Sydney, in order that the Government of this colony may derive the benefit of the additional postage." SIATE OF TRADE. Up to the arrival of the mail, business was free from any speculative tendency ; and since, the effect of advices has been to limit sales to the merest retail transactions. Breadstnffs have wonderfully maintained the values in the face of excessive supplies. South Australian flour has declined slightly, say 15s. per ton, but wheat has fallen nearly Is, per bushel. The cargo saleB during the month are:-The William Jones, 6,000 bags Chilian flour; the Trossach's and the Ofctollna's cargoes of Chilian wheat, and the Amazon's and Mary Hick's Californian wheat^all sold to arrive. In addition to these the arrivals here comprise the Mary Sophia, the Theresa Oresqui, the Cape Horn, the Valpa- raiso, with wheat and flour from Chili ; the Silas Fish, with oats and barley ; and the Arica, with wheat, oate, and barley, from Cali- fornia. The arrivals in Sydney were the Filomena, Ellen Southard, British Queen, Omeo (now at Melbourne), E. T. L,, Beien garia. Onana and Pampero, from Chili, and the Othello and Craig Ellachie, from Califor- nia. In rice, the cargo of the Laughing Water changed hands to arrive, and subsequently 500 tons, half the stock held in Melbourne, found buyers. Of sugars 26,000 bags have been quitted, comprising the Elizabeth's, Mayotte's, Formosa's, and Eva Joshua's Mauritius sugars, as well as 6,000 mats Bourbon sugars. In timber, the St. John's cargo of Oregon, the Hermann's lumber, the William Tell's deals, and one or two cargoes of cedar, will about cover the extent of transactions. In spirits, we note eales in geneva to the extent of 40.000 cases. On Tuesday morning, the 10th inst., the arrival of the English mail at Adelaide waB announced, and a summary of the important newe transmitted was published in the after- noon, causing a complete suspsnsion of local business for the day. The Etoppage of the Agra and Masterman^ Bank at first created some alarm, but subsequent to receipt of home letters all excitement subsided. The exports to Melbourne for the month (April May) amount to £595,531, and, as compared with the previous month, show an increase of *eiro,ooo. Advices from Calcutta to 8th Jane report the Bailing of the Adrienne, with 500 tons rice, the only departure for the month ; the Laughing Water, the only vessel loading, with 170 ton's, was expected to leave shortly after. From Foo- Chow to 22nd May, we leam that no vessel had left during the month, and no vessel was loading for the colonies. Prices 'of new teas had opened out high, and only one vessel with fine teas had been despatched to England. From New York to 10th April, we learn of the depar- ture of three vessels with 18,000 cases oil and 200,0001b. tobacco. Since receipt of these advices the banks havo adopted precautionary measures to pro- vide against all emergencies by curtailing discounts and restricting any speculative tendency. These Bteps have resulted in several failures, which at first caused a con- siderable amount of distrust, but when they came to be analysed, it was at once Been that the fears indulged were groundless, and no- thing bas Bince occurred to disturb the re- newal of confidence. SÜSPEKSÍOKS AND MEETINGS. A meeting of the creditors of Mr. Denis Eisenstaedter was held, in the Duke of Roth- say Hotel, on Tuesday. The estate showed liabilities amounting to £42,000 (£26,000 of which is secured) ; and assets, chiefly consist- ing of mining shares, estimated at £58,000, thus showing a surplus of £16,000. A com- mittee, consisting of five of the creditors, waa appointed to investigate the affairs; and after their report, which disposed of the surplus, was received, a resolution was arrived at to assign the estate to Messrs. Keep, Beckx, and Lyell, for the benefit of all the creditors. A meeting of the creditors of Mr. David Rannard, boot and shoe merchant, was held at the office of Mr. Lyell, accountant, who submitted a statement of affairs, of which the following is an abstract: ASSETS. Stock-in-trade and book debts .. ..£12,482 1 0 Equities ot properties mortgaged and of securities held by secured creditors ,., fl,3S8 i 9 Cash on band . 105 10 10 Household luraiture and sundries .. SOO 0 0 £10,436 2 7 Deficiency bilanoo . 4,476 18 8 £23,913 1 3 LUMIHIES, Creditors, preferential, for rent, sala- rios, &c.; £221 6 Do., fully secured,. ..£3,172 0 5 Do., partly do., unsecured balance ., 1,531 16 Do., unsecured.22,157 0 £23,013 1 3 The meeting, after 6ome discussion, resolved that the estate should be assigned to Messrs. Ella, Tallerman, and Lyell, as trustees for the benefit of creditors. An adjourned meeting of the creditors in the estate of Brown and Reid was held at the office of Mr. Lyell, accountant. The sub- committee brought up a report and balance sheet prepared by Mr. Lyell. From the latter it appeared that a deficiency of £7,332 8s. lOd. had arisen on the operations of the firm during the past nine months. The following is an abstract of the affairs : ASSETS. Stock and outstanding accounts .. £15,8Si 17 8 Plant, fixtures, &c.; 875 15 11 Equity of bouse at Brighton .. .. 161 10 0 Bills receivable. 492 2 7 Cash. 49 3 10 £17,403 10 0 Deficiency. 7,332 8 10 £21,795 l8 10 LIABILITIES. Unsecured creditors .£20,8SS 12 9 Preferential-Bent, wages, &c.; .. 374 14 8 Partly secured creditors. 3,632 11 fi £24,795 l8 10 The estate has been assigned to Messrs. Couche and Joseph Webster, for behoof of all concerEed. The Bank of Queensland suspended pay- ment on the 24th inst. The stoppage is ex- pected to be but temporary. The liabilities are £123,200, and the assets £361,900. The annual report caused distrust, and the with- drawal of deposits and the run for gold for notes obliged the bank to close Its doors. HOKEY. AND EXCHANGE. Money.-The rates of discount have been to some extent affected by the intelligence re- ceived by last mail. There is not, however, any united action on the part of the banks. Eight to nine per cent, is quoted for sixty-five days ; nine to ten per cent, for ninety-five days ; and ten to twelve, for longer periods. There has been eome inclination to curtail or limit the extent of accommodation afforded; but so little trade has been doing during the- past month that the Inconvenience experienced at present on that account can only be of a slight character. .,, Exchange.-Shortly after the arrival of the last mail, the rate of exchange onLondon for sixty days' Eight drafts was fixed by all the banks at one and a half per cent, at which figure the majority of the transactions for thÎ3 mail will have been effected. Drafts at shorter currency are charged one par cant extra for each thirty days. Upon reference to our summary for the month of July last year, we observe that the Bame rate was then ruling for Eixty days'sight. Deposits have scarcely participated in any rise which may have taken place in the ratea of discount. Three per cent, is given at one month's notice, four and a half at three months', and six to seven at six and twelve months' notice. STOCK AND STATIONS. No sales of station properties have been effected during the month, and it is not likely now that much if any busineEB will ba transacted before shearing. There ia little to fear from drought, and the country is beginning again to assume its wonted aspect Of its appearance at present the Wentworth correspondent of the Pastoral Times writes as follows :-" The weather continues most favourable to the feed; fine mild days, and heavy dews at night, have characterised it since the last rains, which fell on the 16th, changing the aspect of the front- ages in a most satisfactory manner, and quite refreshing to behold. The Bight of green feed, after the absence of it BO long, creates a feel- ing that has been a stranger to us here for nearly two yearB, and brings OB back to the time when scarcity waa the exception and not the rule, and when only a few hours were needed by your horse, after a day's ride, to fill himself, and the remainder of the night to rest, instead of his rambling through the long hours over the parched earth, occasion- ally finding a few stray green leaves, or grind- ing down the stumps of the saltbush, affording the rider the pleasing prospect of a long walk in the morning in search of him. However, the drought is fairly at an end, and the season to come will, I hope, contribute largely to re- move all evidences of the dread Bcouige just pawed over us. The Murray has risen hero sufficiently to open the navigation with Blanchetown, a most desirable consummation, as provisions, and indeed every article of merchandise, were not only most excessively dear, but very scarce-so much so that a few more weeks would have left ua without necea Earies. The Queen started last Monday for Blanchetown, and the Albury, with a heavy freight of wool, Boon followed in her wake. The Culgoa and Bogan are still detained about seven miles up tbe Darling, where they have been lying for Borne months, waiting for water to take them down. The Warrego ia on her way from Blanchetown, and a new boat, the Jolly Miller, with general cargoeä." BIVEE NAVIGATION. We take the following from the Ovens Advertiter:-"'We hear that Messrs. Smith and Banks, steamboat proprietors, have an intention of clearing the Ovens River, from ita junction with the Murray to Wangaratta, if the Government would but vouchsafe protec- tion to.them. They do not desire to exact unreasonable terms ; they simply wish the Government to grant them a lease of the river against all comers for a term, we bilieve of about ten years. At the present time the river does good to nobody, bat if put into a navigable state for small craft, it would very much benefit the trade of Wangaratta. From the junction of the Ovens with the Murray to Wahgunyah is about 150 miles by river ; thiB distance could be reduced to a little over sixty miles. Mr. Byley, the district surveyor, says the distance from Wangaratta to the Murray by the Ovens ia not more than sixty-five miles." OÜB COAST TBADE. The following table shows the value ol produce shipped from the port of Warrnam- bool for six months ending 30th June, 1866: 35 tons flour. £670 0,540 bushels'«heat . S,5SC 030 do. bran . 7C 3,031 do. barley. roc 010 do. oats . 10: 11,211 tons potatoes . 39,35! 72 cases egps, &c.; lil OS CS6KS butter . 41! 00 caces cheese . Bli SC5 hides. 2« 1,181 bales wool. 32,031 0 packaees provisions . 7t Leather, tkini, tallow, bark, &c.; 09; Total .£70,01( TIUiOMAJl EirXCHPRiaE. We take the following from the Port Denisor, Times :-" The cutter Spray is aa fine a specl jnen of a yacht as any on the Australian coast She was built for Lord Dufferin. \Ve have no doubt many of our readers remembai a description of a voyage made by Lord Dufferin to Iceland, to witness the volcanic eruptions of Mount Jorullo. This was the yacht in which he went. She has been te most of the Indian ports, and now belongs te a Melbourne firm, and is employed in the beche-lemer trade." NEW INVENTIONS. Messrs. De la Chapelle and Villian, of 65 Collins-street east, have recently patented ar invention for the crushing and amalgamator of auriferous quartz, which promises to Ieac to results of an important nature; tht patentees, in fact, promise that by the procès: they have adopted not a particle of golc shall be lost from quartz submitted to theil machinery. Mr. PoEtle has exhibited to us the model o an invention which he has recently perfected but not patented, now in the possession o Mr. Erskine, plumber, 39 Swanston-street. I is an improvement on the common suction pump, intended to raise water a greater dis tance than thirty-two feet, without the Inav: Iron tubing required in our deep-sinkinf pumping apparatus. OH. DISC0VEBIES. "A rumour waa current yesterday," sayi the Tasmanian Morning Heraldoi the 4th inst "that some extraordinary discoveries o Íietrolenm oil had taken place in the diatrlci ying to the north-east of Jericho. Grea secrecy is at present maintained on the Bub ject, but we have beard that samples havi been experimented upon at the gasworks, ant the results were moBt satisfactory. No doab the full particulars will shortly be madi known." We take the . following from the Nelso) Colonist of the 10th inst.; announcing ai important discovery :-" That petroleum ex ists In Nelson province has boen placet beyond queBtion by Mr. Halkett, the well known mineralogist, who has just returnei from a visit to the island, where he fount the best evidences of a full supply of thi valuable mineral oil. The place where thi oil is found is a new harbour, hitherto littli known, and situated near the north end o D'Urville's Island. Mr. Halkett describes thi harbour as magnificent, roomy, and wit! ample depth of water. The oil is seen up thi first right arm of this harbour, near to tht mouth of a small river. This oil-spring wa first discovered by means of the Maories." TASMANIAN EAILWATS. We take the following from the Hobai Town Mercury of tho 30th ult. :-" At i meeting of the directors of the Mersey ant Deloraine Railway Company, held at thei offices yesterday, the following tenders wer received for the completion of that portion o their line left unfinished by the former con tractor ¡-Johnson and Lu Wey, JE17.500; Cam mlns and Raymond, £11,500 ; A. H. Swift £11,900. The tender of Cummins and Raj mond will most likely be accepted. At th close of the meeting the following extract c a letter, nnder date of 'London, April th 23rd,' on the subject of the ironwork es pected, was read to the directors :-'On Mr. Alexander has been down to WaleB, t inspect the commencement of the rolling c the iron for the Mersey and Deloraine Tram way, and was well pleased with what he sai at the works. The first portion (150 torn will be Bhipped by the Glendower, in abou three weeks, together with fifty tons c chairs.' " OUR COPPER MINES. THE THOMSON BIVErt COPPER MINE, (FROM TUK WOOD'S TOIST LEASER, JUNE 27.) The main road from Happy-go-Lucky t Toongabbie and Rosedale keeps the top of low undulating range, the same which forme the divide between Stringer's and Deep Creek; and which, from this onward, separate the latter stream from the Thomson. Thi spur or range takes a general direction c about south-east by south, although, like th rest of them, it shapes at nearly every poin of the compass in its gyratory course. For mile or so below the Happy, the averag trend is south-south-west, and as the cours of the Thomson is something like south b east, the spur is consequently gradually closin with the river. Then taking a sweep easter! for a couple of miles or so, the road and th river run in nearly parallel lines; butth Thomson on the one hand, and the Deep Croe on the other, triumph at last over this obatacl to their onion, and the spur finally "cave in" at a point about four miles from ti; Happy. The ground of the Thomson River Copper-mining Company is Bltuate at the point where the aforesaid spur approaches closest to the"river, and where the blind Epura which project from the backbone have some- what the appearanco of buttresses propping up the range. The direction of the mine from the Happy is about S.S.W., distance two miles, although by the track it is something more. The workings are as yet lardly more than preliminary. A shaft his been sunk on the cap of the lode where it was first dis- covered, and a cntting put in a little below. A tunnel, at a level of about 150ft. lower, has been commenced, but has not been driven far enough to meet the vein. The W3rklng3 just commenced by the party who lave under- taken to work the mine are a: the upper cntting, just below the shaft, wbjro men are employed in stripping and breakbg down the ore. Although the surface gives little or no indication of the presence of copper, it becomes immediately apparent where the ground is broken into, a pouliar ver- digris-looking excrescence being abundantly viBble on the stone, when it is ex- posed to the air. So far as can je seen, the western wall of the vein, is the rithest ; it is, where uncovered, about eighteet feet wide, with a strike of north 20deg. westland under- lying slightly eastward. Of coirse further operations may correct these measurements and beatings, but at all events the; are pretty near the mark. The quality 01 the ore is assumed to be from fifty per coat, on the western wall to about fifteen on thi eastern or poorer Eide. Probably, a picked bt may be got that will exceed fifty per cent ; but this will soon be known, as the richir ore now being broken is to be conveyed awiy, and re- duced without delay. From the oppsite bank of the Thomson, a few hundred ¡rards from the workings, a passable dray read can ba cleared easily, to a junction with the main road via Toongabbie, and it is s tit ti that the ore can be delivered for shipment « a cost for carriage of eomething under £1C per torj. It is intended to erect the neceswry smelt inp apparatus on the spot by-ant-by. The original company hold a lease of 640 acres (for copper only) ; but the present operations are carried on by a party of tribttcrs, who have contracted to work the mira for five years, and to pay to the proprietoraa royalty of twelve per cent, of the gross returns. The Etrike of the vein would lead into tie Thom- son both ways, as the river here forna a huge arc, of which the lode is the cord. A good deal of prospecting has been done northward towards Cooper's Creek, and southward across the river, but nothing worth mentioning has turned up. There are, no doubt, »ther de- posits of coppsr'to be found ; for we have in two Instances found indications of the ore a long way from the probable direction of the known vein. If the present venttre realises the anticipations of those intererted in ita success, no donbt an active, and probably a successful search, will be made for other lodes. THE QUEDONG COPPER MINE, JUNBEOO. (niOM THE STDKET EMPIRE.' To attempt producing an intccst in New South Wales by showing ita comnercial ad- vantages of mining to the commtnity is not the object of the present commnnbation, but merely to chronicle a visit lately nade to the Quedong Copper Mine, in the corrpany of an experienced mining captain, sat specially from Melbourne by the Quedcog Mining Copper Company to examine tis workings and report upon the character ard prospects of this mine. Qaedong, distant alan t sixteen miles from Bombala, is situated h an exten- sive hollow or basin on the QuedoE River. Its first appearance is very striking, léing distin- guished by marked features, giñng indica- tions of great mineral riches. Iishows a dis- tinct alternating strata as you approach the locality. Limestone, foil of fosils, is found in close proximity with the sloe rocks, and veins of copper and lead ore mike their ap- pearance on the surface in well-defined character; the out-cropping of gossan, with the peculiar stained colour of tJo earth occa- sioned by the presence of copprores on its surface, renders this locality irteresting and full of promise to the miner. Da examining the Euriace workings of the aine, we were much struck with the large aaount of work that had been done. We oiserved several hundred tons of copper ore onthe grass, prin- cipally of red oxide and gren carbonates, better known as malachite there is also raised about 100 tons of leat ore, which, we were informed, yielded by esay about fifty per. cent, of lead, besides god and silver in paving quantities. The surface indica- tions led the promoters i the Qaedong Mining Copper Company formed in Mel- bourne) to expect that tie copper would occupy a superficial positon at Quedong, similar to that in the mires of South Aus- tralia and on the shores ii Lake Superior. Experience has taught tbm different; and after the expenditure of lpwards of £7,000, they have arrived at the Jnowledge and fact that the hidden minera' treasure lies pro- foundly buried beneath a vast accumulation of foreign matter, and thrt deep and extensive underground workings w11 be required for its development. Shafts hrve been sunk on the ground where the outcop of copper ore ap- peared, and drives put in at various depths connecting them tofSther. An immense nodular block of rock ippears to have been a disturbing cause, but which has served to direct the miners in their search. The sur- face copper veins, vaich were irregularly defined, led the minen to discover a mundic vein, which they fdlowed to tho depth of 150ft,, with an urderlie, connecting It at that depth with a sha't known as Lander's ; this vein is well defired, about five fact wide, with straight clean ifalls, and contains, in copper language, all the indications of riding a good horse; peach,spar, and copper pyrites occupy the whole of ¡his vein, and the mining captains give it as their opinion that vast lodes of copper ore will be found by follow- ing it to its subtenaneous bed. This mine has received visita tom numbers of scientific and practical men, amongst whom we may mention the Survgror-Generals of Sydney and Melbourne, thä geological surveyor of Melbourne, the Dev. W. B. Clarke, Mr. Hamilton (of the Australian Copper Com- pany, Adelaide), Captain Vivian, Captain Tonkin, and, lastl?, Captain Folsue, who all agree as to Quedon; being distinguished by a marked and distinct mineral physiognomy. The pieEent inspection is likely to be attended with the happiest results, the mining captain -who by the war has no personal interest whatever to 6erre-expresses perfect con- fidence in the successful results of this mine, and active operation s will be at once resumed. From the well-known energy of our Mel- bourne neighbours, and the expressed cer- tainty of thiB mine, New South Wales will, when the mine ii developed, receive a smart electric shock for her lethargy, to think that within her own territory existed such a field for employment of labour and capital as the Quedong, and which* they had not the spirit or enterprise to develope. Of course, all trade connected with the mines will then be in the hands of our 'cute neighbours, of which we shall have no right to complain ; then we shall see realised those statements made by that truly scientific and learned geologist, the Rev. W. B. Clarke, nearly four- teen years back-" That a city of furnaces and smoky chimneys will one day or the other have an existence at or near Bombala." KEW TELEGRAPH EXTENS0NS. We take the following from the Hobart Toten Mercury of the 25th ultimo:-"The submarine cable between Tasmania and Vic- toria has now been lying useless in Bass s Straits for several years, owing to breakage?, which neither the Government of Tasmania nor the Government of Victoria would take upon themselves to repair. The Govern- ment of Tasmania would, indeed, have gone into thiB question some years back, but the Government of Victoria were under- stood to havo expressed tpcir unwillingness to have anything more to de with it. Bat now a proposition has come from the Govern- ment of Victoria to take upon themselves one-half of tho expense of putting the cable in working order again, if the Government of Tasmania will take upon themselves the other half; and negotiations are now bung carried on on the subject. The pro- bable expense has, we fear, been pnt at too low a rate. We havo heard £0,000 stated as the probable amount required, that is, £3,000 from each of these Govern- ments. But that would, according to what we hear of the matter, be totally inadequate. Still it is well to have a question of so much importance to tho colony revived in any way. From a paper laid before the Houees of Assembly, we (Neto Zealand Advertiser) leam that the submarine cable for Cook's Strait is to be forty-six nautical miles in length, and is to contain three conductors. The cost ia £448 per nautical mile, or £20,608, free on board Ehip. The contractor, Mr. W. T. Hen- ley, undertakes to submerge it, and maintain it against all risks, and In good working order, for one year, excepting only the risk ot damage done by ships. For submerging, keeping in order for twelve months, and for Bending out and paying all expenses of an efficient Etaff during the period of guarantee, the contractor is to be paid £5,900. The Go- vernment has to pay the cost of transmission. of the cable by he Weymouth, amounting to £2,500. | A general trtoting of the members of the Goulburn galley Vineyard Association (limited) was lied on the 13th inBt.îthe object jbeing to empOTcr tho directors to borrow ¿£1,000 upon th security of the company's estate. Mr. E. I. Lamont prealded. In reply io a shareholder Mr. Rusäell, the secretary, paid that tho lihilitlps of the company on May 30 were ¿866 14a. 8d., and tho assets £883 5?. 3d. A botion was passed empower- ing tho directoi to borrow the amount re- quired. It wa88tatcd in tho course of the discussion that he vineyard had been leased for five years to ilr. E. L. Robinson. -> P-A general meting of the members of the Victorian ShipovnerB1 Association was held on the 10th ja) ; Mr. J. L. Burke in the chair. The objets wero to consider the rules framed by the pavislonal committee, and to elect a committo of management for the on ? ßuingyear. The ode of regulations submitted defined aseligibl tobo members "all persons having an intceet in steamers or Bailing veSEelB registerei in Victoria," and specified OB the province of the association " to pro- tect the interesa of shipowners by taking action in all matters where they are concerned, and enerally to foster tho ship- ping trade of te colony in every way pos- sible;" tho coimitteo to coneiat of seven, three to form a aorum ; the annual meoting to bo held on tb 1st August ; the subscrip- tion to be £1 IB. I year, bub where a firm con- sists of moro tha one raembar the contribu- tion for each, afir the first, to be 10a. 6d. On tho motion of Catain Sidney Smith, seconded by Captain W.H. Smith, the rules wero adopted. The 'roviBlonal committoo wero rcquosted to ac till the first Tuesday in August, whon te regular election will tako piuco. NW COMPANIES. The prospecta has now been issued of the Australasia Woollen Mill Company (Limited). The apital ia fixed at £50,000, in 10,000 Bhares of£6 each. The provisional directory is ver] strong, and many of them are staunch freetraders. It Is proposed to manufacture b«eds and shirtings, and to employ about 25 persons, men, women, and children. The prospeclu of a whaling company has been issued. Te co-it of a three-boat ship, fitted and vlcUlled for a twelvo months' voyage, ia calculted at £4,06-1, and tho esti- mate shows thalif forty tuns of oil are ob- tained during he year the entire outlay would be reoaid,.nd a sum of about £320 lett in hand. For te second voyage the outlay required would nt exceed £1,500. It ia pro- bable that the Bcenie will make progress in a few days. ' runa COMPANIES. "At the speal general meeting of the ghareholders of te Tasmanian Steam Navi- gation Companjheld yesterday," says the Hobart Town Merin/ of the lath inst, " reso- lutions were passd authorising the directors to purchase on thalf of this company, for £15,000, the stemshipä Black Swan and Havilah, from thLnunceston and Melbourne Navigation Comany, together with the latter company's good will in the carrying trade, &c;,-tho aavo price to bo paid by the issue to the Launaston and Melbourne Navi- gation Company f 1,600 shares in the capital of the Tasmania Steam Navigation Com- pany." The annual raeing of the members of the Victoria Life anc General Insurance Com- pany and Savinglnstltute was held on the ÜOth inst. Mr. 1 Miller, M.L.O., presided. The directors, in heir report and statement ot account?, 6aid : " The ptogreES of the com- pany during the)86t year has been satis- factory, and busiiss is increasing in all the branches, while lo nrofits realised have been:-In life deartment, £11,029 Is.; in inauranco and seings department, £6,450 3s. 6d. ; making ;ho total profita amount to £17,470 4s. 6( It will be observed that a Bum of ,4,071, being the amount of compound irnrest on the capital as- signed to the lifi branch, has been trans fcrred to that brach from tho insurmco and savings deparhent. with a view to put tho funds of the life Branch upon an un- doubted footing c security. The directors now dtclore adivimd for the year of 10 per cent, on the paid u capital, which dividend will amount to£4,00, and the balanco will be carried to the crtit of profit andlosfl. The directors, who hae retired in rotation, namely, Ed. Byam right. Esq., and Garmain Nicholson, Esq., J.!, offer themselves for re- election." From tk financial statement, it appeared that the assets of the compsny amount to £102,63 13s. 8ii., including the following items :-Cih at banker's, £17,651 3s. 5d : mortgages and other securities, £120,898 3s. 6d. ; denatures, £19,500 0a. 6d. ; branches and other çcnciei, £4,165 14s. lid. ; and office furniture, M28 HB. lid. After the adoption of the reort a resolution was adopted to add thebusinesa of a guarantee EOcicty to its preEentmeiuess. At the sixteenth anual general meeting of the shareholders of tb Melbourne Gaa Com- pany, the followingbalanco-sheet was sub- mitted: General Balance-sheet otho City of Molbourno Gaa and Coko Compiy, June 30, lSßß. Dr. To capiUl account.£197,010 0 0 To debentures at 31st De- cember last .. . ¿8,100 0 0 Io li sa redeemed duiing half-year.5,000 0 0 -23,400 0 0 To interest duo on dobentujB ., .. 1,004 0 0 TodoponltB. 70 10 0 To Insurauco account . 1,375 2 9 To unclaimed dividends. 218 0 1 To sundry accounts duo b tlio com- pany . 8,232 10 6 To «ear and tear account .. .. 0,055 0 7 To profit and loss, as per staomont .. 0,407 18 2 £210,383 17 Or. Hy buildings and apparatus .. ..£212,783 18 5 .Hy ai pnratus in storo . S.S1Ö fi s Hy gas meters . 8,075 0 i By coal in storo. 1,050 5 0 "By limo in store. 1 11 0 Hy coko in storo .. .. !.. .. 120 0 0 Hy gas rates duo to the compiiy ,, 10,103 0 6 Hy sundry sums duo to tlio oohpany .. 807 15 0 ".By Bank of Now South Wnksl Deposited at interest £4,00 0 0 liaianco of current j account .. .. 3,70 11 3 -J- 7,706 11 8 By cash on hand 30th June, ISO .. 309 5 0 1 £210,303 17 1 Joiq SCOTT, secretary. Tlio City of Melbourno Gas all Coko Company, Melbourno, Juno 9,1808. Audited and found correct, Motiourne, July 12.1S06. D. 8. OAIFBKLII, ) .,",,,",." JOIINBB^, f Auditors. The report and statemontof accounts wero received and adopted. | , i MELBOUItNE AND HOBSON S JAY UNITED BAIL WAY OOIll'Air, The following is the third report of the directors of the Melbourro and Hobson's Bay United Kailwoy Comiany, which will be submitted to the balf- yea'ly general meet- ing, to be held in a few days: " Tlio directors, in laying hefon tho shareholders a \- statement of tho operations and pogrcss of the com- pany for the half-year ending Sith Juno last, have again the satisfaction of coiigratilathig them upon tlio continued prosperity of tlio uidortaking, " As anticipated by tlio dirotors in their last report, the causes of tile decrea« of revenue in tho inorchindlso department which (Derated injuriously 'upon tho receipts of the si* tnmths ending 3lst December, 1805, have not leer ol a permanent diameter, for notwithstanding tho fluctuating ntfuro of foreign imports which characterised tho last few mouth», tho number and largo tomago of tho recent arrlrals have materially increased tho rovonuo from that fource. The tonnago convoyed over the lino for tlio last six months amounts to 03,091 toni, being 10,000 ton*, or twenty per cent., in sxcoss of tho pre- vious lialfyoar, and lethe largest quantity of mer- chandise carried during any balf-ycir sinco its onon ing, in 1864. Sixty-six foreign vessels and twenty seven colliers bavo dbcharged their cargoes at tho company's plor, in addition to which 121 colonial and intercolonial steamers have contributed their . quota of passengers and cargo. Tho passenger traille Is of a very satt»factory cluracter, and only awaits further development at some stations on tho lino in make it still moro remunerative. " Tlio construction of a single Uno ot telegraphic communication over the whole if tho company's lines ot railway has boen completed, and is now in working order at Brighton beach, Chapel-street, Molbourno, and Sandridge. The other stations will bo supplied -with Morse's patent Ink-recording instruments at soon as practicable. "The Iron bridges for connecting tho platforms at Ellzabotli-stroet stutlon ore now being fitted together upon the company's grounds and will be erected In a fiwdajs, when tho pasaengor trafilo from Prlnco's biidge Station will be dltcoutinuod, and transferred to the former station. "An additional encino and carrlago shed has been .erected at the company's workshops, Sandridge. Extra shed accommodation is in tho courso of cou »truction at Princo's-bridgo Station for tho reception of imperishable goods, and a covered platform forre celtlug goods intended tor export will shortly be erected, tho want of which has boen much felt lately. . "Thewoiks in connexion with the improvements in Moray-street culvert having bcon completed, and approved of by the Board of Land and Works, tho President of that department, In accordance with tho provisions of the HDbton's Bay Ballway Act Amend- ment Act, Ko. 271, section 1, notiOeU tho company accordingly, and such notification was published in the 'Government Gnzotto' ai couclnsive ovldenco that Hie sum required to bo expended and psld, in terms of section 0 of the aforesaid act, had been duly m»do In terms of the requirements thoreof. The cost of building materials having consider- ably »dtaiiccdlu prico sinco tho date of last report, when tho plans ,for a now station at Elizabeth-street wero under the consideration of your directors, It has boen deemed advisable to postpone- Hie erection if station buildingR for tbo present, and provide for the concentration of the passenger traille by furnishing an extra waiting-room eackfor ladle« and gentlemen, and additional accommodation for the refreshment room, with other conveniences adapted for prosent requirements. " Tho locomotive engines and waggons ordered from England (referred to in last report) maybe ex- pected to arrive in a short time, and placed upon the Uno. The engineer reports that tbo permanent way and rolling stock aro in an excellent state of mainte- nance and efficient working order. " Tho not profits, after deducting Interest and work- ing expenses, havo boen apportioned as follows, viz.: for dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum .£26,735 0 0 Leaving a balanco of . 813 10 11 Total.£27,378 10 X1 " Tho following statement shows thorecoipts of the line from 30th June, 1805, to 30th June, 1800, Inclu- sivo : Ko. of passengers Sandridge lino .. St. Kilda .. Emerald-hill Chapel-strcot Hawthorn.. Brighton .. Merchandise, tons .. Total receipts 336,009 407,041 223,857 807,791 248,272 257,015 79,038. 04,4814 2! c4 boo Si ceot Sw 2.' 377,060 422,693 217.42S 870,724 276,710 292,042 05,031 £ 09,437 17 O' 713,725 820,03» 410,785 1,744,615 623,938 549,057 176,319 £ 133,922 1 2 GENERAL BALANCK-SHEET, AT 30TII JUKE, 1800. To receipts, as per capital statement.. £919,7i0 0 0 To reserve fund.22,038 1 0 To revenuo.27,378 10 11 To interest on debentures .. .. 9,328 1 To Colonial Bank.10,010 0 To sundry claims against tho company 6,243 13 1 £993,783 19 3 Ey expenditure as per capital state- ment .£913,305 15 10 By mortgages duo 10th March, paid off 30,800 0 Bystores. 14,850 0 By emergency account. 000 0 0 By Colonial Bank deposits on con- tracts . 97 0 0 By National Bank deposits do. .. 335 0 0 By English Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank deposits rio. .. 72 0 0 By sundry claims duo tho company ., 4,714 2 £093,733 10 3 SOOTHEnN INSURANCE C0MPAN1-. The following is the report of the Southern Insurance Company for the six months ending 30th June, which will be submitted to the iourtn half-yearly meoting on the 3rd proximo : " In presenting tho statement of accounts and balanco-shcct for tho half-year ending 30th Juno last, your directors are ablo to point with much satisfac- tion to the position now attained by the company, and they havo at tho samo timo to congratulate the shareholders upon the fact that, notwithstanding the period now under rovlow embraces a succession of casualties and disasters at sea most exceptional, and, as regards flipping interests connected with the Australian colonies wholly unparalleled, all ascer- tained losses have been provided for without trenching upon tho reserve lund. Tho losses paid, including those which wero known but not sottled at the dato of last report, amount to £80,970 8». 2d., tho greater portion ot which was incurred by the total lot» of flrxt-c ass ships in the direct trade to theo colonies. The profit and loss account for tho halt year shows a credit hálanos of £5,903 18s. 9d., vvhich, together with premiums received at branch offices and agencies to 30th June, since advised but not taken into account, is sullicicnt for the settlement of all as- certained but unadjusted losses accruing prior to that date. Since the dato of last report there has not b«en lime to do moro in respect of the proposed oxtenslon of the company's business (so as to Includo ritks to or from tho United Kingdom and Europe) than Issue In- structions for tho guldanco of tho London branch ; but during the Interval your directors have been impressed willi the desirability, in order to givo due effect to the resolution thoa arrived at, of granting to ngonts in the East power to underwrite such risks from their respectivo porte. It is therefore proposed to oxtond the instruc- tions in this respect, taking precaution that only tho most doslrablo first-class business shall bo accepted. In view of tho result of the operations of tbo past half-year, your directors doem It prudent to defer tho declaration of a dlv Idead, fooling that the position ot tho company and the Interests of shareholders aliko will bo host conserved by maintaining the present reservo fund of £35,000 intact. " Tho statcuiout of accounts Is as follows ; REVENUE ¡TtOll 1ST JANUARY TO 30TII J DNS, 1303. Net premiums .. .. £35,575 5 6 LefcS returns, for short interest, &c.; .. .. 1,104 14 11 -£34,330 10 0 Interest received and accrued .. .. 4,3iS 7 6 Commissions . 409 12 (i Transfer fees, &c.; 47 10 8 Premium on thirty new shares., .. 20 5 0 Balance. 7,338 4 0 £17,044 10 10 EXPENDITURE rnoM 1ST JANUARY TO 30TH JU.VE, 1800. Marino losses, adjusted and paid ..£30,070 8 2 Office furnlturo, tor depreciation .. 37 17 3 OIllco proailsts. 70 11 0 Expenses-Salaries, £1,147 11s. 7d. ; ret t, £150; ad- vertising, £00 4i. Od. ; sta- tionery, &c;, £14410s. 9d.; sundries, £95 7s. ..£1,593 0 4 London branch (nine mouths).1,455 0 8 Sydney branch .. .. 500 17 4 Agency connaissions and, charges . S10 10 10 Directors' and auditors' fees 521 0 0 \- 4,957 13 S Bo-Insurance premiums, adjusted and duo.11,007 l8 D £47,044 10 10 FllOFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT. Dr. To rcsorvo fund.£29,000 0 To dividend to 31st Dccoiubcr, 1SS5 .. 4,630 0 To balanco as above . 7,338 4 Tobalance.0,003 13 £37,772 3 0 Pr. By balance at 31st December, 1805 ..£37,772 3 0 By balance. .. £5,9)3 13 BALANCE-SHEET. LlAUILniKÜ. Subscribed capital .£453,160 0 0 Ilcservo fund . 35,000 0 0 Bank of Australasia, London ., .. 18,600 0 0 Bills payable . 2,233 17 1 Accounts owing by the company .. 0,359 8 2 Unclaimed dividends .. .. .. 89 7 0 Balanco profit and loss account, as abovo . 6,0)3 13 9 £521,203 11 0 ASSETS. Uncalled capital.£382,520 0 0 Loans on mongaga .02,893 15 10 Fixed deposits in bank'.45,000 0 0 Cash in bank of Australasia .. ., 6,472 14 10 Accounts duo to the company .. .. 3,403 1 4 Agunta'balances. 6,093 13 8 Bills receivable. 0,049' 3 10 OIllco premises. 141 S 11 Offico furniture, hoad office ami branches 719 7 7 £621,203 11 0 tANO MORTGAGE BANK. The half-yearly meeting of the Lond Mort gase Bank of Victoria was held on Tues- day afternoon, at the Mechanics' Institute. The Hon. O. J. Jenner, M.L.O., tookthechair, and there were sixteen shareholders present. The following balance-sheet to 30th June was submitted : Dr. To nibscribed capital. £50,000 0 0 To deposits and interest. 42,020 6 3 To dividends unclaimed. 101 10 4 To balance-profits . 1.33S 11 2 £91,429 12 0 Cr. By uncalled capital .£40,000 0 4 By leans and interest.40,024 7 0 By pi ollmlnary expenses. 774 7 V By furniture, safes, books, ¡cc. 600 18 10 By cash In National Bank and offico .. 7,123 l8 11 £94,429 12 9 PROFIT AND Loss. Dr. To deposit interest .£1,107 12 8 To current cliirges, including rcpt, salaries, advertising, and oltlco ex- penses . 831 2 3 To balance-profit, as above .. ,. 1,333 11 2 £3,307 0 1 Cr. By Intcrost and commission ., .. £2,012 5 4 By balance from 31st December .. 005 0 9 '£3,307 0 1 W. PATERSON MOIR, Manager. I hereby certify that I have examined tbo accounts of tho Land Mortgage Bank of Victoria (limited) for tho half-year ending 30th June, 1800, that I have counted tho cash balances and examined the securities, bud found the same to be correct. July l8,1800. THOMAS DICKSON, Auditor. A dividend of ten por cent, was agreed to. The directors recommended the issue of 6,000 additional shares. THE BANKS, The following abstracts, showing the average amounts of the liabilities and assets of the several banks to which they rofer, taken from the several weekly statements during the quarter from the 1st April to 30th Juno, aro taken fiom the Gazette of July 20: Uuion Bauk of Australia.-Liabilities-Notes In circulation, not bearing interest, £131,307 4s. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £22,117 17«. 2d. ; deposits not bearing Intcreit, £400,30114s. lid. ; de- posits, bearing interest. £723,793 10s. 8d. Total amount of liabilities, £ 1,370,DSO 12s. 9J. Assets Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £218,080 9s. Od. ; gold and silver in bullion or bar«, £01,178 6a. 3d. ; landed property, £15,01010s. ; note« and bills of other banks, £10,08113s. Od. ; amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of ex- change, and all stock and funded debt« of every de- scription, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to tbo said bank from other banks, £1,497,907 7«. Id. ? Total amount of asset», £1,871,357 6s. 7d. The return also includes the following -Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho close of the quarter ended 80th June, I860, £1,250,000, rate of the last dividend du clarcd to tho shareholders, 17 per cent por annum, amount of tho last dividend declared, £100 250, amount of the reserved profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £353,730 Sa. Oriental Bank -Liabilities-Notes in circulation, not hearing lntorost, £70,571 7s 8d , bills in circula- tion, not bearing Interest, £27,63210J , balances duo to other banks, £28 237 Ca 5d , deposits, not bearing interest, £133,481 11s lOd ; doposlts, boaring in- terest, £41S,60518s. 8d Total amount of liabilities, £081,410 3s 2d Tlio Bssets aro as follow -Coined gold and sill cr and other coined motáis, £01,07012s ltd , gold and silver in bullion or bars, £51,410 12; , lauded property, £10 000, notes and bills of other banks, £7,278 10s BJ , balances duo from other banks, £10,S33 3s 2d , amount of all debts duo to tho bank, lncludiug notes, bills of oxcWango, and nil stock and funded debts of evorvdoscilptlon, ex- cepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bink from other bankB, £007 321 17s Total amount of assets, £010,82315s 9d Tne return also ineludcs tho following -Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho cloio of tho quarter ending 30th of Juno, £1,500,000, rate of the last dividend declared to tho shareholders, 5 per cent, equal to 10 por cent per annum, amount of tho last dividend declared, £76 000, amount of tho reserved prouts at the time of declaring such dividend, £441,000 Bank of Australasia -Liabilities-Notes in circula tiou, not bearing interest, £228,001 12s 4d , bills la circulation, not bearing interest, £1,050 14s Id , doposlts, not bearing intorrst, £503,533 93 lid , deposits, hearing interest, £870,087 Os 2d lota! amount of liabilities, £1,712,733 2s Od The assets ere as folio« -Coined gold «id silver and other coined metals, £131 073 10a 3d , gold and silver in bullion or bara, £81,914 14s 4d , Victorian Go verunicnt securities, £60,000, landed proportj, £00,631 109 Od , notes and bills of other banks, £¿0,402 3s , amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and lunded debts of ovory description, excepting notes, bills, mid balances duo to the said bank from other bunks, £2,012,703 Is Gd Total amount of assots, £2,400,704 19s lOd The return also Includes tho following -Amount of tho capital stock paid up at this date, £1,200,000, rato of the last dividend declared to tho aharobolders, 0 per cent and a bonus of 8 per cent , being together 14 per cent per annum , amount of tbo last dividend declared, £81,000, amount of the reserved profits after doclarbji,' such dl\ idend, £370,000 9s. 3d ISatioiul Bank of Australasia -Liabilities-Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £115,410, billa in circulation, not bearing Interest, £4,092 12s 4d , deposits, not bearing Interest, £270,310 18s , deposits, bearing interest, £315,622 12s 3d Total amount of Ihbill les, £721,03110« 7d Assots-Colned gold and silt er and other coined metals, £122,828 0s Id , gold and sllvor in bullion or bars, £'8,712 2s Id , landed proportv, £20,480 10» lid , noteH and bills of other banks, £25,0111 Si , balances duo from other banks, £18,13S 2a 8d , amount of all debts duo to tho bank, lucludiiiv notes, bills of c\chango, and all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to tho said bank from other banks, £918 480 2° Id Total amount of assets, £1,142 411 17s 10d Amount of the capital stock puid up at tho close of tbo quarter ending ¿0th Juno, 1800, £640 000 , rato of the last dividend d-clarcd to tho shareholders, 10 per cent , amount of tho lost dl\ idend declared, £27,000 , amount of tho roiervod profits at tho timo of declaring such dit idend, £130,000. Colonial Bank of Australasia -Liabilities-Notoa in circulation, £90,401 13i id , bills in circulation, £1,SS7 0s 4d , balances due to other banks, £10,552 Oa lid , deposits, not bearing interest, £307,277 7s lOd , deposits, boating interest, £58123? 2s 3d lot ni anount of liabilities £1,003,417 Us SJ Afcts- Coined gold and silt or and other coinod metala, £120,004 16s lOd , gold and silver in bullit u or bars, £37,460 2s 4d , landod propertj, £4o 110 10s 8d , notes and bills of other banka, £10,689 15s lOd , balances duo from other banks, £«0,Sd4 2a 2d , amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchango and all stock and funded debts ol ovorj description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bauk from other banks, £1 231,027 11» 4d Total amount of assets, £1,611,393 4s 2d Amount of the capital stock pal 1 up at tho close of the qutirtcr onding 30th June, IStiß, £437,000, rato of the last dividend do dared to tho tharcholdcrs, 10 per cent per annum ; amount, of the last dividend declared, £21,875, amount of tho resert ed profits at the lime of declaring such dividend, £63,000 London Chartered Hoik of Australia -Liabilities Notch in circulation, not bearing interest, £110,315 3s Id bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £2 853 7s fid , balances duo to other banks, £1,028 10< Od , deposits, not bearing interest, £102,730 los lid , do posits, bearing mteroBt, £492,111 11s lid Total amount of liabilities, £775,081 0s lOd The assets aro as foil ra -Coined gold and silvo- and other coined metal«., £1S 511 9i lOd , gold and silver in bullion or barí, £38 727 Ss 3d , landod proportj, £04,102 108 3d , notes and bills of other banks, £11,813 12s lOd , balancea duo from other bank», £3,707 11s Od , amount of all debts due to tho bink, including notes, bill» of exchange, and all stoek and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, billi, and balance», duo to the said bank from other banks, £1,461,411 8s 8d Total amount of aBsots, £1,00S,483 10s 7d The return also includoa the following - Ammuit of the capltnl stock paid up at this date, ¿1,000,0CU , rate of Liio last dividend declared to tho shareholders, 8 per cent , amount of the last dlv idend doclarcd, £40,000 , amount of the reserved profits after declaring such dil idend, £151,5SS 7s lOd IMPORTS AND E\rOETS. The following tablo Rives the importa and oxpoits since the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1865 - Week ending Jan 0 Jan 13 Jan 20 Jan 27 Feb 1 leb 10 Teb 17 lib 24 Mar 3 Mar. 10 Mar 17 Mar 24 Mar 31 April 7 April 14 April ¿1 April 23 May 6 May 12 May 19 Maj 20 Juno 2 Juno 0 Juno 10 Juno 23 June 80 July 7 July 14 July 21 Imports. Ib05 £ 212,370 801,617 270,812 140,067 234,CS3 829,810 217,010 413,030 270 804 210,023 218,130 269,059 189,828 219,303 IIO.IOS 107,313 186,616 232,002 425,690 10S.162 170,637 200,615 210,584 226 312 180,708 100,065 220,148 169,130 230,200 1800 810,491 260 717 199,804 178,409 212,321 358,748 392,000 233,014 208,005 200,285 377,771 249 579 105,305 108,835 144,850 391,037 131,620 202 008 307,240 243,805 120,364 344,070 329 967 307,868 ¿00,120 227,053 165 091 222,241 271,134 Exports 1805 £ 209,007 107,053 400 730 621,143 123.JS9 101,133 103,309 414..1S1 64 337 99,256 242,620 420,331 140,794 157 903 03 381 87,500 403,707 80,359 60.10S 280, ¿72 213 bOl 85,670 188 3SI 144,163 118,255 421,232 38,055 63,634 4S1.0I13. 0,746,697 | 7,872,8211 6,928 789 | 5,901,087 1800 £ 145,411 182,170 174,901 600,955 142,044 267,877 74,031 027,200 132,610 180,b07 100,071 451,695 111,700 «3,003 171,841 34,015 472,150 118,271 51,009 S77.0S7 303,207 01,241 212,719 47,401 40,371 003,403 101,207 170,041 110,317 During the first period tho account stood thuB . Imports .£0,715,697 Exports .0,923,789 Btlance of Imports ov er ex-ports .. £S10,89S During the second period : Imports .£7,372,824 txports . ,. 6,901,0S7 Balance of imports over exports ,, £1,471,197 STOCIeS IN BOND. The appended returns Bhow the amount of Btocku in bond at Melbourne on tho 22nd inst -Brandj, 3,030J hhds 45,604 cases, rum, 618* hhds. 1)86 cases; geneva, 10 hhds. 110,481 red cabes, 4968 green cases ; whiskey, 329J hhds 11,378 cases ; gin, sweetened, l8 hhds 6871 cases; cordials, 2112 cases, spirits of wine, 73i hhds : other spirits, d5 hhds 16,087 cases, wine, 5 0051 hhds. 19,979 cases, colonial spirits, 1,30a hhds. and casks, 366 cases ; beer, 5 520 hhds. 11,001 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufactured),l 276 half- tierce8,2 d23 quarter titrccsand kegs, 7,018 three quarter boxes and boxes, 5,112 cases-total, 2,526,7431b., do (unmanufactured), 127 hhds and casks, 115 cases, 2,472 bales-total, 527,7201b ; cigars, 914 cabCB- 117,llSlb ; snuff, 12 packages, tea, 14,215 chests, 20,686 half cheats, 8,813 boxes, collée, 2493 bags, 15 tierces, 15S casks, 671 barrels,-total, 594 2041b, molasses, 9 tons ; sugar-Mauritius, 28,686 bags, Manilla, 13 218 bugs; Java, 3,852 bags, other, 1682 tons, 161 casita and cases Chicory, 261 pack ages; opium, prepared,69 packages-3 87mb., do, unprepared, 1 package-1021b., dried fiuits, 2,835 packages ; hops, 869 pockets ; rice, 27,997 bags 24 barrels ; malt, 1,107 bags. Under tbo new tarif! -Boots and shoes, 1 670 I ackagf R ; silks, 10 packages ; apparel and blopp, 110 packages; hat», caps, bonnets &c; , 234 packages, oats, 5 221 bags, barley, 19,913 bags; bottled fruits, 766 cases, candles, 1,740 boxes, cocoa, 33 cuses, chocolate, 39 cases ; preserved meats, fish, Lo, 1,685caBes; sad- dlery, liatherwaie, ¿vc, lb cases; toi s aud woodwnre, 16 cases ; brushware and wicker ware, 29 hhds , musical instruments, 2 cases ; drapery, hosiery, &,o, 485 packugeä, woolleaB, 37 bales, jams, 413 cases ; varnish. G2 casos ; cheese, 612 cases, vinegar, GO cases 116 casks, barns and bacon, 498 packages ; confectionery, 91 cases; oilmen's stores, 4,948 CASOS; earthenware and glass, 26 packages, jewellory, &.C, 1 case, butter, 398 tubs ; aalt, 1,701 bags. BUIPPIliG AÎ.D FBEIGHT MABKET. Per Madras Mr. S. De Beor's monthly ship ping and freight report is as follows - " Tho gcneial briskness in freights referred to as prevailing st date of my last report, 27th ult, was but of short continuance, and tlio psst two or throo weeks have been chaiactorlsed by greater barrenness In height transactions than has been usual even at this our dullest season of tho j ctr Tho departures for Lolidou during the month hav c beon four, em- bracing the Dover Costlo, Roígate, Moraviin, and yorkshire, the berth for that port being now occupied by the Omar Pasha and Wave of Lifo, with tho True Britain ta arrive, UJW daily oxpeeted Tlio Dover Castle and Holgate left with full ca- goes of produco, and the whole of their passenger accommodation oc- cupied , neither the Yorkshire nor Moravian were full} loaded, although the former sceurcd her full complement of pa«ongers, besides a lsrge amount of gold Freight to Loudon declined to a halfpenny per lb for scoured wool , wet hides, 80s. , rsg», 60s per ton During the past fe» days the con- signees'demanda bave increased co five eighths for scoured wool, at which sev oral engagements hav o been made It la pleating to bo able to state that last mail Ete.iii.erairived within duo time; thus proving the correctness of tho general conviction entortalned by the colonies, that tbo Peninsular and Oriental Steam Company aro quite able, if its directors so will it, to land our malls within tho contract time Tho irrei,u larltios of tho post oighteon months hive boon boruo with groat patlenco by our mercantile communities, and great lossos bavo in conscqucnco been sustained not only by shipowners, but a'so by shippers of mer cbandise from all quarters Tho cxcitiiignews of tho last mall of tho financial panie and its results in Eng land and ludia caused a cessation of business in freight from tho latter, and sinco then both ship masters and their agents have oviuctd an anxiety to accept of any employment which offered o pro peet of pay ing oxponscs, but ov en tint has not been procurable In moro than a forr instances Tho availablo tonnago in port, how ever, is unusually small, tho greater portion being under charter to load guano at tho Chinchas Tbo arrivals from Chilian ports and San Francisco hav o been numorous during the month, comprising handy and superior vessels, but tho masters of which prefer returning there, whore they had fallen In with good employment, rather than accept Buch business asia offorcd hero Although high rates to load colls at ISovvcastlo for ports in China, i.e., aro offered-viz., Shanghai, 34s , Hong Kong, 26s , Singapore, 20s , Java, 20s- no engagements bavo beou made Several largo parcels of dead weight aro also offering for various Indian ports, for which lull ratc3 would will intly be paid, and tonnago is also wanted for horses for B mbaj and Calcutta The only engagements re ported during tho month comprise that of tho colonial barque Sea Nymph, of a carrying capacity of 300 ton , £1,400 for tho round, with u carç,o of coals, lnowcvstlo to San Francisco, thencd with grain to Meibourno, tho Glenshee, 20s for coals to Batavia an 155s fora general cargo to this port the Staffordshire lo »da t,uano at Malden Island, for Liverpool, at a rato which has not transpired, and the Chelsoy takes Chinese passengers to Hong Kong at £4 each, (,ivin¡, how over long lay days hero The prevalent feature in tho trade with tbo various Ivow Zovland ports Is that of greit dulncss, without any immodlato apparent prospect of Improvement, and this remark applies both to steam and sailing vessels A few engage ments have been ruado to load coals at Kow castle for several of tho New Zealand ports at 20s to 22s per ton, which maybe deemed very full rates I'lio sales of shipping during tho month havo not boon numerous, and embraco tho following \>r- tho s s City of C-vtin cestón, sunk in the south channel i f Port Phillip Bay, a few months ago, from collision with the s s Penola, and to miso which tovo al unsuccessful efforts havo been mado, realised £320 The s s Barwon, lying far up on tho beach near Queenscliff after every effort on tho part of the owners to got her afloat ha 1 failed, waa abandoned to tho underwriters, and fetched at auction, on tho lattcrs account, £3 500, which Is goncrallj oonsidorod a very lar¿a Bum taking into account tho risk involved Trio ship Ghelsey, formerly Caroline Tucker, 004 tons rogister, bulli in 1861, at Mystic, In the United ¡btat°s, brought £2,050 ' THE REVENUE The following IB a statement of the trans- actions during the quat ter ending June 30, 1806 - Accounts Finance, 1805 Receipts llev cnuo Repay monts, S.C, to credit oi expenditure Expenditure tinder votes and appropriations Befunds and transfers from revenue rinance, IbOO Receipts Bov cnuo Bopaj ments, {»», to credit of cxi cndlturo Expenditure Under votes and appropriations Befunds and transfers from rev enuo Advances Cash credit account London Chartorcd Bank, Advance Account Polico clothing fund Crow n ngonts for tho colonies Customs ov erttmc Olllcers Goods Txtii lookers salaries Fssondon Ballway receipt account Other Gov ornments Hillway construction account 1 urchaso of tho Goolong and Mel bourne Ballway Repair of the Geelong and Mel bourno llailw aj Sewerage ind Vi atcr Supply-credl tor account Public loan account Iho contracting banks-their agonts in London The contracting banks-bills re rulttcd account The railway loan agents Iho railway loan agents-remit- tances London and Vi estmlnstor Bank London Joint Stock Bank Bufonees I ohec rovvard fund Polico hospital fund Penal establishment fund Trust fund Intestate estates fund Assuraiico fund Immigration deposits Tolls fund Special appropiiations of former years Sale oi ammunition Pension fund-schodulo D, part 7 o"="T." Í Debtor account Suspenso t Creditor account 423,136 30,207 750,830 6 SOO £ 3,025 1,013 7i7,934 S 810 217217 220,871 101,920 105,084 841 17 7 227 721 6,092 2 331 434 1,378 170,000 212,917 210 709 173 100 40,000 21,710 3,22, "07 2 730 43" 1S0S9 9 803 1691501 940 098 731,720 271,0o4 739 200 75,539 677 ~90 291 1,007 100,850 212 017 175 503 37,b37 Û73 207 85 300 0.S91 404 3 872 44o 12 151 4,123 3 638 2f9 3 533 259 The following is a comparative statement of the net revenues of Victoria recen ed into the Treasury, Melbourne, during and on account of the six months ending 30th Juno, 1805 and 1800 respectively - HEADS OP REVTNUB II E-= Six months ending 30th Juno, 1800 I -CUSTOMS On Spirits Wino Alo, porter, &.c Tobacco and snuff CiL/ire Tea Sugar and molasses Coffee, chicory, cocoa, and chocolato Opium Blco Hops Malt \Uiaifai,o and lnrbour rates Export duty on gold All other duties Total Customs II -EXCISE Spirits distilled in Victoria Publicans licences Auctioneers do All othor llccncos Total excise III -TKKIUTORIAt, Sale of land by auction Accruing from rents and selections Pastoral occupation, &.C Fees, leases, and licences Bent of I) leaton under the Amending Act Miners lights Business licences I oasos of auriferous lands Other licences and leases Total territorial IV- PUBLIC WORKS Railway income ft ator supply Klcctrlc telegraph Total publie works V -PORTS AND IlAiwouns Tonnage Pilotage (at outports) Total ports and harbours VI- POSTAGE (Including re coipts unflor Money Orders) VII - FEU Supreme Court General Sessions and County Courts Courts of Mmos Courts of Petty Sessions All othor fees s d 209 24! 24 208 l8 514 70.43S 7,r ss^o 37,008 0,710 8,990 S 128 3,182 3,085 40,480 34,410 220,857 3 5 20,037 17 9 14 905 10 10 60 005 10 0 5 217 17 3 10 8U 10 7 39,075 12 4 6 655 10 2 8 SOO 8 0 8 780 13 1 3 761 10 0 2 731 8 5 47,175 13 0 41 610 5 11 45 400 SI 9 7,4791 0.S01 iros 6,014 14,140 10 9 4,187 10 0 2 301 7 2 3,047 l8 10 20 950 24 337 0 0 27,160 28,500 7,055 38,845 13,070 4""" 6,59e 08,000 15 7 72,070 10 0 Jl 170 10 11 11,621 O 11 53,605 19 0 8,182 12 3 2,309 2 0 Ü, 93 1 10 127 19 1 108,310 264 222 10 10 210 802 15 001 257,971 17 10 23 742 10 li 10,352 19 7 20",404 8,180 8 929 14 0 105 O 5 7,9a0 V 820 4 0¡>7 21,876 8,373 0 9 1,077 17 8 ISO 4 2 6 020 13 0 18,033 12 4 Total foes 34,197 l8 11 TOR S III -FINES AKD rElTUHES Supreme Court General Serions and County Courts Courts of Potty Sessions All other finos Total flues and forfeitures, I\ -MlBCBLI.AM'OUS Items (oxclusiv o of land) Government printer I abfeur of prteonera Storage of guupowdor Salo of Government property All other rectipts Total miscellaneous Total revenue Netdecrca'ton thesW months! 21 14 10 2,405 11 11 1,435 0 0 4,002 0 6 2 010 25,902 1264 0 3 l&Ol; 8 0 1,401 0 0 705 15 2 1,290 0 11 16,874 10 2 35,632 22 397 4 0 127039S 6 2 The following is a comparative statemont of the net revenues of Victoria received during and on nccount of the quarters and j ear» ending 30th June, 1865 and 18G6, respec- tively : HEADS OP REVENDE. tju-irur ending. 30th I SOth Juno, Juno, 1805\. I 1800. Year ondlng. 30:h Juno, 1805. 80th Juno, 1800. I.-CUSTOMS. Import Duties On Spirits Wiuo.. Ale, porter, &c...; Tobacco and snuff Cigars Tea ... Sugar and mo- lasses Coffee, chi- cory, cocoa, and choco. Ute Opium Rico .. Hops Malt .. Wharfage and harbourrates Export duty on gold .. All other du- ties.. Total Customs.. II.-EXCISE. Spirit« distilled in Victoria Publicans' licences Auctioneers' do... All other licences. Total excise .. III.-TERRI- TORIAL. Solo of land by auction.. Accruing from rents and Bolée lions Pastoral occupa, pallon, &c.; Fees, leases, and licences.. Rents of leases undor Amend ingAct.. Miners' rights ., Business licences. Leases of aurifer- ous lands Other licences and leases .. 147,769 11,921 10,740 34,810 3,505 14,853 13,035 8,803 4,302 4,050 1,273 2,234 21,915 10,323 48,229 123,042 10,084 7.6S3 81,024 2,405 12,707 22,154 3,930 4,997 6,880 1,372 1,756 20,637 19,040 83,140 £23,329 49,211 37,378 139,780 13,205 63,603 79,914 12,179 25,433 14,369 5,108 7.8S9 82,032 93,202 05,884 463,460 42,847 31,217 120,793 11,351 07,231 76,530 18,821 18,007 17,000 6,013 7,304 02,207 87,530 109,807 340,047 312,400 1101S03 4,230 1,13: S,245j 10,276 20,590 4,054 8,000] 23,481 13,813 4,035 0,025 0,458 O.OtO 60,420 47,357 33,800 17,057 27.SC9 4,116 83,845 0,334 2,087 3, HS 80,900 89,013 81,140 6,001 33,027 3,071 710 4,115 74 418,304 111,720 111,433 10,32! 38,846 20,072 . 9,050 10,090 Total territorial IV.-INCOME FROM PUKLIC WORKS. Ballway income.. Water supply .. Electric telegraph. V. - PORTS AND IIAIUOURS. Tonnage .. Pilotage (at out ports) .. Total ports and harbours 138,504 149,620 74S.809 135,303 8,004 1SS,59S 10,221 9,180 492,263 J 3Ï.267 144,207 104,000 523,530 3,545 17,303] ' 107 3,583 4,506 17,411! 203,025 183,951 131,719 24,272 122,260 19,721 6,001 15,022 127 778,702 672,751 5!»,74S 31,042 067,140 17,901 2S3 13,244 VI.-POSTAGE".. | 33,U05| 30,02l| 120,842| 137,801 VII.-FEES. Of Supreme Court General Sessions & Comity Courts . Courts of Mines .. Courts of Petty Sessions AU other fees Total fees VIII.-FINES AND FORFEITURES, Oi Supremo Court Gcueial Sessions S: County Collits. Courts of Petty Sessions All other fines .. IX.-MlSCELLAKE aus. Rents, exclusivo ot land Government prin pri-! ter Labour of sonéis Storago of gun- powder . Sale of Govern- ment property , All other receipts. Total miscella- neous Total rovonuo.. Net decrease the quartor Kel increase on tho year 4,609 1,050 2,013 10,457: 1S.831 1,012 2,218 641 1,205 046 261 2 004 21,043 20,005' 713,167 711,033, 2,110 4,S03| 17.230J 3, 3,152 9,395 1S,039| 2,214 018 901 1,125 39: 60 i 0,902 18,005 711,038 9,434, 43,201; 74,4 iü 0,459 2,710 lO.OSli 2,678 5,311 4,041 1, 4,074 35,110 62.S15 17,633 4,285 608 11,031 39,870 73,823 4,033 18,784 23,747 2,439 4,571 2,578 1,373 3,11« 29,034 43,114 2800 954Í2910021 2 800051 83,907 * Including receipts under "Money Ordors." The following is a statement of the expen- diture proper of the colony of Victoria de- frayed during the quartor ending 30bh June, 18GÜ, on account of the year 1865 : I. CUIRF SECRETARY. Legislative Assembly . 72 1 6 The library. 750 0 0 The refreshment-rooms. 8 13 10 Chief Secretary's office. COO 3 2 Registrar- general. 1,649 19 1 Polico . 18,684 2 10 Gaols . 8,176 1 7 Ponai . Ö77 0 0 Medical . ,. .. 372 11 5 Lunatic Asylums ... 1,519 7 10 Public Library . 539 12 8 Shorthand-writer. 10 0 Eotanlc-gardous. 701 1 10 Musoum . 827 17 2 Audit-oinco. 200 0 0 Industrial schools. 1,078 Oil Scab prevontlon. 3 2 7 Aborigines. 305 11 6 Electoral. 2,400 3 6 Giants . 13,S68 10 10 Miscellaneous . 3,342 IB 0 Total Chief Sccrolary II. ATTOUNET- GENERAL. Law officers of the Crown Prothonotary . Commissioner of Titles Sheriffs . Total AUorncy-Ccnorai . III. MINISTER or JUSTICE. County mid other courts Police magistrates. Clerks of courts. Coroners . Total Minister of Justlco £60,760 4 10 8,421 15 5 30 19 1,762 13 £5,203 9 4 £1,802 16 0 IV. TREASURER. Treasury. £40 10 2 Stores and transport . 9 1110 Government printer . 872 17 0 Military . - 3,621 7 1 Naval training and block ship .. .. 3S2 l8 0 Advertising. 3,860 10 3 Miscellaneous . 8,101 11 S Transport . 253 11 0 Charitable Institutions '. 12,052 0 0 Total Treasurer . £24,007 10 0 V. COMMISSIONER OP CROWN LANDBAND SURVEY. Survey. &c;, of Crown lands .. .. £4,843 8 10 Geological survey. 279 2 7 Observatory . 127 14 0 Contract survoys. 12,179 8 4 Fencing, &c;, publio parks, &o.; .. 20 11 0 Grants in aid of public bodios ., .. 1,210 0 0 Arbitration expenses under Land Act, 1E02 . 126 9 8 Total Commissioner of Crown Lands andSurvoy.£18,820 10 VI. COMMISSIONER OP PUBLIC WORKS. Publio Works . £8110 Works and buildings .57,00117 Total Commissioner ot Publio Works £67,173 13 11 VII. COMMISSIONER OP TRADE AND CUSTOM«. Customs . New industries. Ports and harbours . Lighthouses, &c.; .. £44117 43 13 .. 1,542 13 uiLjiiviiuiinvii| utu> .. .> .* .. ^70 lo Iliubour lights. 109 11 Light VCPSOTS Distilleries Immigration Wharf,and jotty lights Deep sea tluboricB .. 172 10 10 14 l8 101 19 51 l8 Total Commissioner of Trade and Customs . £2,801 8 4 VIII. POSTMASTER-GENERA!». Post-otliccs. £3,030 15 2 Electric telegraphs. 3,025 7 9 Mail sen-ice . 897 13 7 Total Postniastor-Ocnoral £0,959 10 0 IX. COMMISSIONER OP RAILWAYS. Railways.£18,145 8 0 X. MINISTER OP MINES. Mining department Miscellaneous . £952 1 0 4,108 0 8 Total Minister of Mines £5,000 8 2 XI. COMMISSIONER OP ROADS. Roads mid bridges.£13,230 1 2 SPECIAL APPROPRIATIONS. Under the schedule to tbo Constitution Act, port4 . 30 17 7 Undcrtbe schedulo to tho Constitution Act, part 6 .. .. '.. .- 376 0 0 Under the schedulo to the Constitution Act, rano . 290 0 0 Under tho schedule to tho Constitution Act,part7 . 750 0 0 Under the schedule to tho Constitution Act, parts .1,095 18 2 Interest-Water and aovverogo deben- tures .. ,..-. 43 0 Intorcst-Mount Alexander Ballway Dobcnture8 .1,020 0 0 Pensions (21 Vic, Ko. 20) .. .. 102 IO 0 Intorcst on Hallway Loan .. .. 210,128 11 0 Immigration .1,740 17 2 Superannuation or retiring allowances 820 7 7 Endowment of road districts ., .. 1,143 S 9 Total Special Appropriations ..£218,175 11 0 Total Expenditure for the service of the year 1805 .£423,188 3 8 The following ia a statement of the ex- penditure proper of the colony of Victoria defrayed during the quarter ending 30th June, 1866, on account of the year 1866 : I. CiiiEi' SECRETARY. Legislativo Council .£7S4 7 8 Legislativo Assembly .2,035 8 2 Library . 753 15 5 Refreshment rooniB . 245 14 7 Chief Secretary's ofllco.2,020 0 4 Uegistrar- Gcnoral.6,289 5 7 Police .76,214 9 0 Gaols .12,210 11 5 l'cnsl.14,211 10 9 Medical .2,505 9 1 Lunatic Asylums. " 14,930 18 1 tubbo Library.2,015 13 0 Sliorthaud writer. 008 10 7 Victorian Hansard. 025 0 0 Botanic Gardens.2,397 IS 1 Museum . 512 l8 0 Audltofllco.1,805 19 5 Industrial and reformatory schools .. 12,428 3 7 Scab prevention.2,470 10 S Aborigines.1,818 17 11 Elcctoial. 61 10 2 Education.59.6S3 0 8 Grants .. ... 500 0 0 Miscellaneous .1,039 2 11 Total Chief Secretary .. ..£210,910 7 1 II. ATTORKBr-GBSKRAI/. Lacirhllonours tho Judges .. .. £900 0 0 orw officers or tho Crovvu .4,433 18 3 own solicitor.1,400 13 8 Prothonotary .2,410 9 0 Master in Equity. 702 0 9 Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates 8S9 11 0 Commissioner of Titles. 2 982 14 9 Shoriils .0,032 12 7 Total Attomoy-Gcncral .. .. £20,894 9 4 III. MINISTKH op Juanen. County and other Courts .. .. 8.1S9 14 3 Police magistrates and wardens .. 12,756 14 7 Clerks of courts and interpreters .. 9,558 15 S Curator of Intestate Estates .. .. S3S 12 2 Coroners. 2.S11 0 0 Total Minister of Juslico .. ..£33,729 S IV. TREASURER. . Treasury. £10,800 8 3 Volunteer department. 19,208 4 1 H. M. C. S. Victoria . 1,370 14 1 Stores . 602 14 0 Gov eminent printor . 16.S21 15 1 Advertising. 1,399 0 0 Transport. is"« 2 0 Charitnblo institutions. 22,00111 0 Miscellaneous . 4,807 4 5 Total Treasurer .£78,530 0 8 V. COUHIEEIONKIt OF CROWN LAXDB AND SUllVKY. Survey, &c.;, of Crown lands .. .. 22.40S 17 3 Geologicalsurvoy. 1,316 111 Observatory . 70S 5 0 Contract survoj s. 1,293 0 7 Malino survey . 742 6 0 Fencing, &0., public parks, tie. .. 703 11 Total Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey.£27,200 VI. COMSIIbSIONKR OP PUIILIO WORKS. Public works .8,853 10 Works and buildings .25,205 2 3 Total Commissioner of Public Works .£31,001 12 0 VII. COMMISSIONKR OP TOADIS AND CUSTOMS. Customs. £10,503 1 Poits and harbours . 4,032 0 Coast and harbour lights .. .. 2,050 17 Distilleries. 820 6 Immigration . 414 0 Pott der magazines. 130 0 Wharf and jetty lights. 175 4 Total Commissioner of Tradoand Customs.£2i,S06 14 VIH. POSTilASTKR-GlWERAL. Post-offices.£19,130 l8 8 Mallservieo .19,408 12 4 Electric telegraphs .12,41113 7 Total Postninster-Goncral .. ., £51,011 4 7 IX. COMMISSIONER OF KAIIAYAYH. Railways.£8S,C04 3 X. MI.MSTER OP MINES. Mining department .£7,825 0 0 XI. COMMISSIONER OP HOADS AND ' BlUbOKS. Roads and bridgos. ,,£11,720 3 11 Sl'ECIAU AlU'ROrniATIONS. Vndor tho schedule to tho Constitution Act, parti .£2,499 10 11 Under tho schedule to tho Constitution Act, part 2 . .. 2,125 0 0 > e ci til» bchodu'.o to the Constitution Act, parts .8,183 0 8 nder tho bchedulo to tho Constitution Act, part 4 .. .. 9SS 0 0 Undci the schedule to tho Constitution Act, part 0 . 92 C 2 Under the schedule to tlio Constitution Act, p«rt7 . 250 0 0 Under the schedule to tho Constitution Act, part 8 .11,434 10 10 Univ ersity of Molbourno .. .. 2,250 0 0 Interest- Water and scwerago dobon turcB . 57 0 0 Pensions, 21 Viet., No. 20 .. .. 250 0 0 Interest ou railway loan, 21 Viet., No. 30.81,637 17 4 Interest on railway loan, 25 Viet,, No. 160\. 80 0 0 Commissioners of Audit. 750 0 0 Immigration . l63 3 5 Superannuation or rotirlngallowances. 2,050 19 S Endowments of road districts ., .. 85,517 0 0 Endovvmenta of boroughs ., .. 9,117 0 0 Foreign maila . 878 2 4 Judgments and costs in actions .. S,789 13 0 Total special appropriations .. ..£102,426 5 i Total oxpondlturo for tlio Bcrvico of tho year 1800.£760,830 10 Tbo tables of revenue and expenditure for tho past quarter, half-year, and year, show a decrease) on the quarter ; a decrease on the half-year ; and though an apparent iucroaso is shown on the revenue for tho year, it is largely mado up by figures of a mythical character, which Beem to appear in, or dis- appear from, the Treasurer's bulance-shoet at command. Mr. M'Oulloch haB not favourod us with the tabla to which we have been accustomed to turn with interest, show- ing in detail the ruvonuo the Treasurer ex- pected to receive as compared with the amounts which actually passed into his hands. Dipping into tho figures wo find that while tho total revenue for tho quarter was £721,859, tho expenditure (not including that lor 1865) was £756,836, although that sum included only £8,789 on account of "judgments and costs in actions." Looking into tho receipts of the quarter, as compared with those of tho corresponding period of 1865, we find that-notwithstanding the oporatiou of tho now tai iff-the receipts were only £312,469 as compared with £340.017. Tho principal decrease was in Bpiiits (£21,717), which was not compensated for by the in- crease on "spirits distilled in Victoria," which was ouly £3,909. Wine, ale, tobacco, cigars, and malt showed a decrease. Tua also exhibited a decrease (the duty being reduced), but sogar showed a largo in- crease, owing to extensive importations to Bupply tho domandB of tho brewers, in the absence of malt, of which the market was bare for a vory long period. Coffee Bhows a blight increase, and so do opium, rice, and hops ; but the principal increase in the ItemB furnished by the Commissioner of CuBtoms is found under the head " wharfugo and har- bour rutee," while an item on which ho g i eat! y relied, wo presume, " all other duties," shows a falling oftfiom £-18,229 to £38,140, or over £10,080 for tho quarter. Vor tho year the Customs account stands thus:-in 1864 5, £1,247,684; in 1865-G, £1,104,893 ; showing a decrease of £81,691 in ono of the most im Îiortunt heads under which revenue is col ectcd, and the one lrom which, of all otuoie, tho most was expected. The promised in creaBO, as we feared, has turned out a de- crease. The department of KXCIBO gives an increase for the quarter of over £3,480, but shows a decrease of over £9,060 on the year. Of course the revenue from BaleB of land has materially fallen off. The decioiso on the year under this head is not less than £154,439; but Mr. Grant scorns to have ro etived a hint that moro money from that source was absolutely required by the Trea- sury, for we find that though the decrease on the year was so enormous, that on tbo quar- ter was not more than £7,900. An item enti- tled money " accruing from routs and sclec tiona," it appears, is different from that of " rents of leases under Amonding Act." Tim former Increased on the quarter from £17,057 to £39,913, and on tho year by £75,230 ; but the latter decreased on the quarter from £38,845 to £33,027, though it increased ou the year by £83,404. Minora' rights left a de eren«' on the quarter of nearly one-half, and of £9,350 on the year; business licences fell in the shorter period from £2,087 to £716 (from tLo chango in the law, which als" affected the previous Item, of course), and in the longer term from £9050 to £5001. while rents fiom leases of auriferous lands showed an increase both on the year and the quarter The railways, it is satisfactory to lind, though on the quarter they gave au incrcaso of only £3295, exhibited for the year nu improvement of £80,485 on the receipts of 1864 6, and the electric tolegraph augmented its returns by a trifle on the quarter, and £8,375 on the year Why is it, we may ask her»., that tho revenue from water supply comos into these account} intermit- tently? Goine down the items seriatim, wo dipper this source of income credited with £59,743 while tho total increase clal med for the year is only £88,ÖG7, and no corresponding sum -no revenue at all from ' water supply " ia to be found lu the accounts of the past j ear Iho not result of the whola summa- tion is that on the quarter there is a decres^ of £2119, which would have been £18 310 hut ror the proportion of the revenue from " water supply " due to the quartor On the year the increase claimed is £88007, which would havo been only £29 224 but for this Eame peculiar item In the Customs depart- ment alone the loss wa3 £82 091 and the improvement of the territorial revenue amounted only to £24 983 Of course the Minister of Lands will claim that much of this increase citme in the shape of rents from lessees, and not by alienation of t.te toil but if there is any \ irtus in tho caleula t lons of those selectors, their leaseholds will become freeholds as Boon as tho law permits -many of thom perhaps, at the end of the fitBt year of occupation It is to be regroltod that we hav,e not the opportunity on this occasion of comparing the anticipations of the Tieasurer with the hard realltlos of the caso Wo owe it, wo bellet e, to the sanguine faith of Mr Verdon in the accuraoy of his own predictions, that we first had the oppor- tunity , in the table of comparisons the ab- sence of which we lamant, tho oppor- tunity of remarking from timo to tima how tar the calculations and the rosults approximated-or, we might say with quite as much truth, diverged On this occa- sion it would havo been satisfactory to traco out how far the bon. member for Williams tonn has been deceived. It ia proved that the tartil is not a success aa far as revenue is concerned, and that it has nothing but the spirit of protection it embodies to commend it to its friends MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT Tho Aruu Oflico, Thursdij Eicniug In tho import markets tho month has beau a quiet one, ne, on lue; to tho unfavourable Influences tho news of tho pinto in tho money market in Europe has oxorciBcd upou trado, all inclination to speculate lias been almost effectually checked, mid salos geuor»lly havo been confined to purchases for moro trvlo re quirements In bulk ales thoro is no chaugo to record In hulk »nd bottled stout wo havo to note a falling market Cornsucks havo attracted attention, uni sonio bu moss bas bcon done, though at low or rates ?Woolpacks aro eisler Caudles havo beon sold lartelj, nt a declino of about ljd per lb Coffeo has been inactive Fish and fruits ure lower In breadstuff!, Hour lias fallen slightly On wheat the decline has been more decidid b ceding grulus linvo bien well sustained Blasting powder lui beon told at lets money, and importers ni malt hw o beeu content to accept lower riuoB liuowiso Metals show no alteration All oils, with the exception of koro seno, which is easier, luv o advanced in prlco Of oilmen s uorts consldoiablo parcels have been dis posed of Fiovislous havo been neglected Quill bl ver has fallen Is por lb Kee has agiln risen iii price Sugars, on the other hand, havo fallon in v aluc lu tea, tobacco, and timber, ti ansactions hav a not been heavy Genova has hcuu curdmely aotUo Alo and stout have met with a limited demind throughout a month willoh, gouorally speaking, lu s been characterised by little animation, and almost all trii (actions have boon confined to mies for tride ] urposos only Bass s INO ¿haBboon disposed of at £7 10s, and as stocks aro not boa vi, and supplies canine, turu ard arc moderato this i ato vi HI be m nu tamed ho J alo has been sold at £7 5<¡ to £7 10s, und in one instanco un nrram,oniont at loss uiouey was made for a coisldcrablo paree) Of Allsopp s enies hive been trilllug, and the i liée has rulodat £~ Joule s has been maintained at £7 17s Od , and as the dinmnd at this price has boon sufllclont to pre v cm stocks accumulating, there Is no probability of pi lees L,OÍIIL, low or Warriana to make any progress in sale:., has been reduced to £7 10s foi panels, since which ono or mo fair sales havo been effected The Carlisle Cotnpaiij s lins found buyers at £0 to £0 6s in bond, uud £7 6s duly paid Of the Colonial Loiupunj s, a few irado piteéis have beau 1 lacra at £0 16J to £7 Star brand has realised £0 10s , ando! lient alo, more than one litt) hhd pared havo been sold for oxport at prices oqual lo £tf 12s Od dutj paid Bulk stout has remained oiitirely niLjeeUd, and, nulivithstandliij, \\\hlll> cid s bolng ofUied at £7, doilers havo refused to operate Of lajlor, Walka, and Co s, nomh all} quoted at £7 10s., no sales hav u tr inspired 1 lold a has boon sol 1 at £7 16s , bul£7 10s w ould now bo readlly aocoptod lho Artillen tirowen, Companys has found hu) ora to a inodorato extent at £7 10s to £7 15s Bottled ilos baie met with little attontlun, und sales have pioved ruth or dllllcult to effect Last months ¡rlees havo" been maintained only because, as billets would not bo induced to operato oven it circled at loss money, holders refrained ii oin so doing Tennants was disposed of at Us. Od Muirs aud 1 rcstoiq ans'were placid at up to Us Jd lor Blood s and A no1 s, 0s .id has boen realliol rorBasss triangle, and Allsopp s, quotations have been nulli tainedat 9a 3d Tíouiigor s and Jillroy s hal o been sold at 0s, an lAitl en's has boen quitted at Ss Od to )s in bottled stout little business has come under our notice, man) shipments sold fully two months ato to an lie have on!) been dellv ored during tho currency of this I resent month, mid as dealers hav o, iu coimoquontc, boen ampi} stocked, sales hav e boen restricted, and when made reduced ratos havo been acceptod lor Homy -\\\hlta and Co a wo quote 11s Od to 12s Machen s has been kept at a Uko quotation tor Mackie and Gladstones a similar pneo would bo taken bales of Bloods havo been effected at 11s Cd, and it was not uutii holders of burlies accepted 11s that any quantity of this brand could bo got rid of lor Arrols we quote 11s In the only part of tho month Importers of By ass s, mot tho inarkot by the salo of over 1,200 cases in a Uno at equal to 9s Od , slnco then the pilco for trado lots lias romainod at 10» to lOe Gd 01 Birclii) s, sales havo been made at 10s Bagging -M o noto a quiet marl ot for corns leks There hi s been no trade demand, and to iffeot Bale» hollins havo thought it prudent to bo concent with even a declino on last mouth s rates About the couiuienciiuent of the month a parcol of tilt) bales L, ilcutta sacks was oisposed of at about las 01, and toviardB tho vlosu nell on to 200 bales changed bauds in a line at about the same Heure, tho price having llrsl.hottever, beeu established b) sales at auotiou !so Inquiries havo buen c\pcrlouccd for woolpacks, and priées hav o in couse îuciico dropped , 4» Od has beeu tho standing quotation for numil lots, aud wo understand that holders gonorallv would not havo refuted 4s 3d One or two shipments baie been disposod of at about this figure Candles -lu this niarkot a considerable business has been dono, ut rules, howovur, w hieb show a du dine of Id to lid per pound on our quo ntlons of )»st month About 12,000 be\es in all hal e changed hands and tbo month closes with prices of sound liillvvolghtsatHd tol4jd .andfautty atKJd toiajd lho 2s oi a Company require 16Jdi for their brand übe prlco of ililli weight candios has droppod to Mid cement -In this market no transactions of au] importance havo been mado public. Importers would take 18s for best branda, but as tho quantity coming for nurd Is large, the trado purchase but K| aringlv American plaster has bien kept at "is , sales havo been trilling Uiimlealu - Most descriptions havo been slow of sale Soda crystals havo fallen to £13 and£1310s Blcirhonato from the trade has real I sod £20 , pircóla eeuld not, how over, bo placed ut lho figuro Caustic hodn, for vi hieb £30 has vnlnl) been ondoav ourtd to lo i,ol, was sold ni £20 Howers oi sulphur, in- fluenced by a considerable Inquiry belora the mail carne in, rallied from a declining tendency avlueed, and went up to £23 but utter ii arda foil again , at uuutlou, as lou «H £20 lös vina accepted and the prlco now stands at £22, butno buyers havo of lato beende clured lururlo acid has rulod at Is lid , 2i, and 2s Id Cream of tartar has nietuitli bin cr» at la 3d Pre) arid opium has been sold »t .¡us per tin, dutv paid, equal to .2s lu bund Chicory bau presentid a falling market Sales luvo been mado of imported brands at did , ranging up to Sid In bond Colonial ¡.rovin li In fair request tttfijd Cotice -This stsplo has beon somewhat firmer dining the month, though a large business liai nut been dono and ii tnithslaudint some dis»ust having been created through tbo sus-penilon ut u Ural largely engaged in the loeal trade lho balance oí tho Mary Cun ming s care, o vi as cleared out in a line, eighteen tons pim tallon and triado, and eight tons native, on prívalo terms Boat qualltlo» of plantation have sluto ruled steady ut 10j¡d to lid Java, of which tie market is vory barely t>up|lled, I» vauud «t DJd to lOil î-utlvo Is cntlrolj in the banda of tho trado who quote Od for tho ai tlclo lloulU» can bo purchased at Sjd , , ., Confectionery -Tor the greater part ot tho month trade I as been quiot, though recently n much Improved Inquiry ha» boon exporloneed Sale» of hellier s assorted hav u been m»de at lOd , In parcels, for W othorspoon a we quote DJd , for Basset », lojd is required Jujubes aro dltpoaud of at lljd , and a moderato traao demand for lemon peel has boon met bj tales at lid to Hid Cordago-On this market wo havo no change to note Mo sale« of Imported parcels nor transactions of any size have traitplred but the trado deinund, UIOURII well sustained, has been amply mot by tho loc»l manufacturer«, at unaltered rates, viz, £57 for ono inch size and upwards, and 7d per lb for sizes under lill Manilla rope, lia to SAIn size, hal rulod at £50, and 4lu to 7in , nt £52 lslo of Mau ropo has continued h ead) at £60. Small sales of Russian curdie luna been mudo at at much as £04 Com- mun turopu rope Is again uhuom unsaleable, and. quotations aro nominal at £14 At auction, Bengal lines have beon sold as low a» £20 10s to£3J lor best qualttiea the trade pay as high as £12 Seaming tw Ima are disposed oi at 131 1 ith -A (air butlntiss has boen dono in this market, at a diellno however, on ahnott all sort« lhere is no ling offering, wo quoti 7d Supplies ot white birnngs have beeu rather large, and well up, 100* halfbamli havo found purchaser» at J2i 0d for sbipuitnt, for a line of 351) and for moderate trado pariel» at prices thing- to S s , at which the niarkot now stands Sardines have droppod lo 13s and even 12* 0a for halves, while 7« Od tots forquarlors, ai d for eighth» 4i, lia« boon roalisrd One pound fresh beninga have brought 8s to 8s 3d , aud lib ltiriir-rtdlicrriiH.tSi 3d On pound salmon IIM been icduccd to 17f , aud this week as low as 15i Od ilia beeu accepted for h orbes sa mon Kel herrings, in ? tlns.'havo been quitted at 37s. Anchovies have boen «old at 10s. Od. ; lib. cod at 6s., and 21b. at Sa. gd. ; ' lib. Ung at 7B. Od. ; and lib. skate at Sa. 6d. Ono . pound cod roo realised 6s., and 21b. Os. Mackerel, in Jilt, has been placod'at 10s. One-pound lobsters havo been sold as low as 8B. to 8>. Od. One-pound oysters are at 16s. to 15s. Oil., with sales at auction at 14s. Od. Fruit-In the early part of the month aoonsider able trado was done In currants, and rather largo shipments wera readily placed at 6d. in bond, and 6Jd. to Sid. duty paid. As the month progressed and supplies increased, sales became moro difficult to effect. During the last ten days little or no business has transpired. Wo moko no alteration in quotations, -though sales could hardly he effected at the rates named. Muscatel raisins have been sold at Sid. to Od. Sleme raisins have declined from 9d. to 7}d., tho price st which recent shipments have boon placed. Cape have filien to 7d. to 7¿d. Eleme figs have been sold from 73d. to 7d. Flour and Grain.-Tho markot for breadstuffs has been chiefly marked by a great want of animation. Operations in flour havo been strictly confined to supplying trade requirements at a slight declino In prices, and as the millers, influenced by the large supplies of foreign wheat weekly coming to hand both hero and tbo neighbouring colonies, have steadily refused to purchase, except when compelled by actual necessity, transactions have not boon of sa much consequenco as to excite much notice. Moreover, fully -Rix of the cargóos of wheat which arrived from Chill and California were sold afloat, many Weeks previous to their coming in. The market closes still heavy, at £16 for country, and up to £1815s. for town brands Adelaide flour, and £14 for Chilian. Adelaide and Fort MacDonnell wheat is worth 7s. to a shado under ; Californian, Cs. Od. to 6s. 7Jd. ; and Chilian, 6s. 3d. On the 3rd inst., tho William Jones's cargo of Chilian flour, some 0,000 bags, was disposed of, .at auction, at £3 5s. to £1010s., and towards the sfternoon about 200 tons of the same met with a purchaser at an advance. Adelaide flour was quoted £17 5s. to £1710s. for best brands ; and a parcel of Tasmanian was sold at Bamo timo at £14 16s. South Australian wheat ruled at 7s. 3d. The arrivals duriog the week ending 9th Inst. consisted of the Mary Hicks, from California, with 7,033 bags wheat, sold to arrive, and 6,000 bushels barley dis- posed of on arrival at 4s. lOJd. At Sydnoy, tho arrival of tho Filomeno, on tho 2nd instant, with 4,600 bags flour and 2,471 bigs wheat, was an- nounced, a list of Blxteou vessels being publishoa as loading for the colonies. In the week onding 10th inst the only transactions recorded aro the sale of a hundred tons Chilian flour, at about £14, while a parcel of Tasmanian brought £1610s. ; 6,000 bushels Californian wheat brought 6s. 9J., and 3,000 bushels Chilian, 08. Od. The arrivals were numerous, and comprised-from Chili, the Trossachs, with 5,009 sacks of wheat, sold to arrive ; the Marla Sophia, with 426 tons wheat ; the Theresa Orlsque, with 309 tons wheat ; the Cape Bom, with 8,136 bag« whoat ; and the Val- paraiso, with 11,600 bags flour-all of which havo been stored. The Ottolina, from Chili, also arrived, with a cargo of wheat, and tho Aniszon, from San Francisco, came In with 13,000 bushels whoat ; both cargoes were sold to arrive. At Sydney, the arrivals comprlso tho Ellen Southard, with 10,000 bags wheat and 7,000 bags flour J tho British Queen, with 600 tons breadstuffs; and the Omeo, with 700 tuns wheat and 140 tons Chilian flour. This steamer was the first to bring -accounts of the raising o! the blockade. Last weok Adelaide flour dropped to £10 and £16 lOi. for country, and £17 for town brands ; -fifty tons of Chilian realised £14. 2,300 bags Californian whoat, -damaged, ex Pembrokeshire, wero quitted at 3s. lid. to Os. Id., and about 4,000 bushels South Australian .were sold on private terms. The only arrival hero was the Silas Fish, with 12,875 sacks oats and 1,671 Backs barley. Californian Produce.-At Sydnoy, on the 10th inst., tho Othollo, from San Francisco, reached, with 480 tons wheat. Tho growing crops in California promised immenso yields. On Thursday, the arrival of the Craig Ellachle, from Coll -fernia, was announced. During tho present week about 0,000 bushelB Port MacDonnell wheat changed bands at full rates, and about 8,000 bushels Chilian at 6s. 3d. ; but prices of flour have been somewhat unsettled by sales of Elliot's Adelaide, by auction, at £14 10s" and Port MacDonnell at £14. Tho arrivals at samo timo aro tho Arica, from California, at this port, with 2,075 bags wheat, 139 bags barley, and 4,879 bogs oats. Her dates aro to 21st May. Tonnage was scarce and wanted. Tho Golden Sumot was taken up to load breadstuffs for tho colonies, and tho Cozi was under charter to load for Sydnoy. Wheat was quotod Idol. 76c. ; barley, 85c to Idol, for best browing ; oats, Idol. 96c to 2dol. ; flour, 6dol. 50c. to idol. 62Jc. At Sydney, tho Ouana, from Chill, arrivod on tbo 23rd, With 7,000 bags flour ; and on tlio 24th tlio Pampero, vv 1th 860 tons Chilian breadstuff< for Ado laide account. Barley has been noted for a good and satisfactory trado demand, at 4s. lOJd. to 69. ; the Mary Hicks's conslgnmonton the spot, and the Ama- zon's and Ocean's shipments to arrive, aro tho prin- cipal sales recordod of entire shipments, and 45. Od. to 4s. lOjd. has beon realised. Oats have advanced to Os. Od. and 6s, 9d.,but business has in consequenco been checked, Maize, after touching 6s. Od., ro ccdod again to 6s. 3d., but has again advanced to 6s. 7d., at which it Is firm. Bran has declined to 1«. 9d. Colonial oatmeal has ruled at £31 to £32. , Pearl barley has been maintained af£20. Gunpowder,-Blasting powder has continued to decline, and has reached as low as Old. ; for medium brands we quoto 6}d. to Old. ; for Kaines', 0J1. Tho White Boso arriving with seventy tons has caused a heavy and depressed feeling. Hops.-Little business has boon dono ia this pro- duct. Very ordinary lots of '05 have boen sold at Is. fid. to Is. Od., and sales of good qualities have boen made at Is. fid. ; ñuo Tasmanian '60's have boen sold at 2s. Malt-This article has suffered a great decline in price. A few brewers' parcels havo been placed at 08\. 6d. to 10s. For one bin sold for export 9s., in bond,'has been accepted; and some 4,000 bushols cbangod hands at under 9s. Even at those low rates little business eau bo dono ; tho seaton is over, and stocks aro beginning to accumulato largely. Metals.-Tho market has not been much operated in during the month ; a healthy trado demand, how over, has boon experienced. Small parcels of pig iron previous to tho mail's arrival wore placed at £7 10s. to £7 16s. Of late, however, there havo been no in- quiries, and pricos aro nominal at £7-10s. Galvanised Iron has been somewhat heavy, and auction silos havo, in consequenco, been moro numerous. On tho 3rd instant, sonio sixty casos Morovvood's gal- vanised corrugated (Black Diamond brand) woro sold as follows:-0ft. X 24 gaugo brought £25 6s. per ton ; 7ft do., £25 5s. do. ; 7ft. 61n. do., £24 fig. to £24 10s. do. ; 8ft. do., £25 5s. to £25 16s. do. ; forty-two cases Scotch, all faults, 0ft. x 24 gauge, realised £21 6s. por ton ; 7ft. do., £22 do. ; 811. do., £22 ; 0ft. x 20 gaugo, £20 to £25 16s. ; 7ft. and 8ft do., £26 6s. do. Also, ex Stafford- shire-forty-four cases Scotch wero sold, all faults, 6ft. x 24 guage, at £2010s. ; 7ft. do., £21 6s. ; 8ft. do., at £21 10s. ; G!t. x 26 gauge, at £25 10s. ; 7ft. x SO gaugo, at £25 10s, per ton ; Gospel Oak, (¡ft. x 24 §auge, brought £28 10s. per ton ; 7ft. do., £29 6s. o. ; 8ft. do., £20 6s. do. ; 9ft do., £32 Cs. do. ; Oft x 20 guage, £8 16s. ; 7ft. do., £32 do. ; 8(t. do., £30 10s. do. ; 259. oach tor load-lined cases; 6ft x 21 gaugo plain galvanised iron, £31 6s. per ton ; 6ft. x 23 gauge, £33 6s. do. Scotch iron, sound, continuos to lío quoted nt £24, £20 10s., and £28 10s. for 21, 20, and 28 gaugo rospcclircly. Ordinary brands of English, 26 gaugo, are valued at £29, and for the bettor qualities wo quote £31 to £32. Bar and rod iron is disposed of to a fair extent at £12 to £1210s. Plato iron at one time assumed au upward look, but closed heavy again at £12 10s. to £13. Sheet iron is steady, at £12 10s. to £13. Hoop iron suddenly carno into favour, and prices wera run op to £1216s., and even higher, but havo again become easier, £11 10s. to £12 10». bolng a fair quotation. Fencing wiro goes steadily into the hands of tho trado, and about ton days ago some 200 tons changed hauds in a Uno at a concession on the trado rato of £12, £13, and £11 for Nes. i, 5, and 0, and £1510s. and £16 10s. for Nos. 7 and 8. Drawn wiro hss been disposed of in parcels at £16, £17 5s., and £1810s. for Nos. 0, 7, and 8. On lead we noto a Blight decline ; pigs were dlsposod of at £2410s., pipo and sheet lead find buyors at £30 to £31*; good assortments ol shot are saleable at £20 and £39. Muntz metal 1B Inquired for at lOJd. to lid. Tin plates are not brisk ; wo quote fifteen to soventoen and a halt per cent, advance. Holders of hollo varo endeavour to roaliso at thirty to forty per cent, off list, ac- cording to assortment. Ewbank's nails aro in request at fifteen per cent, off list; American cut nails bring 28s. to 30B., according to size. In American hardwaro a riso lias been effected, viz., SOs, for Oollins's heavy axes, and for picks, 60s. ; for Ames's long handled shovels, 05s. is required ; for Day's D. H. shovels wo quoto 41s. American pails aro placed at 9s. Od. to 9s. Od. ; and good sound nests of tubs aro worth 14s. to 14s, Cd. Oils.-In kerosene a very poor trade has beon done. Early in the month some 4,000 cases changed hands in a line at, it was staion, 6s. 3d., but this is tho only transaction of any consequence recorded for the entire month, with tho exception of COO cases of an outside brand placed at 4s. lOld. ; and oven tho trado demand has been of the most trilling description, and closed hoavy at up to 6s. 2d. for bost brands. Castor oil has been noglocted, and quotations romiin nominal at 4s. Od. to 4s. Od. Colza has gradually improved, and is now quoted at Cs. Od. fjr bulk, and 7s. to 7s. 3d. for drums ; no business can bo dono, however, tor want of stock. Olive is in fair request at 6s. Od. for cash, and 6s. Od. to 7s. for drums. A considerable trade has beeu done In linacod. About a wook ago some 6,000 to 0.000 gallons changed hands, and prices havo advanced to 4s. Od. In wood, and is, Sd. in drums. Chinóse, lu small lots, finds buyers at 0s. Od. ; for a shipment, to arrive, of 600 cases, a lower figuro hos beon taken. Lard oil is wanted at 7s. per gallon. Palm oil is placed with the soapbollors at £52. Oilmen's Stores.-A largo business has boon dono in stores, though at hardly satisfactory prices. During the last week upwards of 6,000 cases have been placed by auction. Mlxod pickles have boon sold at 7s. to 8s. Cd. Onions have boen quitted at 7s. Wost India Sickles at 0s. ; and Oriental pickles at li«. 9J. ottlod fruits bave been placed at 3s. 10id. to Oi. Od. Black currant fruits have realised lOi. 3Jd. Sales of half-pint salad oils havo beon made at 7s., pinti havo been sold at 10s. 7Jd , and quarts at 22s. to 23s. Three-eighth salad oil has roalised 6s. Pint castor Oil has boen quitted at 89. Od., and half-pint at 6s. 1 jd. Assorted sauces havo been placod at 7s. 3d., and mushroom ketchup at 7s. Quarts vinegar has boen sold at 8s. to 8a. Id. ', Seldlltz powders, at 69. Gd. ; Bath bricks, at Is. Od. ; jar salt at Cs. Colman'a mus- tard, in tins, has declined to 7jd. For Column's blue starch, 4}d. has boen accepted, and for whito starch, Cid. Blue has beon sold at 9Jd. ; liquorice, at 80. ; hiacklead, at 23s. por owt. Arrowroot realises Ord., and pearl sago, 3d. Ground ginger has boen quitted at 9|d. Black pepper is in slow tale at 4d. ; white . pepper Is worth lOJd. and lid. Provisions havo all been without the sligbost ap- pearance of animation, and to do business in hams and bacon has been found impossible, unless forcod off at a sacrifico. Holders of first brands do not off or, and refuse to narao a price under 1B. 6W. to Is. 7d. At auction, we hear of sales of English hams and bacon at Is. OJd. to Is. 2ld., and of colonial bacon at ll]d. to lljd. Cheeto is more saleable, and realises Is. Cd. in bond. Butter has boon disposed of at Is. Od. to Is. 7d. Quicksilver hu docllned largely, having fallon from 3s. 3d., the nominal quotation of last month, to 2s. 3d., at which sales at the prosont moment aro made, though not readily. Bice.-Stocks being light and centred with ono firm by tho salo of tho Laughing Wator's cargo In ono Uno to arrivo, there has not beon much excite- ment in the market. Early last week, however, about 660 tons wero quitted at quotations-£28, or thereabouts ; and the balance of tho stock hold-500 tons- will not be sold under £20 10s. Towards the closo of the week this advanoo wai somewhat esta- blished by trade sales at £28 16s., £20, and £29 6s., according to quantity. About 100 ton) go on to Sydnoy. 1,300 bsgs damaged realised middling prices. Java rice is quitted at £21 to £28. Salt-There is little to noto In this market during tho month. Sales have been limited to tue most trifling trade purchases, at £4 10s. for coarse and £0 and £6 6s. for fine. Sugar.-In this stiplo a very considerable amount ? of business has been got through, though at unsatis- factory rates and a reduction on our quotations of last month. On the 29th tilt tho Elizabeth's cargo of 5,300 bags was offered, 1,600 of which only were disposed of at from SOs. to 81s. for rations, 36s. for medium counters, 39s. for good do., 40s. 6d. to 42s. for yellow cry ítala, and 16s. to 45s. 9d. for white do., all ? duty paid. These prices show a declino of £1 per ton on Mauritius rations, counters, and yellow crystals, and £2 10s. to £3 on whito do. The biddings wero languid, and very Httlo disposition to parchase was evinced, although there was a large attendance of the \- trade. On tho 3rd, the Formosa's cargo of 0,870 bags was offered by auction, but tho market being pre- viously unsettled by the Budden reduction submitted to, only 4,200 bags could bo sold, at about equal to the following rates :-Sus. to 31s. for rations, 35s. for low counters, 39s. tor medium, 40s. 6d. to 42s. for yellow crystals, and 15B. to 46s. for white crystals. On the ISth, the residue of the Mayotte's cargo and other sugars wero offered ; the greater part turned out unsuitable, and with difficulty could bo got rid of. On the other baud, good to fine counters were rapidly quitted at current rates. Some 4.000 bags in all were disposed ot. Wo quoto :-Rations, £30 ; browns, £33, ' £34 ; low counters, £36 ; medium, £38 ; Hoc, £10 to £42 ; good yellow crystals, £42 ; whito crystals, £45. The Eva Joshua arrived on the 16th inst, from Mauritius. She roported the Admiral Fitzroy as loading. This vessel is to bring forward the balança of the sugars held on Australian account, and not a bag can attcrwards be despatched until tbo new crop U brought into market For tho Ziska, for Syd niy, we aro informed, about 180 tons hod with di «Acuity been got hold of, at fabulous prices. Tho retldue of the cargoes of the Formosa and Elizabeth, from Mauritius, 4,837 bigs, was offcrod for salo on Wednesday, tho ,18th inst, by auction. Before tho sale 1,000 bigs wore withdrawn; of the remainder about 2,000 bags found buyers at current rates. Of 600 bags No. 1 Cossipore offered, only a small lot could be placed at 61s. On Thursday, the residuo of the Bourbon sugars was disposed of. Tbo sound por- tion consisted of 3,808 nuts ; and the damaged portion, 2,374 mats, was quitted at the same time. Tho pries realised were not satisfactory. On tho 25th, the Eva Joshua's cargo of 5,900 bags was offered by public solo, and 5,000 bags wero placed, at 81s. for rations, 30s. to 37s. for medium to good counters, S9s. gd. to 41s. for good to finest counters. There was a good attendance of the trade, but tho biddings throughout were spiritless. Soft Goods.-At an cxtenilve solo ot colonial-mado clothing (the manufacture of Messrs. Solcborg and Son), on Tuesday, the 10th inst., the following prices wre realised :-Gentlemen's tweed trousers brought Ci. Od. to 10B. Cd. ; do. satara do., Os. 8d. to 10s. Od. ; Sydney twoed do.. Ss. Od. to 99. 3d. ; do. fancy doe do., 0s. 3d. to 14s. 3d. ; do. black bedford do., 8s. 3d. to 9«. Od. ; do. drab do do., 18s. to 18s. Od. ; do. Scotch tweed do., 8s. 9d. to 9s. Gd. ; do. black doe do., 149. to 18s. ; do. S. M. do. do., 11B. Od. to lCs. ; do. riding pants, 10s. 6o., do. trousers and vests to match, 23s. to 28s. ; do. Scotch tweed do., 10s. to 20s. ; do. bluo diagonal sacs, 23s. ; do. honeycomb do., 20s. to 21s. Od. ; do. bluo pilot andwitney do., 16s. Od. to 189. Od. ; do. black cloth do., 25s. to 27s. Od. ; do. S. M. and tweed suits, 40s. to 66s. ; do. blue and diagonal do., 49s. ; do. Chesterfield overcoats, 20s. to 81?. ; do, tweed .and doo'vesti, 4s. Cd. to 7s. Cd. ; do. Crimean shirts, 6s. to Oi.Od. ; boys' and youths'satara and witnoy suits, 16s. 3d. to 17s. Cd. ; do. Eton do., 21s. to 23s. ; do. Inverness capes, 10s. Cd. Tea.-We extract tho following from Messrs. J. Curio ltobcrtson and Co.'s usual monthly tea cir- cular :-" During the month business has boen unira Eoitant. Immediately after the arrival of the mall a ettor feeling prevailed, on account of the high open- ing prices ol tho season ; but, as up to latest dato from Hong Kong, the English panic news had not been received, a certain amount of uncertainty pro vailed hero as to the probable effect such news would havo upon shipments to this market, the general im- pression being that for somo time at least wo would be delayed in getting any quantity forward, and In comequence, tho market was expected to advance ; but tho fact of our prices being so high, and the banks curtailing facilities for speculation, has pro vented anything but regular trade contracts being enterod into, and tho market remains quiet at lort month's quotations, with little or nothing doing. Congous of all descriptions havo boon almost ne- glected, and sales have been confined to actual trade requirement, with the exception of a few lines which changed haudB in the rniddlo of tho month. Ordinary to good ordinary to mixed leaf kinds have boon in moat request at from Is. 3d. to Is. 8d. Small parcels of blackish leaf to blackish leaf strong with flavour have changed bands at 1B. Od. to 2s. Id., and Kaisow kinds at 2s. 2d. to 2s. 3d. A trifling lot ct line flavoured found a purchaser at 2s. 6d. Scented Orange Fekoo.-Small trado sales of medium short leaf at Is. Od. to fino at 2s. Id. comprise the business of tbo month. Long leaf Canton mske, which Is much preferred, is almost out of the market Green teas havo boen quite neglected. Tho arrivals during tho month have beeu nil. Tho deliveries tor tho month amount to 213,4721b., against 382,8951b. tor same mouth last year. The stock in boud in Mel- bourne IB 2,218,6361b., against 3,3S0,4331b. at Bama timo last year. Our quotations aro (in bond) :-Congou, broken Foo-cbow, Is. 2d. to Is. Sid. ; ordinary to good ordinary, Is. id. to Is. 6d. ; mixed leaf kinds, Is. Old. to Is. 8d. ; do., with little flavour, Is. Od, to Is. 9Jd. ; blackish leaf kinds, Is. 91, to 1B. 9Jd. ; do strong, l8. lOd. to Is. lOJd. ; do., strong with flavour, Is. lid. to 2s. Id. ; do., Kaisow kinds, rather strong, 2s. 2d. to 2s. 4d. ; do.. pekoo-BOUchong and pekoe flavour, 2s. 4d. to 2s. Od. ; do., fine rich pokoo-souchong flavour, 2s. 0}d. to 2s. lod. ; very low, 8d. to lid. ; souchong, common, nouo ; mid- dling to fine, none ; extra fine, nono ; orange pekoo, scented ordinary and broken, Is. 7d. ; do., good to fine, Is. lOJd. to 2s. 4d. ; do., finost, 2s. Od. to 2s. 10d.; caper, scouted common to middling, nono; do., middling to fine, le. Od. to 2s. 2d. ; do., finost, 2s. Id. ; hyaonskln, Canton, Od. to 7d. ; do., trno common to fine, 7}d. to lOd. ; hyson, common, Od. to 1B. ; do., good to lino, 1B. 3d. to la. Od. ; do. finest, Is. Od. to 29. ; young byson, Canton and Twankay kinds, 8d. to 1B. Id. ; do., good yellowish leal to fine hyson flavour, ls.'^d. to 2s. Od.; gunpowder, Canton, Is. Id. to 2s. Gd. ; do., country kinds, 2s. Od. to 3s. ; im- perial Canton, Ila. to la. 2d. ; do., couutry kinds. Is. Od. to 2s. Abovo quotations aro at por lb. in bond for chests (half-chests being worth this j oar id. to Id. por lb. more, aud boxes 21a, to 3d,) Duty on tea ia Vic- toria, Sd, per lb." Timber.-In this market but a moderato amount of business has been transacted. On the Sid inst., tho oargo of Oregon lumber ox St John was sold, all faults, at tbo following prices : 60,000ft. 11 x 8 and 9x3 Oregon deals brought £10 10s. to £10 12i. 6d.; 76,000ft. 3 X 7 and 2J x 7 Oregon battens realised £8 2s. Oil. to £3 7B. Cd. ; StCft. 3 x 12 do., £10 6s. ; 0,000ft. 20 x 20 Oregon timbor, £14 ; 00,000ft. l8 x l8 do., £0 159. to £11 2s. 6d. ; 84,000ft. 1C x 16 do., £10 2s. 6d. to £10 10s. ; 86,000ft. 11 x 14 do., £9 17s. Od. to £10 7s. Od. ; 8S,OO0ft 12 x 12 do., £9 12s. Od. ; 28,000ft. 10 x 10 do., £9 7s. Gd. to £9 10s. ; 22,000ft. 0x9 do., £9 12s. 6d. J 10,000ft. 8x8 do., £0 10s. ; 27,000ft. G x 0 do., £9 7s. Gd. to £9 10s. ; 20,000ft. 0 X 12 do., £9 12s. Od. ; 13,909ft 1 x 12 do., £9 16s. ; 6,O00fi. 4x0 do., £10; 150,000 4}ft laths sold at 30s. ; 132,000 4ft. do., at 21s. to 25s. Od. ; 26,000 lift pickots wero placed at £7 10s. to £7 16a. Kx Hormon, all faults-Damaged Bholvlng was quitted at £7 12a. Gd. ; do. clear pine, at £12 5s. ; and T. and G. lumber at £8 10a. The cargo of deals and flooring ox Wilhelm Toll, from Norway, was placed at auction, realising for 0 x 8 red deals, 611-lCd. to Gd. perfoot ; 9 x 8 white do. brought 6 6-10d. to 6 ll-10d. ; 7 x lj T. and G. rod flooring fetcbod 16s. Od. to 15s. Od. per 100 ; G1 x lido.do.,15s, 3d.; 7 x 1 do. do., 13s. Od. do.; 61 x 1 do. do., 13s. do. ; 7 x li whito do., 14s. Gd. do. ; 6f x li do. do., 14a. 6d. do. ; 7 x 1 do. do., 12«. Od. do. ; 61 x 1 do. do., 12s. Od. do. ; 61 x fj, beaded, 10s. do. ; 01 x 1 plain-edged boards, 12s. 3d. do. ; four out weathorboards, 10s. to 10s. 3d. ; and spars, 121d. per foot llnoaL Tho only transaction made public ou the succeeding week was tho sale of 1,175 red deals, 9 x 3, ex General Butlor, which reatised, all faults, 5 l-16d. to 6 7-16U On the 17th, the flooring, ox Staffordshire, realised, all faults, for red Scotch, 6 x li, 12a. Od. per 100 feot ; white Scotch, 6 X li, brought 13B. 3d. ; 0 x 3, 11B. 3d., and 0 x }, 8s. Od. Two csrgoeB of cedar wore disposed of at a slight decline. At Adelaide, the salo of the Cathorlno'B cargo of deals is reported at as low as Sid. to 63d. Tobacco.-Businei8 throughout the month has boon without animation ; tho local demand for the supply of town and country orders has beon light, and for export a most limited trade has beon done. Early in . tho month an extensive clearing sale was advertised by ono of our largest Import firms, and as soon as it was known that the samo was a boult fide clearing salo, greater firmness was imparted, but which tho market SB sinco boon unable to retain, as at any subsequent attempts to quit quantities, no progress could ha made except at very low rates. On the 6th of the month some 1,200 packages wore offered for sale, tho whole bolng disposed of at-for tons, Sid. to Is. 2d. ; for half-pounds, 8Jd. to 12d. ; aromatic, half-poundi, realised Is. 7Jd. ; fancy aromática wero placed at 2s. Id. to 2s. 7jd. ; sheepwash was quittod at 7Jd. ; 61 half-tierces twist were placed, all faults, at 5d. to TJd. Privately, sales of Black Hanibro twist were inado at lOd. ; while 40 halt-tierces Shoirard's Southern twist, a fino sample, realised 2s., and very primo samplos of Barrett's have been quitted at 2i. 7d. to 2s. Od. Somo first-class fresh samples of Southern, tons and half-pounds, came to hand per Guiding Star, Herman, and Pursuit, .but the importers havo beon disappointed In their anticipations of getting long prices. Advices received by tho mall, though considered favourable, have liad uo influence on the market as yet On tho 11th inst, damaged twists were sold at 5d. to 8d., and on the following day twists, likewise faulty, were sold at 6d. to 63d., and tens at Gd. Last week, tho auction sales loomed largo, but tho actual business transacted waa a mero nothing. On Wednesday, about 1,109 ptckages wero offered, but only two parcels Westoru twist wero sold, at 9d., and half- pounds, at Sid. On Friday, 14G packages twist wero disposed of at 6Jd. t3 73d. On tho25th inst. C25 packages wore offered, of which 190 packages « ero sold, at tho following prices : -Fancy aromatics, as per sample, Is. 8d. por Ib, ; Western twist, all faults, Cid. to OJd. ; Southern twist, all faults, if any, Is. OJu. to Is. 8d. There was a good attendance, but little dlspoiition on the part of the trado to purchase Our trade quotations are : Common Northern tens and half-pounds, 7d. tolOJd. : medium, IB. ; good, Is. to Hld. ; fino scarce, and price almost nominal. Aromatics, half-pounds. Is. Gd. to 2s. Od., according to quality. Sales have boon mado at 2s. 2d. to 2s. 3d. Twist.-Common Korthorn is worth 7d. to Sd. ; Western, lOd. to 13d. ; Southern, ont of condition, lOd. to Is. Gd.'; sound is wanted at 2s. : for Barretts, 29.8d. Is roquirod. Wines and Spirits.-In port wino little has been done. Sherries have been sold at £23 to £20 for common; £35 for medium; and £85 for good descriptions. By auction £37 was roallsod for palo sherry ; dry palo Bherry was sold at £33 6i., white Olllcy's port wine was disposed of at £55. In brandies, the business done has beon limited. HcnnoBiy's and Marteli's palo brandies have been wanted, and 8s. to 8s. 3d. was paid In the early part of tho month for small lots ; but on tbo appear- ance of now brandies, prices Immediately declined. Wo now quote 7s. Od. for palo and 6s. Od. for dvrk. Otard'siB quoted 7s. Marteli's and Hennessy'! dark aro quoted Gs. 6d. Some fifty quarters of Leger Freres' pale brandy realised Gs. 3d. ; and about forty bhds. Chatenet palo brandy were placed at Cs. About eighty hhds. Importai brandy found a buyer at 2s. Od. Caso brandy has boen sold to somo oxtent. Hcnnoasy's, in trade parcels, has been quitted at 2S>. to 2Ss. Gd. ; and in shipments ot 600 casos, salos have beon mido at 27s. Od. Marteli's bus beon disposed of at 20s. Otard's is quoted 27«,. U.V. P. is valued at 25s., Renault's is held for 24s., and C.V.P. brings 24s. 6d. Geneva has attracted specu- lative attention, and very extensive parcels havo changed hands of JDKZ, V.H. and Co.'s, and Koy, and the trado rate has been advanced li. Gd. por case. We now quote 133.'Od. to 14s. for JDKZ, 13s. to 18s. 6d. for V.H. and Co.'s and Key ; 40,000 oases, In all, have cbangod hands in one fortnight. Bum Is quiet, and prices lower for ten per cent. o.p. Wo quote 8s. Od. for hhds., and Ss. Od. for qutrtors. Of thirty per cent. o.p. there are no sales. Whiskey, in case, is held for 11s. 6d. to Its. ; and, in bulk, sales havo been made at 4s. ljd. to 4s. Od., according to quality. Old tom is held for 12s. Od. to 13s. for Sir B. Burnett's, to 10«. for other brands. , MELBOURNE MARKETS. TVunNEsnAY, JULT 25. THE MILLS. Business, upon both town and country order», shows some Improvement this week, and prices are somewhat firmer. Prices arc, howevor, unaltered, quotations being as follow:-Fine flour, £16 to £1610s. ; seconds, £1610s. ; Adelaide, £1710s. to £18 ; bran, la. lOd. to Is. lid. ; pollard, 2s. to 2s. 3d. ; wheat, 6s. to 6s. Od. J meal, £31. BETAIL MARKETS. Butchers' meat shows no signs of a declension io price, best pork being quoted from Id, to 2d. per lb. higher than last week. Poultry and dairy produce aro a shado easier. Prices aro as follow :-Beef, Od. per lb. ; mutton, 6d. to Sd. per lb. ; veal, 8d. per lb. ; pork, lOd. to 1». per lb. Poultry.-Fowls, 6s. to Os. per pair ; geese, 8a. to 11s. do. ; ducks, Os. Od. to 7s. Gd. do. ; turkeys, 12s. to 26». do. Cheese, Is. lOd. to 2s. per lb. ; eggs, 2s. ed. to 2s. 8d. per dozen ; butter, fresh, 2s. Od. to 3s. per lb. ; bread, 8d. the 41b. loaf; milk, 7d. to Sd. por quart; hams, 2s. to 2s. 3d. per lb. ; bacon, 2s. por lb. HAY MAKKET. The amount of hay and straw brought to market during tho week has been in excess of demand. Business Is very dull, and sales at the prices men- tioned below are somewhat difficult. Quotations »re :-Best hay, £7 to £7 10s. ; second do., £0 to £6 10s. ; straw, £4 Ss. to £5 5s." EASTERN MAKKET. There was a good attondanco of buyers this morn- ing, and an early clearance was the result. Tho supply of all classes of produco was, however, very limited. Tho following were tho prices ruling: - Vege- tables.- Jerusalem artichokes, lid. to 3d. per lb.; beet, Od. to Is. per dozen; bouquets, 6s. to 12s. per dozen ; cabbages, 2s. to 0s. per dozen ; carrots, Od. to Is. 3d. per dozon bunches; cauli- flowers, 2s. to Ga. per dozen ; celery, 2s. Cd. to 6s. per dozen ;, cress, water, Is. per dozen bunches ; horso radUh, 3s. to 0s. per dozen sticks; leok, Is. per dozen bunches ; lettuce, ed. to Od. per dozen ; marjo- ram, Od. per dozen bunches; onions, dried, 28a. to 80s. per cwt. ; do., green, Is. per dozen bunch os ; paralcy, Od. to Is. por dozen hunches; parsnips, is. to 2s. per dozen bunches; potatoes, 7s. to 7s. Od. per cwt., £6 to £0 10s. portón; do., young, ljd. to ljd. per Ib.; pumpkins, 0s. to 12s. per dozen ; radishes, Od. per dozen bunches; sage, Od. to Is. per dozen bunches ; spinach, 2d. to 2}d. per lb. ; sprouts, Is. per dozen ; thyme, Sd. to Is. per dozen bunches ; turnips, Is. to 2s. per dozen bunches. Fruit. Apples, 3d. to 4d. per lb. ; melons (preserving), Is. each; pears, 3d. to Od. per lb. Dairy Produce. Butter, 2s. 4d. to 2s. 8d. per lb. ; ducks, 0s. to 7s. per pair; eggs, 2s. per dozen ; geese, 8s. to 11s, per pair ; hens, 4s. io 6s. per pair ; honey, Od. to lOd. per lb. ; pork, lOd. per lb. ; sucking pigs, Os. to 12s. each ; turkeys, 12s. to 18s. per pair ; hams, Is. 4d. to Is. Sd. per lb. ; bacon, Is. 4d. to Is. 8d. per lb. WOOL, TALLOW, HIDES, He. The London and Australian Agency Company (Limltod) furnish the following mouialy report, for transmission per Madras :-" Wool.-Wo have but little business to report upon as having been transacted during tbo past month. Our transactions have been confined entirely to sales by private contract, by which modo we havo placed several parcels of wool at current rates. The amount of wool left in this colony for ship- ment is exceedingly small; ia fact, we may con- sider that all the clip of lbC5 has passed from first hands, and that the trido is now confined to fell- mongers' wools, or parcels that reach sioro from tho northern districts, and which bave beon hithorto pre- vented by tho low stato of tho rivers from being got away from tho stations, lhe advices received by tbo May mail, delivered on tho afternoon of the 12th instant, r.ro ot a most unsatisfactory character ; and although wools have not suf- fered so severely In value as some othor com- modities, still the depreciation in the price of it will be most seriously felt here, and must tend to shako confidence for como time to como, even al- though the season of 1805 and 1S00 has passed by. It is gratifying, on tho othor hand, to be able to report, that up to tho present time lambing has pro- gressed most satisfactorily, and tho accounts re- ceived by us continue to bo of the most cheering character as to the probablo percentage that will result; various estimates aro made as to this point, but wo think it rather too early to hazard a decided opinion upon the subject. Tho wea- ther during tho month has boon of tho most favourable character, aud wo think that there Is now no fear of a recurrence of so severe a drought as that we experienced last season. Prices havo ruled very evenly, but as tho bulk of tho satos mado wcro effected betöre the arrival of tho mall, wo abstain from making quotations, as thoy now form no fair criterion of the value of wool in this market. The following ships have cleared finco our last Bummary, viz. :-June 30, Dover Castle, 268 balos ; July 3, Rei- gate, 840 bales ; July 4, Reigate (extra clearance), 1,048 bales ; July 14, Moravian, 873 bales ; July 21, Yorkshire, 602 bales ; total, 2,700 bales ; add previous shipments ; from Oct. 10,1866,143,134 balos ; total, 146.834 bales. The following have beon the weekly shipments for tho month. For tbo week ending June 30-34,6341b., £2,351; July 7-802,3271b., £30,004; July 14 107,6241b., £7,091 ; July 21-42,2981b., £3,176; total, 670,8381b., £62,221 ; to which add previous shipments from October 10,1865, to Juno 23,1866-30,138,9941b., £2,005,265 ; total, 80,716,827lb., £2,117,486. Tallow. Thero havo been no shipments mado during the month, as tbo demand for tallow for local consump- tion bas exceeded the supply, and lots offering havo been eagerly competed for, until best mutton reached the unUBUal prlco of £05 por ton. During tha last week tho Inquiries have not been so numerous, and prices, in conscqucnco, havo relaxed. Judg- ing from prosont appearances, wo do not an- ticipate that thoy wid again hardon this sea- son. AVo quote prlcos as follows, viz. :-For best mutton, from £66 to £00 per ton; and for beef and mixed, from £44 to £48 per ton. Hides.-Tho sales ot tho month have not been very important, but prices havo ruled regularly. Tho news from EDgland has caused no alteration worthy of note. The follow ing havo been tho shipments of the month, viz. :-July 3, Reigate, 4,135 hides ; July 14, Moravian, 7,622 hides ; total, 11,067. Sheepskins.-We havo sold several parcela during the month at prlcos that fully maintain late quotations. We quote prices from 4d. to 7d. por lb. Store Stock.-Wo have to report the salo of the undermentioned sheep, by private contract, viz. :-0,500 weth«rs, six and eight tooth, at 11s. Od., near Dunkeld ; 4,180 do, do, at 9s. Gd., near Mansfield ; 1,400 full-mouthed, at 0s. 3d., near Hamil- ton; 3,000 ewes, six-tooth, in lamb, at Ila, Od., near Caramut ; total, 16,080. The inquiries havo been numerous during tho month, and wo have placed several lots under offer at prices that will result in sales." Messrs. B. Goldsbrough and Co. report :-" Wool. Since our report of last month there has not beon much business doing, very few lots coming to hand either Tor salo or shipment. Prospects for noxt clip continuo favourable, and no doubt it will bo found a great improvement on that of last year, both as regards staple, growth, and general condition. In certain districts liiere ia still a deficiency of feed, but generally throughout tbtB colony and Riverina the rains havo been abundant, and grass has sprung freely. Tho lambing is giving a good porcontago of increase, and, so far as we can ascertain, will be fully an avoragc ono. In Beveral cases we bear of an In- crease of ninety per cent. ; and In Instances where not more than forty por cent, was obtained last year, fully sixty por cent, bas been realised this season. Tho ndvicos to hand by last mall, reporting disastrous failure! in London and probability of a continental war, have caused considerable uneasiness hero ; but oxporters of wool aro »assured to a certain extent by the well-suslainod prices ruling at tho May sales. It is felt that, In the face of such a severe panic, wool baa well maintained its value, and there is causo for congratulation In tho fact that tho fall has not been considerably more. In 186S, under less Bovcre pressure, a decline of Cd. per lb. had ts bs submitted to. The following ships havo clearod for England during tho month, with wool on board : June SO, Dover Castle, for London, 274 bales ; July 3, Reigate, for London, 1,397 bales; JulyH, Moravian, for London, 873 bales ; July 21, Yorkshire, for London, 691 bales ; total, 2,73S bales. Previous shipments, 187,809 bale». Total export of wool from Victorian ports.Oot 25, 1S05, to date, 140,637 bales. Prices Current.-Greasy-. Inferior to ordinary, 7d. to Od. ; ordinary to average, lOd. to lid, ; good to superior, Is. t) Is. 2d. ; do. do., cross-bred, Is. Id. to Is. 3d. Fleece-Inferior to ordinary, Is. 4d. to Is. Od. ; ordinary to average, Is. Od. to Is. Od. ; good to superior, Is. Od. to 2s. Ojd. Bcoured-Ordinary, la. 4d. to lt. Cd. ; good, Is. 7d. to Is. Od. ; superior, 1*. lid. to 2s. The above quotations aro at this Bcason of the year almost nominal. Hides.-Wo quote Inferior to ordinary, 6s. to 8s. ; average to good, 0s. to 12i. ; laigo lots In shipping order, 13s. Od. to 16s. each. Shipments aro :-July 8, Belgato, for London, 10,400 hides; July 14, Moravian, for London, 7,622 hides; total, 17,042 hides. Transactions are chiefly confined to small lots, the larger parcels shipped being almost entirely on curen' account. Tallow continues ex- tremely scarce, and prices aro well sustained. We quoto-beef, £42 to £46 ; mixed, £47 to £60 ; and mutton, £62 to £68 per ton." LIVE STOCK. Messrs. DALMAIIOY Gasirmuib and Co. report: "Fat Cattle-Tbo supply this woek was a very short one, viz., 085 head, about 600 of which could bo classed ai butchers' meat, the balance being dalry and store stock. Tills number being considerably under the requirements for town consumption alono, caused extremo rates to be obtained, prime beef making from40». to CO». porlOOlb. We quoto best pens-bul- locks from £16 to £18 7«. 6d ; good do., £12 to £14 J middling do., from £8 to £10 ; inferior from £4 to £0. Thero VToro no good cowa offeree', with tbo exception of ono prime animal from Gipps Land, which realised as high na £22 ; others »old about tbo same In proportion to bollocks. Our sales bave been-57 for Messrs. Har- die Brothers, middling quality, at an average of £8 16s. Od. ; 61 for Mr. F. Ingram, very rough, from £2 17». Od. to £0 10B. ; 200 (or Messrs. Staughton Bro- thers, delivered on Tintinallogy Station, Darling River, the bullocks at £10 10s., cows at £9 0s. ; and 138 for Mr. Donald M'Bae, delivered on tbo Caulpaulin Sta- tion, Darling Rlver.the bullockB at £10,the cowa at£0. Fat Calves.-Thore was an unusually large supply, viz.-103, mostly second and inferior qualities. Good brought about late rates, while second and inferior ruled 6s. per head lower. We quote prime from 75s. to 86s. ; good do., 60s. to 60s. ; middling do., 30s. to 40s. ; inferior do., 13». to 25s. Wo havo sold 178 head, from 13s. to 77s. Od. Fat Sheep.-7,400 came for- ward, and good qualities |as well as heavy welghu were much better represented than thoy have been for como time patt; consequently, tbo average of tho sales were fully equal to last week's rates. We quote as follows :-Prime quality wethers, 23s. to 20». ; good do., 20s. to 22s. ; leconddo., 16B. to l8). ; inferior do., from Ile. upward!. We have sold 1,216 of Messrs. Bankin Brother»' wethcts, the greater portion at 26s., a few culls at from 19s. to 24s. ; 179 of Mr. D. M'FhaH's wethers, at 18s. ; and 884 of Mr. E. Dunn's, at from 14s. 9d. to 15s. Store Stock.-There are in- quiries for small lots of well-bred store cattle, over three years old, and also for good sound wethers ; but there ii very little doing In breeding stock at present. AVo hove sold 100 head of cattle, equal sexes, from two years upwards, delivered at Tooradin, Western Port, at £3 12s. per head-terms, four months; also, 3,000 wethers, delivered near Horsham, at Ile., usual terms." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OP MELBOURNE. ARMY ALS A3ÎD CLEAR AKCKS SI.NCK OUR LAST SuUMAUT. [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; Hn., Hanoverian; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Belg. Belgian ; Er., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; R-, Russian ; s., ship ; b., barque; br., brig; se, schooner; s.S.. steamer. June. ARRIVED. 29\. Formosa, B. b., 3S0, J. Craig, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. July. 2\. Waterloo, B. s., 1,250, B. Osborne, Liverpool Blight Brothers and Co. 6\. Mary Bick, A. b., 420, J. W. Hick, San Francisco. -F. W. Prell and Co. 6\. Whittington, B. s., 669, John Rhind, Liverpool. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 0\. Omar Pasha, B. 8., 1,038, John M'Kay, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 9\. AVavo of Life, B. s., 900, B. A. Perrett, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 10\. Valparaiso, H. b., 340, C. Johnstone, Chili.-J. M'Lean. 10\. Amazon, Hn. b., 320, W. Dieckman, San Francisco, -F. W. Prell and Co. 11\. Trossachs, B. b., 340, J. Toshach, Toroa.-F. W. Prell and Co. 12\. Bombay, B.M.S.S., 1,200, G. C. Burne, Gallo.-W. C. Clifton. 12\. Marlo Sophlo, I. b., Giovanni Domcchi, TomG. \- Harrison. 12\. Tereso Oresqul, I. b., 270, C. Hill, Tome. \- Harrison. 12\. Cape Horn, F. b., 610, Victor Beault, TomG. \- Harrison. 14\. Ottolina, D. b., 640, A. K. Liss, TomG.-F. W. Prell avd Co. 15\. Racer, B. s., 742, J. S. Beaton, London.-Joshua Brothers. 15\. Eva Joshua, B. b., 2GS, T. H. Robson, Mauritius. -Joshua Brothers. 15\. Fitzjames, B. s., 1,195, J. N. AVardrop, Liverpool. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 16\. Wblto Roso, B. B., 1,193, Robert M'Fio, Glasgow. -Holmes, AVhito, and Co. 16\. Malabar, H. b., 301, J. Godje, Hamburg.-Ross and Spowers. 16\. Star of India, B. ?., 1,697, B. B. Sharp, Liverpool. '-Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 19.s Silos Fish, A. b., 700. W. Brand, San Francisco. Bright Brothers and Co. 21\. Star, B. s., 1,070, D. C. Soring, London. - J. Henty and Co. 24\. Arica, B. b., 309, A. Murdoch, San Francisco. Anderson and Marshall. 25\. Omeo, B. s.S., 605, J. S. Edwards, Valparaiso. M'Meckan, Blackwood, and Co. June. CLEARED OUT. 28\. Ellora, B.M.S.S., 1,070, N. J. Skottowe, Point do Galle.-AV. C. Clifton. 39\. Hormon, B. s., 1,077, J. F. Cruickshank, Callao. Lord and Co. 30\. Dover CaBtie, B. s., 1,003, R. K. Deacon, London. -W. P. AVhito and Co. July. 3\. Glee Malden, B. s., 1,305, E. Powell, Callao. Dickson, Williams, and Co. 3\. Beigate, B. s., 1,032, B. Deas, London.-J. H. AVhito and Co. i. Guiding Star, A. s., 9S2, L. B. Small, Calcutta. R. Towns and Co. 6\. Formosa, B. b., SS0, J. Craig, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. 6\. Amiral J orion do la Graviere, F. B., 521, J. M. Pailler, Guam -H. Fourcado. 7\. Winefred, B. s., 1,359, W. Sargent, Calcutta. M'Ewan and Co. 10\. Glontilt, B. a., 001, J. Lewis, Callao.-Holmes, AVhito, and Co. 11\. Europa, B. s., 1,143, B. G. Patten, Callao. Youngman and Co. 12\. Camana, B. s., 593, J. Patterson, Quintero. M'CuUoch, Sellar, and Co. 14\. Carl, S. b , 216, P. Petersen, Guam.-C. A. Wilms. 14\. James Cheston, A. s., 971, J. Colson, Guam. Newell and Co. 14\. Moravian, B. s., 007, T. B. Ayllng, London. Dalgety and Co. 17\. AVilllam Jones, b., 264, AV. J. Bowden, Quintero. -B. TownBand Co. 17\. Blackwater, B. b., 776, J. Griffiths, Callao_ M'Eivnn and Co. 18\. Adriatic, B. b., 303, T.Cappon, Mauritius_Ander- son and Marshall. 19\. Glencoyn, B. br., 425, H. W. Hewitt, Guam.-W. Crosby and Co. 20\. General Butler, A. s., 1,233, F. Chase, Callao. M'Ewan and Co. 20\. Wilhelm Tell, S. b., 303, O. F. Ellortsen, Guam. A. Macfarlan and Co. 20\. Eva Joshua, B. b., 2S7, T. H. Bobson, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. 21\. Yorkshire, B. B., 1,057, F. Anderson, London. W. P. White and Co. 23\. St. Louis, F. b., 450, J. Hllg, Guam.-Dalgety and Co. 26\. Fearnought, B. s., 1,302, J. H. Jone?, Callao. Lorimer, Marwood, and Home. 25\. Queen of Beauty, B. s,, 1,234, B. Chapman, Guam.-Youngman and Co. SHIPS CLEAEED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. JU.NK 80. Dover Castle, for London.'-203 bales wool, 01 bales leather, 937 bags bark, 450 bags ground bark, 7 casks oil, 13 casks shank bones, 2 casks horns, 6 casks yellow metal, 200 blocks antimony, 2 casks white oxide, 1 case curiosities, 2 casks grain, 1 caso seed wheat, 2 cases wine, 1 case opossum skius, 2 bales sheepskins, 96 cask» sperm oil, 1 ciso gum, 101 cases copper oro, 136 cakes 1,880 boga copper, 160 bags 240 ingots 03 packages Bilver lead otc, 1 bale whalobono. JULY 3. Holgate, for London.-148 balos leather, 2,264 hides, 85 bales 71 bigs bark, 12 bales felt, 5 bales tailors' clippings, 2 cases beer, 458 bales rags, 253 bags silver ore, 101 bags plumbago, 17 casks sperm oil, 0 packagos whalebone, 24 casks oil, 470 bag» copper ore, 120 bales pelts, 20 cases greaves, 0 packiges old metal, (ISO bales 26 tons hoofs, 275 ingots spelter, 90 bags shank bones, 1,397 baleB wool, 1,871 bides, 623 calfskins, 13,719 horns. JULY 6. Formosa, for Mauritius.-10 calks tallow. JULY 7. AVinefred, for Calcutta.-88 horses, 4,522 cikes copper. JULT 14. Moravian, for London.-7,652 hides, 41 calfskins, 122 bales raga, 8 colls ropo, 95 bales leather, 13 cases wine, 117 pieces myall wood, 80 casks cullot, 6 tous spelter, 120 tons copper oro, 1 box bismuth, 373 balos wool, 44 bales leather, 1 balo.skln«, 12 bundles sheep Bkins, 2,048 bag» bark. JULT 21. Yorkshire, for London.-062 bales wool, 098 baloi bark, 74 bales leather, 4,009 bags coppor ore, 670 casks 70 cases ingots, 99 Ingots 14 cak09 coppor, 9 casks black sand, 029 bags antimony ore, 1,007 bags silver lead oro, 1 cask 2 quarter-casks wine, 10 casks seeds, 1 case plants, 1 caso native weapons. NOTES FROM THE SEA. WRECK OP THE SCHOONER TIQEB, AT BULLI. -We regret to record tha total loss of the Tiger schooner, at Bulli, on Wednesday after- noon. She was moored by two warps to a buoy at some distance- from the Balli jetty. When the indication of the weather was such that it was deemed desirable to get out to sea, a couple of warps were passed from the Woniora to the Tiger, with the intention of towing her away, and they were on the point of starting, when the Corio, which was also in a dangerous position, got np steam and made for sea ; a heavy roller, however, Btrack her, and Bbe was for a while in danger of going ashore, but an anchor was let go, which brought her head to seaward, and she Bteamed out. Her position, however, was such as to necessitate her passing between the Woniora and the Tiger, and in doing so the warps by which they were attached gave way, as* also thoBe by which the Tiger was fastened to tho buoy, and the conséquence was that she immediately drifted ashore. When it was found that there was no hope of saving the vessel a boat was launched, and five hands got into her, leaving the captain only on board, who intended to let go an anchor. The boat, however, soon cap- sized, and three of the five persons in her were drowned. Those who lost their lives were a man named Jackson, aged twenty-six, a native of New York ; an Englishman named Hamilton, aged nineteen : and a youth named Puicell, aged fourteen, a Bon of a widow resid- ing in Clarence-street, Sydney. Those Baved were a man named Nelson, and the cook, named Pltchen. Captain Robert Smith, who remained on board, was also saved. The Tiger was a very old veesel, and uninsured. She was seventy-six tons burthen, and was the property of Mr. James Shoobett, of Syd- ney. The two men who wera washed aBhore were very slightly bruised.-Illawarra Mercury, July 13. Loss OP THE CALYPSO ON STEWABT'S ISLAND.-The Otago Daily Times of June 11 says:-"The Calypso was bound from New- castle to this port, with a cargo of coal On approaching Foveaux Straits she encountered very severo weather, during which a tremen- dous sea Btruck the vessel, carrying away bulwarks, boat, and galley, besides doing other damage. In order to repair damages, she made for Stewart's Island, and brought up under a point about fourteen miles from Port William, in seven fathoms of water; repaired damages, got under weigh, and stood off about 200 yards, when she Btruck heavily aft on a reef not laid down on the chart. Carried away her rudder, started Btern-post, rudder trunk, and wooden ends. Shortly afterwards, through the tide rising, she slipped off the reef, when it WBB found she was making a deal of water. Hands were kept continually at the pumps, and the vessel was navigated with her canvas. She fetched the south- east side of the island, when the water was gaining fast, so much so that the sea was level with her water-ways amidships. Being kept close in shore for the purpose of saving life, she touched the ground, and almoBt immediately became a total wreck. While on shore one of the crosstree« WBB carried away, and fell ' on deck, striking one of the crew on the head, and fracturing his sknll. Her Baila were un- bent, and all that could be saved was done. The master left the mate and one hand on the Leach, in charge of the wreck, to eave ? and protect; and proceeded to Invercargill with the remainder of his crow, including the injured man, for medical asaietance. De. Monckton performed an operation on the skull, which restored the patient te con scionenf se. The vessel ia insured for £1,000 in the Otago Company, her cargo being In- sured for invoice prices at Newcastle." WKECK or THE WILUAM WATSON.-Among the casualties recorded BB having taken place duting the fearful gale which raged at New- castle on tho 12th July was the loss of the barque William Watson, well known in the coasting trade between Newcastle and Mel- bourne. The William Watson left Melbourne early in February, in charge of Captain M. Moran, und since then haa been trading be- tween Newcastle and New Zealand ports. She was owned in Newcastle, and is said to be insured. WllECK OF THE SCHOONER CARNATION AT SEAL ROCK BAY.-The schooner Carnation, John Smith, master, left Fort Macquarie on Wednesday, the 11th July, about seven a.m. During the night the wind freshened to a gale, and the captain ordered all sail to be taken in. About midnight hove the ship to, and about three a.m. was compelled to throw some of the cargo overboard to lighten the veBsel, which, however, did not prevent her drifting on to a lee shore. About eight a.m. on Thursday, Charlotte Head bore west and by north about eight miles distant, and at this time the captain tried to weather the Seal Bocks, but it was useless, as the sea was too heavy and the wind too strong to set any canva.'. In order to save life, the vessel WBB beached in Seal Bock Bay, at about half-past nine a.m. on.Thursday. AB the vessel was enter- ing the bay a sea Rtruckber on the Btern, which nearly caused her to settle down, washing the captain away from the helm, and dashing him with such force against the companion as to break several of his ribs. Three hours after beaching the vessel the paBsengers (three in number) and the wholo of tho crew effected a landing, notwithstanding that the eea was making a clean breach over the schooner. The Carnation has become a total wreck, and nothing has been saved from her. The schooner belonged to Mr. Henry Young, of Port Macquarie, to whom the cargo of maize, beef, pork, tallow, &c;, also belonged. The schooner IB insured at the Victoria Office for £800.-5. M. Herald, July 17. Loss OP THE WILD WAVE.-The Otago Daily Times, dated July 9, Bays :-" Captain Peterson, late of the Wild Wave, belonging to this port, who ha» anived with hia crew as passengers in the Albatross, has furnished ua with the following particulars of the IOBS of his vessel. She left Waitangi at half past two p.m. on the 17th, bound for Kangaroo, having on board water, provisions, and fittings to load a cargo of cattle at the latter port, as also a cash-box, containing £1,128. A mode- rate breeze from south by west was expe- rienced until she entered the Cuba Channel, when tho wind fell light, and tho weather became hazy. At a quarter-past six p.m. the mate reported breakers on the lee bow. Orders were immediately given to get the anchors and cables ready. Two caats of the lead were taken, and no bottom found at twenty fathoms. The boat was got out to tow the Echooner's head off; but, owing to the heavy Bwell and strong current setting her on a reef not marked on the chart, all efforts proved useless. When the boat carno alongside, the sea broke right under the bow- sprit, and all bands had just timo to jump in the boats as they stood. The master, how- ever, nt great risk, saved the vessel's ensh-box. The crew lay-to on their oars for half an hour, and heard the vessel breaking np. Then, seeing no possibility of saving anything, they pulled back to Waitangi, a distance of sixteen miles. They arrived at midnight, and were kindly received on board the Albatross. Lieutenant Tooke, who is in charge of the soldiers and prisoners on the islond, placed everything he could at the master's disposal, and offered all the assistance in his power. Captain Peter- son proceeded next day, in a whale-boat be- longing to Lieutenant Tooke, to the scene of the wreck, ond found pieces of the deck and bulwarks washed on the rocks, but he was unable to see any of the hnll or masts of the vessel. The hull of the Wild Wave is insured for £600, half in the Victoria and half in the Otago offices. A further insurance of £400 on her cargo also falls on the Otago Company." THE Loss OP THE CAW-AHUA.-The follow ing information has been obtained from Frederick Valurent Hedges, the only survivor of the ill-fated Cawarra. F. V. Hedges was bom in Bristol, England ; carno to the co- lonies in 1857, in the Granito City, and is thirty-one years of age. He states thot the Cawarra cleared Sydney neads about six o'clock on Wednesday evening, a strong south- east wind blowing. As they proceeded the wind freshened, blowing heavy squalls, sea increasing. Heard the captain intended putting into Port Stephens or Newcas- tle. The weather was very thick at tho time, and it was eleven o'clock before they made ont land. At two they made out Nobby's ; the captain at once made for the port, and rounded Nobby's shortly after two o'clock ; in doing so tho heavy Bea running struck the steamer Beveral times with tre- mendous force, and the nish of water on deck -Borne of which went below-was frightful ; the vessel almost became unmanageable. The captain ordered tho foresail to be Eefc, as the vessel had turned around with her head towards Nobby's. Hedges thinks it was the captain's intention to mako the harbour, but tho sea came on board in such volumes that the captain ordered the sail to be taken in, and tho steamer to go ahead full speed, evidently with the intention of going out to sea ; throe or four tremendous seas struck the steamer, and she gradually went down by the head, and tho fires almost immediately went out. Captain Chatfield ordered the boats to be cleared away. Some Chinamen had previously taken possession of one boat, but the captain ordored them out, to make room for the females on board, two or three of whom got Into the boat with five or six men, among whom was Hedges. A sea swept all out, but Hedges managed to lay hold of the davits, and succeeded In get ing on board again ; and by this time another boat, the cutter, was manned by seven or eight men, and put off from the steamer, but she almost immediately capsized, and only one of the crew regained the Bhip. Hedges got into the main rigeing, with three or four others, but had not been thora long when the funnel went over the side, carrying him and the others with it ; hu atruck out for some minutes, and succeeded in laying hold of a plank, which drifted towards the harbour near the red buoy. As ha was drifting along, he says, he saw two or three men in the water floating on pieces of wreck, and who, he thought, would be picked up by boats. He believes they all perished in the surf clo3o to the OyBter Bank. Hedges says he heard no screaming. There was some slight confu- sion on board, but all appeared calm and collected, and perfectly resigned. He says he has often seen more con- fusion and fright in much less real danger. The Chinamen willingly got out of the boat when ordered. Just before Hedges was swept off the wreck the second engineer, who waa by him, clinging to the main rigging, said, " I think it is a case with most of IIB, Fred." About this time a report was spread through the vessel that the lifeboat was coming ; thecap tainBaid,"Coolly, lads; the lifeboat ia coming." Up to the time that Hedges was washed off tho steamer the captain appeared perfectly self possessed and cool : in fact, all stood at their posts to the last. Hedges saw the chief engi- neer, who ho made sure would be saved, as he was near the harbour. Hedges did not see the lifeboat, and was not aware that she was out at all ; but he saw another come out to their assistance. He Baw the Bchooner Veno coming in ; he did not, however, seo the boat that picked him up until close to him. He saw tbo red buoy two or three times before he was picked up. Mr. HanneU's boat came alongside him in the water, and ho was assisted in and removed immediately to Mr. HanneU's residence, at the lighthouse. Sydney Morning Herald, July 14. [Nearly all the bodies afterwards floated ashore. A sub- scription is being raised for tho wife and family of Captain Chatfield] STBANDIKG OF THE SHIP ESK, AT MANLEY. The Eek, Captain Braithwaite, belonging to the P. and N. Z. Company, left Wellington on the 2áth June, in ballast. When in Cook's Straits she encountered a violent gale, in which she suffered so much damage by being Btruck by a heavy sea that she commenced to leak so badly that the pumps could only just keep her clear, with the constant exer- tions of the crew. This weather continued for many days, and at last the sand ballast choked the pumps and rendered them quite useless, and it became necessary to keep the water under by baling ; on Wednesday, a heavy gale from E.S.E, came on, continuing up to her arrival in this port, on the night of the 13tb, at which time she had six feet of water in her bold, and the crew completely exhausted by constant work. She passed through the heads at eleven p.m., and stood in for tho Quarantine Station, as the ship was unmanageable, from the quantity of water in her forwards. When off the northern point of Spring Cove she let go her anchor, but it did not check her in time, and Bhe struck the rock with great force, knocking the apron off.« The water rushed in, and a* she sonk by the head her stern swung round, and she fell broadside to the beach, where she now lies. She ia insured in Sydney offices.-Sydney Morning Herald. July 10. SUPPOSED WBEOK.-Captain Gardyne, of the Phoebe, reports seeing a large quantity of wreck, consisting of the top of a deckhouse, several casks and pieces of timber, and part of a lower mast, about eleven miles to the north of the heads, at sea. Ho says he saw several pieces of wreck for three or four miles. Some fears are entertained for the safety of the fine vessel Jenny Duncan, which left this port for the north, laden with grain, on Friday evening.--Lyttelton Times. . Loss OF THE TAHITAN SCUOONEB IBENE, AND TWELVE LIVES.-On March 25,18(50, the schooner Irene, of Tahiti, Captain Priour, arrived off the island of Mongala. She had on board ten natives and four European passengers-William Cochrane, an Irishman; William Whiting, an American; another American ; and a West Indian half-caste, Peter Heligen. It was very stormy when she arrived, but the captain went on Bhore to buy provisions, and could not return. The vessel stood off and on ander small canvas, and gradually drifted to about twenty miles off the land. On Monday it blew furiously ; and on Tuesday, the 27th, at noon, the vessel was struck by the full force of the hurricane, capsized, and filled, and about throe p.m. went down with all on board, except four Putoa, a native of Atiu ; Niutai, his sister, who was married to Cochrane; a Clark's Islander; and a woman of the island of Mauki. Loss OF THE WHALING BRIO AMHERST, AT STEWART'S ISLAND.-From Mr. Fisher we have particulars of the wreck of the brig Amherst. While cruising off the Solander abo was struck by a hoavy sea, causing hor to make water very fast. They tried to make Preservation Inlet, but owing to the weather were obliged to bear np for Stewart's Island, and succeeded in getting her into a safe spot in Port William before she filled. She now lies under water, the deck awash at low tide. The Bails and whaling gear have all been saved. The master left her on Sunday last, and arrived at the Bluff on Monday morn- ing, from whence he intends taking ap- pliances, with a view to lift the wreck.-Otago Daily Times, Julj 14. STEAMSHIP BARWON.-The wreck of this vessel, lying on the shore of Lonsdale Biy, bas been bought at auction by Mr. S. G. Henty for £8,500 cash. It is expected the vessel will be got afloat without much diffi- culty. STEAMSHIP'; CITY OF LAUNCESTON.-Be newed efforts are to be made for the raising of this vessel from her bed at the bottom of Port Phillip Bay, near the Western light- ship. THE GALE ON THE SODTH-EASTERN COAST. -A despatch from Newcastle, dated the morning of July 13, says:-"It has been a fearful night. The like has not bean seen here for fourteen years. There was a terrible sea on. The barque William Watson has just gone ashore in a similar position to that where the Cawarra waB lost. The master and steward were drowned." The steamer Bun- garee was among the vessels lost ; the crew escaped. The steamer West Hartley was totally wrecked at Lake Macquarie; for- tunately, the crew were saved. Tho schooner Carnation WOB wrecked in Trial Bay ; the passengers and crew were saved. Large quantities of spirits, flour, and other goods were strewn along the beach for milo3 near Newcastle. The Lismore waB driven ashore, and the Sea Gull and Caroline foundered during the gale, with all hands. A portion of the fittings of the steamer Corio were washed ashore at Broken Bay ; she waB in- sured in the Southern Office for £1,500. The schooner Mary and Bose was wrecked, and five of the crew drowned ; the captain and one man were Eaved, and arrived at Port Stephens. The schooner Friends was lodt on Tuggeiah beach ; crew saved. A tele- gram liom Newcastle, July 14, sayB : " The sea last night waa breaking clear over the gap into Watson's Bay. The gale, which blew all day yesterday, continued until day- break, but is now moderating. The sea j breaking over Bondi Heud WUB heard dis- tinctly above the roarlDg of the wind. The I wnveB daBhcd right over the top of Middle Head, according to the Government astro- nomer's calculation, the wind travelled at the rate of sixty-one miles per hour, and its force were equal to 191b. per square foot." Some of the results of the gale are recorded as follows in a telegram "giving the particulars of the observations taken on board the steamer Grafton of the coast line between Port Stephen and the Clarence Biver on the 18th inst. When off South Crowdy a floating spar was Been, and on examination it appeared to be a schooner's mainmast. Although the spar was floating, it is supposed to be still attached by some of the gear to the hull. At a spot five miles to the south of Manning Biver fragments of a wreck were Been on the beach. About five miles to the north of the Mac- quarie Biver, the schooner Woodpecker was seen high and dry on the beach, having evidently been run ashore to save her from foundering; the captain was drowned, but three of the crew were saved. The Mac- quarie shore boat was destroyed by the force of the flood waters coming down the river. Near South Smokey a vessel, supposed to be an iron vessel, is reported by the blacks to be ashore; the fate of the crew is uncertain. The Sarah Barr is ashore at Trial Bay ; she aleo was beached. The Macleay Biver ia flooded, and has caused great "desti- tution. The channel IB indescribable. The Ballina and Fire King are unable to enter tho river. At Pumbucra the Slippery Charlie was wrecked, and eleven passengers and six of tho crew were downed, only one man being saved. The blacks report that they burled the bodies of a woman and two children which were washed ashore from this wreck. A topsail schooner is ashore inside of Call'a Island. Her cargo, which was cedar, is piled up on the beach." A public meeting held in Sydney on July l8, in answer to a call from the mayor to take step3 to relieve the sufferers by the recent wrecks, was crowded to excess. The Bum of £320 was collected In the room. The meeting appointed committees to collect and receive subscrip- tions, and to inquire into the merita of any cases of distress that may be reported. THE SHIT BADEN,-Bumours of au alleged serious mutiny on board the ship Baden, bound from London to Melbaurne, which put into King George's Sound three days before \ the arrival there of the mailship Bombay, have been circulated in Melbourne ; but as most of the more important particulars ap- pear to be contradicted, we lay before our readeiB a statement of the facts which have leached this city. They are contained, rirBt, in a letter from the captain to his agents hare, Messrs. W. Crosby and Co. ; and secondly, in a statement made by an excellent authority to Mr. D. Moffatt, secretary of the Southern In- surance Company, which has a heavy lien on the ship. The letter runs as follows:-"King Geoige's Sound, 0th July, 180G. Messrs. W. Crosby and Co., Melbourne. Dear Sirs,- The Baden is in King George's Sound, in distress, with loss of sails and spars, and also leaky. Must lighten the ship and make repairs. What is to be done with the cargo ? Will you fur- nish fundB for repairs ? They will not amount to much. Havo not bad a survey yet, the weather being so bad. I think the cargo will be much damaged, as the ship ia doaper than when I left London. Please answer by return of mail what I had better do with the cargo. I forgot to Bay that the chain bolts started on both sides of main and mizen rigging. We will have to take out cargo to get to them. Do not fall to answer, and oblige your most obedient, J. STILPHEN, master. Please send all letters belonging to me, or ad- dressed to ship's name." This is every word of the written communication, and not one syllable referB to any mutiny. Still there appears to have been something like a mutiny. . The vessel, it would eeem, was seventeen days off the entrance to the Sound, apparently unable to make the heads out, when a boat's crew was sent ashore, the port discovered, and a pilot obtained. On arrival the captain complained to the authorities that some of his men had been guilty of mutiny, and accordingly the four or five men of the crew (the Baden is a ship of 1,200 tons, and carries a crew of twenty-five or thirty men) were arrested without any trouble, and put into prison. They admitted that they had disobeyed orders, but justified their conduct on the ground that the captain was always going about drunk, carrying fire- arms, and issuing unreasonable orders. This statement has some corroboration in a rumour reported by Mr. Moffatt's informant to the effect that during the voyage 140 cases of beer had to be thrown overboard to lighten the ship. When Mr. Moffatt's informant left the Sound, nothing had been done with the men in prison, and all tho apparent damage sus- tained by the vessel was the loss of some spars and tho starting of the chain bolts. During the three days which elapsed between the arrival of the Baden and the departure of the informant in question, no pumpa appeared to have been uBed on board, and no survey called for. GOLD SHIPS WHICH) HAVE SAILED SINCE OUR LASlj SUMMARY. Tbo following is a list of Iho ships' taking gold which have sailed hen co slnco he publication of our 1 ast summary, together with tbi quantities and destina- tions :- * . I Date or Sailing. Ship. cstlnation. Ountea. 1860. June 28 June 28 June 30 July July 14 July 21 July 20 Ellora Yon Yangs Dover Castlo Reigate Moravian .. Yorkshire City of Adelaide .. Olio . Sdney , lindon . lindon . fjndon . linden, Sdney , 85,885 i 41,176 30,200 35,837 20,465 15,16? The total amount of gold eported from the colony since the beginning of the ycr la 1,001,627 ounces of which 186,244 ounces werofranshlppod from New Zealand. During tho corrqwndlng poriod of tho previous year tho cntiro uantity exported waa 951,069 ounces, and of this ttal 80,268 ounces nero from Kew Zealand. I PORT OF MEBOURNE. (7H0U MB BTLL F SSTKT. ) IMPOXTS AHD EXPORTB ?OR 'EKE ESDWO JOLT 21. For b., read bushels ; c, cw ; g., gallons ; p.. nací-, agoa; f., feet; t" toj; bs., bottles. Apparel and slops, £ 1U8 p.5742 Arms, &c; Arms, 4 p. .. 144 Fuse, 22 p. .. 25B Powdor, 2199521b 7854 Shot, 10 t. 4 c. .. 811 Arrowroot, 44S01b. 140 Bags and sacks, 87 p. 1768 Beer Bottled, 10619g. Draught, 5450 g. Books, 104 p. Boots and shoes, 158 p. Bran, «Ob. Brasswarc, lip. Brushvrare, 10 p. Butter, 27811 lb. .. Candles, 00250 lb. Canvas, 20 p. Carpeting, 8 p. Cart materials .. Cheese, 131381b. .. Cbinaware, 2 p. Freo, 1 p. .. Clocks, Sp. Coal, 1713 t. Cocoa and chocolate, 47041b. Coke and fuel, 40 t. 6 c. Confectionery, 6692 lb. Cordage, 2 t. 2 c.. Corks, 67 p. Cotton picco goods, 316 p. Colton waste, 1 p. Cotton wick, 2 p.. Curiosities, 1 p. ., Cutlery, 1 p. Drapery picco goods, 46 p. Drugs, 165 p. DruggistB' ware, 60 2520 810 1938 3766 4 078 12U 2578 2933 1170 371 83 909 10 4 72 2259 225 10132 477 1030 1055 SOSO 20274 112 33 800 2984 Earthi-nwarc, 835 p. Egirs, 25 p. Fancy goods, 4 p. .. Fish Fresh, 32 p. Preserved, 00171b. Salted, 235 c .. Flour, 6361. 2 c. Fruit Bottled, 800 lb. .. Dried, 50S8 lb. .. Do., currants, 204241b. Do., raisins, 3139 lb. Green, 1600 b. .. Furniture, 10 p. .. Free, Op. Glass Bottles, 50 p. Plate, 50 p. Glassware, 22 p. Grain Barley, 94 b. Beans and poas, 22 b. Maize, 10921b... Malt, 3100 b. .. Oats, 3022 b. .. Bice, 3198 c. .. AVhcat, 67118 b.. Grease, It. Grindery, 4 p. Guano, 25 t. Haberdashery, 65 p. Hairdresser»' mate- rials, 4 p. Hardwaroand iron- mongery, 2200 p. Hats, caps, and bon- nets, 118 p. Hay, It. 10 c. .. Holloware, 14 p. .. Hops, 4788 1b. .. Hosiery, 62 p. Instruments Musical, 3 p. Scientific, 8 p. .. Iron Bar and rod, 172 t. Oc. Galvanised, 117 t. le. Pig, 781.10 c. .. Plate, lOt. 18 c. Pipes, 43 t. 13 e. AA'Iro, 30t. Sheet, 67 t. 16 c. Undcscrlbed, 10 c. Isinglass, 2 p. Jewellery, 1 p. Do. (free), 1 p. .. Load, 11. 9 c. Leather, 3 c. Lcatherware, 3 p. Do., patent, 1 p. Linen piece goods, 43 p. Live stock Horses, 25 So. .. Pigs, 17 No. .. Miscellaneous, 14 No. Macaroni and ver- micelli, 336 lb. .. Machinery, 690 p. Marble, 42 p. Matches and vestas, 381 p. Mats and rugs, 8 p. Millinrry, l8 p. .. Miscellaneous arti- cles, 207 p. ... 17S0 Nails and ecrows, lit. 6 c ,.,391 Oilcloth, Sp. .. ISO Oilmen's stores, 1327¡ p. .. «inicod, 622 g. .. Jndcscrlbed, 2760 Chum, 124 lb. '.'. Pints, te., 51.10 c. Pperhangtngs, 69 p. P»rl barley, 0 t. Oc. .. Pisonal effects, 8"p. Potographic goods, JP. Pies, tobacco, 1 p. P.nts, 0 p. .. P.tedivarc, Sp. .. P.atoes, 28 t. 7 c. ftscrves, 4614 lb. Pntlug materials, 1 P Pjvlsions »reserved, 4311 ]b. Trcsh, 121. io a.. alted. Se. lo., bacon, 5431 lb. .. ,# lo., beef, 5 c. .. >o., ham, 1771 lb. Rlway» Materials Sidles and barnes«, 8ldlory, 1 p, St, 29 t. 7 c. S«\<¡0i>. .. 883 Spchandlery, 20 p. 237 S<s, i7 p.2436 811a, 900 No. .. 50 Stos, 60000 No. .. ftyj Sbcie, Gold ,. 35000 Siclnions Natural aistory, 3 p. .. Hrits Brandy, 20 g. ,, Perfumed, 23 g... Other, 44 g. ,, 9it peas, 2 r. Swch,7810 lb. .. ätioncry, 450 p. bel, 26 t. 8 c. .. ¡one, grindstones, ioNo. .. .; ¡gar, undescribod'. ».jin« ' £. 100 800 325 170 583 46 100 147 232 141 755 133 400 150 202 15 25 129 43 137 6755 1042 l8 3310 c. '.How, 13 t. 'a, 5780 lb. 'jnbor Deals, 9 No. 6335 500 657 22 Palings, 18075 No. 120 Sawn, 60000 f. .. goo Shi ogles, 15000 No 10 Spars, 00 No. .. loo Miscellaneous .. 01 11 toll, 5 p. .. 3o nware, 15 p. .. 73 bbacco, 34 lb. .. 2 bols and utensils ¡8P-" .. .. 2Í py».2 P. 31 Hiraery, 1 p. ., 33 Mrpentine, 100 g. 25 («ine, 11.16 c. .. 136 rarniih, 678 g. .. 313 rlnegar, 000 g. .. loo Milling, 881. 7 C. 468 Vlckorware, 3p... 30 i'ine Sherry, 358 g. .. 270 Undescribed, 130 g. 63 Voodeuware, 11 p. 131 Vool, 16301b. .. loo Voollcn Piece goods, 162 p. 12035 Blaukets and rugs, Sp. 139 125 WARBUOUSED. Apparel and slops.. 2188 8276 Beer Bottled .. .. 1400 4207 Draught .. .. 1890 Ü Boots and shoes .. 2385 86 Brmhware .. .. 82 414 Butter .. .. 80 348£ Candles .. .. 7600 Chicory .. ,. 30 It Fish, preserved .. 184 i\ Fruit Bottled .. .. 207 ?Dried currants .. 100 Grain Malt .. .. 230 Rice .. .. 11 Hats, caps, and bonnets .. .. 5310 Hops .. ,. 543 Hobiery .. .. 1602 Leatherware ,, 13 Oilmen's storos ., 643 Opium .. ., 3810 frovlsions Preserved .. 61 Salted, bacon .. 910 Do. beef .. .. 30 Do. lum .. .. 430 Salt. 100 Silks. 350 Spirits Brandy ., .. 2S41 Geneva .. .. 28 Old tom .. .. 165 Perfumed .. 48 Kum .. .. 1512 AVhlakey.. .. 1045 Other .. .. 208 Starch .. .. 38 Sugar, undescribod 1730 Suet. 10 087 70 1370 '2307 Tea Tobacco Clgara .. Vinegar AVlne Port Sherry .. Undcscrlbed 14ÍO 2640 835 222, 1041 2687 825 Total Imports ..£271131 Apparel and slops (tree), 6 p. ..' Arms, &C.-; j ArmB, 2 p. .; Capí, 1 p. .', Fuse, 1 p. ., Powder, 2501b.. Shot, 12 c. Bags and sacks, 411. Beer Bottled, 1023 g. 1 Draunht.OlOOgi Freo l8 g. - Biscuit, 380 lb. .. Books, 7 p. .. Boots and shoes, Sp. Free, 76 p. |. '. BraBiwarc, 1 p. Bricks, 100 No. '.. Brushware, 1 p. '.. Building materidB Butter, 2376 lb.;.. Candles, 17501b... Carts, 1 p. Carriago materais Cask«, empty,10(No. Chaff, It. l8 c. .. Coffco, 7340 ¡lb. .. Confectionery, 9Slb. Free, 224 lb. '.. Copper, 11.2 c. Cordage, It. 141... Cotton waste, S' p. Doora, 62 No. Drapery, 48 p. .. Drugs, 23 p. Earthenwaro, 1 p. Fancy goods, 1 p. Fibre, cocoanut, 11. Ile Fish Preserved, 10 c and 1281b. .. Free, 1018 li. .. Salted, 0 c Flour, 39 t. li -. .. Fruit Dried, 1 case, 674 lb. Co,, currants, 7611 lb. So., raisins, 1811 lb. Green, 20 b. Furniture, 35 p. .. Glass, plato, 1 p. .. Glassware, 19 p. .. Gold, 17176 oz. 10 dwt. .. Grain Barley, 1000 b. Beans and peas, 20 b. Bice, 5 b. Ile .. Do. (free) 10 c Wheat, 10 b. .. Guano, It. Hardware and Iron- mongery, 681 p. Hides, 164 No. Holloware, 28 p. .. Hop«, 700 lb. Iron Bar and rod, 1 t. 7 c. .. Galvanised, 10 t. 6c. Sheet, 16 c JO.TOHTS, £ 15 1632 165 IG 82 Iron- i Undescribod, 8t. le. 112. Indlarubbor, 6 p. .. IO Instruments, musi- cal, 1 p. Leather, It. 12c... Machinery, Op. .. Maizena, 14001b... Matches and vestas, 6p. Moal, oat, 12 c .. Miscellaneous ar- ticles, 81 p. Molasses and treacle, 210 c .. Nails and screws, 2t. 15 c. Nuts, 2211b. Oil Colza, 600 g. Kerosene, 2061 g. Olive, 5 g. Undoscribod,48g. 370 00 20 05 15 218 181 or 3 125 641, 13 Olluaen'sstore«, 130p. 117 Free, 100 p. .. ""* Poarl barley, 10 c. Personal effects, 3 p. Pipes, tobacco, 20 p. Potatoes, 30061b... Provisions Preserved, 10081b. Fresh, 51. Quickiiiver.lbot... baddlery, 1 p. .. Salt, 7 t. ... .. Bashes, 30 pairs .. Seeds, IS P. Shipchandlery, 7 p. Skies, 125 No. .. Soap, 16228 lb. Specie-Gold Spice;, Op. .. Spirits- " Brandy, 2801 g... Geneva, 02! g. ?. Old tom, l8 g. .. Bum, 241 g. . . -? Undescribed, 115 g. 205' Stationery, 0 p. ?> »» Sugar- .. lteflnod.lOc. .. SO Undcscrlbed, 236 bag« and 328 c. lug Suet, 4001b. Sulphur, 2 c Tea, 191251b. Timber Deals, 262 No. . Sawn, 8000 C .. Tobacco, 172761b. Cigars, 1 case and 4221b... .. Tools and utensils, 17 p. VarnUb, lg. Vinegar, 136 g. .. AVlne Port, 1052 g. .. Sherry, I67le. Light, 62g. .. "00. Undescribed. 378 g. 1122: (Free) 24 g. .. " Wool, 42298 lb. .. 3175 Woollen piece goods, 2p. .. .. Zinc, 15 c .. 430 1* 115 20 .109' 49 151 14 44 13 8. C5. 70 30 , 226 , 20080 .. 21 118Ï 15Î 8 C7 10 10' 1067 03' 102 1536 173 6i: 5 27 376 705 51 115 22 Total exports ..£116317 I-rinted and publinhed hy Hnait GUM», rt *.» AKOUB Office, Collins-street, Melbourne, for Wit*» and MACKUtKOrt, proprietors. 