IMMIGRANTS PER HOUGOUMONT. The following is a list of the names of file passenger on board the Hougoumont, which sailed from Plymouth on 9th June: — James, Ellen, John, and Ellen Dinan, Wm, Mary and Mich. Fitzgerald, Denis and Lucy Hebir, Wm. and Anne Hayes, John, Bridget, Jeremiah, Bridget, and James Meany, Mich., Honora, Thos., and John Magee, Tunotuy, Johannah, Margaret, Johannah, Mary, and Bartholomew Moloy, Daniel and Pat Body, Pat Crowley, John Cahill, Tuos. Conway, M. Cunningham, James Outran, Martin Carney, Mich. Clune, Pat Cor coran, James Carson, Thomas Dngan, Anatin Davoran, John Donohne, John Davies, Michael and James Dobbin, Simon and Thomas Dullard, Patrick and John Fitzpatrick, John Flanagan, James Fennessy, George Galvfn, John Gulligan, Michael Grimes, William Glacken, Michael Guerin, John Galligan, Denis Hennessy, Michael nod John Hand, James Heays, Thomas Wngn.ii, John Hartjgan, Thomas HiU, Michael Kain, Patrick Kearney, Patrick Lahiff, Patrick Leo, Denis Lyons, Patrick Mclnemey Mathew Uurthack, Martin McMahon, John Maktny Thomas Murphy, John McNamara, Michael McMahon, John Meredith, John Martin, Thomas HcGuire, James MsJier, John Moran, Denis Malony, Philip Magnira. BemardMcEvoy, MicbL Maber, Pat. and Austin Nestor Michael O'Kile, Pat. O'Brien, Mat. and Jno. O'BaUoi?D, James O'Donnell, John O'Connor, James Quinn, Dennis Quirk, James Quinn, John Meagher, lnA^l Reidy, Anthony Roony, John Babbett, lnA^l Rabbett, Jeremiah, David, John, and Daniel Ryan, Jolin and Michael Kelly, Daniel Bied, James Ried, Edmund Setright, James Scanlan, Pat SUttery, John Smith, Michael Teacey, Alexander McLean, John i McLeod, Alexander Wilson, Mary Bergan, Mary, Mary, and Catherine Canny, Ann done, Bridget and Mar garet Culliney, Ellen and Eliza Conneu, Bridget Dillon, Catherine Dnndon, Mary Davoran, Marr Dowling, Mary Dooohue, Mary Dullard, Jane Edwards, Jnlia Foley, Anne Hpkier, Honor*, Catherine, and Mary Haren, Hann.fi Karney, Mary and Winifred Kiely, Mary Lyons, Catherine Murphy, Margaret and Bridget Maenainara, Bridget Murphy, Catherine McMahon, Mary Moore, Bridget Murray, Jnlia Mahoney, Mary, Michael, Bessy, and Jeremiah Maher, Harriet Murray, Harguet Malony Mary and Margaret McGongh, Esther Martin, Mar garet Mitchell, Catherine Mulling, Mary and Honora ' Nestor, Annie Nolan, Margaret O'Connor, Bridget, : Honora, Mary, Margaret, and Catherine G'Haltonn, Johannah O'Donnell, Mary O'Connor, Bridget O'Brien, Honora Pilkutgton, Mary and Catherine Quintan, Mary Quirke, Bridget Rooney, EUea Roily, ! Johannah, John, and William Ryan, Catherine Sullivan, Mary Sharry, Margaret Stack, Cathe rine Smyth, Maria Sullivan, Bridget Smith, Mar garet Vaughan, Bridget Wright, Charles, Jane, Maud, and George Burton, Robert, Julia, William, Duncan, and Elizabeth Blair, Abraham, Hannah Elizabeth. Theresa, Abraham, and Hannah Carter, Richard, Sarah A., Henry, and John Cooper, Win., Elizabeth, and Emily Coe, John, Susan, Charles, Esther, and Albert Cook, Charles, Ann, and Margaret Campbell, David, Martha, and Jane Duncan, Gco., Mrgt, and JaneGna hame, John, Sarah, Sarah, Eighth., and Grace Lumpier William, Violet, Peter, William, Mary, and Duncan Martin, Charles and Isabel Moir, Andrew, Elizabeth, Robert, James, Agues, and Margaret Patterson, Adam, Ellen, Adam, and Helen Steadman, James, Margaret, Margaret, and James Thain, John Allan, James Booth, William Bryiuer, William Brewer, James Banks George and Henry Carter, Chas. Clarke, Win. Common! John Fraser, John Fonbester, James Fulton Edward Ferguson, Joseph Gtendinning, John Inwood, Frederick Listen, Norman McLean, John Mc?ea, Donald McCoag, William and James Moir, Angus MeColL • James and Alex. Martin, James and Robert McAra- ' Edward Smith, Albert Woolley, Alex. Wannan, Mary Tozer, Augusta Anderson, Mary Allan, Sarah Arthuraon Dorothy Black, Bridget Crothy, Eliza Carter, Robin* and Jane Caldwell, Mary Common, Elizabeth Cartoon, Jane Clarke, Theresa Duncan, Caroline Downing, Catherine Dalgleish, Mary and Agnes Dodds, Elizabeth Elstone, Sarah Flint, Isabella. Ferguson, Mary Glan ville, Susan Gwrge, Jeuiuua Glasgow, Mary and Ellen : Gray, Margaret Hayes, Elizabeth Hales, Jane Lavick, Ellen Moir, Matilda McAra, Matilda and Catherine McAra, Catherine Mauson, Catherine Mansoo, Isabella Smith, Charlotte Woolley, Jane Wright, Henry Ann, and Emma Knowles, Thomas, Mary, and Thomas Sanders, Isaac, Eliza, and Whicker, Henry Dunn, Maria, James, and Sarah Veysah, Sophia Thompson, William Hawthorne. Summary—Married men, 2C; married women, 28; single men, 121; single women, 109; children, from one to 12 years—boys, 25 ; girls, 21; children under one year—boys, 3 ; girls, 2. Total, 335, equal to 307 statute adults. Uuder the head " Finnias Vale" tiie Southern Argus says—" We are sorry to hear that the cattle disease has been introduced into this district. It is stated that a mob of cattle (about 60) started a few weeks ago from the vicinity of Gam Creek en route for some huge pastures in this neighborhood, and that 28 died during the journey, and 23 educe their arrival. This should be looked to immediately, as it is a very serious matter, particularly in a district where fanners do so much of their work with bullock-teams. The M<utk-La?w Express of the 25th June says-The rains aud stonus of the past week have not improved the prospects of the wheat crop, as mote straw will doubtless be the consequence, but very pro bably less com. Although favorable to the late grass lands, the wet has delayed havmalring in marry places that were ready and will cause some damage, unless there be extreme vigilance. As to spring corn, the advantages will be great The storms have also done some injury in France and Belgium, and neither of these countries can expect a large gathering of wheat, the rains of January and frosts of Nay having done harm, the former producing on minimally Luge crop of weeds. In Germany there are fewer complaints, and an average produce is looked for, unless the tramp of soldiers should desolate the fields; but tike wont accounts of all come from *i~^— mo lately oar principal source of supply in m time of dearth, and some write down the prospective deficiency of the coining harvest at 6ve millions of quarters. Let us hope that there is some inaccuracy here, or the next season may bring upon us some pressure in the high rates of corn. Diminished exportations, exhausted stocks, and die fearful commencement of war have everywhere spread their influence, and no foreign mar kets are now quoted cairn and dull excepting such as are shut up by military rule. The following were the current prices of British grain and flour in Hark Lane— Wheat, Essex and Kent, white, new 48a. to CDs. per quarter; do., do., do., red, new, 47a. to 555. ; Norfolk, Lincoln, and Yorkshire, ted, 475. to 555. Flour per sack of 280 lbs., town, households, 47a. to GOsT country, on shore, 40s. to 415.; town, households, 425.' to 455.; Norfolk and Suffolk, on shore, 39k, to 40a. Foreign grain—Wheat, Dantaac. mixed. SBa. to tin. old, extra, 625. to 065.; KonigsWT 64a. to «£ - extra, 60s. to G2s.: Bostock, 555. to 605.; fine. 60s. to 625.; Silesian,red,S2s.tosGs.; white, BGs. to 60k. - Poinera., Meckberg., and Uckermrt, red, old, 535. to S B-; £""*&***&': *? BU I. 8*- *"*«■*■« and Biga, 49a. to 825.; Danish and Holstera, nOfe. to 00a.; French, none; Rhine and Belgium, 64b. to 60s. - American, white, red winter, 54b. to 605.; spring.' 545\. to SGs.; flour, per sack, French, 41a. to 44sT- Spanish, p. sack, 41& to 45a. ; American, per bmrreL extra and double, 30b. to 325. 