IiATE TBLBGBAMS. | (From Sydney and Brisbane Papers.) j The Minister of Customs at Melbourne has -Issued a notice requesting all peraons requiring a refund of duties r to prefer their claims, paid under the r^ected tariff, excepting those who have taken legal ^proceedings against the Go vernment. . The 'Eliza,' from Tahiti, has arrived at Sydney, and reports that. a revolution: had: broken out . in the Island of JSaiatea. The people Had revolted against the lung, Queeb; Pomare's son. Fifty men of. the Royalist party were killed. The insurgents had Va nished the King and his officers ; and likewise ordered the' missionaries to leave the island. The American consul narrowly escaped being shot. The ' Palche,' from the west coast of ; Soutb: America, with a cargo of flour, brings the news i that, hostilities had ceased between- Spain and Chili, and that the blockade was at an end. Several vessels had sailed for the colonies with' cargoes of breadstpffs.- V '? The drought in the interior of New Sontti Wales still coutinues tolje very severely felt'. Several stations ou the Darling have been abandoned on account of at. Mr. Plunkett has resigned the. office of Attorney- General of New South Wales. The S. M. Herald states that Dunn, the bushranger, died- while undergoing an opera tion for the extraction iof the bullet in ids'r body. ; On Sunday (7th inst.), the Cooma mail was stuck-up at Nimity belle, near Cooma, when the - -horses as well as the mails Were taken. : - The published returns of the .revenue ' of New South Wales for the last quarter shows a marked improvement. They exceed the cor responding quarter of the previous . year by a quarter of a million. * The ' Altrevida' has arrived at Sydney with San Francisco advices to Jhe ,22nd November. Her cargo consists of 500 tons wheat* She reports wheat firm at ^2.^10 tier lOOlbs ; , flour, to $6 70c. Market firmj stocks light. The New SouthWales Legislative Assembly met again on the 9th. Mr. Parkes carried, by a majority of l5r a vote of censnra on the Ministry, on account ^ sthe appointment of Mr. Burdekin as Colonial Treasurer. - . A later telegram of the 10th states that Mr. Cowper had advised .the Governor to dissolve the Assembly, in consequence of the adverse vote. His Excellency iad asked until Tuesday to consider the propriety of this step. It was agreed by the Assembly, after 'along discus sion, to adjourn an til Tuesday next, to await his Excellency's decision. A later telegram contradicts the report of Dunn's death, and States that he was re covering. ? News from England has been received to November 10. The Confederate cruisiBi* ' Shenandoah' has been surrendered by her captain-to the British Government. The crew will be sent to. Ame-; rica to be tried. Tbe English Parliament has been further prorogued to November 23. The cholera is extending, and is now -raging fearfully in Palestine. A treaty of commerce has been concluded between Austria and England. The Danish Government have resigned. The French Government have decided . upon reducing the estimate for the army and naVy to thirty millions of francs. i The Austrian Government have signified their intention of adopting a free trade policy. The Fenians are showing a bolder front in America, and have established head-quarters in New York. They have threatened to advance upon Canada, and consequently the Govern- - ment have made all necessaiy preparations. . ' Th'e American troops are on the alert to pre vent a breach of neutrality., r The British Ambassador ' has been selected by the various parties interested to act as arbi- ? trator iif the dispute between the Columbian Government and the United States. . . Wertz has been hanged, . having .been con victed of committing barbarities to Federal' prisoners. He protested his innocence on the scaffold. ' Telegraphic advices from New York to the 15th November have been received. Georgia repudiated the State debt incurred in aid of tbe rebellion. Advices have been received that the cities ctf Hamburg, Bremen,, and .Berlin were Taising funds in aid .of the negroes; \- Tbe only brother of President Johnson was j dead, through the effects of a gun-shot wound. ? ' Mexican advices state that tbjB pro&pebtfc; of the liberal party there were in the ascendant. The Imperialist troops were being besieged at llatamonu Tbe liberals had captured: Mon terey. , New York advices to 20th N-^ember' state ' that' tbe - Shenandoah h ad been TBurrendered to the AmenCan Consul on the 10th. Thjb tain-abd crew were set at liberty. ' '? ^£°i^ENS&to; cut cedar andpine was granted to J. Barbly; and to cut hardwood, to Dennis O'Brien. Slaughtering licenses have been granted to H. Stoward, and John Hulyer. At the Municipal Council meeting yesterday it 0 was resolved that, during the . summer months, the Corporation men should work under the eight-hour system; three hours' rest to be allowed the men in the middle of the day. At a sitting of the Gourt-of Petty Se suras* held on Tuesday last, Messrs.- Ubr and Davidson presiding, District Auctioneers Licenses were granted to F. Bryant, W. I. Inman, J. Purser,^. E. N. Tooth, and Robert Graham, Jun. The license of Carpenters Arms was transferred from Edwin May to W. D. Picken. ? There is an impression amongst the German immigrants, we understand that they are harshly dealt with by employers of labor here in not being allowed holidays when their English iellow-Tvorkmen are, 4nd that the Court affords them no protection against what is styled, ' this injustice.' We have made in quiry and find no ground for such grievance -exists. It is theTule where a large number of laborers are employied to allow the men the proclaimed holidays if a majority of them »wish it, the amount of their wages being re duced by the value of the time lost, and no distinction is made between Englishmen and Germans. If it were otherwise the Court Would be obliged to uphold the right of em ployers to make what 'distinction they please in . the hours of work as well as the wages be tween one workman and another, though it might be inexpedient to do so. All the Court j have to do with is the simple agreement, and to punish for any breach of it brought before : them. Both at the Maryborough Sugar Estate and at the Union Saw Mills, where a large number of Germans are employed, there seems , « to be a misapprehension on these matters, and ?the employers have had to summon men for taking holiday withont permission given, the ^defence set up being that their English fellow, workmen had a holiday, which is true, but the English laborers lose a day's pay for every day lost, terins which were refused by the Germans. ? We want more rain, the farmers say- — and there is every prospect we shall have it ; fine feiitilizing showers have falletf during this week, and nature, as if by a miracle,1 appears decked in its living green. We hope the fears of those who said the rain would come too late to do the growing crops any good, have not been verified ; for if not too late, the weather must be ijow all that farmers can wish. . Br our advertising columns it will be seen that a. church will be opened to-morrow at Dundathu. We have no doubt there will be a good muster of townsfolk present. The church has been erected by Messrs. Pettigrew and Co. for the men engaged on their establishment to worship in on Sabbath- days, and for a school house in the week but 'we must reserve all particulars until we give our account of the opening. : A short time ago two men exhibited in Gayndah samples of quartz they alleged to be gold-bearing,' which they had brought from a reef' they, bad discovered about fifty miles from that place. A meeting was held, and (we now quote from the Burnett Argus of the 6th inst.) 'the men we have referred to obtained an im plied promise from, the meeting that if they procured a larg^ sample of stone, by 'the aid of .which some more definite-estimate of the re sources of the stated reef could be arrived at, the people of the town would then— if the affair sejemed fekslble'-^jirobably be willing to come forward and subscribe a! capital either to fit out atid maintain an efficient prospecting party or the otherwise developing of the ' gold field.' rGn this the men departed^^and have since returned -with a very large quantity of stone, as: a sample. This stone can be seen here in town,' and there is no doubt whatever that it is 'gold-bearing- quartz: there is gold interspersed throughout it — fine gold; but to the initiated in the matter of quartz-crushing it appears: pretty evident that a ton of such stone would yield at least five ounces of the precious metal, and this . brings us to. the subject.' - A Government Gazette extrabrdinaiy has .been issued, containing the general rules made under the District' Courts Act' of T858 and the Amended 'Act -of, 1865. The rules have been drawn up by Edmund Sheppard, Esq., Charles William Blakeney, Esq., and George Long InnesJ District Court Judges, and approved by their honors the Judges of the Supreme Court of Queensland. Among other items in connec tion with the working of the new Act is a scale of fees to be paid to barristers and attor neys, also the expenses to witnesses. The Courier says : — 'Bad news has been telegraphed from Dalby. 'The Leichhatdt Search Expedition, to a certain extent, has failed. The men have been at ^death's door from want of water, and two of those who left Melbourne only a few months ago under the most favorable circumstances,- have arrived in Dalby, bringing: with them a long account of disasters. The leader of the Expedition has proved himself a true man, as, according to our telegram, he is now at Cooper's Greek with two white men, one Indian, and his camels. Per chance the expedition may yet be carried out successfully, ' notwithstanding the unexpected check to its progress which is recorded.' .The following is the telegram referred to : — ' Dalby, January 9.. Dr. Murray,, one of the members of the Leicbhardt Exploring Expedition, has returned to Wallumbillah station. He reports, that all the party natrowly escaped dying from thirst on their amval at Cooper's Creek. The party is now broken . up. Mr. M'lntyre is | there with two whites, ^-ne Indian, and twelve camels. All the horses died. Two of the members of the Expedition arrived in Dalby to-day. ' Dr. Murray will be here next week.' By proclamation in' the Government Gazette, an . addition lias been made, to the unsettled I pastoral districts of Queensland. The whole of York's peninsula, with the exception of that portion immediately adjoining the town of Somerset (about sixty miles inliehgth'ahd forty in breadth), has been formed into the pastoral district, of Cook. This new district takes in the Gilbert River, but leaves the' Burdekin to . the south; it extends from 'Cape Grenville in; the north to Tam.O'ShanterVs Point on the' -south, and Contains apparently- about 80,000 square miles. To the south-west of this is the new district of Burke, south' of the Gulf of Carpentaria, and including the Plains of Pro-! mise, and the 'Flinders arid* Albert Rivers, bounded on the west by the boundary of the; colony, south by the ,21st parallel, and east by. tbe south-westeim watershed of the Albert ' Ri ver, and a line running thence to. the, head of ' tbe Flinders. The area of this district lis about equal to thatof -the district of Cook. Altera^; tions are also proclaimed in the boundaries of tbe Warrego. . . The Speaker has issued his writ for a new election for the Mitchell, to supply, the vacancy caused by; the immaculate Jones's acceptance of the pieces of silver.' The nominationis fixed for the 16th proximo, and the polling for the -19th. The Guardian informs n's that there are no less than four Richmdnds in the field, viz., Mr. - Dutton . (who was defeated last time by a fluke), Mr. John Fraser, ' Mr. William .Fairfax, arid Mr. P. O'Sullivan. We could add, oT our own knowledge (to the jist of -those who would' like jto go in), the foUowipg;— Jlr- C, F. .Chubb, Alderman Clnne, rand gingJJohn. - We can hardly think that Mr. O'SjiHivan, who has such a horror ^of the J^presentation of sheep and bullocks, will come ' forward toi this extrpmely bucolic Electorate; and we regret to see the' name of Mr. Fairfax mentioned. ' For our own part, tbere being no electoral roll,' we intend tb assert' our right, among the ' country copula tives/' and vote for Chubb. — Q. Tims* Fbom a contributed article in the Burnett Argus, entitled ' Grumbles on passing events,' We take, the following on - the state of the roads in the district, which endorses in full the complaints' we find our correspondents have frequently made of the vicious system under which oar roads are at present being con structed and maintained: — It is a curious thing to reflect on, that with all the money that has been voted for this road that still the proprietor of the new mail coach, on seeing the road, has been obliged to ask for an extension of time. We do grumble at the utter waste of money that has been, and is still being wasted on this road, and we always will grumble when we see or hear of the public money being squandered. Look at the numbers of bridges improperly built that have either tumbled in, been swept away by floods, or burnt down ! Again, look at the works you see along the road that 'have been abandoned, either because it was afterwards found out that they were not required, or because, at the outset, the locality was improperly surveyed, and a better place was found afterwards. There must be something radically wrong in the way the roads are managed. Surely, what between working overseers, clerks of works, and the head of the office, there ooght to be enough to see that the works are performed in a proper manner. Is it that those who are in charge of the different works are incompetent ; or is it that the system of the Government performing their own work does not answer, and that on account of its expensiveness the work has to be what is vulgarly called ' slopped ' to show any progress (!). Tbe time has come when there must be some material alterations made in tbe management of our roads in general. At present those in charge know little as to which are the places that require improvement, and they care less to go to those who do know for information. They see a creek, and immediately think it must be bridged, whether it requires one or not. Two questions come prominently before ns while discussing this question, — the one whether it is not time for us to agitate for a railway, so as to prevent this perpetual waste ; the other, whether the Police Districts should not be formed into Municipalities, and the care of the roads thrown into their hands. We will leave the subject for the present, hoping soon to be able to renew it. The whole of the coastline of the colony, three miles in breadth, bounding the pastoral districts of North and South Kennedy, Burke, Cook, and North Cook, are reserved for public purposes, and excluded from pastoral occupa tion. Wab seems to have been again declared between the Government and the first con tractors for the Southern and Western Railway, the latter having yesterday been notified that the first section, namely, from Ipswich to Bigges' Camp, was taken out of their hands. Thei alleged reason for this summary proceed ing is that tbe line is not yet properly ballasted. The original contract includes the obligation, on the part of the contractors, to keep the line in good working order for. twelve months after it is opened. We cannot but regret these con tinual bickerings 'between the Government and Messrs. Peto and Co. No one who drank the champagne of the latter in July last, and listened to the commendatory remarks passed on the contractors, could have anticipated such a result. We begin to fear that there must ultimately be an appeal to the Courts by the contending parties, and shall, therefore, in the meantime offer no remarks on the points in dispute. — Queensland Times . ' Castledbi.akf.wey,' writing to the editor of the Daily Leader, says: — 'I trust your multifarious duties — that's the orthodox phrase I believe— are not preventing you from taking notes of the doings of, the Government at this momentous moment. 'Tis. rather a ticklish time with them— and as Parliament has to meet; for some undiscovered reason, sooner than heretofore, it will not be safe for them to allow the. grass to grow under their feet. Strange to say, I was almost at a Cabinet meeting the other day. Had I been quite there, as my deserts fully entitle me on all oc- . casiohs to be, I should not have thought of narrating. the proceedings. Sir George is an extraordinary chap at those affairs ; he talks so fast, and tries back so much, that one need not wonder at the settled, the pre-arranged, the ludicrous indifference with which Herbert and Maealister treat his observations. Lilley is nobody at these meets yet ; he smiles endors ingly . when his. Excellency is committing him self, end smiles again profoundly when the astute ' Mac* is checkmating Sir George. Herbert (and does not his head look most beau tiful on such occasions ?)— ah ! Herbert is the man. His optics are shut when Sir G. will jabber his . hands are clenched when his Ex ceiiencj win not oeiraj common sense, or the power of stopping his wonderful, tongue; his smiles again re-beautify that marvel of a cranium whenever he begins to admit that which he does not mean., to allow; and — but where am, I off to; my desire was to draw your attention to the plans— duly advised at a Cabinet meeting— for preparing for the coming session. As per agreement— as per afireement, remember, and mark tbe business phraseology. Herbert is to lay himself out for .captivating the few terrible' men left on the Opposition benches ; with Douglas he takes tea every night ; Walsh he has called in to assist at his great work, viz., an impartial and full history of the colony under the regiwi6 of the first Premier. . They, ,H. and W., I regret to say it; are invariably together now — except tea time. To Maealister is entrusted the safe keeping . of -Miles ; R. J. S. and Mackenzie may be seen all the morning writing -letters to Roma, and all the evening at Kinellan ; Lilley is to shepherd the Brisbane flock, and may be seen daily with an almanac, an iron girder, or the Cduriir, or . Edmondstone before him— - and to him likewise is committed the very safe .keeping, of 'the young man from the | country.' In truth, not a little of . his time is taken -up in .instructing that Warwick amazon, for, and how to act for him. Entre nova, Maealister has been strictly forbidden to: have anything more -to do with Taylor. their doings on last session caused -some jealousy; It seems Bell is to be responsible for that chap, and has shown much wisdom and . fitness for the work. Already- he has ascertained from Taylor the day the Parlia ment is to meet—what the Government is to say — what routes and divergences all the railroads in the colony are to, take — where their termini are to be— what land has been brought into the- market— what reserves made —when it will be again necessary to prohibit the introduction ^, and competition of, . New South Wales'. Cattle; and, amongst other things, when the Parliament is to close. ' Haly has his quietus in an order to supply some genuine bred Beezas, warranted to overtake the Wild Scotchman ; . and the Northern Mem* ' b'er& are allotted to the inevitable -Bramstbn— 1- of oratorical rfame. Altogether, there .-is a pretty game agoing pn, which will need your vigilance' -and -your -capacity, - Mr. ^Editor, : tb upset. I , shall probably be at the aext Executive 'meeting ; btit this fact you need hot ?- make ' known; , -There is to be a deuce of-,# shine at. the next over those steamers. 1 Herbert wants, to charge them to the . Railway-. :; Department, ahd M&calister; would pay for - them out of. the Immigration Loan. .Bell suggesUL.thgy phould toss up for it; but the rivals won t agree to tbe sage advioe. t 