CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. By way of Auckland, we 'have advices from tl ft Cape to tbo 18th February. Provious dates wero to 14th December. It would appear that there is a great want of em ployment amongst the immigrants, and that the farmers are unable to pay sufficient wages to Europeans to enable them to support their families. The following is an extraot from the Cape Argus of that date, dearing on this subjoct : — ' What is to bo done with the unemployed is a question that seems difficult to answer. If profitable employment could bo found, there is no deubt but that tho Govern ment is bound to give it to them ; but from the present state of the colony thero is no prospect of finding profitable employment. The farmers can not afford to pay sufficient wages to Europeans to enable them to keep their families ; and while Cape Town has about 400 empty houses, stores and shops,, upon which taxes have to bo paid by the owners whether they receive rents or not, there is no pros pect of these men finding employment in building. Railways will not pay in this oolony, if we are to take tho Wellingtonline as a specimen. Tho Govern ment havo to pay £30,000 per annum because it will not pay ; £15,000 of this the landowners have to pay by a direct tax, £9000 of which is borne by landowners in Cape Town and district. They oan not bear any further taxation to mako railways. The railway from Port Elizabeth to Graham's Town will cost at least a million of money ; and after the largo sum spent to open the Kowie — a port within thirty miles of Graham's Town, — is it likely that the colony will submit to be taxed to give Graham's Town two roads, while Graaff-Reinet and other important places have neither railway nor port ? The effeot of tbe railway to Graham's Town would be to throw out of employ ment all those persons who now Bubaist by carrying Lloads between Graham's Town and Port Elizabeth ; ' and if these are landowners, would they consent to have a direct tax put upon their landed property, to the extent of at least £30,000 per annum, in addition to wbatthoy would have to boar of the general taxation, for the purpose of destroying their means of living ? Under these circumstances, profitable employment cannot be found here for those Europeans that are out of work. The only remedy is to put them into a position to emigrate, by finding them a passago at the public expense. Let all those Europeans that are out of work enter their names at the town bouse, and stato their willingness to emigrate, pro viding Government provide them with a freo pass age. Then let the public sign a requisition to the Governor, requesting him to provide a passage for these men, promising to guarantee the amount ex pended, providing the Parliament refuse to vote the money.' The drought has inflicted a great deal of injury on the farmers. St. Helena. — The Danish mail steamer Sunda put into Table Bay, on Saturday, for coals ana supplies, and will leave again in a fow days. She is from Plymouth 8th Novomber, St. Vincent 25th November, and St. Helena 25th Dc» oember, bound to Batavia. By tho kindness of the captain, wo are favored with tho latest copies of St. Helena papers, from which wo mako tho following extracts : — On Saturday, the 16th December, the French barque Vaillant Basque arrived here, having on board Captain Dyer, chief and second officers, carpenter, boatswain, steward, and three others, being part of tho crew of the lato ship Simla, of Liverpool, from Calcutta, abandoned at sea on the 31st October last, in latitude 4 degrees north, longi tude 22 decrees east, in consequence of the vessel haviug caught fire. Captain Dyer and crew were taken from the abandoned ship by the Sovereign of India, from London for China, and beforo their arrival on board that vessel tho Simla was observed to be iu ilames, and hor masts had fallen ovor the side. Ou the 1st December the Sovereign of India fell in with tho French barque Vaillant Basque, of Bordeaux, and requested the mastor (Captain Gof) to take on board the distressed crow ; but being a smull vessel, and totally unprepared for such a request, tho master kiudly consented to take as many as he possibly could with comfort, which consisted of those who arrived in her.' — Cape Argus, January 16. 