CHRISTMAS DAY. The anniversary of the great Christian festival, on Wednesday, was celebrated in Melbourne in the manner which has as- sumed with us all the regularity of estab- lished custom. In the morning, religious services were performed in the various places of worship connected with the Anglican and Roman Catholic Churches, at which large audiences assisted ; and the customary festi- vities of the season were observed by all classes with as much heartiness as any time since the early settlers sat down to their first Christmas dinner in this colony, surrounded by the now almost extinct abo- rigines. The busy scene enacted on the previous evening at the Eastern-market, and in the shops of all the provision dealers, sufficiently showed the satisfactory circum- stances under which preparation was being made for that day on which " E'en from the peasant to the lord A turkey smokes on overy board " and to judge from the crowds of contented looking people who were to be seen bargain- ing for the classic sirloin and materials for the huge plum-pudding of the old, English Christmas dinnei, there has been no merrier Christmas spent here than that just passed. There were, no doubt, silvery voices, jolly songs, and festive boards, surrounded by brave company to grace the good cheer ; and let us hope, that in this lime of feasting and wassail the unfortunates in the various charitable institutions-who have spent merry Christmases to,o in their days of pro- sperity, were not altogether forgotten in the mansions of the rich. The day was somewhat cloudy and threaten- ing, and a smaller number of people than usual spent their Christmas in the open air, as Australians are wont to do. A considerable number of excursionists ventured out, never- theless; and a great many pleasure seckers betook themselves to the companionship of "the sad sea waves," at Queenscliff, Brighton, St. Kilda, and Schnapper Point. The parks and public reserves were rather thinly attended, and the river had little of a holiday appearance to show. The subur- ban railways were kept tolerably busy, but it was anything but a day of bustle and excite- ment, and the city was almost as quiet as on Sundays. Of Boxing Day, however-the Christmas holiday par excellence- there will be a very different story to tell. BOXING DAY. The first burst of the Christmas holidays is now over, and in a few days we shall have forgotten them, in favour of a little proper excitement about the New Year. Upon the whole, it has been very pleasant, although things promised differently. Christmas Day broke disagreeably: a hot wind lightly fanned us with an air that made the perspiration come out like beads on the forehead and weigh heavily on the lungs. As the good folks came out of church in the morning the wind shifted to the south, and the popular enjoyment was increased by at least 300 per cent. However the wealthier classes might have managed it, the poorer people, to whom holidays are rare, would have felt it keenly; and on them would have come the full force of the many temptations to drink in excess which the sirocco brings. The cool breeze continued throughout yesterday, which was one of the most beautiful days of the season, and consequently the chief out-door amusements of the day--the fête at the Zoological-gardens, the cricket match, and the review-were crowded with pleasure-seekers, who got what they looked for. It was thought by some, that our Christmas pleasures would be somewhat curtailed be cause of the money spent in receiving the Duke. If the fact be so, it has not appeared yet, and is only known to those whom it concerns. On every side all classes seem to have " gone in" for pleasure with unabated eagerness, and apparently with purses ordi- narily full. The reason of this is, it may be, that Victorians-at least those of Melbourne are gradually learning thriftiness, and find that they have in the past allowed their plea- sures to cost them a little more than they need. Be that as it may, the metropolis and the whole colony are making high holiday, and, it is to be hoped, thanking Providence for the weather that has made the Christmas of 1867 so delightful. We shall notice in de- tail a few of the more prominent events and amusements of the day. THE VOLUNTEER REVIEW. It would have been a great omission if the Prince were denied a sight of our volunteers in review, and so the authorities seem to have felt, by not holding the ordinary annual review on the racecourse on the Prince of Wales' Birthday this year, but postponing it till Boxing Day, when His Royal Highness would have an opportunity of seeing of what stuff our volunteers are composed, and they, nothing loth, get a full view of the most pro- mising member of the Royal family out of the direct line of succession to the throne. No pains have boen spared to give our men a chance to show their best, and they have taken the very fullest advantage of their opportunity. The most bitter enemy of the force-if it has a critic possessed of any such spirit-could not but admire their conduct yesterday, although no doubt their move- ments were frequently closely criticised, and perhaps condemned, by those whose opinions were indicative rather of courage than judgment. Doubtless, there were faults somewhere, but the Prince did not see them, or in his free-spoken way he would have men- tioned them, but it seems, on the contrary, that he was highly pleased. It is certain that a manifest improvement in the Volun- teer discipline becomes more and more visible from year to year, and never before have our men "marched past" in such a solid wall. We have seen greater crowds at the race- course on similar occasions, for yesterday there were not more than 5,000 people present; but those who went reaped their reward, and the lovely day, no less than the interest of the spectacle, must have afforded them the fullest enjoyment. Trains ran from Spencer Street to the Grand Stand, and also on the main line to the Footsciay embankment, throughout the morning, and coming and returning, there was no accident. The rail- way arrangements altogether call for high compliment in this respect, that as many as 170 horses wore conveyed to and fro without any mishap, and everything went as smoothly as could be. The review was to commence at half past eleven o'clock,' just before which time the Viceregal family reached the grand stand, and took their places. At first glance there was very little to be seen. On the heights above the Saltwater river one could just see lines of white cap covers and dots of red and grey, but no more; and the area of the course was bare. At about twenty five minutes' to twelve the signal was given, and then the review commenced. As at the last review in 1866, the proceed- ings were made to represent the operations of a force which, holding one side of the Salt- water river, desired to cross and advance in the face of an enemy (entirely supposititious on this occasion) in possession of the south-east side. For this, purpose the men had been brought from Melbourne by rail, and placed in different positions on the Footscray plateau, time being given that they might take refreshment immediately after their ammunition had been sorved out to them, and so be ready for action. The action was commenced by the Castlemaine and Sandhurst Rifles, under Lieutenant-Colonel Bull, being sent forward in skirmishing order, to occupy some rocky ground immediately overhanging that por- tion of the river at which it was desired to cross by means of a pontoon bridge to be built by the Engineers. At the same moment, the cavalry, with their battery, under Major Anderson, were ordered to move down towards the drawbridge (Lynch's), they being supported by a battalion of artillery acting as infantry under Lieut Colonel Mair, and the Ballarat Rifles, under Captain W. C. Smith. The grey rifles having taken up their position, three guns were fired, at quarter-minute intervals, from the forty pounder Armstrong battery as a signal for the Naval Brigade-who, with a number of boys from the training ship, manned some twenty boats (borrowed from H.M.C.S.S, Victoria, and various other sources), eight of which were armed with six-pouudcrs in the bows-and the engineers, who were afloat on their pon- toon rafts, ready to construct a bridge when the orders to do so came to them. The signal given, all got under weigh, the engineers at once commencing their work, and the boats their search for torpedoes and obstructions. As may be expected, they found several of both, and mines and torpedoes were fired, to the delight of the spectators, espe- cially the juveniles. The same signal was also obeyed by the field batteries of artillery, who, bearing it, moved forward on the heights, so as to command the river, and opened and kept up a constant fire, in order that the river operations might be undis- turbed. Simultaneously, with this movement of the artillery, the Light Horse crossed Lynch's-bridge, supported by the Ballarat Rangers and the artillery-infantry, and de- bouched on to the plain. At this point some- thing like a mistake occurred. The cavalry were to have taken up a position on the ex- treme right of the general position, with their own right thrown forward, tims forming a sort of ungle ; but, instead, they came too far to the front, and right under the fire of the boats, and also the artillery above. They had consequently to go back, for it was not worth while deranging matters further by ordering tho artillery to cease firing. As soon as the cavalry supports had crossed the bridge, they deployed into line on the 1st company of Colonel Mair's battalion, and opened into fire. By this time the pontoon bridge was completed, and the portion of the force which had not come over by the draw- bridge crossed by this new means; first Lieut. Colonel Bull's grey rifles of Castlemaine and Sandhurst, then Major Irving's red rifles, and then Lieut.-Colonel Champ's red rifles. As they crossed, each battalion formed columns, and deployed into line on their leading com- panies, so as to join in the line formed by the troops which had crossed before. Following the battalion last mentioned, a battery of field artillery under Captain Sargood, followed by another battery under Captain Strachan, also crossed by the pontoon bridge, and both formed on the extremo left of the whole line. The cavalry, which had been scouring the plain, charging and continually shifting its position in order to annoy the flying enemy, took up their position on the extreme right. The troops being now wholly in line, the idea of a supposititious enemy was abandoned, and review movements only practised. Next came the usual amount of firing, advancing in column, and so on, which was finished by a change of front, which brought the men exactly opposite the Grand Stand for the pur- pose of receiving the Duke in review order. It then appeared that the line was so long (for the volunteers were more numerous than ever before) that the cavalry and the artillery had to be formed in the rear of the right flank. The troops being thus in review order, with open ranks, gave the Royal salute to His Royal Highness, who, with the Governor and his suite, had left the field, and now remained opposite the Grand Stand. The ranks were then closed, and a line of con- tiguous columns formed, and the whole force marched past in quick time, the cavalry returning and passing again at a gallop. On returning from the saluting base to the parade line; lines of contiguous columns were again formed, and three cheers were given, the united bands (there were seven brigaded together) playing "God Save the Queen." Colonel Anderson came forward, and told the force that he was requested by the Prince to state that His Royal Highness thanked the men for their cheers, and was thoroughly pleased at the proceedings of the day. The review was then over. We regret to have to report a casualty. Thomas Hester, one of tho Naval Brigade in the boats, was loading a gun, and had his left hand on the muzzle when the explosion took place. The poor fellow had his left hand com- pletely blown off, and his arm dreadfully shat- tered. A cab was obtained, and he was sent off at once to the hospital, where he is doing as well as can be expected. It was thought best to send him into town at once, but there were ample means of treating him on the ground ns well. There were ambulance waggons in the rear for the surgeons, with their corps; and an hospital was established, under Staff-sur- geon Gilbee and Assistant-surgeon Garrard, in the grand stand. This was the only dis- agreeable circumstance connected with the affair, and the spectators on the hill as well as those on the grand stand (catered for by Messrs. Ellis and Hennelle), had every reason to_ find the day extremely agreeable. The Prince was on the ground the whole day. He looked very well, and wore the uni- form of a general officer of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, to the duchy of which he is next heir. It was this uniform which the Adelaide folks mistook for that of a colonel in the Prussian service. He was accompanied by the Go- vernor, Lord Newry, Sir Redmond Barry, Major Verdon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Haig, Lieu- tenant-Colonel Page, Lieutenant-Colonel Pitt, Major Baker, Mr. Rothwell, &c.; During a portion of the morning, they came up to the grand stand, where they were received by Captain Standish, Mr. Creswick, and Mr. Dougharty. The field officers in command were as fol- low : Staff.-Colonel W. A. D. Anderson, colonel commandant ; Lieutenant - Colonel Rede, brigade-major; Captain Stubbs and Captain Burton, staff captains ; and Major Spront, Major Learmonth, and Captain Dowling. Cavalry.-Major Bell, Major Anderson, and Captain Sherard. Naval Brigade.-Captains Fullarton and Elder, and Lieutenant Handheld. Field Artillery.-Major Krone, and Captains Sargood, Strachan, and Steel. Engineers.-Captain Parnell, (The tor- pedo firing party was under Sergeant Phelan.) First Battalion (GarrisonArtillery).-Majors Stewart and Raven. Second Battalion (Metropolitan Rifles), Lieut.-Colonel Champ and Major Martin. Third Battalion (Metropolitan Rifles). Major Irving. Fourth Battalion (Ballarat Rifles).-Cap- tain W. C. Smith. Fifth Battalion (Castlemaine Rifles). Lieutenant Colonel Bull. The following was the parade state of the force taken early in the day (it is believed fully 350 men joined afterwards) : Battalions, Ice. General St 17 57 17H Cav 17 143 1606G Naval Brigade. 8 265 8G Field Artillery14 461 2 20G Engineers 3 110 1st Bn Garr Arty 13 384 2H 2nd Bat. Metro R 7 486 3H 3rd do. 14 480 3H 4th BN Ball 8 385 4H 5th BN. Cast 10 374 3H 205 401 110 381 480 4BÖ ass 374 Total 3,256 194H 34g MANCHESTER UNITY ODDFELLOWS' SPORTS. One of the greatest scenes of attraction yesterday was the sports, held in the old Zoo loogical-gordcns, by tho Port Phillip and Col- lingwood districts of tho Manchester Unity of Oddfellows. This file always constitutes one of tho greatest features of the Christmas holidays ; but on this occasion the committee made arrangements for an almost impreca dentedly brilliant celebration. In tho first place, they obtained the use of the large semicircular platform erected for the gathering of the Caledonian Society. Tho platform is capable of holding upwartls of 3,000 people, and during the day was almost fally occupied. It is, perhaps, the only "grand stand" that bim been lately erected which has been well filled - a fact, no doubt, due to the very mode- rato fee charged for admittance. In the centre of this platform a largo box had been railed off and canopied, for the accommoda- tion of the Duko of Edinburgh, who had inti- mated his intention of visiting the ground. Unfortunately, His Royal Highness, ex- hausted probably with the fatigues of the review, was not able to fulfil his intention ; but the absence of Royalty in no way inter forcd with the success of tho gathering. The programme of amusements provided by the committee was very various. In the first place, a large " rotunda"-though why an oblong enclosure, with a Hooting of wood, should be called a rotunda, we aro ata fosa ter see-^luíd been erected for dancing. It Was 100 feet by GO, and was sufficient to accom- modate some hundreds of .couples. During the day this platform was largely, occupied, and although dancing in the heat of a summer sun is a somewhat trying amusement, it was cai ried on with uuflagging energy. The races and sports were also a great attraction during tho day, and were watched with in- terest by crowds of spectators. Some of the events weie well contested; and the racing' in j rinrticular diew forth several of the best runners in the colony. Then, in* addition to the dancing and races, there .was all the variety of amusements" incident to such gatherings. Every tree in the gardens was turned into a swing-post, and all over the grounds there were parties engaged at " kiss in- the-ring." Merry-go-rounds were plentiful and popular, and several Aunt Sallies received a large share of attention. For the specula- ' tively inclined there was an abundance of those pleasant little swindles so familiar on racecourses, but the polico were very severe on the "sportive gentlemen," and seriously injured their prospects for the day. One or two of the showmen tribe wero on the ground, conspicuous among whom was an exhibitor of tho " gi cutest natural curiosity of the day," from New Zealand. There was a representation of the curiosity outside-a bird with an enormous head and a ferocious looking tongue ; and the picture being pro- bably quite as attractive as the original, the showman did not seem to do a great business. There were upwards of 10,000 people ad- mitted at the gates, and the fete altogether was tho greatest and most successful over held in connexion with the Manchester Unity. The Oddfellows assembled at the Man- chester Unity-haU in Swanston-street at ? eleven o'clock, and marched with banners Hying to the scene of tho fate. Soon aftqr reaching the gardens the amusements of tho day were commenced, and kept up with un dimiiiishcd ardour till tho ovening, The races excited a great deal of interest, aiifl were generally well contested-a fact no doubt due to tho excellent handicapping df the committee. The 100 yards maiden plate, run in two beats, was won by Chali, with Parnell second. In tho half-mile handicap race, Higgins carno in first and Delahey second. The 200 yards race, for boys under fourtceenyears of age, was won by Gray, with bloody next. The 410 yards handicap hurdlie rucó was closely contested. Twdlvo coiri petitois started, and at the finish there was a capital race between Harris and Charles, resulting in the victory of Harris, with Challes, of course, second. The 440 yards flat race, open only to members of the M.U.I.O.O.F., was won by Crisp, with Lovick second. The 2Ü0 yards boys' raco, confined to the sons of members, was gained by Prentice, with Elliot second. The 200 yards three-legged race created, as usual, à good deal ot amusement, and resulted in Cahill and Macintyre coming in first, and Edwards and Chandler second. In the one mile walking match, Williams came in first, and Woodhouse second ; but Lyall, who came in fouith, entered a piotest against the win- ner on tho ground of unfair walking.' It was considered likely that tho committee would sustain the protest, In tho 150 yards flat race Harris caine in winner, with Ban-as next, The last race, a one mile flat race, was won by Higgins, with Ford second. In the running high jump there was a tie between Dunn and Cahill, and the tiist and second prizes were, consequently, equally divided between them. In the quoit match, the first riuk was won by Bundey and W. Sharp, and thb second'by Methven and A. Sharp. Sevoral other sports in the programme had to be postponed from want of time to carry thora oat. Mr. Crespin acted as starter, andSlessrä. Leech, Dickson, and Spudding as judges. I Towards evening a considerable number of tho visitors began to leave tho ground, but still a great many remained to take part in tlio amusements which were to be carried on at night. The rotunda was lighted up .with Chinese lanterns, and, under their dim and feeble light, dancing continued to be carried on till nearly ten o'clock at night. About nino o'clock there was a display of firo works, which was very brilliant and success- ful. The only novelty in the exhibition were fountains which weie discharged iii the la- goon, and which emitted brilliant and coloured blossoms. j An unfortunate contretemps occuned in connexion with the music. The committee liad ai ranged with Colonel Anderson and Colonel Champ for the Pentridge Riflo Band. The band marched with the Pentridgo Rifles to the station, on their way to tho review, and it was then understood thal they wero to pro- ceed to the Oddfellows' fête. In consequence, liowo cr, of some misunderstanding, they wet o ordered to goto Flemington. Some of thom refused, and wero placed under arrest ; and the remainder of the band, though they pro- ceeded to tho review, did not, we believe, play. Under these ciicumstances, tho com- mittee had to rely on the Sunbury Industrial School hand ; and it is but fair lo say that the boys did their best to supply tho absonco of the other band. BOTANIC-RESERVE.-THE CATHOLIC PIC-NIC. The sixth Catholic pic-nic took place yes- terday, in the Botanic-reserve, Domain-road, South Yarra. Early in tho forenoon the children attending the Roman Catholic Sun- day-schools in and around Molbounio, num- bering about 3,500, wero marshalled at the Eastern-bill, and proceeded to the scene of the festivities, accompanied by a band of music. As soon as tho young people arrived on the ground the entertainments were com- menced immediately. Several booths had been erected-some for the primary object of administering refreshments, others to servo as retiring-places for such of tho ex- cursionists as desired temporary relaxation from tho whirligig of excitement which was spiritedly maintained throughout the day. Every description of amusement, either to beguile the sedate composure of grown-up folk or the redundant jocundoy of their moro youthful neighbours, had been providod by the committee. One portion of tho ground was set apart for the giddy oxei eise of swings ; another for the disfigurement of the irropres siblo "Aunt Sally ;" heie you could "tryyour strength for one penny," or indulge in a sip of genuino "lemonade kali" for a similar consideration ; there you could havo danced yourself dizzy or passively suffered your corns to bo squeezed to pulp, i No breathing time was permitted to the conductors or managers of the soveral games. There were innumerable foot races for the male juveniles-a kind of amusement which the young rascals appeared to regard as a provi- dential forethought on the part of tho com- mittee. They never appeared to tiro, and the overwhelming number of entries for each event was sufficient to distract the patienco of any " crack " starter. The clerk of tho courso on these occasions was tho Rev.'Father Barry. A hurdle race, opon to all amateurs, was well contested ; but the committee would have exercised better judg- ment by excluding one or two of tho so called amateurs. Curing the celebration of theso annual festivities-which arc so closely connected with the enjoyments of school children-competition for prizes in the various games should be confined to the little people alone. At the south-east anglo of the ground benches were iixed, for the convenieneo of the children during the sub- stantial afternoon repast which had been provided for them. There was no appear- ance of stint of any commodity, thero being abundance of tea, coffee, bread, and meat, with a copious supply of Yan Yean. A stage for prize-dancing-jig and rcol was erected in the centro of tho ground ¡ but as this portion of the day's entertainment was not entered upon until late in the after- noon, wo aro unable to say what amount of success attended it. There wero about 7,000 persons present, and the best good feeling and decorum marked the day's proceedings. The committeo's arrangements wero oxcel leiitly planned, and efloctively carried out. THE BOTANICGARDENS. Tho attractions of tho Catholic Pic-nic and I the Oddfellows' Sports seriously diminished the usual number of holiday visitors to these splendid pleasure-grounds. During tho day largo numbers of persons passed through tho gurdens, but passed through only to reach the feccne of festivities on either side of tho boundary. In tho afternoon about 200 of the girls belonging to the I'rinco's-bridge Industrious School were promenaded through the walks, and subsequently seated oil the grass surrounding tho band-houso. The wist- ful glances bestowed'by some of the girls towards tho adjacent scene of the pic- nic, as now and then thesoundof boisterous laughter reached the ear, plaiuly indicated tuo ton dcncy of their thoughts. In other respects the gardens -were unusually quiet. THE'RIVER. There was a fair share of patronage be-.' stowed on the Yarra yesterday. Throughout, the day small parties of visitors to the Botanic-gardens, or participators in the Odd- I fellows' demonstration, continued to depart from Prince's-bridg« in every conceivably design of boat. Others, whoso muscular eicrtion appeared to he cjuickened by the anticipatory' gusto of a pic-nic under the willows, were observed skimming along the gently milled water. About five o'clock in tho ulU'móon the hand of the 14th Regiment embarked at l'rince's-bridgo and proceeded up the river, with full flourish of trumpets, as fur ns the Zoologil'ul-U'servo, where they were welcomed with deafening cheers, Not a single accident was reported during the day.' THE SURVEY VA DDOCK -THE GEHM AN PIC-NIC. The Survey Paddock was as usual dotted with numerous pic-nic parties, and in itself presented an admirable picture of the Vic- torian manner of spending tho Christmas holidays. Large numbors carno up tho Yarra in boats, and tho trains fiom Melbourne con- veyed many parties to this pleasant rural spot. Thewoods,rangwitlitholaughtcrof thegroups of merrymakers ; and with the tents, the flags, and tho crowds of summer costume, the survey rcsurve presented .a most animated and pic- turesque appearance. The largest gathering that took place nt this point was the German Pic-nic, which this year has been held on Boxing-day instead.of New Year's-day. The pic-nic .was got up under the direction of the committee which arranged the late torch- light procession, and embraced the members ot ,,tU0' different German societies in Mel- bourne. /The affair was altogether a most, pleasant and successful reunion. It was estimated that there were between 1,500 and 2,000 present,' and the day was spent in a variety of amusements. Several concerted pieces of music wore sung, and tho members of the-Turn Verein engaged in gymnastic exercises. There were, besides, dancing, kiss in-the-ring,' swinging, and aU the other sports usual to a holiday ocension. When evening came on it found the pleasure- seekers with still- unoxhuusted energies. Tho enclosed giound on which the dancing took place was lighted with a circle of Chinese lanterns, and the amusements were kopt up till between nine and ten o'clock. THE ROYAL PARK. The Royal Park is rather too arid a scene, its gross is too parched, and its shade is too scanty, to afford a very pleasant place for spending a Midsummer hohday, but on an occasion like Boxing Day every park and garden open to the public is sure to find visi- tors. Tho Royal Park, consequently, was not altogether neglected, and different groups of pleusure-seekers could bo seen hero and there seated on the shady side of a gumtree, or strolling over the hill overlooking Fleming- ton, to get, at any rate, aglimpse out into the country and away over the broad plains of < Keilor. The grounds of the Acclimatisation Society, with their zoological occupants, were also visited by large numbers of the juvenile population of Melbourne, who exhibited their usual iuterest in the animals kept there. F1TZROY-ÜARDENS. This pleasant and favourite place of pub- lic resort was visited by largo numbers of promenadcrs, who preferred a quiet stroU along the paths or under the trees of the gardens to a more extended journey. The various walks looked gay with the numbers of holiday-keepers by whom they wero fre- quented, and in the shady spots of tho forest, where the massive and antique eucalypti, relics of a by-gone state of things, so strangely mingle with- the young and moro cheerful looking trees of European origin, wero many a quiet fomily party seated, enjoying the beau- tiful appearance of tho gardens, now in the height of their summer vesturo of green. The rich thick vegotationof the central gully, once a hideous chasm with clay banks, but now full of the verdure of wUlows, and canes, and fern trees, also attracted a good deal of admiration, and the cool sparkling fountains, with their rock-work, and pools alive with gold and silver fish, were often surrounded by knots of interested spectators. SANDRIDGE, ST. KILDA, AND BRIGHTON. No matter how great the oxertions of Iho caterers for public amusomont in Melbourno, nor how excellent the entertainments provided by them may be, thcro will always bo some people who will exhibit a preference for a quiet trip to the sea side. To paterfamilias, who has nu- merous "responsibilities" that require looking after, such an excursion is alwaysmoroenjoy- able thon any amusement that is to be found amongst a crowd. With light hearts anil well- filled hampers, ho and his party set out from home, and in less than an hour they are landed in one of those delightful spots which abound on the eastern sido of tho bay. The weather yesterday being highly favour- able to this kind of pic-nic, there wero, as may be supposed, many who spent the day on the coast at Brighton and St. Kilda. At Sandridge there were no demonstration of any kind ; hut the increased number of sailors who were walking about, some of them, of course, in various stages of intoxication, indicated that it was holiday time with Jack as well al with the landsmen. There were also a fow promo naders on the Railway Pier. THE BAY. Hobson's Bay both on Christmas-day and yesterduy presented an unmistakable holiday appearance. Not only was there a cessation of work in most of the vessels in the bay, but on board of many of them there were signs of extensive preparations having been made in honour of the festive season. Tho Galatea, the Victoria, and soveral of the vessels at the piers wero decorated with flags and ever- greens, producing a very chcorful effect. During the, early part of Christmas-day the calmness of the sea induced a great many people to venture afloat in small boats, and they evidently derived much enjoyment from their trips until about two o'clock, whan the wnd changed, andscttinginsomewhatfreshly from tho south, marred tho pleasure of many of thn oxenrsionists. Tho steamers which left Sandridge and Williamstown early in the morning, carrying passengers to variousplaces down the bay, were most of them fairly filled ; and the favourite steamer Kangaroo, which as usual plied between Sandridge and Williamstown, carried in the courso of the day several good cargoes, although tho threaten- ing appearance of tho weather in the after- noon prevented this route from being so extensively patronised as it would ho doubt have otherwise boen. A number of amateur fishermen, whoso lovo for the hook and line was so great as to lead them to consider a good day's sport ampio compensation for tho loss of their Christmas dinners, procured boats, and proceeded up the Saltwater River for the purpose of follow- ing their favourite pastime. Tho weather being more favourable to boating yesterday, there were a good many people alloat. WILLIAMSTOWN. At an early hour yesterday morning the inhabitants of Williamstown were awoke from their slumbers by the sounds of martial music and the measured tread of the volun- teers, who were on their way to join the review at the racecourse. One portion of them (the Naval Brigodo) proceeded along Nelson-place to tho Ann-street pier, where they omb'arked in their own boats, and pulled away in gallant style up tho river ; while the Artillery corps, under the command of Captain Russell, marched to the railway station, and were conveyed by train to Footscray. Soon after their departure, there was another turn-out, consisting of horses and buggies and other conveyances, whose owners, taking advantage of the hohday.and the magnificent weather, had resolved to do their pleasuring beyond the precincts of the borough. The absentees, however, were few in comparison to tho numbers which flocked into the town from all quarters during the day. Some came for the sake of the trip across the bay, as well as to enjoy a plea- sant stroll along the south beach, or it may be to visit some of their acquaintances, or to go on board the Galatea. But the chief attraction yesterday was the grand fete in the Botanical gardens, got up by the committee of the local Mechanics' Institute in aid of their building fund. Tho grounds wore thrown opon at two o'clock, and ia less than an hour thora ? r were fully a thousand visitors present, which at a later period inci eased to-, sixteen or eighteen hundred, forming an incongruous mass of human beings of all ages and?all classes. In announcing .this file ¡a.,y wy, at- tractive programme was issued by, the com mittco, who promised " unprecedented noyel ties,"and from what we observed the pro- gramme was tolerably well adhered to. Kirst of all, theTe were tvv o bands of music, which, played alternately, One of theso consisted of a dozen boys from the naval training ship, who deserve cieditfor_ the manaor in which they went through their performanccs, all the pieces selected being given with harmony and precision. The gteut object of interest, how- ever, was the performances of a troupe of acrobats upon thehorizontal barandthesingle and double trapezo. Some of tho feats pre- sented were really clever, and elicited rounds of applause from the assemblage that stood looking on. Other entei tuinments followed, which wero of a character much less perilous, and which engaged nearly, if not equally., as much attention. The first of these wivs a foot race of COO yards, for'the champion belt, which was won hy Mr. U. Sutton ; tho winner of the second prize, 10s.. bein? Mr. Rankin. The next was a lundie race, iu which there wero two prizes of 20s. and 5s. In this race theie wero several entries, and a good start was effected. Sutton nguiu took the lead, and although' 'he had the misfortune to fall in leaping . the second hurdle, he managed to keep ahead, and carne in first by several yards. The winner of the second prize was Mr, E, Janies. During the afternoon, tho juveniles, who formed no inconsiderable portion of tho mul- titude, were also entertained in a variety of woys. Swings, roundabouts, Aunt Sallies, and similar games were well patronised, while dancing and kiss-in-the-ring were not for- gotten, even by those who were'supposed to havo arrived' at years of discretion. A balancing contrivance, set down i in the. bills as "aFrench revolving elucidator,,',together with a galvanic battery, afforded exercise to nerve and muscle, and some sport 'at 'tho .same time. Towards evening1 there was an exhibition of asoinowhat novel character. Tho two local dramatic socioties engaged in what was called a "Richaulson's show,"and played several melodramatic pieces in a laigu tent, at ono end of which was erected n stage. The various characters were well sustained, and Hie performances afforded considerable amusement. In tlio evening, dancing was resumed, and, aided by the music of a quad- rille band, was kept up till a late hour. The fete was under the direction of the president and treasurer of thoWilliamstown Mechanics' Institute, and was carried out in a most ordoily manner. , HEIDELBERG. At an early hour all the favourite spots usually selected by picnic parties on the racecourse at Heidelberg were taken posses- sion of by troops of plciisuro-scekors. Cabs, omnibuses, and furniture vans, heavily freighted with holiday folks, arrived in quick succession, and at ono o'clock tlioro wero be- tween 300 and 400 people assembled to enjoy themselves in a simple but a hearty style. FERN TREE GULLY. There were more people at Fern tree Gully on Christmas Day than were ever known be- fore. The day turned out beautiful. A very large number of people camped out along the gully, in tents improvised huts, &c.; Between five and six yesterday morning it was a very lively scene, as preparations for breakfast, &c.;, wwere being carried on vigorously. A number of young men were out with guns, and many shots were fired, but up to a late hour no one was seen with any spoil. n.M.S.S. GALATEA. Christmas Day in port on board a frigate like the Galatea, where there is a complement of well-nigh five hundred men, so many thousand miles away fioni that "tight little island" where Christmas is an institution, in- terwoven with the national life, is " tho" day of all days in the year, and by no means to be observed lightly or celebrated with indif- ference. The continuous disciplino and strict attention to duty ever sternly maintained on board a British man-of-war are on this day care- fully laid asido-not altogether ignored, only most materially Tolaxcd, or not at all rigidly enfoiced. To the men and boys on board it is the ono day of all the threo hundred and sixty- five which is fairly given up to complete social enjoyment and unrestricted mirth and revelry. The boatswain's whistle, and the "blackhole" with its very unfestive adjuncts of bread and water, arc altogether un- heeded ; and holystones are relegated (meta- phorically of course) to that sub-tropical region alleged to be paved with good inlenlious, and the chief labour of lovo which is undertaken with anything liko alacrity and zest is the "splicing of the mainbrace." The time honoured usages and customs in force on boaid a lnrgc man-of-war in poll on this annual festive occasion wero fully observed on the Galatea, and no ono thing was wanting to lender tho day enjoyable to all hands, and to the friends and acquaintances who wero invited to partake of the hospitality offered with genuine sailor frankness-, and in true man-of-war fashion. On the day preceding Christmas, numbers of men and boys wore actively engaged with flowers and fruit and evergreens, and paper of many tints, decorating the wholo of this mess tables on the lowor deck ; and the dex- terity of their manipulation, no less than the exceeding tnstefulness exhibited in tho orna- mentation, was something marvollous. Each side of the lower deck showed a sorics of bowers of luxuriant foliage, prettily inter- spersed with oranges ; but the effectiveness of the scene was not apparent until noon on Christmas Day. The proceedings woro appro- priately begun by the celebration of the religious services pechar to the day; and theso over, tho tables ,vero lighted up with a lavish display of wax lights arranged in pretty little chandeliers, and the leafy avenues woro rendered brilliant by many lamps. This annual/i'fc is looked forward to with absorbing interest by all, and the ex pendituie is borne by the various messes. Although tho expenses of the ontortuinmont thus come out of tho well-earned pay of all bands-suilorsand marines alike-tho amount is most ungrudgingly acrorclcd, and is be- stowed with that reckless liberality so charac- teristic of men-of-war's mon. Tho faro which figures on tho mess-table on ordinary occasions was on Christmas Day nowhere visible, but had given placo to such a variety of viands, on tables PO handsomely laid out, that caterers for entertainmonts to royalty, had they b<-t witnessed tim sight, would have grootly on1 ied the tact and genius which combined so much luxury and display with such absolute com- fort and enjoyableness. During the time of dinner, visitors-and especially the ladies weie besought, in the most winning and per- suasivo manner, to partako of the good things provided, mid were enjoined to eat, drink, and be mciry, and make themselves thoioughly at home. Compliance with tho earnest and pressing invitations could scarcely beuvoideel, and great was tho delight of "Jack" to seo his guests enjoy themselves. The substantial portion of the spread was well sustainod by a, plentiful supply of diluents, ranging from. champagne and various wines to "four water grog and colonial ale. Feasting, sofar, was the order of the day, and dinner and. dessert woro followed by dancing on.the gun ileck, and fiddles, flutes, concertinas, and. accoi (leons wero kept going at a rapid rate. Sailois dearly love a dance, and during the aflenioon and evening they enjoyed them- selves in this respect to the utmost. Tbu Kost amusing portion by far, how- ever, of tho day's entertainment wos~ undoubtedly the chairing of the officers^. After dinner the men, as a matter of course, wero in a stato of high good, humour and. hilarity, and officer after officer, fiqm, the commander down to tho tiniest "middy,'*' was seized, placed on achair, lashed willi two handspikes, and duty hoisted and carried round the decks in triumph- The ludicrous, procession i was accompanied with, vocal and. instrumental music, distinguished moro by strength' of sound than harmony of execution, the chief burthen of which was a repeated and prolonged outburst of "He's a jolly good 'fellow, " sung to the usual popular tune, and followed, as the delighted oc- cupant . of / tho chair was shot out at his cabin, with three times three- rattling British cheers.' This privilege of chairing the officer» is highly prized by tho mon, and vc only liable to objection / when tho head of the chaired* may huppen-accidentally, of courso-during: thu course of his ovation, to como in contact with some hard unyielding boam, or wrotebx'd. lamp which was hung scarcely high enough. This fun lasted until well on in tho after- noon, and when tho list of officers had been exhausted, the potty officers, wero also treated to a taste x>t the triumphal entertainment, but with rauch less delicacy of handling; and Avlren the, spree had. '""WcH-rviglmm its course, tho dogs belonging \- to various parties on board wore decorated ' with ribbons, and underwent the chairing .process in a state of "blank bewilderment, and with countenances on which the most comic -.consternation was expressed. After tea, ? singing and dancing wero resumed, and set .dances, circle-dances, and stop-dances were \- « arried-on simultaneously with unflagging zest \- and vigour. 'Onegreat feature in the carrying .out of the day's amusementis, that the boys ? on boord are for the day promoteil to the ''Tank of 'men and petty officers, and these in 1 ' turn tike the place of tho boys. Gieat scope is thus afforded to the youngsters to have some playful retaliation. The proceedings /'throughout the day were marked by tho "?purest fun and good- humoured practical ' joking, such -as only the British sailor mind .could conceive, and, having devised, carry -out with telling effect. To those who were .privileged to bo present, Christmas Day on 1 board 'the Galatea will not soon be for ' gotten.' ' ' ' TRIP TO SCHNAPPER POINT. , ,The steamer Reliance had as many passen ,, gers as she could accommodate on her t'Christmns-day trip to Schnapper Point; and though theweather was not the most agree ' able that could be conceived, the excursion by '"her,afforded nevertheless a great deal of .pleasure, and helped above a hundred of our '-citizens to lay in a fiesb. stock of health and ^.animal spirits with which to commence tho '"battle of life in the year about to begin, At starting, the sea was smooth, a liuht breeze .ef south-easterly wind only raffling its sur . face ; but a rather thick haze contracted tho view, and .prevented the excursionists from »fully enjoying tho varying landscape which 'would have boen visible as they coasted , , down the bay had the weather been clear. ?Before leaving llobson's Bay the Reliance steamed slowly round n.M.S. Galatea, to give her passengers-many of whom wore, 'from the country, and had not pre- viously enjoyed a similar opportunity-a i good look at that ship, and all who saw her for the first time w ere loud in their admira .tioirof her noble proportions and thoroughly complete appointments. The i un down tho bay . -was without incident. A fair band of music ' .played .popular tunes at intervals, and tho passengers, mostly grouped in parties, enjoyed themselves chiefly in anticipating the picnic festivities which were to be celebrated on landing, and of which they had the material .requisites present with them in a very visible and apparent manner. There was some talk W the outwaid voyage about the wonder ,' ful change which would be discovered tit \- Schnapper Point by visitors who had not '¡i-been there for some yeais, and a certain languid expectation was excited in regaid to ? that township, and its commercial and shipping importance. It must be con 'iessed, liowever, that the total numbor of .the shipping in port on. Christmas Day was , one, and that alter the Reliance had made '.fast,to thepiei. Previously, the maritime / interest was umepresented, except by two ]' dilapidated fishing boats and ono mouldy '' barge, although piles of firewood contiguous , io the wharf, and here and there about the township, favoured the supposition, that the , .wit is occasionally visited by sheoakers. On being landed, numerous passengers by the steamer made their way to snug little nooks in the scrub fringing the shore, orto sheltered MjKitB among the locks, and there proceeded ? I to unpack the baskets -\v ith which a provident ,, habit of mind had instigated thom to supply .themselves. And those ?who, like Gilpin's -.Wife, preserved a fnigal mind oven -when on pleasure . bent, had very much the best of it. Savoury pies, made of three- halfpenny beef and mutton, were incomparably a better bargain than the lunch that less thoughtful excursionists had to put up with at the prin- cipal hotel, which, though spacious, and ex ceedingly imposing as to its outside, proved but a "gilded device" to cover sordid do signs. A sonorous bell summoned a highly expectant crowd to its dinner-table, but their hopes wore cruelly mocked by the sparse and chilly fare that met the eye when the invitation was eagerly responded to. What were some few slices of cold roast meat and ham, and some disjointed fragments of fowl, to famished, people just off a sea voyage? The proprietors of this most commodious and elegant hotel have yet to learn how the alimen ..tory wants of a carnivorous public, with holi day appetites, may be worthily ministered to. Thule was rhubarb tart, no doubt, and custard pudding ; but what were these in the absence of hot meat and vegetables? What the public wanted was a hot joint -which would permit of the "cut and come again" in which healthy appetites delight, and that being absent, Rennison's customers hod to go away unsatisfied and miserable. The far mote numerous picnickers were immeasurably better off. They may have been deficient in table napkins, but they had lplenty to oat; and if certain implements of older date than knives arid folks had some- times to do duty foi these latter in the sea- side dinner parties that were so numerous at Schnapper Point on Wednesday, that did not matter much, the merriment that their want occasioned amply made up for tho deficiency, food being abundant oven if ironmongery was scarce. »The serious business of eating having been m ought to a conclusion, the party spread themselves along the beuch, to the north aud to the south of tho pier, and spent a pleasant ',,houi or two in looking for shells and sea 3«, weed,, and . in enjoyment of the natural ' )-r beauties oi the place. Arid these beauties aro ' as numerous as thoy aro unmistakable. Pretty little sandy coves, exceedingly well suited for both bathing and boating, afford the most agreeable rosoit for the residents of the very pleasant villas situated in tho scrub, which stretches away from tho brow of the cliff that circumscribes the coast Hue. These ure now numerous, and many of them spacious and elegant, and . undoubtedly they form most iilcusuiufc summer lesideuccs. As to the Uttlc msiness i township, that does not seem to havo grown dining the pnst few years so rapidly as somo enthusiastic Sennapper Pointcrson board the Reliance would have had us believe. Theie aie many substantial brick plaoos of business in the main street, and very fair roads all about ; but tho wonder, to the miad of a visitor, was us to how theso were maintained. l'iobably_ the chief cus- tomers at tho shops aro agriculturists from the back country, and woodcutters and fisher . men resident .a little way oil ; but certainly theie was little appearance on Christmas Day . of the presence of business man of any kind. , i Schnapper Point is, for all this, an exceed j, ingly pleasant and picturesque spot, anti we ¿ havonodonbtWHjidentsfindithighlyenjoyablo, ,. as wo know it is exhilarating and healthful ; .(.while no doubt (tho oidinary visitors to the -.principal inn finds plenty to cot theie, not g withstanding an unfoi túnate experience of } its capabilities. ïhe trip home in tho oven " ing was not altogether without unpleasant ,¿noss, a fict.li south-west breeza (which set in ^tferly in the afternoon, the wind changing -quit« suddenly) having raised a sea which . caused the ship to tees about a good deal, to i ¿ho derangement of both male and femalo j.Vtpmuehs. Wo will draw a veil over the .agonies of the sunerora, who aft« all wero . .but a small minority of the excursionists, and aniuvly say that all were landed at Sandridge ?abojit seven o'clock, mostly,in «rime condi- tion, while the damage sustained hythe more fragüe was not of a kind likely to have any unpleasant effects that would survive the , landing, .The trip was, on the whole, a very pleasurable onö. ST., lylLDA VILLAGE BELLE «ACES. TlMJltSBAY. Year .by «year, and now for many years, on this somo,wbat primitive racecourse there has always becji found a fair sample of sporting . »non, chicljyAocal lcsutents, who have always been ready to und from .their own ícsources # the means of bringing together a sufficient .number of horsos intruiuiegto makeup socio .good ' ' Boxing ,I}cy" sport. And so it was on ?. tho present occasion that, oiided by the in iluonccs of most beautiful weather, the stewards wero .enabled to afforcï much amose mont to some 2,000 at least of the holi- day-makers, iuoludiug many of . tho most active spirits of the metropolitan turf. The«first race was the Maiden Plato¡ won by Mr. ¡J. Griffin's Ii.vilo, 4 yrs, beating four others. Mr. G. Watson's Pyrrhus won the I Hurdle Race, for winch five started. Shenan- doah, ,now running hi Mr. L. L. Smith's colours, ,won tho St. Kilda Handicap, beating -Warrior, CJVollaton, and three others, very easily. ' The Novel Race, which produced JE15 *. -to tho fuijd on the Bale of the winner, vas 'taken by Mr. 'Licrseh's Dora, after a good 1 ¡raccwithOameboy. The Selling Hack Race, ?with' howes dignified by historical names, ! - »rising out of a recently tried gambling case, concluded an oinuring afternoon's business shortly before six o'clock. Thora wore no oecidenjLs ¿p note, and die proceedings on the part of the officials and the public passed off, pleasantly enough :- ( , ,.,'.' THE MAIDEN FLATE, > _. Of 15 sovs. Entrance'üOs. About a mile and a half. Weight for age. ' Mr. J. GrlUln's b g- Exile, 4 years (M. Griffin)* . : 1 Mr. F. lHiolo's b m Promenade, 5 yra .. .. 2 Air. O. Watson's b g Zanzibar, 0 yrs.3 Mr. Pago's gr ni Thisbe, aged. Mr. -A. Ellls's gr g Petrol, 6 yrs. Theie was a good start ; and immediately on getting off Exile went to the front, Petrel second, and Zanzibar third. The latter shortly afterwards passed Petrel, and Mr. G. Watson's horse raced with Exile until the cerise jacket was beaten, when Promenade ran up and obtained second place, Exile winning very easily. TUB HANDICAP HUROLE BAOE, Of 20 sovs. Entrance, 2 sovs. About three miles. ' Mr. G. Watson's b g Pyrrhus, aged, lust. (Cal- lanan) .1 Mr. T. Jlllott's b gGaylad, aged, Sat. 121b. Mr. Bughes's b m Brunette, aged, 9st 71b. Mr. J. West's gr g Baron, aged, 9at. Mr. L. L. Smith's b m Expedition, S yrs, Sst 101b. Pyrrhus was the favourite for this race. Expedition and Baron baulked at the first fence, and Brunette ran off at the second. The race was thereafter left to Pyrrhus and. Gaylad, the former winning by two lengths, after a good race. TI1E ST. KILDA HANDICAP, Of 40 sovs. Entrance, 3 sovs. Twice round the course, about two miles. Mr. L. L. Smith's gr m Shenandoah, 6 yrs, 8st. 31b. (Alfred Hill).1 Mr. E. Liorsoh's br g Warrior, aged, 8st. 71b. . (Jupp).2 Mr. G. Watson's b g Wollaton. Oyrs, 7at.3 Mr. L. L. Smith's "br m Victoria, 5 via, 7at. 71b. Mr. Henry's b g Revengo, 4 yrs, flat. 71b. Mr. S. WalUock's b £ Palladium, 3yru, Ost. Shenandoah and Warrior wero tho fa- vourites. The gTcy maie took the lead from the start, and led all the way to the finish, winning by several lengths ; Warrior second, and "Wollaton third, beaten off. THE NOVEL. IUCE, Of 15 sovs. Entrance, 1 sov. About one mile and a half. No weight under 8st. "Winner to be sold by auction, &ct; Mr. K. Llorsch's b m Dorn (Jupp).1 Mr. J. West's br g Gameboy.2 Mr. Hughrs's br g Oakleigh and Mr. F. Griffin's ro a Delaware also started ; and there was a good race between the two that were | placed. THE SELLING IMCK RACE, ' Of 5 sovs. Entrance, 10s. ; post entry. Once round the course. Catch weights. Winner to be sold for £10, &c.; Mr. A. Smith's gr g Threc-up (Matheson) .. .. 1 The following also started :-Mr. Bruce's br g Crooked (late Spring-heeled Jack), Mr. Down's brg.The Gray, Mr. Griffith's Bet-as yon-like, Mr. O'Connor's I'm-in-it, Mr. Pierce's. The Dispatches, Mr. Berry's Cord, &c.; ; Mr. Griffin's Keep-on-Joe, Mr. Poole's, Square-enough, and Mr. Stewart's I'll-wait oii-you. The grey won easily all the way. TIIEATHE KOYAL. The new dramatic .season at the Theatre Koyal opened last evening with the produc tion'of a new pantomime, from the pon of Mr. W. M. Akhurst, so well known to the Melbourne public from the number of similar contributions he has boforo made to their Christmas festivities. Tho Christmas season would not appear complete without a pan- tomime. Without it tho younger portion of the population would miss ono of their greatest and most fondly-enjoyed and dearly-recollected treats. And this element of our Christmas pleasures has been liberally supplied by the mana- gers of the Theatre Royal by the bril- liant and effective style m which they have brought out Mr. Akhurst's panto- mime of "Tom, Tom, tho Piper's Son, and Mary. Mary, Quito Contrary, or tho Good Child's History of England." Of the plot of the burlesque extravaganza which pre- cedes the harlequinade it is needless to attempt a sketch, as it is little more than an expansion, with whimsical and inexplicable additions, of ¿he historical record relating of "Tom, Tom, the Piper's Son," "that ho stole a pig and away ho ran. " The adventures of the hero Tom (Mr. IT. li. Harwood) wore intertwined in odd fashion with those of Mory, Mary, Quite Contrary (Miss Emily Wiseman), her mother, Belformosa, queen of the fairies (Miss Doey Stewart), and Allsortsofvice, chatelaine of the Castle of Toorakannien (Mr. 11. Stewart). Tho movomonts of theso personages, with some others of subordinate positions, together with tho suite of the Queen, the Amazonian army, and the myr- midons of Allsortsofvice, are made to furnish some very amusing situations and effective displays. The dialogue theyspeak is not want- ing in life and smartness, and abounds in local allusions and hits at current topics, which told capitally with the audience. The visit and entertainment of the Duke of Edinburgh, the mayors who havewelcomcd him, the epi- demic of addresses which his progress through the country bus evoked, the free banquet, and all the various circumstances and phases of the Duke's stay in the colony, supplied inex- haustible matter for jokes of this kind, which, as relating to the subject of greatest public interest at the present time, did not fail_ of their intended effect. The most noticeable scene of the extravaganza was that of the "Hallof History." exhibiting the "Good Child's History of England." The scene was that of a large magnificent apartment, at tho iuither end of which stood a large open book of the History of England. It is from this book that "Mary, Mary," undertakes to teach "Tom, Tom," the history of his country. This is clone by allowing the kings and queens of England, personated by little children suitably attired in the characteristic costume of themonarchs represented, to issue one by ono from the book, tue leaves of which are turned for that purpose. The list com- mences with William the Conqueror, per: sonated by a sturdy little fellow carrying a cross-hilted sword nearly as big as himself, Kaeh of tho sovereigns, as ho carne upon the stage, was greeted by Tom Tom, and a few words passed containing allusion to the history or character of the monarch. Henry the Third was characterised as the enemy of tho human race, as shown in having invented rarliaments. Edward Longshanka, nenry the Fifth of Agincourt fame, .Itichard the Third, hunchback and lame : Henry the Eighth, the " bluff King Hal," so familiar from the well known por- traits of him and pueen Elizabeth wero all im- mediately recognised hy the audience in the diminutive piesentations of them which issued fron^ tho book of history. Olivor Cromwell, with steel morion and buff coat, was personated by a little follow of stalwart build, a noticeable contrast to the light and graceful figure of Charles the Se- cond, represented by u clever little lady, who sang an adaptation of "Cham- pagne Charley, which brought down Joud applause and secured an encore. The series closed hy the exhibition of the figme of Queen Victoria, to whose honour the long line of sovereigns sang a verse of the National Anthem. The scene terminati'd by an intricate and mazy mai oh, executed by the Amazonian army and tho little monárchs in a style which showed the extentof the drill- ing which they must have passed through. The four leading parts of tho biulcsquo wero supported by Mr. Stewart, Miss Doey Stewart, Miss E. 'Wiseman, and Mr. Harwood in a very effective and mirth- producing manner, and their songs and dances were productive of rounds.of_ applause. .The transformation iicone, in which a wide wood ODCIIS into a wide expanse of valley, plain, and river, and that again changes into a brilliant fairy bower was very well managed, and a beautiful effect was produced. Tlio harlequinado which foi ?lows called for no special mention. The tricks and the fun woio, with slight modifica- tions, the samo as have been seen and laughed at a hundred times before. When it is said that this part of the entertainment was supported by Mr. Flex- more as harlequin, Mdlle. Kelli us columbine, Mr. J. Morris as pantaloon, the brothers Sengrist as sprites, and that it was under the direction of Mr, J, L. Hall, who played tho part of clown, nothing moro is roquired to in- dicate that it was given in capital style, and kept the audience in a roar of laughter from the commencement to the end, 'when the snell was dissolved, tho Galatea arrived, and Victoria gove a loyal wel cotno to a Royal son. The pantomime, as a whole, was very well received by tlio audience. It seems Ukely to run -vrell for somo time, and certainly docs not discredit tit« reputation Mr. Akhurst has won by his former works. It was preceded by the lively comedietta of "A Day After the Wedding, in which' Mr. Vincent and Mi s Cluveland ably sustained the respectivo characters of Colonel mid Lady Kreelove. . The house was tlw.'Ough'iy crowded from- tho pit to the ceil- ing by an avdience who were not nig^ardly|in expressing liieir satisfaction with the perform- ance, HAYMARKET ,TH1ÍATRE,-AMATEUR PERFORMANCE. The Haymarket Theatre presented a very brilliant appearance last night. The house was crowded in every part, and we believe that a portion of the stalls were turned [into drcss.boxes, so great was the crush. His Royal Highness .the Duke of Edinburgh was there, accompanied by his suite, who, when they were not behind the scenes or on the stage, were in the Royal box. His Excellency the Governor was not present. The Prince arrived about eight o'clock, and was con- ducted by Mr. Hoskins to a side-box that had been fitted up for him. As the excel- lence of amateur^ performances is always relative, and consists for tho most part, in a party of gentlemen doing tolerably well what professionals can do infinitely better, we prefer not to criticise the entertainment of last evening too minutely. The applause was almost incessant ; and as the majority of the people in the theatre had come for the purposo of seeing Lord Newry, the Hon. Eliot Yorke, and Mr. Fitzgeorge in fancy dresses, they were com- pletely satisfied with their evening's amuse- ment. The "Area Belle " was tho first piece givon, Lord Newry playing Tosser, and Mr. Fitzgeorge Pitcher. The latter gentle- man's acting-for an amateur-was amongst tho very best that has been seen in the colonies. Miss Tilly Earle played Penelope with much spirit. " The Isle of St. Trope/. " followed, and was chiefly noticeable for the appearance of Mrs. Ileir, who played Amelia Desart, tho heroine, with her usual ability. Mr. Yorke, as Henri Desart, was dressed with excellent taste, and acted a trying part with great intelligence. Air. Bruce's Damey was very clever ;i and Miss Louise Arnot played Estelle very prettily. Mr. Levey was satisfactory as Charles Daville. "Box and Cox" concluded the entertainments. Mr. Bruce's Cox was ex- cellent. Lord Newry played Box, and re- ceived much applause. THE JAPANESE AT THE PRINCESS'S THEATRE. The Lenton Japanese troupe made their first appearance at the Princess's Theatre last evening, and'both as regards the attendance I and the quality of tho entertainment given they may be said to have achieved a success. The pit, stalls, and boxes wero crowded, and in tho dress-circle tbero was a goodly number. Concerning the performances, it may safely be affirmed that they have never been approached in Melbourne. After witnessing them, one is at a loss to define any limits to the art of jugglery, and is prepared for almost any oc- currence which he might previously have con- sidered inconceivable. The majority of the acrobatic feats are exceedingly clever, al- though not, perhaps, very extraordinary when we remember what had been accomplished in this respect byEuropean gymnasts who had pre viouslyappeared inMelbourne ; butthoslcighfc of-haud tricks, and others that depend chiefly upon the quickness of the eye, are certainly marvellous. Tho rising of the curtain exhi- bited tinco of the company playing on Japa- nese guitars a time which might have been accepted as a Japanese comic song or a love ditty, just as the listener pleasedi but which to the ears of most of the barbarians seemed more discordant than harmonious. The famous " butterfly trick" was then produced. One of the company, delighting in the name of Cho-nos-kcc, folded np two or three small bits of paper into tho forms of butterflies, and by means of fans he kept them flying about in the air after the manner of live in- sects, afterwards turning them into a bundle of ribbons, from tho centre of which he ulti I mntely, to the astonishment of eveiy one, Îiroduced an ordinary umbrella. Cho-nos ceo is said to be the person whoso jug- gling is so favourably mentioned in Mr. Sherard Osbornc's book, A Cruise in Japanese Waters. Two European lads, eight and nine years of age, together with a young man whose body is so wonderfully supple as to have earned for him the appella- tion of the " boneless boy," created no little surprise by the skilfulness of their gymnastic feats. What is known as the "perch feat" was also received with considerable applause. Gengero, the strongest and most athletic man of tho company, placed one entl of a fiole, some twenty feet iii length, on the top of his shoulder, and, without touching it with his hands or having anything attached to it by which to steudy-it, he balanced it there while a lail climbed up it, and executed various evolutions upon the upper end of it. The same man next produced a number of fans, balls, and sticks, which he kept flying about in the air in a manner perfectly bewildering to everyone but himself, never by any chance allowing one of them to fall to the ground. A common earthenware jar he twisted and turned, by the simple jerking of his arm, in anamusingmanner. SignorFerrari's Brazilian monkeys were then brought upon the stage, and acquitted themselves so satisfactorily as to maintain the name which they have achieved of being highly-educated animals. They danced, fiddled, fenced, and loaded and dis- charged firearms with the greatest accuracy, exhibiting an amount of intelligence that would havo rejoiced the heart of Professor Huxley or Mr. Darwin, had either of those gentlemen been present. After some further conjuring and top-spinning by various mem- bers of the company, the most interesting event of the evening-viz,, the walking on a slack ropo .by one of the Japanese women took place. A small-sized rope having been run across the stage, the performer walked, hopped, and ran upon it with the greatest apparent ease, all the while tnaiiruuvring iu the oddest way with her fan and umbrella. She subsequently transferred herself to an- other rope, which was fastened from one end of the stage to the front of the dress citele, and on this also she walked without tho aid of a pole or anything with which to balance herself. It is this marvellous balancing power for which most of the company are remarkable, and which in order to be appre- ciated requires to be seen. The troupe will appear again this evening, when a number of new tricks will be introduced. MR. MONTGOMERYS RECITALS. Mr. Montgomery's entertainment last night wasattended by alargo and appreciative audience. Amongst other good things which have already been given, Mr. Montgomery recited the highly-amusing tale in verse "Mr. and Mrs. Smith at Home," which was so successful on Tuesday night. It proved on this occasion no less entertaining than for- merly, tho audience every now and then being fairly convulsed with luughter. Mr. Mont- gomery took the opportunity of explaining that the author's name und position bud been incorrectly stated in the press, the writer of the tale, who composed it expressly for this entertainment, being Mr. Ilenry Morrell Acton, editor of the Manchester Guardian. The mournful poem, written by Mr. T. Hood, jun., "Homeat Last,"whieh was again given, was delivered feelingly and impressively, and in a similarly expressive way was recited Poc's few hut pregnant lines, "A Dream Within a Dream," which found a place in the programme last night for the first timo. The " Bloomsbury Christening " brought the entertainment to a successful and agreeable close. THE VARIETIES. This place of amusement was crowded last night, tho attraction being a new burlesque called "Jupiter's Frolic; or, Racing Mad.*' To such as appreciate the confusion and din of a rucecourso crowd, the burlesque no doubt proved entertaining, for its prominent feature .throughout was noise. To a certain extent it was amusing, the peculiarities of some of the strange personages always to be found at a race meeting being hit off rather skilfully, and not exaggerated more than waa warranted by the occasion. Though quite incomprehen- sible, the piece gavo opportunities for the display of fun of the sort which properly be- longs to pantomime, and if'it bael been pro- duced earlier instead of about midnight, it Ai oui d no doubt havo met with a more cordial reception. The preceding part of the enter- tainment, which was almost entirely of a musical character, was by far the most cnf»f able. . THE POLYTECHNIC HALL. * There was again an excellent attendance at the above place of entertainment last night. There was no change of programme, but Mrs1. Case, while expressing her gratification at the largeness of the audience, stated that next week a chango of performance would take E"Iace. The efforts of Mrs. Caso and her usbaiid to ontertaiu their .vistors seemed to meet with tho highest success, as the ap- plause throughout the evening was frequent and hearty. SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. ; [Continued from the ¡Supplement to The Ar¡/as of this day.) DEATHS IN MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. The following deaths havo occurred in the hospital since the 20th of October : Boyle, Patrick, 72, dealer, native of Ire- land ; arrived in 1855 by the Shalimar,; cause of death, disease of heart, liver, and kidneys. Bitten, Harriet, 33, native of the Cape of Good Hope ; arrived in 1857 by the ?Sultana; cause of death, phthisis. Bolster, San lino, 39 ; ai rived in 1851 ¡cause of death, cancer of uterus. Brown, Edward, 40, la- bourer, native of Sussex ; arrived inl862 by tho Canada ; cause of death, pneumonia. Bren- nen, Mary Ann, 37, native of Cork ; arrived in 1850 in Sydney; cause of death, epilepsy. Booth, Thomas, 37, labourer; native of Ire- land ; arrived iii 1852 by tho Alabama ; cause of death, phthisis. Chatburn, Joseph, 44, butcher, native of Yorkbhire ; arrived in 1852 ; cause of death, chronic pneumonia and phthisis. Connor, Patrick, 62, labourer, native of Galway ; ar- rived in 1803 ; cause of death, pneumonia. Chai Iton, Henry, 43, seaman, nativeof Halifax, U.S. ; arrived in 1SG2 Oy the Hunter ; cause of death, typhoid fever. Cox, Charles, 40, coach driver, nativu of the United States of America ; airived in 1853 ; cause of death, phthisis. Cooper, John, 39, seaman, native of Scotland : arrived in 1851 by a Liverpool ship ; cause of death, phthisis. Cloudsbe, James, 34, sta- tioner, native of Glasgow ; arrived in 18(53 ; cause of death, phthisis. Carmichael, David, 3li, 'cooper, nativo of Scotland ; arrived in 1853 ; cause of death, phthisis and brain dis- ease. Dark, Catherine, 20, domestic, native of Sydney ; arrived in 1851 by sea ; cause of death, niorbus cordis. Egan, John, 50, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1857 by the South Carolina ; cause of death, phthisis. Exom, Thomas, 29, waterman, na- tive of Kent ; arrived in 185!) by the Result ; cause of death, lumbar abscess. Finlayson, Donald, 48, shoemaker, native of Scotland ; airived in 1853 by "the Signet ; cause of death, 'disease of liver, heart, and kidneys. Featherstone, Elizabeth, 50, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1850 by the Jos. T. Ford ; cause of death, cancer of liver. Foy, Samuel, 77, labourer, native of Cavan ; ar- rived in 185G by the Digby ; cause of death, emphysema of lung. George, Jane, lil), native of Cornwall ; arrived in 1851 by the Slane Castle ; cause of death, debility. Gambonini, Peter, 29, miner, nativeof Switzerland; arrived in 1859 by the White Star ; cause of death, phthisis. Griffm, Patrick, 48, farmer, nativo of Tip peraiy ; arrived in 1862 by the Queen of the South ; cause of death, fever and retention of urine. Gillespie, Fanny, 28, native of Iieland; arrived in 186-1 by the Tudor; causes of death, malignant scarlatina, and exhaus- tion. Gudion, Alury, J7, native of Limerick : arrived in 1854 by the Matoku; cause of death, cancer of neck. Grant, Albert, 19, native of Belfast ; arrived iii I860 by the Lord Raglan ; cause of death, hip joint disease and abscesses. Gray, William, 37, hair- dresser, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1850 by?the Algiers ; cause of death, disease of liver and phthisis. Hills, Chas., GO, native of London, seaman; arrived 1S46; cause-of death, tuberculosis ami pleurisy. Hobson, Thos., 30, native of Victoria, labourer ; cause of death, niorbus eoidis. Harris, John, 38, native of Bristol, labourer ; arrived 1847 ; cause of death, dis- ease of brain. Haugh, Dennis, 28, native of Limerick, seaman ; arrived in 1867 by Our Hope ; cause of death, apoplexy. Johnson, Jus., 50, native of Ireland, car- penter ; arrived in 1811 by George Hannah ; cause of death, disease of liver and stomach Johnson, Benjamin, 46, native of Colchester, mason ; arrived in 1856 by Planet ; cause of death, phthisis. Kelly, Wm., 47, native of Kilkenny, la- bourer ; arrived in 1854 by Dorstan : cause of death, phthisis. Knight, Nathaniel, 46, en- gineer ; arrived in 1853 by Sophia ; cause of death, pneumonia,dysentery. Kilgour, Clelia, 43, native of Edinburgh ; arrived' in 1853 by Signet; cause of death, reetovaginal fistula and phthisis. Montague, Joseph, 40, dealer, native of London: cause of death, cerebral disease. M'Donald, Mary A., 25, native of Limerick; arrived by Australia in 1855 ; cause of death, phthisis. M'Laren, Duncan, 39, labourer, native of Perthshho ; arrived in I860 ; cause of death, disease of kidneys and phthisis. Monaghan, Richaid, 40, labourer, nativo of Queenstown ; airived by Maitland in 1854 ; cause of death, phthisis, Murphy, Bridget, 22, native of Kilkenny ; arrived by White Star in 1867 ; causo of death, phthisis. Milmone, Thos., 34, butcher, native of Sligo ; arrived in 1857; cause of death, dysentery. M'Nab, Janet, 10, native of Scotland; arrived in 1855 ; causes of death, malignant sore throat and diphtheria. M'Kernon.Iiugh, 75, butcher, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1864 ; cause of death, phthisis and cflusion. Noon, Bridget, 22, native of Roscommon ; airived by Shalimar in 1866 ; causes of death, phthisis and meningitis. Nicholls, Jno., 45, seaman, native of Isle of Wight ; arrived in 1857 ; cause of death, niorbus cordis. Ncrfoot, Samuel Taylor, 35, accountant, native of Lancashire ; arrived in 1850 ; cause of death, phthisis. Oliver, Joseph, l8, seaman, native of Ireland ; arrived by Louisiana in 1S03 ; causes of death, morbus coxa; and exhaustion. Pullen, Geo., 45, native of London ; arrived in 1851 by the City of London ; causo of death, aneurism of aorta. Pike, Margt,, 43, native of Wicklow : arrived in 1851 by the Stratford sea ; causes of death, enlarged liver, jaundice, dropsy. Poole, John, 60, plasterer, native of London ; arrived in 1847 by the Sir Chas. Forbes ; cause of death, phthisis. Polo, Maiy, 20, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1855 ; cause of death, phthisis. Perrin, Edward C, 33, engineer, native of Paris ; arrived in 1861 by the Columbus -, cause of death, cancer of abdomen. Pratt, Jane, 33, native of Oxford ; arrived in 1855; cause of death, phthisis. Phuir, Eliza, 23, domestic, native of Limerick ; arrived in 1863 by the Groat Victoria ; causes of death, pleurisy and hydrothorax. Quinn, Jas., 23, painter, native of Lanca- shire ; arrived in 1863 by the Bales Family ; cause of death, tumour on brain. Remeau, Felix, 40, carpenter, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1852 ; cause of death, phthisis. Sullivan, Bridget, 32, native of Tipperary; arrived in 1860 by the Tudor ; cause of death, phthisis. Schwartz, Elizabeth, l8, domestic, native of London; arrived in 1865 by the Donald M'Kay ; cause of death, morbus eoidis. Stevens, Sarah, 34, native of Berk- shire ; arrived in 1858 by the alarco Polo ; caubC of death, phthisis. Terry, Geo., 52, waiter, native of Middle- sex ; arrived in 1853 by the Delta ¡ cause of death, phthisis. Wheeler, Michael, 37, seaman, native of Claro ; arrived in 1858 ; causes of death, niorbus cordis and pneumonia. Wilson, Sarah, 25, nativo of London ; arrived in 1853 by the Elizabeth ; cause of death, phthisis. Webster, John, 57, seaman, nativo of North- ampton ; cause of death, general dropsy. AVollen, Joseph, 45, labourer, native of Man- chester ; arrived in 1819 at Sydney in Ram- bler ; cause of death, disease of liver. Wright, Timothy, 39, clerk, native of Kent ; arrived in 18G3 by the Essex ; cause of death, phthisis. Wren, Joseph, 60, bricklayer, native of Bris- tol ; arrived in 1857 by the White Star ; cause of death, phthisis. Williamson, David Hy., 14 ; causes of death, phthisis, broncho-pnou monia, and diarrha'a. Zweigel, Joseph, G2, weaver, native of France ; arrived in 1856 ; causes of death, disease of lung, liver, and dysentery. CRICKET. Opeiations in the cricket-field this year have not been at all of a brilliant character, though the game has received Royal patron ags, and the annual intercolonial match is this year being played in Melbourne. An | unusually wet spring, which delayed the I opening of the season some four or five I weeks beyond the ordinary timo, and the I commotion caused by the arrival of the Duke of Edinburgh, has no doubt had something to do with it; and besides, it must bo confessed that His Royal Ilighnoss was at soino pains to show that- he took no interest in the game, when he visited the Melbourne ground to seo the match between the Natives and All-comers,. which was easily won by the former. The only matches of > any interest played on tho Melbourne ground beyond the one just mentioned havo been-M.C.C. v. East Mel- bourne, Victorian Eleven v. Sixteen of 1 County of Bouike, and a practice match for the intercolonial, in which those selected to play in the annual contest took part. After the match with Sydney, the Victorian players go to.Tasmania, to meet an cloven of that colony in friendly rivalry. This match is to be played on the 20th and 21st January, at Hobart Town. The eleventh intercolonial' mutch with Sydney was commenced on the .Melbourne ground on the 20th inst., and, judging from the first tiny'.« play, the Victorians are likely to have the best of it. The following are the names of those engaged in the match : Victoria-Allen, Bennett, Campbell, Conway, Cosstick, Gibson, Greaves, Kelly, Robertson, Wardill, Wills (captain) ; J. Smith, umpire ; W. C. Hipwell, scorer. ' Sydney-Coates, Caffyn, Gordon, Gilbert, D. Gregory, E. Gregory, Hewitt, Laurence (captain), Sinclair, Sheridan, Thompson; Jos. Neale, M.L.A., umpire ; and Blair, scorer. THE NEW ZEALAND AND QUEENS- LAND GOLD-FIELDS. Very little information has reached us during the month respectinß the Now Zealand gold-fields, and nothing has transpired re- quiring special notice. The recently dis- covered auriferous ground in Queensland, though it has not yet realised the sanguine expectations formed concerning it, appears to .be turning out moderately well, and doubtless moro favourable accounts still will come to hand ere long. At Gympie Creek we learn that there are now assembled some 1,200 people, while miners continue to arrive. The prospectors have been the most successful ; for, while the other miners are not making over much, the men who secured the pros- pecting cluims aro said to be coining money. 1 he latest news from this gold-field is, that a quartz reef, from which very rich specimens have been obtained, has been struck. Seve- ral new rushes are repoited as having oc- curred in the Rosewood district, and at one place, Finnigan's Point, the auriferous depo- sits are exceedingly rich. SPORTING. The chief sporting event of the last month was the " Duke's Day " on Flemington course, November 30. In honour of the Prince's visit the Victoria Racing Club gave £1,G00 of public money to the various stakes to bo run I for, and the public attended in many thou- sands in compliment as well to the ¿uko as to themselves. The weather was that of a lovely Australian summer day, and there was both great sport and great enjoyment for all. The principal race of the day was one in which Sydney Tim Whifller proved himself to be at this time the best horse in these colo- nies, as follows : THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S STAKES. A handicap hwecpstakes of 5 sovs. each, 2ft., with SOO sovs. added, and 50 sovs. for the second horse, the third to save his stake. One mile and a half and a distance. Mr. 1 e Meatre's bh Tim Whifller, by Now Warrior, ß j ra, lOst. lib. (Driscoll).1 Mr. 1>. Melhado's b g Exile, aged, 8st. 41b. (Water- man) .2 Mr. J. Tait'8 bcFireworks, 3yra, 7st. 71b. (Stanley) 3 Mr. W. Craig'» b h Tim Whinier, 5 yrs, 8st. 01b. Mr. K. M. Bugot's gr m Cowra, 5 yrs, 8st. Mr. W. Field1» b g Strop, 0 yrs, 7st. 121b. Mr. J. Cleoland's b h Barwon, nged, 7st. 101b. Mr. J. Ilolniessb g Woodman, aged, 7st. 5lb. Mr. P. Ltwis's gr ¡j Tory boy, aged, 7st. 41b. Mr. J. Tait'« eli c Cloncoe, 3 yrs. 7*t. 31b. Mr. J. Lamb's eh a Cedric, aged, Cat. 121b. Mr. C. B. Fisher's b f Sylvia, a yra, (1st. 121b. Mr. Waldock ns br f Queen of Hearts, 3 yrs, Ost. 01b, Mr. C. B. Fisher's bro The Swell, 3 yrs, 6st. 71b. Mr. L. L. Smith's b f Lancashire Witch, 3 yrs, Ost. 41b. Betting.-a to 1 agst Sydney Tim, 3 to 1 ag8t Fireworks, 0 to 1 ogst Exile, 7, to 1 agst Sylvia, 5 to 1 agst Queen of Hearts, 13 to 1 agst any other. After one false start, in which Lancashire Witch got away for about a quarter of a mile, but returned to the post in time to get away with the rest, the flag fell, and so many horses went away in front together that it was difficult to see which was bearing his colours in the van. Evile's black and white stripe's first got in advance, but Barwon, on passing the Stand, rushed up, and made terrific running by the river siele, Fireworks going on second, Exile about sixth at the site of the old stand, and Sydney Tim eighth. Fiicworks caught Barwon at the Railway bridge, and Tim almost immediately after ian up into the third place. On reaching the scraping-blied, Barwon held out signals of distress, and, retiring to the rear, left Exile as the immediate follower of the two favourites. The pace, good'from the "start, had proved too much for all but the untiring, and at half a mile from home there were only three horses left in the race ; but it was a fine race between the three, and the heavy weight was first treated to whalcbono at tho last turn. The riders were busy upon all of them in the run home, and under the gentle influ- ence of the persuaders the horses answered gallantly, the great condition of Sydney Tim bringing him home a gallant winner by half a length, Fireworks beaten about a length for second money. Time, 2min. CGsec. Next in impoitancc came THE GA&ATEA; STAKES, Of 10 sovs. each, hnlf ft., with 250 sovs. added, and 60 sovs. for the second horse ; the third horse to save his stake. For three years old, Gst. 101b. ; four years old. 9st. ; five years old, 9st. Dib. ; six years and aged, Ost. liälb. Two miles. Mr. J. Tail's b c Firoworks, by Kolplo, 3 yrs (Sul- livan) .1 Mr. J. Tail's ch o Glencoo 3 yrs. (Bonnott) .. .. 2 Mr. C. B. Fisher-« br I The Fly, 3 yn (Jamieson) .. 3 Mr. E. M. Bngot's gr m Cowra, 6 yis Mr. 0. B. Fisher's b f Sylvia, 3 yrs Mr. Do Mcstro's b li Tim Whifller (Driscoll), 5 yrs. Betting.-2 to 1 and 3 to 1 on Tim Whifller. Fireworks went off with the lead, Sylvia second, Tim third, and Glencoe fourth. In this order they passed the stand, but at the riverside Glencoe and Mr. Fisher's two closed up on the favourite. Driscoll then made an effort to get through his horses, on the_ in- side ; but in so doing he was brought against one of the posts, which was broken oft short and thrown into the air. This accident left Fireworks and Glencoe in first and second places, where they remained to the finish, winning with ridiculous ease, the two miles being run in ¡tarin. 43sec. ; The Fly was beaton off behind Glencoe, but saved her stake as third horse. It was noticed that the colours of the best sportsmen wcic once more in the van, Mari- byrnong taking, however, only a smali prize, and being unlucky in a bad start for Fenella in the Sapling Stakes. Mr. G. Watson ran iirst in the Steeplechase with his Banker, and second in the Huidle Race with Pyrrhus. Mr. De Mestre and Mr. John Tait divided the chief honours of Prince Alfred's own day tho foi mer carrying off the Duke of Edin- burgh's Stakes. Mr. Tait won the Galatea Stakes, a weight for age at two miles, with his line colt Fireworks. Mr. Tait's victory would be rejoiced at but that Sydney Tim met with an accident in running the race that threw out his winning chances, and the sporting worlil has yet to sec the great old horse beaten on his merits by any youngster at two miles. Ballarat races, on last Wednesday, Thurs- day, and Friday, were not equal to the glories of former yeais at the metropolitan gold- field, the two race meetings in Melbourne having used up or engaged most of the best horses. The veteran Exile, several times be foie "in trouble" on this ground, won very easily the best prize of tho meeting-the Ballarat Cup-but dropped down dead on tinning round to go to scale. The Steeple- chase was won by Reindeer, and the Ballarat lluntlieap by Snip-a well-known provincial celebrity of some years' experience, under light weights, in moderate company. The Inteicolonial Cricket Match between Victoria and New South Wales commenced yesterday on the Melbourne cricket ground. The Victorian Eleven went in first, and made 252 runs. Mr. R. W. Wardill played a mag- nificent innings of 110, and Mr. Robertson made 53. THEATRES. The various events that have taken place in the theatrical world during the past month, ¡dtbough not unusually interesting, have been of a rather miscellaneous cha- racter. To the satisfaction of every one, Madame Celeste, who prior to the departure of the last mail had taken a farewell benefit, consented, at the special request; of the Duke of Edinburgh, to enter into a short engage- ment at the Haymarket Theatre. Her first appearance before II.H.H. was as Miami in tho "Green Bushes," on which occa sion the house was crowded , from pit to gallery. Tins accomplished actress never appeared lo bettor advantage. During the performance she was sevoral times called before the curtain, ' and greeted with rounds of enthusiastic applause and bouquets innumerable. Since then she has ap- peared in two of her best characters, and lias been ' well received. Madame Celeste playing only on Royal command nights, the theatre has been in the intervals occupied by a company of .lupane.se jugglers,:the Lehman ballet troupe, 31 r. Hoskins, and i latterly by Mr. John Collins, the Irish comedian, who has been drawing good houses. The old favourite, " Flyiug Scud," was revived at tho Theatre Royal, and enjoyed a-short but highly succeshful run. The Martinetti ballet troupe completed a brief'engagement, after which Lyster's opera company trans- ferred themselves to this theatre, but for some reason or other they have been unable to diaw such good houses as their per fommnccs used to attract. Not that Madam1 Escott and Mr. Squires, or any other members of the company, have fallon in the estimation of tho public ; they aro just as great favourites as ever they were, but the reason appears to be that the Melbourne au- diences have grown tired of opera. Be this as it may, it is certain that the past season has been an unsuccessful one. " Kaust," " L'Africano," "Lucrezia Borgia," " William Tell," and "La Sonnanibiua" have been produced, and on Saturday night the company made their last appearance. It is stated that a new Italian company, under Mr. Lystcr's management, will ap- pear at the Haymarket Theatre in the early part of January. Mr. Walter Montgomery, after having made a short professional tour through the country districts, has returned to Melbourne, where ne has latterly been giving readings and recitals, which have become ex- ceedingly popular. St. George's-hall, which ho has taken for the purpose, is invariably crowded, a large proportion of the audience consisting of persons who, having a strong desire to witness the rare elocutionary powers which Mr, Montgomery possesses, have a de- cided objection to entering a theatre. The rendering of the " Bells,"' " Lord Tom j Noddy," the "Charge of the Light Brigade," I and several other popular pieces, has given immense satisfaction. Mr, and Mrs. Case ' have for the last few nights been playing at the Polytechnic-hall, where they havo been justas well patronised as on their first appear- ance in Melbourne. The performances at the Varieties, where Miss Annio Bramley is the chief attraction, still continue to be interest- ing. - COMMERCIAL SUMMARY. THE MAIX.8. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S.S. Bombay, Captain G. C. Burne, left her anchorage on the afternoon of the 28th tilt., for Point de Gallo, with the European and Indian mails on board. The P.N.Z. and A.R.M. Co.'s s.S. Mataura, Captain G. E. Bird, R.N.R., reached Sydney at nine a.m. on the 1st December. She left Panama on the morning of 24th October. The Mataura, from the date of leaving Panama to the 15th No- vember, had fine weather and fair wind, and then a succession of strong S.W. and westerly gales, at intervals blowing hard, with a heavy head sea. On the night of the 20th it blew with greater violence and heavier sea running, was obliged to stop the engines for three hours on account of ship plunging and engines racing ; kept away two points to avoid the sea. Towards morning of the 21st the weather moderated ; at nine a.m. made the land about Cape Turnagain, and arrived at Wellington at four a.m. on the' 22nd November. The P. and 0. Com Îiany's R.M.S.S. Avoca, Captain Farquhar, laving the mails on board, anchored ni the bay at seven o'clock on the morning of the 16th. The Avoca left Point de Calle at a quarter-past four p.m. on the 25th ult., and arrived at King George's Sound at half-past ten a.m. on tho 10th inst. STATU OP Tit A D13. During the first week of the month the festivities and rejoicing which tho arrival of His Royal Highness Prince Alfred gave rise to, bubiness was altogether lost sight of. An improvement, however, set in immediately afterwards, and has continued with moro or less activity since. On the 1st of the month the Panama mail reached Sydney, with dates from New York to the 10th Uctober, and from England by post to 2nd October, and by telegraph to 11th October, was telegraphed from Sydney, but nothing of interest has been added to what had previously come to hand via Galle. The airival of the Penin- sular and Oriental Company's .steamer with the mails via Galle was looked forward to with some anxiety, but it was not until thu 16th that she made her appearance in nob son's Bay. Advices generally were consi- dered satisfactory, and wero the means of exciting a speculativemunia, through which the holders of many staple products, pre- viously depreciated below their legitimate value, have largely prolited. Of candles, some 12,000 boxes have changed hands. In bieadstufts great excitement has prevailed. Sales have not been huge, owing to the near approach of harvest, but the price of flour advanced £4 per ton, and wheat Is. Gd. per bushel. About 1,500 tons of iiour and some 40,000 bushels wheat arc about tho sales re- corded. Of oats, some 40,000 bushels Cali- fornian, in addition to large eales of colonial, havo been quitted ; over 30,000 bushels of maize have also found buyers, and an ad- vance in price has been established equal to Is. 3d. on oats, and Is. on maize. The sales of malt have amounted to 30,000 bushels to arrive, and to about 35,000 bushels on the spot. In kcroseno oil, speculative purchases were made to the ex- tent of 63,000 cases, about 26,000 of which have been resold at an advance of 4d, to Gd. per gallon. Of salt, some 700 tons have been quitted. Sugars figure in the month's sales to the extent of 31,500 bags. The greater part of the Tien- tsin's and Woodbine's cargoes of tea was disposed of by public auction, in addition to the private sales effected. Timber has been extensively sold, the sales comprising cargoes of cedar, hard- wood, flooring, lumber, and deals. Brandy, to the extent of SOO lihd. of Otard's, C.V.P., Ilennessy's, and Martell's changed in two days last week on speculation ; the prices have not as yet been much influenced thereby. Advices fiom Calcutta to 7th November mention no departures during the month. The Philibert was loaded with rice ; but hav- ing met with damage in the cyclone, the charter was said to havo been abandoned. Our dates from Foo-ehow-foo reach to 24th October. EXCHANGE ANO MONEY. On the exchange for this mail no alteration is to be made, the rate ruling last month (par) being fixed for the present month. Money is plentiful, the supply being moro than equal to the demand. The discount rates at all the hanks are steady at seven per cent, for ninety day bills, and eight per cent, tor bills having four months to run. Interest continues to be allowed on deposits lodged with seven' days' notice of withdrawal, attbnîc per cent. ; four per cent, for three months, and six per cent, for six months' notice. WOOL. ,The sales of wool went off both in Mel- bourne and Geelong with considerable spirit until the mail's arrival, sinre which a decline of a halfpenny per pound had to be submitted to on good clips, whilo ordinary and inferior sorts have fallen one penny to three half- pence. The quantity disposed of embraces 11,051 bales, and latest quotations are: Greasy, 6¿d. to 12Jd. ; fleece, 14Ad. to23¿d. STOCK AND STATIONS. From Deniliquin (through the Pastoral Times) we learn that there have been some scorching days since our last. On Tuesday, the 10th, the thermometer was up to 148° in the sun ; the heat culminated on that evening. We had a storm of wind, and a little sprin- kling of rain now and again. The water is drying up fast ; the strong winds sweep away the dust, until the vast level plains look like huge seas, with rolling foam passing over them. Considerable quantities of wool are going down still. There is work for the dray- men for many months to come. The great bulk of the wool has been sent to Melbourne, the difficulties bavingbecnovorcomeatthe rail- way terminus, Echuca. The only sale of station piopertyrepoitcd during the month is that of the Brocklesby Station, New South Wales, together with 11,500 sheep, 30 cattle, 8 horses, and 1,020 acres purchased land, to Messrs. Anderson and King, for £9,747 sterling. Terms-One-third cash ; balance at one and two years, with eight per cent, interest added. INCREASE OF WOOL. As a proof of the increase in the production of wool this season in Riverina, we learn that about ten days ago the returns showed that 10,000 bales more had arrived in Echuca than the total returns for the whole of the previous season. Tho estimated value of the wool re- ceived up to the date referred to amounted to about a quarter of a million. OUR SURPLUS STOCK/ The question of the best means of dis- posing of the surplus horse stock is attract- ing great attention now in Riverina, and the answer seems to be, as in the case of sheep and cattle, "boil them down." Tho Tumut' Times says : --"Now, when horses are almost unsaleable and when sold from the pounds realise ridiculous rates, from Od. upwards, it may .he satisfactory to their owners to hear that there is a prospect of their soon possess- ing a proper commercial valuo. One of our enterprising breeders on the Murrumbidgee, in the neighbourhood of Gundagai, last week experimentalised upon a fat but otherwise useless horse, as to the profit of boiling-down, After the process had been carefully carried I out, he realised lifteen gallons of pure oil, that he readily sold at the first offer in Gun- dagai, for currying purposes, at Cs, Gd, To this is to be added the price of the hide, the value of the hair, the glue from the hoofs, \ and the bones fcrmanure-all of which would be realised if the process was carried out iu a .large and systematic manner." , MEAT PRESERVING. A number of gentlemen met at the Oriontal Rice-mills, Flinders-street, a few duys ago for the purpose of witnessing Mr. S. s! Ritchie's process of preserving meat, and also to form an opinion as to the quality of the article itself. Samples of beef and mutton which were prepared some time ago were produced, and, having been tasted, were found to be in excellent condition, having lost none of their flavour or tenderness. All present agreed that the process, simple and inexpensive as it is, has, judging from tho results which havo already been witnessed, proved itself to be a highly successful one. GOVERNMENT LITIGATION. The Customs duties litigation of 18Ö5 has popped up again in the Supieme Court, on the argument of demurrers in the coses of The Queen ». Bowman and Henty v. The Queen. Both coses arise out of a claim by the Crown for tea duties, on the scale of the full duties imposed by law before the passing of the new tariff. In the first action the Queen sues for £1,500 of duties. The de- fendant Bowman pleads that he awed this amount jointly with Uiown and Reid for duties on tea, at the full rate of ¡3d. ia the lb. ; that the Assembly passed a resolu- tion lowering the duties ; that theieupon tho teas in respect of which the full duties are now claimed of Bowman were entered for home consumption at tho lowered duty, and bonds given by Blown for payment of tho full duties if the resolution of the Assembly should not be confirmed by Act of Parliament; and that the resolution was not so confirmed. As Brown's bond has become comparatively worthless, the Crown seeks to fix Bowman on his original liability to the duties. He,' in his turn, contends that he was discharged by the Crown's acceptance of the bond of Browrr alone. In the other case, the petitioner Henty sues as trasteo of the estate o£ Brown and Reid. The Couit reseived its judgment, but has since given its decision in favour of the Crown. CUSTOMS REVENUE. The Customs revenue for October and November exhibits a lamentable falling off, as compaicd with any of the previous months of the year. For the nine months ending with September the average monthly receipts were £121,000 ; for the last two months they have not exceeded £00,000. This is doubtless due to the collection of so large an amount of duty on spirits towards the end of Sep- tember. The deficiency in the Customs re- venue can now be stateel almost with preci- sion. The nine months ending September yielded £1,089,000 ; October and November, £180,000 ; December may return £101,001), although it is scarcely probable it will afford so much. Thus the revenue foi the year will be just about £1,370,000. As Mr. Verdon reckoned on obtaining £1,532,000, it is toler- ably certain that his deficiency on Customs alone will amount to £102,000, or £117,000 moie than he was willing to jilead guilty to in July last. PROTECTION FALLACIES. The protectionist millennium ought to be vciy near. Thus far the exports of 1807 have exceeded tho imports. We have sent out more than we have received ; we have parted with goods which we value at £10,189,000, and in return we have obtained others which we value at £9,975,000. Thus, according to Mr. .1 enner and his friends, the colony is being enriched, and by a perpetual îepetition of this process of giving more for less, will soon become excessively wealthy. Surely, if the protectionists be not false piophets, weare on the high load to fortune. VICTOMAN I.ETTEK-W KITING. The following is a return showing the number of letters, packets, and newspapers received at and despatched from Victoria per Peninsular and Oriental Company's Royal Mail ships during the month of November, 1807 [-Received per Geelong, 48,49(5 letters, 2,261 packets, 98,088 newspapers ; despatched per Bombay, 37,591 letreis, 419 packets, 64,706 newspapers ; making a total of 80,087 letters, 2,080 packets, and 102,794 newspapers. AUbTRALIAX ALLIANCE INSURANCE COMPANY. An extraordinary general meeting of the Australian Alliance Assurance Company has been held, to get the assent of the share- holders to the formation of a life reserve fund, in accoi dance with the act of incor- poration. A resolution mo\cd by Air. Mac- mahon and seconded by Dr. Wilkie, was unanimously passed, as follows :-" That the necessary sum be now set apart, out of the receipts of the life assuianco branch of the company's business, to form, with tho accumulations thereof, a life reserve fund, pursuont to the Act No. 305 ; and that the directors do invest the said fund in such securities and in such manner as they may think fit." It was explained, in the courso of a conversation which followed, that the amount which was to be now Bet apoit as the nucleus of a reserve lund had been asceitained by the actuary, and that the sum was considered amply sufficient to meet any deterioration in the lives assured by tho company. In reply to one or two questions, the chairman desired tho shareholders to undeistand that this was by no means the entire reserve fund of the company-it was only the nucleus of a reserve fund for the life branch, tv Inch could not be touched by losses which might be sustained in any other branch of the business. IMPORTS AND EXPOMS. The value of the imports during the woek ending 21st inst. amounted to £289,121. Q£ appaieland slops the amount was £3,440 ; beer, £6,005 ; boots and bhoes, £9,915 ; candles, £7,128; coal, £4,000; opium, £0,075 ; paper, £0,594 ; specie (gold), £30,000 ; sugar, £10,570; woollen piece goods, £8,180 ; kerosene, £13,878; blandy, £1G,CS7; tobacco (manufactured), £36,203. The exports amounted to £353,522. They included black sand, £4,090 ; drapery, £5,645 ; flour, £4,117 ; sugar (lefiued), £5,112 ; tallow, £3,018 ; tobacco (manufactured), £3,175;. wool, £287,727. The following table gives the imports and exports since the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 18C0 : Week ending Imports. 18G6. 1807. Exports. s180fl. 1807. 10 Jan. 6 Jan. 12 Jan. 10 Jan. 28 Fob. 2 Fob. 0 Feb. Fell __ March 2 March 0 March 10 March 28 Mnrch 30 April 6 April 13 April 20 April 27 May 4 May 11 May l8 May 26 Juno 1 Juno 8 June IB Juno 22 Juno 29 July 0 July 13 July 20 July 27 Aug. 3 Aug. 10 Avg. 17 Aug. 24 Aug. 31 Sept, 7 Sept. 14 Sept. 21 Sept. 28 Oct. 5 Oct. 12 Oct. 19 Oct. £8 Kiiv. 2 Nov. 0 Nov. 10 Nov. 23 Nov. 30 Dec. 7 Dec. H Dec. 21 £ 310,401 250,717 100,804 170,400 212,321 358,748 392,100 233,014 208,005 200,285 377,771 240,570 105,305 198,835 144,858 391,037 131,620 202,900 307,240 243,895 120,304 347,880 320,967 307,808 300,120 227,063 155,091 222,241 271,134 170,749 354,874 350,911 400,822 242,668 230,071 230,988 261,200 358,613 259,180 312,878 214,454 437,361 187,685 330,468 247,134 267,095 108,023 241,054 202.059 267,084 240,820 £ 343,447 378,060 300,408 210,874 231,807 214,364 193,988 330,475 293,454 287,223 241,407 190,405 98,724 147,342 404,010 130,416 200,802 207,054 207,709 173,680 133,610 68,912 201,397 167,167 217,888 99,150 222,708 185,683 194,388 300,617 200,058 148,080 144,799 188,801 217,284 187,120 205,958 117,812 230,890 228,746 143,632 186,124 105.747 26S.108 300,389 228 400 101¡530 72,182 119,938 179,090 289,121 £ 145,411 182,470 174,984 600,995 142,011 267,877 74,031 027,200 182,610 180,807 100,071 451,696 111,780 00,003 171,811 84,815 472,160 118,271 61,809 877,087 303.207 61214 212,719 47,401 40,374 0O3.46J 101,207 170,041 110,317 879,085 81,284 202,831 95,002 231,667 820,137 02,655 95,510 179,605 420,331 83,870 339,413 135,430 432,109 213,443 326,275 200.9S7 436,882 389,087 250 683 "181,2.19 155,608 & 397,609 283,480 219,074 618,328 105,942 243,047 293,419 143,640 327,618 89,042 234,234 205,048 236,435 182,610 5-2,608 276,310 210,129 224,349 80 291 160,215 122,324 28Í.942 278,001 37,267 63,164 378,855 129,026 189,000 03,590 245,204 142,018 131,205 70,602 432,728 308,378 31,301 70,025 261,007 170,142 820,371 52,251 37,044 440,653 259,374 67,792 430,701 232,455 283,765 609,272 62,332 353/i22 18,418,491110,503,590 111,602,700111,115,135 During the first period the account stood thus :-. ' imports .'£1.1,418,494 Exports .11,502,700' Balance of importa o> cr exporta £1,915,794 During the second period :- '. r Imports Exports Balanr« of exports over imports £651,545 ' Comparing tho above periods with each other, the results are as under : Importa in 1866 .. , .. ..£13,418,494 Import« in 1807 ?.10,663,500 - Decrease.£2,854,904' Exports in 1S0Ö .. ' .. ' ..£li',50Z,70O Exporta in 1867 .11,115,135 Decrease .. .... .. £387,60r> STOCKS Iii BOND. The following wero the stocks in bond at Melbourne on the 19th of December : liiandj, 5,414} hhds, 16,035 cises , rum, 837^ hhds , 700 caws, geneva, 7{ hhds , 37 099 casts red, 2,217 do green , whiskey, 377 hhds, 4,070 cases , gin (sweetened), 430 cases; cordials, 2,124 casts, spnits of wine, 51} hhds , other spnits 21¿ hhds, 8,089 cases, wine, 7,7fej hhds, 37,194 casts ; beer, 3,719 hhds, 17,556 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufactured), 2180 hulf titi ces, 1,999 quarter-tierces, 8 S5rl three quarter boxes and bo\ts, 5,04b cases- total, 2,894,4Gllb , do (unmanufac- tured), 102 hhds and casks, 85 cases 1,850 bales-total 045,8801b , cigais, 725} cases total, 9b,J531b , snuff, 21 packages , tea, 22,108 chests, 30 705 half chests, 14,074 boves , coffee, 18M bags 4 tu rets, 115 casks, 250 barrels-total, 5G0 7711b , sugar- Mauntius, ?8,487 bats, Manilla, $1,266 bigs, Java 15 525 bags , other, 1,53-1 tons, 646 cases and casks, molasses, G2 tons , chicory, Ibu" pack- ages , opium (prtpiutd) 25 packages-total, 1 5671b , dried fruits 4,190 packages, rice,. 3 769 bags, 5 barrels, malt 7,539 bags , colo- nial spnits 089 hhds , bottled fruits 240 pack- ages , candles, 1442 chests' and packages, i 336 boxes, cocoa and chocolate, l61 coses , preseivtd meats, fish, A,t , 20 146 packages , huttei, b-B packages , nuts, 126 packages, salt, 104 packages, do rock, 692 cwt , hams and bacon, 2,118 packages, con fectioncry, ¿¿c , 926 casis, oilmen s stores, 20,104 casts , maicena, 1,939 bo\es, soap 90 oases and casks , jams, 1 05G cases , var nish, 452 tases and casks ; cheese, 793 packages , vinegar, 5G8 casts and 483 casks , saddltrj ltatherwart, &c; , 25 packiges, toy s andwoodtnware 3D packages, brushwarcaud ?wickcrwaic 150 packages, furniture, 8")8 cases, musical instruments, 1 cast, mil huery, dinpery, hosiery, soft goods ¿c, 2,226 cases, woollens 78 packages , apparel and slops, 224 packages, hats, bonnets, and caps, 670 packages , boots and shoes, 90G packigts, eaithenwaro and glasswaie, S~i packages , jewellery and plate, 26 tases , oaf* 1 340 bags , barley 8,241 bags , flour, C.924 bags, maize, 744 bags, tmpentine oil, mid kciobtno, 09,715 citscs, sacks and bags, 9,15 packages , drugs, 382 packages , non ware, WJ packages, wheat 1'111 bags, cordage, *il packatjts, stationery and papei, 172 cases , leadwarc, 40 cases , brasswarc, 13 cases THF FIA-V. Mill, COMI'VNY A meiting of the Flax mill Company «as held at 0< elong a few days since 11 was le ported that some of the crops weic being pulled, stteptd, and the flux, prepaicd for dressing The early sovnciops were looking veil, but the late appeared to be lather deficient Some iUx had been exhibiti d it tht national show, and the five guinea gold medal aw mied therefoi 'Ihirtyacitsplanted ?with flax were about to be tested by the directors REVIEW Ox THE STOCK AND SHARD MARh.LT Tiii/iisoAY LvPMNfi, DKC 20 There lias been a larger aincuntof business this mon til than has ben done m tlio December of any previous jenr Anil lilli lias bean in despito of numerous out- side hindrances Tlio festivities and ceremonies in connexion willi tlio Usitof Ills Royal Highness tlio Duke ol Edinburgh, has necessitated numerous holidays, and pro occupied the time and attention of speculators Avery brisk business in January Is con. fluently anticipated Ono potent causo of activitv ha» been the discover} aud successful working «1 ft rich wash, at a comparatively shallow depth, tv tho Great Northern Freehold Company, and eo«d prospect« havo bcon obtained, bj a mim ber of undertakings formed to work adjoining claims, which, of courso, havo boon rapid)} tal on up or bought llio ground has generally required to bo purchased, the freehold being mostly in piivalo hands Hie worst feature Is Ibu snullncss of the area ?of ne me of the now undertakings, tho shares of which have, however, been in brisk lequcst, and largo sums Lave been neited by early inrestors Hie names of tlio most popular of theso fresh \ entures aro the Great Northern, Webster sti cot Iroehold, Now Northern, Daniel Webster, Young Pul o, Clairvoyant, Ive« Independent, and North Star Companies Lui gation during the month has been generally in favour of the older titles and against the privateer pro jecta, which aro alvvavs seeking Haws in titles as toon as rich ground is reached This lias given confidence to outside investors, who, hovvovor deficient the legal rights of the undertakings they buy into liny bo, uro not responsible foi laches of management Ou publie grounds therefore it is generally hailed willi satisfaction in town »hen tho 1 crsons ttelinie illy know n as " Jumpers fail in tholi attacks Investment stocks aro firm, with a good feeling and an upward tendency There Is abundance of capital avallablo, but it is naturally absorbed by in vestmcuta giving more than the rates obtvimvble through tbo purchase of debenture securities or bank stocks at their present current prices Thero is plontv of room for Ki>nllsh capital in sound, reliable', and lasting undertakings, and looking at the low ritos current in tlio London market, it is a matter of surpnM) that moro mono} docs m t lind its way hlthor ward Meterla Govcrûment si* per cent deben luios havo been eagerly sought, and for local Issue (non remittablo) 102 has been freely paid, and is still offered, nothing In the market under UM Hobsons ïiy debentures have not been dealt in All other linds aro so scarce as to be vutually unobtainable Hunks-Colonial flank receded to ¡1(115s , at winch only n low hundred shares ehan^cd hands , that prico is offered for quantity, mid £7 Is asked Commercial Hank have moved at £4 2s to C4 Is Their business has only one diavvback, viz , tho comparativo suiull ncss of their capital as contrasted with the older hist! tutions lhcy have more good business offered tlieni tluu theyknowwli.it to dovvlth, with another £100,000 this bank would soon tako an important position National Bank have bceu dealt in it tS 11s bd to£j 12s (k1 , and are wanted at tlio latter, shares on the loudon register sold at ¿5 lis Hank of New buuth Vt iles havo changed bands at ¿45, £40, £40 5s Tkmk of ?> letona placed at £ Jil Bis, £JS 1.2s öd , £¡18 16s , and remain about these quotations , London ri0ibttr would command something more Land llutgugo Bank saleable at £2 das Companies - .ballarat Gas sold at ti) 10s , and worth £0 7s Od Bendigo Gas have risen from £2 15s to £J Colling wood and Fitzroy Gas improved to £G 10s , at which a lew aro still obtainable Daylesford worth £S 10s Melbourne Gas sold up to Li 10s, and Iii m Insurance Companies - Amtialaoian Flroand Marine havo been done al 20s to ¿lié .closing at ah öd sellers Austral »ian Life shares taken at 12s Od Alliance Assurance lèverai times sold at 10s Southern Insurance largely token at ¿Us cash, and lilghor on terms this «empaiiy s business is v ory good Bendigo Water works wanted at 16s Hobsons Bay Railway shares aro nominally at ¿50 The financial half year of a Urge number of tho leading metropolitan companies terminates on the Jlst December, and dividends will be forthcoming in January lu no case is a decline in rates ef dividend anticipated lito dividends paid duriutr the four weeks ending December 21 amount to £70,020 all from milling, \lt, from alluvinl mines, £07,010, and from quart? mines, £11,080 Hie current prices for all mining stocks are given lu the stock and sliaro list Tho de tolled dividends during tho mail month havo leen ns follow -lor week ending November ¿0 Albion, Ballarat, ti pel 0,417th , Albion, Steiglitz', 10i per 2,200th , Argus, Bendigo, Od por 20,000th, Golden Horn, bpiintdallab, 10s per 2,500th, Gi uni Trunk, bpriIiL,dullah 10s per 1,000th, Great liorthcra ^leebold, lr>s per 2,2d0tb, Leviathan, Ulsck Uiver, 10s per íi.OOüth, Cortil Johnsons, Bendigo, Shi pel 22,000tb , lry again, Springdallah, £1 per 720lh, United Intended Band of Hope, llullurut, 12s Od per 12 800th, \ ictoria, Clunes, Iff 6d per 060th, Wheal Kitty, £30 per 2sth ioi week ending Dccembor-7-Al, Castlo Roof, 0s per 1,500th, Comet Company, Bondigo, Od per SPOOOth, Cricket Reseño, bnllorat, 7s Bd per 10,000th, Lllcsmcro Company, Bendigo, 1» per H,000th , National, Durham, 5s per ¿,200th, Now hy ton,Balhirat,10a pcr2,000th, UnitedWorkniirMiners, £1 per 4 800th, Western Fruohoid, 10s per 3,000th lur week ending December 14 -Argus, Bendigo, Od per 20,000th, Alias, bpnngdallali, 7s (lil per 1 108th , Ballarat J-rcohold, 10s per 3,000th, Blackhill, Bal larat, 5s per 2,480th , Buninyong Company, 4s per 4,tC0tU, Clunes Alluvial, £7 per full sharo, Clunes Company (quartz) 7s per 2,000th, Try again, Spring dallah, £1 per 720th, United Extended Band of Hope, îs Od per 12,800th, \ ictoria, Clunes, 15s per OOUth , Walhalla, Stringer's Creek, £4 per 000th, Wheal Kitty, Springdallah, £18 per 2Mb 1 or week ondlng Bccember 21 -Albion, ballarat, £1 per 0 447th, Cricket Reserve, Ballarat, 7s Od per 10,000th, Junction, Raspberry Creek, Js Od per 1,500th, Punco of Wales. Ballarat, £1 6s per 8, (43rd, t nited Workliw Minera', Ballarat, £1 per 4,800th, ?Western Freehold, Ballarat, 10s per 3,000th Tlio following aio the principal Ballarat and district yields for the mail month -Albion, J.llJoz. , Hand ol Hope, 3,478o,: , Ballarat Iroehold, l,037oz .Bunill 5'ng, 340oz , Buninyong Now, 420oz , Black hill, 40ÜOZ, , Cricket Reserve, l,820oz , Gieat Northern, tt"oz , Great Gulf, 414ez., Inkermann and Durham, 4440/ t Kohinoor, jáJoz , Leviathan,JlSoz , Na tlonal, JflOoz. , Newington, l,240oz Now Bal larat, 702oz , Park, 818oz , Prince of Wales, 4"85oz , Rose-hill, 23807 , Scottisli and Cornish, lCOOoz , .Speculator, 169oz , Sonsoflroedora, 29l)oz , tinted Sir William Don, Ö2ÖOZ. United Working lllncib, 3,3iloz , Vicstoni Freehold, l,7Jloz , Vic turn Clunes, BlUoz , Port Phillip, 2 511oz , South Cunes, 127oz , Clunes United, 05o? , Ballarat ana Cum» Alluvial, ltlooz Smytuesdale District-Grant «id pam, bW/oz , lr\ Again, 57Uoz .Atlas, 17807 , CuWen Horn, UJOoz., Wheal kitty, 2Sloz .Golden fcucaui, 41Uo/ , North Grenville, 183oz. , Buto, 210OZ., nivelle}, 78oz ; United Oiand Junction, 11% , Bleak o Day, 657oz , Atlas and I luton, 07«z "le following aro tlio principal Bendigo yields, omit 'Iii! those under 2Tuz -tor weekending 30th Nov -Mnriilni; Jiejit 02o¿ , W indmlll hill, 48oz ; Comet umpaiiy, 125oz , Catherine United, 15Joz .Alliance, M«z., Johnsons, J7oz , North Devonshire, 27oz., Fllckincro, lOOoz .Lower Huntly Compati), lOOoz , Ml Desperandum, 210oz ; Bonatti and Co , *)loz., Koblu Hood, uOoz. For tho week ending 7th Decom lei-hllcsmcro Company, OCoz., North Johnson, 112oz , Cornish and Welsh Company, 152oz , Her coles Company, 32oz , Johnson's Reef, J9oz , Comet Çouipaii), 7COZ., Frederick the Great, 84oz., North Mar (alluvial), 40oz , Hustlers Reef, 07oz rir tho week ending Hill Doe - Kllcsnicre, llloz., llnckciizle and Gray, Marong. OSoz., Bird's Roof, Sjiot., Comet, 730Z., Johnson's Reef, J7oz , Long fully, M Ivor, 43oz ; Alliance, 71oz , Catherine tnitcd, 127oz Lady Barkly, 40oz . Royal Albert, 2507.., LNtondcd Hustler's, 50oz , Argus Company, Bailor's Gully, 201oz. For week ending 21st Do comber - Frederick tho Orcat, Sebastian, 124oz , Wth star (alluvial), 8Goz. , ttlndmlU bill, 58oz., «arong (alluvial), 29oz. , Johnum's Reef, J5uz , Comet, 80oz., Ellesmere, 170oz., North Johnson, Woz. The No 2 Lucky claim, Alexandra, now the Tfjl Company, has Just crushed 20 tons quartz, yielding 7690Z. lOdwt. gold, and has declared a divl otad of £i s« per 2,400tli share MELBOURNE MONTHLY WIIOLKSALE PRICES CURRENT. Tho Argus Office, Thursday Evening. Tlio week succeeding the departuro ef the Novem- ber mall was, in consequence of II.Il.II. Prineo Alfred's arrival, completely dovotcd to holiday making and pleasuro-sccklng, but this was moro than atoned for in tlio impetus that was imparted to tho market, and tlio improved tone which subsequently pervaded business in all Its brandies. Bulk ales havo not bec» much noticed. In bagging, comsacks and woolpacks have been neglected, but gunn) bag-" li ivo had moro attention. Candiel havo fluctuated const derabl), advincing ljd. per lb., and then leccdlng Id. Cements havo not been brisk. Fish mid fmils lim o | impioud in value. Breadstuff's havo been sun jectcd to considerable excitement. A largo ad- vance lina been established in tiorso corn, oats ami maire having risen in valuo fully 30 per cent. Ne» 1807 lions have met with hu)urs nt 3s. (id. Larçre sulot of'malt linvo been effeetocl, and higher rates atlimptcd to bo established, without, howevor, inuoli success ok jet. A -vcry ordinary trade has beor, done in metals. In oils, speculative purchases in korosono to a \crj large extent have been recorded. Provisions have bcon moro dealt in. Quicksilver has also been cleared off llic inarkot by speculators, llicu lias not altered much, prices being too high to admit ot their going up much further. Salt lins declined in vniuo. Sugar«, litter receding £3 per ton, aro again recovering slowly. In teas, a fair trado has been done. Timber lias been extensiv ely operated in. Tobacco has been somewhat depressed. Brandies huvo beon e vtonslv ely »uruiaM.il on spéculation, without, however, atieitlng price«. Ale and Stout.-There has boon llttlo business doing throughout tlio month in bulk ales, for though stocks of most of the favourite brands have been »Oil um doun, the demand generally has been too limited to allow that circunistatico to have much effect upon prices, the benson now at a closo having hitherto been enid and wintry, liana's No. 4 ale hua been soiling lu trade pareils at £S 6s., and an attempt was lately madu lo establish highor rates. There is, hu« ever, not much probability of succeeding In this. About tho middle of the month somo ISO hilda, and barróla in faulty condition were cleared oil at low prices. Quotations, however, of sound havo ruled at £ü 6s. for îio. 4, whllo No. 3, of willoh there liat> been llttlo in tho market, has bcon quoted £710s. Joule's ale lias hetn kept at £8 6«. tn £8 "s öd., and milo» ot Mar nan's lim e been mudo al £3 6s. Tho Carlisle Com- pany 's has been nominal!) quoted at £7 16». ; pur- chasers of quantities would, however, bo allowed a tempting cimcesyion on titi* ilguro lu pretorince to losing a sale. Tho Trent Drew cry Company's alo lina been disposed of at £7. We have not beard of much trado having been dono in Scotch ales, price« of which have ranged from £5 to £0. Bulk stouts have remained neglected, und the article is scared) worth referring to at all. Whitbrcad'B old brew has been cleared off at £3 12s. 6d. to £1. Tlio Lion Brewer) old is offering at £4 ; the now of this brand has all been placid at ?0 to £0 6s. Tlio Artil- lery Brewer) Company is quoted £U 10s. to £0 16s., but wo hear of no eales. Bottled ales of favourito brands have met with a freo inquiry, more especially Tennant'«, which is eagerly «ought after, and ahlp ments as they como f orw ard are al once picked up by the trado; upwards of 2,000 cuses have this inunili been disposed of ut 10s., without satisfylug tlio de- mand. Thorc arc bujers of Foster's alo at 10s., but the agents hav c been out of stock for somo time. Jcffrej's is wanted at 0s. Od ; Allsopp'«, in nice con diliou, is ulso saleable at asimilar figuro. Tor Wood's vv o quoto fls. Od. Anol's is lu fair requestatfls 3d. But a moderate business has been done m bottled stouts, at about last mouth's llgurcs. Edmonds' Pig brand has boen quitted at IO", for small lots, but no quantity cuuld be got rid of unies al a considerable reduction, llenr.v White and Co.'s has nono alovvl) into the bands of the trade at 10s liuinncss's(Buike'.s bottling) has been quitted at tis. Od. Sales ot Mackie anil Gladstone's have been inado atOs. Od. Blood's in now readily saleable at Ils. Od., and Arrol's is quitted nt ÍH 3d. ïlio Artillerj Broivor) Co 's has been kept al (Is 3d., but without attracting much notico. M.iohoii'6 is nominally quoted 0s. 3d , but no sales can be effected over tis. in quantit). Dunplij 's has realised 0s. Burthw îck's has been sold at fcs. fld , and we learn of a .shipment of Scrogglo's having realised fas. Od. Bj ass's is placed at from 8s. 3d. to 8s. Gd. ; the demand, however, is- limited at this figure. A shipment of 1000 casca, in faulty con- dition, was disposed of at 7s. Od. Tj rcr's is asked for atäs. Boots and Shoos.-An cxtonslvo sale was hold on tho 13th instant, and some 208 packages wero disposed of at tlio follow ¡ii|r prices ¡-Women's black cashmore, K.S., M.H., brought us. Od. to 7s. 3d. ; do. do., aprlng hcels, 6s. lOd. to Ca. Od. ; do. coloured do. do., 0s. 81. to 7s. 'Id. ; do. kid, do. do., 7s. lOd. to ha. 3d. ; gcntlo iiicn'8 kui, E.3., 10s. to 10s Oil. ; do. levant, do., 9s. Gd. ; youths' 1-4 balmorals,6s. 3d. to 5s. Gd. ; children's Ü-13 do., 3s. 3d. to ¿3. Cd. ; mon's bluchers, 7s. tu 7s. Gd. ; kip leather. Is. 5d. per lb. Last wook, about 200 cases of Stead and Simpson's goods w oro disposed of at a slight improvenn nt. Bagging.-Inquiries for cornaacks havo beon oi v ory trilling extent, mid holders and speculators have been excessively disappointed at tho difficult) of making «ales; neither for e\port nor jot for local purposes has nil) domand been experienced. Hill prices hav o hitherto been obtained for tlio fen par eels disposed of, though of late symptoms of an easier tendency hovo not been wanting. Woolpacks do not command tlio slightest notico ; small lots of Dundees have bein placeo at 3s. 10d., while 3s. Gd. was this « etk accepted for a line of Calcutta*. Inquiries for gunny bags suddenly sprang up about tinco weeks u^o, which led to tlio disposal of somo 300 bales at 7.s. Gd. to 7a (Id , and the price has since advanced to Ss. 3d., at which a parcel of thirty bales was quitted. Candles have bcon subjected to considerable fluctu- ations. In the beginning of tho month tho prico ruled nt lid. for Palmalmal and ll',d. for Brandon's. In the week enduite Dili hist, au impetus was im- parted to this article by the discovery that stocks in hand had become almost exhausted, and this caused usudden movement, which led to the disposal of somo 3,000 bo\cs on tlio spot, and about Î.600 cuses to airlvo, at pilcos rising to lHd. for bost brands. Since thou small lots havo beon placed at lljd., and for Do KoubaW 12d was paid towards the eloso of the same week. In tho «mr«» of the week immediately follow Ina, Pnlmatlnes wero sold at llH'il, and Brandon's at 12d., iho Neva Companj having raised the prices of theil- brand to 12Vd. Somo degree of excitement was created, during which prices wero run up to 13d. Host of tho sales made at this rate, how e\ cr, vv ere c.'iiifiiiüil to sin ill p irccls for trade purposes. At no period did tlio market possess an appearance of strength while at this ligure, and after tlie mail was telegraphed advising l63 tons for the month's shipment, prices at once receded, closing this week at ll¿d. for sound Pal matines, 12d. to 12Iel. for Brandon's, and l'-.Jd. foi the Reva Company's. Sales for the month have amounted to nliout 12,000 boxes. Cement.-Slocks on lund of Portland are too heavy, and shipments advised are too extensivo to admit of any improvement, and the market has been ?ver)'dull at from lïs. to 18i. 0d American Plostor lins likewise met with little attention, and to embie importers to effect sales, as low as 16s. Od. to 10s. has had to be accepted. Chemicals.-The trado of the month has been of an cxcccdlngl) mod«into characlor. Soda cr)stals, under the pressure of a heavy market, [rnw'ually de- clined, and ato now quoted at £0 10a. to £1) 16s. Carbonate of soda has been sold at 25s., and shows no prospect o( realising an) thing like tlio rates ruling last season. Caustic soda has been moved off slowly at £2410s, Flowers of sulphur has been quitted at IDs. to 20s. Turtaric acid, according to package, has been placed at Is. Sd. to Is. Od. and up to Is. lOd. Cream of tartar has been sold at 13d., 1.1 W. and up to 14jd. Picseived opium has advanced slighll), 24s. Od. having been realised just previous to the mail's arrival. Chicory.--A better domand has ovlsted throughout the month, and 3d. per lb., in bond, lins been realised without much difficult) for parcels of fifty cases ina Uni'. A fair amount of business continues to bo done. Coffee.-Business in this staple has been exceedingly dull and unsatisfactory ; .sales in no instance hav o gone li«) ond the mero requirements of tlio trade, and havo been confined to the better descriptions ol plantation, which havo bcon placed at 9Jd. to lOJd., according to sample. Several shipments of Java, lately arrived, havo remained in tho hands of tho inii jrters, not- withstanding numerous attempts to effect sales. Wo quoto 84^. to Od for good qualities of Java. Tlicro is nonatho Cc)lon offering. B) the mall just in the departuro ot tho Amoila, from Colombo, with a cargo hence, Is reported. Confectioner) .-A moderato and quiet trade lias boen dono, at unaltered rates. Quotations for host brands have been maintained with great firmness. Keillor's assorted confections have realised lOJd. to lOjd., a slight reduction being conceded to puiehasers of entire shipment». Wotherspoon's havo been dis- posed of at lOd. Uutsido brands havo been got rid of by auction at 7Jd. to !)]d. Jujubes have gone up to lOJrl., bolow which importers cannot sell. Candled peel has been In fair request, and rather better rates have ruled of late. Orango and lomon havo boon sold at lOld. to 10]d. ; citron pcol has bcon quitted at 12d. Cordage.-Wo note n \ ery much improved domand for colonial manufactured, at 8d. per lb. for half to one inch abes; assortments of sl¿ca over one-inch hav o been placed at £f>8. Bolt rope, when sales hav o been effected, lias beon quitted at £43 10s. to C45. In seaming twino there is not much doing, and prices show no alteration whatever on last month's ri port. Sales aro made, according to quality, at rates ranging from 12d. to 13Jd. Fish.-How ling baa found bu)ers at a wldo range of prices, sales hav lug come under our notice at norn 3}d. to'ljd. ; nttholuttcr figure thoro are still holders, hut to make any progress In sales 4d. has to be taken. Herrings hav o been exceedingly quiet and neglected ¡ quotations havo nominally ruled at 20s. to 24s. for bair-barrcls ; a slight tendoncy tovvaida Improvement was observable at the close of tlio month ; for Ar- kins we quoto bs. lib. herrings have been quitted at 8s. lied herrings have found buyers at 21s. Od to 26s. lib. salmon has advanced to 10s. Od.at which tho most recent sales havo been madu. Halves (?aidlnes havo been in brisk demand at tis. Gd., and quarters at 6s. 3d. ; considerable parcels have of late, bow ever, come tolland. Anchovies in oil havo been sold at 7s. lOjd. For Finnon haddocks, 7s. ljd., 10s. 4jd., and 12s. lid. has been accepted. Mackerel has been placed at 8s" to Os. for lib., and 14s. 3d. for 21b. tins. Large sales of lobsters have been modo at 6s. 9d. to Os., and of 0)8ters at 7a. lid. rraits.-Towards tho closo of tho month more In I quiry was exhibited for all descriptions of dried fruits, but considering the season of tho ) ear, the demand has been an) thing but satisfactory. Currants, old fruit, huvo been quitted at 3}d. ta 'lil. ; the quality, however, has not been freo from objection. Shipments of the new fruit hav o now como to hand, and the Bamplea arc said to bo superior; sales havo been made at 4Jd. Of raisins, Capo have been largely sold, chiefly for S)dney ; olmoat the whole of the African Maid's cargo was taken up for that colony, at 6¡d. to fild. in bond, and prices havo slnco remained firm at Old. to Old. duty paid. Elemo hav o beeil sold at old., and Valencia have ruled at 6d. to 6Jd. Sultana raisins have not bcon much noticed, though .offering at BJd. to 7d. Muscatel havo realised 9Jd. to lOd. French plums have been sold at 8id..nndin glass jars have realised Is. 3d. Dried apples from Od. have dropped to Old. and"d. Figs aro quoted at Sd. to Od. Flour and Grain.-Tho market for breadstuffs has been subjected to a good deal of excitement, and prices, under the lnfiuonoo of a reported failure of the crops in Adelaide, have been run up to £1010s. to £17 for Victorian flour, and 0s. »d. to 7s. for Victorian . wheat-a rise of about £4 on the former mid Is. 4M. to Is 7Jd on Hhojlatter I'or somo timo in th beginning of the month our market did not reap jnd to tho advance esiabllshed in the other colonies, and Inconsequence Svdncv buyore found it more prolt ablo to nperato in tho Victorian in prcfercnus to the South Australian market This, however, did not 'ast long, as an upward movement In prices »as -then forced upon our riealors, as during the wcok ending Orh instant »me 200 tons ot Hour and 5 000 bushels wheat wero sent forward to Sydnov Hour then ruled at £13 f s to ?13 10s, Tasmanian was sold at £12 lo£12 Ids in bond, and wheat was linn at c.s Od to CB Od At 6s Od in bond, si mo i 000 bushels Tasmanian also went to Sydney In tho commencement of tho week ending tim loth about 160 tons of \ictorlan at up to £14 and of Tas maulan at £12 10s in bond, found buyers Of »heit, sales of a Uno of 20 000 bushels, and of about 4,000 bushels In small lots, were reported at up to 0s Id after which the market for somo time continued steady, with in upward tendency OnlhelJth how ever, advices were recoived from Adolaldo stating that " accounts from all parts of tho Interl ir siy that the ravaj.es of the red rust havo been greater than even wasc\pcctcd The north until latol) wa reported to 1 a\o field and adjacent plalnB, two thirds if tlio ciop aro not woitli rcaplmr, for once tho disenso starts tdoos not »top till Ihr Lar Is ripened A1UIOIIL.II the average under crop is glentor by one third than list year, tho y'cld will not exceed half" Til's nausod some i-cnsatloti boro ami, In consequence treat eager- ness to pin chase was evinced About 500 to U00 tons A letonan flour altogether changed hands and pi lees were run up 16s to 20s , while on the 14th. lfO tons «oro quitted at £14 10s to £10 During tills period, however wheat was not so much run after and sales coming under our notico did not c\eccd 4 000 bushels or thereabout During last week cndli g 21st the market continued activo anil prices somewhat further udvanceU.but not to such an extent as the riso in the Adelaldo markets warrantod and, notwithstanding these, lastwcck closed with a heavy aspect bales of flour aggregated 4u0 tons at up to £10 10s ind £17, und tho wiles of wheat amounted to 16,000 bushels, at from us Od for inferior to 7s for fine samples and up to 7s 3d which latter in one or two iiiblances was realised This week opened out with a dull appearance, no one showing any dis pi sitien to purchase, and tho holidays inter- vening, tlio market close 1 at £10 10s to £17 foi Mctorian flour, and Os »d to 7s for wheat Oats have in Jiko manner commanded a good deal of notice, and the price of Tasmanian and Mctoilan has been driven up full) Is to Is 3d per bu bel Insma man havo risen from "s lid to 4s 3d , \ Ictorlan from 2s Od to 8s Od , and Californian from 2s Od to k1, of the latter sales have amounted to 30,000 bushels at -s »d , and 10,000 at 3s Id There has been no barley offering Maize has also boon influenced in 1 ko degrco, largo sales having been effected, several entire caréeos of 7,000 to 8,000 bushels each elian^ng hands ¡ntiiifcUi lines and tho price has risen from 3s 2d to 4B and 4s 3d , w hieb holdorn now require Bran has (,ono up to Is Id and Is 5d Colonial oatmeal, owing to tho riso iii corn has risen to £22 Pearl barley has rcalibed £20 to £27 Gunpowder-The market has maintained a very depressed aspect Tally In tho month tho domnnd for best brands show ed sy mptoms of an improving ten- dency, when some 2,500 quarter barrels of Halls w ore taken up ^t 5¿d in the hulk, and holders of this brand since lequiiu Cd In other brands, lioneloi, no sales worth noticing havo bcon recorded, and quo talions have remained steady at 5d for halmo s, and 4 Id for outside brands Hops-lho \uluo of all descriptions has boon woll supjioitcd, though but a trifling business only has done 06 were disposed of at 2s Od to 3s , 65 have realised 2s 4d , and during tho last week sovoral ship mentsof 07 having come to band , theso mot an im mediato calo at 3s Gd OI course, at the rates named the brewers onh operato with caution Halt -In this article a largo amount of business lins boen transacted At the close of last month con tncts were entered Into for 30,000 bushels to arriv o dur ng tlio season, and though a strong fcollnx has existed that as tlio season progresses very high ratei will rulo, vet, owing to tho large stock on hand, much of It held over from last year, It has been found very difficult to crcato a movement In tho market Sales on the spot havo amounted to 11,000 bushels, lnitthoiiL.il holders since the arrival of the mall have advanced tho r prices very considerably, it has beon found impossible to sell at over 10s 3d to 10s Od in quantity until this week, when we believe al out 4,400bushels »ero quitted in parcels at up tn 11s 3d 5,000 busliols colonial, made from chov aller barley, realised clore on los , and 2,500 made from Californian barley w ere sold at 0s Metals-Tho market throughout tho month his been free from unything Uko activity Arrivals of pi¿ iron have come to hand, and sales of shipments have been mad<> at C4 6s to £110s The demand mr Scotch corrugated iron has been heavy Prices, how- ever, have not given way quotations of Scotch for 2Ggau(,o being maintained at £27 to £28 while 23 gauge is saleable at £29 to £30 bales of ordl narv brands of Lnglish 20 gauge havo been roado at £28 to £L9, and of 28 gaugo at £¿0 Best brands English, 2b gaugo, command £21 to £32. Bar and rod iron have been well supported at £J to £10 10s , sales, hovv bbeet Iron Is in very full supply , there is no chaugo in prices lo note , wa quote for Nos 8 ti l8 £11 to £12, assortments of 20 to 20 gauge bein,' £17 to £19 Plato iron has boen very dull of sale, at £Uto£12 Hoop is very scarce and wanted, and sales of inch have been made as high as £19 One to two inch was cleared off the market lu tho beginning of the month at £12 10s to £13 los , but cannot now bo had un- ices v cry extreme figures are paid I enclng vi iro, drawn, is in (air request, at £1017s and £18 for fl, 7, and 8, Nos 8 and 9 are scarce and wanted, and a shade moro money, say £10 to £20, could bo realised for thc«o In lead there is nothing doing, »licet is entirely superseded by colonial rolled, and for shot, being; out of season, only a nominal quo- tation say £29, can bo given Tin plates hav o been very brisk, but aro now slow of salo at 20 per cent to 25 per cent advance on in- voice Wuntz metal is difficult to quit even at our quotation of Du. to OJd Ewbank's nails are a shade easier, 10 per cent and 12J per cent off list being our latest quotation American hardware lias been in fairsupply Collins s and Sharpe s heavy aves ire steady at 80s , but without much doing i ollinss heavy picks are quiet at 18s to los 1 bei e are no sales of Ames s shovels to refer lo , quotations rulo at (Ils to 00s Diy's D II shovels aro lu L.ood demand, 34 to 30 realise u2s to 54s , other makers' shovels, same size, aro scarce, mid wanted at ?Its tofOs There is a fair demand for hollowaro, at twenty live per cent off list Oils -Speeulativo transactions in kerosene oil of ?u ry eonsidoiahluma^nttudohavoboon roportïdduring tho month Tho week commencing 2nd December opened out with u, hea\ y aspect, but on tho Dili inst altcntlon was directed to this oil, and over 62 000 ca'-es up to tlio 6th were purchased at pnces rising to 2s , vv idle 11 000 eases chanted hands on tho 7th at up to 2s 3d Ihe movement notwithstanding its o\tent, w as not looked upon vv ith fav our In commercial circles I ho arrival ot the Panama mall bteiuner at Sydney was telegraphed on tho 2nd, and b\ ndvicos from Now "Vork, which reach to 10th October, we then learnt that tho Annie Size and China had Bailed with 30 000 crises on board, tho Cattcrina and Hazard, for New Zealand, had 3,000 eases I hospeeiilation was well sup I oi ted through the following weok, and notwltlistaiid ing the arrival of tw o vessels-namely, tho Jonny Ber teaux and tho R Busteed-with an addition of about 1(1,000 cases to our stock, the demand, in consequence or tho (.renter part having been sold to arrive, was not Inteiferod with Hie sales reported during tho week i tiding the IMh Inst amounted to20 0O0cases, at 2s 3d During tlio post week a considerable slackening in tho i eniaud was observed, on y onosuloof about l,000cascs Downers, at 2s 3d , was recorded,tho Emilio, which arrived on the 16th, and tho China on the 23rd, bring an additional suppl) of 10,000 cases Castor oil is ven scarce and wanted Tlio Santón, which dropped in from Calcutta in tho beginning of tlio month, brought 1,400 cases which have all been quitted at » Sd toOs Linseed Is held at unaltered lates, and little business has been done , drums aro valued at 4s 10\d , and bulk brings 4s Od Colza has bcon movingoff von slo*ly, in small lots, at 5s Id for drums, and 4s Pd in bulk A sudden demand sprang up on the 21at, which has only resulted In holders asking much higher rates Salea of olivo are reported at 0s Od for drums, and at 0s in cask Chi- nese oil rcallscsSs Od Volai oil stands at £61 Oilmen s stores havo been ¡11 favour, and sales to a very considerable ovtcnt havo bcon effected privately and by auction, tho principal Bales, now ever,liavoonly I ecu effected during tho past fortnight when aboul 10,000 caseB woro got rid of bj public sale alone 1 he prices realised at tho must recent sales arc s follow -Pickles havo bcon sold at at Os Od to 7s fur common, bs 3d to Ss Gd has been obtained foi Patty's, and up to Os Qd for best brands i ngllsh lib jam, best marks, realise 9s 3d to 9s Gd Bottled fruits, assorted, aro saleable at Os , and black currants bring 10s Od balad oils, in quarts, have been quitted at 2ds Sales of pints have been made at 11s to 11s Gd , and those are now held for 12s upwards, half 1 nits aro quitted at 7s to 7s Od Trench salad oil wa? sold nt 0s 4Jd and 13s 7]d per dozen Castor oil, In pints, brings 8s 9d , mid for half pints 6s is obtained tolmans mustard is disposed of at Sid per lb in "lb tins, 11s for lib tins, aud 7B for half pound lins 'VMilto starch is freely quitted at Bid Bim starch has been sold nt lid Colman'« thumb bim is disposed of at lOd Quart vinegar has beon sold al 7s lOJd ,and Trench vinegar was passed at 7s 9d Sago is quoted 3d Vermicelli and macearon! are vuuird at Dil , wo, however, noto sales byaucllonal 7}d to7Jd V, hito pepper is quitted at SJd to »d I.lack pepper is Bold at 4Jd Nutmegs w oro quitted at is -HU , macoatlOJd to 10|d, and cloves at CJd 1er lb Provisions-Hams and bacon havo been very slow of talc Tor local purposes, no demand whatever liai existed About tho middle of the month inquiries for New Zealand led to tho disposal of largo parcels ol \arey s, clearing out the cntiro stock whoro held by the agent, who, for future arrivals, wanted equal to 14d to 14Jd for hums, and 13d to lJJd for bacon, dutv paid Tho Holmsdolo and Truo Briton bring further supplies lor Sinclairs, wo quote similai rutes, but outside branda are unsaleable Cheese lui! been hi fair trodo liiquu) at 14d lu 14Jd Quicksilver for tho greater part of tho month re niaiucd unnoticed, ano prices were allowed to drop te 2s to 2s Id Last week, however, the attention of s ¡.peculator was directed towards tho article, and tin iiutikct was cleared to tho extent of 000 bottles at 2s to 2s 2d , and this quantity Is now hold for 2s 8d Rice -Tlio Santon, which arrived in the beginning of the month, brought 300 tons ot Patna, but two thirds of tho eargawas resold, on Sydney account, before coming in Sinco this arrival further sales Ir lots, to the extent of a hundred tons, wero reportée durínfr tho samo weck at up to £32. The Java rice per Jeanie Oswald, a very superior sample, was offered on the 6th, and the whole quantity (2,800 mats) was disposed of, in one line, at £26 10s.osw Ad vices from Calcutta hate proved favourtble lo till: market The St Philibert had been chartered t< load old rice, but, having suffered damage during tin ey clono, the charter was abandoned Tills stitemon is, how over, contracted in some lottere, and the vesso may y ot come on The damage dune tp tho now ero] lind not been ascertained Sales of Patna han been very trifling,at£32 to £33. lor Java, a domain for S) dney set In this week, and considerable sale having been made,holders of tho small stock remain ing on hand havo advanced their selling rate to £30 salt-Tho market has not been active A ship ment of iro tons, coarso and fine, was placed in th beginning of tho month »t equal to £410s to £1153 but much heaviness has since pervaded the market The low prices ruling wero successful in attraclln the notico of speculators, but any movement in til article was checked by tlio refusal of holders to cor cede a sufficient Inducement for tho risk that mlgti be incurred in purchasing;, the feu shipments latel arrived havo been sold to land 150 tons ooan wero placed at £21 "is., in tho bay , and one or tw shipments of Ano, about 300 tons, changed hands i 1.4 10« , duty paid Trade sales continue to be effected ut Li 10s. for coarse, and £5 for fine Soft Goods -Tboro lias not beon much doing in general good» this month, buy ers have held off from making purchases in excess of their present domand, ow lug to tlio falling stato of the homo market m re gard to goods Light fabrics In dress materials and silks have, however, been in ¡rood demand Tlio warm weather which has prevailed ha» imparted greater ae tivit) to the salo of seasonable fancy good« Wliltcshirt iiga, gie) calicoes, K<¡, hav o been in (air demand at reduced rates Flannel!, whito and printed, continuo to realise a moderate advance on inv oicc price HOUL-II brown hollands havo been in good demand, especially low priced ones, and brought a good advanco Ready in de men's clothing lias beon sold at low rates, tue quantit) made up in this market, in addition to that imported, prox ing in excess of the consumption, and has proved unprofitable to many who arocnguged in this branch. The advices by the last mull upon the whole were considered favourable , tho shipments to this colony appear moderate, and prices of cotton goods aro lower than they have boon since tho com- mencement of the American war. Slocks held by Importers in this market aro not large, and the losses sustained on thoso goods which »oro bought at high rates will be ampi) compensated bj a moro settled stato of the market, and a better chance of their ob- tain ng remunerativo prices forthoir futuro importa- tions Sugar-Owing to thoundesirabillty of pressing sales at tho low rsites to which prices had declined thoro lins been of late less offering, and tho amount of busi- ness done is in consequence bolow the avorago of other months, but the market is now beginning to assume a firmer aspect On tlio 2nd tho damaged portion of tile Helenos cargo, from Bourbon, was quittid by auction On Tuesday, the 8rd, the Clay- more s cargo of Mauritius sugar, comprising G,300 bags was dtsposcd of, a decline of about 40s por ton on white cr) stals, and 20s per ton on lower qualities, had to bo submitted to before the cargo could bo cleared off Somo 1OOO bogs Cossiporo sugar, damaged, wero niau sold at a satisfactory prico, con- dition considered On Wcdncsdav, tho 4th the cargoes of tho Veno and Wallaroo, from Mauritius, com- prising 8,800 bags, wore offered, and some 0 200 bigs found buyers at rather casior rates than thoso ob taincd on the provloua day. The Java sugars per Jeanie Oswald were offered yesterday, but the biddings not provIng satisfactory, the whole had to be with- drawn On the same da), 2,580 bags Mauritius, ex sunni) vessels, wero disposed of On the week s sales v o note a decline of £2 to £J per ton all round in the week ending 10th December, further arrivals came to hand Three cargues from Mauritius and one frcm Java dropped in, lower rates had to bo sub mitted to In consequonco Tho importera of tho Mar- cel lus s cargo declared their intention of storing the same ratl er than accept tho unsatisfactory prices ruling, moio especially as it was fully oxpected that thenrws coining on b) the mull then overdue would exerclso a fax ounblo influence on tlio market Phis was in somo degree tlio means of arresting the dow n ward tendency evincd, and of imparting fraards the close of the week a firmer tone to tlio market gouo rallv On Monday, the 0th, the damaged portion of tho Claymore's cargo, 1,240 bags, jvvos disposed of, and GflO ba"B fault), ex Veno, were quilted on Tues eliiv all atmiddling prices, while 1 -D6 bags damaged, ex St Hare, wero, on tlio other band, sold at an iin provewent On the Uth tho balance of theAlchymlst« cargo of 4,104 bags Mauritius sugar was offered for sale, and about 3 000 ba^s found hu) ers at 32s Od to 33s 3d for line yellow to low white ci)s(als and 34s to .!5s for middling to good whito cr)suds, prices which wore gcnorally ad- mitted lo show an improvement on late sales Ibis Improvement was maintained during tho following week On the loth, the cargo of tlio St Mare was offorod by publli sale, and feme 2,800 bags were disposed of, \cllow counters realised tis Cd to 12s yellow brewing crvstals sold at S2s Od , and law white crysUls at 3is to 35s 3d On tho 18th, 700 bags found bu)ers ?\estcrdu), the Countess of Seafield» cirgn, com- prising 10,000 bags and mata, »as offered for sale , but no desire having boen evinced by the dealers toopcrato, the auctioneers oui) succeeded indisposing of ,000 bags, at £,!*) mr finest white cr) stat«, £30 for middling white, ¡edi foryollow brewing er)stals, .mil £H2 te> £33 7s lid for yellow counters The I riatir pcrtion of the Santon s Cossipurc lias found buvcr«at£43, and sales of crushed loaf sugar huvo been made at £43 10s Toa - Messrs J Curio liobertson and Co, in their usual monthly summary for Iho niall repot t a-s follows - 'What with tho prcsenco of Ills ltoval Highness the Duke of Idlnburgh and the Christmas holidavs, nothing Uko speculative purchases have been nu de, but wo havo to report a largo (.oneril trnilc All descriptions of low i wo chow congou, up to common, have been lu ¡,ood request and at pre sent the n arket is rather hare Good common to mixed leaf to samo willi flavour is in fair domand, and sales have been m ide ut from Is 2d teile Id pirlb, in bond Blackish and brownish have been sold at Is (id to Is 7d per lb , blackish leaf, strong, at Is 71d to Is 8d , and blackish leaf strong, with flavour, at Is Sid to Is. OJd Second class kaisows havo been In lair demand, at la lOd to 2s , first class kivisovv at 2s Id to 2s Sd , and extra Hue at 2s lOd to Js Sales have boon made as high as da k1 for n small Uno of boxes Scented oíante pokoo is in fair request-tho longleat ( auton make is preferred-and Is lid to 2s has boen obtained for line sample» Green tcis, us »o hill oprc viutisl) advised, arc gradually going out of consump- tion, the demand buing von limited Auction bales - On Hie 3rd inst , the cargo ox Tien tsiu, was olfored, consisting of 1,402 chests, 4115 huit chests, 1,760 boxes, and 4,637 chests, half chests, and boxes wore disposed of nt prices supporting oui quotations On the 11th ¡list the damaged portion of tho Tien tsin was sold, consisting of 1,887 packages, nt fair prices, dan oe.0 considered On tho 19th mst tho cirgo ex Woodbino, was offered, consisting of 1010 chests, 3,089 half chests, 730 boxes, and 1,003 chests 1,091 hall chests were sold at about our quotations Soi ord othci minor sales havetakon place unworth) of notice 1 he ainvals during tho month havo been -At Mel bourne-On tlio 30th November, Isabella, from Hong hoiiL with 60,0001b , passago sixty oight da)s on tlio 11th December, Woodbine, from Foo chow foo, with 270,G001b , passago 102days, on the 24th Be ccmbcr, Greyhound, from loo chow foo. with 244,o00lb, passai.o seventy six da)a , nt Adolaldo-On tho 2nd December, Henrietta, from i oo chow foo, with 226 0001b, passive ninety one da)s Ihoelo liveries for tlio past month have boen 021,0301b. n(. inst 0¿2,7í/31b at same time last j eai The stock in t omi in Melbourne Is 3 2tl(l,6021h , against 3,483 8121b ntsamo timo last year Our quotations arc -Congou, broken Foo-chox\, lid to UJd , ordinary to good oidinuiy, is to Is ljd , mixed leaf kinds, Is '-d to Is 4d ; mixed lca( with littlo flavour, Is 4Jd to is 7d , blackish leaf kinds, Is OJd to la 7d do , strong, Is 7Jd to Is 8d , do, strong, with flavour, Is 8jd to Is Old , do lvmsovv kinds rather stione,, Is lOd to is , do pel oc souchong and pekoe flavour, 2s Id to 2s 3d do, Uno rich pekoe souchong fhv our, 2s 4d to 2s 9d , do , v ery (Ino do, 2s lOd to 3s ; low Tayshan ?lie) to 6d , souchong, common, none, middling to fino, none, oxtra fine, none, orango pokoo, scented f rdinaiy and broken Is 4d , do , good to uno, Is 6d to Is 7d , do , finest, Is lid to 2s Id , capel, scented common to middling, nono, do middling tn tino,Is lid to2s 2d , do, llnest, uono,h)sonskin, Canton, nominal, 6d to Od , true common to Uno, 7A(1 to lOd , hyson, common, 9d to Is , good to fino, Is 3d to Is Od , finest, Is Od. to Is , young hyson, Canton and Twanka) kinds, Sd. to Is Id , good yellowish leaf to line hyson flavour, Is 8d to 2s (id , tunpuwder. Canton, good to fine. Is 8d to 2s , eountr) kinds, 2s öd to 3s , Imperial Canton, good to fine, Is Od to Is lOd , country kinds, none Abovo quotations aro at nor lb In lionel fur el esta, botes being worth 2J<1 Vi 3d per lb moro Duty on tea in Victoria 3d per lb " Timber-A largo amount of business has boen transuded in this murkot On the 3rd instant the cargo of cedar ex Abonglnr, comprising 70,000ft, was quitted al 12s Od to20s9d per 100ft, super , rft palings, ex Boomerang, vvoro sold nt samo timo at Ils 6d per 100 At Geelong, on tho Gtli, the cargo of the India, from Hobart Town, consisting of 38 208ft of hardwood timber, waa got rid of at 10s Od to 12s lil ,30,136ft 6ft palings,realised 10s 0d to 10a 3d , 0,990 0ft palings 17s (k1 to 20s por 100, and 12,930staves,21t Sin to 4ft Oin, at 15s öd to30s Gd per 100 Tho cargool the Ottavvi and Margaret, consisting of DO.OOSf t linrdw ood timber was also placed at Os t« 12s per 100ft On the 0th, tho flooring, ex Donald M'Kay, was soldas follows -30,241ft 0x1} 1 andO , white, wore placed at 12s 3d , 00,860ft G N J do , at 11s Gd to 11s Od , 12,G24ft (I x j do , at 7s 3d , J7,236tt 4 out weatherboards, brought 7s Tho Cosmopolite, from Gollo, with 407 standard, was rcpoi ted on tho 13th. Three cargoes had also reached A delalde Iho arrivals of lumber aro-tho Australind, from Vancouver's Island, vv ith 318,000ft lumber, and the lady Bowen, from Montreal, with 32,784 piceos while pino board, 17,161 aprucoboards, and 309 pieces hardwood On tlio 10th there were quitted b) auc Mon tho following lots of flooring, ex Glco Maldon - 70,000ft, 0 x J, T and O white, realised 10s Od to 11s 3d J 16 000ft, 0 X J, 1 and G red, Ps , 17,000It, 0 x }, T and O red, 0s , 40,000ft, 6 x. 11, T amlG fred, 12s to 12s id , 63 0001t, ti \ y '1 and G (beaded) whito, /s , 88,972ft, (!\i,T and 0 whito, 5s Od , 20,000ft, 0 x J. T und G red, 6a Od , 56,000ft 0 out rod weather boards sold at 5s 6d to 6a Od , 70,000ft, 0 x J T andO red, 10s to 10s 3d rx Westward Ho, all fnnits-197 000 redwood clear pino brought £016s to £10, 20,000ft 3in rough redwood, £r> 16s , 810ft one inch do , LI IBs Lx Jenny Bertram?, all faults, 24,000ft whito pino T and O flooring vvoro quitted at £9 5s to EJ 10s , 19,000ft clcir pino at £12 to £16 Some 257,428ft of flooring, ox Macdui!, wax disposed of nt, for 0 x IJred, 12s (ki per 100, Ox 1 wluto,12s 3d do , 0 x J red, 10s 3d tolOs Od do , 6 x I white, 10s 7d do , Ox J whito, 6s Dil to 7s do , li x {, 6s Ud do , 4 out vveithorhomls, 7s do ; 0 nut do , fs Od lim lumber, ex Lady Binen, was gol rid of,all faults- 261,000(t white plnoT anil G , at £9 12« (k1 to £0 Ifta , 252,000ft willie pine shelving brought £11 15s to £0 17s Oil , 710001t carpenters' clear pine, £10 7s Od to £12 7« Oil , S'H.OOUt i 1 and G sprueo fls Od , Iii» . 11» 20,0O0ft do do rough, 8s Til to 8s öd , 16,000ft liin do do, 9a Gd ; 1,837ft bass wood, 22s Id lier 100ft , 207ft ash, Q\& por foot, 4,713ft rock elm, £16 10a ; lr>0 000 fourfoot laths 24s 3d to 24s Gd tx Wellard Bustecd, all faults- 20,000ft whito pine T and O flooring, realised £0 7s Od to £010s., 25 000ft white pine shelving, £0 12s Od to £U16s ,139,000 4Jit lotlia, 32s Id , 176 barrels rod beach plaster, 10s Ex Jenny Bortoaux, all faults 22,0O0it white pino »helving, sold at £9 5s Bx Macduff, all faults, 30,000ft Ox JT. and O white flooring, were placed at 10s Od., 66,000ft 0 x i do do , at 7a , 56,000ft four out weatherboards brought (Is Od to 7s On the 23rd, the deals ex. Cosmopolite wero offered, all faults -810 nieces 10 x 4 red eiea's were placed at 4gd to 4 710(1 , 0,640 do 11x3 do at 4 8 16d to 4Jd , 0,824do 0 x 3 do , at 4 8-16d to 4 £-10d ; 1,798 do 8 x 8 do battens, at 41d to 4 116d , 2,601 do 7x 3 do do ,at4Sd to 43d lix War- rior, Macdui!, Sparkonhoe, and Gloudow er-87,769ft OxllT ando red flooring, realised 12s to 12s 3d . 135 120ft. 6 x li do whito do , 12a , 17d,040It 6 x | do. do do , 10s to 10s 3d , 68,746ft 7 >. t, do lod do , 10s Id to 10s 3ei , 70,204ft. Ox J do do do , 8s Od to 8s lOd ; 18,698ft. 6 X } do whito do, 9s , 28 204ft Oxido do do, beaded, 7s to 7s 3d , 102,452ft 6 xjdo reddo,do,7s ; 00,288ft 6 x $, do whitedo, 7s. , 89,600ft 0 x ä do do do, 6s 6d , 08,03011. 6 x j do. red do , 6s Od , D3,452It 0-oiitvreathci boards, Gs , 160,116ft. 4 yut do , Gs t)d t« 7s Tobacco-Iho market throughout the month haa been characterised bv very considerable duiner and want of animation In the beginning of the month an improved feoling was manifested for all descriptions, chiefly, how over, for fine aro niatlcs and twlats Fine tens improved consideras!), and it was then expected thot if forthcoming ship ments of such qualities wero kept on a modoraW scalo, value« would not only be maintained, bul higher rates would be obtained A, few nice parcel' of tens wt-to quittMl uurinfr the week at l'Jd to 14jd, and whatever small parcels of aromatic half pound« were offered wero readily picked up nt Is Od to Is Od On the 3rd, 109 packages of twist tenR, and half pounds tobacco woro «old on se- it mit of whom it may i oncorn, at from Is OJd to Is ljd per lb fer twist Is 0'd to Is 2Jd for tons, and Is Old to Is 2d per lb for half pounds, net cash irlccb which ovidencc a very finn inarkot Tho Panama mail, with ndvlecs from No» \ork to 10th October, to hand on the 2nd, reports i tho Annie Size and China as hav Ing lett for Mel bourno » Uli 407,4-151b ia hhds , and 126 boxes, and the C1 tarina ami Ha- zard, for New /cn und brings 20 tierces and; 0131b Tlio arrival of the Jinny Iltrtuiux and II Bustecd was announced In the middle of tho month The 1 mille arrived last week and tho China put in an appearance this week Until tho variousBhlpmoutH by these vessels arc landed, however, and ready for inspection, wo do not auticlpato lmieli business, not- withstanding a large iuquirv exists for first class aromatic Tho follow Ing' sales lmxo beon effected under the hammer On the 9th, fifty seven packages wero disposed of Tens, all faults, brought 7'd to lOd , aromática realised Is Cd net, and sound i lonintles w ero sold at Is Od On tho lilli uroinat evs were quitted, by auction at Is 9d to Is lljd Tens lealiscd 8Jd. A lino of the Spirit of lho Times was placed on private lenas at ltd On tho lGth, some 337 pieknges were disposed of lens were quitted at G]d to lOd , half pounds sold at 4Jd tuOd mid aromatic pounds realised Is ljd lois 3J(\ Attention has been dhected to the position of stocks of Manilla cheroot« and cigars Jn consequence of holders In Sydney having given way, and allow ing thimsilves to bo cleared out, most of theso parcels I ave found their way ki this market, aud havo been taken up ut ow prices Trade quotations are - Common tens and half pounds 7Jd to lOd , mediums up to Is , good to 15d , and fine to 18d , aromatic half pounds and fancies, 15d to 2s , and twists, 15d to Is Od Cigars, Manilla, Havannah shapes, none offering Choroots, 60s to 65s Havannah cigars were disposed of at £010s to £14 per thousand Wines and Spirits -In wines the only operations of ini]x>rtance transpired early in the mouth, when transactions In iorrostcrs port, ami Cramp Suter and Co 's shorn, to the oxtont of £2,500, wero recorded A shipment of Campbells an- chor brand of sherr) was also cleared off at £40 Common red -wines hm o found buy ors nt £1310s to £18 10s , low to LOod port is quolod £24 to £35 , medium realises £40 to £50 Low sherry Is valued at £20 to £25 , mediums bring 435 to £lt>, and good to fino, £50 to £70 Brandies ovineed a rather easier tendency previous to tho mall's arrlv ii Salo of Hennessy s and Slartoll s palo wero made at 0s 7Jd to (Is lid , subsequently, how over a reaction sot In No change in the market at home was reported in tlio letters received by tho mail, but a Gallo telegram of II later dato ad v lsedanadvance, which directed speen lativ o i otlce towards this spirit, leading to tlio disposal on the 10th of 200 quarter cask» of Hennessy s and 600 quarter-casks of utard s brandy, on privato tarma, at an luipi ovtment on lato quotations At a later period, oqual to 450quurtcr casks, consisting of C V P and Hennessy s, changed hands on privato terms, while tinco entlro shipments of Jules Robin and Co 's brandy, amounting to 160hhd , woro llkowlso placed at prices rism¿ from da Lid to 0s 0d lhe movement lias not been looked upon with favour by tho trade generally nor responded to, ami operations m conscquciico have been eonllncd to on« or two buyers at most-lho ground takon being1, that abouta month ngo speculative purchases wore lindo in anticipation of u short vintage at home, and the market then was sent up fully Is per gallon, und dealers, who have watched tlio course of tho market have no faith In a double rise In prico dom ono source or cause, and save in one or two lu stances, where 7s was obtained for small lots of Hennessy s, holdtrs have not succeeded In getting tho price of Hennessy'« and Martclls boyond us Od Wo continue to quote foi othor brands- say, Otard's, (s toOs Id , ltenault, Os , C V P and Vincgrowers', 0s to OB 3d , Jules Robin and Co's, Oi id , t SI P and B Frere s, 5s Gd to 5s 9d In caso lmuid'os we hear of no change Hcmiossy s is quoted 2i« , Martell s is held forJJs , Otard's is valued at Z¿a , C\ I' and Mncrowcrs command 18s to 20s Theio has been nothing done In geneva, IDKZ stands nominally at oGs to 38s, md V II and Co s at 33s to 3 s The arrival of tho Panama mall,advising a largo advance in the prico of mm in London, owing io the Vi tit India niall of the 2Sth of bcptembui I av ing carried advices to Ingland that not agallón of lum had been shipped to Luropc, ali tho molasses having been bought up for America, has caused higher laies tobo istabllscd hero having led to pinchase» to tho extent of 1O0 hhds and TOO quarter casks 10 per cent o ji, at 3s 3d to Is M , and this Is now held foi advanced rates say Is 83 to 3s Od Whlskoy, in bulk, is quoted 4s Od to 5s 3d , at which buyers aie willing to operate Sales oí Sir It Burnotts old tom havo been mude, at 14s to 14s Gd M 00L, TALLOM, ANO IIlDrs 'JhOlOMJON AUD AIST1U11AN AühXCX COrtPOIt ITIOX Livurrn furnish tho follow nig roport foi the month - " Vi ool -Although an unusually largo quantity of wool lins leached town, tho sales havo gono off s'ufcglslily Sellers, as a rulo, can hardly reconcile themselves to the altered stato of prices betwocn this y car and the last, and aro not very anxious to presi sale.-, at ourcurrent rates Prices wero looked upon as being moderate, mid were generally well sustained, und buyers operated freely until the arrival of the last hngl-bli mull, when intelligence reached as of a further fall In the prico of wool of Id per lb The sales that followed havo bcon distiUniilshcd by their dulucss and inactivity, and only a small amount of business has boen trans acted, and at present we do not poicclxo any prospect of an increased vitality in our trade Buyers aro very cautions In their purchases, the frequent and heavy losses they have been subject to duting tho lost fow sentons having necessarily made them no Flforts have been made by mam squatters to Improve tholr fiocl s by tho introduction of imported stock of approved blood, and also by grcator care in tho getting up of their wool, hoping by these moans toiomcdy, to a certain extent, the fall lu prices of wool Since wo havo bad more oxtended opportunities of oxa mining tho clips offered, wo adhoro to the opinion wo expressed before, that a largo number of our best clips were not up to their usu ii likrh standard of ox cellenco, being in some Instances not oiily irregular m condition, but also tender in tlio staple Greasy wool is heavy this season, owing to tho luxurhneo of the glasses and the superfluity of feed Occasionally avery light lot has been offeiedthat lias biought a good figure, but, as a rule, tho condition militated against extreme rates being obtained , consequently tlio quantity on which high rates have been realised is vcry limited The samo lcmark applies to fleece w ools as far as condition goes Tho sales throughout have been well attended, and tile total quantity cata log ned amount to no less a number than nearly 38 000 bales 1 reicht continues high, with a probability ottd \ slicing still higher, as soveral ships reported at ono tune as likely to load woolara now ordered onto India Wo quota ordinary greasy iram rid to 7ld per lb , medium, 7Jd to Itjd poi lb , superior, Did to 12jd per lb , slipo, inferior, 8d to lid por Iii medium, lid to 14d per lb , superior, 14d to Hld Scoured -lnfortor, 12d to lOd per lu , medium, lüd to Uki poi lb , superior, lud to 24d per lb rieeco -Inferior, 12d to 15d por lb , medium 16d to Uki per lb , superior, 19d to 23d per lb The foi low lug ships ba\ o cleared during tho month, vii - 1807-November 22, George Thompson, Goolong, 0,080bales, November 29, Salamander, 3,104bales, Deccmbor 3, Jorusaloni, 3,701 bales, Decoinbor 4, ^omcisotshlro, 3,47r> bales, December (>, Lanaik sliire, 0 120 bales , Decenibor 7, White Star, 6 0S0 bales. Proteus, 4,021 bales, Prldo of the Ocean, 1481 bales, December 14, Damascus, Ccolong, S 111) bales December l8, Vtlnofrcd, 5,470 bales, December 10, Racer, 2,920 bales , Decoinbor 21, Superb, 3,032 bales, December 23, Douald M'Kiiv, 1.SISI bales, King of Trumps, 2,391 bales loliil, 15,783 bales To which aud previous shipments irom October 6,1SG7, 35,054bales Total, 00 837lmlcs Hie weekly shipments havo bcon as below -1807 Isovrmbcr 10,additional, 1,103,0801b .value £77,170, I»ovember 23, 2,35U,1041b , valuo £102,205, November 30, G5U,1801b .value£47,021, December 7,6,347,2381b , value £401,431, December 14, 257,7201b, value £13,583 Total. 10,722 2141b, value £702,420 To which add previous shipments, from November 10, 1S>Ü7-4,482,1701b .value£308 048 Total,15 201,4111b , valuo C1 071.308 Tallow - rho business dono during tlio month has been again limited, no large trans actions having boon entered into 'J lie shipment« of the month havo »mounted to 1 617 casks Prices con Untie qmot and w ltlioutaltoratlon We quote mutton at £35 to £37 per ton ; beef and mixed, £30 to tío pel ton Hides -We ha\ o no sales of any Import unco to repoit Local manufacturers tako the bulk ii oin butchers for homo consumption " Messrs R GOLDSBHOI nu and Co's monthly wool report is as follows -"Wool-Since our roport of lust monlh twonty auction sales have boen hold, at w hie li 42,771 hales wero catalogued Of this quantity, about 12,000 bales bax o been sold Priera remained linn till tlio commencement of this month, when quotations gradual!} became easier, it being ovldont that there was no furthor chanco of operating for tlio London Mareil sales This almost Imporccptlblo tendency in fav our of buy crs, assumed u moro do elded aspect on the arrival of tlio Lngllsh mall with letters from Londou to tho 20th of Octobor, and tolo fiiamatotho 18th November Tlio unfavourable In telligenco received, had tho Immodlato effect of elcpicsslng pi lees to tho extent of from a ball penny to a pouny per pound on good to suporlor, mid from lil to ljd on Inferior clips At tills reduction, buyers have nuwlo considerable pur- chases, still tiley do not ov Ince groat eagerness to operate, whilst on tho othoi hand, owners aro io luetnnt tovell, tho ruling quotations being so much below tlielr expectations Many of the settlers bctm to bcliovo that their clips ought to realiso prices closely approximating to thoso of last Henson, thus losing sight of tho fact that tho high quotations i aid then entailed heavy losses on tho purchasers, and that tho inarkot has during tlio past few months still f luther declined In conscquonco of tills feeling, wo lim o not sold nearly so much wool as last year, although thorn has boon an hiLroasod quantity In store from a careful comparison of lato English catalogues with those) of tho colonial market, we uro convinced that present rates aro fully higher than could reasonably bo oxpectod, moro cs pecially when tho late telegrams, advising tlio low prices current at tho Londou November sales aro taken Into consideration Tho fact of lower rates ruling during a series of sales when wools aro In shorter supply than at any other period of tho year, ia in Itself suggestive, and would «ecm to point out that production has moro than overtaken consumption. The remarks íuado last month about tho condition ot this y oar s growth have been confirmed by an Inspection of tho largo quantity Blnce tomo to hand It will comparo favourably xvitii any previous year in re spect of length and strength of staplo, which was of eourso to bo expected from tho abundance of grass, this having been an unusually Uno season Tlio con ditionison the wholo quito equal to last year, for although Bcvoral flocks aro not so clean as usual, owing to tho wet ucathor at shcarine;, others aro better than wo have hitherto soon them Thoburrls ox idently apreadlng, and It Is to bo regretted that no means can bo found for extirpating this pest, as Its presence in tho wool seriously deteriorates tho value Cross-bred and coarse sorts continuo v ory dull of sale, Mid It Is diiticult to convinco owners that tho extra ordinary demand for them a year or two ngo was only temporary Tho follow lag ships havo cleared for Eng land since our last summary, with wool .-Mov ember 29, Salamander, Geelong, for Loudon, 3,104 bales, December 3, Jerusalem. Melbourno, for London, 3,701 bales, 4th, Somersetshire, Molboumo, for Loudon, 3,475 bales, 0th, Lanarkshire, Geelong, for London, 0,180 bales, lui, White Star, Melbourno, for London, 6,ObC bales ; Proteus, Melbourno, for London, 4,921 bales; Pride ot tho Ocean*Melbourne, for London, 4 481 bales , 14th Damascus Geelong for London , 1126 bales, lflth Ro"er, Melbourne for Ixindou, 2 0"i> bales , Winched Melbourne, for I ondon, 5 470 bales , 21st Siqcrb, Melbourne, fir london, 3 012 boles , 23rd King of Trumps Melb Hirne, for London 2 301 hales 2f Ae,ra, do 4.U2 Total, r2 tys eales Prcviotissliipiiients, 3 >,0J4 irale» Total, Octet cr!, to dite, S" 002 bales Price» Cuiront - Gruay-Inferior to «niluan Oil to 7d ordinary to average 7d to bjd Lood lo superior, Od to Is Old llcqcc-Inferior torrdltinrv, Is 2d to Is 4d , ordi nar) to avengo Is id tula 7\d , good to superior, Is 8d (j°rt Scoured- Ordinary, Is id to Is Gd good, Is 7d tola Id supcnoi, Is lid to 2s 2d Hld!« aro firmer ti an last month, in conscquonco of u moa »ctlv o demand anil shoitcr supply Tho local tanner» iro becoming lareir consumers conwapicntlv smaller quantities are av illnblc for sill pmont We quote -Ordinary country wet silted, 7s to 10a , Lood do , 10s tol2s Od »superiortonndo ,13s to 16s each lhe only door moe is a parcel oí 3 513 per Agra for I ondon Tolli vv -Prices aro a shade easier m consequonco of the limited demand for colonial uso, whilst for ship- ment there Is llttlo (loin,,, quotations being considered too high to allow a fair mareln for profit V. e quoto beef, 128 to £30 , mixed £31 to £32, and mutton, £32 to £34 pet ton Clearances arc-Dcccmbor 7. VI I Ite Star for London, 30 casks Gth, Lanarkshire, for findon 211 casks ,7th Prldcof tho Ocean for I ondon, 178 casks, 14th, Damascus for London 78 casks, 10th, Wliicfredjfor London,322cisks, 28rd, King oil rumps for London, C7 casks, 21th, Agra, for I ondon, 2S casks Total, 014 cask« Messrs CtMxaiiAM and YUciunii's moiilhl) report Is as follow» -" Wool- I-argo catalogues havo been offered at tho weekly sales during tho past month, when (hore bas uniformly prc\ailed a vory healthy com) dillon for all well Lot up w ools, to tho neglect of inftnor and fault) descriptions 1 ho I ondon October mail, delivered hero on the lGth inst, brounht us xcrv discouraging news, which had a corresponding effect on this market in all low and in fsrlorvvoolB but in the hillier ela'S vvoll conditioned clips, of which wo offered iwo very suporior one« of flcico on Friday last, 22d an 123Jd wore realised, after some lively competition Ylo iriiy qiiologreosy at Cd to|i\d scoured, 18^d to 16d andilceco,14ld to23Jd lho ahi| monts of the past month hav o been ai follow from Hobsons Bay-November 22 Star of l'caco, 4 208 hales, Deconiboi 3 Jerusalem, 3 701 bales December 1 Somcrsotshln, 8 475 bales Dccomber 7, Proteus 4,921 bales, Dccombor 7 Prldo of the Ocean, 4 4SI bales, Dcccmbci 7, White Star, 6 080 bales Do cuni cr l8, Itneer, 2 920 bales, Dccomber l8 V\ inofred, 6470bales, December 21 Superb, j 032bales Decora bir-1 lvlngofTrumps, 2301 bales ,Dccombcr24 Agra, 4 luO bales , from Geelong-November 22 Ooorgo Thompson 6,080bales, November 20,Salauiandor,3,101 bales, December 0, ljurakahire, 0,120 hiles De ceinhcr 14 Damascus, 3120 bales total 02 2_0 bales I rev lons shipment«, October Ho NovomborlO, 10,786 bales total Khipmcnu from October 1 to Dccombor 23 01,000 bales , corresponding period 88 8"7 bales The agent« ot the Maceluff and Lady MOIMIIO estimate that these ships w ill take about 4 SOO and 2 500 bales respectively Sheepskins are soiling at 2d to 0|d per lb , calfskins havo braucht 2d to 3Jd peí lb hides wo havo sold at 9a 6d to lris 7d each , tallow realised £30 10s to £31 6s por ton mixed Kangaroo sk nsw o have placed at 4a to 13s 3d per dozen IMONinLY SIIJPPiNG AND : MIR.HT 1U. PORT Since the 20th ult shipments of wool and other colonial produco hav o bcon made upon an extensivo scale On tho departure of tho last mall steamer for England, on the 36th uit, the nvailablo tonnage then in port was very scanty, with nbundauco of wool offering, added to which, tho largo ship Bed Jacket was withdrawn from the berth, lier destination being changed to Bombay Under thoso circum- stances an attempt was miulo by sovoral shipping agents to advance rates of freight on wool to three farthings for greas) and seven eighths for scoured, being a riso of one-elghtli per lb It was anticipated that not only would lho above rates bo cislly obtained for all going ships, but th.it a further advance ml¡,ht reasonably bo looked foi Iheso expectations, how cv cr, vv oro not realised, ixccpt In a few instances, and only for small parcels, owing to heavy arrivals, no leas than clovon »hips, ¡cggiegatlng 14,000 tons, having como in almostsiiuul taneoiialy, aov oral after v ery rapid passages Hates of freight aro consequent!) down foi wool to tho liLurcs quoted last month vi/, three farthhiLS and live eighths for scoured and greasy respeotlvoi), but at which they are not firm, thora being at tho present time moro tonnage in port than apparent!) will be lequired for tho clip loi this se ison, up to this dato, wo havo despatched 80,467 bales, against SO 867 bales during samo ponod last) car In Januar) last year, 47,478 bales wool wore shipped foi which 12 000 tons i éclater waa required, and should the same quantity be availahlo during next month, thore will probably bo a surplus tonnage in tho bay for about 20,000 bales It Is satislactory hovvovei, to be ablo to noto that this surplus tonnage is not cntircl) dependent upon shipments from this I ort, seeing that Adelaide, S) dncy, and tho Now Zealand poits a.re all short of ships at the present tinto lho Glendow cr procosds îrom tilla to load at Sydney, where rates rule at Id per lb .for london Last mall from India brought favourable advices of freight at tho x arlous ports there, and that thoy vv oro likely to be maintained. It la u ploasing fact that no ship now requires to leavo the colonies m bollast, cither foi India, China, San rranc seo, or tho South American ports, as remunerative rates ure always obtainable for horses, &o;, direct from tills to the former, and coals to all,tho latter Indeed, tho rates paid hero of late for coals from Mu» castle to ludia and China have equalled an advance of fully 25 por cont over that nt which charters wero concluded, not only in rutland, but m India and China, which it would bo wall for shipowners thereto note Oiling to the scarcity of grain, omi the ad valued prices now ruling very llttlo has been dene of lato in tlio exportation of that artillo for England hut as the han cat is now at hand, samo actli ity may bo anticipated, should advices from tlio home markot prov o favourable 1 or this articlo the only engagement reported during tho month is that of tlio Swedish brig Cleopatra, with a canying capacity of 320 tons, to load at Adolaldo, direct foi london, at the large sum of £1100 Coal freiLhts from Ivovvcastlo (New South Hales) to elia Indian and China potts still rule Ililli, nu chango in rates hav hit, taken place Foi Shunihal direct the Woodbine and Tien Tain havo boon taken np at ri0s por ton The Bliip Bed lackot loads hero loi Bombay with horses at £16 10s each , coala, .Os copper in ingots at 30s Hie trench barque bt Mare proceeds to Colombo (Ceylon)with a full caigo, at 26a per ton foi breailstufts and boncdust In tho cailler part of the past month coal freights from Iicwcastlo to Melbourne reached au high as -Os, but a^nin declined, and tho roto Is now nominal at 10s 1 ei ton Theie is no chant,»to note in our trade with tho New Zealand ports it (.Ives employment to a limited number of small regular tr ulers hut tho steamers monopolise by far the creator portion of tho traille übe bri^r Afiiean Maid, 141 tons roglstoi. built cloven years ago, is the only salo reported during tho mouth , .she fetched £1,160, but good handy sized veagols can bo placed at sutisfaotory pncia Tlio return of ships despatched from our pert during the post twelve mouths allows that almost ever) disengaged arrlvU found employment hore al remunerative rates British and Luiopean shipowners should not loso sight of the fact thal In addition to other employ mont direct from this, tho coal business fromNcvvcastlo to India, China and California can now bo depended upon, at ratos hillier than can bo obtained dom humo charterers lho charters effected during tile past year to loud guano at Malden Island have been leas numerous than during tho »receding twolvo months, although tho proprlo tois huvo been willing to glvo mies proportionately equal to thoso euri ent from the Chinchas Several slii) s aro at present wanted by the company to lund for homo ut enhanced rates Guano having been found in quantity on Sturboek Island, hit Gdeg S, 166deg W , as woll as on sovoral amollir ones in tho South Pacifie, a fair additional amount of employment in connexion with this manure may reasonably bo oxpectod for the future During tho year there hoa been a decreaso in tho aggrogato ton migo of fi rclcn arrival«, but which la to bo accounted for by the pleasing fact that the colony this season has required no extraneous supplies of brcadatuffs and feeding grain, our wants during tho preceding season having given employment lo a very consldorablo i mount of shipping It is sincerely to bo hoped that uiirlne tliu ensuing y ear a huge stream of immigration from 1 uropo may lion into ttieso colonies, such bolt g much lequired, and it is gratifying to think tint, whilo It would L,rcatly increase general piospoilty, the commit and status of those coming would hu vastly improved XFWOVHTIV (OAI TIIXDI lho following charters havo beon effected during the mouth, vi/ -Tlio Louisa Kolm, coals, Newcastle, î» S W , to Manilla, at 22s , thenco lu this pott, willi sugar and hemp-tho foi mer article at fOs and 80s Un Iholnttei the Heleno, Ion v au SchnUclaar, omi Al dudor, each at I is for mis from Now castle to Hong Kong ohips me wanted to lood coal» at xToiicastlo for Hong IvotiL at 35s , Shanghai, 17s .Bombay, fOa Madras coast, 35a, Java, 30s In the early part of the month 35s wnsofforuel for Maiuitlua hut tint rate is not now obtainable fho Intercolonial > may bo said to bo gonorally quiet, although » riso -i til un place in coal freights, and 20s lins been paid frem Ncwcastlo to tills port, but this rato is not now pro curable, and engagements are now laing made at 18s Tlio quantit) of coal shipped during lho past week lins been n fair average, vii -1J 321 tons, of which -Î,o77 tons w oro for Sy dney, 1,0.10 for Mclboumo, 2,000 for Soutli Australia, 2 131 for Now /cal ind, 1,482 for Doinbay, "80 fur Hong Kong,and 0'2 tons for steamet« and linne consumption MLLBOURtfL MAHK131S 'ilfcSDxl, DlX lo Till. MILLS Prices icmaln pretty firm as last reported, but btisl ness is not ver) biisk, and transactions aro intilnl) confined to tho supply of Immediate town wanta Quotations aro as follow -Best lloui, £1710s to £18, second quollt), £10 ; bran, Is 2d to Is 3d , pollard, Is 4d to Is Oil , wheat, 6s Od to Os , moil, £22, pearl barley, £28 RETAIL MARKETS Butcher's moat is unaltered in price bggs and butter aro plentiful, and iwultry oro also supplied In largo numbers The demand loi tho abov c arblclis of provision has boen very largo, »a ia usual during this season of tho year, but as the supply bas also been «-xtcnslvo, prices romain on tlio whole stationär) The following quotations may bo given -Bcof, .1 to5d per lb , mutton, ljd. to4d per lb , veal, Od pur lb , pork,9d per lb roultr)-fowls, 5s to ts 6d per pair, geese, as to 10s. do., ducks, 6s te 0s Gd do , turkeys, 13s to 25s do Chocso, Is to Is 8d per lb , ccrgu, Is Id to Is 7d per do/en, butter, fresh, 8d to lOd per lb , bread, 8d. to 9d per 41b loaf, milk, Od per quart, luina, Is. to la Od per lb , bacon, lOd to Is 2d | er lb IÏA.Y MARKET There was avery large quantit) of hay brought to- ward this morning, tlio largest, indeed, for tlio past two seasons Prices remained wonderfully firm,and good samples wore readily quitted nt the rates mon tioncd Only a few loads remained unsold after tho market Quotations aro as follow -Hay, £4 to £i~. los , new do , £2 10s to £4 10s , straw., £215s to £3. EASTERN MARKET There was a large attendance both of buyers and sellers, »ntl bwv} quautltics ot garden and dalry produce was disposed of. Tho stock of fruit wa« n»t very large. The following were tho ruling prices : -Vegetables.-Globe artichokes, Gd. to Is. per dozen ; asparagus, Od. to 2s. per 100 ; basil, Od. to Is. per dozen bunches ; beans.1'broad, Jd: to id. per lu, ; do., kidney. Sd. to 4d. per lb. ; beet, «ck to 1». per dozen; bouquets, 4B. to 6s. por dozen) cabbages, la. to 8s. por dozen ; carrot«. Gd. to 8ei. per d»ron bunches; cress, curled, 9d. to Is. nor dozen bunohea ; do., wator, Od. to Od. por dozon bunches ; cucumbers, prickly, 9s.iper dozen; do. long spine, 2«. Od. to 4s. per brace ; garlic, Od. pur lb. ; horse- radish, 2s. to 4s. Gd, per dozon sticks ; lavender, 1K. per dozen bunches ; tettuoe, 3d. to Is. per dozon ; marjoram, (3d. to 8d. per dozen bunches ; mint, Od. to 8d. per dozen bunches; onions, dried, T*. , per cut.; do., green, Gd. per dozen bunches;, parsley, Gd. to 9d. per dozon bunches; parsnips, Sd. to Is. per dozon bunches ; peas, Id. to 2d. per lb. ; potatoes, red, 6s. per cwt. ; do., kid- ney, 4s Gd. to 5s. per cwt. ; radish, 4d. U Oil. per dozen bunches ; rhubarb, Is. to S». per doren bunches ; sago, Gd. to 8el. per dozen bunches; spinach, ljd. per lb. ; Uiymo, Od. to 8d. per do7cn bunches ; turnips, Is. to 2s. per doze« bunches; vegctablo manows, Gs. per dozen. Fruits. Almonds, 3d. per lb. ; apples, 2d. to 4d. per lb. ; apri- cots, 4d. per lb ; ehernes, 2d. to 4d. per lb. ; (freien gooseberries, 3d. to 4d. per quart ; ripe goosobcrrie», Sel. to Ikl. per quart; loquats, 3d. to Gd. per Ib.; pears, (Id. per lb. ; cherry plums, 2Jel. to 3Jd. per lb.'; violet plums, 3d. to 4Jd. per lb. ; raspberries, Is. por lb. ; strawberries, Is. ¡k1, to 3s. (la. per lb. Dairy Produce.-Butter, Sd. per lb. ; cheese, Od. to 10d. per lb. ; ducks, 4s. to I», per pair ; eggs, Is. 3d. to 1-s. Oil. per dozon ; geese, 7s. to 10s. per pair ; lions, 3s. Od. to 5s. per pair; honey, Gd. toad, por lb. ; piceons, 2s. Gd. to ,1s. per pair ; pork, 7d. to Od. por lb. ; rabbit«,2s. to 6s. por pair; sucking pigs, 10s. to lui..? each ; turkoys, IDs. to 25s. per pair; karns, la', to Is. ¡Iel. por lb. ; bacon, lOd. to Is. per lb. LIVE STOGK. .Mr. CIIAIU.ES Ilnovvs reports :-" Fat Cattle.-No. 970\. lho supply this week was moderate, tho quality being principally good to primo ; prices remain with- out any alteration. Best bullocks, £010s. to £7 15«. ; secondnnd inferior, £3 10s. to £f> los. FatSheop_ No. 11,188. There was again a very largo supply, the ? market being very'dull throughout, and-prices fully Is. per head low or. Bcstwethorw in wool, 9s. to IO*. ; shorn, 0s. to 7s. ; second and inferior, 6s. to 8*. Stmo Cattle-Well-bred cattle arc still lu request, mid would, If of available ages and condition, realise» good prices. Storo Shcop.- There is very little de- mand at present, and I seo but little prospect ot any improvement for somo time." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da,, Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., Trench ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Poitugucso ; II., Hamburg; Hu... Hanoverian; 1., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; S., Sw-edUh ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Böig., Belgian ; Br., Bremen; Pr., Prussian; li., Russian ; s., Bhlp ; b., barque; br., brig; be., bchoonor ; s.S., steamer.] Nov. ARRIVED. 20\. Tien-tsln, B. b., 254, T, J. Jarman, Foo-chow foo.-Parbury Brothors. 29\. Isabella, B. br., 250,11. Muckorsoy, IIongKonç.- . Boyd and Currie. 29\. Clay moro, B. b., 287, Thomas Haddon, Mauritius. -Joshua Brothers. 30\. Jeannie Oswald, B. b., 212, T. Devine, Batavia, S. R. and C. Groom. Dec. 1, Oleo Maiden, B. B., 1,305, Edmund rowell, the Downs.-Dickson, Williams, and Co, 1\. St, Mare, F. b., 202, J. Cavero, Mauritius. O. Tondeur and Co. 3\. Santon, B. b., 510, Win. Balmano,Calcutta.-Lori- mer, Manx ood, and Home. 3\. Wariiawk, IS. s.s. (under cauvai.), 100, N. Heath, Loudon, vlft Ply mouth.-Held, Poolo, and Co. 7\. Mediator. 15. s., 1,008, S. Stowart, Londou, via Plymouth.-De Pass Brother» and Co, 9\. Australind, B. b., 493, A. Kanack, Vancouver"« Island.-Dickson, Williams, and Co, 10\. Lady Melville, B. s., 1,200, Wm. A. R. Styles, Loudon, \ ii Scllly.-W. 1". White mid Co. 10\. Shalimar, B. s., 1,704, Hobt. Bussell, LIvcrpooL Lorimer, Marwood, and Home, 10\. l'refotl'aul Kiart, F. b,, 401, U. Barra, Charcute. -Bligh and llarbottlo. 10\. Wnrrior, B. s., 919, It. B. M'Farlano, London. Jas. Henty and Co. 10\. Woodbine, B. br., 216, J. Day, Foo-cliow-fo». Grico, Sumner, and Co. 11\. Marcollus, B. b.,271, G. White, Mauritius.-Dal- gety , lilackw ood, and Co. 11\. City of Londou, B. b., 350, H. Emmerson, Mau- ritius.- Captain. 12\. Glendower, B. s., 1,101, J. Brlnsden, Gravesend. -M'Oulloch.Sollar, andCo. 12\. Cosmopolite, S. s., 1,009, L. L. Watte, Gcfle. IVilshlnnud Lelghtou. 12\. Coiiiitessof Seafield, B. b., 312, li. Ilao,Mauritius. -W. Crosby and Co. 12\. Sparkcuhoo, B. s., 1,221, J. Butler, Loudou_W. Crosby and Co. .ii 12\. Lady Bow cn, B. s., 892, William Llv higslou, Moa- " " treal.-It. Towns and Co. 12\. hollis, D., h., 008, N.J.De Vies, Batav!a.-J. W. l'loos Van Amstel. 13\. Maedulf, [B. a., 1,130, T. 1). Watson, London.-W. Crosby and Co. 13\. .lonny Hortoaux, A. li,, «38, Wm. II. Harrison, Now York.-Moore, Hawthorn, and Co. ' . ?«' l8. Mallard Bustced, A. 8., 00a, A. F. Knowle«,' l Boston.-Newell and Co. 15\. Selmldls, Bel?, s, 1,800, Theo. Verbrogghe, Svurb w lok.-Captain Vol bruirghe. 15\. Kmillo, Br. l>. 1,100, John Lamke, Now York.-R. Towns and Co. IG. Axotu, It.M.S.S.,1,600, A.B. Farquhar, Gillio. Franklin li. Kendall. 10\. City of Molbourno, B. s., 1,823, Richard Jones, Liverpool.-Bright Brothers nud Co. 17\. Canterbury, B. »., 1,200, Geo. It. Fontil, London. Geo. Martin and Co. 17\. Lottie Marlo, D. s., 1,047,0. C. Smart, Sodorhain. -O. Tondeur and Co. 18\. Truo Briton, B. s., 1,000, G. II. Bawn, Plymouth. ' -W. P. White and Co. 20\. Niagara, B. s., 1,602, P. Jlncfnrlano, the Clyde. -A. ¿laclarían and Co. 22\. China, A. s., 1,173, Ö. Weeks, Boston.-Osborn, dishing, ami Co. 22\. Helmsdale, li. H., ï,257, Gcorgre Tiekoll, London, via Falmouth,-James If. White and Co, 22\. Prince Charlie, Is. s., 1,310 tons, John Irving-, London.- Dickson, Williams, and Oo. .»..llotliuiy, B. s., 1,080, F. Richardson, Leith. Miller anil Johnston. '21. Greyhound, 11. br., 230, T. T. Brown, Foo-chow foo.-li. lowns and Co. Nox-i cLKinxD orr. .28. llombay, B.M.S.S., 008, G. C. Bui-no, Galle-F. ' It. Kendall. 28\. Damascus, B. s., 904, li. Boadon, London, via. Geelong'.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. ," '28. Matador, 11. b., ¡102, T. Kalckloser, Hong Kong, vi.1 Newcastle.-E. Cohen and Co. 29\. Siam, A. s., 723, W. Luce, Boston, U.S., Wfi . Maldon Island.-It. TOVVIIB and Co. 29\. Albert Jurss, Mecklenburg se, 221, O. Siudt lander, Foo-chow-foo, vlil Newcastle.-E, CoheA und Co. ' ' ' Dec. 2\. David and Jcsslo, B. se, 111, It. M'MIckcn, Colombo.-Pigott Brochéis aud Co. 3\. Jeriisalt'in, B. s., 901, J. Laiglo, London,-Dal- gety, Blackwood, and Co. 4\. Somersetshire, Ii. s.S., 2,312, J. S. Atw-ood, Lon- - elon.-W. P. White and Co. 5\. Cleopatra, D. b., 255,1). L. Lundborg, London, vift . Adelaide.-Fanning, Nankivell, und Co. 0\. Dauphin, F. b., 419, F. F. Blanche!, Noumea (Now. Ciilnloiiiu) -Cureior and Adot. 7\. While Star, H. s., 2,310, J. Kon-, London. Lorimer, Mnrxx ood, and Homo. 7\. Proteus, D. s., 1,195,51. Murphy, London.-Bright Brothers and Co. 7\. Prldo of the Ocean, B. s., 1,109, O. Duko, London. , -J. 11. Whito and Co. 11\. l'lcchoro, B. s., 730, J. C. Dales, London, vl.t Adelaide.-Dickson, William*;, and Co. 13\. Tion-tsin, B. b., 254, T. ,1. Jarmuii, Guam, via . Newcastle.-J. Henty and Co. 14\. Isabolla, I), br., 250, II. Mackersey, Mauritius. Boyd and Currie. l8. Bauer, B. e., 742, J. Beaton, London.-J, H.. Whito and Co. 15\. Wlnofrcd, B.s., 1,359, W. Sorgont, Loudon_ Bright brothers und Co. 121\. Superb, B. s., 1,461, K. Jones, London.- W. P. . Willie and Co. C>M. King of 'i'lunips, B. a., 699, N. Murray. London. Jos. Lau ranee. 23\. Donald H'Kay, B. s., 2,004, li. luchareis, London, . x ia Geelong.-Bright Brothers uud Co. 24\. St. Poniard, V. li., 831, N. Hleliard, Yokohama and other Jiipiinose ports.-ti, do Beer. £4. Agra, B. s., 925, O. Miller, London.-Lord and GOLD SHIPS WniCH HA VIC SAILED. SINCE OUH LAST SUAIMAKV, The following is a list of tlio ships taking rjtíd xv hieb havo sailed heneo nineo, the publication of our - liest Minimary, together w ith tlio quantities and destl- - nations : Nov. 28CitynfAdelaide ..Sydney .. Nov. 28Uonmny .. ..Gallo .. Dec. 4|Soineisituhlrc ..[London .. Dec. 19, Yo« Yangs.. ..iNowcastlex Dec. 21iSnporh .. ..|Londou .. 6,575. «,6T2 7,47» 2». 11,01*. The total amount of gold oxpartcd from tho colony hinco tho beginning of tho year is 1,701,133 ounces, oC° which 273,223 ounces woro transhipped from New Zealand. During tho corresponding poriod ot the previous year tho entire quantity exported i wa». 1,810,937 oiiiicas, and of tills total 348,824 ounces were,, from New Zealand. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE TUB DEV PARÏUUE OF TUB NOVEMBER MAIL. Nov. 28. bombay, It.M.S.S., for Gallo.-Saloon : for King. Georgo'uSound-Mr. J..C. Patorson,Mr. it. Gtuauo; f*e Point de Gallo-Mr. li. Adderley, Mr, lionscaria; fop Calcutta-Dr. Ireland ; for Boinliay, ilr. T. li. l'»i-» lernen ; for Morsellles-Mrs. Dongon Bird and family} (two), Mlbs Tato, Mr. Finlay, Mr. W. Hose Bulllvaui.. DKC. 4. Soiiiurhotshlrc, for London.-Cabin : Mr. and Mrs. fld v Hi s, A. Cruloy ami child, Mrs. andMa,sterIIackottr,Mni. At n omi »ml child, Miss A. Choi no, Miss Kliser/endcr, Mr. J. U. Duerdin, Mr. W. hawkins, MR, Ksarauol Cocking, Jim., Mr. Kawlinson, Dr. Addison.! and 108 lu tho bccond and third cabins. Dxo. 7. WliltoStar, for I,ondon.-Saloon : Mr« and Mr». Noyes, fnmlly (two), and servant; Mr., Mrs., tia Master Driuvmlo; Misa Bornard, Capt, O. Nelson, »ad Mr. J. 8. Thompson; Dr. Bubcrge» Burgoon; atut lwciitx-thrt.o in the steerage. BRO. 21. Superb, for London.-Cabin : Mr. and. Mrs. Georgs Isaacs, family ((our), and servant ; Mr. and Mm. P. V. Boss and two children, Mr. and Mrs. Ryland, Mrs. John Sidney and Miss Siduoy, Mm, Maddock, Hiss Boas, Miss Annlo Capron, Mun Wfcbb, Miss Harper, Mr. Higgins and servant, Mr. Oiillo Montoogrosti, Mr. Henderson, Mr. Thomas Le/,, Mr. William. War- nock, Dr. J. II. Bartlett ; and rJjcty-fourln tho,th(ro\ cabin. 