TfiLBQRAPHIO SUMMARY FOR ENGLAND. fThe following brief epitome of the leading features of the news is intended for telegraphic transmission, or to facilitate the prompt publica tion of Australian items in the journals on the roure 01 tne mail steamers as well as in Great Britain. I I From the South Australian Register ] SOUTH AUSTRALIA. _ _ Adelaide. April 29. 1SG7. Trie February mail arrived on April 12, with news toFebrjary 25, and Lite telegrams to March 11. The weather during tbe latter part of the mouth has been exceedingly beautiful. A considerable quantity of rain has fallen in the Nosth, and it is expected that it will bo a good lambing season. We are in the midst of a Ministerial crisis. The Attorney-General first resigned on the ground that his connection with the 'Jovernment was likely to prejudice his client Mills in the Moonta case. The office was then offered to Mr. Andrews, Q C, and declined by that gentleman. Mr. Milne. Com missioner of Crown Lands/afterwards reEignei), and this was followed by the resignation of the whole Ministry. The Hon. A. Blyth has since been 'sent for.' Despatches have been received from the Home Government, who refuse to remove Judge Boothby, and leave the matter in the hands of the local Go vernment. Mr. Justice Boothby having persisted on the Bench in denying the authority of bis colleagues, the Cbief Justice and Mr. Justice Gwynne have adjourned the Court till the first day in next Term. This has led to great excitement in the colony, and it is generally thought Mr. Boothby will be suspended. it has been reported that Mr. Boucaut, Attorney General, would be indicted in the Police Court on the charge of ' champerty and maintenance' in respect to the Moonta Case. The Supreme Court has been moved exparte for an order to commit the Attorney, Secretary, and two of the Directors of the Mconta Mines, for contempt in paying the last dividend centrary to an injunction granted by Judge Gwynue, restrain ing them from doing so. The case was postponed till May 4. i~°*~ The Chief Secretary has risked the South Eastern District, and, with the Treasurer, who ha* been in the other colonies, has returned to Ace* laide. The revenue receipts for the first quarter of 1S67 were £183,123. The expenditure has been £280.000. The protection question is still being agitated. An -Industrial Protection League has been formed, and a scheme published. A few meetings have been held, and the papers have been filled with letters on either s:de. A considerable number of persons is still going to the Barrier Ranges to search for gold. Though there is no evidence of any discovery having been made, gome are still sanguine about it. Another fraud, similar to that which was ex posed some time back by Messrs. Dunn & Co., Iiub lately been detected at Melbourne; the brand of Messrs. W. Duffield & Co. having been put upon bags containing flour of inferior quality, not manufactured by them. His Excellency Sir Domiuick Daly has been suffering the last few days from a rather severe attack of gout, but is now much better. The Governor and a party of gentlemen have visited Murray's Biscuit Manafactory at Uoro mandel Valley. A special land sale has taken place at Mount Gambier. Sixteen thousand three hundred and forty-three acre* were sold for £18,245 14s., exclu sive of improvements. 'I he Chief Inspector of Sheep reports the flocks of the colony to be in a satisfactory state. At a meeting of the Northern Territory Com pany, in Adelaide, a strong feeling was expressed in favour of uniting with other land-order.holders to get the purchase-money returned by Govern ment. At the annual meeting of the S. A. Mining Association, the shareholders .approved of the action of the Directors in discontinuing workings until the price of copper rose, and the expense of getting ore ts market was lessened. Smral constituencies have been feting their re presentatives during the month. Dr. Faterson, of Melbourne, has arrived, and assumed the position of Resident Medical Officer at tbe Lunatic Asylum, to which he was appointed a few weeks ago. The medical profession hare Riven a compli mentary dinner to Dr. Moore, the Colonial Bur geon. Dr. Graham, formerly Assistant Colonial Sur geon at the Hospital, and now of Melbourne, is here on a visit to Dr. Moore. A Homoeopathic Dispensary for the benefit of the poor is now being organized. The two companies of the 14th now in Adelaide are to be removed to Tasmania, and four companies of the 50th Kegiment are to take their place here. The handbome Congregational Church, built in memory of the late Kev. T. Q. Stow, and which is called the 'Stow Memorial Church.' has been opened for public worship by the Bev. A. M. Hendersi n, of Melbourne. The opening services were very successful. The church has cost about £11,000, including the price of the land. The Roman Catholic Bishop contemplates a visit to Borne shortly. The Kev. Dr. Lackhaus will leave for Victoria at the same time. The Catholics have resolved upon establishing schools of their own throughout the colony, at which a religious and secular education is to be given. The Kev. Jas. Henderson, late of Victoria, has been settled over the Presbyterian' Church, to* Adelaide. The Moravian missionaries in the Far North have had to leave their station owing to the threatening aspect of the native*. ^i he Governor will turn the first sod of tbe Port Wakefield Railway on the 8th May. The Torrens Dam is nearly completed. Already a fine sheet of water is thrown back for Borne distance. Tne .taster nonaays nave wen thoroughly en joyed this year. The weather was delightful, and the city was well nigh deserted. Mr. Samuel Hart, the well- known importer of drapery, and an old colonist, died suddenly of apoplexy on Good Friday moming. Mr. A. Hay and his family hare returned from Europe via Melbourne. The steam dredge is now working in Port Adelaide. Miss Aitken, the eminent Scotch Tragedienne, is giving readings with marked success. She has been exceedingly well received. MisB Aitken and the 'Amateur Christy's' have given a successful entertainment to the inmaUs of tbe Lunatic Asylum. Grace Egerton (Mrs. Geo. Caxe) and Mr. Cnie are giving their entertainments in Adelaide 'on their way to India. As usual they hare been very successful The Jockey Club Meeting has been held at tbe Thebarton Course. Tbe attendance was unusually large and the weather fine. Cowra won tbe Cup, and Apparition the St. Leger. Sir J. H. Fisher has announced- his intention to retite from the Presidency, and Mr. E. M. Bagot from the Secre taryship of the Club. Mr. H. C. Mais, of Melbourne, has been appointed Engineer-in-Chief nee Hi. W. Hanson resigned. ' , The National Bunk has declared a dividend of 10 per cent and a bonus of 2J per cent A sum of £5,000 goes to the Reserve fund: The immigration at Fort Adelaide to April 20 kas been 1,£85; emigration, 1,232. The cereal exports to April 20 (ontports in cluded) amount to £424,728 11s. 6d. The Customs receipts to April 20 (ontports in clHded) were £63,656 0s. lid. The imports and exports at Port Adelaide only to April £0 aie— Imports, £650,722; exports, jE815,60P. The total quantity of land Fold to April 18 was 7Q.133J acref, yielding £81,449 7*. The railway receipts on both lines to April 20 amounted to £61,866 4s. 2d. Share List.- Banks— Adelaide,' j£3 11§. ; National, Adelaide register, £510s. ; ditto. Melbourne regUter, £5 10s. Insurance Companies— 8outh Australian, £117s.; Adelaide Marine, £1 6s. j Adelaide Life, 7b. ; Equitable Fire, £1 6*. Gas .Company Adelaide £8 5s. Mines — Burra, £31 10s. ; Moonta £1CO; Matta, £2 10s.; New Cornwall, 103.; Yelta, 10s.; Wheal Coglin, 6s.; Poona,10s.; Wheal Hughes, 11s.; Wheal James, 15s.; ChaUa, 5s.; Sixth Creek (Gold), 15s.; Parramatta, £1 ; Euko, 6s. Bailway- Kadina and Wallaroo, £10 12a. 6d. Aerated Bread Company, 5s. 6d. Arrived- Edith Smith, from Port Loui'b; Wan drahm, from Hamburgh; Bergenseren, from Frederickstadt ; Fire Queen and Indus, from London. Sailed— Danish Beauty, Sirene, Anglia, Affghan Jarnes Longton, for Liverpool ; Alpha, for Fai, mouth; Earl of Southesk, Ardbeg, and Crest if the Wave, for London; Njord, for Callao, In venifiie, for Natal. 