THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 1867. In the Legislative Council yesterday, the President took the choir at twenty minutes past four o'clock. Mr. Learmonth was introduced, by Mr. Sladen and Mr. Strachan, and took the oath and his seat for the South-Western Province, in place of Mr. Rolfe, unseated by the Election and Qualification Committee. Mr. ANDERSON gave notice that on the next day of meeting he would ask the hon. member representing the Government, whether it was their intention to introduce an Amending Land Bill during the present session ? Mr. COLE moved an amendment in the standing orders, to the effect that a member moving an order of the day without remark should be at liberty to reserve his speech for a later period of the debate. After some remarks from Mr. Sladen, the matter was referred to the Standing Orders Committee. A return showing the gross amount received from the sale and leasing of Crown lands during the year 1866 I and the deduc- tions made for immigration purposes,' was ordered to be laid on the table. The Customs Bill and the Lunacy Laws Amendment Bill were received from the Assembly, read a first time, and the second readings made orders of the day for the next day of meeting. The House then adjourned until Tuesday next. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, the Speaker took the chair at Half-past four o'clock. Mr, CASEY presented a petition from a number of woodsplitters in the Sandhurst district, praying fora reduction of the licence fee now demanded from them. Mr. VALE (in reply to Mr. Whiteman said, so much water had been wasted by par- sons apparently using it for little other than domestic purposes, that it had in many cases I become imperative. that the water should be supplied by meter. Mr. VKHDOXT (in reply to Mr. Levey) said the board to consider the applications of volunteers for the land certificates to which they are entitled, had been appointed, and it was fired by the Government that it should proceed with its duties without delay. . Mr. TUCKER gave notice that, on a future y, he would move that the Bill for Quiet ; Titles under the Land Act of 1862 be stored to the notice-paper. Mr. VERDON (in reply to Mr. Davies said at, if possible, a portion of the sum of 5000 set down for charitable purpose? and be appropriated in aid of benevolent cieties in country districts. On the motion that the Speaker do leave the chair, in order that the House go into c mmittee of supply, Mr. LEVI moved, as; an amendment ' that the, course adopted by the Govern n nt with reference to the contracts entered: into by them for iron pipes, in November last, for the water supply, as disclosed by the documents laid upon the table of this House isl-alculntcd to destroy the confidence of bolt fide contractors in tendering for exton she contracts, and is prejudicial to the true names of the country and this House is of opinion that the lowest tender was improper, refused." The matter he considered a very! important one. It appeared that after ' tenders had been called for and sent in, a new clause was added to the specifications. The Lowest tenderers were Messrs. Bright Brothers. A few days afterwards.a.letter was received by that firm from the engineer-in-chief, stating that the contract would be accepted, subject to the pipes being liable to all duties and Y»-harfogc rates liable upon them at the time of delivery)-. There was already a clause in the specifications providing for the payment of wharfage rates and other charges then in force. To the papers applied for by him there was a memorandum added, stating that, although Messrs. llriyht's tender was £1,780 5s. 'Id. less than the next lowest, yet that had Messrs. 'Bright's tender been accepted the country would have lost £07 14s. 8d. if the wharfage rates asserts not paid by them. The 9th clause of the specifications, however, provided that all charges for landing at the wharves should be paid by the contractors ; yet in the face of this Messrs. Bright Brothers were asked to enter into another agreement to pay all duties and all rates which might be leviable on the arrival of the pipes in the colony. He contended that a more flagrant case had never come under the notice of the House, and if such practices were allowed the country would lose a large sum of money through respectable firms declining to tender for Government contracts. It was a singular thing that the firm as he had thus been deprived of a large contract were noted for their opposition to the present Ministry, Yvhilst the firm who obtained it were equally noted for their support of it.- The reply sent by Messrs. Bright Brothers to the communication of the engineer-in-chief stated that they based their tender upon the existing state of the law, and upon that reply he maintained that they were entitled to have had their tender accepted. By the engineer in-chief this firm were asked to pay all duties that might be levied, besides wharfage rates and they might have thought that in a change in the tariff these pipes may have been subjected to a duty of from 20s. to 30s. a ton and thus, instead of being gainers by the contract, they would be large losers. The question might arise as to Yvht'ther all goods imported for the GoVernment should not be exempted from Customs duties. Messrs. Bright Brothers were. not told that, no matter what alterations might be. made in the tariff, they would not be called upon to pay more than the existing wharfage rates ; but such a clause was added to the contract when the tenders were finally accepted, and when no representative of Messrs. Bright Brothers was present. Mr. MACOHIÍGOK said that the papers laid on the table of the House would prove that the motion moved by the hon. member could not be justified. He acknowledged that Messrs. Bright Brothers' tender was the lowest, Messrs. Macfarlane being the next. The consideration of the tenders was postponed from one meeting of the Board to the next. In the mean time it was brought under his notice that on a previous occasion Messrs. Bright Brothers had, by an action at law, successfully resisted the payment of wharfage rates. Messrs. Bright Brothers were then informed that they would be required in the contract then pending to pay such rates, and were asked if they would accede to that condition. They replied that their contract was based upon the existing state of the law. That law had already been decided in their favour. Therefore the Government were justified in presuming that it was not the intention of the firm to pay these rates. But, again, the t consideration of the tenders having been postponed, it was the duty of Messrs. Bright Brothers, or their representative, to be present at the adjournment. Upon that occasion the new clause, which had been prepared in order to secure the payment of such duties or rates as were leviable upon the arrival of the pipes, provided that the sum did not exceed that which would at that present period be due on the importation of such articles, was read, and the tenderers were asked if they were Yvil) ing to accede to it. There was no response on the part of Messrs. Bright Brothers, and the next lowest tender was then accepted. He was informed that there was a representative of Messrs. Bright Brothers in the room at the time, but he took no part in the proceedings. He contended that the Govern mejitSxverc perfectly justified in acting as they had done. Mr. LANGTON said that the wharfage rates were not in existence when Messrs. Bright Brothers entered into the former contract, upon Yvhiuh they refused to pay those rates which had been subsequently imposed, and therefore there was no parallel between ? the these cases. The insinuations which had been cast against that firm were altogether unwarranted. He contended, also, that was unfair that the specifications should be altered after the tenders were once sent in. The principal feature, however, in the case was, that Messrs. Bright Brothers were asked to pay all duties and rates which might be leviable at a future time, when no such! demand was made from other tenderers. Mr. VALE maintained that the "Water Supply department were bound, upon discovering an error in the specifications, to rectify that error, in order to protect the Government from loss. Messrs. Bright Brothers- were informed of the date upon which the adjourned meeting of the Board to consider the tenders was to be held they knew of the alteration to be made and they could have been present had the; so desired. Indeed he was informed that the gentleman connected with that firm, am who had conducted all the business with the department relative to the transaction, own in the room, heard him (Mr. Vale) declare that the tender, of Messrs. Bright Brother Would be accepted on the same condition as those upon which Messrs. Macfarlane tender was afterwards accepted, and then immi diately left the room. He maintained, with regard to the former contract upon which Messrs. Bright Brothers did not pay the wharfage rates, that, had the contract bee: with any other parties than the Government that finiiYVOUld have had to pay them, an therefore it was an obligation which the were legitimately bound to discharge. Mr. LEVEY- thought the Government were bound not to collect duties upon goods which they had contracted for, when such duties were imposed subsequent to the contract! 'beirig'entered'iñtó." ' If ""Shy other doctors were allowed, then the Government, by in posing onerous duties subsequent to the acceptance of contracts, might, in fact obtain their goods for nothing.' It was ex' dent that Messrs. Bright Brothers were never made aware that they WOULD be only called upon to pay a sum equal to the existing wharfage rates, and therefore they had been unfairly treated. Mr. KITE thought Messrs. Bright Brothers had been treated with every courtesy by the Government, who actually sent an officer (the department to that firm to ask them they would take up the contract, and he only received an evasive answer. He had no doubt but that Messrs. Bright Brothers intended A outwit not only the Government, but all the other competing contractors. After a few remarks by Mr. Embling and Mr. M'Kean, the amendment of Mr. Le' was put and negatived by a majority ( thirty-four to fifteen. The House then resolved itself into committee of supply. On the proposition that £74,150 should be granted for ivories connected with wharves jetties, harbours, &c.;, ' Mr. LEVI proposed that the sum of £35,000 for the purchase of Cole's and RaleigH wharves should be omitted, He did not think the wharves would be required for sometime, and at any rate no harm could arise from the. vote being postponed. Mr. VALE said that the amount had been fixed by arbitration. Of course, if the committee wished the item postponed for the production of the papers, there could be no great objection to it. It was desirable that the wharves should be the property of the country, and if not purchased now, there was little doubt that at no future day could they be obtained at the same price. After a few observations by Mr. Levey and Mr. MacMahon, Mr. VERDON said he had no objection to postpone the item until the papers were on the table and therefore he would move the vote less that sum. The vote, with this exception, and also with the exception of £500 towards removing rocks at Arthur's Seat, which was also postponed, was, after some discussion, agreed to. £15,000 was voted for the police buildings throughout the country, and £10,000 for the gaols. On the vote for £30,000 towards the graving dock at Williamstown, the Government explained that the designs had been altered, and the dock was now being made large enough to admit any ship that could enter Port Phillip Bay. The following sums -were then agreed to £3,000 for repairs and additions to penal establishments, £80,500 for lunatic asylums, £15,000 towards buildings and other works for reformatories and industrial schools, £8,000 for the erection of court-houses, £4,500 for lighthouses and lightships, £3,000 for powder magazines, £2,000 for survey offices, £2,000 for treasury buildings and gold offices, £8,700 for telegraph buildings and extension of telegraph lines, £1,000 for buildings, fences, raising footpaths, &c.;, in Botanic-gardens and Government-house reserve, Melbourne, and £1,000 for repairs, ventilation, and furniture for the Parliament Houses. Considerable discussion arose on the pro- position for a vote of £10,000 for building a new Government printing office. It is represented that the present building was unfit and unsafe for the purpose ; but, on the other side, it was contended that a large amount of the Government printing could be done for more economically at private offices and that, if this course were taken a new building would not be required. The vote was ultimately postponed. £50,000 was proposed for the construction of roads and bridges outside the boundaries of road boards, shire councils, and boroughs ; but after some discussion, this vote was also postponed, and progress wos*i*eportcd. The House, at twenty minutes to twelve o'clock, adjourned until the following day. Although the Government can generally muster some forty members on a division, and are able to carry nearly everything they propose, there are from time to time unmistakable indications that their strength, or, what amounts to the same, their prestige, has greatly declined. Whether from external dangers or from internal dissension from the secession of Mr. JONES or the freaks of Mr. FRANCIS the fact is patent that the star of M'CULLOCH is on the wane. And in nothing has the change been move clearly manifested than in the altered bearing of Ministers themselves. It is true that Mr. M'Cur. Loch is still at times not over courteous to the Opposition, and that the Attorney-General occasionally gets into a frenzy against merchants, squatters, bankers, and other members of the " wealthy lower orders;" but between the tone and manner of both these gentlemen, and those adopted by them during last year, and especially throughout the conflict of 1865, there is a marked difference, which every member of the Assembly and every attentive observer of the debates cannot fail to notice. In no single instance has this altered tone-the result and index of altered circumstances been more conspicuous than in the last stage of the Customs Bill in committee on Thursday last. To make our remarks intelligible it is necessary to revert to the discussion of the budget resolutions. It will be remembered that while the House was engaged in the consideration of those resolutions in committee of ways and means, a member wished to propose an increase in a duty. This, the Chairman ruled, could not be done, since no change could be made in the propositions submitted to a committee of ways and moans except on the motion of a Minister, or after a message from the Crown. It was at once objected that, if this ruling were maintained, such a measure as the Customs Bill ought not to be considered in a committee of ways and means, but in a committee of the whole House, where duties could be reduced or increased as the committee might determine. On this the point was referred to the Speaker, to whom it was submitted that bills imposing temporary taxes, providing for the ways and means of the year, and not involving a policy, could properly originate in committee of ways and means j but that bills creating permanent taxes, having no special reference to the ways and means of the year, and embodying a fiscal policy, should originate and be considered in committee of the whole. On the Treasurer admitting that the Customs Bill did embody a policy, the Speaker at once ruled that it ought to be considered in a committee of the whole House. The full effect and significance of this decision was not at first apparent. The change from one committee to another, though seemingly a mere matter of form, carried with it important results ; indicating, in the first place that the Customs Bill was no longer what is technically termed "shall of aid and " supply," and secondly, and as a consequence of the former, that, being an ordinary bill, the Council would be much more free to deal with it. The Government, however, were not disposed so to regard it, and therefore, instead of attaching to it the ordinary preamble, they employed that, bastard edition of the English preamble to bills of aid and a supply, which was made absurd, and then adopted by the conference between the two Houses last year. But directly it was pointed out that there was no precedent for the use of such a preamble in a bill ' originating in committee of the Whole, Mr WELDON, like a certain famous 'coon "came down" hadn't fe lightest objection to the change, did forthwith, agreed that all the nike ductor) judges should be struck out, one of the bill should commence with there and ordinary "Be it is enacted " there can be no question that the preamble is the mark by YVIUCII bills of aid and supply can be distinguished from ordinary measures "A bill i founded upon a resolution of the committee of ways and means," says yo ' is drawn in the form of a bill ' or aid and supply, but a bill founded a union the resolution of another com < butter is generally prepared and assented to by the Crown in the ordinary manner " And the reason of this is very simple All taxes granted tothcCioYvn YYCio originally annual, and the bill of aid and supply, by Yvlnch Mich tiYes Yveie granted, then held the second fulfilled the purpose of the modern! Appropriation Act The first tax, Balaclavas imposed for more than a year, was that known as " Health money," raised in 1003 to CR VI n s the Second for his life No permanent taxcsYveie is closed until after the Revolution of 1688, when loans, the nucleus of a national debt had to be provided for and with the permanent taxes appropriation ids came into use the control which the Commons before exercised over the finances by means of their annual grants, the) lune since asserted chiefly by ap preparation acts for although taxes are frequently imposed in committee of ways and means, yet the bulk of the taxes are of a permanent character, and the TOY ernie derived from these the Commons can only control by means of an annual appropriation But the committee of YY ways and means, and the pi gamble which it gives rise to, has been made to serve another purpose To bills originating in this committee the Commons used to attempt to tack measures YYIIICII they knew to be obnoxious to the Louis, and they did so because the Louis had well nigh abandoned all claim to alter, or even to reject bills of aid and supply Since attempts at tacking IUY e been abandoned, the committee of ways and means and its meaning have been employed to ¡rotcotfiscil measures which the Commons had resolved to pass, and, we believe, e, for a century past this protection has been effectual, In 1860 the bill repealing the paper duties was rejected by the Lords ; but in the follow night that repeal was included in the bill of mi and supply for 1861, and, by the help of the pi camble, became law. Ik Louis, however, have always arthur and exercised their right to deal 'with measures of legislative policy, and although they have seldom altered such measures, they have frequell) postponed or rejected them without creating any jealousy on the part of the Commons. In fact, the latter House has never asserted its cx drive light in regard to bills involving a general policy, and imposing permanent taxes. The first of the famous re additions moved by Lord P VI/NIFHSIO*** in 120, on the rejection of the Paper Duties Bill, did nothing more than de tim that the light of granting «¿(("j (i (f applies is in the Commons alone," and by this declaration it tacitly admitted that the light of dealing with ethel thin " aid and supply " bills was hired by the other House equally with it the following this precedent, 01 rather treating this declaration, on Astniblj in the passed a sunday le windon v, hen the tariff and Appiopna ton Bill and is rejected by the Council He are therefore, justified in concluding that the Assembly desired no more than to dunne the Council of the light of dealing with bills of aid and supply. The Customs Bill about to be sent to the litter, is, by the admission of its miners by the decision of the Speaker, and by the stamp upon its face in the west of a preamble, not a bill of aid and supply, but a insists e of legislative Pic). The Council can, therefore, according to English precedent and it is" to that rather than to the terms of our Constitution Act that Mr. HIOIN WHAM chooses to appeal either reject or postpone it, if, indeed, they cannot see it also. Unfortunately, they committed themselves last year to a state and that they would pass a protective visit, even if it comprised a duty on an; otherwise we should have ox Petted at their hands the rejection of a man containing such an iniquitous tax. Ayr in Australia cannot too often contemplate the position of affairs in win Each month's mail brings us '»^ellYYorthyof close attention, it shows us how the greatest demon He constitution in the world bears 1911 In the severest trial to which any man could be exposed. It must J remembered, too, that it is now for the time really being tested. Until J federates raised the standard of weights, and claimed the privileges of Smil"e all. I'a'd been plain 35 first half of this century it 5 in r"n*athei'WOrk for the Using' ÍLdühcultlt? the- Presented them or was I as l)0htlcians squabble StCSS?10*1 sale which was the institution. They were, with one TViçi<îeptioua, small local troubles, 5 sent by the laY, and fought ten whose comT" interests cated If' SeriOUS and compli- ZZTT'indced'from among S,)íe, but they were invariably Limited "otcopedYvithjanda set the world has just witnessed. Ä\^m?ditecaTrof Pros Re w'T 2085 Uls that expose Kalaf Oats? bolder Govern in a yearswas never be- tes à Calls war- it was not eased by the burthen of a national ferólMirnl 150'' to deal With a ä soft' w- 'disagreed tar in . ' . find no standing M li, contain, no frontiers to '¿flbrlancQ,of PIT to preserve; few fed down from Previous * ' a"e Perplexed so often the states men of Europe. And it was also free from that great searcher of the institutions of all fully peopled countries, poverty, occasionally intensified into distress. Whatever, therefore, might be hoped and augured for the future of America, no dispassionate observer could say before the late war that the Union constitution had proved itself equal to the emergencies of a nation's existence. It had been on parade, but it had not yet gone into action. The civil war, again, did not prove anything about American institutions, unless, indeed, it be their inability to avert that catastrophe. Undoubtedly that terrible conflict showed that the Government of Washington was capable of a determination and vigour which it had never got credit for before, and able to command a sustained power which excited the wonder of the world. It fairly beat the old military Governments of Europe in their own line. Not one of them could have waged such a war without experiencing much greater difficulty in raising both men and money, and finding its resources much more crippled at its termination. But this merely proves the power and vigour of the nation. The constitution had nothing to say to this mighty display of force. It had itself to be placed in abeyance in order to enable that dis . play to be effectual. "While the conflict was being waged the constitution was hung up. The laws were silent while all laws were appealed from to the arbitrament of arms. It is now, for the first time, that we can observe how WASHINGTON'S scheme of government bears itself in a great national crisis. Each month's mail now throws more light on the real capabilities of the American constitution than could years of fair- weather chronicles. According to the latest news, the conflict between the Executive and the Legislature was daily becoming more serious, and the judiciary itself an independent power-was gradually being involved between the two. In one aspect it is impossible to justify the action of President JOHNSON on the principles of pure democracy. He persists in a policy which was specially referred to the people for their judgment, and which they have elected representatives pledged to oppose. To support his views, he uses the veto power, which was only intended to delay the action of Congress for the purpose of defeating it altogether. The most that can be claimed by the President , under the constitution, is the right of retarding the passage of any proposed measure until public opinion has time to declare itself, and the Legislature time to reconsider the matter. But after this opportunity has been afforded, and particularly after the country has been appealed to by a general election, the President ought, unless in some very extreme case, to accept and carry out the policy adopted by the nation. Such is the principle of the constitution of the United States, and if it were not that the present crisis is one quite unprecedented, and not either anticipated or provided for Mr. JOHNSON would be without excuse. But the strong point in his position is, that in fact the constitution has temporarily failed. A state of things exists which it is not adapted to deal with. Half the states are not heard in Congress at all. The extreme measures urged on him are those of only the other half, and they are specially directed against the section which is unrepresented. If, indeed, the whole nation, with all its conflicting interests and varied populations deliberately agreed on any policy, he would not pretend that he was justified in impeding its execution. But he con- tends that now he throws his whole weight into the scale only to preserve the balance of the constitution, which is disturbed by half the Union being un- represented. Unquestionably there is great force in this view, particularly when it is recollected that the represented states are legislating against the unrepresented. On the other hand, it is impossible not to feel the weight of the reasons which the North advances for the position it has taken up. The whole design of the war has been, it is said, to abolish slavery. At any rate, that ought now to be the grand object of the Government of the Union. " If," says Congress, " the slave states be admitted at " once to their old position in the Legis " lature, and be allowed their full weight " there, we have no guarantee that the " abolition of slavery will be thoroughly " effected, involving as that abolition " does so many social and political " changes." It is no wonder that the public mind of the North is excited, last, after all the misery and bloodshed of the four years' war, slavery should be found to survive, only with some trifling modification. Whatever may be thought of the reasons which originally impelled the Federals to take up arms, it is undoubted that, as the conflict advanced, they fought against slavery. It is certain also that slavery is now banished from the Union-in law, at least, if not in fact. The constitu- tion is now purged of that blot, against which lovers of freedom throughout the world complained so often and so bitterly. The statute-book of this great Republic is no longer to be disgraced by corrupt compromises with sir by by infamous outrages, not merely on the rights of men, but on the principles of common humanity and bye-laws for hunting down fugitive slaves throughout the Union. The mere profession of such principles, the determined adher- ence to such a splendid reform, makes the cause of the North one of the noblest a people ever struggle for. Whatever passion may mingle with it or weakness pervert it, the declared object of Congress' must command the respect of every) friend of progress. But this should not prevent us from observing the weak) point in the United States constitution which this struggle indicates It claims our particular attention when we see that the real difficulty is to prevent one portion of the people from op pressing the other. It is to resist this that Mr. JOHNSON is striving. It is against this that the checks provided by law prove inadequate. We may admit that the Republican party mean well but they are trying to carry out the! wishes by trampling on the clear rights of the Southerners. Here, then, in the latter half of this nineteenth century, we find the old difficulty which has so often embarrassed democracies turning up again. One tyrant may be put down, but who is to control millions'? HOW are peoples to be restrained from pursuing their objects by unjust or oppressive means'? We know too well that YVC cannot calculate on men always acting justly. We know that at times they are sure to act unjustly and oppressively. Whoever discovers how to prevent powerful classes from oppressing YYrcak ones, will insure the success of those democratic institutions to which mankind are evidently and rapidly tending. If this problem be not solved in the present cycle of the world's history, We can scarcely expect that the democracies of our age will be more successful than were those of the ancient Yvorld. For YvhateY'cr disturbing influences may from time to time pervert men, the general aim of the human race continues ever to be after justice. To attain it is the object of laws, of constitutions, and of society itself. Without it no people can long be kept at rest. Liberty and political rights are only valuable as helping towards its attainment. If they fail to secure it, they themselves will soon be given up, and any form of Government readily embraced which will better secure the end' for which all Governments exist. It is well for us that we are situated more favourably for solving this problem than any other country could be. It will be our OYVH fault if we do not solve it successfully On the proposition in the legislative Assembly, last evening, that the House go into committee of supply, Mr. N. Levi moved the revolution which for some time past has been standing in his name, condemning the action of the GOVernment in the matter of the late contract for the supply of iron pipes. The hon. member pointed out that after it had been declared that Bright Brothers were the lowest tenderers, they were asked to engage to pay any duties which might be in force on the articles in question at the time of their serving in the colony. Blight Brothers naturally objected to enter into any such agreement, as it was just possible duties might be imposed to such an extent as would entail upon them very serious loss. On the part of the Government it was contended that the Government, finding that the specification in the original contract was not sufficiently binding to ensure the payment of the wharf age rates by the successful tenderers, xxxii bound, in the interests of the country, to collect them that Blight Brothers knew when the adjourned meeting of the Board at which the contracts were to be determined was to be held, ihatlheyweieieptatcdlyaskedto attend, and that if they really intended to pay the wharfage rates it was by their own laches that they lost the contract, since had they been present attending to their business they we would have found that, whatever new duties were imposed, the amount to be demanded from. the successful tenderers was not to exceed the Yvhaifj£,o lates then in existence. Ultimately the motion was negatived by a majority of thirty-four to fifteen. We have not heard the last of the Certifi- seat-holders' Titles Bill yet, and it promises to be anything but a quieting measure. Mr. Tucker last night gave notice of his intention to move that the bill be again restored to the notice- paper. If, however, it is brought forward in its previous shape, the hon. member can have but slight hopes of success. The Hon. Thomas Levi month, who has elected to sit for the South-Western Province (in room of Mr.. Rolfe), took his seat in the Legislative Council yesterday afternoon. Tenders for works necessary to complete the lunatic asylums at Beechworth and Ararat were opened yesterday, at the offices of the Board of Land and Works. As it was deemed desirable that they should be further considered the determination of the Board was losses ed until to-day. YYro understand that the lowest tenders were, in round numbers, £7,000 and £5,000 respectively. The annual grain and seed show of the Port Phillip Farmers'' Society was held yesterday, at the Exhibition-building. The show in most respects was scarcely equal to those of former, years, but the supply of wheat and daily produce was meritorious. The competition in some of the classes extras very limited. The prize-list will be found in another column. The meeting of the Council of the Board of Agriculture did not take place yesterday, as convened, for want of a quorum. The hand of the 14th Regiment will play in the Botanic-gardens from foul to six o'clock this afternoon. The following is the programme : -Overture, "The Barber of Seville," Rossini ; quadrille, "Feet," First a " Reminiscencesof Bellini," anangedbyGodficy ; salt?, "Albert Victor," Coote ; selection, " Bohemian Girl," Balfe; galop, " II Con scale," De Gum. A deputation from the Ovens and Murray, district, consisting of Messrs. Matheson, of the Nine-mile, and Love es and D. Brown, of Wahgunyah, accompanied by the Hon. Mr. Highett and the Hon. Mr. Anderson M.L.C.'s, and Messrs. Kerferd, nanna, G. V. Smith, and Orr, M.L.A.'s, yesterday waited on the Commissioner of Railways, for the purpose of requesting a reduction in the late per ton charged for the conveyance of wheat from Echuca to Melbourne by rail. Mr. W. H. Wright, the sceietaiyfoi railways, and Mr. Feehan, of the traffic superintendent's department, were also present. The deputation represented that there were now in the Ovens and Murray district some 5,000 or 7,000 tons of surplus wheat, for which no market could be found unless the rates of railway traffic were sufficiently reduced to permit of its being transported by the Victorian line. The Murray River steamers had already made a special reduction to 15s. per ton from 5s. per ton and the Railway department was asked to take off 19s. from the present charge of £1 19s. per ton. The deputation further pointed out that the railway would be required in the wool season, when there were many empty trucks going back that the department would reap large profits by securing this traffic; and that, if the concession were not made a huge area of grain-pioducingcountiy must be thrown, out of cultivation, through the inability of the farmers to find a market. Mr. Wright said it generally happened that empty trucks had to be sent up to fetch the Wooloowin. Mr. Sullivan told the deputation he was favourably impressed with the idea they had put before him, but said he must take time to consider the propriety of making the reduction proposed. A correspondent suggests that at the great musical festival about to be held in the Exhibition-building;, under the direction of Mr. Horsley, the doors should be opened at least an hour before the concert begins, in place of the traditional half-hour. There is not time within the thirty minutes for the audience to get into the building and seat themselves comfortably; and thus, unless the time is extended, grout crushing and unpleasantness may be expected. The gallery at the south end of the Public Library, which was occupied by the picture collection of the Intercolonial Exhibition, having, by the removal of the exhibits, become available for the use of the trustees, advantage has been taken of the room thus gained to make a rearrangement of a portion of the art museum, by which the usefulness of the collection has been much increased. The antique collections, the north wing being allowed to remain as before, the changes made in the other part are as follow :- The large room in the south wing is now devoted to modern statuary ; the works of the early Italian artists, Michael Angelo, Donatello, and others, occupying one side, and those of later English, French, Italian, and Danish sculptors the other. Proceeding thence into the end gallery, the room at its termina- tion is used as an ethnological gallery, containing v. capons, articles of clothing, &c;, and photographs of the aborigines of various parts of Australasia and the South Seas. It is intended also to firm a collection of skulls of natives of the different tubes, when such can be procured. One of the weapons, belonging to natives of some part of Victoria, is noticeable for a peculiar decoration, apparently of a symbolical character, which it bears. It is a weapon used in throwing spears, and on one side of it is engraved a female figure rising out of a tree. One can scarcely help supposing that this slight effort of native art has reference to some aboriginal legend, which may, perhaps" be considered worth a place in the "metamorphoses" of some future Australian Ovid. The same room at present contains the engraved portraits of the Emperor Napoleon and the King of the Netherlands, which were lately received. The collection of pictures is placed in the long gallery, and the cases containing the Arundel collection, the bronzes near, South Kensington, and other works of minute art, are ranged along the centre of the room. On account of the large amount of space available, all over-crowding of the pictures and other objects has now been remedied, and they can, in consequence, hasten to much better advantage. The school of the collection is contained in the room a. the east end of the gallery. The collection is not yet placed in order ; but comprising, is it does, models of various parts of the human name, busts, heads, architectural and decorative cases, when property arranged it will be found most useful for artistic purposes. The cellars below Mill now be used for receiving and opening cases of books, for storing files of newspapers, and also on containing the duplicate collections of books which are supplied to the suburban libraries. Messrs. Pettit Brothers have lately made a -Aickomoik two-wheeled charge of a novel style of construction, in the purpose of a safe and easy family conveyance. From the manner in which the weight is placed upon the springs, and if another peculiar ities of the make the mother of the shafts, so ob -actionable in two-wheel vehicles, is avoided ; while a contract, ance has been introduced by which in case of the horse running away the shafts can be detached from the vehicle. From the body also being kept very low, the persons in the vehicle would keep their seats even if a wheel came off. A special meeting if the members of the Medical Society of Victoria was held last evening, in the boardroom of the Melbourne Hospital, Mr. Girdlestone, president of the society, in the chair The president mentioned that the object of the meeting was to consider a bill which had been introduced to repeal the 69th and 75th clauses of part, 4 of thePublicIIcalthStatitc, 1869. These clauses prevented the solution of the -River Yarra, by the carrying on of noxious trades on its banks, and in the course of such business' casting into theatres decayed and decaying, animal, A vegetable, and organic matter. This was a proper subject for the medical profession to take up and to bring the danger prominently before the attention of the public. The medical profession had in view the prevention, no less than the one of disease. The Medical Society would therefore be -wrong if they allowed an alteration in the pro (visions of these clauses in the act without expressing an opinion against it. Dr. Neild moved. the first resolution, as; follows : " That the Medical Society of. Victoria desires to record its protest against the bill now before Parliament for repealing UM Yarra Pollution classes of the Health Act, as being directly opposed to the spirit of sanitary progress, and calculated to inflict much injury and discomfort on the inhabitants of this city and its suburbs.' The miner referred to the inquiries now undertaken by a loyal commission for inquiry into like matters in England, ant called public attention to the fact that great efforts had been earnestly and successfully made there to put and to keep pure tin streams of Houng water which had been injuriously affected by manufactories or the banks. Dis. Mid, Cutts, Macarthy, and Mah supported the resolution, in which Mr Gillbee concurred. It was put by those gentlemen that he sanitary considerations connected M with the matter under the notice of Parliament in this bill to repeal the Yarra pollution clauses had scarcely yet been sufficiently pressed upon the attention of the general public for the evils of polluting the river' of this city could not be over-stated. The speakers referred also to the minor occasional _ interests which would be affected by it, as the bathing, tin angling, the bating, and the possible do pendence of Melbourne on a temporary water supply for the Yarra River, in the event of the Yan Yean reservoir being suddenly ron der ed incapable of meeting the wants of the citizens. But the arguments were chiefly; directed to the more serious question of en com aging disease in the community, am that this measure would most certainly; encourage, aid in the event of future Hoods castle? polluted mud on the banks and beyond them, actually creates; disease; and it was to be remembered that each individual firstly affected with the same became, assured, a centre from which in section would spread. The resolution was unanimously ruled. The following was also adopted hem. 'on. a "That a petition be presented to Parliament against the bill from the Medical Society of Victoria and, by the medical profession generally." The meeting was not a large one, but it was stated that the speakers could vouch for the unanimity of the profession in opposing this attempt a restoring the opportunities of polluting the river shearn. ¡ A numerous meeting of the members of th Emer aid-hill At Gallery Corps was held last evening in the Orderly-room, Captain Ki one presiding. The meeting was called for the purpose of considering the propriety can alteration in Rule 4 in the regulations which the company was governed, in order to enable them to form a band which has been for some time in contemplation, copy of the rule to be substituted was still emitted by the secretary, which provided for the maintenance of a band by a committee appointed or that purpose. Thechairnifi said he was altogether opposed to the alteration and cautioned the meeting against of expense that would be entailed by such proceedings as he was able the cost won not be less than £100 a-year. it was stated, however, by the secretary, that judging from the subscriptions received, in addition to those promised both from members and non-members of the corps, £50 a-year would not be required from the general fund. It was also asserted that the finances of the company were in a flourishing state, as the income for last year amounted to £050, whilst the expenditure was only £400. The motion for the adoption of the new rule was ultimately carried by a large majority. On a motion for the immediate nomination of a committee to take action in the matter, the chairman said that until sanctioned by the volunteer authorities and the Governor in Council, no further steps could be taken. The meeting soon after closed. The district officers and members of the United Ancient Order of Druids attended last evening at Cutter's Bricklayers' Arms, Richmond, for the purpose of opening --the Stares Richmond" lodge. Vice-president B. Coney, A.D., initiated the members of the new lodge. Brother A. Easther was elected chairman ; Brother A. Easther, jim., as vice chairman and Mr. Stillman as surgeon. The Melbourne Philharmonic Society gives Mendelssohn's celebrated oratorio " Elijah " in St. George's-hall, this evening, under the conductorship of Mr. David Lee. The society has done well to select artists of ability and repute to produce so popular a work for their first concert of the year. Madame Carandini, Miss Rosina Carandini, Miss Fanny Carandini, Mr. Walter Sherwin, and Mr. Peter Cazaly, of Ballarat, fill the principal parts of this grand work. Mrs. Cunningham and Mr. D. Beaumont (brother of Mr. Armes Beaumont with other amateurs, supply the subordinate parts. In the Supreme Court yesterday, the Court disposed of the cases of In re the Arbitration between Gill and Fowler, in favour of Gill The Mayor, Ac, of the Borough of Sandhurst v, Sherbon, in favour of the borough, reversing the decision of the judge of the County Court at Sandhurst The Queen v. Skinner, Judge, on the relation of Ryan, against Ryan, affirm- ing a decision of the same judge ; in re M'Iniyre, J.P., on the relation of Hill, against Hill, correcting an error of a judge of the Supreme Court, and of counsel who appeared before him in chambers ; Couche and another v. Donaldson, reversing the decision of the Judge of the County Court at Melbourne and Sadler v. Van Hemert, a demurrer, on which judgment was reserved. Gentlemen, who from the heat of the weather or other causes, are led to indulge to such an extent that, being desirous of returning home at night, they are obliged to be lifted into a cab, often in the course of the journey meet with little adventures, which, in a pecuniary sense, are, not at all profitable to them. This is a fact which can be fully supported by a Mr. James Parkes, a witness in a case heard at the City Court yesterday. It transpired from the evidence that on the 7th July, this gentleman was a passenger in a cab to Richmond, being, as he expresses it, " unconscious " during the greater part of the ride. On arriving at his destination, he discovered that his gold watch had been stolen. A man named John Shillinglaw, described as an accountant, was yesterday charged with stealing the watch, and the case having been partially heard, he was remanded till Friday. There are in Melbourne men of a most benevolent aspect, who walk about from door to door humbly soliciting donations on behalf of this or that charity, for the promo- lion of which, they wish it to be understood, they gratuitously give a large portion of their valuable time. Some persons, blessed with unsuspecting natures, when applied to ii this manner generally give something for the purpose named, without taking the trouble to make inquiries either as to the character of the applicant or the justice of his request Perhaps, however, a case which came before the City Court yesterday will cause them to be a little more cautious in future A man named William Doherty was accused of fraudulently converting 10s. to his- own use. He had collected the money with the avowed object of burying the child of a poor woman, but instead of applying it to such a purpose he kept it himself. Mr. Sturt, after severely lecturing him, sent him to gaol for seven days. At the District Court yesterday, Mr Andrew Cavanagh, the landlord of the Kildare Hotel, was fined 30s for allowing abandoned women to assemble in his house Mr. Henry Carter, landlord of the Cross Keys Hotel, was accused of permitting thieves and disorderly persons to be in his licensed house The case was postponed for seven days, to give the defendant an opportunity of closing his tap. Mr. William Rees, of the Horse and Jockey Hotel, and Mr. Joseph Carter, of the Dublin Tavern, were each fined 30s. for selling liquor and allowing it to be drank of their premises on Sunday, the 24th inst. Mr Michael Quinlan, of the Glenmore Hotel was accused of permitting cards to b played in his house on Sunday. The defendant was dismissed with a caution as it was shown that it was no much past tx»-elx'e on Saturday night when: the offence was committed. Mr. Michael Stapleton, of tbeCaledoniallotcl, was fined £ for allowing billiards to be played in his house on Sunday. Mr. Joseph Foos, of the Globe Hotel, was also summoned for permitting low characters to be in his house, but as it was ascertained that the licence had been transferred from Mr. Foss the day before the alleged offence was committed, the charge was with drawn. An inquiry was instituted yesterday by the district coroner, with a view of ascertaining the origin of the fire by which the dwelling occupied by Joseph Hill, was burned on the 2nd inst. Elizabeth Bradshaw stated the she recollected the fire at Hill's hut. He sister told her that Mrs. McGregor had set in to the place, and on the following morning witness repeated the statement to His Robert Bradshaw-, on being sworn, said tin on Saturday night, 2nd inst., between now and ten o'clock, his sister told him that there was a fire at Hill's place. Witness and his sister immediately went out, when he saw a woman with a light in her hand going towards the hut, setting fire to the grass as she went along. Witness saw her round the end of the house and set the roof on fire with the burning material which she had in her hand. He could see her face di tinctly, and aways positive that it was Margan McGregor, the woman now present. YVitnc pulled down the burning bark and got a fire under, but it broke out again afterward If he had not been on the spot the hut and I contents must have been destroyed. 1 answer to questions put to him by Margaret McGregor the witness said I did n speak to you at the hut, but I a certain it was you I saw there. I know you 1 your face and dress. The fire was not up to before I came. I saw you putting the ft into the hut." Joseph Hill, a broom-maker occupying the hut mentioned, said he and his wife left the place on Saturday morning to go to Melbourne with a load of broom On returning at daylight on the following morning he found the hut had been s fire to and the bedding burned. The property destroyed in the building was not worth more than £1, and the val of the whole place with its contents w not more than £3. Witness was burned out of another; but- three weeks before this occurrence, and on that occasion his loss amounted to about £14 or £15. Seven or eight weeks ago witness told Margaret M'Gregor that her children were robbing his hut, when she called him names, but did not make any threats. Ellen Bradshaw, on being examined, said she accompanied her brother to the fire on the night of the 2nd inst., and saw Margaret McGregor setting fire to the place in the manner described. The woman was about twenty-eight. yards off, and by the time witness arrived at the but she. disappeared. She lighted. the grass, and applied the piece of burning wood to the hut in the most deliberate manner. The jury, after hearing the evidence, returned a verdict that the hut was wilfully set fire to by Margaret M'Gregor. The city coroner held an inquest at the morgue yesterday on the remains of a child found in a right-of-way off William-street on the 12th inst. Dr. Neild stated that he had examined the remains of the infant lying at the morgue. They were those of a child of full growth when newly born. With the exception of the skin, all the soft parts were changed to adipocere. Some of the bones were missing. The bones of the head, the arms, and the right. leg were complete ; those of the left leg were wanting. There were only three ribs and some fragments of the vertebrae. The skin was hard and leathery. There was a quantity of fine light brown hair, about three-quarters of an inch long. About six inches of the navel string remained ; this, like the skin was dry and leathery. Witness concluded from this that the mother of the child was not attended either, by a medical man or by a skilled midwife. It was impossible to say whether the child was born alive or not. It had probably been dead, about six or eight months. The circumstance of the body having been exposed to much moisture would render it possible that a somewhat less time might have elapsed. The next witness examined was Mrs. Dorothy Sewell, who stated that on the 25th. instant she had occasion to examine some boxes- left- in her charge by Richard Thompson, whose wife was a niece of witness's husband. Witness opened one of the boxes and found in it a bundle wrapped in a green skirt. She did not know the contents of this parcel. She put the bundle in the dust-box, and subsequently throw it over the fence into the right of-way". She afterwards saw the bundle in the possession of the police. Mrs Thompson died in Melbourne lately. She had been married eighteen months. Her manner was strange. She always kept the key of the box in which the bundle was found, and refused to give it to her husband or any one else. Richard Thompson, on being sworn, stated that some months before his wife's death he thought she was in the family way, and spoke to her about it, but she denied it. He afterwards asked her if this was not the case, when she again, replied that it was not. Witness went up the country, and was absent for about five weeks, leaving his wife at Sewell's. On his return, witness noticed a difference in his wife's appearance, and asked her if she had been confined, but she replied that she had not. Other witnesses were examined, but their evidence did not contain anything of importance. The coroner having summed up, the jury returned a verdict, that there was no evidence to show when, where, or how the deceased child came by its death. The Alexandra Diggings, beyond Yea, on the Goulburn, are daily becoming of more and more importance. A gentleman lately returned to Geelong from thence states that there are six known payable claims on the reef already opened up, and the yields of others are expected to be very rich, but the quartz had not then been crushed. Our in. formant paid £300 for a sixteenth part of a fifth share in one claim, which had averaged seventeen ounces to the ton. Water was very scarce, in consequence of which crushing operations could not be proceeded with. A quantity of tailings had been brought to Melbourne to be analysed, there being reason to believe that, from defective batteries, a considerable quantity of gold still remained to be extracted. * The various friendly societies in Geelong have arranged to hold a fete on Easter Monday, the proceeds to be given for the benefit of the hospital. In consequence of the contemplated absence of the Volunteer band at Sunbury on that day, the Chief Secretary was applied to to permit the juvenile industrial band to be present on the occasion, and the request was immediately acceded to, the purpose being a charitable one. The Swiss vignerons in the neighbourhood of Geelong have felt for a considerable time that they were being taxed by the various local bodies out of all proportion to the value of their respective properties. They are now about to take steps to have their burdens lightened. The Government have already been communicated with, and a petition, which is now being drawn up and signed, will be laid before the committee of the Legislative Assembly to which the amendment and consolidation of the law relating to road districts have been entrusted, for their consideration. The inquest on the remains of the man James Ordish, found drowned in a waterhole in Brunswick, was ordered by the coroner to take place last evening about five p.m. A number of witnesses, and also the jury, who were summoned for half-past four o'clock, were present. After waiting for several hours they dispersed, the coroner having failed to make an appearance. The body of a labourer named William J, Jones was found by Constable O'Sullivan floating in the river Yarra, near the Falls bridge, on Tuesday. At an inquest held by Dr. Youl, the jury returned an open verdict, there being no evidence to show how the man: came by his death. A large number of miners left Maldon or Monday for the Mackenzie diggings, Mount Pleasant, Yea. A miner, named Edward Sandy, while engaged at his work on Friday last, near: Woodstock, was seen suddenly to pause from his labour, and almost instantly full down dead. The borough council of Amherst has decided to make application that the name of the County Court and Court of Mines be altered from Amherst to Talbot. Another fire occurred at Herne-hill, near Geelong, on Tuesday night, when a large stack of hay belonging to Mr. W. G my was consumed. A man has been arrested on suspicion of having caused the fire. As a farmer named Wiseman was on Friday last driving a cart, in which was his wife and half a ton of goods, on the road from: Daylesford to Ballan, the horse, when at tin Ridge-road Bridge, backed the cart over an incline at the side of the road, and the whole fell a distance of some twenty-five feet. The cart was smashed, and Mrs. Wiseman was seriously injured, but the horse escaped unhurt. A somewhat similar accident occurred at the same place a few days before. Complaints have been made by some vignerons around Beechworth of damage having been caused to their vineyards by the common bees, which are said, having dis- covered the sweetness and houoy-producin qualities of ripe grapes to have resorted t home mode of " tapping" the rife, that an I extracting the sweet juice from the inside. 'It is said that one irascible vineyard. pro prictor threatens to bring an action against a neighbouring bde owner, although hope he will identify the trespassing bees does not appear. Another had proposed to try the effects of poisoned honey placed in the way of the bees, but this is a plan that might be attended with consequences more serious than those contemplated by it. A large number of shareholders of the Sandhurst and Inglewood Tramway Company being about to be sued for calls, some one writes to the .BeMi/isro Advertiser wishing to know how it is that thirty-seven persons are sued for the Unid call, while others (as he says) are not called upon to pay the, first. We take from the Southland Times (Inver- cargill) of the 13th March the following notice of a young actress, who arrived in Melbourne by the last mail steamship front Kexv Zealand: "Miss Eloise Juno takes a farewell benefit at the Theatre Royal on Friday night. It is a farewell not to Invercargill merely, but to New Zealand. We understand Miss June proceeds, nttbeclo.se of her present engagement to Australia, and does not anticipate Returning again to New Zealand. During the somewhat lengthened sojourn this accomplished actress has made in these islands, she has acquired a universal and well- merited popularity in every says she has visited ; nowhere, perhaps, is she better appreciated than in Invercargill. The bill for the evening is in every way attractive, and we would merely call the attention of our readers to two of its items, which they anticipate will forming themselves a treat of no ordinary kind, viz., the reading, by Miss June, of Bell's poem, Mary Stuart, and Ramsay's ever fresh' and charming pastoral, "The Gentle Shepherd." 