MR. SEWARD IN REAL ESTATE. I -as I (from the New York Tribune, September 12.) remains a rather musty anecdote of a French husband who was made happy by tidings that his wife had presented him with an heir. His joy' was doubled, an hour later, by the announcement of a second accession to his family circle , but when, after a further interval, the nurse appeared to congratulate him on the birth of a third responsibility, he jumped from his seat exclaiming, " I must go and put a stop to this business " In a kindred spirit, we were disposed to tolerate the purchase of Walrussia as a rather costly act of deference to our august ally, the Emperor of all the Russias (Walrussia henceforth excepted), but the reports of further investments acute alarm and repulsion If common report may be trusted, the country is already " let in " for the following sums - Dollars Walrussia (undoubted) . 7,200,000 Bay of Samana (St Domingo) 5,000,000 Danish West Indies . 8,000,000 total . . 10, 200 000 And it is cuttingly added that Governor steward can- not be spared at this time from the State Department, because he has several delicate operations in the same line as yet uncompleted General Prim, says a European report, expects soon to be master of Spain, when he will forthwith replenish the exchequer by calling out munificent Secretary the " ever-faithful " island of Cuba for a round hundred millions, and perhaps throw m Porto Rico to sweeten the bargain In short, there is no end to the outlandish possessions we may acquire if Mr Seward shall remain long enough in the State Department and our money (or credit! shall hold out Our repugnance to these operations is known to be radical and invincible. They seem to us to assume as their basis the monarchical idea of government. Why should thirty millions here pay money to have one million (or less) elsewhere live under a common government with us ? We cannot have colonies, de- pendencies, subjects, without renouncing the essential conception of democratic institutions. If Cuba, or any other territory, chooses to redeem herself from European thraldom by a payment of money, that is her own affair and if she shall afterwards make overtures for a place in our Union, we would have them considered with every desire to find them acceptable ; but to buy the alliance of any people is to degrade our political system. What can they bring us that is more than a fair equivalent for what we can proffer them ? Hitherto our invulnerability to European attack has been a substantial guarantee against foreign wars. While we were essentially continental and compact, we could, if at war, damage any foreign power more than it could injure us. Even California will be invulnerable from the hour in which our Pacific Railroad is completed But the acquisition of Wal russia exposes us to annoyance from any great naval power ; while West India possessions will enormously increase the cost of any future conflict with Great "Britain or France. Either we must dismantle and abandon at the first intimation of war, or we must fortify, provision, and garrison at fearful coast-a cost I which imposes no corresponding burden on our enemy, who may assail or ignore at pleasure, If we buy a half-and-half policy, as we probably shall, the armaments and garrisons of our West Indies would very soon fall a prey to the foe. In no conceivable contingency could they fail to prove a source of weakness and of ruinous cost. I vVewant to pay our National Debt. During the last two years, we have reduced it by two hundred and fifty millions of dollars, or about one-eleventh of its fearful amount when the civil WUT closed We want to go on paying ; but the reduction of taxes on one hand and Mr. Seward operations on the other B take as heart sick. Do, Mr. M'Culloch ' use up what hundred millions of coin in paying off public debt of some kind, before Governor beward can make ducks and drakes of it in the real estate market ' We fear that custodians may prove recreant, that Con greta may speak more taxes, that thieves may break through and steal but we fear, above all, the operations of the Premier, el is Mrs. Toodle. The sifcS' investment for spare funds, the surest safeguard against their misuse, is found in paying honest debts THE TJflB OF NARCOTICS nuiuNO SunoicAL OH RAHOJXS. - "Pro Bono Publico" writes to Public Opinion as follows -"The opinion of Dr. Charles Kidd differs materially from the opinion of many other medical gentlemen on the subject of narcotics, there lorry, and other spray. The general practitioner can supply a number of cases in his own practice in proof of the assertion that narcotics and chloroform act more or less injuriously on the brain and on the heart Narcotics net, more or less injuriously on the brain through, the nervous system even in small doses Qutrin, in his " AnimudverbioneB Practice:," has stated that a single grain of opium or twenty drops of laudanum, given to a youth produced an incipient paralysis, and Marcellus, Donatus has collected a large number of cases, some occuring in ancient authors, others in his own practice, and in that of Ino cotemporaries, where by the administration of narcotics the brain has been in some instances partially, and in others permanent ly injured One instance he mentions the case of a lady of distinction who had suffered from unconquerable wakefulness. She was thrown into a very deep stupor, which continued during a day and night, and from which she was only aroused by the most active measures, but such was the effect produced upon her nervous system that she became an idiot, and remained so to the termination of her life. Dr. Clarke and others follow on the same side. As one as on g st man Dr. A. T Thomson observes, 'In some persons curious delirium, in others convulsions, follows the administration of opium." The only circumstances which imperatively call for its administration are very severe bowel complaints, which can by no other means be controlled Chloroform arms more or less injuriously on the heart. Since the employment of chloroform as an anaesthetic many persons have died under its influence, and those persons who had suffered from a slight affection of the heart generally fell easy vic times to its administration. I admit that in cases of amputation chloroform IS preferable to ether spray, but this admission does not in any way alter the case. 'This case remains, viz that chloroform acts more or less injuriously on the heart. Innumerable operations have been performed for the removal of tumours and for the reduction of abscesses under the influence of ether spray with the best possible results But I am of opinion that in ordinary cases a painful operation is to be chosen rather than a painless end under the influence of naitoticB, chloroform, or e her spray. The same objection raised by Dr Kidd to the employment of ether spray, might with eqttaljuBtite be raised against the method recommended by Dr. Arnold for the cure of cancer by the external application of sodium and ice, but no such objection has ever been recorded. Vu LAGE Ci thus -We (the Leisure Hour) are much gratified by receiving the accompanying letter, and hope the example may be widely followed. The writer modestly wishes his own name and the name of the village (in Cambridgeshire) not to be mentioned , but the printed report of the club for last year is before us Lord Royston presided at the meeting Our correspondent says "I was born in this village, and have lived here all my lifetime I was bred a farmer, hut, being fond of mechanics, 1 occupied nry spare hours in the construction of agricultural machines, and by degrees established a manufactory for them, in which I am now able to employ a good number of hands. I have for years observed that the chief bane to the happiness of the working people of this and of other villages is the habit of drunkenness, which so many working men acquire at public houses It occurred to me, about four years ago, that, if a building were erected containing all the comforts of a public-house, without the contaminating influence, it might partly counteract the bad effects of the public-house Ab Providence had greatly prospered me in my favourite business, I determined to appropriate £500 or 2800 to the objects, and, having purchased ground sufficiently large for outdoor recreation, I brushed the building on it in 1866. I did not know precisely what regulations I should adopt, till I met with the port of the ' Leisure Hour' for October, 1904, when I found that institutions nearly similar to what 1 contemplated had been established in London and some provincial towns. I immediately communicated with the society named in the article, and readily got most valuable information, from which I was enabled to frame a code of regulations the enclosed report, voluntarily printed by a trades- man from a neighbouring village, last Christmas, in the building, will show how far success has attended the project. In order to aid the funds necessary to carry it on, we have entertainments throughout the winters, consisting of music, readings, and recitations, and. we sometimes on such occasions have an original composition, as on the subject of a recent article in the Leisure Hour Popular English Superstitions.' I thought, when the project of this institution entered my mind, it was quite original, till the ' Leisure Hour ' enlightened me I, however, do not know that anywhere else in England it has been attempted in a rural district ; but I feel now more than ever convinced that something of the kind ought to exist in every district where the working population is sufficiently dense R. M." AvsTitjkLiA.-The memorial of the Australian Conference on postal communication with Great Britain contains the following remarkable statements : " Within the last sixteen years the two colonies of Victoria and New South Wales have produced a supply of gold amounting in value to *lö0,000,000 stfciliDg, five- sixths of which has been the produce of Victoria alone. The colony of New South Wales has raised from the earth 4,617,100 tons of coal valued at £2,742,224; and her coal-fields. north and south of the port of Sydney, may be said to be inexhaustible. New Zealand has risen within the last few years to an important position as a producer of gold and wool. In ten years the colony of South Australia has exported copper to the value of £4,751,633, while the produce other corn-fields is unsurpassed by other countries. The colony of Queensland, in addition to her pastoral and mineral wealth, has established by successful experiment her capability of growing both cotton and sugar. Nor are the resources of Tasmania unimportant to the British Empire. Her wool, grain, and timber, with the oil of her whale fisheries, form a valuable part of Australian exports. In the year 1865 the exports of the six associated colonies in five articles of production, which are selected for their conspicuous value to the world, amounted to more than twenty-one millions sterling - viz., wool, 18,49, G36 ; gold, £11,165,811 ; grain, £1,335,748 ; copper ore, £618,472 ; coal, £274,303. The imports into the six colonies in 1865 amounted to í34,936,987 and although this includes the intercolonial trade and the imports from foreign countries, by far the greater part of this seaborne commerce assists in sustaining the manufacturing power of the United Kingdom. The shipping returns of 1865 for the Australian colonies give an aggregate of arrivals amounting to £1,969,091 tons, and 2,017,724 tons as the aggregate of departures, 'The present number of those animals most useful to man, as compared with the number only forty-two years ago, will exhibit alike the progress and the internal wealth of the colonies. In the year 1825 there were in all Australia 6142 horses, 134,616 head of horned cattle, and 237,022 sheep. In 1875 the returns for the Australian colonies alone, on fitting New Zealand, were 5Û0 874 horses, 3,717,175 horned cattle, and 29,293,711 sheep. The population of Australasia is fast approach ing an aggregate of 2,000,000."-Lejiure Hour. FoiiKiGN COMPETITION. It is too much to hope that the special organs of Trades Unions will take care to circulate among their friends and supporters such a paragraph as we find in The Times of Saturday concerning the foreign coal and iron trades ; but if in some way the facts in the paragraph could really be made known to working men, a good effect, one would think, must be produced. There are people who deny the successful competition of foreign manufactures with our own to any serious extent, but it should always be remembered that the rains which come to light are never the whole truth, as it is felt in the everyday course of business by manufacturers. It is impossible to publish every particular instance of machinery or parts of machinery ordered-! from abroad, ' or to explain in print the cruel sacrifices manufacturers make to retain some branch of their custom slipping from their grasp in the vague hope that things will mend in time. Nevertheless, the facts which do appear i indicate more than they actually state. What corded is that a contract for Bessemer steel tire been taken by M. Cabanoy, of Gaud, at £14 lOi per wheel, two English firms, Messrs. Kitson, Leeds, and Mr. Collins, Derby, having tendered at £22 and £17 8s. per wheel respectively. Then the contract for the axles was taken by the Imphy St. Sen in Company at £4 19s. 2d. per axle, the tenders by the two English firms named having been £13 and £10 8s. It is plain from these figures that the Belgian firms have outstripped England a long way. There is not in question a difference of a shilling or two to he accounted for by reluctance to forego a prout but a difference in the ability to produce. Workmen, then, may consider whether they are not killing the goose which lays the eggs by insisting on high wages at all costs, when there is" a danger of the trade leaving their hands altogether. Of course, if they are pleased to let the employment go, and emigrate rather than submit to lower wages here, by all means let them do so, if they can better themselves elsewhere; but it is as well they should not take steps to make emigration necessary, unless with their eyes open to the conse- quences Sunday Gazette. THE SHIP IN DANGER. Once upon a time there was a vessel very well known in history. This vessel was called the Ship of the State. One day, as it sailed along the passengers, gazing at the horizon, exclaimed, " See yonder ; see yonder " The officers, who were standing by, turned sharply round, as if vexed by this summons to their attention. " Only look yonder " repeated the passengers in all simpli- city of heart, without noticing the officers' movement. " Well, yonder ; what is there yonder ? " asked the officers roughly. "A number of black spots," answered the passengers. " You are mad was the reply. " Black spots which forerun a tempest," the passengers insisted. "Silence!" shouted the officers. "Why do you order us to be silent when we speak the truth? What we say is in everybody's interest, for if the storm-" " The first who talks in that way shall he put under hatches." At this menace the passengers looked at each other and held their tongues, but suddenly the captain himself appeared upon the quarter-deck and swept the horizon with his glance. " Ah !" he exclaimed, "there are black spots down yonder." They were the black spots pointed out by the passengers, and for observing which they had narrowly escaped being treated as malefactors. Whose turn was it to look foolish The officers-or, if you prefer it, the semi-official Press. Charivari. , , AN EMPEROR'S OUTFITS curious letter of Napoleon has been brought to light in the last volumes of his Correspondence, just published, which shows how precise his ideas were on the subject of clothing in a rather unexpected way. It is addressed, under date August 1811, to General Duroc, Grand Marshal of his Palace, and instructs him to act for the time as keeper of the Imperial wardrobe, and to order a fresh supply of the articles required by the Emperor. A ' list in full, in the Emperor's own hand, is annexed. The Emperor orders his outfit in full detail the number of articles, the price, and the dates of deli- very being stated with astonishing minuteness. Imprimis : two grenadiers and two chasseurs coats with epaulettes ; each is to cost £14 8s., but each must last three years; two hunting coats, one for coursing and one for shooting, each £17 ; two frock coats, price £8 each ; four dozen pairs of breeches and. the same number of white waistcoats, to cost £143, all likewise to last three years. Then we have the , underclothing. The Emperor orders, among other things, four dozen flannel vests, four dozen shirts, and the same number of handkerchiefs, to be worn at the rate of one a week, but to last three years : two dozen cravats, one a fortnight, to last six years and a dozen black stocks, one a month. Then he orders boots and shoes, and four hats per annum, the T total of the little bill being £565. - Galignani's Messenger. A > ALISO ED INCIVEASE or ROMAN CATHOLICISM IN SCOTLAND For the last three centuries Scotland has been more intensely Protestant than any other part of Christendom. How has it happened, then certain > alarmists ask, that Roman Catholicism has been making so much progress in the midst of such a population as it has made during the last century The most pertinent answer to this query is to give a flat denial to the statement on which it is founded. In the statistical survey of Scotland, made by Sir John Sinclair at the close of last century, the total number of Roman Catholics in Scotland was said to be 70,000 ; but these were nearly all Highlanders. At present the number of Roman Catholics in Scotland is said to be 290,000, but these are nearly all Irish immigrants, or of Irish descent. According to the Free Press, the Scotch Romanist organ, published in Glasgow-the 70,000 Highland Roman Catholics of the last century have dwindled down to 15,000 ; less than one-fourth, of the number estimated by Sir John Sinclair seventy on eighty years ago. Had they increased at the same rate as the rest of the population, they would now have amounted to 150,000. The numerical increase of Ro- munists in Scotland, since the end of last century, is chiefly owing to the same cause as their rapid increase in the United States, viz., by the exodus of the Roman Catholic population of Ireland. Previous to the potato ' famine of 1848, the tide of emigration flowed towards, England and Scotland with much greater force than towards America. Since that period, the main current has been diverted from our shores to those of the great land of promise in the west, where the Celtic , race is every year becoming more numerous in New ' York and other large cities, and is consequently able to exercise more mischievous influence with regard to Fenianism and other anti-British rnnvprnpnt« - London Scotsman. BAKTLEMY FAIII.-Cockncydom even yet remembers renowned "Burtlemy Fair." What is safe from decay, since even that has died out t What a stir it made once, when for fourteen days one wild tumult of fantastic mirth kept up a roar of laughter round the old priory wants. Let us not suppose, however, that Itahere obtained from Henry I the licence to hold the fair simply to give London a bout at merry-making. The prior held firmly to the axiom, " Business first;; pleasure after." His fair was established to afford a) first-rate market for respectable traders. "It answered well. The cloth fair became noted and he,, who strolls through the narrow and gloomy lanes now called Cloth Fair, will hardly recall that a. uproarious activity of fair- time is the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries. In later;' time?, the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs proclaimed the fair and three Royal charters, those of Henry I Henry VIII., and Edward VI., upheld its privileges. No rank of society was above going to Bartholomew's 3 ' princes, lords, and ladies ventured into the crowd; , statesmen, dramatists, poets, and philosophers, studied, the people there. Of course the taste of the multi tude was chiefly consulted, and amply provided for The thousands who flocked to see a Blondin, will not laugh at the Bartholomew Fair folks, who gazed with delight at the Dutch woman cutting side capers, upright capers, cross capers, and back capers on the tight rope." The " doing of somerset, and the "lilting over thirty swords," further delighted the athletic tastes of the million. The celebrated traveller and explorer of the Pyramids, Belzoni, exhibited at one of the booths as "the Strong Man," soon after his arrival in England, in 1<<n<t -Th. /-i,,.-,,..» A NEW Rin.E. A new rifle musket, the invention of Messrs. Carter and Edwards, has undergone an' official trial in the Woolwich Marsh, in competition with the Snider Enfield rifle, with the following results The Snider rifle was fired by Lieutenant Lecky, assistant instructor of musketry to the Royal Marine division at Woolwich ; the time two minutes, ? when 10 rounds were fired, 14 hits were made, and 34,, points were obtained Carter and Edwards's rifle was',,, fired by Sergeant Bott, 27 rounds, 24 hits, and 54 points. The object was a third-class target, with a AVimbledon bull's-eye. The superiority of |' the " Garter and Edwards' rifle over the Saiden i in rapidity of fire appears to be fully testing- . listed, as the rifle, which is on the, bolt ', sysum, cocks itself in the withdrawal of the cartridges 11 The lock is Purely concealed, and the weapon is fired i t with a needle through the centre of the bolt.' The only springs it contains are the main spring of,|'t,he> j i Ipek and the bear-spring. The inventors, if not stated, are fitting up a spacious manufactory rather- ' ' mingham to construct arms on their principle, in order, to fulfil a late ce contract which they have entered into,' , with a foreign Government. They were disqualified i i fresh contending at the late competition at Woolwich by not liming sent in their arms in time, according, to the regulations. The new rifles above named are adapted equally with the Snider to use the Boxer ammunition, Enfield bore.- United Service Gazette. RAILWAY Si-fcbi).-A comparison of a large number of examples has enabled the Railway Commission to make the following statement In England the express trains run generally, including stoppages, about 40 miles per hour; the average of all the examples of the quickest trains (omitting suburban) given 36 j miles per hour; the ordinary trains run! , generally from 18 to 30 miles per hour ; the average of all the examples of the slowest trains gives '19 V i miles per hour. In France the express trains' run, ' including Ktnppnges, 25 to 35 miles per hour in-the average of the quickest examples is 31 miles; the ordinary trains run from 10 to 25 miles per hour ; the ' ' averages of all the examples of the slowest trains is IS "I miles per hour. The average is pretty much the after < * in other Continental countries. 