SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The business of legislation in this colony has at last commenced. Par- liament assembled for the despatch of business on the 17th inst. His Excellency's speech congratulated the country on the abundance of the harvest, and on a state of general prosperity ; the result of Mr. Verdon's mission to England, and the success of the Intercolonial Exhibition. It pro- mised, amongst other measures, bills to amend the Land Act, the Common Schools Act, the Wine and Spirits Act, the Municipal and Local Government Acts, the administration of justice, insolvency, lunacy, banking, and police. It also promised a measure dealing with mining on private property, and mining on public reserves. No exception was taken in either House to the subjects con- tained in the address, and the man- ner in which those topics were alluded to was not calculated to provoke discussion. In the Upper House, however, Mr. Fellows took exception to the omission of all reference to the non-collected im- port duties in 1865, but a report from the Royal Commission on the subject having been laid on the table (and a statement having been made by the Treasurer, in the Assembly, that of the amount for which bonds had been given only £1,780 remained uncollected), the leader of the Opposition in the Council withdrew an amendment of which he had given notice, intimating that he might after- wards bring the subject before the House in another shape. It has since appeared that the amount of the duties not col- lected in October-November, 1865, was over £61,000. The Ministry has ex- hibited extreme reluctance to enforce those duties ; they will, probably, abandon them ; and thus the direct loss to the revenue will be over £62,000, from the peculiar manner in which the Government dealt with those duties during the struggle in connexion with the tariff. In the Lower House an at- tempt was made to force the Govern- ment to place a sum on the Estimates for the payment of members. A caucus had been held shortly before the meet- ing of Parliament, attended by seven- teen supporters of the Government, and three members of the Opposition. It was then resolved to take the first op- portunity of pressing the subject of pay- ment of members on the attention of Ministers. That opportunity occurred on the motion that a committee be appointed to prepare a reply to the ad- dress. A ballot was called for, and a committee was secured favourable to the movement. After obtaining an adjournment for a day, they brought up a report expressing regret that compen- sation to members for their services had not been proposed, and suggesting that the subject should be dealt with. Mr. M'Culloch expressed his intention to treat the amendment as a motion of want of confidence. This declaration shook the courage of the revolters ; one by one they withdrew from the posi- tion they had taken up, and after a tame debate the amendment was negatived without a division. Since then the Assembly has been occupied chiefly with routine business. It is probable that the Treasurer will make his financial statement on Tuesday next. It is hinted that some alterations will be pro- posed in the tariff, and we shall then learn how the Government proposes to deal with the farmers, the iron-workers, and others who clamour for protection. The revenue returns for the year, with an abstract of the results, will be found in another column. It will be seen that the receipts have fallen short of the Treasurer's estimate by something like a quarter of a million. We shall pro- bably learn from the Treasurer, however, that the savings on the votes of the year have been in the same ratio. Great satisfaction has been felt throughout Victoria at the manner in which the Imperial Government has responded to the application of the colony for assistance in completing the defences of Port Phillip Bay and Hob- son's Bay, and at the compliment paid to the representative of the colony. No discussion on the subject has yet taken place in Parliament, but it is undoubted that the warm feeling of loyalty to the mother country which has so strongly animated the colonists of Victoria has been increased by the events which have followed upon Mr. Verdon's mission. The Upper House has lost one of its members by death during the month— the Hon. John Lowe, one of the repre- sentatives of the South-Western Pro- vince. He had only lately taken an active part in politics, in which, how- ever, he was not calculated to shine. He was a self-made, generous man, of kindly disposition, who had drawn around him in private life hosts of friends. Various names have been men- tioned for the vacant seat, but, so far, with little authority. The supporters of the Government are likely to make a strong effort to secure the seat for a Ministerialist, as they are singularly weak in the Upper House both in num- ber and talent. The Hon. Henry Miller has resigned his connexion with the Ministry, and retired into private life. He is succeded in the Vice-Presidency of the Board of Land and Works by Mr. Macgregor, and in charge of the Railway department, temporarily, by Mr. Francis—the present intention of the Cabinet being to hold the office open for Mr. J. F. Sullivan, who is expected, on his return, from America, in February. The Border Customs difficulty has been arranged in Conference, but the terms of the agreement are to be dis- cussed by the Assembly on Tuesday. Mr. Martin and Mr. Eager, were the delegates from the Cabinet of New South Wales, and Mr. M'Culloch and Mr. Francis re- presented this colony. Victoria will col- lect the duties according to her tariff, on goods passing across the Murray into Riverina, and will pay to New South Wales £60,000 per annum. New South Wales will retain her officers at certain places to collect the dues on goods coming up the river from South Aus- tralia, and will pay them over to Victoria, less five per cent. There is to be free trade in colonial pro- ducts between the two colonies ; and the engagement is to endure for five years, from the 1st of February next. Great have been the rejoicings in the Murray district over this agreement. The friends of the vignerons (in the Geelong district chiefly) object that by this arrangement the duty of 3s. per gallon on wine is abandoned so far as New South Wales is concerned. This result, however, is not unsatisfactory, for the effect of the duty has been to injure the colonial wine trade, the demand for the article having been materially lessened by the inferior quality of the article hitherto sup-, plied by the native wine-maker. South Australia is not a party to this engagement, her representatives having been unable to attend, their Par- liament being in session. The duty on South Australian wine consequently re- mains at 3s. per gallon. The Hon. Mr. Ayers and the Hon. Mr. Blyth have since arrived in Melbourne, and are now in conference with the Government on the subject. A conference on the various postal questions now engaging the attention of the Australian colonies assembles in Melbourne in the course of February. All these colonies, it is anticipated, will be represented. The points to be dis- cussed are more frequent communica- tion with Galle, the arrangements with the P. and O. Company, and the assist- ance to be given to the Panama and Batavian lines of mail communication with Europe, America, and the East, Mr. Gilmore, of Tasmania, has sailed for England to endeavour to form a company to lay down a telegraphic cable from Victoria to Tasmania, between Cape Schanck and Tamar Heads. He will also bring the subject of mail and passenger communication between Eng- land and the Cape, by means of large steamships, under the notice of the British public. The harvest has been abundant, and large quantities of wheat are being shipped for England. Two hundred and fifty tons of Victorian flour will be shipped to the London market by the Superb as an experiment. The season's clip of wool has also been large ; and a cargo has been shipped direct to New York—the first ever sent there— to test the American market. The yield of gold continues to be steady and satis- factory. A French brig has this week brought in a cargo of sugar from Madagascar— the first fruit of the late treaty of com- merce with that interesting island. The steamship Great Britain sailed for Liverpool on the 26th inst., with over 500 passengers and 59,000oz. of gold. The new year came to us with the usual festive concomitants. Perhaps no people in the world keep holiday with more zest than Victorians. At Easter we plunge into all manner of gaiety, at Christmas our merry- making is universal, but the twenty-four hours in which the advent of the New Year is celebrated is a day of days. No religious significance operates to check the holiday feeling, and to many it is the one occasion of the year for complete enjoyment, which at this season is always taken out of doors. In the metropolis the attractions of the Inter- colonial Exhibition and the Champion race brought thousands of visitors from the country, and the consequence was that we were the gayest of the gay. Before noon Melbourne was a desert and its streets almost without a passenger. Albeit the heat was intense, every one rushed out of town for their pleasure. 30,000 persons found theirs on the racecourse ; for miles the river was dotted with boats and lined with pic-nic parties. The Foresters and their wives and families and friends, mustered in thousands at the Zoological- gardens. Brighton Beach was thick with men, women, and children ; and every rural resort was thronged. No accident, save a fire at St. Kilda, marred the general enjoyment, which was but slightly dashed by the high temperature of the atmosphere. The November English mails, per Peninsu- lar and Oriental Company's steamer Bombay, arrived at King George's Sound shortly after midday on the 5th January, two days in ad- vance of her expected time, and left that port at seven a.m. the same day. She had left Galle at half-past ten a.m. on the 10th Decem- ber. The Bombay anchored in Hobson's Bay at half-past four a.m. on the 11th inst. She had a rapid passage from Galle, expe- riencing fine weather throughout. Within four hours of her anchoring she had landed her passengers and mails, and had started for Sydney. The English news had reached us per telegraph via Adelaide, whither it had been brought per branch mail steamer Bal- clutha. The intelligence from Europe and India was of a generally interesting charac- ter, and not the least welcome fact connected with the arrival of the steamer was the re- turn to Victoria of the Hon G. F. Verdon, C.B., one of her passengers, who only escaped a semi-public reception by the fact of his landing at four o'clock in the morning. The English November mails via Panama were brought on per the steamship Kaikoura, and reached Wellington, N.Z., on the 25th December. The fact of the latest American steamer to the Isthmus arriving there a week before the Australian boat leaves Panama deprives us of the English news to the 16th, which we otherwise would receive. Parliament met on the 17th inst., and the opening ceremony was performed by His Ex- cellency the Governor, who fairly astonished our citizens by a " turn- out" on a far grander scale than that adopted by any of his prede- cessors. There has not yet been anything this session that could be dignified with the title of an important debate. The return per English mail steamer of the Hon. G. F. Verdon, C.B., the late repre- sentative of Victoria in England, was quite an event. A meeting was at once called to arrange for a return banquet, and members of Parliament, both Ministerial and in Opposi- tion, were put on the committee. Owing to the pressure of public business, however, the affair has been postponed, and probably will not take place after all. Notice has been given that it is intended to apply to Parliament in the next session for a bill to enable a private company to form a railway, to be called the Ballarat and Bulla- rook Railway. In reference to a letter which appeared in our last summary number, headed "De- pravity in High Places," and stating how on a late occasion, the juvenile sons of a Minister of the Crown were heard to use vile and blackguard language in a shop in Collins- street, some controversy has arisen. The Hon. J. G. Francis, Commissioner of Customs, wrote to The Argus denying the fact, he being the only Minister of the Crown having sons of the age referred to. Subse- quently, "Vindex," the author of the letter, substantially repeated his charge, and Mr. Francis forwarded to us a series of statutory declarations made before a magistrate, by the proprietor of the shop in which the language was said to be used and his assistants, all denying the truth of "Vindex's" statement. " Vindex thereupon withdrew his statement on the ground that the words "Hang you" might have led to the supposition that stronger language had been used. The Customs Abolition Congress, which is the result of the agitation for the abolition of border duties, has held its first meeting at Albury, N.S.W., and adjourned till the result of the intercolonial conference should be known. Its dissolution may now be looked for. At a public meeting of the Customs Abolition League, held in Albury at the same time, resolutions were carried by acclamation pledging the league to " continue the agita- tion till the question was finally settled, and to appeal to the home Government to relieve border residents from the indigency and op- pression they now suffer." A return recently made by the Customs department of the Government represents the following as the average percentages of duty levied by measurement during a period of some three months :—Apparel and slops, £4 18s. 8d. per cent. ; boots and shoes, £4 16s. 4d. per cent. ; drapery, £4 7s. 1d. per cent. ; furs, £4 2s. 4d. per cent. ; gloves, £1 1s. 2d. per cent. ; hats and caps, £9 8s. 5d. per cent. ; hosiery, £4 6s. 1d. per cent. ; leatherware, £4 1s. 9d. per cent. ; saddlery, £7 2s. 10d. per cent. ; millinery, £3 14s. 7d. per cent. Judging from this, it would appear that in no case are the duties over ten per cent., but it has been pointed out that the duty on a suit of broad- cloth worth £8 8s. amounts to 8s. 4d. ; but a suit of moleskin worth thirty shillings pays the same, and 8s. 4d. on thirty shillings is not £4 18s. 8d., nor even ten per cent., but twenty- eight per cent! Again, kid gloves of the best quality pay but three-quarters per cent., while other and coarser gloves pay fully four times that rate. And, as to millinery, although set down at an average of £3 14s. 7d. per cent. a contemporary has seen the particulars of nine shipments, all the millinery in which paid, on an average, seventy-two per cent. Mr. Hitchens, the English billiard player, has played a succession of matches here suc- cessfully. He exhibited some very fine play. New Year's-day, and Saturday, January 12th, were very hot days. On January 1st, the maximum temperature at the Observatory was in the shade 96°, in the sun, 120.6°. There were a few slight breezes at times from the southward on the following day, and their effect was to somewhat lower the tem- perature as compared with the previous day, the highest point reached in the shade being 89°, and in the sun 117.3°. On the second occasion the highest point attained by the thermometer at the Observa- tory was 108.4° in the shade, which is 12.4 higher than it reached on New Year's-day. In the sun the maximum heat was 129°, and at one o'clock the heat on the surface of the ground was 145°. In Collins-street the ther- mometer stood at Messrs. Kasner and Moss's, opticians, in the shade, within entrance of shop, 4 p.m., 96°; in the sun, about 1 p.m. 132°. After nightfall a great fire could be seen ex- tending over a large tract of the Dandenong Ranges, and the form of one of the hill- masses could be distinctly traced in its dotted outline of fire. The thermometer stood at 80° at nine o'clock in the evening, and at an hour after sunrise the following morning it had risen to 88°. A little before nine, the expectations of a most intolerably hot day were agreeably negatived by a shift of wind, light airs fitfully coming in from the south, and gradually steadying into a strong cool breeze. By half- past nine, the temperature, had fallen to 79°, and the rest of the day was delightfully cool and pleasant. The great heat, coupled with the unusual luxuriance of the grass and crops, has resulted in a large number of disastrous bush fires, especially in the more cultivated dis- tricts. The fruit crop has been much in- jured. Volunteer matters are dull, except in so far as the preparations for the forthcoming meet- ing of the Victorian Rifle Association are con- cerned. That will include a series of matches, the competitors in which will be the repre- sentatives of every corps in Victoria, save those of the remote western ports. We have received news of the completion of the rifle match arranged between ten re- presentatives of the Victorian Naval Brigade and the Otago Naval Volunteers, which ori- ginated in a challenge sent by Captain Thom- son, of the Port Chalmers Company, on the part of the New Zealand men, to Captain Fullarton, of the Sandridge division of the Naval Brigade. The conditions were seven rounds at 200, 400, 500, and 600 yards, Hythe position. Our men made up a total of 324 points, a strong S.E. wind operating to pro- duce some very indifferent shooting. As might be expected, therefore, Otago gained the day. The ten New Zealand representa- tives fired at the Port Chalmers butts, and the weather during the firing was somewhat hazy. Their total score was 514 points, or 190 points more than our men. The Victorian average per man is 32 points, the Otago average per man 51 points, which is very poor. Mr. M'Bain, M.L.A. for the Wimmera dis- trict, is about to be absent from the colony for ten months, on a visit to England and America. The local secretaryship of the London and Lancashire Insurance Company has been con- ferred on Mr. Charles Bright, a gentleman long connected with the press of this city. Considerable retrenchments are to be made in some of the Government departments, notably in the police force and railway ser- vice this year. The withdrawal of the gold escort is an instance. The quantity of game brought to market since the commencement of the open season is reported to be considerably below the average. Quail are said to be unusually late in breeding. A small welled fishing craft has been fitted up at Hobart Town for the deep- sea fishing. She is intended to carry the produce of the labours of her crew to the Melbourne market. A long, and in many respects amusing series of regulations for the Civil Service of Victoria, signed by the Chief Secretary, has been published. Among these regulations are the following—The hours of attendance are to be from nine to four, and on Satur- day from nine till noon. No officer is to leave his office during these hours without express permission, or to receive private visi- tors, or to give attention to his private affairs. No fees are to be received, and if required in court as a witness, the officer's fee is to be paid into the Treasury, and a note of expenses incurred sent in. No private business or practice to be engaged in. No municipal or other similar honours to be accepted. No address or testimonial to be received. Orders must be obeyed promptly and readily. Except in sudden illness no officer is to be absent from his office or district without leave. When leave of absence is ap- plied for, the permanent head shall report to the political head the general conduct of the applicant. A medical certificate, or proof of pressing necessity, must be produced when leave of absence is applied for on the ground of illness or urgent necessity. Officers to be removable at pleasure from one station to another. No officer is to incur any liability on behalf of the Government. Officers are to be held responsible for the careful use and preservation of Government property. No in- formation out of the strict course of official duty is to be given, directly or indirectly. Communications to the public press are strictly prohibited. No friendly offices for the promotion of any member of the Civil Service are to be permitted ; applications must be made direct. "In order that officers of all ranks may be enabled to render loyal and effi- cient service to Government, they are hereby expressly required and enjoined not to take any part in political affairs otherwise than by recording their votes for the election of members of Parliament ; all injurious or offensive comments, written or spoken, and affecting directly or indirectly the personal, official, or public character of His Excellency the Governor, any Minister of the Crown, or any member of either House of Parliament, are hereby expressly forbidden, and every violation of this regulation will be forthwith visited with such punishment as the circum- stances of the case shall appear to demand." If an officer is suspended, and afterwards dis- missed, he shall receive no pay from the date of his suspension. All officers are to make themselves acquainted with these regulations, and any breach of them is to be punished by dismissal or reduction in rank. With the height of the summer season has come a series of complaints, mostly from the suburbs, that the Yan Yean water supply— which is in great demand in hot weather— frequently fails for days together, sometimes as long as for a week. The matter ra- pidly assumed the shape of a grave public grievance, for whether there is water in the pipes or no the water-rate has to be paid, ac- cording to the assessed value of the property. Public feeling soon began to express itself, and columns of The Argus were taken up by letters from persons whom the Water department had failed to supply. It would appear, by the explanation vouchsafed by the Government, that the Water department have been extending the service pipes with- out regard to the size of the great main from the Yan Yean reservoir. A promise has been made that another main shall be laid down as soon as can be. From the report of Mr. Archer, the regis- trar-general, we learn that the mean tem- perature of Melbourne and its suburbs in November last was 58.3deg. The deaths in that month exceeded the average by 84, and the number in the previous month by 77. The mean temperature was almost three degrees lower than the average, being also lower than the temperature of the same month in any of the previous six years. The following figures will give an idea of the general mortality in November, within ten miles round Mel- bourne :—Nov., 1860, 503 deaths ; Nov., 1861, 189 deaths; Nov., 1862, 243 deaths; Nov., 1863, 400 deaths ; Nov., 1864, 206 deaths ; Nov., 1865, 324 deaths; Nov., 1866, 376 deaths :—mean of seven years, 292 deaths. 226 of the deaths in November were of chil- dren under five years of age ; and the preva- lence of measles, scarlatina, and scarlet fever lead us to expect that similar returns for December and the present month will exhibit even a larger number of deaths. A few evenings since, according to a plea- sant custom, which has now become annual, the proprietors entertained the members of the literary and commercial staffs of The Argus and The Australasian, and a few friends, at dinner at Scott's Hotel. Mr. Mackinnon filled the chair. The loyal and other toasts usual on such occasions were not forgotten, and the evening throughout was of the most enjoyable character. Mr. Scott catered with his customary efficiency. Mr. H. J. Smith, head of the reporting staff of The Argus, was entertained at a dejeuner by his late colleagues on the staff of another Melbourne morning newspaper, who took the occasion to present him with a very handsome ormolu clock, as a mark of the respect and regard for him engendered during an association of some years. A frightful accident has deprived us by death of the gifted composer and musician who while living among us bore the name of Cesare Cutolo. Some months ago he left Victoria after a few years' residence, deter- mined to seek in his older New South Wales home a more congenial climate and equally prized associations. On his departure he was presented with such tokens of respect as it was in the power of this community to bestow ; but a short experience told him that he would do best to return. He did so in bad health, and, accompanied by his wife, between him and whom a most tender attachment existed, sailed per s.s. Alexandra for Mel- bourne. On the way the spanker boom above him fell, and in an effort to shield his wife, who was on deck with him, he received a blow which caused his death twenty-four hours after. Cesare Cutolo was a favourite pupil of the illustrious Mercadante, and in exchanging his Neopolitan for an Australian life gave us an instance of Italian grace and genius coupled with an old English practice of the domestic virtues. The public deplore the loss of one of the most accomplished and talented musicians known here, and his friends miss one who was an ornament to society. A monument is to be erected over his grave. We are informed that the Consul-General for the Netherlands has received, by the Dutch ship Bilderdjick, a silver medal and honourable testimonial granted by His Majesty the King of the Netherlands to Mr. Finlay Campbell, son of the Hon. W. Camp- bell, as a token of His Majesty's approbation and satisfaction at the courage and humanity shown by Mr. Campbell in rescuing Mr. Van Amstel from the River Campaspe, at the risk of his own life, on the 31st of December, 1865. The navigation of the Murray is now closed for the season. Some alarm was created a few weeks since by rumours of a grave disturbance at Pent- ridge Stockade. One night the alarm bell was rung, and it got abroad that a deter- mined attempt had been made at escape by some of the more accomplished villains de- tained in that bluestone sanctuary. Inquiry proved that there was no danger of any such catastrophe, the circumstances being only such as are by no means uncommon in every large prison in the world. A few prisoners, possessed by a sort of sympathetic mania, made a row in the prison one night, and de- stroyed all the property they could come at. Each of their sentences was proportionately lengthened in consequence. The Collingwood drainage, which during the last two years has been the subject of much discussion, local bickering, and divided opinion, is at length rapidly becoming an ac- complished fact. The borough council met with considerable opposition and some litiga- tion in the outset of the enterprise, from the extravagant demands of some of the property holders on the line, but the last of these claims, just decided by arbitration, removes' the only obstacle to this much-needed im- provement. The work was commenced about two months ago by forming a drain, partly surface, and partly by tunnel, from Wel- lington- street to Nicholson-street, in the course of which some heavy excavating through basaltic rock was encountered, par- ticularly so at the junction of Burlington and Charles streets. The contract price for this portion of the drainage scheme is £4,805 18s. A new line, leading from Hoddle-street, has also been commenced, under a fresh con- tract, which will be nearly all underground sewerage. A destructive fire occurred at St. Kilda on New Year's-day, destroying property worth about £8,000. It began in the shop of a Mr. Speicher, a tobacconist, and was stopped by the blue stone walls of Mr. Elworthy's butcher's establishment. The following were the places burned and their occupiers :—The shop of Mr. D. Speicher, tobacconist, totally destroyed ; that of Mr. Elworthy, butcher, considerably damaged; the shops of Mr. Solomon, fruiterer ; Mr. Adcock, baker ; Mrs. Schreiber, dressmaker ; Mrs. Garner, mantle- maker ; Mr. Collonder, ironmonger ; Mr. Harley, boot and shoe maker ; Mr. Frondi- neir, fancy repository ; Mr. Van Bercklear, photographer ; an unoccupied shop, and Mr. Gardiner's corn and produce store, were all burned to the ground. These were all in High-street ; there was also destroyed in Wel- lington-street the dwelling-house of Mr. Van Bercklear ; and the adjoining house of Mr. Boseley sustained some slight injury. A serial tale, entitled " Days of Crime and Years of Suffering," is being published in The Australasian. In form it belongs to the class of fiction, but in substance it deals with the stern realities of a misspent life. Although an emanation from the pen of a notorious criminal, it is altogether free from the faults which are considered inseparable from tales of criminal experiences. No tender has been accepted by the Govern- ment of New Zealand for the mail service be- tween Otago and Melbourne, and arrange- ments have been made with the Panama Company to perform the service for two months, pending the receipt of fresh tenders which are to be called for. We are now receiving a considerable addi- tion to the Germanic population of the Upper Murray in the shape of twelve families of Germans from South Australia, each travel- ling with stock and plant in their respective wagon of the old build of ages gone by. We learn that they have been in South Australia for some years, but believing they can do better in the Albury district, they have sold out, and are determined to try their fortunes in fresh fields. We further understand that they are the precursors of nearly a hundred more families intending to follow. Our "monsters of the deep" are not few nor small, as the following fact will testify :— A ground shark, fourteen and a half feet in length, was caught in a net off Point Henry recently. A very large one was seen on the same day off Limeburners' Point. A few days ago a shark, estimated to be twenty feet long, attacked the customs boat off Queens- cliff, and bit a portion out of the steer-oar. A young man named Henry Henderson, who has been for some time past officiating as a Church of England clergyman at Narandara, Yanka, and other places, has been committed for trial on a charge of forg- ing and uttering a cheque for £10. He was ordained by the Bishop of Goulburn, and under the name of the Rev. John T. Annet has for several months past regularly held Divine service in a few of the bush townships of New South Wales. A class of offence, once common in Eng- land, but now rare, has been committed here lately, Mr. Lynch, a Government clerk, being the sufferer. He was charged by the girl herself with committing a capital offence on one Eliza M'Kay Gunnell, seventeen years old, and lately arrived in the colony. The affair was stated to have occurred at night, in an unfrequented place between Melbourne and Emerald-hill. On a rigid cross-examination before the magistrates, the girl broke down in her evidence, and it was shown that she was a light character, and that Mr. Lynch had been induced by her solicitations to follow her. Of course the case was dismissed. The co-operative system in shopkeeping for the benefit of the artisan and labourer class is gaining ground in various parts of the city and suburbs. The water supply affairs of Ballarat have long been in a disorganised condition, through the dissensions of the Water Commission, a body comprising representatives of the two municipal councils. However, the councils have had a meeting, with a view to the ar- rangement of matters, and it has been agreed to concede full power to a committee of ten, and to employ one water engineer instead of dividing the duty between the two borough engineers. The associated ironworkers of the metro- polis have been striking a blow for protec- tion. A deputation from their body, accom- panied by a few protectionist M.L.A.'s, had the other day an interview with Mr. Francis, at the Custom-house, in reference to the necessity for the imposition of an import duty upon iron castings, engines, boilers, and other articles of ironware. A long discussion took place. The facts on which the advocates of the proposed protective policy relied were, that there was a considerable number of men in the various branches of the trade unem- ployed, and that, in the present state of things, the production of articles of ironware was not a profitable investment for capitalists. At the close of the interview, Mr. Francis undertook to bring the matter before his colleagues, and in the meantime requested that the department might be furnished by the deputation with a list of the articles which they wished to be taxed. Corned beef, said to be of good quality, has been sold in Castlemaine market at one penny per pound. The unfortunate inmates of the Yarra Bend Asylum for the insane have not been without their Christmas enjoyments. Be- sides some Christmas festivities within the in- stitution and entertainments contributed by several gentlemen accustomed to employ their talents for charitable purposes, the Rev. W. M. Finn, the Roman Catholic clergyman of Heidelberg, repeated his now annual invita- tion of the industrious class of patients to a pic-nic. One hundred and thirteen patients, with twenty-five attendants, proceeded in cars and vans to the Heidelberg racecourse, and after indulging in various sports, sat down to a plentiful and excellent dinner. The affair seemed to have a cheering and beneficial effect, and not the slightest accident occurred. This is the third annual treat given by the rev. gentleman. The English sparrow seems to find an ex- cellent habitat in Victoria. Wherever a colony has been established, increase and multiplication has followed, and our country journals frequently contain stories of the prolific extension of the breed in various parts. A remarkable cure of rheumatism is re- ported from Tarrengower. A resident who for two years could scarcely move about, even with the aid of crutches, can now walk briskly with no better help than a walking- stick, the remedial agent being flour of sulphur. The mode of application is very simple, consisting merely in dredging the socks with the sulphur, so that the soles of the naked feet are in continuous contact with it. In about three months this applica- tion had the desired effect in the case in question. In the same district last week's intense heat caused much eye disease. It is stated that every third or fourth person is suffering from blight. During the past few days there has been a great emigration of Chinese from Castlemaine and Talbot. It is stated that scarcely a train now leaves the railway station at the former place without conveying a large party of them. While many are returning to their native land, there are many bound for New Zealand, which possesses considerable attrac- tion for those people.. It is said the Geelong Theatre is to be con- verted into a brewery. A similar fate over- took a large and line theatre in Ballarat not long since. On the 11th inst. another of the pioneers of the colony was consigned to his last rest- ing-place. Mr. Thomas Stevenson, of Studley- park, arrived in this colony in the beginning of 1840, and for nearly a quarter of a century followed a course of unobtrusive industry. For some years past age and infirmity have prevented him from taking an active share in business and public matters, but he has been always known to a large circle for his gentle- ness, kindness, and hospitality. On the 4th inst. his wife died very suddenly. From the shock which he then received Mr. Stevenson never rallied, and on the 8th his exhausted frame gave way under the pressure of afflic- tion and years. Mr. George Patterson, J.P., who has for three years been mayor of Daylesford, is now, with two persons named Carrighan and Hartley, undergoing his trial there for arson. The gravamen of the charge is, that Mr. Patterson caused certain of his premises to be burned down in order that he might claim the insurances he had effected thereon. The trial has occupied eleven days, and is still proceeding. The result is very doubtful. No one visiting the Sunbury Industrial Schools now, and acquainted with what their condition once was, can fail to be impressed with the great improvement that has taken place. Formerly the children looked dull, melancholy, and wretched—now the large majority are the very picture of health, and are evidently happy and contented, whilst their appearance shows that they are well fed and well cared for. There are at present some 640 children in the school, and prior to the measles breaking out there were only about half a dozen on the sick-list. There were at one time 360 ill with the prevailing epidemic, and there are now forty in the hospital, but all are rapidly regaining health. The new dietary scale, and the discretion allowed the superinten- dent in changing the food, have been pro- ductive of very beneficial effects. A large additional quantity of land is now being pre- pared for next season's crops, and in the gar- den there are five and twenty thousand vines, which will be planted out as soon as the proper time arrives. From the garden at- tached to the institution one and a half tons of vegetables were procured last month, and two tons the month before last. Many of the boys are making considerable progress in the trades which they are learning. All the tailoring, we believe, is done in the establish- ment ; and some thirty-five pairs of boots are turned out every week, supplying not only all the boys at Sunbury, but most of those at Prince's-bridge. The average price of these boots is 3s. 1d. per pair, and they are found to last more than twice as long as those for- merly supplied by the contractor, which averaged about 7s. per pair. There is also a bakery, where all the bread for the institu- tion is made ; and a carpenter's shop and a blacksmith's shop are to be commenced almost immediately. The foundation-stone of the Ballarat East Public Library has been laid by his Honour Sir Redmond Barry. The ceremonial was impressive; and the learned judge, who laid the stone, was subsequently entertained at a public banquet. It is stated that Mr. Selwyn visited Mount William last week, and made the discovery that it is not so high by a thousand feet as had been supposed. This mountain—the greatest of the Grampian Range—has hitherto been reputed to be from 4,500 to 5,000 feet high. From New South Wales we have the fol- lowing news :— Last month's Customs receipts amounted to £60,466, making a total for the past year of £766,000. The Chamber of Commerce, in their annual report, attribute the late failures and the existing depression to the stringency of the banks and the high interest paid for deposits. They strongly condemn the conduct of the Colonial Treasurer, as tending to aggravate the crisis. Major Brooks, Royal Engineers, has ar- rived from Auckland, on a tour of inspection of the colonial fortifications. The Orleans Family have sent very hand- some presents to Lady Young, Lord John Taylour, and Father M'Encroe, for their at- tentions to the late Prince de Condé when ill. New South Wales is following afar off the example set her by Victoria in the matter of providing an adequate water supply for her colonists. She, however, does not intend appropriating any portion of the public revenue to the purpose, but simply to protect private enterprise. The following circular has been addressed to several gentlemen interested in squatting pursuits :— "Crown Lands Office, Sydney. Sir,— I have the honour to inform you that it is the intention of the Government shortly to submit to Parliament a measure for legalising the erection of dams, and generally for the pre- servation and distribution of surplus water in certain districts. It is thought desirable that advantage should be taken of the infor- mation which gentlemen may be willing to afford who have had their attention practi- cally directed to such operations, and may be willing to give the results of their experience and reflection for the public benefit ; and I am instructed to state that any suggestions which you may desire to offer bearing upon the question in any of its various aspects will receive the careful consideration of the Go- vernment.—I have the honour to be, sir, your obedient servant, A. O. Moriarty." A daring attempt at escape from the Dar- linghurst gaol has been thwarted by the vigi- lance of the officials. The instruments were some discharged prisoners, who attempted to lodge gunpowder, hidden in the body of a carpenter's mallet, under a portion of the outer wall, and in the explosion it was ex- pected that an escape would be made through the breach. The mallet, &c.;, were duly de- posited, but the men connected with the operation were watched and arrested. From South Australian sources we have learned the following :— A bill has been carried through the Assem- bly for throwing open the Murray scrub lands to the agriculturist at a nominal annual rental for a term of twenty-one years, with the right of purchase at £1 per acre, the lessee being bound to clear one-twentieth of his land every year. The Government offers the Adelaide banks the public deposits at six per cent., to be lodged at call, and to be distributed in pro- portion to the paid-up capital of the bank. Heavy bush fires have raged in the Mount Gambier district, causing great destruction of property. In some quarters the grain was shrivelled by the intense heat from the fires. Farm labour in that district is very scarce. In the Council, the bill to authorise the Government to borrow £150,000 for the con- struction of a new reservoir has been thrown out by the casting vote of the President. The decayed and crumpled fragments of a copper tablet have been found in the sand- hills about 300 yards inland from the sea, in the Port Lincoln district, in South Australia. The portions have been made out to contain the following inscriptions :— . . . . E . . . . inders Comrs, . . . . 2, 1802, . . . . Master, . . . . dn. and . . . . unfortunately . . . . from being upset . . . . he boat was found . . . . not recovered . . . . CA—E It seems certain that this formed part of the memorial plate engraved in commemoration of the loss of a boat's crew belonging to Captain Flinders's expedition of 1802, off Thorny Passage. The Government have decided upon having a preliminary examination before deciding upon the site of the first settlement in the Northern Territory. They will then call for fresh tenders for the survey. The weather has been intensely hot to-day. The thermometer indicated 115deg. in the shade at Kapunda on the 12th January. The police force is rapidly becoming dis- organised, owing to the general feeling of dissatisfaction existing amongst the men. It is stated that Chief- inspector Hamilton is about to resign, and that his resignation will be followed by those of a large number of the mounted police. The following has reached us from Tas- mania :— Mr. Chapman, a member of Sir Richard Dry's Cabinet, who was lately defeated in the contest for the representation of the city of Hobart Town, has been elected, unopposed, to represent Launceston. Tasmania has returned to free-trade in cattle, the regulations hitherto in force under the Pleuro-pneumonia Act having been re- scinded. It is stated that a lode of copper has been discovered in the vicinity of Penguin Creek, in the north of Tasmania. The Treasurer of Tasmania made his financial statement on the 16th inst. He showed that for some years past there had been an annual deficiency, after allowing for transfers from the land fund, of between £25,000 and £30,000. His predecessor had calculated that the deficiency on the year 1867 would not be far short of £30,000 ; but by reductions, extending over all the branches of the public service, he proposed to extin- guish this sum, and to leave a probable balance of £933. He proposed, amongst other things, to reduce the Governor's salary from £4,000 to £3,000, and his allowances from £2,500 to £1,000; the salaries of Ministers from £900 to £700 ; and the expenses of Par- liament more than one-half. From Queensland we have the subjoined items of news :— If only about one-tenth part of the mineral discoveries which from time to time are re- ported as having taken place in Queens- land prove of anything like the value repre- sented, then the youngest will certainly be the richest of the Australian colonies. This is how the Port Denison Times announces the latest news of the above description : —"Bowen was not recovered from the excitement caused by Mr. Bouerle's gold meeting, before attention was called to some splendid mineralogical specimens brought in by one Macpherson, who brings specimens of copper, silver ore, and coal. The copper seems to be very rich, and there are pieces of native copper scattered through the quartz, which Macpherson as- sures us has been found nowhere but at the Burra Burra, in South Australia, and Lake Superior, in North America. The silver ore is very rich. The coal is of excellent quality, and burns without leaving any clinker. The copper lode and coal seams run north and south, at about 500 yards apart ; and at the distance of three-quarters of a mile from them is the silver lode, running at right angles to the others ; and all within an easy day's ride of Bowen, with good roads." The Queensland Guardian of the 7th inst. reports that the demand for labour in that colony has now so nearly equalled the supply that " the Government have come to the re- solution of discontinuing the various relief camps that have for some months past been at work in the neighbourhood of Brisbane and Ipswich." Writing on the subject of the finances of Queensland, the Brisbane Courier of the 5th inst. remarks: — " The annual return of re- venue proper shows a large apparent reduction from the amount collected in the previous year ; but the absurd manner in which the accounts are kept makes the falling off ap- pear much larger than it really is. If we deduct the sums set down as received in land-orders, but for which the Government never received any money, it will be seen that the cash receipts at the Treasury during the years 1865 and 1866 were as nearly as pos- sible the same. It must, however, be remem- bered that the latter includes the proceeds of the stamp tax, and the additional customs duties, as well as the receipts from portions of the railway which were not open for traffic during the previous years. The total receipts in cash from all sources of revenue proper for the year 1866 amount to £490,269. We can- not expect this sum to be much exceeded during the year now commencing ; and as £200,000 will be required out of it for the pay- ment of the year's interest on debentures and Treasury-bills, the balance left will be woe- fully insufficient to meet current expenditure, however great the economy which may be exercised. In the face of such a statement it will scarcely be considered worth while to bring forward another loan bill for some time to come, as it would be difficult to find pur- chasers for the debentures. The only re- source is in curtailing expenditure, and push- ing on settlement by throwing land plentifully into the market for occupation, whether by purchase or lease." The sum of £1,400 has been collected at Bowen, to be distributed as a reward for the discovery of gold. A parcel of two ounces of gold was shown, which had been obtained at Mount Wyatt, two miles from the copper mine ; and eight dwt. which were taken from Stauner's Ranges; on the north side of the Hutton road, and twenty miles to the west- south-west, beyond Mount Wyatt. It is stated that, in consequence of the unhealthiness of Burketown, and the deter- mination of the Government of Queensland not to allow the transference of the site of the township to Sweer's Island, Mr. Lands- borough has resigned his appointments under the Government. There has been an emeute at the Crocodile Diggings. The Europeans rose against the Chinese, destroyed their camp, and drove them off. The police restored order. The affairs of the Queensland Steam Navi- gation Company are not prosperous. A meeting of the shareholders has been called, to determine whether the company shall be wound up, or the liabilities met by a special call. Messrs. Cobb and Co. are extending their lines of coaches far over Queensland. On the first day of the present year their vehicles commenced to run through from Helidon to Roma, a distance of 270 miles. PARLIAMENT. Both Houses met for the despatch of busi- ness on the 17th inst. The following speech was delivered by His Excellencey :— " Mr. President and Honourable Gentlemen, of the Legislative Council,— "Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legisla- tive Assembly,— "I have called you together to deal with the legislative requirements of the year, and to consider measures of importance to the country, which are ready to be submitted to you. " On this the occasion of my first meeting Parliament, it is highly satisfactory to me to be able to congratulate you on the abundance of our harvest, and the general prosperity of the country. " You will be glad to learn that the mission to Her Majesty's Imperial Government, with which the Treasurer was charged; has been successful. A report of Mr. Verdon's pro- ceedings will be immediately submitted to you. " The sale of the Victorian debentures in London has facilitated the progress of the waterworks already undertaken ; and our financial credit, and the high position of our securities, together with the continued pros- perity of our railways, will at no distant period justify an extended railway system, and the further extension of water supply. With that view, the necessary preliminary surveys will be continued. "I am happy to inform you that representa- tives of the Government of New South Wales and of my Government, in conference assembled, have agreed to an arrangement on the Border Duties, effectually removing those serious hindrances to internal communica- tion which have so long been a just cause of complaint. The result of these negotiations will be laid before you. "The success which has attended the Intercolonial Exhibition has exceeded ex- pectation, and we are entitled to believe that the increased knowledge which we have acquired of our productive powers will be scarcely less valuable than the proof of our great industrial capabilities which our contri- butions to the Paris Exhibition will make manifest to the world. " The generous help given us by the other Australasian colonies and New Caledonia and Java in this great industrial undertaking, will be productive of that increase of know- ledge and intercourse so essential to mutual progress. " During the recess, I appointed a Royal Commission to consider and report on the working of the Common Schools Act. The commissioners have assiduously prosecuted their labours, and have collected much valu- able evidence. Their report will be laid be- fore you, and you will be invited to consider an amendment of the law with reference to public instruction. "An inquiry has also been instituted, by means of a Royal Commission, into the work- ing of the Wine and Spirits Act, and the result of their labours will be submitted to you. "Measures so immediately connected with the social and material condition of the people will no doubt receive from you the fullest consideration. "Gentlemen of the Legislative Assembly,— " The Estimates have been prepared with as much economy as the efficiency of the public service will admit. " Mr. President and Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, " Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legisla- tive Assembly,— "I am happy to inform you, that under the Amending Land Act a large amount of settlement has taken place throughout the country during the past year. A report on the working of the act will be immediately laid before you, and a measure will be pro- posed for the purpose of making the land more accessible to the bona-fide applicant. "Your attention will be directed to the subject of mining on private property and public reserves, with a view to legislation thereon. " My attention has been directed to various questions connected with the ad- ministration of justice ; and a bill will be submitted for amending the law of insol- vency. Bills will also be introduced for the amendment of the law relating to public health, the treatment of lunatics, and the management of their estates, the collection of court fees, and duties on legacies and succession ; also for amending the laws re- lating to banking, to the police force, and to mining companies. " Experience has suggested some amend- ments in the Municipal and Local Govern- ment Acts, and bills will be submitted to you on these subjects ; also a bill to improve the law in reference to fencing and impound- ing. "I trust that, with the blessing of Divine Providence, your deliberations will conduce to the prosperity and the happiness of the people." Replies to the address were adopted in both Houses, after a futile attempt in the Legislative Assembly to force the Govern- ment to introduce a bill providing for the pay- ment of members. MR. VERDON'S MISSION TO ENGLAND. A report, of which the following is a brief abstract, has been laid before Parliament by Mr. Verdon, giving a detailed account of his proceedings in England as the delegate of the colony to the home Government. The sub- jects committed to him were—(1) the defences, (2) the representation of the colony in Eng- land, (3) the establishment at Melbourne of a branch of the Royal Mint, (4) immigration, (5) the sale of debentures under the Public Works Loan Act, (6) further loans for the extension of railways, water supply, and other public works. The result of his negotiations with the Admiralty upon the first of these subjects was that a monitor, specially adapted to the defence of Hobson's Bay, is to be built for the colony by Her Majesty's Government ; it is to have two turrets on Captain Coles's principle, covered with ten-inch plates, and capable of containing four 600-pounder guns, and is to be not only strong enough, but also sufficiently fast to act as a ram. The esti- mated cost is £125,000, of which £15,000 will be met by a sum of that amount due from the home Government to the colony on ac- count of the service in the New Zea- land war of the Victorian armed vessel Victoria, and £10,000 more by the estimated value of the Victoria, which the monitor is to replace, the remainder being provided by the home Government. Moreover, a line-of- battle ship from the steam reserve is also to be given to the colony, making a contribution from the Imperial Government towards the defence of the colony of an estimated value of £150,000. Six 300-poundcr guns, with which it is intended to use Major Palliser's chilled shot, have been ordered ; the eighty pounder guns previously ordered, have been satisfactorily tested ; and a rifle, on Snider's principle, has been procured, to serve as a model for the conversion of the small-arms in the possession of the colony. Attention also will be paid to the subjects of the construc- tion of torpedoes, and the manufacture of gunpowder within the colony. The cost of maintaining, manning, and commanding the vessels is to be wholly borne by Victoria. The necessity of appointing an agent- general for Victoria in England had been affirmed by the report of the Committee on Defences, as adopted by the Assembly ; and the committee also suggested the expediency of selecting a member of Parliament for the office. Hitherto the business of the colony in England has been conducted by the Crown agents for the colonies, and by the agents (Mr. Childers, Major Clarke, and Major Pasley) who have successively been appointed for special matters of business. The report remarks upon the reasons which had opposed the appointment of a member of Parliament to the office, and reiterates an expression of opinion as to the necessity of obtaining a suitable representative of the interests of the colony in England. With respect to the establishment of a branch mint, Mr. Verdon undertook that another bill should be introduced to remedy what had been regarded as an objection to the existing bill ; and, in the meantime, all preparations for a mint will go on as if the bill had passed. All latest improvements are to be adopted in the machinery. The circumstances of the money market made it inadvisable to attempt the sale of de- bentures under the Public Works Loan Act at the time of Mr. Verdon's arrival in England. At length it appeared to the com- mittee of the associated banks and to Mr. Verdon that the debentures should be adver- tised for sale by tender, in the usual way. Tenders were received to the amount of £3,073,600, of which £1,485,900 were at and above the minimum of 102½, the average price for the portion accepted being £102 19s. Out of the £850,000 offered, debentures amounting to £700,000 were purchased on French account, and the report expresses gratification at the fact that our bonds are regarded by foreign capitalists as a first-class security. Inquiries were made as to a farther loan for the extension of railways and water supply, and for the completion of our larger public buildings, and it was believed that if in the course of a couple of years it be neces- sary to borrow three to five millions for these purposes, the money could without doubt be obtained. On the subject of immigration the remarks contained in the report offer useful sugges- tions, but give no definite results. The report concludes by expressing gratifi- cation at the strong marks of sympathy and friendship which Mr. Verdon's visit elicited from members of Her Majesty's Government, and the symptoms of the good-will enter- tained by all classes in England towards Aus- tralia, by whom, also, the right and privilege claimed by the colonists of forming an essen- tial part of the empire appeared to be fully conceded. Mr. Verdon also acknowledges the kindness and consideration shown to himself ; and, further, the very great assist- ance afforded him by Major Pasley and Cap- tain Payne, to whom he had left with confi- dence the duty of completing in detail the work which had been entrusted to him. ACCLIMATISATION. Four fine ostriches arrived from Mauritius on the 7th inst., by the barque Countess of Seafield. Every attention was paid to them by Captain Rae during the voyage across, so that they have suffered but little from their long confinement. After being landed they were conveyed to their quarters in the Royal Park, where they have been visited by a large number of persons. The efforts which are made to acclimatise some of the English birds continue to be successful, and in the up-country districts the voices of these feathered songsters are now frequently heard. The brown trout in the river Plenty (Tas- mania) are thriving well, and the return of the salmon from the sea is now looked for. Fish have been seen leaping in the Der- went, but it has not yet been ascertained whether they are the advanced guard of the strangers. THE GOLD-FIELDS. The Christmas holidays, which interfered with mining operations to some extent, having passed away, work on the principal gold-fields has been resumed with renewed vigour. The want of water has again begun to be felt in some localities ; but, taken as a whole, the miners are better supplied with this useful element than at the same season last year. Some new ground has been opened up within the past month, but not as yet with any remarkable results. A new gold-field is reported to have been discovered about thirty miles from Wood's Point, on one of the tributaries of the Yarra. Prospects are said to have been ob- tained giving an average of one pennyweight to the dish ; but the particulars furnished with reference to the new field are very meagre. New alluvial diggings have also been opened in Gipps Land, near Russell's Creek, and gold has been found in payable quantities in shallow sinking eight miles to the north-west of Bairnsdale. The yield of gold from the Gipps Land diggings continues considerable, notwith- standing the depression in mining stock there, principally arising from over-specula- tion. The steamers Murray and Charles Ed- ward, which arrived this week from the Lakes, brought up 5,448oz., representing a value of over £20,000 sterling—comparing favourably with the produce of the much- vaunted West Coast of New Zealand dig- gings, which have recently attracted so many of our population. The Gipps Land gold is principally the produce of the Stringer's Creek and Crooked River diggings, while the Omeo and the newly- discovered reefs and alluvial fields about Bairnsdale have contributed not a little to swell the total. The amount brought up may be taken as the produce of about ten to fourteen days, as it is only since the first of the year that the withdrawal of the Government escort has necessitated the shipping of gold seawards to Melbourne. Doubtless had this been the case earlier, and the yield of this splendid district thus been kept before the public, many of our roving diggers would have preferred to have a share of the mine of wealth some of their com- patriots are evidently working there, instead of trying their luck on the inhospitable shores of the West Coast of New Zealand. Dunolly has again produced some remark- ably good yields. Messrs. Parkes and party bottomed a shaft at Gooseberry-flat, and obtained from a part of the washdirt sixty- eight ounces of gold, including a sixteen- ounce nugget. Vaughan and party have also obtained from a small quantity of rubble, from a newly-discovered reef in Shingle Gully, sixty-two and a quarter ounces of gold. The average yield of gold at Pleasant Creek has materially increased during the past quarter, and the reefs of this district have been producing as large a proportion of gold for the population as those of any mining district in the colony. A recent crushing of sixty tons of quartz from the Excelsior claim, Beechworth, yielded 100oz. of gold ; and the same claim has produced during the last seventeen months 1,800oz. of gold from 173 tons of quartz. One or two small nuggets have recently been obtained by aboriginals in old workings in the neigh- bourhood of the Amherst Reservoir, where the ground seems to have been hurriedly gone over, but mining affairs do not seem to be in a very flourishing condition in this locality. The scarcity of water in this district has been so much felt in some places that the miners have accepted the offers of farmers in want of harvest hands, and abandoned the pick and shovel for the sickle. The reports from Bendigo, Clunes, Talbot, and Smythesdale are satisfactory, and in nearly all the important mining districts the average yield of gold has been well main- tained. The Woolshed Lead, in the Ovens district, appears to have rivalled in rich- ness many of the famed deep leads of Ballarat, as instance the following yields :— From Kneebone's claim, worked at a depth of 120ft., gold and tin ores to the value of £31,000, within a year and nine months ; from M'Evoy's claim gold and tin ore to the value of £35,000, during the last four years. On Ballarat, the great centre of mining industry, mining matters are in a somewhat unsatisfactory condition, owing to the per- plexity that exists as to how the Government will dispose of the public reserves on which gold has been found, the right to extract the precious metal being claimed by contending companies. The Public-park contains about 300 acres of ground, besides about 400 acres lying beyond it, and the Hand-in-Hand Com- pany claim the whole. If the present indica- tions may be taken as a guide to the value of the gold lying under the park, this ground will prove superior to any yet discovered in the district ; and as there may be several millions sterling of gold in this large area, it is not surprising that there should be a desperate struggle to participate in its riches. The same difficulty exists with regard to the Cricket-reserve, to which similar claims have been .advanced ; and it will be found no easy matter to deal fairly with the complicated disputes which have arisen. The following returns, extracted from the quarterly reports of some of the quartz-crushing companies, may be taken as instancing the general prosperity of the gold- field :—The United Red Jacket Company obtained during the last quarter gold to the value of £11,457 16s., and paid divi- dends to the amount of £4,400. The receipts of the Sir William Don Company amounted to £42,243 2s. 5d., of which £25,000 was paid in dividends. The Prince of Wales Company raised during the last three months 5,296oz. 13dwt. 6gr., and paid £7,177 4s. in dividends ; and the receipts of the St. George Company for the same period were £10,903. Nearly a quarter of a million sterling in gold has already been taken out of the Prince of Wales claim, and of this sum £119,291 has been paid in dividends. The quantity of gold obtained by the Band of Hope Company during the past half-year was 15,780oz., and the amount paid in dividends £33,600. The total revenue for the same period was £71,517, and the expenditure £44,152. The last quarterly report of the Newington Company showed gold obtained 5,463oz., from the proceeds of which £11,000 had been paid in dividends, the latter payments being at the rate of 900 per cent. per annum on the paid-up capital. The Llanberris Company (quartz) has had some fine yields during the last two weeks. That for the week ending January the 12th was 121oz. 10dwt., and that for last week was 111oz.16dwt. 12gr., being 263oz. 6dwt. 12gr. for the fortnight. AGRICULTURE. As this is a season of such unusual abun- dance, prices of agricultural produce of all sorts rule low, and are likely to do so throughout the year. A quantity of imported flour is being reshipped to other markets, and this will have the effect of preventing forced sales here, which would have a very injurious tendency just now. Some wheat has been already shipped from Melbourne, and the Adelaide merchants are in earnest about trying the English market, as there are no fewer than eight vessels now being loaded there with wheat. The farmers are rather inclined to hold back their pro- duce, but it would be folly for them to do so, as the only chance of a rise towards the end of the year is offered by the shipment of a large quantity of the surplus wheat now. They are, however, getting good advice from all quarters, and the experience of last year should have taught them a salutary lesson. Had they not held out for high prices after last harvest, the markets of Sydney and Melbourne would not be glutted with imported wheat and flour, as they are now, and prices would not be so low. The merchants and farmers of California understand these things better than we do, having so often a large surplus there, and when the crops are heavier than usual the practice invariably is to send a quantity away early in the season, whatever the price may be, to give steadiness to the market for the remainder of the year. They have often proved this to be the most beneficial mode of proceeding for all con- cerned, so that every farmer either in South Australia or here should at once sell a portion of his wheat at the current price to allow of exportation being continued for some months, and to put a stop entirely, for this year at least, to importation. The farmers up the country are complaining bitterly of the low prices the millers are offering, but the truth is, that they have themselves to blame for this, a large portion of last year's crop having been held back until the wants of the millers were fully supplied for the year. In several districts the mills were full of flour when the present harvest commenced, and many farmers were known to have old wheat on hand, which they refused to sell early in the season, when the price was good, so that it is no wonder that the millers either offer very low prices now, or refuse to buy at all. Since the few very hot days at the begin- ning of the year, the weather has been very favourable to harvesting operations, and much of the wheat is already cut, as well as all the oats, except in the very latest districts. No scarcity of hands is now experienced, plenty of men being glad to take work where they can get it at a reasonable rate of pay- ment. Some little injury was done to the standing corn by the hot winds, but not very much. A little of the late wheat was blighted by the great heat, but the more forward grain did not suffer at all. The threshing machines are now at full work, and from most districts the reports of the yields are very favourable. About Bacchus Marsh the crops are said to be turning out well, both as to quantity and quality, the grain being mostly very superior. Rust has attacked some of the late crops, but it did not appear early enough, or with sufficient force, to do any harm to the grain. The farmers around Talbot are having their crops threshed out to, and sixty bushels of oats to the acre is said to be not an uncommon yield there. On Smeaton Plains, and about Ascot and Coghill's Creek, the crops are all down, and a good yield is ex- pected. The wheat being late in the neigh- bourhood of Creswick, some of the crops there are proving to be light, as the grain was dried and shriveled up by the scorching winds before it was full. The sheaves look well, but handle light, and it is said that the yield will, in some instances, fall short of what was expected by ten bushels to the acre. Rust made its appearance in this part of the district also, but not in time to do more than injure the appearance of the straw. Most mischief appears to have been done near Geelong, especially in the Bellarine dis- trict. There several fields of wheat have been rendered worthless, and a report read before the members of the association does not throw much additional light on the cause. On the first appearance of the disease, in No- vember last, the members of the association determined to watch the progress of it, and this report is the result of the chairman's ob- servation. In it he says that the first symp- toms of rust appeared after the cold and showery weather at the end of October and beginning of November. It gradually ex- tended up the stalks, of which it had taken possession, but most rapidly after every change of wind to the south, particularly if this was accompanied by showers. The red wheats have stood the best, and the so-called prolific varieties have suffered the most. But the damage done by rust and blight, as well as by grubs and caterpillars is trifling this year, taking the colony as a whole, and the average yield of all crops will be good. The grasshoppers are now doing much mischief in the gardens and vineyards, destroying the fruit and vegetables, and eating the leaves off the vines, thereby allowing the young grapes to be scorched by the direct action of the sun. These voracious little insects are always very numerous in a dry season, and this is so notwithstanding the general luxuriance of the vegetation. True, there were frequent showers and occasional heavy rains in the spring, but there was little or no rain during the winter, so that the mois- ture was only at the surface of the ground, which, with the vegetation upon it, dried up very quickly after the hot weather set in. Thus there have been some serious bush fires, a quantity of grass and a few fields of stand- ing grain having been destroyed by them ; but as yet most of the settlers and farmers have escaped well, considering the abundance of dry herbage all over the country. This is not the season for shows of either stock or produce, but there was an intercolonial exhibition of wool (preparatory to the show of Merino wool, to be held in London in August next), at one of the brokers' stores, a few days since, when some very beautiful specimens of fine wool were adjudicated upon. Each exhibit con- sisted of one bale, and these were sold after the show, realising the prices given below. Shows of merino wool are held every two years, and that the emulation called forth by these periodical exhibitions has done good is evident when we compare the prices obtained for the exhibits sold in January, 1865, with those recently sold, the highest prices of the latter exceeding those obtained for the former by 7½d. per lb. in Class 1, 2¼d. per lb. in Class 2, and 9½d. per lb. in Class 3 ; whilst the lowest prices obtained recently were 1d. per lb. above the lowest of 1865 in Class 1 and 16½d. in Class 3, the great difference in the latter arising from the fact of such a very superior class of wool being shown, and the great care bestowed in getting it up. Exhibition of 1865. Highest Prices Realised. Class d. 1\. R. Q. Kermode ... 30 2\. T. & S. Learmonth 15¾ 3\. R. Q. Kermode .. 35 Lowest rices. 1\. .. .. ..22¾ 2\. .. .. ..12¼ 3\. .. .. ..22¼ Exhibition of 1867. Highest Prices Realised. Class d. 1\. T. & S. Learmonth 37½ 2\. G. Thomson .. 18 3\. J. L. Currie .. 44½ Lowest Prices. 1\. .. .. ..23¾ 2\. .. .. ..12 3\. .. .. ..39 Besides the exhibits, two bales were sold of New South Wales wool, shown by Messrs. Peppin and Sons, but which was not ex- hibited for competition, because a correct statement of the previous shearing could not be obtained. These wools were very gene- rally admired, and sold for 14d. and 14 3/8d. respectively, being decidedly the best samples of greasy wool shown from New South Wales. We append a list of the prices obtained :— Class I.—Jno. L. Currie, 1 bale (third prize), 29d. ; Philip Russell, 1 bale (second prize), 31d. ; J. L. Currie, 1 bale, 33d. ; Colin Campbell, 1 bale, 24½d. ; Jno. Bell, 1 bale, 23¾d. ; J. Blair, 1 bale, withdrawn ; Thos. Russell, 1 bale, 25¼d. ; T. & S. Learmonth, 1 bale (first prize), 37½d. ; Carter and Sons, 1 bale, 27d. ; Geo. Thomson, 1 bale, 25d. Class II.—Thos. Russell & Co., 1 bale, 14¾d. ; Chas. Gray, 1 bale, 14d. ; Jno. L. Currie, 1 bale, I3½d. ; Phillip Russell, 1 bale, 14¾d. ; A. S. Robertson, 1 bale, withdrawn; Joseph Carter, 1 bale (third prize), 13¼d. ; Geo. Thomson, 1 bale, 18d. ; Greene and Burt, 1 bale, withdrawn ; D. Affleck, 1 bale, 15d. ; N. P. Bayly, 1 bale, 12d. ; John Bell, 1 bale (first prize), 13d. ; T. & S. Learmonth, 1 bale (second prize), 17d. ; John Mackersey, 1 bale, 14d. ; Jno. L. Currie, 1 bale, 16¾d. Class III.—T. & S. Learmouth, 1 bale, 43½d. ; J. Blair, 1 bale, with- drawn ; Thos. Shaw, 1 bale, 39d. ; Jno. L Currie, 1 bale, 44½d. Shown by Messrs. Peppin and Sons, not competing for a prize.—Peppin, 1 bale, 14d. ; 1 bale, 14 3/8 d. THE EXHIBITION. During the Christmas and New Year's holidays the Exhibition was frequented by large number of visitors; and though for the last few weeks the attendance has not been so numerous, it still continues so great as to justify the commissioners in keeping the Exhibition open for another month. Three months was the term originally fixed during which the Exhibition was to remain open, but the period will now be lengthened to about four months. It will probably close towards the end of February. The whole number of visitors up to the night of the 24th inst. was 211,458. Some discussion has taken place with reference to the purpose to which the great hall of the Exhibition is to be ap- plied. It has been suggested that a number of the exhibits should be left, to form the nucleus of an industrial museum, but as yet the proposal has taken no definite shape. COLONIAL ALE TRADE. A great improvement has taken place in the manufacture of colonial ales within the last few years. At the present time those manu- factured in Victoria will compare favourably with any sent out from home. Our own brews are lighter, and are therefore better adapted for a warm climate ; and no more convincing proof can be adduced in support of their soundness and quality than the fact that their consumption has gone on steadily increasing for the last six years, while on the other hand, the importation of malt liquors during that period has fallen off almost in the same proportion. On looking over the official returns for the four years ending with 1864, we find that the total value of beer (which includes ale and porter) imported into the colony was as follows :— 1861 ... ... ... ... £501,298 1862 ... ... ... ... 398,121 1863 ... ... ... ... 472,227 1864 ... ... ... ... 334,200 The Government statistics for 1865 are not yet published, but we learn from an au- thentic source that the value of the beer imported into the port of Melbourne (which embraces almost the entire colony) during that year was £315,595 ; and on examining the Customs Bill of Entry for 1866, we have ascertained that the value of the imports of beer at the port of Melbourne is £282,159. When we have got into the way of growing our own hops and barley, and preparing our own malt, it is more than likely that the foreign article will be driven from the market, for there is no reason why we should not manufacture ale and porter as good in Victo- ria as are produced in any part of the world. Among the establishments devoted to this pursuit which have risen into prominence of late is the Williamstown Brewery, a brief description of which may not be uninterest- ing. It was erected several years ago by the Government for a stockade, and is in every way adapted for the purpose to which it is now applied. Being substantially built of bluestone, and lofty, it commands an even temperature all the year round—a desideratum of no small importance in the economy of brewing. Regarding the internal arrangements and the process of manufac- ture, we may state, in the first place, that the Yan Yean water is laid on to the premises at a distance of 150 feet from the main, and carried into a large boiler at the top of the house. This boiler is also connected, by means of steam-pipes, with a four-horse power engine at the rear of the building, by which the water is heated to a boiling point. It is then emitted through a tap into the mash- tun, when the malt is added, and after re- maining in that state for a certain period the liquor is turned into a large wooden boiler, which is heated by a copper worm filled with steam, the worm being placed in the centre of the mash-tun, and is, of course, also connected with the engine. In this boiler the hops are added, and after boiling the necessary time the liquid is run into wooden troughs, where it is cooled down to its proper temperature. After that it is taken into fermenting tuns, and from thence through pipes into cleansing casks in the cellar below, where the yeast is worked off, and the ale or porter, as it now becomes, re- mains for a few days to be fined down, and is afterwards sent out or placed in stock for bottling. The appliances for brewing in this establishment are complete in every respect, there being a regular fall from one cistern to another from the top of the house to the bottom, thereby saving the labour and expense of pump- ing. In commencing his operations, two years ago, the proprietor had many difficulties to contend with, not the least of which was the popular prejudice against colonial beer, and, as a consequence, Mr. Breheny turned his attention to brewing ale and porter for bottling. The encouragement afforded him was trifling at first ; but when it became known that he made it his study to produce a good article, the business of the establish- ment rapidly increased, and, as we are in- formed, the supply from the Williamstown brewery now averages 500 dozen per week, which is sent to all parts of the colony. It may be stated that the ale and porter made in Victoria are brewed chiefly from malt and hops imported from England, although these articles are occasionally obtained in Australia. Some very good hops have been produced in Tasmania, equal, if not superior, to the English in freshness, soundness, and flavour ; but, as in the case of barley, the brewers cannot rely upon the Australian farmer for the necessary supply. There is reason to hope, however, that the abundant crops of this year will in some degree remove this complaint, and that we shall be in a position to provide ourselves with a greater portion, if not all, of the malt that will be required for brewing purposes. At the present time, the imported article cannot be obtained in Melbourne for less than 11s. per bushel, and last season it was as high as 20s. The great objection to using colonial malt, as we have already observed, is through not being able to obtain a regular supply, the brewers having a decided objection to chang- ing their malt. And, moreover, the farmers of Victoria have hitherto exhibited the grossest negligence in the cleansing and sorting of such small quantities as they have produced. The cost of growing barley is no more than that of wheat, and the former will no doubt bring as good a price, seeing that there is a market always at hand. There can be no doubt that attention to the subject of produc- ing malt and hops in Australia would be as remunerative to the farmer as it would be beneficial to the public at large. SPORTING. The great sporting event of the past month was the Intercolonial Champion Race, on Melbourne Course, on New Year's Day. There was a larger attendance of the public than on any occasion at Flemington, except, perhaps, on the 1st October, 1859, when the first of these intercolonial contests took place. His Excellency the Governor and the best part of the fashionable world were present. The weather was truly that of a fine Austra- lian summer's day, bright and glorious, but very warm. The running-ground was in first-rate order, and the pace in all the races was of the fastest. Only five horses ran for the Champion prize, and the winner accom- plished the three miles in 5min. 38sec., making this the quickest three-mile journey on Australian turf. The following is a cor- rect description of the race :— THE TWELFTH INTERCOLONIAL CHAMPION RACE, A sweepstakes of 50 sovs., h. ft., with 1,000 sovs. added. Three yrs old, 7st. 1lb. ; 4 yrs, 9st. ; 5 yrs, 9st. 6lb. ; 6 yrs and aged, 9st, 13lb. Mares and geldings allowed 3lb. Second horse to receive 100 sovs., and the third to save his stake. Three miles. Mr. John Tait's br c The Barb, by Sir Hercules, 3 yrs. (Stanley) .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 Mr. John Tait's br h Volunteer, by New Warrior, aged (Ashworth) .. .. .. .. .. 2 Mr. E. M. Bagot's gr f Cowra, by Fisherman, 4 yrs (Kavenagh). Mr. C. B. Fisher's b or ro f Seagull, by Fisherman, 3 yrs (A. Davis). Mr. C. B. Fisher's b c Fishhook, by Fisherman, 3 yrs (Walsh), bolted. Betting.—Even on The Barb ; 5 to 2 agst Volunteer ; 5 to 2 agst Seagull ; 6 to 1 agst Fishhook ; 12 to 1 agst Cowra. The flag fell to a beautiful start at the first attempt, and the lot got well off in a cluster, The Barb rushing to the front in the first few strides, Seagull waiting on him, Fishhook running next, and Volunteer last. At the first turn Fishhook ran out towards the river, and was thereafter out of the race. The Barb continued to make tremendous running, and old Volunteer fell back fifty lengths in the rear in the first two miles. Seagull kept the second place, going well within herself, until coming to the abattoirs the second time, where firstly Volunteer and next Cowra passed her, the Sir Hercules colt coming home at last by himself, under the protection of the gallant Volunteer, who was satisfied with second honours. Cowra was a bad third, and Seagull fourth. The pace was immense from end to end, and Seagull was much distressed at last. It will be seen that two Sydney horses ran first and second, and a South Australian filly third. They all ran without their plates, and are reported to be now all hors de combat, at least for the present. At the same meeting Mr. G. Watson's clever horse Banker won the Grand National Steeplechase, carrying 11st. 10lb., and beat- ing seven others, to all of whom he was giving considerable weight. Mr. L. L. Smith's Touchstone colt L.L. won the Essendon Stakes for two and three year olds at weight for age ; and his filly by Pitsford, Lady Manners Sutton, 3 yrs, won the New Year's Gift, a welter weight for age over a mile and a half. There was a capital race meeting at Geelong on the 17th and 18th of this month, when Banker achieved another victory in the Steeplechase; and Mr. L. L. Smith's filly, Lancashire Witch, 2 yrs, won the Maiden Plate ; Barwon, winner of one Champion race, won the Geelong Handicap, as he had the Flying Handicap in Melbourne on the Champion race day, but was beaten by Mr. F. Tozer's Iona, 6 yrs., in the three miles Cri- terion Handicap on the following day. Some discussion has recently taken place and various opinions been expressed respecting the advisability of appointing a public handi- capper. In reference to one of the cases which seemed to favour such a proposition, it has been submitted that the handicap for the Gipps Land Cup, a very valuable prize to be run for in that district, was unfair to the Melbourne horses nominated and favoured the local horses. It appeared, however, that the handicap was actually made by four gentlemen in Melbourne. The Gipps Land Times, in reporting and remarking upon the case, states that there was no alteration made by the local stewards in the handicap ex- cept one, which was made in consequence of a private letter received from one of the Melbourne handicappers ; and on this sugges- tion the weight on one of the horses was raised exactly a stone. The Victoria Racing Club have advertised one day's racing, to form their Autumn Meet- ing, on the third Saturday in March. A meeting of the Melbourne regatta com- mittee was held yesterday, at the Freemasons' Hotel, Swanston-street; the largest which has been held in connexion with boating for some years. All the clubs were well represented. It was agreed that the regatta should take place on the 20th of April (Easter Saturday), on the Lower Yarra. CRICKET. During the month, several interesting events have occurred in the cricket- field. On the 26th and 27th December the inter- colonial match with New South Wales took place at Sydney, and simultaneously a match of a very novel character, one of the elevens consisting of aboriginal natives, was played on the Melbourne ground. Contrary to expectation, the intercolonial match proved an easy victory for the neighbouring colony, New South Wales winning in one innings, with thirteen runs to spare. Various reasons are given for this result, but it is generally admitted that, for some reason or other, the Victorian team did not work so well together as usual. The following is the score :— NEW SOUTH WALES. FIRST INNINGS. Gilbert, c Cosstick, b Conway .. .. 16 Belcher, b Conway .. ..9 Thompson, c Phillips, b Cosstick .. .. 16 Hewitt, c Campbell, b Conway .. .. 19 Caffyn, c and b Cosstick .. .. 24 Gordon, b Conway .. .. 19 Laurence, run out .. .. 14 E. Gregory, c Wilkie, b Cosstick .. .. 8 Park, c Wardill, b Conway .. .. 0 D. Gregory, b Conway .. .. .. 0 Stack, not out .. .. 4 Sundries .. .. 16 Total .. ...145 VICTORIA. FIRST INNINGS. Turner, b Thompson .. .. 1 Phillips, b Thompson .. .. 5 Conway, c Laurence, b Gregory .. .. 6 Robertson, run out .. .. 9 Gibson, run out .. .. 22 Greaves, b Gregory .. .. 3 Campbell, st Thompson .. .. 1 Cosstick, c E. Gregory, b D. Gregory .. .. 11 M'Pherson, b Gregory .. .. 0 Wilkie, run out .. .. 11 Wardill, not out .. .. 0 Sundries .. .. 5 Total .. .. 74 SECOND INNINGS. Turner, b D. Gregory .. ..0 Gibson, b D. Gregory .. .. 1 Campbell, b Thompson .. .. 1 Robertson, b Thompson .. .. 1 Wilkie, st Hewitt .. .. 8 Phillips, st Hewitt .. .. 6 Conway, run out .. .. 1 Greaves, c Gilbert, b Laurence .. ..15 Cosstick, c Belcher, b Thompson .. .. 18 Wardill, l b w .. .. 4 M'Pherson, not out .. .. 0 Sundries .. .. 3 Total .. .. 58 The match between the aborigines and an eleven of the Melbourne Club excited the utmost interest, and this singular cricket- ing contest was witnessed by nearly ten thousand spectators. The blackfellows, who had been trained for a month or two by Mr. T. W. Wills up the country, had beaten all the local teams which had been brought against them, so that the Melbourne Club chose the strongest eleven they could get to represent them in the match. The result showed that the blackfellows, though by no means bad cricketers, are not a match for Europeans who have practised the game from early youth, and the aboriginals were beaten with tolerable ease. Subsequently, however, they achieved quite easy victories over the Corio (Geelong) eleven, and over the united sixteen of two Collingwood clubs, and with a little more training they will become formidable antagonists to our leading club. The day after the match some athletic sports were held on the Melbourne ground, in which the blackfellows took part. There was again a large attendance of specta- tors, who seemed to derive much satis- faction from the numerous successes ob- tained by the natives. Arrangements have been made for taking the blackfellows home to England, and no doubt the speculation will prove highly profitable. Victoria has been unfortunate in inter- colonial contests this year, for her cricketers, on the 19th of this month, sustained a defeat at the hands of the Tasmanian sixteen, Victoria playing of course with only eleven. The match was won with five wickets to fall, the score being : —Victoria, first innings, ninety-nine ; second do., ninety-six ; Tas- mania, first innings, 108 ; second do., with five wickets to go down, eighty-eight. No other matches of interest have been played of late, although there has been a good deal of activity displayed by the various clubs. THE THEATRES. A pantomime has, on the occasion of the Christmas holidays, been produced at each of the three theatres. The most successful of these was undoubtedly that at the Royal, named "Gulliver On His Travels," which was written by Mr. W. M. Akhurst, well known in Melbourne by previous compositions of the same class. The piece was placed upon the stage in a most effective style ; the scenery in particular, painted by Mr. John Hen- nings and Mr. W. Pitt, being of the most brilliant and splendid character. The pan- tomine produced at the Haymarket was "The Four Champions." It had a very successful run of three weeks. The management of the Princess's brought out in very creditable form a comic pantomime, that was preceded by the burlesque of "Fortunio."' The har- lequinade of this piece was much admired. After a course of about seven months, Mr. J. L. Hall, the manager of this theatre, has has had to yield to the pressure of difficulties, and to close the theatre. The most impor- tant item of theatrical intelligence for the month has been the first appearance of Madame Celeste, who on the 12th inst. made her first bow to the Melbourne public in the play of the "Woman in Red, " at the Haymar- ket Theatre, under the management of Mr. Cop- pin. The house on the first night was exceedingly well attended, and the manner in which the leading part was represented by Madame Celeste sufficiently proved that she re- tained undiminished those artistic qualities which have made the success of her long and brilliant career. Her acting met with warm applause from the audience, and many amongst the spectators were delighted with the opportunity of renewing, after the lapse of years, acquaintance with the favourite of earlier days. She has been playing in the same part during the last fortnight, and her efforts have been rewarded by a patronage which augurs well for the success of her co- lonial career. The play produced is the first of a long series of melodramas which are to be put upon the stage during her engagement with Mr. Coppin. NEW ZEALAND. The most important item of New Zealand news during the month has been the an- nouncement of the death of the famous chief William Thompson, the "King- maker," so long the animating spirit of the protracted struggle for native independence under a Maori king. His death took place on the 28th December. He had been ill for some time past, and his decease was so far antici- pated that his relatives had purchased a large quantity of provisions, including three tons of flour, for the purpose of feasting the numbers who were expected to congregate from all parts of the island to lament over his grave. These eatables were actually on their way to Waikato when his death took place while he was being carried in a litter over the Maungakawa Ranges. Although he, and the cause he represented, have occasioned a lamentable waste of British blood and of millions of money, the tribute had been cordially awarded to the memory of the deceased chief, that he was a humane and generous foe ; that during the war he had exerted his utmost influence to save the lives of the white men, and since the hopeless- ness of his cause had become apparent, had evinced a desire to see the Queen's au- thority established in lieu of the existing anarchy, and that his life had been spent in endeavouring, and endeavouring with judg- ment, to bind together, civilise, and place on a footing of equality with the white man, the noble but moribund Maori race. It has been feared that the cessation of Thompson's restraining influence over the minds of the natives may act unfavourably upon the chance of a protracted peace. In the north island some difficulties have arisen, and the surveys at Tauranga have been re- peatedly stopped by the natives, who have warned off the surveyors with threats of murder. The journey of the Governor to Wanganui seems to have been attended with the best effect upon the spirit of the resident tribes, who hailed his arrival amongst them with great cordiality. The Provincial Government of Auckland are about to offer for sale 583,000 acres of land in the Waikato districts. These lands were lately in possession of the natives, but were confiscated during the war. The purchase of the lands of Manawatu, which were so long a cause of discord be- tween the tribes has been completed, the superintendent having handed over the purchase-money to the chiefs of the tribes assembled at Parewanui to receive it. Songs were sung bidding a final farewell to the land, and a war dance followed, some 300 or 400 men from different tribes taking part in the dancing and subsequent feast. There is little news of interest from the gold fields. Okarita is comparatively deserted, only about 600 or 700 people remaining there. The discovery of the highly valuable quartz- reef in some almost inaccessible ranges be- hind Hokitika has been reported. The diggings up the Grey River are all dull, a large exodus of miners to the Pakihi and Fox's, at Buller having taken place. Accounts from the latter two places are of an uncertain character ; the latest news, however, says that they are gradually extending, and many of the miners are said to be doing exceedingly well. Some of the older diggings in the province of Otago are fairly maintaining their yields ; at Makatip, and along the Arrow and Shotover, reefing is being followed vigorously, and the diggers seem to be realising fair returns. The Panama Mail steamship Mataura, which sailed from Wellington on the 8th inst., took 11,000oz. of gold from Hokitika, Grey- mouth, and Dunedin. WILLIAM THOMPSON—THE MAORI CHIEF. Wiremu Tamihana Tarapipipi (such is Thompson's Maori appellation) was well qualified by birth for the high position he took in the land. As a chief, however, does not necessarily succeed to the sway of his ancestors, Tamihana's fame and influence were owing entirely to his skill and ability as a politician. By birth he was the head of a section of the Ngatihana tribe, one of the most influential of the aristocratic Waikatos. His father was a leader among the great can- nibal chiefs of the last generation, and his name is still notorious for the mingled cun- ning and ferocity he displayed. Tamihana was probably as determined, and certainly as diplomatic, as his father, many of whose per- sonal whims he is said to have inherited. In person he was below rather than above the middle stature, was well made, and possessed large features, and quiet but intelligent eyes. There was little of the warrior in his appear- ance, nor, indeed did he ever aspire to take the lead in the field. When converted at an early age to Christianity, he declared that he would never fight again, and his subsequent life earned him two surnames, one of which was "the Peace- maker," an honourable title, gradually merged, however, in that of the "King- maker." Thompson's name is identified with the King movement. He, above all his compeers, appears to have realised the certain and terri- ble decay of his race before the advance of the white man. He was particularly struck by the decrease in numbers caused by the interminable tribal wars, rendered the more bloody by the use of European weapons. In his own district, he laboured hard to pre- serve peace, and it became the rule to submit feuds and disputes to his judgment. Outside these limits, however, he was powerless. Some general system was needed, and the long years of European occupation had only resulted in overthrowing the traditional in- fluence of the chiefs, without establishing the semblance of any other authority. Brood- ing over his country's misfortunes, Tamihana could at first devise nothing better than a general assembly of the tribes, which, as he states, proved a Babel. The King movement had been originated by the southern tribes some years previously, and had been intro- duced to the Waikato chiefs, but it was not en- tertained by them. Thompson now took it up. He never, so far as is known, put forward any idea of dispossessing the English of the territories they had acquired. His scheme was to recognise the British rule, but to establish a Maori government for Maori dis- tricts: —" The Queen on her piece ; the King on his piece ; and God over all " Tamihana threw his heart and soul into the cause. He travelled through the island propagating his views, and, being in earnest himself, he readily stirred up his countrymen. His mind appears to have been absorbed with the one subject. When other matters were discussed at the Runangas, he was silent, but on the King's cause he could always wax eloquent. His success was complete. Throughout the central district of the island the new flag was everywhere adopted with enthusiasm. With a rare amount of prudence and patriotism, Tamihana never advanced a claim to the kingship. By his persuasion Potatau Te Wheoro, the leading chief of the Waikato, revered for his bravery and virtue through- out the island, and firmly attached to the English, was induced to accept the post, and was formally installed at Ngarua- wahia, protesting at the time his unchanged affection for the Queen and the Governor. The government was conducted in imitation of English proceedings. Guards were drilled, councils of chiefs were held, at which dis- putes were adjudicated upon, and laws were adopted, and mandates and summonses were issued, stamped with a large, and handsome seal engraved in Auckland. Potatau was really in his dotage, and his son and successor, Matutara, was a very young man, of no force of character, so that for a time Tamihana was the ruling spirit. So long as this was the case, all went well. Thompson displayed unquestioned ability ; his laws, often a curious adaptation of Old Testament and English legislation, were good, and his decisions were always just. Visitors who were present at his councils declare that they were conducted in perfect order and in the best spirit. It really seemed as if the Maori chief had ac- complished the social revolution he aimed at, and had solved the riddle of ruling his people. Unfortunately this was not the case. When discontent ensued, it was found that the King had no physical force to carry out his mandates ; and when these displeased, they began to be disobeyed. Violent men obtained possession of the council, and Tami- hana and his plans were rudely set aside. The movement, which, as an effort for self- government, merited the sympathy of all men, degenerated in their hands into little better than a hostile union against the Europeans, by whom it had been unwisely contemned. At length matters arrived at such a pass that road-making was prohibited, the rivers were barred against steamboats, the Queen's writs were openly torn in pieces, Europeans were expelled unless they paid tribute to the King, and the most supercilious contempt was displayed for the Governor and his power. Tamihana, like many other leaders, could not control the forces he had evoked. It is now admitted, however, by all parties that, had the British given him their countenance and support, " Kingism," in its early stages, might have been moulded into something useful, and have proved the means of elevating the natives, and ruling them in subordination with the European Go- vernment. Opposed by the English authori- ties, however, and unable to control his tur- bulent allies, Thompson lived to acknowledge that his experiment had ended in failure. The end was a return, in point of fact, to the former anarchy, with the addition of the fatal European war. Tamihana vigorously opposed the war movement, though his sincerity has been doubted. It is certain, however, that he tra- velled down to Taranaki, and, on taking the command, at once concluded a peace with General Pratt. He certainly joined in the Waikato campaign, and even sanctioned the attempt to sack Auckland, but it is admitted he had done his utmost to preserve peace, and it seems to be overlooked that he had no choice but to break with his countrymen or to join them in an attempt which, though he might deem it rash and impolitic, was still an attempt for national independence. He was present at the desperate engagement at Ran- giriri, and he was mainly instrumental (by no little duplicity, it is said), in inducing the East Coast tribes to rise in aid of Waikato. After his native district had been lost, and after Rangiaohia, where he commanded, and where his forces made a brave stand, he retired from the scene, despairing further of uniting his countrymen ; and when the Hau- hau fanaticism swept away the last traces of the King movement, he tendered his submis- sion to General Carey. Last year he gave a practical proof of his desire to see the Queen's authority established in lieu of the existing anarchy, by applying for and obtaining a Crown grant for his unconfiscated lands. Tamihana was constant in his endeavour to stay the consumption of the spirituous liquors which have worked so much mischief to his race. One of the first laws he promulgated was against the admission of alcohol into the King's district, and on his recent submis- sion, he, together with the British general and the commissioner, took the pledge for twelve months as an example to the tribes. The want of respect with which Maories are habitually treated led him to hold himself aloof from the settled districts. He visited Auckland only once, and then he returned a firmer Kingite than before. The last act of his life was, however, to proceed to Wellington, where he petitioned Parlia- ment to restore their lands to the conquered tribes. He was ill when he arrived there, and probably his non-success and his cool reception—for he was even lodged in the common Maori hostelry—preyed upon his spirits. At all events, we now learn that he failed to reach his home, having expired while being carried across the ranges which en- compass his loved and faithfully-served Waikato. MURDER OF FOUR DETECTIVES IN NEW SOUTH WALES. During the last month a party of four con- stables have been brutally murdered by the bushrangers of New South Wales. It appears that some months ago four constables, named Kennagh, Carroll, M'Donald, and Phegan— Carroll being the leader of the party—were despatched to look after a well-known gang of bushrangers known as Clarke's gang. Through their exertions several parties who had harboured the bushrangers had been brought to trial, one of the gang had been shot, and another captured. The constables were disguised as surveyors, and encamped within half a mile of Clarke's house, ostensibly for the purpose of surveying. Clarke, however, either learned or sus- pected the real object of the "surveyors," and resolved to take means to compass their destruction. Their first attack on the camp of the constables failed, and as no certain information has been received with regard to the second and fatal attack, an account of the previous one written by Car- roll himself, will be read with interest:— "We had been surveying a flat near our camp from nine o'clock on Friday morning till about four in the afternoon. At four o'clock we went in a body on a neighboring range, where we could reconnoitre. Well, we returned to camp about six, and had just finished our teas, and were standing round our fire, which we always allowed to die out, when all at once (it was very dark) we heard the report of a musket or rifle about one hun- dred yards from us. The ball passed right between us and entered the tree against which our fire was made, just on a level with our heads. We had our arms out in an in- stant, but before we could discharge them we were fired upon from two opposite directions. Thank God, none of us were touched. We each discharged a shot in the direction of the explosion by the bushrangers, for we had no other guide in aiming, owing to the night being so very dark, which was rendered denser by the mizzling rain which had been falling all day. Our first object, of course, was to get out of the glare of the fire, which was still burning sufficiently to afford a good aim at us by the bushrangers. The Clarkes, and whoever were with them, had evidently lain on the ground behind trees. I would suppose there were at least four of them. We kept up random firing for about five minutes, closing by degrees on the first position taken up by the bushrangers, who always retired on our approach, and in opposite directions. I cannot speak too highly of the courage dis- played by the party under my charge. They acted most zealously ; indeed under the circumstances, I thought rashly, in pur- suing under such disadvantages. About eight o'clock we found that our ammu- nition had been inadvertently left in the tent, and to return to it, from its colour and position so close to the fire, which would throw the shadow of any one passing so clearly as to afford a good mark for the fire of the bushrangers, appeared certain death. Kennagh, however (and I cannot speak too highly of his courage), without a moment's hesitation made a rush to the tent under cover of our fire, and secured the am- munition. The bushrangers now directed their firing to the tent (which is riddled), but without effect. Kennagh returned to us un- harmed. After this the bushrangers ceased firing, and as we had no further clue to their position, we remained in ambush the whole of the night, expecting every moment to see the tent attacked or to be passed by some of the bushrangers. No further attack was however made ; and when daylight carne no traces of them could be found, if I except some balls and a flask half full of powder which had been dropped by one of them." This was the forerunner of a more care- fully planned and unfortunately more successful attack. The following infor- mation, collected from the men employed at the Jinden station, is all that has yet been received. About four o'clock on the day on which they left that station, a volley was heard, and about an hour after- wards a few shots. Next day the stockmen came on the bodies of Phegan and M'Donald ; and the Ballalaba police, while track- ing the bushrangers, found the other two bodies. It was open country where the murders were committed. From the posi- tion of the bodies, the party are supposed to have been walking together when a volley was fired from behind two large trees close to them. Phegan and M'Donald fell together. A rifle-bullet entered Phegan's right side, and this wound not being fatal a revolver- shot was fired into his left side, the ball passing through. A rifle-bullet entered M'Donald's thigh, cutting the femoral artery and he bled to death immediately. The bodies of Carrol and Kennagh were found together half a mile distant from the others. It is conjectured that they escaped the first volley, and ran for cover, were fol- lowed, called on to surrender, told to prepare for death, and then deliberately shot. A rifle- bullet passed through Carroll's heart. His clothing was singed. A rifle-bullet had passed through Kennagh's neck and left lung. Carroll was found lying on his back, with his handker- chief across his breast, and a £1-note pinned to it. One had £14 and the other £19 in his pocket untouched. Three revolvers were found near Phegan. They would seem not to have had one moment's warning before [illegible] volley was fired. The murder had created great excitement and indignation throughout the colony, and a special force, composed of picked men, and under the command of a selected officer, is to be despatched without delay to scour the district in co-operation with the regular police of the district. It is to be hoped that the career of this lawless gang may be brought to a speedy end. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The R.M.S.S. Geelong, Captain N. S. Skot- towe, with the European and Indian mails, left her anchorage on her voyage outwards on the 28th ult. at two o'clock, The Panama mail steamer Kaikoura, with the English mails of the 2nd November, reached Sydney at a very early hour in the morning of the 31st ult. She was due in that port on the 29th December, and was thus only a few hours behind time. The telegraphic news from England was not so late as that previously to hand via Galle, and it is now obvious that by the Panama route the late news will be almost exclusively American. The P. and O. Co.'s R.M.S.S. Bombay, Geo. C. Burne, commander, was telegraphed off Cape Otway at half-past seven of the evening of the 10th inst., arrived at the Heads at one a.m. on the 11th, and dropped anchor in the bay at half-past four a.m., after a rapid pas- sage from Galle to the Sound, and from thence to this port. This steamer, with the European and Indian mails on board, in charge of Commander Goss, R.N., left Point de Galle at half-past ten a.m. on the 22nd ult., and arrived at King George's Sound on the 5th inst., soon after mid-day—two days in advance of her expected time ; and left again at seven p.m. the same day. On the passage from Galle very fine weather was met with throughout. STATE OF TRADE. Notwithstanding that the ordinary course of trade was very considerably interfered with in the earlier portion of the month by the holidays and amusements prevalent at that festive season, a very satisfactory trade has been done from the time business fairly opened out for the year. Commercial confidence has been well sustained, though the month has not been free from failures. But with the certainty of an abundant har- vest, and the prospect of our public works—in consequence of the successful negotiation of the loan for that purpose—being steadily carried on, the prospect for 1867 appears as satisfactory as could be wished for. Messrs. Marsh, Cumberland, and Co., warehousemen, with liabilities in Melbourne amounting to about £3,000, and in England to £17,000, suspended payment a fortnight ago. The estate has, for the protection of all interested, been placed in the Insolvent Court. A meet- ing of the creditors of Mr. Robert Amos, Carron rolling iron mills, was held on the 16th inst. The statement of affairs prepared by Messrs. Lyell and Gowan, and submitted to the meeting, showed liabilities in current acceptances and open account amounting to £14,570 8s. 7d. The liabilities to secured creditors, exclusive of the above, were esti- mated at £5,315, while the contingent lia- bilities for bills under discount amounted to £17,000. The total assets, consisting of mill property, store, stock, outstanding accounts, &c.;, are valued at £16,288, thus showing a surplus of £1,618. After some discussion, it was agreed to assign the estate to Messrs. Fowler, Thompson, and M'Gill, for the benefit of all the creditors. Messrs. Chalk and Price, warehousemen, Flinders-lane west, called their creditors to- gether on the 25th inst. The liabilities are £24,550, and the assets £22,300. The estate is unlikely to realise more than 7s. 6d. in the pound. It has been assigned to Messrs. Mailer and Dodgshun. The arrival of the November mail in some degree stimulated the markets. Candles attracted attention, and prices rose rapidly from 10¾d. to 1s. 1d. per lb. The market for breadstuffs also received a good deal of notice. About 35,000 bushels Chilian wheat were purchased, chiefly for England, the whole of the Californian wheat comprising the cargoes of the Centaur, the Sea Nymph, the Anglo- Saxon, and Louise, &.c., and amounting to 30,000 bushels, were also taken up for local use. The Anglo-Saxon's Californian flour, amounting to 250 tons, was likewise among the sales of the month. Californian oats, to the extent of 50,000 bushels, found buyers. The sales of sugar amount to 51,000 bags, and embrace the cargoes of the Hannah Nichol- son, Jane, Countess of Seafield, Eva Joshua, and Formosa, from Mauritius, and Krimpe- nerwaard, from Java. Transactions in tim- ber extend over six cargoes of deals (four cargoes on speculation), and the market has in consequence recovered from a condition of very considerable depression. From Ceylon we were advised that the Antelope and Inverugie were coming forward with the first cargoes of the new season's coffee. STOCK AND STATIONS. The Pastoral Times of the 18th January reports of stock and station property in the in- terior as follows:—"News from parts of Queensland tells us that the rains there have been more partial than was expected. At Clement and Peak Downs district, where they had had so much drought, the rains have been very partial—on some of the stations on the extensive Peak Downs scarcely any rain had fallen, while on others an abundance of rain fell, as well as on the ranges and about the diggings. On the Belgando, the whole of the stations, as much rain fell as was re- quired. In the New England district hot winds had damaged the vineyards, and in some parts water was getting scarce. On the Patterson they were crying out for rain, and prospects looked gloomy. The Sheep Disease Prevention Act was being put in force at Singleton. At Maitland the drought continued, and pastoral matters were not prosperous. Canning Downs station, in Queensland, had been placed in quarantine for infraction of border laws. Heavy rains had fallen at Enojjera. There was great difficulty in Queensland in getting the sheep which were removed to the coast district to save them from famine back again to their old pastures inland, where rain had fallen. Large num- bers of the increase of these sheep removed to the coast from the drought of the interior have perished. At Mackay the rains had deluged the town, and had created a fresh in the river." Respecting the Bundure and Spring Plains stations, on the Billabong, the Pastoral Times remarks:—" These stations having been pur- chased by an English Company, as well as 'The American Yards,' Mr. R. Blackwood, Mr. Robert Landale, M.P., and Mr. Quarter- man, have been valuing them this week. The company are about to work the stations on an improved plan. There is a wide field in Riverina for investing English capital profitably. We have now about five mil- lions of sheep on these plains, from the Murray to the boundary line between New South Wales and Queensland, and it is said by competent judges that, by the aid of ample supplies of water and by artificial grasses, and other improvements of this kind, the vast district, containing one hundred and ten millions of acres, could provide for one hundred millions of sheep, or seventy-five millions of sheep and a million and a half of horned cattle. It must be evident that there is not floating capital enough in the colonies to meet the outlay that would be required to develop this vast country. The stock alone, without the outlay for improvements, would cost more money than we have in the Aus- tralias. The natural resources of Riverina are comparatively unknown, and its future is matter for conjecture, but that they are enormous and that they are latent cannot admit of a doubt." The Archdale, Sandy Creek, and Cooltorsa stations, together with 13,500 sheep and 640 acres land, were disposed of to Mr. S. Booth, at 18s. 6d. per head ; and the Dallinyong station, together with 6,130 sheep, was sold to same buyer, also at 18s. 6d. per head. The extensive station property owned by Mr. Forlonge was last week sub- mitted to public competition, but there was no disposition whatever evinced to operate, and the whole of these splendid properties had to be withdrawn for want of purchasers. They are now offered privately. THE WOOL SALES. The sales of this staple have gone on satis- factorily. Some 10,340 bales have been dis- posed of in the course of the month, up to Wednesday of this week, at prices ranging from 8d. to 1s. 1d. for greasy, 10½d. to 1s. 2d. for greasy lamb, 1s. 3d. to 2s. for fleece, and 15d. to 24½d. for scoured. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. Exchange on England by the present mail has been firmly maintained at par for sixty days' bills. In one or two exceptional in- stances, however, drafts have been negoci- ated on rather easier terms. Interest on money is allowed on deposits subject to thirty days' notice, at four per cent ; sixty days' notice, at five per cent. ; ninety days' notice, at six per cent. ; and twelve months' notice, at seven per cent. The banks discount mer- can[illegible] of per of two, three, and four months' curren[illegible]y at seven, eight, and nine per cent. respectively. OUR INLAND TRADE. The Riverine Herald mentions that during the past season not less than 232 departures of steamers have taken place from Echuca Wharf, while there have been 222 arrivals. The navigation of the Murray above Wah- gunyah is now closed for the season. THE BORDER DUTIES. The Border Duties question, so long a bug- bear to merchants, has at length been settled, on the following basis:—Free trade in colonial produce as between New South Wales and Victoria ; Victoria to collect the Murray duties, paying New South Wales £60,000 per annum for her share : New South Wales to collect the duties on goods coming up the Murray from South Australia, and hand them over to Victoria, the latter colony being at liberty to charge the difference of duty where the South Australian tariff is lower than that of Victoria. At the conference New South Wales was represented by Mr. Martin and Mr. Eager. Mr. M'Culloch and Mr. Francis represented Victoria. South Australia was not made a party to the conference, but the Hon. Mr. Ayers and the Hon. Mr. Blyth, for that colony, are now in Melbourne, and in conference with the Government on the sub- ject. THE SHOW OF WOOL. On the 16th inst., an intercolonial show of Merino wool, in connection with the uni- versal exhibition to be held in London in August next was opened at the establishment of Messrs. Cuningham and Macredie. The invitation to the sister colonies to join in the competition was not liberally responded to, the only contributors, besides Victorian pro- ducers, being Mr. Joseph Carter, South Aus- tralia, and Mr. N.P. Bayly, Mudgee, New South Wales. The show was about equal in extent to its predecessor in 1865, but the condition in which many of the specimens were presented showed a gratifying improve- ment, and demonstrated the value of the re- cently adopted system of spout-washing with warm water. The gentlemen whose names are appended exhibited in the three classes for which prizes were given:—Mr. T. Lear- month, Ercildoun ; Mr. P. Russell, Carn- gham ; Mr. J. L. Currie, Larra, Cressy ; Mr. J. Bell, Warrambine, Shelford ; Messrs. Carter and Sons, Rosebrook, Upper Glenelg ; Mr. T. Russell, Rokewood ; Mr. J. Blair, Clunie, Glenelg ; Mr. G. Thomson, Buangor, Ararat ; Mr. C. Campbell, do ; Mr. Joseph Carter, South Australia ; Messrs. Thomas Russell and Co., the Plains, Inverleigh ; Mr. A. S. Robertson, Cressy; Mr. J. Mackersey, Kenilworth, Hamilton ; Mr. C. Grey, Nareeb Nareeb ; Messrs. Greene and Burt, Glenmore, Bacchus Marsh ; Mr. M. N. Bayly, Mudgee, New South Wales ; Mr. D. Affleck, Mount Emu, Skipton ; and Mr. Thos. Shaw, Worriwyrite. The judges were Messrs. F. Wattinne, Joe Learoyd, W. Hick, J, Dodgshun, and P. N. Walker. These gentlemen were occupied the whole of Tuesday in making an examination of the various samples, and in order to place their decisions beyond the imputation of pre- judice or favour, they were kept in ignorance of the names of the competitors. The fleeces shown by Mr. Learmonth elicited the highest commendation, and we are assured by com- petent witnesses that for length of staple, quality, and the condition to which they had been brought by washing, they have never been equalled in this colony. There were other specimens closely approaching them in merit. A splendid lot of lambswool, washed on the animal's back by the new method, attracted a good deal of attention during the day. It was said to exceed anything of the kind ever before submitted. Mr. Thos. Shaw, jun., is the exhibitor. Some beautiful sam- ples were entered for competition, which were not successful in consequence of the lightness of the fleeces. The majority of the prizes were taken by breeders of Australian merinos ; but we may mention that Mr. Bell, who car- ried off the premium in class 2, is the owner of flocks in which there is a large infusion of German blood. A DISCOVERY. "A discovery has just been brought under our notice," says the Majorca Independent of the 11th inst., "which may eventually be productive of important results. A man named Bright was travelling overland from Adelaide to Majorca when, leaving the usual route (to look after some sheep), he came across numerous springs of what at first sight appeared to be water, but on closer inspec- tion proved to be a kind of liquid gum or oil, which on exposure to the air becomes solidi- fied, at first to the consistency of jelly, and afterwards to that of india-rubber— in which form we have now a piece in our possession. The peculiarity of this gum, or whatever it maybe termed, is that it burns freely, with a bright flame, but accompanied with a thick smoke, and a smell as of old grease, such as would be emitted from machinery oil while in a state of combustion. The substance is light, and floats easily in water. Our informant assures us that a tract of country not less than ten miles square, is covered at intervals with the bubbling springs, while between them, the solidified gum is lying in such abundance that many ship-loads might be gathered with very little trouble. The exact locale of the dis- covery is preserved as a secret, but is stated to be within sixty miles of the coast. A small block of this curious substance has been forwarded to Melbourne for analysis." PUBLIC COMPANIES. The Western Times of 16th January says:— "The directors of the Portland Tramway Company are not allowing the grass to grow under their feet as regards pushing forward the project. On Friday and Saturday last Mr. S. Parker, C.E., went over the line to Heywood with some of the directors, and thoroughly examined it throughout. A special meeting of directors was held on Saturday afternoon to receive the engineer's report, which is a most favourable one, and confirms the estimated outlay put forth by the projectors. The next step will be the in- troduction of the necessary bill to incorporate the company." The Australasian Woollen Mill Company have obtained a grant of a site for the mill at the Stony Creek, halfway between Footscray and Williamstown, where the company have secured nine acres of land. The second de- posit of 10s. per share, on allotment, was paid by almost every shareholder before it was due. The company, we are informed, has a good balance to its credit in the bank, and is now getting in tenders for the buildings, which, though of stone, can be erected very cheaply, the stone being on the ground. The site is suitable for the purpose, having a frontage to the railway and also to the creek, which ves- sels of 100 tons can get up to and discharge coals at the mill. The company has been registered under the Companies Statute, and a considerable amount of routine business, incidental to its formation, has been got through. The prospectus has been shown to us of a Finance and Property Company, which it is proposed to form under the Companies Sta- tute. The capital is £100,000, in £5 shares. The objects in view are stated as follows:— "1. To purchase land, and build houses whole- sale, and to sell retail, with the payments ex- tending over a series of years, say eight to fourteen. 2. To enable parties to lend money safely on the security of well-built town or suburban property occupied by those inte- rested. To illustrate what is meant,—sup- pose a tradesman renting his house for 12s. per week, or £31 4s. yearly ; a good three- roomed house, with front verandah, shed, closet, &c.;, can be built for him, payable by thirty-two quarterly instalments of £9 5s. 8d., or forty quarterly payments of £8 5s. 10d. ; or say a Government clerk rents a house at £80 per annum, in eight years he has paid £640 rent ; instead of which, if he selects one of the company's sites and plans, say five rooms and a kitchen built of brick, the cost, with interest added, can be repaid in thirty-two quarterly payments of £25 3s. 6d. each, or in forty quarterly payments of £22 9s. 10d. ; or if a cottage of five rooms, for thirty-two quarterly payments of £15 9s. 5d., or forty quarterly payments of £13 16s. 4d., being little if anything more than the rent, after which he will have his house free." The Deep Sea Fishing Company's schooner Redcliffe has returned again from the Straits, but the trip this time has apparently not been marked by a large amount of success, only some twenty dozen of crayfish having been brought to market. On her last trip two of the hands were left behind on the Hum- mocks, to prosecute operations during the absence of the schooner, but before the return of the Redcliffe they fell short of provisions. The men then put off in the dingy, with the intention of making Circular Head, but in consequence of a strong gale from the E.N.E., they were unable to effect a landing. They then bore up for Hunter's Island, and beached the boat, but on the wind shifting into the south-east, they went back again to the Hummocks, where the Redcliffe arrived on the following day with stores. A great number of crayfish were caught by the men while the schooner was away, but they were all dead before she returned. Several baskets of butterfish, and other kinds of fish, were taken, but these also died from some cause or other, and were not brought on. The Melbourne Gas Company has declared a dividend of eight per cent. per annum. THE VICTORIA AND RIVERINA PASTORAL ASSOCIATION.—An adjourned meeting of the Victoria and Riverina Pastoral Association has been held ; Mr. Gill presided. The Chair- man said that this was an important meeting. Interesting facts of great moment had to be brought before them. The Secretary then read a very lengthy report. The balance- sheet submitted showed assets as follows:— Station plant, £56,077 1s. 9d. ; trust ac- counts, £560 10s. 4d. ; suspense account, £27 10s. ; unpaid calls, £1,742 7s. 6d. ; total, £58,407 9s. 7d. Liabilities, £45,290, or the capital of £100,000 less £50,000 reserved shares, and £4,710 unallotted shares ; sta- tion contract, £10,205 8s. ; trustees' ad- vance, £2,785 ; Oriental Bank, £127 1s. 7d. Mr. Harvey —How much do we owe on mortgage? The Chairman.—The sum of £15,000 will clear us of everything. If the cattle come down all right, we shall have a splendid help. A Shareholder.—Do you ex- pect £10 a head for them? The Chairman.— We did expect it, and should have had it if our manager had faithfully served us. The Secretary stated that the total liabilities were £14,617. The Chairman.—If the share- holders will not exert themselves to save their own property, who is to do so? The directors have worked, I may almost say, as a labour of faith and love. On Monday next we shall lose the whole of the property on the New South Wales side if the money for the rent is not paid. Now, who is to find the money? A Shareholder.—It becomes a ques- tion whether we should not wind up the com- The Chairman.—What advantage will you yet then? If one-half of those who have not paid their calls had paid them we should have had abundance to go on with. I believe the property is most valuable, and it would be a most grievous thing to lose it now, when ap- parently we are about to reap the harvest. If the rents and little running accounts could me met we should have nothing to fear. A Shareholder.—What is the estimated value of the stock on the station? The Chair- man.—There are between 3,000 and 4,000 head. Everyone puts his own value on these things. A Shareholder.—Is there £10,000 worth of stock there? The Chair- man.—I should say a great deal more. A Shareholder.—You cannot estimate these on the ground at more than £2 10s. each. The Chairman.—Cattle are selling here at £7 10s. a head. The seasons we have had have broken the backs of many pastoral occupiers ; and no wonder that we have felt a difficulty, especially when the shareholders do not come up to the scratch. Mr. Dick gave notice for the next meeting, of a motion authorising the issue of an advertise- ment of the shares on which calls are unpaid, preparatory to declaring them forfeited. On the proposal of Mr. Keith, it was de- termined " That the directors be requested to write to Mr. Leigh, cordially thanking him and the men with him for the valuable ser- vices rendered by them to the association ; and that this meeting is especially desirous to acknowledge the disinterested and generous conduct of Mr. Leigh, and that the same should be recorded on the books of the com- pany, with the object at a future period that their conduct should be substantially re- warded." The Chairman said he regretted that no one had thought proper to move the reception of the report, a circumstance which he could not but regard as a reflection on the directors. For his part, he was willing to retire from the directorate, for the business of the association took up a great deal of his time and labour, and he would gladly make way for some other gentleman. The adoption of the report was then moved, seconded, and agreed to. The Chairman said they had had a long night of it, but he fancied that he could discern light in the distance. They had borne the heat and burden of the struggle, and it would be a pity, having done so to stop short at this juncture, when they were on the eve, as he believed, of realising the fruit of their enterprise. The proceeding then ter- minated. THE BANKS. The following general abstract, showing the average amount of the liabilities and assets of the several banks named, taken from the weekly statements during the quarter ending 31st December, 1866, is taken from the Government Gazette:— Bank of Victoria.—Liabilities—Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £285,717 ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £11,585 13s. 8d. ; balances due to other banks, £55,307 3s. 5d. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £652,193 7s. ; deposits, bearing interest, £1,161,555 10s. 6d. Total amount of liabilities, £2,164,358 14s. 7d. The assets are as follow :—Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £247,030 15s. 9d. ; gold and silver in bullion and bars, £130,334 5s. 6d. ; landed property, £133,629 7s. 6d. ; notes and bills of other banks, £33,710 16s. 3d. ; balances due from other banks, £87,986 2s. 9d. ; amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bank from other banks, £2,169,939 8s. 11d. Total amount of assets, £2,802,630 16s. 8d. The return also includes the following:—Amount of the capital stock paid up at the close of the quarter ending 31st December, 1866, £500,000 ; rate of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, 10 per cent. ; amount of the last divi- dend declared, £25,000 ; amount of the reserved pro- fits at the time of declaring such dividend, £100,000. The National of Bank of Australasia.—Liabilities— Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £104,749 15s. 4d. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £3,978 8s. 6d. ; balances due to other banks, £10,312 5s. 3d. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £233,656 19s. 2d . ; deposits, bearing interest, £314,171 16s. 9d. Total amount of liabilities, £666,869 5s. Assets— Coined gold and silver, and other coined metals, £107,739 6s. 6d. ; gold and silver, in bullion or bars, £19,674 1s. 7d. ; landed property, £33,864 12s.1d. ; notes and bills of other banks, £22,690 1s.10d. ; ba- lances due from other banks, £16,254 3s. ; amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bank from other banks, £837,193 6s.11d. Total amount of assets, £1,037,415 11s. 11d. The re- turn also includes the following:—Amount of the capital stock paid up at the close of the quarter ending 31st December, 1866, £540,000 ; rate of the last divi- dend declared to the shareholders, 10 per cent. per annum ; amount of the last dividend declared, £27,000 ; amount of the reserved profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £135,000. The Oriental Bank Corporation.—Liabilities.—Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £67,110 12s. 2d. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £35,976 6s. 3d. ; balances due to other banks, £2,717 8s. 11d. ; de- posits, not bearing interest, £114,033 15s. 1d. ; bear- ing interest, £326,449 8s. 8d. Total amount of liabili- ties, £546,287 11s. 1d. Assets—Coined gold and silver, and other coined metals, £111,973 2s. 5d. ; gold and silver, in bullion or bars, £46,653 16s. 3d. ; landed property, £40, 000 ; notes and bills of other banks, £7,275 12s. 2d. ; balances due from other banks, £31,336 18s. 2d. ; amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every de- scription, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bank from other banks, £625,892 18s. 1d. Total amount of assets, £863,132 7s. 1d. The return also includes the following:—Amount of the capital stock paid up at the close of the quarter ending 31st December, 1866, £1,500,000 ; rate of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, 12 per cent. ; amount of the last dividend declared, £90,000 ; amount of the reserved profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £444,090. The Bank of Australasia.—Liabilities—Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £224,156 19s. 11d. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest £15,263 10s. 1d. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £531,826 7s. 7d. ; deposits, bearing interest, £837,350 1s. 6d. Total amount of liabilities, £1,608,596 19s. 1d. Assets— Coined gold and silver, and other coined metals, £149,650 10s. 8d. ; gold and silver, in bullion or bars, £66,106 12s. 6d. ; Victorian Government securities, £40,136 8s. 7d. ; landed property, £96,741 8s. 7d. ; notes and bills of other banks, £26,729 5s. 2d. ; amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bank from other banks, £2,050,274 14s.11d. Total amount of assets, £2,429,639 0s. 5d. The return also includes the fol- lowing:—Amount of the capital stock paid up at this date, £1,200,000 ; rate of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, 6 per cent. per annum, and a bonus of 8 per cent.—together, 14 per cent per an- num ; amount of the last dividend declared, £84,000 ; amount of the reserved profits after declaring such dividend, £370,000 9s. 3d. The Colonial Bank of Australasia.—Liabilities— Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £89,665 10s. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £1,305 18s. 1d. ; balances due to other banks, £22,378 15s. 7d. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £268 532 7s. 8d. ; depo- sits, bearing interest, £473,282 19s.11d. Total amount of liabilities, £855,165 11s. 3d. The assets are as follow:—Coined gold and silver, and other coined metals, £96,463 5s. ; gold and silver, in bul- lion or bars, £34,031 0s. 4d. ; landed property, £51,268 11s. 10d. ; notes and bills of other banks, £6,760 2s. 3d. ; balances due from other banks, £87,123 3s. 5d. ; amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bank from other banks, £1,137,913 12s. 8d. Total amount of assets, £1,363,559 15s. 6d. The return also includes the fol- lowing:—Amount of the capital stock paid up at the close of the quarter ending 31st December, 1866, £437,500 ; rate of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, 8 per cent. per annum ; amount of the last dividend declared, £17,500 ; amount of the re- served profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £55,000. The returns in connexion with the various savings banks of the colony, for the year end- ing 30th June, 1866, have just been published, from which it appears that the accounts at the banks in 1865 represented a larger amount than in the succeeding year. The number of deposits during the twelve months has been 39,837, and the total amount deposited was £353,679 10s. 3d. The number of withdrawals has been 31,777, and the total amount with- drawn, £455,228 4s. 6d. During the year 4,952 new accounts had been opened, 1,149 old ones re- opened, and 7,064 accounts closed. On the 31st December, 1865, there were 10,715 male and 6,482 female depositors in the various savings banks in the colony. THE COMMERCIAL BANK. The following is the report of the directors of the Commercial Bank for the quarter end- ing 31st December:— "In presenting to the shareholders the state- ment of accounts for the first three months of the bank's existence, your directors are happy to be able to show that a balance of profit remains after payment of all charges. Commencing with a small amount of capital paid up, placed in competition with established institutions, and in the middle of mone- tary crisis unprecedented in this colony, your directors entered upon their duties with considerable anxiety ; but they have not shrunk from their responsibilities, and have devoted much time and pains to the various matters requiring their consideration, whilst every possible care has been taken to avoid doubt- ful transactions, or anything which did not appear to lead to legitimate results. Although the market price of the bank's stock partakes of the existing depression of all stocks, including the old-established banks, there is no intrinsic depre- ciation in its value ; and it is satisfactory to have to state that the aspect of affairs is encouraging, and that business is gradually increasing. By pursuing their present policy, at once cautious and reasonably liberal, the board feel assured that enlarged con- fldence will be placed in the bank ; and the progress already made, under the circumstances, justifies them in looking hopefully to the future. In the acquisition of banking premises the board consider they have been fortunate, as the capacious and central offices now occupied in Collins-street bear only a rent-charge of little more than £500 per annum, allowing for rents receivable from sub-tenants. It was necessary, in order to secure an immediate lease of the premises, to pay a premium of £1,500 to the tenant in posses- sion ; and the alterations, fittings, and furniture ne- cessarily entailed considerable expenditure ; but the favourable lease for forty-six years, in the opinion of your directors, not only covers all these outlays, but also the whole of the preliminary expenses. The board having received strong representations from shareholders and others resident in the respective localities, resolved to open branches at Lancefield (be- lieved to be a rising agricultural district and previously unprovided with banking accommodation) and at the town of Geelong, where premises have been secured on favourable terms. From the very recent opening of these branches, it would be premature to express any decided opinion as to the advantages to be derived from them, but it is fully expected that both branches will be successful. In carrying on the business of the bank, your directors have ever had in view the neces- sity of practising economy ; and this they have endea- voured to carry out as far as practicable in all their arrangements, and at the same time to appoint none but efficient officers, and they have much plea- sure in stating that the appointments have been hitherto satisfactory. The disproportion observable at the outset between expenses and income will disappear as the business advances in importance. It has been deemed advisable to make a second call of £1 per share, payable on 18th February next, but the board are desirous of bearing as lightly as possible on the shareholders in regard to calls, whilst having in view the extension of business and the establishment of the bank on a proper foundation. They hope to be able to make a second issue of shares on terms ad- vantageous to the bank, at no distant day. It will be remembered that the bank Is authorised to issue in all 50,000 shares of £10 each, and to increase the capital, if necessary, to double the amount. Your directors would not so soon after the commencement of business have met the shareholders were it not that a meeting is compulsory at this period of the year, in compliance with the act. Sufficient time has not, of course, been allowed for the development of the business ; but your directors anticipate that the operations of the bank when the next meeting takes place, in August, will have extended considerably, and that they will be enabled then to put forward such a statement as will satisfy shareholders that a fair return is to be ob- tained for their capital. " The following is the balance sheet for the quarter ending 31st December:— Dr. LIABILITIES. To notes in circulation .. .. .. £8,461 0 0 To deposits .. .. .. .. .. 50,448 3 6 To balances due to other banks.. .. 32 1 7 To capital paid up.. .. .. .. 65,055 0 0 To profit and loss—balance of profit for first quarter, ending 31st December, 1866 .. .. .. .. .. 479 12 6 £124,475 17 7 Cr. ASSETS. By gold and silver coin and bullion on hand .. .. .. .. .. £54,576 17 9 By balances due from other banks .. 1,899 7 9 By bills receivable and other advances 55,174 9 0 By bank premises, furniture, and fit- tings .. .. .. .. .. 5,114 0 0 By stationery .. .. .. .. 615 3 7 By preliminary expenses.. .. .. 7,095 19 6 £124,475 17 7 PROFlT AND LOSS. Dr. To salaries paid head office and branches £1,232 6 8 To rent and other charges .. .. 210 3 8 To interest and exchange paid .. ..47 17 8 To balance of profit .. .. .. 479 12 6 £1,970 0 6 Cr. By interest and exchange received from 1st October to 31st December, 1866.. £1,970 0 6 CAPITAL ACCOUNT. Dr. To 21,812 £10 shares subscribed .. £218,120 0 0 Cr. By amount uncalled .. £152,684 0 0 By arrears of call .. 381 0 0 £153,065 0 0 By balance paid up .. .. .. 65,055 0 0 £218,120 0 0 SOUTHERN INSURACE COMPANY. The following is the fifth half-yearly report of this company:— " Your directors beg to submit the usual statement of accounts and balance- sheet for the half-year ending 31st December, 1866. Although the losses of the year have been exceptionally heavy, your directors refer with satisfaction to the statement, as exhibiting a steady increase in the business of the company. In addition to the losses paid during the half-year, it is estimated that £18,000 will be amply sufficient to cover every risk in respect of which there is, up to the present moment, any known claim. The method hitherto pursued in keeping the accounts has re- ceived the very, careful attention of your directors, especially as regards the manner of disposing of the balance of the general account, and the practice commended by the experience of well- established English companies has now been adopted, in so far as that no amount shall be carried from the underwriting account until a sufficient period has elapsed to ascertain the actual result of each year's operations. By this means the reserve fund will re- present actual realised profit. Your directors regret that the business of the past year does not admit of the declaration of a dividend. The three directors who retire at the present meeting are Messrs. James Lorimer, H. Selwyn Smith, and W. K .Thomson, all of whom are candidates for re-election. The share- holders will also be called upon to appoint auditors for the ensuing year. STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS. REVENUE From July 1 to December 31,1866. Balance profit and loss account June 30, 1866.. .. .. .. .. .. £5,903 18 9 Net premiums .. .. £47,759 4 0 Less returns and re-insur- ances .. .. .. 18,250 5 5 29,508 18 7 Interest received and accrued .. .. 3,849 7 8 Commissions.. .. .. .. .. 354 18 6 Transfer fees.. .. .. .. .. 42 0 4 Premium on fifty new shares .. .. 25 0 0 £39,684 3 10 EXPENDITURE From July 1 to December 31, 1866. Marine losses .. .. .. ..£28,956 0 6 Office furniture (for depreciation) .. 38 9 7 Office premises .. .. .. .. 70 14 6 Expenses-Salaries, £1,179 4s. 6d. ; rent, £150 ; ad- vertsing, £71 12s. 6d. ; stationery, &c.;, £141 1s. 6d. ; law expenses, £51 2s. 6d. ; sundries, £89 3s. 10d. .. .. .. .. £1682 4 10 London branch .. .. 886 13 3 Sydney branch .. .. 578 5 4 Agency commissions and charges .. .. .. 1,361 5 4 Directors' and auditors' fees 521 0 0 5,029 8 9 Balance .. .. .. .. ..5,589 10 6 £39,684 3 10 BALANCE-SHEET. LIABILITIES. Subscribed capital .. .. .. £353,400 0 0 Reserved fund .. .. .. .. 35,000 0 0 Bank of Australasia, London .. .. 8,323 3 8 Bills payable .. .. .. .. 6,057 1 3 Accounts owing by the company .. 3,345 9 7 Unclaimed dividends .. .. .. 37 3 0 Balance at the credit of revenue and expenditure account, as above .. 5,589 10 6 £511,752 7 7 ASSETS. Uncalled capital .. .. .. .. £362,720 0 0 Loans on mortgage .. .. .. 92,709 4 2 Fixed deposits in bank .. .. 20,000 0 0 Cash in Bank of Australasia .. .. 133 0 10 Accounts due to the company .. 7,989 9 10 Branch and agency balances .. .. 14,980 3 9 Bills receivable .. .. .. ..12,418 11 7 Office premises .. .. .. .. 70 14 5 Office furniture, head office and branches .. .. .. .. 731 3 0 £511,752 7 7 IMPORTS AND EXPORTS. The Bill of Entry for the port of Melbourne for the week ending the 12th inst. gives the imports at £306,468, and the exports at £219,074, the balance being in favour of the former to the amount of £85,394. The prin- cipal articles of colonial produce exported included—wool, 1,646,104lb. ; gold, 16,387oz. ; skins, No. 836 ; tallow, 24 tons. The fol- lowing table gives the imports and exports since the beginning of the year, as com- pared with the corresponding period of 1866:— Week ending/Imports / Exports 1866/ 1867 1866/1867 £ / £/ £/ £ Jan. 5 / 310,491/ 343,447/ 145,411 / 397,509 Jan. 12 / 256,717 / 373,050 / 182,470 / 263,480 Jan. 19 / 199,804 / 306,468 / 174,964 / 219,074 767,012 / 1,022,965 / 502,845 / 880,063 During the first period the account stood thus:— Imports .. .. .. .. £767,012 Exports .. .. .. .. 502,845 Balance of imports over exports .. £264,167 During the second period:— Imports .. .. .. .. £1,022,965 Exports .. .. .. .. 880,063 Balance of imports over exports .. £142,902 RAILWAY TRAFFIC. The following return shows the gross re- venue for passengers, &c.;, goods and live stock on the Murray River, Williamstown, and Ballarat lines of the Victorian Railways for the month of December, 1866:— Passengers, Parcels, Horses, Car- riages, Dogs, &c.; Murray River line .. .. Williamstown line .. .. Ballarat line .. Totals .. £ s. d. 14216 7 11 1232 14 2 13371 2 9 Goods and Live Stock. 28820 4 10 / 30007 19 10 / 58828 4 8 Total Revenue. £ s. d. 32369 10 6 3574 17 0 22892 17 2 Number of Passengers: —Murray line, 46,436 ; Williamstown line, 56,273½ ; Ballarat line, 43,258. Total, 145,967½. The following is a detailed return of the railway income for the year 1866:— Number of Passengers. 107,047|369,907 214,727|440,593| 1,132,274 Total. 309,770 570,477 252,027 Murray .. .. Williamstown.. Ballarat.. .. 217,913 / 12,405 / 5,696 / 6,148 / 5,145 /1,315 Bank Inte- rest. Murray .. Williamstown. Ballarat .. £ 11,816 6 1,497 94 / 13,320 / 327,595 / 589,635 / 392,631 Goods. £ 201,443 22,453 103,697 Total Re- venue. £ 338,779 36,619 214,236 Goods Ton- nage. £ 186,364 116,258 90,008 The length of railway open is 254 miles. On the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway the receipts for the four weeks ending December 27 amounted to £11,871 3s. 2d. FREIGHT AND SHIPPING REPORT. Messrs. DE BEER report:—-" Large shipments of produce have again been made to Great Britain during the month, the departures embracing the Echunga, Red Jacket, Percy, Pride of the Ocean, Royal Stand- ard, Lincolnshire, Dallam Tower, Champion of the Seas, Minden, Spray of the Ocean, and steamer Great Britain ; leaving on the berth, actively loading—the Swiftsure, Superb, Kent, Donald Mackay, Young England, Darra, and Forest Rights, all with the greater part of their cargoes engaged. Not- withstanding that wool has been so abundant, and freight room anxiously inquired after, no effort seems to have been made to obtain any advance on rates of freight, quotations being still the same as those ruling last month, viz.—three-eighths for greasy, and a half- penny for scoured wool. Wheat and flour would be taken at 35s. to 40s. per ton of twenty cwt. The de- mand for tonnage has been such that not a single ship of suitable character and capacity has been obliged to leave seeking. Only a limited demand has been experienced for ships for the conveyance of wheat to Britain, and the only engagement made is that of the Favourite, 422 tons register, to load here, at 40s. per ton. Inquiries have been current for a moderate amount of tonnage to load that cereal at Adelaide for same destination ; but up to this time the Alexandra, a small vessel, at 50s. per ton, for London, is the only transaction which has transpired. True to her antecedents, the favourite and well-known steamer Great Britain, with her respected commander, Captain Gray, made her appearance on the 26th ult., after a brilliant run of sixty days, and has again left as already noticed—with a full cargo and a large number of passengers. The Isabella Hercus was despatched for New York on the 12th inst., being the day originally appointed, with a full cargo of wool and other merchandise, be- sides about seventy passengers. Several vessels of moderate tonnage—viz., from 400 to 600 tons register —have left in search of employment, and there is still a fair number of similar capacity in port disengaged. There is some prospect of employment homewards for such, should wheat come more freely forward at Ade- laide, and the rate advance to about 50s. ; but as yet there is no indication of such a figure being offered. The Monarch has cleared for Hong Kong, with some cargo and about 450 Chinese passengers, which sup- piles the demand for the present. Chinese miners are still leaving this colony for the Otago gold- fields. Each steamer conveys a number thither, and the sailing vessel Torquil recently left with a full load of these people ; and it is reported that a ship may shortly be expected at Port Chalmers, Otago, direct from Hong Kong, with a cargo of Chinese. It is worthy of remark that the number of Chinese who have re- turned home during the past twelve months has been less than in any previous year. No charters have been effected to load for Europe at any of the Indian ports or those of China ; but there are more inquiries for ships to load coals at Newcastle thence, and 25s. is offered for Hong Kong, 33s. for Shanghai, and 15s. for Java, at which rates several engagements have been made. To load guano at Malden Island no charters have been effected. The Dutch barque Vooruit has been taken up to load coals at Newcastle for Manilla, and sugar and hemp thence to this port, on terms kept private. As respects small sailing vessels, business in the intercolonial trade is greatly depressed, the steamers to the various ports in New Zealand being preferred, they generally leaving this after shutting out cargo. For coals from Newcastle to Hobson's Bay the highest rate obtainable is 14s. per ton ; and in this traffic also the steamers employed now monopolise a considerable portion of the trade. Only two vessels have changed hands during the month, viz.—the Goldseeker, of 149 tons register, built at Hobart Town, in Tasmania, at £1,400 ; and the Sea Nymph, of 256 tons, built in United States of America, 1858, at £1,350. The screw steamers South Australian and Barwon were both offered at auction, but as the biddings did not come up to exposer's views they were withdrawn." STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. We report as follows of the mail month's business:— The year has opened heavily, and a serious decline has occurred in most stocks. For the fall there are special reasons in almost every case, besides some general ones. Government six per cent. debentures and bank stocks are suffering through the counter attraction of seven per cent. interest on deposits offered by the banks ; even more has, we hear, been given in particular cases. The insurance companies have suffered seriously, chiefly through marine losses, and there will be no dividends from any of them except the Victoria Fire and Ma- rine for some time. Mining stocks are in a state of prostration, after a few months of specu- lative excitement. Of course, with dull times and depression, come, as an inevitable concomitant, dis- coveries of bad management. There is no positive unsoundness, generally speaking ; and whilst many ventures will have to be abandoned, through the drain of capital which it would require to develop them, there are a great many which will soon give prosperous returns, and restore that public confidence which has for the present been rudely shaken. The dividends for the last four months of 1866 amounted to £279,980. Of this sum, £56,750 was divided by three banks and one insurance company. The balance was made up by £149,110 from alluvial, and £74,120 from quartz mines—together, £228,230, distributed by the joint stock mines ordinarily dealt in. The annual average from these would thus be £669,690. Since the last out- ward mail, and up to this evening, the dividends amount to £40,890, of which £8,000 was paid by the Mel- boume Gas Company. The balance of £32,890 con- sists of £22,680 from alluvial, and £10,210 from quartz mines. Amongst the closely approaching dividends are the following, which will probably be at the rates per annum we annex :—Hobson's Bay Railway, 10 per cent. ; Bank of Victoria, 10 per cent. ; Ballarat Bank, 10 per cent. : Collingwood Gas, 10 per cent. ; Bendigo Gas, 8 per cent. Debentures. —There have been some considerable sales of Victoria Government Debentures at 100½ for remittable bonds ex accrued interest ; those sold have but short cur- rency, or they would command a better price. Vic- toria Government Railway bonds (not being remit- table) have been placed at £99 ex interest, or equal to £101 cum interest at this date. No other debentures saleable, unless bearing more than six per cent. interest. Banks.—The Commercial Bank has sub- mitted its first balance sheet, for three months only, and shows a profit. The prospects are encouraging, and when the bank has a larger capital, it will probably take a leading position. Colonial Bank have suffered a slight decline. Sales at £7 10s., and downwards to £7 5s. ; at the correspond- ing period of 1866 they were saleable at £9 2s. 6d. National Bank have changed hands during the month at £5 5s., £5 4s., £5 3s. ; rumours of South Austra- lian losses are without foundation ; these shares are just £1 under the price a twelvemonth since ; some inquiry for shares on the London register. Bank of New South Wales are better ; £43, £43 10s. has been paid. Bank of Victoria, regarded as an investment, are dear ; £39 asked, and £38 offered. The Ballarat Bank shows profit about 16 per cent. per annum for the half-year. Gas Companies.—The Ballarat Gas Company has called up £1, making £7 paid. Bendigo sold at £3 7s. 6d. ; Collingwood changing hands at £6 4s. Melbourne Gas scarce, and sold at £4 1s. , cum div., and £3 17s. 6d. and £3 18s. 6d. ex div. The two last-named companies propose an arrangement for dividing the suburban districts between them. In- surance Companies.—Australasian Fire and Marine have been sold at about 30s. ; the reserve fund is lost, and some of the capital ; there is, however, a fine business and ample assets for any likely contingency ; a twelvemonth since these shares were over 80s. Australasian Life are at 12s., and thereabouts. The Southern Insurance Company's balance- sheet shows them to have sunk their half-year's premiums, and a few hundreds beyond ; no dividend declared ; 23s. would be given, and 25s. is asked ; some have been sold at 22s. on terms ; on 1st February, 1866, these shares were at 35s. Alliance Assurance are at 9s. buyers, 9s. 6d. sellers. Victoria Life offered at 27s. 6d., buyers 25s. 6d. Of Victoria Fire and Marine sales have been at £28, £27 10s. The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Rail- way Company have been sold at £58, £60. For latest detailed prices we refer to the list of transactions during the current week, viz.:—Victorian Government six per cent. debentures (waterworks, short dated, re- mittable), 100½ ; Victoria Government six per cent. debentures (Railway, local), 99 ; Commercial Bank, £2 10s. ; Colonial Bank, £7 5s., £7 6s. 6d. National Bank, £5 3s. ; Bank of New South Wales, £43 10s. ; Collingwood and Fitzroy Gas, £6 4s. ; Melbourne Gas £3 18s. 6d., ex dividend ; Melbourne and Hob- son's Bay United Railway, £58, £60 ; Derby, Maldon, £48, £50 ; Lady Barkly, Bendigo, 3s. 6d. ; Avoca Mining, £5 ; New Cosmopolitan, Ballarat, 10s.; Koh-i- noor, Ballarat, £15, £15 2s. 6d., £15 5s. ; Prince of Wales, Ballarat, £11 ; United Red Jacket, Ballarat, £4 7s. 6d., £4 15s., £4 17s. 6d. ; Ballarat Freehold, £15 5s. ; Great Redan Extended, £2 4s. ; Great Gulf, £5 2s. 6d., £5 10s. ; Hand and Band, £32 10s. ; Inker- mann and Durham, £3 5s., £3 7s. 6d., £3 17s. 6d., £4 2s. 6d., £5, £4 7s. 6d., £4 8s., £4 10s., £4 12s. 6d., £4 15s., £4 17s. 6d., £5 ; Privateer, £2 10s., £2 12s. 6d. ; Roseneath, £1 7s.; West Don, 7s. ; Warrior, £5 2s. 6d.,£5 5s. The dividends declared since last mail have been as follows:—For week ending December 31, 1866— Albion, Ballarat, 5s. per 6,647th ; Band of Hope (quartz), 4s. per share ; Buninyong 4s. per 4,000th ; Bute, 2s. per 2,000th ; Cambrian (quartz), £200 per 12th ; Happy-go-Lucky (quartz), £1 7s. 6d. per 800th ; Imperial, £4 per share ; Nil Desperandum, Raywood, 3d. per share ; Prince of Wales, Ballarat, 5s. per 8,343rd ; Royal Standard, Black River, 12s. 6d. per 1,600th ; Specimen-hill, Daylesford, 5s. per 1,085th ; Try Again, Springdallah, 15s. per 720th ; Victoria, Gaffney's Creek, 1s. 6d. per 1,200th. Week ending January 7, 1867:— Avoca Association, 5s. per 1,331st. ; Clunes Alluvial, 15s. per share ; Erin-go-bragh, Hiscock's (quartz), 15s. per 1,200th ; United Extended Band of Hope, 5s. per 12,800th ; United Sir William Don, £2 per 2,000th. Week ending 14th January—Advance Bendigo, £15 per 80th ; Comet, Bendigo, 9d. per 32,000th ; Lady Barkly, Bendigo, 6d. per 16,000th ; National, Bunin- yong, 5s. per 3,200th. Week ending 21st January— Albion, 5s. per 6,447th ; Buninyong, 10s. per 2,000th ; Himalaya, Majorca, 5s. per share ; Newington, 10s. per 2,000th ; United Sir William Don, £2 per 2,000th ; Wonderful Quartz, Daylesford, £1 per 180th. And up to Friday, 25th January—Melbourne Gas and Coke, at rate of eight per cent. per annum ; Band of Hope, quartz, Little Bendigo, 4s. per 960th ; Sons of Free- dom, Chiltern, 8s. per 6,344th ; Specimen-hill, Dayles- ford, 5s. per 1,088th. THE STOCK AND SHARE LIST. FRIDAY, JAN. 25. DEBENTURES. Amount of Loan / DEBENTURES. / Closing Prices. 940080 / Vict. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 6 per cent. / 98½-100 100000 / Aust. Past. Investment, 10 per cent. / — 10000 / Ballarat Water, 8 per cent. .. .. / 99-101 10000 / Collingwood Gas, 8 per cent. .. / — 5000 / Do., 7 per cent. .. .. .. / 99-100½ 200000 / General Fov., N.Z., 8 per cent. .. / — 30000 / Melbourne Gas, 7 per cent. .. .. / — 30300 / Melb. & H.B. United, 8 per cent. / — 135400 / Do., 7 per cent. .. .. .. / 100 103300 / Do., 6 per cent. .. .. .. / 97-99 100000/ Do., 5 per cent. .. .. .. / 81 20000 / Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cent. .. / — 50000 / Otago Provincial Gov., 8 per cent. / 100 Capital Paid-up./Shares./Paid-up./PUBLIC COMPANIES./Last div. per cent. per annum/Closing Prices. £ / £ / £ / BANKS. / /£ 30000 / 10 / 3½/Bal. Bankg. (limit)/ — / 3 437500 / 10 / 7/ Colonial of Austral. / 8 / 7¼-7¾ 75000 / 10 / 3 / Commercial Of Australia (limited).. /—/49s-51s 540000 / 5 / 4 / National of Austral./ 10 / 5½-5-¼ 1000000 /20 / 20 / New South Wales.. / 18 / 43-44 500000 / 50 / 25 / Victoria (Mel.reg.) Do. (London reg.) / 10 / 38-39/40-41 GAS COMPANIES. 35000 / 10 / 7 / Ballarat .. .. / 12 / 7½-7 [illegible] 24908 / 5 / 5 / Bendigo .. .. / 8 / 3¼-3 [illegible] 14990 / 5 / 5 / Castlemaine .. / 6 / — 60000 / 5 / 5 / Collingw'd & Fitzroy/ 12 / 6 1/8-6¼ 2980 / 10 / 10 / Daylesford (limited) / 10 / — 24430 / 5 / 4 / Geelong .. .. / 10 / — 200000 / 5/ 5/ Melbourne / 8 / 3¼-4 (10 / 10 ) Melbourne / 8 / 7¾-8 INSURANCE. 100000 / 5 / 2 / Austral.Fire & Mar./ 10 / 29-31 25000 / 5 / ½ / Australasian Life .. / — / 11½s-12½s 20000 / 5 / ½ / Australian Alliance. / 10 / 9s-9½s 100000 / 5 / 1 / Southern Insurance / — / 22½-24½s 40000 / 50 / 1 / Victoria Life & Gen./ 10 / 25s-27½s 100000 / 50 / 25 / Victoria Fire & Mar./ 8 / 27-29 MISCELLANEOUS. 190000 / — / — / Aust. Past. Invest. / — / — 5156 / 1 / 1 / Aërated Bread .. / — / — 48370 / 5 / 5 / Bendigo Waterwork / — / 8s-10s 17875 / 10 / 5 / Gipps Lnd. SteamN. / — / — 3000 / 5 / 5 / Hob BayR.SeaBath/ 6 / — 12333 / 50 / 50 / Melbourne Exch'nge / 6 / — 50000 / 5 / 5 / Ovens Waterworks. / — / 2s 6d 4777 / 1 / 4s / Quedong Copper .. / — / 2s 6d 12000 / 1 / 1 / Studley Park Bridge / 6 / — 7000 / 20 / 20 / Victorian Ice .. / 6 / — RAILWAYS. 534700 / 50 / 50 / Melb.&Hob.Bay; Ud. / 10 / 58-60 1750 / 5 / ½ / Sand. Inglew., and Loddon Dis.Tram./ — / — THE REVENUE. The tables of revenue for the quarter and the year ending 31st December last, have appeared in the Gazette. We find that there is an increase of £6,237 (in round num- bers) on the quarter, as compared with the same period of 1865 ; but a decrease of £109,909 on the year—the total receipts having been £2,948,429 as against £3,058,338. Under the head of Customs there are slight increases on the quarter on spirits, tobacco, coffee, malt, and wharfage and harbour rates, and of £27,436 on "all other duties," excepting wine, ale, cigars, sugar, opium, rice, and hops. The decrease in the tea duty is £21,286, and in the export duty on gold, £5,139. In nearly every item however, there is a decrease in the receipts for the year. In coffee, there is an increase of £608 ; hops, £919 ; and wharfage rates, £8,412. The decreases are as follow:—Spirits, £51,631 ; wine, £6,027 ; ale, £4,203 ; tobacco, £9,200 ; cigars, £3,650 ; tea, £72,241 ; sugar and mo- lasses, £27,959 ; opium, £9,621 ; rice, £2,382 ; malt, £542 ; the export duty on gold, £20,840 ; and all other duties, £6,649. The deficit in this department on the year is £205,011, or nearly double the total deficit on the year. The Excise department embraced four items only, and on two there is an increase, and on two a decrease for the year. Spirits returned an increase of £12,349 ; and auctioneers' licences, £1,107. Pub- licans' licences, however, show a decline of £4,293, and "all other licences" of £1,335. The increase under the head of "territorial revenue" for the quarter is £26,230, and for the year, £81,246. Sales of land increased by £2,792 on the quarter, but decreased on the year by £1,774. Rents and selections in- creased by £206 on the quarter, and £41,004 on the year. Pastoral occupation showed an improvement on the quarter of £10,577, but of £3,585 only on the year. Fees, leases, and licences exhibited an increase for the three months of £9,786, and of £27,774 on the year. On the quarter the rents of leases under the Amending Land Act increased by £8,481, and on the year by £27,418. Miners' rights decreased by £11,923 ; business licences by £3,652, and leases of auriferous lands by £1,596. On the quarter there is a decrease of £1,101 on the comparative income of the railways ; and of £14,070 in that of water supply ; while the telegraphic depart- ment improved by £27. On the year, how- ever, the increase on the railways amounted to £5,929 ; water supply, £28,788 ; and telegraphs, £721. In tonnage dues the year's increase was £1,407 ; and in pilot age at outports, £157. In postage and money orders there is a decrease on the quarter of £7,345, and of £8,302 on the year. All descriptions of fees returned less in the quarter than in the same period of 1865 ; but on the year there was an in- crease in the Supreme Court and petty sessions fees, but a decrease in those of general sessions and county courts and courts of mines ; while "all other fees" declined on the year by no less than £7,334. Fines, also decreased enormously both on the quarter and the year, "all other fines" than those of the Supreme Court, general sessions, county courts, and petty sessions, having fallen off by £16,233 on the quarter, and by £15,499 on the year. Under the head of "miscellaneous" there is an increase for the quarter on all the items, that of "all other receipts" alone being £15,106 ; or an increase on the year of £3,820. During the quarter £735 was received for tea. £161 for sugar, and £508 for opium duties on account of the year 1865. These, we presume, were portions of the uncollected duties of that year. The following is a comparative statement of the net revenues of Victoria received during and on account of the quarters and years ending 31st December, 1865 and 1866 respec- tively:— HEADS OF REVENUE. Quarter ending. Dec. 31, Dec. 31, 1865\. 1866. I.—CUSTOMS Import duties— On Spirits .. Wine.. .. Ale, porter. &c.; .. .. Tobacco and snuff .. Cigars .. Tea .. .. Sugar and mo- lasses .. Coffee, chi- cory, cocoa, and choco- late .. Opium .. Rice .. .. Hops.. .. Malt.. .. Wharfage and harbour rates Export duty on gold .. All other du- ties.. .. Total Customs.. II.—EXCISE. Spirits distilled in Victoria .. Publicans' licences Auctioneers' do... All other licences. Total excise .. III.—TERRI- TORIAL. Sale of land by auction.. .. Accrued from rents and selec- tions .. .. Pastoral occupa- tion, &c.; .. Fees, leases, and licences.. .. Rents of leases under Amend- ing Act.. .. Miners' rights .. Business licences.. Leases of aurifer- ous lands .. Other licences and leases .. .. Total territorial Year ending Dec. 31,|Dec. 31, 1865.* 1866. £ 107,845 11,396 8,111 20,527 3,251 37,954 23,968 3,326 5,169 4,180 1,146 2,047 20,674 25,113 21,504 305,218 4,497 8,818 1,577 1,555 16,449 IV.—INCOME FROM PUBLIC WORKS. Railway Income.. Water supply.. Electric telegraph. Total public works .. V.—PORTS AND HARBOURS. Tonnage.. .. Pilotage (at out- ports) .. .. Total ports and harbours .. £ 111,109 11,295 7,391 31,890 2,494 16,667 22,096 3,384 5,147 3,157 1,032 2,167 22,846 19,973 48,941 309,595 6,807 7,581 1,873 1,749 18,011 £ 503,345 46,508 31,846 131,331 13,473 113,806 104,292 13,091 28,371 16,348 5,344 7,657 85,690 102,752 152,579 1 359 438 £ 451,714 40,481 30,643 122,131 9,822 41,564 76,332 13,699 18,750 13,965 6,263 7,114 94,103 81,912 145,929 1 154 427 16,821 10.487 3,270 7,392 43,971 120,216 52,132 31,963 7,657 35,736 4,907 1,740 5,417 123,008 52,339 42,540 17,443 44,217 2,334 660 3,274 180 259,769 285,999| 177,568 176,467 33,000 18,929 9,324 9,352 219,894 204,749 2683,563 141,848 131,920 20,369 106,830 25,231 15,218 29,170 12,193 4,377 6,057 51,799 266,789 182,853 135,506 48,143 134,248 13,307 7,795 4,142 13,621 410 560,974 33,000 33,890 627,865 3,418 4,378 54 85 17,221 165 3,472 4,464 VI.—POSTAGE [dagger].. VII.—FEES. Supreme Court .. General Sessions & County Courts.. Courts of Mines.. Courts of Petty Sessions .. All other fees .. Total fees .. VIIl.—FINES AND FORFEITURES. Supreme Court .. General Sessions & County Courts.. Courts of Petty Sessions .. All other fines .. Total fines, and forfeitures .. IX.—MISCELLANE- OUS. Rents, exclusive of land .. .. Government prin- ter .. .. Labour of pri- soners .. .. Storage of gun- powder.. .. Sale of Govern- ment property.. All other receipts. Total miscella- neous.. ,,, Total revenue.. 33,820 26,475 4,290 1,136 171 3,098 13,331 4,103 865 141 2,959 9,291 22,028 Net increase on the quarter .. Net decrease on the year .. 1,259 17,105 1,398 382 319 480 5,470 8,699 887,800 17,361 1,010 871 1,230 1,945 848 344 615 20,577 17,387 566,903 61,788 34,612 663,305 18,629 323 18,952 134,117 17,109 4,304 645 10,694 43,710 76,465 6,287 18,218 25,058 2,481 5,367 3,791 1,049 4,436 39,129 25,562 50,250 125,815 17,423 3,779 554 11,383 36,376 4,448 2,719 7,788 2,635 5,191 2,803 1,489 2,729 42,950 57,800 894,038 3 058 338 887,800 2 948 429 6,237 109,909 *The figures in this column are those of the audited Finance Statement for 1865, to 31st December of that year. [dagger] Including receipts under " Money Orders." [double dagger] The amount of refunds is £63 0s. 3d. more than hat of revenue. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Friday, Jan. 25. In the import market business for a great part of the month has been characterised by a fair amount of animation, more so than usual at this period. In the beginning of the month trade was a good deal broken into by the holidays, but when once people settled down again, every indication of an improvement was evinced, and a satisfactory trade has since been done, at, in many instances, advanced rates for goods. Bulk ales and stout are neglected. Cornsacks have slightly declined. Candles have risen consider- able in value. Cements are a trifle lower. Coffee presents a firmer aspect. Fish has met with some notice. In breadstuffs, wheat has largely changed hands for local use as well as for export. Californian oats have also been dealt in to a consider- able extent. New hops have been taken up to a fair extent, and malt has been extensively purchased during the past few days. Metals, oils, oilmen's stores, quicksilver have had little or no attention bestowed upon them. Provisions are firmer, and tend upwards. Rice has been wanted for shipment. In salt, sugars, as likewise timber, an extensive trade has been done. Tea, tobacco, wines and spirits have not attracted much attention. Ale and Stout.—The market for bulk ales through- out the month has maintained a most inanimate appearance, and a more useful lesson could not possi- bly be afforded to English shippers as to the necessity of confining their shipments to this quarter within a moderate compass than the fact that though, for more than two months previous to the time when new beers are expected to arrive, the market has been cleared of all the brands, except two, for years past in large supply at this period, and selling at ruinous prices, from say £2 to £4, not the slightest altera- tion in prices has been caused thereby. For the few moderate lots of Bass's No. 3 ale disposed of during the month £7 5s. and £7 10s. has only with difficulty been realised. Sales of the Carlisle Company's ale have been made at £6 15s., £7, and £7 5s., according to quantities, disposed of in a line ; these are the only brands offering. The trade done in bulk stout has also been trifling, no inclination whatever to deal in the article having been evinced ; quotations are in consequence merely nominal. Taylor, Walker, and Co.'s is quoted £6 15s., but to effect sales and get rid of stock as low as £6 has been accepted, and even with this concession it is difficult to make much progress in sales. Whitbread's has been quitted in trade parcels at £6 10s., and sales of the Lion Brewery stout have been made at prices rising from £6 5s. to £6 15s. ; £7, however, has been obtained for any parcels of the Artillery Brewery Company's disposed of. Bottled ales—with the exception of Tennant's, which has been largely wanted at 9s. 6d., every shipment coming to hand being cleared off before landing at this price, like- wise parcels to arrive, and even these have been incapable of meeting the demand—have generally been in very slow sale. Blood's has been placed at 9s. 3d., and for Arrol's 9s. 1½d. has been required. Bass's triangle has found buyers at 8s. 9d. to 9s. Trade sales of Muir's have been made at 8s. 9d., and Allsopp's has realised a similar figure. Aitken's, Younger's, and Jeffrey's, have been quitted at 8s. 6d., while for Richardson's, and Morice Cox and Co.'s, holders have been compelled to be content with 8s. ; we may however state that, to get rid of any quantity in a line, much lower prices would have to be accepted. The demand for bottled stout has in like manner been extremely moderate, but a more steady demand than that for ale has been experienced, and quotations, though for trade purposes only, can be more depended on. Our quotations for most brands show a trifling decline on last month's rates. Edmonds' pig brand has been quitted at 10.s 3d. Henry White and Co.'s realises 10s. ; though for a shipment forced on the market, 1s. less was accepted. Stocks of Barke's having run bare, and the brand being in good request, importers have advanced their rates to 10s. 3d. Arrol's has been maintained at 9s. 9d. ; sales of Machen's have been made at 9s. 3d. to 9s. 6d. ; for Dunphy's 9s. can be obtained, but not more ; holders of Hibbert's have stood out for 8s. 9d., but not having succeeded in realising this figure, would accept of less money ; for Barclay's, Tyrer's bottling, 8s. 6d. to 8s. 9d. would be taken ; Byass's has been disposed of at 8s. 3d. to 8s. 6d. Bagging.—Cornsacks being in season, it was fully anticipated that a large trade would be done this month, but though there have been nu- merous inquiries, it was not until this week, and then only when a slight reduction was conceded, that any sales could be effected. About 150 bales of Dundees, at 13s. 3d., and fifty bales of Calcuttas at 13s., have since been disposed of. An improvement is, however, very confidently predicted. No business has transpired in woolpacks, unless the sale of a few lots at 3s. 4½d., to clear out for the season, can be so termed. Gunny bags are held for 10s. 6d., but, as the season's demand has not yet commenced, no sales worth referring to have been reported. A speculative purchase of 150 bales was made at the close of last month at 8s. 6d. Boots and Shoes.—A large business has been done in these at improving rates, many bundled cases hav- ing been disposed of through the auction mart at im- proving prices. The latest sale reported is that of 167 cases, the manufacture of Messrs. A. and W. Flatau, London. The attendance of the trade was good, the bidding spirited, and the prices realised showed an advance upon invoice of from twenty-five to fifty per cent., and were as follows:—Women's cashmere boots, elastic sides, 3s. 8d. to 4s. 6d. ; do. kid do., 5s. 3d. to 7s. 6d. ; do. do., Denmarks, 7s. 6d. ; men's elastic side, 8s. 3d., 10s. to 12s. ; do. shooting do., 8s. 3d. to 8s. 6d. ; children's kid do., 1s. 10d. to 2s. 6d. Candles.—Though the market has been exceedingly bare of stock for some time past, it was not until well on in the month that this fact was forced upon the notice of the dealers, when the purchase of about 3,000 boxes at 10¾d. to 11d. cleared the market of all offering, and prices rapidly rose to 1s. 1d., at which the market closes very firm. At auction, 12¾d. was realised for brands not in much repute. The Neva Company's price has been advanced to 13d. Cement.—No transactions in the open market have been brought under our notice, importations as they arrived having gone direct into the hands of the trade, making it rather a difficult matter to give a reliable quotation in the absence of sales. To test the market, quotations have nominally ruled at 16s. 6d. to 17s. 6d. for Portland ; this week, however, for a small parcel sold at auction, 15s. 6d. was realised for Hilton's, and 16s. for Knight, Bevan, and Sturge's. There is no stock of American plaster ; for parcels arriving now 21s. to 22s. ought to be got. Chemicals.—The market in some items has pre- sented an improving tendency. Soda crystals have gradually advanced until £10 has been touched ; transactions, however, have not been extensive. Car- bonate of soda is rather weaker, being quoted at 33s. to 35s. Cream of tartar is quitted at 1s. 3d., and sales of tartaric acid have been made at 2s. 3d. A shipment of acetic acid has been disposed of at 5½d. per lb. Flour of sulphur continues to be disposed of at £21 to £22 for entire shipments ; £19 to £19 10s., however, is taken. Arsenic is almost unsaleable ; we quote £10. Chicory.—But a very moderate trade has been done, at 2¾d. in bond for best brands ; but towards the close of the month prices somewhat stiffened. Coffee,—There has been no speculation in the market ; but with a steady trade demand stocks are getting rapidly reduced. The trade have hitherto purchased No. 1 Plantation at 10¼d., and secondary qualities at 9½d to 9¾d. At those figures a line of about thirty tons changed hands, and the market has of late assumed a firmer aspect, as, with the ex- ception of that held by one importing firm, the whole stock in the place is in the hands of the trade. Stocks of Java are not heavy ; fair to good samples are saleable at 8¾d. to 9½d. Native Ceylon is wanted at 8½d. A shipment of Manilla, for which 8d. was re- quired, has not been disposed of at within three farthings at least of this figure. Confectionery.—Assorted confections have im- proved in value. One shipment of fifty cases of Keiller's was placed, to arrive, in a line, and the rate for trade parcels has since advanced to 10¾d. Sales of Wotherspoon's are effected at 10¼d. Jujubes are readily saleable at 13d. Candied peel has been dis- posed of at 10d. to 10½d. for orange and lemon, and 1s. for citron. Cordage.—The market is very firm, but though we note a very brisk trade inquiry, yet as the trade done is entirely in the hands of the local manufacturers, there is little or no room for imported descriptions, as, by comparing prices, it will be seen that there is almost no difference existing between the cost in England and the prices now ruling here. For cordage under one inch size, 7½d. is required ; for large size, over one inch, £58 is accepted. Large sizes imported Manilla are valued at £47 to £48, medium to small sizes bring £54 to £56. Isle of Man rope, medium to large size, is worth £51 to £52. Russian cordage is quitted in trifling lots at £62 to £63. Europe rope is quite neglected [illegible]d quotations rule nominal at £32 to £35. Bengal l[illegible]s are quoted £36 to £38 ; no sales, how- ever, can be effected, and when forced off at auction, as low as £28 has been taken. Seaming twine realises 12d. to 12½d.,and coloured twine has been sold at 13d. Fish.—The market commands some degree of notice. Ling has not altered during the month. There are a few holders in the market who refuse to accept the prices going, but any shipments placed on the market do not realise over 4½d. for quantities, and up to 4¾d. for smaller lots. Sales of white herrings, in half- barrels, are effected at 32s. to 34s. ; 1lb. fresh herrings have been disposed of at 8s. 3d. to 8s. 6d. Red her- rings, in tins, are quitted at 33s. to 35s. 1lb. salmon, after touching 17s. 6d., have again declined to 16s. 6d. —a shipment of Californian was quitted at a trifle under this price, 15s. The low price to which sar- dines have been reduced has directed attention to the article, and has led to sales to the extent of about 800 cases during the last ten days, at 8s. to 8s. 3d. for halves, and 5s. 3d. for quarters, and prices have since somewhat stiffened. One-pound oysters are offering at 9s. 3d. to 9s 6d. ; and sales of lobsters are effected at 7s. 3d. to 7s. 6d. Fruits.—The demand for all sorts is limited ; the absence, however, of anything like good samples of currants has caused the price of this fruit to harden of late ; we quote, 4d. Muscatel raisins realise 8d. to 8½d. Elemes have found purchasers at up to 7¼d. to 7½d. Cape meet with a ready sale at 7¼d. Figs com- mand 7d. to 7½d. Flour and Grain.—No improvement can be noted in the market for breadstuffs. Purchasers for English account have been able to operate here, but to a limited extent, nearly all that could be got fit for shipment having last month been taken up. Large orders were again received by the mail just to hand, but in most cases at limits which could not be exe- cuted in this market, even though suitable parcels could have been met with ; but we learn that about 200,000 bushels have been purchased in Adelaide for the home market ; and, notwithstanding absurd rumours abroad that the banks had refused to nego- tiate drafts against this produce, over eight large vessels are now loading for England. We cannot report any improvement in prices in the face of so bountiful a harvest as we are led to expect both here and in Ade- laide ; and so much has this been felt that Chilian flour, held for over twelvemonths for an improve- ment, in despair of such has been, to the extent of 7,000 bags, sent away to seek a better market else- where. We also learn that one of our most enter- prising local millers intends testing the London market with his Victorian-made flour, and that a shipment will most likely be despatched by the Swiftsure. The price of Adelaide-made town flour has remained throughout the month at £12 10s. For country brands prices have ruled at £11 10s., and for Californian at £11 10s. to £12. Chilian wheat is now firm at 4s. 9d. for really sound, and Californian and South Australian are quoted 5s. to 5s. 3d. for small lots. For quantities, the price is open to nego- tiation. The following are the transactions of the month:—Towards the close of December the market, owing to continued arrivals from the west coast of America, assumed a heavier look, the Jeanne Pierre and Sea Nymph having reached this port at the period named. In the week ending 7th January, some 8,000 bushels Chilian wheat, taken up for export at 4s. 6d., was the only sale recorded, and besides other trade sales, some forty tons Californian flour were placed at £12. By advices via Panama 10th November, it was ascertained that the William Cole and Louisa Khon were loading for Sydney, and the General Cobb and Commodore for Melbourne. Ad- vices from Valparaiso reach to 2nd November. During the following week no private sales were mentioned, but 200 tons Californian flour was disposed of by auction at £11, and 6,000 bushels Chilian wheat, in faulty condition, realised 4s. 4d. to 4s. 7d. During the same week the Centaur, from San Francisco, with 956 bags barley and 2,191 bags wheat, put in an appearance. Last week, some 8,000 bushels Chilian wheat were purchased for ship- ment. The sale of the Chilian wheat, 12,000 bushels, per Henriques Theodore, pending since the week before, was also confirmed. The Centaur's Cali- fornian wheat was disposed of at 5s. net. The Sea Nymph's shipment of 2,000 bags changed hands at somewhat under this figure, and another shipment of about 18,000 bushels was placed in parcels at 4s. 9d. net, all for local use. The William Cole, with 1,000 tons of breadstuffs, from San Francisco, arrived at Sydney on the 17th. The sale of a parcel of faulty Chilian 2,500 bushels, at 4s 3d., is recorded this week, but this is the extent of what has transpired. The arrival of the Harvest Home, from Cali- fornia was reported on the morning of the 24th. Oats have maintained a very dull aspect ; some 60,000 bushels Californian forced on the market realised from 3s. 3d. to 3s. 7d. Colonial have like- wise been slow of sale ; we quote 4s. 3d. for good samples, and 3s. 7d. to 3s. 10d. for inferior. In barley, nothing beyond trifling sales for trade pur- poses has come under our notice at 3s. to 3s. 1½d. Maize has improved in value, and now commands 4s. 5d. to 4s. 6d. Bran has ruled at 1s. 2d. to 1s 3d. Colonial oatmeal has been reduced to £25 to £26. Scotch oatmeal is valued at £20. Scotch peal barley realises 23s. to 24s. Gunpowder.—Blasting powder, which was supposed to have seen its lowest, is in a worse condition, if that were possible, than reported last month. No sales have been effected of late. For ordinary brands we quote 4¾d. ; and for Kame's 5d. to 5¼d. Hops.—Notwithstanding the high rates ruling in England, prices of new hops have dropped consider- ably here. Brewers' parcels of '66 have been disposed of at 2s. 3d. to 2s. 4d., but as low as 2s. has had to be accepted to quit parcels. The chief holders of '65 as well as '66 are sanguine of very much higher rates ruling, and therefore in the meantime refuse to name a price. '65 hops range at from 1s. 6d. to 1s. 10d. Malt.—This article, which has for the greater part of the month been comparatively neglected, has within the last ten days shown very considerable activity ; stocks are light, and in ordinary circumstances advices from England are of such a nature as could not fail to have sent up prices to 15s., but the large supplies of Californian barley on hand having turned attention to colonial malt, this description has gone largely into consumption, and kept the price of English-made malt within reasonable bounds. Since the mail arrived prices have fallen somewhat and enabled dealers to operate ; in consequence, some 26,000 bushels must have changed hands within the last ten days or so, at prices rising from 10s. 6d. to 11s., and we believe that as much as 11s. 6d. was paid for four bins said to be of very superior quality ; we cannot, however, quote as yet over 11s. 3d. to 11s. 6d. for trade parcels. Metals.— The tone of this market has shown no im- provement during the month. Pig iron has continued stationary, and no sales of the slightest consequence have come under our observation. Prices remain as quoted last month, £3 17s. 6d. to £4. Kentledge and hematite have met with some inquiry at £4 5s. Gal- vanised iron is in fair request ; Scotch is a shade firmer, and the quality has so much improved as to enable it to rank with the commoner brands of Eng- lish. A good many damaged parcels of English offered by auction have been taken off the market. Prices for Scotch remain steady at £25 for 24 gauge, £27 10s. for 26 gauge, and £28 15s. to £29 for 28 gauge. English ordinary brands realise £29 for 26 gauge ; for the best makes, £31 to £32 is realised. Bar and rod iron keeps in fair trade demand at £11 to £11 10s., the market not having been pressed by forced sales of late. Boiler plate is quite neglected, and prices are nominal at £12 10s. to £12 15s. Sheet iron continues without change ; low numbers are quoted at £12 10s., and high numbers at £13 10s. The demand for hoop iron, owing to the advanced season, has very much lessened though quotations are still maintained at £12 and £13, according to condition and number. Fencing wire has been slow of sale, the demand having been of the most retail character for some time past. Quotations are steady at £12, £13, and £14 for Nos. 4, 5, and 6 rolled ; and £16, £17, and £18 10s. to £19 for Nos. 6, 7, and 8 drawn ; a reduction on these prices, how- ever, has to be submitted to before large parcels can be quitted. Pig lead attracts more notice, but without as yet causing any change in our quo- tation of £24 to £24 10s. Sheet lead is also receiv- ing more attention, speculative purchases having been made at £26. Pipe lead is quiet, at £26 10s. to £27. Shot is heavy in stock, and the market is extremely dull at £26 10s. to £27. Tin plates are wanted, and any lots arriving are readily picked up at forty per cent. advance. Muntz metal meets with buyers at 10d. Ewbank's nails are in fair supply, and sales are made at 12½ per cent. to 15 per cent. off list. Ameri- can cut nails are in good demand, at 22s. 6d. to 23s. for large, and up to 26s. for small size. American hardware is without animation. Collins' or Sharpe's heavy axes are held for 72s., and the same makers' heavy picks realise 40s. to 42s. Ames's No. 3 L.H. shovels command 57s. 6d. Day's D.H. bring 38s. In holloware a somewhat improved feeiing has been experienced, at, however, unaltered rates—viz., 35 per cent. to 40 per cent. off list. Oils.—The market generally has been free from excitement. The Alpha, about the middle of the month, arrived with 9,000 cases kerosene, and the market was somewhat stimulated thereby, but owing to the stiffness of holders business was checked. Last week, in consequence of a rumour in circulation that the James Guthrie, from New York hence, with 9,000 cases kerosene on board, had met with damage and must be detained for some time, a little excitement was created in the oil ; but owing to the advanced rates required by holders, the business done during the week was comparatively small ; about 1,500 cases may have been sold, and the market closes with prices firm 3s. 2d. to 3s. 3d. for best brands, and at 3s. for ordinary brands. Castor oil has an improved value, as stocks have pretty well disappeared from the market. There are buyers now at 4s. 7½d. to 4s. 9d. Linseed only meets with moderate trade attention, at 4s. for bulk, and 4s. 4½d. for drums. Colza oil is de- clining, stocks are heavy, and large quantities are ad- vised as on the way ; we quote 4s. 9d. to 5s. for bulk, and 5s. 3d. to 5s. 6d. for drums. Olive is inactive, at 5s. 6d. for bulk, 6s. for drums. Chinese oil is still barely supplied, and such lots as are offered are readily quitted at 6s. per gallon. Lard oil is valued at 7s. 6d., but the supply is scanty. Palm oil brings £46, and cocoa-nut oil £43. Oilmen's Stores.—In stores the business done has not been extensive, the auction sales, the chief outlet for such goods, having been so much interrupted by a month so broken into by holidays as the present usually is ; but as it is clear that the practice of forcing sales, to the loss and ruin of traders gene- rally, is now over, for some time at least, owing to the diminution of stocks, it is hoped that a more healthy tone will pervade the market for the future. About 5,000 cases altogether may have changed hands in the course of the month. Prices rule as folllow :— For pickles we quote 6s. 9d. to 8s. 1d., and up to 9s. 3d. Bottled fruits are disposed of at 9s. to 10s. 1lb. jams (English) command 8s. to 8s. 6d. Salad oil in quarts realise 20s. to 23s. ; pints bring 10s. 6d. to 11s., and half-pints 6s. 9d. to 7s. 6d. Half-pints castor oil are quitted at 5s. 3d. Sauces are saleable at 6s. to 6s. 6d. Colman's mustard in 7lb. tins is wanted at 8¼d. ; other brands are disposed of down to 7d. Colman's 1lb. tins are placed at 11s. to 11s. 6d. Sales of Col; man's blue are reported at 9¼d. White starch is scarce, and saleable at 5½d. Blue starch is moved off but very slowly at 4¼d. Sago is firm at 2½d. to 2¾d. Maccaroni and vermicelli are quoted 9d. to 10d. Black pepper is dull of sale at 3½d. to 3¾d., and white pepper is valued at 9d. per lb. Provisions. —There has been no general trade demand for hams and bacon, but as stocks have not been excessive, and shipments coming forward are light, one or two buyers, in anticipation of an im- provement, have been induced to operate to some ex- tent, and stocks mostly now lie with two firms, so that any demand setting in must make a considerable alteration in prices. No hams or bacon of Varey's or Sinclair's can be got now under 1s. 2½d., duty paid, but there is little doing as yet. Outside brands have been sold at 1s. to 1s. 1d. Any shipment of Campbell's which have come forward have turned out very supe- rior, and have given general satisfaction. Cheese is in fair request at 12d. to 12½d. Owing to a week's drought, butter began to be inquired for ; the de- mand, however, subsided as suddenly. Quicksilver.—Prices have gradually advanced to 2s. 3d., at which, however, there are more sellers than buyers. Sales throughout the month have been very insignificant. Rice.—Patna has not commanded the notice of speculators. The market in Sydney, however, is so exceedingly bare as to cause no uneasiness on that score. A great proportion of the sales lately made have been for export to that colony. On the 14th inst., the shipments ex Aurifera, Charlie Palmer, and Thetis were offered at auction, but there being no dis- position to purchase evinced, the whole had to be withdrawn. Trade parcels of the Aurifera's have been placed privately at £26 to £26 10s. ; for other descrip- tions we quote £24 to £25. One or two parcels have likewise been purchased on Sydney account, and stocks have been reduced to 700 tons. Dressed Java rice has been sold at £22 15s., but for superior mill- dressed we quote £24 to £28, according to quality. Salt.—This product has been looked on with more favour, and over 1,200 tons have changed hands during the month. No immediate effect has been created in the market ; but it is fully anticipated, as soon as dealers become practically aware of the ex- tent to which stocks have been reduced, prices will advance. A good deal of old inferior lots are still to be met with ; but for really prime parcels holders have advanced their prices to £4 5s. for coarse and £4 15s. to £5 for fine. Slates.—A shipment of 60,000 blue Bangor slates was quitted by auction this week, at £16 for 22 x 12, £13 for 20 x 10, and £11 for 18 x 10. Sugar.—A large trade has been done in this staple, and of late an improvement in value to the ex- tent of at least £2 per ton has been esta- blished. On the 31st ult. the cargo of Mauritius sugars ex Hannah Nicholson was offered for sale, when the entire cargo, consisting of 4,927 bogs, found buyers ; on rations and medium counters a slight de- cline had to be submitted to, but on the finer de- scriptions of crystals an advance of 15s. per ton was realised. The prices obtained ranged from 22s. 6d. to 24s. 3d. for rations, 28s. for low counters, 32s. to 32s. 6d. for good counters, to 34s. 3d. for fine, 32s. 9d. to 33s. 6d. for yellow, and 38s. to 38s. 6d. for white crystals. On the 7th instant the cargo of Mauritius sugar per Jane was offered for sale. This cargo consisted of 5,718 bags, every bag of which was sold at from 22s. to 23s. 3d. for low rations, to 26s. for good, 27s. 6d. to 28s. 9d. for browns, 30s. to 30s. 6d. for low counters, 32s. to 32s. 9d. for good do., 33s. to 33s. 9d. for fine do., 32s. 9d. to 34s. 3d. for yellow crystals. 38s. to 38s. 9d. for white do. On the 11th, the Java sugar per Krimpenerwaard (23,000 bags) was disposed of, rea- lising 26s. for browns, 31s. 6d. for low grey, 35s. to 35s. 9d. for greyish white, and 37s. for white. Up- wards of 4,000 bags—a portion of the Countess of Seafield's Mauritius sugars—were offered at same time, and 3,639 bags were quitted at 29s. for brown, 31s. 6d. to 32s. for fine brown, 34s. for yellow crystal, and 39s. to 39s. 6d. for white crystals, prices which established 20s. advance on late sales. On the 14th instant, the Eva Joshua's cargo was offered by public sale, and out of the 5,733 bags offered the auctioneers succeeded in placing 3,588 bags, at 25s. for rations, 29s. 9d. for browns, 34s. to 35s. for good white counters, 33s. 6d. to 34s. 3d. for yellow crystals, and 37s. 6d. to 39s. for good white crystals. On the same day a parcel of 1,000 bags good counters was placed privately at 32s. ; and subsequently about 2,000 bags yellow Mauritius crystals were placed at an advance of 10s. ; and ere the close of the week a rise of at least 30s. per ton was confirmed by sales effected. Advices to 12th December, received from Mauritius, reported a rise of 2s. there, with a speculative demand, and the probability of a further rise, and imparted confidence to holders. On the 21st, the cargo of the Formosa, from Mauritius, consisting of 6,702 bags Mauritius sugar, was offered by public sale, when the auctioneers succeeded in selling 5,000 bags, at 31s. to 32s. for browns, 35s. 3d. to 36s. for yellow crystals and counters, 39s. to 39s. 6d. for middling white crystals. The attendance of the trade was good, but the biddings were inanimate, and a parcel of 2,000 bags Java sugar changed hands in a line on private terms. The sales of the Sugar Company are also stated to be very much larger than on ordinary occa- sions. Cossipore sugar brings £50. Soft Goods.—Business in this branch during the past month has been unusually dull ; no sales of any importance have been effected,—the large importers have found their stocks to be much in excess of the demand. The news by the last mail, although favourable in regard to monetary accommodation, showed a continuation of heavy shipments which must prove disastrous to all concerned, inducing exces- sive competition and lessening profits, if not entailing actual loss. Two firms, of many years standing, have had to succumb to the pressure of the times, in addition to a local manufacturer of crinoline skirts, &c.; The inability of the retail dealers to meet their engage- ments has severely taxed the resources of the whole- sale houses ; the speculation in mining shares and in land has turned a large amount of money from the ordinary channels of trade ; and credit has to be given to an extraordinary extent. To make up for this, prices remain nominally unchanged since our last report. Clothing is sold at very low rates. An effort has been made to fix a uniform price for Horrocks's longcloths, Clarke's reels, &c.;, apparently with suc- cuss ; former experience, however, has proved all such agreements to be futile. A considerable quantity of winter goods has already arrived, and they are being offered for sale. Tea.—Messrs. J Curle Robertson and Co., in their circular for the China market, report as follows :— " The market during the month has been in anything but a healthy state. Quotations have been supported as well as could have been expected ; but there has been a constant succession of small sales by auction, feeding the trade at prices under, and in some cases several pence under, quotations. The quantity of tea on hand and to arrive prevents dealers going into stock to any extent, and consequently our regular importers find it more difficult to quit stock. Any undue pressure would at once lower prices. As it is, fine teas are being disposed of at rather easier rates ; but as this is, to an extent, exceptional, we do not alter quotations. Boxes are in good demand, and scented teas rather a drug. Foo-chow dust and sift- ings much as last reported (viz., neglected) ; leafy descriptions have been in good favour, and sales readily effected, at 11½d. to 1s. 0½d. per lb. ; good or- dinary to common have also been easily placed at 1s. 2d. to 1s. 4d. ; mixed leaf to mixed leaf with flavour have found buyers at 1s. 4½d. to 1s. 6½d. ; black leaf kinds to black leaf strong, at 1s. 6d. to 1s. 8d., and do. with flavour at 1s. 8½d. to 1s. 10d. ; in- ferior Kaisow kinds have been in fair demand, but fine to finest pekoe souchong flavour have been very slow of sale, although moving off gradually. Scented teas of all kinds hang heavily, and have been disposed of at rather under quoted prices. Scented orange pekoe, long leaf, Canton make, is rather more in- quired after than short country kind. Caper moves off very slowly. Green teas are in very small request, and but for the limited stock we hold of gunpowder and imperial, prices would be very much lower ; as it is, they are only nominal. Auction Sales.—On the 4th, a portion of the cargo ex Albert Victor, consisting of 273 chests, 720 halves, and 400 boxes, and ex Sophie, via Sydney, 297 chests, 280 halves, and 285 boxes, were sold. Preferable to ordinary congou was withdrawn at 1s. 1½d. for higher price ; mixed leaf brought 1s. 4½d. to 1s. 5½d. ; low medium to medium, 1s. 7½d. to 1s. 10½d. ; a parcel of 300 halves of fine, 2s. 2d. to 2s. 3½d. The prices were an advance upon the last sale ex Rantipole. On the 9th inst., the damaged por- tion of the Albert Victor was sold at very good prices, condition considered. On same day a sound portion of same cargo was submitted to competition, when about 1,000 packages were disposed of, at about current rates. On 10th January the damaged portion of the cargo ex Rantipole was sold—in all, about 1,000 pack- ages—at very good prices, for net cash, condition considered.. On the 15th January, a portion of the damaged teas ex Albert Victor were disposed of— amounting to 500 packages—at full prices. On the 18th January, sundry odd lines, ex Sophia, Ashbur- ton, China, Albert Victor, Spray of the Ocean, Maury, &c.;, amounting in all to about 1,460 packages, were disposed of, ordinary cougou fetching 10½d. ; prefer- able to good ordinary, 1s. 2½d. ; good medium, 1s. 6d. to 1s. 7½d. ; blackish leaf, strong and flavoury, 1s. 8d. ; and fine, 2s. 1½d. Arrivals—January 2; James Lang- ton, from Hong Kong, fifty-three days ; January 18, Jean Peter, from Foo-chow-foo, after a splendid run of only fifty-one days ; and at Sydney, the Niphon, from Nagasaki. Our quotations are as follow :— Congou, broken Foo- chow, 10d. to 11d. ; ordinary to good ordinary, 11½d. to 1s. 2d. ; mixed leaf kinds, 1s. 3½d. to 1s. 4½d. ; mixed leaf with little flavour, 1s. 5d to 1s. 6½d. ; blackish leaf kinds, 1s. 6d. to 1s 7d. ; do., strong, 1s. 7½d. to 1s. 8d. ; do., strong, with flavour, 1s. 8½d. to 1s. 10d. ; do., Kaisow kinds, rather strong, 1s. 10d. to 2s. 1d. ; do., pekoe-souchong and pekoe flavour, 2s. 1d. to 2s. 3d. ; do., fine rich pekoe-souchong flavour, 2s. 4d. to 2s. 6d. ; do., very fine do., 3s., very low, 8d. to 11d. ; souchong, common, none ; middling to fine, none ; extra fine, none, orange pekoe, scented ordinary and broken, 1s. 4d. ; do., good to fine, 1s. 8d. to 1s. 10d. ; do., finest, 2s. to 2s. 4d. ; caper, scented common to middling, none ; do., middling to fine, 1s. 8d. to 1s. 10d. ; do., finest, 2s. 3d. ; hyson- skin, Canton, nominal, 5d. to 6d. ; true common to fine, 7½d to 10d. ; hyson common, 9d. to 1s. ; good to fine, 1s. 3d. to 1s 6d. ; finest 1s. 9d. to 2s. ; young hyson, Canton and twankay kinds, 8d. to 1s. 1d. ; good yellowish leaf to fine hyson flavour, 1s. 8d to 2s. 6d. ; gunpowder, Canton, 11d. to 2s. ; country kinds, 2s. 6d. to 3s. ; imperial Canton, 11d. to 1s. 2d. ; country kinds, 1s. 6d. to 2s. Above quotations are at per lb. in bond for chests (boxes being worth 2½d. to 3d. per lb. more). Duty on tea in Victoria, 3d. per lb." Timber.—The low prices ruling for deals attracted in the beginning of the week the notice of a specula- tor, and the market, stimulated to activity, has advanced fully 1d. per foot, and has likewise assumed a very much improved tone. The Arctic's cargo of deals was offered for sale to the trade on the 6th inst., who refused to purchase at over 3½d. ; but subsequently, when it became public that the market had been cleared privately of four entire cargoes, a stimulus was imparted which enabled the auctioneer to place the cargo at fully a penny beyond the figure named, the prices realised being, for 11 x 3, 4 11-16d. per foot ; 9 x 3, 4½d. to 4 5-16d. do. ; 9 x 4, 4 9-16d. do. ; 8 x 3, 4 7-16d. do. ; 7 x 3,4½d. do. ; 7 x 2½, 4¼d. to 4 7-16d. do. ; and 9 x 3 deck cargo, 4 1-16d. do. A portion of the Anne and Jane's cargo of kauri was at same time quitted at 9s. to 9s. 9d. per 100 feet super. The following kauri pine and cedar were also sold:—Ex Au Revoir, all faults, 49,000ft. sawn kauri pine, 1½in. to 6in., at 6s. to 10s. 9d. per 100 ; 75 logs, at 6s. 9d. to 10s. per 100 ; ex Alexandra, all faults, 10 cedar logs, at 25s. 3d. per 100 ; 15 logs, at 22s. per 100 ; 20 logs, at 20s. 9d. per 100 ; 20 logs, at 17s. per 100 ; 20 logs, at 13s. per 100 ; and 44 logs, at 12s. per 100. On the 8th of the month the cargo of the Suliote, comprising 20,638 pieces, was disposed of at prices ranging from 4 5/8d. to 5 7-16d. per foot, 9 x 3 ; 62,476ft. sawn kauri pine, ex Kathleen, at same time brought from 10s. 6d., to 13s. 6d. per 100 feet. On the 11th inst., the cargo of cedar, ex Scotia, was sold at 20s. 6d. to 25s. 6d. per 1,000ft. On the 22nd, the cargo of kauri pine, ex Mistletoe, was sold, all faults, at from 8s. 6d. to 14s. per 100ft. for sawn timber, and 8s. to 9s. 9d. per 100ft. lin. for T. and G. flooring ; ex Anne and Jane, seventy logs kauri pine, at 7s. 9d. per 100ft. During the last fortnight about four cargoes of deals have dropped in besides the Oaklands, with a cargo of lumber, from Puget Sound. Tobacco.—The market has been characterised throughout the month by a satisfactory trade demand for good and fine descriptions of tens and half- pounds, as well as aromatics, these having been much wanted both for local use and for the adjoining colonies. This was more particularly noted early in the begin- ning of the month, as no sooner was the Siam's ship- ment landed than the whole of the Western tens by that vessel, comprising 350 boxes, were placed at prices rising to 13d. and 14d.; 100 boxes of Emu, a new brand of Southern, were likewise placed at about similar rates. Sales of St. Andrew and Orion twist were also made at 1s. 4d. to 1s. 5d. At auction, 265 boxes were disposed of at 11d. to 1s. 2½d., and 45 boxes, damaged by by sea-water, were placed at 12¾d. The fol- lowing week a parcel of 80 boxes dark aromatic was sold at 1s. 6d., 180 quarter-tierces, faulty twists, in a line brought 4d. On the 10th inst., 253 packages, also faulty, were quitted by public sale at from 2½d. to 4d. ; and 82 packages at from 9½d. to 10d. Through- out the past week a very steady trade demand was experienced, but without any speculative tendency whatever, in consequence of which, and owing to the scarcity of fine descriptions—of such as fine western tens and half-pounds, and aromatics—sales were trifling. For twist more inquiry was noted, but no steady revival in the demand was expected until by the discharge of the Alpha the market is supplied with suitable and saleable descriptions. On the 14th, 126 packages, comprising tens and half-pounds fit only for sheepwash, and 17 half-tierces Orion twist, were quitted at from 3d. to 1s. ; damaged St. Andrew's twist was disposed of at 1s. 1½d. to 1s. 2d., and nine half-tierces sound were placed at full market rates. 100 boxes Dabney and Harris's tens were also sold at 1s. 2d. to 1s. 2½d. Our trade quotations are:— 9d. to 1s. for good tens and half-pounds ; mediums realised 13d. to 14d. ; and best descriptions are sale- able at up to 1s. 6d. Sound twist ranges from 1s. 5d. to 2s. 3d., the latter being Barrett's quotation. Western twist, sound, we quote 1s. and down to 3d. per lb., according to condition. Aromatic pounds and half-pounds, according to quality, bring 1s. 6d. to 2s. Manilla cigars are in fair request at 62s. 6d. Swiss cigars are nominal at 32s. 6d. Wines and Spirits.—The demand for wines has remained without the slightest animation, and saving when a few hundred packages have been forced off by auction, at prices which cannot be taken as a criterion of value, no business of any importance has trans- pired. Sales of low red wines have been effected at £14 10s. to £16. Low sherries have been quitted at £18 to £20. Port and sherries, of fair qualities, have been sold at £30 to £35, and medium wines have brought £45 to £50. Inquiries for spirits have like- wise been limited, and only this week have any sales of brandies at all worth referring to been effected. Martell's and Hennessy's bulk brandies have been placed in small lots at 6s. 9d. to 7s. for pale, and 6s. 6d. for dark. A shipment of 100 quarter- casks, one of about 90 hhds., in hhds. and quarter casks, changed hands on private terms. In other marks a comparatively trifling business has been done. Otard's has been maintained at 6s. 6d. to 6s. 9d. ; U.V.P. brings 6s. 6d., and C.V.P. and Vinegrowers' a similar figure. Hennessy's case brandy has met with a good deal of attention at 25s. 6d. in one or two instances, but in most cases at 25s. 9d. to 26s., at which latter prices stand firm, but without much business to report. Other brands remain unnoticed. Quotations rule at 24s. for Martell's, 24s. to 25s. for Otard's, 24s. 6d. for U.V.P. , 22s. 6d. for C.V.P., and Vinegrowers', and 22s. for Renault's. In geneva, since the close of last month, when a speculative pur- chase of 6,000 cases JDKZ and Yellow Seal was re- ported at 10s. 6d., sales have been confined to the disposal of small trade lots at 10s. to 10s. 3d. for JDKZ, and 9s. 6d. to 9s. 9d. for V. H. and Co. Rum is dull, and with the exception of about 100 hhds. RWP, 10 per cent. and 30 per cent., disposed of at 2s. 10d. for the former and 3s. 1d. for the latter, little has transpired. Whiskey in bulk is slow of sale at 3s. 3d. to 3s. 9d. ; case is firmer, being held for 8s. to 8s. 6d. ; 1,000 cases of Preston's met with a purchaser on private terms ; 10s. is now asked for this brand. MELBOURNE MARKETS. WEDNESDAY, JAN. 23. THE MILLS. There is no change to note in the above market, trade still continuing active, without any alteration in quotations. Prices are as follow:—Fine flour, £12 ; seconds, £11 ; Adelaide, £12 ; bran, 1s. 2d. ; pollard, 1s. 6d. ; wheat, 4s. 9d. to 5s. ; meal, £26. RETAIL MARKETS. The tendency of prices during the last week has been generally upward. Butchers' meat is unchanged ; but poultry, dairy produce, and other articles of pro- visions, are a shade higher in price. Quotations may be given as follow:—Beef, 4d. to 7d. per lb. ; mutton, 3d. to 5d. per Ib. ; veal, 7d. per lb. ; pork, 9d. to 10d. per lb. Poultry.—Fowls, 5s. to 6s. 6d. per pair ; geese, 14s. do., ducks, 8s. 6d. do. ; turkeys, 15s. to 30s. do. Cheese, 1s. to 2s. per lb. ; eggs, 1s. 7d. to 1s. 10d. per dozen ; butter, fresh, 1s. 6d. per lb. ; bread, 6d. to 7d. per 41b. loaf ; milk, 6d. per quart ; hams, 1s. 5d. per lb. ; bacon, 1s. to 1s. 4d. per lb. HAY MARKET. The market is dull, and the supply coming in does not find a ready clearance. Prices are unsteady, and Saturday's quotations can scarcely be realised. Prices are:—Hay, £3 to £4 5s. ; straw, £2 10s. to £3. EASTERN MARKET. The market was well attended this morning, and fruits and vegetables were well represented. Dairy produce was firm, and poultry higher in price. The following were the prices ruling:—Vegetables. —Basil, 2s. per dozen bunches ; beans, kidney, 2½d. per lb. ; beet, 1s. per dozen ; bouquets, 4s. to 8s. per dozen ; cabbages, 1s. to 3d. 6d. per dozen ; carrots, 8d. to 1s. per dozen bunches ; cress, water, 1s. per dozen bunches ; cucumbers, prickly, 1s. 6d. to 3s. per dozen ; do., long spine, 3s. to 6s. per dozen ; horseradish, 3s. to 6s. per dozen sticks ; lavender, 1s. per dozen bunches ; lettuce, 8d. to 1s. per dozen ; marjoram, 8d. to 1s. per dozen bunches ; mint, 8d. to 1s. per dozen bunches ; onions, dried, 2s. 6d. to 4s. 6d. per cwt. ; do., green, 6d. to 9d. per dozen bunches ; parsley, 1s. per dozen bunches ; parsnips, 1s. per dozen bunches ; peas, 2d. to 3d. per lb. ; potatoes, 3s. to 4s. 6d. per cwt., £4 per ton ; radish, 6d. per dozen bunches ; rhubarb, 8d. per dozen bunches ; sage, 8d. per dozen bunches ; thyme, 8d. to 1s. per dozen bunches ; turnips, 8d. to 10d. per dozen bunches ; vegetable marrows, 1s. 6d. to 3s. per dozen. Fruits.—Almonds, 2d. to 3d. per lb. ; apples, 1d. to 3d. per lb. ; apricots, 2d. to 4d. per dozen ; cherries, 4d. per lb. ; figs, 1s. to 3s. per dozen ; mulberries, 6d. to 8d. per lb. ; peaches, 1s. per dozen ; pears, 2d. to 3d. per lb. ; plums, 2d. to 3d. per lb. Dairy Produce.—Butter, 1s. 4d. per lb. ; cheese, 6d. to 9d. per lb. ; ducks, 7s. per pair ; eggs, 1s. 6d. to 1s. 9d. per dozen ; geese, 12s. 6d. to 13s. per pair ; hens, 5s. to 5s. 6d. per pair ; honey, 9d. per lb. ; pork, 9d. to 10d. per lb. ; rabbits, 3s. to 5s. per pair ; sucking pigs, 12s. to 15s. each ; turkeys, 11s. to 12s. per pair ; hams, 1s. 4d. to 1s. 6d. per lb. ; bacon, 1s. 4d. to 1s. 6d. per lb. LIVE STOCK. Messrs. DAL. CAMPBELL and Co. report — Fat Cattle.—During the past month 3,610 head have passed through the yards, principally good quality, with a fair proportion of prime amongst them. The market was somewhat firmer the last fortnight, and for really prime cattle fair prices are obtainable. We quote prime pens bullocks at from £9 to £10 7s. 6d. ; second, from £6 to £7 10s. ; inferior, from £4 to £5. Best cows at from £7 to £8 ; second, from £5 to £6 ; inferior, from £3 to £4. Fat Sheep.—64,954 have been penned for the month, principally second quality. This number has been considerably in excess of the requirements of the trade, and conse- quently large quantities have passed into the hands of the graziers in the neighbourhood of town, at a slight reduction on late rates. We quote prime quality wethers, shorn, at from 11s. to 13s. ; good do., from 10s. to 10s. 6d. ; second do., from 8s. to 9s. ; in- ferior, from 7s. to 7s. 6d. Store stock.—For cattle, the demand has considerably abated and the ex- tremely high prices ruling two months ago are not now obtainable, owing principally to the dryness of the feed, besides being too late in the season to fatten for the winter markets. In sheep, there is nothing doing, buyers generally holding out for low rates, while the abundance of grass up to this time has in most in- stances made holders indifferent about quitting." MONTHLY WOOL REPORT. Messrs. GOLDSBROUGH and Co. report of this market:— " During the past month twelve auction sales have been held, at which 20,317 bales were catalogued, and about 9,500 bales sold. Quotations were fairly main- tained until the arrival of the English mail on the 12th inst., when they became easier, the advices re- ceived being somewhat unfavourable. The November sales in London, which it was anticipated would show a decided advance over those of the preceding series of September, were progressing at barely previous rates, the deficient harvest and dulness of trade in the manufacturing districts having pre- vented that rise in prices which the limited supply of wools to be offered naturally led operators to expect. Prospects for February also do not leave much hope for improvement, and this unexpected news has had the effect of depressing the colonial market to the ex- tent of about 1d. per pound. At this reduction buyers have operated freely, the growers as a rule preferring to realise in the colony rather than incur the uncer- tainty attending shipment. " The Intercolonial show of wool was held on the 16th inst., and the reports of the judges indicate a steady improvement in the class of exhibits. Most of the samples were beautifully got up, and proved that our breeders are making great progress towards pro- ducing a class of wool which will rival, and probably at no distant date surpass, some of the choicest European flocks. On this occasion the pure Australian merinoes took the highest stand, although some really splendid samples produced by crossing with imported stock were brought forward. At the auc- tion subsequently held, the lots exhibited realised prices ranging up to 3s. 8½d. per pound, thus fully proving the superior class of wool shown. It is to be regretted that the neighbouring colonies did not enter into the matter with that spirit of emulation we could have wished to have seen evinced, and we are almost led to conclude that the apparently hopeless task of entering into competition with this colony deterred them from coming forward. Certainly, every possible incentive was held out, and full publicity given, the proposed show being advertised for nearly twelve months before it took place. " A new and important feature in connexion with the Melbourne market has been the sailing of the ship Isabella Hercus, for New York, with a cargo of 1,200 bales wool purchased here on American account. We look on this clearance as the commencement of an extensive direct trade with the States, as a telegram received by the last mail reports that the American tariff has been reduced to one-half previous rates, and should this news be confirmed, no doubt considerable ship- ments will result. At present the duties are regulated in accordance with the value per pound, and therefore act almost as a direct prohibition against the im- portation of the better classes of wool. The shipment in question consists entirely of unwashed sorts, and cannot be accepted as a sample of the really choice descriptions now produced here. " The following ships have cleared for England since our last summary ;—January 2—Echunga, Geelong for London, 3,806 bales ; January 3—Red Jacket, Mel- bourne for London, 5,141 bales ; January 6—Pride of the Ocean, Melbourne for London, 4,812 bales ; Champion of the Seas, Geelong for London, 8,447 bales ; Percy, Melbourne for London, 3,434 bales ; January 14—Roya! Standard, Melbourne for London, 2,189 bales ; January 14—Lincolnshire, Melbourne for London, 1,334 bales ; January 15—Isabella Hercus, Melbourne for New York, 1,200 bales ; January 24 —Dallam Tower, Melbourne for London, 3,335 bales ; Minden, Melbourne for London, 2,690 bales; Spray of the Ocean, Melbourne for London, 3,283 bales ; January 25—Great Britain, Melbourne for London, 1,587 bales. Total, 41,308 bales. Previous shipments, 83,343 bales. Total, October 25, 1866, to date, 124,651 bales. Prices Current.—Greasy.—Inferior to ordinary, 7d. to 9d. ; ordinary to average, 9d. to 10d. ; good to superior, 11d. to 1s. 1d. Fleece.—Inferior to ordinary 1s. 3d. to 1s. 5d. ; ordinary to average, 1s. 6d. to 1s. 8d. ; good to superior, 1s. 9d. to 2s. 2d. Scoured, ordinary, 1s. 5d. to 1s. 8d. ; good, 1s. 9d. to 1s. 11d. ; superior, 2s. to 2s. 3d. Hides.—The last English advices arc scarcely so favourable, and we quote prices a shade lower. The following are about the current rates, say, inferior to ordinary, 4s. to 7s. 6d. ; average to good, 8s. 6d. to 11s. ; superior heavies, 13s. to 15s. each. Clearances are—per Minden: 3,178 hides, 138 calf-skins; per Pride of the Ocean : 654 hides. Total, 3,832 hides. Tallow.—There is an improved inquiry, and prices are firmer. Stocks being low, few parcels have changed hands, but the following are about the cur- rent quotations for lots in shipping order, say—Beef, £32 to £34 ; mixed, £32 to £35 ; and mutton, £36 per ton. Shipments are as follow :—Red Jacket, 26 casks ; Percy, 18 casks ; Lincolnshire, 121 casks ; total, 165 casks. SUMMARY OF SALES THIS MONTH. Company name / Sales / No. of Bales offered. / No. of Bales sold. E. Goldsbrough and Co. .. / 4 / 12,617 / 6323 The London and Australian Agency Company .. .. / 2 / 3921 / 860 Cunningham and Macredie .. / 2 / 2,690 / 1,204 G. Synnot .. .. .. / 2 / 485 / 294 C. J. Dennys and Co. .. .. 2 / 604 / 597 Totals / 12 / 20,317 / 9278 Messrs. CUNINGHAM and MACREDIE'S monthly report for season 1866-67 is as follows :—" Wool.—Since the commencement of the year, and subsequent to the arrival of the November mail, a quieter tone has per- vaded this market, and prices are now easier. There is still a little more wool to arrive, and when the River Darling again becomes navigable, some large clips will be at once liberated, and find their way to town. We may quote greasy at 9d. to 12¼d. ; scoured, 14d. to 25½d. ; fleece, 15d. to 23d. The shipments during the past month for London are as follow:—From Hob- son's Bay—Red Jacket, 5,282 bales, cleared Jan. 3 and 4 ; Percy, 3,474 bales, Jan. 5 ; Pride of the Ocean, 4,802 bales. Jan. 5 ; Royal Standard, 2,189 bales, Jan. 14 ; Lincolnshire, 1,334 bales, Jan. 14 ; Minden, 2,690 bales, Jan. 24 ; Spray of the Ocean, 3,283 bales, Jan. 24\. From Geelong—Echunga, 3,806 bales, Jan. 2. Total, 26,860 bales. Previous shipments—From Aug. 1, to Dec 24, 91,711 bales. Total to Jan. 24, 118,571 bales, shipped for London. For Liverpool—Dallam Tower, 3,335 bales, cleared Jan. 2 ; Isabella Hercus, 1,200 bales, Jan. 15. Total, 123,106 bales. In addition to the above, the Great Britain, sailing this morning for Liverpool, has 1,487 bales, and the Champion of the Seas, still loading at Geelong, has about 8,400 bales on board. The Swiftsure is expected to take 1,500 bales, the Donald Mackay 7,000, and the Superb 2,000. Sheepskins are saleable at 4d. to 7¾d. Hides we have sold at 8s. to 14s. 6d. ; kangaroo skins have brought 3s. to 20s. per dozen. Tallow—We have placed mixed at 30s. to 34s." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; H., Hamburg ; Hn., Hanoverian ; I., Italian ; N. Norwegian ; S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Belg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; R. Russian ; s., ship ; b., barque ; br., brig ; sc, schooner; s.s., steamer.] Dec. ARRIVED. 26\. Great Britain, B. s.s., 3,444, Lieut. John Gray, R.N.R., Liverpool.—Bright Brothers and Co. 26\. Henrique Teodore, H. b., 432, W. B. Nirgen, Tomé—H. L. Sharpe. 27\. Superb, B. s., 1,451, Lieut. Jones, R.N.R., London. —W. P. White and Co. 28\. Sea Nymph, B. c., 256, F. Fielding, San Francisco. —Boyd and Currie. 28\. Jane, B. b., 341, J. Savage, Mauritius.—Moore, Hawthorn, and Co. 29\. Antiope, B. s., 1,442, Wm. Withers, Liverpool.— Dickson, Williams, and Co. 30\. Ethereal, B s., 795, Alex. Anderson, London.— Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. Jan. 2\. James Longton, B. b.,318, T. Millard, Hong Kong. —Kong Meng and Co. 3\. Anglo-Saxon, B. s., 693, Alexander Davidson, Downs.—M'Ewan and Co. 4\. Darra, B. s., 999, Rowland de Steiger, the Downs. —Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 4\. Mohely, F. b., 395, Aime Rouier, Bordeaux.— Curcier and Adet. 5\. Centaur, B. br., 180, T. Lockyer, San Francisco.— W. Owston and Co. 5\. Young England, B. b., 1,017, J. B. Gamble, Glas- gow.—Holmes, White, and Co. 7\. Bilderdjick, D. s., 750, A. Victor, Rotterdam.— W. Crosby and Co. 7\. Sea Breeze, B. s.. 685, T. R. Harry, Mauritius.— Victoria Sugar Company. 7\. Countess of Seafield, B. b,, 432, R. G. Rae, Mau- ritius.—W. Crosby and Co. 8\. Alpha, N. s., 693, N. A. Nielsen, New York.— Lord and Co. 9\. Speculator, B. s., 747, J. Goodwin, London.— Youngman and Co. 10\. Eva Joshua, B. b., 286, T. H. Robson, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. 11\. Bombay, R.M.S.S., 1,250, G. C. Burne, Galle.—F. R. Kendall. 13\. Kent, B. s., 1,000, Henry F. Holt, London via Ply- mouth. W. P. White and Co., agents. 13\. Formosa, B. b.. 380, Jas. Craig, Mauritius.— Joshua Brothers and Co. 13\. Forest Rights, B. s., 1,154, R. H. Carey, London. M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co. 15\. St. James, B s., 1,252, B. C. Williams, Svartvick.— Captain. 16\. Kingston, B. s., 1,208, Charles A. Emerson, Liver- pool.—Bright Brothers and Co. 16\. Oaklands, B. b., 533, T. Batchelder, Puget Sound. —Captain Batchelder. 16\. Helena, S. b., 345, G, Trikman, Gefle.—C. S. Ross and Co. 16\. Meteor, A. s.s., 1,221, J. S. Watson, Singapore.— Captain Watson. 16\. Jan Peter, P. b., 340, R. R. Molsen, Foo-chow-foo. —Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 16\. B. D. Metcalf, N. s., 1,188, J. Andersen, Gefle.— Wilshin and Leighton. 19\. Ville de St. Lo, F. b., 374, F. Dubois, Charente.— Bligh and Harbottle. 19\. Deux Jules, F. b., 448, A. Lotelier, Reunion.— J. L. and C. Burke. 20\. Triton, Pr. s., 574, P. G. Schmidt, Sourabaya.— Victoria Sugar Company. 21\. Adelaide Baker, B. s., 809, John Baker, the Downs.— Virgoe Son and Co. 21\. Randolph, B. b., 343, John W. Lawson, Dundee.— Anderson and Marshall. 21\. Australian, B. s., 800, J. H. Lamble, Gefle.— Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 23\. St. Pierre. F. br., 210, M. Graffin, Madagascar.— Laurette le Roy and Co. CLEARED OUT. Dec. 28\. Geelong, R.M.S.S., 1,217, N. J. Skottowe, Point de Galle.—W. C. Clifton. 28\. Annie Wilson. B. s., 1,118, H. Clarke, Callao. —Bright Brothers and Co. Jan., 1867. 3\. Red Jacket, B. s., 2,035, M. A. Pope, London.— Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 3\. Lucibelle, B. s., 914, C. Forster, Callao.—W. Crosby and Co. 4\. Esther, F. b., 275, A. Doutre, Colombo.—F. W. Prell and Co. 5\. Golden Sea, B. s., 1,418, R. Hardy, Callao.— Holmes, White, and Co. 5\. Pride of the Ocean, B. s., 1,169, O. Duke, London. —Dickson, Williams, and Co. 5\. Percy, B. s., 919, W. Weatherburn, London.— Wilson, Buchanan, and Co. 11\. Figaro, H. b., 329, — Rickless, Maldon Island, via Tahiti.-—F. W. Prell and Co. 11\. Arctic, B. b., 330, N. Nordbuck, Callao.—Dickson, Williams, and Co. 12\. Diedrich Pentzien, D. b., 214, — Johannsen, Guam.—F. W. Prell. 14\. Royal Standard, B. s.s., 1,597, E. Whinneray, London.—Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 14\. Lincolnshire, B. s., 1,200, Henry Herbert Shinner, London.—W. P. White and Co. 15\. Isabella Hercus, A. b., 569, T. Bremner, New York.—Dodd and Thompson. 15\. Luise, H. b. 724, L. M. A. Peters, Guam.—Cal- lender and Co. 15\. Eliza Mathilde, S. b., 536, H. Sundesen, Guam, O. Dondeur and Co. 15\. Brilliant, S. b., 559, H. Bach, Callao.—De Pass Brothers and Co. 16\. Monarch, B. s., 1,444, C. J. Macey, Hong Kong. —Bright Brothers and Co. , 18\. San Roman, H. s., 1,230, R. Martens, Callao.—F. Haller and Co. 19\. Eva Joshua, B. b., 287, T. H. Robson, Mauritius. —Joshua Brothers. 19\. Jane, B. b., 341, J. Sauvage, Guam.—Moore, Hawthorn, and Co. 19\. Meteor, A. s.s., 1,221, J. S. Watson, Guam.—C. Lewis and Co. 21\. Hannah Nicholson, B. b., 251, J. Borgwart, Mauri- tius.—S. de Beer. 21\. Johanna Christina, D. b., 582, Leclereq, Batavia.— F. W. Prell and Co. 23\. Dallam Tower, B. s., 1,499, W. S. Bruce, Liver- pool.—Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 23\. Evening Star, S. s., 657, J. Natwig, Callao.—O. Tondeur and Co. 23\. Anglo-Saxon, A. b., 657, G. H. Homans, San Fran- cisco, via Newcastle.—Callender and Co. 23\. Wolverine, B. br., 207, J. Paul, Calcutta.—H. S. Smith. 23\. Formosa, B. b., 380, C. Moore, Mauritius.—Joshua Brothers. 24\. Minden, B. s., 831, E. G.P. March, London.—Dal- gety and Co. 24\. Spray of the Ocean, B. s., 805, P. Slaughter, Lon- don—Bright Brothers and Co. 25\. Great Britain, B. s.s., 1,795, Lieut. J. Gray, R.N.R., Liverpool.—Bright Brothers. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. JAN. 3. Red Jacket, for Londan.—5,302 bales wool, 10 bales dippings. 20 casks tallow, 1 quarter-cask wine, 818 bags bark, 1,432 bags copper ore. JAN. 4. Esther, for Colombo.—200 bags flour, 3,141 bags bone dust. JAN. 5. Percy, for London.—3,484 bales wool, 2 bales skins. Pride of the Ocean, for London.—4,812 bales wool, 87 bundles rags, 454 ingots spelter, 18 casks tallow, 13 casks calf-skins, 5 tons horns and hoofs. JAN. 14. Royal Standard, s.s., for London.—2,189 bales wool, 6,208 bags wheat, 2 cases fancy goods. Lincolnshire, for London.—1,334 bales wool, 1,471 bags bark, 2,981 bags copper ore, 7 bags black sand, 110 bales leather, 3 bales skins, 121 casks tallow, 8,500 horns, 5½ tons bones, 34 bags wheat. JAN. 15. Isabella Hercus, for New York.—2 hhds. salted skins, 1,200 bales wool. JAN. 16. Monarch, for Hong Kong.—100 logs sandalwood, 210 tierces beef. JAN. 19. Eva Joshua, for Mauritius.—3,000 bags flour. JAN. 23. Dallam Tower, for Liverpool.-—3,335 bales wool, 10,933 sacks wheat, 3 hhds. wine. Wolverine, for Calcutta.—4,906 tiles copper, 400 bushels bran, 200 bushels oats, 14 tons hay, 40 horses. Formosa, for Mauritius.—4,000 bags flour. JAN. 24. Minden, for London.—2,690 bales wool, 200 tons copper ore, 98 bales rags, 3,216 hides, 92 calfskins. Spray of the Ocean, for London.—3,283 bales wool, 170 ingots zinc. JAN. 25. Great Britain, for Liverpool.—1,487 bales wool, 6 packages skins. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE DECEMBER MAIL. DEC. 28. Geelong, for Galle. Saloon—Dr. Nicholson, Mr. and Mrs. Clifton and two servants, Mr. Gordon, Mr. J. Adams, Mr. J. Daniels, for King George's Sound. Mr. Chapman, Miss Wooley, Master Wooley and three children, for Galle. Mr. and Mrs. Kruge, for Suez. Mr. Lamb, Mr. B. Ronald, Mr. and Mrs. Brash, Mr. T. C. Loughnan, for Marseilles. Mr. J. Blyth, for Southampton. JAN. 5. Pride of the Ocean, for London. Saloon—Mr. and Mrs. Marsden and child, Mrs. Tait and two children, Mr. Heidingsfelder, Mr. E. M. Tucker ; and fifteen in the second cabin. JAN. 14. Lincolnshire, for London. Saloon—Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Park and family (two), Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Wright, family (five), and servant; Mr. and Mrs. M. Nyberg, family (two), and servant; Doctor and Mrs. Charles Grier, family (six); and servant ; Mr. and Mrs. Gerald C. Gambier, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Fair, Mrs. Swaine, Miss Archer, Miss Drew, Miss M. Drew, Miss Hill, Mr. George Relfe, Mr. Joseph R. Joseph, Mr. James Dennistown, Mrs. Charles Vyse, Mr. Louis W. Dessauer, Mr. J. C. Jonson ; and 109 in the second and third cabins. Royal Standard, for London. Saloon—Mrs. F. Labatt, Misses Charlotte and Eugenie and Masters Julie and Adolphe Labatt, Mr. and Mrs. B. J. Marks, and Master Marks, Messrs. A. and W. Clark, Mr. Thomas R. Riddell, Mr. and Mrs. John M'Kellar, and Captain Malet ; and ninety-three in the second cabin and steerage. Mr. Denton, surgeon. JAN. 23. Dallam Tower, for Liverpool. Saloon—Mr. and Mrs. E. Jones and family (two), Mr. and Mrs. White and family (two), Mrs. Adamson, family (two), and ser- vant ; Mr. William Matthews, Miss Matthews, Messrs. W. Cunningham, R. Powell, and Harry J. Baird. GOLD SHIPS WHICH HAVE SAILED SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. The following is a list of the ships taking gold which have sailed hence since the publication of our last summary, together with the quantities and desti- nations :— Date of Sailing. / Ship. / Destination. / Ounces. Dec. 28 / Geelong .. .. / Galle.. .. .. / 22,250 Dec. 28 / Rangatira.. .. / Sydney .. .. / 1,824 1867 Jan. 2 / Echunga .. .. / London .. .. / 26,459 Jan. 3 / Alexandra .. / Sydney .. .. / 5,043 Jan. 4 / Red Jacket .. / London .. .. / 15,818 Jan. 4 / Otago .. .. / Bluff Harbour.. / 8 Jan. 5 / Pride of the Ocean / London .. .. / 8,069 Jan. 7 / Wonga Wonga .. / Sydney .. .. / 8,555 Jan. 10 / Rangarira .. .. / Sydney .. .. / 11,452 Jan. 14 / Royal Standard .. / London .. .. / 9,553 Jan. 14 / Lincolnshire .. / London .. .. / 5,640 Jan. 14 / Alexandra .. .. / Sydney.. .. / 4,698 Jan. 16 / Monarch .. .. / Hong Kong .. / 6,008 Jan. 17 / Wonga Wonga .. / Sydney .. .. / 4,660 Jan. 24 / Rangatira.. .. / Sydney .. .. / 9,866 Jan. 25 / Great Britain.. / Liverpool .. / 58,997 The total amount of gold exported from the colony since the beginning of the year is 174,826 ounces, of which 19,050 ounces were transhipped from New Zealand. During the corresponding period of the previous year the entire quantity exported was 45,784 ounces, and of this total 12,547 ounces were from New Zealand. RECENT VOYAGES FROM ENGLAND. THE S.S. GREAT BRITAIN AND THE SHIP RESULT. The late passages of these two fine ships from England to this port have excited con- siderable attention in nautical circles—an interest not lessened by a statement made on the arrival of the Superb, that the new Black- wall clipper had beaten the renowned old Liverpool liner by four days in the run from the equator to the parallel of the Cape of Good Hope. It was also given "as an in- stance of her sailing capabilities, that from the equator to Hobson's Bay, the Superb has beaten the steamship Great Britain fully two days—the latter vessel having crossed the equator on the 13th of November, and the Superb on the 17th of the same month ; the one arriving at Port Philip Heads on the night of the 25th December, and the other in Hobson's Bay on the forenoon of the 27th December." These statements as to the performances of the Superb occasioned some surprise, seeing that, though an able ship, she was very deeply laden ; while the Great Britain has always been noted for her capacity to make good running before the strong winds usually met with in high Southern latitudes. We have taken some pains to inquire into the exact facts of the case, and find that they suffi- ciently vindicate the fame of the old Great Britain, the time at which the Superb crossed the line having been mis- stated (accidentally, no doubt,) by ten days. We find, on exami- nation of the logs of the two ships—abstracts of which are appeaded—that the Superb sailed from London on the 11th October, and was off the Eddystone, with a north- east breeze, on the 13th of that month. The Great Britain sailed from Liverpool on the 27th of October, with a favourable wind, which, however, lasted for one day only. The Superb crossed the equator, in 27deg. 6min. W., on the 7th November, with a spanking south-east trade wind which enabled her to do her 255 knots in twenty- four hours. The Great Britain crossed the line on the 13th November, in 20deg. 43min. W., with a S. by E. wind, in which she only did 160 knots in the day. The meredian of Greenwich was crossed by the Superb on the 26th November, in 40deg. S., and on the following day by the Great Britain, in 40deg. 41min. S.—the latter having thus gained at least six days on the Superb from the equator. The meridian of the Cape of Good Hope was crossed by the Superb on the 2nd of Decem- ber, in 38deg. 19min. S., and on the same day by the Great Britain, in 44deg. 12min., the latter vessel having thus made 360 nautical miles farther southing. From that parallel the run to Hobson's Bay was close, the vic- tory lying with the Great Britain by about thirty-three or thirty-four hours, as she en- tered the Heads on the evening of the 25th December, and the Superb arrived off the Heads in the dark early hours of the morning of the 27th December. The farthest southing made by the Great Britain was 47deg. 11min., and by the Superb 44deg. 42min. The Great Britain went so far south in the expectation of finding strong westerly winds ; but while the Superb, in 39deg. 47min., fell in with strong westerly winds on the 3rd December (the day after passing the Cape), and car- ried them with her to Hobson's Bay—her lowest day's running being 153 knots—the Great Britain experienced easterly, north- easterly, and variable winds (excepting on the 4th December, when she had a south wind, and the 5th, when she had a south- west breeze), till the 14th December, when she obtained a northerly wind, having enjoyed a W.S.W. breeze only on the 23rd and 24th ult. On the 19th ult. the Superb was in lat, 44deg. 24min., long. 104deg. 29min., and made 305 knots (her highest day's scoring), with a N.W. wind. On the same day the Great Britain was lat. 44deg. 10min., long. 110deg. 43min., and with a N. by E. wind made 317 knots (her best day's running). On the 23rd, with a wind at W., in 41deg. 48min. lat., and 128deg. long., the Superb made 260 knots. On the same day, in 41deg. 32min., and 133deg. 32min., the Great Britain, with her first day of W.S.W. wind, made 300 knots. Had Captain Gray had the good fortune to keep the higher parallel, which he usually follows, and in which Captain Jones made some excellent running, he would have accomplished, for the second time, a fifty-five days' run ; but, endeavour- ing to keep a great circle course, in the hope of making a very fast passage, he had the ill- luck of strong easterly winds—on one day, indeed, in 45deg. 48min., only scoring ninety- two knots, having been forced to lie-to. On the other hand, Captain Jones made his first and very excellent passage in the Superb, in a fine ship, but loaded far too heavily. The story of the performances of the two ships will be read with interest by all who take an interest in nautical affairs. The following are the abstracts of the Iogs :— LOG OF THE S.S. GREAT BRITAIN. LIVERPOOL TO MELBOURNE. Winds. / Dist. / Lat. / Lon. / Knots. / Deg. / Deg. 1860 Oct. 27* 28 / W.N.W. / 229 / 51·17 / 6·52 29 / S.W. / 184 / 48·36 / 9·5 30 / W. by S. / 146 / 46·20 / 10·20 31 / W.S.W. / 233 / 43·36 / 13·33 Nov. 1 / W. / 173 / 40·34 / 15·13 2 / W. / 225 / 37·18 / 16·40 3 / N.W. / 205 / 34·4 / 18·56 4 / Variable. / 220 / 30·25 / 19·25 5 / N. / 243 / 26·27 / 19·45 6 / S.E. / 206 / 23·4 / 20·17 7 / N.E. / 202 / 19·44 / 20·38 8 / N.N.E. / 187 / 16·37 / 20·37 9 / Variable. / 187 / 13·30 / 20·44 10 / Variable. / 197 / 10·14 / 20·44 11 / Variable. / 194 / 7·00 / 20·44 12 / E. / 192 / 3·48 / 20·00 13 / S. by E. / 160 / 1·14 South / 20·43 14 / S.S.E. / 214 / 1·27 / 23·5 15 / S.E. by E. / 224 / 4·32 / 25·10 16 / S.E. by E. / 213 / 7·52 / 26·22 17 / S. by E. / 225 / 11·34 / 27·5 18 / E. by S. / 228 / 15·22 / 26·56 19 / E.N.E. / 222 / 18·55 / 25·50 20 / Variable. / 182 / 21·49 / 24·52 21 / S.E. / 225 / 25·31 / 24·9 22 / N.E. / 208 / 28·46 / 22·46 23 / N. / 253 / 32·21 / 20·13 24 / N. / 261 / 35·2 / 16·5 25 / N.W. / 231 / 36·23 / 11·40 26 / N.W. by W. / 254 / 38·37 / 7·7 27 / N.W. by W. / 225 / 40·11 / 2·41 East. 28 / W. / 195 / 41·31 / 1·14 29 / S.E. / 192 / 42·24 / 5·22 30 / S.E. / 180 / 43·7 / 9·21 Dec. 1 / S. / 190 / 43·44 / 13·36 2 / Variable. / 198 / 44·12 / 18·6 3 / E.S.E. / 187 / 45·22 / 22·6 4 / S. / 232 / 45·9 / 27·36 5 / S.W. / 215 / 44·48 / 32·40 6 / S.E. / 120 / 45·21 / 35·20 7 / S.S.E. / 92 / 45·48 / 37·21 8 / Variable. / 219 / 44·4 / 42·°40 9 / Variable. / 196 / 44·11 / 46·58 10 / N.N.E. / 260 / 45·30 / 52·49 11 / Variable. / 220 / 45·57 / 57·56 12 / Variable. / 257 / 45·57 / 64·6 13 / Variable. / 250 / 46·14 / 68·53 14 / N. / 264 / 46·30 / 76·26 15 / N.W. by W. / 280 / 47·11 / 83·12 16 / W. / 240 / 46·18 / 88·53 17 / N. / 308 / 45·30 / 96·5 18 / N.N.W. / 302 / 44·45 / 103·17 19 / N. by E. / 317 / 44·40 / 110·43 20 / N. by E. / 282 / 44·11 / 117·18 21 / N. by E. / 241 / 44·2 / 122·50 22 / Variable. / 203 / 43·9 / 127·21 23 / W.S.W. / 300 / 41·32 / 133·32 24 / W.S.W. / 235 / 40·3 / 138·44 25 / N.E. by E. / 225 / 38·56 / 143·27 Came to an anchor inside Port Phillip Heads at eight p.m. on 25th December. * This log contains twelve hours, and ends at noon. LOG OF THE SHIP SUPERB. LONDON TO MELBOURNE. Date. / Winds. / Dist. / Lat. / Lon. 1866\. / /Knots. / Deg. / Deg. Oct. 11 / E. / — / — /— 12 † / E.N.E. / — / — / — 13 ‡ / N.E. / — / — / — 14 / N. by E. / — / 49·50 / 5·15 15 / S.E. / 106 / 48·27 / 6·36 16 / S.E. / — / 48· / — 17 / S.E. / — / 47·34 / — 18 / N.W. / 80 / 46·35 / 17·12 19 / W.S.W. / 182 / 43·43 / 15·50 20 / S.S.E. / 52 / 42·56 / 15·28 21 / N.W. / 105 / 41·11 / 15·32 22 / N.E. / 140 / 38·51 / 15·52 23 / S.E. / 155 / 36·30 / 17·5 24 / S.E. / 68 / 35·24 / 16· 25 / E. / 125§ / 33·30 / 17·25 26 / N.E. / 220 / 30·13 / 19·41 27 / N.E. / 238 / 26·20 / 20·19 28 / E.N.E. / 249 / 22·19 / 21·24 29 / N.E. / 244 / 18·15 / 21·24 30 / N.E. / 234 / 14·20 / 20·19 31 / N.N.E. / 138 / 12·3 / 20·38 Nov. 1 / N.E. / 98 / 10·25 / 20·40 2 / E. / 88 / 9·1 / 21·12 3 / E. / 88 / 7·33 / 21·26 4 / Variable. / — / 7·10 / — 5 / S.E. / 128 / 5·16 / 21·49 6 / S.S.E. / 200 / 2·37 South. / 23·50 7 / S.E. / 255 / 0·9 / 27·6 8 / S.E. / 265 / 3·35 / 29·53 9 / E.S.E. / 252 / 6·50 / 32·34 10 / E. / 269 / 9·49 / 34·23 11 / E.S.E. / 218 / 12·48 / 36·31 12 / E. / 160 / 15·20 / 35·42 13 / E. / 176 / 18·15 / 35·55 14 / E.N.E. / 230 / 21·47 / 34·19 15 / N.E. / 218 / 25·23 / 34·44 16 / N.E. / 250 / 29·30 / 34·5 17 / N.N.E. / 184 / 32·21 / 32.43 18 / Variable. / 111 / 34·9 / 32·13 19 / W. / 121 / 35·10 / 30·6 20 / W. / 220 / 35·58 / 25·42 21 / W. / 234 / 36·57 / 21·2 22 / N.E. / 94 / 37·28 / 19·11 23 / N. / 224 / 39·28 / 15·47 24 / N.E. / 266 / 39·35 / 10·5 25 / N. / 251 / 40· / 4·38 East. 26 / N.N.W. / 246 / 40·8 / 0·45 27 / W. / 221 / 39·48 / 5·32 28 / W. / 197 / 39·45 / 9·34 29 / E.S.E. / 90 / 39·52 / 11·47 30 / S.E. / 63 / 40·28 / 11·54 Dec. 1 / S.S.E. / 139 / 39·25 / 15·35 2 / E. by E. 141 / 38·19 / 18·15 3 / W. / 200 / 39·47 / 22·7 4 / S.S.W. / 250 / 39·49 / 27·34 5 / S. / 221 / 40·13 / 32·19 6 / W.N.W. / 262 / 41·29 / 37·56 7 / S.S.W. / 183 / 41·25 / 40·43 8 / S.W. / 274 / 40·41 / 46·35 9 / S.W. / 240 / 40·15 / 51·50 10 / N. / 153 / 40·30 / 55·9 11 / W. / 242 / 42·24 / 59·52 12 / W.N.W. / 169 / 42·37 / 63·38 13 / W. by S. / 188 / 42·59 / 67·52 14 / S.W. / 231 / 42·59 / 73·7 15 / W.S.W. / 284 / 43·11 / 79·30 16 / W. / 241 / 43·23 / 84·52 17 / W.N.W. / 268 / 43·50 / 90·56 18 / N.W. / 286 / 44·15 / 97·26 19 / N.W. / 305 / 44·24 / 97·26 20 / N.W. / 282 / 43·57 / 110·59 21 / S. / 210 / 44·15 / 115·48 22 / S.W. / 301 / 42·42 / 122·19 23 / W. / 260 / 41·48 / 128·0 24 / W. / 200 / 40·58 / 132·15 25 / N. / 245 / 40.29 / 137·35 26 / W. / 242 / 39·7 / 142·27 27║ * Off Margate, in tow. † Needles. ‡ Eddistone. § Madeira. ║ Arrived. NOTES FROM THE SEA. Numerous casualties, in most cases hap- pily unattended by loss of life, have occurred lately at sea. Early on the morning of the 3rd inst. the brig Pet, which was loaded with coal from Newcastle, New South Wales, struck during hazy weather on the coast of Rabbit Island. After a time the wind freshened and blew off the land, when the vessel was backed off ; but it was found that her rudder was disabled, and that she was rapidly filling with water. The barque Sussex soon afterwards hove in sight, and her commander, Captain Gregory, gave all the assistance in his power. The brig being un- manageable, however, was driven by the wind off the land, and the water in the vessel increased so rapidly, notwithstanding that the pumps were constantly used, that at about noon she sank in deep water about ten miles south-east of Rabbit Island. The Pet was owned by Messrs. Geo. Lewis and Co. A somewhat similar occurrence took place near the port of Newcastle, the barque Nau- tilus, Captain de Londles, running aground upon a ledge of rocks. Every assistance was given by the naval brigade and the life-boat crew, and through their exertions the whole of the .shipwrecked crew were brought safely to land. The vessel, however, became a complete wreck, and was afterwards sold for £99. It is said that the accident occurred through the barque refusing to answer her helm. The Cambodia, a British-built vessel, of 811 tons, bound from Bombay to the Guano Islands, has been lost, under circumstances not very dissimilar. The vessel falling short of provisions on her way to the islands, her captain bore up for Auckland, but, not having a proper chart, he found his way into the Manukau. On arriving within ten miles of the heads, breakers were observed, and the captain endeavoured to stand off and on until a pilot could come to his assistance. The vessel, however, missed stays, and struck the ground. The mainmast was cut away to ease her, but she became unmanageable, and the water having risen above her ballast, the captain and crew deserted her in the ship's boats, and went on to Onehunga in safety. The vessel, water-logged and strained throughout, was subsequently towed aground inside the Huia. The loss is also recorded of the New Zealand Government gun-boat, Pioneer—one of the finest of the New Zealand river steamers— which did good service during the recent campaign in the Waikato. She broke loose from her moorings owing to the fouling of her anchors, and drifted towards the Manu- kau Heads, where she was lost in the breakers on the south channel, only a short distance from the pilot station. Information has been given at Sydney by Captain Fraser, of the Dayspring, of a case of piracy and murder which has recently occurred in the South Seas. The following are the par- ticulars :—A small schooner from Sydney, on a trading voyage among the islands, was at the Island of Sandwich, or Fete (New He- brides.) The owner was anxious to get the as- sistance of some of the natives to work the schooner, and ten were engaged. The vessel then proceeded to sea, and on the fourth day, in accordance, it is presumed, with a pre- viously concocted conspiracy, the natives rose on the white men, four in number, murdered them, and brought the schooner back to Fete, where she was stripped, and a division made of the property. Shortly afterwards the schooner Sea Witch came in, and her crew, with the assistance of some natives from a neighbour- ing island, recaptured the vessel. There seems to be little doubt that the unfortunate craft was the Mary Ira, sixteen tons, Captain Unthank, which left Sydney on the 17th Sep- tember, 1866, on a trading voyage among the South Sea Islands. The South Australian Register gives some interesting particulars of the misfortunes which befel the ship Maggie on her voy- age from Port Louis to Melbourne, with a cargo of sugar for the Melbourne Sugar Refining Company. At eight p.m. on the 12th December, a storm commenced accompanied by thunder and lightning, the wind veering to all westerly points of the compass, and blowing most furiously. At nine p.m. the barometer was down to 28deg., the ship under low canvas, and everything wearing a most threatening appearance, when suddenly she made a plunge and filled the decks with water, which rolled aft in volumes, saturating everything in the cabin. At ten the lightning struck the foretop gallant mast and shivered it into fragments, knocking away the gear, and dropping the topmast in fragments round the deck. The gale in- creased until a perfect hurricane fell on the ship as she laboured violently in the trough of the sea, when suddenly one plunge more violent than all succeeded in reducing the fair form of the fine vessel to a complete wreck ; for down came maintop and top- gallant masts and yards, bringing with it the crossjack, mizentopsail, topgallantsail, and royal—all went by the run in one general wreck. With wheel and steering- gear washed away, the position was critical ; but being a new vessel, well put together, she stood the strain capitally, and made no extra water. This was the only ground for hope, for on reckoning up damages, one man was found killed, and another had his jaw broken. In some cases arms were dislocated and severe contusions received ; so that not only was the vessel disabled, but the crew were in a similar position. The master must be possessed of in- domitable perseverance, for as soon as the wounded were attended to, the progress of his ship was next contemplated, and not long, for Adelaide was chosen as the most eligible port in which to seek shelter. For several days the men laboured most unremittingly in cutting away gear and getting jury spars on end, having succeeded in saving a topmast and some of the smaller sticks. The mainyard was re- placed, a lower studdingsail was set for a top- sail, while forward the foresail and a kind of supernumerary topsail completed the equip- ment ; but even under this rig the master gives her the credit of making nine knots an hour. Immediately on reaching the anchorage arrangements were made to get off a surgeon to examine the unfortunate sufferers. 