SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The dead-lock continues ! But full of meaning as that short sentence is, it by no means conveys an accurate idea of the political situation. Matters, it cannot be denied, have arrived at a pass which must compel a speedy end of the difficulty, in whatever way it may lie arrived at. In accordance with the programme submitted to His Excellency before the recall of the M'Culloch Government, the Appropria- tion Bill was again sent up to the Council in tho early part of the month, after a severe struggle in the Assembly on the part of ( the minority, and with the Darling vote included. . Again it was rejected by the Upper House. Tile Ministry then announced that His Excellency liad consented to dis- solve the Assembly, with a view to test the feelings of the country, and this policy the Assembly endorsed by a majority of thirty-four to twenty. The Treasurer then asked for a temporary supply bill of half a million, which the Assembly has passed, but which the Council will not consider until Tuesday next, when in all probability it will be thrown out. The effect of this refusal may not bo important in the eyes of the Government, as Mr. Iliginbothani has pronounced the passing of an Appropriation Act to be, at best, a mere form. He sees no difficulty in " apply- ing" the public money without such an act. But to all others the crisis has assumed the gravest aspect. Two sessions have passed without the M'CuHoch Government being able to obtain an Appropriation Act ; a general ?election is about to be entered on, with- out supplies for the year having been passed ; the interval between the dissolu- tion of one Parliament aiid the assembling of another has tobo got over without other resource to the creditors of the state than is supplied by the Crown Remedies Act, and with no provision whatever for the civil servants and other em¡)loyés. This, surely, is a serious business ! Moreover, the contest is entered on by tho Govern- ment with the deliberate intention on their part to change the constitution of the country without resort to the source of thatConstitution. The Imperial Parliament is not to be asked to amend a Constitution which has been pronounced tobe unworkablo. Mr. Higinbotham has said, and he forewarns the Council, that as he anticipates the extinction of the (^position in the new elections, and that "unity" will prevail for the firsttime in the new Assembly, Government will go on without the Council and without Appropriation Bills. A warm supportci of the Government (Mr. Casey) has ex- pressed the opinion in the House that o revolution had been begun, and the Chid Secretary has applauded the sentiment, Ministers have for their object now, no1 the mere carrying of a grant of ¿£20,00( to Sir Charles Darling-for that cause of quarrel, Mr. Higinbotham tells us, ii too petty, and may bo left out of sighl -but the extinction of the Legislative Council as a power in the state, and the concentration of authority in a Legisla tive Assembly, in which there shall bl no opposition to the M'Culloch Govern ment. To this pass events have brough! us, His Excellency not having deemec it proper to resort to the usual resourci provided by the practice of constitu tional Governments on the rejection o Appropriation Bills. How this " crisis" has gone on fron had to worse since the date of our las summary we may proceed to tell. Oi the meeting of the Legislative Counci on the 2nd hist., Mr. Cole presented i .message from His Excellency, wind was as follows :-" The Governor, ii accordance with resolutions of the Legis lative Assembly, and having been in formed by the Secretary of State tha Sir Charles Darling, in concluding lengthened correspondence on the sul joel, has elected to relinquish finally th colonial service of the Crown, recon: mends the Legislative Council to conçu in a provision for the payment to Lad, Darling of the sum in anticipation c receiving which Sir C. Darling has tim retired from the colonial service of He Majesty." The discussion of this mei sage was postponed till the 9th instan when Mr. Cole moved that an addrei ho presented in repby, " informing H: Excellency that this House will coner in the provision for the payment t Lady Darling of the sum in anticipatio of receiving which Sir Charles Darliri has retired from the colonial service < Her Majesty." Mr. Highett moved a amendment, which assured His Exec lency of the loyal sentiments of ti House, submitted that tho proposi grant was one of an exceptional charactc and stated that it would receive serioi and earnest consideration whenever it w hrought before the House " in such manner as will not preclude us fro giving effect to our opinions upi it." The debate was short. Sevei mernbfcrs expressed their intentii to vote for the grant if it wc sent up to the House in a ser rate bill, and Mr. Highett's amen mont was carried by twenty to five. hope was expressed by Mr. Fraser ti this statement of the Council's vie might induce His Excellency to requ: his Ministers to separate the Darli grant from tho Appropriation Bill ; h the hope was a vain one. His Exe lency's reply was in effect that t question alluded to in the Counci address was " one of Parliamentary d crenion," and that while it was "] earnest desire to contribute, so far he ' can properly contribute, to the moval of existing differences betwe the two Houses, it is clearly uni sil able that lio should intervene in such a manner as would withdraw these differences from their proper sphere, and so give to them a cha- racter which does not naturally belong to them-of a conflict between the majority of one or other of the two Houses and the representative of the Crown." On the same clay on which His Ex- cellency's message was presented to the Council, a message similar in terms was presented to the Assembly. In answer to Mr.' Duffy (who expressed his inten- tion to vote for the Darling grant if it were presented in a separate bill) the Treasurer stated that it was the inten- tion of the Government to include it, as before, in the Appropriation 1301, and the whole of the Esti- mates, with the exception of the grant, were passed without opposi- tion. On the 0th, His Excellency's message having been taken into con- sideration, Mr. Verdon defended the Government) from the chargo of wrant of courtesy to the Council, inasmuch as the concurrence of that House had now been asked ; and of assuming an insult- ing attitude to the Crown, on the ground that a separate message had now been sent down bv the Crown. To these de- fences Ur. MacMaüöiI W\ Mr, PvuT/ replied, urgiug that the vote would* be à piccedent for rewarding or corrupting Go- vernors, and it would be just as dangerous to the public liberty for the Assembly to coirupt Governors as for a Governor to corrupt the Assembly. In either ease the equilibrium of the Constitution would be destroyed. The debate, how- ever, was not marked, by much anima- tion ; a number oí members of the Op- position were absent or did not vote, and the. grant was agreed to by thirty- nine to ten. On the 16th the Appro- priation Bill reached the Council. An extensively signed petition from Ballarat was presented against the Darling grant, and, on the motion for the second reading, Mr. Highett, in a few remarks expiessive of his astonishment at the bill being sent up in an objec- tionable shape, moved as an amend- ment that the bill bo rejected. The result was as is stated above. Thus the Appropriation Bill was thrown out for the second time. On the 22nd instant, Mr. M'Culloch stated the intentions of the Ministry. He described the country as " placed in the most critical and dangerous position it had ever been placed in," .by the action of the Council, and stated that " either one House or the other must give way with regard to the manage- ment of the finances." To bring about that result an appeal would be made to the people of tho country by dissolving the Lower House, after the passing of an interim supply bill, and a short pro logation. The minute of the Chief Secretaiy on the subject, and the reply of His Excellency, will be found in another column. In the course of the debate, Mr. Higin botham remarked :-"We avow and believe that the Legislative Assembly has the right to grant any sum of money to any mortal it pleases, and that the other Chamber has no earthly right to question or delay the fulfilment of that grant. . . . Let both Houses, hav- ing committed themselves to the quarrel, boldly face it, Let each party accept the defeat which is forced on one or the other side by the opinion of the country. I shall do so, and if public opinion bhould be against the views now sup- ported by a majority of hon. members, no one' will be more ready than myself to say thatthatcountryauditsLegislative Assembly aro worthy of each other. . . . An Appropriation Bill for the year is a mero form-a very useful form, useful piincipally to Treasury clerks-but no- thing more ; and if those whose duty it is to give legal effect to that form think proper to reiuse to do it, I think the in- stance itself and the considerations be- longing to it and arising out of it, will constitute a liberal education in constitutional finances to the people of this country. I do not believe ii tho alarming consequences some lion, members anticipate." Mr. M'Culloel remarked that " the Councd must bt compelled to give way." Mr. Case] " regretted that extreme measures shoulc be necessary ; but if after a dissolutioi the Council would not give way, the] must be prepared to govern without th< Council. In plain simple language, tiri was neither more nor less than revolution but the people must be prepared ti meet it." Mr. Ireland, on the other side defended tho action of the Counci in a temperate and logical speech, ant combatted tho idea that the Appropria tion Bill was " a mere form," the Con stitution Act having given to tin Council certain well-defined powers, in eluding the right to reject a money bill Mr. Moore denounced the Ministry -fo having "accomplished nothing ;" havin found "their game played out," h said, "it was evident that the intended to Uve, and batten, an exist upon the quarrel suggested b them, fomented by them, and kei up by them, between this Assembl and the other branch of the Legii lature." The debate terminated i a vote favourable to Ministers b thirty-four to twenty. On the followin night (the 24th inst.), a Supply Bill w¡ passed, af tera vigorous debate, but withoi a division, and sent up to the Counci It is understood that whether the Uppi House passes or rejects the Supply Iii His Excellency will assent to the di solution, with a view to testing ti feeling of the country, and in the appr hension that the majority of the pr sent Assembly would refuse suppli to any other Ministry which migl be formed. Thus stand affairs. ] the meantime, Mr. Bear has givi notice in the Council of a motion f Tuesday next, pledging the House pass the Darling vote if it is sent up a separate bill ; but there is little dou that the Council TVÍU do no more thi repeat their promise to give full and care- ful consideration to such a measure if it is presented to them-a promise not likely to prevail now with the Ministry more than it did before. It is reported, that in the event of the new elections, the Attorney-General, will not contest Brighton, which he at present represents, but will throw him- self-into the arms of Collingwood. It is also stated that Mr. Verdon will not present himself at "Williamstown, but proceed to England as agent for the colony. Mr. O'shanassy is spoken of for Mandurang, but it is exceedingly doubtful whether he will re-enter poli- tical life. . Federal Council bills have been passed by the Legislatures of New South Wales and South Australia, for the management of the postal arrangements, on the presumption that the scheme ap- proved of in tho late conference will be carried out. Mr. M'CuHoch, however, has stated that ho has no intention at present to introduce such a measure ; and the hope grows stronger from day to clay that tho triplo scheme then sanctioned, under certain conditions as to the Australian terminus of the Suez Une, will not be gone into. Active preparations are being made for the reception of His Royal Highness the .Duke of .Edinburgh, of whoso move- ments since leaving" the Cape of Good Hope, however, no certain information lias yet reached the colony. THE POLITICAL CRISIS. , . The following is the documentary history of the crisis since tho departure of the last mail :-On tho 2nd inst. a message was pre- sented from the Governor in the Legislative Council, in these terms :- / "The Governor, in accordance with resolu- tions of the Legislative Assembly, and having been informed by the Secretary of State that Sir Charles Darling, in concluding a lengthened correspondence on the subject, , lias elected to relinquish finally the colonial service of the Crown, recommends tho .Legis- lative Council to concur in a provision for the payment to Lady Darling of the sum in anticipation of receiving which SirC. Darling lias thus retired from the colonial service of Her Majesty." A similar message was sent to the As- sembly on the same day. The Legislative Council postponed consideration of the sub- ject for a week ; and at tho meeting held on the 9tli inst., Mr. Cole moved : " That an address be presented to His Ex- cellency the Governor, informing His Excel- lency that this House will concur in the pro- vision for the payment to Lady Darling of the sum in anticipation of receiving which Sir Charles Darling lins retired from the colo- nial service of Her Majesty." Mr. Highett moved, as an amendment, the adoption of the following address : " We, Her Most Gracious Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects the Legislative Council of Victoria, in Parliament assembled, beg to approach your Excellency with a sincere as- surance of our loyalty and devotion to Her Majesty's throne and person. "Keferring to your Excellency's message of the 2nd inst., respecting the proposed grant to Lady Darling," we respectfully submit to your Excellency, Pthat the custom in com- pliance with which Her Majesty is advised to recommend to each House, in the iirst in- stance, exceptional grants finds no counter- part in a recommendation to the Legislativo Council of an exceptional grant to which that body has already informed your Excel- lency it entertains grave objections. .' Wo would, however, assure your Excel- lency that whenever the proposed grant to Lady Darling is brought before this Houso in such a manner as will not preclude us from giving effect to our opinions upon it, we shall be prepared to give it our eamestand serious consideration." The motion having been negatived, Mr. M'Crae moved, as a further amend- ment, tho adoption of the following ad- dress, in place of that proposed by Mr._ Hißhett : " We, the Legislative Council of Victoria, in Parliament assembled, desire to acknow- ledge the receipt of your Excellency's message, dated October, 18117. Your Excellency in such message asks the Legislative Council to concur in a provision for the payment to Lady Darling of the sum in anticipation of receiving which Sir Charles Darling has re- tired from the colonial service of Her Majesty. The Legislative Council desire to express their regret that such concurrence was not asked for by your Excellency prior to the introduc- tion of the Appropriation Bill, winch was rejected by this House on the 20th of August, 18(17. At the same time, the Legislative Council, having resolved as to all subjects of aid ancl supply that each of the Houses of Parliament should be guided in all matters and forms relating thereto by tho prece- dents established by the Houso of Lords and by the Houso of Commons respec- tively, the Legislative Council, in follow- ing out the precedent of tho House of Lords in messages of this kind from tho Crown, do inform your ISxcellcncy that they do concur in the provision named by your Excellency's message on behalf of Lady Dar- ling." Mr. M'Crac's amendment was lost, and the address proposed by Mr. Highett adopted. On the lCth inst. Mr. Cole presented the fol- lowing reply from His Excellency : "The Governor receives with satisfaction the renewed assurance by tho Legislative Council of their loyalty and devotion to Her Majesty's throne and person. "With reference to the last paragraph of the address of the Legislative Council, the Governor would observe that the question which is therein brought under his notico is one of Parliamentary discretion ; and while it is his earnest desire to contributo so far as ho can properly contribute, to tho removal of existing differences between the two Houses, it is clearly undesirable that ho should inter- vene in such a manner as would withdraw these differences from their proper^ sphere, and so give to them a character which docs not naturally belong to them-of a conilict between the majority of ono or other of tho two Houses and tho representativo of the Crown." On the samo day the Appropriation Bill, containing tho obnoxious vote, was again sent up to the Council, and rejected. On tho 22nd mst. Mr. M'CuHoch made a statement in the Legislativo Assembly, intimating that a dissolution had been determined upon, and read the following minute to His Excellency, with the Governor's reply thereto : " Minute for His Excellency tho Governor. "1. The Chief Secretary informs tho Go- vernor, with deep regret, that tho Appropria- tion Bill for the year has been a second time rejected by tho Legislative Council. "2. The only means by which claims against tho stato can be met arc by acts of special appropriation and by process of law. " 3. Under theso circumstances, His Excel- lency's advisers would bo prepared to allow: the law to take its course, casting all respon- sibility upon those who have, in their opinion, produced this stato of affairs ; but they arc aware that, as yet, the opinion of the peoplo on the courso adopted by the Government and the majority of the Legislativo Assembly hua not been directly obtained ; and His Ex- cellency's advisers are anxious that His Ex- cellency should bo assured that tlicy do not desire to etade the decision of public opinion, and they aro prepared to talco the responsibility of advising a dissolution of the Legislative' Assembly. ."4. It is right, however, that His Excellency should know thttt the decision of the peoplo at the general election will be regarded by his advisers as final ; and that the advice which they may subsequently regard it.as their duty to tender to His Excellency will bo founded on that conclusion. - "5. The Chief Secretary, therefore, bogs leave to advise that provision be made, by a , temporary supply bill, for the current public expenditure ; anti that Parliament be pro- rogued, with a view to a dissolution. "JAMES M'CULLOCH. "Chief Secretary's Offices, Oct. 22." "The Governor has received the Chief Secretary's memorandum of this day's date. " He learns from that memorandum that his advisers entertain tho opinion that exist- ing differences between tho two Houses cannot he solved without an appeal to tho people. Under these circumstances, there- fore, and bearing in mind the fact that the Queen's Government is now incapacitated from performing its functions in a strictly constitutional manner, the Governor accepts the advice now tendered to him. ¡ "J. H.'T. MANNERS SUTTON-, "Oct. 22." A motion submitted hy Mr. Macpherson "That, in the opinion of this House, no Mi- nistry is justified in advising a dissolution of the Assembly, whereby the Executive Govern- ment will not bo relieved from their existing inability to perform their duties, in meeting the requirements of the public service, to tile Crown and to the people," was negatived by thirty-four votes to twenty ; and on the fol- lowing day the Treasurer submitted a tempo- rary Supply Bill, which has been passed through all its stages in the Assembly, and awaits the sanction of the Upper House. SOCIAL. Our summary of the month's intelligence this time contains very little news of any special moment. The month has not been a lively one. Tho weather has been shock- ing, and trade has languished under the in- fluence of our political dissensions. AVe have done a great deal towards the arrangements for the proper reception of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, but very little in- deed towards the settlement of the crisis, and the stimulus which tho former lino of ac- tivity has given to contain trades has been far outweighed by the depressing effect produced by the hopeless character of the latter under talcing. In the country parts, great damage, some loss of life, and an immense amount of discomfort ami inconvenienco have been occasioned by the floods produced "by a month's wet weather. The young crops, also, have sustained injury from the same cause. The marriage of the Hon. james M 'Cul- loch, Chief Secretary, with Miss Inglis, a lady recently arrived from England, took place on the 17th inst., at the residence of Mr. R. Sellar, Tennyson-street, St. Kilda. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Dr. Cairos, assisted by the Rev. J. 0. Dykes, and the Bishop of Melbourne and Mrs. Perry were among the guests on the occasion. Those painful episodes of Australian coun- try life in partially settled districts-the loss of children in the bush-have of late been more than ordinarily frequent. Lost month our summary contained an account of the dis- covery of the remains of the three unfortunate children lost from Daylesford last winter, and during the present month no less than three . cases of single children becoming thus lost have been reported. On Sunday, the 13th inst, a little girl, daughter of a labourer naniedM'Intosli, living close'to Buninyong, strayed' from her home and was lost. Tho fact being -discovered in the afternoon, all tho township turned out, not excepting lils Honour Judge Rogers, Mr. Warden Sherard, and all the local notabilities ; but after search- ing through the bush till after midnight, no trace of the little wanderer had been found. Tho search was maintained for days, and a few days ago the remains of the poor child wcro found in the bush about four miles away from the town from which she had strayed. On the same day, at a different part of the country-Amphitheatre, near Avoca-a boy of eight years, son of a German selector named Schmidt, wandered from his home, and a widely-extended and long-maintained search for him made by the neighbours was unavailing. The third case was that of a child of three years of age, named Hensley, living at Mount Macedon, who was missed on Sunday last, the 20th in^fc. The whole neigh- bourhood turned out on foot and on horse- back to search for the child, but for some days the exertions made failed to obtain, any trace of the wanderer. Two new paintings by modern artists, pur- chased in England for the gallery of the Mel- bourne Public Library, have been received and hung in their places. Ono is by Emil :Weber, a German artist, and is a view of Tyrolese herdsmen driving their cattle from the mountains on the approach of winter. The other is a replica by Mr. F. Goodall, H.A., of his picture of "Kachel at the Well." The artist, and also Mr. Thomson, agent for tho colony in tho purchase, consider the picture to be in seveial points superior to the original. Dr. Moussé, late a resident surgeon of tho Melbourne Hospital, has been appointed by the Government to the office of superin- tendent «of tho new Beechworth Lunatic ?Asylum. Four batches of the Gipps Land perch have been brought to the Yarra by Captain Darby, of the Gipps Land Steam Navigation Com- pany's steamer Murray, . and liberated in the river, to the live stock of which they will con- stitue a most welcome addition. The exer- tions of Captain Darby and his officers in this task have received the thanks of tho Anglers' Society of Melbourne. As being connected with the same subject, we may mention that, in response to an invitation from the Accli- matisation. Society, the Anglers' Society has appointed a. committee to co-operate with a committee of the former society in the selec- tion of a suitable site for forming a piseieul tural* establishment. Two places have been named as likely to bo well adapted for the purpose-one on Riddell's Creek, and one on the Yarra, near Dight's Mills. At the annual meeting of tho friends of tho Moravian mission, held at St. Georgo's-hall, it was shown that there were four Moravian mission stations in existence here. After some difficulties, the missionaries to Cooper's Creek had again taken up their station at Kopcramana, which was surrounded by na- tives, and promised to be an extensive Held for labour. At Port Lincoln a very success- ful effort had been made by the Rev. Mr. Kuhn. Thirty scholars attended the school, and made good progress in reading and writing. At Ramahzuik, Gipp3 Land, 3teady progress "had been made under the care of the Rev. Mr. Hayemann. There wera thirteen baptised aborigines- and twelve candidates for baptism ; thirty-five aborigines lived in houses in a civilised manner, and seventy-six upon the station. There were thirteen chil- dren at school, and eight young men formed an evening class. The school was under tho tuition of a native lady (Elizabeth Flower), who expected soon to bo able to pass an ex- amination to bring the school under the Board of Education. The station was assum- ing the appearance of a neat township, there being fifteen buildings besides the church upon it. The Ebenezer Station, on the Wim- mera, was tho oldest established ; and there good progress had been made. How the business of money-lending is mado to pay was curiously illustrated by an ex- amination in tho insolvency of Henry Lud- wig Meyl, A witness, David Henry, jeweller and money lender of this city, was examined upon an account rendered by lum in respect of a loan of £300, of which the in- solvent enjoyed tho use for about livo weeks. The learned gentleman who represented the creditors roniarlied of this account for usury and charges, " I suppose that never since the earth was cieated lias such an account as this been rendered." Tho charges, expenses, costs for lawyers (two), agents (two), valua- tors and umpire (five), bailiffs (twelve), and managers, &c.; (several), brought up the original £300 advanced to no less than £&'ÍL '2s. 9d. Of course,. it was ex- plained that some portion of the total sum mentioned in the account was for goods sup- plied and for money necessarily paid on in- solvent's account. But tho process of secur- ing a loan seeundum artem was explained experimentally in this case. First, a consent judgment was signed on an acceptance given, no advance having then been made ; then, two bills of sale for -E400 each, to cover au anticipated advance of a single £300 ; thon a third bill of sale for another £400, "to pre- vent any mistake," as it seemed there had been an incorrect description of the num- ber of one of the houses containing tho secured property. Then followed judgment;, execution, salo by sheriff, purchase, and re-sale by creditors of everything, aud all charges and costs laid against property which produced to the person who advanced the original £300 an amount nearly doubling it. A fatal accident occurred on tho 30th Sep tomber, at Leigh-road Station, on the Geelong and Ballarat Kailway, by which a stoker named George M'Donald lost his life. The stoker had jumped down to uncouple a waggon, when he was knocked down and mn over by the engine, the wheels of which severed both of his legs. He died within three hours. The inquiry made showed that the deceased himself was mostly to blame for the occurrence. The recent commercial treaty with New South "Wales, whereby the trans-Murray wines are allowed to come into Victoria duty free, has already produced a portion of its proper effect. The cellars of the Murray and Ovens Vineyard proprietary in Collins-street west, contain over 18,000 gallons of Murray and Ovens wines of 1S65-7 stored ready for the Melbourne market. The necessity of executing certain needful improvements to the harbour- of Belfast has been brought before the attention of the Government by a deputation of the leading citizens of that town. The deputation urged that the improvements (the cost of which was estimated at from £10,000 to £15,000) were to be regarded more as a national than a local woiit, for if they were carried out the harbour would become a port of refuge between Port Phillip and South Australia, and vessels would find there a safe harbour, instead of being obliged to run back to the Heads. It was further stated that no less than 30,000 tons of shipping had entered tho port last year. The Government promised to give the claims of the port every considera- tion. A destructive fire occurred early on the morning of the 17th inst., at the premises of Messrs. Kronheimer and Co., tobacconists, 21 Queen-street. The building contained pro- perty to the amount of £8,000 or £10,000, of which a quantity, roughly estimated at the time at £5,000, was completely destroyed. The firm was insured for £4,000. Tile meeting of the City Council for the election of mayor tool; place on the 9th inst. It was known that the contest for chu mayor- alty lay between Alderman Harbison and Councillor Butters, and that it would be a very close one, and considerable public inte- rest attached to the result. Councillor But- ters wns elected by the casting vote of tho mayor, the votes being equal. At Geelong, Mr. ]{. de Bruce Johnstone, mayor for the current municipal year, was re elected to the office, which has thus been con- ferred upon him for the third time. The important question of providing a sys- tem of sewerage for the city seems likely at length to receive some attention from tho corporation. A select committee has been appointed to consider the best means to bo adopted towards that end. An unfortunate case of the drowning of a woman and her two children occurred about three weeks ago, near Creswick. The woman was nnmed Mrs. Sherriff, and the accident oc- curred as she and her children were crossing Glendonald Creek in a spring-cart. A third child, who was also in the vehicle, escaped. The seventh annual meeting of the general council of the Congregational Union of Vic- toria was held on the 10th inst,, when, the report that was read declared the present liosition of tho union to be most satisfactory and encouraging. The annual meeting of the Congregational College has also been held, and a report read, showing a deficiency, on the current expenses of the year amount- ing to £180, and stating the total amount of the endowment fund at £1,933. Mr. Selwyn, tho Government geologist, has. presented a report of the inspection recently' made by him of tho Cape Patterson coal- fields. The report does not at all favour the expectation that coal in payable quantities will be found in that part of the colony. Tlic early-closing movement progresses well. An enthusiastic meeting in support of its objects was held on tho 7th instant, at St. Georgc's-hall, and the practice which it advo- cates is gradually extending itself amongst the class of retail traders. The board appointed for the protection of the aborigines have placed their veto on the departure of the black cricketers, who had engaged to accompany Mr. Lawrence and Mr. Hayman to China and England. They stato that the effect of the changes of climate, tho excitement, and the temptation to which they would be exposed, would inevitably prove fatal to most orwllof them. Three of the team that went to Sydney last season, it appears, died when they wero on the way home, or soon after their arrival, in their old haunts about Lake Wallace. However,.a day or two ago the aborigines, then staying at Geelong, gave the board the slip. They went to Queenscliff on a fishing trip, took the oppor- tunity to got on board the steamship llanga tira, and went with her on to Sydney. A farmer of Dunkeld, in the Western Dis- trict, named Charles Lovell, was committed for trial lately on the charge of fraudulently concealing a will and life policy for £1,000 belonging to his deceased servant, John Johnson. When, however, tho case came on for trial tho Crown abandoned the pro- secution, and the prisoner was discharged. The subject of locking tho river Murray, with a view of improving its navigation and enabling its waters to bo applied to irri- gating xiurposes, has been brought under the notice of the Minister of Public Works by a deputation from Echuca. The object of tho deputation was to induce the Government to place a stun of money on the Estimates, in order that the survey recommended by the Poyal Commission may be made, with a view to locking the river, and otherwise improving its navigation. Mr. Pascoe pointed out that thero were vory few people now living on the banks of the river, in consequence of tho large amount of mechanical power which was required to raise tho water from the level to which it sank during the summer months; but it could be made available by means of locks, and conserved for irrigating purposes, If this were done, it was believed that a field would be furnished for half the population of Great Britain, Mr. Vale's answer was, that the work was an intercolonial one, and as such ought to be shared in by New South M'aies. He promised, however, to bring the matter before the Cabinet. Mr. Hugh Aitken, a brother of the Messrs. Aitken, proprietors of the flour- mills, Carlton, met with his death only a month ago, while following the hounds at the Flemington Hunt. On approaching a low fence his horse slipped on the soft ground, and missing its leap, fell over backwards, crushing its rider in the fall. The deceased- gentleman lingered for two days, and then sank under the injuries he had sustained. A disgraceful scene occurred in the Yack- andandah Police Court, a month ago, whou Mr. Power, president ot the shire council, in a very insulting manner, claimed tho princi- pal seat on the bench, which had been taken by Dr. Mueller, J. P. Mr. Powor afterwards addressed tho crowd in the court in a very violent speech, in which ho expressed his readiness to light a duel with Dr. Muolfer, who had by this time left the court. Mr. Power subsequently met Dr. Mueller, and applied some very abusive language to him. Ho was summoned before tho local court to answer the charge of using abusivo and threatening language, but elected to make an humble apology, and has since resigned his commis- sion as J. P. A return recently made relative to the Vic- torian Waterworks scheme shows that £01,173 Cs. Sd. had been expended for day labour : contracts to the amount of £341,000 had been entered into, on which £105,533 5s. Gd. had been paid ; the cost of surveys, supervision, &c.;, had been £03,734 8s. 8<1\. ; the total estimated amount, exclusive of exist- ing contracts, necessary to complete tho schemes in course of execution >being£H>0',000 ; and the ' net sum received by'thosaloof de- bentures issued under tho Public Loan Act, for the construction of waterworks, had been £191,758 5s. Tho occasional fluctuating movoments of population in a country inprocess of settlement 1 are instanced by the fact that tho township of Winchester, formed two years ago on the Crooked Hiver, and at which hotels, stores, and other buildings wero erected on land bought for £50 per acre, is now entirely de- serted, tho last inhabitant having left some three weeks ago. Two very serious criminal cases have boon lately heard at Kokewood, and, taken in con- nexion with other events of recent occur- rence, speak very unfavourably for the morals of the district. In one of these a man named John Tennant was charged, on the testimony of Mary Ann Norton, who had been in his ser- vice, with tho attempt to procuro abortion, The facts were that he had prevailed upon hoi to talco certain drugs with tho view of re- moving tho consequences of an intimacy which liad taken place between them, and had supplied her with money for the purpose. The Bench thought that the witness and tin prisoner should have been charged together; and regarded the case as one on which no jury would convict. Accordingly, they dis- missed it. On the same day, a charge was preferred against a schoolmaster, named Donald Murray, for having improperly as- saulted a little girl, under ten years of age, who attended his school. The evidence fully made out the charge, and the prisoner was committed for trial. It appeared that he had been guilty of similar conduct towards several other girls, but these cases were not for tho present brought forward. Mr. Hood, chemist, of Elizabeth-street, has been charged with an attempt to defraud the customs by importing 121b. of opium con- trary to the act, which proliibits the impor- tation of this drug in quantities less than 451b. However, the evidence went to prove that the defendant was ignorant of the con- tents of the package forwarded to him from London, and that there had been no attempt to defraud the rovenue, the sender having shipped the packet in ignorance, and the case was dismissed. Some of the members of "Blue Cap's" gang of bushrangers, by whom the Murrumbidgee district has for some time been infested, were recently captured, and have, since they have been in custody, made very curious disclosures in respect to those by whom they have been harboured and assisted. One instance is worth mentioning, A good deal of notice was attracted at the time of its occurrence to the supposed "deadly combat" of one Doolan with the bushrangers, who had shot his horse, captured him, and were proceeding to shoot him but that his life was spared at the inter- cession of a woman who ran out from the station at which the affair happened, and begged the bushrangers not to kill him. Doolan was regarded as the hero of the day, and a picture of the dread struggle was published in a Syd- ney illustrated paper. The confession made by one of the captured bushrangers, "Jack the Devil," has spoiled the effect of all this. It now appears that the whole affair was a sham, got up at the suggestion of Doolan, to "make him look a gamer man to the police as had got a down on him for being a telegraph" to the bushrangers. He has been arrested, and will probably be invited to give an ex- planation in regard to this little matter. Several persons have been arrested and com- mitted for trial upon the information supplied by the prisoners. Mrs. O'Neill, tho actress, better known as Miss Anna Maria Quinn, whose arrest on a warrant from New Zealand, charging her with larceny, and dischargo on the ground o£ informality in the proceedings, have been be- fore reported, was again apprehended ou n warrant from Hokitika. This timo tho caso was heard upon its merits, when the Bench, considering the evidence before them insuffi- cient to justify them in remanding the pri- soner to New Zealand, from whence the de- positions relating to the case had not been forwarded, discharged her. The Emerald-hill Borough Council havo sought to obtain from the Government the permission to employ a number of prisoners in the improvement of the South- park and draining of the large swamp between Em- erald-hill and tho barracks. The Chief Secre- tary intimated that the Government would at once consent, to the proposal if it could bo shown that the prisoners would bo properly secured. It appears that the erection of a lo- cal gaol would bo necessary, and this will probably form a bar to the realisation of the project. The repairing of the long-disused Essendon Railway, preparatory to its re- opening for general traffic, has been proceeded with with considerable activity, with the view of having the line ready for running during the Spring Meeting ol' the Victorian Racing Club. Tho sleepers had to bo taken up and replaced, and the line has also been newly supplied with ballast. A new siding has been con- structed, together with other additions and improvements. Something has gone wrong again at tho Sunbury Industrial School. Dr. Julian, the resident medical officer, has resigned because ho will not, as he says, submit to "be bullied and dictated to by tho chief medical officer." Mr. Pye, the superintendent, has been trans- ferred to the school at Prince's-bridge. A charge of serious misconduct has been made against a contractor for Government funerals named Roderick M'Kenzie. A poor woman named Mrs. Brady wrote to this jour- nal to complain of the way in which tho funeral of her deceased child, which on ac- count of the poverty of the mother was in- terred at Government expense, wasconducted. The coffin provided being too small for the body, force was used to crush it into its place, with such consequences as, caused the utmost pain and indignation to the sorrowing mother. An inquiry was mado into the circumstances, the result of which has been that the Chief Secretary has ordered that M'Kenzio's con- tract shall bo at once cancelled, and that he shall be disqualified 'for any future employ- ment under Government. A testimonial, consisting of a handsome silver cpergno and a purse of sovereigns, has been presented by the inhabitants of Rich- mond to Mr. Philip Johnson, in recognition of the services, which, during the last cloven years, he had rendered to the borough as councillor, mayor, magistrate and private citizen. A committee, formed of old residents in tho West Indies, have taken np the task; of endeavouring to collect contributions from their fellow citizens, to relievo the distress in St. Kitt's, occasioned by the fire which in July last totally destroyed the town of Basse- terre. Projects have been mooted for establishing a distillery at Wangaratta, in the north-west, and another at Belfast, in the south-east. Both towns are situated in large agricultural districts, so remote from Melbourne that at present rates farm produce cannot be con- veyed to market. It is considered that the consequent cheap prices ruling there for grain would give great advantages to such undertakings as those proposed. The Government have resolved as soon as possible to appoint a Royal Commission to inquire into the expenditure and manage- ment of the Victorian Penal Department We also learn from Mr. M'Culloch, that prior to the departure of the Hon. John D. Wood from the colony, he undertook to inquiro inte and report upon the various modes of prison discipline adopted in all the principal cities both of the old and new worlds. The celebrated caso of Bruce and other, (railway contractors) v. The Queen is nov finally settled. The costs incidental to tin appeal to tho Privy Council and the costs o the agreement for arbitration have been ad justed by tho prothonotary, whose decision i: not to be reviewed. The Crown solicitor'/ costs, £1,095 8s. 2d., were taxed down t< ¿37-1 Is. 3d., and those of the petitioners wen taxed from £1,540 13s. 2d. down to £1,471 Ss. 4d. A sketch recently given by a local journa of the town of Warrnambool shows that i has now a population of 3,000 persons, ant an annual ineomo of £4,000. The tramwa which connects the town with the port is th property of the borough, and lost year re turned a clear profit of £1,200. The produc exported was valued at £180,000, and tin' year tho amount will be £200,000, low as th value of agricultural produce is thcro. The City Council has at length decided o tho stone to bo used in the construction c tho new town-hall, the foundation-stone c which His Royal Highness the Duke of Edit burgh will bo requested to lay during li: stay in the colony. The stono selected i freestone, from Glnister's quarries in Tai mania. The Rev. Father Christopher, a priest r. tho orthodox Eastern Church, has arrived ii this colony on a visit, which bos for its mai purpose the soliciting of aid on behalf of mission at Jerusalem, with which he is coi nectcd, and to which ho ptoposcs to retur at the termination of his Australian tour. Georgo Simpson, a mining malinger of Ba larat, was charged before the Ballarat Circu Court with tho manslaughter of Williai Thompson. The latter was a contractor i tho claim at which Simpson was manage and in the courso of a quarrel that took plai between them Thompson was struck on ti head with a theodolite by the defendant. I fell, never spoke afterwards, and died withi a few days. Simpson was convicted of ti charge, and received tho sentcnoo of oi month's imprisonment. It is estimated that, at the lowest calcul tion, 2,000,000 sheep will bo shorn in ti Wimmera district this season. Reckonit from 17s. Od. to £1 per 100 sheep for shearin nearly £20,000 will be paid to tho shearers i that district for their services.. The magu tude ©f the interest is shown by the fact Min taking the minimum value of each ileeco i 3s., the gross valuo would bo £300,000. The movement commenced to establish society for tho relief of indigent persons of bnth and education has lesultcdm the forma tion of ' The Home Visiting and Rchof So ciety the rush to the Barrier Ranges is so much a thmg of tho post as to be almost forgotten now but it is recalled by some items of news which recently leached Deniliquin rho in tclhgtnce was to the eliott that peoplo wero leaving the place m hundreds and not a speck of gold was to be obtained As tho want of water which so long piovonted tho country fiom being properly tested has of late been lemedied the pitstnt result may bo regarded as íinal A poison who lately arrived in Sandhurst from the ranges stated that m crossing them he discov eied a mau 1> m0 dead with a swag bj Ins side On searching the bodj he found £21 a h ni loci et and i letter bearing the name of Duseoll On going a little further he disco\ eied the dead bodies of a woman and a child about tinco j eira of age He then pioeeeded to H ty aud gavo information to the authorities A man named Cooclndi c recently murdered his wife at Mount Gambici by stabbing her repeatedly with a carving knife and subsc quently made an nicffcotiv e attempt to cut his tin oat Ile has been committed for trial on the chmge of wilfv 1 mindel the ninthj evinced m tins port m the matter ot whahnt, enteil rise has often been commented upon ni the pi st Instances of the 01 poi tunny thus neglected for the ad vantngeous employment of eipital tro often alloided Cni tain buv eil of the s s Black lud i eported lately a, tin that on his pnssa0e from Sydney to Melbourne lie fell m with a school of whiles off tho Dioined uy and again with anothei school oil twofold Bay A company is now about to be oigaiuscd to send out one oi moie w haling vessels A gul of seventten yens of ago named Rtl coca. C1 uko hitó been committed foi tuai nt Ballm at on the charlo of toiicoahnent of the hirth of a child Ino pnsonet admitted being the moth« of the child and that she had placed it wheic it was found butdenied that it had evei lived The medical tosh mony on this point was lather doubtful and the prisoner who was charged with the mm dei of tho infant w as committed by tho Benth on tho smallei charge lwosailois named Charles Newstead and Thomas Parry weic tried at the Criminal Sit tings foi tlnowing oil of Mtnolupon a woman named M ugaiet Simpson Aftui healing tho evidence winch besides tho duect statement of the woman as to the act proved that tho pnsoncis had m the hearing of sevcinlpcr sons used threats with legard to hei the jury af tel a very short dehbeiation ae putted both pnsoncis vu y much to the suipuse of Mr Justice Bairj who appealed as if ho could not believe that his cars accuiately htaid then \cidict His Ilonoui adopted tho \ ( ry unusual cotuse notw lthstauding tho de cisión of the juiy of dnccting the inisonors to giv e sccimty to keep tho peace towards Simpson and nil Her Majesty s subjects for tho space of twelve months and to bo nn pnsoned until such seeuuty be given Being unable to lind tho security required tho men w tie sent to gaol Uns proceeding has beon c lulled it m legal circles and we belle vo that steps tv ero about to be t ikon foi questioning tho decision aimed at by tho Couit lim men howovci were released a few days a=o by order of tho Government It is stated ni Sydney that some discoveries of v ei y nell ores of coppei havo lately been made on the Hinders Kuti Gull of Car pontana lliey compuso metallic coppei and greyoies which have given a high analysis A company is beni-, iormed in Sydney to dev eloi c the mine A Huddersfield newspapei in noticing tho prej arations now being made m those colonies loi the leception of the Duke of Edinburgh exhibits as much ígnoi aneo as could well bo compiessed into i paingi iph of foin or hvo lines It sajs - Hie Duko of 1 dnibuigh is expected soon to nine at ¡sidney (sic) 1 xtcnsiv o additions and alterations aie being made at tho Governors residence toorak for the iccoinmodation and entei t unmont of His Rojal Highness It will be seen that, besides misspelling the n une of tin capital oí New Soutli Wales that city is mist ikon for the metropolis of Vietona Hie woiks at the Williamstown Giaving Dock aro progiessuig satisfactorily and it is expected that the present contract will bo finished ibout the end of tho yt ai 1 ho next coi tract will m all probability be for tho completion of the woiks and it is behoved that the dock will bo le idy foi use about the end of the jeal lfc>09 It is asscited by com 1 et nt judges that the docl when hmslied w ill ho as good a piece of work of tho kind as any m tho woild The official returns of the Imnugiation do paitment show tint between tho 1st of January and the 2i>th of July last 2 lol per Mils ona ed ni the colony undoi the immigra tion legulations lho numbul who came from Lngland and Walts was 026^ fioin Scotland 171 i and fi oin Ii eland 1 lo J We also obscivo that in tho month of JulyJoOl poisons ni m til m the colony amil lbO per sons sailed horn it 1RLPARATI0NS TOR HIP lirCEPTION 01 THL DUKE Or LDlNBLRGH The pi evading subject of interest during tho month-that to which all others havo been suboidin lied-has been and continues to be the foithcommg visit of H K H tho Duke of ] dmbiugh "Wo hav o lately had a 1 ohtical cusís in fact two or tinco-and Vic tonan people dearly hko a crisis-but still tho supcnoi mteicst of the expected holiday maintains its giound against all othci attiac tions Wo aie to havo a general election too but peoplo seem to think much moro about the banquet ind the ball and tho illumination and the general feast with which the Punces visit is to bo cole biatcd It was thought at ono timo that an election tal in0 place would spoil the public holiday but now it seems moie hi ely that the holiday spmfc of tho people will rtduce to a veiy low ebb tho mteicst til en m tho ehction Political agitatois will find it difficult at such i timo to get up much excitement about tho Dalling vote oi the pilvlieges of tho Assembly Wo can have t political ci isis any d ij Crises hav c not been so raro w ith us during tho lost few vtnrs that wo should put oui sel v es much out ol the way about another But tho visit to the Antipodes of a limco of tho Royal family of 1 nghind is an event which has novel occiinod beforo wlneli may not oecin foi a long vvlnlo ngnm and winch the ] copie of Vietona nie eloteinunoil shall bo celebrated as it désenos It is nob regal dod as a iiublic concern only and so left altogether to publie bodies but as a matter that has an mtciost foi all and in which each should bom a, pait lho newspapers teeni w ith suggestions supplied by ingenious conos] ondents and the mv entiv e talent of the couiniunitj appeals all to be biought to boat upon the subject Meanwhile picpara lions ai o being pushed rapidly forwaid pub holy and piivatoly, tho gasfittcrs and doeoia tois hav o a busy timo of it illuminations and ti mspaiencios of all kinds and in all designs aie benig fitted np in everysticct Lvery night ciowds cm bo seengatheied vvatohmg some display of tins soit which has boon lighted up to test its eflect Anybody who can design a novel ciown oi star or mt rlaco Prince Allied s initials moro moxtucably than has evei been donebefoie is now looked upon as a mun to bo valued There is no doubt that wind and wenthei permitting, the illuminations will ho nu lmmenso success and nial e the streets of Melbourne fiom one end to the other as brilliant as hy day Bunting has been an ai title m gie it demand Ila tish ensigns St G toi go s ensigns Union Jacks and Royal Standards havo beon sold by the thousand Efioits havo been mado to givo the city its v cry best aspect by the time tho Duke arrives Tho îoadwny of Collins sheet, along winch the Royal corteña wil pass is being made m a stylo su peiior to anything evei done m Mol bourne m this way before The front of tho Jreasury which mi"ht othorwiso havo remained long unfinished ib being complotcd by the addition of a noble flight of steps anti handsome teriaco at a cost of somo £7 OOO Hie splendid hall of tho now Exhibition building with its rotunda fountain courts, supper looms, and galleries has boen fitted anti dtcoiated m magnificent style for tho grund ball to bo hold there in honour of tho 1 j ince and a litnidsomo dam and canopy aro being iittcd up for tho icception of tho Punce and Ins btute lho viow winch tho brilliant da/zlmgly lighted hall will present, when filled with its gay company is ox I pected to bo ono that will leave far behind. it any display of this kind ever yet seen in Australia. The Philharmonic Society is actively engaged in preparing for a grand concert with a chorus of 400 voices, in which " Athalie" will, it is anticipated, be rendered ?with a power in this part of the world hitherto unequalled. Then an odaic cantata, entitled "Galatea'Secunda,"has been written by Mr. It. H. Home, and composed by Mr. J. Summers, as a musical address of welcome to our Royal visitor. Its rehearsal mado a, favourable impression on those by whom it was attended. A lady has composed "The Eoyal Galatea Waltz " in honour of tho Prince, and dedicates it to the ladies of "Victoria. New industries have been called into lifo by the desire to omit nothing in paying homage to the coming guest. Three pieces of artiUery, intended to fire salutes, Lave been cast at Sandhurst, where scarcely anything but quartz-crashing machinery had «ver been cast before. A dancing master, struck by reading how effectively His Royal Highness danced a Scotch reel at the baU given to him at Rio de Janeiro, has become impressed with the idea that proficiency in ?reels will be an indispensable accomplishment tit the forthcoming ball here, and advertises -that ho gives private lessons in Scotch reels "under Royal and vice-regal patron- age." It would bo impossible, and ex- tremely undesirable, to detail aU the -modes which inventive fancy " has hit upon for doing duo honour to our guest, but enough has been said to indicate the spirit -that pervades the community in regard to -the subject, and to show that his reception at the metropolis of Australia wül be a brilliant -and an enthusiastic one. The Royal Reception Commission has so far determined on the general course of pro- ceedings during our Royal visitor's stay as to enable us to give a general sketch of the official programme. It has been fixed that the landing is to take place at Sandridge pier, not at Williamstown, as the inhabitants of that "fishing village" would gladly havo had it, and not at St. Kildat in spite of aU -thepressure that tho "fashionable suburb" could bring to bear. Sandridge is our port, and at Sandridge will the Prince land. Ho will be received on the Railway pier by %tho .mayor and corporation of Sandridge, who will present an address of congratulation. The Prince will then proceed in the Royal carriage along the Sandridge-roadto Emorald liill, where similar municipal honours will be paid him. From thenco the procession will pass over Prince's-bridgo, and at its nortborn end will be received by the mayor and corpo- ration of the City of Melbourne, who wiH offer him a loyal welcome from the citizens of the capital. His Royal Highness will then proceed through the chief thoroughfares of the city to the Treasury-buildings, where addresses from tho two nouses of Parliament will be presented. In tho evening there wiU be grand displays of fireworks, in contrai and appropriate positions. To the second day the commission has devoted the levée in the morning and the illuminations at night. The f ollowing evening is that fixed for the Sailors' Home Ball at the Exhibition-building. If a banquet and ball bo given by His Excellency, the times at which they will be held w11 form matter for future determination. The vari- ous friendly societies and public bodies will line the streets on the day of the procession from Sandridge to the Treasury, and a promi- nent feature in the day's demonstration wiU bo tho singing of tho National Anthem by the children of all tho common schools of Melbourne. Then during the stay of the Princo we are to have a day's racing on the .Flemington course, a day's cricket and athletic sports on the Melbourne Cricket-ground, and ?a grand regatta in Hobson's Bay, which pro- mises to be a most successful affair. The free banquet which some liberal and nublic-spinted citizens have proposed and «one much towards making a futuro reality, is intended to be a great public banquet, open to all, without distinction of class. It is got ?up by voluntary spontaneous effort, and sup- ported by unasked contributions, given by the tradesmen of Melbourne to their fellow ?citizens. The Eastern Maiket is to bo the site -of this great feast, which it is expected will he partaken of by ndarly 20,000 people Every precaution wül be taken to insure the main- tenance of the strictest order, and to próvido that in the midst of lavish abundance no waste shaU take place. Contribu- tions of all kinds are pouring in; the project has received the most favourable recognition from the press, tho public, ?and the Royal Commission, and there is no reason to doubt that a great success will be secured. And as in Melbourne so in the country. The commission estimate that the length of time which the Princo will spend in the colony ¡supposed to be limited to about twelve days) will not permit him to visit more thanour four leading provincial towns, Ballarat, Gee- long, Sandhurst, and Castlemaine. At these towns active exertions have been mado to re- ceive the Duke in a fitting manner, and sub- sidies havo been granted by the Royal Commission in aid of the funds locally ooUeoted for this purpose. At] Ballarat, a new hall is being erected expressly for the ball and banquet to bo given there, and extensive preparations of various kinds have been undertaken. The Geelong people proposo a grand regatta on Corio Bay, a feast to the poor, and other celebrations. The other two towns also have taken up the matter with an equal spirit, and the feeling of emulation will prevent either from lagging far behind. In the remote dis- tricts, where it is hopeless to expect a visit from the Prince, the residents display tho same desire to exhibit their loyalty by ob- serving his visit to the colony as a time of universal holiday, and every little township and village will organise fetes of somo kind in celebration of the event. The Western District has been anticipating that it is probable that the Princo will find time to take a trip through that part of the country, in order to moko acquaintance with the richly agricul- tural tract of Victorian soil. In view of such an event, the commission havo requested and obtained from Mr. John Moffatt, of Hopkins-hill, the promise to provide quarters for the Duke at nis magnificent residence, Chatsworth-house, provided that he takes a trip to that part of tho country. Arrange- ments have been made for lighting up almost every conspicuous mountain top in at any rato tlie central parts of Victoria with the ruddy glareof agrcntbonfirc, on tbenightof tho gone ral illuminations. Mount Macedon, Mount Alexandor, Mount Buninyong, Station Peak, Arthur's Seat, and many others will on that night bo crowned with tires that will bo visiblo from one to another, and many of With îespect to the timo when tho Princo may bo expected to arrive, wo have at present but very insufficient data for a calculation. We know, indeed, of his visit to Rio, of his touching on the 1st or 2nd of August at tho little island of Tristan d'Acunha, and stay- ing thcro for a day or two, during which timo tho inhabitants (fifty-four souls in aU) gavo themselves up to feasting and lioliday ; of his reaching tho Cape, and arrangements to leave thonce direct for Ade- laide on the 25th of September. But thon wo do not know whether ho might not havo been induced by a deputation, which it is known was to wait upon him at the Cape, to tako the island of Mauritius in his way. In fact, from his not having already been telegraphed from Adelaide, which ho would in all proba- bility have reached by this time had ho sailed straight from the Cape, it seems highly pro able that ho has consented to the wishes of tho Mauritius people, and lengthened his voyago by calling there. Even thon, wo may reason- ably expect to hear within a few days of his arrival at Adelaide, and a fortnight after to welcomo His Royal Highness in Melbourne. RAINS AND FLOODS. A long wet winter has been followed by a late wet spring, which has been spring only in name. The fine genial warm weather usual at this season has this year been re- placed by cold, heavy, and long-continued rains, winch havo in some parts of the country given rise to wide-spread and -disastrous floods. Tho great rainfall of the latter part of last month flooded all tho rivers and creeks of Gipps Land, and at Rosedalo and in places from thenco to Salo a largo tract of low country was under water. The carrying of the mails along those notoriously bau Gipps land roads became a very difficult and dan- gerous taskj and a great deal of irregularity in their delivery was occasioned. Tho mail to Stringer's Creek had to bo taken on pack horses, which in crossing a Hooded lagoon were mado to swim after a boat. All kinds of travelling in this district became almost -wholly susponded. At the > beginning of October somo more heavy rains swelled tho volumo of tho already flooded creeks, and Tcduccd tho roads to a frightful condition. Several fatal accidents were the consequence. The «driver of the mail coach between Rose- dale and Springer's Creek, while driving through tho Hooded lagoon before spoken of, unfortunately overturned the vehicle, and was drowned. Ho was named Frederick Stratton, and was well known as a steady, careful driver. Four or fivo horses woro drowned with him on the occasion, A fow days afterwards Mr. Archibald Campbell, an old explorer, to whom tho opening up of Gipps Land was largely due, and who cut the first main cattle track to Melbourne, was unfortunately drowned in the vicinity of Sale/ Deceased, his brother (Mr. John Camp- bell, of Glencoo Station)," and two other persons, were crossing a large shoot of flood water in a small boat, whon tho little craft capsized, and its passengers were left to struggle in the water. They clung for somo time to a little tree, until at length Mr. A. CampboU left the tree to attempt to swim to the Latrobe-bridge, with the intention of procuring a boat to rescue the others. He was nover afterwards seen alive, and his body was recovered somo days after. The tierce survivors were taken off after having been in the water for three hours. Tho samo night, a young man named Wil- liam Alder was drowned in tho attempt to swim a flooded creek in the same neighbour- hood. He lived in a hut which tho flood was surrounding, and it was in the endeavour to cross tho creek to a place of safety that the fatal accident occurred. _ The floods within a few days rapidly subsided, but not until a great destruction of property had been occa- sioned. The Ovens district about the same time suf- fered very severely. The Murray rose higher than it had before risen for years, as did also tho Ovens and Broken Rivers. For miles along the banks of these rivers the low flats were covered by wide dreary-looking expanses of yellow flood-water, and many families had to abandon their homes and seek safer sites on higher ground, The roads had by this timo become almost totally impassable. Traffic, except of the most urgent necessity, was everywhere stopped, and a large number of waggons laden with merchandise for tho higher parts of the district were pre- vented for a long time from travelling, . although their supplies were in some cases much needed. Out-of-door employment of every kind was suspended, in consequence of the inclemency of the weather, and great privations wero occasioned to the poorer classes. The crops, too, in many places I assumed a most unhealthy appearance, and tho general aspect of things looked very gloomy. At Myrtleford, a man named Hector M'Donald was drowned while crossing the creek towards higher and drier ground. The water rose higher than it hadevor been known to reach before, and great uneasiness was occasioned to those inhabiting ground threatened with inun- dation. 'The low flats around Wahgunyah, also, wero extensively flooded. Two other cases of loss of life occurred in this district one that of a carrier named Pitches, and the other that of a poor woman drowned in the attempt to cross a flooded stream in the Upper Dargo district. The flooded stato of the Murray and its tributary creeks caused great damage, and much more alarm, at the town of Albury ; out, fortunately, the more serious conse- quences which were apprehended were averted by a timely subsidence of tho great river. It was feared that the volume of the stream, then swollen to a great height by tho rains, would be still further increased by the rapid melting of the snow which then covered the tops of the lofty mountain ranges of the Upper Murray and Tumut ; but we hear lately that the snows have almost wholly dis- appeared, without causing any other effect than somewhat to delay the subsidence of the river. The mining district of Alexandra was for some time in a stato approaching that of a city suffering siege. All of tho low country between there and Yea was flooded, the creeks were overflowing, bridges were swept away, the Goulburn rose higher than it had before for years, and it was only with difficulty and great risk to life that even mail com- munication was maintained. Waggons and bullock-drays wore to be seen camped on small patches of land surrounded by ilooded creeks, and at other parts of tho road were capsized and "bogged" vehicles, the owners of which had had horses drowned in attempt- ing the passage of tho streams. Great alaroi was caused at Echuca about the 7th October, by the rising of the Murray, which attained a height in excess of any flood level reached for twenty years beforo. Tho river was upwards of tlurty-ono feet above summer level, and from Echuca nothing could he seen but ono wide expanse of water. The alarm occasioned may be estimated from the fact that six feet more rise would havo totally submerged the town, and the river steamers were bringing down news of a "wall of water six feet high" at Wahgunyah coming down the stream. To show the height ' of the water at this place it may be mentioned that in the ordinary state of tho river the largest of the steamers can easily pass under the bridge, which is, erected at a high elevation, but at the time referred to the bridge was entirely submerged, and another foot of water would have enabled tho steamers to pass over the top railings at tho side. The captains of some of the river boats reported that for moro than 100 miles coming down the Murray they wero unable to discern land on oither side, aud the course of the river was only indicated by the tops of the trees still visible above the water. The stations between the Murray and tho Goulburn were flooded, and tho squatters were obliged to look after such of their stock as had escaped being swept away, in boats. The township of Moama, on tho New South Wales side, was in a very critical condition ; Laico Moira was pouring down its waters upon it in one direction, and the Murray fast overflowing it in another. A large portion of the township was submerged, and the rise of two feet moro would havo placed it en- tirely under water. On both banks of the Murray and Campaspo many neat comfort- able habitations, with nicely-cultivated gar- dens, were deeply flooded, and in some cases utterly destroyed, and a good deal of loss of property was the result, An area of country forty miles across was covered with water, between the Lower Goulburn and the Mur- ray. At Swan-hill tho river was said to be ten miles in width. Under ah theso circum- stances, and with the apprehension of worse, it may ho easily imagined what a relief it was to Echuca and neighbourhood to hear from tho Upper Murray that the river had com- menced to recede, and that the melting of the snow, from which much danger was feared, had passed off without any material effect on the stream. It would be endless to give details of the losses occasioned by tho floods in all the various parts of the country. Tho districts which suffered most largely havo been noticed, but almost every district in the country suffered in some degree. Inarms havo been flooded, bridges swept away, roads rendered impassable, and many accidents at crossing-places occasioned. Besides the loss from actual floods, tho inclement weather has occasioned very extensive loss to tho shecpowners in districts where shearing was begun early, by its effect on the shorn sheep. In the Western Dis- trict, Mr. Wilson, near Mount Elephant, lost 800 shorn ewes from exposure to the wind and rain, and Mr. Robinson lost 300. It has also been reported that Messrs. Winter Brothers, of Colbinabin, lost 2,000 newly-shorn sheep from the effects of a heavy hailstorm. Although these accounts of disaster refer to a period of not less than thrco weeks ago, the weather hitherto has not so much im- proved as altogether to remove tho apprehen- sion of a continuance of them. It is still very unsettled, and far more wintcrliko than we expect to get at the end of October. DEATH OF DR. EADES. Death has lately removed from among us many who, at one time or another, occupieda prominent position in our small community, but the announcement of the deceoso of none has been received with greater feelings of regret than that of Dr. Eades. Tho de- ceased gentleman was born in Dublin, in 1809, being the son of a wine merchant of that city. Ho entered at Trinity College, where he took the degrees of M.A. and M.B. To completo his studies ho spent somo time at Paris, where he was a pupil of Orilla and other celebrated professors. After a tour tlirotigh tho Continent, he sailed for America in chargo of an emigrant ship, and on his return voyage narrowly escaped shipwreck. This was about the year 1833, when ho established himself in Dublin not only in successful practice, hut as a lecturer upon materia medica and medical botany to the Dublin University, a position which he occupied till he left tho city for theso colonies, in 1819. In thnt year ho went to Adelaide, but tho gold discoveries in this colony at- tracted him, with numerous other South Australian colonists/to Melbourne Here he commenced a lucrativo practice ; and ia 1855 began to take part in public affairs, when ho was elected a member of tho City Council. In 1857 ho became an alderman, an office which ho held till ho resigned, in 1805. In tho interim, ho had for one year (1859 18C0J held the position of mayor and chief magistrate of the city, which post ho filled with great credit to himself, having always distinguished himself in his character as jus- tice of tho peace. On the death of Dr. Mac adam, he was elected health officer, an offico which he retained till his death. Dr. Endes also distinguished himself by his connexion with the Philosophical Instituto of Victoria, a body which was afterwards known, as tho Royal Society. He was also till lately hono- rary physician of the Melbourne Hospital ; aud when a medical school was established here, a few years ago, in connexion with the Mel- bourne University, he was nominated lecturer on materia medica, therapeutics, and medical botany. His death took place somewhat un- expectedly at Windsor, on Saturday evening, the 12th inst. Some mouths since he was visited with a severe illness, from which, however, he recovered, and appeared till the day of his decease to have enjoyed pretty fair health. Ho had dined out on the evening preceding, but soon after his return to his own residenco he was taken suddenly ill, and expired in a few hours. The deceased was married twice, and leaves a largo family. It is to pay but a small tribute to the character of Dr. Eades to repeat the hack- neyed phrase that he died universally re- gretted. Pew men have had so many friends, and few havo met with so little in "tho way of unfriendliness. Ho embodied in its most marked manifestations the quality of geniality. He may be said to havo been a living representative of bonhommie. He lived in an atmosphere of kindness, and it was impos- sible to ho in his society for -five minutes without feeling that the existence of such men ns he should be accounted a social bless- ing. His happy, cheerful disposition was contagious, and whether you know hirn as a physician, a savant, a magistrate, or a friend, you were equally pleased and satisfied with him. He was that rarest of rare things in this not too polished community-a gentle- man; and his fastidious avoidance of any- thing tending to wound or distress others was one of Ins most prominent characteris- tics. He was buried on the 15th inst., and his funeral was numerously attended by tho citizens. SINGULAR WILL CASE. The wiU case of Macoboy v, Madden and others, heard in the Supremo Court, eccle- siastical jurisdiction, beforo Mr. Justice Molesworth, has, from its singular character, attracted some considerable amount of public notice. In it M. F. Macoboy, Esq., judge of the County Court at Maryborough, propounds to the Court for probate, as the lost will of his deceased brother, the late Jos. Macoboy, of Melbourne, solicitor, atestamentarydocument executed in 1857, by which the judge was left executor and principal legatee. The defen- dants, who aro the married sister of tho de- ceased and plaintiff, and the children of another married sister now deceased, resist probate of the document propounded. Thoy allege that in 1866 the deceased executed another will, by which he appointed the curator of in- testate estates his executor, and made a disposition of the property quite incon- sistent with that made by the will of 1857, now propounded ; and that in 1807 he rovolccd the latter will of 18G6, hy tear- ing it up (probably with tho intention, never completed, of making yet another will), and so when he died suddenly at his hotel at St. Kilda of aneurism of the heart, in 18G7, died intestate altogether, whereby hisproperty devolves equally on all his next of kin in equal thirds-on his surviving brother and sister and the children of a sister who died before himself. It is under- stood that the property left by the deceased was worth about £10,000. It included 1,100 shares in the Colonial Bank. The dispositions of the will of 1806 were principally in favour of two Hlegitimato sons of tho late Mr. Macoboy by a Mrs. Haines-who was to him as a wife for somo years before his sudden death by heart disease-with legacies to two illegiti matedaughters by another woman, and gifts, if the sons should dio unmarried and without issue, of £2,500 to the Roman Catholic bishop for charitable uses, and £2,500 to the Mel- bourne Hospital. The contents of the will of I860 became known hythe accident of a clerk seeing the tom fragments on the carpet near Mr. Macoboy's waste-paper basket, picking them np and posting them together till he made" out the will-an incident of which he confesses that ho has been ashamed a hun- dred times since he did it. At the second day of hearing, tho Mrs. Haines above referred to applied by counsel, in her real name of Miss Jane Piercy, to be allowed to come in and join the defendants in the present suit in their object of disputing tho will of 1857, which the plaintiff propounds for. probate by the Court; His Honour said that to a certain extent (so far as disputing the will of 1857) the present defendants wera fighting the battle of tho applicant ; but so far as she proposed to set up the will of 180G as still in force, they and the plaintiff were equally opposed to her ; so ho could not grant her application without consent, and such consent was not given. Thereupon his Honour said that Süss Piercy must bring her own suit-propounding tho will of I860 on which she reUes ; meanwhile no decree would be made in this suit which should prejudice her claims. On Thursday last his Honour delivered his judgment, de- ciding as matters of fact that the will of 1857, propounded for probate by Judge Macoboy, the plaintiff, was revoked by the later will of 1860, and that the latter was subsequently toni up. Ho reserved for a future day tho hearing of argument on the legal effect of these findings upon the facts. This leaves the question of whether the latter will of I860 is still in forco quite open for litigation in another suit by those who are most interested in maintaining it, \- DARING BURGLARY. Considerable excitement was caused in Melbourne on tho 5th inst. by a report that, on the previous night, the premises of Messrs. Adams and Co., silk merchants, of Elizabeth street, had been entered, and a largo amount of valuble property stolen. Abont six o'clock on tho evening of the 4th inst., Mr. Clarke, one of the partners in the firm, left the pre- mises, the door having been locked and pro- perly secured. On returning to business on Saturday morning, the 5th inst., he.found the locks had not been in any way tampered with, but on entering tho place he dis- covered that the covers of two or three boxes had been removed, and some of their contents were lying about the floor. Everything appeared in a state of the greatest confusion. On tho previous evening there was a large pile of silk rolls on the counter inside the window, but very littlo of it then remained. A quantity of ribbon which had been packed on ono of the shelves near tho counter was not tobo seen, and several pieces of less valuo were lying about on the ground, Dozens of yards of black and fancy silk were missing, together with several boxes of Span- ish lace shawls, each of theso articles being worth from £'¿ to £5. The thieves had also carried off several dozens of the most fashion- able neckties they could find. They proceeded to thesafe, which, unfortunately, had been left unlocked, and opening it they took out the cash- box, which contained about £30 worth of jowcllery, a portion of which was particu- larly prized by Mr. Clarke, because of its an- tiquity. The valuo of the whole of the pro- perty stolen amounts to nearly £1,000. Tho thieves do not appear to havo met with much difficulty in obtaining an entranco into tho premises. They first picked the lock of the door of the Australian Alliance Assurance Company's office, which is next to the shop of Messrs. Adams and Co., and then pro- ceeded to mako a hole in a brick wall which divided the two buildings. Messrs. Adams and Co. have been the objects of particular attention on the part of thieves and burglars, this being the filth time that their premises havo been robbed since they commenced business in Melbourne. CAPTAIN CADELL'S EXPLORATIONS. Tho following information us to tho pro- gress of Captain Cadell has reached Bowen: "Despatches havo arrived from Captain Cadell, dated August 30. The expedition ar- rived at the proposed site of tho settlement on the 22nd August, and landed tho horses in good condition. On the first night, the camp was rushed by alligators, and two of the horses carried off. A fino sito for a township has been discovered in tho track of aU tho ships passing through Torres Straits. It is situated on the shores of a deop estuary, where there is a plentiful supply of wood and water, and of stone for building purposes. A new river has been discovered to the west- ward, cutting off part of what has hitherto been considered tho mainland. Near one of Loichhardt's camping-places a white man, with a very white beard reaching to his waist, has been seen. Some members of the expedition are on his tracks. The tender Firefly has been swamped by coming into collision with the screw of the Eagle. The natives are friendly, and help to Biipply the ship with wood and water. The fuller telegram received in Adelaide as to the movements of the expedition has tho following -"Very good land is to bo found on the Liverpool and its immediate vicinity commanding easy water carriage, as it is a fine deep estuary The moderately dev ated land presents a healthy site lor a capital, with good water and stone in abund ance It lies almost dead in the track of all ships coming through Torres Straits, and is exnetly equidistant to our Queensland nnd Western Australian boundaries Tho mosquitoes are the greatest drawback I havo discovered a Ano river near the Liverpool in long 134° 35' lat 12° 5' Tho Pirtfly has been up it forty miles tho depth there being five fathoms and its breadth sixty yards with no indications of its increasing oi diminishing The nativts were exceedingly numerous East Arnheim's Land, which has hitherto been considered part of tho mainland, is a perfect Polynesia The Eagle entered a strait thirty milos long in lat 12° 3 long 135° 40, and came out in Arnheim's Bay Pastorally speaking for tho present it is a cattle country I have explored, feed most luxunant, but too coarse for horses, and too much grass seeds for sheep It is an undulating open forest, subject to very heavy floods in th( north west monsoons Samples of tho soil havo been taken Sur veying operations are only practicable dunng the south cast monsoons Maximum of thermometer, DO", minimum 54", the av crage being much cooler than South Aus traha " A letter recen ed at Bowen on the 23rd inst says that three white men, recovered from the blacks aro now on board the Eagle They hav e forgotten their language One of them made the letter "L" and the figures "l8 on the ground The news requires confirma tion. AGRICULTURE Up to the present time, or foi the two lost months the weather has continued broken and too much rain has fallon Tho early crops are beginning to suffer, even on the com paratively dry uplands, and on the low un drained hats the wheat promises now to yield but little Rust is appearing also, and should wo have another month of similar weather it will do much mischief But wo must hope for the best, and look forward to November being dry and warm, as it is m nine years out of ten , m which case all the lato crops will bo unusually good and tho total produce of gram will be tully sufficient for our own wants, if it does not leave a surplus for ox portation 'lho shipment of flour and wheat for England will now be discontinued for a while only to be recommenced should puces continue higher m Europe than from the last accounts we havo reason to expect 1 or we have not now a very large surplus re mauling on hand in this colony, and if tho nc\t harvest does not promiao to be good pnces of breadstuff's will riso stiU further Hie rise has already commenced, hut upon the weather of the next few weeks will it depend whether this continues or not Dairy produce and vegetables are now most abund ant and very cheap, good fiesh buttei selling m the markets at Irom Gd to8d per lb 1'wo or three months ago it was worth four times as much This was almost tho only item m tho provision list beforo too high, and it has now fallen almost too low Pork and bacon are still high m proportion to the prico of othei soits of meat, but it would appear as if w e cannot help eating our pigs as fast as we can mci ease them, and thus wo prevent any addition to thesupply of either pork or bacon 'Hie growing of potatoes was overdone last season, and they aie now scarcely worth cart mg to the ports of the western district m which they aro grown most abundantly Only from ten to fifteen shillings a ton hav e been obtainable lately, and foi the use of much of the land on which these potatoes grow five pounds per aero rent was paid m advance As the temporary tenant has also to buy seed and pay all expenses of cultivation, and only gets at tho most eight tons to tho acre, potato growing at such prices entails a heavy loss 'lho cheapness of mutton just now has greatly increased the consumption, and a family must be poor uideed if it cannot aflord a joint every day 'lho system of selling carcase meat by auction has taken much of this business out of the hands of the regular butchers who continuo to charge fiom ¿d to 4d a pound for mutton, while men who buy carcases at the sale yards have stands at the market, and sell half sheep for 2s or 2s Od A whole sheep, of small sue, weighs about 451b , so that the mutton costs httlo more than a Id a pound When Mr Moit, of Sydney, has completed his ar rangements we shall be able to send our surplus thousands of fat sheep to tho poor people of England, at a cost onlya trifle above the ordinary rate per ton for freight, and in the most acceptable shape besides This freezing process, proved and brought to perfection here, will soon croate a re volution in the provision trade of the world. Ships will be specially fitted up tor it, with double cased iron tanks in their lower holds, and w hen so fitted up it w ill bo only needful lo AH these tanks with meat butter, cream fruit, or any other perishable articles we may hav e at the timo to spare, freeze them by setting an easily managed ap paratus to work on deck and by afterwards working this for a few hours occasionally keep them in a frozen state until they reach Lngland Then, on the return voyage, ni the same tanks can be brought to us the eggs of salmon and other fish trees, plants, or seeds silkworms' eggs oi m fact almost anything of tho lund it may bo desirable to introduce And our mercan tilo readers will see that this must cause a vast increase m the ocean carrying trade when we tell them that we should send away fiom Melboumo alone, within tho next few months, ncariy three millions of fat sheep weighing at tho least 00,000 tons In the mtantime boiling down has been commenced, and a large quantity of tallow wall be sent w ith the wool this year. A beginning has also been made in the curing of tinned meats, but preparations have not been much as yet for carrying on this branch of business oxton siv ely. Tho rams have interfered much w ith shearing, but a few loads of the now clip hav e arrived m town and after a few days of fine weathei it will begin to come down very fast BOILING-DOWN AND MEAT PRE- SERVING. The vast increase of sheep on the pastoral lands of the Australian colonies has led to various schemes for turning the spare stock to account. Attention has been directed -especially since the complaints of scarcity and dearness havo reached us from England -to the preserving of the carcass ; but though various methods have been sug- gested and tried, it can scarcely be said that any ono of the plans has entirely suc- ceeded. The preservation of meat in its original freshness and flavour bos, however, become so nearly a success, that there is every reason to beliovo that continued scientific experiment will accomplish the desired result. The process of boiling down offers an easier and more certain means of using up our waste meat, and the recent introduction of tho process of preparing ' ' extract of meat " has added an additional source of profit to this industry. A boiling-down and meat-utilising company has been formed in Melbourne, with a capital of £15,000, and plant capablo of boiling-down 1,500 sheep a day has been ordered. Mr. E. Lowe, Breakwater, Geelong, has also had boiling-down machinery erected under the superintendence of Mr. John van Ilemert, and a successful start has been made. The tallow produced at the last establish- ment is described as of the finest and whitest character. The prospectus of tho Ballarat Boiling-down Company has been prepared, and will be issued in a few days. The capital is tobe£5000. AtBuninyongstcpsarebeingtaken to organise a boiling-down company ; and in the other colonies extensive preparations aro being made to boil down sheep on a largo scale. Already the machinery necessary for the carrying on of extensive melting opera- tions has been sent from Geelong to Hawke's Bay, New Zealand ; and it is understood that similar apparatus will be forwarded to other parts of New Zealand an soon as it can be got ready. In New South Walis, also, this business is being greatly extended ; and an ingenious speculator proposes to travel through Riverina with a portable melting apparatus, to convert the unsaleable stock' of the Murrumbidgee and the Lachlan squat- ters into portable and marketable barrels of fat. It is manifest, however, that if nn effective process of preserving meat could bo brought into use-such as is referred to in our agricultural summary-it would prove proba- bly a more profitable, and certainly a moro useful, means of using our waste meat. A few days ago a tin of beef from South America, preserved according to a process patented in England by Mr. Sloper, was opened at the Criterion Hotel. Some steaks from the joint were grilled, but the general opinion was that, although they were decidedly sweet, they lacked llavour ; whether the beef of the Argentine Republican is wanting, generally, in this English and Australian peculiarity wo know not, but such was the fact. The cost of a plant capablo of preserving 10,0001b. of meat per day, according to Mr, Sloper's pro- cess, it is stated would not exceed £1,500. THE LABOUR MARKET. No retrogression has occurred in tho maricet during the month. Remunorativo employment still remains within reach of those who live by labour. The arrival of tho John Temporlcy with 123 female immigrants created somo activity in the early portion of the month. The arrivals were distributed as follows :-Twenty were sent to Geelong ; and eight to Warrnambool, Belfast, Portland, and Port Albert respectively. The re- maining soventy-orw women found little difficulty in effecting engagements in tho city and suburbs. In consequence of the lato heavy rains and succeeding floods, shear- ing operations have been seriously re- tarded. Numbers of woolgrowers havo beon forced to postpone clipping operations until moro suitable weather comes round. In anti- cipation of heavy fleeces and advanced rates, a number of serviceable and efficient shearers left town for far-distant sheds somo weeks back. Their services wero eagerly secured ; they speedily turned tho tables, by taking ad- vantage of the unexpected wintry chango in the season, and avoided all compacts, oxcopt atmostdiEproportionaterates, Wagosforotkcr classes fluctuate, but in no instance assume a lower figure than those of last month. Tho total number of persons who arrived in Mel- bourne by sea during the past week was 200. Of this number there came from tho neigh- bouring colonies, 220 : United Kingdom, 21 ; Galle, 10. Subjoined aro quotations : " Shepherds, £30 to £40 per annum ; hut keepers, £22 do. ; shearers, 13s. to 15s. per 100, with rations ¡ lads (who can milk), 10s. per week : general farm labourers," 13s. to 15s. do. ; three-rail fencers (stuff laid on tho line), Is. 9d. to 2s. per rail ; grubbers and splitters and fencers, 4s. to 4s. 6d..per rod ; wood-splitters, 3s. 6d. per ton ; gardeners, 20s. to 25s. and 30s, (first-class)' per week ; bush carpenters, 18s. to 20s. per week, with rations ; general carpenters undertaking bush work, 26s. do. ; black and shoeing smiths, 30s. do. ; wheelwnghts, 35s. to £2 do. ; brickmakers, 18s. to £1 per 10O0, with rations ; married couples, without encumbranco (first-class), £GO per annum ; do. (second-class), £45 to £55 ; femalo servants (good) country, £20 do. ; cooks, housemaids, £20 do. ; laundresses, £26 to £28 do. ; nursegirls, 5s, to 7s. per week, Common labour may be quoted at 6s. to 7s, per day. Mr, Alfred Levi, of tho Victorian MercantiloRegistrationoflice, reports:-"Tho month just closed has beena very dull ono ; the unsettled weather has seriously interfered with drapers' business, only a few junior's having been despatched to the country. Commer- cial travellers are not required. Por book- keepers and clerks thero is little demand. For grocers and ironmongers' assistants thero havo been a few inquiries. Apprentices dull, Und boys' and youths' department neglected." THE GOLD FIELDS At Ballarat, the chief centre of mining m dustry, the pi ogress of mining, operations has been greatly interfered with by the delay m tho issue of the lease of the Public park and adja cent Crown lands to the Hand and Band Com pany, m consequence of legal proceedings having been talten by tho City of Mtlbourno Company, -which claims a portion of the ground by virtue of pre occupancy under miners' nghts The appeal to the Equity Court, however, has resulted in favour of the Government and the leaso Mill be issued as originally promised, the City of Melbourne Company hal nig liberty to prosecute their claims before the ordinal y legal tribunals Mining operations on the principal gold fields continuo to be piosccutcd with undi mmished success, and new eround has been opened up in several fresli localities At Dunolly an extensile rush has set m to some ground near the Common School, Burnt Creek A nugget weighing a httlo o\ er an ounce, and another weighing about fivo ounces, wero found in dirt that had been thrown up from an old and abandoned shaft A miner, vho is stiH living in the neighbour- hood, sank and abandoned tho shaft in ques tion some ten jears ago, and ho must then have thrown out the treasures which have now been brought to hght A rush has also takenplacetosoinenewgroundnear Lockwood which promises wr»ll Somo excitement has been occasioned at Bullock Creek, Sandhurst, bj the discovery of a rich patch of ground, in which stuff running two ounces to the load has been found There aro now about 400 miners on the ground Quartz mining at Alexandra is looking up, and there cannot bo much fearfortht future of a gold field which, within nine months of being supplied with crushing power, ha¡> sent over 1 SOO tons of quartz to the mill, yielding in the aggregate 7,173oz of gold, or an average of nearly four ounces to the ton, and is dailygiving stronger evidence of its nchness and permanency Tho prospects of the My er's Creole diggings aro by no means unsatisfactory There is still a population of between 1,400 and 1,500 miners at the rush, including about 400 Chinese, all of whom are industriously emDlojed Afine nugget, weighing o\cr lOOoz, -was found the othei day by a "hatter" working m Kangaioo Gully, Bendigo. VOLUNTEERS ATTACK AND DEFENCE OF GEELONG The chief o\cnt of the month in which our -volunteers have been concerned is a sham attack and defence of Geelong The idea onginated in this wise It had been decided some time before to hold a battalion parado of the Geelong and Ballarat volunteers, and m order to make up the numbers, drafts were made from the metropolitan and suburban corps of twenty live men from each. Bad «eather caused the postpone ment of tho parade, and when the date was finally fixed on it waa found that HM.C S Victona had also to go down to Geelong to ictchsomo guns It then occurred to the authorities that a very tnfhng expense would enablo the enlargement of the pro- gramme, and the addition to the proceedings of a strong clement of interest In con- sequence, Commander Norman received ad- ditional orders, and a fow pounds of gun powder were put on board, but the -whole affair \\\ as kept a secret, so that the volun teers might be the less prepared for thoir duties, save by their drill and intelligence. Accoi dingly, on one Wednesday morning, some 200 men of the contingents mustered at the Government railway teimmus, and wero forthwith carried to the Williamstown break waterpier, and marched on board the steamer, which had been brought up to the wharf shortly before Then the i essel steamed off foi Geelong Iho plan of operations was this :-It was supposed, that an enemy had landed and occupied a position at Point Henry, and a defensive torco having esta- blish ed itself on a plateau near thosoashoro and theGeelongGaswoik», the Victoria was tomako a feint attack upon the enemy's works, and then, having absoi bed thecnomy's attention, take the opportunity to land her men at Hulton's Pier, and so effect a junction with the defensivo force, and hold the parado Ihe men on board the Victoria behaved ox tremely well, and after a soldier s breakfast, the ship afforded a gay spectacle The snow white decks, the red uniforms, the music of the trainmgship band-the boys of winch plajcd their brass instruments with no little skill-tho bright sun hght, and the blue sea creaming with foam as the breeze freshened, put every ono into high spirits, and the -voyage was delightful After three hours' steaming she armed off Point Henry, and opened fire from her two 32 pounders ana 40 pounder proof Armstrong gun, admirably worked by her oun crew. Tins was the feint, and she passed on to opposite the town of Geelong, t>ull keeping up a bruk fire from her guns, backed by rounds of musketry from tho Na-v al Brigade on board It w as certainly an odd thing, but the town appeared at first so asleep and unpopulated that a very insignifi- cant enemy might have taken possession be- fore the people wero awake The cannon thundered o\ci the hay, and tho Barrabool lulls repeated tho echoes, but some hundred persons-tw enty or thirty at the end of the pier, and others at different points on tho hhore- were all the people that eould be seen, and they w ere taken utterly by surprise Pre sently, howcur, there was a stir ; men, women, and children wero seon to run, cabs dro\ e about furiously, and before long there was a regular stream of interested spectators taking the direction of tho ship as she headed towards Hutton'« pier, near the gasworks Still keeping up a fire dncctcd towards the supposed enemy at Point Henry, the Victoria prepared to land ker men at the pier, where a corps of engineers had fixed ladders and fitting appliances She had only three boats -pinnace, cutter, and surf boat-but in less than half an hour, men and officers were safely ashore to join their comrades already drawn up in hne on tho bluff The whole of the management of tho "Victoria reflected great credit on Captain Norman and his officers, who had but a sort of makeshift crew , and the disembarkation, -which took place under the command of Captain Eldor, was also praiseworthy The land force, numbering I some 700 men, was composed of the Geelong and Ballarat ArtiUery, without their guus, a detachment of horse artillery with one brass howitzer, and detachments from the Metropo- litan Artillery Corps. Tho whole body thon maTched together for parado, but tho weather became at this point so bad as to seriously interfere with the movements. Thero wero sharp showors and a furious wind, and tho volunteers and the spectators were wotted through, and the words of command wero not to bo heard. A few brigade manoeuvres were effected, but tho proceedings wore soon cut short, and tho troops marched into Geelong. The Colonel-commandant was in command of the whole force, "'Lieutenant Colonel Redo of the land forces, and Captain Fario of those brought on by the Victoria. Thero were 962 men engaged. The affair was further injured by the strange want of hos- pitality evinced by tho Geelong voluntcors, especially towards then old BaUaiat enter- tainers. A VICTORIAN MANUFACTORY OF BON-BONS. Among tho local industries thoroughly established here beforo protection in Victoria was moro than an idea is tho manufacture of sweetmeats-the enchanting fascinating " loUy," in all its luscious variety. At ono time, in 1855, when our population scarcely exceeded 300,000 persons, fully one-half of whom were grown men, past tho lolly absorbing ago, it is shown by Customs returns that £51,828 worth of this description of confectionery was landed in Melbourno within the year. Thero are several largo loUy-makers in Melbourno, whoso manu- factures wero described in the gushing re, port of one of the juries at the late Intercolonial exhibition- as " alluring to those who delight in the sweets of life," and " of excellent quality ¡ bright, clear, and pure, equal if not supenor to any imported." A large capital is invested in the business, and handsomo fortunes havo already boen made. So much for the ordinary British lolly the acid drop, the nectarous toffee, the striped sugar-stick, tho peppermint lozenge, tho in- digestible burnt almond, and all tho tooth- some scries. "We havo now to deal with a newer and more acceptable class of sweet- meat, scarcely to be obtained here till quite lately, although the bonbonières sold under the patronago of tho commissioners of tho late Intercolonial Exhibition might vio with any to be found in tho Ruo do Kivoli itself. That such a pitch of excellence of manufac- ture should be arrived at so early in Mel- bourne is too remarkable to go without explanation. Peculiar^ circumstances have wrought this result. First, bo it known that French confectionery has charms for the matured taste unpossested by the grosser British compound. Tho sugar may be no purer, but it is more delicately prepared : the flavours used-vanille especially-are more refined the things themselves stick not to the fingers neither do they cloy the palate and the aids of chocolate and w hat are known as chocolate creams aie called in to im prove tbt production of tho admired bon bon Then easier chemical processes and better machinery havo helped to perfect a newer system of manufacture which being far cheaper, is incredibly m ore popular That the making is an aflair of skill more than any thing else, is a fruitful cause of profit in the manufacture and M Maillard, the largest maker in New York is quoted as a millionaire even in that world of dollars A similar good fortuno seems likely to attend M Leonard Giraud of 189 and 191 Littlo Bourke street east M Giraud gradu ated vvlion yonng m the best Pansian bon bon manufactories became subsequently manager of M Maillard s vast establishment m New \ ork and has for some few years past been d eveloping in Vietona a trade which is gradu ally finding its way into every comer of Australasia Being a novelty in its way wo have paid M Giraud s manufactory a visit Lrench confectionery at least that winch M Giraud manufactures is of three kinds viz -of fruit of sugar and of chocolate , and the uninformed would httlesuspecthowmany and delicate are the processes which produce the contents of the httlo flat round boxes which fill so many shop windows and afford such delight to the consumer The prepara tion of tho crystahsed fruit which looks so sparkling crisp and dainty is the work of months The plums pears peaches or neeta lines as the case may be are picked from the finest in the market "When approved they aro made ready for use-plunged in hot water punctured with silver pins allow ed to he in sy rup so many days dried m certain tempera tures so many more , again dipped m symp till after a world of cart the sugar is incorpo íated with the very fibres of the fruit crystalli ation begins and finaUy the deb cious confection assumes that appetising aspect winch betokens its readiness for the mouth Making the sugar lollies is even more intricate for tho forms arc various and the mere drop is comparatively unknown to Trench art Instead they assume all sorts of fanciful shapes-they areraintature fruits and vegetables green peas beans strawberries laspbernes nuts turnips radishes canots quarters of oranges buttons and what not, named of a coating of sugar outside and within liqueurs or creams of ravishing flavour lu view of tho modes and means adopted to make these one is positively ashamed to remember the scandals of adul teration everything is so puro and clean Ihe finest sugar tho "Victoria Company can supply ground to flour translucent syrup compounded and boiled in copper vessels cunously shaped and numerous to bewildeiment simple vegetable colourings and complicated apparatus of admirable cleanness seemed to bo the materials and utensils But we must not pretend to lift high the veil that surrounds the mysteries of manufacture for the secrets thereof are held v ery precious How on oaith the hqueur is put inside tho loHies which betray no ox ternal sign of having been ulled is a wonder indeed As far as we could ascertain the outside form of the lolly is moulded in the flour of starch-no less subtle material would receive the delicate impression-then a hot liquor which has beon simmering m a copper pan for aJjçut a month, is poured in, and this as it cools, forms a delicate crust outside and keeps the stuff inside pure and fluid This coating is (then lilmed over with something gummy, and th( whole is rolled in powdered sugar which ad beres and constitutes the exterior tegument A little vegetable colounng completes thi process ana the loHy becomes tho counterfoil presentment of a speckled hancot bean t strawberry or a httlo red carrot with t green top as the case may be The bunn almonds surrounded with sugar by som< means of this sort are of surprising white ness and beauty, and upon them M Giraud pndes himself most of all Lastl; come tho chocolato sweetmeats upoi which wholo columns might be written M Giraud imports his cocoa from the Wes Indies in the nut and hence secures its punt; to his liking The machinery used for it preparation is of an elaborate and cxponsiv kind The nut is first roasted tiU the she] cracks off and at the piopcr time the husk aro winnowed from the kernel which is ncx ground in a Chiban mill to a high degree o fineness and to the consistence of a paste I may be then made up as cocoa or else mi\e with powdered sugar and other nice thing! till it becomes chocolate and fit for use i that form As the latter it is either eos m to slabs of vanous sizes 01 ladies fingers in which shape it is m great denian amongst childnn as affording a splendi pennyworth or clso it is made into httl button shaped drops spangled with whe the young people call hundreds and thor sands Plus last is peihaps tho most accep able form of chocolato lolly though choc« late creams aro in high favour lho wot ci tam is howev er a misnomer, for tin which goes undei the namo is a paste con poundtd of certain succulent material flavoured with vanille or other fragiant n giedient and the wholo coated over wit chocolate which gives it outline andconsi fence Wo hav« only mditattd the chu classes of confectionery produced at th establishment and for which M Girar obtained a pnzt medal at thelatt Evhibitioi and a first class certificate at that of 180 ilius have been laid the foundations of trade and manufacture which promises i equal if not surpass thoso of the common Butish lollies GEELONG WATERWORKS. Of the various schemes now being carried out by the department of Victorian Water Supply, that which has for its object tho supply of the town of Geelong with water for domestic purposes is the second, both in ro spect to the amount of work involved and in the importance of the object to bo attained. The source from whence the town of Gee- long is to derivo its supply is situated in the Brisbane Ranges, on the Stony Creek-tho left hand or western branch of the Little River-at a distance of about twenty-six miles from Geelong, and about four miles from Steiglitz, at a locality known as the Burnt Station, so named in consequence of the homo. stead having been destroyed on Black Thura. day. At this place a reservoir has been formed hy throwing an embankment or dam across the course.of the creek. This embankment will bo 1,320ft. in length by an even width orí . top of fifteen feet, and a maximum, width at bottom of 430ffc. It will havo a maximum height of eighty-three feot, and will contain, exclusivo of puddle, about 276,000 cuba yards of earthwork. The inner slope of the embankment is being faced with three inch metal, rolled in two layers finish- ing, to a depth of twelve inches. Tho reservoir formed by this embankment will contain when full 768,000,000 gallons of water, covering an area of about 125 acres and having a maximum depth of seventy-sue feet; the immediate drainage area from which this water will be collected covers 4,072 acres, the wholoof which, however, does not natu- rally drain into the reservoir, but drains hito four swamps, of 91, 113, 31, an¿ 121 acres respectively. These swamps, with, their own drainage areas, reduce the drain- age area of the reservoir by about looo acres. Three of these swamps, however.'aro situated at such a lovel that the water, which has been analysed and pronounced of unox ceptionablo quality, can bo diverted into tho main reservoir at an insignificant expenso' whilst the fourth will, from the peculiar lovel of its bed, four feet below the level of tho surface of the water in the reservoir, becomo a store for 132 million gallons, making o total quantity of water stored up equal to 900 milliongallons. At about five mues north from the dam, and about two miles from tho northern edge of the direct drainage aroa another drainage area of about 7,000 acres drains into a swamp of about 850 acres. This swamp is situated at a considerably higher level than the reservoir, and it is part of tho present scheme to lead the water from tho one to the other, at a cost of from ¿5,000 to £6,000-asum which, considering the value of this additional drainage area, cannot bo re- garded as excessive. Some doubts have beca expressed as to the sufficiency of this drain- age area to supply tho wants of the town oi Geelong. The drainage areas are at an average level of about 1,500 feet above tho sea, and in this forest district tho rainfall is above the general average of the colony. After allowing for absorption, and taking th« peculiar nature of the subsoil into considera- tion, it may fairly bo assumed thattwclvo inches will find their way into the reservoir ; this will givo a yearly supply of 2,993 million gallons, or more than sufficient to fill the re- servoir three times over, besides aUowing tho largo margin of nearly 300 mülion gallons to cover evaporation. Seeing that the popu- lation to bo supplied from this scheme is only about 13,000, and allowing the very liberal allowance of 100 gallons a day for each person, wo get a yearly consumption of 475 million gallons, little moro than half the con- tents of the reservoir ; whilst with tho reser- voir full at the commencement of a six months' summer, we have, calculated at tho same ample late, a supply for 50,000 inhabi- tants. When full, the suiface of the water in the reservoir will be at 1,175ft. above the lovel which has been adopted as the datum of all the Government engineering works in the colony, viz.-low water mark in Hobson'B Bay. To prevent the water rising abovo its proper level a by-wash 132ft. -wide has boon cut through a natural saddle in one of the hills surrounding the reservoir; this by-wash discharges the surplus water into the head of a gully, which will convey it into the Stony Creek considerably below the dam. The water from the reservoir for the supply of Gee- long will bo discharged at the 1,110ft. level, through a circular tunnel six feet in diameter, driven thiough the hill on which the western end of the embankment rests. This tunnel is 290 feet in length, faced with masonry at each end, and in it will belaid a cast-iron pipe, which will discharge tho water from the outlet tower (not yet erected) into an open aqueduct, which will wind along the slopes of the western bank of the Stony Creek, falling at the rato of eight feet to the mile for a dis- tance of five and a quarter miles, until itwill discbarge intoa smallreservoirsituatedabove the gap between Mount Anakie and Griffin's hill. This portion of the work is that which presents the greatest amount of engineering difficulties. From the small reservoir into which the open aqueduct discharges the water will pass into cast-iron pipes, fifteen inches in diameter ; and through these pipes it will fall 234 feet in a distance of one milo and a quarter to a second reservoir, 834 feet above the sea, at the Anakie Gap itself, close to Tucker's.Hotel. The object of this reser- voir is to balance the discharge from the main reservoir and the supply taken by tho pipes, hence the name by which it will ba known in connexion with the scheme, viz., the "compensating reservoir." ¥rom | the compensating reservoir in the Anakio Gap the water wiU pass through cast-iron pipes,* fifteen inches in diameter, laid at & minimum depth of three feet from the sur- face, alongside the Geelong and Ballan road for a distance of thirteen miles soventr chains, in which distance it will fall 561 feet, until it will discharge into a series of filter beds, on the Lovely Banks, in a direct lino about five miles north of Geelong, but following the pipe track seven miles. From these filter-beds the water will pass im- mediately into the service reservoir, to be constracted to hold ten mUlion gallons. This service reservoir will be an carthcrn tank, about 120 yards square and twelve feet deep, partially excavated ; the material from the bottom being used to form embanked sides, and having the bottom and slopes pitched. The maximutn quantity of water which can be discharged into this service re- servoir hythe 15-inch pipe is 3,200,000 gallons per day, so that until tbo population to bo sup- plied is more than doubled there will be no necessity to procure additional mains. Tho water in this service reservoir wUIbe at alevel of 273 feet above the sea. and the highest point of Geelong being but 202 feet, the pressuio will bo ampio and constant. From this ser- vice reservoir the water will be taken in the first instance by pipes, IG inches in diameter, which afterwards will be graduaUy reduced to twelve inches, as the various points of distri- bution are passed. The main will bo laid along the Geelong and Ballan road, and will follow it to its junction with the Geelong and Ballarat road, following this road to Pairing ton-street, from whenco it will be led along the backbone of the town, and will, for the present, end near the Botanic-gardens. From this main the water will be reticulated over the town, in the ordinary manner. Th8 estimate for the whole scheme was origi- nally £150,000. Contracts havo been entered into for varions works, for pipes, &c;, which will, after allowing for deductions from the contracts, absorb £108,000. Beyond this amount the engineer is now asking for £40,000, with which to finish, and this £40,000 ÍB rather above than below his estimate for til» remaining work. Altogether, there seems to be a reasonable probability that the original estimate will not be exceeded.- The pipes, which were only contracted for lasfcDècembcr, have commenced to como to hand. As thoy are landed, they are convoyed'tb'tbtiyardof the Geelong Railway station, where thoy aro tested up to 000ft. of hydrostn- tric pressure. It only remains to add, that the"schemo was originally designed for and submitted to- the Town Council of Geelong by Mr. Christopher- son, the present professional head of thn-dc paitment of Victorian Water Supply, as far back as 1864 ; this was befoio the formation of the department, but since then an enlarged, knowledge of the localities has only gono to convince the designer that no better schemer was practicable for a like amount. CHINESE LEPERS IN VICTORIA. The feelings of the whole community havo lately been strongly excited on account of the existence of a few lepers among our Chinese population. Attention was first directed to the circumstance by tho Rev. J. O. Dykes, who, in an article in the Christian Review, described the con- dition of tho lepers among the Chinese at Ballarat. It seems, by his account, that tho unfortunate victims of this incurablo and loathsome disease are fortunately not very numerous as yet, but they aro very wretched. Like other Asiatic peoples, the Chincso shun their leprous friends with a super- stitious horror which becomes downnght cruelty. They abandon their neighbour- hood, cense all contact with them, refuso to minister to them, and but for the moro mer- ciful interference of Clnistians, would leavo them, as it seems, so starve. The rev. gen- tleman added further, that ho found that of the ten leper patients known to exist in Bal- larat eight were housed in some half-dozen hovels scarcely distinguishable from the ground, the solo remains of an abandoned Chinese settlement, and kept alive_ thero by the charity of a benevolent society. But they were little more than kept aUve, and the tenements in which they lived were unfit for beasts, being old tin biscuit cases piled one upon another, and roofed with a rag or canvas. Mr. Dykes proceeded to appeal for relief tor these poor wretches, whose disease, though filthy and repulsivo, # was not contagious or infectious ¡ and published the fact that though the Government had long ago granted £200 for a lazar-houso, tue Uorough Council of Ballarat East could not j please itself about a site, and hence the dolay ] and consequent misery. Ho asked that tho wretchedness occasioned by the winter rains .should not bo followed hythe scorching .summer heats without something being dono to moderato this discredit to our common liumanity. A day or two after this account «was re-published by Tlic Argus, tho Bal- larat Courier stated that somo of tho dis- trict polico officers had visited tho lopers, and found tho eight unfortunate creatures .suffering, on the one hand from this terrible ?malady, and on the other from extremo poverty. They wero without any clothes to .cover them, no bedclothes to. use, and j their fingers and toes wero destroyed to a con- siderable extent by Min fell disease. Tho ?only food they possessed was raw rico : and the miserable huts in which they had found .refuge had been almost blown down by tho .Tecent violent winds. Temporary succour was afforded to tho deserted and dying .creatures, and the humane officers obtained .subscriptions, by means of which tho wretched people were relieved for a time. The Government were next appealed to ; and (The Argus urged that a central lazar-houso .should bo provided, as well for the lepers' own comfort as for purposes of medical -study. The Chief Secretary responded by .asking the authorities of the Melbourne Bene- volent Asylum to take charge of the poor -creatures, which responsibility they, on the f¡round of justice to the other patients, re- used to accept ; and wo behove tho matter . stands at this point. DEATHS IN MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. The following deaths occurred in tho hos- pital during the past month : Blake, Henry, 43, coachmaker, native of .Devonshire ; arrived in 1857 by the John Owens ; couse of death, phthisis. Brooks, \- Joseph, 37, seaman ; arrived in 1857 by the . Havilah ; cause of death, intestinal obstruc . tion. Downing, Agnes, 39, nativo of Bath ; cause ? of death, disease of liver. Douglass, Daniel, 3S, blacksmith, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1854 by Monteagle ; cause of death, pneumonia. Dubbin, James, 33, architect, native of Dublin; arrived in 1804 by the Falcon; cause ot death, disease of liver and kidney. Freddctt, Margaret, 25, native of London ; anivcdinl802 by tho Marco Polo ; cause of death, morbus cordis. Gamble, Charles, 38, seaman, nativo of London ; arrived by Rangatira in 1857 ; cause of death, diabetes. Grant, Archibald, 45, gardener, native of Inverness ; arrived in 1807 by the ship Geelong ; causes of death, typhoid fevcrandplouro-pneumonia. Golding, . Daniel, 40, native of East Indies ; arrived in . 1857 ; cause of death, phthisis. Jenkins, Richard, 53, labourer, native of Kent ; arrived in 1800 by Hannah M 'Claugh ; cause of death, phthisis and morbus cordis. Johnson, Ellen, 30, domestic, native of Derry ; arrived in 1857 by the Charger : cause . of death, malignant disease of ovaries Little, John, 48, native of Hackney la- bourer ; arrived in 1837 by the Catherino Stewart Forbes ; causes of death, phthisis and . disease of brain. Mackenzie, Alexander, 40, native of Scot- land ; arrived 1853 ; cause of death hydatids . of liver. Morley, Clere, 33, native of York- shire ; arrived in 1S54 by the James M'Enery . cause of death, phthisis.' M'Carthy, John 52' gardener, nativeof Ireland. Morgan, Nicholas Foster, 50, miner, native of Dublin ; arrivedin 1852 by the Constance ; causeof death, morbus coidis. Murphy, Johanna, 40, domestic native . of Ireland ; arrived in 1841 by the Royal Con- sort ; cause of death, phthisis. Nangle, Patrick, 32, labourer, native of Roscommon; arrived in 1802 by the Ellen Mdorc; cause of death, disease of liver and dysentery. O'Connor, Patrick, 30, labourer, nativo of Kerry ; arrived in 1857 by tho Morning Light; causo of death, cancer of stone. O'Neil, Patrick, 48, native of Cork ; arrived hi 1853 ; cause of death, double pneumonia. Parkinson, Susan, 21, native of Durham ; cause of death, phthisis. Prior, John, 04 carpenter, native of Sussex ; arrived in 1828 hy the ship Albion ; causes of death, cancer of the tongue and glanular affection. Ramson, Felix, 40, carpenter, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1852 ; cause of death, phthisis. Stewart, AVilliam, 50, dealer, nativo of Scotland ; arrived in 1854 ; cause of death congestion of lungs. SPORTING. The only sporting events chronicled during ..the last month have been the Melbourne Hunt Club Steeplechase Meeting, and that of the Flemington Hunt Club ; the former over the Melbourne Racecourse, and the latter over a good line of country in the neighbour- hood of the same. Tho Melbourno Hunt Club Cup was won by Mr. Prell's Babbler, aged, by Laverton Lad, by Dolo, carrying 14st., beating .Euclid, aged, list., and giving away yet larger lumps of weight to other opponents , the finish was, however, "a very near thing." Lady Clare, byBoiardo, won the .Hurdle Race without difficulty ; and Mr. J. J. MiUer's chgEcho, 9st. 71b., won tho Great Metropolitan Steeplechase, heating the crack, Banker, 12st, and four others. The veteran Blueskin won the Sell- ing Steeplechase, and changed hands at £70. ' The principal event of the Flemington Hunt Club Meeting, the Club Cup, was won by Mr. laris'a Benicia Boy, aged, by Boiardo, carry- ing top weight, 12sfc. Tho success of .these two preliminary meetings may be supposed to . augur well for the opening of the legitimate season, on Thursday next, with the Spring .programme of the Victoria Racing Club. For the various prizes to bo run for during the three days thero are over two hundred entries. Tho present position of the two principal races may .bo judged of by tho . entries, OS-follows : ACCEPTANCES FOB THE ÎIEL110URNE CUP, ' Of 20 sovs. each, 10 ft.-, or 5 if declared, with a piece of plate value 100 sovs, and 200 sovs. added. The winner of any handicap . of the value of 100 sovs. after the dcelara ? tion of weights, 31b. extra ; of two or more . such races, 51b. extra. Tsvo miles. Sixty efiv- evsdbs., of whom twenty paid forfeit. st. lb. Mr. C. B. Fisher's br h Smuggler, 6 yrs .. o 3 ïlr. E. De Metre's b li Tim Whifllor(31b. extra), Cyrs . .. 8 11 Mr. W. Craig'a b li Tim Whlfller, G yrs .. .. 8 8 Jlr. J. Talt's ob g Falcon, 0 yra.8 7 Mr. W. Field's b g Strop, aged.8 7 Mr. E. M. llagot'stT m Cowra, Byra .. ..8 7 Mr. J. Eales, jun., bin Koso of Australia, Byra 8 3 Mr. W. Cnug's b ¿ Kimblefoot, 4 yrs .. . : 8 1 Mr. J. Clceland's b li Barwon, aged .. .. 7 12 Mr. D. Mclhado's b g Exile, aged .. .. 7 10 Mr. Adcoek's b cCrusader, á yrs .. .. 7 10 lion. It. Pring's b e North Australian, 4 yra ., 7 0 Mr. TY. Pearson's b g Sparrowhawk, 0 yrs ..7 7 Mr. J. HolmcB'sbg Woodman, agod .. ..7 7 Mr. J. Lamb's eli g Cedric, aged.7 0 Mr. F. Hobson's b m Poetess, 6 yrs .. ..7 0 Mr. J. Whitehead^ b m Mary Ann, aged ..7 2 ? Mr. J. Walker's gr g Toryhoy, aged .. .. 7 0 Mr. J. Cleoland's br m Victoria, «yrs .. ..7 2 Mr. J. ltulo's b g Privateer, aged .. ..0 8 . Mr. 3. Talt's bo Fireworks, 3 yra .. ..0 7 Mr. F. Howcll'sbf Lady Jane, 4 yrs .. ..0 5 Mr. J. Tait's eli c Oleneoo, 3 yrs.0 4 Mr. J. llolmes'sgrg Protection,0yrs.. ... 0 0 Mr.'Ï. Gordon's bo Harbingor, 3yrs .. ..0 0 Mr. L. L. Smith's b I Lancashire Witch, 3 yrs li 13 Mr. S. Waldock's br f Queen of Hearts, 3 yrs.. 6 10 Mr. G. Lewis's b c Bip Von Wiuklo,3yrs .. 5 10 Mr. C. B. Fisher's b or br f Tho Fly, 8 yrs .. 5 ii . Mr. S. Waldock's br f Palladium, 3 yrs ..5 G Smuggler is declared to start only. The Sydney horses, Fireworks and Tim WhilUer, .are hist and second favourites. ENTRIES FOU THE QUEEN'S PLATE, .Of 200 sovs. (half in plato and half in specie), lintrancc, 1 sov., to go to tho second horse. Three miles. st. lb. Mr. Do Mcstro'a b li Tim Wlilillor, Byra .. 10 1 Mr. W. Fiold'sbgStrop, Oyrs.10 1 Mr. II. Flshor'a b g Satellite, aged .. ..10 1 Mr. J. Tait'a eli g Warwick, aged .. ..10 1 Mr. J. Clcolaud's b m Victoria, Oyri .. .. 0 13 Mr. J. Eales, jun.'s, l> in HOBO of Australia, C yra .9 10 Mr. F. Hobson'a b m Poetess, 6 >ra .. .. 0 10 Mr. E. II. Bagot'» gr m Cowra, 6 yra " .. 0 10 Hon. II. Pring'« b o North Australian, i yra.. 0 3 Mr. W. Crai/8bgNlmblefoot,4yra .. .. 0 0 Mr. C. B. FMior'a br c Tho Swell, 3 yrs .. 0 10 Mr. J. Tait'a eli o Glencoe, 3 yrs .. .. 0 10 Mr. S. Waldeck M br í Palladium, 3 yrs .. 0 5 Mr. C. B. Fisher's b f Silvia, 3 yrs .. ..OB Mr. CB. Fisher's bf Tho Fly, 3 yrs .. .. 0 6 The other events havo filled well, with only some two or three exceptions. It is expected that the Essendon Railway, now under repair and reorganisation, will bo reopened on the occasion, carrying passengers direct on to tho course. The cricketseason has just opened, and the principal clubs are astir with preparations for the spring aud summer. The aboriginal troupe of ebony cricketers aro now under the captaincy of Laurence, the English cricketer, and in various country matches they havo given ampio evidence of their capacity to learn and practice with high honours the noble game. THE THEATRES. Wo havo had considerable changes in thea- trical matters since the issuo of our last homo' summary In tho first plaoe, Mr, Walter Montgomery has finished his engage- ment m Melbourne, and is now playing in Ballarat, from whence ho goes to Sydney Thcro is somo talk of his returning to Mel- bourne after his visit home as manager of one of our principal theatres ; should he do so, the enthusiastic reception which has been accorded bim gives giound for the supposi- tion that he will become an established favourite Dunng tho last month, m addi tion to repetitions of his Sir Giles Overreach and John Mildmay in "Still Waters Run Deep," ho has produced "Louis tho XI," and "Antony and Cleopatra " The former character may be numbered among his many successes We Could hate wished that " An tony and Cleopatra" had been put upon tho boards dunng an earhei period of Mr Montgomery's engagement, for tho ma- nagement spared no pains in its production, and the few nights of its performance were hardly sufficient to do justice to the actoi or the artist The play was certainly mag nificcntly put upon the stage, and the "mounting' of some of the scenes would have called for commendation ewn in a London theatre Miss Cleveland took the part of Cleopatra After the termina tion of Mr Montgomerys engagement, Mr Vincent essayed the patt of Antony, and gave an intelligent reading of the chaiacter At tho publicly expressed request of many of his inends, Mr Montgomery gave a reading at St George's hall, which, had it been repeated, would have created as much/«)oie as his acting At the Hay market, Miss Kate Demn, an actress of some American reputation, vi hose advent we an- nounced in our last summary, has been playing melodrama and burlesque with vary- ing success The melodramatic stylo of dramatic illustration does not seem to bp popular m Melbourne, consequently, such productions as "ranchón," "The Female Detective," "Life in tho South," "ThoChild stenier, * o-c , fell rather flatly But in bur- lesque Miss Demn vas more successful Burnands "Black eyed Susan" filled the house for some timo, and "Ixion," localised by Mr G S Hough (a gentleman who has for some time been connected with the colo- nial piess), was also favourably received by the public Miss Demn took her farewell benefit about a week ago, playing a piece entitled " 'Ino Angel of Midnight " of no particular excellence On Monday lost, Madame Celeste re appeared at this theatre in "Tho Woman in Red, which was fol- lowed, on Wednesday evening, by " Like and Unlike "i diama which is familiar to Lon- don playgoers as having been expressly translated from the Picnch for Madame Celeste 'Hie piece may be considered an unqualified success, and we hope tbit a new day of prospeiity has dawned for this theatre Mr it I1 Whitworth, who has made a reputation as a dramitic author by his dev ci little farce, ' Catching a Con- spírate»," has written a drama on the death of Maximilian, in which Madame Celeste .will sustain the part of Carlotta It is gra- tify ing to find that colonial productions can lind fav our with an actress of such expenence and cclebnty. The Vaneties has been re- opened as a singing room, after the manner of the renowned "Lvanss' the principal at traction being the singing of Miss Annie Bramley, from the London Academy of Music That very talented family, the Gourlays, have been repeating their peiformances at the Polytechnic hall The Victorian Cricketers Association gno an amateur per fonnancc of "Money on the boirds of the Royal on Tuesday, the theatre having been occupied dunng the week by a troupo of pantominnsts and dancers, "The Marti nettis," who have hitherto displajed no par- ticular attractions If musical matters may bo permitted to come under the head "Theatres," we would wish to say a few words regarding the farewell per- formance of Madame Simonsen at the Princess s a fortnight back This lady is a vocalist of no mean order, and mado her first appearance at tho Royal some months ago in the opera of "La Sonnambula, ' since which time she has daily increased m favour with the public The concert was a brilliant one numbering among it= performers Mr Richardson (of Lyster s Company), Mr Schott M Simonsen, Herr Siede, Hen Staab, and others At the conclusion, a jewelled bracolefc vv as presented to Madame Simonsen from her friends ni tho city, together with an address, signed by the mayor and prmcijial citizens, setting forth their regret at parting with so excellent a lady and so charming a vocalist, with which expression of opinion vve most heartily concui NOTES FKOM TLTE SEA. WitECK oi' TUE STEAMSHIP TELEGRAPH. We havo to record the total loss of ono of the finest and fastest steamships in these colonies, tho A.S.N. Co.'s steamer Telegraph. This vessel left Sydney on the afternoon of the 8th October for Brisbane, with about twenty passengers and a full general cargo. . Between nine and ten on the following morning she struck on a rock, off Perpen- dicular Point, about three-quarters of a mile from the shore. The fore and midships compartments immediately filled with water within five feet of the deck. The boats were cleared and lowered, and the passengers, with their luggage, were safely landed in the bight north ot Perpendicular Point. Some of the cargo and some valuable sheep wore brought on shore. Tents were erected from such of the sails as were available, and soon after vyards the steamer Grafton approachud, and took tho passengers aud crew on board. The Telegraph when loft by the Grafton was lying perfectly upright, with her head to the north- ward, slightly hove down by the head, and the water about four feet from tho covering boards. She has since broken up. As far as we know, tho insurances on the cargo by tho Telegraph do not exceed £3,000. "WitECK of THE. LADY. YOUNG (STEAMER). This vessel, bound to Brisbane from Sydney, struck a rock off Bustard Head on the 0th October, and got fast. The passengers wero landed in boats all safe. The steamer was afterwards got off and beached, and it has since been found that ten feet ot her bottom was ripped open by the rocks. The repairs required have been commenced, lier cargo was all taken off by means of lighters. AVitECKS or TASSIANLVN SCHOONERS.-The schooner Caroline while going out of the Forth Uiver, on 22nd September, struck on the bar, and became a wreck. She had a full cargo ot potatoes on board, shipped for Mel- bourne. The schooner Spray, 108. tons, from Circular Ilead to Brisbane, was lost on the 31st August, at the Hummock Island, near Flinders. Tho vessel was owned by the master, Captain Harley; the crew were saved. Both the schooners, Swordfish and Yarra, lately wrecked in. West Bay, Circular LTead, havo been successfully lloated off the beach, and taken to Table Cape. The purchasers of the wrecks, therefore, have made a good thing of their ventures. FouNUEitiNa OF THE CUTTER MART ANN. This vessel, a small cutter, from Brisbane Water, with sliinglcs, foundered at the Sydney Heads on the 23rd September, by being struck hy a heavy squall while going, about. A man on board was drowned; a companion was rescued by a passing schooner. Loss or THE EMERALD ISLE, WITH ALL IIANUS.-News from Nelson states that the schooner Emerald Isle, belonging to Canter- bury, capsized in a gale oil the Karamea, and all on board, the master and three men, perished in her. Loss OP THE SCHOONER MANUKAU.-Intelli- gence from New Zealand, under date Octo- ber 7, reports the total loss of the Manukau, a line three-masted schooner belonging to tho N.Z.S.N. Company. The locality of the wreck was not stated, hut merely that it was total, and that the schooner was at the timo loaded with 500 tons of coal. OiiioiAL INQUIRIES -An investigation was held on the 9th instant, by the Pilot Board, into the circumstances under which the ship King of Trumps stranded whilst coming up the West Channel on the 30th September. The ship struck in the midst of a heavy squall, and was got off next morning The pilot (Kidley) was acquitted by the board of any blame m tho matter Tho Naviga- tion Boaid on the samo day lnquned into tho wieck of tho brig June (Captain Thursel), at Wairnawbool, on tho 0th Septem- ber, when she parted her cables, went on shore, and botanic a total wreck The hoard arrived at the follow nig decision -"We consider the wrctk of the J ano to havo arisen from defective cables, and that the master was guilty of gross negligence in leav nig Melbourne for Warrnambool know- ing the cables to be defective As Captain rJ hursel does not hold a certificate as master, the board can do nothing furthei than place this decision on record " Tho Pilot and Steam Navigation Boards sat on the loth instant, the former to inquire into the circumstances connected with the fouling of the wreck of the s s Black Swan, as sho lay sunk off the breakwater, by the ship Australian, and the latter to investigate the affair of the strand- ing of the brig Eliza Goddard, in Belfast Bay, on tho 24th September last. In both in- stances it was decided that the weather was tho causo of tho disasters, and those in charge, viz., the pilot of the Australian and tho master of the Eliza Goddard, were exo- nerated from blame. THE BARQUE Jonu EYSTON.-This vessel, which was lately reported from Adelaide as missing, and which was supposed to have been lost, arrived at Fremantle on the 23rd September. SUPPOSEH LOSS OP THE BARQUE DUNDAS CASTLE.-We fear that the barque Dundas Castle, from Calcutta to this port with a cargo of rice, may; now he given up as lost. She put into Mauritius for repairs, and after- wards sailed thence on the 5th of July last. She has not since been heard of, although our intelligence from that island comes down as late as the lflth ult. MASSACRE OF A MISSIONARY AND HIS PARTY IN FIJI A dreadful tragedy has recently taken place on the island of Vitilcvu, one of the 1'iji group, the victims being the Rev Thomas Baker, Weslejan missionary, Shad rack Scileka, a native assistant missionary, a catcclnst, and five students The circum- stances under which this atrocious crime were perpetrated may bo narrated very briefly In the expectation of having leave of absence in 18G8, the Rev Mr Baker felt exceedingly desirous to gain over to Chris- tianity the few remaining tribes of tho island w hieb are still heathen, as well as to visit the different tnbes of Vina fioloira, Navu nidakna, and Dawarau, which havo lately wholly, or m part, embraced Chnstianity On the morning of the 13th of July he pre- pared to take his departure, but did not teU either Ins colleague, tho Rev Jesse Carey, at Rewa or his wife, that he was thinking of making inquiries as to the possibility of his being able to cross right over tho land to the westward, so as to arrive on the coast at Vuda He left, saying lie would be back again in ten days On Saturday, the 20th July, tho partj arrived at Gayadolavatu, the principal town belonging to the Na vosa tribe Though, they were not received with cordiality, no hostilo demonstrations were made and the whole party went peaceably to rest Early the next morning, however, Mr Baker ob- served that the natives were moving about in an excited manner, and had left their plant mg He seemed now to apprehend the worst consequences, for he said, "Boys dress your- selves, and let us be off, for wo shall be killed to day ' ' W hen Mr Baker had conducted their morning devotions-singing, reading, and piaymg-he stepped out again, where upon the chief Nakatakataimosi came up and said, "Come, let us show you the path to Vuda!" Mr Baker called his pal ty out, and when all were ready they took their departure, the chief leading tho way with a small battle ave m his hand, being closely followed by Mr, Baker, bhadrack Scileka the native minister, Nemam Raqio, and Aisca Ñasekai, cate clnsts , and Sisa Tullekutu, Taniela, Ratuvesi, Tosifata Nagata Nafitalai Torau, Seteieki Mndu, and Josifata Nakarawa who wero students m the Circuit Training Institution, under Mr Bakers supeinitendciico These all followed on in single file After proceed mg thus for about 100 yards, Josifata Nagata saw a small bag belonging to the party in the hands of one of the heathen He went to lum and asked for it, when the man replied, No, go on , I will carry it " Whilst Josifata vv as thus turned round, he saw tho hcathr-ii coming rapidly out of the different houses vv ith their guns and clubs, and hurrying like wi«e v ery suspiciously after them He turned and ian, and, with a companion from the institution, who, too, was a few yards behind the main party, rushed past Aisea, the cate cbist into the middle of the lino, saving at the same time, "We are to bo- clubbed ' Aisea, who was carrying a small tin box upon his right shoulder, ícplicd "If weare that won't save you1 which he had no soonei utteied than he was struck with a club- from behind The box, however, received the fall force of the blow, and merely glanced a0'amsf the leftside of his head He dropped the box, and rushed from the path Mr Baker turned round at once on hearing tho stir behind occasioned by tho two boys running into the line from behind, and tho noiso of the blow upon the box, and with his right hand upraised, he said, "Dont runaway,' oi "Don't," when the chief who was immedi ately before lum, turned sharply round al the same time, and struck lum on the lowei part of the back of the neck with his axe: and he fell dead upon the spot The nativ ( minister, who vi as but a few yards or fee beh'iid stooped down ov er the body to kisi it, saying as he did so, "We will d10 togethe: with our missionary, in which position he toi was chopped down The eateohist Neman was shot and all the others, with the excep tion of Aisea and Josifata, were instantly de spatched These men only ran a few yards und then threw, themselves down, and crep under the long and decayed reeds not dann; to move lest the least rustle ?.hould betiay thei wheieabouts to thosew ho were diligently seek nig thom. By the exercise of a great amoun of skill, both of thom managed to escape and conv ey the tidings to the head quarter of the missionaries The cause of tho murder and the extpnt to which the plot was parfcici pated 111 by the Navosa natives are point upon which we are not yet fully informed Reliable information has, however, beer obtained that a chief of an influential tribe se nt some months ago a club to the vanou; tubes whieh Mr Baker visited, and aski»c them to murder any who might attempt te cross over the land Whether it has beer done to stop the further advance into the interior of white settlers, onisan attack upot Christianity by the heathen, or is a challengi to Tlnkobau, cannot yet bo satisfactonl; asceitained The two latter reasons appen the most piobable It is not nitcndei that the perpetrators of lins cruel and un prov oked murder shall go unpunished A the time when the intelligence of the ernn was despatched, picpantions were bein made to send an army into the interior t punish all the tnbes concerned m the affan T bo Chief Thakobau had been applied tob the Acting Consul for tho pioduetion of th niurdeieisof a British sabjeet, who had pre nmed to do his utmost to secure thein Th white residents had held meetings, and ha icsolwd to assist the chief by funushing hu with arms and ammunition It is to I hopel that piompt justice will be execute on th« murderers AN AUSTRALIAN IN JAPAN, la our last monthly summary we gave an abstract of some letters on Japanese customs, written by a gentleman who formerly occu- pied a high position in this colony. Other letters from the ron of the same gentleman hare since been published in the columns of Tile Argus. In one he gives an account of a festival which, once in six years, is held for two consecutive days throughout the country, and the celebration of which in Yokohama he had the good fortune to witness, lie says :-" All that I have read, or can imagine, of the riotous festivity of a Roman carnival, of the gay French fooleries of the Mi-carâme of Paris, or the Biaram feast at Constanti- nople, have been pretty well represented here. For two days the entire population of Yoko- hama, very much assisted by some thirty or forty thousand visitors from the surrounding towns and villages, bave abandoned them- selves to general ideas of determined holiday and unrelenting enjoyment. For two days all business was suspended, toil unrecognised, and the cares and anxieties of life banished fiom contemplation. Intense good-humour pervaded the popular mood. Foreigners were greeted with hilarious politeness, and if you trod on a man's toes he would beg your pardon. The cost of this national entertain- ment has been defrayed by subscription- the Government Riving £300, and the nobles and merchants contributing in liko propor- tion for the expenditure at Yokohama. Companies of players havo been subsi- dised to give theatrical performances in the streets. These exhibitions took place on a revolving platform, by the aid of which the representations were intermittently enjoyed on all sides. Thero were also stages for pro- fessional wrestlers, on which tho biggest, broadest- chested, and most bull-necked of the tribe that had hitherto encountered my observation butted and tumbled each other about in their peculiarly unscientific manner. Jugglers, swordsmen, and mountebanks abounded on all sides, and as their perform- ances were accompanied by any quantity of conflicting noises and discordant music, tho traditional glories of the fairs of Bartholomew and Donnybrook rose plenti- fully upon the fancy. Processions ot idols, representing the local saints and tutelary divinities or Yokohama, sitting on giant ears nt an elevation of thirty feet, went to and fro in the public thoroughfares, with great parado of silken banners embroidered with grotesque devices. These cars were cither drawn by a I team of bullocks, or by a couple of hundred men, singing mightily, and as though it were their last chance. On each of tho hugo yehi des was a band of musicians, and somo men in comic masks, who gave imitations of par- ticular animals with sufficient faithfulness to he very laughable. The players wore attired in handsome costumes, almost exclusively of silk, with gilt ornaments of elaborate design. Tho conjurors and mimics were also expen- sively dressed, and their masks and apparatus seemed ingeniously fabricated. On other per .nmbulating platforms were dancers, princi- pally children, who attudinizedin that solemn and remarkable manner which accords with the idea of ' poetry of motion ' entertained by the nations of tho East. Then, again, wo had recitations of popular legends and ballads, in the style of the "penny readings ' of the pre- sent day-only that an obligato accompani- ment of whistles and tom-toms removed them from tho tranquilising character which not unfrequently used to mark those per- formances in Australia." The various bodies of artists, the native merchants, and oven the nobles perambulate tho streets in pro- cession, and the latter appear to have dropped their dignity in the general hilarity, for " whenever any of these great men chose to pause in his walk an attentive retainer would set down for him a three-legged stool, into which ho plumped at once, while the stool bearer fanned him assiduously from behind. Sometimes those attendants appeared to bo of a comic disposition, and would make fun for the crowd at their master's expense, all which was good-humouredly tolerated, and even approved of, by the gentleman in the seat." At night the festival assumed a new character, in which a general illumination was the distinguishing feature. Lamps of incense wero kept burning at "the templo doors, around and within "which devotional observances wero continually carried on by active-minded Japanese, who seemed to now and again spare a few moments for purposes of prayer and worship, and then ru3h back to the dissipation of the streets, In Japan I havo frequently noticed this odd com- mingling of religious duty with sensual enjoyment - piety and pleasure concur- rently pursued-which is to be remarked among polite nations of, Central Europe." Our _ Victorian was invited on the first evening of tho carnival to a ceremonious dinner with the family of a wealthy Japanese merchant. They had been led to understand that "there would be no affront given by our taking with us a supply of wines and any special condiment or delicacy such as was likely to be relished by our host and his family, as well as needed by ourselves. Con- sequently, we provided a few bottles of cham- pagne, which proved a great element of con- vivial success. "The Japanese police, or whatever they may term tho men who constitute the night watch, move about in parties of three or four with torches, drawn swords, and sounding instruments of the drum class ; by which notable arrangement thieves and burglars get timely warning of their approach, and arc never to be met with in the streets of Yokohama. During the continuance of the state holiday I heard of no instance of outrage or serious disorder among the vast multitude, and foreigners were generally met with a marked increase of politeness. In July last, Yokohama was visited by a slight shock of earthquake, which does not appear to have done any damage. This kind of terrc8tial disturbance is frequent in Japan, and "many parts of tho country, and epe chilly portions of the coast fine, exhibit startling effects of earthquake, apparently produced at no very remoto period. The writer had an opportunity of examining some of these phenomena on the occasion of a visit to the island of Inosima, kpown as the "holy isle," famed for its ancient temples and the superior mythological pedigree of the idols therein resident. Inosima is about twenty miles from Yokohama, and very near the main land. Tho journey was accom- plished with some difficulty, owing to the nature of the road and the condition of numerous small bridges. At nightfall they camped at a teahouse, where they were hos- pitably entertained by the landlord, who, " observing that I had a cold in my head, ho presented me with a few dozen clean pocket handkerchiefs, which, bo it understood, aro of paper, and about the size and substance of a Bank of England note. Ile then summoned his daughter, a girl about six- teen, of frank and merry manners, who sat upon her heels and played the sam sing for our entertainment. This'young lady was fashionably garbed in crape silks of deli- cate hue, wound about by the usual bright coloured long scarf or sash. Her head-gear was also in the highest mode of the Japaneso women, and included a great deal of ob- viously false hair, kept together by three or four formidable-loolcing gilt pins, like little poinurds. Without passing an opinion upon the suitability or gracefulness of the costume and general ' get up' of the ladies of Japan, I feel bound to accord them the merit of being free from much fickleness of idea on the subject. From all history and tradition, pictorially handed down on lac- quered cabinets and teatrays of antiquity, I gather that the character of women's attire has not materially varied in this country for an age or two. At any rato, thero is no evidence of tho3e' fitful oscillations between every extreme of style and proportion in tho matter of attire which may be ' observed among the polished nations of Europe. The costume of Japanese ladies is generally well considered in colour, apparently comfortable to themselves, sometimes extravagant, but never ridiculous." At Inosima, the great natural feature of attraction to strangers appears in some enormous caverns, extending 400 yards from the sea side of the island, and evidently created by the violent disrup- ture of tho rocks above. Theso caverns are now devoted to religious worship, and aro much occupied by colossal figures of idols rudely carved in the sandftone rock. Tho priests appear to have received them politely, mid to have manifested an interest in the mechanism of the watches of the party, and the structure of the revolvers and field-glasses. " It was at once apparent that the reverend gentlemen wero thoroughly familiar with these types of civilisation, and merely wanted to enlarge their experience. From all that I could see of the manner of ready and skilful handling, one of those priests might have been as capable of cleaning my watch as of clean- ing my boots, and I mean scientifically. There is a curiously extensive knowledge of lino mechanism nad scientific appliances existing hero and there throughout Japan, and yet not made practically beneficial to the peoplo. The prevailing religion of. Japan is BurMhism, which seems to have been engrafted on the Gentoo, tho ancient and indigenous faith of the Japanese. This latter is rather a code of morality than a system of worship, and, as it turns upon seeking all possible happiness in this world, its sentiment is not likely to be extirpated. The state, however, professes to tolerate every form of religious belief and pious practice that does not propose to inter- iore with the tranquillityof government. True it Í3 that Christianity has been occasionally proscribed, and its foreign promulgators ex- pelled the country, but this has arisen from an apprehension that the prosely- tising enterprise of tho Koman Catholic mis- sionaries concealed some purposes of political aggression. The utmost freedom of con- science is permitted here, as well as the most 1 perfect nnion of devotional practices that may be consistent with the preservation of public order. Thero are Mohammedans who grow long beards, drink no said, and to whom the word wife is a noun of multitude. Thero are those who follow the teachings of Con- fucius, those who bow to wood and stone, and those who never lilt a thought to any worship whatever, unless it bo the worship of Mam- mon. All'thesereligionsare equally-protected." On the return of the party to Yokohama, they noticed lying on the road several corpses of men who had died from exhaustion. The removal of the remains of those unfortunates awaited the offices of a certain class of low caste natives, who aro ordered by tho Govern- ment to perform this duty, for thero is an idea of contamination associated with the touch of a human body. Medical knowledge in Japan is naturally, under the circum- stances referred to, of the meanest order, un- aided by any acquaintance with the study of anatomy. Our Victorian thinks that the de- fects of Japanese education, in their disregard of foreigners, aro in course of being rapidly remedied, and "I feel assured that it will not be many years before this naturally quick and intelligent peoplo will como to understand the advantages of constitutional government and tho rights of citizenship, together with tho blessings of civilisation, social refinement, and four-pronged forks." THE NEW ZEALAND GOLD-FIELDS. The intelligence from the New Zealand gold-fields this month is not important. It is stated in the Auckland papers that a rush to tho Thames district is imminent, in consequence of tho extraordinary development of quartz reefing there. Beefs have been opened out that aro estimated to yield from lOOoz. to 200oz. to the ton ; but no alluvial gold has yet been discovered, whilst the quality of that contained in tho reefs is between forty and fifty per cent, under that of Westland gold being, m fact, only fourteen carats fino Trom tho Bailor district tho reports aro favourable, both as 'regards tho alluvial and quartz workings The Waimangaroa reofs arc exceedingly rich, tho stone in tho pro- spector's claim being from two and a half to three feet thick, and \a estimated to bo worth from eight ounces to ten ounces to the ton Several paities aro tunnelling into the high terrace for the reef, and each havo cut cold beanng leaders that will pay for crushing Tolerably good accounts also come from tho Grey, ono or two new and rich gullies having been opened, whilst the older workings havo maintained a good average yield Early in the month heavy gold was struck m tho vicinity of Moonlight Gully, causing a rush of some importance Heavy nuggets of from ten ounces to forty ounces were unearthed, together with much gold of a finer quality New ground has also been opened near Nelson Gully, which has attracted many miners from Arnold's and other ad- jacent workings The alluvial workings in the Kamen district aro paying good average wages, and aro worked by about 200 men, who have struck gold in both tho creek bed and tho terraces on either sido of it Tho few diggers remaining in tho Oknnta distnet havo no reason to grumble at their luck, as it is stated that from £1 to £2 per day is about the average rate of wages '1 he quantity of gold exported from Hoki tika dunng the month of Septemberamountod to 18,820 ounces, and the Greymouth returns mc estimated at 12,000 This gives a total of 10,820 ounces, which, compared with the August exportations, shows a decreaso of l,02l> ounces It is believed, however, that if it had not been for the scarcity of water, the returns for September would have exceeded those of August COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE TUB MAILS The P and 0 Co 's R M S S Geelong, shipped tho European and Indian mails on board on Saturday, the 28th ult, and loft tho bay punctually at two p m She cleared out at the Customs with 34,3773oz of gold, and £22,740 m specie She stopped at the Heads to take on boaid a supplementary mail from Sydney, brought on by tho s s Alexandra The English mail of the 2nd of August, via Panama, was late in arriving The steam- ship Ituahme was seen at five o'clock on the afternoon of tho 4th mst about twenty miles oil Sydney Heads, and at a late houi the same night the telegram of news came to band Tho European and American liles by this conv cyance were forwaided from Sydney by the Alexandra, vi Inch arru ed heie on the morning of the 8th October News of the arrival of the branch mail steamer Rangatira at Adelaide with the South Australian portion of the English August mail was received m town shortly before midnight on Saturday, the 12th Oct, and at an caily hour on Sunday morning oui conesponelents usual summary of the news came to hand The Bombay was seen from Cape Otw ay station at one o clock on Monday morning, and arm ed in Hobson's Bay about elev en o clock in the foienoon of the 14th (the same day) SUTE or TnvDt Tor some time after the departure of the September mail business presented an aspect of great quietness The 1st of October being the day on which the higher duties on spirits imposed by the new tariff came into force, the two or three days preceding were dev oted to the payment of lower duties, then in force, and notwithstanding the extent to which the íesources of the merchants were so unjustly taxed, the call thus mndo upon them was freely responded to 1 he sum paid in Mel- bourne amounted to £100 000 and in Geelong to £17,000 The effect on the trade of the port caused by the Ministerial policy, and what we arc gradually coming to, may bo learned from the following pnragrnph which, unfortunately, comes too near the truth to be gainsay ed - ' The Melbourno wharv es present just now a most deplorable appearance At the busiest time of the day there is no bustle, and scarcely any business 1 rom Cole's upwards thero are on both sides of the river nmo steamers, but only two of them were yesterday landing or taking in cargo, the other seven being laid up The Australian Wharf with the excep tion of tho space occupied by the missionary schooner John Wesley, is baro and desolate Anyone of a rellective turn might indulge there m meditations like to those of Hen ey among the tombs There is the place where the crowd of vessels lay m former days, and theie aro the monuments of defunct bustle and activ lty, but the ships and tho tiade aro gone " . The mail letters were delivered in the aftei noon of the 14th mst Exports to Australia show a decline on the month s shipments of £170,100, vi/ -To Victona they amount to £340,837, the decrease being £1,373 , to Syd ney the decreaso is £53 922 , Queensland, £45,911, Adelaide, £35,290, and Tasmania, £44,301 To New Zealand there is an in crease of £8,013 In consequence of the favourable tenoi of advices, a considerable impetus \v as imparted to business generally for the remainder of the month borne 400 bales of cornsacks were quitted at prices rising to 13s 3d Candles found buyers to the extent of some 10,000 botes Breaustufls havo not been largely operated in Somo 1 WO tons Victorian and Tasmanian flour weio disposed of, and 30s advance on last months pi ices has been established Tho scarcity of wheat has prevented sales e-s.ceedin¿ 50,000 bushels Transactions in oats amount to 20,000 bushels Californian and about 20 000 bushels Tasmanian Speculative attention was directed towards hops, leading to the disposal of some 800 pockets of Ob s 05 s, and '04 s Malt figures ni the sales of the month to the extent of 20 000 bushels The entire cargo of nee per St Bernard was sold, to arm e Of salt, about 500 tons chiefly to arrive, changed hands The sales of sugars amount to 17 300 bags In ti as consideiablo piogress has been made in the disposal of the 'J ck Li's, Ino's, and Tell's cargoes, while the Louis Kobn's was offered by auction to day, and the resrdt will be found elsevvheio Tobaccoes hav emet with fair notice Opera tions in hulk brandie s have boen extensive last week's sales could not be under 350 hhds 1 lorn Foo chow our dates reach to August 27 ïhe lollowing vessels wero loading for Australia' -Henrietta, Tien tsin, Restless "N oodbme, Isabella, and Spirit of the Seas Sailed -July 21, Helen, July 29, Melrose and 13'airnore, foi Sydney , July 31, Rubicon, for Dunedin , August 13, Albert Victor and the A gidms, foi Melbourno , tho Capsingmon, and Mitcoi, August 19, August 20, Vision, foi Sydney From Calcutta wo leam of the depaiture, for the second timo, of the St Bernard foi Melbourne m August This vissel it may bo remembered, originally left about thr< c months ago, but meeting with heavy weather, had to put back for repairs Ike only vessel loading was the Santon, which had 300 tons nco engaged At Co lombo, the David and Jessie had nearly coin pleted her cargo of codec for Melbourne, and was expected to bo despatched m two or threo daj s after the departure of the mail Advices fiom America, via Panama to the 10th August are to hand, by vi Inch we learn that the departures for the mouth for the colony aro the Agra, from New Yoik July 17, and tho R Bustoed from Boston August 4 The former bungs 13 GOO cases of oil and 1917 pickigcs of to baeco , and the kittel 4,100 coses of oil and 171 packages of tobaeco 'J hese shipments, howevei, weie repotted lost month though the v cssels had not then sailed The ships loading were tho Jenny Beitetiux, at New Yoik, foi Melbourne with 10,100 cases of oil and 520 packages of tobacco, the Emilio with 3 700 cases of oil and 1,101 packages of tobacco , and the Xnlla, at tho same poit foi Sydney, with 2100 cases of oil and 383 packages of tobacco Tho Annie Lisle was loading at New Yoik, and tho China at Boston, both foi Melbourne, and the baique Harald, at Boston, for Otago The faihnoof Messrs W S Anderson and Co , a firm vieil known m the niipoit tinde, was announced on the 11th mst The linbih ties amount m round firmes to £15,000, of which £4,000 falls on Melbourne creditois, the assets are estimated at tfa.000 Losses in wool, stations, and bad debts, amounting to t20,000, have led to this lesult It was thought most advisable to sequestiate the estate at once, ow mg to tho principal ctedi- tors being in England THE rOSTVL CONFERENCE The correspondence between this Govern- ment and tho Government of New South Wnles on the subject of tho late Postal Con- ference is published The correspondence bos special reference to the determination of the tenmnus for the Suez îouto , and, by a senc3 of frivolous objections, Mi Parkes endea v oured to ev ade this matter In conscquenco, however, of the threat that Victoria would withdraw fiom tho ariangoment unless tho subject vv ero loft to be settled by the Federal Council, Mr Parkes, in his last communica tion, says that tho Government of New South Wales "will, at the proper time, he propared to enter into tho discussion of the question in a federativo spirit." This, although somo concession, does not appear to be particularly satisfactory. STOOK AND STATIONS. From Deniliquin we loam that tho great prevalenco of floods-extending, as they do, over the wholo of the Riverine territory-has to a great extent put a stop to the movements of stock ; and shearing operations are neces- sarily held in abeyance. Howevor, this ex- tensive pluvial supply is already opening up bright prospects, inasmuch as many sottlers, who wero afraid of a dry summer, havo been encouraged to stock their stations moro fully than they previously purposed to do. "It appears," writes the Smythesdale cor- respondent of the Star, " that the loss of shorn sheep in the Western District through the late storm will be immense, the parti- culars already to hand being truly deplorable. Mr. M'Donagb, sheep and cattlo dealer, Linton, writes to inform me that on Thurs- day night his man returned with some sheep ho had beon sent for, and that he states for certainty that Mr. Wilson, near Mount Elephant, commenced shearing on Tuesday, 24th September, with a shed of fifteen shearers, who turned out 800 shorn ewes, all of which died on the following day, from ex- posure to tho wind and rain. Tho poor things were lying huddled together in small groups nil over the paddock, and wero a sad sight for oven a man with broad acres to look upon. On Thursday, Mr. Wilson had fivo men engaged in burying the sheep. Thrco hundred other shorn sheep, belonging to Mr. Kobinson, wero also destroyed by the storm on Tuesday. In the northerly portion of tho district, however, thero does not appear to have been any loss, but this may be owing to the shearing not having been commenced. Tho exportation of stock to the Now Zea- land markets has become an almost esta- blished traffic, and prominent amongst the vessels engaged in it is Messrs. M'Meckan and Blackwoods fine steamship Omeo, which left a few days ago for Bluff Harbour, Dunedin, Wellington, and tho various New Zealand ports, and took with her a very fino show of horses and cattle. Amongst theso was a thoroughbred thrce-yoar-old shorthorn bull, bred by Mr. E. M'Dougal, well- known for the excellence of his cattlo. Tho animal is named Broken Horn, his siro being Prince of the Purple, and his dam Mary Nelson, and is owned by' Mr. Jas. llcnrn, of Thorn grove, who has shipped a very fine selection of stock, and proceeds to New Zealand in tho Omeo. A great proportion of the stock on board tho steamer has been sent by Mr. Bookless, an importer as well as an extensivo exporter. In the beginning of tho month, Mr. E. G. Nethercote acting; for the sheriff of the Beech- worth Circuit District, offered for sale, at Beechworth, tho stations in the Benalla dis- trict known as Bailie's-hiU, Euroa, Cropper's, Faithful's Creek, Honeysuckle South, Manga- lore, Seven Creeks, Strathlogie, Saintfield, the Springs, and Wombat-hill, together with 70,000 sheep; also, a quantity of freehold land, amounting to 5,235a. 20p., situate at Seven Creeks, Euroa, Balmattum, &c.; The first lot, comprising tho stations and sheep, was knocked down to Mr. Darvall, acting for Mr. Moss Joshua, Melbourne, for the sum of £120 ; the freehold property being purchased by tho same party for £300. The land and stations were subject to mortgages amount- ing to £87,000, Mr. Joshua being the second mortgagee. The sale was under a writ of fi. fa. in the cases of Jones v. Forlonge, and Stevens v. Forlonge. The Barmedman Station, in the Lachlan district, was sold for £3,000, without stock. Boiling-down establishments, for tho pur- pose of turning our surplus stock to a profit- able account, are being erected in all parts of the country, and it is likely in consequence that our exports of tallow will bo largely in- creased next year. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. It was fully anticipated that the exchange rate on England for the present mail would bo par, but the receipts of wool, which it was expected would furnish an ample means of cover, have, owing to the unsettled weather, been so light as to prevent a lower rato than half per cent, premium from being fixed. A slight concession, to the extent of one per cent., on the rates of discount has been allowed by the banks, who now charge seven per cent, for liincty-fivo days and under, eight per cent, for 125 days, and nine per cent, for longer dated bills. No change has been made in lho rates of interest allowed on deposits, which stand at three percent, for deposits lodged at seven days' notice of with- drawal, and four and six per cent, respec- tively on lodgments at three and six months' notice. WOOL, There have been no sales of wool durinç the month. Tho extraordinary unsettled wea- ther retards business, and makes it quite uncertain when the opening sales will be held. Shearing operations are kept back by the rain, while the heavy floods make it almost impossible to get down wool from the sta- tions, and tho lots at present in store arc held over. NAVIGATION OP THE MURKAY. The subject of the navigation of the Rivoi Murray was brought under tho notice of the Commissioner of Public Works on tho 3rt inst., by Mr. Pascoe, the town clerk of Echuca who represented the borough council of tua town, the members of which body were absent in consequence of some defect in the arrange ments respecting the interview. Tho objeci which the Echuca council havo in viow is t< induce the Government to place a sum o money on the Estimates, in order that ti« survey recommended by thcRoyal Commissior may bo made, with a view to locking tin river, and otherwise improving its navigation Mr. Pascoe pointed out that there were very few peoplo now living on tho banks of the river, in consequence of the large amount o! mechanical power which was required to raist the water from the level to which it san]* during the summer months ; but it could hi made available by means of locks, and con served for irrigating purposes. If this wert done it was believed that a field would ho fur nished for half the population of Great Bri tain. Mr. Vale's answer was, that the work was an intercolonial one, and as such ough to be shared in by New South Wales ; and tin only promise ho was prepared to give was, tim he would bring the matter before.the Cabine at the earliest opportunity, with tha view o seeking the co-operation of tho Govcrnmon of New South Wales in having a thorougl and scientific survey mado of the river be tween two points to be agreed upon, OUR BILLIAIID-TADLE MAKE11S. It is not likely that a finer piece of furni ture was ever manufactured in Victoria if we except the famous sideboard cxhibitei at the last Exhibition- than the hilliard table just made to tho order of tho Govern mont of Victoria, for tho Duko of Edinburgh at Toorak, by Alcock and Co., of Bussell street. To Mr. Alcock is duo the credit o being the first to fairly show that colonia blackwood was one of tho finest woods ii the world-so much so that in order to gc the wood fit for uso ho has had ti procure for himself the trees simply cu into lengths, instead of being roughly-shapei and tho best grained portions adzed off, a was usual before ho entered the market Ho has, however, never developed the quali tics of this beautiful wood better than in tlr structure of this new billiard-table, which ii other respects is of the best niako and colo nial material. It is so rich in colour, ii pattern so well defined, and of surface s finely mottled, that it looks like tortoise shell. A cue-rack to suit is also being pr< pared ¡ and among the cues is one forpn sentation to His Royal Highness, the hand! inlaid with tho best colonial woods-myal eucalyptus, myrtle, blackwood, musk, &c; including tulip wood, which as an omi mental wood is almost unknown. Til legs of the billiard-table aro a curiosity i their way, being "canted," not by bandi the ordinary fashion, but by a machin invented and patented by tho firm, wine cuts flutes into the turned legs at tho rato < one minuto fifteen seconds per ilute. A TAPER-MILL. The building of tho paper-mill on tho soul of the Yarra, near Princo's-bridge, by M Ramsden-who has taken np the ide started by tho late Mr. T. Kenny, nu is likely to ho the first to introduce tl¡ manufacture into this colony-is progressif rapidly, and some idea may already I formed of the extensivo promises wine will, in tho course of five or six montl from the present date, be fully employed i production of the first Victorian-made pane Work was commenced on tho 21stSeptembe but the weather has so much interfere with the operations that the men havo on had twenty-threo working days. Nevcrth less, the foundations-a rather formidal portion of the contract-will bo finished I day, except those of the engine-house ; and ti walls of the machine-house, a brick buildii 130ft. long and 25ft. wide, in which tho pan will be made, aro already up. The manufo tory will consist of eight buildings in all, t! chief of which aro the machine-house, a ra boiling houso, bleaching, houso, and r engine-house. They aro all of brick, ai will be carried two stories high, with t exception of the machino and rag houses. Two hundred and ten tons of machinery have to bo erected, and a portion of it has just been brought to tho ground Wo ob- served that tho slabs used in tho bleach tanks are of stono imported from Scotland, but as the merits of colonial stono aro now butter known than formerly, it is not improbable that it will be used for flagging in somo of the buildings THOMSON niVTO COPPER BITí | The steamship Murray, from the Gipps Land Lakes and Port Albert, on the 4th inst brought ninety six bags of regulus from the coppermine on the Thomson River, con- signed to Mr Kierulf, tho legal manager of tlie Gipps Land Copper mining Tnbutcrs' Company To the onterpnso of tins company wo owe the opening up of the first copper- mine m Victona Tins regulus is tho lirst smelted in this colony, and as such will boan object of curiosity. CUl rATTERSOV CO It, FIELDS A report by Mr Selwyn, the Government geologist, on a recent visit of his to the Cape Patterson coal fields was laid on the tablo of tho Assembly on the evening of the 15th Mr Selwyn exa- mined the shaft sunk by Richard Dav is in 1858, and for vv Inch the Government paid him £110 Tho shaft is eighty-five feet deep, and passes through the following strata - Surface soil, t>3ft áin , coal (rock vein), 3ft. 9m ; sandstone and shale, 10ft 4m , coal (gneiss vein), in threo bands, altogether twenty inches of coal, 3ft 2m , rock, 14ft Cm. At the bottom of tho shaft a boro has been put down nine feet further, through rock of the samo character as that last passed through. This measurement was made somo time ago, and Mr Sel« yn now corrects it by reducing the coal in the lower v cms to tw elvo inches. Supposing tho total thickness of coal avail- able to bo five feet, vi Inch Mr Selwyn be- lieves to be abov e tho mark, it would yield about 381,150 tons of coal in the seventy acres over which tho leaso extends Mr. Selwyn qualifies tins estimate, however, by remarking that if the seams are found, when followed, to thin out rapidly, as it is reason- able to suppose they do, the quantity of avail- able coal would be proportionately diminished. At a distance of some four miles from Cape Paterson n bore has been nut down to a depth of 500ft, in vi Inch no coal has been cut On the Victoria Companys section two bores have been sunk, each 400ft deep, but ia neither of them has any coal been found. At Gnflith s Point a boring has been mado 820ft deep with a hko result This last boro is now being sunk to 1,000ft A considerable amount of work has been done at other places but all the cv idence goes to show that the seams aro not of a workable tlneknes3. No true fire clay has jet been found in any of these borings Tho report docs not at all favoui the expectation that eoal ni payable quantities will be found in this part of tho colony ANEW DISTIIiLERV.. A pioposition to establish a distillery at Belfast has been mooted and a public meet- ing is to bo held to take the project into con- sideration the promoters point to tho fact of gram being cheapei theio than at any other part of the colony as giving a special advantago to such an undei taking in that district It is also proposed to establish a starch mill for consuming the large stock of potatoes now spoiling in the hands of the far- mers for want of a maiket Potatoes aro so abundant in the distnet that 12s Gd per toa can scarcely bo realised for thom AbSTBUJU» ALL.IV.NCh INSUltVNCE COMPAVY The annual meeting of tho Australian Al- liance Insuiance Company was held on the 30th Scptembci , the lion R S Anderson, M L C , in the chair Erom the report of the directors it appeared that the company was m a very nourishing condition The profits made dunng the year amounted to £11,731-moro than fifty per cent on the paid up capital of the company Out of this a div ldcnd of ton per cent wns declared The wiping out of the item "preliminary expenses," amounting to £2,021, absoibcd another ten pel cent ; and tho remaining thirty per cent was carried to the reservo fund, which now amounts to£20,410 The report was adopted, and the retinng directors of the company the Hon Captain MacMnhon and the lion. J. S Johnston-vv ere re elected IMPORTS A>D huonrs The following table gives the imports and exports since the beginning of the year, as compared with the coircspondmg penod of 1S0C - Week endmg Import« .Exporte 1807 Jan 6 Jan 12 Jan 19 Ja» 20 loll 2 Fell 0 Tel) 10 Tob 23 March 2 March 0 Mai cn 10 March 23 March 30 April 0 April 13 April 20 April 27 May 4 May 11 May l8 May 25 Juno 1 Juno 8 Juno 15 Juno 22 [ Juno 20 I July 6 ' July 13 July 20 I July 27 i Auer 3 ' Aug 10 Aug 17 Aue 24 i Aug 31 bopt 7 I Sept 14 i Sept 21 Sopt 28 ' Oct. G Oct 12 Oet 10 I £ 810 401 250,717 100,804 170,409 212 321 853,743 302.-0O 23.1 014 208,005 200,285 377,771 240,570 105,305 1113,5115 141,850 801,037 131,520 202.90G 307,240 243,805 120,304 847,080 3'0,057 307,808 300,120 227,053 15r>,001 222,241 271,134 170 740 314 874 350,011 400 822 ?!2 550 210,071 230 008 251,200 358,643 250 ISO 312 073 214 454 417,351 843,447 373 050 800,403 210,874 231,807 211,854 11)3,088 830,476 298 154 2S7.223 241,407 100 105 00,724 147,342 404,010 130,410 200,802 207,054 207,709 173,600 138,510 CO 012 201,307 107,167 217 888 00 150 222,708 185,083 194,383 300 017 200,053 148 080 141,700 188 001 217.2S4 187,120 205 058 117,812 230,800 22S715 143 012 185,124 145,411 182,470 171,904 600,995 142,014 257,877 74,031 027,260 132,610 1S0.807 100,071 454,505 111,700 08,003 171,844 31,015 472,150 118,271 61,000 377,087 30S,207 01,244 212,719 47.401 40,374 003,103 101,207 170,041 110,317 379.0S5 81,234 202.S31 95,902 231,557 320,137 02,055 95,510 179,005 120,331 88,370 839,413 135,430 lll,208,182 I S 8 IO 0011 8,802,8 IO I S,4S3,30Ï £ 807,509 203,480 219,074 010,328 10-1,012 213,047 200,410 143,010 327,618 80,012 214,234 205,048 230,435 182,010 62,008 275,310 210129 221 349 80 291 160,215 122,324 284,042 276,001 37,257 53154 878,855 120,028 189,000 93,600 2)0,204 142,018 131,205 70,508 412,728 303,378 31,301 70,025 201,007 170,142 320,371 62,251 87,044 Dunng the first ponod the account stood thus - Importa .£11,203,182 Exporte .8,802,810 Balmico of Importa ovor exporta £2,345,333 Dunng the second period - Importe .. .. £8,839,003 Exporte.8,488,303 Balnnrn of Importa ovor oxports £350,700 Comparing the above ponods with each, other, the results aro as undei - Importe In 1800 £11,208,182 Import« lu 1807 .. 8,839,003 Decrease Exports in 1800 Exporte lu 1307 £2,309,179 £8,802,810 8,483,303 £374,51« STOCKS IN BOND The following were tho stocks m bond at Melbourne on the 22nd of October - Blandy, B,CM)j hhds 20,018 cases, min, 050^ hhds , 720 cases , genev a, 9} hilda, .i'>,77f5 eases led, 2.i 13 do green, whiskey, 322 hhds, 0 250 ensis, gin (sweetened), 2 hhds , JW eases , coi dials, 2 lbl cases , spirits of wine, lOOj hhds , othei spirits 27 j hhds, 1Ü80Ü cases, wine, S,338^hhdn, 22,208 cabes, beei, 5,499 hhds," 21,8)2 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufactuied), 2 .389 liulf tieiees, 2,010 quarter tieiccs, 8,218 three quiiitel boves and bo\cs, 4,792 coses-total, 2 914,31Glb , do (unmanufac tuied), 82 hhds and casks 87 cases, 1,803 bales-total 0091011b, cigai % fe07i cases total, 10108'ilb , snuff, 20 paekages, tea, 10,308 chests 24,110 half chests 0,404 boxes ; coffee, 15b bags 4 tierces, HO casks, 280 li ii leis-total, 18G, 7391b , sugar-Mauritius, 3'),480 bags, Manilla, 40,811 bigs, Java, 15,213 bags , othei, 1.C71 toas, 753 eases and casks, molasses, lo lons 5 ovvt ; chicory, 131 pacientes , opium (piepucd), 40 pack- ages-total, 2,3501b , di ltd flints, 4,088 n ickagos, hops, 35') pockets, neo, 9,014 bags, 28baiiols, malt, 9,057 bags , colonial spirits, 731 hhds , 28 eases . bottled fruits, 396 packages, candles, 1,437 chests and packages, 10,582 boxes, cocoa and chocolate, 238 coses ; meseived meats lish, &,e , 21,508 packages; buttei, 57'l paekages , nuts 132 pnckogqsj salt, 2,1'M packages, do, rock, 1,517 evvt , hams and baeoil, 1,831 packages, con fcelioneiy, \\.c, 9i>9 cases , oilmen s stores, 21,374 ceses, maizena, 1,810 boves, soap, 130 i ases and casks , jams, 828 cases , var- nish, 582 cahLS and casks , cheese, 1 ODO packages, vinegar, 821 cases, 750 casks; sadd leo, katbeiwaie, ¿Le , 27piekagcs, toys nndvioodcnware G1 packages, blushwnroand vvickerwaie 121 pickages, furniture, 780 cases , musical msti iniients, 1 case , nul hneiy, drapery, hosiery, soft goods, &c;, 2,395 cases, woollens, 78 packages , apparel and slops, 412 packages, hats, bonnets, and caps 19 pac kages , boots and shoos, 1,008 packages, earthenware mid glassware, ?8a'packages ; jewellery and plate, 2G cases; 'f'oáts, 8,7b2 bags ; barley, 8,241 bags ; flour, 7,723 bags ; maize, 002 bags ; turpentine, oil, "and kerosene, 71,027 cases ; sacks and bags, 837 packages ; drugs, 286 packages ; ironware, 902 packages; wheat, 1,709 bags: cordage, ' 84 packages ; stationery and paper, 205 cases ; ' leadware, 40 cases ; brassware, 13 cases. THE REVENUE. The revenue returns for the quarter, the nine months, and the year ending' on the 30th nit. have been published. 'The total re Tenue for the quarter .was £895,901, as against £783,097, in the samo period of 1S0G. .As the increaso in the item of spirits alone, however, was £123,501, and as tho total in- crease was only £111,908, it follows that there would have been a falling off but for the chango of tho present duties, and tho forestalment of tho revenue of some future quarters under that head. Theio were in- creases in wine, tobacco, cigars, tea (£4,457), sugar, coffee, opium, and rice ; and decreases of no great amount in beer, hops, and malt. Wharfage rates fell off by £4,731, and the gold export duty hy £10,8S0. Sales of land by auction show a remarkable decrease-from £76,714 to £33,311. The revenue fiom rents and selections fell from £57,533 to £14,582, and pastoral occupation returned less by £3,530. On the other hand, the rents of leases under the Amending Act increased by £5,947, and miners' rights by £1,082. The railway income was less by £11,043, and that from tho electric telegraph by £1,912; while tho water supply returned an increase of £1,982. Tonnage decreased by.£010, and pilotage by £51. In all tho courts, thero was a de- cline in fees ; but under the head " miscella- neous," thatsingularitem "all other receipts" showed an increase of £13,749. lor the nino months ending 30th September tho revenue was £2,256,703, showing an increaso of £202,377. The principal increases were-on spirits, £131,005; tobacco, £9,140; tea, £15,918; and tho new or " all other" duties, £135,839 ; sales of land by auction, £12,897 ; leases and licences, £18,273 ; and rents under the Amending Land Act, £10,705. The chief -j&ccreii;öcs were-wharfage rates, £10, «VU ; ex- port ùu'ey ¿2 !olfl: mwi ideaos' "licences, £1,600 ; other licences, £1,009 ; from rents and selections, £21,054 ; pas- toral occupation, £3,780 ; minors' rights, £1783 ; railways, £25,808 ; tonnage, £1,821; pilotage, £101 ; postage, £lö,053 ; fees, £-1,340 ; fines, £1,887 ; and labour of prisoners, £580, The revenue for the year was £3,040,701, showing an increase of £91,258 over that of 1800, or £43,349 less than the increased revenue derived from spirits alone. The decreases amounted to £2S7,029, and aroso on thirty-five items of account, while the increases wero on thirteen items only. They amounted to £378,287, but of that sum tho increase in spirits and tho now duties together represented not less than £293,058 ! The railway income fell off by not less than £70,912, the water- supply by £15,307, and the electric telegraph bv £5,125. The following is a comparative statement of the net revenues of Victoria received into the Treasury during and on account of the quaiters and years ending 30th September, 1800 and 1807, respectively : Quarter ending, Sept.30,|Scpt.3( 1S00. 1807. Sept. 30,¡Sept. 30, 1600\. | isor. Year ending I.-CUSTOMS Import duties Oil Spirits Wiao.. Beer ai cider' Tobacco ai »null Cigars Tea .. Sugar and mo- lasses Coffee, chi- cory, cocoa, and choco- lato Opium Klee .. Hops .. Malt .. ' Wharfage rates Export duty on gold .. AU other du \- tics, including ' dried fruits .. Total Customs.. .II.-1ÏXCISK. Spirits distilled in Victoria Publicans' liconccs Auctioneers' do... AU oilier licences 111,247 8,018 8,345 30,33; 2,110 8,083 1-1,500 3,750 4,733 2,020 1,470 2,210 21,081 :0,42: 61,627 234,800 0,417 8,010 3ij220 2,125 12,610 10,805 3,810 6,1 IS 2,417 813 2.16S 10,347 0,511 87,103 448,450 40,532 81,303 110,708 10,579 02,850 13,041 18,772 11,083 0,377 0,034 01,032 87,051 125,804, 683,457 37,801 31,300 120,710 0,013 48,893 07,873 13.5S1 10,113 10,551 6,017 7,350 84,727 40,172 284,355 203,471 448,401 8,223 425 142 050 Total exclso 0,460 III.-TEIUU TOMAT.. Eulo ol land by auction.. Accrued from rents and selec- tions Pastoral occupa- tion Tecs, leases, and liconccs.. lient of leases under Amend- ing Act.. Minors' rights . Business licences, leases of aurifer- ous and mineral land - vvator rlght and search- ing licences .. Total territorial IV.-IKCOME rnosi ruilMO WOIIKB. llallvvny incomo.. Water supply .. Electric telegraph Total public works V. - TOUTS AND lUnBOUits, Tonnage .. l'ilotago (at out ports) . . Total ports and harbours VI.-PosTAaR (In eluding receipts under " money orders ") VII.-FHM. Supreme Court .. General Sessions k County Courts.. Courts of Hines.. Courts of Petty Sessions All other fees Total fees VW.-FIXES AM KOKITilTÜHKS. Supreme Court . General Sessions k County Courts.. Courts of Pettj Sessions All other fines .. Total lines and forfeitures IX.-SIISCKLLANK OUB. Kents, exclusivo oí land Government prin- ter labour of pri- soners .. Stomgo of gun powder .. Salo of Govern- ment property.. All other receipts Total mlscolla 110OUH Total revenue. Net Increaso tho quarter Mot Increaso tho year 8,4571 20,801 13,431 4.0S1 6,802 30,142 3,531 2,833 3,807 0,081' 60,230 40,405 76,714 67,533 01,704 10,178 30,401 2,700 1,173 4,151 42,402 41,582 58,258 10,072 203,097 182,010 121,023 38,357 258,S01| 132,404! 10,1151 8,007 157,487 5,320 72 6,303 20.G82 4,01' 030| 22(1, 2,700 0,051 ¡ 17,058 1,007 200 1,381 C51 370 823 0,408 0,840 783,002 42,411 125,707 8,872 15,880 l,20l| 6,222,' 3,S7ll 210,570 120,821 18,0!fci 0,1)01 146,011! 4,030 20 4,701 23,051 2,481 8,5101 10,732 1,002 131 1,180 621 402 1,045 20,218 23,540 805,001 783,002] 111,005 232,802 100,303 150,070 08,152 137,201 11,080 4,072 15,004| 14,091 772,703 785,323 603,004 75,850 31,585 078,440 17,000, 201 17,000 133,100 17,010 4,050! 5S4¡ 11,521 40,415 74,184 4,007 18,052 24,417 2,052 4,044 2,337 1,401 2,504 27,843 40,037 407,002 00,551 20,400 537,104 17,750 113 112,007 18,733 3,321 481 10,407 33,200 00,233 700 10 3,002 2,131 0,103 1,517 4,002 1,022 1,-137 3,420 29,201 42,170 01,253 * Tlio dlfforonco obsorvablo botweon this amount mid that shown In the comparativo statement for tho corresponding quartor last year Is caused by an amount of £7,311 5s. Sd. credited originally to Trust Fund, on account ol now duties during quarter ond Ing 31st December, 1805. TUE BANKS. THE COLONIAL. The half-yearly meeting ¿f tho shareholders of the Colonial Bank was held on the Hist., . lho Hon.' J. O'shanassy in tho chair. Tho report, which stated that tho net profits for tho year amounted to £32,722 Is. 4d., and pro- posed that a dividend at tho rato of eight per cont. per annum should bo declared, was unanimously adopted. Somo discussion took place as to tho propriety of placing a portioii of the company a shares on the London mar- ket. Air. Harker and Mr. Galbraith expressed an opinion that such, a step would add consi- derably to tho value of tho shares : but Mr. O'shanassy believed that its advantages would ho trilling, and that it would ho a de parture from the principle on which the bank was founded, viz., that it should be made as for as possible a local institution. The directors, however, expressed themselves will- ing to discuss tho proposal at a conference with the shareholders. The following is the twenty-second report of the directors, which was presented to the shareholders at the half-yearly meeting :- , " The directors bog to submit to tho proprietors tho accompanying atatoinent of tho affairs of tho bank as on 30th Soptenibcr last. The not prouts, alter deduct- ing interest duo depositors, ice, tho expenses of management, repairs to premises, and allowance for bad and doubtful debts, &o.;, amount to (Including tho balance of £3,770 17s. 7d. from last half-year) £32,722 is. 4Û., which tbo directors propose to apportion as follows, viz. : Dividend at tho rato of eight per cent. per annum .. '.£17,500 0 0 llescrvo fund .3,200 0 0 Bobato on bills not yet duo .. .. 9,1)27 10 0 Balanco carried to profit and loss-now account.2,034 8 4 £82,722- 4 1 "During tho past half-year tlio branch at Taradalo has been withdrawn. Your ditcctors havo deemed it their duty, in (heir estimate of tho valuo of securities, to make provision for the depreciation which has taken place in tlio Molbourne and Hobson's Bay United Itali« uy stock held by the bank; and thoy havo, therefore, written off £16,700, or £10 a share, from liio reserve fund to tlio credit of tlio 1,570 shares, ilio number now held, and valued at £50 each, or par. Two years «go tlieso securities wero valued at £U0 each, and tlio premium carried to reservo fund. Tlio shares sold so far-\iz., 1,118-havo realised upwards oi £01 each. The dividend will bo payablo at tho iicad ollico on and after tomorrow, and at tbo brunches on receipt of advice." BAIiAXCE-SUEEr rou HIE HALF-YEAU EKDINQ 30111 SEI' TESlllEn, 1S07. Dr. To capital .£437,500 5 0 Todoposits . 810,247 10 11 To notes in circulation .. .. 82,002 0 0 To bills in eil eulatlon. 2,573 13 11 To balances duo to other banks .. 19,107 10 To reserve fund . 67,500 0 To prout and loss-net balanco .. 32,722 4 £1,44S,432 19 0 Cr. By coin and bullion. £223,373 17 4 By notes and bills of other banks .. 1,005 1 1 By billa receivable and other ad- vances. 1,130,730 7 By balances duo from other hanks.. 22,140 4 By bank premises. 52,487 9 By Government securities ,, ,, p,ooo 0 £1,44S,432 Ï5 Dr. Profit and Loss. To current oxpemes, including salaries, rents, ropairs, stationery, &c.; .. £13,393 2 To dividend at 8 per cent, per annum.. 17,500 0 To reservo fund. 3,200 0 To rebate on bills current and interest due to depositors . 9,027 10 To balance to profit and loss-new ac- count . 2,034 8 £40,115 0 Cr. - By gross profit for the half-year, alter providing for bad and doubtful debts £42,33S 8 10 By amount brought forward from last half-year.3,770 17 7 , £40,115 0 5 Dr. lleservo Fund. To adjustment of railway securities ..£15,700 0 0 Tobalanco.45,000 0 0 £00,700 0 0 Cr. By balanco at 31stMarch last .. ..£57,500 0 0 By transfer from prout and loss .. 3,200 0 0 £00,700 0 0 TUE NATIONAL. The following is the report of the National Bank, dated 10th October, which will be sub- mitted to the general meeting on the flth proximo : "Tlio directors, in presenting their ninth half yearly report and balance- sheet as on 30th Septombor last, have much pleasure, in assuring you of tho con- tinued progicss and prosperity of the bank. Tlio results of the lialf-j ear's operations aro as follow : Tlio net profit«, after allowing for rebato on bills, interest paid and accrued on deposits, and making ample provision for bad and doubt- ful debts, amount to.£40,002 3 3 Balanco forward from last half-yoar.. 1,208 10 4 £41,000 13 7 Which sum it is recommended shall bo appropriated os follow H : To dividend at tho rato of ten per cent, per annum.£27,000 0 4 To bonus of Is. por share, equivalent to 2J per cent, per annum .. 0,750 0 0 To reservo fund (making £145,000; .. 5,000 0 0 To balance carried forward .. .. 3,210 13 7 £41,900 13 7 " During tlio half-year branches have been opened at Warrnambool, and Narracoorto (In South Austra- lia). Tho directors im ite tlio personal co- operation of tho shareholders in oxtendlng tlio business and con- nexion of the Institution." UALANCE-BllBhï TOIl TUE HALF-YEAR ENDINO 30TI1 ¡jEITEMllER, 1807. Dr. To capital paid up . £540,000 0 0 To notes in circulation. 189,222 10 0 To bills in circulation. 215,384 6 0 To deposits . 1,153,422 2 To balances duo to other banks .. 45,093 3 8 To reserve fund. 140,000 0 0 To profit and loss .. - .. 41,000 13 7 £2,325,082 14 7 Cr. ' By specio on hand .. .. . .. £303,320 14 10 By bullion . 34,795 18 0 By Gpvonimcnt dobontures .. .. 51,800 0 0 By bills remitted and bullion in transita .104,047 13 8 By balances duo by other banks .. 31.9SI 10 0 By notes of other banks .. .. 5,751 8 8 By bills receivable and nil other advances .1,010,021 8 10 By bank premises and f urnituro .. 82,451 10 10 £2,325,082 14 7 Profit and Loss Account. To current expenses at head office and forty-thino branches and agencies.. £29,012 1 3 Tobalanco.41,000 13 7 £71,672 14 10 By balanco brought forward .. .. £1,298 10 4 By gross piofits for half-year (after making ullowanco for bad mid doubt- ful debts, Interest on deposits out- standing, and rebate onbills current) 70,274 4 G £71,672 14 10 Reservo Fund Account. Tobalanco .£140,000 0 0 By balanco 31st March last .. ,. £135,000 0 0 By tranhfcrfroniprolltaiidlossacccunt 6,000 0 0 £140,000 0 0 The following general abstracts, showing the averi'ge amount of tho liabilities and assets of the several banks to which they refer, talton from the sovoral weekly state- ments during tho quarter from the 1st July to the 30th September, were published in the Government Gazette : Tlio London Chartered Bank of Australia.-Liabi- lities-Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £105,474 17s. 2d, j bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £1,73514s. 5d. ; balances duo to o ti cor banks, £834 8s. 2d. ; deposits, not bearing Intorest, £140,518 7s, Od. ; doposits, bearing interest, £511,65S lfls. 2d. Total amount of liabilities, £700,152 3s. 5d. Atsots Coined gold and silver and other coined motáis, £211,449 7s. 7d. ; gold and silver lu bullion or bars, £28.007 10s. 0d. ; landed property, £09,541 Os. Od. ; notes and bills of other bank*, £7,800 Os. 2d. ; balances duo from othor banks, £1,77711s. 5d. ; amount of all debts due to tho bank, including notes, bills of ex- change, and all stock and funded debts of every de- scription, excepting notes, bills, and balnncos duo to the said bank from other banks, £1,399,043 5s. Id. Total amount of assets, £1,713,58512s. 3d. Tho return Includes tlio following:-Amount of tho capital stock paid up atthocloso of tho quarter ending 30th Sep- tember, 1807, £1,000,000 ; rato of the last dividoud declared to the shareholders, eight per cent, por annum and bonus of one per cent, for half your : amount of the last dividend declared, £50,000 ; amount of tho reserved profits at tho time of declar- ing such dividend, £103,570 15s. lOd. Tlio Natlohal Bank of Australasia.-Liabilities Kotes in circulation, not bearing Interest, £102,071 8s. Od. ; bills In circulation, not bearing interest, £1,076 i!s. lid. ; balances duo to other banks, £12,783 Os. Id. ; deposita, not bearing lutorost, £251,187 12a. Sd. ; deposits, bearing interest, £111,000 18s. 2d. Total amount of liabilities, £783,502 8s. 4d. Assets Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £153,769 3s. Od. ; gold and sllvor in bullion or bars, £20,092 12s. 2d. ; landod property, £40,310 13s. Gil. ; notes and hills of other banks, £19,750 12s. lOd. ; balances duo from othor banks, £33,040 7s. 3d. ; amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every description, oxcopting notes, bills, and balances duo to tile said [bank from othor banks, £833,205 4s. lOd. Total amount of assets, £1,171,403 14s. Tho ictuni also Includes tho follow lug :-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tlio closo of the quarter ended 30th Soptcmbcr, 1807, £540,000 ; rate of tho lout divi- dend declared to tho shareholders, ton per cent, and two and a half per cent, bonus ; amount of tho last dividend declared, with bonus two and a half por cent., £33,750 ; amount of tho reserved profits at the timo of declaring such dividend, £140,000. Tho Commercial Bank of Australia (Limited). Liabilities-Notes in circulation, not bearing Inte- rest, £18,75113s. lOd. ; bills in circulation, not boar ing interest, £100 7s. Id. ; balances duo to other banks, £2,008 7s. ; deposits, bearing interest, £119,803 Is. Total amount of liabilities, £141,203 8s. lid. Ablets-Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £03,515 Is. ; g-old and slhor In bullion or tuns, £0,075 Is. 4d. ; landed proportyi £G00; notes and bills of other banks, £2,431 ¡ balances dut) from other banks, £0,010 Os. lOd. ; amount of all debts duo to tlio bank, Including notes, bills of exchange, mid all stock and funded debts of overy description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to the said bank from other banks, £109,480, 8s. Id. Total amount of assets, £248,800 17s, 3d. Tho return in- cludes tho following:-Amount of tlio capital stock paid up at tlio closo of tho quarter ending 30th Sep- tember, 1S07, £10S.0SI. Tho Bank of Victoria.-Liabilities-Notes lu cir- culation, not bearing interest, £203,592 ; bills in cir- culation, bearing interest, £10,2S310s. Id. ; balances due to other banks, £38,64314s. 3d. ; deposits, not bearing Interest, £694,300 Os. Cd. ; deposits, bearing interest, £1,272,030. Total amount oi liabilities, £2,170,700 10s. lOd. Absots-Coined gold and silver mid other coined metals. £291,428 7s. 7d. ; gold mid silver, in bullion or bars, £122,037 6s. 3d. ; landed property, £130,640 2s. Gd.'; notes and bills of other banks, £19,000 9s. 3d. ; balances due from other hanks, £112,4CS 9s. ; amount of all debts duo to the bink, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notus, bills, and balances duo to tlic said bank from other banks, £2,148,C5S 11s. 7d. Total amount of assets, £2,820,090 6s. 2d. Tlio return also Includes the fol- lowing :-Amount of the capital stock paid up at tho close of the quarter ending 30th September, 1807, £500,000; rato ol tlio last dividend declared to tho shareholders, ten per cent, per annum ; amount of lho lost dividend declared, £25,000 ; amount of the reserved profits at tho timo of declaring such divi- dend, £100,000. Tho Colonial Bank of Australasia.-Liabilities Kotes in circulation, not bearing interest, £S5,313 4s. 4d. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £1,445 Ss. 8d. ; balances duo to other banks, £23,892 3s. lid. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £303,316 Cs. 4d. ; do posits, hearing interest, £485,8710s. 4d. Total amount of liabilities, £800,830 18s. 7d. Assets-Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £143,049 4s. 8d. ; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £10,233 18s. ; landod property, £62,487 9s. 3d. ; notes and bills of other banks, £7,700 10s. 4d. ; balances duo from other banks, £33,495 0s. 8d. ; amount of all debts due to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock mid funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to tlio said bank from other hanks, £1,157,010 Os. 10d.. Total amouut of assets, £1,414,402 Is. Od. The return includes tile fol- lowing:-Amount of the capital stock paid up at tho close of tile quarter onding 30th September, 1807, £437,500 ; rato of tho last dividend declared to tho shareholders, clgl t per cent per annum ; amount of tho lost dividend declared, £17,500 ; amount of tho lcscrvcd profits at tho timo of declaring such dividend, £57,500. _ THE RAILWAYS. The revenue from the Government lines of railway continues to show a decrease under all heads as compared with tho same weeks of last year. The aggregate revenue for the past week was £0,595 4s. 7d.,-and for the.corre- sponding period of 18C6 it was £11,412 4s. Sd,, or a decrease of not less than £1,817 0s. Id., while the weekly decrease on the aggregate for the first nine months of the year was only £748 7s. During the week the Murray lino returned £5,852 Gs. ; the Ballarat Une £3.141 19s. 3d. : and the Williamstown line only £000 19s. 4d. The revenue of the Victorian Railways for the month of September is reported : Passengers, __ Pareéis, ÎÏOHOS, Uaf riages, Dogs, &e.; °«,?,IS 1 "Totftl. Live Stock. I -»«venue Murray Bivor line.. Williamstown line .. Ballarat line. Totals 1011 14 3 CSS0 19 7i £ s. d. 10187 15 8] 10S7 10 81 7101 10 3 £ s. d. 23S70 0 10 16,275 5 Ol 25030 10 7| 40912 1 7 Number of pasicngcrs :-Murray river lino, 13,003 ; Williamstown line, 37.745J; Ballarat lino, 12,2331 ; total, 03,037. The returns of the Melbourne and ITobson's Bay United Bailway Company for the week ending October 17 show the total received for the week to be £1,867 17s. Id. ; the receipts for the corresponding week of the previous year being £2,332 7s, lOd. The aggregate receipts from tho 1st of July amounted to £34,293 Cs. Ud., or a weekly average of £2,2S0 Cs. 5d. ; tile receipts for the same period of the year 18GG being £37,830 12s. 10d., or a weekly averago of £2,407 8s, REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Thero has been a fair business done in tho share market this month. Thoru have been, of courso, in- tervals of dulncss, but, generally speaking;, thero has been an improvement, not only in fooling, but in the realisable market value of most of tho securities cur- rently dealt in. The advanco is particularly notice- able in some of tlio principal dividend-paying mines, which, besides having paid handsome returns, show such upward changes as follow (wo quote tho best buying rates of 20th September, as compared with those of to-day) ¡-Albion, Ballarat, have advanced from £12 to £17 ; Bonshaw, from £125 to £140 ; Koh-i-noor from £0 to £12 (exclusive of a now issuo of Cricket Resorvo shares); Leviathan, from £5 to£0; Prince of Wales, from £13 to £10 ; Band of Hopo from £75 to £00. l Tho two great disputes with respect to titlo to mino beneath the Park and tho Cricket Ito scrvo are now In such a position that doubt is at an end, and one depressing influence is thus removed. Investment stocks havo been in constant steady re- quest. Victoria Government six per cent, debentures have advanced one and a half per cent. Banks have improved where any change lias disclosed itself. Two bank balance-sheets have been published. Insuranco shares have in the caso of ono company ad- vanced considerably. Gas stocks unaltered. Alluvial mines command much moro attention than quartz, and transactions are moro numerous in thom. Mining calls aro not now pressing with any sevorlty upon holders. Money is abundant and chc-apor. Tno dividends declared during the mail month and up to Thursday, the 21th inst., amount to £117,140. Of this amount the Colonial Bank dividend, at rato of eight per cent, per annum, amounts to £17,500 ; tho Australian Allianco Assurance Company, ten per cent, per annum, £2,400; and mines to £07,180; of the latter alluvial mines gave £70,840, and quartz mines £20,340. Debentures.-Victorian Government six per cent, non-rcrcittablo wero quiet at 100 to 100J until tho arrival of tho English mall; after that tho balance of the bonds available in tho Treasury wore all taken, and tho market improved to 1011, at which tlio price now stands. Melbourne Corporation sixes aro taken occasionally at par. There aro no other debónturo securities just now available. Banks.-Ballarat Bank held for £4 Is. Colo- nial Bank havo boon sold at prices varying from £7 6s. to £7 fls. Od. cum. div. ; tho balance-sheet shows a fair profit for the half-year; it has, how- ever, been found necessary to reduco thu reservo fund considerably ; tlic bank stills holds a largo num- ber of shares in tho Hobson'a Bay Hallway Company (home 1,500), and these had been valued tit £00 per share ; as tho market prlco lias now fallen to £50, it was deemed prudent to reduce the bank valuation ac- cordingly ; tlio market now stands at about £7 ox div. Commercial Bank have been sold at £4 4s., £4 5s., £1 Od., and close at £4 5s. ; tho bank is making fair progress. National Bank havo improved from £5 14s. to £5 10s., lit which the latest transactions havo takon placo ; tho balance-sheet has been published, and is regarded as a very satisfactory document ; dividend is recommended at rato of twelve and a half per cent, per annum, and tlio reservo fund is raised to £145,000. Bank of Kew South Wales havo not boen dealt in ; tho value is about £4(1. Bank of Victoria, Melbourne register, havo been in demand at £38. Land Mortgago Bank frequently taken at £2 Is., £2 Ss. Gas Companies.-Ballarat Gas havo ad- vanced locally to £9. Bendigo Gas aro to bo had at £2 15s. Collingwood and Fitzroy aro in demand at AC 5s., mid £0 7«. Od. would be taken. Daylesford Gas always saleablo at £8 10s. ( Melbourne Gas aro firm ; at £4 8s. tlio latest salo wies made. Insurance Companies. -Australasian Firo and Marino. wero a month sinco at 22s. Od., buyers ; tlioy havo improved about 7s. Gd. per share, sales having boen rondo at 30s. Intelligence has boon re- ceived of tlio formation of a board of direction in London, and this has had a favourable influence. Lifo shares worth 12s. to 13s. Tho Australian Alli- ance Company's meeting passed off satisfactorily ; sales at 10s., mid dealers a little cither tide of this quotation. Southern Insuranco havo beon consider- ably dealt In at 27s. to 27s. 3d., and on terms al 28s. Victoria Lifo and General wanted at 27s., and Victoria Firo and Marino at £23. Railways.-Hobson'B Bay Itailvvay are nominally worth £50, but no transac- tions have transpired this month. For tlio latest prices of mining shares, wo refer to tho stock and sharo Hit in another column. Tlio divi- dends declared have been in detail as follow : -For week ending 28th September- Albion, Sebas- topol, 16s. per 0,447th ; Ballarat Freohold, £1 per 3,000th ; Black-hill, Ballarat, 6s. per 2,480th ; Bon- shaw, Ballarat, £1 per 3,300th ; BrcaW-Day, lake- wood, 6s. per 3,000th ; Exchequer, Daylesford, £1 per 240th ; Great Gulf, Ballarat, 2s. Od. per 8,000th ; Nel- son, Maldon, £1 6s. per 520th ; Nowington freehold, Ballarat, £110s. per 2,000th ; Brinco of Wales, Sobas topo), 12s. (k1. per8,343rd; Scottish aud Cornish, Bal- larat, 10s. per 4,032nd; United Sir William Don. Bal- larat, £1 per 2,000th ; Western Freohold, Ballarat, 16s. per 3,000th. For week ending 5th October Australian Allianco Assurance, ten per cent, on capitul, or Is. 3d. per sharo; Albion, Steiglitz, £1 per 2,000th ; Cambrian, Tarnagulla, £9 per 283th; Clunes Quartz, £1 per 2,000tli ; Hunt's Company, CafJnoy's Creek, £1 por Bharo ; Koh-i-noor, Ballarat, 10s. per 3,200th ; Llanberris Quartz, 3s. por 2,O00th ; National, Durham, Cs. per 3,200tb ; Try Again, Springdallah, £1 per 720th ; United Extondod Band of Hopo, 10s. per 12,800th ; Unity, Inglowood, 6s. per 1,400th ; Victoria, Clunes, 10s. per UOOtli ; Wheal Kilty, Springdallah, £30 per 28th. For week ending 12tb October - Al Company, Castlo Beef, £110s. por l,600th ; Argus, Bendigo, Od. per 20,000th ; Ballarat Freehold, 10s. per 3,000th ; Nelson, Maldon, 16s. per 620th ; Newington, Ballarat, £110s. per 2,000th ; North Speclmcn-lilll, Bendigo, 21 por cent, on capital ; South Ajax, Bolivia Reef, Od. per 7,000th ; United Sir Wm. Don, £1 por 2,000th ; United Working Miners', 10s. per 4,800th ; Victoria, Clunes, £1 per 900th ; Western Freohold, 15s. per 3,000th. For week ending 19th October- Atlas, Springdallah, 5s. por 1,408th; Clunes (quartz), 8s. por 2,000th; Derby, Maldon, £210s. per 210th ; Eclipso, Bendigo, Od. per 12,000th ; Great Northern Freohold, Balla- rat, 10s. per 2,260th ; Grand Trunk, Springdallah, 10s. per 1,000th ; Hustlor's Beef, 1B. per 20,870th ; Johnson's Beef Gold Mines, Cd. por 19,573rd ; Koh-i noor, Ballarat, 15s. per 3,200th ; London and Mel- bourne, Taradalo, 3s. per 3,000th ; Try Again, Springdallah. £1 15s. per 720th ; United lied Jacket, Ballarat, 6s. per 4,400tb ; Unity, Ingle- wood. 6s. per 1,400th ; United Extondod Band of Hope, Ballarat, 10s. per 12,800th. And up to Thursday, 21th October - Colonial Bank of Australasia, at rato of eight nor cent, per annum; A 1 Castle Reef, 10s. per 1,600th ; Albert, Maldon, 3d. per 10,0001b; Black-hill, 5s. per 2,480th; Ureak-o' Dav, Rokewood, 10s. per 3,000th ; Bonshaw, 16s. per 3,3U0th ; Extended Sons of Freedom, Chilton), 5s. per 0,344th ; Privateer, Is. per 1,600th ; Brinco of Wales, £1 per 8,313rd ; Robinson Crusoe, Id. por sharo. Tho principal Bendigo yields (excluding thoso below twenty-live ounces) have been:-For vvcok onding 2Sth September- Ellesmere, 50oz. ; Bird's Reef, 4S»z. ; Garibaldi,/40oz. ; Hildcbrandt and Koch, Aloz. ; Hustler's Reef, lOOqz. ; SIornlngLlght(alluvlal), 50oz. ; Windmill Company (private), lOSoz. ; Frederick tho Great, Sebastian, 32oz. ; Johnson's Reef, 30oz. ; Comet Company, 75oz. ; Royal Albert, C3oz. ; Sparrowhawk, 47oz. ; Eclipse Company, Rodan, 62oz. For vvcok ending 6th October-Exten- ded Hustler's, COoz. ; Comet, 48oz. ; Johnson's Reef, 81oz. ; Nelson Reef, 63oz. ; Catherine United, 160oz. ; Alabama, M'lvor, 29oz. ; B. Lazarus, Now Chum, 177oz. ; Garibaldi, New Chum, 25oz. ; Elles- mere, New Chum, S5oz. ; Hildcbrandt and Koch, New Chum, 44oz., Bonatti and Co, Now Chum, 91oz , Hobin Hood, 4ioz Tor week ending October 12 Morning I icjit lOoz , fcrcdencktlioGreat, Sebastian, 3f)07 , Garibaldi, 27oz , Lllcsmerc, Now Chum, 1220Z., llildebraudt and Kooli, New Chum, OOoz , "loungCbmn, JOoz , Comet, 40oz , Johnsons Reef, 76oz. , Denmark Company, 2ooz , Lclipsc Com pany, 140o? , Filiott and Company, 49oz. , Klom and Bonfield, 79oz., Hustlers Reef, 220oz. For week ending 10th October-Great Extended Hust- ler's, 5Soz , Comet, GOoz., Johnson, OOoz , Cathcrlno United (818 tons), 200oz., Alliance, 28oz , Nelson, Oloz , Alabama («Ivor), 73oz , Birds Reef, 2Soz., Ellesmere (lato Now Chum), OÜoz , B Lazarus (Now Chum), 130OZ , Garibaldi, 29oz , Lo« cr Huntly (allu vial), 73oz., Roy al Albert 52o/ .Colman and facet (Reef Company), 73oz Many of tho private claim holder are obtaining lara, o yields, «liich thoy stu- diously withhold from publication Hie following list of Ballarat and district yields for tlio mail mouth is collected from a local journal (omitting tho«o belo« twenty IIIo ounces) -Lalhrat and Buninyong -Albion, Sebastopol, 3 50ÜOZ. 12dvvt., Band of Ho) o, 4 820oz , Ballarat Freehold, 2,420oz , Blackhill, Jilo,! , Bonshaw (only three weeks' re ported), l,233oz , Buninyong, 4a0oz., Buninyong New, 27407 , Cricket Rescrv o, 12307 , Duke of Corn wall, about 18ooz , Durham, HOoz , I rln go Bragh, 07oz., Great Gulf, 4S3oz. , Great Northern Freehold, 597oz , Inkermann and Durham, l57oz , Koli i noor, 2,110oz , Llanberris, 310oz., National, 317oz , Newington, 2 J32oz , Now Ballarat Freehold (threo weeks), 3zGoz , Prince of VA ales, 3 292oz., Rod Jacl et, 5s , Roso hill about 200oz , Speculator, 305 oz , St Georfco United, 525oz Sir William Don, l,793oz , Scottish and Cornish, 0i2oz , Sons of Tree dom, L5ÖOZ. , Southern rrcoliolii, 712oz. , United Working Miners, 1.45Goz , Western Troehold, 1913oz Creswick and Clunes -Clunes Unitod, 141oz , Clune? Alluvial, tributers, 5Joz Hlt-or Miss, OOoz , Junction, 41oz , Now Nortli Clunes, ISOoz , Port Phillip, 2,0700/ , South Clunes, 229oz , Vie tona, 860oz , Ballarat and Clunes Alluvial, ¿55oz , Scarsdale, Springdallah, Linton, and Kokow ood - Atlas, 86Û0Z , Atlas and Linton park, 76oz , Avon- cliff 119oz , Breal o Day, 017oz , Bute, 371oz , Grand Junction andMugby, 2iloz , Golden Stream, 213o¿ , Golden Born, 404oz , Grand Trunk Load, 40Soz , North Grenville, 242oz , lry A^in, 802o , Waverley, OOoz , Wheal Kitty, 375oz Carngham.— Happy {,0 Lucky, 17oz , Magnum Bonum, llioz , Phoenix, 84oz , Princo of Wales, 85oz , Itefoim, lOOoz Steiglitz -Albion Quartz, SOloz. MELBOURNE MONTTILY AVnOLESALE PRICES CURRENT Tho Argus Office, Friday Evenintr In tho import markets during tho early part of tho month business was characterised bj inactivity and great want of animation Tho calls made upon tho resources of tho merchant for tho payment of duties had for a time a damaging effect, but n healthier tono prevailed ehortlj afterwards. Trade Hiw.çonaidorablj enlivened by the arrival of tho mail, and though iu" actual improvement was kept within a some«hat narrew compass, only a few staplo articles having been directly aficctcd by advices, yet in agroator or less degrco tho whole of tho markets partiel pated in tho improvement Bulk beers havo been moved off very slowly At the present time bottled ales and stout aro very sensitivo, and at once respond to any favourable chango in the -weather, which has, however, been too unsettled to admit of anj permanent improvement in tho market In badging, cornsaoks have ad\ anced Is Od per dozen Candles have fluctuated somewhat, and leav o off with prices at about last month s quotations Coffee has been very firm and steady Chemicals hav o been little noticed lu fish thoro is no chango to note In fruits, currants havo advanced, but raisins hav o declined A better business has been done in brcadstuffs, flour and w heat hal lug considerably risen in v tilue Oats and maize luv c also participated in this improv cuicnt Hops baie been largely dealt m, and malt has also commanded moro notice Metals havo been without any transactions wortli re fcrring to Hoop iron realises extremo figures Oils have not been much dealt in Rice has again been favourably influenced lu sugar, business has been below tho av enij,e Salt has been well sustained Teas hav o been operated in to a fair oxtcut, tho loll s mid Louise holm s cargoes hav o both been placed on the market with a satisfactory result llio tobacco mar 1 ot, contrary to anticipation, has been vv eil sup ported In bulk brandies a lar¡,o trado has been done Alo and Stout -In bulk ale, tho business of the month hav ing been confined to the supply ing mero trade requirements of a v crv ordinary nature, lias m comequenco been very circumscribed, and requires little special comment on tho present occasion Incesto appearance have been well sustained, but this Ins been moro owing to tho fact that holders could sec no chanco of increased trado by offering it at lower prices, rather than from any appeuranco of strength of stability in tho markot Sales of Bass s No 1 hav o beLii effected at £8 6s , thoro Is, how ever, not much demond, and a fair stock is hold Joule salo has been maintained at .tS 6s Mardan s has been disposed of at from £8 to £S 5s , tlio stock held of these two brands is s^id not to be larc,o Hie progress made in tlio disposal of tho Carlisle Company ¡> is not satisfactory , £8 is given as a no minal quotation, but £7 16s would not bo refuted Tho Tient Browerj Conipanj s is moved off Very blowly at £7 10i 1 or bulk stocks thoro is no inquiry experienced Whitbread s old seasons brew has of late been moro noticed, and sales havo been moro numerous at £4, though to a verj moderate extent For tho Lion Brewery s wo quote £0 5s IhoArtil lery Brew erj Company s is maintained at £0 10s to £0 16s Bottled beers, for tho greater part of the month, havo been neglected, in consequence of tbo bleak unsettled weather, duiin¿ tho last day or two inquine» havo somewhat revived Tennants bos been freely quitted at lus for quarts, and Oi 9d for pint« Fosters has mot with buyers at Os Od lor Bloods, 9s 3d has been quotod, and for Arrols 9s to Os ljd has been realised Jeffrey s has mot with a ready salo at Os, and in consoquenco of the veij bupcrior condition of one or two late shipments the bland has again (,ot into favour competition lia» been stirred to obtain possession of the tev end shipments as they caine for« ard, as much as Os to 9s 3d having been offcre 1, to arrive lor 1 homos John s « o quote 8s Od Bottled stouts havo met with fair notlep Burkes Guinness s has been quitted at 10s to 10s 3d Sales of I dinond s p\¿ bl ind havo been mado at 10s, at vv Inch figuro, also, Henry V\ hito and Co s lias been disposed of Mackie and Glad stones has been mole in request of late, holders lcfiiso to sell under Oa Od to Os Od Bloods is in demand at 9s 4Jd Machen s has found buy en at b« 3d in bond, and 9s 3d duty paid The Artillery Company s brand has been disposed of at 9s 3d Hinman Johns Imperial stout has boon sold at rather lowci rates, which fixes tho prico now at 8s Gd lîortbvviel s has been quitted at Ss Cd Sales oi Ilibbert s have been mndo at 8s 31 Byass s has been neglected , about two thousand coses wore, however, disposed of this week at 8s to 8s "d A Uno of Bai clay and Perkins s was placed at Ss 3d Truman Company s porter has realised 7a 9d Banging -In connacks vv o noto a v cry considerable inquiry, and though no speculative movemont bos boen noted, j ct the demand for trado purposes alono lins been the means of causing fully over -»00 bales to th-nge bando, and an advance of Is Od per dozen li is boen established in tho course of tho month, tbo prieo hav Ing rivoli from Ils 9d to 13s 3d V\ oolpac ts hav o been in slow salo, noi has any variation takon place on last month s quotations of Is Candles- llio market has fluctuated, though not widely Tarlj in tbo month speculative inquirios led to the salo of somo 0,000 bixcs of Brandons, De Roubaix, anti Gouela at prices rising froiu 10]d to lid , then holders adv meed their rates to lljd , but this putting a stop to all sales prices dropped nevill to lid, and lOJd , but the demand once ch"ckod coul 1 not bo so readilj revived, this wool, however, prices havo becomo somewhat Armor, vv lion about 2 00) boxes, chiefly damaged, wero quitted, wo quotofor best brands lid Iho Nova Company s pilco has boen maintained at 12d , few sales of this brand havo, how ever, been mado Cement -\ Irtunllj no alteration can bo reported In the market An inquiry from tho oth«r colonies car ried off about 200 barrels, and this, w 1th tho oxcoption of a fruitless nttempt to disposo of a shipment b\ auction of an outside brand, is about nil that has transpired Iho price of tbo host brand of Portland has been maintained at 18s Od to 19s A eonsldor able declino on Amoricau plas'or has taken placo, tho last arrival was offered by public salo, but, as tho bid ding did not L,O over 20s , tho pareolwas withdrawn but subsequently was disposed of privatoly at this figure Chemicals-An oxtromoly moderato inquiry only has existed In this market Soda crj stals hav o steadily declined, but no« stand at £10 to £10 6s C irbon ite of soda has p-oiicrally been quoted at 20s to 27s, but with little doing In caustic soda thoro was an attempt to collar tho market at tlio closo of lost month, by purchaa ng all the stock hold at £22, this however, did not succeed, andtho nrliclo has sinco been ,witbout animation, snail sales being effected at £21 to £'5 Dour of sulphui has gono into tho hands of tlio trado at 19s to JOi , sales hav o been limitée' Cream of tartar lias been steady at Is 2d , and tartarlc acid has ruled at from Is Od to Is lOd , and Is lid rho last mail has im parted rather a firmer tono to preserved opium, In which moro business lias sinco been doing at 24s Chicorj -Nothing worth special notice has boon mado public, and prices luvo stood throughout tho month nt 3d for best brands, in bond Coffeo-A Very quiet but steady trado has boon dono In tills staplo, but as stocks held aro mostly out of Importers hands, tho sales mado not bolnj in tho opon marl ot, do not materially como beforo us llio Gordon, chartered hero for a relui n cargo, wos lost on her vv ay up to Colombo, and as it has been surmised that this will provent tho cargo intended for lids v ossol from boing despatched hither, moro attention has been directed towards tho market by traders Interested in tho intended shipment, moro especially as it is known that tho cargo of tho Divid and Jcssio, which was to leave shortly after tho mall steamer, will bo retained by llio importers for tho moro iinmcdlato demands of tho trado, which lias led to tho disposal of sovoral parcels rising from ten to twenty tons in a lino, and prices closo very firm at lOd to lOJd for host plintation Java realises ne cording to sample, 8Jd to Od , but th iro is nono really good offering 1 or natlv o Coy Ion w o quoto 8Jd Confectioner) -A fair inquiry has from timo to tiino been reported Friccs of almost all boris show little or no chango on lost mouth's quotations Keillor's assorted confections havo been quitted at tri m 10Jd to lOJd , and for particular descriptions as much as Is Id has been obtained, for V\ otherspoon s assorted wo quote lOd Jujubes, which bavobocomo scarco and wanted have been readily salcablo at Is 2Jd Sales of candlod peel aro mentioned at lOd to lOAd for orango and lemon, «hilo quotations of citron peel have ruled at 12Jd Cordago-Great complaints of dulnoss havo boon prev aient amongst the local manufactures, vvhllo the adv ance of the raw material in tlio foreign market will, it is feared, compel thom to ask highorlrates for cordage No actual chango in prico is yet reported, tlio existing demand being met by sales of half inch size, ut 7jd por lb , three quarter inch size nt 7d , w hilo for assortments ranging from ono Inch and up wards £68 to £00 is required On one quotation for bolt rope, J urope mode, a declino of £5 per ton has been submitted to, a shipment having been quitted this week at £50 Europe tarred rope is quito lieg leeted, even at £34 to £30 tho utmost to which our quotations extend Bengal lines aro dull and heavy at £32. Seaming twines, according to i make and qualities, continuo to realise 12d to 12yd and up to IJJd risb -Tlio market is v ery dull Ling (old) in sound condition is quoted at 4d Supplies of now bavo this week como to hand, and "been sold nt 4}d White herrings havo been little cared for , prices havo boon rather irregular, by auction,faulty lots havo been sold in half barrels at 17s Od to 18s , privately, holders ask for trado parcels in sound condition, 21s to2os, Arkins aro,quoted8s Rod herrings in tins, which have been Bold as low as 24s , realised this week 24s 9d at auction lib fresh birringa are quoted 8s Sardines havo been advanced to 8s Gd. for halves, and 5s 3d for quarters, but smco this riso few sales have been mado public lib salmon is firm, and meets with a fair salo at 15s to 11s Cd lib lobsters aro being disposed of at Cs Gd , and lib oysters aro nominal at 7s bd Fruits havo not boen characterised by much ae tivity A good deal moro animation has howotor, been imparted to currants since tho mail s arrival, previous to which tho market ruled heavy at 3Jd , but since, a largo business has been done, at prices rising to 4d , to <\ hich thoj stc-ulily rose On the 3rd of tho present month somo 2,000 bo\e3 Muscatel raisins wero offered by auction, but the parcel was withdrawn, owing to condition Subsequently, how over, the ontiro lot was sold private!}, on terms with held Tor sound cood fruit wo quote 9d Sultana raisins in sound condition aro saleablo at 7d to 7}d , for a shipment of 600 drums, sold as per samplo, 6Jd. was accepted Elomes aro firm at Od Stocks of Copes havo been pretty well cleared off, and holders now ask Cid Fits hav e boen sold as low as (JU1 to 7d,hutwo undcrstund that much higher pneosaro asked now by tho holders of tho small stocks offering 1 lour and Grain -We noto a decided improvement in bieodstuffs, which, conimcnclnc, at tho close of last month, has cone steadily on progressing to tho prenant time A riso in valuo to tho extent of 30s has been established on V ictorian flour, on Adelaide, however, no alteration lias taken place further than quotations becoming a rcalitj rather than merely nominal, as formerly Wheat, in like mnnnor, has risen in lineo from Od to Is per bushel, the tcaiclty of available shipping, as last month, has been a treat diawback to business, as thero is no doubt that, with reasonable freight, a much larger quantity would have gone for ward to England than his been sent Tlio heavy floods m the interior, and the difficulty of bringing either w heit or flour to tow n, has turned the attention of Melbourne bujers towards the Tasmanian markets, and, in consequence, the chief purchases mado for the English market during last w eck havo been of this description, of which somo 400 tons wero taken up at clO lbs , ii bond In thosccond week of tho month, about a thousand tons of Victorian flour wore disposed of, in parcels of ono to 200 tons in a lino, at up to £12 10s , and tho prlco for bakers' parcels w as at «amo timo raised to £13 During tho same w cek wheat was stimulated to greater activity, about 20,000 bushels being quitted nt 6s 3d to 5s Od Sluco then, however, flour has been dull of salo, and it is only with treat difficulty prices havo boen malu taincd , while on tho contrary, wheat, which has been in vcrj short supply, and much wanted by tho local millers, has been eatcrlj purchased at prices ranging from 5s Od not to 5s 9d, tcr> (ij>(i during tlio ia»* ton dais close va nfZ.' bushels havo bcui ¡id, »1 _v erj unseasonable vv eather provai mg nos uíso beorc tho means of directing tho attention of dealers to vv ards feeding grains, and oats hav o in conse-^uciico found buvers in large quantities at very much im proved prices About 30,000 bushels c¿ Californian have boen disposed of at prices risir,^ ^ 2s "¡ii , the lowest point reached havine, b^,, oä wu,i" ft0out 20,000 bushels lasruanian ,roro ,,uitted at prices ranging fiom 2s 3d for 'jnok mts to 2s 8d for fair samples Quotations. for Californian nro firm at 2s Ud to 2s 8(li j of Victorian, at 2s 8d to 2s lOd , and of, Tobmahian at 2s Od to 3s Vic torum tiowh Cape barley rules at 2s 9d to 3s , but thero is little offorint Maizo has beon steadil} maintained at 3s for Clarence River to 3s Id to 3s 3d for bound Sydnoy c,rcm» Bran has ad vaueed to 114(1 to Is Colonial oatmeal meets with a fan trade inquiry at £18 to £20 Pearl barley, colonial, obtains notice at£20, while Scotch is saleable at £24 Turniture -The follow ing prices w ero realised bj public salo for an lnv oiec of d47 cases American chairs, tile greater part of which tho auctioneers succeeded in selling -Douglas Grecian, I It, brought 4M , do, told strq o, 48s , com Grecian, I It, 39s , do do , told stripe, 49s , serpent, astor, I It, los , do do , told stripe, fOs , spindle Grecian, vam , 03s to Cos , do do, told stripe, 64s , Parker dining I It», 87s , do do, oak, 03s , crown top oak dining, 93s to 90s , Doutlos ann, cano seat, oak, 90s , Quincey wood scat ornamental, 33s , bent rim wood scat office, dark, OGs , do do, drab, 00s , Douglas ann, wood seat oak 82s , childs cane back, continental oak, Ills , ov ii cane stools, med , 3Ss , do do, high, 78s , child s cane scat ora rockers, COs per dozen, cane back rockers, vam , 19s , do do , toldstnpo, 10s , wood so-jt lookers, 11s , spindle back nurse, 12s Cd , Vienna nurso, oak, 14s 9d, do do, I R , 14s , do do ann, oak, 20s , do do arm, I It, Ms Od , medallion rocking, oak, 20s , do rosouood, 19s , spindle back libral.) arm, 15s each Gunpowder-An exceedingly inanimate and un satisfactory month lias been passed in this market, business liavinghccn quite at a standstill, no sales even of the most trilling description having como under oui notice Our quotations show no alteration, thoj aro, however, quilo nominal, as to effect sales, at least ol the commoner brands, loner rates would havo to be taken Mc quote for Halls, 5]d , for hamos 6d is vv anted, and for outside brands, 4d to 4M is asked , Hops -Notwithstanding that the tenor of tho July mails advices from England regarding tho crop was unfavourable it was not till tho actual arrival of the August mails that any impression was made in the market previous to this prices mied at 2s 8d for Tasmanian 2s 4d to 2s Od for Kent 08 s, and 2s lOd to 2s for Kent Oos, few transactions Viere effected, but tlio tone of tlio market was firm, vv ith an upward tendency Immediately afterwards, how over, viz, on tho 10th, a vcrj heavy demand, for trado purposes as vv eil as for speculation, sot in, and the bulk of the business done, moreov er, vv as confined to the sales oi one day Up to 200 pockets 00 s changed hands, in parcels, at prices rising from 2s 8d to 2s feomc 300 pockets C5 s w oro placed at about 2s, and smaller lots al up to 2s 3d , 01s havo been quitted ut Is Od to 2B , and lasmanlau hav o found buyers at 3-î Since then, bales to the extent of about 12C pockets CS s, and 50 pockets CO s hav o been reported, at prices fully sustaining thoso quotations Halt has commanded moro notice Tho month < sales agtretatc 20 000 bushels, and prices havo riso: from ts Od , at which sales opcnceUn tho commence mont of tho month, to 0s 3i) and Os Gd at which thoj now stand fhoio is still a verj largo stock held, winch cost laid down 10s Od and over but tin market has been treatly cleared of all outside parcel1 vv Inch could bo obtained at anj thing lil o rcasonabh and market rates, and at which buyers aro still to b< met with, but business is restricted in tho absonco o: any such parcels offeung Metals -A considerable amount of depression ha¡ prevailed in the market throughout tho month b iles gonciallj have been of limited oxtont, and thon has been no lifo or elasticity perceptiblo Pig Iroi: has fallen to £4 10s, without leading to in creased sales Thero is little or nothing doini in talvanised ii on, and shipments as thoj como for ward uro, for want of bujers, compelled to bo stored Scotch, twenty four guato, Is hold for £24, foi twenty six tu">to vvo quote £20 and foi tweutv eight gauge, £23 and £20 Is required In I ngl si brands no business has transpired of lato Ordlnarj brands, tVventj six gauge, would bo quitted at £21 to £2J Best brands command a little notice holders ask (.30 to £32 for twenty six gau0° I"1 bars und rod vvo note u fair trade inquiry? « C9 to £10 10s Sheet iron is dull of salo n £11 to £12 for Nos 8 and l8 >\ hilo Nos 20 and J( arc quoted £18 to £22 Plato iron is dull o salo at from £11 to £12 10s Hoop is scaiec, am wanted at von oxtrenio figures, sales having beet made at as hit li n» US 1 or rolled fencing w iro thor is no demand whatever, quotations of Nos 4, 5, am 0 aro, therefore entirelj nominal at £1112s to CU> on tho othoi hand, drawn v ire moots with a fro inquiry, at £10 17s to £18 foi Nos 0, 7, and 8 , fo a parcel of No 8 niano, Iljlnnds brand, £10 wa realised Leads are dull and unnoticed , for sheet w < quote £2010s to £27 Shot is iteadj at £20 Munt metal is quoted at Oki , but wo linar of no sales Til plates meetwith a ready silo at twenty flvo pel conl advanco on invoice Lwbanks nails havo been In fal request, sales having boon readlh effected at soven an a half per cent to ten per cent off lists American nail bnng20s to2Ss alinoof850kogswasplaccdat20a 31 American hardware having been in scanty supply, 1m mut with considerable fivour Collin s and Sharpe heavj axes havciecontlj Ulled at 80s , Collins hcav picks hav o beon dull of salo ut 4Ss to 50s Ames shovels have been saleablo at 00s to 03s Day a D 1 shovels, 34in to 30in , havo boon wanted at ISs t fOs , and otl cr makers, same '.»yo, havo been cquall saleablo at 40s to 48s Hollow aro is asked for at 2 to 25 per cent off list Oils havo not been activo korosono more espociall has been neglected lho Portland in the bctinnln of tho month, arrjvod with 14 400 casos On thoa! rival of tho Panama mail, inquiries were stimulate leading to tho disposal of 0 000 cases, chief! uf Dev oes brilliant, at Is lOJd to Is Hi Comet and Cozzcnss wero quitted at Is lid and Dow tier's at 2s , but since then about a thoi sand eases of Dow nor s, sold at 2s , w ¡11 ahou cov cr the quantity disposed of Adv lees from AUK rica rcacli to 10th August and report tlio departur on Julj 17 of tho Atra with 13 000 cases , and on th 4th August of the R Bustced, from Boston, with 1,10 cases rho Jenny Bortcaux, with 10,400 coses an the 1 nullo, with 3 700 cases wore loading at NowYori for Melbourno, and tho \ulla, for Sj dney load ng a tho samo pert liad 2,100 casos Linseed oil Is woakoi Sales of raw, In drums, hav o boon mado at Is 7d , an for half and half wequoto Is 8d , bulk is valued n Is 3d ColT Is moving off at 6s Id for drums, au 4s Gd to 4s 8d in vv ood Tor olivo Os öd i» quote for diums,and0s for cask Polar oil is worth £1 to £50 Cliincso was selling previous to tho mail arriv al at 5s , but subsequently it advanced to 6s C ' A shipment of castoi has been sold to arrlvo on pr vate tenus Oilmen s Stores -There has beon loss doing throng tho auction mart in theso toods, an lucre isln demand, however, has beon experienced private! and sovcral larto invoices, consUting chiofly of sala oils nnd*v Incgiir hav o changed hands at satisfactorii iniproving prices lho following quotations ombrac the moro recent sales Pickles meet vv ith buj ora . Gs to 7s for common, 8s to 8s 3d for medium, an 0s Od for best brands Jams, lib tins, according t brand, rcaliso 8s to Os Bottled fruits, assorted, brln «s Gd to 0s , black currants bring 10s Od to 10 Od Salad oils, quarts, aro wanted and aro quoted i 22s rd to 21s , pints aro disposed of at 10s 0d t 11s. Cd , half pints command Cs 3d to 7s I'll castor brings 8s 4>d to 8s Od , and halt pints fin buyers at 6s Od Sauces aro quitted at 5s t 8s Ground ginger lias boen sold at 8'd, an Jamaica ginger at lljd Half pint capers hav brought 7s to 7s Cd Sales of Colman s mu tard, in 71b tins, hav o been mado at 8 Jd , lib tit are purchased at 11s , and Jib at 7s ' to 7s di Sales of «hito starch aro effected at rd Bit: starcli is moved off slowly at 4jd Thuuib bluo quoted OJd to lOd Sago is firm al 3d Macaroi and vonnlcclll aro quoted 8d White pepper li: been sold at Old to 9Jd , black pepper brings 4i lo4}d Provisions- Tho condition of this markot ca barely bo described Tho most extremo dulncss pr v ails, and no Miles of any description of hams ar bacon can 1 o effected for local trado purposes To ti demand for New Zealand- trifling though It bo-v arc indebted for any business doing Quotations best blands rule at 13Jd to 14]d for hams, and 13 to 13'd for bacon, duty paid Chcoso is vory flrr and numerous sales, ex recent arrivals, have bec effected at Is 8d Quicksilver-Thero has been no business doll vv ortli referring to, and quotations hav o boen mai: tallied at tho nominal rato of 2s Id Rice -In tho commencement of the month a suddi I and rather heavy demand for Patna, for trado pu poses, sprang up at the rate then ruling, £27 , and holders, in consequenco, were afterwards induced to raise the prico to £28, at which a good business was also dono, nearly a hundred tons having been emitted at up to our quotation, butllttloafterwords transpired until tho arrival of tho mail steamer Advices from Calcutta then to hand reported tho departure on 18th August of the St Bernard, tho only vessel loading wai the Santon, which had engaged 300 tons Tho very favourable tenor of these advices again directed attention to this market, which led to tho disposal, to arrive, of tho entiro cargo per St Bernard, comprising 230 tons, at a very oxtremo figure, and as the Santon is not expected to arrive here beforo the middlo of December, holders of rice on tho spot-whose stock had becomo very much reduced bv actual consumption-raised their selling rates to ¿30 to £32, according to quantity and quality, and at both of these figures sales hal o binee been effected Salt-In tho beginning of tho month attention was once moro directed to this product-speculators, after dealing awnyall offering on tho spot, hav lag again entered the market, and purchased to arrivo the wholo of tho shipments known to bo on the way, to the ox tent of 600 tons, ex Champion of tho Seas, Red Jacl ot mid other vessels, at up to £410s for eoaraoand £5 for fino , and, towards the close of tho samo week, £5 was required for coarse and £510s for fine, at which eales were effected The market during tho folio«'ng week, ending 14th inst, contlnuod very buoyant, stocks in tho sellers' hands having boon vory much reduced, a ready responso was mode to tho call foi higher rateB, and about 100 tons of fine wero qulttod under the hammer at £5 6s , and ninety tons, for ex- port, w ero placed ut equal to £510a Mail advices confirmed tlilb improvement, and the market lias since been vory steady, with prices at £510a to £0for fine and £5 6s to £5 10s for coarso Soft Goods -Business has bcon much less active this month than usual at this season Buy ora have abstained from making puicbascs m excess of their immediate requirements, partly owing to tho declining state of tho cotton market at home, each mail for some time post hav ing brought adv ¡ces of a slight fall in prices, tho diminished shipments have, howovor, had a beneficial effect in proveutmg the serious losses which would other« ¡so hav o been made by importors who held gooas bought «ben prices ruled high at home Tho restriction placed on tho intercolonial trado by tho operation of tho tariff has also operated injuriouslv to this branch, and tends to cur- tail tho amount of business doing Shipments of new goods in prints, grey domestics, flannols, and fancy dress materials hav o gonerally boon disposed of at fair prices Read) made clothing has, in several cases, been sold at Lnghsh cost, tho quantity made up horo being so large'/ and generally pieforred Tho salo for light fancy goo Is, suitablo for tho warm woatbor, bos been cheeked irt consequence of the stonily and cold weather which has prevailed, causing tho retail trado to bo very dull throughout tho colony The following salo of 145 packages piece goods was effr-ptad on Thursday Tho prices realised rrrvfi vorvssilB'actorj iweeds realized 2s Gd 3d to Is 5d , printed lawns, land, 7d to 8d , brown do , 8d Mu^AwïoI.wmbncs, 7<1 _to8d ,, leamiotto, W VÁRI aiurtlpj, Is 3d to Is 5d , printed lawn MTÍDIIH ÍW* Rolland, 7d to Sd , brown do , 8.1 00 U> IW lYifrrimhL' -,, f"o,, r,< IO - to 7d , coatings, ds to 0s , man*,«, unen, es io xa i 3d , diaper, lid tels Od .table covers, 0s to 13s each, Chincso sill., 84s to 37s per picco, pou0TO handkorchlcfs 5s 3d toGs 3d per dozen Sugar-The demand for thisstaplo bos not been equal to the average, prices, however, havo boen very well maintained throughout the month On the 30th ult the entiro cargo of tho I ranees Milly, from Mau ritnis, consist ng of 5 622 bags sugar, was offered under tho hammer, and 2,210 bags vv oro disposed of at 20s Od for rations, 28s Od to 29s for browns, 32s to 33s for yellows, and 33s to 37s , for low to .rood white These prices fully sustain previous values Importers w ero v ery firm, and would not necopt lo« cr rates, lato advices from Mauritius reporting very moderato shipments to this market During the week ending 14th inst a fair inquiry existed, though, in consequence of the advanced rates required by holders, tho quantity disposed of was comparalivoly trilling Tho arrivals during that w eek w ero rather eon sidcrablo, and comprised tho Star of Gwent, from Mau- ritius, w Ith 7,800 bags, tho Ltlcnnc ct Laurence, from Bourbon, willi 12,000 bags, and the Wolverene, from Jav a, for tho Siifcnr Company, w 1th 847 bogs and 1,037 baskets Nevertheless, in consequenco of tho nows from Mauritius being favourable, ono vessel for Dunedin and one for Sjdnoy-an unasually small number nt tills period of tho vear-onlj being ro parted as loadmir for tho colonies, importers woro enabled to establish higher rates On Monday, the 7th mst, the cargo of the King of Trump-, (7,000 bags) was offered by public sale, but tho entire cargo was passed in for higher figures than the trade showed any disposition to give On Wednesday foi lowing, tho damaged portions of tho Sta's and 1 ranees Milly s cargoes (1,100 bags) w ero quitted, at v ery satisfactory i ates On Thursday, some 1 500 ba^s, a portion of the Vj f VricnUcn s Jav a sugars, vvero disposed of Pnv atoly, about 2,000 bags w ere dis posed of, nt 27s to 28s for browns, 32s to 31s for yellow brewing crystals, and up to 37s for white cry stals On the 14th, somo 2,300 bags, a portion of the Hippocampe s care, o of Mauritius, vveio sold at Geelong Brow ns realised 23s to 30s, counters 33s to 33s Cd , yellow crystals 31s Cd to 31s 3d , and «hilo crystals 37s Od to 3Ss 3d , Java grey crystals wero quitted hero at 33s Tho hing of 1 rumps damaged portion was offered for sale on the loth, and the entiro quantity, 2,090 ba¿s, was disposed of nt satisfactory puces Privately, brewers' crystals wcro quitted at £32 to £33, and groy crystals at £ 1510s On the 22nd, tho Star of Gwent s carh'0 of Mauritius sugars, comprising4,300 ba^rs, was offered for public sale It was not, however, without ox per'enclng a considerable amount of difficulty that the auctioneer succeeded in making an impression on tho buvers liiere was very little disposed of in the box, but subsequently, in the room, some 5,200 bags were placed, at 30s for medium counters, Us for fine brown grainy sorts, 82s to 32s Od for good to fine do , mid 36s 3d for middling w hito crystals On Hie L.inl, somo 2,000 bags, tho balance of tile Trances Willys coi go, vvero placed pnv atoly, at pneos fully supporting tho public sales rates 'lea.-Messrs J Curie Robertson and Co , in tholr usual monthly circular, report us follows -" Since ours of tho 27th September, a v ery largo aud healthy trade has been oxpeiienccd in all descriptions of con gous, and our present quotations havo beim «oil maintained by importers This is, no doubt, in a great measure attributable to tho non arriv al of v essols long past duo, allowing tho market to bo fed without any excess ¿he trado aro looking forward to tho arrival of the Matador, which sailed amongst tho first, and is now 111 days on the water This vessel has on board tho finest cargo, as a whole, whioh wo «ill re colv o this season, almost cntlroly consisting of first class kalsows, and it will bo a great loss to the colony if she docs not mako an appoaranco Tho Albert Victor, however, which sailed on tho 13th Ausrast, now past duo, has somo very choleo toas on board, which may, to a certain extent, fill up tho gap Tlio Louise Kohn, which arrived hero on the 21st October, left nineteen days later than tho Mata- dor, comprises in hor cargo a few chops of tho finest kaisovvs, the |,rcat bulk of her cargo, ho« over, being fine to finest medium, and down tiaougb the different grades to us low as ordinary congou 1 ho cargo of the Tell, one v cry well selected, his turned out in gi cater part damaged, but notw lthstanding, vory good prices « ei o obtained Foo chow dust and sitt- ings of tho now crop hav o gone off very w eli, and lid has been obtained, but for leafy kinds a greater demand exists, and lljd to Is lias been reaUllj given Mixed leaf kinds havo been sold at Is 2d to Is 2ld , and mixed leaf kinds with littlo flavour at Is IJd to Is 7d , blackish and brownish leaf, at Is OJd to Is 7d , and blackish and bro« nish leaf with flavour, Is 8Jd to Is UJd Kalsows, second to first class, are much wanted, and rango from Is lOd to 2s 3d , and fino rich pekoo to pekoo souchong flavour is worth, inchests, 2s lOd to 2s lid , half chests, 3s to 3s Id , and boxe3, 3s 3d pel lb, in bond Souchonir-wo have none in stock worth îofonlii,'to Orango pekoo has not altered, not« lthstanding recent m rivals Caper has fetched over our quot itlons, on account of Hie trifling arrivals Green teas aro much as lobtreportcd Ujsonskin, bison, and jouii,: hyson aieahnobt out of the marl ct Gunpowder and im ponai aro still used, but aro in veiy small rcquost Auction Sales, October 11 -Ino entilo caigo of tho loll was offered, consisting of 1.S10 chests, " 162 half cbests and 1,000 boxes congou, and 200 boxes scented orange pekoo, and huccccdcd ¡n selling, by tender, 3,750 packages, on the average sustaining quotations, but ntverj uneven prices On October -1, the damaged portion of the cargo was offered, consisting of 533 chests, 747 half chests, and 400 boxos congou, and G5 boxes scented orango pekoo, and, upon tho whole (damage considered), vory good pnces wcro realised On October-5 tho entire cargo of the Loulso holm, consisting of 11,457 pacl ages, was offered, mid about 7,000 pacl ages sold Tho importors met tho trado most liberally, especially in tho line descrlptlqns. and succeeded In obtaining as high as 3s 3d per lb , in bond, for tho finest number llio arrivals from Too chow foo havo been -On tho 9th Inst, loll, with 315,3001b tea, passage 103 days, on tho 22nd, Louiso höhn, wltli452 8001b ,passago92 days AtSjdnoy - On the 80th Septomber, Helen, witli 418,2001b , passago, 07 dajs, on the 23rd, Mslon, with ¿03,1001b , passage 01 days At Adelaide -On the 12th inst, 1 riedo, with 102,2001b, passago 09 day s 1 lie deliv erics for the post month hav o boon 543,4951b against 622 9191b at samo timo last year llio stock in bond m Holborn no is 2,401,0001b against 2 805,299 lb samo timo last y ear Our quotations aro -Congou, broken Too chow, lid to lljd , ordinary to good ordinary, Is to Is IJd , mixed leaf kinds, Is 2d to lb 4d , mixed leaf with little flavour, Is IJd to Is 7d , blackish leaf 1 mils, Is 0¿d to Is 7d , do, strong, Is 7Jd to Is 8d , do, strong, with flavour, Is 8Jd to Is OJd , do , Kaisow kinds, rather strong, Is lOd to 2s , do .pokoe boucbong and pekoo flav our, 2s Id to 2s 3d do , lino nell pel oe souchong flavour, 2s 4i to ¿3 9d , do , very fino do, 2s lOd to 3s , low lay shan, 4Jd to 6d , souchong, common, none, middling to fine, none, extra fino, nono, orango pekoo, scouted or- dinary mid broken, Is 4d , do , good to lino, Is 5d to Is 7d , do , finest Is lid to 2s Id , caper, scented common to middling, nono, do , middini to fine, Is lid to2s 2d , do , finest, nono, Íiv60nskin, Canton, nominal, 5d to Od , true common to Uno, 7Jd to lOd , hyson, common, Od to Is , good to fine, Is 3d to Is Gd , finest, Is öd to 2s , youn¿ bj son, Canton and Iwankay kinds, 8d to Is Id , good yellowish leaf to fino by son flavour, Is 8d to 2s 0d , gunpowder, Canton, good to fine, Is 8d to 2s , country 1 bids, 2s Cd to 3s , imperial Canton, good to fino, Is Cd to Is lOd , country kinds, none Above quotations aro at per lb in bond for c1 ests (boxes bein,? worth 2Jd to 3d por lb moro) Dutv on tea in Victoria, 8d per lb " Slates -About 40,000 slates, ox Swiftsuro, woro dis- posed of bj auction at £12 15s for 20x10, £915s lor l8 x 10, and £7 17s Od for 10 x 10 Stationer} -A shipment of paper, ex Caledonia, was disposed of as follows -Blue laid foolscap, 121b to 111b , brought Od lo 7d , bluo wove post, 151b ta 191b , fiat and folded, realised OJd , bluo w ov o doublo foolscap, 241b to 281b , Noa 1,2, and 3 shades, w as quitted at Gd to Cid limber-llio markot Is depressed, mid rather a dull month has been passed in consequenco On the 1st lust tho flooring ox Proteus and Light- ning, doors ex Julia Ann, and cedar ox School- boy, vvero disposed of 559,900ft red and whito flooring realised, for 0 x 1J, 12s 3d. to 12s Ud , 0 x i brought 11s 3d to 12a , 0 x J, 0s Od to 9s Od , Ox Ï, 7s 3d , weatherboards, four out, sold at 7s 3d , six out, at 5s Od IX Julia Ann, 507 doors, 9s 9d to 10s , 110 pieces 11 x 3 and 9x3 spruce deals brought 4 5 lGd , ijft laths, 82s 3d , 147 cedar logs, ox Schoolboy, realised 13s Cd to 23s 9d On Friday, 802 spruco and pine deals.'exStar, vvero placed at 3 5 lad to JlllOd per foot ,9x3 and 0x1 tongucd and grooved kauri ¡line flooring realised, for sound 8s por 100ft lineal, and 7s 3d for damaged Tho sales effected during the week ending 14th inst comprised tho lumber ox Fortland and Sarah, and tho flooring and weather- boards ox Winifred 42,902ft. white pino shelving sold, all faults, realised £10 to £10 7s. Od. ; 21,011ft, do. do., T. and G., wero placed- at £9 12s. Od. - 27,054ft. lin. to 4in. clear pino, at £15 7s. Od. to £15 16s. ; 08 pieces 11 x 3 spruce deals, at 4d. 6-10ths - 90.000 45ft. laths, at 34s. Od. to 35s. Ex Winifred' 139,000ft. white flooring-0 x J brought 11s. Cd. to 11s. 9d.-; 0 x J-, 7s. te 7s. 3d.; andvveatlieiboards, four out, were quitted at 7s. 3d. to 7s. Od. On tho 21st, Hie balance of cargo of red Baltic deals ox Shakspcaro, comprising 10,130 pieces, vva3 disposed of at for 9 x 3,4id. to 4¡kl. per foot ; 0 x .4, brought 4d S-10ths te 4gd. per foot do. ; 0 x 8 and 8 x 3,4d. 5-lCths per foot, do. ; tho flooring and vvoatborboards, ex Pride of tho Ocean, 228,280ft., offered on samo day realised, for 0x 1J, 12s.3d. to 12s. Od.; Oxi, 11s. Gd! to 11s. Od.;Ox} 0s. 9d. ; Ox g, 5s. Od. ; 4-out, 7s. Gd. Tobacco.-The early part of tho month was noted for want of activity. On tho 2nd inst., tho Portland, from New York, arrived, This vessol brought up- wards of 2,000 packages ; but as almost tho ontiro quantity came to thrco firms, moro than one-half coming to one consignee, pricos wore not un- favourably influenced by tills largo quantity coming to hand; on tho contrary, sinco this arrival moro spirit was infutcd into tho market, whick led to largo sales of shipments previously held. A lino of Qucon of tlio South twist was quitted at 14Jd. ; Peach and Honey, half-pounds, wero dis posed of at lOd. On tho 2nd instant, twenty three half-tierces twist, in fau'ty condition, wore quitted at Is. Id. to Is. 5d., net. During tho following week a very good feeling was perceptible, but as tho greater portion of the shipments then landing ox Port, land, were not ready for Inspection, a large business which otherwise might have been dono was somewhat restricted. Whatever portion of Uno tens and half pounds came to hand wero speedily taken up at vory full prices, and amongst other sales wo noto 100 boxes Buchanan s, likewise 100 boxes Venus, which realised 15d. ; and a shipment of Peach and Honoy half-pounds which brought close on lOd. Tho bataneo on hand ot Sun twist, old leaf, was cleared off at lOd. Tho prico asked for now leaf was stated to bo 18d., a shipment of which, and ono of Raven, bptli of superior quality, wero then landing. Fifty cases aromatic wore disposed of on private terms. By auction, on the 8th instant, forty-six half-tierces Shellard's twist wero quitted at from 5d. to Sid. per lb. On the nth, at a sale of damaged tobacco, tens realised 7Jd to Is. Id., half-pounds Is. Id., and twist 3id. per lb. not. Thero was moro business doing last week. Various parcels, to a considerable extent of pounds, half pounds, and fancy aromática, besides twists and dark tens, changed hands ; notwithstanding this, tho trade demand boro a most unsatisfactory aspect. About 200 cases aromalics wero disposed of privately at from Is. Od. to 2s. Soventy half-tierces twists, Queen of tlio South, mid other brands, wore quitted at prices rising to Is. 4d. Tens realised lb. Id., and dark half-pounds brought up to Is. 2d. On tho 14th, at auction, aro- matic pounds found buyers at Is. öd. te Is. 7jd., half pounds at Is. 8d., and gold-bars at 2s. 51d. On tho 18th, twist tobaccocs wero quitted at Is. 2d., and aro- matic pounds at Is. 3Jd. This week little business has been done. Wines and Spirits.-Tho market for wines has been Sí^?F5ÍF.Íllí^»....1lM'.8»ty wiiyt iftrw*, VAC,'-««ai íorceu un uv auuuon tías any progrès "_.^ sales. On the 11th, a largo quantity was offered by public sale, when tho auctioneer succeeded in dis- posing of 305 packages of port and sherry, in balts, linds., and quarters ; low to ordinary qualities reel ¡sect £1S to £27, and medium qualities brought from £44 to £55, in bond. Common red wines havo been sold at from £14 to £13, and for good wo quote £20 to £22. Port, medium qualities, realised £40 to £50. Common to fair .sherries aro quoted £20 to £30. Con- siderable quantities of Fallen's colonial wines have been quitted at 25s. per case, and a bhlpmcnt of forty hhds. is now being mado for tho Indian markets. Thero has been a strong feeling growing np in favour of bulk brandies. In tho week ending 14th inst., a shipment of 60 quarters and 25 hhds. llcuncssy's palo brandy was quitted at Cs. 3d. An invoice of Clozeau's brandy, palo and dark, and a Uno of Pinet's Castillon brandy, 45 hhds., found buyers at prices ranging from 4s. 9d. for tho former to 5*. 3d. for tho latter. Towards the closo of the week prices somewhat hardened, 0s. 3d. having boon offered and refused for a parcel of MartcU's pale brandy, and tills at length culminated, on receipt of advices from England, by business opening out at an advance of, 3d. per gallon, when equal to 5G hhds. of MartcU's dark changed bands at 5s. Hu., and sales of llenncssy's palo wero mode at C3. -IJd. to Cs. Od. On the 10th,'50 hhds. MartcU's palo '05 wero placed at Cs. Cd. ; a parcel of llenncssy's pale and Slartell's dark wies quitted at Cs. 7Jd. ; while some 320 quarters of Hcnncssy's pale were'disposed of at 0s. Gd. to Cs. 9d. ; 50 quai tors O tard's pale wero sold at Cs. lid. ; and about 50 quarters Associated Vineyards' realised 5s. Od. Os. Od. was re f ubed for MartcU's dark brandy. 0s. offered for largo parcels of C.V.P. was also turnod away. A bhlpmcnt of Marett's pale brandy was placed at 5s. Cd. Thero is Httlo doing in case brandies; about 800 casc3 llenncssy's were, howover, quitted this week at 4ÜB., duty paid. Hcnncssy's, in bond, is quoted 27s. ; Martell's, 23s. ; Otard's, 24s. ; and C.V.P. and Vinegrovvers', 18s. to 20s. Duty-paid* llen- ncssy's-is 40s.; Martoil's 40s. to 42s.; U.V.P.,. 3t's. to 40s. ; C.V.P. and Vinegrovvers', 35s. to 27s.. There has been nothing doing in geneva sinco the duty was paid, £177,000 was realised by tho Govern- ment by this movement. The Jan van Schaffelaar, which airived on the 0th inst., from Rotterdam, has. brought about 10,000 cases, being the first shipment so far In accordance with the new duties, but having been prepared when the alteration was first contem ? dated, and when tho contents were not intended to bo ntcrfered with, tho strength only is up to tlio required standard, viz., proof, the contents being 2 28.32. A portion of this consignment, 2,0u0 cases, was offered for sale on the 21th, bat tho buyers proving intract ablo, and the parcel turning out faulty, only 6s. öd. to 6s. Od. could bo realised. Holdere of duty-paid stock aro now beginning to show symptoms of uneasiness, and a desire to quit is ovinced, but the trado being amply biipplicd, no sales aro effected. Quotations of JDKZ rule at 80s. te 40s., and of V. II. and Co. at 32s. to30s. Ruin is neglected ; vvo quote 3s. to 3s. 8d. for ten per cent, over-proof. Whiskey in bulk brings 4s. Od. to 5s. S J. ; caso is quoted 24s. to 28s. Old tom Is valued at 14s., in bond. SHIPPING OF TUB MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. AamvALs AND CLEAIIANCES SIXCK OUR LAST SUMVTARV. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da.,. Danish ; D., Dutch ; P., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; II., Hamburg ; Hn., Hanoverian ; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian; Belg., Belgian; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian; R., Russian ; s., ship ; b., barque ; br., brig; ¿c, schooner ; s.S., steamer.] Oct. AIIUIVI;I>. 1\. King of Trumps, B. s., 000, N. Murray, Mauritius. -Joshua Brothers. 2\. Portland, B. s., 872, J. Peters, New York.-R. Towns and Co. 7\. Sarah, A. b., 001, J. B. Atkins, Boston.-Novvell and Co. 7\. Rachel, B. b., 282, Robt. Firth, Glasgow.-Alex. Macfarlan and Co. 7\. Svviftsure, B. s., 1,320, M. B. Moyho«-, London via tlio Lizard,-W. P. White and Co. S. Prido of the Ocean, B. s., 1,100, O. Duke, Gravesend.-Dickson, Williams, and Co. 0\. Tell, B. b., 320, John Smith, Foo-chow-foo. Youngman and Co. 0\. Wolverene, B. br., 207, J. Paul, Sourabaya.-H. Selwyn Smith. 0\. Star of Gwent,B:b.,3C9, W. ShUlabeer,Mauritius. -Joshua Brothers. 9\. Eticnno et Lauronco, F. h.. 258, J.'Picrro Lo Bosque, Bourbon.-Lauratet, Le Roy, and Co. 9\. Jan van Sehaffelaar, D. b., 685, A. vail Buyn,Rot- terdam.-O. Tondeur and Co. 10\. Yorkshire, B. s., 1,050, F. Anderson, London vii Plymouth.-W. P. White and Co. 11\. John Wesley, B. se, 23S, T. Griorson, London via Adelaide. 13\. Seamevv, B. b., 405, R. M. Taylor, Manilla.-Cap- tain Taylor. 11\. Bombay, E.M.S.S., 1,500, G. C. Burne, Point do Galla-F. It. Kendall. 15\. Hurricane, B. s., 1,198, D. H. Johnson, Liverpool. -Dickson, Williams, and Co. 21\. Louise Kohn, H. b., 421, J. Gabdo, Foo-chow-foo. -F. VV. Prell and Co. 24\. Fonnosa, B. b., 380, C. Mooro, Mauritius.-Joshua. Brothers.. Sept. CLE.vnr.n OUT. 28\. Geelong, R.M.S.S., 1.217,NT. J. Skottovvo, Pointdo Calle.-JF. R. Kondall. Oct. 1\. St. Aubin,. P.s... 1,478. F. N. Lo Coulin, Batavia via Sydney.-Victoria Sugar Company. 4\. Hannah Nicholson, B.b., 252, G. Black, Colombo. -Gricc, Sumner, and Co. 6\. Lincolnshire, B.B., 1,200, II. H. Skinner, London. -W. P. White and Co. 6\. Lightning, B.s., 1,700, n. Jones, London viî Geelong.-Bright Brothers and Co. " 8\. Carl.B.br., 104, W.Don, Guam.-II. S. Smith. 14\. Stag, B.b., 335, L. Anderson, Mauritius.-Turn- bull, Smith, and Co. 17\. Iris, S. 1)., 475, II. F. Jansen, Guara.-Wilshin and Leighton. 18\. Lanarkshire, B. s., 1,430, Evan Williams, Loudon, via Geelong.-Holmes, White, and Co. 18\. Sarah, A. s., COI, J. B. Atkins, Bau Francisco, viî Newcastle.-Newell and Co. 19\. Portland, B. s., 872, J. Peters, Shanghai via Now castlo.-R. Towns and Co. 21\. Tornado, B. s., 1,721, S. Underwood, Rangoon via Newcastle.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 23\. Bavelavv, B. s., 1,034, J. Stevenson, Bombay vii Newcastle.-Dickson, Williams, and Co. 23\. Kent, B. s" 1,100, H. F. Holt, London.-W. P. White and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. SKIT. 2S. Geelong, s.S., for Point do Gallo.-2 boxes jevvollery, I box raisins, 1 cask currants, 2 boxes candles, 1 case chocbo, 1 case drapery, 1 caso colonial skins. . OCT. 4. Hannah Nicholson, for Colombo.-1 carriage-pole, 600 bags flour, 6,131 bags bone-dust. OCT. 5. . Lightning, for London via Goolong.-3,300 bags copper ore, 216 casks tallow. Lincolnshire,- for London.-1,147 bales wool, 2 bales sheepskins, ISO bales leather, 25 bales basils, 2 bales glue-pieces, 132 casks tallow, 9 casks black sand, 1,227 bags copper ore, 1,077 bags wheat, 2S0 hhds. IO balf hlids. 11 quarter-casks, 6 cases gum, 100 bags flour, II packages sundries. OCT. 8. Carl, for Guam.-2,000 bags flour, 620 bundles rat- tans. OCT. 14. , , Stag, for Mauritius.-200 tons coal, 220 casks beef, 710 bags'bran, 1,207 bags oats, 50 ebcop. OCT. l8. , Lanarkshire, for London via Goolong.-128 casks ? lallovv, 4,245 hides, 6,640 bags copper ore. OCT. 21. Tornado, ior Rangoon vii Newcastle.-1,100 bags salt. OCT. 23. . , Kent, for London.-1,000 bales wool, 120 bales leather, 10 hales basils, 12 hales 1 caso skins, 1,3.» bogs 17 casks black sand, 028 bags bark, 399 bags .flour, 400 casks molasses, 71 casks butter, 4 cases straw hats, 2 cases hardware, 3 packages provisions, 6 coses sundries. rrinted and published by Huon GEOiton, at Tni Aliaos Oflico, Collins-street, Melbourno, for WIMOS and MACBISKOS proprietors. 