THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. THIRD READING Old THE REFORM BILL IN THE COMMONS. (From The Times, July 16th.) The Reform Bill has been read a third time and passed. A little after midnight, after a debate. of eight hours' length, the question was put and carried without a division, and the Bill passed the House of Commons. But the character and possible consequences of the Bill were not the subjects which engaged the attention of the House during this prolonged debate. It was inevitable that something should be said on these topics, especially considering the Bill had been read a second time almost without a word of explanation, and remembering still further the complete change which has since been effected in its provisions and something was said about them. But the House was occupied with the character of the Ministry, and not with the character of the Bill. The debate turned on the effects of the conduct of the Administration on party confidence, and not on the effects of Reform on future legislation. From the moment when Lord Cranborne began the debate down to the time when the question was put those were the themes of discussion. One man attacked and the other apologized for the Government, and a third expressed his indifference to all considerations of political morality so long as he had obtained the results he desired, and the measure itself, the crown- ing result of IS years' agitation, the end of a course in which Ministry after Ministry has suffered shipwreck, was almost unnoticed. The most remarkable point in a debate of remarkable power was the prolonged silence of Ministers. Hour after hour they held their peace. Lord Cran- borne quoted the speech made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer two years ago on Mr. Baines's motion to which we referred yesterday, and contrasted the warning then given against any change as being fatal and irreversible with the confidence now sought to be inspired that, whatever alteration may be made in the form of the Constitution, the Government of England must remain practically the same ; but Mr. Disraeli remained apparently unmoved. No one will be surprised at this, but it must excite some astonishment that the colleagues of the Chancellor of the Exchequer were content to take no notice of the charges of inconsistency, if not torgiversation.brought against them. It was easy for Lord Cranborne to quote language of Lord Stanley, of Mr. Hardy, and of Sir Stafford Northcote of no older date than the beginning of this very Session, wholly irreconcilable with the late conduct of the Ministry of which they have remained members, and yet these Ministers made no attempt to explain the charges which could not be denied. Mr. Graves, an independent Conservative, apologized for the Conservative party in supporting the present Bill, and Lord Elcho defended his own conduct, as a moderate Liberal, in voting for it; but these are points which neither need apology nor defence. The Bill may prove to be perfectly safe, and more than safe, in its operation. It may improve the character of the House of Commons at the same time that it will widen the base of the Constitution by putting on the register a larger proportion of the adult population of the country. We hope and believe it will produce those happy results. Independent members are justified in supporting it, as they have supported it, in the confidence that it will produce these results. But there remains the fact, undeniable and to most men inexplicable, that the sponsors of the Bill were pledged to oppose the very measure they have fathered, and had declared unalterable hostility to the scheme they have since submitted to the House of Commons. This was the phenomenon which required elucidation, and we regret that the Minis- tors assailed did not consult their own feelings by rising to defend themselves. When at length, after the Ministry had for hours submitted to the patronage of Liberals and the invective of the serodors from their old ranks, Mr. Disraeli rose to reply, he failed to excuse and apparently to understand the strangeness of the conduct which one party was content to gloss over, and at which the other was indignant. He went back to 1852 for an explanation of his own sentiments. He had always hold, he said, that the laboring classes had been deprived of of share in the election of the popular branch of the Legislature by the Act of 1832, and he was convinced that the next measure of Reform passed by Parliament must remedy this injustice He had avowed this belief in 1852. It is true that Lord Derby came into office then " to stem Democracy." It is true that in 1859 the Government of Lord Derby refused to consent to a lowering of the Borough Franchise It is true that in 1865, on the eve of a general election, Mr. Disraeli expressed his regret that he had consented to a reduction of the borough qualification, and affirmed his matured conviction that the extension of the franchise must be lateral and not vertical. Still, throughout all this, it now appears that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was persuaded of the policy and necessity of Household Suffrage There are no limits, said the greatest of philosophers, to the credulity of men ; but he was referring to instances of self-delusion. Mr. Disraeli may labor under the conviction, strange as it must appear to dispassionate observers, that what he proposes to-day is in exact accord with what he has been saying and doing for the last dozen years, and that the Reform Bill of the Conservative Government embodies the policy followed by the Conservative party since he has led it. Mr. Disraeli may believe all this. It is an egregious instance of self- delusion. But he must not expect the world to share his belief. We can credit anything we tell ourselves, hut when we are asked to receive the doctrines and interpretations of others incredulity supervenes. Even the remarkable statement that Household Suffrage was proposed as a basis of the borough franchise in Lord Derby's Cabinet in 1859 cannot be expected to convince the world, since we know perfectly well that if it was proposed-and with what qualifications proposed does not appear it was certainly rejected. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, indeed, tells us that it was rejected because the Cabinet believed the country was not ripe to receive the suggestion, and we are thus led to the extraordinary conclusion that Lord Derby and his colleagues were willing to concede Household Suffrage had public opinion desired it, but went out of office rather than reduce the £10 qualification by three or four pounds, which public opinion did desire. The defence of the Ministry was delayed last night till the last moment, and when it was at length produced it was of a character which musts pronounced unsatisfactory. We cannot help regretting this. The character of an administration ought to be too precious to be trifled with, and a slur upon, it is a slur upon our national honor. But we are not without confidence that the course of the Ministry is better than Mr. Disraeli represented it to be, and that with a perverse ingenuity, not without parallel in his career, be constructed a theory in explanation of it which does not do justice to his colleagues. We take the simple fact to be that at the outset of the Session Lord Stanley, Mr. Hardy, and Sir Stafford Northcote never contemplated the possibility of finding themselves responsible for such a Bill as the Reform Bill has become, and had the measure in its present form been there submitted to them they would have at once rejected all share in promoting it. But it is easy tore fuse at the outset, hard to stop short in the middle of a work. As the Session advanced it became apparent to those Ministers that they must either consent to a measure more democratic than they personally approved, or produce a renewed and more turbulent agitation by withdrawing altogether from further participation in Reform. They had the choice of exposing their own reputation for consistency to suspicion, or of involving the country in consequences such as all would depreciate. And they sacrificed themselves. If this be, as we apprehend it is, the explanation of what has seemed so dark, the conduct of those Ministers is so far from censurable that a frank confession of their motives would have evoked hearty sympathy and support.. But Mr. Disraeli made no such confession, as possibly he did not share the feelings which have actuated his colleagues. To him, as to them, the ultimate form of the Reform Bill was a matter unknown, but while they found themselves, too late, committed to a course from which they would have recoiled, he was indifferent to the end which chance might be got, and ventures now to boast that a Bill contradicting the professions of 15 years corresponds to the conviction he had always on contained. TICHBORNE VERSUS TICHBORNE. (From the RM Mall Gazette.) We have been favored with a perusal of the affidavits put in on the plaintiff's behalf in this extraordinary case. They consist of the affidavits of the claimant to the succession, of the claimant's mother, and of 34 persons who have seen the claimant, and who believe him to be the person he represents himself to be. The story told by the claimant is, that he embarked at Rio on board the Bella, of Liverpool, bound for New York, on the 20th April, 1854 that four days afterwards the Bella sprang a leak and foundered soo-hor crew, consisting of 17 persons and himself, having previously left her in two boats that the boat in which he was was separated from the other by a storm and that, on the fourth day after leaving the Bella, he and eight of his companions were picked up by a ship bound for Melbourne, in Australia, where they were landed about the end of July, having been on board of the vessel that picked them up nearly three months. Neither the names of the vessel that thus saved the claimant's life, nor of her captain, nor of any of his rescued shipmates are given in the claimant's affidavit. On reaching Melbourne the claimant states that he was utterly destitute, and that, being a good rider, he obtained employment on the stock farm of a Mr. William Foster, having assumed, for family reasons not explained in the affidavit, the name of Thomas Castro. In 1865, the claimant, being a Roman Catholic, intermarried with Mary Ann Bryant, spinster, also a Roman Catholic ; but for the better maintenance of his incognito they elected to be married by a Wesleyan minister. After remaining in Australia from 1854 till 1866 without communicating with any member of his family or with any other person in England, the claimant board for the first time, in the latter year, the death of his father, and early in 1866 he wrote to his mother, informing her that he was alive and about to return home, and asking for a remittance to friable him to do so. Before receiving any such remittance the claimant, his wife, and their infant daughter left Sydney, and returned to England via Panama and New York. And now comes the strangest part of the story. The claimant, onlanding in England, did not present himself to any member of his numerous family, from all of whom he had parted on excellent terms in 1854, nor did he present himself to any of the officers of his regiment, in whose society he had passed the last four years of his sojourn in England, and who are of course the most competent persons to establish his identity. After a hasty visit incognito to Tichborne park, and an interview with Messrs. Gosford and Callington, the solicitors of the Tichborne family, and Mr. Plowden, a distant relative none of whose names appear affixed to any of the affidavits in support of the claimant's identity - the claimant joined his mother in Paris, and was at once recognized by that lady as her son. The affidavit of Dame Henriette Felicite Tichborne, widow of the late Sir James Francis Doughty Tichborne, Bart., follows that of the claimant. Lady Tichborne, whose maiden name was Seymour, is a half-sister of Mr. Henry Danby Seymour, M.P-, and of Mr. Alfred Seymour, M.P. for mother was a Frenchwoman, and she herself was born and educated in France. Her affidavit states that her eldest son was born in 1829, and was educated in France until he was 16 years of ago, when he was sent to Stonyhurst College, in Lancashire that in October, 1849, he joined Her Majesty's 6th Dragoon Guards (Carabineers) in Dublin that he served with that corps until February, 1853, when he left the regiment for the purpose of travelling in South America; that in the year 1854 news reached England that the claimant had embarked on board the Bella, and that that vessel had never since been heard of; and that, after the customary inquiries and the usual lapse of time, she had been dealt with by the underwriters at Lloyd's as a total loss. Lady Tichborne's affidavit goes on to state that she never could bring herself to believe that her son had perished in the Bella that she entertained from the very first a presentiment that he might have been picked up at sea, which she freely expressed that she once obtained some faint corroboration that her presentiment might possibly be well founded from a strange sailor on the tramp, who solicited alms from her at Tichborne Park and that in the year 1863 she caused advertisements, offering a reward to anybody who would find her son for her to be in- serted in The Times in the English, French, and Spanish languages, and that she communicated at the same time with Mr. Arthur Cubitt, of the " Missing Friends' office," in Sydney, authorizing him to announce the death of her husband in the Australian papers, and to offer a reward for the discovery of her son. In 1866, according to her ladyship's affidavit, she first received a letter from the claimant announcing his existence, and his resolve to return home. and asking for money to enable him to do so; and on Thursday, the 10th of January, 1867, the claimant arrived in Paris, and put up, with his wife and child, at the Hotel de Lille et d'Albion, in the Rue St. Honor, where she first saw him ill in bed overwhelmed with emotion, recognised him as her son, and thenceforward allowed him £1,000 a year. From that day Lady Tichborne and the claimant have constantly lived together. Her ladyship declares that his features, disposition, and voice an unmistakable, and must, in her judgment, be recognised by any impartial and unprejudiced persons who knew him before he left England, and that his memory as to everything which occurred to him up to the time of his leaving England is perfect. We have not space to enter into detail as to the statements of the 34 persons whose affidavits follow those of the claimant and Lady Tichborne. Many of them are important enough. if the deponents can endure cross-examination in the witness-box ; many are obviously false, absurd, and worthless, being those of persons who, never having seentheolaimant before he left England ate neverthe- less convinced that he is the person he claims to belong is made by a blind man, who once heard Mr. Roger Tichborne speak before he left England in 1853, and having heard the claimant speak in 1867 is convinced of his identity, because he has " a Tichborne voice.'' Perhaps the most important of all is the affidavit of Major Heywood, late of the Carabineers, who served with Mr. Roger Tichborne in that regiment for nearly two years. Major Heywood says ; -"I have this day, July 16 1867, seen and had a conversation with the claimant, and I state my full belief that he is the Mr. Roger Charles Tichborne, my brother officer, whom I formerly knew, and I have no doubt whatever as to his identity." They are also the affidavits of two or three persons, formerly non-commissioned officers, privates, and servants in the Carabineers, who also bear witness that the claimant is credentials with the Cornet Tichborne who formerly served with them in that regiment. No single member of either the Seymour or the Tichborne families, nor any of the numerous officers with whom he served in the Carabineers, with the single exception of Major Heywood, have made any affidavits of their belief in the claimant's identity. As, according to the Dowager Lady Tichborne's affidavit, the claimant's person and manner are little changed, and as his memory is perfect, there can be no doubt that when the case comes to be tried the claimant will readily obtain justice. The name of a vessel in the Australian trade which in 1854 picked up at sea nine shipwrecked persons, maintained them on board for three months, and landed them at Melbourne, can easily be ascertained ; it is more than probable that some of the other survivors of the wreck of the Bella may be in existence ; the gentlemen by whom Mr. Roger Tichborne was educated at Stonyhurst and the Roman Catholic priests by whom his religious exercises were directed must be accessible, and at least a score of his brother officers in the Carabineers will be available and unbiassed witnessess to his identity. We happen to know as a fact that Mr. Danby Seymour, M. P., the claimant's uncle, Mr. M'Evoy, M. P., and Major Phillips, formerly of the Carabineers, his brother officers, his aunt, Mrs. Nagle, and his cousin, Mrs. John Townsley, and Mrs. Radcliffe have had interviews with him but as we do not find any affidavits from them in corroboration of his identity among the documents included in the volume now before us, we presume that they failed to recognize in the claimant their long-lost relative. LORD JUSTICE TURNER. We record with much regret the death of Sir George James Turner, the senior Lord Justice of Appeal, which took place at his residence in London on the night of Tuesday, the 9th inst. His illness was of but short duration, and at first excited no alarm among his friends until very shortly before his decease. Until ten days before his death he continued to perform his duties in court. Subsequently the affection assumed the character of bronchitis, which, before Sunday, the 7th, developed into congestion of the lungs.' On that day, though seriously ill, there was no anticipation' of immediate danger, and Lord Chelmsford was admitted to his chamber to see him, although he was forbidden to converse. From that moment he appears gradually to have sunk until Tuesday night, when Lady Turner, who was absent, returned only to find that his death had taken place an hour previously to her arrival. Sir George James Turner, born on the 5th of February, 1798, was the youngest but one of the 12 children of the Rev. Richard Turner, B.D., incumbent of Great Yarmouth, by his second wife Elizabeth, daughter of Mr. Thomas Bede. The family of Turner were settled, for many generations, at Keniugham, in Norfolk ; one of them, Francis Turner, born in 1862, and bred to the law, settled at Yarmouth, and became town clerk of that place, was a person of great literary attainments, and was the intimate friend of the poet Crabbe, by whose son, in the preface to his edition of the poet's works, he is spoken of in the highest terms of commendation. On the mother's side Sir George Turner was descended from Sir Robert Naunton, Secretary of State to James I., and author of Fragmenta Regalia, and from his wife Mary, grand- daughter of Sir Edward Coke, Lord Chief Justice of England, through whose wife Bridget, the daughter of Mr. John Watson, Sir George Turner was also descended from the ancient Norfolk family of that name, and from William Paston, Judge of the Common Pleas temp. Henry VI. Sir George Turner was educated at Charterhouse, of which foundation he was a governor at the time of his death. He was a member of Pembroke College, Cambridge, of which his uncle, Dr. Joseph Turner, Dean of Norwich, and formerly the tutor of William Pitt, was then the master. In 1859 he took his degree as eighth wrangler, and afterwards became afsllowof his college. His name having been entered at Lincoln's inn, he became a pupil of the late Lord Cottenham, and was called to the bar in 1854. Shortly afterwards he edited a volume of Chancery Reports in conjunction with the late Mr. James Russell, U.C. In May 1840, he became a G.O. simultaneously with Mr. Bethell, now Lord Westbury, who was two years his junior. In July, 1847, he was elected M.P. for Coventry, and retained his seat until April, 1851, when he was appointed Vice- Chancellor, soon after which he received the honour of knighthood, and was made a Privy Councillor. In January, 1853, he was appointed one of the Lords Justices of Appeal, in succession to Lord Cranworth, who became Chancellor. Besides being a governor of the Charterhouse, he was a Bencher of Lincoln's inn and a Fellow of the Royal Society, and had received the honorary degree of D.C.L. of the University of Oxford. As a member of the House of Commons, Sir George Turner introduced and carried the measure known as Sir George Turner's Act, which, with other minor improvements upon the cumbrous practice of that day, enabled the Court of Chancery to decide, upon a special case, questions in which the parties were agreed upon the facts. To him also in a great degree, as a member of the Chancery Commission, are due many of the great improvements in the practice of the Court which were effected in 1852, and he may be said to have been the father of the present chamber practice in Chancery. He married, in 1823, Louisa, the daughter of Mr. Edward Jones, of Brackley, in Northamptonshire, by whom he had six sons and three daughters, who, with Lady Turner, all survive him. As a judge Sir George Turner can- not be better described than in the words which Lord Chelmsford addressed to the Bar on Wednesday morning : " The unvarying kindness and courtesy which he showed to every one, his devoted and patient attention to every case brought before him, and the anxious care with which he worked out his judgments, which were always full and satisfactory, will never be forgotten and I am sure that there is hardly any one connected with the Court of Chancery who does not feel that he has almost lost a personal friend in that most amiable and estimable man and upright and conscientious judge," When we call to mind the remarkable made respecting Sir James Lewis Knight Bruce, his late colleague, whom he survived but a few months, of the perfect harmony existing between them during the long; period they had sat together, we cannot but attribute this to the great personal qualities possessed in so eminent a degree by the judge whose loss we now mourn It may not be inopportune to add that an older brother of Sir George Turner namely, Mr. Francis Turner, who died in 1864, also attained considerable eminence as a conveyancer, and was a bencher of the Inner Temple and another brother, Mr. C. R. Turner, has for many years been a master of the Court of Queen's Bench Solicitor's Journal. ANNUAL REPORT ON EDUCATION. The Report of the Committee of Council on Education in respect of the year ending the 31st of August, is signed by the Duke of Marlborough and Lord R. Montagu, but they were not in office in that year. The report, which is therefore confined to stating the results of official returns and reports, shows that the number of schools inspected in the year ending the 31st of August, 1863, was 11,230; in the next year, 11,818; in the following, 12,950; in the last, 13,586. The number of children present at inspection in the four years respectively was 1,002,741, 1,133,291, 1,246,055, and 1,287,604 ; the average number attending the schools, 1,08,9 2a, 1,011,134, 1,057,745, and 1,082,055. The rate of increase in the number of children present at inspection was not so great in the last year as in its immediate predecessor. This is accounted for partly by examinations of evening scholars being allowed without the in- spector's presence, and partly by the severe commercial distress of 1866. The unsettled question of the conscience clause may be suggested as an explanation, but this influence has been operative for three years, and all the grants, except those for building, are independent of that question. The reduction in the number of pupil-teachers continues, the last four years' returns showing 13,849,11,712,11,383, and 10,955. A considerable part of the apprenticeships never get beyond the third year. It is hoped that the advantages offered by the minute of February last will help to retain them in their schools. The supply of school- mistresses is maintained, but the masters are falling short. Mistresses are cheaper to employ than mas tors and the Committee of Council regard the increased employment of mistresses as closely connected with the extension of grants to the smaller and poorer parishes of the kingdom. At the end of the year 1866, of the 14,877 parishes of other places in England separately maintaining their own poor, there were but 31 with more than 5,000 inhabitants, in which schools have not been aided with annual J grants; but there were 837 (about a third of the whole number) with more than 1,000 and less than 5,000 inhabitants, 1,756 with more than 500 and less than 1,000 inhabitants, and 7,780 with less than 500 inhabitants; making in all 10,401 parishes not aided with annual grants. The 11,635 parishes with less than 1,000 inhabitants contained together a population of more than 4,000,000 at the last census; and only 2,099 of these parishes, only two in 11, had any share in the annual Parliamentary grant " for the promotion of education among the labouring classes." In the year 1866 175 acting masters and 164 mistresses presented themselves for examination with a view to obtaining a certificate, and 85 per cent, of the masters and 75 per cent. of the mistresses passed. The report notices that the profession is not a badly paid one, considering its respectability, its comparative certainty, and that it is open to the child of any labourer upon no harder terms than consist in foregoing higher wages and submitting to a good deal of moral restraint between the 12th and 21st year. The average income of a certificated schoolmaster is shown to be £87 a year, the majority living rent free besides. If, then, the colleges for masters are at present but two-thirds full, the calling will doubtless recover itself in time, " subject always to the question whether the cheaper labour of school mistresses is not likely to be found sufficient in a large, if not the larger part of the country which remains to be provided with education." The report has to acknowledge that the general results of the examinations continue to show too backward a state of instruction. Only 664,005 day scholars were qualified by the 200 attendances within the year, and were judged by the managers to be qualified by attainments for examinations at all, where 803,177 were qualified by ago. Only 97,364 passed without failure above Standard III. whore 264,231, being over ten years of age, ought to have done so ; the difference making nearly two-thirds passing out of school to work with less of elementary knowledge than Standard IV. denotes writing from dictation a sentence from a more advanced book used in the school, reading a short paragraph from the book, and working a sum in compound rules (money). Arithmetic continues to be the subject in which last success is obtained. A number of schools selected from all districts as fairly representative examples show those" results In 643 boys' schools with an average attendance of 71,196, 57,036 (80 per cent.) were examined in arithmetic, and 45,584, or not quite 80 per cent., passed; and in 643 girls' schools, with an average attendance of 56,220, 39,589 (70 per cent.) were examined in arithmetic, and 29,931 or 73 per cent., passed. There is, perhaps, no attainment more likely to be generally useful in daily life than mental arithmetic Times, July 18th. ANOTHER MURDER AT BIRMINGHAM. Birmingham is becoming famous for deeds of violence. At a late hour on Tuesday night an affray took place in a publichouse in Dale-end in that town, the result of which is that a man named McNally, a striker, was shot dead. The occurrence is thus described in the Daily Post :-" About 10 o'clock at night the deceased, in company with two other men, entered the gin shop of one Morris Roberts, in which there were a number of persons drinking. These persons asked to be supplied with two pennyworth of whisky ; but Roberts, being under the impression, as he said, that they had had enough to drink, refused to supply them with any more liquor. They pressed him, however, to give them more drink, but Roberts firmly refused, and as he was turning away from the counter to go to another part of theshop.the deceased picked up a plate which lay upon the counter and throw it at him. Roberts, observing the man's movements stooped and avoided the missile. The deceased and his companions followed up this act by throwing the glasses on the counter at Roberts, but he managed to escape without being struck. Going to a drawer, then, Roberts took out a loaded six barrelled revolver, and presented it at the men, saying that he would shoot them. The deceased, retreating a few yards said Shoot, you e, shoot !' The other mon-docoascd's companions cried out, < We'll settle the-,' and more glasses were then thrown at Roberts, who fired upon the party, the deceased immediately dropping to the ground, but his fall was not noticed by the other men, who continued their demonstrations of violence towards the proprietor, whereupon one of the waiters rushed to the door to prevent the escape of his master's assailants. One of the men, however, prevented him shutting the door, and, after a struggle, got into the street. At the request of Roberts the waiter went upstairs to the front window and sprang a rattle for the purpose of obtaining the assistance of the police. A crowd speedily collected, and a number of persons rushed into the house to see what was the matter ; but before this the two men who had accompanied the deceased, and who, like himself, appeared to be Irishmen, had escaped. The people in the house at the time took no part in the affray, but when the police came in a gentleman who witnessed what took place informed the officers of the facts, and gave Roberts into custody. The prisoner, expressing his willingness to go with the policemen, put on his jacket, and was then taken to the lock-up. The deceased at this time was lying upon the floor of his shop in a pool of blood, which had issued from his mouth. Upon examination it was found that he was in a dying state, and that being so, he was without loss of time removed in a cab to the General Hospital, but the unfortunate man died on the way to that institution. The ballot, it was found, had entered at a point about two inches from the left breast. Roberts, on being charged at the police-station, made a statement to the effect that deceased and two other men come into his vaults and requested him to serve them with some liquor that he refused that they then made use of bad expressions, and threw plates and glasses at him 5 and that it was then he took a pistol and fired at him. Roberts, who was very nervous and dejected, and appeared to be in a state of great excitement, expressed himself as very sorry for what had happened. The prisoner, when taken into custody, had the revolver in his hand. Roberts was for some time an active supporter of Mr. Murphy ; but it would seem that for some cause or other he had withdrawn himself from any participation in the lectures at the Tabernacle At the time of the riots his windows were broken, among those of other Friends of the so-called Protestant movement and being threatened with personal violence, he is said to have kept the revolver at hand, in readiness to defend himself. It is said that the deceased and his companions were Roman Catholics, and that their visit was made with no friendly intentions. A man who was present at the time of the outrage, informs us that while the men were throwing glasses at Roberts one of them exclaimed, ' Let's settle the -- Murphy to. Yesterday morning Roberts was brought up before the magistrates and remanded till Friday. He is a noted pugilist. MR. SEWARD AT BOSTON. In his speech at Boston on the 22nd ult. Mr. Seward said.-" I am here with the President of the United States in Massachusetts. I was with him a fortnight ago in his native State of North Carolina. (Cries of ' Three cheers for North Carolina.') You may well give three cheers for North Carolina. She was the first State to put forth a declaration of in dependence in the revolution against Great Britain. You may well give three cheers for North Carolina. She was the State of the 11 which seceded that went last most reluctantly out of the Union. You may well give three cheers for North Carolina, She was the first of the 11 which acceded to come back again to the family fireside of the Union, and to-day nothing is wanting for her to resume her ancient, honourable, and most patriotic position in the family of the Re- public but the consent of the people of Massachusetts, Now, I know that all that is coming about-Is coming about very soon. I have seen the earth and the skies full of the elements of fertility, of health, and of vigour, and I saw in North I Carolina the cotton spring up which is to supply I next year the mills of ManachaNtta, I, have I been in New York the wheat growing that is to supply the West Indies and the Southern States. I know that Nature designs that this whole continent not merely those 36 States, but this whole continent should be, sooner or later, within the magic circle of the American Union. The people in North Carolina and Georgia may try to got out as much as they please, and you hero in Massachusetts may try to keep them out as much as you please, God and Nature have decided againstboth.and you are to live together as brothers in unity and harmony. Now, I told you that I was peculiarly gratified with the reception that you gave the President of the United States to-day. Now, let me say one word for your serious reflection. Almighty God has revealed to men or allowed them to conceive of no safe or permanent Government in which there shall not be one executive moved. That head must exist in the Government, whether it is a King of the Emperor, or a President. There are but two ways in which an executive head can be procured for a nation-one is by birth hereditary and the other is by election. (? Three cheers for our President by election.') But nations have been unwilling to submit to a King or an Emperor, and therefore, before he is born the sword is prepared which is to be put into his hands with which he shall be able to compel their consent during his natural life. On the other hand, a Republic elects a President, and they take security against his abuse or tyrannical exercise of power, by stipulating that he shall be President but for four years and having made that stipulation, they agree that he shall have no sword in his hand to keep him in the possession of the power they have entrusted to him but that they, by their own consent, will acquiesce and sustain him for the period of four years and no longer, when they can turn him out and put in a successor that they elect. Now, if you are going to have a President, as a President is a necessity, and for four years, how are you to get him P You are to agree that the majority of the people of the State shall elect him. There is no other way but that you must acquiesce in it during his term of office, and that the minority concur in the charge that the majority has made for four years, and no longer. Only adhere to that one simple principle, and this Republic will last for ever. This Republic can never perish if you have a President whom the people themselves, without military force, will sustain for four years at a time, and no longer. We have just got to loam one simple habit-that of acquiescing in the choice that we ourselves make of our President for four years, and then, at the expiration of that time, improving upon the lost choice by making as much better a one as we have the success and wisdom to do. There is the solution of all our troubles. It is all in that the South has been taught that it must submit to the President when he is chosen by the North, and the North must show that it will submit to the President that they choose, or in chosen for them by the majority of the American people. Give me only this one assurance that there shall never be an unlawful resistance by an armed force to the President bearing the authority of the United States, and give me then, 50 40, or 30 more years of life, and I will engage to give you the possession of the American continent and the control of the entire world. Deny me that simple thing of the acquiescence of the people in their own choice, and I will not pledge you the continuance, the existence of this Union through half the period which we have carried it, with the cost and sacrifice of the greatest civil war the world has ever soon." EMIGRATION TO AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND. It appears from the official returns that the number of persons who emigrated to the Australian colonies and New Zealand during the year 1866 amounted to 21,097, distributed as follows To New South Wales, 1,048; Queensland, 0,054; Victoria, 8,531; South Australia, 3,392 ; Western Australia, 167 ; Tasmania, 7 and to New Zealand, 4,298. This is a decrease, compared with 1865, of not fewer than 13,186 souls ; with 1864, of 16,848 ; with 1863, of 28,957 ; with 1862, of 17,746; and an increase, as compared with 1861, of 351. Limited as the emigration was last year, the Emigration Commissioners state that there is no reason for thinking it inadequate to the wants of the colonists and the existing demand for labor; indeed, as regards Queensland, there is reason to fear that, owing to the temporary suspension of railway and other public works, there has been difficulty of obtaining full employment for the number of emigrants sent out. As the emigration from this country to the colony is now proceeding at a much reduced rate, the inconvenience occasioned by the comparative scarcity of work will soon pass away. The demand for the services of female domestic servants in Victoria is still very urgent, and the Colonial Government have, in consequence of, entered into an arrangement with Miss Rye for the selection and despatch of that class of emigrants. Miss Rye has accordingly despatched 189 young women in two ships engaged and fitted by the Emigration Commissioners. The Colonial Government have also requested the Commissioners to select female immigrants for them, and, if possible, to send not less than 150 in each ship they despatch to Melbourne. Of the 24,097 persons who emigrated to the Australian colonies and New Zealand last year, 22,481 embarked at English ports, 1,135 at Scotch, and 481 at Irish-viz., from London, 8,912, of whom 1,050 were married men, 1,260 married women, 3,457 single men, 1,488 single women, 43 boys between the ages of 1 and 12,662 girls between the same ages, 122 male infants, and 130 female ; 6,755 were English, 605 Scotch, 1,253 Irish, and 209 foreigners. From Liverpool 8,550 embarked, of whom 895 were married men, 996 married women, 2,733 single men, 2,523 single women, 648 boys between the ages of 1 and 12,620 girls between the same ages, 102 male infants and 123 female 3,626 were English, 451 Scotch, 4,279 Irish, and 194 foreigners. From Plymouth, 4,631 embarked, of whom 328 were married men, 586 married woman, 1,731 single men, 1,048 single woman, 347 boys between the ages of 1 and 12,288 girls between the same ages, 49 male infants, and 54 female ; 2,265 were English, 629 Scotch, 1,729 Irish, and 8 foreigners. From " all other ports" in England 388 embarked, of whom 27 were married men, 29 married woman, 144 single men, 142 single women, 43 boys between the ages of 1 and 12, 22 girls between the same ages, 3 male infants, and 3 female ; 156 were English, 13 Scotch, 218 Irish, and 1 foreigner. From Glasgow 697 emigrants embarked, of whom 79 were married men, 38 married women, 234 single men, 134 single women, 64 boys between the ages of 1 and 12, 34 girls between the same ages, 9 male infants, and 12 female ; 94 were English, 523 Scotch, 79 Irish, and 1 foreigner. From Greenock 436 embarked, of whom 24 were married men, 25 married woman, 162 single men, 152 single women, 38 boys between the ages of 1 and 12, 27 girls between the same ages, 9 male infants, and 2 female : 428 wore Scotch, 6 Irish, and 2 foreigners; from all other ports in Scotland 2 embarked, both single men and both Scotch. From Cork, 481 emigrants embarked, of whom 39 were married men, 40 married women, 140 single men, 229 single women, 22 boys between the ages of 1 and 12, 27 girls between the same ages, 4 male infants, and 16 female ; 48 were English, 24 Scotch, and 409 Irish. Of the 24,097 persons who emigrated to the Australian colonies and New Zealand in 1866, 2,514 were married men, 3,014 married woman, 8,574 single men, 5,764 single women, 1,877 boys between the ages of 1 and 12, 1,692 girls between the same ages, 298 male infants, and 334 Females; 12,944 were English, 2,765 Scotch, 7,973 Irish, and 416 foreigners. Times, June 18th. THE SECOND EMPIRE, The affair of the Brothers Drury and the Bru- allow Cassagnac, the duellists, is assuming large pro | portions. As already stated the Brothers Druruy, objecting to. an article in the Journal de Paris, arguing that their father, the Minister of Public Instruction, was unduly severe to the normal school in dissolving it for a bagatelle, and unduly indulgent to his sons, in maintaining them in important official posts after their notorious escapades, went to the office of the paper accompanied by a third person to act as their witness and reporter. Without first giving their names they obtained an interview with Bl. Weiss, the editor, and when he refused to fight a duel one of the Druruys, as he has publicly admitted and boasted, knocked the editor about the head with a roll of his own journal. It has been much remarked that, whereas the usual course in " affairs of honour is for one principal to Bond two friends, here two principals went together, accompanied by one friend, and the three of them propounded an ultimatum to the man desired to be fought with, and, on his refusal, took the law into their own hands. I said three days ago that this affair must come before a law court, and so it will but, wonderful to relate, the Minister of Public Instruction, and not M. Weiss, is prosecutor. Again, became the Courrier Francais wrote the name of a Grainer de Cassagnac" Grainer (de Cassagnac) with a parenthesis, the brothers Cassagnac, jim., called together upon 51. Duchess, of that journal, and delivered an ultimatum to. him. They required, on pain of mortal combat, that he should insert a paragraph stating that he was; mistaken in writing the name (de Cassagnac) in a parenthesis, and that he should do it with an appearance of spontaneity, not saying that JI. Grainer de Cassagnac B sons had interfered in the matter. He declined to do this, but was willing to insert a letter from them correcting what they alleged to be his mistake. Thereupon they assaulted him by word of mouth, and in their father's journal the Pays. In that paper they said that the. Gmrrttr Francais people were rapscidlionB because they would not fight when provoked, whereas they (the Ciissagnacs) belonged to good society (the monde de salon). In reply to this assumption the Courrier Francais publishes extracts from a well known trial, showing that M. Grainer de Cassagnac was second in a duel in which MR brother-in-law, M. BeauvaHoii, killed JI. Dujanior, the manager of An crews and that President Espartero do Lussarj severely censured him for having sworn that the pistols used by M. Beau walton were now pistols, untried, whereas it was proved that they were pistols lent by M. de Cassagnac, and that M. Beauvallet! had practised with them. Boauvullon was sentenced to a heavy term of imprisonment. The inference drawn from this by the CbMJViVFiïiMnii« was, tkathowovormuoh tho Cassagnac might talk of the honor of their family, it was, at mu into, a dangerous family to fight with. The Cnwiag' uses replied, without noticing the o.vçkrwrd affair of' M. Dujanior, that since (he married Francais would not fight, it 0Qul4 only be dealt with by contempt," adding, however, in the next sentence, with great inconsistency, that their only remedy was the cudgel. Thereupon the Courrier Francais said it would be provided with a body guard of its friends against ruffians. The Cassagnacs print in the Pays that M. Louis de Cassagnac, meeting M. Vormorol, the editor of the Courrier Francais, walking in the street arm in arm with a friend, spat in his face several times, and that some of the spittle fell upon his friend spittle which, he says, he is very willing to consider withdrawn. This is published under the hood of bulletin No, 4 of " Vermorel's courage." Bulletin No. 2 states with great glee that M. Louis de Cos- signed the next day not M. Vermorel, escorted by six friends carrying large bludgeons, that he spat upon him exactly between his eyes, and that neither he nor the sue cudgel-bonrors took any notice. The reason why they did not inflict the chastisement which they might easily have done is, I suppose, that M. Grainer de Cassagnac, deputy for the Gers, has instituted a prosecution against M. Vermorel. So far it would seem that the sons of Ministers and Government deputies might lord it over common mortals as they please; but the Moniteur of this evening introduces a new element in the matter, in the shape of of a letter, not very clearly worded, however, from M. Pietro, the prefect of police, deprecating in severe terms the fighting tendencies of certain journalist!, and recommending the commissioners of police to protect peaceful citizens against them. A great deal more will be heard of these affairs, which interest the public intensely, and even affect the Bourse.-Express. REFORMATORY AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS. .; The tenth annual report, just issued by the inspector appointed to visit the certified reformatory and industrial schools of Great Britain, records the number of juvenile offenders under detention, in the 64 reformatories, on December 31st, 1866, at 5,335, being an increase of 420 on the number reported in 1865\. Of the 5,335 offenders, 537 were absent from the schools, including 96 who had absconded. The total number, therefore, actually in the schools was 4,798. The admissions during the year were 1,620. Of those, 37 were committed under ten years of. age, 271 aged ten and under 12,590 aged 12 and under 14, and 722 above 14 years. The number sent on first commitment in 1866 was 876, or more than one-half of the total number admitted ; 93 had been previously convicted three times or more, and of these one was a girl. The discharges during the year amounted to 1,207. Out of this number, 69 emigrated, 165 went to sea, 20 enlisted, 33 were discharged on ac- count of disease, 13 were discharged asking corrigible, or as having been re- convicted and sentenced to penal servitude, etc, and 34 died. The educational condition of most of the reforma- stories was, on the whole, satisfactory, though perhaps lower than might be expected. The returns furnished by the different schools of the results of their industrial departments show that to use juvenile labor to a profit is a matter dependent as much on the management as on the locality or circumstances of the institution. Of this, Kingswood Reformatory, near Bristol, is an example. Nothing could be more unfavorable than the situation or the soil of this institution ; but, by the energy and skill of the superintendent, a return of about £5 per head on the boys has been realized, chiefly by the manufacture of bricks and tiles. The same diversity is found as to the industrial results of girls' reformatories the Liverpool girls making a profit from laundry work of nearly £6 per head, or above 2s. per week on each inmate. The total expenditure, on on average of 4,868 young offenders under detention, was £102,192, or £21 Is 6d. per head, and the total receipts were £104,319-viz., Treasury contributions, £67,979 ; payment from parents, £2,804 ; subscriptions, legacies, he, £7,480 ; contributions from rates, £11,713 ; profit from industrial departments, £1/,673 and sundries, £2,741. It is to be regretted that the amount of subscriptions has fallen from £10,097 to £7,480. There was a considerable reduction in the number of juvenile offenders under the age of 10 committed to prison in England and Wales the numbers being 8,122 in 1886 against 8,705 in 1865. With reference to the success which has attended the reformatory system, it may be stated that of 2,709 boys and 710 girls reported on as to present character and circumstances, and who were discharged from the reformatories in the three years 1803-5, 1,961 boys, or 72 per cent., and 481 girls, or 67 per cent., were known to be doing well ; 101 boys, or 4 per cent., and 104 girls, or 14 per cent., were reported as doubtful or indifferent. 391 boys, or 14 per cent., and 60 girls, or 3 per cent., had been convicted of crime and 250 boys, or 9 per cent., and 65 girls, or 9 per cent., were unknown. The inspector states that of those discharged in the period the returns embrace, many of whom have left the schools more than three years ago, above 90 per cent. can be traced, and their character and position in 1366 reported os. This fact speaks very favorably for the pains and interest which the managers and officers of the schools bestow in testing the results of their work. The certified industrial schools made some considerable progress both in number and efficiency during the year. The number of children under detention in this useful class of institutions on the 31st of December, 1866, was 2,566, viz. 1,492 in England and 1,074 in Scotland. MANNERS AT THE OPERA. Our neighbours often reproach us for being; brusque and even brutal. We laugh it off, saying that they do not understand our insular freedom, either of speech or action, and we pride ourselves upon understanding in the fullest sense what we term good breeding." I need not trouble the Owls with-a specific definition of what this is, the more so as I purpose to narrate a pointed instance of what it is not. On Saturday the Viceroy of Egypt made, according to announcement, a public and advertised visit to Her Majesty's Theatre. His Highness with his suite were shown into the Royal Box, which is now, I believe, like most Royal Boxes, the Prince of Wales's, They had not, however, enjoyed the music or undergone the stores of the audience for long when a movement was made, and the Viceroy and his suite quitted their places to make their re-appearance in Lord Dudley's box. It appears almost incredible, but it is nevertheless strictly true, that a very natural mistake having been made by the beekeepers, a party subsequently arrived, whom to see was to recognize. They had the box given to them for the night, and on finding the Viceroy there, instead of Booking other places, or appropriating Lord Dudley's box, or going home, they actually turned his Highness out of the Royal box, and, in violation of all politeness and hospitality, Eastern or Western, the Viceroy of Egypt had to vacate his place to make way for some private persons. Apparently at the opera the ordinary Englishman and Englishwoman no longer feel bound by the same rules as distinguish his or her conduct in society. I have always believed that it was inconsistent with good manners to stare persistently and for a length of time at any illustrious personage who may happen to be in -a box at the theatre ; but still more I hold it to be an invariable rule at all theatres that no inhabitant of a box is allowed to crane his or her book round the pillar, and either look behind or before the intervening curtain at the neighbouring occupant. Yet I, on this very occasion, perceived most flagrant infractions of these rules, and the unhappy object of this rude inquisitiveness had to take refuge in the back of the Dudley box. I certainly will allow considerable licence to country cousins, or very young ladies, orgentlemonwhohava never been at the opera before ; but these savage and untamed people should be careful always to have- a keeper with them, in the shape of some dowager or resident London acquaintance, who may warn them when they go beyond the bounds of legitimate curiosity, and deter them from the habit of eating ices between the acts, or talking so loud that the audience are obliged to hear their staff conversation instead of the strains Nilsson orTitions. Those annoyances, how- ever, of talkingnndstoringaromoroly ovidoncesofbad taste and rudeness ; but the insult offered to the guest of the Queen and the nation calls for public condemnation, and requires specific apology, The affront offered to his Highness was so flagrant that no one could have been surprised had the Viceroy immediately quitted the house Like a true gentleman, however, he felt his own dignity to be above petty insult, and submitted to be treated as his hosts chose to treat him. The occurrence can hardly have failed to diminish his estimate of English courtesy, and is likely to induce him to forbear from giving his entertainers a second opportunity of treating him in. likomonnor.-2Vis Owl. PROXIES. There are some rumours, which have, however, not progressed beyond the state, of a pro proposal to be made either by the Government or by some Conservative Poor, to add to the Reform Bill a clause abolishing, or at all events modifying, the right of voting by proxy in the House of Lords. Should such a proposal omanotofr"m the Doors thom- solves it will do much to strengthen the prestige of the Upper House, which will certainly require rein foremost in the contests likely to follow the passing of the Bill. Proxy voting as established is a complete anachronism. At a period when the decision of the Lords was paramount, and when Doors were engaged in important duties at long distances, proxies were not only useful, but necessary. But less enemies A great change tout cels. Poors cannot vote by proxy in committee and it is self-evident that a vote recorded without discussion is only worth its material value In 1864 a vote of censure on the Danish question was carried in the House of Lords by the preponderance of proxies over the votes given by the poor present. Common sense revolts at decisions of this nature They merely represent the opinions or prejudices of individuals. No doubt, the opinion of the House of Lords is valuable, as that of men, removed by birth and fortune from the influence of popular passion. But the worth of such opinion is nullified when the vote is given, irrespective of argument, merely at the dictate of political leaders. It is related of the late Bishop of Carlisle that he left the vestry of a church at which he was about to preach a charity sermon on a week day to hold the proxies of spiritual poor on the occasion of the China debate in 1867. The charity suffered, but the Government obtained a majority. This majority elicited from Lord Granville at the Mansion-house a repetition of the venerable dictum, " Thank God we have it Rousse of Lords." In 1864 the position was reversed, and Lord Russell gave vent to the converse ejaculation when reprobating the conduct of the absent poor who had reprobated him. The spontaneous formulation of such an anomaly cannot but stroiigthoa- tho,hereditary branch of the Legislature. -P<iK'm«(( Ginette. 