The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1867. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10. In the Legislative Council— In reply to the Hon. J.T. BAGOT, the Chief Secretary stated that he had nothing to modify in the statement he made during the discussion on the Public Purposes Loan Bill, that if the Bill were not passed he should not desire to remain in the Ministry, or even in tiie colony. A Bill to remove doubts as to the validity of certain payments from the Public Works and Immigration Fimsls was read a first time. The motion of the Hon. J. BL B arrow, for a Commission to take evidence upon red rust and other diseases in wheat, and repcrt thereupon, was carried. The motion of the Chief Secretary-, for the j suspension of the Standing Orders to enable the j Bills before the House to be passed through all their stages without delay, was, after some discussion, withdrawn, with a view to bringing j it on again on Fri-Uy next. The Marriage BUI was read a second time, and upon its going into Committee considera tion was postponed till Thursday next. The report of the Select Committee ou the Police Force was brought op and read. The Insolvent Act Amendment Bill waa read a third time and passed. The Appropriation Bill was read a second time. The Advertisements Rill waa read a second time. The Mineral Leases Bill was received from the House of Assembly and read a first time. Upon the second reading of the Port Wake field Tramway Bill there was a count out. The Council adjourned at a quarter to 5 o'clock, to next day. In the House of Assembly— A number of questions were asked and an ' fiwered, and two papers were laid on the table. An order waa made that all papers or returns ordered by the Honse, if not printed by the time the House was prorogued, should be dis triboted by the Clerks to the members the same as if the House were in session. _ The Licensed Vehicles Act was further con sidered in Committee. The Mineral Rents remission Bill was read a second time and passed through its remaining stages. A message was received from the legislative Council axmimnM-ft the passage of the Insolvent Act Amendment 831, with an amendment. The Treasurer moved the second reading of the Distillation Biil, and daring the debate upon this the House was counted out, about twenty minutes past 4 o'clock, and declared ad journed till next day. - I The Legislative Cou_tcii., on the motion |of the Hon. J. H. Barrow, has resolved to request His Excellency to appoint a Commission to take evidence on the sub ject of rust in wheat and other cereal diseases. Tho motion was supported by the Chief Secretary, tbe Hon. T. Hogarth, Hon. J. Baker, and other members, and was carried unanimously. We may there fore presume that tho Commission will be appointed, and, of course, the sooner the better. We are of opinion that very useful re sults are likely to accrue from the ap pointment of this Commission, if properly constituted and properly conducted. A mass of information can now be obtained from practical farmers in every district of the colony which must— if properly col- ; lated and summarised—be of special value to agriculturists. That this end j would doubtless be attained we feel con- j fident, from the results that have just attended our own enquiries, made—of course—without official authority, and having no official sanction. In answer to circulars addressed from this office to per sons engaged in agriculture or possessing | information on that subject, we may state j that we have received about 150 reports from all parts of the colony; and from the interesting and varied statements em bodied in those reports we are confident that a special Commission —with its supe rior sanction and advantages—would be able to collect a mass of information of signal utility to agriculture. There would be some expense connected with it; but when the importance of the subject is considered we do not believe any one wfll begrudge the small outlay necessary for such an investigation. Large sums of money have been spent in enquiries con nected with the mining interest and the squatting interest, but very little has ever been done by the State for the agri cultural interest; and even if the labors of the Commission should not be produc tive of any very great results, its appoint ment would at least show that the Legis lature do not quite ignore the farming in terest, and are not wholly destitute of sympathy with that class in its heavy misfortunes. Ist a recent number of Eraser's Maga zine there is a very interesting article on the Church and LandQuestion in Ireland. The remarks of the writer are based npon a late work entitled " Ireland and her Churches, by James Godk_n," which, we are told, "has attracted notice not on j account of its ability or the beauty of its language, for in these things it is defi cient, but because it abounds in valuable facts, the accuracy of which is beyond dispute, and in this way it supplies mate rial in a special manner for an important judgment." Perhaps this subject has not a very special interest for the gene rality of colonial readers, but at the same time, whatever affects the welfare of from five to six millions of Her Majesty's sub jects, and especially the people of a country that has provided us with a large portion of' our labor ing population, who unquestionably possess many of those qualities which find free scope for profitable exer cise in a new country, and who, more over, have proved themselves to be good colonists, loyal, peaceable, and indus trious—we cannot but think that what ever concerns the well-being of their native land, is indirectly 'deserving of earnest consideration. After remarking that the attention of Parliament and of reflecting persons has been much directed to Ireland this year (despite the Reform BQI and the absorbing interest which it naturally excited), the Re viewer gives a brief outline of the history of the Irish Churches Bince the introduction of Christianity in the fifth century by St. Patrick, who, it is said, accommodated his teaching to the wants and idea of the people. The pro gress that was thus made was, if not productive of any striking results, at least in harmony with the popular senti ment, and it gradually became a part of the national life, depending more for its strength on the affections of the people than an the power of an orga nised hierarchy. But this salutary state of affairs was destined to pass away. About the middle of the eleventh century the old Irish Church had fallen into lamentable disorder, having suffered much from the inroads of the Danish invaders, and at the Norman Conquest it received its deadliest blow. The Norman colo nists and their English successors de nounced the primitive Church with all the unrelenting bigotry of the age, and set up the Anglo-Norman in its stead. They divided the country into sees and parishes, appointed bishops, established tithes, previously unknown, set up a regular spiritual hierarchy, and dis countenanced, if not proscribed, the ancient worship. Tbe two Churches thus set side by side were always in mutual hostility, the one representing " the power of a caste," the other " the love of a vanquished race, " and this notwithstanding both were in com munion with Rome. At the Reformation, the former, or as it was then called, the Church of the English Pale, after several changes, finally became Protestant in the reign of Elizabeth, while the latter ad hered to the Church of Rome. " Thus the Church of the Pale was transferred into the Irish Establishment; the Irish Church retaining its faith; and the strife of religion was now added to that of race in the two communions." It cannot be doubted that from that time to the present this strife of religion has been the primary, though not the only cause of disaffection in Ireland, and the more the question is studied the more apparent is the injustice on which rests the present ecclesiastical system of that country. Not content with extending its influence by means consistent with its professed cha racter, the establishment increased its hold on the Irish soil by confiscation and the sword. Every effort was made to secure its ascendancy, but it remained as it still does, the Church of a class only, and neither wealth, nor power, nor con quest could induce the people to come within its fold. On the other hand the Irish Church, which included the great mass of the people, remained true to their ancient traditions, heedless alike of per secution, poverty, or suffering. During the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries the Irish Catholics were held in subjec tion by a penal code of inhuman severity. Desp-iled by Elizabeth, exposed to per secution by James 1., struck down by the sword of Cromwell, despised, trampled on, and insulted, it still lost none of its moral power, and continued to retain its hold on the Irish nation. After referring to the various apologies that have been offered from time to time by statesmen and others forthe continuance of the Irish Es tablishment, the Reviewer informs us that its endowments are from £600,000 to £700,000 annually, and these are appro priated for the exclusive benefit of less than 700,000 persons out of a population of nearly six millions; and with a view to show what are the results of the Estab lishment, he tells us that notwithstand ing its " long ascendancy and favorable position" the proportion of its adherents is lamentably small, varying in different places from 3 to 15 per cent, of the popu lation- Among its clergy the rich are over paid, and its curates straggling with poverty; "it possesses a vast array of deans and chapters of extinguished sees, who do nothing for the offices they en joy;" its church accommodation is in sufficient, and the churches themselves often squalid and neglected, while its re sources are needlessly wasted. "Com pare now," says the Reviewer, "with this state of things the condition of the other Churches in Ireland. The mem bers of the Nonconformist communions exceed considerably 500,000 souls; and the Presbyterian Churches are, though almost unendowed, flourishing. Bat the grand contrast is when we consider that which in truth, if not in law books, is the real Church of the Irish people. The Roman Catholic Church in Ireland, if we except the miserable pittance of May nooth, receives nothing whatever from the State; yet it contains 4,500,000 mem bers out of a population of 5,700,000. These 4,500,000 persons form the poorest community perhaps in Europe ; yet they have raised their Church from its fallen estate, and have enriched it by then voluntary bounty. The Roman Catholic Church in Ireland possesses considerable external pomp; its temples 6pread all over the land; its religious societies axe numerous and increasing; and the immense sum of £5,000,000 has been expended since 1800 upon various uses connected with it. Of its spiritual power it is needless to speak; it maintains a large Episcopate and hierarchy, and a vast body of secular and regular clergy, whose energy and influ ence are well known, and the zeal and reality of its ministrations are obvious to those who have ever observed them. These axe broad facts which cannot be denied, and whatever may be thought of the teachings of this Church, or of the occasional violence of some of its minis ters, they cannot be disregarded by statesmen. " For ourselves," observes the Reviewer, "we may be allowed to say that however we dissent from the doc trines of Rome, and however unfortunate in some respects may have been the authority of the Irish priesthood, we believe the Roman Catholic Church has been an inestimable blessing to Ireland and her rulers. That Church, during dark and evil times, kept the mass of the Irish people Christians; and the State owes that Church a debt for this which political arithmetic can hardly calculate." Turning now briefly to the land question we find this part of the subject is dso treated historically, and the principal events related which gave rise to the Irish land system—a system which, next to the Establishment, has been a constant source of discontent and un haipiness. Nor is this surprising, seeing thit it formerly rested " on a basis of re iterated confiscations, resulting from the repeated inroads of the English apon the Irish race, and from long and sanguinary wars of religion," and until the year 1779 all commerce in land was checked and prohibited. Since that time the removal of all restrictions, the adoption of equal laws, and the abolition of many exclusive privileges have produced a marked im provement. A Roman Catholic proprietary has become firmly rooted to the soil, the peasantry are in a much better position than they were 50 years ago, the poor j have more of the comforts of life, and the land itself is better tilled. Still, however, there is comparatively little to rejoice over, and the relations between the owners and occupiers of the soil is anything but satisfactory. Complaints are constantly made of exorbitant rents, of precarious tenures, and sometimes of confiscated improvements, and a general sense of insecurity exists. Schemes for reform are not wanting, and have been advocated with considerable ability; but, unless we are greatly mistaken, the evils which it is most essential to remove are such as lie beyond the reach of immediate legislation. They axe the growth of cen turies, and have been fostered by ani mosities which time alone can destroy. Not, indeed, that good statesmanship. and wise legislation would be without I effects. There is so much deep-seated mischief to be undone that for years to come it will find plenty of room! for such benefits as it has the power to confer. What is most needed is sym pathy between the owners and occupiers of the soil, mutual forbearance and tole ration in religious matters, and the j gradual elevation of the people from their present impoverished condition. When these things are accomplished—and the time may not be so distant as might be supposed, judging from the history of the past—lreland will not have to seek in vain for redress from the wrongs which have hitherto marked her career. j 