MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1867. The friends of the Government are exceedingly anxious to have the public believe that the quarrel between the two Houses has been provoked, less in the interests of Sir CHARLES DARLING and of his advisers, than for the pur- pose of asserting the right of the As- sembly to exclusive control in all matters of finance. Those peripatetic Scotchmen who during the last fort- night have been going the round of the suburbs, havo studiously concealed their zeal for Mr. M'CULLOCH, and have one and all declared their object to be to prevent the power of the purso being wrested from the Lower House. They have taken for granted that any interference of the Council "KI money matters must be disastrous, an'd that if the Assembly only be left to-do as the majority of its members please, the finances of the colony will bo wisely and economically administered, and every care will bo taken that the public funds shall not be applied to mischievous or improper purposes. It is unneces- sary to consider the first of these assumptions. It will be quite time enough to raise the question, whether the interference of the Council in money matters will be injurious or beneficial when that body manifests a disposition to interfere ; for it must be apparent to every candid observer of the present dis- pute, that it is to the policy of reward- i ing an ox-Governor, and not to the ex- penditure of £20,000, that the Council object. But the other assumption in- volves questions of immediate interest and immense importance. Does the Assembly faithfully perform its finan- cial functions ; does it exercise a rigid supervision over the public expenditure ; docs it jealously guard its rights in this respect from encroachment, and insist on having the sole control of the mone- tary affairs of the colony ? Wo havo no doubt that thore are plenty of zealous, but not overwiso or remarkably prudent, Ministerialists, who will promptly answer all these questions in the affirmative. The Assembly-has allowed the Government to borrow money, levy and remit taxes, enter into contracts, and mako payments in any way the Government might think fit. Therefore, these zealots would say the Assembly kos shown itself most com i potent to control the public finances, ,and most exemplary in its administra- tion of them. If this -view of the matter be a sound one-if the control of the finances consists in allowing the Minis- try to raise and expend moneys as they please, and in studiously abstaining from taking notice of any illegalities or irregularities which the Ministry may resort to-then we must admit that the Assembly docs discharge its financial functions in a proper and satisfactory manner. But it is impossible to assent to this view, and it is equally impossible to discover any other theory upon which the public can, or at least ought to, be satisfied Yvith the exercise of this most important function by the As- sembly. To show that we have good grounds for this opinion, it is quite unnecessary to go back to the gross violations of the Audit and Customs Acts Yvhich the Assembly acquiesced in in 1865. We have but to turn to the report of the audit commissioners for last year, which has been but lately issued, to discover that .the Assembly wilfully re- fuses at the present time to take any notice of scandalous irregularities in connexion with the public revenue and expenditure, although those irregularities have been plainly pointed out and forci- bly commented on by the commissioners. These functionaries aro required by the 47th section of the Audit Act to report to the Assembly every transaction YvMch may appear to them illegal or irregular ; it being assumed that the Assembly would pay as much regard to such fea- tures of the report as would the share- holders of a company who Yvere informed by their auditors that the accounts were in confusion, or that the directors had been misapplying the funds. But Yvhat Yvill the Ministerial "champions of the Assembly say when they learn that the report to Yvhich YVO refer Yvas laid on the table on the 20th August, that it shovv's that a large sum Yvas paid last year without the authority of Parliament, and that up to the present time but one member, and that a prominent Op- positionist, has referred to it. The Admirable CRICHTONS who composed the majority, heard Yvith compla- cent indifference that the commis- sioners reported that £5,974 Os. 6d. had been paid to a member of the House, " Yvithout the authority of a vote " of the Assembly." But let us see Yvhat are the facts. In September last, the commissioners Yvere called upon to countersign a warrant for the amount just mentioned, to satisfy tYvo judgments Yvith costs, viz., J, DWYER, contractor, "4,29512s. 9d.; andMoLLOY and CASEY, contractors, £1,G7S 7s. 9d. These judgments had been obtained under ' an aYvard of arbitrators, and the Attorney General confessed judgment. Before signing the warrant, the commissioners addressed to the Treasurer a memoran- dum, Yvhich Yvill be found at length in another column. In this they pointed out :-1. That thisYvas the first instance, so far as they knew, in Yvhich a Minister had consented to refer to arbitra- tion claims to cover Yvhich there Yvas no \'otc ; 2. That of Mr. DYVYER'S claim absolutely no par I ticulars were furnished ; 3. That they Yvere informed that the claim Df MOLLOY and CASEY was for extra Yvork on two contracts entered into in 1862, but in regard to Yvhich all the moneys voted had been paid, with the exception of "327, yet the department had incurred a further liability of £1,351 YY'ithout any authority whatever; 4. That the commissioners are compelled to report, to quote their OYVH YY'ords,-" We have " no means of knowing Yvhether any " servico was in these cases ever por " formed, or whether these claims wore " made bona fide or otherwise." Here surely is sufficient to Yvarrant the immediate consideration of the matter; jior should the fact that the amount of the tYvo claims was paid, not to the parties, but to Mr. KYTE, M.L.A., have operated otherwise than as an ad- ditional reason for inquiry into the case. And the circumstances under which the arbitration Yvas granted should also have been investigated ; for it has been pretty broadly hinted, on more than one occa- sion in the House, that Mr. KYTE Yvas the real contractor, and that DYVYER'S claim was made up by including an amount which a court of laYV had pre- viously declared he Yvas not entitled to ; and besides this, it was knoYvn that Mr. SANDS, late member for Dalhousie, had been concerned in the arbitration. But norie of these considerations are suffi- ciently cogent to induce the majority Yvhich Mr. HIGINBOTIIAM. incites to assault the Council, to inquire into a matter, an exposure of which must in- evitably damage the Ministry and one of their most prominent supporters, and must shoYV but too clearly that the control of the Assembly over the public finances is nothing but a delusion and a sham. Nor is this the only irregularity Yvhich the commissioners refer to in the pre- sent report. In that for 180 3, they pointed out that the unexpended balance of the sums specially appro- priated to immigration, ought to be suffered to accumulate, since there YY'as no warrant for alloYving them to go into the consolidated revenue. In the ro port now before us, they once moro call attention to the subject, and ask that a final decision upon the question shall bo arrived at. They also mention again the uncollected customs duties of 1865, and remark, that until there shall exist some legal authority for writing off this sum of £61,617 16s. 6d., the Treasurer's accounts will be wrong to that extent. It may be said that it is unreasonable to expect those who disapprove of im- migration, and Yvho' abetted the Go- vernment in making aYvay with that sixty odd thousand pounds, to tako any l steps towards rectifying the illegal doings in regard to the immigration fund and the uncollected duties. If it bo not unreasonable to expect this, wo aro quite of opinion that it is absurd. But what, in the face of their refusal to deal with these im- portant subjocts, can wo say of the public purse-bearers? Of no sort of fraud or irregularity will thoy tako notice. Illegal remission of dobts duo to tho CroYvn they connivo at; to illegal if not collusive judgments thoy are not averse; in contracts made without Parliamentary sanction they will acquiesce; of loans effected in de- fiance of the law, they will not com- plain ; and to payments made to Minis- terial members, for which service may or may not have been rendered to tho state, they have no objection. In the face of this, is it not arrant hypocrisy to pretend that the present attack upon the Council is made in the interests of the public, and with a view to secure a thorough supervision of the public finances { The mail from England, which the Peninsular and Oriental Company have just brought within reach with such admirable punctuality, is distinguished from those which havo preceded it for very many months by its non-sensa- tional character. If we except the in- telligence from Mexico, it scarcely offers an item of a positive character on which, to hang a remark ; and yet, as a whole the news is eminently satisfactory. It is now apparent that we are in- debted to American ingenuity for the only two disquieting iteni3 of the late summary of news received via Panama. Fenianism, as we learn has not shown itself in any marked manner in Ireland during the month ? and the sensational proposal of a con- ference on the wrongs of Ireland by the Czar of KUSSIA, Í3 the fabrication of some New York inventor of news. It purported to have been received in New York per Atlantic cable on the day of the departure of the mail vessel from that city for the Isthmus. We have now exactly a month's later new3 from England, and nothing is said of any communication of the kind having been made to the British Government by the CZAR'S representative. A sus- picion was pretty general, when the stoiy received currency, that it was a Yankee witticism, and so we find it. The chief items of the English news are those which report the passage of the Ref orni Bill through the House of Lords, and the passing of the Church Hates Abolition Bill by the Commons. The Lords, it appears, amended the first named bill in various ways, which the Commons disliked, and rejected the alterations accordingly. Unless the tele- graph has misinformed us, however, a veiy important principle has beeii con- ceded by the Commons in the ac- ceptance of an amendment intro- duced at the instance of Lord (late Sir HUGH) CAIRNS, embodying the prin- ciple of the representation of minorities. "We are not told how this idea is to be worked out, and we must wait another month before we shall learn any- thing definite on the subject ; but it is undoubtedly a very strong encourage- ment to persevere to those who have laboured earnestly, as we have done, iu the advocacy of the right of the mino- rity in the state to possess a propor- tionate amount of representation in the councils of the country, that the House of Commons has conceded so much, While it has rejected the voting-papers and other useless appendages of the system of voting followed here. The bill seems to be accepted in England by the working-classes as a substantial and valuable concession of their claims; and it will prove so if, as is calculated, the system of household suffrage which it embodies will add to the list of voters at least a million of the more valuable members of the working and labouring classes. The second bill to which we have alluded is only less im- portant than the Reform Bill ; and we trust it has been passed on this occasion 'by a majority sufficiently large to induce the House of Lords to forego ' its objection to the measure. It is a concession which the more conservative of the Church party havo long and warmly resisted. It marks at once the growing power in the state of the se ceders from the Church, and the pre- valence of more liberal ideas within the pale of the Establishment itself. After such an admission of the injustice of taxing a people for the support o£ a religious institution to which they do not belong, and in which they have no faith, it will bo impossible much longer to retain the establishment of the Church of England in Ireland] and with its reduction to the state of a church which has only the goodwill of its mem- bers to look to for support, Irish grievance-mongers will lose one of their most powerful cards, and one of the few legitimate causes of dis- satisfaction with the system of govern- ment that exists in Ireland will be re- moved. For the rest of the English news, it may be comprised in the remark that England's foreign guests havo been magnificently feted and sent away in I good humour, that money is abundant and cheap, that the revenue and trado are increasing, and that the prospect of [ a good harvest was in store, while those Australian speculators who ventured to ship wheat and flour to that market havo lucidly fallen upon good times, a rise of from 3s. to 4s. per quarter having oc- curred in Mark-lane in consequence of the shortness of supplies. It appears that in tho early part of tho month the old rumours of difficulties between France and Prussia had revived with new strength, but the latest intelligence happily reported that these fears had again subsided. The aspect of affairs, in short, was moro peaceable and promising than it has been for ft length of time. Even Denmark was in hopeful communication with the Go- vernment of Berlin as to the protection of the . German residents in North Schleswig, lately conceded by the Prus- sian conqueror to the Danish King Tho Eastern difficulty has been settled for the timo by the success of the Turks in reducing the Cretans to submission. Now that the sword has dono its work, it is probable that the recurrence of such an outbreak will bo provontod by the labours of the great powora in conference on the condition of tho Christian subjects of tho Porto. The news from Mexico affords the only dark colour in the picture. The particulars now to hand as to the death of MAXIMILIAN do not losson the fooling of horror which tho first- news of that atrocity excited. Ho diod like a soldier, but there is little roason, wo fear, to hope that his dying prayer will be answered—that his death might stop the effusion of blood in that unhappy country. ESCOBADO, a leader of the revolutionary party, is chargeable, even more than JUAREZ, with the ?crime of that murder, and he appears to have added to it a sanguinary butchery, only to be paralleled in the history of Moxico itself. A policy is attributed to him Yvhich has for its sole object the expulsion" or extermination of all fo- reigners in Mexico. We are noYv in- formed-but it is only natural to hope that the talc Í3 a gross exaggeration that 1,800 of these unhappy residents were shot in a body by ESCOBADO'S .orders ; and that the Yrhole of the foreign consulates Yvere broken into and pillaged, apparently with the hope of .discovering evidence against foreign residents of encouraging the empire, .or, at all events, of discouraging the revolutionists. Diplomatic relations with some of the European powers had been suspended, and the flag of the United States had been insulted to an .extent which would probably be accepted as sufficient to provoke a reneYval of the war Yvith Mexico-this time Yvith the undisguised object of adding that coun- try to the territory of the United States. 'That such a fate should overtake a nation so incapable of self- government; .so wavering, so unstable, so barbarous, and blood-thirsty-would be a just retri- bution and punishment for its offences .against the genius of civilisation. The Alcxandia, Yvith. the South*Australian portion of the English mail of tho 2Cth of .July, reached Glenelg yesterday afternoon, two days before time. Tho Avoca, which brought the mail from Ceylon, reached the .'Sound on the 4th inst., havingsailed from Gallo onthclOthult. (two days carlierthanherpropor date), and bhe maintained tho advantage in the run down the Indian Ocean, though steaming all the Yvay against very heavy south-cast trade Yvinds. The Avoca is due in Welbourne on the 12th inst., but probably will reach Hobson's Bay at an early hour on the rooming of the 10th (Tuesday.) Wo abo received yesterday, per Rangitoto, from Wel- lington, American, Californian, and Panama files, as well as our files from the New Zealand ports. The You Yangs also brought us Panama and Sydnoy papers. From theso .journals wo make a few extracts, which Yvill be found in another column. It may interest our readers to know that the total amount of private subscriptions for the Duff children exceeded £300 ; that this sum is now lying as a fixed deposit at the Colonial Bank, Geelong, in the names of trustees ; that Jane Duff is now well cared for as a boarder at a good school at Horsham, and that her brothers are day scholars at the same establishment. Mr. Wilson, of Vectis, kindly supplements the yearly interest derived from the fixed deposit with a liberal amount, which is sufficient to defray the charges for board and education. This being the case, Mr. Daniell's present, which is still at the Hobson's Bay Company's office, should be sent to Jane through Mr. Wilson, who is one of the trustees to the fund. We may add that through that gentleman, some time since, several of the Sunday-school children of Gee- long forwarded to Jane Duff a handsomely bound bible, the cost of which was raised by a penny subscription. There is just now being exhibited in the shop window of Mr. Goskell, taxider . mist, of Elizabeth-street, a remarkably fino living specimen of what is commonly . called the " vauipyro-bat." This bat Las a body something like a squirrel's, a peculiar system of dentition, and mem- branous wings, generally identical with those of the commoner bats. Liko others of that tribe he is a nocturnal, and hanging in bis cage head downwards, suspended by his feet, is a singular and interesting object. Although these bats are generally called vampyres, they do not really belong to tho Phyllosloma of South America, whose blood . sucking propensities, when driven by hunger, bave been sometimes most inconveniently, if not dangerously, demonstrated, and as a matter of course, fearfully exaggerated by tra- vellers. Mr. Gaskell's "vampyre"is,wubelieve, o.2>teropus, and being essentially f rugi verous, is only dangerous to fruit. LTis fellows have been known to do considerable damage to the vines and peaches in the Heidelberg dis- trict. The French call them roussettes, and tho namo might perhaps well be made the familiar appellation here. They aro not often . caught alive, being savage little things, but Mr. Gaskell's specimen is pretty quiet and contented in his confinement, and when we saw him last was hanging at his ease, play- fully dallying with a morsel of orange. The steeple-vanes of the city seem to be considerably at variance as to the direction of the south and north poles. So considerable is this difference, that while the vane on the flagstaff at the Town-hall reports the wind to bo blowing from the south, that on the bell tower of the newly-erected Independent church, not far distant, asserts with equal positiveness that the direction of the wind is south-east. As observers in matters of wind and weather like to be informed accurately, it might be as well that the city surveyor should ascertain whether the town vane is right or wrong, before the last of the scaffold- ing is removed from the new tower of the church. At a meeting of the Council of the Victorian Rifle Association, held on Friday last, it was unanimously decided to placo fivo of the rc .cently impoited match Whitworth rifles in the hands of Captain Couchman and Messrs. Johnson, Lacey, M'Ewan, and M'Naughton, provided that those gentlemen would promise to go to Sydney if selected to represent Vic- toria by the Council of tho Victoria Rifle Association. It Yvas further determined to bold competitions on Thursday and Friday next, for tho pnrposo of deciding in whoso bands tho balance of tho match rifles should bo placed, as the council consider it desirable that soma sixteen or eighteen volunteers ? should constantly practico together prior to tho final selection of the team. In theso competi- tions tho council will próvido about eighteen match rifles ; each competitor will fire ten rounds, at 200 and 500 yards. Messrs. M 'Clure, .and J. W. Fawcett (already in possession of match rifles) havo, YVO are glad to hear, signi- fied their Yvillintmcss to proceed to Sydnoy, 'but Captain Tomploton is unablo to join tho team on this occasion. Tho first practico will bo held, at Sandridge Butts, on Saturday next, at ono p.m., Yvhon ten rounds will bo fired at tho 200, 500, and 800 yards ranges. The annual general meeting of tho members of the Melbourne Cricket Club was held, in the pavilion on the club ground, on Saturday afternoon. Mr. T. F. Hamilton, the president, took the chair. It appeared from the report of the managing committee that during the past season the number of subscribers had decreased from 294 to 228, making a deficiency in the receipts under that head of £135. Some other items of estimated revenue had also not been realised, and there was a deficiency of £210 to be met, but tho committee felt confident that if their successors would endeavour to produce none but good matches on tho ground, and insist upon the punctual attendance of the players, the apathy of which the retiring committee had to com- plain would be followed by a reaction. During tho winter recess the ladies' reserve had been considerably extended, an enlarge- ment which the attractions of the forthcom- ing season- which included an intercolonial match and a possible visit from the Duke of Edinburgh-would no doubt justify. The play of the last season showed some improvement. There had been more club matches, only one of which was lost, and the ground had been occupied by a great number of first-class matches. A statement of the bowling and batting averages for the season 1800-7 was appended. In batting, R. W. Wardill appeared first, S. Cosstick second, B. J. Wardill third, and thirteen of the players had double figures. In bowling, V. Cameron showed best on paper, his cost for one wicket being only five runs and eleven over ; but it was doubtful if his ave- rage was really better than Handfield's or Wardill's, both these gentlemen having bowled in more matches, the former at a cost of 6.20 and the latter of 6.27 to the wicket. Cosstick's average, considering that he bowled in few but the very best matches, was undeniably good ; whilst Conway in club matches did not appear to have been so successful as usual. The committee acknow- ledged the receipt of £20 from the Vic- torian Cricketers' Association, towards the salary of S. Cosstick, the club's professional bowler, without which they would not have felt justified in engaging him at his present salary of £150 per annum. The committee regretted to have to record the loss of the services of Rowland Newberry, who for a number of years had discharged the duties of pavilion-keeper in the most satisfactory manner. He resigned on the 31st July, and the committee had not yet filled the vacancy. Some discussion took place as to the cause of the falling-off in the num- bers of the club, and the general impression seemed to be that many more would become subscribers if the rules of admission to the pavilion were strictly enforced. With reference to the crushing and crowding round the pavi- lion on great match days, Mr. G. W. Rusden mentioned that the aboriginal cricketers were so much annoyed by tho people pressing round them that they exclaimed, "These fellows have got no manners; they have never been in the bush." The report and balance-sheet were ultimately received, and adopted; and it was agreed, on the motion of Mr. Pavey, "that the provisions of Rule 5 be strictly applied to those who have not paid their subscriptions under Rule 7. " The presi- dent, vice-president, secretary, and treasurer were then re- elected, and the ballot for a managing committee for the ensuing year resulted in the election of the following: Messrs. D. S. Campbell, R. W. Wardill, W. H. Hull, Plummer, Kelly, Pickersgill, and V. Cameron. The proceedings then termi- nated. A meeting of purchasers of forfeited shares in the Lady Don Company, Ballarat, lately sold by auction by Mi. Knipe, met at his office, Collins-street, on Saturday, to consider what course they should adopt, as the scrip was -withheld by the directors. It appeared that, by order of the board, the auctioneer sold the shares by public auction on the 28th of last month, in the presence of the legal manager, who had put a reserved price on tho shares, which had been exceeded. The purchasers had paid their deposits, got the usual sales-notes, and signed accep£ances of the shares, the scrip of which was subsequently forwarded to the auctioneer, signed by the chairman and manager, but not sealed. It -was returned to have the seal affixed, and was then withheld, on the ground that the manager was not au- thorised to reserve so low a price. They still held the acceptances of the purchasers, and the auctioneer, on behalf of the directors, still held the deposits. The extraordinary course pursued by the board was the subject of strong comment, and the majority of the pur- chasers present agreed to put the matter in the hands of a solicitor, unless the scrip was at once delivered. ' We have received several letters in reference to the election of the surgeon of the Asylum for the Blind, which we aro compelled by pressure on our space to hold over. The City Council will meet this afternoon, when they will consider a recommendation from the Prince's Reception Committee to .the effect that His Royal llighncss the Duke of Edinburgh be asked to do the council the honour of laying the foundation-stone of the town-hall, and that, in anticipation of such request being complied with, authority be given for the manufactuic of a trowel for use on the occasion, and at a cost of £150. The committee w ill also recommend the prepara- tion of a transparency for the illumination of the Swanston-strcet front of the fish market, at a cost of £100. The Market Committee will recommend the erection of additional yards and other works at the abattoirs at a cost of about £205, and will also urgo the de- sirability of making further repairs to the Eastern Market sheds. Tho committee con- sider that the author of the design for the cattle market-yards, marked " Non quo, sed quo modo," should be paid £20 for tho plans furnished by him, and have framed a recom- mendation to that effect. The Royal Society holds its usual monthly meeting this evening, when Professor M'Coy will give a shortdiscourso on "Tho Character of the Species of Wombats," an interesting subject to the students of Australian natural history. This will bo preceded by a paper entitled "The Ethics of Opinion," a literary production, by Mr. H. K. Rusden, postponed from the last night of meeting. Tho second part of vol. 8 of tho Transactions will be shortly sent to the press, a few papers on practical subjects having first to bo read in the order deposited with the secretary of tho society. On Saturday next tho members of tho East Melbourne Artillery Corps commonco a com- petition for their second challenge trophy, valued at £10. The conditions of the match are tho samo as those of the challengo match of the Victorian Rifle Association of lost year, namely, soven shots each at 200, 500, and 000 yards, in tho Hythe position, with the reduced boro Lancaster rifles, with tho alterations in them allowed by the colonel commandant. Membors contesting for the trophy will bo obliged to fire in four out of six practico matches, when tho marksman who has made the bestaggregato scoro will bo declared the winner. Tho object of tho match is to induco tho men to practico with their Lancasters, as this weapon has beon alto- gether neglected by thom previously to tho allowed alterations boing effected. About thirty members of The Argus print- ing staff assembled at a déjeuner at the Argus Ilotol, Collins-street, on Saturday, to bid farewell to ono of their number, Mr. D. M. George, who has long been connected with the office, and held in tho highest esteem by all who have been associated with him. The scene of his futuro labours will bo tho Warrnambool Examiner, where ho will head the printing staff. The Supicmo Court, in banco, on Satur- day, delivered judgmont in the great rail- way contractors' case of Evans and others v. The Queen, a potition of right as to tho Goo- long and Ballarat Railway similar to that of Cornish and Bruce v. Tlt& Queen as to tho Mclbourno and Sandhuist Railway. Tho petition was filed in 1862 to recovor £140,000, tho alleged balance duo on tho completion of tho railway undor tho contract for making it, dated in July, 1858. In tho record, as originally framed, nino pleas were pleaded by tho Crown, raising many questions on tho contract and tho specifications attached to it, which aro instruments very confusedly rogulating tho various and complicated rela- tions of tho pai ties on so immense a work. Tho petitioners demurred in law to two of the pleas of tho Crown, and tho Crown in its turn domuricd to two of tho replications of tho petitioners. These cross demurrers wore decided by tho Supreme Court in March, 1803\. Tho deoision was appcalod from to tho Privy Council, and tho docision of that tri- bunal was not pronounced till February, 1800\. Tho Crown thon obtained leave to plead new pleas. Cross demurrers wcro agai delivered on both sides, and were heard by ti Supreme Court in March last ; and it is c these demurrers that tho judgment of ti Court is now given. The Court has decide on all points in favour of the Crown. Five youths, about fourteen years of ag Yvcro brought before the City Court on Satu day, charged with stealing two copper boiler belonging to Messrs. Walton Brothers, Fitzro; Tho lads took the property from the yan and disposed of it to a marine-storekeeper fe 15s. They wore remanded till Tuesday. Til value of the boilers was about £7. The death of a woman named Mary Bradj wifo of a man named Philip Brady, of Sout Brighton, has been reported to the distrit coroner, Mr. Candlor. The deceased wt delivered of a still-born child on tho night c tho 3id inst., and early on the morning of th 4th sho expired suddenly. The inquest he not yet been held, and as considerable negl gencc is imputed to ono of the medical atten dants further details of the occurrence wil be desirable, and will no doubt be furnishei in an inquiry before the coroner. The attention of tho constable on duty a Prince's-biidgc was directed to a crovíd c persons at the junction of the Saudridge-roac yesterday morning^ On proceeding to th place the constable'ascertained that a littl girl named Cane had received some seriou flesh Yvounds in the face, from which bloo Yvaa flowing copiously. The litllo sufferer wo unable to furnish any account of the causo o her wounds, but from tho hesitating an evasive answers of a cabman who was presen! ample reason was afforded to suspect that th child had been run over by a cab. The chu Yvas immediately conveyed to the hospita Yvhere the requisito medical treatment wo afforded. On Saturday afternoon, shortly before foi! o'clock, a fire broke out in a three-storic building in Latrobe-strcet, between King an Spencer streets, used as a cocoa and chocolat manufactory. Tho 'alarm was quickly take! to the Bourkc-street Fire-station and Town hall, but by the time tho fire brigades coul reach the scene, the flames had burst throug] tho roof, and before the fire could bo ox tinguished the whole of the upper portion o the building Yvas totally destroyed. Mi Charles Bates, who is tho occupier, and wh lives on the premises, had left them shortl after two o'clock, taking his family with him At that time all appeared to bo safe. Thor is an insurance effected on tho stock am machinery Yvith the Imperial Fire-office fo £800. The building is owned by the Aus tralian Trust Company, and it is not knovvi whether they were insured. How the fir originated is at present a mystery. The last returns of tho Melbourne Gac show a total of 3G8 persons detained there The classification of these is as follows : Committed for and awaiting trial, 17 ; undo remand from magistrates, 20 ; undersentenc -road gang.l ; hard labour, 170 ; imprison ment only, 10G ; lunatics, 17 ; in default o bail, 22 ; debtors, 0. Altogether, 277 male and 91 females. An inquest Yvas commenced in Geelong oi 'Saturday on the body of a man named Spir -Lazzeronho, drowned bl Corio Bay on Thurs day, but YVOS postponed till next Tuesday fo the evidence of a mato of the deceased, wto narrowly escaped the same fate, ashephen on the station of Mr. Austin, North Shore and the party in charge of the lightship. Si far as the evidence Yvcnt, it appeared tha there must have been some neglect on boan the lightship, the boat being capsized ii sight or Yvithin 250 yards of tho ship, am the Yvind blowing favourably at the time fo hearing the erics of the unfortunate man. At the Geelong Police Court, on Saturday Joseph Whelan was charged with highway robbery under arms, and attempt at murder. Sergeant Bookey appeared on behalf of the Crown. The depositions taken at Williams- town Police Court, from whence the prisoner was remanded, were read over; and Sergeant Bookey asked for a remand for seven days in order to give him time to get up the case. On the mayor asking the prisoner if he could give any reason why he should not be re- manded, prisoner stated that he did not see why he should be apprehended at all, as he was at home when the deed was done. On being reminded that he was only arrested on suspicion, the prisoner made a rambling statement respecting his interview with the apprehending constable. The remand was granted. The police court was densely crowded. The prisoner was taken to the hospital during the forenoon, and at once identified by Bramley as the man who com- mitted the outrage. The prisoner was de- scribed to the police as having false teeth, but he had taken the precaution to remove these prior to being apprehended, doubtless with the view of escaping detection. A mounted-trooper of Albury, named Hogan, while out riding on Wednesday, was thrown from his horse, and pitched head- foremost on to a heap of stones, one of which inflicted a fearful gash from the temple down the side of his face, severing a large artery. He lay insensible and bleeding copiously for two hours, and on regaining his senses crawled along the road for about a mile, in a very enfeebled condition, until he reached the nearest house, where his wound was dressed. He was afterwards sent to the Albury Hos- pital. Hopes are entertained of his re- covery. A new line of coaches has commenced to run between Ballan, Gordons, and Egerton and Melbourne. By making an early start from Ballan, the capital can be reached and the return journey made in one day, at a cost of only 27s. A Geelong paper states that a number of gentlemen have determined upon the erec- tion of an educational establishment at the You Yangs, considering the position to be very healthy and otherwise advantageous. A most noisy meeting was held in Geelong on Saturday. It was convencd "to consider which of the candidates is most deserving of our support, as many of the friends of the Ministerial cause fear that by a division of interest an antagonist may creep in and mis- represent the county." The convenor of the meeting was voted to the chair. About eighty persons were present, of whom about one half only were from the country. The chair- man having opened the meeting by reading the advertisement, called upon the electors present to address the meeting. Each speaker then gave a speech in favour of his own pet candidate, amid the constant interruptions of those holding opposite views. One elector made a somewhat serious charge against Mr. C. Campbell, of not paying cartage of wool some sixteen years ago, and it was with the greatest difficulty that a gentleman in the meeting was allowed to say a word against the un-English mode of making a charge while the accused was not present, and in defence of Mr. Campbell's character for honour and integrity. Along and exceedingly noisy discussion ensued as to the best mode of ascertaining the views of the electors with respect to the candidates— some thinking the meeting should not have been called, others that the meeting should separate with the understanding that each elector should vote as he pleased; but it was ultimately arranged, amidst continued de- monstrativeness, that the names of the candi- dates should be put before the meeting sepa- rately, those in favour of their particular can- didate to hold up their hands. Mr. William Stutt's name was first called, and sixty-six hands were held up for him. For Mr. Camp- bell two, and for the other candidates none. Three cheers were given for the Ministry, and groans for Mr. Graham Berry, who seemed particularly obnoxious to a portion of the meeting. The decision arrived at, of course, is no reflex whatever of the opinions of the bulk of the constituency of South Grant, so few of their number being present. Mr. Graham Berry addressed about seven persons at the town-hall on Saturday; his Worship the Mayor in the chair. Mr. Berry explained his conduct while in the House in opposing the tack, and stated that, having fought hard for the liberal cause, by opposing Mr. Campbell, and arguing with him at four consecutive meetings, he considered he ought to be elected in preference to Mr. Stutt, whose candidature he as first treated as a joke. The "take all" alluded to a few days since as having been found destroying the early crops on the Barrabool-hills, has now attacked the crops on many other farms in the same district, and has also appeared at Modewarre. It is proposed to hold a battalion parade in Geelong about the 25th inst., and to invite the corps of Melbourne and Ballarat to be present. It is stated that, in the event of a dissolu- tion of Parliament, Mr. John Macintyre, the mayor of Sandhurst, will contest the election of that borough. We regret to observe from the New Zea- land papers, that the news of the suspension of Captain Machin, of the Panama Company ocean steamship Kaikoura, has been com- firmed. It appears that as the vessel ap- proached Wellington—when off Palliser Bay —Captain Machin came out of his cabin about midnight, evidently intoxicated. He gave orders which, if carried out, would have run the vessel ashore on an iron-bound coast, and he was so obviously incapable of command- ing the ship that the chief officer was forced to interfere and take charge. Captain Machin afterwards, it appears, fell from the bridge and injured himself. He was tried on a criminal information, and the court with re- gret, on account of his previous good conduct, cancelled his certificate. The following telegraphic despatch is dated Wellington, 29th August:—"A despatch from the Duke of Buckingham was laid on the table, and the House adjourned to allow members to call at Government-house. The despatch shortly acknowledges the receipt of despatches relative to military affairs, but, as the troops and general had probably left, deems it unnecessary to renew the corre- spondence thereon, and concludes thus:— 'With regard to the ultimate disposal of the 18th Regiment, I await the arrival of the next mail, in expectation of receiving a further expression of your views on my predecessor's despatches relating to military operations, which your despatch promises. I shall then, also, be able to inform you of the appoint- ment of your successor in the government of New Zealand, and of the time at which he may be expected to arrive in the colony.'" The following account of a somewhat re- markable animal or fish is taken from the West Coast Times:—"We have inspected a most singular specimen of the finny tribe recently caught upon this coast to the north- ward of the Grey, and named the kangaroo fish by the finder. It is truly a 'queer fish,' being supplied with two long hind legs and two short flippers, not unlike the fore paws of the kangaroo. The finder assures us that he saw it hopping upon the beach, and at first mistook it for a large grey seagull, but observing something unusual in its movements, he cautiously approached the monster (for such it is), and by the aid of a long stick, despatched and captured it." Boating operations on the River Yarra were pursued pretty actively on Saturday after- noon. Some of the clubs were out for prac- tice, but no matches took place. The Melbourne football ground was occu- pied on Saturday afternoon by a match be- tween twenty employés of the Victorian Rail- ways, and a like number of servants of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Com- pany. After a spirited contest, of some two hours' duration, victory was declared in favour of the representatives of the Hobson's Bay Company. The South Melbourne Club played a match, in which the colonials were pitted against the English, the latter captained by C. Crook, and the former by G. J. Garbutt. The result was a draw. Next Satur- day the conquering match between the Mel- bourne Club and the 14th Regiment will be played on the Metropolitan ground, and it will be the wind-up match of the season. A match at football was played on Saturday between the Richmond and Prahran Rifle Companies, on the Press ground, Richmond-paddock, which resulted in favour of the former bj three goals, kicked by Privates Marchant, Hadfield, and Archibald. The recent arrival of expirées in New Zea- land from Western Australia, per the schoonei Jessie Kelly-which had put into Fremantle for repairs-has excited considerable atten- tion in New Zealand. A telegram from Wel- lington in the West Coast papers states that the Government was about to communicate with the Governments of Australia on th( subject. Another attempt is about to be made by a number of residents of Geelong thoroughly to prospect a portion of the Cape Otway ranges, where gold in small quantities has al- ready been found. With this object, it is pro- posed to form a company, to be registered under the Mining Statute. A woman named Barton, wife of a dairy man at Eddington, was very nearly killed a few days ago by a cow which she was prepar- ing to milk, and which knocked her down, and gored her very severely. The animal was about to make a second attack upon her when her husband fortunately came to her rescue. A child named Sarah Ann Tues lost her life a few days since at Bealiba, by drowning in a water-hole. Deceased and some other children were cray-fishing at a water-hole, into which a brother of deceased was pushed by one of the girls, and deceased thereupon jumped in to save him. In the attempt to do so she was drowned, her brother in the mean- time escaping by catching hold of a stick which one of his companions reached to him. At a meeting of electors of South Grant held by Mr. Stutt, at Ceres, on Friday night, it was stated by Mr. Foott that Mr. Stutt was about to start a paper- mill in South Grant, the machinery for which had already been ordered. The Rev. T. F. Neville, of Portland, was driving from Portland to Belfast a week ago when, crossing the Fitzroy River, his vehicle capsized. He and his niece, who accompanied him, escaped with some difficulty, but the horse was drowned and the buggy washed away. A bridge is much needed at this crossing- place. Mr. C. E. Jones addressed a meeting of residents of Ballarat on Friday evening in roferenco to the rejection of tho lato Appro- priation Bill, and in support of a resolution condemning the manner in which the Legis- lative Council dealt with that moasuro, and upholding the propriety of tho Darling vote. Tho meeting passed tho resolution, and also one expressing concurrence with tho views expressed by Mr. Jones. There was a crowded house at tho Theatro Royal on Saturday evening. "Shylock" and tho "Honeymoon" were placed upon the boards. Miss St. Denis sustained tho character of Volante in the latter piece for the first timo, and played with considerable spirit and ani- mation. This evening Mr. Montgomery will play Virginius for the first and only time here. There was an ontiro chango of programme at tho Varieties on Saturdaynight. "Mazoppa" was tho most noticeable piece put on the stago, and some of the songs wore more than passable. Tho colloctor of the Bcnovolont Asylum acknowledges the sum of £2 2s. from Mr. W. II. Naylor, and £5 from the Rov. Mr. Turnor, Collingwood, in aid of the funds of the insti tion. We have received a sum of £15 15s. Od., boing the amount of two popular readings at Whroo and Rushworth for the New South Wales Relief Fund. At Whroo, £4 5s. 6d, was realised, and £11 10s. at Rushworth, 