. -'? ::'-?, ?''' LITERATtY ; GOSSIP. ?''?' Mr John Stuart Mill, M.P., is busily: employed hi editing the collected works of MrH.;T. ;Buckle, ±ba author of 'The History of Civilisation.11 : ? The last number of the Fortnightly Bevicio; cpn ?'taius an announcement that,. ' in compliance .with, wishes repeatedly expressed,' the publication on be suspended. That on the 1st of the month' will, bo continued. If, in future, it is to be published morithlyV the --title will become a ' xnisnoiu&r;'. ; ' Mr O. H.! Lewis has retired from the editorship ?: on .-account of ill health, and, is succeeded bj Sir John Morley. M. Quatrefages, th/i well-known defondor.of the Unity; of the .Human' Species, )ias just published a Tbook bh; 'The Polynesians and their- Migrations.' His conclusions.are these : — »? The Polynesians'were not created on the spot. Nor are they the; last re mains of pre-existing populations: Voluntaiy migra- . ?tions.havo brought them into. the archipelago of Oceania/ From their- type, we may gather their origin; it is , to be found in the Asiatic archipelago. . In some of these migrations they would fall in with. — some ( f aniilies of . ^he black race, who might have !beeri'; cast away on the .same islands by the chances ?of the sea. He considers that none of these migia .tioris aro of a dato. anterior 'to the first- Olympiad; ^and- the 'great hiajority occurred about the com-' jneiiceiriemt of our epoch.' . ' ,'. . ? ?:. ?'. '- : As announced somo'months sinoo, the Globe -has changed its propribtaryy politics, and to some extent its form,,;,.; Short paragraph-Ieader3 havo been in , tro^ncoji, and the influence of fresh blood is seen in the literary reviews. It. is scarcely necessary to state,, .that Mr. J. C. O'Dowd, who was; for many, years the political guiding spirit of the Globe, re tired, from the paper' on1 its ch'ango of proprietary. , The' correspondent ' of ' the New York Times writes : -' We have another now monthly which may ?not reach you, being mostly intended for home . circulation. It is the A Idgaic Magazine, published to give away by,a largo clothing, house. It is' full of the S' ensatipn. stories :r;hich delight the nullwu. You openit andread:: ' This man, so tall, bo- grace 'ful, dressed' in one of Mills and Gq.'a .elegant black siiits, ,a't, 50s, .was approaching ;hor. She trembled ! it was he— ifc could . be no other. Sho ;. recognised him. 'by the glossy' hat, bought of . Mills and Co. for 7s 6d ; by the exqnisite fit of his hand some; boots, ,14s, ? and that -most gentlomanly of overcoats, sold only by Mills;and Co. at 35s. Her heart beat audibly, her i limb's bont boneath her ; she was about to faint upon the green sward, wheni' tfce. . Each story is written so as to give a complete catalogfle of goods and 'prices, which are. so im pressed upon the reader by the : thrilling inGidents and exquisite sentiments of the title as never to be forgotten.!' ,,. : ? An interesting work on the early races of Scotland mid their monuments, has been written byLient. Colonel Forbes Leslie, in which ho brings a know lege of the antiquities of the Eastern nations to assist his elucidations. Colonel Leslie considers the mas3 of the ancient population of Scotland to have been Celtic ; aud. at the. beginning, of. the historic: period he finds ^ Gaols in North Britain, in Ireland; and in the Western Isles. These were the .first -, immigrants, and had come from the 'East, through Syria and Egypt, . along the northern coast of Africa, to Spain , and Gaul. Another '.&&* migration from the East took place l&rough; Soythia and „ Scandinavia, this Jjeeplfe being 'the Britons. The stone monumeaits : which are to be found in India and in the other, countries traversed are adduced as confirmatory of those views; and the immigi'ation of the gipsies into Europe from Moultan and Ooch in comparatively recent times .is Aft ?example of a similar movement. In the!fce$$Oiiing of the sixth century a small baud Gf Scots from, Ii-eland founded a kingdoia in Ai-g^Shire, .which by degrees absorbed the whole jfi'itish Hngdom aiid impressed its own name' upon the country. Colonel ? Leslie considers that there is clear1 evidence to show the prevalence of the wovship of the sun' and stftrs from Ceylon to the Hinialayav and fv&vi.; China to Britain. Hallowo'en ceremonies ft\'6 supposed to be the remnant of the fee ^ Bel or the worship of Baal ; and many ©£ 4!iS ancient Scotch customs and superstitions *Vo referred to , the same origin; Some of the afiicient Pictish sculptures ;found in Scotland Wsemble those found on, Buddhist coins; Dr. Eeirtihold Seemaun identifies the,conc«ntvic rings : and o'lhei' typical , churacters whi?h Jiaye been found eujpraved-on the rocks ©? JyftHhumberlahd and the Scottish ; border i with llw characters found in a remote part, pf -Oe&V;,ral America, and has given five examples of Voraguas markings which 'ho bonsiders nearly reaenible' the' British inscriptions.' It' has ; hence been inferred that in: prehistoric ,tim,es con neotiori existed between Eui-ope and America: ??????,? : . Much scandal has been occasioned by. a recent grant, by Lord Derby of; a- pension on the civil list, of £40 per anuuni to Mr. Robert /Young, as a re7 ward fox his. literary meiit, and an acknowledginent of his services' as a historical and agricultural poet. This' was effected through . the' instrumentaHty o$ Lord Claud 'John Hamilton!,; who presented a' numerously-signed memorial to the Premier. The case' seems to be a mere Tory job, says a: contempo rary.' Here is'a specimen of Mr'Young's'genius :— ;?? :? ':Hail, Erini'mos't djeifghtfuVland '- . ' ' , For strife' and siXperstiti on, '' ' , . , Where Lucifer to govern seems- ? : ; .-?[ ... i '! ' And toescite sedition : . : ,? .-.'. ;.-.,. ? ... ? ? . Where- truth arid reason* jstriva. in vain .[?_ , . ,. t-ark igiiorarice to banish, ' ,: ?'.',. v And tpiror holds her midnight reign, ? '? ;i ?UnSi ca(vs?)3 peace t'o'yariishi' ' ' ?'?'' iU'' ' '.'?' ???'?' '' ?' ? ToW.rOWrOW, ?; '??'-'- n ?'?'??i '?:? -u ??'?'?- .'.' i Fal Ial laddie daddle, bow, wow' wow.!' ,'i ,: ?? A- typographical fete wiUbe celobrated at.Milan, says Ii'Opinionc, is. honor of the memory of Pan filo Castaldi, who first, invented moveable type. The in.Vtintiori . of Castaldi .will be '' immortalised by a taonument, the work of a Milanese sculptor, . Gui seppe Cbiii. ; ' We have reason to; believe,', adds the same Italian ^journal, ' that all the printers of all the Italian' cities will be represented at this fes tival, which is to do homage to one of the glories of 'Italy.' .,'?; ' -;:i ???.?'.'. :??.,- ?-' .^-^, ; ; ' Actions by literary men 'against; publications and publishers, for; remarks of whioh they disapprove,' are becoming : conimon. Mr Charles Rea.de*. is hit-, ting right and left on both sides of the Atlantic, in.\ defence of. his last novel. . , Mr Dickens threatens Mr Cave, manager of 'the MarylGbbne Theatre, with an action for offensive 'imputations contained in a reply written by him .to ? some . remarks oh that place of entertainment, recently published' in All the Year Round, which Mr Cave attributed (though erroneously) to Mr Dickens- ; and Mr Robert' Buchanan has two actions on hand.' «' Mr Bu chanan,'; says the Glasgow Citizen, 'chose, f1^-'. haotives of personal friendship . and Gl'p^mfe ''Vo dedicate his last volume to Mr H^'^^q^ Dixbii The critic of the Westnmist^^ ^^ &^ himself, has perhaps. a r^M to '4evote ^SBB-fe'' , us dedication -hnd te ^^^ t svcophancy , to the poet, -iiereat:&S;'e§i^at wrath and .'a threatened lawsi^c. TJie .6flSg plaintiff will appear in ariothei' ,5-btioni ^aiasV Mr ^Bentley, ? the proprietor of* TemM Bar,. for. publishing his name as that of tko '??fetitSi-Or of a poem, called ' Hugo the)Basta!f A-.11. Mr Buchanan does nofc deny his i pat«mi'tyv, but, as the piece, is not a favorable speieii&O;'n of ? his style j he, ' thinks. that he had arigiatfe taaintain his.anonymity if h.e chose,' . ?. /..,... ...... The deatti is announced of the Amerioan' authoress Miss Maria S. Cummins, who is best .-kn©X«tt by her novel 'The Lamplighter.' Among Ivoiv other; work's, wore 'Mabel Yauglian,' '-3B1 Fureidis,' arid ' Haunted Hearts.'' ; ! ? Mr Behtley writes to the papers in ?refe'i'eMtJ to the book called ' Lott'ers from Hell^' whtch he has announced for publication, that it ia not, as some good people have supposed; an irreligious wort. ' It is the production; of i a Danish clergyman, nnd.lxas been translated by a clergyman of the Church 'of X^naland. . , .. A literary announcement 'from Leipzig runs thus : ' Our -readers will, be obliged to us for drawing their attontion to some Sanscrit works which will shortly appear. Wo have not read the books.our-. selves, but if thoir contents* are as interesting as their titles; their perusal must be the acme of de light. 'The titlps are :— ? Swapantschakschavima-' hamantrastotra, V TrigunatmikakaUkastotra,' Upan galalitavratodyapana,'. '« Sankarchtatschaturthivra- ?'; todyapana,' and ' Anantatsohaturdarivi- atakatha.' ' The; American papers record the death of Mr Charles Alexander, , at Philadelphia, ? the oldest journah'st in the United' States'.' He purchased and used, when a young man, the old printing office and type and presses belonging, to the celebrated.Ben jamin Franklin. Wordsworth's sale catalogue,' compiled by a country auctioneer, displays ' the - anctiorieer more than the poet, as may be seen from the title page, winch runs thus :— 'Rydal Mount... ,..; Catalogue of the . . ..Library of , the late venerated .Poet; Laureate, William Wordsworth, Esquire, D.C.L .'; last, not least; of the lme .oi Lake Minstrels . . ;i will be sold ... . at that haunt of hallowed memo ries, Rydal Mount . . .' The statements of the lots tells us nothing about the poet; but many .re commendations .are. drawn from all kinds of sources by the auctioneer himself.. It is far otherwise with the catalogue which the London, auctioneer, who is, as uniform in his proceedings as Calcraf t 'himself, made for Southey's remains. We may infer several things about the late' possessor ; of which we. shall, note ene. The number of uncut books is remarkably great. . Southey, somebody has said, could tear the heart out of a book' while -he ran it over on the sofa: he must, one would think,' have been able' to do it by help of the ports which are access^bl ^ -viiiuiat a paper- knif e.' But the naost noteworthy chrcumstance ? in the very larga number of books, substantive enough to make separate lotSj which are marked . Presentation copies, uncut. ? ,-???? Oh ! sight to meet an author's eye !- O£ these there are 102, a little more than three per cent, of the general library (including ^ the Spanish and Portuguese) .—Atlienceum. . . : .' A ' Guide de Paris' is to be brought oiit for the Great Exhibition. It will be: splendidly printed, and will contain contributions . by Victor Hugo, Lamartine) Theophile^Gautiei-j and other writers of acts. .: ?- ?.?????..',? '???'.. - . .' -.'. ??.????.-??. 