MONDAY, M A HOI I 1, 18f!7. 'i'm: omening of the railway lo Minadong, of which an account lias been already given, will we hope tend to strengthen the conviction that in this direction the energies ot* the colonies should be excited. "We do not, however, over- look the fact that in the formation of railways to the interior we shall not receive from them any direct revenue sufticient to pay thc cost of construction, at least for a long time to come. We arc not at all insensible of the danger that in this work the expenditure of the country may exceed its means of annual payment, and su involve ii in considerable financial trouble. Nut we are quite impressed with the fact that the result of all past experience shows that wherever the outlay ia practicable it is in the highest degree serviceable to interests not to be set down in figures, and not to bo made up in any annual Budget. 'J he construction of railways has this impor- tant result, that it brings the population of a country within thc limits of easy communi- cation ; that it facilitates culture, that it im- proves the market ; that it assists in furnishing thc means of improved civilisation ; that it diminishes thc general cost of government-; that it removes one great difficulty from the want of effective surveillance; in short,-that it is one bf the great instruments by which wealth is Increased and universal pros- perity promoted. A- few years have led to this conviction in almost every European country. The growth of railroads and electric telegraphs is the marvel of the age. The maps arc crossed and intersected, in all directions, with these wonderful and costly constructions, and though much has been wasted and much has been lost and .stolen, still the outcome of thc whole is that thc wealth ol the countries where these roads are possessed luis steadily anti hugely increased, lt is found that in conse- quence the power of consumption ol'all articles which supply ihe, revenue is als» multiplied, lt vu uki be much more satisfactory, indeed, if lhere vere some way in which the public could I ts better indemnified generally for what to some extent is a loe.d outlay. If tho land on the lines of road were still in the hands of the Go- vernment, and were soldas ¡n America, to assist in the cost of construction : if where great ad- vantages are eonferred upon the population of the place, a special contribution could be ob- tained, all these things might be most desirable ; but it must be remembered, nevertheless, that thc inhabitants on the line of road, as well as those at each terminus, arc largely tributary both to the general revenue itself and to the amounts collected at the different stations for thc use of the line. The borrowing of money for reproductive ' Wüiks îp ' not only a universal practice, but if made with prudence, and with a plan for liquidation, it is a legitimate mode of providing the cost, lt is not fair that the present hour should be burthencd with labours which- are for all time to come, or that the convenience of thc present time should be entirely denied, because it may impose a charge upon n future period, when probably it will be light in com- parison with the benefit inherited. Nor must it bc forgotten in thc construction of works of this kind, injudiciously made, that large items of expense are avoided if they are not delayed too long. "When the land is in the hands of thc public, one great charge is avoided, as well as all those costly modes of valuation which are necessary when private interests are to be com- pensated. Thus it may be questioned whether, at thc end of twenty years, the colony may not have gained by the construction of works which within the first ten years will not pay, providing they are remunerative during thc next ten year.«. We need hardly point out thc great advantage which will bc enjoyed by a city with a semi- tropical climate by the opening of the interior, where there are high lands and colder atmos- pheres, and where children show thc mixture of roses as clear and bright as in the fatherland, liesides this, fruits and produce of every kind will be furnished for a market where the demand will ever he multiplied, besides supply- ing an export to countries where these advan- tage.-' are not so readily enjoyed. The construction of a railway at thc present time, unless there be considerable engineering difficulties, ought to be much cheaper than in fonner years. Every article for such works is now produced at the lowest cost of manufactur- ing industry. It is no longer a special trade with peculiar mysteries, but it is as open rind subdivided ns thc trade of watchmaking. Not only may all articles in demand be supplied with great facility, hut thc market price is perfectly ascertainable, and so the room for abuses which formerly existed is greatly diminished. "Wc have also the advantage of new methods of excavation if we knew how to employ them. The laborious system of cutting rocks and moving earth which prevailed at one time is elsewhere now superseded by methods which have lost the doubt by which novelty is encompassed. Thal which war. imagined lias been Attempted, and that which was attempted has been accomplished. In mining, in parti- cular, wc are told that methods of piercing the rock and blasting it. nie now in full practice, which prove one-half cheaper than the cost of manual labour even in those countries where men work for a shilling a day. The marvellous apparatus of Mont (Jonis now penetrating through miles of rocks is adopted in simpler forms for less undertakings, and will no doubt be finally brought into easy manipulation. "When, however, we speak of the cheapening of the cost of railways we certainly have no fancy for those that arc commonly called "eheaji." "We cannot afford to lose (wo or three hundred people in order to save a little excavation, or to risk the tumbling over a pre- cipice, because we will venture on the last possible margin of safety. Ostentatious cheap- ness is in almost every instance dearness often it is danger, and not unfrequently it implies a want of tenderness for life and a moral insensibility which would lie a disgrace to any people. Let our work bc done reasonably and without useless ornamentation, hut even thing solid and safe, so that when we patt with our friends for a journey it may not ho with any serious apprehensions that a telegram will tell us they arc cngulphed in some chasm or lost in some stream. The progress of railway making in this countiy hitherto has been rather slow. Our first attempts were costly and initiatory. In ? the second stage there has been probably more successful engineering and a hotter construc- tion ; but every moment require* vigilance to guaul against abuses, which must cluster around a department where ministerial respon sibililj often means subjection to a system of jobbery. "Where works are pushed with extraordinary speed thore is still more scope for this kind of imposition ; hut there it- no reason why we should not advance at a more rapid rate limn hitherto, , especially as thc opportunity is afforded, if I plans were only well considered and guarantees fairly provided to obtain loans in the London market and so furnhh the means of a more energetic administration. In a neighbouring colony-Tasmania-a railway bill has just been passed to enable a company, on raising A'50,000, to borrow on the security of Government, depriving themselves, however, of ail profits until thc Government security is indemnified. This should be thc system in all cross railways. Assistance may bc well given by the State for feeding lines, providing those who ask for them will subject themselves to a part, of the re- sponsibility, and find at least that proportion of capital whic h shall guarantee their good faith. Tho only lines certainly which a Government should make alone are those which may be properly called main lines, which may he sub- servient to the common interests of thc com- munity. Those who live ten miles from the railway and wish for a cross line ought to make it themselves, and to be satisfied to know that hundreds of thousands of pounds have been sper.t on thc work which will render their branch line effectual. Tm: Rakaia, with the English mails via l'unama, arrived yesterday. Though three days ovc-rduo, her own voyage has been performed punctually, the detention being owing to the late arrival of thc steamer on the othor side of the Isthmus. She brings English papers to the 2nd of Janu- ary, and English telegraphic news to the 15th of January, or four days later than the tele- graphic news by the last overland mail. Humours are said to bc. rife respecting a change in the Cabinet, but that has been the case for the past two month». The cause of the dissension is1 a difference of opinion on the woy in which tho Iteform ques- tion is to be treated,->sor«.o preferring ii policy cf' concession, others ol' resistance. The reformers are reported to have widely abandoned their intention to overawe the House of Commons by a display of physical force in the presentation of pt- titioris, and will proceed with their-agitation in a constitutional way. A persistence in an opposite .plan would have lost Ihem marry, friends who, while desiring Keform much, desire order more. The winter in England is severe. The_ country , is- snowed up, and; there U propor- tionate suffering aiSiong tue poor. The American yachtsmen have been received with a profusion of welcome, ax though the opportunity had been sti/.ed of paying a com- pliment to America, and restoring the entente cordiale. Nothing is settled about the Alabama claims, but tho '1 ¡mes states on good authority that overtures have been made lo thc American Government to submit them to arbitration. 1 he Fenian alarm appears to be somowhat subsiding. Fenian agents seem anxious to get back safely to America. Srr.rin-.Ks has not been seen in Ireland, though a man has been iirn.-f.tcd in Norfolk suspected of being thc re- doubtable Head (¡entre. But Kccpham is an out-of-the-way- place for the Fenian leader lo hide himself in, and the case may bc one of mis- taken 1 identity. It is stated in ' New York advices, dated January 11th, that STKri:r..vs was still in New York, that he had been deposed from his dignity in favour of General Gi.r.i.sox, "a fighting man," bul that Fcnianism was about " played out." Thc plan for reorganising thc French army, which is said to be so largely thc plan of thc FM vi. HO H himself, has been abandoned, at least for tho present, or in its proposed form. Public opinion pronounced too decidedly against il. This looks as if thc French people were disposed to bc pacific, and were not prepared to sacrifice too much to lr i/loiir. If France were attacked, thc French people would doubt- less spring to arms, as they have done before ; but there arc limits to the conscription they will endure simply to make France the arbiter of Europe, if not thc menace. Meanwhile, BISMARK, whose words are now looked for as anxiously as those of NAPOLKON ever were as indicative of coming European policy, has soothed apprehensions by announcing that, as to regenerated Prussia-erst la jiaf.r. Now that Prussia is contented, Europe may be tranquil. The announcement reads some- thing like a parody of previous Napoleonic utterances, although the form of words is re- quired, hut now that Prussia has got what it wanted it will sheathe thc sword and stack the ncedlc-gun, and direct itself to the consolida- tion of its gains. The Puke of AUOI STI-.N liKiu; has abandoned his useless claims to the old Danish duchies, has absolved the llolsleihcrs from their oath of allegiance, and has himself sworn allegiance to the Ki Nf. o y Purssi.v. In South Germany, Bavaria is about to re- organise her anny. Austria has proclaimed an amnesty to the Press, and it is said that at last the Hungarian Constitution will be restored. The disturbed part of Europe is Turkey. The Greek excitement has not subsided. Insurrec- tions are still plotted. The Porte has mcmnrinl liscd the European Governments on the situa- tion, and various diplomatic understandings between the Great Powers are rumoured. Any special agreement on the subject between France and England is denied, further than that the two Governments, will abstain from interference as long as Russia similarly abstains. In America, the impeachment ol' President JOHNSON is taking shape. It has not yet been resolved on, and may not be. but, by the large majority of 10(î to 30, the House of Representa- tives has appointed thc Committee on the Judiciary to inquire whether there is any ground for impeachment. The crimes formally charged in thc resolution are thal he has usurped power in violation of the law, in that he has corruptly used thc appointing power and the pardoning power and the veto power-in that lie has corruptly disposed of the public property of the United States-in that he has corruptly interfered willi elections, and committed acts which are high crimes and misdemeanors. The inquiry may result in no true bill being found; but that it should be institutod at all shows the feeling and dela initiation of Congress. Thc bill for giving thc negroes equality of suffrage in the district of Columbia was dis- allowed by thc PUKMiir.xi : but, of course, his veto was over-ridden, the majority in Con- gress being such as to make thc veto of no inipoitance. To complete tho policy of which this is only the initiation u bill is said to be in preparation establishing negro suffrage in all the States. It is further reported that thu majority in Congress intends to enforce the provisions of thc constitutional amendment throughout the Southern States, and to do this under martial law. and not leave it to local inclination. Thc one solitary gain to the policy ot Presi- dent JOHNSON i> a decision of thc Supreme Court to the effect that trials by military commissioners ate illegal rxcept where martial law is in force. This decision has suggested the idea ol bringing cases before the Court of a charm ter to draw forth decisions that would practically condemn as unconsti- tutional the congressional scheme of reconstruc- tion. But thc Chief Justice of the Supreme Court is Mr. CKASK, who has no leanings towards a Southern poliry. Thc French troops were positively to leave .Mexico hythe first ol' Mardi, to that, if that stipulation has been fulfilled,- the, evacua- tion has by this lime taken place, and thc tricolour no longer protects the youngest of empires. MAXIMILIAN' still remains at Iiis post, in spite of the news agents, who ever and anon report his embarkation. He seems determined to do his best with a native army, and is said to have a fairer chance ol' success than a little time ago was thought possible. Dissensions among his adversaries are doing him service. IS'r.w GAOL HEOCLATIONS.-A new code cf regulation* for thc- good management of tho ujmls of tho colony, made ly tho Executive Council, and DULIÍHUIII ia a supprimât lo tl e (It-vtrmnent (Jaulte on lim Illili of la.-l month, ci'tu- mlo force cu Friday Uti, tho 1st instan!, Hitherto lhere hu« been no general co:!c for tho guidance rf tho giol-'rs ami olbin, employed in our prison cMiiblishinenfs, but enc-h gaol Iii:a had n code tuiud, as was believed, lo its own require- ments. Tho code which has jui-l como iulo force is com- prehensive, embracing, ai it docs, tomi-of tho beat rogulu lii/iin undi-rthe lalo Sir Joshua .lobe's Fysltmi, sonni of tbo.su which have- leen found to work well ia tho gaols of Victo- ria, together with others, which halo been iu operatlou tur fouie tillie pa.-! in manj of our own g.io!.-<. Full iuMruclioniJ aro given fur ibo guidanco of otlieura of all graded-gaoler*, Winden1, matrons, female warder*, over.-c.ers, und tViretuun, nchoolninHtcm, vitiliaT justices, surgeon.?, and chaplains. Aho, inll dircclii'iis tor tho trtnttiu'nt anil conduct of ptiíonors ; for the uiar.ugeinciit nf prison schools ; tor the escort ol prisoners »rel lunatics ; fur the i-omt.-Mon of sentences, and for tho dietary according io the class of tho irisonoid. There are* four scale« of dietary ; oue f.ir Dar irghursl, Curramuna, uni Muill.md gaols ; ono for nil other country gaols exeípt lierriiou nail Fort Macquarie ; ono for Iknitiu j-jvl, in which ii t-yHrm of n-purate treat- ment is curried nut; and one for the invalid cstrtbli.-hnio.nl at l'or I Mnt-rjinirie. Tim regu!all..na bavo tuen carefully propeled, anti appear well adapted lo nicol the renaircmcutB for which they wore fi uniod. EA.»r Svi:Ni:v Ft.ício:..- A deputation of electora Willied on Mr. W. 1!, Jlallcj uu Fi May la*t. itiimtdlng tim; gentleman fo cotao forward r-.s a umdidate for tho represan taliun i i Ei*t Hjdney. Mr. Dalby ihnnkt-d the deputation for ibu honour thoy' wight, to c'l&foi; tm him, bul elated " (kat, even if elected, ho wiuM mil lake his .se>»t for any coi.tliiucncy." Ena ATA.-Corrigenda in Mr. Chuko'* paper fruit lao " Catalogue ti ibe Natural und Industrial l'r<<dm.t» of Nu* Couth Wales," inprinted' in Fi ifliyV Jin alt:-Fur " Jínltonnl," rind Natural; for " Miuicr.i" and "Mu- ñe: oo," n nd Mrjieero ; for Syringapor.i," read Syrlng i loni; f» r " rcc<i1'il!i-uliUi>," rina ita^qi'itoulitu-' ; fir " llul»ifread Hulyi.iles ; fur " *4t;ni-u,tui (-J'.''.-;vi." ív.vj A'HutililCï tziwiu* ; lor " Miacamutci," read Wi irucnn",a : for " Fhyktheca," read Pbyllo'.btrn ; for " Widlu-.iiuilly, temi Wollumlillu. Coy».I'UT AT NV'WTOWN. - jMüdlIUé- E. WrtlljM Cusln-lta ouït tonic of 1er pupil« have iconcroufly tillered ihiir grntuiloiis sci viet s lo aid the fund now boinir r.iiícl for thc cut-lion of a new inf.mt schoolroom al SI. I'ttor'.i, Gook's Uiver llor.d, thoy Uavu arranged thu concitl which i.i to lake plano tbii evening in the Keivtorn Hchoal of Arte. Tho programme coniniu» wine very favourilo Bong» nr.d a large number will no doubt Uko advantage of (his opportunity lo enjoy a musical treat and nt tho Bimc lim o nuder Eulelantml upsietunco to a good work. Tin; OCEAN YACHT KACE.-The A'tic Ter/- Jltntld of Jnnunrvlllh, in nn article commenting on tho above raw, and tho civililios of lUo EnglieU toward* tUe American yachtsmen, retnarkB :-" Ono of the most interesting facts which has reached us from England tn connection with the raco ts, that u eum of £0000 UM-toon aubacribed in aid of tho families and friends of thc »en who have been lost from Ibo Vesta. On (his nido, BO far as wo nro aware, tho furn subscribed amounts to only fivo thousand dollars. Surely tho American people will not allow thomaclvce to bo left behind in thia mat (er," RIFLE MATCH.-A riflematch between the commi- sioned and non-comissioned officers of No.1 and N0.5 Companies was recently shot at the Victoria Rifle ranges, No 5 winning by 50 points. Ranges, 200. 400, 500, StoSj 8OO yards, five shots at each; Einfield riflesKnllnldlille,- «VÄ . lion ; Wimbledon largóla and naring. Tho scoresCT as follows:- No. 5 Company Captian Richards ... ... ;> 8* '7' ¥< I.iiuten.nit Phillipa ... ." il \¡ 3 '"'I liri genni Unslry ... ... IS 11 19 7 "JJ Johns'on . C VS í Corporal Brewster . Il 15 ; .J-" D'Arrietta . 12 lr, , Marshall. i:. 10 4 ^ No. 1 COUPAKT. ''' Ciplai:: Itaymoiul ... ... 7 r, î » l.icutrnnnl Willa . lt 16 4 Ï ,{ lînslgn Ilui.t. 13 10 j J"» Sergeant Clow ... ... ll a in ! :! QiiodUnu . IO 12 0 I"* Corrornl Johntiih ... ... Ki (1 « , 1-nr.l . li I if Mt'SICAI. ANO LtTTtRATlY ESTEHTMii'tEVt -lil coinpliimnlcty cntrrluiL.uciit given at St. Dii'ip's KHJ,| rorni on Eriday evening, to Mr. Edwin Oobloy. tho rairvai d'urrtorof the choir, won moderately tttcctsifnl. It ¿rex togilbcr n good audience, mid tho poiforminoetel': eeturnt approbation. The rntvnbors of Gt, Philip's Muiinl lint.rovemenl Society nero assisted by Mr. C. w. Marta Miss JnmcB, Mr. Sebostinn Hodge, Mr, A, 1'alrln -ni other gentlemen amateurs, OB wi.l rta by tho church rlw The programme wa« onenod with tho overture i i IhoCili-u nf Bngdad, played on tho harmonium by Mr. Otley, >i, Kajnor bang "Hero upon my vessel's deck," I,-¡J' ^J. rerálled, gavo " Tho Bridgo."" Thc ene tMtoly "pitbiic song, "Tho Blind Gill to her Harp," was vosittrul much tnsto amt feeling by Mina Jair.is t0 ¿, harp accompaniment of Mr. Cobloy. Tiro a-in-al " Kr gland cinrioUB Enf-Snd," by Mr. Fairfax. "TÍ, Ilellringern,"' hy Mr. Kayner, were roccivod with much enthusiasm, ns wore ainu thc two fantail 13 on tho clarime by Mr. Hodgo. nnd tho one by Mr. Cobloy on fhahi:p' Mies J.irr.ca al«o sang "Katey's Leiter," i.i width ¿hi again drew forth tho plaudit* oí her hoarers. in (hi cor» of Ibo evening sovcrnl exrdlcnt cr.nrttsci woro sung,ajltis programme was varied with «orno woll dollverod recltitijat, tho whole entertainment ¡'-tMÍng off apparently ¡0 Ito nan' fication of tho couipauy vretcnt. 0 fi\nM-:v Il MI M ox tc Socir.TV.-TU¿ concert of this focieiy v ill take place thin evening in thc hall of iii ' Sciioji of Arte. DKATII I-KOM ANIMAI, roiso.s.-On Monday, (Ho I6I1 ultimo, Mr. James Layton wns engaged in EkiuriDgadU. cased sheep. Ho hud two small p'tstnlcs or pimple* cc fcii wrirt. und it is supposed Ihnt the virus therolj r...ns'rj'.t.i into hi» system. Medical aid was not called In till thc I;! lowing AVedncsiuy, when tho timi liad legua to asrell ccnsidrnibly, and tho pulso wii'nlmosl InipcreepliUo. Era then tbeorlcin of tho symptoms was not knout, au! i- vu only l y subwnui nt inoniry that the medical men '¡ero sh!« lo aseirlnin that dec.-a-td hvl been skinning odít.-t.-cl /.heep, lt va» then too lato (o ib ,u.y¡U:i¡: c\\.-"p; to administer t-trong Milbulla.'* M.'. loni..-, leo j oison bud per. trilled throughout Ov.tlrç. syfen-., ai.d i ho only chanco was lo create an ariiticial e.^'ioti of Ai biait and nervous system, sujh os might reif tb?? op«i tiou of Ihc virus. X ti «imitation of nit th" Allary doctors van held, mid thc. oise wa." deemed hoiK-lcs*. Mi. layton lingered on lill Saturday, tho'J'Jnl, «hen deua icimiosl d bis tufa-tines. It is a curious cireur .stine- iii I <\¡> »hup Mr. Ea j ton was engaged in «.kinninr- w u c. Kiil.'t flick, piircbasec! al Humbug Creek, ceil- Wu-" Wv Kelly, the proprietor, died su Monty wails! timm-; tiu.a sl.Ct¡>, and lils death was put IIJW.I to miEMrbke. Mrs. Kelly, his wife, died suddenly at Beechworth, aller takítjg delivery of tbeso sheep nni M'lling thtui by au~:!in. Her death wa» attributed m -nly to grief fer ibo lofs of hor husband. The shtib-rli «lo drove thtso sheep were nliliclcd with unie countable swellings on various psrl« of tho '--r's, ana two of them aro even now scarcely reeve:-'!. About lhi:lv sbcrp died in the jonraey betweon Wn;^ Wagra md "Albury. Tho pigs tod c>u their flosh di->!, witao'ut i.vct piii n, At IltecJiworlh more of thc- eic>JJ it! -J, und i heir carcases lit mg given to the pfgd, al-o cau.-v 1 the <!<«& of K vernl mere pigf. Tho death of Mr. Liytou lii-.s catisci propio to rtllcc! a little. It is now rimorcU'rci' I hal ia ibo rafe of Mr. nnd Mrs. Kelly tho symptoms wir- f actly tho mme. There wvs vomtllug, Ami SW.-IUD» .'l^meof tho liml« in every cw. There w*a thc sims nUiiiro of puL"ation in each itistar..-o. TLi roiirhision cow arrived nt ii, Hut ill IheM dialba were Cftuecd by nnieial [.? i?Ni ii qiicst was held on ibu remains of Mr. Laylnn, <-cd ths iiutrtion to l-o solved liow is, whether the polsoa cf Urei-jd Mitep < tnr.ot be Inlroduec-'l into thu human t-yatem w.t'iOdt such dircit contact with tho blood is ts usualiy *x-jteil at n Mccscarv condili-.'ii of contagion. Tho sheep hivo beta rix-ntd anil found to bo suffering from all the lyrnoumiof pleuro-pneumonia. This is a diîeiro that hid been hilhcito mp)-ot-ed tc- IHI confined entirely to eulie, nlthough wo have lie iud ff horses being attacked by it. Anyhow, thoto learned ia such umlters will do well to estecd their refCiirchCH so far as lo nsccitiiin whether sh^p .-.re i«f ills nf being infected with this or nny similar di: '-«o; -U..1 if so, what dung«rncciuci to those manipulating lie carci.-.i. Jlna'tr 7l>ti. Tm. Gi:ouc¡iAN Gluier ASH SOOIEH IIIAMI-. Tho Foreign Summary of thc Memcocr A 7Wí¡\>i ila lñlli January lnjl, publishes, in cxttnio, tho oitir.ial auJrf.y ot tho Chief Imptriftl Commissary cf Ii. I. M.ijes y at Tahiti (Monsieur lc Condo de la Koneiere), on the uc'lnal slate cf thu country committed to ins hnmtvUit« charge. The Count regrets, amongst other things, that two of His ecnipaniet, ol infantry forming tho garrison at Tahiti, hive, during (he year WOG, beci recalled to Francu. HoregreU abo to have to swto ihr,! violent and mit'.pscte.l storms tif tain have, during tho patt twelve months, destroyed 1 ridges, roads, nnd other public works. The« they hara Leen nimble as ytt to repair for thc want of skilled work . men able, lo cngngo in carrying on tho same. Another iirisfoituDo (bat his Excellency chrontctes, with deepeca nrn, is the total loss or tho schooner ttesolve, which foundered, under full mil, in sight of tho shote, whin only ono man wo* saved. Tho question of waya ana means ie diseased, and piojccts for a diminution of expendí'aro enlarged upon. The fact is reported that the mission has recommenced tho work» for I he completion of the cathedral at Tahiti, nfier tho same had leon abandoned fi r seven yesT. Fifteen. Mongarovans oro ci.^ed on the ctn,ph tir.n cf tho lighthouse at Haapapa; a ptisan is ¿ti liticir built. Tho mountain that separates Psoeete f-cm tho KAU Coast of the isis has boon made pas-wblo by a fine carriage road, wLich descends into the rich Valley (of llaaparo. Tho cucticn of tho Queen's palace ¡J being r.rcccfcccd w ¡th, Agriculture U makirpalLuaetory progross, bul tho want of suitable labour is Mill a maller of serious complaint. A bank is Hamed at Paréete, und tho a pro peí ly organifoi department of immigration. Tho Chief Imperial Commissary, on ibo "th cf Ds* ceinber Inri, addrtifcd a letter to the Ora'oimlmr, r-r Intendant Coinniisfnry, respective tho illajitl tunic catiicl on by some ill-dispo-td pirties in tiiiiis and gunpowder-sold tu tho people c f tue tl'indward Island* (thu Society lrl.mds properly totalled) during their prueut lamentable" state of oivil war. His lixn-'Joacy has cliie clcd step» to bo taken to prevent tho continuance oí such crinmerce for Ibe future, and tho decree pasted ly Govirnor Suissnt iteniosl tho sale of munitions d' war to all pcopliiof Ike iVimlward Group (dated ijo I .it January, li*!') has bu n revived by an express decree, UBÍJÍ ring heavy penalliea ocaiiiht ihe otlriiders. Tho trnliieis declared1 to be a ilisgiace and un insult to Ibo French dig, utterly opposed to tho intctcsts cf civilisation and religion. In lUialai, wbue a son cf thc (Jupim 1'i.mare is the nomina!sovcriign, tide bus been for H year past a revolution, which causes constm.t warfare ami loss of life. Tho biog, a mau of in irmptrale habits, is despised and detested by tho majority nf bis nibjecls. AH these islunds-the S;ie;.'ly group-«I« independent cf tho French rrotecte ute, the French, do not feel ihruiselves called upon to interfero. Tho friendly iaur vei.lion of I'om&ro; has been f uind utterly incffeetuil in too ¡nitre sts of good order. Anti! ber ensuit'* i.< daily especial between, tho royal und republican parties. Mi:Mi:ir.M.iTV or Iti:m ms.-'Ihurrilay, SMh rVhniirj. Council met for general busbies* al ' o'elacl:. >'r**cnt-tue chairman (Mr. G. Kenwick), ami councillirs lliptW, IUI, Williamson, and Wild. Alter reading and connrniui; thä minutes of the previous Ince ling, thc ri-port of thc ilnar.ee coal mitlte wts hrouftht up. and pavntcat ojurred of sundry accounts amounting to £62 Os. lOd. Th'e report of tho iciproveir.cn: inm niitioc wu» then prerented. Acting upon tho recommendation!! contiiired therein, connelllor Williamson muveil, "That ler.i.ers be called for to suppl; thc requisite nuiubn of nlicaniru post.-, for lite proclaimed streets of the municipality." &<o*i«| Vy councillor Hall, and carried. Councillor Hall moved," I'"l the tinder of John Macnamara, foreleanins gutlois, et t<\- V' eiiiiun, ho accepted. Seconded by councillor Wild, yut, ana paru d. Councillor Williamson, pursuant to nolifc, moven, " Thiit Turiier-ttrcct, from Bouwy-srrcet to Grorgc-strcet. tu ballasted nnd blinded, ami that certain repairs ba eileciM ia líc-chlll- ítiect." Seconded by councillor Wild, <mJ carne.. Councillor Brptist moved, pursuant to notice, "That Cievuin i sliest he gutlcrcd from Sthnlev-strret westward as far ss MU. upon." Êccondrd bv counclllor'WIhl, and pass cd. Thc itrcU'a tionor otliee, duly executed, of Hr. auditor Wardrop was Im*, bcfoic thc council. A Inter «aa read from Mr. I). Clame, "j. llouikc-nnct, coiiiphiinliig of thc drain acres* the tal o\ Chelscu-strrcl. Uf mutter wai ordered to li.- left ia thc baao* of Hie c-hiiitnmtt. Notices of motion were handed in by coaa-ii-, lol-.. M ild, Hill, and Wiliiiic.ior.. Tho mcellng then bruLî u». Mci |< II-AIITV ni< i:i»nwKi:.-Tho emmci! met ca (I"" l elriü iv, (he cbainitan.arilMii sri. Charles Moon-, I'. A. DjiU-u:, Jun < > Ci erre, and tU-orfc'C ! kneing, ln-i":; present. Tho ralau.'-j ol thc pievic.u nu rring wai- read and cnnllrmrd. Oa the "'l",(,a of Mr. Janies Pean-e, seaman! bv Mr. Pulruc, Mr. M.J.I vJT »ns ic-tln'.cil triiismi r 1er thé currant municipal year. »r> luiluic then niovi-il, '.'thi.t the whuicaf the council thc itu prov, nu i.i coiiuiiitter l«r tho ensuing year," »hici w.i s:rendid bv Mr. Mw-re, and c.inird. A It'lltr wa» tnenr-u Ifi-ni Slr. II. I.c", iiiiiiphiinL-ii; faut in ooii5cqint.ee of th«ooaa.u l:ai ¡rig i-i,t awnv rome sand to'o tloso lo Iiis property, the fence H itt tumbled down, and rc.|iicsi:r."'.to have the same rt-placu *, bv Mr. .lames l-t-;u-e», and »ccomlcd by Mr. Denning, " I *f.Mr lie's fence hu put up i.i-ain by thc council." Tile toum'in! .-iccounts w ere passnd ariel authorised to be paid :-S£t;''",¿,; reixiirs in Allisoii-strtet, £2 l's. ¡ld. ; seclion B, gravelling M. M--.;i » jloml, JÜ1 L's. Til.; scclinr. 1), repairs in llyron-strcct, tl raising «ravel, 17s.; ;cncr;iU-xpcnsrs, 13s.; total, tu J? (Ir.e temler havint; been received for ballastiiip and cr-'T,'""'; * portion of r.vron-street, £21 10s, it waa moved by Mr. uia.i-.s Moore, ami' iceouded by Mr. James Pearce, "That the a JO U) teniier be accepted, on condition Hint £10 towards the ca»t r« subfcrihed hy Ihr inhabitants." Mr. Denning havttw rc»oriï<i thal the six-inch plpiny in Victoria-street was iiu-uthciciu in cany oil'the water, it was :i¡;rco<l to roplncc the same by ninc inch pipe». Tho council then adjourned to the 10th inaUnt. To Gasfitters, &c-John; O. Cohen reetuests attention ta M sale this day, at the Bank Auction ltooms, nt ll, ol' gasSUmS". « the riik ol former purohsacrä, and old ooppt-r sUca'.hing--. ADV, 