MEMORANDA. The Mlusical Union will give a concert on ?Mbn day evening, in the Prahlran Town Hall, under the conductorship of Julius Herz, the piece de resistelne of which will be a cantata by Van Bree, a Dutch composer of considerable skill, but whose fame is not widely spread. The cantato is entitled " St. Cecilia's Day,"' and it is thought by those whlio know it ithat its performance will create somewhat of a sensation. The profits of the concert are to be devoted to that wortny charity the lnstitutionifor Diseases of the Eye and Eai. Mr. Marsh announces that he will give a conbert in the Prahran Town Hall next Thursday evening. The arbitration case in re Borough Council of St. Kilda and the representatives of Mr. Jackson for the purchase of land for market purposes in Inker- man-street, St. KIilda, is at length settled. On pay- ment of the costs of the arbitrators (.£121 16s.), the award was made known, and great as the surprise was at this charge, it is as nothng compared with that caused by the award, which in round numbers is £1023 ! or about £200 more than the land had been offered. At a special meeting of the council a cheque for the amount was drawn and ordered to be paid. Among tile many illuminations ol tihe grand night some of tile less pretentious but eqoaally pretty were accidentally omitted. One of ~hese was in Charles-st., PI'rahran, at the residence oil Mr. Pickard. The two winldows were illuminatediwith tine British coat of arms, and the British, Hano varian, and Danish arms combined. At the side of tihe house an arcade of coloured lanterns had a very pretty appearance, and a willow tree at the bottom of the garden illuslinated by the same meano im parted a novelty to tihe attraction. It has lbeen Iluminated several times since. In connexion with the religious services h.ld at the Mechanic's Institute, Prahlran, by the Baptist D)enominatiorn, .wu. learn that an intimation was srlletimne barick sent to thie Rev. W.J. Cothen (one of tile ministers from tie Rev. C. H. Spurgeon's college) to preach, at this place; and that an answer was received by last mail from the above gentleman, giving a hearty response to the call. It is expected that Mr. Cother will arrive ip this colony in five or six months. The Rev. Thos. Ness bears testimony from personal knowledge to his ability, and great usefulness as a minister of the Gospel, It is confidently expected that hit (Mr. Cother) willtbe a great acquisition in the district of Prahlran. Mr. Cother has laboured for la con siderable time at .the illand of St. Helena, arid Mr. Slpurgeor reports in his inmagazine, tho Swardand 'rsetoel, in the most favourable manner of what lias been accomplishled during iis sojourn there. Till his arrival, services will'be held as usual, and Mr Ness has promised to give .his assistance ion his return from Tasmania. In the Insolvent Court, on the 20th instant, the certificate meeting of Hennr Aldwincklq, csothier. of South Yarra, lopsed.: '.'' ? Mr. Councillor Gardiner, of St. Kilda, las called son us to request publication of a denial to the Sstatement put fortliby us and other papers that his sister's dead l"at Iobarp Town was caused'by his sudden appearance. He stites that his visit was pnticipatnd, anil that itwas on the third day of his arrival that the melancholy occurrence took place. It was capsed by an attack of paralysis whicl seized her at thle front door, and caused her decease in a few hoore. The deceased oenjoyed a large circle of friends, alloof whom dpeply regret her loss. i. The Treasurers of the Immigrant's Home and the Asylum and School for the Blind acknowlddge the receipt from the borough council of St. Kilda, the former of £10 and the latter of £5, as Hooations to the funds of their respective institutions. A dooa tion of £3 from the same source, in aid of the St. Vincent dePaul Orphanage,is acknowledged, by the Sisters of Mercy. The weekly abstract of births and deaths for theweekeending on the 4lth ins?a?qt, announoces that "severe diarrhea, has appeared amn!ong the infant portion of the populationod of.Prahran.'' Will the local board of health be kind enough to note the fact? A coroner's'inquesia was held in Prahlran on the 20th inst., by Mr. Candler, on thq .ody of a. male infant named C6rbet, who died tieq days previously, ands withisi a foew hIours' of its birth.' For a few hours after Ibirth tihe infant appeared to be quite heaithiy, but a change then took place, ond in the evening it had a fit, and expired before Dr. Llewellin, who had been sent for, arrived. The doctor, after a post-mortem, attributed deith to softening of r!!c brain, and the verdict of the jury endorsed that opinion. " Impouinded at Oakleigh, 13th December, 1867. Special damage glnims , 20s. Black ce-, intqr mixed with grey hairs, tops of horns sawed off, E tff sholder, like BI offriss. On 14th December. Trespass ts. Bmndle-sided cow, hoop horns, w.hite face, large scab on rump, WS off loins. On 15th Decenjber. Trespass Is.' Moise-colour horse, Idong tail, off lIouglh enlarged, I" near shoulder. On 17th December. Trespass Is. :Red bull, WHW' tear gib ; yellow-strawberry cow, bit out of off ear, hoop hlorns, MT oe ribs. If not claimed and expenses paid, to be sold on ltil'January, 1868. Another trial of the mode of preserving meat adoptd by Mr. S. S.' Ritthie, of St, Kilda, was madeb on Saturday last, atnd was as successful as those that have preeeded'it. A dumber of gentle men. met at the Oriental rice mills in Flinders street where seyeralo.osmp.les of beef and mutton pre pared bome time ago were produced, and having been tasted were found to be in excellent condition, liaving lost one of their flavour or tenderness. The company living drunk to thehealth of Mr Ritghie, proended to the bhack of the premises, to witness the operation of preservation. 1ll present agreed that the process, simpl and inexpensive as it is, har, iudgiog .from tile resilts. whieh have already been witnessed, proved itself to be a highly successful one. At the last meeting of the Presbytery of Mel bourne, a call from tihe congregation of East St. Kilda, add resqed to the Rev. T. MI. Fraser of tihe High Church, Geelong, was laid upon the table. The call was eqstained, and the clerk weas instructed to transmit it to the Presbytery of Geelong, in order tlsrt it might be dealt with in the usual way. The lev. Dr. Cairns anrd A. D. tininmont were ap. pointed commissioners to appear before ltheo Pesby tery of Geelong on behalf of th't Presbytery of Melbourne, in prosecution of dhe call. Adaring burelary wast committed on the 20th instant, in Gurner-street, St. Iilda--thle thief choosing mnidday, instead of as'usual, midnight for the time of his unlawful expl t. Ite entered by the parlour windoirv and abstracted a oasolbox and timepiece, but his departure was witnessed by 4 butcher's boy, who gave informa.sion to a police man, who immediately went in pursuit of the rob ber and captured him with the stolen property in his possesion. He gave the nameof John Martis, and stated he was a natin.e o.eSwitzerland. Tie match at cricket between the first elevens of Soutli Yarra and Ascot Vale was played out last S:iturday. Tihe Ascot Yale left off on the previous week with 7 wickets down for 12 runs. By some good play on the part o Mai?dden and Hoffman their first innings closed for 30, and they made 04 runs in their second, got chiefly by the careful batting of Hoffmnann and Gardner, who made 14 and 12 respectively; 'making a total of 94 runs. Stewart, of South Yarra, bowled well in the second innings, taking 7 wickets for 14 runs, touti Yarra winning the mateh in one innings and 56 runs over. The match between'tle first eleven of the Rysleigh and the second eleven of South Yarra was played out on the same day. The Ryeleigl\ added 2 runs to their score, they having made 42 in tie first and 38 runs in the second inninge, giving ai total of 80 runs. So.th Yarra made 29 in their first and 56 with the loss of 5 wickets (of wihich Waters made 26, Moss 10, Basan, not out 7) for their second, South Yarra winning the match by 5 rune and 5 wickets to spare. In the report fur nished us last week by ose of the RIyslergh club, there was a mistake. T. Coventry should i?avoe been 11 runs and not out instead of 1i rung b Morton. " 