The Sydney Morning Herald. MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1867. TUB opening of thc railway to Mittagong, of which an account has been already given, will we hope tend to strengthen the conviction that in this direction the energies of the colonies should be exerted. We do not, however, over- look the fact that in the formation of railways to the interior we shall not receive from them any direct revenue sufficient to pay the cost of construction, at least for a lang time to come. I , We aré not at all insensible of the danger that I , in this work the expenditure of the country may exceed its means of annual payment, and so involve it in considerable financial trouble. | But wo are quite impressed with the fact that j the result of all past experience shows that ' wherever the outlay is practicable it is ia thc highest degree serviceable to interests not to be sec down in figures, and not to be made up in '| any annual Budget. i 1 lie construction of railways has this impor- ' tant result, that it brings tho population of a. country within the limits of easy communi- cation ; that it facilitates culture, that it im- proves the market : that it assists in furnishing thc means of improved civilisation ; that it diminishes thc general cost of government ; that it removes one great difficulty from thc , want of effective surveillance ; in short, that 1 it is one of thc great instruments by which wealth is increased and universal pros- perity promoted. A few years hare lcd to this conviction in almost every European country. The growth of railroads and electric telegraphs is the marvel of the age. The maps aro crossed and intersected, in all directions, viiih those wonderful and. costly constructions, and though much has been wasted and much has been lost and stolen, still the outcome of thc whole is that the .wealth of the countries whore" these roads are possessed has steadily and largely increased. It is - found that in conse- quence the power of consumption of all articles which supply the revenue is alia multiplied. It would he much more satisfactory, indeed, if there were some way in which the public could be better indemnified generally for what to some extent is a local outlay. If the land on the lines of road were still in the hands of the Go- vernment, and were sold as in America, to assist in the cost of construction ; if where great ad- vantages are conferred upon the population of the place, a special contribution could be ob- tained, all these things might be moat desirable; but it mu6t be remembered, nevertheless, that the inhabitants on tho line of road, as well as those at each terminus, are largely tributary both to tho general revenue itself and to thc amounts collected at the different stations for the use of the line. . Tho borrowing of money for reproductive -worksîs not only: a universal: practice! but if. -made with*, prudence, and with, a plan for .liquidation, it is a legitimate mode of providing the cost. It is not fair that the present hour' r should be burthened with labours, which are 'for all time-to come, or that the convenience of thc present timo should be entirely denied, because it may impose a charge upon a future i period, when probably it will be light in com- ! parison with the benefit inherited. Nor must it :b'e forgotten in the construction of works of this kind, if judiciously made, that large items of expense aie avoided if they arc not delayed too long. "When thc land is in the hands of thc public, one great charge is avoided, as well as all those costly modos of valuation which are, necessary when private interests are to be com- , pensatcd. Thus it may be questioned whether, at thc end of twenty years, the colony may not have gained by the construction of works which within the first ten years will not pay, providing they are remunerative during the next ten years. We need hardly point out the great advantage which will be enjoyed hy a city with a semi- tropical climate by the opening of the interior, where there are high lands and colder atmos- pheres, and where children show the mixture of roses as clear'and bright as in the fatherland. Besides this, fruits and produce of every kind will be furnished for a market where the demand will ever be multiplied, besides supply ing an export to countries where these advan* , tages are not so readily enjoyed. Thc construction of a railway at the present time, unless there he considerable engineering ' difficulties, ought to be much cheaper than in farmer years. Every article for such works is now produced at the lowest cost of manufactur- ing industry. It is. no longer a special trade with peculiar mysteries, but it is as open and subdivided as the trade of watchmaking. Not only may all articles in demand be supplied with great facility, but the market pnce is perfectly ascertainablc, and so tho room for abuses which formerly existed is greatly diminished. We have also the advantage of new methods of excavation if we knew how to \- employ them. The laborious system of cutline rocks and moving earth which prevailed at one time is elsewhere now superseded by methods which have lost the doubt hy which novelty is encompassed. That which wac imagined has been attempted, and that which was attempted has been accomplished. In milling, in parti- cular, we are told that methods of piercing the rock and -blasting it, are now in full practice, which prove one- half cheaper than the cost of manual labour even in those countries where men work for a shilling a day. The marvellous apparatus of Mont L'enis now penetrating through miles of rocks is adopted in simpler forms for less undertakings, and will no doubt bc finally brought into easy manipulation. When, however, we apeak of the cheapening of the cost of railways we certainly have no fancy for those that are commonly called " cheap." We cannot afford to lose two or three, hundred people in order to save a little excavation, or to risk the tumbling over a pre- cipice, because we will venture on thc last possible margin of Bafcty. Ostentatious cheap-' ness is in almost every instance dearness often it is danger, and not unfrequently it^ implies a want of tenderness for life and a moral insensibility which would be a disgrace to any people. Let our work be done reasonably and without useless ornamentation, but every- thing solid and safe, so that when we part with 'our friends for a journey it may not bo with ? any serious apprehensions that a telegram will rtelLus they are cngulphcd in some chasm or lost 'in.some stream. . The progress of railway making in thia country hitherto has been rather slow. Our first attempts were costly and initiatory. In the second stage there has been probably more successful engineering and a better construc- tion ; but every moment requires vigilance to guard against abuses, which mußt cluster around a department where ministerial respon sibilit} often means subjection to a system of jobbery. Where works are pushed with extraordinary speed there is still more scope for this kind of imposition ; but there is no reason why we should not advance at a more rapid rate than hitherto, especially as the opportunity is afforded, if plans were only well considered and guarantees fairly provided to obtain loans in the London market and so furnish the means of a more energetic administration. In a neighbouring colony-Tasmania-a railway bill has just been passed to enable a company, on raising £50,000, to borrow on the security of Government, depriving themselves, however, of all profits until the Government security is indemnified. This should be the system in all cross railways. Assistance may be well given by the State for feeding lines, providing those who ask for them will subject .themselves to a part of the re- sponsibility, and find at least that proportion of capital which shall guarantee their good faith. The only lines certainly which a Government should make alone are those which may be properly called main lines, which may be sub- servient to the common interests of the com- munity. Those who live ten miles from the railway and wish for a cross linc ought to make it themselves, and to be satisfied to know that hundreds of thousands of pounds have been speRt on the work which will render their branch line effectual. THE Rakaia, with the English mails via Panama, strived yesterday. Though three days overdue, her own voyage has been performed punctually, the detention being owing to the late arrival of thc steamer an the other side of the Isthmus. She brings English papers to tho 2nd of Janu- ary, and English telegraphic news to the 15th of January, or four days later than the tele- graphic news by the last overland mail. Kum oura are said to bc rife . respecting a change in the Cabinet, bnt that has been the case for the past two months. Thc cause of thc dissension is a difference of opinion on the way in which the Reform ques- tion is to be treated,-some preferring a policy of concession, others of resistance. The reformers are reported to have wisely abandoned their intention to overawe the House of Commons hy a display of physical force in thc presentation of petitions, and will proceed with their agitation in a constitutional way. A persistence in an opposite plan would have lost them many friends who, whOe desiring Reform much, desire order moro. Thc winter in England is severe. The country is snowed up, and there is propor- tionate suffering among thc poor. The American yachtsmen have been received with a profusion of welcome, os though the opportunity had been seized of paying a com- pliment to America, and restoring the entente cordiaU. Nothing is settled about the Alabama claim«, but tho limes states on good authority that overtures have been made to the American Government to submit-them to arbitration. The Fenian alarm appears to be somewhat subsiding. Fenian agents seem anxious to get back safely to America. STET/HENS has not beeri secn.in Ireland, though & man has been arrested in Norfolk suspected of being the re- doubtable Head Centre. But Keepham ia an out-of-the-way place for the Fenian leader.tc hide himself in, and the case may be one of mis- taken identity. It is stated in New York adrices, dated January 11th, that ST$FBZH9 was still in New York, that he had befen deposed from his dignity in favour of General Gt EES ox, "a fighting man," but thatFenianierawasaoout "played out." ' The plan for reorganising the French army, which is sorti to be so largely the plan of thc EMTEHOB himself, has been abandoned, at least for the present, or in its proposed form. Public opinion pronounced too decidedly against it. This looks as if the French people were disposed to, be pacific, and were not prepared i to sacrifice too much to le gloire. If France were attacked, the French people would doubt- less spring to arms, SB they have done before ; but there are limits to the conscription they will endure simply to make France the arbiter ¡of Europe, if not the menace. Meanwhile, BISMABK, whose words are now looked for SB anxiously as those of NAPOLEON ever wore as indicative of coming European policy, has soothed apprehensions by announcing that, as to regenerated Prussia-¿est la paix. Kow that Prussia is contented, Europe may be tranquil. The announcement reads some- thing like a parody of previous Napoleonic utterances, although the form of words is re- quired, hut now that Prussia has got what it wanted it will sheathe the sword and stack the needle-gun, and direct itself to the consolida 1 tion of its gains. The Duke of AcGCSTKir BEBG has abandoned his useless claims to the old Danish duchies, has absolved the Holsteincrs from their oath of allegiance, and has himself sworn allegiance to the KING OF PBTJSSIA. In South Germany, Bavaria is about to re- organise her army. Austria has proclaimed an amnesty to thc Press, and it is said that at last the Hungarian Constitution will be restored. The disturbed part of Europe is Turkey. Thc Greek excitement hos not subsided. Insurrec- tions arc still plotted. Thc Porte has memerial lised the European Governments on the situa- tion, and various diplomatic understandings between the Great Powers are rumoured. Any special agreement on the subject between France and England is denied, further than that the two Governments, will abstain from interference as long aB Russia similarly abstains. In America, thc impeachment of President JOHNSON is taking shape. It has not yet been resolved on, and may not. be, but, by thc large majority of 106 to 36, thc House of Representa- tive's has appointed tho Committee on the Judiciary to inquire whether there is any ground for impeachment. The crimes formally charged in the resolution are that he has usurped power ia violation of thc law, in that he has corruptly used the appointing power and the pardoning power and the veto power-in that he has corruptly disposed of the public property of the United ti tates-in that he has corruptly interfered with elections, and committed acts which are high crimeB and misdemeanors. The inquiry may result in no true bill being found ; but that it should bc instituted at all shows the feeling and determination of Congress. ? The hill for giving the negroes equality of suffrage in the district of Columbia was dis- allowed hy the PBESIUEXT ; but, of course, his veto was over-ridden, the majority in Con- gress being such as to make thc veto of no importance. To complete the policy of which this IB only the initiation a bill is said to be in preparationestablishing negro suffrage in-all the States. It is' further reported that the majority in Congress intends to enforce the provisions of the constitutional amendment throughout the Southern States, and to do this under martial law, and not leave it to local inclination. The oho solitary gain to thc policy ot Presi- 1 dent JOHNSON is a decision of thc Supreme Court to the effect that trials by military commissioners are illegal except where martial law is in force. This decision has suggested thc idea of bringing cases before the Court of a character to draw forth decisions that would practically condemn as unconsti- tutional the congressional scheme of reconstruc- tion. But the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court is Mr. CHASE, who has no leanings I towards a Southern policy. The French troops were positively to leave Mexico by the first of March, ÎO that, if that stipulation has been fulfilled, thc evacua- tion has by this time taken place, and the tricolour no longer protects the youngest of empires. MAXIMIMAK still remains at his post, in spite of the news agents, who ever and anon report his embarkation. He seems determined to do his best with a native army, and is said to have r a .fairer chance of success than a little time ago was thought possible. Dissensions among his adversaries are doing him service. New GAOL REGULATIONS. -- A new code of regulations for the good management of the gaols of the colony, made by the Executive Council, and published in a supplement to the Government Gazette on the 19th of last month, came into force on Friday last, the 1st instant. Hitherto there has been no general code for the guidance of the gaolers and others employed in our prison establishments, but each gaol has had a code suited, as we believed, to its own require- ments. The code which has just come into force is com- prehensive, embracing, as it does, some of the best regula- tions under the late Sir Joshua Jebb's system, some of those which have been found to work well in the gaols of Victo- ria, together with others, which have been in operation for some time past in many of our own gaols. Full instructions are given for the guidance of officers of all grades -- gaolers, warders, matrons, female warders, overseers, and foremen, schoolmasters, visiting justices, surgeons, and chaplains. prisoners. There are four scales of dietary ; one for Dar- linghurst, Parramatta, and Maitland gaols ; one for all other country gaols except Berrima and Port Macquarie ; one for Berrima gaol, in which a system of separate treat- ment Is carried out ; and one for the invalid establishment at Port Macquarie. The regulations have been carefully prepared, and appear well adapted lo meet the requirements for which they were framed. EAST BYDXB_ wailed on Mr. W. B. Dalley on Friday last, req are Ling that gentleman to come forward as a candidato for toe représen- tation of East Sjdney.. Mr. Dolley th&nkod; tho deputation for too honour they sought to confer on him, bat a ta tod " that, even if erected, ho would not take his seat for ROT conalimency." EILRATA.-Corrigenda ia Mr. Clarke's paper from the Cotalopuo of tho Natural and Industrial Producto of Now South Wales," reprinted In Friday's Herald .-- pot "Callena!," read Natural; for "Mañero" end "Ma- neroo, ' read Moneero ; for " Syringapora," read Syringo porn: for " receptlculltea," road Reoeptaoalitea ; fjr »? Halsitcs," road Halyslte* ; for » Andiantut exinut," road Adlantitearztmi«; for Minoamatta," read Wianamatta: COKCBRT AT NIWTOWN, - Modamo E. Wallace ausheile end some "of her pupils havo generously offered their gratnitona servicia to aid tho fond now being raised for tho erection of a new Infant sohoolroom at St. Peter's, ,BIw KoBd» tte* havo arranged the ooncart whioh ls to take placo thia evening in-tho Nowtoira School or Arts.- Tho programme contains some very favourite songs and a large number will no doubt take advantage of Ibis opportunity to enjoy a musical treat and at tho sams lim e rtnder substantial assistance to a good work. THE OCKAN YAOHT RA ca.-Tba New York Herald of January nth, in an article commenting oa theTabovo noe, and the civilities of the English towards tho' American yachtsmen, remarks :-'< One oí the moat interesting bots which hu reached ns from England in connection with the Moots, that a sura of £6000 has boon subaoribod tn aid of tho families and friend« of tho men who havo boen bat from the Vesta. On thia «ida, so far aa wa aro awaro, the I nm anbaoribed amount« to only Ave thousand dollars. Biran MATCH.-A rills match Between thu MM.I .tort aod «oa-oom»!»!«!«! .*<*^fi¿¡%S'¡ Cmpmioi n noni], tóot at loa Vlolorfc BIBTH.,_ No 0 winging by 60 polnU. Bum, 200 400 Captain Bicharás Lieutenant Phillipa 6crgeant Llntley Johnston Corporal Brewster Sergeant Cl OM . Quodling Corporal Johnsc: MrjSICAr. AKD LlTRBAJtY S KT RETA I HVl KT Tfc complimentary entertainment giran at St. Pbilio's ap J» io room on Friday evening, u Mr. Edwin Cooley^ .IÄ director of the choir, waa moderately smcafsj-i T,~r*' together a good andiene«, and tho «?tora^-lte S.eral approbation. Tho member» of er. Fhüio'i KSTI provement Society were asaisted by Mr. C w R-ÜT1^ Miss James, Mr. Solution Hodge, Mr. A. FÄfcSSJ other gentltmen amateurs, _aa weli ta by ti,church tórÍ7 Tho prograramo was oponed with tho overture to toeCaHri.' of Bagdad, played on tho harmonium by Mr. Cobler M7 Rayner aug "Here opon my vessels dec*,- "J" Jr; recalled, gava V Tho Bridge." Tho eututttV,. nalH »ong, Trio Blind Girl to her Harp,^"iMïS much taste and feeling hy Mica Jamesy tiï harp accompaniment of Mr, Cobler. Two s»n* "England, glorious England," by Mr. Fairfax "Tnt Bellr&gera;,'r by Mr. Rayner, wera received with mach cnthrutaam, aa were also the two fantasias ca the elarin«« by Mr. Hodge, and the one by Mr. Cobley « ¿thS Mías Janea aleo aasg " Katey's Lotter," u whioh (Ai esain draw forth th« plaudit« of her hearers, Iattuooorai of the evening several excellent choruses were «ung tod toa programme waa variad with some wall daUverel recJUhoaa. the whole entertainment passing off eppsxeatly to lits natl flcatfon of the company present. 8 SYDNEY BAB HOM TO SOCIETY.-Tba concert of this society will take place thia evening in the hill of the School DBATK'FBOM ANIHAX, FOISOK.-On Monday, (ha ist!i ultimo, Mr. James Layton was engaged ia «Unnine a dlj esaed sheep. He bad two email pustules or pimpla» on bil wrist, and it la supposed that tho viras thereby psnatr4ed Into hts system. Medical aid wu not tailed m uti tbs (bl. lowi&g; Wednesday, when tho arm had began to swell considerably, and tho pulse was almost imperceptible. Brea than tho origin of the symptoms waa not known, sod it wu only by aa beean eut inquiry that the medical tuca vers ^ to ascertain that deceased had boen skinning a disaaaai sheep. It was then too lato to do anything except to administer strong slim niants and Ionics. 'Tua poison had penetrated throughout the catira systsa, was bald, and the cass wa« deemed hopeless. Hr. hmm lingered on till Saturday, tho 23rd, when death tanmoaled his sufferlnga. It is a carious ciro ami Un ca that tbs sheep the loss of her husband. Tho shepherds «to drove these sheep wero afflicted with tune connlabla swellings on varióos parts of tbs bsdy, aol two of them are «ven now scarcely roc rv« red. À bool thirty sheep ¿lcd In the journey between Warn Wagga and Albury. The pigs fed on their Sash died, withoot exception. At Beechworth more of tba shejp died, aol their carcases hoing given, to the pigs, also caused tbs death of several'mere pigs.'- The death of Mr, Layton hu cansad people to reflect a little. It ta now remembered.that la tho case of Mr. and Mr«. Eelly 'the'symptoms wera exactly tho esme. There wu vomiting, and swelling of soma or the limbe In every case, There was the sus absence of pulsation in each Instance. Tba conclusion now arrived at ts, that all thees dearba were ca caed br animal poison. Ht inquest wu held on tho romaine of Mr. Layton, and the question to be solved now Is, whotber the potion of diseased sneep cannot be Introduced into the human system, wuhoot roch direct contact with the blood aa ia usaaUy accepted as a necessary condition of contagion. Tho sheep have ben opened and found to be Buffering from all the »ymploma of pleuro-pneumonia. This Is a disease that had been hitherto supposed te be confined entirely to cattle, sllhoogh we have heard of horses being attacked by it. Anyhow, Bordtr fast. Tira G KOBO I AJÍ Ono DI- AND Socnrrv ISLANDS. Tho Foreign Summary of the Ménager de Tahiti of tbs lfilh January lut, publishes, tn estenio, the official address of the Chief Imperial Commissary of H. I. Majesty at Tahiti (Monsieur lo Comte de LaRonoiere), on the actotl state ortho country committed to his immediate chane. The Count regret«, amongst other things, that two of tba companies of infantry forming tho garrison at Tahiti, ure, during the year I860, been recalled to France. He regrets miafof tuno that his Excellency onroniolefcwith deep con- cern, ls the total ' lou of the schooner Resolve, which foundered, under fall sail, in eight of the share, when only one man wu saved. The question of wari aol means i« dtscatped, and project a for a dwnauuK af expenditure enlarged upon. The foot la reported that the mistión hu recommenced the works for Iha oompkuoa of tho cathedral at Tahiti, after the sama had boon abandoned for seven years. Fifteen Mangarevans are engaged ea the completion of the liiMlwW fit JJ**P«P« ! » P'«00*» ^ bung built. The mountain that separate* Papeete fcom tho Eut Coast of the ult hu been mode °7 * &>* can iago road, whioh descends int? the rieh YT_,Ut l°r Haepece. The erection of the Queen's palace is belar, nrocccded with. Agriculture is makingsatialactory progresa, but (he want of suitable labour is still a matter of serious complaint. A bank ie wanted at Papeete, and ala» a pto* perly organise! department of immigration. Tbs. Chief Imperial Commissary, on tho 7th of De- cember last, addressed a letter io the Ordonnaimr, or lulen dani Commissary, roapeofiag- tho Ciara) traffic carried on by some Ûl-dtapoaeÙ partiel io arras and gunpowder-sold to tho people of the Windward Islands (the Society leland* properly so called) during their present lamentable atato of civil war. HU Excellency hu diiected steps to be taken to prevent the continua ot* of nob commerce for the future, and the dooroo passed by Governor Sanest against the sale of munitions of war to all people of tho Windward Group (dated ibo 1st January, 1M91 haBbeer^revivedbjanexpreaadecreft,em^prdnghiaTy pt na lt io* against the offenders. The traDio ls declared to ba a disgrace and an in ault to the French Big, utterly oppoesd to the int er est a of civilisation and religion.. In Boutai, where a son of the Queen Pomare is the nominal sovereign, there hos boen for a Teer put a révolution, which cansss constant warfare and lou of life. Thekiog, a man of in temperato habita, ia despised and dolcsted by tho majority of his subjects. As these islands-the Society group-are independent of tba French Protectorate, the Froneh donut feel themselves called upon to intorfere. Thofriandly iuter vention of Pom a re has been fjund utterly iaoffaotual ia tbs inferíate of good order. Another confliot is daily expected between the roya] and republican parties. MvFieiPAUTv or Rxurxax.-Thuraday. 281b Fcbruirr. Councll met for general business at 7 o'clock. Prwenl-Ü« ehiümaa (Mr. G. Bcnwlckl, and councillors BantM, Bait, Wllllamsea, and Wild. After reading and confirming the mlnutea of tho pretloua meeting, tho report of the finance wa mince waa bronchi up. and payment ordered of sundry acteoot», amounting too» Os. I Od. The reporter the improTcsncnt ooea mittcc waa then prirent cd. Actina- upon tho rceommenditlou contained therein, councillor Williamson moTcd, " That lenta» called for to supply the rrqoUito number of alifomeat posta br tho proclaimed etrceta oí tho municipality." Seoxtol br councillor Ball, Bnd carried. Councillor Boll mored," That the trader of John Macnamara, for cleaning Ratten, alb) P« anntni, bo accepted. Seconded by councillor Wil¿ put, sad P"*cd' Councillor Williamson, pursuant to notice, morel, 'TantTurntr-fcireet, from Botany-sUcct to Gtorir-itre**, &* ' bollattnl and blinded, and that certain repair» be- effeetea la BoMblll-atrect*' Seconded by councillor Wild, and «niai. uouiKUlor Baptlat tnoTcd, pnrauont to aotlcc, " Tau CtoreUni atrcet bc guttered from 6unlcy-atreet wcalarard as mr u boHl upon." Becondcd by councillor Wild, and pawed. Tho decUra Uon or office, duly executed, of Mr. auditor Wardrop wu W* , boforo Ihe council. A letter was read from Mr. D. CUihi, of Bourkc-strect, complaining of thc drain neresa the cad ot CbcUea-strcet. The matter wa» , ordered to te kh ia tu tua* of the «Miman. Koneea of moUoa were banded Ia br oou^' lora T\ Ud, Bell, ud WUllamaoo. The meelina thea brake a>. MUIICIMLJTY or RANDWICK.-Tho «undi met on tho «th . February, inc charmas, and Ueasrs. Charles Moore V. K. Daine, James Pearce, and Qcorgo Dinning, being preaent. Tho mlotita of the prc rion» meeubgwero reed nndeonflrmcd. On tue mouen of Mr. Jamea Pearce, seconded by Mr. Dntruo, Mr. SI. J. Fe*a waa re- elected tre M ur cr for tho current municipal year. Mr. Dutruc then moved, "That tho whole or the eouadi constitute thc improvement committee fer tho ensuing rear" which wu seconded by Mr. Moore, and carried. A"COCT WU thenierf rrom Mr. H. Lee, complaining that in consoQuenco of the eetaal having cut away some sand too oloae to his property, the fenoa had tumbled down, and requesting to hare the earns replaced. by Mr. Jamea Pearce, and aeeonded by Mr. Denning, "ThatHr. LeCa fence be put up again by tho council." Tho foUowtaff aeeounU were passed and authorised to be paid :-Seatíon A. , «palra ta Allison-street, £2 Cs. ad. : section B, gravelltog Bt. Kari's Hoad, £l 2s od.j accnon D, repaire In Byroo-aUoct. raising gravel, £S 17a. ; general expensea, 13a. ; total, ¿ll ». »*. One under hariaf been recelred for caUutinr and aravelllara Krtloa of Brron-atreat, £34 10a, It waa mored by Ur, Cb irle» X>rc, sind seconded hy Mr. James Pearce, "That tho shore lend rr be accept«], on condition that £10 towards tho oort ba rub*c ribed hy the Inhabitants." Mr. Do onie g haring resort** wat the alx-Inch piping, in 'Vlotoria-alreet wu iuiumoknt » carry off tho woter.it wa« ogre ad to replace the auno bTolae Inch pipes. Thc cauoaU then adjourned to the lOth iostaat. Topasflttcts, fte.-John 0. Coben requests atteatton te hi«, jaie thia dav, atth» Baak Auction ÄooBos,.at.n, ct gaaStoags, st the risk of termer poreoaeers, and oU oepper rhcathlag 