SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The proceedings of the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday and Thursday last were of an extraordinary character. Too weak to hope to carry their views by a legitimate vote, but strong enough and resolved enough not to permit the Ministry to have its own way in everything, the Opposition fought a determined battle to prevent certain votes to which they are opposed being passed by the Assembly, at least until the steamer with the mails for England shall have sailed. The circumstances were these :- The last mail brought a communication from the Secretary for the Colonies to His Excellency, to the effect that Sir Charles Darling - dis- appointed, probably, with the results of his appeals to successive Ministers in Downing-street-had chosen to retire from the Colonial service, and to forfeit any claims he might have for a pension. The same mail conveyed a communi- cation to the Government from Sir Charles Darling, which intimated that his pecuniary position was one of increas- ing embarrassment. The Ministry on Wednesday last, brought doYvn Supple- mentary Estimates, amounting in all to some £200,000. One at least of the amounts-the payment to New South Wales agreed upon in lieu of the Border Customs-was unobjectionable ; but among the proposed votes was one of £20,000 for Sir Charles Darling. What- ever sympathy may be felt privately for our late Governor, who fell a victim to the advice of his Ministers and his own weak judgment, it was obvious that the Opposition could not be expected to agree to such an appropriation of the public money. They objected, more- over, to an addition to the public expenditure which Yvould raise it for the year to something like ¿£3,600,000 without having an explana- tion from the Treasurer as to the sources of revenue from which he cxpocted to be able to meet this enormous increase in the public outlay. That explanation Mr. Verdon was not prepared to give on Wed- nesday, though he promised the informa- tion before the House should be asked to adopt the report of the Committee of Supply . but the Opposition resolved that the votes should not bo taken until the explanation was made, and as Ministers refused to give Yvay, a trial of strength occurred altogether unparalleled in the annals of the Parliament of this country. Resorting to the tactics per- mitted by the standing orders while the House was in Committee of Supply, tho adjournment of the debate and motions to report progress Yvere moved alternately ; and the better to sustain the struggle the Opposition was told off into regular watches, which succeeded each other in due order, and by this means made its limited numbers a match for the majority which sat behind Ministers. In' this struggle - while strangers were mercifully excluded the Yvhole of the night of Wednesday was passed, and, Yvith the interval of an hour, all through Thursday, till it be- came necessary that progress should be reported, that the Speaker might be enabled to take the chair at the usual hour. Sir Francis Murphy having duly commenced the business of another day, the business of the night be- fore was speedily resumed in com- mittee, and the same round of mo- tions and divisions Yvas proceeded with, varied with an occasional vote and repeated attempts to compromise the differences betYY'een the two sides of the House-the Opposition expressing a de- termination to maintain the strugglo till the mail should leave, and Ministers being as determined apparently to force the weaker side to give way and accept the obnoxious vote. Thus passed Thurs- day until cloven p.m., when Ministers gave way; and the House adjourned till Tuesday next, after a continuous sitting of thirty-one and a half hours. It is safe to predict that the end will be confusion and trouble. The Assembly may pass the vote to Sir Charles Darling, but it is extremely doubtful whether tho Council-which, strenuously and from the first op- posed tho proceedings of our late Governor-will agree to the vote, even should it be included in the Appropria- tion Bill. The proper course would be, as the views of the Upper Houso cn this subject are perfectly well known, to send up this special appropriation in a separate form, in accordance with the understanding re- cently arrived at, on the proposition of Ministers themselves, that for the future the practice of the English Par- liament should bo closely adhered to. Mr. M'Culloch and his colleagues are pledged to present £20,000 to Sir Charles Darling, whom they fooled to his ruin ; but it is by no means ap- parent at this moment that they will succeed in obtaining the consent of Parliament to the vote. It is probable that the events of the last few days will shorten the duration of the present session. It is stated that Ministers will now ruthlessly "slaughter the innocents." None of the bills still bo fore tho Assembly will bo further pro- ceeded with, if Ministers adhere to a declaration made in the heat of the late straggle over tho Supplementary Estimates. The solo effort of the Government will be to pass tho Esti- mates and close the doora of Parliament. The measures which have been passed, therefore,, may bo regarded as the fruits of the session, and they are few in number. They include the Tariff Bill (sanctioned by His Excellency on the 4th hist), the Royal Mint Bill, the Public Health Bill, bills to amend sorhe of the Consolidated Acts, and a few others of less importance. > The bill which had made some pro- gress in the Council for the amendment of the constitution of that body has been withdrawn, and a motion has been submitted by Mr. Sladen to the follow- ing effect : " That the order of tho day for the second reading of the Constitution of Council Bill be discharged, Yvitli the view to endeavour to pro- cure the appointment of a conference of com- mittees of the tYVO Houses to consider the sub- ject matter of it, together Yvith other things. That this llouso appoint six members to con- fer Yvith the like number of members of the Legislative Assembly upon the constitution of the Council and Assembly respectively, the registration of electors, the boundaries of the provinces and electoral districts, the distribu- tion of seats, and also upon the subject of the íepresentation of minorities; and to report Yvhat alterations, additions, or improvements," if any, may be desirable, Yvith a view to the greater efficiency and harmony of the ÍYVO branches of the Legislature." This motion was adopted without dis- sent, and a committee appointed. The work, hoYvever, must be left to another session. The arrangements as to the Postal Service lately agreed to in conference are not likely to be earned out, at least as far as Victoria is concerned. Our delegates contend that the understand- ing was that Melbourne should be the terminus of the Suez line when the graving-dock is finished, Sydney being the terminus of the Panama and Torres Straits lines. Mr. Parkes, Chief Secretary of New South Wales, denies that any such understanding was ar- rived at, and in his Federal Council Bill has taken care that the agreement may bo carried out, though one or more of the colonies originally parties to it should withdrawfrom it. Mr. MacMahon has tabled a resolution in the Assembly which expresses dissatisfaction with the result, and Ministers have intimated that, their understanding of the agree- ment being denied in Sydney, they will not adhere to the agreement. We shall be forced at no distant day, therefore, to take into our oYvn hands the arrange- ment of the Suez service, and maintain it single-handed, or with what help we may receive from those colonies Yvhich may have their mails conveyed by it. The official announcement of the in- tended visit of His Boyal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh to this colony has been received with very great satisfac- tion. A liberal sum will be voted by Parliament for preparations for his re- ception in a Yvorthy manner, and addi- tions will be made to Toorak House, to enable His Excellency to entertain his distinguished guest. The welcome which will be accorded to the Sailor Prince will be most cordial and uni- versal. The select committee on the case of Mr. Foster Fitzgerald has reported in favour of his claim. The report, IIOYV ever, -will meet with little support in Parliament, and it has met with still less from the country. Mr. Sands has resigned his seat for Dalhousie. He was charged, it will be remembered, YYdth using his influence as a member of the House unduly, and a series of scandals were exposed in the trial Sa?ids v. Armstrong, to which he forced the defendant by Yvay of saving his reputation. The jury gave him a farthing damages ; and a select com- mittee of the Assembly, after investi- gating the charges, adopted a report Yvhich left Mr. Sands no choice betYveen resignation and expulsion. He chose the former at the last moment. Mr. Duffy is noYV a candidate for the vacant seat, and it is to be hoped the electors of Dalhousie will substituto an able and creditable representative for the one who has lately done them dishonour. The Assembly has again had a field day on its OYY'n account-not this time on matters of privilege, but to hunt out certain scandals advanced by Mr. Hargreaves (a claimant for an unpaid amount of a reYvard for the discovery of gold in Australia) against the honour of members. On a division the claim was rejected by twenty-one to nineteen votes, and, probably in the heat of the moment, he spoke too loosely of the readiness of certain honourable members to accept bribes, and of the impossibility of getting any such vote,hoYveverlegitimate, through tho House without having arranged for the payment of a " con- sideration " to somo of those YVIIO should be active in the matter. After hearing the original author of these scandals at the bar, a select committee Yvas appointed to pursue the incmiry. A variety of evidence was taken, but the chargo Yvas not sustained, and a round of denials of everything that was said by everybody about everybody else was the nett result of the committee's labours. Some ac- count of the unsavoury affair is given in another column. The revenue returns for tho past six months have been published. They are not so satisfactory as could have been desired. They show that the new tariff is operating injuriously to trade and commerce, Tho English May mail Yvas delivered here at midnight on the 9th inst. by the steamship Bombay, fully four days before time. Official intimation has been received by tho Government of the approaching visit of the Duke of Edinburgh to tho colony, touching on his Yvay at Madeira, the Cape of Good llopc, Western Australia, and Adelaide. The subject of his reception has long been under the attention of public bodies, and the sum of f 5,000 has been placed by the Govern- ment on the Additional Estimates to meet the expenses so incurred. Tho Melbourno City Council proposes to the Government to co- operate with them in properly celebrating the arrival of the Duke. At Adolaido, also, which His lîoyal Highness will visit prior to reach- ing Melbourne, a largo and influential publia meeting has been held, to mako arrange- ments for his reception. Somo dismay WOB caused at tho same timo by tho discovery that some fur-sighted Melbourno gas-fitters had bought up all the disposable gas pipes and fittings, in view of the illuminations on the occasion of our illustrious visitor's arrival. The neYv General Post-office, which, during the nine years of its construction, has grown into a large and handsome structure, was at length opened for public business at the com- mencement of the present month. For some days its interior YVOS thrown open to the public, and was visited by large croYvds, Yvho could not sufficiently admire the amplitude and completeness of its design, the beauty of the architectural effect, and the excellence and solidity of the construction. The ground iloor measures 170 feet by 100 feet. The sides arc occupied by oflices corresponding to the receiving windows, Yvhich open upon the arched piazza surrounding the building on the sides towards the streets. Inside of these offices are double rows of massive bluestone columns supporting the rooms overhead, and the central part of the edifice is occupied by the noble sorting-hall, eighty-five feet by forty feet and rising seventy feet to the ceiling. The rooms upstairs are used as offices for the superior officers, and for purposes of a private character. The attic story is devoted to stamp printing and for storage. The pack- ages are hoisted from below by an hy- draulic lift,, and run along an iron trannvay traversing the roof. The clock tower is still unoccupied, but the amount of £2,500 has boen placed on the Additional Estimates for the clock, bells, fittings, &c.; The ex- ternal aspect of the building, which is of fine Yvhitc freestone on a base of bluestone and red granite, has been made the subject 'of former descriptions. From January to May of the present year, the Public Library has been visited by 87,080 persons. The number of books added to the library in that period has been 1,008. During the same months, the Museum of Art Yvas visited by 22,470 persons, and the Pic- ture Gullery, in March, April, and May, by 11,290. TYVO fine landscapes of Victorian scenery, painted by M. BuY'elot, which Yvon great praise when on vieYV at the Intercolo- nial Exhibition, have been purchased by the Commission of Fine Arts, and added to tho picture gallery. The collection has also been enriched by the addition of two oil paintings lent by Mr. Fisher. The Art Museum has also received some noteworthy additions during the month, amongst which maybe mentioned a beautiful female bust, named by the artist "La Puberta," the work of a living Italian sculptor (Lucca Flaminio, of Milan), which has been presented by the hon. G. F. Verdon. A number of curious and rare specimens of Chinese art were purchased by the trustees at the recent sale of the Eastern collection of Mr. G. Lewis, of Shanghai-villa, and added to the museum. Amongst these are a couple of copper vases, inlaid on the outer surface with enamel of different colours, according to a process known as enamel cloisonné, the secret of which seems to be now lost. Then there is a vase of the hard jade-stone beauti- fully carved and highly polished, a salver of Malacca Yvare, and an elaborately-carved screen of the variegated soap-stone. A curi- ous contribution has been made to the ethno- logical part of the museum by Mr. and Mrs. Le Soeuf, who have presented to it a complete collection of native weapons, or rather models of weapons in reduced size. They are very nicely finished, and accurate in form and pro- portion. The case in which they were con tamed is covered on the external surface with line pictures drawn on the wood, representing various phases of native life, hunting, fight- ing, &c.; The collection was executed by its donors, Mr. and Mrs. Le Souf. The circumstances attending the dismissal andre-instalment of police-cons tablcM'Glade, haY-c attracted some amount of public and Parliamentary notice during the month. The constable had been charged before the Kyneton,Bench with grossly misconducting himself m a railway carriage towards two ladies. The magistrates held the case proved, and fined the defendant 20s. The Chief. Commissioner of Police considered that a constable convicted of such bohaviour should not he allowed to remain in the force, and dismissed him. Representations, on behalf of M'Glade, YVere subsequently made to the Chief Secretary by Messrs. Sands and King, M.L.A.'s, accompanied _ by re- marks in his favour from the parties who had been complainants against him. The magistrates who had decided, on the case having been officially communicated Yvithr, could not see any reason to alter or qualify their previous decision ; but the Chief Secre- tary having arrived at the conclusion that the constable had been severely dealt with, and that the fine Yvithout the dismissal Yvould have been a sufficient punishment, the Chief Commissioner, apparently with great_ re- luctance, yielded to the VÍCYVS and Yvishes of the Chief Secretary, and ordered that the constable's discharge should be cancelled. When it is added that during the interval between the constable's dismissal and re- instatement he prudently subscribed £t to the notorious "Sands Testimonial Fund," it is seen that the matter has a link of connexion Yvith a case of Parliamentary cor- ruption that has been before related. An affiliation case {which, from the social position of one of the parties, excited some interest, Yvas tried in the e'itzroy Police Court lately. The defendant Yvas Mr. J. F Born, at one time mayor of Fitzroy, the complainant being a married woman named Skcad, tho Yvife of a captain in the merchant service. Mrs. Skead had not lived Yvith her husband for six or seven years, and it Yvas supposed he was in China at the time of this occur- rence. In the early part of 1865, Mrs. Skcad YVOS living with a Mrs. Bewley, at Collingwood, when she became acquainted with Mr. Bom, to whom, as member of the local Benevolent Committee, she applied for assistance, and, according to her statement, an intimacy took place between them, Yvhich resulted in the birth of a child, for whose maintenance Mr. Bom was sued. From the evidence given on behalf of the complainant, it appealed that the defendant had taken houses at different times for her, had paid rent for her, had be- fore the birth of the child paid her 10s. per Yvcek, and after that event increased the allowance to 15s. A fcYV months afterwards it Yvas agreed betYveen them that Mrs. Skead should accept £100 to abandon any further claims against Mr. Bom, and should proceed to Sydney. This agreement was reduced to Yvriting, and Yvas carried into effeet so far as the payment of tho £100 and the departure for Sydney Yverc concerned. But, tho money spent, Mrs. Skcad rencYvcd her demands for therfur assistance, Yvhich being refused she returned to Melbourne, and instituted the legal proceed- ings referred to. Tho dofendant denied alto- gether the paternity of the child, denied that ho had ever rented any houses for Mrs. Skead, admitted that ho cavo her occasional sums from pure benevolence alone, and explained his payment of the £100 as being made to avoid public scandal, and for the Bake of his family. The evidence was Y'ery contradictory, but, after a patient hearing of two days, the magistrates arrived at the conclusion that the evidence against Mr. Born was not suffi- cient, and they accordingly dismissed the case. The East Collingwood Borough Council has the credit of being the first municipal body to undertake and carry far towards comple- tion a thorough system of district drainage. The district has boon divided into three areas of drainage, one of which-the Johnston street line-is drained by a main tunnel 1,890ft. in length, of oval form, 7ft. high i 5ft. broad, built of strong cemented brick Yvork. This is supplied by two feeder tun- nels, smaller in size, but of similar construc- tion, one being 1,158ft. and the other 1,878ft. in length. These aro the principal Yvorks included in the scheme. The total cost of the Yvorks is £30,239 5s., of which £15,000 is raised by loan, secured upon a rate, tho pro- ceeds of Yvhich aro invested in Government debentures to pay off the capital at tho ex- piration of ten yeais. The council also had received £5,000 by Parliamentary vote, with tho promiso of £2,500 moro for the present year. The Yvhole of tho cost is not yet pro- vided for. Tho first meeting of tho noYvly-formed senate of the University YVOS held on tho 2nd hist., for the purpose of taking steps for the election of a warden. The llov. Dr. Bromby and the Hon. G, Higinbotham wero put in nomination. The election was adjourned for a fortnight, a committee being appointed to draw np rules for tho furtherance ot the busi- ness of tho senate. At the adjourned meet- ing, tho name of Mr. Higinbotham having by his desire been withdrawn, Dr. Bromby Yvas elected. The Hon. John O'shanassy, on his arrival at this port on tho 17th inst. by the Great Britain, was welcomed by a large number of his friends, who boarded the steamer at her anchorage in the bay, and was also received on arriving at tho Melbourno station of the railway by another croup who were there waiting to give a cordial welcome to the re- turned Victorian statesman. Congratula- tions of a most hearty character were ten- dered to Mr. O'shanassy, whose health ap- peared to have much benefited by his visitlto his native country. The award of the arbitrators in the case between the representatives of Messrs. Cor- nish and Bruce and the Government was given in a week ago. The sum claimed in the action tried at bar before the Supreme Court was £304,000 ; but on going to trial the claim was modified by the omission of certain items, and thus reduced to -£200,000. The verdict of the jury, corrected by the judges on legal points raised, was for £155,000, which carried the petitioners' costs, amounting ¡to £10,000. Ultimately/ in lieu of an appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, an arrangement waa come to by which the contractors agreed to accept £107,500 as a settlement of their 'claims under the ver- dict, to pay their own costs of action, to admit against the sum of £27,000 (cash de- posit and per centages) held by the Govern- ment, a claim of £9,400 for engines and waggons lent to the contractors, and to refer to arbitiation a quéd^ion of over-payment for ballast, on account of which the Government claimed to retain £17,000, being the balance of the £27,000 held by it. The award of the arbitrators was, that an overpayment had been made of £9,700. The final settlement of this important claim will thus be effected, by the payment by the Government to the contractors of £118,400, inclnsive of the cash deposit of £10,000 lodged in the Treasury by tlie contractors. A submarine cable, to connect Cape Schanck (Victoria) with Tamar Heads (Tas- mania) will, it is expected, be completed by Jnnuary, 18G8, under the arrangements made by Captain Gilmore with the Telegraph Con- struction and Maintenance Company. Captain Gilmore, in a communication to the Tas- manian Government, states that the cable will be of strong and durable construction, and the net outlay is estimated at from £00,000 to,, £70,000. The line chosen is considered, from the result 'of tho survey made, to be free from difficulties, and the coast at Cape Schanck is said to be highly favourable to the submerging of the cable. ' The second charge of forgery and uttering preferred against Mr. AV. N. M'Cann, M.L.A. (he having been» acquitted on the first), was brought on at the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, Melbourne, when an applica- tion was made by prisoner's counsel'that the case might bo 'postponed, to enable lum to apply to a judge in chambers, or to the full court, for a change of venue. The judge con- sented to postpone the trial until the next Criminal Sittings. The final statement of the accounts of the late Intercolonial Exhibition has been laid before Parliament. They show that the receipts from all sources were, from the Treasury, £4,000: from the Exhibiton, £10,473 6s. 3d. ; total,'£14,473 Cs. 3d. Tho expendi- ture was for building and furniture, £6,223 2s. 9d. ; management and maintenance, £7,546 8s. lid. ; total. £13,7C911s. 8d. ; leaving a balance to credit of £70314s. 7d. Mr. Christian Friedrich Schäfer, a German traveller, arrived in Melbourne about three weeks ago, having come overland from Syd- ney, tho greater part of the way on foot. Mr. Schäfer is of dwarfish stature, from the effects of art accidental injury to the spine received in youth, but in spite of this physical drawback he! has during the last fifteen years travelled over a great part of the surface of the world, and mostly as a pedestrian. He has in this manner passed through every country in ¿Europe, through Asia Minor, Syria, Egypt, North Africa, and across the width of North America from the At- lantic to the Pacific on foot and alone, ne has in the course of his wanderings compiled a large -mass of observations 'on the customs and character of tho various populations through which he has passed: and, moreover, carries with him a book of credentials,' in which his passports are at- tached, and in which he has an assemblage of autographs of potentates, ambassadors, generals, governors, consuls, mayors, and mandarins! which, when his tour is com- pleted, will be a unique and most interesting collection«) He proposes to make a complete tour of these colonies, and to pass through Eastern Afcia (India and China), finishing his long ramblings by a bold journey on foot through Russian Tartaiy back to his home. The Provisional Committee of the proposed Museum of Industry and Art has been ap- pointed, the following gentlemen being those gazetteil :-The Hon. S H. Bindon, M.L.A., the Hon. W. M. K. Vale, M.L.A. ; the Hon. J. Macgregor, M.L.A.; the Hon. C. J. Jenner, M.L.C.: John Carre Kiddell, Esq., M.L.A. ; Edward Cope, Esq., M.L.A.; Count de Cas telnau, consul of France ; the liev. J. J. Blcasdale, D.D.; Thomas Black, Esq., M.D.; and Professor M'Coy. Mi. M'Culloch, the Chief Secretary, stated in the Assembly, in reply to Mr. B. C Aspi nall, member for Portland, that it was in- tended to construct a breakwater at Portland, so as to make that place a harbour of refuge. He ako proposed to employ convict labour on the work, which would be undertaken at the beginning of next year. The will of the late Mr. James Quirk, of Carlton, was proved the other day in the Supreme Court, the property being sworn not to exceed £100,000, and to be divided among the testator's children. The suit the Attorney-General v. Belson -an information filed in equity to revoke a Crown grant-embraced some curious par- ticulars. A man named Larscombe, occupier of a "residence area" in Ballarat, parted with his interest in it to Messrs. Wilson and Boanas, who built two brick houses on the land, and executed other improvements, valued in the wholo at £600. In the meantime, Belson applied to the Govern- ment to have the land put up for sale, and bought it for £100. He saw the houses jn course of erection, but did not interfere till he got his Crown grant, and then proceeded to eject the previous occupants. At this stage the Government interposed, by the Attorney General filing the information to revoke the grant. The Court, while acquitting Belson of fraud in the matter, decided that on his own showing lie had obtained moie than he in- tended to buy, and more than the Crown intended to give him. He was, therefoie, directed to deliver up the Crown grant to be cancelled, and to execute a re-conveyance of the land to the Crown. A case not veiv dis- similar recently occurred atKiikstall, where, by some inadvorten«» on the pait of the Lands Department, a piece of land granted to the Wesleyan body, and on which they built a church, was offered for sale, and bought by a man named Macnamara. The purchaser had since expelled the congregation and takon possession, which he still maintains. The matter has been brought under the notice of tho Government, who have promised that immediate measures should be taken to expel Macnamara, to whom the grant of tho land had not yet been issued. The news of the distress amongst the Cornish miners has excited a good deal of sympathy on several of the diggings, where a largo portion of the mining population are Cornish men, and measures have been initiated towards raising subscriptions for their relief. The rapid decay of the aboriginal inhabi- tants is not less noticeable in this colony than in Tasmania. A report which lately appeared respecting the Daisy- hill tribe, once (and not long since) very numerous, showed that it had at present dwindled down to a few degraded drunken mendicants, to whom supplies of blankets are given annually, and of food and tobacco weekly. One recently died in a local hospital from disease said to be brought on by intemperance and ex- posure. Another has long been an inmate of the same institution, and the whole of the survivors only number some four or five, besides one or two wretched little half-caste children. A revolting case of brutality was brought recently before the Lilydalo Police Cotut, when it was proved that a child of eleven years, named Annie Howland, had been savagely ill-treated by her employers, a farmer named Younger and his wife. The man had Hogged her most cruelly with his bul- lock whip, indicting terrible cuts, and the woman had taken a stick from the fire and deliberately burned the poor child about the legs, and also endeavoured to thrust it down her throat, The man was sent to gaol for six months, and the woman for one month. The unfortunate child was ordered to the Industrial School for three years. Mr. Grant's estimate of tho quantity of land proposed to be sold by the Government during tho current year comprises 625 acres of town, 16,625 acre» of suburban, and 64,000 acres of country lands. . I The report of Mr, Higinbothom, engineer* in-chief of railways, on the flying survey made of a line of railway from Woodend to Albury, via Woodend, Pyalong, Seymour, and Violet Town, gives the estimated cost at £1,595,000. The estimated cost of a line to Albury branch- ing from the Melbourne and Echuca line at Goomong, is £1,248,000. The cost of the Woodend route Yvould exceed that from Goomong by £347,000, but a saving of forty one miles in distance would be secured by this extra expenditure The sums of £10,000 and £15,000 have been placed on tho additional Estimates for the construction of lunatic asylums at BeecliYvorth and Ararat respectively. £200 also appears on the santo estimates for a Queen's Plate, to he run for under the auspices of the Victorian Racing Club. A man named Warner alias Brassey mysteriously disappeared from his home at Franklinford, near Daylesford, on the 10th of June, under circumstances Yvhich led the police to the belief that foul play had oc- curred. A man named Banks has been ar- rested and detained on suspicion of having had something to do with the absence of the missing man. The vital statistics of Melbourne and suburbs for the month of May give the num bei of deaths at 273, which is fewer than in any month since last September, and con- siderably beloYv the average l'or May during eight years. Of the deaths, 54 per cent. Yvere males, 40 per cent, females. The Uiver Murray snagging party, under Mr. Shelley, have effected a good deal of very useful work since operations have been re ncYved, the channel haY'ing been cleared for four or five miles above and the same dis- tance below the mouth of the Ovens, nad it not bçen for the improvements effected by Victoria under Mr. Shelley, it is considered that the navigation from Echuca to Wah- gunyah Yvould not have been open so early as it was by tYvo months. The half-yearly examination of teachers and candidates for teachers' certificates under the regulations of the Board of Educa- tion was held on the 12th inst. Two hundred and nine candidates (ninety-one males and 118 females) presented themselves for exami- nation. About 350 candidates, in addition to the above, Yvere examined on the same day, at various towns in the country dis- tricts. A_ return laid before Parliament SIIOYVS that during the last ten years Government has spent in the search for a coal-field the sum of £l0,09G 15s., inclusive of the reward paid to Richard Davis for the discovery of the Cape Paterson field. Of the aggregate amount, £585 15s. YVOS spent on the east shore of Port Phillip Bay, £155 5s. at Queenscliff, £2,050 14s. at Bellerine, £1,427 8s. 8d. for Geelong, £500 for Portland, £1,20517s. 2d. at Griffiths' Point, £2,587 5s. at Cape Paterson (including the retvard of £1,000, already alluded to), and £1,57813s. 8d. in Gipps Land. The bore put doYvn by the Government about three nulcs from Cape Paterson has reached a depth of 390ft. No coal had been touched, but the lust recorded observation Yvas two feet of very dark smut. From the 1st of January to the 28th of May of the present year, the total number of adults sent for from the United Kingdom, under the immigration regulations of 1805, YVOS 1,500. Of these, 391A Yvere from England and Wales, 120A from Scotland, and 994 from Ireland. A great raihvay conference YVOS held at Wangaratta upwards of a fortnight ago, and was attended by fifty-six delegates from public bodies and railway leagues. It YVOS decided to present a memorial to the Governor in Council, urging that active and immediate steps be taken to construct a line of railway to tlie Ovens and Murray districts. A man named Charles Hunter, oged twenty seven years, by trade a watchmaker, went to the Crystal TaY-crn on the evening of the 16th inst, and proceeded to the kitchen at the back of the premises. About a quarter of an hour afterwards the barman, on going into the kitchen, found the man hanging by a piece of rope to a hook in the Yvall. Life YVOS extinct. At the inquest held the jury returned a verdict of felo-de-se. Very severe Yveather has lately prevailed in the alpine districts of Wood's Point, Matlock, and the Dargo, A week ago, at Matlock, tho ground was covered with six inches of snow, icicles Yvere hanging from the eaves of the houses, and water in tubs and casks YVOS so frozen that it was impossible to draw any Yvithout first thaYving it by the application of heat to the ban-els. On tho track from the Dargo to Bright the snow has been lying in places four or five feet in depth. A mau on the Dargo plains recently lost the use of his feet from the effects of the frost. This con- dition of things is somcYvhat at variance> Yvith the conventional general idea o£ the climate of Australia, in Yvhich no difference of locality or elevation is allowed for. Alfred Henry Willis, the defaulting ma- nager of the Tarnagulla branch ot the Colonial Bank, YVOS committed for trial upon the three charges of stealing £2,000 in notes, belonging to the bank ; of embezzling £1,200, and forging a bank receipt for £300. Being arraigned at the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, he pleaded " Guilty" to the first charg«, on Yvhich the other two YVCIO Yvithdrawn. The prisoner received the sen- tence of tYvo years' hard labour. In the Supremo Court, on Saturday YY-CCIC, Mr. Justice MolesYVorth heard the petition of Moss Joshua, merchant, for the compulsory sequestration of the estate of William For longe, squatter in Victoria, Netv South Wales, and Queensland. The alleged act of insol- vency Yvas, "departing from tho colony in May last Yvith intent to delay and defeat cre- ditors." The petitioning creditor's debt Yvas £203,51910s. Oil. ; and other debts, secured or unsecured, Yvere stated-of £00,000 to the Bank of Australasia, of £7,000 to Messrs. Turnbull, of £4,000 to Messrs. TOYVIIS, of £1,800 to Lloyd Jones, and of £1,000 to Goldsbrough and Co. The caso broke doYvn on the evidence of intention to delay or defeat creditors by the journey to New South AValcs. The petition YVOS dismissed, Yvith costs. Some samples of the Yvaters of the Hepburn mineral spring have been submitted to diffe- rent analytical chemists of Melbourne, and its medicinal qualities have beon very favour- ably reported upon. A curious discovery, that of a "mino of amber," has been made at Grassy Gully, near KokcYvood, and some mon aro noYV at work at the mino, and others (prospecting for the same mineral in the vicinity, A professional mineralogist of Ballarat thus reports on the substance found :-"The resinous substance left with me for examination is undoubtedly amber, and has not previously, to my know- ledge, been found in this colony, making, therefore, another addition to our colonial minerals. Tho colour of tho 6aid substance is brown, streaked yollotvish white, trans- parent, conchoidal fracturo, lustro Yvaxy. Specific gravity, 1.1. Acquires resinous elec- tricity by friction ¡ contains empyroumatic oil and succinic acid, and corresponds in all other respects with the brown amber of Europe.-Signed, A. T. ABEL." The last mail from Europo brought back to Mr. G. Crisp, joYvelier, tho small Victorian diamond which ho sent to Amsterdam to be cut. The stone, Yvhich is believed to havo como from the Murrumbidgee district, Yvas purchased from a chance visitor, and was be- lieved to bo a good stone, The expectation has been fully realised, for tho stone, though small-only three-eights of a carat in weight -is of beautiful colour, puro Yvhito, and of fine lustre. It is described by tho cutters in Holland as superior to Brazilian diamonds, and equal to those of Golconda. They add, " Where this stone YVOS found thero must bo thousands of others ;" and thoy naturally ask Yvhy a systematic effort is not mado to got up a trade in these precious stones. This is only the second Victorian diamond that has passed through tho hands of tho lapi- dary. Thero is noYv a fine herd of red deer, tYventy-four in number, on tho Werribee station of Mr. Chirnsido, tho fow Yvhich he imported somo six years ago having increased to that number. Thoy thrive admirably on the nativo grasses, and aro at present in tho healthiest condition possible Thorp YVÍII pro- bably be an increase of about fifteon this season ; and should thoy continue to multiply at this rato, the herd of red deer at Werribee YVÍII in a few years ho one of " the sights" of this colony. A freo market for the salo of gonoral pro- duce, two 'days Yveekly, has been opened at Groville-street, Prahran, under tho auspices of the borough council. It seems likoly that the market will be a great success. _ t The marriage of two educated aboriginals was celebrated at the Mission station, Ramah- yuck, Gipps Land, on the 10th inst, with considerable ceremony. About 150 visitors, the greater number of whom were of the fair sex, were present. Mr. McCrae, the author of the aboriginal poem of Balleadro has published a second poem founded on aboriginal life, and entitled Mamba, the Bright-eyed. The Moravian missionaries who left Ade- laide some time ago for Cooper's Creek, on a mission to the natives, do not seem, to have been very successful in their efforts. It appears that they were very much afraid of the blacks, having no means of protecting themselves ; and hearing from some of the natives that a lot of blacks were about to arrive, they made a regular " stampede" from their camp and started to the nearest settle- ment. The police, on visiting the station four days after, found that everything was as the missionaries had left it ; the place had not been plundered, and a dog which had been left behind had been picked up by the blacks and fed on grass seed and fish. It is stated that the missionaries will not re- turn unless they are permitted to use fire- arms, which is not likely to be a successful way of making converts. There is reason to think that they have somewhat mistaken their calling. A deputation from the committeo of the Chamber of Commerce waited on the At- torney-General a few days ago, to represent to him the desirability of introducing regu- lations to provide that brokers should be licensed, and sworn not to deal in the merchandise entrusted to them j in fact, to adopt a system similar to that in force in London and tho principal mercantile cities of Europe. The Attorney-General promised during the recess to inform himself thoroughly on the subject, and to draft a bill, which he would then submit to the Chamber of Com meroe for approval. CHARGES OF CORRUPTION AGAINST' THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. A considerable amount of the political in- terest of the month has centred on certain, charges of corruption which have been made against members of tho Assembly. Vague charges of this nature have been more than once insinuated in the public journals ; but in this case the allegation was made with a distinctness and circumstantiality which com- pelled the Assembly to take up the matter. The charge originated out of a claim mado by Mr. Hargreaves for reward for the discovery of gold. Some years ago a com- mittee of the Assembly recommended that £5,000 should be given to Mr. Har- greaves, but at the time, in consequence, it was said, of the financial necessities of the Government, only £2,500 was voted by the Assembly. A claim was now made for the balance, and a member of the Assembly (Mr. Frazer) submitted a motion to the effect that His Excellency should be requested to send down a Supplementary Estimate for the amount. The motion; however, was opposed by the Government, and rejected by a majo- rity of two votes. On the day after the decision of the Assembly, on the 12th inst., an article appeared in the Ministerial organ, the Age, in which the following statement appeared : " That corruption nourishes under the pro sent system of non-payment is a matter of notoriety, and that wo were correct in point- ing out a little knot of mern bens as carrying on a trade in political jobbery has been proved by some very recent proceedinca. It is known that when Mr. Hargreaves advanced his claim for payment of a balance alleged to be due to him for the first discovery of a pay- able gold-field in Australia, he was waited upon by a member of the Assembly, and politely informed that if he did not give ten per cent, of tho money as a bribe to two members,- and fifty pounds each to six others, ho was certain to have his appli- cation rejected; but that, if he would agree to give the required tip, success would be certain. We do not pretend to know all about the negotiations ; it is certain, however, that the attempt to extort the bribe was not given up ; and to what extent Mr. Hargreaves thought it prudent to act_ upon the adage which inculcates the policy of holding a candle to the profferer of the first bribe on record, remains to be expluined by himself. His resistance, and his intention all along to expose the corrupt practices carried on, will tell in his favour ; and should he be the instrument of striking off somo of tho heads of the hydra now preying on the body politic, he will deserve a substantial reward for doing the state as great a service as that for which the claim which has been "rejected was advanced. We await his dis- closures, but whatever they may be, it shall be our task to follow up the placarding of those members who live by the levying of black-mail, in order that they may be tor ever excluded from Parliament, whether as paid or unpaid members." When the House met on the 16th, Mr. Langton called attention to this article, and moved that the publisher of the paper should be called to tho bar, with the view of giving him an opportunity of justifying or with- drawing the allocation. The Chief Secretary thought such "disgraceful" articles should bo treated with " the contempt which they de- served," but at the same time would not oppose the motion. It was also agreed that Mr. Hargreaves-upon whose statement it was alleged that the charge hail been made should be summoned to appear at the bar. On the following night, the 17th, Mr. Synio (the publisher of tho Age) and Mr. Har- greaves were successively examined at the bar of the Assembly ; but tho result of tho examination of both gen- tlemen was very unsatisfactory. Mr. Symo, especially, was very shuflling and reti- cent in the answers which ho gave. Ho named Mr. Hargreaves as the authority for the statements he had made, and stated that that person had mado similar allegations to the editor of the Ace. Mr. Symc read statu toiy declarations, signed by himself and by the editor of tho Aue, to the effect that Mr. Hargicaves had, without any solicitation, in- formed thom that certain members of the Assembly had said that, if ho would dis- tribute a coi tain amount of money as a per- centage to them, he would have his monoy ; but that ho did not name the members to whom ho referred. In reply to further ques- tions, Mr. Symo stated that he had gono to some parties with the view of verifying Mr. Hargreaves' charge, but declined to disclose their names. Ho still believed in the truth of tho charge. Mr. Hargreaves was thon called to tho bar, and denied that he had given Mr. Symo tho information on which the article was based. He never mentioned tho Humes of any members of Parliament in connexion with the matter. Ono day. how- ever, ho met Mr. T. H. Hadley, who in- formed him that a little money would do a great deal of good, but he did not make any proposal of tho nature stated in the article to that gentleman. Mr. Hargreaves then stated that about five years ago ho mado an ar- rangement with Mr. Butters (of the linn of Baillio and Butters, sharebrokers) to givo him ten per cent, for tho recovery of tho hillanco of the money which ho considered was duo to him by tho Parliament. When this matter was coming on Mr. Buttors carno to him and said, that besides the commission ho would îequiro £250, us ho was pledged to givo five members £50 a piece. Tho names of the members, however, woro not men- tioned. Mr. Hargreaves was then subjected to a long examination on this point, _ but nothing further of importance was elicited, and he frequently contradicted himself in the answers which ho gave. Finding that it wus impossible to sift tho matter by examin- ing parties at tho bar, the llouso re- solved to appoint a select committee to in- quire into the subject. It is only right to add, that immediately after hearing Mr, Har- greaves' statements, Mr. T. H. Hadley and Mr. Butters gave tho most direct contradic- tion to the allegations which had been made with reference to thom by Mr. Hargreaves. The committeo havo had sovoral sittings, but as their proceedings havo been private, tho naturo of tho cvidonco is imperfectly known. Mr. Butters, a broker, was ex- amined, and gave a direct contradiction to the allegations made by Mr. nargreuves with regard to proposals to pay members of Parlia- ment. CAPITAL IN VICTORIA. The second part of the Rogistrar-Gonoral's Statistics of Victoria for tho year 1866 has been issued. It is entitled " Accumulation." Of tho ten banks which furnishod returns, tho Bank of Victoria holds the largest amount of deposits. The amount lying at interest which it announces as in its hands is £1,161,555 10s, Cd., and of cash deposits payable at 1 call £052,193 7s. Tho Bank of Australasia stands next on ' the list, with an item of £837,350 Is. Cd. for interest- bearing moneys, and one of £531,826 7s. 7d. for deposits payable at call. The total amount of fixed deposits at interest held by all tho banks is £5,301,500 12s. 8d., shoYving an increase of over £100,000 since last year ; and of deposits payable at call, £2,987,270 8s. lid., showing a decrease of nearly £250,000. The total amount of liabilities is announced as being £9,740,575 2s. 6d., and of assets £14,885,354 19s. 9d., Yvhilo the amount of capital stock paid up is £8,092,550, and the amount of resorved profits at the time of the declaration of tho last dividend was £2,151,287 3s. 4d. The amount of notes in circulation for the year 1866 is stated ns being £1,211,887 6s. 8d., Yvhile in 1805 it was £1,319,18G 16s. 9d. ; the decrease, hoYvover, is compensated for in some degree hy the in- crease in amount of coined metal, winch is stated at £1,377,645 0s. 10d., Yvhile in 1865 it Yvas only £1,350,540 0s. 5d. The main rea- son, however, for the decrease of cash de- posits and circulating notes is the closing of petty cash deposits and the almost universal employment of cheques as a circulating medium. The amount of bills in circulation has jumped from £75,791 to £144,093, and the Government securities, Yvhich in 1865 rose from £93,424 5s. 9d. to £123,70517s. 3d., have dropped to £40,136 8a. 7d. Tho returns as to the savings banks form no small item in tho statistics of accumulation, tho number of depositors at the close of the year ending June, I860, being 16,985, and the amount de- posited, £642,028 13s. 2d. To the numerous selections of land made under the 42nd clause, and the many calls for capital Yvhich have been made upon the Yvorking-men during the past year, must the decrease in the number of depositors bo attributed. The total number of new accounts opened in the savings banks in 1806 was £0,101, and the number closed £7,064. The amount of deposits under £20 is £55,376 10s. 9d., and the number of deposi- tors, 9,820 ; only 598 persons havo deposited sums exceeding £200, but the amount depo- sited is £187,425 16s. 7d. The Yvives of Yvork ing- men appear to appreciate the institution of savings banks as much as their husbands, for out of 10,030 depositors, 6,721 were women. In the year 1854 there were only four saY-ings banks in the colony, viz., at Melbourne, Geelong, Portland, and Bel- fast ; liOYV there are elcY'cn, the last of which, Yvas established at Hamilton in 1862. The institution of Post-office savings banks seems also to have met with much encouragement. Tho year 1865 saw the establishment of 31 of them ; there are noYv 50, and the amount deposited has increased from £18,520 7s. 3d. to £80,57016s. 4d. The balance in the hands of theP.O.S.B. authorities is £58,G9010s. lid., being_ an average of £8 13s. 3d. for cadi depositor. The withdraYvols amounted ' to £25,931 15s. 3d., and the balance in hand shows au increase of £11,000 since its first establishment in 1865. The total amount of land mortgages is £1,791,101 3s. lid., Yvhich is apportioned in the follOYV ing manner:-Town lands, £474,757 5s. 2d. ; suburban lands, £243,719 17s. 3d. ; coun- try lands, £1,045,024 0s. 8d. ; and .unde scribed lands, £27,000 0s. lOd. Tho largest number of transactions appear to bo in amounts from £100 to £150. The sum of tho releases registered for 1866 is given as 1,171, amounting in value to £601,399 12s. lOd. The mortgages on live stock Yvere 205 -in number, and amount to £1,160,963 6s. 10d., sheep forming the principal item in tho account. Only 95 releases Yvere effected, ' amounting to £562,301 17s. The liens on wool are stated to amount to £871,565 Is. Id., and the releases to £10,700. The lund mort- gagors have increased by 105 persons since '65, and the amount borrowed by nearly £460,000. The liens on YVOOI havo mounted from 189 to 255, and the amount from £655,562 5s. 5d. to £871,565 Is. Id., a larger sum than ever yet lent on wool in the colony. There are no less than twenty-six building societies Yvhich furnished returns to the re- gistrar-general, and four more aro in exist- ence Yvhich did not send in returns in timo to bo printed. The gross assets of the Yvhole twenty-six amount to £050,22710s. 5d., and tho liabilities to £431,6-11 9s. 5d., whilo the number of members at the date of the last balance is given as 8,036. The savings banks le tunis ore perhaps moro Yvorthy of notico than any other portion of the report, on account of the light they throYV on the condi- tion of the YY-orking-classes. By far the largest number of depositors are those YVIIO come under this denomination. The depositors of sums under £20 are nearly treble in number the depositors of £50, and form more than a half of the aggregate number of 16,985 de- positors ; Yvhile the total amount of monoy deposited in the coffers of the saY-ings banks is £042,028, or more than £1 a heud upon tho average population of the colony. THE GOLD-FIELDS. Much interest has been excited during tho month by the rapid progress of the gold Yvorkings at Alexandra, on the Goulburn River, and by the discovery of noYv and pay- able ground at Myers'-llat, near Bendigo. The Yvorkings at Alexandra consist both of alluvial ground and quartz reefs, and in tho former case the sinking is remarkably cosy, varying from six inches to tvyolvo feot. Tho gold is licaY-y and coarse, and. most of tho claims have proved remunerative, tvhilo in many instances the ground has turned out very rich. One man is reported to have Yvushed out, Yvith a common dish, £5 Yvortb. of gold in a day, and another is said to have obtained seven pounds YY'eight in a week, Yvhich represents moro than £300 sterling. The quartz reefs are richer even than the alluvial Yvorkings, and their character may bo gathered from the folloYV ing reports ot crushing» Yvhich havo recently taken place ¡-Eglinton (prospectors') Claim, 100 tons, 3oz. per ton-total, 300oz. No. 1, Lucky Line, DO tons, 8oz. per ton-total, 400oz. ; No. 2, Lucky Line, 100 tons, lOoz. per ton-total, l,600oz. ¡ No. 4, Lucky Line, 50 tons, 8oz. per ton-total, 400oz, ; Con- nelly's Lend, 45 tons, 3oz. Odwt. 5gr. per ton -total, 13Doz. It is computed that the popu- lation of tho place is now about 2,000, but by some a higher estimate is arrived at. Fresh discoveries aro being constantly made, Yvhile the number of miners on tho ground increases daily, and the gold-field promises to become one of considerable importance. A distinct rush has set in to Steele's Creek, which is situated about eight miles from Alexandra. The ground is very shallow, from tYvo to six feet. Several nuggets Yveigh ing over un ounce hove been discovered. Tho gold is of a heavy shotty description. Tho ground is repotted to bo very rich, and is taken up for miles. The Myers'-ilat nish has already attracted a largo population, and YVO aro constantly , hearing of fresh arrivals. The sinking hero seems to run from thirty to forty feet, and tho results obtained havo been very encouraging. Tents are going up in all directions, and fur- ther signs of permanency aro scon in the oroc tion of blacksmiths' shops, butchers' shops, and beer shanties, and these YVÍII no doubt bo at once folloYved by stores. Thero seems to be little doubt that a pcrtuauont gold- field has been discovered. In most of the other districts of the colony mining operations aro being carried on Yvith great success, Tho yields at Ballarat, as well OB in othor district«, havo heenexcecdinglygood;onccompany,tholland and Bund, obtuining no less than l,500oz, of gold in two days. The dividends paid hy regis- tered mining companies in this district last Yveck amounted to nearly £13,000, and tho average of tho last live or six weeks would give an annual revenue from dividends alone of over half a million sterling. Favourable reports have been received from most of tho other districts in -the colony, and mining affairs generally may bo said to be increas- ingly prosperous. THE YIELD OF GOLD. The returns from our gold-fields for tho first six months of the present year arc satis- factory. The lowest point in Victoria's yield of gold has been passed. Tho exports for tho half-year ending the 30th June last aro considerably in advance of those for the cor- responding period of 1860, and although this is in some measure accounted for by tho fact that tho quantity of gold retained by tlio several banks has considerably decreased, ,yot the net yield for the six months shows re- markably well. The latter half of the tvvolyo months is almost altvays the most productive, and there is evory probability that tho quan- tity of gold obtained during the present year will be considerably iii excess of that procured during 1866, notwithstanding that the number of persons engaged in mining has decreased by some thousands. We find that the exports of Victorian gold from the colony during the first six months of the current year amount to 779,210oz. But the whole of this is not the produce of six months' work, since the quan- tity held by the banks was reduced from 146,626oz. on the 1st of January, to 97,828oz. on the 30th of June. The difference between these two sums, or 48,798oz., must therefore be substracted from the gross quantity ex- ported, and this will give us as the net yield of gold for the period named, 730,412oz. The total exports of gold amounted last year to 1,480,597oz., and the net yield to 1,536,581oz., the quantity retained by the banks having increased during the year by 55,984oz. By far the larger portion of the year's yield was obtained during the latter half of the period, and the exports were also much larger during the last than during the first six months of the year. The average number of persons engaged in mining last year was 73,479, and taking the gold obtained by them at £4 per ounce, their individual earnings would amount, within a fraction, to 31s. per week. During the six months ending 30th June last, the average number of miners on the gold-fields was only 67,004, showing that 6,415 persons had aban- doned gold digging for other, and, it is to be hoped, more luciative pursuits. With the de- crease in the number of men employed has come increased remuneration ; for the 730,412oz. obtained by our miners during the first half of this year gives to each man a weekly wage of 33s. Cd. Nearly one- fourth of the whole of the miners at work in the colony are employed in the Ballarat dis- trict ; the numbers being—Ballarat, 16,241 ; Castlemaine, 12,383 ; Maryborough, 10,826 ; Sandhurst, 10,403 ; Beechworth, 9,206 ; Ararat, 4,872 ; and Gipps Land, 3,131. Out of the total number of miners given above nearly 19,000 are Chinese. The total area of land mined on in the colony amounts to 853 square miles, and the approximate value of the whole of the mining plant employed is £2,071,648. Over six millions sterling are in- vested in mining enterprises in the colony. THE BALLARAT RESERVES. All the companies interested in these re- serves have at last accepted the arrangement proposed by the Royal Commission as satis- factory, with the exception of the Hand and Band Company, who refuse to take the de- cision of the commissioners as a settlement of the question. Proceedings have been com- menced by the Crown against the company, and also against the other companies in terested in the Ballarat Park Reserve. Judg- ment has been reserved ; but the general impression is that the Hand and Band Com- pany have made out so strong a case that they will be able to resist the Government suc- cessfully. The whole case, we believe, will have to be dealt with afresh, and in a dif- ferent manner, the recommendations of the Royal Commissioners having been of a cha- racter which sets all law and equity aside ; as regards the Hand and Band Company, in- deed, the arrangement proposed by the com- missioners is simply monstrous. AGRICULTURE. Fruit trees are coming into blossom, and we are nearly through the winter, without a check to the out-door work of the farmer or gardener. Never has there been a more favourable season for getting in the crops, or less hindrance to the work of ploughing or sowing. Therefore, the present abundance promises to continue for at least another year. Prices of produce are still low, but the best wheat having risen to a few pence over 5s. a bushel, shipments for England will not be so extensive as they were, unless we should receive intimation that the harvest there is likely to be deficient again. The shipments made already, although trilling compared with the wants ol the old country, have greatly re- lieved our markets, winch otherwise would have been sadly depressed with an uncon- vertible surplus. The import and export tables for the first half of the current year show what a change is taking place in the grain and breads tuft trade of the colony. Thus, as compared with the first half of the year previous, there was a decrease in the value of imports over exports of no less than £403,825, the list including barley, pulse, maize, malt, oats, lice, wheat, flour, meal, &c.; The net balance ot imports over exports for the first six months of the year was only £245,538, while in the value of Hour the balance was the other way to the extent of £3,766 against £108,078, excess of imports in 1860, and £28,286 in excess of imports of wheat during the first six months of this year, against £426,758 paid in excess of exports for wheat in 1866. So that, instead of having to pay to other countries some £600,000 for bread stuffs this year, we will, if exports continue anything near what they are, have only to pay this year fifty or sixty thousand pounds. More oats have also been exported than imported, and this is the first year the balance is in our favour with regard to any kind of grain. But the total value of imports will long be against us, for maize and rice form very large items, and these cannot be grown here. There are, of course, still complaints of the low prices, and probably a greater extent of old and half-worn-out land has been laid down with crabs than during any winter before ; but the breadth of wheat has doubtless been much increased, too, by the fresh occupants of small allotments being prepared to sow so much more than they did last year. Vegetables are also exceedingly abundant and cheap still ; dairy produce alone keeping up its price, and this not from any scarcity of grass, for the cattle are all in the best of condition. But there are not enough dairy farmers yet to supply fully the large towns, in which the consumption is now very great. The balance will, however, be adjusted soon, now that grain-growing does not pay so well as it did. From 1s. 6d. to 2s. a pound for butter during three-fourths of the year, the prices now and generally ruling here ought to pay well for dairy-work where cattle and glass are so cheap. The period for spring shows is about to commence, and some of those in pastoral districts where sheep are the principal ex- hibits, will be held next month. But many of the societies are in a very unsatisfactory condition, languishing for want of support both pecuniary and otherwise. In fact, too many have been started, and districts thus divided into two or three parts which would have supported one society well. It is even a question whether the old established Port Phillip Farmer's Society, once so strong and influential, will be able to live through the year, and give us a show at Melbourne. There has been no division of districts here, but the farmers around town have ceased to take an interest in the ma- nagement of it, and the business people will not come forward to do so. A strong na- tional society appears to be the want now, able to offer large prizes, and hold shows in the principal districts of the colony in suc- cession. The Board of Agriculture, as it was to be reconstituted, might have been able to take the position, but the bill for its amendment has not yet passed, and it may be allowed now to drop altogether. A bill for the amendment of the Scab Act has at length been introduced, and is so stringent, that, if passed in anything like its present form, the settlers will have to clean their sheep or destroy them. According to it, every run in which the sheep are diseased is to be placed in quarantine, and the colony is to be divided into clean, doubtful, and scabby districts. Sheep are not to leave a run so long as it is under quarantine ; nor to pass from an infected into a doubtful, nor from a doubtful into a clean district. Nor are sheep to be allowed to travel at all without permits defining their route, from which they must not stray. It is easy now for anyone to clean his sheep, but the difficulty is to keep them clean, for there is no sufficient check now over the movements of persons driving sheep, which may be diseased or not, as it happens. The question of boiling-down is still being agitated, and will be commenced very shortly on a small scale by individuals ; but companies will have to take the field be- fore next summer, for it is plain that we shall have from two to three millions of sheep over or abovoe the consuming powers of the present population to dispose of this year, and there but the one way of turning them into money. Shearing will now be com- menced in a few weeks on the most northern runs. THE LABOUR MARKET. Throughout the month a gradual improve- ment set in in this market, and, considering that the present season is mid-winter, more activity could scarcely be expected. Hitherto, the chief source of complaint among em- ployers appeared to begin and to end with that of slackness of supply, thereby leaving work of paramount importance in many dis- tricts almost at a stand- still. Lately, how- ever, a reaction has taken place, but al- though a large number seek employment an evident unwillingness prevails among the majority to accept the rate of wage tendered. Frequent instances have lately occurred of men refusing 6s. per day for pick-and-shovel labour in the vicinity of the city, while in the district of Cranbourne con- tractors are offering as high as 7s. per day for the same description of work. Labour agents seek to account for this inexplicable crisis by the fact that the domestic necessities of those apparently seeking employment (chiefly married men) are supplied from a charity known as the Ladies' Benevolent Society. These men skulk about registry-offices day after day, but obstinately refuse the most liberal terms of engagement ; of course as long as they can plausibly represent their inability to "get a job," so long will their families remain pensioners of the charity. If these state- ments be true, quick exposure must follow. On the 5th inst., the Atalanta, from Plymouth via London, arrived with 389 immigrants. The total number of single females who came out was 155, of whom eighty-nine were se- lected by Miss Rye, and sixty-six by the agents of the Emigration Commissioners. There were in addition sixty-three single females, fifty- six single men, and fourteen married couples, who came out as warrant passengers. The public hiring of the females at the Spencer- street depot took place on the 12th inst., when upwards of sixty were engaged. The rates of wages agreed upon were rather in advance of those formerly ob- tained, ranging in the majority of cases from £18 to £26 yearly, according to the duties required. Some of the ladies who visited the depot for the purpose of engaging servants had their sympathies excited by some of the girls, eight or ten in number, who had been selected to go to Port Albert, and who showed the strongest reluctance to enter upon the journey. Some representations were made on their behalf, and the result was that the girls were informed that they would be allowed to remain and secure engagements in Melbourne. In accordance with a standing order, directing that immigrants arriving for hire should be distributed proportionately to the different ports of the colony, thirty were sent to Geelong, and ten to each of the out ports—Portland, Belfast, and Warrnambool. Rates of labour remain unaltered, and are as follow :—Shepherds, £30 to £40 per annum ; hutkeepers, £22 do. ; lads (who can milk), 10s. per week ; general farm labourers, 12s. to 14s. do. ; three-rail fencers (stuff laid on the line), 1s. 8d. to 2s. per rail ; grubbers and splitters and fencers, 4s. to 4s. 6d. per rod ; wood-splitters, 3s. 6d. per ton ; gardeners, 20s. to 25s., and 30s. (first-class) per week ; bush carpenters, 17s. to 20s. per week, with rations ; general carpenters undertaking bush work, 25s. do., do. ; black and shoeing smiths, 30s. do. ; wheelwrights, 33s. to £2 do. ; brick- makers, 18s. to £1 per 1,000, with rations ; married couples, without encumbrance (first class), £00 per annum ; do. (second class), £45 to £55 ; female servants (good country), £26 do. ; cooks, housemaids, £20 do. ; laundresses, £20 to £28 do. ; nursegirls, 5s. to 7s. per week. Common labour may be quoted at 6s. to 7s. per day. The Victorian Mercantile Registry office forwards the following report :—" An unusually dull month has passed since our last report. Good commercial travellers are in demand ; for bookkeepers and clerks there is little doing, a large number of the latter class being unemployed. A few drapers' assistants have been required for the country ; and an irregular inquiry exists for grocers' and ironmongers' assistants. Intelligent boys and youths can meet with appointments ; but owing to the extreme dulness prevailing in commercial circles, a great number find con- siderable difficulty in obtaining suitable situations." MURDER WILL OUT. The annals of Victoria have just afforded a striking instance of what the old writers called "God's revenge against murther." On the 14th July, 1862, on the banks of the River Coliban, an escaped convict named William Henry Terry murdered a naturalised Dutchman named Peter Reddick, was arrested at the time for the crime, con- fessed it, was not believed, was discharged, and now, five years after, he being charged with bigamy, the bones and skull of the murdered man are found in the dry bed of the Coliban, on the banks of which the murderer and the murdered were last seen ; old suspicions are revived, circumstances are fitted together, and, lastly, Terry lies cast for death, having been convicted of his crime on the 10th instant. The long series of colla- teral facts adduced by the police at the trial, to sheet home the guilt of the accused, need not be recounted here : but we will give an outline of this remarkable story, taking our readers back to July, 1862. Then Terry who was known by different names, and at that time passed as Maguire—was living with a freed convict woman from Tas- mania of the same name. He had had two children by her : but that, and the fact that ten years before he had married under the name of Mitchell one Eliza Gill, at Gee- long, did not prevent him from desiring to marry Elizabeth Hockey, the daughter of James Hockey, a miner living at Taradale. Like most convicts from Tasmania, Terry was a woodsman, and as such had agreed with Reddick to work with him. Reddick had been a farm servant, had saved money, bought land, and was known by his peculiar narrow retreating forehead and prominent eye-bone. The exact circumstances of their partnership are not known, but at this point Terry's para- mour gives some evidence. She stated at the trial that in July, 1862, Reddick was living in a tent closing to theirs, and that Terry had no money, but that Reddick supplied him with some, with which he bought a horse. Whe- ther she knew it or not, Terry at this time wanted to marry this Elizabeth Hockey, but lacked money for the purpose, He had en- gaged himself to marry on Monday, and on Sunday night he came to his tent, and having lit a candle went out to go to where Reddick was lying in his tent. His paramour had heard him say he wanted money, and "If I ever shake (rob) any man, I'll shake him" (Reddick). Fearing something, she fol- lowed Terry out of the tent, whereupon he beat her, and pulled her hair out, but gave up his design for the time. The next day Terry and Reddick went to work, came back at noon, had dinner together, and again went out together. Reddick was never seen after ; and Terry, who had promised to return to his mistress that night or next day, never again came back to her. The scene then shifts to Hockey's next day, where Terry ap- peared, not at eight a.m., as he had promised, but at four p.m., to marry Miss Hockey. He had money (he had days before ac- counted to those who knew him for having money by saying he got it from a Mr. Frazer, which was a falsehood), and deeds conveying titles to property, which, together with his clothes, were wet through. This he explained by a story about his falling into a waterhole crossing the Coliban, where his horse was drowned, and he narrowly escaped with his life. He was then married under the name of Reddick, and so assumed the possession of all Reddick's property. It was not long before the police began to make inquiries for the missing man, and here begins the strangest part of the story. Terry was arrested, and then and there confessed the murder, which he said was a job concocted between him and Hockey. They murdered Reddick together, he said ; and afterwards, when he married Miss Hockey, it was at Hockey's suggestion that he married under the name of Peter Reddick, a deception not then detected ; an improvised story of his having gone under a false name previ- ously was deemed sufficient explanation. The detectives even then doubted his story, believing him to be implicating an innocent man in revenge for some injury ; and as their prisoner varied in his account, took them to different places where he said the body was buried, and finally declared that Reddick had gone to New Zealand, they gave up their accusa- tions, and he was discharged. No trace of Reddick was discovered after ; and there were then left in the hands of the police a curious waistcoat with glass buttons, a sugar bag weighted with stones which fitted to a piece of rock overhanging the river at the point where Terry and Reddick were last at work—both articles fished from the bed of the river—and a white hat, with a curious hole in it, found in some rushes near the last-mentioned place. The hat and waistcoat were known to be Red- dick's, but their discovery proved no- thing. Five years elapsed ; and some miners found in the dry bed of the river, 100 yards from the place where the rocks had been broken, human bones and a skull. They were suspected to be Reddick's, for the shape of the skull closely resembled his well remembered head ; and when the old white hat was brought from its receptacle and fitted to it, where was a deadly hole in the skull which exactly corresponded to that in the hat. The suspicions against Terry, who still lived in the district, were re- vived. He was arrested, and tried on the 9th and 10th inst. ; the old evidence was reproduced, and scientific evidence having proved the skull to be that of a European, and the hole to be a necessarily fatal injury, pro- bably inflicted by a pick found near the place, the jury after half an hour's deliberation brought in a verdict of " Guilty." The Chief Justice, who presided, then sentenced the prisoner, who seemed unconcerned, to death, without hope of mercy. MURDER OF MR. T. Y. BURKE. We are now approaching the last scene of this diabolical affair, the narration of which has already occupied a large space in our two last monthly summaries. Searle and Ballan, the murderers—practically by their own con- fession, the one by an explicit statement, and the other by damnatory admissions were tried at the last Ballarat Circuit Court, and sentenced to death, without hope of mercy. Their trial lasted nearly five days, and the able counsel for the de- fence—Mr. Walsh for Ballan, and Mr. Aspinall for Searle—provided by the mercy of the Crown, struggled hard to set up a case, but, fortunately, in vain. They applied seriatim for a postponement, a change of venue, and a separate trial ; but each request was refused in a calm judicial spirit by the presiding judge, his Honour Sir Redmond Barry. The prosecution was also most temperately con- ducted by Mr. Travers Adamson, and indeed the judge went out of his way to compliment the professional gentlemen on the ability and spirit each had displayed. We need not repeat the story of the murder. How Mr. Burke, carrying gold and driving his buggy along a lonely road, was greeted in a friendly way by one scoundrel, so that the horse was stopped, while the other crept behind his victim and shot him through the head ; how they got home safe with their gold ; and how the roused public and police were led to sus- pect them, to track their horses through nearly twenty miles of bush country to within a mile of the scene of the murder, and Searles guilty terrors led to the discovery of the pistols they had carried and the gold they had stolen under circumstances which had brought their guilt conclusively home to them. Nearly seventy witnesses were called to fill up every link in the chain of evidence, and the defending counsel were reduced as a last resource to question the proceedings of the police in ob- taining a confession from Searle ; but it seemed as though Providence had turned specially against the accused, so curiously did the evidence prove how that con- fession was only the impudent attempt of one murderer to hang his accomplice and save his own neck. Searles nervous fears soon led him to negotiate with the police to be accepted as an approver, and so unsatisfac- tory was the evidence then gained that Mr. Nicolson, superintendent of detectives, had determined to get the Government to take his evidence should seven days more bring forth no fruit. Four days only elapsed when Searle heard that a detective named Eason had gone to Camperdown, which to his mind meant—and the event proved he was right the discovery of the Jew hawker who had gone with him (Searle) to buy the very bullet mould which had been already found with the pistols. He then determined to assume that he had already received a promise of pardon, confessed the murder, and told where the gold lay hid. In doing this, he more securely settled his own and accomplice's fate, and it is doubtful if they have a friend in the world. The excitement on Ballarat during the trial was intense. The two con- victs now lie awaiting their fate in Ballarat Gaol, and it is to be added, with regret, that the hopes of life are strong within the hearts of both. A STORY OF LOST CHILDREN. Late on Sunday night, the 30th of last June, the Daylesford police were told a sad story of missing children. At ten o'clock that morning three boys, William Graham, aged seven ; Thomas Graham, aged four ; and Arthur Burman, aged five years, the sons of respectable persons, started from their homes, in Connell's Gully, to search for wild goats. They did not come back to dinner, and the fathers, somewhat alarmed, started with some neighbours to look for them. By some means or other it was ascertained that they had gone to- wards the junction of two creeks, but all traces were lost on the ranges between Sailor's Creek and Blanket-flat. Night set in, and the anxious fathers spoke to the police, three of whom turned out at once and joined the parents and Blanket-flat police in a search which lasted till one o'clock in the morning. The night was cold and dark, and as no good could be done by looking, further operations were suspended till the morning. Then further inquiries elicited that a store keeper named Mutch had seen the children four miles on the Ballan-road, and had directed them to follow the telegraph wires back to Daylesford. They must have been afterwards led astray by the beaten track to Specimen hill, on which, about dusk, they met a boy named Quinn, who told them that they were going from Connell's Gully instead of to it. The eldest boy did not seem at all alarmed ; but since Quinn left them they have been lost. This information was the fruit of Monday's search, and becoming known it caused a feeling of wide-spread excitement. The miners of the Specimen-hill Company's claim put aside their work and began a search, in which they were joined by the men on the Corinella mine, the Telegraph saw- mills, and Clarke's mills, and nearly till the splitters in the terrible forest. The wea- ther was boisterously wet and cold, but though it obliterated tracks it did not deter the zealous searchers, who at last found impressions of two different-sized children's shoes, two miles from Specimen-hill, and in the direction of the source of the Werribee River. This is all Bullarook forest, and a nearly impenetrable region, the scrub growing high and abundantly, so that a man might securely hide from his pursuers a very few feet from them. Even the searchers themselves got bewildered, and when night set in the task was abandoned in despair. The party returned to Daylesford on Tuesday evening ; but so violent was the ebullition of public feeling at this want of success, that a public meeting at Bleackley's Hotel was called that very night. The town crier went round, the fire-bell rung, and at eight p.m. the large room of the inn was filled to suffocation. The mayor presided, and with one voice it was agreed that business should be utterly suspended next day, that the search might be prosecuted by the inhabitants and the police, who had obtained the services of black trackers. The rendezvous was fixed at the Specimen-hill works, the manager of which kept the whistle, which could be beard two miles, sounding till nightfall. The fire-bell was also rung at given hours, and all day long the work continued, under the guidance of experienced bushmen, who car- ried bread and wine for the revival of the lost ones if found. Altogether, 600 or 700 persons joined in the search. Though all was in vain, the labour of love was not suspended. Next day the shops were still kept shut, 500 persons went out, and in the evening £70 was collected and offered as a reward for the recovery of the lost children. The reward was subsequently increased to £200 ; and the Government offered a reward of £100 more, but this was for the encouragement of bush- men and others, not the people of Daylesford and neighbourhood, who continued their exertions all through the week with such utter unselfishness that it was only to remove a great public inconvenience that shops were partially opened on Friday. All was still in vain, however, and a month has elapsed with- out furnishing the faintest clue to the fate of these poor children. The two fathers, Graham and Burnan, have written to a local paper to express their sincere and heart- felt thanks to the inhabitants of Daylesford, and their satisfaction that all that human aid could do has been done. The children cannot possibly have survived, although they were accustomed to travel about the ranges, were familiar with their father's stories of camping in the bush when he was a trader among the Caffres, and the eldest one had often talked of what he would do if benighted in the bush. The pecuniary sacrifice made by the people of Daylesford, beside their offer of reward, cannot be less than £1,000. Melancholy as this story is, it has a bright side in its exhibition of an unselfish public spirit, which we are convinced is not confined to Daylesford, and of which we as Victorians have good reason to be proud. FATAL ACCIDENT IN PORT PHILLIP BAY. Information was received in Melbourne on the 10th inst. of the occurrence of a serious loss of life in Port Phillip Bay, under peculiar circumstances. The intelligence produced a very deep feeling among all classes, and the places where it was thought likely further and more explicit news of the disaster might be obtained were visited throughout the day by large numbers of eager questioners. The preliminaries for a prize-fight had been for some time under consideration between the friends of two well-known boxing men, Alf. M'Laren, of Ballarat, and Jack Carstairs, of Melbourne. Arrangements were finally completed, and, in order to prevent the interference of the police, it was agreed that the fight should take place on the 9th inst., on Mud Island, in Port Phillip Bay. On that date accordingly the steam- tugs Re- solute and Sophia, chartered to convey the combatants and their friends, proceeded down the bay. The toss for choice of ground was won by Carstairs, who, with his backers, were to go by the Sophia ; M'Laren and his party being passengers by the Reso- lute. About fifty persons went by the Sophia, and-something like 160 by the Resolute, the company being of the composition usual at such gatherings. To avoid the danger of having the two men arrested at the Sandridge pier, they were not taken on board until the vessels had started, when Carstairs was picked up by a boat off Williamstown, and M'Laren was similarly taken in off St. Kilda. In accordance with the "articles," the Sophia took the lead, the Resolute being bound to follow in the wake until a landing-place had been selected. The distance was fixed at not less than twenty, and not more than fifty miles from Mel- bourne. The leading boat was piloted by Captain Rockett, to whose discretion the choice of a landing-place seems to have been in a great measure left. After steaming four hours they reached Mud Island, but the tugs were unable to get close enough to land the men, the Sophia having grounded twice on the shal- lows stretching from the island. A course was then made for the east end of the south channel, under Arthur's Seat. The sea there, however, was running so high that the steamers anchored about a mile and a quarter from the beach, off a lee shore, with several sandbanks to the land side of them, covered by about half-a-mile of white breakers, and with a strong sea running in. Some of the Resolute's men hailed the Sophia, and said that it was too dangerous to attempt landing ; but boats were pulled alongside, and a boat-load of passengers started for the shore. The boat was under the charge of a boatman named Sawdy, of Sandridge, and it contained eight passengers. They left the vessel, and after many difficulties the boat was brought near the shore, when the passengers jumped out into the water up to their middle, and waded to land. Almost directly after this boat left the Sophia it was followed by the boat of James Edwards, the well-known waterman, of Prince's-bridge. His boat contained some men well known in pugilistic and sporting circles, making eight in all, who were in charge of the ropes and stakes for forming the ring. Edwards managed his own boat, and succeeded in getting it safely through the tumbling surf in near shore, when the ropes were pitched out and dragged ashore by the passengers. Edwards and Sawdy reached the shore and discharged their passengers nearly about the same time, and when they had done so they observed, on looking back towards the vessels, that another boat had followed and was upset in the surf, and that a lot of people were struggling in the water. While these two boats were getting ashore two others had become filled with passengers from the vessels, and were following behind them. The one which left the Resolute was owned by a man named Bill Hayes, who requested Wil- liam Montiploy, a fisherman well acquainted with every inch of that coast, to steer the boat. Montiploy consented to do so, but ob- jected to carry many passengers through the surf, and when six or seven were in the boat he wished to put off, as that was sufficient for her to carry. Just then several more, amongst them Joseph Cheshire and Charles Bramston (who are two of the drowned), jumped into the boat, which then contained either thirteen or fourteen in all. They put off, and after shipping several seas the boat began to settle, and Montiploy, the steerer, soon found him- self afloat. After some desperate efforts, he scrambled through the surf to the dry land, being the only one who succeeded by his own unassisted efforts in doing so. It was this state of things which Sawdy and Edwards observed When they had brought their passen- gers to land, and upon seeing what happened they immediately pulled back to the spot, and lent prompt assistance. The boat on filling seems to have been turned bottom uppermost by the next sea, and some of the passengers managed to reach it and cling to its sides and keel. Amongst its occupants were :—New- man, a boatman, of Sandridge (drowned) ; George Jones, a butcher, of Sandridge (drowned) ; Woollicott, pawnbroker, Eliza- beth-street (drowned) ; J. Cheshire, keeper of an oyster-saloon, in Bourke-street (drowned) ; C. Bramston, keeper of a similar establish- ment, in Bourke-street (drowned) ; Moore, furniture-dealer, Little Bourke-street ; Quin- lan, landlord of the Kilkenny Hotel, Therry street ; and Hayes, the owner of the boat. Five in all were lost from this boat. By the timely assistance of Sawdy, Hayes was rescued, as was also a man named Ashton ; While Edwards picked up three passengers and took them to the beach. While these events were occurring, another boat, which had put off from the Sophia, was also swamped, and ultimately capsized. It is stated that one man, whose name is not known, was seen to go down. The two boat- men, Sawdy and Edwards, are spoken of in the highest terms by the survivors, for the gallant manner in which they lent assistance to the drowning. Those who were witnesses of the disaster denounce in strong terms the conduct of Captain Rockett, who acted as pilot of the expedition. On the 24th inst. the Steam Navigation Board held an inquiry into his conduct, and after the examination of several witnesses, the inquiry was adjourned until the 29th inst. Inquests have been held on the bodies of Newman and Jones, and a verdict of " Accidentally Drowned" was re- turned. The coroner's inquiry respecting the deaths of Bramston, Cheshire, and Woollicott was adjourned in consequence of the absence of witnesses. BURNING OF THE ORIENTAL RICE MILLS. A serious conflagration occurred on the night of the 9th inst. at the premises in Flin- ders-street, Melbourne, known as the Oriental Rice Mills, a portion of which has for some years been rented for office purposes by the Penin- sular and Oriental Company. The building, which is the property of Mr. James White, is a solid bluestone erection, extending nearly from Flinders-street to Flinders-lane, and was erected many years ago by Mr. G. F. Train. It was then regarded as the only fire-proof store in the city, all the windows, except those at the back, being protected by closely-fitting iron shutters. The first alarm was given soon after ten o'clock, and without loss of time Superintendent Hood started with his brigade from the Town-hall for the scene of the fire. On their arrival they found that Constable Murphy, 261, with the assistance of Mr. King, who lives close by, in the buildings occupied by W. P. White and Co., had forced an entrance through the back of the premises, and got into play a small hose, which hap- pened to be available. Although the fire had only been discovered a few minutes before, the interior of the building was now found to be one mass of flames, showing evidently that combustion had been for some time going on. Before the firemen could bring their hose into requisition the flames had burst through the roof (a slate one), which fell in presently with a crash. Soon after there was an explosion like that of gunpowder, which it was said proceeded from rockets stored in the building by the P. and O. Company, The brigade having got three or four hydrants into play, managed to keep down the flames, which proceeded from the rafters and those portions of the roof which were still standing ; but the fire in the body of the building, fed by a large quantity of rice which was stored there, could not be checked, and the premises were completely gutted. All danger of the fire spreading was, however, at an end, and the buildings on either side—viz., the stores of Messrs. O. Tondeur and Co., and W. Degraves and Co.—escaped without injury. The fire did not extend its ravages at the rear either ; and the engine belonging to the mills, which is situated close at the back, was not damaged. Mr. White's stock, which con- sisted almost entirely of rice, and which was valued by him at about £8,000, was insured. On the 16th inst., Dr. Youl, the city coroner, held an inquiry into the origin of the fire. From the evidence heard, it appeared that on the evening of the accident there was no fire on the premises, the gas had been turned off, and the place locked up at the usual hour. The storeman, Mr. Ruddle, stated that hoe had frequently found the rice in the building heated from getting damp, and on such occasions it was moved. The rats some- times ate holes in the roof and let in the rain. On the day of the fire the rice was not observed to be heated. Mr. Ruddle further added, he had known rice burn spontaneously, and he had seen in- stances of its heating to such an extent that he could not put his hand to it. Mr. White stated that the building was insured under his lease for £2,500, and he insured the stock from time to time, in accordance with the value of it. He had a floating policy with the Northern Insurance Company for £4,000, in addition to that he insured for £3,000 in the Liverpool and London. The machinery was also insured in this company for £3,000, Mr. White added that all his employés were tho- roughly trustworthy, and he had no reason to suspect anyone of setting fire to the place. Mr. Kenny, the manager, stated that on the 10th inst. there were 400 tons of rice on the pre- mises. The steam-engine and all fires were outside the building, except a fire in an office in the front part of the building. Mr. Sydney Gibbons, analytical chemist, in answer to the question which had been submitted to him as to the probability of spontaneous combustion having taken place, stated that he had never met with a recorded case of spontaneous com- bustion of rice, but he had on his notes a case in which great heat was generated, though on that occasion there was excess of moisture and no combustion ensued. From its form and composition rice was less liable to such accidents than some other grain and vege- table products. Mr. Gibbons further stated that sufficient time had not been afforded him to trace out all the collateral circum- stances as closely as he could wish to have done ; but in the evidence before him there was nothing inconsistent with the view that the fire arose from spontaneous combustion. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental fire." COLLISION IN HOBSON'S BAY. A collision of a serious nature took place in Hobson's Bay on the afternoon of the 16th inst., in close proximity to the Railway Breakwater at Williamstown, between the steamer Black Swan, trading between Laun- ceston and Melbourne, and the paddle steamer Luna, bound from Geelong, which resulted in the sinking of the first-named vessel. The occurrence took place very soon after eleven o'clock in the forenoon. The breakwater had hidden the two vessels from each other until they were quite close, and, in spite of every effort to keep clear, the Luna struck the Black Swan on the star- board bow, close to the forerigging, doing such damage that in a few seconds she began to fill, and in a short time sank in five fathoms water, her topmasts and a portion of her funnel being alone visible above the surface. The Luna sustained serious damage to her cutwater and stem ; but being built in watertight compartments, she was enabled to get up the river to the wharf. Fortunately, the accident took place so close to the pier that numerous boats at once were enabled to put off to the scene of the wreck, and all passengers, with the exception of one unfortunate young man, who had his leg broken, were saved uninjured. An in- quiry was held on the 17th, at the Steam Navigation Company's offices, Melbourne, and after sitting two days, and examining numerous witnesses, including the captains and chief officers of each vessel, the board decided that the Luna was in fault, Captain Webb, who commanded her, going on the wrong side of the lightship, and not exercising sufficient care in reducing speed when Hear- ing the breakwater, and ordered Captain Webb's certificate to be suspended for nine months, accompanying their decision with a severe reprimand. We understand that pre- parations for raising the sunken vessel are being made, and that it is expected that her engines, &c.;, will be but little injured by their immersion. A passenger on board the Black Swan at the time of the acci- dent writes as follows :—" After reaching Melbourne from the wreck of the Black Swan, I heard all kinds of absurd state- ments as to the cause of the collision ; and as I was an eye- witness of all that transpired, I take the liberty of sending you a few particulars. The Black Swan left the Queen's left the Queen's Wharf shortly after ten o'clock. At the moment when the col- lision took place I was standing upon the fore- castle, and it could not have been more than a few seconds before this that I first caught sight of the Luna. I had been talking to a fellow-passenger about the wreck of the City of Launceston, and he had promised to show me the spot where she went down. He had not left me any length of time when I saw the Luna, as it appeared to me, coming round a corner at full speed down upon the bows of the steamer I was in ; and as I was in the act of calling out to the captain to draw his at- tention to the Luna, the collision took place between them. My fellow-passenger above alluded to had his leg broken in the crash which took place. Standing where I did, I merely had to step from one steamer to the other, and although I lost all but what clothing I had upon me, I escaped with a few bruises ; and I can assure you was very thankful to get off so easily." It is fortunate that the accident took place so close to the pier, as otherwise nearly all on board would probably have perished. DEATHS IN MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. The following deaths have occurred in the hospital since the preparation of the list which we published two months ago :— Amedee, Mary, 39, native of London ; arrived in 1852 by the Merlin ; died of disease of the kidneys. Anderson, James, 32, joiner, Hert- fordshire ; arrived in 1858 by the Senator ; died of phthisis. Beacom, Mary Jane, 20, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1867 by Fitz James ; died of typhoid fever. Bradbury, Christina, 62, native of Edinburgh ; arrived 1847 by the Adelaide ; died of bronchitis. Brown, Margaret, 60, servant, native of Shropshire ; arrived in 1853 by the Ballarat ; died of cancer of labia. Buglas, David, 52, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1847 by the Arbuthnot ; died of dropsy. Berry, Margaret, 44, servant, native of Edinburgh ; arrived 1855 by Quarantine ; died of phthisis. Carr, John, 54, musician, native of Tipperary ; arrived at Swan River 1850 ; died of fever shortly after admit- tance. Childs, William, gardener, native of Trent ; arrived 1854 by Morning Star ; died of acute bronchitis. Cushing, John, 57, native of Ireland, labourer ; arrived 1842 by the Wood- bridge ; died of pleurisy and bronchitis. Dean, John, 25, labourer, native of Wiltshire ; ar- rived in 1866 by the Red Jacket ; died of erysipelas of head. Donegan, Mary, 30, ser- vant, native of Clare ; arrived in 1855 ; died of phthisis. Finnigan, Mary, 30, servant, native of Cavan ; arrived in 1865 by the Shalimar ; died of typhoid fever. Freeman, Thomas, 60, hawker ; native of Somerset ; arrived in 1837 by the Royal George ; died of rupture of spleen, &c.; Frewing, Frederick, 48, bricklayer ; native of Berkshire ; arrived 1851 ; died of disease of brain. Frith, Francis, 38, labourer; native of Lincoln- shire ; arrived in 1861 by the Royal Family ; died of phthisis. Garrick, William, 24, seaman ; native of Scotland ; arrived in 1867 by the Alhambra ; died of phthisis. Gaylor, John, 32, native of Tipperary, baker ; arrived in 1854 by the Hilton ; died of dy- sentery. Goodfellow, Robert, 33, seaman, native of Leith ; arrived in 1867 by the Briton ; died of dysentery. Gordon, Bridget, 22, servant, native of Ireland ; arrived 1863 ; died of phthisis. Grieve, William, 52, seaman, native of Fyfeshire ; arrived in 1852 by the Chance ; died of disease of liver. Jenkins, William, 74, dealer, native of North Wales ; arrived 1853 ; died of disease of brain shortly after admittance. Johnston, Henry, 33, waiter, native of London ; arrived in 1858 by the Swiftsure ; died of disease of brain. Matthews, William James, 44, native of Surrey, labourer ; arrived by the Appline in 1852 ; died of pneumonia. McCarthy, John, french polisher, native of Cork ; arrived in 1857 by the Roxburgh Castle ; died of phthisis. McCauly, Daniel, 57, native of Ireland, hawker ; arrived in 1851 by the Swordfish ; died of tetanus. Mulbaney, Richard, 50, engineer, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1856 ; died of disease of brain a few days after admittance. Nevin, William, 30, cabinetmaker, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1857 by the Merlin ; died of phthisis. Nightingale, Francis, 50, native of Jersey, seaman ; arrived 1853 by the Reaper. Noblett, Joseph, 43, native of Ireland ; arrived 1867 ; died of disease of liver and brain shortly after admittance. O'Callaghan, John James, 34, native of Cork ; arrived 1853 by Indian Queen ; died of phthisis. Pascoe, Francis, mason, native of Cornwall ; arrived in 1866 ; died of pleuro-pneumonia. Porter, Josiah, 32, shoemaker, native of Essex ; arrived in 1864 by True Briton ; died of pneumonia. Prouse, Mary, 33, servant, native of Brighton ; arrived 1857, by Escort ; died of dysentery. Ralstone, John, 59, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1854 ; died of morbus cordis. Ran- dall, William, 23, seaman, native of Norfolk ; arrived in 1867, by the Excelsior ; died of peritonitis ; Reilly, John Charles, 56, groom, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1853, by the Victory ; died of bronchial pneumonia. Slater, George, 33, seaman, native of Ireland ; arrived 1864, by the Thunderbolt ; died of fever. Smith, Edward, 50, miller, native of Suffolk ; arrived in 1859 ; died of disease of kidneys. Smith, Richard, 29, labourer, native of St. John's, N.B. ; arrived in 1852, by the Derry Castle ; died of pneumonia, three days after admittance. Stoddart, William, 26, native of Ireland, warehouseman ; arrived by the Underley ; died of phthisis. Thomp- son, Joseph, 27, cook, native of North Wales ; arrived 1866 by the Queen of Com- merce ; died of morbus Brightii. Twynam, John, 34, seaman, native of Winchester ; ar- rived 1857 by Great Britain ; died of effusion on the brain. White, John James, 40, publican, native of Yorkshire ; arrived in 1837 by the Sovereign ; died of hydatids. Wild, George, 52, blacksmith, native of Derby ; arrived 1860 by the Queen of India ; died of scirrhus. Williams, Jane, 45, servant, native of Ire- land ; arrived 1853 by the Australia ; died of abscess of liver. Wilton, Sydney, 23, seaman, native of Plymouth ; arrived in 1866 by the Planter No. 2 ; died of phthisis. Worrell, Charles, 72, native of Warwickshire, farmer ; arrived at Adelaide 1847 by St. Mark ; died of disease of liver. CRIMINAL STATISTICS FOR 1866. From the Government Printing-office has been issued (under Mr. Archer's authority) a return of persons taken into custody by the Victorian police force during last year. The gross number of arrests was 24,811, or 19,866 males, and 4,945 females ; but the number of arrests may not agree with the number of persons arrested, as for charges of being drunk, disorderly, or drunk and dis- orderly, there were no less than 11,734 arrests, and probably some of the persons included had been taken into custody on several or many occasions. Two thousand and forty arrests were made for simple larceny, 1,789 for vagrancy, 890 under the Neglected and Criminal Children Act, 865 for obscene language, 810 for wilful damage of property, and 616 for lunacy. For larceny in a dwelling, 568 per- sons were arrested, and from the person, 313 ; the only other large figure is 500 for using threatening language. Of all these, no less than 8,117 were discharged by the magistrates ; 15,654 cases were summarily disposed of, or the accused held to bail by the magistrates. There were committed by magistrates for trial 1,040 persons, of whom 93 were females. Of the persons committed and tried, there were 599 males and 30 females convicted and sentenced ; 279 males and 47 females found not guilty ; 69 males and 10 females were committed, but not prosecuted. In detail for murder, three persons (males) only were convicted ; seven males and three females were acquitted ; two males were convicted of attempt to murder, and one female charged with the like, was found not guilty ; there were 15 convictions and 17 acquittals for shooting, stabbing, or wounding ; 5 con- victions for manslaughter, and 11 acquittals ; there were 2 convictions for violation, and 6 for assault with intent ; 33 persons were tried for assaults and inflicting bodily harm, of whom 23 were convicted, and 10 acquitted ; on trial for burglary, 34 were convicted, and 7 found not guilty ; for housebreaking, 23 were found guilty, and 12 acquitted ; for robbery and intent to rob, 20 were convicted, and half that number were found not guilty. The number of persons tried for various offences of stealing horses, cattle, or sheep, amounted to 70, of whom 50 were convicted. Two hundred and twenty-five convictions were obtained for larceny, but 117 prosecu- tions failed ; 42 persons were convicted of various frauds, and there were 13 acquittals in other cases. Sixty-four persons were sentenced for forgery, and there were 10 acquittals. The returns include tables showing the degree of instruction of the persons tried and convicted ; 91 males and 10 females could neither read nor write ; 301 males and 18 females could read only, or read and write imperfectly ; 174 males and 8 females could read and write well ; and 33 males were of " superior instruction." The latter were convicted—twelve of forgery and uttering, 13 of frauds, 4 of embezzlement, 3 of larceny in a dwelling, and 1 of a common assault. Of the three murderers convicted, 1 could neither read nor write, 1 could read only, and the other could read and write well. The other offences are somewhat evenly divided amongst the classes below "superior instruction," according to their proportion of the aggregate. Of the tried and convicted, 51 were between 15 and 20 years of age, 65 between 20 and 25 years, 125 between 25 and 30 years, 200 be- tween 30 and 40 years, 53 over 50 years, and 10 over, 60. There were of the foregoing, 298 persons who came here from England, 142 from Ireland, 45 from Scotland, and 3 from Wales ; 21 were Australian born, 50 were from China, and the balance from vari- ous parts of the world, the larger half (32) from other British colonies and possessions. The returns show also the professed religion of the criminals as—419 Protestants, 152 Roman Catholics, 7 Jews, and 57 Pagans. A comparative statement shows that the total number of persons taken into custody—that is, the number of arrests made as well as of the committals and the convictions—have been diminished during the last seven years. In 1860, there were 755 convictions ; in 1861, 744 convictions ; in 1862, 638 ; in 1863, 653 ; in 1864, 620 ; in 1865, 697 ; and in the present year, 635. NEW INDEPENDENT CHURCH. A new church approaching completion in Collins-street, Melbourne, has attracted great attention. The pointed gables of the roof, the groups of round-headed windows, arched and gabled, of the façade, and the bold outline, would be of them- selves enough to arrest a more than pass- ing notice, and they are joined to the tall campanile which is putting to shame the spires of Melbourne. A clever Victorian architect, travelling for pleasure in Northern Italy, naturally observant of its architec- ture and struck by the similar condi- tions of the two countries, both averaging a mean temperature of 59deg., occasionally heightened by hot winds, and both wretchedly poor in building stones, but rich in pottery and brick clays, became possessed with the idea that the species of public buildings which prevailed there was suitable to Australia. As may be expected, he has, in carrying that notion into effect, encountered much oppo- sition. It is to the credit of the Independ- ents of Melbourne that they have boldly ven- tured upon the experiment, and given Mr. Reed (of Reed and Barnes, architects, a splen- did opportunity of realising his proposition. The upraising of this fabric marks a sort of epoch in the history of Independency in Vic- toria. Its establishment in Victoria is of ancient date. The plain comfortable little chapel pulled down to make room for the new structure was, in point of fact, the very first permanent place of worship erected in the colony. The first stone was laid Septem- ber 3, 1839. Melbourne was then a strag- gling village, divided by a swamp, in the centre of which is now Elizabeth-street. Eastward of that line, where sites not worth £5 would now fetch a price many thousandfold larger, there was scarcely a building. To put up a brick church was at that time a splendidly energetic undertaking ; but it must be owned that, that accomplished, the exertions of the Independents flagged perceptibly. At last when the Rev. A. M. Henderson consented to officiate in the new church, which it had long been settled should be raised on the spot where Independency first rooted itself in Victoria, the more prompt and generous spirits among them resolved that that church should be one befitting the character and traditions of Independency. Mr. Reed had, in the course of Italian travel, met with ecclesiastical buildings of the Lom- bardo-Romanesque type, in ornamental brick, with marble "dressings ; and this, substi- tuting fine freestone for marble, he deter- mined to adopt here. The first view of the exterior is undeniably striking. The block of building is ninety-one feet square, the parapet forty-five feet from the ground, and a series of gable peaks are carried about twenty- five feet higher. The façade is of dark red brick, but variegated with patterns in the bright white and red pressed bricks manu- factured by Mr. Glew, of Brunswick. There are no large single windows, but groups of moderate-sized round-headed arches divided by pillars, unglazed, and carrying the light into corridors one above the other, on the opposite side of which are corresponding arched windows, glazed, lighting the inte- rior. These corridors, elegantly paved with encaustic tiles, completely surround the in- side of the church, and form passages. They communicate with all parts of the build- ing, gallery, and basement, and alike keep out the burning heat of summer and the bitter blasts of winter. The arches are of variegated brick, but the sills and pillars of white stone from Oamaru, in New Zealand, and Charente, in France, and in some in- stances, where possible, of beautiful terra- cotta, also manufactured by Mr. Glew. The boss ornaments, the peaks to the gables, and the lintels of the gateways, are all of white stone, finely carved. The effect of the rounded arches is very pleasing. The chief glory of the fabric is its tower. It is intended as a trans- cript of the Italian campanile or bell- tower. The builder has as yet only reached a height of ninety-five feet, and he has nearly seventy feet more to go before the extreme height is gained. The interior is not less imposing than the exterior. Its dimensions are ample, and marked by a noble simplicity. The horseshoe form has utterly obliterated the octagon, and in the former shape the auditory gradually rises, each worshipper sitting to con- fiont the leader of the service. It is a theatre with one gallery-tier, and where the stage would be in the profane edifice is a com- munion-table, slightly elevated ; above that, four feet from the ground, a platform for the minister ; and above and behind that, in a domed apse, is the organ-loft, with seats for the choir. The gallery is sustained upon iron columns with foliated capitals, and from it spring other iron columns spreading symmetrically into a series of round-headed arches, which support the panelled ceiling. These arches, the side windows, and the occasional introduction of the dog-tooth orna- ment admirably preserve the Romanesque character. To complete the effect of light- ness and gradation of line, the gallery rises with what architects call a "rake," but which may be likened to the sheer of a ship ; and the gallery- guard is in open tracery of iron-work. The prevailing tint is neutral, slightly warmed by the yellow of the seats, which are to be of Oregon pine, French po- lished. It is part of the design to introduce the polychrome ornament, so successfully car- ried out in the Public Library and Intercolo- nial Exhibition-building, and with a touch of gilt on the white foliated capitals and the bronzed gallery-guard it will relieve the ex- isting tendency to monotony of colour without superadding a garish meretricious splendour. The effect will be heightened when the figures of the four evangelists oc- cupy the glass of the apse windows, and they are promised as a present. The ceiling is substantially boarded, to preserve the sound and studded with bosses, each of which is a ventilator. The four corners cut off by the interior octagon are devoted to vestry- rooms, and well-staircases to the gallery. The building, including the completed tower and the magnificent organ ordered of Hill, the great English maker, for £800, is to cost when opened £13,000. Before the open- ing the trustees will be able to say that they have in cash and promises £10,000 ; and among the individual subscriptions we find such sums as £1,625, £675, £400, £300 (two), £200 (three), £100 (three), £50 (seven) £20 (sixteen), £10 (nineteen), and so on. £711 was collected on the day the foundation-stone was laid. The distribution of the 1,500 seats which has not yet taken place, will probably be the means of realising much more. ASYLUM FOR THE BLIND. This asylum and school was begun in No- vember last, in the building in Commercial road, Prahran, which had already served as a nursery for the Deaf and Dumb School. The building was originally intended for a private dwelling. There are altogether fourteen rooms, and the establishment consists of twenty- one pupils, a female teacher (from the Institu- tion for the Blind at Bristol), a male pupil teacher, a master and matron, and a ser- vant. For these there is no lack of accom- modation ; but when the applications now sent in for the admission of a few more children are complied with, the place will be quite full. The school-rooms are detached. Mrs. Parkyn is the matron, and we learned from her that there is at present no regular scale of diet ; the plump and healthy appear- ance of the pupils, however, bore ample testi- mony to the provision made for them ; nor is there at present any distinction made between those pupils whose parents pay wholly or in part for their sustenance, and those who are sent from the Sunbury School and the Protestant Orphanage- nine in all —or admitted out of charity. The points of education are reading, writing, arith- metic, music, sewing, singing, netting, basket work, and a few other accomplishments, which 110 doubt will be greatly increased when affairs get more into shape. Very few of the children knew when they came how to read according to the system of raised characters generally adopted in England and America, but they have made sensible progress. By and by, when more is done, a library of books, printed for the blind, will no doubt be instituted. The childien appear unmistakably happy. There seems to be no scarcity of amusements of the ordinary sort, both for in-doors and out-doors ; and the relations between the children and the master and matron are also, apparently, quite satisfactory. THE ESSENDON RAILWAY. A deputation recently waited upon the hon. the Treasurer to advocate the purchase by the Government of the Essendon Railway, which has been closed for some years past. It was represented that by the re-opening of this line, which runs close by the grand stand of the Melbourne racecourse, numerous advantages would be derived, not only with regard to the racecourse traffic, but also in connexion with the cattle-yards situated in the locality. An offer was made on behalf of the Essendon Railway Company to dispose of the line for £25,000. The engineer-in-chief having since then made a thorough examina- tion of the line, has arrived at the opinion that to put it in a condition of repair, will cost about £10,000. The subject was brought before Parliament on Tuesday night, but the consideration of the matter was postponed for a week. ACCLIMATISATION. The red deer may now be considered to be fairly acclimatised in this colony. The few that Mr. Chirnside, of the Werribee, procured a few years ago, have increased to twenty-four, and an increase of about fifteen is expected this season. There can no longer be any doubt that red deer will thrive on the park lands of this colony. The ship Joshua Bates, from Hong Kong, has brought several moose deer ; and a pair of Secretary birds and a pair of elands are expected from Cape Town. The hares and Californian quail at Phillip Island have much increased in numbers. Mr. A. M. Campbell, of Lake Connewarre, purposes turning out some silver grey rabbits on his estate, and the colony will soon be well stocked with this kind of game. The Acclimatisation Society has decided to spend £600 in the introduction of partridges and hares, and the Hon. J. D. Wood, who is about to visit China and Japan, will be re- quested to purchase pheasants for the society to the amount of £100. His Excellency the Governor, and a small party, recently had a day's sport on Mr. Austin's estate, Barwon-park, with a very excellent result. With five guns, 203 rabbits and six pheasants were bagged in the course of the day, His Excellency knocking over seventy or eighty rabbits. The party were afterwards hospitably entertained at Mr. Austin's house. It is stated in the Tasmanian papers that a salmon, about three feet in length, has been seen in the Derwent by a man who has had experience of salmon rivers, and has no doubt as to the character of the fish he saw. FLOODS IN NEW SOUTH WALES. On the news being received in Melbourne of the occurrence of disastrous floods in New South Wales, a meeting of a number of in- fluential citizens took place, with a view of raising subscriptions for the relief of the sufferers. A committee was at once formed and a subscription-list opened, and in a very short time over £2,000 was raised, in addition to a number of donations of clothing. The public promptly responded to the requests of the gentlemen who initiated the movement that immediate action should be taken and liberal assistance afforded. Mr. Learmonth, M.L.C., promised to give £100 if nine other gentlemen would come forward to make up £1,000, but he has since promised the money without any such condition. Several other gentlemen have followed his example. THE VOLUNTEERS. The past has been an anxious month with the many volunteers desirous of promotion, who have presented themselves at the exami- nations held in the old Exhibition-building, and in convenient places near the head- quarters of every corps throughout the coun- try. No less than 373 competitors sent in their names for examination, with a view to promotion as subaltern and non-commis- sioned officers. The Volunteer force is not over-officered, and it is satisfactory to know that there will be no difficulty in filling up vacancies as they occur. An unusual number of rifle matches have come off during the month. The return match between the East Melbourne Rifle and car- bine Club and the Williamstown Rifle Club was won by the former club, by ninety-six points. Corporal Kellow, of the Emerald-hill Artillery, headed the list with the fine score of sixty one points, made with the breech-loading cal- bine ; the conditions being five shots, at 200, 300, 400, and 500 yards, at the Wimbledon target, in any position. The third and deciding match between tue East Melbourne' and Geelong Artillery Corps was fired at the Geelong butts, the result being a decisive victory for the former by a majority of eighty-five points. Some very fair shooting was made by the winners—an ave- rage of fifty-one two-tenth points being ob- tained. Gunner Henderson, of the East Mel- bourne Corps, took first honours, making fifty-nine points, and getting through without a miss. The conditions were five shots each, at 200, 300, 400, and 000 yards, at the Wimble- ?don target, in any position, Yvith any Govern- ment weapon. The Melbourne and North Melbourne Rifles haY'e engaged in three matches, and won two of them. They Yvere successful against tho Southern Rifles and the WilliamstoYvn Artil- lery, and Yvere beaten by the Castlemaine Billes. In all these matches the conditions were seven rounds at each range, Hythe targets, Hythe position, and the recently issued Lancaster rifles, Yvith their strong fixed military sights, and six pounds pull of trigger, against which so many of our volunteers are loudly remonstrating, in favour of fine, movable, bead- sights, and the light three pound pull of trigger, patronised by some of .our rifle clubs, but positively dangerous for military service. The scores of 27 out of a possible 28, at 200 yards, by Captain Russell, the 45 of Coiporal By theil, at 200 and 300 yards, out of 14 shots, on an extremely bad day, and the scores of 23 and ÍYVO 22's, made at 600 yards from the knee, seem to show that good practice can be made Yvith rifles as truly of a military pattern as those used in England for the Queen's prize at Wimbledon. HUNTING. The present hunting season around Mel- bourne has been the best and the busiest for several years past. Capital sport, much above the average, has been afforded by Mr. G. Watson's Melbourne hounds, and by Wal dock's Flemington beagles. Sam's well- known fox has now about completed a good "score" of runs against his pursuers, and old Reynard has become a great popular favourite with the Flemington pinks. Mr. Watson's foxhounds, however, have the call of the field, and a larger number of red coats and more of the fair sex of the upper ranks have been out this season than for several now last past. Some of the fair riders have done daring feats in the hunting, field, that would have excited wonder as well as admiration in the hardest country in England. His Excellency the Governor has been out more than once to the meet, and one of his sons sometimes joins the field. Two well-known "first-flight" men are noticeably now absent from the well-known fixtures of the Melbourno hounds, but it is hoped they are enjoying themselves in the old country, getting ready for the 12th of August and the 1st of September. It must be remarked that there have been some very good cattle ridden during this season, up to high weight, and with plenty of pace; more attention has also been paid to condition; and it seems as if the present very favourable two months' sport will have some influence in increasing the number of' votaries of what has been called "the noble science." The Ballarat country is now hunted by Mr. Rowland's pack of hounds, and South Gipps Land by Mr. W. Pearson's pack. The follow- ing is a notice of one or the most recent things in the country hunted by Mr. Watson: \- "The Melbourne hounds had a long and fatiguing day on Saturday. The meet was at the Hunters' Rest; but instead of proceed- ing to the heath as usual to draw, the hounds were taken on through Cheltenham to the back of the swamp near Mordialloc, to look for an outlying deer, which has lately taken up his abode in that quarter. The search, however, proved fruitless, so a move was made onwards to Wedge's paddock, were several kangaroos were soon started. The hounds at length settled on to a flying doe, which led them at a good pace for more than half an hour, and was eventually lost near Skye. A second kangaroo was quickly started, and, after a sharp burst, was killed. Several ladies graced the meet with their presence, and two of them remained with the hounds to the finish, notwithstanding that there were some rather stiff fences to be got over. The clever and daring manner in which a young lady, mounted on Mr. Keigh- rans Tallboy, took some "raspers," was the theme of general remark and admiration. There were several falls, luckily confined to the male sex. At the finish, the hounds were over thirty miles from their kennel, and many of the horsemen did not reach home until late in the evening, it being estimated that at least eighty miles of ground had been gone over in the day's work." THEATRES. There have been many changes in theatrical performances since the outgoing of the last mail. In our last summary we mentioned that the Princess's Theatre would be opened by the proprietor of the Theatre Comique for vaudeville and farce. This was done, and the Yvell-known comedy, "Masks and Taces," with Miss Juno as Peg Woffing ton, and Mr. John Dunn as Triplet, Yvas chosen for the opening night, Yvhile the "Murray Troupe" took the place of the original company at tho Theatre Comique. The expense of two houses, hotvover, proved too great for the resources of the manage- ment, and both Yvere suddenly closed after ttvo nights performance. Mr. J. L. Hall and Mrs. Hall (better knoYvn as Miss Emily Wiseman) took leave of the Melbourne public for a short time, playing " Rip Van Winkle" .and the burlesque of " Fra Diavolo" for their benefit at the Royal to a Y-cry good house. The pieces produced at this theatre haY-o been .most Y-aiica in character. In the first place, Mr. Ira Aldridge-a son of the Yvell-known ChcY-alicr Aldridge-essayed his poYvcrs in the "Padlock," but met with so little encourage- ment that he retired after appearing for three nights. Shakspearo's " Comedy of Errors " Yvas then put upon the stage, Yvith new scenery and cresses, Messrs. Hill and StCYvai t playing the tYvo Dromios, and Messrs. Vincent and Hall the two Antipholi ; but the piece was not as successful as could be Yvished. Pending the production of the ' ' Long Strike, " a preposterous melodrama of the old school, entitled "Wallace, or the Hero of Scotland," Yvns put upon the boards, butYvasunequivocally condemned, both hy the press and the public. The brilliant little comedy, " The Lioness of the North," in Yvhich Miss Cleveland and Mr. Vincent sustained the principal characters, had been previously produced, and YVOS re- vived for a foYv nights until the scenic anangements for Boucicault's drama Yvcie completed. The "Long Strike," however, despite its success in England and the atti actions of new scencery, cannot be consideied as anything but a failure, sen- sational rendering of the sufferings of tho faetoiy hands not appearing to interest tho Victorian public ; and although Mr. Vincent, as Noah Learoyd, won golden opinions, the poifoimances of Mr. James Anderson in Shakesperian characters at tho Haymarket pioved moro attractive, and, until the arrival of Mr. YValter Montgomeiy, Yvho turned the scale of popular favour, tho Thcatro Royal Yvas but ill supported. The ad- vent of two such celebrated actors as Mr. Anderson and Mr. Montgomery has created considerable excitement, and both fientlemcn aro so YVCII known to London audiences that criticism upon their powers would be almost out of place in a summary of news intended for home readers ; but con- cerning the general opinion of the Melbourne public it behovesus tospcak. Neither actor has leason to complain of his reception. Mr. An- derson, who arrived by the Suez mail, appeared as Hamlet at the Haymarket Theatre, which (with the exception of a performance of " The Rivals," for the benefit of Mr. Alfred Phil- lips, tho late manager) had been closed for some Yvceks. The house was crowded ; and though consideiablo difference of opinion pre- vailed concerningthecorreetness of his render- ing of the part, he Yvas received on the Yvholo very favourably. ' ' Hamlet" YVOS followed by "Othello" and "Macbeth," and "Richard III." will be played this evening. In tfco first two pieces, Miss St. Denis, a young lady Yvho has only tecently adopted thestage as apro fession, appeared as Ophelia and Desdemona, and may be congratulated on her careful ren- dering of the characters. As Desdemona, sho Yvas especially excellont, and, if not rendered ?caieless by too much praise, will doublless become a great favourite Yvith tho public. Mrs. Heir's Emilia, and Mr. Robert Heir's lago, aro both Yvcll-knotvn to Melbourne audiences-the latter impersonation de- serving special mention. Tho company at the Haymarket, IIOWCY'CI-, is Y-ory unequal, and although several additions navo been lntcly made, it is still far from efficient. Mr. Walter Montgomery only arrived last week by the Great Britain, and has as yet appealed only in throo characters Hamlet, Claudo Melnotto, and tho Stranger. 'On the night of his first appearance the_ Theatre Royal Yvas crowded to suffo- cation, and an enthusiastic reception Yvas accorded him. Tho styles of Mr. Mont- gomery and Mr. Anderson aro so distinct that any criticism must rest rathor on their different reading and conception of cha- racter than on their ability to portray it. Wliilp Mr. Anderson belongs by choice and training to the old school, Yvhoso sonorous .declamation and studied attitudes wore for some timo considered tho beau ideal of dra .niatie art, Mr. Montgomery is a convert to the ncYV doctrines, Yvhich IUIY-O been rapidly Baining ground of late years, and Yvhich wore peihaps first brought fully undor the notieo .or the critical public by Feohtor's perform- ance of Hamlet. Founding his hopes of ?applause rathor upon the effect of his com- pleted impersonation than upon points and speeches, and boldly risking tho danger of becoming commonplace by his per- sistent refusal to be stilted, Mr. Walter Montgomery pleases rather by the excel- lence or finish of his acting, and by the minute fidelity to nature in opposition to all the mannerisms of the stage, than by any declamatory bursts of eloquence or powerful effects of voice and gesture. He is tho first example of this new style that the Melbourne public have seen, and the crowded houses at the Royal attest their approval of it. We have said that we have no intention to com- pare the merits of the two actors. It is in their conception of character, rather than in their delineation of passion and sentiment, that they differ. Mr. Anderson has many warm patrons and supporters, but the palm of public favourhos been unequivocally accorded to Mr. Montgomery. NOTES FROM THE SEA. WBEOK OP THE BABQUB MOSAIIOU.-In- timation was received in Melbourne on the 18th inst. that the barque Monarch, which left the bay on the previous evening for New- castle, N.S.W., had grounded on a bank between the West Channel and Colo's Chan- nel. When about this position the weather became so thick and overcast that the lights were completely shut out from view, and the consequence was that the bearings notwithstanding a good look-out being kept by both captain and chief officer-were lost, and the barque grounded close to No. 3 buoy, and, although every exertion was used, she drove further on. An attempt was then made to force her over into Cole's Channel, but this had to be abandoned, as the injury sustained caused her to make water beyond what the pumps could keep clear. The steam-tug Resolute then went to her assistance, but not being able to help her, she was returning, when she was met by the steamer Titan, and the owner of the Monarch (Mr. Burke) being on board, he returned to the Resolute, and made arrangements with Mr. Robbins, of Sandridge, to send down gangs of men and an engine, with powerful pumps, to make every endeavour to get tho Monarch off if possible. The attempts made, however, were fruitless, the vessel sank deeper in the sands and became a total wreck, only the sails, masts, and yards being saved. She has been given over to the underwriters. COLLISION OF ins WESTEHN EMPIRE AND ONWARD.-The ship Western Empiro (Capt. Nelson), of tbo White Star Line, bringing Government immigrants and warrant pas- sengers from Liverpool to Melbourne, and the ship Onward, which left this port for Syd- ney, unfortunately carne into collision on the, evening of the 6th inst., near the island of Rodondo. The occurrence took place when the Western Empire was about ten miles to windward of Cape Patterson, having made the land'of Tasmania and passed the Heads before discovering her position, The Onward was signalled, and then bore up towards tho Western Empire, Captain Nelson intending to send a boat to her for some water. The boat did not succeed in reaching the Onward, and Captain Nelson states that ho told the On- ward to proceed on her voyage, as the Western Empire could not stand further in to the land. The Onward then went away before the wind, and, when about four miles astern, Captain Nelson wore sliip, and he surmises that the captain of the Onward may possibly havo thought that the Western Empire was bearing towardshim. Inthecollisionthestarboardbow of the Western Empire struck the port quar- ter of the Onward ; the latter vessel having her bulwarks, stanchions, spankcrgaff, and mainstays, &c;, carried away, and the Western Empire her fore and maintop masts,-jibboora, stem, cutwater, and rigging, *c. The Western Empiro, when she struck, was under three close-reefed topsoils, and the wind was blow- ing hard, and it continued so until the ship reached the Heads. After the collision, the pumps on the Onward were sounded and no water was found, on which she was over- hauled inside and out, and the rigging, masts, and stays secured. She reached Sydney, next day. Loss OF THE SCHOONER YAKKA.-This smart clipper schooner (Captain Finlayson) was wrecked on the 1st instant on the Seven-Mile Beach, Circular Head, Tasmania, where she had gone to load produce for New South Wales. She went ashore during a very heavy northerly pale. The vessel was dismantled, and the gear saved. She has, it is feared, since become a total wreck. WRECK OF THE SCHOONER Mor.N_.-This vessel (ninety-two tons, Captain Booth) was totally lost on 1st Juno, at the Pieman River, Tasmania. She had been waiting for some time for an opportunity to enter, and on tho day named passed the bar, but the wind fail- ing, she was drifted by the current on to the spit on the south side. The crew had a very narrow escape for their lives. The Captain and some of the men travelled overland to Stanley, a most fatiguing journey of ten days. REPORTED WRECK OFF MOONLIGHT HEAD. During the prevalence of strong northerly gales, information was received in Melbourne on the 10th inst from Captain M'Lean, of the steamship Coorong, who telegraphed from Belfast to the effect that about fifteen miles off Moonlight Head he had seen a schooner -floating, broadside up, in the track of vessels bound along the coast. She was ovidently a colonial vessel, a coaster, but her name was not ascertained, and nothing was seen of her crew. The Commissioner of Customs was at once informed of the wreck, and orders were given at two o'clock to the stcamsliip Vic- toria to get up steam, and proceed at once to the scene of the wreck, to afford assistance to anyone who might bo found upon it, and to identify the wreck and then scuttle it, that it might not bo the cause of disaster to other vessels. The Victoria proceeded to the placo indicated by Captain M "Lean, but nothing could be feen but larjjo patches of seaweed floating. After continuing tho search two days, tho Victoria returned to port, and on the publication of the result of her trip tho im- pression became general that Captain M'Lean had in some way been deceived. His report, however, has since been confirmed, with a painful distinctness and detail of circum- stance, by the news brought by Captain Kelly, of the barque Atlantic, which arrived here on the 15th from Sydney. Captain Kelly reported that on the 14th inst., at a quarter to six p.m., he sighted and passed within twenty feet of what he supposed to bo the wreck of a vessel, bottom up, and, as well as he could judge, showing about sixty feet of keel, and rising about four feet out of the water. The position was about twonty-ßvo miles south-east from Cape Otway. The Go- vernment steamer Pharos got up steam on the 10th, and went on a cruise in search of tho wicck, but lins since returned without having succeeded in discovering it, The wreck is supposed to have been that of the schooner Malcolm, which left Melbourne for Warrnambool a month ago, and has not since been heard of. THE MISSING BARQUE DRIVER.-NO intelli- gence of this vessel had reached Otago on tho 32th inst. Sho left Newcastle, for Otago, May 13, and had consequently on the 12th inst. been sixty days out. THE SEA BIIID.-This schooner, the wreck ?of which in the West Channel, Port Phillip Bay, we reported in our last summary, is fast breaking up, all endeavours to get her off 'being found unavailing. NEW ZEALAND GOLD-FIELDS. The news from the New Zealand gold-fields this month is very scant. According to latest advices, the River Clyde had fallon very low, the weather being frosty, and the miners were .Hocking to claims in its bed, which were said to bo yielding from £1 to £5 worth of gold per man per day. The fortnightly escort had taken 5,585oz. of gold into Dunedin, Tuapeka still heading the list of gold-fields. The Molynoaux was also very low, and the yield of gold from the river claims was satis- factory. Tho lost escort brought down 6,46-loz. of gold. At the Mocraki Beach twenty men were at work, and although the retorted gold was estimated us worth only £3 8s. per ounce, they were making at least 15s. a day. NEW ZEALA.ND POLITICS. There is nothing to report upon the political strugglo going on in New Zoaland, and noticed nt length in our last summary. Tho conflict of authority between the Provincial Government of Otago and tho General Go- vernment can only bo terminated by action in tho General Assembly, which has just mot. Wo learn from the Now Zealand papers that tho mattera in dispute between the two Go- vernments would como up for discussion in tho General Assembly on tho 16th inst.. on a motion by Mr. Vogel, that the control of tho gold-fields in each province should be placed under tho direction of the local govornmunt. Tho Ministry had postponed all official busi- ness until after tho debate. It was rumoured at Wellington that an Appropriation Bill for three months would bo introduced ; and tho supposition was that tho Government con- templated a prorogation or a dissolution should thoy bo defeated. The Auckland members were determined to insist on tho settlement of nativo affairs being left to tho provincial authorities. THE LAST TASMANIAN ABORIGINALS. Of the numerous and warlike aboriginal popu- lation of Tasmania forty or fifty years ago only four individuals now remain. In 1848, forty eight aboriginals of the then surviving remnant were stationed at Oyster Cove, and in the subsequent nineteen years that number had dwindled down to four. One of these - a woman - is now ill in the General Hospital. Another is named Lalla Rookh, or Truga- nini, widow of the chief Woureddy, and aged about sixty-five years, a native of the Bruni Island tribe. Another is Bessy Clarke, 'or Pinano-hathae (kangaroo head), about fifty years old, and a native of the Maquarie Harbour tribe. Mr. William Lanney, the only surviving male aboriginal-the last of the Mohicans-has proceeded to England in the Ethel, expressing his intention of leaving his carte for Her Majesty. Mr. Lanney is a bluff young gentleman, of about twenty-six or twenty-seven. He was born at the Coal River, and received his education in the Queen's Asylum. EUCLA, THE NEW PORT IN THE AUS- TRALIAN BIGHT. The following letter is descriptive of the new port, Eucla, in the Great Australian Bight : "H.M.C. schooner Flinders, Streaky Bay, June l8, 1867. "Sir,-I arrived at Eucla on the 27th ult., and found an excellent anchorage and land- ing-place. The coast trends in an E.N.E. and W.S.W. direction, with sandy beaches and a low foreshore stretching from the foot of a table range of hills. Tho anchorage is sheltered by a long line of shoal Yvater (in many places not more than nine feet exist), Yvhilst inside the shoals there is a three-fathom channel Yvith a basin of three and three-quarters to four fathoms, in which a ship is placed within a quarter of a milo from a sandy beach, with perfect shelter from the outlying shoals. This anchorage is best accessible from the eastward. I have placed two leading beacons and a beacon on the sandhills, indicating the best berth and landing-place. A very careful survey of the locality has been executed. The Eucla sandhills YY'atering-place and anchorage are . in Western Australia, three quarters of a milo from the Yvestern bound- ary of South Australia. Although I regret the anchorage is not Yvithin tue bound- ary of South Australia, it Yvill, I trust, be deemed an advantage that a safe an- chorage and landing-place arc now es- tablished, to lead to the settlement of tho country west of Fowler's Bay. Durini; my stay at Eucla the Yvcathor YVOS remarkably fine ; but I Yvas enabled to judge of the secu- rity of the anchorage by seeing the sea break- ing on the outer reefs or shoals, Yvhilst the Flinders lay quietly inside. On one occasion we had a very strong breeze from W.S.W., but the anchorage was quite smooth.-I have, &c;, B. DOUGLAS." COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The P. and O. Co.'s R.M.S.S. Geelong, N. I. Skottowe, commander, with the Indian and European mails on board, left the Bay at two o'clock of the afternoon of the 28th ultimo. The steamship Otago, with the New Zealand mails for- transmission by the Gee- long, reached port at two o'clock in the morn- ing of the 29th. For the first time for some years the mail steamer from Melbourne went to sea without the correspondence from New Zealand. The detention of the Otago YY-as due to severe YY'eather on the New Zealand coast and at sea. Port Chalmers was not left till the 23rd inst., and the Otago did not call at Bluff Harbour. A heavy Yvestcrly gale off Wilson's Promontory destroyed the hope till then entertained of the Heads being reached in time to intercept the Geelong. The Panama mail steamship Rakaia-one of the most fortunate vessels of the fleet reached Sydney on the morning of the 1st inst., with the English mail of the 2nd of May, and telegraphic news from London to the 10th of that month. The Rakaia Yvas due at Sydney on the 29th ult., but it appears that she did not lcwe Panama till the 20th May, two days after time. Her passage across the Pacific, therefore, Yvas made at full contract speed. It is stated that she met Yvith some damage to her spars and sails, and lost a man overboard in a gale on the 19th June. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S.S. Bombay, Captain Burne, arrived at Galle, after a fine passage, on the morning of the 18th June. The Golconda, with the mails from Calcutta, and the Candia, with the moils from England, arrived the same day. Tho Candia, with the China mail.-', not having arrived on the evening of the 19th, the Bombay left Galle Yvithout the China mail. The Bombay, having made a very smart nut indeed, was sicnalled from Cauo OtYvay at three o'clock p.m. on the 9th inst., Hobson's Bay YVOS reached shortly after midnight, and thus the good old steamship Bombay completed her voyage so far fully four days before time. Tins feat is unparalleled in this service Yvith the May mail. Last year the mail was de- i livcrcd in Adelaide on the 10th of July, in 1865 on the 12th, in 1804 and 1863 on the 11th, and in 1862 on the 13fch. The best of theso voyages, therefore, has been surpassed on this occasion by one of the oldest vessels in the service. STATE OF TRADE. We can report little or no improvement in the trade' of the month, the dulness and Yvant of elasticity in the markets so loudly complained of having continued unrelieved ; und Yvith the exception of somo few unim- portant items to Yvhich mail advices have im- parted a stimulus, merchandise of almost every description has declined in value, and the aspect of the markets generally is far from satisfactory. In bagging, Yvoolpacks have met Yvith more notice, though transactions have not been extensive. Candles have been quitted to the extent of over 17,000 boxes, loYver rates having had to be submitted to. Of breadstuff's, in anticipation of.highet rates being established, transactions in Victorian flour, beyond ordinary trade requirements, reaching to fully 3,500 tons, have come under our notice. During the last fortnight, how- ever, prices could not he maintained against the inaction which subsequently set in ; but, notwithstanding, the month closes 10s. to 20s. in advance of last month's prices. Somo 15,000 bushels barley and 15,000 bushels oats, disposed ol', aro the only operations in theso cereals Yvhich have been recorded. Of hops, the sales comprise some 250 pockets Tas- manian, and close on 200 pockets Kent, various growths. In malt, some 10,000 bushels, colonial and imported, have met with pur- chasers. Rice, owing to the destruction by fiio of some 400 tons, has risen in vainc. In sugars some 35,000 bags and mats havo been Yvith difficulty disposed of at reduced rates. In timber we note largo sales of lumber. The sales of port, brandies, and Yvhiskey betoken an improved market. Notwithstanding that several suspensions have occurred since last month, nono of these havo hoon of such a nature as to affect , confidence, which continues unimpaired. I FAILURES. Mr. Gavin George Brown, of Collins-street Yvest, stock and share broker, has filed his sohc dule in the Tnsolvont Court. The liabilities are set down at nearly £18,000, and the assets at over £15,000. At a meeting of the creditors of Mr. Wm. Eyro, iron merchant, held on the 6th inst., the statement submitted showed tho liabili- ties to amount to £6,871, exclusive oE secured liabilities reaching to £653 ; the con- tingent liability on bills discounted was only £2,400. The assets, consisting of stock and book debts, wero estimated at £2,526, tinta presenting a deficit of £4,3-14. An offer of 5s. m the pound was mudo by Mr. Eyre, and this was subsequently accepted after assigning the estate An extraordinary examination has taken B'luce in the Insolvent Court in the estate of rouhet, Bradley, and Tocho, lately carrying on business in Melbourno as general mer- chants and importers. In the affidavit assign- ing tho causes of insolvency attached to their schedule, the tYvo mcmbeis of the insolvent firm then resident hero stated that the mis- conduct of their absent partner, Bradley, was the chief or only cause of their bein« obliged to petition the Court. Bradley has since returned to the colony, and Yvhile repudiating tho responsibility thrown upon him by his late partners, goes so far as to deny the truth of their statements, and asserts that it is chiefly through their mismanagement and misconduct that tho insolvency has occurred. Tho courso of examination led the Chief Com- missioner of lnsoh-cnt Estates to remark that he did not sit to clear men's characters, but to inquire into their estates. In the Supremo Court, on Saturday, tho 13th instant, Mr. Justice Molesworth hoard the petition of Moss Joshua, merchant, for the compulsory sequestration of the estate of William Forlonge, squatter in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. The alleged act of insolvency was, "departing from the. colony in May last with intent to delay and . defeat creditors." The petitioning creditor's debt was £203,51010s. 9d. ; and other debts, secured or unsecured, were stated-of £06,000 to the Bank of Australasia, of £7,000 to Messrs. Turnbull, of £4,000 to Messrs. Towns, of £1,800 to Lloyd Jones, and of £1,000 to Golds brough and Co. The case broke down on the evidence of intention to delay or defeat creditors by the journey to New South Wales. Meetings of creditors in the estate of Mr. Thomas Shaw were beldon Wednesday and Friday, the 17th and 10th instant. The state- ment prepared by Messrs. Lyell and Gowan showed liabilities amounting to £7,321, and assets, consisting of Mr. Shaw's interest in the foundry and firm of Fulton and Shaw, valued at £3,000 (this asset has since been sold for £200 under an execution), and book debts amounting to £195 ; thus showing, in fact, ho asset whatever. The contingent liabilities for bills discounted amount to £8,935. The creditors, after some discussion, requested Mr. Shaw to place the estate in tho Insolvent Court. A meeting of the credi- tors of Mr. E. Homan, general store- keeper, Echuca, was held on the 18th, in the Duke of Rothsay Hotel. Tho statement of accounts showed liabilities amounting to £7,300, and assets estimated at £10,200 ; a surplus of £2,900 was thus exhibited. It was agreed to as&ign.thc; estate in favour of Messrs. Service and Lyell. Meetings have been held in the estate of Mr. John Lloyd, ' wholesale grocer, who sus- pended payment last week, and whose in- debtedness amounts to £15,000, with assets estimated at £16,700, showing a surplus of £1,700. At an adjourned meeting, held on the '23rd, the committee reported that they had examined the estate, and found that Mr. Lloyd's estimate .was correct. The estate was assigned to Messrs. Joshua, Langdon, and Bell, under whose inspection the stock will be sold. This is expected to realise 10s. in the pound, and 5s. more will be paid by Mr. Lloyd's acceptance ; the creditors will thus receive lös. in the pound. EXCHANGE AND JIONET. ? There is no alteration to report on the exchango rate on England by the present mail-one per cent, premium being charged in all cases. The discount rates on bills at two, three, and four months' currency are maintoincd at seven, eight, and nine per cent, respectively. The banks continue to allow interest on deposits lodged-at seven days' notice of withdrawal at the rato of three percent.; on deposits at threo months' notice, four per cent. ; and on deposits at six months' notice, six per cent. WOOL. The sales last week, consisting chiefly of clips from the Darling, wore not so successful as was anticipated. Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co. offered Cll bales, and Messrs. Cuningham and Macredie catalogued 650 bales, but the greater portion could not bo sold, owing to the limits being too high ; but it is fully ex- pected most of the lots passed will be dis- posed of privately. Greasy realised Gd. to 9Ad. ; scoured, 15.id. to VM. STOCK AND STATIONS. From Deniliquin we learn that this pro- mises to be the finest season that wo can chronicle for years past-stockowners nre highly pleased with their prospects through- out Riverina. From all quarters wo hoar of abundance of grass and water-the lengthy and tortuous Darling seems to be alive with stock. A Deniliquin paper mentions that on many stations the returns of the lambing have been higher than for some years past, the grass having given strength to the owes. On some of the Billabong stations the returns amount to about 105 per cent., but they aro rare eighty-five and ninety-live per cent, is com- mon enough. Wo hear that the returns of lambs for the whole of the -Riverina plains are likely to exceed the estimated quantity of two millions. The following sales of stations have been effected :-Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. have sold by auction, by order of the executor of the late Mr. Nicholas Chadwick, the Canally station, near Balranald, New South Wales, with about 15,000 sheep-work- ing plant and stores given in-at 2Gs. Gd. per head, on the usual terms, to Messrs. E. Cohen and J. F. Maguire. The Koroite Estate, con- sisting of 7,000 acres of freehold estate and 725 acres of leasehold land, was sold to Mr. George Young, for the sum of £18,000. Terms equal to cash. The sheep on this pro- perty were withdrawn from sale. The Dundas estate, consisting of 640 acres of land, together with 4,718 sheep, was also sold to the samo gentleman, for the sum of £2,000, equal to cash. SnEEP AND CATTLE IiirORTED. During the quarter ending on tho 30th of June last, 13,675 cattle, 78,660 sheep, and 485 horses were brought into the colony, chiefly from New South Wales. I BOILING DOWN. | A public meeting has been held at Echuca to take into consideration the best way of forming a company for the establishment of a boiling-down factory at that town. After discussing the statistics submitted by the bon. secretary, tho meeting adopted the following resolution :-" That this meeting adjourn until this day fortnight, the com- mitteo in the meantime to draw up a pro- spectus setting forth tho amount of capital required and tho prico of shares, that the .colonies of Victoria and New South Wales be canvassed, and that the committee report the result at the next meeting." THE UPPER DARLING. Menindie is now the centre and depot of a populous pastoral district. Mr. Green's new stores are completed. There aro other im- provements being carried out in tho township of a more or less permanent character. Fore- most of these is Quins new hotel, immedi- ately in the rear of the present house, and not nearly completed. The parsimony of the Government contrasts unfavourably with these signs of private enterprise. We have received the following from Cap- tain Johnson, steamer Albury : - " Went- worth, 0th July.-I have the pleasure to in- form you that we havo arrived hero with nearly all the balance of last year's clip, 1,240 bales, chiefly bound from Port Victoria. Tho Albury will take 270 bales to the Port and return at once to Fort Bourke. List of Steameis.-Passed the Pride of the Murray four miles above Mount Murchi- I son, the Maranoa just below M'Lean's station, the Victoria at Pooncaria, and the Kelpie above Scott's middle yards. The greater number of the boats up river will either como down empty or wait till next shearing, which will commence in four or five weeks. ' The Wentworth correspondent of the Pas- toral Times writes to say that the quantity of wool on the Darling awaiting shipment hits been very much overrated. He thinks that-, at the outside, there are not at present over. 4,000 bales on the river between Wentworth and Bourke. Several deaths from drowning have lately occurred in connexion with the river traffic. THE LEECH TRADE. The Murray leech trade seems to havo reached very extensive dimensions. An ad- vertisement in an Echuca journal calls' for tenders for the supply of 300,000 leeches by November, 500,000 by December, and 500,000 by January. It appears that they aro in- tended for the London market. HASS'S STUAITS TELEGRAPH. Captain Gilmore has recoin mended the Go- vernment of Tasmania to apply to that of this colony that tho coast near Cape Schanck might be surveyed for tho purposes of tho submarine telegraphic cable now being con- structed in England to connect Tasmania and Victoria. We understand that this part of the marine survoy has already been executed, and that the chart is in the possession of tho Board of Admiralty, by whom, no doubt, it will bo published in due course. The coast at Cape Schanck is stated tobo highly favourable to the submerging of the cablo^ It is a bold, sandy shore, free from rocks, with from : fifteen to sixteen fathoms of water close in- shore. There will be no difficulty in laying down a cable securely, and the soundings across the Straits to Tamar Heads also lead to tho belief that the line chosen us that on which the cable should be laid is free from difficulties. The depth is nearly uniform, and the bottom is soft, so that a submerged cable will rest in a bed exposed to littlo danger. About Cape Otivuy, where the last cable was laid, on the contrary, there ave numerous rocks close in shore, and a very strong set of tide to tho eastward, with a heavy swell at almost all times. uNDKR-rnoo!* si'iniTs. A deputation from merchants in Molbourno has waited upon the Commissioner of Trade ami Customs with the view of obtaining some modification of the law relating to tho duties on spirits, Under the law which ox i.stcd for some years past spirits woro only charged duty according lo their strength and the quantity in case ; but by the tariff which. bus lately beconio law all spirits, whothor under proof or not, taken out of bond after 1st October next aro liable todutyas proof spirits, and the quantity which each case purports to contain shall be the quantity on which duty is payable. As thero is a larger quantity in bond than, can bo con- sumed before October, tho deputation asked that all spirits that Yvere now in the colony should not come under the operation of tho now law at all, but should be dealt Yvith under tho late act, paying dury at any time only on tho actual quantity in the case, and on the actual strength or the spirits. Mr. Francis has since intimated that the Govern- ment refuses to concede the modification re- quested. MESSRS. CORNISH AND BRUTE'S CLAIM.-TUB RAILWAY CONTRACT. The folloYving aro the particulars of the aYvard in the claim of Messrs. Cornish and Bruce :-The sum claimed in the action brought in the Supreme Court was £304,000, hut on going to trial this claim Yvas modified by the omission of two items-one of £71,000, for damages sustained by the contractors in liaY'ing to open the railway before the works Yvere finished; and tho other for £27,000, being £10,000 cash deposit, and £17,000 of pcr-centage3 held by the Government. The omission of those two items reduced the amount to £200,000. The Y-erdict of the jury, corrected by the judges on the legal points raised during the trial, was for £155,000. This verdict, of course, carried the petitioners' costs, amounting to £10,000 ; but ultimately, and after all docu- ments necessary for an appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council had been pre- pared, an arrangement was como to by which the contractors agreed to accent £107,500 as a settlement of their claims under the verdict, to pay their own costs in the action, to admit against the sum of £27,000 before alluded to as held by tho Government a claim made by it of- £9,400 for engines and Yvaggons lent to the contractors, and to refer to arbitration the question of au over-pay- ment for ballast on No. 1 section of the controct, on account of which the Govern- ment claimed to retain £17,000, being the balance of £27,000 held by it. The award of the arbitrators is to the effect that there was an over-payment of £9,700 for ballast on No. 1 section in the certificate of April, 1859. Tho final settlement of the claims of the con- tractors in this important case will therefore be effected for a sum of £115,400 ; but £10,000 of this amount being cash deposited in the Treasury by the contractors, tho actual pay- ment to be made by the Government is £105,400. The Government admitted at the trial that, apart from the question of the liability of the contractors to fines for non completion of the works at the contract time, and exclusive of the sum of £27,000, there Yvas due to the contractors £60,000. The arbi- trators were-for the Government, Mr. M'Cul loch, Chief Secretary ; for Cornish and Bruce, Mr. John Matheson. Referee, Mr. William Peterson. THE BANKS. ThefolloYvinggeneral abstracts, showing tho average amounts of the liabilities and assets of the several banks to which they refer, taken from the several Yveekly statements during the quarter from 1st April to 30th June, 1867, are given in the Government Gazette : The Oriental Bank Corporation.-Liabili- ties-Notes in circulation, not bearing in- terest, £02,958 18s. Cd. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £29,991 4s. lOd. ; . balances due to other banks, £5,251 13s. Id. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £107,693 2s. 6d. ; deposits, bearing interest, £312,190 Cs. 4d. Total amount of liabilities, £518,085 5s. 2d. Assets - Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £108,767 18s. 9d. ; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £02,212 Os. 3d. ; landed property, £40,000 ; notes and bills of other banks, £5,710 4s. 7d. ; balances duo from other banks, £10,242 7s. lOd. ; amount of all debts due to the bank including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts, of every de- scription, excepting notes, bills, aud balances due to the said bank from other banks, £548,800 5s. . Total amount of assets, £781,792- 10s. 5d. The return also in- cludes the folloYving ¡-Amount of the capital stock paid up at the closo of the quarter end- ing 29th June, 18C7, £1,500,000; rate of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, 12percent.; amount of the lost dividend declared, £90,000 ; amount of tho reserved profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £444,000. The Bank of Victoria.-Liabilities-Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £271,923 ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £17,033 3s. Id. ; balances due to other banks, £51,267 10s. 3d. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £657,976 8s. 9d. ; deposits, bearing interest, £1,248,313. Total amount of lia- bilities, £2,246,513 2s. Id. Assets-Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £286,228 14s. 4d. ; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £108,43210s. lOd. ; landed property, £128,549 17s. 4d. ; notes mid bills of other banks, £19,939 5s. 9d. ; balances duo from other banks, £119,497 8s. 8d. ; amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, ond all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to' the said bank from other banks, £2,231,090 7s. 2d. Total amount of assets, £2,894,344 4s. Id. The return also includes the following :-Amount of tho capital stock paid np at the close of tho quarter ended 31st March, 1S07, £500,000 ; rato of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, ten per cent, per annum ; amount of the lost dividend declared, £25,000; amount of the reserved profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £100,000. The Colonial Bank of Australasia.-Liabi- lities:-Notes in circulation, not bearing iatercst, £84,109 10s. 9d. ; bills in circu- lation, not bearing interest, £1,036 5s. lOd. ; balances due to other banks, £11,817 17s. lid. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £20S,425 13s. 3d. ; deposits, bearing interest, £551,201 9s. 9d. Total amount of liabilities, £910,0S0 17s. 6d. Assets - Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £130,550 14s. lid. ; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £24,138 11s. 4d. ; landed property, £52,4S7 9s. 3d. ; notes and bills of other banks, £8,013 16s. lid. ; balances duo from other banks, £46,753 7s, lid. ; amount of all debts due to tlio bank, including notes, bills of ex- change, and all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and baln'nc'esdue to thesaid bank from other banks, £1,171,495 ISs. 3d. Total amount of assets, £1,433,43918s. 7d. Tho return also includes the folloYving ¡-Amount of the capital stock paid np at the close of the quarter ending 30th Juno, 1807, £437,500; rate of the last dividend declared to theshareholders, oightper cent, per annum ; amount of the last dividend declared, £17,500 ; amount of the reserved profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £57.500. \- : Tho Commercial Bank of Australia.-Liabi- lities-Notes in circulation, not bearing inte- rest, £15,815 j bills in circulation, not bearing 'interest, £182 3s. 5d. ; balances duo to other hanks; £214 14s. lOd. ; deposits, bearing inte- rest, £89,722 0s. 9d. Total amount of lia- bilities, £105,933 19s. Assets-Coined gold and silver, and other coined motáis, £59,421 14s. öd. ; gold and silY'cr in bullion or bars, £7,714 His. 7d. ; landed property, £600 ; notes and bills of other banks, £1,400 2s. 3d. ; balances due from other hanks, £4,231 Is. 2d. ; amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of ex- change, and all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to tho said bank from other bunks, £122,G12 6s. lid. Total amount of assets, £195,9S9 Is. 5d. The return also in- cludes the folloYving :-Amount of the capital stock ¡laid up at the close of the quarter ended 30th Juno, 1867, £100,247. ThoBunkof Australasia.-Liabilities-Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £217,317 13s. 9d. ; hills in circulation, not bearing in- terest, £11,437 12s. Gd. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £497,100 5s. Id. ; deposits, bearing interest, £970,973 0s. 2d. ; total amount of lia . bilities, £1,702,88811s. Oil. Assets-Coined gold and silver, 'and other coined metals, £209,247 7s. 9d. ; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £78,23618s.l0d.; landed property, £90,623 16s. lid. ; notes and bills of other banks, £28,182 15s. lOd. ; amount of all debts duo to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every descrip- tion, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo lo the suit! bunk from other banks, £1,926,059 6s. 6d. ; total umount of assets, £2,332,350 5s. lOd. The return also includes the follow- ing ¡-Amount of the capital stock paid up at this date, £1,200,000; rate of tho lost dividend declared to the .shareholders, 6 per cent, per annum, Yvith bonus of 6¿ per cent, por annum, together, 12.J per cent, per annum ; amount of tho last dividend declared, £75,000 ; amount of tho reserved profits after declaring such dividend, £351.753 14s. Tho London Chartered Bank of Aus- tralia. -Liabilities-Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £111,891 12s. 4d. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £3,480 0s. lid. ; balances duo to other bunks, £20 lGs, 3d. ; deposits, not hearing in '.forest, £101,073 5s. Od. ; deposits, bearing interest, £525,055 4s. Id. Total amount of '.liabilities, £802,121 5s. Id. Assots-Coined. . gold and silver, and other coined metals, £179,08511«. Gd. ; gold and silvor in bullion or bars, £27,214 11s. 7d. ;- landed property, I £08,411 8s. Od. ; notes and bills of other banks £8 887 6s 6d .balances due from other banks, £2 297 13s 6d . amount of all dobts due to the bank, including notes bills of ex change and aU stock and funded debts of e\ cry description excepting notes bills and balances due to tho said bank from other banks £143*513183 Ud Total amount of assets £1 719 410 10s 8d The return also includes tho following -Amount of the capital stock paid up at this dale £1 000 000, rate of the last dividend declared to the shaieholders eight per cent per annum and bonus of one per cent p rannum amount of the last di\ idend declared £ -0 000 , amount of the resorted profits at the time of declaring suchdrudend £163 57015s lOd T he N ationnl Bank of Australasia -Liabih tics-Notes m circulation not bealing m tercst £102 525 6s 8d bills m circulation not bearing mteiest £.389 14s lOd balances due to other banks £11808 17s Id , deposits not bearing interest £263 094 9s 5d , deposits bearing mteiest £356 59G 1( s Id Total amount of liabilities £730 505 4s Id Assets-Coined gold and sil\ci and other coined metals £131411 4s 9d , gold and silt erin bullion or bars £25 544 6s 9d , landed property £45150 18s 7d notes and bills of othoi banks £20 212 8s lOd , balances due from other banks £24 483 17s 9d amount of aU debts due to the bank including notes bills of ex chante and all stock and funded debts of ei ciy description excepting notes bills and balances duo to the said bank fiom other banks £847 511 17s 8d Total amount of assets £1 097 ¿~>0 14s 4d The return also includes the following -Amount of tho capital stock paid up at the close of the quarter ending the 30th June 1867 £340 000, into of the last dividend declaicd to tho shareholders 10 pei cent bonus 2J per cent equal to 12*1 per cent pei annum amount of the last dmdend declared with bonus, £33 750, amount of the íeseived profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £140 000 The operations of the Ballaiat Banking Company (limited) foi the half yeal ending the 30th June show very satisfactory íesults lhegiosspiohts aftci making allow ance for estimated bad and doubtful debts exhibit a return of £4 115 5s 4d which aftei paying the current expenses interest to dcpositois and all charges leai es a net profit exceeding sixteen per cent Hie directors propose to paj the usual dividend of ten pei cent carry £800 to the reserve fund and placo £191 7s 7d to profit and loss now account The risen c fund of the bank now amounts to £3 000 .ho balance of unallotted shaies 957, of the fust issue has been taken up during the past week PUBLIC COSIPVNIES COILCOVtOOD G 1*3 *iND COKE COJIP 1\ r The following is the îopoit of the dncctois of the Collingwood 1 lt/roj and DistnctGas and Coko Companj foi the half j ear ending 30th June - " lour directors ha-,o thought it dcsirablo to no companj tho financial statements of tho past half year Mitha short report lho first thii g to which they Mould refer is tho accident Milich occurred to tho gasometer in april last Somo anxleU « as felt na to KccpiiiL up the supplj to tho consumers from tlio other gasholder ho« c\ er bj great exertion on the part of tho engineer it has been «lone but at a considerable In crease of cost lho repairs aro finished and such precautions ha*, o heen taken as to render a rocurronco impossible It Mill be »con that tho amount of cost of benlee laj ins, has heen ii niton off tho profit and lo«s account a practice Milich the directors re- rrotnan not adopted from the first llicso amounts lime re duccd the sum ni ailablo for dil idend to £3 10D Is Id , fromMhichjour directors recommend a dividend at tlio rate of niño i cr cent per annum -ho directors proposo asking j our sanction to an issuo of sei on per cent debentures to the amount of £10 000, lo bo issued at the d scrctiou of the directors 'J lils is ron dcrcd nccessan in consequence of tho increased aroa Milich lias leen occui icd during the lost t weiro months During this period moro than nino milos of supply 11) es liai e been 1 u 1 and nearlj 1,000 meters fixed besides tho supplj ing tho public lamps of llichmond and Hist Colllnguooil This will also ptaco tho compon} in a po Itlon to take up anj noiv ¡.round from M hich a profitable return inaj bo calcu lated upon ern o. JiErBotjRM-. G\S COOTv-n At the annual gencial meeting of the share holders of the City of Melbourne Gas Com pins held nt the office of the company Mi Andrew Sutherland presiding the profits during the half yal weie stated to amount to £9 584 3s Id and out of this sum the di rectors proposed to dcclaio adit idend of eight pu cent, absorbing tho sum of £7 917 12s Hie dncctois further stated that the growing wants of the community had lendcretl it necessary to undeitako an extension of the «oil s and that foi this purpose they had exercised the borrowing powers of the com- pany bj the issue of £j0 000 Vtoith of deben turts a portion of this sum to bo devoted to piling oft £20 000 of debentures which fell due on the 2nd mst, and tho balance to bo applied to the extension of the it oiks Tho rcpoit and balance sheet woro adopted THE D\"D OF HOlh 1IIKIVG COM? V\\\ __ The follovi ing half leaily statement of ac counts « as published this w cok - Dr To capital account £250 000 0 0 To capital account No 2 80,000 0 0 To gold sold 403,705 7 5 To trunster foes 2'0 1 0 lo iconuo account 030 11 2 To deposit 15 10 0 To valuation -cash rccoh ed from Ilaud in Hand 1,802 10 1 To cash rccclicd from United Hand In Hand uud Hand of Hope Company 5,000 0 0 To unclaimed «lil idond 330 15 0 To cash charted and not paid, in sink ing No 3 shaft 83 11 11 To balance duo Union Bank-No 3 shaft 12,000 0 0 £350,210 10 1 Cr Bj purchaso mono}, claims, plant and machinery of United Bxtonded Band of Hope Company £102,000 0 0 Bl plant and machinery 00,032 G 0 B} interest 780 i 6 Bj charges 2,802 7 10 Bj ad\ ortlsmg and Stationen 015 13 10 Bj salaries 2,432 13 2 Bj Milne of shares allotted bharehohlon United Hand lu Hand 80,000 0 0 Bj millers right« 000 C 0 Bj law chartes 0,020 0 7 Bj otHco building 850 0 0 By ho 1 shaft 34 340 10 11 By No 2 »haft 101,012 12 7 By INO 3hhaft 17 700 0 0 Bj NO 4 shaft 0 570 0 0 Bj 1 Bj dil ¡dend account 272,000 0 0 Bj unclaimed dividend 330 15 0 By b ilanco duo bj Union Bank, 80th Juno, 1807 7,030 0 0 £850,210 10 1 VICTORIA i\SUB WOE cojirvMr Tho eighth annual meeting has been hold The lion Henry Millei occupied the chan 'lho following rcpoit was lead - ' Tho directors of tho Yictoua Life and Gono ral Insuianco Compaii} and Saungs In stituto beg lta\o to submit their eighth annual icpoit and balance sheet duly coi tided by tin auditois -otu dncctois baie again to congiutulato the shaieholders on the favourable process «hich tho company con tmucs to make lho balanco to cicdit of piofit dining the jeal amounting to-in the life department £9 o79 Os 7d nnd ni the insuianco and saungs blanch, £4171 Is Id , togethei £11750 7s 8d Out I of this balaneo of £13 730 7s 8d , lour dircclois no« dcclaio a di\idond of ton por cent on the paid up capital which divi demi «ill amount to £1000 and the balanco of £9 750 7s 8d v. ill bo cal nod to tho credit of piofit and loss lho di\idond will bo po j able at tho head ofhco on and aftoi to mono« The lion Gcoigo llaikei and Mi lleniy Cicswick aio tho tuo dueetois «ho íotnoby rotation but aio both ohtiblo foi re election and oller thomsohes accoidingly ' Tho lion VI Highett M L C lnquuulwhat «us the amount of the dobentuics oi bonds of the company ' rho chaitman îoplicd that «hen the balance sheet «as piepaied tho do bcntuits held by the eomjianj woio £19 000, but ho might say that since that dato tho dncctois «ero enabled to purchase £10 000 lemittable tas debontuies making altogether at this timo £29 000 Mi Highett saul ho did not allude to the assets but to the habili ties of the company lho chauman stated tho dobonluies issued by tho company did not o\cced £7 000 and ni tho balance sheet they «ero represented as deposits and ni forest Mr \\\nibgo moved tlio adoption of tho report which «as soconded by Mi I F Boin lho motion aftoi a fe« «oulsfioin the chan niau «as put and civrrud Messrs J SulheiJaud G Harker, and II Cicswiok «ero re elected dueetors and Messrs Ross and Hull «oro olected auditors THE SOUTIIEllN mauitAvoi- COM.VNY The follow mg is the sixth half yearly report of tho Southern Insuianco Company, which will bo laid beforo tho shaioholdeis on tho 2nd pioximo - " lim accompamlng ntiitomont of accounts mid balanco sheet for tho half j c u ending JOth Juno call for littlo commont on tho part of joui dliootora A comparison of tlio prcsout si itouiotit w ith tlioso willoh lmio on previous occisión» boon prosoutod to tho uhurclioldorti alfords ov Ulciico of satlsfaotorj progress In lost roport tim out-landing losses bolonging to 1800 account Moro cathu itod at £18 000, willoh amount Mas subsequently Inoroasod by othor losses, thon unknown, to £2J 102 2s Ed Tills sum lias boon paid, also lossos on 1807 account to tho oxtont of £1 ,¿U IBs lOd mid thoro is loft to tlio orodlt of underwriting account a hillanco of £20,708 7s 7«1 lho outstanding losses known but not jot nottlod up to this dato aro ostlmatod at about £10 000 It is grtiltfjlng to bo ablo to present such ft hillanco shoot, and to advert again to tho fact that, besides meeting all losses as tlioy havo occurred throughout a very trying period (or marino insuranco companies, tho reservo fund of £35,000 has boon held Intact. Under theso favourablo circumstances, your directors are enabled to recommend the payment of a dividend for tho half-year at tho rate ot ten per cont. per an- num." COPPER MISINO. The Tributers' Company, Thomson River Copper Mine, are pushing on the erection of their smelting Yvorks Yvith energy and rapidity. The steamer Murray, Yvhich arrived at Port Albert a YY-eck ago, conveyed a further supply of 6,000 firebricks; the whole of YY'hich Yvero en route for the mine two days afterwards. It is the intention of tho company to erect at least four furnaces, so that no delay YviU occur Yvhen the profitable Yvork really commences. It is stated that the first arrival of smelted* copper at Port Albert may bo expected ia about six or eight Yvceks. YVOOLLEN MANUFACTURES. The recent effort made by the directors of the Victorian Woollen Cloth Company, by Yvhich over £5,000 YVOS added to the capital, has placed the undertaking in a satisfactory Tiosition. A further supply of power-loomä and tho balance of machinery required to complete the company's plant were received by the Geoigo Thompson, which arrived last Sunday. The erection of the machinery to hand is being rapidly pioceedcd with. THE FLAX TRADE. The prospectus of the Bellerino Steam Flax Mill Company has been issued. The object of the company is the cultivation and purchase of ilnx and the manufacture of its Y-arious products. It is proposed to purchase the pioperty formeily known as tho Bellerino Flour Mills, and latterly adapted for ílax- dressing puposos. The estimated expense of cultivation, based, it is stated, upon experience, is £12 per acre, while tho returns of fibre and seed alone will give £32, thus showing a net profit per acre of £20 ; in addition to Yvhich the oil and seed-cako from tho seed will give an additional profit of £4 per acre. DISTILLATION FROM BEET-ROOT. A company has been formed to take over tho patent works at Footscray for the distilla- tion of spirits from beet-root, erected hy Messrs. John Levy and Sons. Spirit of very fine quality, of sixty-five per cent, over proof, has been produced ; and as the new tariff Yvill give a stimulus to distillation, a large success is anticipated from the operations of tho company. AMMIRALTV COURT DECREE. In tho Admiralty Court Sir William Stawell, the judge, has pronounced a de- cree in tho suit of Brown (master) v. the Mel- bourne Banking Corporation, in the matter of the ship Nightingale. The suit was brought by the master, who Yvas once part owner of the ship, together Yvith Ronald T. Gunn, of Tasmania, against the bank, as mortgagees, who huY-e taken possession of the ship, for Yvages earned by BroYvn during seven months Yvhile he YY-as pal t owner, and thirty months after ho had ceased to bo patt owner. The master claimed Yvages at £13 6s. 8d. per month while part owner as well as master, and £20 per month Yvhile master and not part OYvner. In his sworn particulars of demand he stated his claim at £100 too little, the calculation, though upon oath, being so much wrong on the Y'ery face of it. The judge, Yvhile Yvarning the master that he had run some risk of a prosecution for perjury, gave him all he had earned, £511 11s. Id. ; and gave him also costs against the mortgagees-a new circumstance in such suits in this colony. THE REVENUE. The folloYving is a comparative statement of the net revenues of Victoria during and on account of the quarters and years ending 30th June, 1800 and 1807, respectively : and I.-CUSTOMS Import dutioi On Spirits YVÍHO.. Beer cider Tobacco and snuff Cigars Tea .. Sugar and mo- lasses Coffee, chi- cory, cocoa mid choco lato Opium llleo .. Hops.. Mult .. Wltarfngo rates Export duty on gold .. All other du- ties, Including dried fruits Total Customs.. II.-EXCISE. Spirits distilled in Victoria Publicans'liconces Auctioneers' do... All other licences Total oxclso Quarter ending; June 30,1 Juno SO, 1800\. 1807. 123,012 10,084 7,588 31,024 2,105 12,707 122,413 »,355 0,559 34,700 2,010 12,123 22,154 11,042 3,030 4,007 5,880 1,372 1,755 80,68" 10,040 38,140 312,40» 8,245i 412 287 004 0,0101 30,000 39,913 31,140 5,001 40,695 30,872 10,305 III.-TEHRI TUlllAIi. Solo of land by nuction.. Accrued ' from rents mid selec- tions Pastoral occupa- tion Feet), leases, and licences.. Kout of leases under Amend- ing Act.. Minors' right« .. Business licences.. Leases of aurifer- ous and mineral! land - watcr rightn»d search- ing licences ..I 4,1S0( 3,591 Total territorial 8,023 4,705 2,651 i,r 1,106 18,305 0,430 24,070 206,741 0,87« 15M 31C| 7,071 Year ending1 Juno 30,|Juno 30, I860. I 1807. 403,460 42,847 81,217 120,703 11,351 00,098 12,017 28,214 17,000 5,913 7,304 02,385 109.82Î 111,215 1257848 23,181 13,813 4,035 0,026 47,3571 «4,5881 203,023 33,027 38,0481 3,071 8,852 716| 771¡ IV.-I.NCOMK FnOM PlIllWU YVOIIKS, Hallway Income.. YVatcr supply .. Electric telegraph Total public works V. - POUTS AXD HAIUIOURS. Tonnngo .. Pilotage (at out ports) .. VI.-POSTAOK (In eluding receipts under " moiioy oi-dors ") VII.-FKBS. Supremo Court Qciicrnl Sessions H County Courts.. Courts of Minos .. Courts of Petty Sessions All othor fees Total fees 140,520 138,S0S 10,221 0.1S0 4,40S{ 101, 4,506 30,021 177,020 120,8: 15.2S0] 7,124 140,575 3,004| 137,072 134,500 24,230 121,551 19,734¡ 5,001 10,0181 450,761 39,61« 30,741 127,330 9,338 53,02S TS.10S 13,152 19,112 11,261 5,863 7,305 59,00S 102,742 U1Ö023T 28,402 10,831 4,568 4,845 48,732 312,009 171.1S0 135,272 05,028 130,007 10,432 8,527 13,070 773,053 572,083 59,743 34,042 000,409 3,059 17,001 283 18,214 27,111 4.80S 4,700 VW.-l''lXKS AND FoiiFKirmiKS. Rupi 01110 Court General Sessions J¡ County Courts.. Courts of Petty Sessions All other flues Total fines and forfeitures IX.-MIBCKMJANK ous. Honls, exclusivo of lamí Government prin- ter Labour of pri- soners .. Storage of gun- powder .. S11I0 of Oovorn mont proporty.. All other receipts Total miscella- neous.. 3,152 9,305 18,039 2,214, Total rovenuo.. Not decrcaso 011 tlio quarter .. Not decrcaso on tho year 016 001 1,126 302 004 0,902 2,713 7,087 187,801 854,748 532,73« 01,732 23,408 015,910 17,448 218 17,001 110,787 17.G33 17.08T 10,09lj 1,440 13,005; 711,038 051,43!» 50,59» 1,082 4,810 4,2S4 6051 11,034 30,809 73,827 4,610 18,792 23jV3ffl 2,439 4,571 2,678 1,373 ¡1,115 29,041 10,075 33,042 00,862 588 li 3,15» 2.52T 0,289 43,121! e.oir 5,359 2,24« 1.ST9 2,098 29,698 44,192 3042007 (2B5544T '9554171 .. 80,010( Exclusivo of an amount of about JCIO.OOO In sui penso, ponding tho pnsslng of tho ainonileu tariff. i Exclusivo of an amount of about £80,000 in am pensó, ponding tho pnsslng of tho nmondod tariff. STOCKS IN DOND. Tho folloYving Yvero the stocks in bond nt Melbourno on tho 22nd of July : urandy, 5,127 hhds,, 66,001 cases; rum, 1,111 hhds., 708 cases ¡ gcnOY'o, 11 hhds., 105,334 cases rod, 5,544 do. green ; Yvhiskor, 427 hhds., 16,694 cases; gin (sweetened), 1,172 cases: cordials, 2,503 casos ¡ spirits of Yvine, 155 hhds. ; other spirits, 47 i "fchds.,, 14,933 , cases; -wine,, 8.978J, hhds., ^-22,918 .aises; beer,, 3,360a hhds.. 22,670 ; cases and casks; tobacco (manufactured), .JJ, 468 half-tierces, 2,115 quarter-tierces, 7,456 , three-quarter, boxes and .boxes, 3,736 » eases,-total, 2,696,5701b. ; do. (unmanufac \- tured), 182 hhds. and casks, 94 coses, 1,818 tales,-total, 637,7341b. ; cigars, 838J cases, total, 104,9301b. ; snuff, 19 packages ; tea, .. 19,113 chests, 25,040 half-chests, 9,729 boxes ; .coffee, 386 bags, 4 tierces, 277 casks, 380 barrels,-total, 420,4111b. ; sugar-Mauritius, " ' -1,809 bags ; Manilla, 57,945 bags ; Java, 5,366 '. bags ; Madagascar, nil ; other, 1,501 tons, ' 381 cases and casks ; molasses, 5 tons 7 cwt. ; chicory, 477 packages ; opium (prepared), 2 packages,-total, 5621b. ; dried fruits, 7,697 packages ; hops, 833 pockets ; rice, 11,901 bags, 13 barrels ; malt, 5,039 bags ; colonial spirits, 843 hhds., 151 cases ; bottled fruits, . 668packages ; candles, 290 chests and packages, 6,068 boxes ; cocoa and chocolate, 222 cases ; preserved moats, tish, &c.;, 17,107 packages ; butter, 694 packages ; nuts, 141 packages ; salt, 6,897 packages; do., rock, 1,940 cwt. ; hams and bacon, 591 packages ; con- fectionery, otc, 795 cases ; oilmen's stores, 14,284 cases; maizena, 117 boxes; jams, 500 cases ; varnish, 408 «jases and casks ; cheese, 918 packages ; vinegar, 691 cases, 714 casks ; saddlery, leathenvarc, &c;, 31 packages; toys and wood«*are, 10 packuges ; brushware and ?wickcrware, 118 packages ; furniture, 831 cases ; musical instruments, 2 cases ; mil- linery, drapery, hosiery, soft goods, &c;, 2,117 cases ; woollens, 144 packages ; apparel and slops, 432 packages; hats, bonnets, and caps, 73 packages ; boots and shoes, 871 packages ; earthenware and glassware, 86 packages : jewellery and plate, 1 case ; oats, 10,838 bags ; barley, 8,292 bags ; flour, 7,009 bags; turpentine, oil, and kerosene, -5,603 cases ; sacks and bags, 670 packages ; drugs', 59 packages ; ironware, 297 packages ; wheat, 1,627 bags; cordage, 46 packages; stationery and paper, 102 cases ; ieadware, 16 cases ; brassware, 13 cases. ISIPOriTS AND EXPORTS. The following table gives the imports and exports since the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1866 . Week ending Imports. Jon. 5 Jan. 12 Jan. 10 Jan. £0 Feb. 2 Feb. 0 Feb. 10 Feb. 23 -larch 2 March 0 , March 10 March 23 . March 30 ? April 6 April 13 April 20 April 27 May 4 May 11 May l8 May 25 June 1 June 8 Juno IS ' June 22 June 20 July 6 July 13 July 20 1800. £ 810,401 250,717 100,801 179,400 212,321 358,7-18 302.Î00 233,014 208,005 200,285 377,771 249,679 105,305 108,835 144,850 891,037 131,620 202,900 307,240 243.S95 120,304 347,080 329,957 307,808 300,120 271,134 155,001 22*2,241 271,134 1807. £ 343,447 873,050 300,408 210,874 231,807 214,354 193.9S8 330,476 208,454 287,223 241,407 100,405 08,724 147,342 404,010 130,410 200,802 207,054 207,700 173,600 133,610 60,912 201,397 107,157 217,888 99,150 222,708 185,083 194,388 Exports. 1800. £ 145,411 182,470 174,904 500,005 142,044 257,877 74,031 027,200 132,510 180,807 100,071 454,695 111,700 00,003 171,844 ..1,015 472,150 118,271 61,009 377,087 308,207 01,244 212,710 47,401 40,374 110,317 101,207 170,041 110,317 1807. 7,410,005 I 0,274,277 I 5,743,587 I 0,108,097 .£ ' 807,509 203,480 210,074 010,328 105,942 243,047 200,419 143,010 327,518 80,042 234,234 205,018 230,435 182,010 62,008 276,310 210 120 224,349 80.291 150,215 122,324 284,942 278,001 37,257 53,154 378.S55 120,020 180,090 03,690 ' During the first period the account stood thus : Imports .£7,410,005 Exports .5,743,6.7 ' Balanco of imports over oxports £1,073,318 During the second period : Importo .£0,274,277 Exports .0,103,007 Balance of imports over exports £70,180 \- MELBOUfiNE AVHOLESALE PRICES CUHKENT. The Argus Oftlco, Friday Evening. * . In tlio import markets business throughout tho month has been characterised by inactivity and n great want of animation ; speculation has beon dor . niant, and nothing has transpired during the period under review to rellovo tho dulness which for a long time now has been tho most proininont and notlcoablo , feature. In some exceptional instances, an advance -in prices has followed on the arrival of tho mall news ; but on tho whole advices havo not been of such a naturo as likely to lead to any pormanont ^ improvement. Bulk ales and stout present a weak aspect ; bottled stouts aro also somewhat easier. 1 Cornsacks havo declined in valuo, but advanced rates have boon realised for woolpacks. Candios havo been largoly quitted at a reduction of about a penny per ' pound. In cement, Portland maintains former rates ; hut American plaster realises very oxtromo figures. Chicory is firmer. Coffeo meets with favour at higher prices. In ircadstuffs, flour and wheat advanced After tho mail arrived, but after» ards receded. Barley is a trlflo firmer. Oats obtain little notice Blasting powder has not much alterod. Hops havo risen considerably. Malt has com- manded moro attention. In motáis, American hard- ware brings very much better prices. Oils gene- rally havo fallen In valuo. Provisions havo not been vcrj* brisk. Quicksilver Is lower. On rico an advanco of £2 to £3 has bcou established. Sugars havo been _ largely sold at a reduction. '1'eas havo not been "brisk. In timber, lumbor has been largely quitted, at prices which show a fluctuating market, Tobaccoes liavo been coniparutit ely neglected. In wines, ports have had moro notice ; brandies lune also been dis- posed of moro freely, though at someiihat lower ligures. Geneva, in consequence of the action of the Government being deemed moro favourable, assumes a firmer appearance ; M hlskoy has pai tlcipated in this impro-, einen t. Alo and Stout.-Tho market for beers has not throughout tho month presented any new foaturo of interest. On bulk ales a slight decline has had to bo submitted to; but though the market has not been characterised by much animation, supplies coming forward have been moderato, and Importers in conso iiuonco havo not bcou subjected to tiny groat reduc- tion. A few small parcels of Bass's ale havo been quitted at £8 10s. Joules' has boen disposed of, in Email lots, at £3 12s. Od. For Marrlau's, ivhlch was quitted at £8 10s. early in tho mouth, £8 5s. was accepted towards tho close. The market is still with- out arrivals of the Carllslo Company's bren*. The Burton Browery Company's ale has met M-lth pur- chasers at £7 10s. to £7 15s. ; and Scotch brands havo realised £0 10s. to £7, Jeffrey's having boon quitted at £016s. to £7. Tho business dono in bulk stout has been much moro insignificant ; for though shipments to hand havo by no means been extensive, yet thoy liavo proved moro than ampio for tho demand, and Importers aro In conscquenco obliged to M-alt patiently ' ior an improved Inquiry ; mcantimo, small lots of tho Artillery Brou cry Company's now havo boon .placed at £0 15s., ululo for tho Lion Browory " Company's £0 10s. has boon the ruling figure, Im Íiorters of Taylor, Walker, and Co.'s and Whltbroad's lavo beon endeavouring to got rid of tlio balanco of old stocks remaining on hand, and of tho latter sales liavo been made at up to £4 Os. privately ; by auction parcels of old stout liavo been got rid of, though at less money, say £3 to £3 5s. Bottled ales havo not attracted much notice, nor aro they likely to do so for a month or two yet ; nevertheless Tennent s nicoll with a ready salo at unaltered rates, 10s. for quarts and Os. Od. for pint«, though all tho other brands havo boon quito neglected. Stocks, however, being within a moderato compass, and the uiurkot not being unduly £ reused, quotations havo boon well maintained, lood's Is quoted Ds. ljd. to 0s. 3d., wlulo Arrol's rules at 0s. to 9s. ljd. Bass's triangle, In sound condition, is valued at Os. For AllBopp's, whon wanted, 8s. Od. to 0s. is obtained. Muir's is saloablo at 8s. Od. F«r Jefficy's MO quoto 8s. 0d. to Ss. 9d. The demand for bottled stout has iluctuated, but business has been vory considerably restricted by shipment-* arriving out of condition. On tho favourlto brandB prlcos havo somoM'hat given M'aj\ Importers of Edmond'« pig brand havo liad to accept of 10s. for this months arrivals. Burkc's Culiina.3 lins also been quitted at 10a. * llcnryWhlto nnd Co.'s has boon placed, in moderato lots, at 10s. In primo coudillon, .Maolilo and Glad- stone's is weil worth 0s. 9d. ; quotations aro 03. Od. to Os. Od. Considerable parcols or Ulood'a havo chango! hands at 9s. Od. Arrol's is \allied at 9s. Od., with a haro Bupplj*. The Artillery Uroivory Company's com- mand Va. Ud. Machen'u has mut with buyers at 0s. 3d. ; about 1,000 eases, sold in faulty condition, .realised only prices ranging from 4«. 3d. to 5s. Od. Tlio quality of recent arrivals of Dunphy, bolng much improved» this brand has again mot ii 1th moro favour, parcels having been quitted at prices rising to Di. ljd., " wlillo a shlpinont In champagnu bottles sold this weok -was disposed of at Os. Gd. Imperial stout brand main- tains its position ut 8s. Dil. ; for Hibburt's and Borth- wick'«, 8s, Oil. has liken iso boon obtained ; Bj'ass's lia« been placed at 8s, 3d. to Ss. Od. ; London stout Is salo- ablo at 8s. 3d. Bagging.-No business of any importunco has boon transacted in eonisaeks ; under the Infliiouco of tho ' prevailing dalnes» prices coutlmiod to drop as tho month progrchsod, and tho market at tho nrosont timo is without buyors, oven nt 12s. to 12s. 3d. tor Dundeo3. Woolpacks, after advancing to 4s. Od., aro again less brlBk, though modoratel.v-slzoii parcels aro still quitted at this figure ; Calcutta f ull-wolght packs can bo pur- chased at 4s. to 4s. 3d. The season has almost passed away without In any degree altering tho position of stocks of new gunnies, inquirios throughout the season " having been amply met by supplies of second-hand ' goods, to tlio entire exclusion of now, which now must be held over. Boots und Shoes.-120 packages .boots and shoes, also a largo quantity of leathorn aro and grindery, woro «old under tliohamuier, on tho 10th, by order of .Mossrs. W. Ullathorne and Co. Tho attomliiiico of huyors was good, mid thu prices realised woro vory satisfactory, and as follows :-Women's kid elostlc- sldu boots roallsed is. Od. to 7s. 3d.; do. cashmoro do., 5s, Od, to Os. . 3d.; do. cordovans do., 4s. Od, to 0s. 3d.; childs' copporcd toes do., 8s. Oil, to 4s. Od. ; do. kill, E.S., Ss. Od. to 4s. Od. ; moil's E.S. uppers, 2s. Od. to 8s. ; women's do., 4s. Od. to 5s. 3d. ; moil's wellington logs, 10s. Od. to 11s. Od. ; do. half do., 7s. Od. to 0s. Od. ; Bordeaux grafts, 48s. to 60s. per dozen ; half wellington fronts, 4s. Od, to 6s, 3d. ; long do., 6s. 3d. to 0s. Od. ; English roans, 30s. nor dozen ; ?French do., 38s. do. ¡patent wax, 2i. lOu. per lb. ; Whit«'hemp, Is. lOd. do. ; closing flax, 12s. lOd. per , trow ; shoe thread, Is. 8d, per ¡b. ; oyolots, Od. to lid, .-per gross. Candles -A very considerable trade has been done i In this market, though sales have been chiefly con- fined to the disposal of damaged parcels,' and aa tho quantity offering has been larger than could be con- veniently absorbed, a reduction in price has been the natural result-best brands (Do Roubaix, Brandon, Belmont) having gradually fallen from 113d. to lid for sound lots privately, while in tho auction rooms tho prico o( sound dropped to lOid and lOjd, damaged having at the latest sales been quitted at prices, according to condition, ranging from 7Jd to 9Jd and lOid About 17,000 to 18.U00 boxes havo been got rid of, chiefly under the hammer The Neva Company this week notified a reduction in tho price of their brand to 12d Cement -Tho valuo of Portland has boon sus- tained , the fon shipments in importers hands offered during the month having been taken up at 20s and 21s No supplies of American plaster havo reached, and very extremo prices in consequenco have ruled as much as 60s having been obtained for a small parcel of % cry superior qualltj Chemicals -Soda cr} utals have been attempted to bo kept up at £12, but that price has only been realised for retail lots, and this week at auction bu>ers have refused to glvo oven £11 Carbonate has been quoted 28s , but sales have been trilling Caustic has fallen to 26s , at vi hieb business has been done Of flour of sulphur only rotail sales hav o conic under ournotiLO, ut 19s. to 20s , to qult'parccls o\cr 17s to 17s Cd could not bo got Cream ol tartar is moved off steadily at Is 3d Tartorlc acid has been disposed of at Is lid to 2s A shipment of acetic acid was quitted at 6Jd per lb Saltpetre has been sold at Jis Od Prepared opium, influenced by tho fact of tho mail steamer being without fresh supplies, ¡minc diatel) rose to 60s , at Mindi sales lime been made l'atna opium has realised £300 Chicorj hasbeonmo\ed off at stcadil) improving prices, the month clos ng with s-ilcs at 3d te ¿id , in bond, for best brands Coffee -Ulis staplo is assuming a much firmer aspect, but though stocks aro fa\ounblo to a riso, the outlet is no narrow, and the market gcuorall) so sensiti\e, tho slightest unexpected addition to stocks maj cause a reaction bales this w eck hav o been made otho 1 1 Imitation at 10Jd and 10Jd , for io 2 wo quote lOd to 10Jd , .Triage was sold at ü\á Ordiniry qualities of Java are offering at Od to OJd Native Cej Ion Is In few bauds, and being wanted at 8Jd could bo got for a moderate parcel Confectionery-YVo roto afairmquirj for-issorted confections, Keillors having mot with i reid) sale at lOJd to ÍOJd , YVothcrspoon s, according to assort- ments, hav e been disposed of at lou to 10\d and lOJd Jujubes hav e been quitted at 14d , and ov cr C milled peel has been sold at lOJd for orange and lemon, while citron has beon placed at 12d to lad Cordage-Victorian moots with a reidy sale, at prices which show no chungo, and as the extensivo alterations to the factory ha\ o now been conip eted, the manufacturers expect to bo in a position to monopollso tho entire trade of the colon) (¡uotations for cordale, half to three quarter inch size, aie 7Jd and 7d respectively, while ¡t58 is read i I) obtained for assortments of sizes one inch an J upwards Hat rope is disposed of at £75 Europe common tarred rope has been quitted at £35 Foi bolt rope we quote £55 Dental lines hav c realised £J0, but tile demand is limited Seaminfr twines, according to quabt), command Is to Is Id and Is 2d Coloured twines bring 14d tol5d tish -lilla market has been extremely sluggish, no business but of the most insignificant description comme, under our notice I m¿ is quoted at 4d to .ltd \\\ lute herrings in half barrels uro disposed of at JOs to 32s lib fresh herrings reahso 8s te 8s 3d , and red herrings in t IIB aro quitted at 34s lib salmon lins been disposed of atlCs tolls 6d Hahcs and quarters sardines are quoted fit 8s 3d and 6s 3d , rcspectiv ely, for trade parcels entire shipments, however, h.a\e been disposed of at a concession on these figures-7s Od and 4s 9d , in bond, having boen accepted for a parcel of 150 cases Tor o)stersand lobsters there is no inquiry whatever, and prices tivoli, Ss Od and 7s Cd , aro merci) nominal, of tho foi mer, 700 cases, sold as fault), w ero quitted at 5s ad to 5s Cd Traits, with tho exception of currants, are in sion safo , for that named a good dein Hld is ox perlcnccd at from 4d to 4jd for medium to best qualities Sultana raisins aro quoted 8d , but hav o been sold at auction as low as 7Jd Cape raisins hav e been quoted 7d , this, how o\ cr, is au extremo figure, as Od toOJd is the most that can bo realised tor moderate parcels, quantities having been sold at even lower still For Y alendas and Elemes wo quote OJd to 7d , with few bu)crs Dried apples havo been sold atOd Hour and Grain-After tho arrival of tho Ma) mails, and stimulated b) the \er) favourable returns of Australian shipments in tho English market, tho millers here at once raised their prices of flour to £13 and £1310s , in tho anticipation that the home markets w ould continue still to boUrc,olyav ailed of as an outlet for produco, and at tho same time a few small parcels of Y ictoriau w heat w ere quitted at 5s 3d to 6s Od , but when the double risk of making ship nieuts which could not possibly reach British ports till long after han est came to be looked at moro calmly, exporters w ero induced to operate w ith caution A few large parcels haning been sent forward, the ad vaneo referred to lins not "con sustained, prices of Victorian flour having gradually but surely dropped from quotations ahead) given till reaching £12, the lou est point to which sellers have as jet been disposed togo In anticipation of favourable news, extensivo purchases of flour w ero made on speculation tho first w eck of this month, ov cr 2,500 tons changing hands in this period, and au ad\auco was then established of 20a per ton, prices rising from £11 to ¿12, smco w hieb about 1 000 tons moro hav o c1 anged hands, but w iUi tho fact before us of exports te longland from hence and from Adclaido having almost ceased, and that though the total shipments from tho latter colon) to the present time must ha\ e reached 70,000 tons, ) ct, w itli 30,000 tons still to spare, and largo supplies of our ow n still untouched, it w ould bo unwise to expect any great riso lu this market Advices from California to 10th May are to hand, but with oui ow n marl cts so plentifully supplied, tho position of this and tho South American markets eau ho of little or no interest nt the present timo A speculative movement in barley led to tho dispos ii of some 15,000 bushels of Californian at 3s 3d., and about 8,000 bushe's were subsequently quitted at up to 3s Gd Sev eral lots of Chov abor, ag negating 10,000 bushels, were cleared off at 6s 3d Oats havo worn a heavy and dull aspect Colonial hav o ruled at from 2s 8d to 3s 3d , according to sample Ono Une of 150,000 bushels Californian sold on private terms at about 2s lid Is the only trans action worth referring to Maizo lins declined to 3s 7d , with a heav) market Bran has met with pur- chasers at lOJd to lid Colonial oatmeal has gone into the banda of tho trade at £23 Scotch oatmeal has been disposed of at £18 to £20 Colonial pearl baric) is offering at £20 to £27 Scotch is salcablo at £24 to £25, with aharo market Gunpowder -Though an endeavour has been made to toko advantage of tho late favourablo advices to stimulate tho market to somo actlvit), tho attempt has failed, as onl) a fow small parcels of ordinary brands of blasting hav o been quitted at 4 Jd Bil) crs of Kaimes refuse to give over 6d , a farthing moro being required B) auction. Hall s blasting has boon sold, slight!) damaged, at 5Jd , und Pigou and YY likes', like vv ise fault), at 3gd 3.0 half barrels, and 623 quarter barrels of Kcaroll s brand, damaged, are also amongst the sales reported Hops-Ino market having beon somewhat excited b) I iifellsli adv lees, has boen extensively operated in at prices w hlch show an adv anco of at least 2d to 2 jd per lb Sales to tho extent of fully 260 poekots Tus manían haY a been reported during tho last fortnight, at 2s 8d,and about 150 to 200 pockets Kent have changed hands, 00 at up to 2s 4Ad,and 05 at li lid to 2s Id , tho month closing w ith a firm inarkot at 2s Cd for 00, and 2s to 2s Id for 05 Malt -Moro business has transpired in tills article, though sales hav o boen chocked b) tho refusal on the part of holders to ncccpt prices offered by tho fow bu)ers lu tho market About 8,000 bushols Imported malt havo been 6old at 8s Od,, vvhilo trade parcels hav o beon quitted at up to 0s 1 w o lines, reaching to about 8,0CK) bushels in all, of colonial malt, changed hands at 7s Od A shipment, ox Caledonia, sold as damaged, realised (is Jd to us 4Jd in bond Metals.-Tho tone of this market general!) has been shifcglsh, and characterised by a groat want of animation, and transactions having been limited to tho mero operations of tho trado, havo not been extensiv o Pig iron which atone tuno roso to £5. has since receded to £4 15s, with fow bil)ors Galvanised Iron lins been in fair request Scotch, 24 gaugo, Is quoted £26, for 20 gauge £27 10s is ob tallied, for Smith and M'Lcan's brand this ngura In bond Is required, for 23 gaugo wo quote £23 10s to £29 Ordinär) brands of Ln=lish madolron aro quoted, £25 IDs to £20 for 24 uau¡,e, and £29 for 20 gauge, vvhilo best brands aro disposed if at £31 te £34 for 20 gauge Galvanised iron, damaged by Boa water, was sold b) auction-20 gauge, 0ft, brought £28 Cs , 8ft, £24, 7ft, £24 15s , 0ft, £21 15s , and 5ft , £23 This week a shipment of Merewood s Lion and red diamond brand galvanised corrugated iron twos quitted-24 tauge, Oft lciifcths, realised £27 16s , 7ft, £26, 7jft, £23 5s , 8ft, £27 6s , do plain galvanised iron, 24 gauge, 0ft, £30 , 7ft to 8ÍL, £2U , do , Lion brand, Oft, 24 caugc, £32 10s , lord Brothers' galvanised plain iron, 0ft, 28 gaugo, £32 por ton , Ylorovvood's gal- vanised corrugated iron, moro or less damaged, 24 congo, 0ft to bit, £23 to £24 , do galvunisod plain Fron, «ft lo 8ft , £21 6s to £2? Ali wrought iron hns been extremely dull Bar and rod Iron has been sold at low cr rates shipments hav lug been disposed of at £0 und up to £10 Sheet iron, aceoidiug to mun her, Is stead) at £12 10s , but without much domand Bollor plates huvo been littlo asked for for local pur- poses, for export, howovor, somo Aft) ton« wero placed, quotations remain at £12 to £13 Hoon Iron Is nominally held for £12, tbcro Is no inqulr) vvhatovor Muntz and Yivians metal havo remained at lOd to lOid , the demand Is not brtsl £ dicing who is moved off at £10 10s , £17 10s , and £18 10s to £10, somo 40 tons for export have lately been taken up at quotations 'thero is no inquii) whutovor for lolled Leads aro not activo Fig lead Is quoted £24 10s Shcot docs not realise over £20 10s, and Is not readily quitted at even that figuro Shot has been sold at up to £20 lill platos aro extremely scarce, and sales havo boen mado at thlrtv llireo and a half per cent advance Eu banks nails command attention at «oven and a half to ten per cent off list Good assortments of Anio rlean hav o realised as much as 80s A damaged parcel at auction vvus quitted at 26s Oil , sales of Arness shovols have been mudo at 72s Od , for a shipment, in fault) con lltlun, 03s was obtained Day s I) shovols command 48s to 50s Of Chapín s and othoi makers' thero aro nono offering Collins s heav) axas aro quoted at less mono), v iz 72s Od to 75s , a Hilo having been made n fortnight ago nt 78s Collins s heav v picks aro valued at 55s lor good assortment« of hollow u are t li ero is again a road) salo at from tw ont) percent to tw cut) five per cont off list Oils -In tho beginning of tho month n consider- able amount of korosono changed on speculation, chlofl) ow imj to tho oporatloiiB of a largo Jobbor since insolvent, but tho sales having lapsed, the market has been a good deal injured in consequenco About ten da)s ago tho Lawraiico Brown, with 20,000cases, dropped In, a clreumstanco which has tonded still further to depress the markot, though within tho last dav or two prices havo liad a moro settled nppoaranco Sales of Downer s were effected at 2s bd , In bond Coz und sales of photolito w oro madu at 2s Od , In band Castor ollis casier, 6s Id , duty paid, hav lug boon accepted Linseed is onco more offered on siightl) easier terms, wo quote 4s 10 Jd , duty paid, fur drum, and 4s Od for bulk, tho latter being moro in request. Colza ia moved off slowly at 5s Oil for drum and 5s for bulk Olivo oil is steadily hold at Cs Od for drum and (Is 3d for tho soma oil In cask Chlncso is dull of Bale nt 6s, and there is littlo doing Black oil is firm at £54 to £r/6 Oilmon x stores havo shown littlo animation Pickles, assorted, have been sold according to brand at (is 3d to 7s for common , 8s to 8s 3d for medium, and us. id to 109. for C andB ; and Moir'a onions have been quitted at 7s. Od Sales of lib. jams have been re- corded at 8s to 9s 8d for common to ordinary quali- ties, and 9s Od. to 10s for best descriptions Coltsfoot jelly, quarto, has been sold at 22s. Od to 24s , and pinto at 10s 3d Assorted bottled have been quitted at 8s 4J«L to 8s. Od , and black currants command 10s Od tolls Salad oils haï o mot with buj ors at Os 3d to 7s for half pinto, 10s to 10s Od and up to 11s to 11s Od for pint«, while quarto havo been dis- posed of at 21s Od to 23s. Castor oil has been quitted at 8s Od for pints, and Ss Od for half pints Bulk vinegar has been placed at Is lOd Quart v inegar has been sold at 8s balices rulo at 7s Ga , small -ottles I were sold as low as 4s Od Curry powder In half 1 pound bottles realised 7s Colman s mustard in 71b tins is worth 8 Jd to8Jd .pound tins are quitted at 10s 7Jd tolls Od., and half pounds havo been disposed of at 7s to 7s 3d Colman s white starch sells at 6Jd to (k1 , other brands aro quitted at Sid. to 5JtL Blue starch is firm at 4Jd Thumb blue is soiling at lOd Light bluo has been placed at 9d Jar salt has beon quitted at Os 3d Sago goes into the hands of tho trado at 2Jd to2Jd Provisions-For loca! uso thero is no demand cora parattvely for hams and bacon, the only business doue being for export. Sinclairs and Varey s hams lu»o been disposed of at 15Jd for hams and UJd for bacon, duty paid, in bond sales hav o beon mado at 14d , 14 jd , and 15d Cheese, of fino qualitj, mcot3 a re idy salo at Is 3d to Is 3Jd Quicksilver, after being forced up to 2s 8d to 2s Od , receded ogam to 2s Od , at Milich it non remains without attracting any attention Rice. - This product has been very considerably stimulated since the armai of tho mail by tlio mtelli genco that tlio Dundas Castle-for some timo past expected here-had put Into Mauritius leaky, and M ould ha-, o to discharge cart o , this information ha\ Ing led to the purchaso of 150 tons, the bal meo of the IVolí crino s tarto- tho onlj parcel of Patna lu first hnnds, and as tho destruction of 400 tons by the firo Mlnch consumed tho rice mills took place next daj, holders w ero induced-tlio remainder of tho stock in tho city being then in the hands of one firm-Imuio diateh to advance the price £3 per ton, and sales hal o since been made at £27 10s , thus confirming tho rato sought to be established though at this time tho bus! ness done has not been large Advices from Calcutta report the departure during tho month of tho Tamby Caiidassamj with 030 tons, and tho St Bernard with 230 tons, and thero Mas a vessel loading for the colo liles lho former of these vessels armed early this month, but tho cargo has not jot been sold. Advantage has been taken of the state of the market by holders of Java to realise and on Friday, the 19th inst,, the Java rice forming portions of the Eugenie's and Jeannie Oswald's cargoes was offered for sale and the whole, amounting to 2,400 bags, was got rid of, the greater portion at £23 10s., a small parcel at the close of the sale realising £27 5s. Salt-A bhipincnt cf ISO tons, coarso and fine, or thereabouts, was closed for three Meeki ago at C410s for the former, and £4 15s for tho latter, sinco then sales have been trilling, tho trade demand is mot at £5 and £5 10s respectively, M ¡th fen bujers Sugar. - Arrivals during the month havo boen on such a scale as to seriouslj affect the sale of this staplo as nell as causo prices to decline On tho 4th inst the damaged portion of the Luton c s caito of Java sugar, 8,635 mats, M as disposed of under the hammer, at £31 for grejish orj stals, £3010s to £33 10s for jelloii countors, £24 for brOMiis, and £17 10s for low rations, and on tho 5th tho balances of tho caigocsof the riatworth and Cabot, from Mauritius, amounting to 0,001 ba¿s, vicro offered bj public salo, the auctioneer succeeded in disposing of 2,500 b igs, 35s Od to 30s Od for fine counters, 37s Od to 33s for mlddllii- ii hito, to 30s Od for fino vi hit« erj stals Thero was alargo attendance of the trade, but the biddings Mero about 20s per ton under holders' limits , the sellers, however, would not givo way, or, rt about that reduction, tho w bolo inij,ht hav o been p accd A considerable increase vi us noted in tlio business of the vi eck ending tho 13th, though sales chicflj consisted ota class not prev iouslj much liked, but vi hich is rapidlj tal ing ii portion in publie favour The quantity of Mauritius sugar dis posed of during tho Eauio week was trilling Tho solo of tho Cuttj Sark s care,o of Bourbon sugars, M hich took place on the 8th inst, attracted a largo attendance, and tho auctioneers were in consequence enabled to disposo of the entiro cargo to w ¡thin 1,000 mats, or thereabouts, 17,000 mala finding bujers at £20 12s Od to £23 for IOM rations, £24 5s to £20 for fcood rations, £30 fur browns, £31 to £30 for counters, £37 for jelloM cristals, and £3S 2s Od for white crjstals On the nth, the residue of tho car goes of the Briton and Sarah, Mauritius sorts, consist- ing of 3,324 bags, vi ero offered, but onlj 1,1J0 bags M ero let go at the IOM er rates buyers vi ere inclined to give On the 12th, the balance of the Eugenie s Java sugai-s-3,473 mats-realised bv public salo £33 10s for troj crjstals, £23 10s to £20 for brown, and £18 6s to £1817s Od for IOM rations During the past fortnij,htahcavj and unsatisfactory feeling prcv ailed, as w ill be seen by tho repeated failures in rinding pur chasers for the cartoes then on tho market On tho 15th, that of the Pride of the \\\ est, consisting of 7 278 bags, w as offered under tlio hammer, but tho nu porter requli ing a considerable adi ance on the rates then ruling, the whole had to bo viithdraMn On the 18th, the damaged portion of the Alehj mist's cargo-500 bags-Mas sold at satisfactory rates On the 10th, tho cargo of tho Bon Nevis, from Mauritius, consisting of 6,444 bags sugar, vins offered, and tho auctioneer succeeded in selling 3 530 bags, at 30s Gd to 32s for good to fino browns, 33s to 33s 3d for medium counters, 31s Gd to35s for good to fine do , and 30s Od for finest, 34« toS-is for j ellon cr-, stals, 37s Od to 3Ss 9d for middling to good Milito do-prices which fully sustain current rates Thero M as a good attendance of tho trado, but a want of animation in the biddings was apparent On the 22nd, the damaged portion of the Ben îievis -802 bats-was placed at satisfactory rates, condi tion considered , and the balance of the sound-1,500 bags-was sold privately On the 24th, tho cargo of the Alchj mist, from Mauritius, consisting of 10,157 bags of sutar, was offered, but could only succeed in placing 800 "jags, at from ¿is Od for low j elloiv crys tais to 38s 3d for white. do On the 22nd, a portion of the Jeannie Oswald's Java sugar was offered for sale, and the whole, 1000 baskets, was disposed of, with all faults, at £32 10s to £34 for crushed Java, and £21 18s to £22 13s for low brown. Stalionorj -At a salo of damaged paper, ox Mora v ian, Macduff, -c , tho follow Ing prices M ere obtained -Bluo w ovo foolscap, OJd , j ellon novo do, 5Jd , blue M ov e quadruple do , OJd , yellow wovo do do , 6Jd , blue vi ovo largo post, 7Jd , printing doublo foolscap, 5d to 5Jd , grcjs, 401b to 551b , 3d to SW , ~c .¡Nineteen bales groy paper hogs w ero also sold at from 3Jd per lb , for slightly damaged, duty paid, and 2}d t« 2Jd for slightly damaged, and Id per lb for verj badlj damaged bags, as thev lay In tlio shed, und with no charges of anj kind paid bj vendors Soft Goods-Wo havo to report extreme dulnt_s in this branch for tho past month Hie wholesale houses have been cblclly occupied in taking sto-'k, and making preparation for the spring trade Several ships have lcccntlj arrived, bringing largo quantities of toods, which lins for tho present supplied the market with almost every description of goods Prices gcnerallj aro well maintained, in consequence of tlio moro moderato scalo of shipments ad\ iscd for the colonies, and it is expected a moro profitable trade vi ill ho dono in futuro Tlio retail business lias been verj depressed Several of tho drapors havo been nimble to meet their engagements and had to assign their estates, whilst tho accommodation afforded lins been verj extensive Timber-In this market transactions, which have been to a fair extent, have been chiefly confined to tho salo of lumber White pino and shelving receded £2 in the (list part of the month, hut recovered atain at a later period In Scotch flooring thero lins been little alteration, and deals hav o remained stcndjaUJd to4]d Ontbo2ndinst 323.803ft Scotch fiooiing and 298 548ft weatherboards, ex -sineraldn, w ero offered bj public salo, for tho former, for 0 x li red, 11s Od was realised, 0 \1J white bioutht 11s Cd and 11s 3d , 0 x J white, 10s Od and 11s , 0 x ä Milito, Ss 0d ,0\J white plain, 7s , Ox iwhito beaded, 7s 3d and"s Od , four out red and nhito vicathcrbourds, vvero quitted at 7s to 7s Od , lix. out red do , at 6s Od , 227 pieces 113 white deals sold at 0"d to 0 7 lOd por running foot Lx Urania, 27,000ft shelving was placed at £10 to £10 2s Od On tho Faino daj tho \ arm s cargo of cedar was disposed of at 10s to 10s pel 100ft \estorduj, ex lliilnicniann, 1,300 red deals, badly damaged, brouLht 4 1 lOd to 4 3101 per foot 9x3, 83 preces 7 x 3 do , 4 5 lOd do , 103 pioces 11 x 3 spruce, per foot 9 x 3,4'd , 300 do 9 x 3 do , 4 1 lOd do , 4 birch and 2 elm logs, 13s Od to 18s per 100ft Also the lumbci, laths, doors, ¿e ,exLoianter, Nollio Chopin, and Adclla Carleton, were quitted as follows, all faults -272,000ft vi hit« pine shelving, at from £9 7s 0d to £10 2s Oil , 237,000ft do do Ï and G , broutht £0 to £10 2s Od , 32,000ft Hu to 4in clear pine, £13 2s Cd to £13 7s Od , 119 000 4ft spruce laths 20s , 131,000 41ft do do, 82s Od to 31s 3d , 0,700 5It do piel ets, £7 17s Od , 2 172 sound D NI «loora foi 1x7, 21n , realised 21s Od , 2 10 x 0-10, ljlii, 10s Gd to 19s 9d ,3x7, ljln 19s (k1 to 20s 3d , 3 x 7, IJln , 10s to 10s 3d , 2 10 x 0 10, ljlii , If» lid , 28x08, ljin , Iii Oil to 10s 3d , 2 8x0 8, lgin , 14R 3d and 14s Od ,2-8x0 8, llln , 14s 3d , 2 0 X 0 0, lilli . 14s 01 to l's Od Atauc tion on the 12th, on tlio Australian "i\ harf, ox Loi aliter and Î10IH0 Chaplin, all faulto-25,000ft 1J to 4 Inch clear pine realised £14 5s to £15 5s , 20,.»34f t T and O spruco, 10s Od , 282 pieces 11 x 3 and 0 x 3 «pi ueo dt ils. 4>d to 15 lOd 11 230ft pilch pino 1 and Q , at Ps Oil to 12s Oil ,340 doors M ero placed at from 12s 3d to 18s Od On the loth 70,000 foot white pino T and O wcio placed ut £9 12s Od, and 27,000 feot shelling nero quitted at £9 12-1 Gd to £915s N cstcrilnj, ox Law nineo Brow n, all faults, 27,078ft vi hito pino i-helving vi oro disposed of at ¿bl) 10s , 110,520ft do , 1 and G , nt £8 17B Od to £9 2« Od , 87,238ft Hil to flin clear pine brought £18 17s Gd to £1110s ,07,500 4ft laths, 20s Fx Albert 1-dwnrd and "iMilto lioso-S08,0S2ft, Scotch flooring was offered 1 or 0 x 1J; re«! and vi lil to, 13s ana 13s 3d vi as obtained, G x 3, do , realised 11s Od and 11s 9d , 0 x i do, Os Od to 7s Gil , lG0,712ft weatherboards, four out, Moro quitted at 7s 3d to 7s Od , flv 0 out, do, at 0s Gd Tho cargo of cedar ox Loronzo Sabino Mas disposed of at the samo time-110 logs Moro placed at 14s 3d to 23s 3d , 39,000 5ft palings broutht 12s , 10,000 Gft palings 12s 8d On tho 23rd, 150 OOOft . and G white- Scotch flooring, offorcd, all faults, ox White Rose, realised for li x H, 12s 3d to 12? Od pei 100ft ,0x3, brought 11s (k1 do , 0 x i, 8s Od do , 0 x i, Os 9d to 7s do Ex Spraj, 72 logs Kaurlo pino vi ero placed at 14s 3d to 10s Od per 100ft supor Ex Excelsior, 11 x 3 Bpn co deals, damaged, sold at 4d per foot 0 \ J Tobacco-The market has presented a loss pro mlslng aspect than foreomotlino past, buvcrs, having been imbued with tlio fear of Increased shipments, havo shown fal moro disposition to quit than in crease stock, and operations, in eonsequoneo, havo been rathol circumscribed Most salos have been effected under tho hammer Inquiries, either for local purposes or for export, hav 0 beon v orj limited , in tho Meek cndlnp; Oth instant souio 230 three quarter boxes tens were disposed of prliatolj, atprlcos rlslnir from Is 2Jd to Is Od , and about twenty half tierces Queen of tho South twist vi oro qulttei ut Is By auction, 100 packages Moro got rid of at Is 2Jd for tens and half pounds, and Is foi tu 1st During tho following week various private sales of tens at Is 2'd to Is fid , and of dark half pounds and dark aromatic half pounds at from Is JJd to 1H 8d Moro reported , and of 100 packages, disposed of or tho 12th hist, dark aromatlcs, faulty, brought Is 61I to Is lljd , tens, also fault}, realised 81d to lid , and half pounds were quitted at Is JJd, ulilln damaged tw ist sold nt fid Last w ock M as characterised bj a total want of activity, and, with tho ox eeption of tho fow small pareóla taken up for trado requirements, not a single Uno of anj eon sequenco chanted hands, but, notwithstanding this, a considerable advanco is required by im portera for fino tens especially, which are scirco, holders refusing to sell unios« at a rise on former rates of at ¡cast ljd to 2d per lb In half pounds the tendency ia in favour of buyers. Stocks of twist havo now got into a much narrower compass, and thero is e\ cry indication of a start in prices taking placo shortly In sheepwash thoro is littlo doing On the loth, at auction, pounds aromatic w ere placed at Is 3d., half pounds realised Is 6d , and faulty half pounds sold at lOJd to 12Jd On tho 19th, damaged twists were quitted at -ijd" to Is , and tens at-1 Jd to Is 2d On tho 23rd, twenty half tierces twist more or less damaged by salt-water, were quitted at 4Jd to G]d , and fifty bales Calcutta leaf was sold at Jd per pound Trade quotations aro as follow -Of common tens and half pounds tho market is cleared, middling qualities aro quoted OJd to Is , good, Is to Is 5d , fine, lOd to lSd , light coloured, 16d to ISd , aromatics, 18d to 2s , twists, Northern, Sd tolOd , Southern according to brand, 14d to 2s , tho latter only for Barrett s YYincs and Spirits -Little or no business has been transacted in sherries, but ports havo commanded a good deal more notice, though only w ithin the last tendavs Privately about 100 hhds of common to medium qualities found hu) ers at £21 to £40 Sev oral lines of Boughton s ports hav o been placed at 681 to £06 for four diamond, and £45 for two diamond On the 10th about 100 hhds and quarters of Ollie) a wero disposed of at C38 10s to £V> according to qualities Of light wines we onl) note the sale of a few dam iged lots In brandies, dark Martell s lias been in fav oin at 0s 6d , and palo Hennessy s has boon sold, In small lots, at Cs 3d te Cs Od., while a shipment of hhds ard quarters and about 250 quarters alono have been placed in parcels at Cs to tis 1 jil C V P Is quoted 5s 9d toOs Otard is offering at Is fld , without meeting hu) ers A small shipment of Renault s pile m quarters was sold at 6s 9d , and by auction about 120 hhds and quarter casks of Y morrow ers brandy were disposed of at 5s 4Jd to 6s bd Central Y me ) ard brand) has been quitted at 4s Od to 4s 9d , and Eales of commoner brands hav c been made at 4s 1 Jd Caso brand es hav e been improv in,r, sales of Hen ness) s in lines of 250 cases having been mode at 25s 10Ü to 26s , about 1000 cases wero quitted at 2JS 3d , and 500 changed hands at 2r>s (id , but the market is since easier, une or tu o shipments havm" been pluccd ut 26s A line of 400 coses U Y 1* w as sold at 22s Od for Otard s, 22s 0(1 is wanted Martell s is quoted 2^s Cd Sales of Y incgrowers have been made at ISi to 20s , and for C V I' a like price is wanted Somo damaged parcel» ex Caledonia and other vesscls, have been disposed of b) auction-Honness) s realised 21s Od , while Martell a and Sazerac s w ero quitted at 17s Cd to 19s, and 15s 9d to 10s Cd Under a growing feeling that justice will be done b) tho Government to holders of ^undor proof geneva, the market is beginning to av e a firmer aspect, transactions, notvvwithstanding, however, hav e not been extensiv e, for, w ith the exception of a line of 700 cases and one of J 000 cases of JDK/, quitted at 10s to 10a 3d , no sales hav o transpired V H mid Co is quoted 0s 3d to 9s Cd ,alidß andV is valued at Ss , though sales during the month hav o boen made as low as 7s Hum Is quiet, a shipment of sixt) hhds was pi iced lu a lino ut 2s lid, for ten over proof wo quote 3s to 3s Id , thirt) over proof is unsaleable YVhisko) has com manded more rotlec, and sales of long duty kirk liston hav o been made at bs Cd , vv hile Ion dut) has boen sold at 9s 3d , about 3,000 cases last week changed hands, for bulk we quote 4s 01 , 5s , and 5s 3d Old tom is valued at 12s Gd to 13s Od Till! TUA MAKKET Messrs J Curie, Rohettson, and Co report on tins staple as follows - " The month has closed with a Yorymca¿ro array of sales, m fact, bc)ond actual tradu purchases, nothing has been done Towards the latter part of the month a better feeling was manifest, and as somo importers seemed inclined to quit at a shade under quotations, several lines have been placed to the trade Th s ) car is to a certain extent nu exception to prev ions ) ears, as about this tuno thero hasgeic rall) been a speculative movement Our stocks, how cv cr, arc too largo, as w ill be seen b) reference to our comparative statement, and having sufficient for requirements until tho now teas arrive, thero is no room for speculation In passing, however it might bow eli to state that w o hav e ov er 12 000 half chests of Tay f han congou not suitable for this colon), which must bo sent to somo other market and hav ing in so man) prev ions circulars adv ised shlppors to abstain from sending here such unsaleable trash and spurious rubbish, weare at a loss to account for the quantity now in stock Very low Ta) shan congous hivo not been in demand, and sales hav e been made at lid per lb in bond, low í oochow dust and skin are now near!) out of the market, and lid per lb has readil) been obtained, leaf) desci iptions of Foochow have been fetching Is to Is Id per lb, but aro now rather dull of sale, and lower prices are anticipated, mixed leaf kinds to Biimo with littlo flav our hav e been selling v cry freel), and Is 3d. to Is 5d , and Is 5Jd to Is 7d , has been obtained, blackish and brownish leaf kinds are now in very small stock, and sales hav c been mode at Is Gd to Is 7d flavoury descriptions of blackish leaf aro not so much sou0ht alter, but above this thero is a very good inquiry at Is 9d to Is lOd , for second chess kalsow s ana Uno to finest kaisows, importers havo given wa), as there is little sale for high priced teas and we must reduce our quotations b) several pence per lb , this is In a great measure ow mg to tho belief that tho now season s will open at about eight ortontaels lower than last )cnr and holders goncrall) wish to get out of stock boucliong -Mono m the murkct worth noting', ond no demand Orange Pekoe -Sales havo been made at ratlureasicrrates Caper -îvostockordemand Green TCOE -YY ith the exception of gunpowder and imperial there bas been no inquiry , in fact, green teas of any kind aie now belonging to the past and not worth reporting Auction Sides -riiero havo been no sales during the month The arrivals during -jhe month havo been the Joshua Bates, from Hong hone, with 23,2001b lea, passago sevent) three da)s , and at S)dne), the Atrevida, from Hong Kong, with 31,800 lb , paikago seventy three da)« , somo portion of tho tea brought by this vessel is branded new season a llio dcliv erics for tho past month hav o boen 302,4201b ogainst 243,4721b at the same time last)ear The stock m bond in Melbourne is 2 812 4911b against 2,248 5851b at the samo time last )car Congou, broken Foochow, none, ordinary to good ordinary, Is Id to Is 2Jd , mixed leaf Muds, Is 3d to Is 6d , mixed leaf with little flavour, Is 5}d to Is 7d , blackish leaf kinds, le Cjd to Is 7d , do strong Is 71d to Is 8d , do , strong, with flavour, 1B Bid to Is 9d , do , lvaisow kinds, rather strong, Is Od to Is lid , do , pekoe souchong and pekoe flavour, 2s to 2s Id do , fino rich pekoe souehon= flavour, 2s 2d to 2s 4d , do , \ er) Ano do , 2s ed , v erv low la) shan 4jd to 6d souchong, common, none, middling to fino, nona , extra Uno, none , orango pekoe, scented ordinär) and broken Is 4d , do, good to Ano, Is Ed to Is 7d , do , finest Is Hu to 2a Id , capor, scented common to middling, none, do , mlddlln to fine, none, do , finest, none, li) sonskm, Can toi, nominal, 5d to Cd , true common to fine 7Jd to led , li) son, common, 9d to Is , good to fine, Is 3d to Is Od , finest, Is 9d to 2s , )oung h)son, Canton and Twankii) I mils, Sd to Is Id ,good )ellowishleaf to finch)son flavour, Is 8d to 2s (id , gunpowder, Canton, good to Ano, Is 8d to 2s countr) kinds, 2s Od to 3s , imperial C niton good to fine Is Cd to Is lOd , country kinds, Is 01 to 2t Above quotations aro at per lb in bond for chests (boxes being worth 2Jd to 3d per lb moro) Dut) on tea in \ iotorla, 3d per lb MÜLBC-URNÜ "-VOOL- MAttKUT Messrs K GOLDSBROIOH and Co report -"Since our report of last month about 1,300 bales of vv ool havo been offered at auction in Melbourne, consisting for Hie most part of clips from tho Darling district, detained thero since last and previous seasons, ¡n consequence of tho rivor being too low to admit of navigation Tho condition of somo of theso lots was scarcely calculated to induco competition, except at low figures andas tho growcrswcrounwillingto accept the rates offered, the greater portion wore bought in, and will probably bo bhipped on ovvnors' account A considerable quantit) of wool from tho above district has still to como forwaid, but tho bulk of that which has reached the shipping ports lias been Bent direct to tho London market, without hav ing been offered to colonial bin ers Tho reports about tho quantity of wool detained on this river have been vor) conflicting, tho estimâtes varying fiom 10,000 to 20,000 bales, wo havo now, how ovoi, more reliable date, on tho subject, and find that thoro Is not near!) so much left on hand as w as anticipated This is accounted for b) the fact that a considerable number of bales hav o been sent overland h) waggons to S) dnc) and Adelaldo during the post tw el v o months, and the lot« thus forwarded, in almost imperceptible quantities, make a large aggregate From ono station alone about bOO bales have boen forwarded to Sydney In this manner As nearly as wo can ascertain, thoro aro about 8 000 bales now on tho rlvor, and Uiisquantit), added to that which lins already readied ashlpplngpiirt, would make ti o total about 8 000 bales, oxcluslvo of the quantit) forwarded overland YVo continuo to hav o v ei) satisfactory adv ices from tho up country districts tho lambing up to this date hav ing giv cn an unusuall) largo percentage of increase whilst rain has been abundant Feed is plentiful and stock In good condition, so that thero is ever) reason to ox peet a heavy clip of wool Tho moro «orthorn distiiets havo beon visited by heavy floods, and on man) of the hack stations tho dams and creeks aro Ulled to overflowing, a supply of water for tho next two or threo )ears boin,; thus ensured Prices current nominal, at following quotations - Greas)-Inferior to ordinal ),0d to8d .ordinary to ovcingo, 8d toOd , good to supeiloi, lOd to Is Id 1-leece- Inferior to ordinary, Is 3d to Is 5d ordl nary to av erogo, Is 6d to Is 8d , good to su poiior, Is Oil to2s Id Scoured- Ordinär), 1B 4d to Is 7d , good, Is 8d to Is lOd , superior, 2s to 2s 2d Hides -Prices remain about sanio as quoted last month, sa), Inferior to ordinär), 5s to8s, andavo rago to good, 9a to 12s each Large pareóla, In ship ping order, aro wortli higher rates, but transactions seldom occur, the bulk of tho lots being shlp|)cd on ow ncrs' account '1 ho Gala cleared for Lou lou on tho 13th instant, with 3,400 hides, and the kosciusko is now loading for tho samo port and will piobabl) tako about 10,000 moro 1 allow -Sinco our last re port thero havo been but fow transactions, suppl) bolng limited Quotations romain about tho sarao, saj, beef £33 to £35 , mixed, £35 to £30, and mutton, £30 to £38 per ton Ina fow months honco this pro duct will commenco to form nn important item In our exports, ns, in consequenco of tho largo Incroaso in Bhcop, a gonoral recourse to boiling down surplus stock for the tallow seems inevitable It is confident!) anticipated that tho returns from Balo of tallon and pieservatlon of moat will provo considerably moro remunerative than tho quotations which havo ruled for sheep during tho past fow montliB Clearances aro -Juno 29 Suffolk, for London 02 casks, July 13, Gala, for London, 101 casks, July 22, Blackwall, for London, 237 casks, total, 100 casks " Messrs CIMXUUAM and MACHFMP report - " Y\ ool-Tho Darling wools incntlonod in our last monthly report have, with other clips subso quently received, been submitted to auction in two public salea, on tho 17th and 19th lust, but on both occasions tho actual Bales wero vory II inltcd, tho London May advices recclvod early on the 10th inst, having had a depressing effect, und buy ors offers Bcarcoly reaching grow ors expectations Aeon sldoroblo portion of theso WOOIB 1B bolng scoured, and will probably bo shipped within the noxt month YY'o may quote greasy, at Cd to lOJd , scoured, 13Jd to lOJd Tho shlpmonts during tho last month for London havo boon as follows - From Hobson B Bay -Suffolk 452 bales, cleared 29th Juno , Moravian, 1,425 bales, cleared 9th July , Gala, 303 bales, cleared 13th July, Blackwall, 302bales, cleared J2nd July lotal, 2,482 halos Previous flhip meiils from 1st August, 1860, to 14th Juno 1867 103,203 Total shipment* to 22nd July, 165,745 bales Tile vessels now loading aro the YVuvo of Lifo, Sussex, and White Hose, which aro expected to toko shout 1,400, 700, and 1,000 bales respectively Sheepskins -Wo havo «old at 4d to 7d per lb Didos are in demand, and have brought 12s to 14s each Tallow -Wo sold mixed at £31 10s per ton Calfskins havo brought SJd per lb Kangaroo sktiui havo realised 6s to 12s per dozen * The LOMIOX and AUBTIULIAV Aai >tcr Cosirtóv (Li raited) furnish tho follow Ing monthly report for trans mission per H M S S Avoca -" YVool -During the month two sales by public auction havo boon hold, when a total of 1,261 bales was offered of which the principal part were northern wools Tho attendance was good, and particular attention was paid to tho progress of tho sales, as all interested in our staple w oro anxious to ascertain how much our local market was affected hy the late reduction in prices at the London sales It soon becamo apparent as the sales progressed that a wide difference existed, as to value, between bu)cr and seller, and tho result was that out of tho two catalogues submitted, onl) a small percentage passed tho hammer Alter tho sales, a disposition was shown h) sellers to meet buvers, but tho over turcs wero ni t re. i onded to in a ßatlsfactor) ni inner on their part YY e continue to receive very favourablo advices lMini the up coimtr) district, feel being al nndnnt, and tho lunbhy giving a largo perccnto"o of Increase The he ivy fall of ram referred to in our last report lias continue 1 through tho greater portion of the present month lu somo dis triets we hoar that tho rivers have risen from thirty to forty feet ubovo tho usual summer level Feed is reported as bcin¿ ver) plentiful, and stock general]) aro said to ho In good condition The caning clip will, we have no doubt (owing to tho before mentioned favourable causes), be considcrabl) above tile average, not only in condition, hut also in tho growth and staple The weiklv shipments hav o been as below viz -tor the week ending June 22, 16 0901b, value £1825, Juno 29 117 4Grlb , valuo £9 035, July 0 14 2801b , value £1 012 July 13 337 3051b , valuo £28 803, July 20 141001b, valuo £1400, total, 600,140lb , value £12 140 To which odd previous shipments, from October 10, 1800 to June 15, 1807, 30 324 0091b , valuo£2 011,094 Total,30824,2151b ,value£2 033,834 Hides-VYohaveno sales to report One shipment bos been mude during the month, per Gala, of 3,490 hides Market quiet SHIPPING AND rilEIGIIT MARKET Mr S De Beers monthly shipping and freight report is as follows - " Hie present being the dullest season of the year, Bcarcclv any change has taken place on homeward freights during tho past month The departures for London embrace four ships-viz , the Suffolk, Mora Man, Gala, and Blackwall, each with ii full cargo of produce, considerable amounts of gold, and fair num bera of i ossengcrs The Sussex, YVav o of Life, YVlnte Bo e, Essex, Kosciusko, and Great Britain, s s , now occupy the berth the latter for Liverpool, the desti- nation of tile others being" I ondon It is pleasing to have again to note the arrival in our hay ol the Great Britain, under command of Captain Gray, after a passage of fifty eight dal« from Liverpool her numerous pasjengers all in good health and, as usual, enthusiastic in their praises of tho good old ship and her respected and worthy commander Shipment« of hreadstuffs to England still continuo and wheat and flour has comprised a consideriblo portion of the cargo of caeli ship which has sailed lids hua had the effect of sustaining rates of freight generally, whieh coutume the tame as lost quoted, viz 60s per ton for wheat and flour, wool, OJd por lb ío^scoured, 0¡¡d for ^reasy , hides, 30s per ton , rags, 50s , bark 60s The burquo Ben ï>evis, 2S8 tons, has been encased here to load a full cargo of wheat at Adelaide for Liverpool at 60s per ton As usual at this season of the year, tho number of pas sengers offering for Fngland is not considerable, but no doubt the Great Bntiin will, as on former occa- sions, conv ey a large number of all c1 issss Consider able shipments of horses continue to he inadu to tho Indian markets Thetjndcrley has just left with a full load for Calcutta and the following engagements have recently buen made, viz-the I evanter, 808 tons for Bombay, at £1 2 0 tho Atal nita, »00 tons, and Denla (trench), 680 tons for Calcutta, tho formor getln g £15 His per head landed alive, ship finding stalls and water, the hitter a lump sum of £750, charteret» providin0 water and stalls Tho Lsmoralda (British) has been chartered to proceed to Malden Island to load guano for the Lulled Kingdom, at 55s per ton Hie demand for tonnage to load coals at newcastle for China and India still continues, and rates have silghtlv advanced TheAdeiia Carleton and Iicllle Cliapiu have been taken up for Hong Kong at 30s , tho Law renee Brow n for Singapore at 26s , mid Frances Ilcntv for Shanghai at 42s Hie Joshua Bates Is on the bel til for Hong Kong with Chinese passengers Ihcscaicit) of tonnage and the mode- rate rates offered have prevented any engage mente being made to load at an) of the Indian porte for Lurope Our coasting trade generally is still de- pressed, and without prospect of speed) improvement I Hobsons Bay , and very little is doing with tho Now Zealand ports it being found difficult even to fill tile steamers trading regularly to theso islands As pre viously remarked the amount of tonnage in our port available for charteris very limited, the recent arrivals, w ith exception of regular traders, being under en gugement to load at the Chinchas The new tug-steamer Titan, 97 tons register, fifty-five horse power, lately arrived from Glasgow, has been sold for £7,000 ; also the wreck of the barque Seabird, for £250, and the wreck of the barque Monarch for £350. " WELBOURNE MARKE IS WEDNESDAY, JULY 24 THE MILLS The market Is uncharged since Saturday last, a good business continuing to be done at the ra'cs then given YVhcat is firm, andan advance of Od has been maintained Prices aro as follow -rino flour, £13 10s , seconds, £13, bran, Is 2d , pollard, Is Id to Is 4d , wheat, 6s Cd , meal, £23, pearl barley, £23. REfAIL MAKKFTS Prices aro about tho same as those lost given Butchers' meat is unaltered, though mutton in carcass is slightly higher than lost w eck f ho foi lowing prices may bo given -Beef, 3d to Od por lb , mutton, 2d to 6d per lb , veal, Od por lb , pork, Od per lb Poultry - FowLs, 5s per pair, geeso, 11s do , ducks, 7B do , turkeys, 18s to 20s do Cliccso, Is to Is 8d per lb , eggs, Is Od to Is 8d per dozen, butter, fresh, Is 8 Is lOd per lb , bread, (k1 per 41b loaf, milk, ed. per quart, hams, Is 3d. to Is 6d per lb , bacon, Is Tliis market has not Improved sinco Saturday Each day there is left ov er a considerable quantity of uncleared btock, and prices aro of courso not firm, though late rates aro obtained Prices aro -Hay, £210s to £4, straw, £115s to £2 2s Od LAS1L11N UARh.br Tho market was moderately supplied with vego tables to duy, onions being very scarce, and potatoes rulingslightly higher than last baturday Poultry and dairy produce wero about tho same as >ast week Hie follow ing w ero the prices ruling - Y egetiblcs -Al ti chokes, Jerusalem, Id to lid per lb , beot, Od to8d per dozen, bouquets, 4s tods per dozen, cabbages, Od. to 2s 6d per dozen, carrots, 6d to »d per dozen huiichca, cauliflowers, la to Is por dozen, celery, l8 6d to 6s 6d per dozen, watercress, bd to Is por dozen bunches , horseradish, 3s to 6s per dozen bunches, leek, Od to8d per dozen huncliea, lettuce, 3d to Od per dozen, marjoram, Gd to 8d per dozen bunches ; mint, Od to Sd per dozen bundies, onions, 10s to 12s per cwt , do , green, 4d to Od per dozen hunches , parsloy, Od to Od per dozen bunches, parsnips, Uti to Is 3d per dozen bunches, peas, 3d per lb , potatoes, 4s Od to5s per cwt , do, young 6s Od to Cs per cwt , pump kins, 3s to os per dozen, radish, 4d to Od per dozen bunches , sao0, Cd to 8d per dozen bunches, saio)s, Is to 2s per dozen, th)uio,0d to8d per dozen bunches, turnips, 3d told per dozen bunches 1-iaiit«-Apples 3d to4d per lb , melons, preserving, 2s to 3s pei dozen Dalry Pro dueo -Butter, la Cd to 1B Sd per lb , cheese, lOd to Is per lb , ducks, 5s Cd to Cs Gd por pair , eggs, Is Cd to Is Sd per dozen , geeso, 8s to 10s per pair , bens, 4s to 4s Oil por pair , bono), Od per lb , pork, 8d to lOd per lb , rabbits, 2s Gd to 5s per pair, sucking pigs, 10s to 12s each, turi e) a, 16s per pair, hams, Is to Is 4d per lb , bacon, Is to Is 2d por lb L1Y L bTOCK Messrs DALiiAiiov CASH HEIL and Co report - " Fat Cattle-llio supply this week amounted to 1,200 head, about one hall of which were second and inferiorqualitv, the remainder heilig good quillt), hut light weights Tho whole of those offered on the first do) were only second and inferior, conso quently the market opened very dull, but on the 1 ist day s salo a decided improvement took place, and prices advanced from 10s to 15s per liead on late rates Y\ e quoto primo beef at 2as per 1001b , best pens bullocks at from £1) 10s to £10 17s Od , second do , from £010s to £b, inferior, from £310s to £6 , best pens cows at from £7 10s to £8 10s (a fow odd ones up to £12), second, from £5 to£0, inferior, from £2 to £3 Our sales for tho week wore 115 head, from the run of Mr YYilllam ltob"itson, of Colac, good quality, medium w eights, tho bullocks at from £0 to £10 17« Gd, iiveni,iiy £8 10s 3d the cows at from £0 7s Od to £12, averaging £7 10s Ud 24 for Ylrs James, from Bacchus Marali, all bullocks, at from £5 to £1) 17s Od, averaging £7 lis , l8 for Mr John YI'YIillan, from Hazlewood, Gipps Land, at an average of £6 12s , and C1, Irom Gipps Lund inferior, nt from £2 2s Od to £6.1 7s Od iat Calves - The supply wies a moderate ono-vi/ 89 hoad, the whole of which add at satisfactory prices Prime brought from 40s to 65a , middling and in ferior, from 17s Cd to 30s YY o sold ono small lot at quotations lat Sheep-13,800 wero yaided, being, again considerably In excess of requirements mid a great portion of tills number was good useful muttoi) 1 his was the dullest market wa havo had for somo timo, and prices closed from Is Od to 2s per head low or for all qualities fit for tie butchor, vvhilo grazing sheep maintained about tho samo rates as last week Y\o quoto -Good to primo quality wotliors ot from 12s 6d to 14» (a fow cross breds, heavyweights, up to 18s), second quality wethers, from 10s to 11s Cd , Inforior, from 6s upwards YYo havo sold 2,070 wethers for Messrs J and J I hell s, from Albcmarlo Station, Darling Uiver , 000 lor Mr S T Staughton, from Moiton , 3J6 for tho Hen YV J T Clarke from Bolinda (theso sheop were cross breds and topped tho market), 351 for Mi t Dunn, from Tullamarine , and 312 cues fur tho lion YV J 1 Clarko, from Bald Hills YVo rogrot to report that the Albemarle wethers which have boon so long and favourably known ¡u tills market, did not arrivo in their usual condition, it being- evident that they had suffered sev erclj from the floods and wot weather aluce thoy bud left tho station Fat Lambs-I\umber in 400, principally this seasons drop, somo of which w ero vory primo, and sold from 12s to 13s Od , second, from 7s to 9i , Inferior, from 4s to Cs Our sales wero-68, for Mr S f Staughton () oung), from 0s to 9s Od , 48 last sea son's, from Us Od to 7s 44, for Mr Honrno, from 6s to Cs Cd , 15, for Mr Edols, at 11s Store Stock - This market continues about the Barns lhere 1B a vory fair demand for cattlo ovor throo yoars old, in consequenco of which holdors havo advanced thoir rates, which lu s had tho effect of limiting operations to actual requirements, and not so many salea aro taking placo as wo expected, considering the number of stores required to roplaco the fat ones taken into market YVo quoto really good lots, mlxod soxos, frohji £1 to £110s , fair do , from £2 to £2 15s , su perior bullocks would fetch from £3 10s to £4, no cording to quality and breeding Blore Sheep -In theep there is very littlo doing on either side of tho Murray, and we cannot hold out any inducement to northern breeders to Bend .their surplus stock hore ; this colony, as well as Riverina, beinj; fully stocked up since tho late favourable lambing *- and from all ap- pearances there Is no outlet except tho pots, conse- quently, the prices obtained here will not be at all satisfactory to those who havo made consignments in the hopes of getting nn advanco on northern rates. We quote good ewes from the north, from 7s. to 9s. ; do. wethers, from Os. to 7s. Old sheep unsaleable, except at the valuo of their skins. Riverina sheep may be quoted about Is. higher than the above, but quotations aro almost nominal. Wo havo no sales to report this week." ARRIVAL OF THE STEAMSHIP GREAT BRITAIN. This magnificent vessel anchored in the bay on tho afternoon of tho 17th inst., after a passago of fifty eight days from port to port. She looks not a whit the vi orso for the wear and tear of tho extensivo voyaging which she has performed, but on tho contrary appears as fresh and as stately os the steamship Great Britain of twenty years ago. Her voyage on tho present occasion lins been ono of tlio most pleasant recorded in her log ; and the prestige and popularity of her gallant commander have been w eil maintained. At tho termination of the voj'ogo a laudatorj* address was prepared, and a purso of sovereigns subscribed by the sal oon passengers, . both of which wore pre- sented to Captain Gray bj- the Hon. John O'shanassy, who made an appropriate speech on behalf of tho passengers. Tho purso was made of the Bkin öT"a, weasel, and Mr. O'shanassy took occasion to re- mark that In ono respect Captain Gray resem- bled the animal, for ho could never be caught asleep. Captain Graj*, in his usual frank and sailorliko fashion, returned thanks for the demon- stration mado in his favour. The officers of tho -ship and Dr. Alexander wcro also complimented on tho occasion, tho latter receiving an address and a purse containing twenty-six sovereigns. One familiar face, that of Mr. Peterson, her lato chief officer, ivas mh-.sed on her arrival in the bay. Mr. Peterson has been promoted to the command of a vessel, and lils placo is now Ulled by Mr. Todhunter, formerly second officer. With regard to tho passage out, Captain Gray states that the Great Britain left tho Mersey on May 19, and crossed the Equator on June 0, in long. lUdcg. 27inin. W. ; the meridian of the Capo of Good Hope was passed on June 20, in lat. 43deg. lOmln. S. ; and Port Phillip Heads woro entered at half past ten o'clock on tho morning of the 17th hist. Outside tho Heads and up the bay tho steamer had to contend against a strong north-easterly breeze. A referenco to her log will show that no un- usual Bpeed was made, the greatest dlstaneo run in twenty- four hours being 300 knots, but that a fine average was maintained. The weather generally was good throughout the voyage. As the passengers left the ship three hearty cheers wero given for Captain Gray and his officers, and tho good old ship, mid tlio display of feeling was acknowledged in a similar manner by tho captain, officers, and crew. Appended is an abstract of tho log : Date. Winds. Dist. Lat. Lon. 1807. Moy 18*i 19 July 1 2 3 S.E. S.W. W.N.W. N.W. W.S.W. S.AV. W.S.W. W. N.W. N.W. N.E. N.B. N.N.E. N. by E. Variable. Variable. S. S.S.W. S.S.E. S.E. by S. S.E. S.E. by S. S.E. S.E. hy E. S.S.E. S.S.E. N. W. S.S.W. s. Variable. W.N.W. Variable. S.E. E. N.E. N. N.W. N.N.W. N.W. N.N.W. N.N.E. W. S.W. S.S.W. W. N.N.W. N.N.W. W.N.W. W. N.W. W.N.W. N. N.N.W. Variable. . N.N.W. W.S.W. W. 167 183 101 210 189 152 101 105 211 102 207 192 201 170 201 102 180 172 171 204 214 237 250 247 103 182 104 209 203 261 228 190 218 181 173 247 274 248 200 255 277 SOO . 200 200 285 277 200 277 283 250 281 200 231 230 203 257 282 Dcg. Dcg. 52*5 40*21 47*14 44*5 41*24 38*80 30*15 33*9 29*52 20*57 23*32 20*25 17*1 14*5 10*50 7*44 4-40 1*40 South. 0-55 4-18 7*0 10*40 14*3 17*36 20*45 23*24 25-59 23*34 31*24 32*9 32*3 35*1 3S-45 40*10 40*18 41*17 42*57 43*5 43*10 43*10 42*40 43*31 42*54 42*54 42*15 41*57 42*0 , 42*3 42*10 42*4 42*2 42*8 42*15 43*7 42*53 42*44 41*40 40*31 39*25 5*53 7*57 10*20 ' 12*38. 14*54 15*37 15*27 10*38 18*8 19*52 20*21 , 21*1 20*54 20*41 19*34 , 19*40 19*7 18*50 19*27 20-4 22*10 24*5 20*35 28*45 23*2 2S-23 24*17 21*38 17*47 12*50 8*27 7*4 4*53 1*27 East. 3*33 7*8 12*13 18*28 24*8 30*12 30*0 42*10 49*1 63*34 69*35 05*57 72*10 78*0 84*12 90*34 90*10 102*29 103*19 113*23 118*50 123*27 120*1 135*5 130*57 On the 17th, at ten a.m., passed through Port Phillip Heads, and came to an anchor at four p.m. * Pilot and all strangers left tho ship. | PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE TILE DE- PARTURE OF TUE JUNE MAIL. JUNE 28. Geelong, R.M.S.S., for Point de Galle.-Saloon : Mr. Power, Mr. It. Bright, Mr. J. L. Phelps, Mr. It. Romo, Mr. F. Druce, Mr. Thomas Clarke, Mr. A. Shaw, and Mr. F. II. Dutton, for Marseilles ; Mr. and Mrs. Warren and two children, for Madras ; Mr. K. Cuuingham, for Suez ; Mr. Wood, Mr. and Mrs. C. Von Bibra, and Mr. Tully (second class), for King George's Sound ; Mr. Hogg, for Southampton. JUNE 29. Suffolk, for London.-Cabin : Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Caldwell, family (five), governess, and servant ; Mr. and Mrs. George Ellis and child; Master Charles Close and governess, Doctor William Hemp hill and servant, Mr. T. W. Scott, Mr. James Green, Dr. Newman ; and 147 in the second and third cabins. JULY 0. Moravian, for London.-Cabin : Mr. Geo. Dougharty, Mr. John Thompson, Mrs. O'Shanncssy and Misses O'Shanncssv* (two). JULY 13. Gala, for London.-Saloon ; Mr. and Mrs. Pclascini and two children, Mrs. Segler and four children, Miss Kettle, Dr. Cane; and twenty In tho second cabin. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Cb., Chilian; P., Portuguese; II., Hamburg; Hu., Hanovorlan ; I., Italian; N., Norwegian ; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian; Bolg., Belgian; Br., Bremen ; l'r., Prussian ; It, Russian ; s,, ship; b., barque ; br., brig; se., schooner; s.S., steamer.] June. ARRIVED. 28\. Sussox, B. s, 1,100, G. M. Miller, Loudon. W. P. White and Co. 28\. Levanter, A. s., 808, G. A. Lane, Boston, U.S. Osborn, Cushing, and Co. 28\. Adolia Carleton, A. b., 693, Henry Talpey, Now York.-Lord and Co. 20\. Joshua Bates, B. s., 601, J. B. Sydsorff, Hong Kong.-L. Kong Meng and Co. 20\. White Rose, B. s., 1,103, Jas. Shaw, London. Holmes, Whlto, and Co. July. 2, Kosciusko, B. s., 1,190, J. Lawson, Gravesend. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 2\. Nellie Chapín, A. b., 507, W. Wass, Boston. Newell and Co. 4\. Jules Bordo, F. b., 300, C. Caspar, RGunlon. Lauratet, Lo Roj-, and Co. 4\. Caledonia, A. s., 1,000, E. L. Cartor, London. W. Crosby and Co. 4\. Atalanta, B. s., 030, J. G. Ballingall, London. Captain Ballingall. 6\. Jeanie Oswald, B. b., 212, T. Devine, Batavia. — Captain Devine. 0\. Albert Edward, B. s., 872, C. Lj-ons, the Downs. Jas. Scrvico and Co. 0\. Ben Nevis, B. b., 2S8, J. Moodie, Mauritius.-Dal g< ty, Blackwood, and Co. 10\. Bombay, R. M. S. S., Captain Burno Gallo.-F. R. Kendall. 11\. Western Empiro. B. s., 1,246, O. Nelson, Liver- pool.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 13\. Lawrcnco Brown, A. s., 016, acorgo Piorco, Now York_Lord anil Co. 13\. Denis, F. b.,680, P. DeCourt, Mauritius.-M'Cul loch.Sollar, and Co. 16\. Elizabeth Nicholson, B. s., 005, T. Crosblo, tho Downs.-W. Crosby and Co. 10\. Fred. Warren, B. s., 1.109, J. B. Homowood, Liverpool.-Bright Brothors and Co. lr» Great Britain, s.S., 3,444, Lieut. Graj-, R.N.B., Liverpool.-Bright Brothors and Co. 20\. Tamby Candussamy, F. b., 510, II. L. Dorrien, Calcutta.-Janies Honty and Co. 20\. Deux Freres, F. b.,370, Jean Qillard, Charente. Bligh and Harbottlo. 21\. Gcorgo Thompson, B. s., 1,127, Win. Shopherd, London.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 21\. Trinco Tatrlck, B. s.. 1,050, D. Cochrane, tho Downs.-Dickson, Williams, and Co. 22\. Essex-, B. s" 1,000, R. Ridgers, London.-W. P. Whito and Co. Juno. ' CLEARED OUT. 27\. Ulcoats, B. s.. 071, llobort Potto, Guam.-Lori- mer, Marwood, and Homo. 27\. Fiances Henty, B. s., 460, J. Torrance, Shanghai, viu Newcastle.-Jos. Henty and Co. 27\. David and Jcsslo, B. so., 141, R, M'MIcken, Colombo.-Pigott UroUiers and Co. 28\. Geelong, R.M. s.s., 1,217, N. J. Skottowe, Point de Galle. - F. R. Kendall. July. 0\. Moravian, B. s., 908, T. B. Ayllnc, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 13\. Ilahncinann, B. s., 1,328, J, Deal, Bombay, via Nowcastlo.-Dickson, williams, and Co. l8. Gala, B. B., 815, L. Shaw, London.-J. H. Whlto and Co. 17\. Underloy, B. B" 1,202, O. Browno, Calcutta, Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 17\. Esmeralda, B. «., 1,188, J. Kerr, Malden Island, via Taliitl.-Holmes,-Whlte, nod C«. 17\. Cuttle Sark, B. b., 475, P. Orr, Guam.-Louratet Lo Roy, and Co. '' 18\. Merrie Monarch, B. »., 1,307, R. C. Uren, Callao -Dickson, Williams," an-Co. l8. Nellie Chapín, A. b., 507, Warron Wass, Hone Kong, via Newcastle.-Newell and Co. 22\. Blackwall, B. s., 703, H. P. Hancock, London - W. P. White and Co. 24 Ben Nevis, I), b., 288, J. Moodio, Liverpool - Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. FRIDAY, JULY 20. £ 940000 100000 10000 16000 200000 50000 30300 136400 163300 100000 20000 60000 Viet. Gov. Rlwj'. (local), 0 per cent. Aust. Post. Investment, 10 per ct, Ballarat Water, 8 per cent. Collingwood Gas, 7 per cent. General Gov., N.Z., 8 per cent. .. Melbourne Gas, 7 per cent. Mclb. & II. B. United, 8pcrcont, Do., 7 per cent. Do., 0 per cent. .; Do., 6 per cent. . Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cent. .. Otago Provincial Gov., 8 per cent, Closiag I'rlces. 100-101 100-101 100-102 071-98} 80-83 40000 437500 110000 540000 1000000 500000 20000 30000 24008 14000 CG000 2980 21130 200000 100000 25000 20000 00000 40000 100000 190000 3000 . 68370 17876 8000 12333 50000 477 53470C| PUBLIC COMPANIES. BANKS. Bal. Bankg. (limit) Colonial of Austral. Commorcial of Aus- tralia (limited) .. National of Austral. New South Wales.. j Vlctoria(Mcl.rcg.) {Do. (London reg.) Land Mortgago .. OA8 COJIl'ANIES. Ballarat Mendigo Castlemaine Colllnt'w'd&Fitzroy; Daylesford (limited) Geelong \ Melbourne 4 1N8LIIANCE. t. Austral. Fire ck Mar. 6 Australasian Lifo .. J Australian Alliance. 1 Southern Insurance l|Victoria Life ¿sGcn. 25,Victoria Fire ii Mar. MISCELLANEOUS. -I Aust. Past. Invest. | Britannia Pat. Fuze 5 Bendigo Watorwork 5 Gipps Lnd. SteamN. 6 Hob BayR. Sea Bath 50 MelbouriioExcli'nge 60VCI1S Waterworks. J Quedong Copper .. 1 Studley Park Bridge 20, Victorian leo \- Warrenheip DIstily | RAILWAYS. 50 Mclb.&Hob.Bay; Ud, Last div. percent, per annum. 12. Closing Prices. £ 4-4J H-7á 43-41 6J-i| .15-401 85-81 2H1 01-01 8-81 ?¡HI 8J-9 20s.-£2Js. 12s -13's. 10i.-lls. 28JS-29K 25S.-27ÍS. 23-25 20s.-25s. Us.-lOs. H 7js. 15-20 WINES. S-3 a s DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. Closing Prices. 0447 3108 2000 1000 3300 3000 4000 2000 3200 400 100 2632 4240 240 0344 1000 090 4800 8000 3200 2500 2500 3200 6670 2000 500 8343 3000 147: 3000 720 12800 25 Albion, Ballarat l8 Alston and Weardale, Ballarat 4 Avonclift 10 Ballarat Extension, Bt. (Now) 25 Bonshaw, Ballarat .. 10 Break-o'-Day, Rokewood 20 Buninyong, Buninjong 4 Bute, Scarsdale 6 Buninjong New, Buninj'ong 10 Clunes Alluvial 60 Concordia, Daj-lcsford 20 Cosmopolitan; Ballarat 15 Defiance, Ballarat .. \- Exchequer, Daylesford 5 Extended Sons of Freedom, Chiltern . 20 Grand Trunk, Happy Valley 10 Grand Junction, Happy Val. SO Great Extended Ballarat 5 Great Gulf, Ballarat.. 35 Koh-i-noor, Ballarat.. 2° I Leviathan, Ballarat 4fj National, Buninj-ong.. 25 Nelson, Ballarat 5 Now ington, Ballarat.. 10 Nrtli. Grenville, Smythesdale 25 Prince of Wales, Ballarat .. 10 St. George United .. 20 Sons of Freedom, Ballarat .. 5 Southern Freehold, Ballarat. 46 Try Again, Springdallah .. 20 United Extended Band of Hope, Ballarat 25 UnitcdltcdJackct.Ballarat.. 6 United Sir William Don, Bal. l8? United Working-Miners', Bal. 6 iWestcrn Freehold, Ballarat. £ 10-10} 7Í-81 1Ï-2.. ' *..]. 3-31 15-16} 01-71 10S.-16S. 23J-25 Ojl} 5-5} 3J-4 7S-0 21-21} lOs.-lSs. 50-52 14J-15} NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 2000 3224 3000 4800 2500 3000 2500 2500 1000 3000 2000 2000 5000 7000 3000 600 3000 0000 3000 6000 4000 1000 2000 1600 3200 3200 3000 4032 3000 0448 0100 0100 4000 3000 Argus, Cuildford Australasia, Ballarat.. Ballarat Freehold, Ballarat.. Ballarat Tunnel, Deep Creek Ballarat and Clunes .. Central Freehold, Ballarat Charlton, Beaufort .. Crescent, Ballarat .. Durham, Ballarat .. Do., profèrent Edinburgh, Ballarat.. Enfield, Durham Golden Fleece, United, Bal. Great North-west, Ballarat Inkermann and Durham, Bal Lady Don, Ballarat .. Magnum Bonum, Marjboro'. Kew Ballarat Frce'd, Bal. .. New Cosmopolitan, Ballarat. Ne« market Frce'd, Ballarat New Holland, Avoca.. New Don, Ballarat .. Newton, Daj-lcsford .. Newington litato .. Privateer, Ballarat .. Roseneath, Ballarat .. Royal Saxon, Ballarat "| Do., new . .. j Scarsdale Extend., Scarsdale. Scottish & Cornish, Ballarat. St. Andrew, Ballarat.. United Albion and Prince of Wales, Ballarat United Hand-in-Hand and) . Band of Hope, Ballarat J West Don West Newington, Ballarat 2-3 15-18 34 3-4 51-0 lHi 1-1Ï 1SS.-14JS. 15s.-20s. 20S.-22ÍS.. 3-31 0}-7 2J-3 15J-10} 3-1 11-16 DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 2500OI 80 10000 480 10000 2000 30000 1000 20000 1500 2040 10200 7£00 7500 06C00 14780 1080 1200 82000 2000 1301 12ÛÛ0 10051 1710 15044 3200 24000 12095 0940 28000 800 28000 20870 10573 10000 10000 2000 6000 2400 23876 22000 20000 1000 2400 7000 840 300 22500 1088 900 1000 G00 180 Achilles Extended, Taradale. Adi ance Bendigo Agamemnon, Bendigo Age of Progress, Wood's Pt.. Ajax, Castlcmaino .. Albion, Steiglitz Alabama, M'lvor All Nations, Matlock.. Argus, Bendigo Al Castle Reef, Wood's Pt... Bcchivo, Maldon Bird's Reef, Bendigo Brcak-o'-Day, Bendigo Bet Bet, Dunolly Catherine Reef United Claim holders, Bendigo Do. (Mining, Crushing, Drain- ing), Bendigo Clunes, Clunes Clunes United, Clunes Comet, Bondlgo Costerfield, Hcatlicoto 20 Crinolino Pros., Don'ly'B Ck, 1J Derbj-, Maldon " Eaglehawk Asso., Maldon .. Do. Preference, Maldon Do. Union, Maldon .. Eldorado, Lyro Bird Reef .. Energetic, Iiendigo .. Grand Junction, Maldon ?! Î Gt. Extended Hustler's, Ben 20s, Happy-go-Luckj*, Stringer's Creek. Hercules, Bendigo .. Hustler's Reef, Bendigo 2J Johnson's It« of, Bendigo 1 lLady Barkly, Bendigo 1 Linscott's Reef, Maldon 12,lL!auberris, Ballarat .. 10 iMonilng Star (Prospecting), Wood's Point lJiNclson Reef, Bendigo 7JNevor-mind (Prospecting), Wood's Point Nil Desperandum, Raj-wood.. North Qlpjw Land, Stringer's North Hustlor's Reef, Bendigo North Johnson's, Bendigo .. Ophir, Inglewood Royal Staudard, Black River. Speculation, Maldon South Ajax, Castlemaine .. Sth. Crinoline Amalgamated, Donnelly's Creek South Crliiollnot'iiow lssue)do St. Mungo, Bendigo .. Specimen-hill. Daylesford Steiglitz Victoria, Clunes Walhalla, Stringer's Creek Wellesley, Stringer's Creek 10 Wonderful, Daylesford 10-vl2t 10-18 1S.-51*). l}s.-21s_ 10J-17} 10S.-12S. 4Js.-0s. 15S.-17S. 11S.-1SS. 5S.-7JS. 10}s.-12s_ 1CS..20S. 131S.-H13. 1S.-1J«. 23.-2JS. 5s.-09. 103.-15S. 2-3 3H1 22-25' 4345 21-24 NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 22500 12000 2480 10C00 24000 14000 40056 28100 82000 2000 20000 2500 20000 11000 1000 16000 18200 14507 720 4000 202741 Alliance, Bendigo Alpha, Taradale Black-hill, Ballarat .. Durham, Maldon Eagle, Bendigo Ellesmere, Bendigo .. Golconda, Bendigo .. Great Britain, Bendigo Koh-i-noor, Bendigo. . Leviathan, Black River Mariner's Rcof, Maryborough Now North Clunes, Chinos .. North Devonshire, Bendigo.. Pogicg, Bendigo .. , . ? Smllo of Fortuno, Wood's Pt, Sarnia, Bendigo St. Arnaud Silvor, St, Arnaud Sandy Crook, Poverty Roof, Tarnagulla .. .. .. Tarrengower Nuggetty Alli- ance, Maldon Tubal Cain, Strlngor's Victoria Reef, Bendigo ._ls.-3}8. 7J9.-15S. 2s.-2Js. 19.-26. 3-4 10S.-12* 1JS.-2JI. CsT-79. Printed and pnbllshcd by Huon O-Bona«, wjwSa AROUH Office, Collins-street, Melbourne, for rriwn and MACKINNON, proprietors. 