GENERAL NEWS. On Sunday afternoon, a drunken sailor belonging to the Meander, now lying in harbor,. had a narrow escape of being killed by falling into the river between the wharf , and steamer Lubra. Fortunately the man was seen to fall by some sailors on board the Lubra, and recovered without his having received any mate lial injury. Early on Monday morning, at Port Adelaide, an infant, son of John Hanley, was found drowned in a bucket of water standing in, a yard in Nile-street. An inquest will be held. There was a large muster of working men outside of the Central Koad Board Offices on Monday morning, it having been announced by advertisment that Mr. "Walker, contractor for the formation of a road in the Mount Barker District, required 150 hands, and that vans would be in waiting to convey them to the. work. Fifty-one -men only availed themselves of the offer, and were taken off in in three of Bounsevoll's large vans. Of. those who remained behind some excused: themselves on the ground that no means of shelter , was ■ provided, and others that they would not be able to make sufficient, wages. As to the first point, if ■ the men were once on the ground we have no doubt shelter would soon be found them ; but even if not, camping outsat this mild season1 of the year would be but a . .trivial hardship to those really willing to work.. With respect to the wages to be made, we are informed that the men at present in Mr. Walker's employ are making between 6s. and 7s. per day. We hear that a number of menleft town on Mon day mornng, in the expectation of getting employment on the Greenhill-road. They are not likely, "however, to be successful, as the. Government have decided not to take on any more men until Mr. Walker has the full number._ he requires.' We understand that if Mr. A. J. Solo mon succeeds in obtaining a sufficient number of "subscribers for an "opera "season, "Lyster's Troupe may be. expected to open here about, the'middle pf next imonfh. All depends, how-! ever, on the nuber of subscribers, and as Mr. Solomon will have to close his _ list by. the departure of the next steamer, it is to: be hoped those gentlemen who intend to sub scribe will at once send in their names to him. In addition, to the Opera troupe which con-; sists of the same performers as. were here last year. | Mr. Lyster will bring over a French ballet troupe, so that opera and ballet will be provided each evening. ' . By. the Penola we have Melbourne papers to the 21st instant, Sydney 17th, Lauh ceston 15th, Hobart Town 14th. . A Wanganui journal says that. Sir George Grey is shortly to be removed from the Governorship of New Zealand. , . The ■ Launceston Examiner says Tas manian debentures; have been sold in London at a loss of £12 on each debenture of £100. The new Commodore of the Australian station, Rowley Lambert, C.B., hoisted his flag on board'.of the Challenger at Sydney, on the 13th instant. | On: Friday the Olympian Association held a meeting at Mr. Mitton's schoolroom, Mr. Hughes in the chair. A gift of £6 was received from Dr. Carr, and a promise of dresses from Mr. Solomon. Various tableaux: and exercises were performed. To-morrow . evening there will be. an entertainment at the Town Hall entirely novel to young Australia. . The Glass-blowers will display their wonderful art of glass-spinning and forming out of glass all manner of beauti ful objects with the greatest rapidity, showing the marvellous ductility under proper treat ment of a substance naturally so brittle. The National Gold Mining Company have made the second trial of 10 tons of their washing stuff, as arranged at the last meeting of Directors, and we have seen the result in the shape of an ingot of gbldweighingaboutthree and a quarter ounces, giving an average of upwards of six dwts. to the ton. We understand theDirectors consider this so satisfactory that they intend immediately to recommend the shareholders to carry out the works on an extended scale. An accident of a serious'nature occurred on Sunday "evening to Mr. Thos. Jordan, Mr. W. Gerard's trainer. He was in the stable at the Britannia Hotel, Norwood, feeding a horse he had just riden out from town, when the brute turned round and kicked him in the leg, breaking the shin-bone in such a manner as to cause it to protrude through the flesh. Dr. Gosse was sent for, and we understand that under his attendance the sufferer is progressing favorably. On. Saturday!, the 24th instant,. Mr. Andrew Harriot died at the Edinburgh Castle Hotel, in his 64th year. Mr. Harriot was a colonist of about 30 years' standing, having in the early days of the colony established himself as a'farmer. By diDt of perseverance and energy ihe succeeded in pushing his way, and became, a successful squatter. He has been long known 'and universally respected in the Noar lunga District, where he has been a resident during the greater part of his career in South Australia. He leaves, to mourn their loss, a widow, a son, and six daughters, all amply pro vided for-. Dr. Carr gave his farewell mesmeric seance at the Town Hall on Saturday evening, the proceeds of which it is intended to hand over to the Town Hall Organ Fund Committee. The attendance was somewhat limited—afactto be attributed, no doubt, to the short notice of the entertainment. The chair was occupied by Mr. S. Beddome, P.M. Several subjects were j brought under the mesmeric influence by Dr. Carr, and by their strange performances when in that state excited hot only the laughter but wonder of the audience. ' At the close of the entertainment votes of thanks were passed to Mr. Beddome, Dr. Carr, and the subjects. We understand that the amount realised for the fund is about £20. Several Prussian journals protest very loudly against the cruel and arbitrary measures adopted by Baron de Zealitz, Governorof Schles wig (East). This functionary has ordered the expulsion of the families of all the citizons who have left that province to avoid being compelled to join the Landwehr. The Gazette of Eberfeld estimates the number of these unfortunate refugees and exiles at 8,000, one-fourth of whom are fathers of families. In consequence of this act several thousands of women and children are condemned to exile and misery. The Gazette de Cologne denounces these rigorous proceedings as a flagrant violation of the treaty of peace of Vienna in 1864, according to which the inhabi tants of Schleswig were to have remained free, during the terms of 5, years, to choose between the two nationalities—Denmark and Prussia— and moreover that if they elected the Danish service, the Schleswigers were not to be molested either in their persons or properties. A public meeting of persons interested in the temperance cause was held in the Dis trict Schoolroom, Langhorne's Bridge, on Tues day, August 20. The attendance wa3 large, and Mr. Eobt. Marsh was called upon to preside. The. Chairman having responded to the call, and expressed his willingness to assist, introduced to the meeting Mr. Wm. Maley, D.C.R., I.O.R., whose address, which occupied over, one hour and a half, was listened to with marked at tention. The Eev. Mr. McNeil, Messrs. Lewis, D.D.E., and Samuel Stanton also addressed the meeting. On Thursday, August 22, theyoungmen in the neighborhood mustered in sufficient num bers to form a Tent. When the District Officers D.C.E., D.D.E., the Eev. Mr. McNeil, P.C.E., and Mr. W. Hill, P.C.R., opened a Tent, to be called the Onaunga Tent, in Connection with the South Australian Order of Reehabites. This Tent bids fair to become pke of the best provi dent societies in the district. j A correspondent sends the following : —"The usual soiree in connection : with the Brompton Young Men's Christian Association took place in the District Hall, on Friday even ing last.' The attendance was not large. C. H. Goode, Esq., occupied the chair, and after a few introductory remarks, called upon the choir for a piece of.music. A suitable apology was given for the absence of the lecturer (Eev.. A. Reid). and in his stead Mr. J. T. Hartshorne' delivered . an essay on the Zulu country in Southern Africa, which frequently provoked the laughter of the audience. Mr. Pearce's recitation almost con vulsed the audience, and received well-merited applause. . Messrs. Martin and Hocking recited in their usual pleasing manner,- while Messrs. Mills, A Langman, and J. Lawrence, recited creditably! Two juveniles, Masters Stearne and Parfitt, received applause.^ Mr. R._Langman's piece, which was serio-comic, was entirely devoid of action, though otherwise distinctly rendered. Votes of thanks to the Chairman, lecturer, and the choir, having been accorded, the entertain ment closed with the doxology and benedic tion." The cricket time is. drawing round .again, and the various clubs are beginning. ,to bestir themselves with the preliminaries of the ensuing season. On Saturday evening, pur suant to advertisement, a general meeting, of the Norwood Club was held at the Commercial Inn.- -Mr. C. C. Gooden was voted to the chair, and after a little routine business the election of officers for the coming season took place. It was resolved that Mr. Neville Blyth, who was President during .the last peason, be again • re-; quested to: fill that office, and_ that, Mr. C. H. Goode be invited to become Vice-President. It was resolved to separate the offices of Treasuier and Secretary, and Mr. James /Gooden was chosen Treasurer. The' Secretary was elected by ballot, S. E. Ironside and' F. J. Townsend competing for the honor, the latter being I ■ chosen. ' Messrs. C. C. Gooden, Ironside, Denby, and Morcom were appointed a Com mittee ; after which a discussion followed as to, finance matters. It appears that the Club during the past season only just managed. |to keep themselves above water. It was com plained that, unlike the people of Melbourne and Sydney, the Adelaide public, with very few exceptions, gave no encouragement to the game m the sh'apeof; bon'orarymeinberahip. A vote of thanks was cordially passed to Sir. N. Blyth for his "substantial" services, and to Mr. S.'E. Ironside, Secretary for the past year. It was agreed that : ihe season should open on Saturday next; and!'after a little more discus sion in reference to revision of the rules, it was settled to postpone that business till next meeting. , . . . . - • We (Melb ourne; J. rgus) understand that as early, as possible after the conclusion of the present session of Parliament the Hon. G-. F, Verdon will proceed to London, where he will permanently reside as Agent-General for the colony of Victoria- It is. probable that in con nection with • Mr.-Verdon's visit' to England steps will be taken to secure a. continuous and well- selected stream .of immigration to the colony. . The other morning, , a little boy nanied Hargreaves, eleven years of age, was playing alone I on the bank of the Cauldon canal, near Hanley, when he accidently fell into the water. According to his own intelligent account of what ; happened, he was sinking the second time, when a retriever dog, seeipg him in the water, sprang in to the rescue, seized the back of his waistcoat, and dragged him to land. The poor little fellow soon recovered himself and walked home. The dog Walked by his side until he had reached his father's door, and he then, with a self-congratulatory wag of his tail, trotted off to his owner's house. —Launcesion Times. The Wallaroo Times of the 24th inst., says—'' The township was all alive yesterday with miners and their families from Moonta, who had come to take their passage by the Kangaroo to Adelaide. An hour or two prior to the sailing of the steamer the end of the jetty. was thronged with people. The number of pas sengers who left was 70. The departure of so many will be a great loss to the district, and not only to the district but to the colony too, for tbe men, or most of them, intend proceeding to Victoria, where their labor will be remunerated, which it has'not been here for a long time past. Numbers more intend leaving, and it is highly probable that if all the miners at Moonta had the means of taking them away there would scarcely be 100 left there at the end of another month." The Launceston Examiner gives the fol lowing letter from Mr. Pestall, of Fingal, Tas mania -"Mr. Stephens struck another vein of gold. Some of the. quartz is completely studded with coarse gold; it would do your eyes good to look at it. It is ahout 60 feet from the last rich. vein he discovered; that makes four first-rate leads which he has now found, and the Directors will not let him crush. It is a pity such stone should lie and not be touched; it requires no money, because if Stephens could only be allowed to. start the stampers he can get plenty of gold to pay expenses and some to spare. They have put up doors to protect it when the men leave work; there is plenty of good quartz out ready; sufficient to keep the mill going. The alluvial diggings are looking up. The diggers are just getting into the run of the gold. When the new company is formed, and they get an engine to drain the flats, there will be good diggings. The gold is very large and shotty." A most determined attempt to commit suicide was made on Thursday afternoon in this township by a married woman named: Coates. She took no less than three ounces of laudanum,' but the suicidal act becoming known a short time afterwards, prompt. .remedial measures were adopted, and the unfortunate woman by the following morning was . fully recovered. She was brought before the Special Magistrate and Mr. Harvey yesterday morning, and was committed for trial at the next Court of Full Jurisdiction. The reason she gave for taking poison was that she had had some disagreement with her husband, and was afraid he was going to take her two children from her. It appeare that her husband left her about a week ago, and seemed to have good grounds for doiDg so.—: Wallaroo Times, August 24. The Sydney Empire, after commenting upon the extraordinary rise and progress of the Moonta Mine, and the fact of a dividend of £10 per share having just been declared by the Directors, proceeds as follows :—We congratu late South Australia on thi turn of fortune, and we can well afford to do so, as if they have got their Moonta we have our Currawang. From the report of the mining manager, Mr. Richards, which we published on the 1st inst., we learn that the Currawang Copper Mine will, exceed every other in this hemisphere. Capt; Richards's report to the Directors, as read at their half- yearly meeting, warrants the expecta tion of great results. He raises 500 tons of ore per month; but in six months he expects to raise from 1,000 to 1,500 tons per month. This is enormous, and if such information had not been from so experienced a miner as Captain Richards, we should have had our doubts. The lode in Mitchell shaft is 15 feet wide without reaching its end. This has never been reached by the great Moonta, and the richness on the average exceeds 12 per cent; "From information received by the mail," says the Sydney Morning Herald, of the 15th instant, " we understand that domestic reasons will not allow Lord Belmore to leave England before the middle of September. • He will not,? therfore, arrive in the colony till November. As it will be necessary that the Governor of the colony should be ready to re ceive the Duke of Edinburgh on his arrival, Sir John Young will not be; at liberty to take his departure "till after that event. The appointment of Lord Belmore is a departure from the ordinary though by no means constant custom of promoting: the Governors of the smaller colonies to the higher' posts as they become vacant. But if he has absolutely no. colonial experience he has had a fair share both of Parliamentary and Executive training. He has been a mem ber of the House of Lords for eleven years, almost from the date of his coming or age, and is reported to have been very regular in his attendance, and very attentive to business. His position as Under-Secretary of the Home Department will also have given him insight into official routine. His whole adult life, therefore, may be said to have been passed within legislative and official ciroles, and to have been so far well adapted to fit him to administer with skill the duties of the Royal representative in a colony possessing the institu tion of responsible government." A Scotchman's View of Adam.—There must have been some curious specimens of Scot tish humor brought out at the examinations or catechisings by ministers of the flock before the administrationtof the communion, Thus, with reference to human nature before the fall, a man" was asked, '' What kind of man was Adam?" " Ou, just like ither folk." The minister in sisted on having a more special description of the first man, and pressed for more explanation. " Weel," said the catechumen, "he was just like Joe Simson, the horse-cOtiper." "How so ?" asked the minister. "Weel, naebody got onything by him, and mony lost." . ! " Exchange no Robbery.—A New York paper I says that an Irishman went into the grocery i store of Mr. Driggs, and, after looking round, remarked that he wanted something he hardly knew what, but believed he would take some biscuits.' The biscuits were done up ; he took them, held them a minute, and then said, " Come to think, I believe I am more dry than hungry, and would like it if you would take : the bisciiits back, and let me have a bottle of beer-instead." This exchange was made, and Paddy started, when Mr. Driggs called him back, telling mm he had not paid for the beer. ".Why, yes," says Paddy, " I gave you the bis cuits for the beer."' ''But you have not paid for the biscuits."- "Well," said he, "and haven't you got the biscuits ?" He • left Mr. . Driggs to work out the problem at his leisure. \- Rhyming under Difficulty.—A story is told of; Coleridge that, being asked to furnish a rhyme'for the name Juliana, he.replied ... Coughing in a shady grove, ' Sat my Juliana; . ; . : ; j • Lozenges I gave my love, Ipecacuanha. "All He was Worth.—" Do you know, sir, that I am worth. £100,000 ?i'r—" Yes," said the irritated, but not broken-spirited respondent,; "I do; and I know it is all you are worth!" 