THE DYING KICK OF THE ROTIRRONS. By the Panama mail we learn that John Bull is in a bad humour at having to transgress his pet doctrine of nonintervention for the sake of a lubberlv insolent set of Spaniards. The Anglo-Spanish war— if it Bhould rise to bhe dignity of a war, for that is still doubtful — will no doubt be short and Bweet, but it may entail serious consequences after it. Queen Isabella will have other foes to face than the British fleet off Cadiz. Her own subjects have a heavy reck oning to bring against her; and the con fusion of a bombardment at home, with a probable war in almost, every other corner of the Continent, ought to afford, them a good opportunity to speak their minds to Marshal Narvaez and Father Diaz. These worthies took advantage of the Bohemian campaign last year (which they were sure must, by the grace of God, end in favour of Austria) to suspend the Constitution, and this year the people might Very reasonably avail themselves of any fresh disturbance that may be abroad to upset the Constitu tion altogether. It would be only a Roland for the Bourbon Oliver, and the bat Roland which that venerable dynasty is likely to require. Any war whatever that may be made on Spain will be rather an advantage than other wise to the Spaniards. Their situation could not possibly be made worse than it is — with the Constitution suspended, the greater part of the Deputies in prison or under transporta tion, and every respectable citizen kept in constant dread of a similar fate. Their cup of iniquity is clearly full, and the only practical question is who will kick it over. Bullying Governments are invariably quarrel some, and sooner or later have to take back with interest from the . foreigner the blows they so freely distribute at home. Such is their principle of natural selection that restrains the family growth. It being evident in the nature of things that Spain was waiting a coup de grace from abroad, the neighbouring powers might as well have drawn lots at once who should administer the blow. The lot was bound to fall on some of them, and fallen it has on a Tory Government of England— the ancient mainstay of the Bourbons ! If France had been less occupied on her eastern frontier, she would doubtless have had a 'misunder- standing' with the Court of Madrid long ere this. Or had the Italian monarchy been a little older, the Dons, taking it for the latest and most obnoxious representative of heresy, might have made a Tornado of some of its South American immi grant ships. ? Either of these contingencies would have saved a world' of trouble to England and a good round loss to the re* spectable firm of Messrs. Isaac Campl e'l and Co., shippers of 'contraband' from Glasgow via Hamburgh and the Faroe Islands to ports .unknown. But it was not destine I to occur; on' the contrary, J-hn Bull and no other was doomed to bell the cat for the descendants of Don Quixote. To do justice to John's non- intervention principle he has done his best to give the pugnacious Dons a wide berth. In the affair of the Chincha Islands eighteen months ago he tempered justice with mercy to an extent which astonished his most intimate friends. All through the Chilian war he scrupulously enforced the principles of Grotius and Vattel towards both belligerents. So ex tremely careful was he to avoid supplying either of them with 'contraband,' that last autumn, when the Spanish Government endeavoured to place a loan in London on the most favourable terms, not a shilling would he subscribe to it. These proofs of impartiality ought to have convinced even the suspicious Spaniards ; but as in the days of Tom Cringle so are they now— their heads us impervious to reason as Scotchmen's are bo a joke. While the unsuccessful loan was trying to ;et 'floated' in London, a Chilian agent was busy floating something eke in the Clyde : x low-set rakish-looking steamer, built to jarry guns on occasion, and with sus picious capabilities about her for blockade running, privateering, or other illegal varieties of navigation. The launch of the new steamer was not panegyrised and befuddled according to the usual custom of St. Mungo shipbuilders. There wa8 no time lost in waiting for cargo, and while Don Fernando Soldagainez had per liaps been on a short tour in the Trossachs the Tornado quietly steamed down the river. Having reached the Channel she again showed her erratic disposition. Instead of heading for the Atlantic she took [a. north easterly course, rounded the north of Scot land, and paid a flying visit to Hamburg. Information picked up there induced the captain to undertake a short cruise among the Faroe Islands. By-and-by the Tor nado overhauled a friend— a small inno. cent - looking craft, carrying a few promiscuous articles of cargo that the Tornado had forgotten or been too modest to take on board in the Clyde. A transfer wai being made in a very friendly way, when the Danish authorities, muttering something about 'contraband,' 'Alabamas,' and so on, interfered and stopped it. The Tornado then bore up for the nearest British port, ?which was Leith. Hither her reputation had preceded her, and the Spanish Legation de manded that she should be searched before proceeding to sea. Searched she was, but nothing was found on board, either in the shape of personnel or materiel to warrant her detention. About the middle of August she made her second and final start, and was no more heard of until she reached Madeira, where a Spanish frigate that had been lying in wait captured her, and carried her back, crew and all, to Cadiz. The notification of the capture created very little excitement in England, it being assumed that the vessel would be tried before a Prize Court, and her fate determined by the evidence as to her character which should be offered by the captors on the one hand and the owners on the other. It is true some kind of trial was gone through within two months of the vessel's arrival at Cadiz; but the evidence was all for the prosecution— none was admitted for the de fence. The Dons, in short, constituted themselves Judge, advocate, and witness in their own cause. Whatever may have been their decision, or the grounds on which it was made, the execution of it was exceed ingly irregular, even for a country enjoying the blessings of a suspended Constitution. The crew were treated rather worse than if they had been Liberal Deputies— the greatest criminals, be it remembered, in the Newgate Calendar of Spain. Of the fifty three which constituted their entire number, twenty-nine were sent to a dilapidate- ricketty building, called 'The Arsenal,' where the British Consul was refused admis sion to them. The remainder were put on board an old rotten hulk lying in the bay, and a guard of soldiers placed over them, whose behaviour was suggestive of the idea that they had been instructed to annoy and humiliate their prisoners as much as pos sible. This continued for three months, until the memorials of Captain Collier and his comrades to tho Foreign Office drew own upon the Spaniards the heavy artillery of Lord Stanley. The first plea for the detention was that no regular trial had as yet taken place, the affair in October having been only a preliminary investigation. The reply of Lord Stanley seems to have been to the effect that the Cadiz functionaries had had time enough to try the men, and if there had beeu nothing positive discovered against them they must be immediately released. This ultimatun was presented at . Madrid on the 11th February, and General t Calonge, the Spanish Foreign Minister, met it with a flat refusal. The same night an incident happened which at once i illustrates the eoda-w.ateri8h complexion ! of Spanish courage, and the regularity of | Marshal Narvaez' administration. Admiral Quesada sent a note to the British Consul at Cadiz, offering to place at his disposal 'the greater part of the imprisoned crew,' not withstanding anything General Calonge may have said to the contrary in the morning. It afterwards appeared that this 'greater part of the crew' comprised forty-five men — the seven officers and one sailor being still de tained. Having thus shifted their ground, the Spaniards had to advance a new plea. Like all their previous manoeuvres, it was a two-handled blade, and cut as much against themselves as against their prisoners. Re duced to plain English it meant this— We may yet be obliged to meet a claim for damages by the owners of the Tornado, in which case it will be necessary for us to have the evidence of the officers of the vessel as to her character and destination. To Lord' Stanley this sounded, of course as if the Spanish Government, having committed a foolish act, wished to screen itself at the ex pense of innocent persons. The 'pickling' of witnesses is not a right generally con ceded to the Courts of their own country, and it would be difficult to prove why any foreign Court should possess such a peculiar privilege. The originality of the plea appears to have staggered tho Foreign Office. Perhaps it had to be referred to the law officers of the Crown before the final ultimatum was sent to Madrid. Hence the Dons obtained another month's grace, but no fresh concessions being obtainable from them, a squadron was ordered to Cadiz probably in the beginning of ApriL By next mail we shall certainly hear the issue of this ridiculous collision be tween John Bull and the last of the Bourbons. In tho very worst case the hostilities can never become serious as far as England is concerned. The bombardment of Cadiz may prove enough for the devout Queen Isabella, and nothing could be easier than shelling some tumble down fortifications 'which the largest iron clad afloat could approach within three quarters of a mile. Or suppose the avenging squadron should be confronted by tho whole Spanish fleet, how many hours would be needed to blow it to pieces? it contains only nine respectable steamers, all the rest being corvettes, gunboats, and sailing vessels. Poor Spain had the misfortune to reconstruct her navy on Charley Napier's Baltic model, and such is the result I The Cadiz fortifications, the nine steamers, and tho fifty- eight gunboats all duly accounted for, the so-called war would be at an end; the fire would havo burned out for lack of com bustibles. Should it, as in all probability it will, kindle arevolutionat Madrid, that might not be so shortlived, but it would not so closely concern John Bull. Ho might say, as C:irlyle sarcastically observed of the Ameri can War, 'It is a foul chimney which had best bo left to burn itself clean.' Da. Cabb's Seancb.— On Monday night Dr, Carr had a large attendance at the Town Hall. It was the concluding lecture and teance of the series, and considerable interest was excited. Mr. tlarcus occupied the chair, and introduced the lecturer, suggesting that any gentlemen who were scepticil should come forward aud closely examine the subjects for their own satisfaction and that of the audience. At the concluuon of the lecture— which was a short one, on 'Landmarks of History,'— Dr. Carr requested the audience to nominate a Committee of gentlemen to come on the platform, and carefully watch the various phenomena. The following gentlemen were sc lented: -Messrs. S. lieddome, P.M., W. A. Hughes TownClerk),W.K. Thomas, O.K. Richardson, and A. J. Baker; other gentlemen were also on the plat form. The 'manifestations' were of a wonderful character, and were closely investigated by the Committee. Anything like acting or collusion was out of the question. What would have been exceedingly painful operations in tho normal state were endured without the slightest indication of pain. The hand was quickly biought within an inch of the eyes of most of the subjects without any winking on their part, and the Maori stood rigid and immovable as a statue for nearly two hours. At the conclusion the Committee autho rized the Chairman to state to the audience their complete satisfaction with the phenomena, and their conviction that there was no acting in what had been done. Such a testimony from such men ought to be a sufficient answer to the absurd state meuts which have been made about Dr. Can's having bribed the subjects to do a piece of itis- honest acting. The doctor at the conclusion acknowledged the kindness which he bad received in Adelaide, paid his acknowledgments te the Chairman, and promised on some future occasion again to conic before them— an announcement which was received with great applause. Mr. Isaacs' Pabob.— We understand that Mr, Isaacs' farce of 'Our Uncle' will be performed only on Friday night at Mr. Hoskins' benefit. Insolvency Court.— In the Insolvency Court on Monday, George Donaldson anil Andrew Smith were awarded second-class certificates. In the case of M. Fitzgerald, insolvent received a second class cei tificate with one year's suspension, and was ordered to be imprisoned for three months. Adelaide Police CouRT.-On Monday, June 3, the Court was long occupied in investigating cross-informations for assault, which resulted jn each of the female defendants being fined 6a. A carter, charged with obstructing a thoroughfare by leaving his horse and cart thereon had to pay 258. ; and another carter had to pay 20s. for a similar offence. A licensed victualler, charged with hiving kept his house open after 11 o'clock on the night of the Queen's Birthday, pleaded the specialty of the occasion and a public ball. The Couit, taking all the circumstances into considera tion, declined to convict. The Barclay Relief Fund.-A meeting of the Committee of the Barclay Relief Fund was held at White's Arbitration Room on Monday afternoon; Mr. Townsend, U.P., in the phair. Several subscriptions were reported, making up the total amount promised up to date £533. A Committee was appointed to make arrangements for an entertainment in aid of the fund. Lands Titles Office.— Comparative statement of transactions in the Lands Titles Office during the month of May. 18C6 and 1867; 1866\. 1867. Applications ? ... 121 107 Transfers ? 1(57 Iffi Mortgages ? 1C8 160 Leases ? ... 19 3^ Transfers of mortgage ? R 9 Discharges ,„ , ? 90 9.) Caveats... ... ... .„ ,„ .3 9 Encumbrances ? ... rsr ?? 2 Transfers of lease ? 5' 3 Surrenders of leaso ... ... ... 4 15 Transmissions ? ... 8 3 Declarations of Trust ... ... — 1 Licences ? ... 1. 2 Withdrawal of caveat ......— C Writ ? 1 2 Order ef Court ... ... „. ,„ — 1 Ce. tificate of death ... „. ... — $ total ... 676 613 Fees of office ? £632 3s.64 £643 15s. 4d. Value ot land brought under Act, £107.418 £89.430 Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 1st of June, were:-Biiths, 31 mates; 19 females. Deaths, 16 males: 19 females. Total, 50 births: 35 deaths. Excess of births, 15. The Case of Matte y. Mumite,— At the request of the defendants in the above case (which resil-'ted in a nonsuit without their counsel btiag heard or evidence being Riven upon the merits) we publish their account, Rhowing for what services the plaintiff paid them the sum of £210?. :— ' Adelaide, April £4, 18G7. 'Mr. Carl Matte to U. Mumrue k Co. ' To transacting' business for you— Re Hartmann, viz. -Receiving £Ai0 from Hartinann on your account, being mortgage money at 1\ per cent, per annum on part Section No. 7, Onka paiinfia, and paving the Bame to you. lie C. Lnhrs -Receiving £!£# from you and paying the Barae to C. Luhrs in liquidation cf your mongage debt-£2 10a. 'N.B.— The above includes settling terms of mortgage, attending on all parties, drawing up receipts, and witnessing same. Victoria THEATRt-On Monday night East Lynne was ushered on the stage with a flourish of trumpets such as is seldom vouchsafed to any but sensation pieces. The trumpets had their usual effect, and combined with the reputatiou of the dramatized novel, drew a very large house. We I can hardly say that the great expectations of the | puUic were fully realized; for we have seen much j more applause bestowed on a less preten tious performance. It is a most virulent sped, j msn of BradJonism, alias gingerbread tragedy. | Without some preliminary training under Eugene Sue, it is impossible to stomach five such courses, of spiced villany and bottled indignation. There was first Cap.ain Lerison, whose unblushing and artistic wickedness was rendered by Mr. Hoskins { with the air of a Mephistophelean The only diffi culty about the character is a doubt which suggests iUelf as to whether so much evil could possibly exist in human form. For two centuries the world refused to believe that Machiavelli meant his precepts to be taken seriously ; but they are goodness itself compared with the precepts and practice of Captain Levison. The man j who could carry murdtr, and seduction, and adultery, and a dozen other sensational crimes on his conscience without allowing thsm to make a wrinkJs on bis sniiliug countenance, must have been a kind of West-end Satan. Was not Mrs. Woods rather frightened at him herseif when she had exorcised him! The dramatiser was evidently not frightened, for he has brought all the villany in the tale to a very effective focus in the play, and has coloured it up without the slightest compunc tion iq his dialogue. Captain Levison appears on the stage a paragon of uublushing ? irdonic villany — evil glorying in itself, enjoying itself, and regarding notluug but itself. Mr. Hoskins impersonated the repulsive character most effectively. The darker features wore subdued by a 1 ght play of humour. The gen tleman was made to hold the scoundrel in check, and the imure&sion; conveyed was much plcasanier than might be gathered from reading in print the words put into the actor's mouth Mr. Hoskins's success was attained rather through veiling the essential characteristics of Levinen than by de veloping them. Of Mdllc. St. Denis as Lady Isabel Vaue. we can hardly say more than that she did well considering the fact that she was very much out of her element. There is little tragic . power, either in her voice, her appearauce, or her action. Under theso disadvantages she did everything that could be done to expiess the jealousy of the wife who thinks herself neglected, aud the shame of the woman who, in trying to revenge her fancied wrongs, commits the greatest sin in the matri monial decalogue. Her nearest approach to her proper clement was in the scene when she parts with Levison, when he has refused to marry her. The scornful dignity she then assumed became her well; but the. deathbed scene was awful fire works. By the way, did the dramatist of East Lynne hope to effect the long desired reconciliation between the pulpit and the stage when he put so much conventicle cant into the mouth of the dying boy! If he did he would have been rather disgusted at the impression it made last night. The truth is, excessive goodness is as difficult to dramatise as excessive wickedness. The neneral belief in either is too weak to stand the footlights. But to return to Mdlle. SL Denis: her Lady Isabel Vane has only confirmed our previous conviction that she is destined to become a great comedian, but nothing else. She ought not to be too ambitious. Mrs. Jackson as Miss Cornelia Carlyle, a r6le which had been assigned to Mrs. Kay, and fur which her substitute had only a few hours' preparation, took the house by surprise. Want of versatility and mannerism have hituurto been regarded as her weak points; but she has suddenly emancipated herself from both. The strong-minded, sagaciots, plain-spoken spinster of a certain age was admirably portrayed. The em phatic tone, the fidgetty suspicious movements and the peculiar ideas of propriety, weie all io keep ing with the old-fashioned garb. It was an entirely uew rOle, ami if opportunity be given to Mr«. racKson to vary witi it that in which she lias ilrtiuly made herself so favourably known, her popularity will be vastly increased. In the rest of he cast there wus nothing very noteworthy. Mr. ttayner had a very congenial character in Archi j.iii( Carlyle, and played it well. Mr. Andrews as Karl Mount Severn seemed to be under the im pression that the nobility are a kind of locomotive iiutues trained to recite by the parish clerk. The second piece was the farcu of 'A Silent Woman,' in which Mr. Hoskins reappeared is Arthur Merton, and Mrs. Jackson as Marianne. On Friday uight Mr. Hoskius will ake his benefit, when no doubt we shall see the louse of the season. The very successful engage ment he is about to complete has effected a revo uiiuii in our dramatic world. Both the public iiid the management have been agreeably sui prised by its result; as the one hardly expected to see such high-class acting again, and the other did not believe that it would pay to engage it. An ulditional attraction in Friday night's programme irill be the farce of 'Our Uncle,' which was mnounied some time ago as a new proof of Mr. Isaacs' talent. The trco principal parts have been ipecially written for Mr. Hoskins and Mr. C. xounp, and as the former will remain only knottier night in Adelaide after his bemiit, it is not likely that a second performance of the piece *i.l take place. To-night, the same pieces will be repeated. Socra Australian Benefit Socibtt.— A ban juet to commeinsrate the opening of the South Aus tralian Benefit Society's new room was held at St. Francis Zivier's Hall on Monday evening, June 3. riicre were present over 21)0 persons, including jeveral of the Catholic clergy. Mr. J. U. Daly occupied the chair, and Mr. L. Murphy the vice :hair. After an excellent dinner, provided by Mr. Kedmond, of the Sir John Barleycorn, had been ione ample justice to, the Chairman proposed 'The Health of the Queen,' 'The Prince and Princess of Wales and the rest of the .Royal Family,' taking occasion to ol'.er his congratula tions on so large a number being present, and on their occupying tuch a fine hall as that m which they were assembled. The toasts huvug been honoured, the Vice-Chainniiu gave ' The Health of His Excellency Sir Uuiuiuick Daly,' which was drunk with cheering. Next followed 'The Army, flavy, and Volunteers,' which tras responded to by Mr. P. M. .Colemau. The Cha'uman then proposed 'The Health ot the Catholic Bishop and Clergy.' He re- j marked that the exertions which they had made for the completion of the building in which they then were, and the elforU they had made for the Benefit Society, needed no comment from him. There was no warmer understanding than that between the Catholic and his priest, aud there had been engendered the kindliest feeling towards the clergy by those who were under their charge. (Applause.) The Venerable Archdeacon fiussell returned thanks. In endeavouring to forward the interests of the South Australian Benefit Society the clergy bad worked hard, but net harder than it was their duty to do, and he was now happy that it had attained a position equal to any of the other benefit societies of the colony. He hoped before their next meeting their numbers would be doubled. (Applause.) |.Here the Chairman was obliged to leave on account of urgent domestic affairs, and Mr. J. VV. Kgantook his position! Mr. Stuckey gave 'The Parliament,' after which Mr. Hewett proposed 'Success to the South Australian Benefit Society.' In wishing it success lie might say that they wished prosperity, to one of the best Societies in the colony.. Its object was to relieve the widow aqd orphan In the time of their severest need, and they must all feel how desirable it was to be able to alleviate the distress of families when their chief support was taken from them. (Ap. plausc.) Mr. Fitznatrick, in responding, said the South Australian Benefit Society was a Society of which the want had long been felt. It was found that it was injurious for young men to meet in public- hvusEs, and so a Society was established in December, 18dl, which did not hold its meeting* in them. In December of the following year there was a balance of £157 10a. lOd. in their favour; in 1883 it amounted to £2*8 5s. Od.; in 1864, to £L8 Ss. 7d. ; in 1865, to £163 15s. 61, with £200 lent on mortgage, making a total of £363 15s. (kL hi Depemopr, lifoU tl)e ainount to the credit of the Society wus £384 19b. 41. The winter was a very severe one, and £90 had been paid to sick members who were unable to follow their usual employ ments. Mr. Cronin proposed 'The Widow aud Orphan Fund.' There was nothing that he knew of which would tend more to comfoit a man on his deathbed than to know that his wife and children would be provided for by his own fore thought. Whoever was the originator of the fund was a benefactor to mankind. He was happy lo see many who, like himself, belonged- to other societies which had a similar fund, and who could testify to the great benefits which it conferred. (Applause.) Mr. J. K. Penney, Financial and Corresponding Secretary, returned thanks, stating that the Society had not been established on any sectarian principles, and that it had no secrets to conceal. Tbfi Wjdpw and Orphan Fund was established in June; 1S64. During the first six months £67 was received, and £65 paid away. During the next half-year £104 was received, and £29 Daid away. At the end of 1865 £111 7s. 4d. was received, which added to the balance in hand. No deaths having occurred, left a balance of £188 11s. 4d. In June, l&ifi;, the returns were £116 16* 4d., and no deaths having again occurred, ieft a balance ef £305 7s. 8d., which, added to the return of December, 1868, —£147 IBs. 7d., left a total of £153 4a. 3d. In this half-year the expenses amounted to £94 7s. 6d., which left a balance of £312 18s. 3d. to commence 1867 with; £220 of that amount the Trustees had invested on freehold security at 10 per cent. The post half-year there had been no calls on their funds. Smce the fund had been established £188 had beep paid fprtlje relief of widows and orphans, and when the returns from the parent and branch Societies, which were due in a few weeks,' wjjre paid, the amount of the fund would be about £600. The total working. expenses for the three years amounted to six guineas. The Society now numbered over 30ti members. In February last the parent Society had Ifa7 members; Kapundii, KJ; Clare, 41: and Kooringa, 17. Mr. Penney poncluded by proposing '^access to kindred societies,' which, alter being drunk, Dr, Guuson responded, expressing the great pleasure he felt in being present, and his interest in the welfare of the Society. He also congratulated them on having a hall of their own to meet in— an advantage which kindred Societies had not. After speaking of the benefits derived from such institution.'', he concluded by advising those who did not belong to auy to join one or other of them as soon as possible. (Applause.) The u*ual toasts incidental to the occasion followed, and the proceeding?, which bad been diversified by the mu-sic of the Catholic Band, a comic reading by Mr, U. Ii. Irwin, ajid several songs, closed at a late hour, ????.. Sixrn Creek Gold Miming Company. — The adjourned ordinary general half-yearly meeting oi the shareholders of the Sixth Creek Gold Mining Company, advertised to take place at the Arbitra tion Kooin. King William-street, on Monday, June 3, was not held, in consequence of there being an insufficient number of shareholders present to form a quorum. «v£T Mr. L. Barnard requests us to call particular attention to hia important Sale of Ta-.manian Heavy Draught Stock, by order of the well-known Importers Messrs. Derhom & Stevens. ffi^^^JSfSLS1 ** at the JohD 