THE ILLUMINATIONS. Out from the glare of a million lights, with eyes dazzled by the brilliancy of colors as diverse as those of the rainbow, with ears deafened with the murmur of many voices, feet a-weary, and body generally dilapidated we come to describe a scene which certainly has no parallel in the history of Australasia, which probably has no more than a parallel in the history of the world. We may be drunk with loyalty, but our drunkenness takes to it- self a very pleasant form sometimes. It could clothe itself in no brighter colors than it did on Tuesday night. If it tried ever so hard it could not show itself more vividly, or speak so strongly to the senses. It was writtten on every wall, pictured from every window, reflected in the smiling, jocund faces of many thousands. To those who are familiar with Melbourne in its work- a-day attire, the sight was a marvellous one ; to those who know not Melbourne at all, and are not acquainted with the deep devotion and loyalty of her citizens, it must have, indeed, been more than marvellous — it must have been miraculous. It was a fairy city, astir with active, prosperous life, radiant in smiles, and wreathed in beauty too intoxicating to last. Night was not, as far as the city was concerned, for everywhere was radiant with light, beneath which trooped countless thou- sands of men and women. Where the people came from must for ever remain a mystery. Was there any house in the suburbs with a human soul in it, or did the dogs alone sit in watch and ward over the goods and chattels of the bourgesses? Collingwood emptied itself into Bourke-street in all sorts of ways; from the more aristocratic suburb of St. Kilda came elegant and airy vehicles, which, however, had to suffer the indignity of following in the wake of lumbering waggons and mud bespattered drays, which had not been cleaned.apparently for numberless months. Yet in all this vast crowd there was no disorder, and nothing but the best of humor prevailed. All looked happy as they felt; all, were well clad, all seemed to revel in health, and if not in wealth, at least in content. Such a picture of a thriving, well to-do people must have been a novelty to the Duke of Edinburgh. Driving through the streets he could not have failed to observe the youth and vigor of the people he has come to visit. Here no decrepitude, no pauperism, no cause to turn away with a sickening shudder from the feast offered to the eye, because there was nothing to offend the eye in the slighest degree. Indeed, the mass of the people, happy, joyous, and con- tented, was a sight in itself. To be pleased you had no occasion to so much as look at the gorgeousness of thie pictures on the walls ; there was enough for you to find satisfaction in the faces of the populace. There was to be seen reflected all the better attributes of our nature under the influence of a great and all-pervad- ing excitement. Of course, it is impossible by description to convey any idea of the scene as it presented itself to the eye of the multitude. The only man who could photograph it properly with his pen is George Augustus Sala, and it requires all his descriptive powers to convey anything like an idea of what was seen and what was done. As to what was seen, coming to dry fact, it is hard to say how to commence. There were so many dazzling sights, that not one of them fastened itself on the mind for any length of time. Were you enchanted with the Trea- sury, bewildered by the blaze of light at the Town Hall, gratified by the tasteful blending of colors at Denis Brothers, startled by the gorgeous appearance of the Oriental Bank, you always in your travels found something else to take your fancy and efface the impressions of the last picture you had gazed on. Perhaps it was a little bijou of a transparency, passed because of its insignificance by the crowd; perhaps, a combination of effects theatrical in their nature, and highly effective. And writing of theatres reminds one that theatrical managers have every reason to complain of the dullness of their trade. Lately, the streets have been converted into theatres, and in them sights have been seen more real and more vivid than those presented on any stage. Again to come to mere matter of fact, it may be said that the streets of Melbourne were densely thronged from eight o'clock till midnight on Tuesday. From every house shone forth some words of welcome, and from the tops of many there were burst great pots of blazing fire, which illumined the night even more brightly than the gas. The weather was most propitious. A gentle breeze only stirred the gas jets of the illuminations, but did not in any way rob any of them of their due effect. Through the centre of the streets in solemn march went a string of carriages of every description, from the elegant barouche to the lithesome buggy, the lumbering dray and to the heavily laden lorry. These last were in themselves features of the sight. They were for the most part crowded with the wives of men who are the bone and sinew of our colony, and a very comely, pleasant sort of people they seemed to be. Side by side marched, densely packed together, those who preferred freedom of limit to comfort of body. Their name was legion, and amongst them there was no comfort for those who were troubled by their poor feet. They were reckless in their loyalty, these people, and whatever their respect for the Crown, they had none for the corns of their neighbors. As to centres of attraction, they were to be found everywhere. The glory was not confined to our four principal streets, but scat- tered about everywhere. So splendid was it, that by its splendor it satiated the eye long before you had arrived at the end of it. There was a plethora of gas, and infinity of paint- ings. There was beside, here and there, an electric light shown, and this lit up the sur- roundings with astonishing effect. Bourke- street and Collins-street, seen from their best points of observation and regard, seemed as if they were endowed with a strange life. The "heads of the people," with the re- flection of the gas upon them never showed to better advantage. In Little Bourke-street there was an independent display. Here the Chinese exhibited their skill as pyrotechnists in a remarkable manner, and woe betide the man or woman with delicate nerves who tra- versed its length. The noise of the crackers and the glare of the blue lights made lively the dingy tenements of the Celestials. Fortunately the cracker nuisance was not allowed to extend beyond this street, and for this all thanks to the police. The Duke drove through the streets in state about ten o'clock, and was received by acclamation along the whole route. He expressed himselt highly delighted with the display, which he said he had never seen equalled out of Lon- don. We now proceed to give our readers a more detailed account of the proceedings. COLLINS-STREET. The Treasury being one of the few principal Government buildings that are completed, there was a fair opportunity for the exercise of good taste in planning its illuminations, and they were certainly very successful, As none of its architectural features are very promi- nent, no great difficulty could have been expe- rienced in throwing over all of them an equal flood of light, in which even the minutest points of beauty and adornment were seen with noonday distinctness. And as the building, though large and imposing in its general ap- pearance, is quiet in its style of architecture, it is most to be admired for the highly ornamental character of its various details; and hence the chief object to be attained was to avoid throwing any part of it into shade, and to effect a clearly defined display of the finely wrought work of its small but beautifully proportioned projections. By the illuminations as they were carried out these ends were accomplished very success- fully; by a judicious distribution of lights over all parts of it, the large and massive figure of the building was brought out with great effect, before a highly favorable dark back-ground afforded by the public gardens at the rear, and not the smallest ornamental feature of the front or side elevations was obscured. The illuminated designs were in the central and more highly ornamental part of the front eleva- tion. Here, in the upper story, are five arched recesses, with a projecting window on the right and left. In the centre recess there was a transparency of the Queen in her royal robes ; it was 27 x 13, and was painted by M. Chevalier; the figure was really colossal, but at the distance from which it was viewed it did not appear unnaturally large. The state robes of her Majesty are peculiarly well adapted for effective display in an illuminated design, and their bright and rich colors, and also the heavy fall of the drapery, were remarkably good features in the painting. Around each of the nearer recesses, on the one hand and on the other, there was an illuminated border described by those responsible for the idea as being of Greek design, but which may be plainly repre- sented as being formed of squares alternately placed right and left within two parallel lines of perforated gas-piping. In the centre of each of these recesses was a crown in the same slyle of illumination as the border. In each outer recess to the right and left there was a more simple but yet a very handsome border formed by equi-distant diagonal bars of light between illuminated parallel lines; and in the centre of each of those spaces there was a re- presentation of a star, the designs thus cor- responding in the two more distant as in the two nearer recesses. As the illuminated designs were kept well back in the recesses at each side of the transparency in the centre and showed in front of the windows, of which they are the openings, the effect was as if they were the ends of long vaulted arcades, rich through- out their length with the same handsome columns and othor architectural adornments that are bathed in light at the seeming entrances. Next, in the doorway or window to the right, and also on the one to the left, a lighter device follows the line of architecture and within it there is a representation of the rising sun. The several windows on the ground floor, beneath the central part of the building we have described, were ornamented with festoons and stars formed of variegated lamps; and in each of the other windows, above and below, and to the right and to the left of the front elevation, and likewise in those on the returns, there were pyramids of wax lights, the object being to avoid as far as possible the risk of an insufficient supply of gas. Extending far down Collins-street, and to the right and left in Spring-street, there was an immense and closely-packed crowd, upon whose upturned and gazing countenances a bright light was shed from the illuminations on the noble structure before them. It might be said, without exaggeration, that a pin dropped among this vast multitude of people could not have fallen to the ground, so closely did they stand together. Extending over a wide space in front of the Melbourne Club an ordinary design was worked out in gas-piping, but with so much mechanical ability, by Mr Dempster, the con- tractor, that it looked uncommonly well. Im- mediately below the handsome cornice of this fine building there was a large star, and below it and above a crown, "Welcome, Duke of Edinburgh" was shown in large letters on an ornamental scroll. Figures of the lion and unicorn occupied their fitting places, and beneath this portion of the royal arms was the mottc, "Dieu et mon droit." The space occupied by the device below the star measured about twenty-four feet by fifteen feet. The gas work was sheltered in the usual manner; but as the house was otherwise well lighted within, and the windows were not curtained, the usual ill effect of partly enclosing exterior illuminations was not perceived in this case — the whole front elevation of the building was sufficiently lighted. In front of the Audit Office there was a large glass transparency of the royal crown. Dr. Tracey's residence was very handsomely illuminated with seven transparencies that were remarkably well painted by a lady residing at Richmond. These were St. Andrew's Cross, the Prince's arms, Windsor Castle, Britannia, Auld Reekie, the Victorian arms, and an anchor surmounted by a crown. At the Crown Law Offices there was a large glass transparency of the royal arms, from the establishment of Messrs Ferguson and Urie. The usual rich effect of transparency of this description was remarkable in this case. Before Mr P. G. Martin's residence there was a harp in gas lights,.and at the opposite side of the street Dr. Gunst had three small transparencies in front of his hydropathic establishment. The centre one was the royal arms, that to the right Welcome to Victoria within a circle, and a bust of the Prince in another circle on the left. Dr. Brownless, Vice-Chancellor of the University, displayed the handsome arms of the institution in a transparency. At Gallogly's Civil Service Hotel, at the corner of Russell and Collins-streets, there was a handsome transparency on the angle of the house, over the bar entrance. Under a harp, around which there was a wreath of shamrocks, there was a bust of the Prince in his naval uniform. On the dexter hand of his Royal Highness stood Britannia, and on the opposite side a British tar bearing a half-furled Union Jack. By the Irish motto "Cead mille Failthe," which was on a band below the Duke's portrait, he received a hundred thousand welcomes to Victoria. At the base of the design there was a representation of the Galatea, and on each side of the ship stood a protecting Nereid. With the assistance of some flags that floated conspicuously from the parapet of the buildings, and the aid of interior illumination, a very good effect was obtained. The transparency was executed at the establish- ment of Mr Marsh. Before a central window of Mr M. Benjamin's house there was a bright and attractive trans- parency of the Prince in the foreground, and of the Galatea at anchor behind. In the first window of the upper story on the western side there was also a transparency of a man-of- war's man. In the centre of the block of buildings on the south side of the street, comprising the re- sidences of Drs. Farrage, Beanby arid McCrea, there was a rather crowded but still an effec- tive transparency, which may be thus briefly described:— On each side of a royal crown there was a winged cherubim or angelic being of some order. Beneath the crown and over a portrait of the Prince the word "Welcome" was emblazoned, and under the portrait "Royal Duke." At the front on the right hand there was an anchor and cable, and on the left hand, in the same position, a cannon. Mr L. Schott had a lyre under a rising sun, and within a foliated border, with the motto, "Greet him with music and song." Dr. J. Blair had several small transparencies in his upper windows, and handsome colored lanterns in the lower ones. Messrs Garrard and James, surgeons, had a star in gas jets, before a colored reflector, and below, "Welcome, Prince Alfred;" Mr Wallan, dentist, the Prince's arms; Dr. Girdlestone, a pretty display of colored lanterns. At Punch-office, there was a transparency of the funny gentleman him- self, and Messrs Grover and Baker had the arms of our royal visitor, both as Prince and Duke. Mr Wragge, chemist, manifested his loyalty by displaying a handsome star ; and Mr Eldridge, dyer, expressed his by means of a bright sun- light, in the centre of which there was the letter A. Before the handsome Grecian portico in front of the Baptist Church, at the opposite side of the street, there was a star of gas, which was brilliantly reflected on Mr Sitch's principle; and in the centre of the star there was a handsome colored crown in bas relief. At the establishment of Mr Stokes, nearly op- posite, the two faces of his medal commemorating the Duke's visit, were shown in a transparency, the central device of which was the arms of the City of Edinburgh, which are to appear on one side of a gold medal Mr Stokes is about to strike off to the order of the City Council, and to commemorate the laying of the founda- tion stone of the new Town Hall by his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. Messrs Gould and Martin, homeopathic che- mists, exhibited a transparency of novel design that was painted at Mr Marsh's establishment. It represented the Prince in his naval uniform standing on a globe, with one foot on the Australian continent and the other resting on the South Pole. British sailors on the right and Australian aborigines on the left, hail him as "King of Australia." The Victorian Insurance Company displayed above their office a transparency ol some pretensions, painted by Mr. Calder. At each side of the crown a lightly draped nymph, poised in the air without wings, held a crown with her right hand above the head of his Royal Highness, signifying thereby, we presume, her willingness to provide him with one at this side of the world. Below the crown there was a likeness of the Prince, and on each side of him a lion couchant. In scroll-work below the portrait, the rose, thistle and shamrock were shown, and the name of the association was introduced in the device. At the Argus Hotel there was a medallion portrait of the Duke, above which in scroll work was the word Welcome ; below, and done in a siinilar style, was the title and name of our royal visitor. Flags were grouped at each side of the portrait, and surmounting the whole was a crown. The transparency, though small, was not unattractive. The separate displays made by Messrs Calvert, Powis and Edwards, near the School of Arts (outside which there was an illumin- ated, star) when looked at in combin- ation, were much admired. This was so because each showed on the same line a trans- parency 7 feet by 4 feet, and also because each of these was well painted, and there was some correspondence of idea between the three. That shown to the right, by Mr Calvert, was a full length figure of the Prince, which he had himself executed, evidently with some care ; that to the left was a likeness, of the same size, of the Queen; and between these was a repre- sentation of the Duke's arms, which hung in front of Mr Powis's repository of the fine arts. Before the Argus office was a transparency, twenty feet by thirteen feet, painted by M. Chevalier. From a state barge, the Prince was being introduced into the colony by Bri- tannia, preceded by four dolphins, ridden by cupids. To the right, a female figure repre- senting the City of Melboume, held an address to be presented to his Royal Highness. To the left was Victoria, with a fern tree, bidding wel- come. In the distance was the Galatea, salut- ing and followed by the flotilla. Fern trees and general Victorian vegetation for a frame, and the attributes of literature, science and arts below, completed the composition. In front of the School of Arts, there was a star in gas jets. The chief features of a transparency at the angle of Mr Germain Nicholson's establish- ment, comer of Collins and Swanston streets, were a half portrait of the Prince, with "Wel- come, Duke of Edinburgh" in a border sur- rounding it, and supported by lion and unicorn. Above these was the Duke's arms, flanked by national flags, and surmounting all were the arms of the city of Edinburgh. Messrs J.B. Milton and Co., military tailors, had a sunlight in gas; Messrs Bradshaw and Co., a star; and Messrs Walsh Brothers, jewel- lers, a Brunswick star, with a cordon of light round their clock, and flags to set off the whole. Messrs Beauchamp and Rocke had three sunlights on the wide face of their large establishment. In the centre of each of these, at the side, was a colored crown, and the word "Welcome," and in the one in the mid- dle place the arms of the City of Edin- burgh were very tastefully executed. With these there was a line of flags, thirty in num- ber, across the street. Messrs Appleton and Tweddell had a star upon Sitch's principle, and on the right of it was the initial letter P., and on the left A. Mr Parsons displayed a star. Mr J. Sleight had a transparency consisting of the royal arms in the centre, with a portrait of the Queen on the right, and one of the Prince on the left. Mr Mullen, bookseller, &c.;, joined the general illuminations by displaying in trans- parency a portrait of the Prince, supported by figures of Art and Science, surrounded by books, globes, lay figures, &c;, with drapery of flags and motto, Treu und Fest. A handsome transparency, executed by Messrs Gillett and Harcourt, of 85 Russell-street, was displayed in front of the premises of Mr Whitehead, stationer. It consisted of a por- trait of Prince Alfred, with the Galatea in the distance ; in the foreground lion and unicorn couchant ; supporters, Britannia and Victoria ; motto, Welcome. At Mr Paling's establish- ment there was a well- executed transparency of a harp. A very effective display was made at the Bank of Victoria, where there was a large transparency that must have measured about 400 square feet. It was painted by Mr Camp- bell; and designed to express the reception of the Prince by the people of Victoria. Near the centre is a gilded barge, illustra- tive of the station and dignity of the Royal Duke, who is passing from it en shore, over a bridge covered with crimson drapery. Neptune behind seems to deliver up his charge, the sea god's tritons fastening the barge to the shore. The barge, like an ancient Roman or classic galley, is richly ornamented with scroll work, oak leaves, acorns, &c.; A lion's head and mane rises on the prow, below which is the shield of the Prince, properly emblazoned. The sail is double formed like two pendants, and on one of these is the cross of St. George, and on the other that of St. Andrew, the Prince boing Knight of the Garter and of the Thistle. At the mast head floats the royal standard. To welcome him approaches a female figure typical of Victoria, who has in her hand a palm branch, the em- blem of peace, while on her right hand Plenty spreads the contents of her cor- nucopia at the Prince's feet. In the train of Victoria comes a number of blooming maidens, so indicating the mild and healthy character of the climate, each one carrying something illustrative of the produce of the soil. Wool, wine, com, gold, prints, flowers, &c.;, are thus expressed. In the foreground are also an aboriginal family, who spread on the ground their treasures, the products of the chase, viz., kangaroo, parrots, wild duck, native companion, and platypus— animals pe- culiar to Australia. They also make an offer- ing of their spear, boomerang and waddie, thus avowing the friendly, character of their recep- tion. In the distance are represented ploughed fields, vineyards, forests, mountains and val- leys, also a wide bay containing shipping, boats, &c.;, and more prominently the Galatea, from which the royal visitor has just come ashore. Mr Batchelder's illuminations were a large transparency, consisting of five portraits painted within ornamental frames. The centre one was a portrait of the Prince, and the four corners were occupied by similar ones of Admi- rals Drake, Blake, Nelson and Collingwood. Above, in the centre and between the busts of Drake and Blake, was an ancient galleon typical of the period in which these distinguished admirals lived ; and in a similar position below was the Galatea, to represent the later period in which Nelson and Collingwood served their country so well. The motto was "England's Naval Heroes and her Naval Hope," the point of which cannot be mistaken. Mr Batteril was the artist. Mr D.Henry had a transparency of the royal arms, with playful cupids at each side ; and Messrs Murray Brothers, tailors, &c.;, the arms of the Prince, supported by figures of a High- lander with Scottish flag, and a sailor with British ensign. Messrs Garrard and Janes, solicitors, had a sunlight with the inscription "Welcome, Prince Alfred." Before Messrs McArthur, Sherrard and Cope- land's warehouses was a large transparency, from the establishment of Mr Marsh, measur- ing 36 ft by 13 ft. The contre figure was that of the Prince, who was surrounded with bay leaves after the fashion of a Roman hero; emblema- tical figures of commerce, arts and letters as supporters; Galatea and Great Britain to the right and left; the Australian shield in the upper corner at the right hand, and the British shield in the same position at the opposite side ; the whole surmounted by the Royal Duke's shield, supported by lion and unicorn. The picture was tastefully filled in. At Mr Parson's there was a handsome star, which had the appearance of being formed of crystals. At Mr L. Robin- son's, and also at Mr H. Glen's, there was a star in gas jets ; and, similarly pro- duced, there was a sun-light at Mr Hughes's and another at Mr Beaumont's. At the Mort- gage Bank of Victoria, in the centre, there was a sun-light with the letters A. E. A., and from this on each side lighted festoons were carried to a star. There was a star at Mr Watson's. At Mr Robert Byrne's there was the Prince's arms and motto, with "Peace and Plenty" in- scribed in a scroll above. By the design of a large transparency out- side the establishment of Messrs McCulloch and Co., it was intended to represent a scene on the Murray near Echuca. The principal figure is a large six-horse waggon loaded with bales of wool. A steamer with wool and pas- sengers on deck is soon approaching the jetty, upon which there are casks of wine. The can- vas is 24 feet by 12 feet. On the front of Mr W. Hickinbotham's premises there was a novel and attractive design in transparency. The centre figure was the royal coat of arms painted on a shield, with an opossum rug for the groundwork. The shield was supported by a kangaroo and emu, and beneath was the Dnko's motto, "Treu und fest." The idea carried out in the transparency at Mr George Robertson's is that the sun never sets in the Queen's dominions. Snow, ice, scanty vegetation, &c;, represent the arctic regions, and the tropical regions are represented by luxuriant vegetation and other peculiarities. Below is the appropriate motto, Semper sub sole. Mr McGuigan, bootmaker, &c;, appropriately selected Crispin's Arms, which are a boot, sur- mounted by a crown, and supported by one of the Kings of the Heptarchy at one side, and by Knight Crispin himself, the king's brother, at the other. The motto was "Cead mille Failthe," and surmounting the armorial device was the rising sun. Exposed before Mr Buzzard's library there was a medallion portrait of the Prince, by Chevalier, surrounded with national flags, and held by two Jack tars, before an anchor, por- tions of which were seen at the back. The motto was, "Welcome our Sailor Prince." De- pending from the anchor were garlands of flowers, &c.; Before Mr Balderson's establishment there was a transparency by Messrs Gillett and Har- ford. In this Victoria was represented by a full length figure of a country lady, whose right hand was extended as though in the words of an inscription, which was above, she was bid ding the Prince Welcome to us. On her left hand was a sheaf of corn, and at her foot were strewn grapes and other specimens of the best fruits produced in the colony. The de- sign, which was rustic in its chief features, was novel, and it certainly received all the notice it deserved from those who thronged the street. A remarkably large ensign floated over the establishment. The premises of the Alliance Fire and Life Insurance Company were effectively illuminated by devices in perforated gas piping before a dark background. Under the word Welcome was a large anchor with the initial letters P. and A . on the right and left hand respectively. Under this was To Victoria, and on each side was a star. Over the Melbourne Medical Hall there was a star, and at the angle of Mr Ellis's establishment there was another. Mr Paul Thomas made a pretty display with colored lanterns, which he hung round the coat of arms in relief that was fixed on the entablature of his shop. The Australian Alliance Insurance Com- pany displayed their arms on a transparency, the illustrations of which may be thus briefly described. In the centre is a widow in a con- dition of want, and she is making application for provision to the company, represented by a female figure with a cornucopia and other symbols of plenty at her feet. At the back to the right is a range of houses, one of which is on fire, and to the left a railway train. In the distance shipping is seen, and the whole is surmounted by a beehive supported by celestial figures. The Imperial Fire Insurance Company had an elaborate design in transparency outside their office. The centre piece was an embla- zonment of the first, second and third quarters of the royal shield, and around these in a border was the usual motto. On each side of this device there was a presiding nymph, while conspicuous above all was the inscription Thrice Welcome Royal Prince. Mr R. U. Miller had the Galatea beneath a star, with the letters A E respectively on the right and left hand. The design was shown in gas jets. In front of the establishment of Mr S. W. Pearson, engraver, there was a revolving spiral pillar, beautifully illuminated and sur- mounted by a Scotch crown, the band of which glittered brilliantly. The revolving motion was obtained by bending the spiral lines of gas piping through a basin of water in which the base of the pillar was immersed, and by perforat- ing the side, and not the front of the piping. The principle of the gasometer was applied to admit of the rotatory motion, which was ef- fected chiefly by the combustion of the gas at the side of the spiral pipes, but partly also by tin work in the crown after the fashion of a ven- tilating disc. The designer and maker is Mr Robert Anderson, 137 Little Collins-street east. A crown in full relief above the entablature of the Melbourne Gas Company's office, and constructed of small squares of colored glass, had a remarkably good effect. Being strongly illuminated, its bright and glistening colors showed to great advantage, and the diadem looked rich and costly as such an article should be. Below was a crown in gaslights. The front of the National Bank premises was illuminated by a transparency representing Neptune in his car drawn by seahorses, and the Prince at his side under his protection. In gaslight below the upper corner there was a largo crown between V and R, and between the lower one there were four stars. Messrs Moubray, Lush and Co.'s pre- mises were decorated with a crown between the initial letters P. A., with an anchor beneath, and the three windows at each side of it plainly illuminated. Each of the four large uniform windows of Messrs Alston and Brown's pre- mises was filled in with a transparency. There were four full-length figures of her Majesty, the Prince, Neptune and Britannia. The device adopted by Messrs Frazer and Co. embraced a star in the centre, and at each side two concentric circles connected by four smaller ones, with an anchor in the centre of the design. From a line carried from this es- tablishment to the opposite side of the street depended a large number of flags. The situation of the Union Bank, on the high ground at the intersection of Collins and Queen streets, was well adapted for an effective display, and excellent use was made of that ad- vantage. The most attractive illuminations, though not perhaps the most meritorious in an artistic point of view, were on the Collins- street front. Above the parapet and surmount- ing the other designs at this side, was a large crown, described with gas lights. Below this was a half-length figure of the Prince in a transparency, 6 feet in diameter, and painted by Mr Campbell. His Highness is represented in his uniform as Captain of the Royal Navy. Under this there was a double revolving star in gas, which was 12 feet in diameter, and the only one of the kind that has been exhibited in Melbourne. This is really a most ingenious piece of mechanism. The gas had to find its way into some forty tubes, of which the outer and inner stars were formed, and each of these stars revolved upon a hollow axis, and the one in a reverse motion to the other. On the right of the star was the word Prince in gas jets, and on the left of it the word Alfred in the same style of illumination. But to give com- pleteness to the idea we have to supply an omission by mentioning that between the crown and the Duke's half-length figure there was the word Welcome. Beneath the star there was a transparency of his Royal High- ness's arms, which was correct in all particu- lars. Facing Queen-street there was a large transparency— 18 ft. x 12 ft.— of the Galatea under steam, and this was done in a style of art of which the artist has no occasion to be ashamed. The proportions of the vessel in all parts were just. She appeared to float pro- perly and with some immersion, and did not rest on the surface of the water as a leaf might do. The sea was also well man- aged, and the transparency altogether was much above many similar designs that were to be seen elsewhere. There is a buoy in the foreground by which the perspective is well obtained, and to this the ship was rounding to with main topsail and main topgallantsail aback. Above this transparency there was on anchor in gas nine feet high. Flagstaffs were so numerous on all ports of the building that it seemed as though all the suitable timber on Dunsinane had come to it, and in the multipli- city of national ensigns, pennons, &c.;, that floated from these, there was no room whatever left for national jealousy. From an erect and lofty staff fixed behind the crown, the royal standard floated, and from one of the same kind so placed above the transparency on the west side, the union jack was unfurled to the breeze. Hung upon the moulding round the transparency on the Queen-street front were numerous oil lamps at regular distances, and these were also employed for the decoration of the several window-sills from which the banner poles sprang. In the window at the corner of the building, over the chief entrance, there was a handsome anchor, eight feet in height, and formed of evergreens and flowers. The flags on the Queen-street side were those of America, Belgium, Turkey, China, Greece and Russia, with the union jack uppermost; and those on the chief front were the Danish, Prussian, Italian, Austrian and French, with the English red ensign in the centre, and the royal standard above all. The several flagstaffs were hand- somely garlanded with evergreens, and there was a profusion of suitable ornaments taste- fully disposed over the two fronts of the build- ing. By means of an electric light that was on the top of the building, the various de- vices and colors of the flags were seen with great distinctness, and the effect produced was materially heightened by the flaming lights which ascended from several cressets disposed on the parapet. The plan adopted for illuminating the Bank of New South Wales showed the handsome architectural features of the building to great advantage. Along the coping and around the three upper central window recesses there was a single line of light, and before the window on the same level at each side, the initial letters A E A., with a star, were displayed. Below were festoons of light, and five stars. The building was further ornamented with gar- lands of evergreens, and with several devices formed with flowers on rich drapery. In a transparency at Messrs Ferguson and Mitchell's, Victoria and England were repre- sented by two emblematical figures, the one welcoming the other. The royal arms were also shown in the painting, which is about 18 feet by 9 feet, and the Galatea is seen in the distance. There are besides flags and other suitable accessories. A transparency of 22 feet by 13 feet, that was designed and painted by Mr Chevalier, was displayed outside Messrs Sands and McDougall's establishment. It may be thus described : — A triumphal arch, sup- ported by the Duke's and the colony's arms, and highly decorated with garlands of flowers, wreaths and ferns ; the royal barge just moored by cupids in the guise of sailors, and Victoria in the act of presenting the Prince with a laurel crown ; to the right and left Fame and Victory proclaiming his achievements, and cupids sounding musical instruments and hoisting the union jack ; in one corner a large group of elaborate flowers and fruit, and goblets of wine. At the Melbourne Exchange the initials P. A. blazed in gaslight with a large star be- tween them. At the establishment of Mr S. Moore, fruiterer, there was an illuminated de- sign of the Galatea, supported by Britannia and Victoria, and surmounted by a crown. Mr Adamson, seedsman, displayed the word Wel- come, in illuminated crimson letters on a gold ground, and in gas an anchor with the letters D. E. Messrs Greig and Murray had a trans- parency, by Mr Carter, measuring twelve feet by six feet, and representing the Australian arms, with the kangaroo and emu as the sup- porters. Outside the Australasian Insurance Com- pany's office there was another of Mr Che- valier's paintings. It is composed of the Ga- latea in full sail and firing a salute after entering the Heads ; accompanied by the flo- tilla. To the right and left are Britannia and Neptune comprised within an arch the top of which is ornamented with festoons of flowers. In the centre at the foot are the Prince's arms, and on each side the device adopted by the company. The Bank of Australasia was illuminated by a transparency 20 feet by 12 feet, the compo- sition of which is a classical medallion portrait of the Prince, surrounded with English oak wreaths and supported by Commerce with Horn of Plenty, and maritime navigation with the Dolphin; below the royal crown, with maritime attributes, and the duke's motto. Mr Che- valier is the artist. More to the eastern side of the front there was a crown in gas that mea- sured 12 feet wide and 12 feet in height. The Commercial Bank of Melbourne had their transparencies above their offices. In the centre one there was an illustration of com- merce, 15 ft. high ; the one to the right was the Duke's arms, and that to the left the royal arms. On a flagstaff seventy feet high above the parapet was shown under the union jack the Galatea's number in the naval code. In each of the four windows of the New South Wales Insurance Company's offices there was a brilliant pyramid of light. The London Chartered Bank was effectively lighted up by a design in transparency, the work of Mr Chevalier. It represents the Prince received under a triumphal arch by Vic- toria presenting an address, followed by Com- merce, Prosperity and Plenty, with useful Mercury and his caduceus in attendance. To the left are four heralds, in the Beefeaters' costume, proclaiming the arrival of the Duke, while some cupids in front strew the path of H.R.H. with flowers. The usual welcome-cup and fruit are displayed in a side arch. In the distance there is a state barge, and the Galatea with yards manned ; and the whole is sur- mounted by the London arms. The Australian Fire Company adopted for its device the royal arms between the kangaroo and emu, and at the one side of the shield was the Prince and at the other Britannia. Over Mr Stubbs's auction room there was a trans- parency representing, seemingly, the Galatea under the protection of Britannia, and at the Hobart Town and Launceston Marine In- surance Company's office there was a sunlight in gas jets, with the letter A in the centre of the disc. At the office of the Chief Commis- sioner of Insolvency, at one side of a star there was a crown surmounting an anchor, and at the other the royal arms. From the front of the Australian Provident Mutual So- ciety's office a large sunlight shone out ; and above the offices of Mr Duerden, solicitor, there was a star. A transparency, 12 feet by 8 feet, that was designed and painted by Mr Farquhar, one of the company's officers, was displayed above the Southern Assurance Company's offices. In the centre was the Lion of Scotland, as in the second quarter of the royal shield, sur- mounted by the crown. At each side there was an anchor ; above all, the mariner's com- pass; below, the rose, thistle and shamrock, in scroll work; and at the foot, the Scotch national motto, Nemo me impune lacessit. Scott's Hotel was illuminated by a trans- parency, 20 feet by 12 feet, designed and painted by Mr Chevalier, and also by gas lights. The painting represented a royal barge, the Prince just landed, and received on a portico, oramented with ferns and figures, by Vic- toria, who presents an address received from the hands of a cupid ; other cupids carry the Duke's arms, and present him with the wel- come goblet and fruit. The display in gas con- sisted of a crown above the word Wel- come, and two stars at each side of the crown. On the Collins-street front of the European Assurance Company's office, a large trans- parency was displayed. The subject of the centre piece was the fable of Jupiter and the Waggoner, and it was carried out in a literal manner, the god being seen enthroned among the clouds on high Olympus, the mortal invok- ing his assistance far below, and the waggon itself "stuck" near at hand. In an inscrip- tion shown above, Jupiter replies to the wag- goner "Help thyself." To the right and left are domestic scenes of comfort and ease, and of wretchedness and misery, consequent upon provident or improvident habits of husbands. The painting is 20 feet by 12, and was executed by Mr Chevalier. The extensive front of Messrs J. H. Clough and Co.'s stores was well lighted with nume- rous devices in gas. At the top there was a large star, and below it a crown of correspond- ing proportions. Below this a large arch was formed by a line of light, within which there was an anchor above the initial letters A.D.E. ; outside the arch and well to the right and left were the letters V. and R. No attempt at effective illumination was made at the Spencer-street Railway Station. A crown in gas was the only illuminated device that was to be seen there from Collins-street. Mr Camaby, tailor, had a crown above an anchor ; Messrs Berghoft and Touzel, and also Messrs Kasner and Moss, lines of light along the cornices of their buildings; Messrs Law Brothers, transparencies of the Galatea in the centre, the royal arms on the right and the Australian on the left. Messrs Gemmell, Tuckett and Co. had a large transparency up, but as the design was not very intelligible it is better not to hazard an explanation. At the Clarence Hotel, there was a small transparency in each of the seven upper win- dows. These were : 1st, the Galatea, Nep- tune's barge and the steersman or driver of it standing up and crying out, "Hail, Galatea, Welcome;" 2nd, portrait of the Prince in his uniform ; 3rd, the Prince's arms ; 4th, the Galatea ; 5th, Australian arms ; 6th, arms of the City of Edinburgh ; 7th, a ship above a Scotch crown. The front of Messrs Briscoe and Co.'s es- tablishment was very attractively illuminated by devices in gas jets and transparencies. Of the former there was a crown between two stars, and of the latter a portrait of the Prince at one side of Britannia, and at the other some aborigines looking out at the Galatea approach- ing the Australian shore. Mr W. Detmold had lines of light along the cornices. Mr Hill, druggist, a crown above anchor. Messrs Whitney, Chambers and Co. had a transparency in each of their nine upper windows. The first was the Galatea ; the se- cond, the star of the Garter ; the third, star of K.C.B. ; the fourth, star of the Thistle ; the fifth, star of St. Patrick ; the sixth, star of St. George ; the seventh, the Victorian star ; the eighth, Britannia ; and the ninth a portrait of the Prince. Each of these representations measured 8 ft. 6 in. by 4 ft. 6 in., and they were all remarkably well executed. There was also a bright light in each of the several openings of the parapet. FLINDERS-STREET. On the front of Messrs Sargood, King and Sargood's stores there were ten stars in a line from the one end to the other of the buildings. At the Port Phillip Club Hotel there were lines of light along the two cor- nices. The Peninsular and Oriental Company had a transparency representing the Galatea entering the Heads, and the Geelong, one of the company's vessels, going out and dipping her flags. There was a pretty fair view of Queenscliff, and the details of the device were worked out with some attention. The motto is the company's — "Nisi Dominus Frustra;" and underneath the design was another motto, "Quis Separabit?" At the railway station there was a large and elaborate transparency, the signification of which is expressed by the inscription above, Victoria Welcomes the Sons of Enterprise and Genius. The sentiment is cosmopolitan, but in the design it has a special and compli- mentary application. Victoria, with her left arm resting on her shield, and attended by Neptune and the Graces with chaplets, wel- comes the Prince, upon whose head the foremost nymph is placing a laurel crown. The picture to the right is filled up with persons waiting on H.R.H. or in his suite, and in the distance is seen shipping and the Galatea. At the Harvest Home Hotel there was a star with a good reflector. The Custom House is one of the Govern- ment buildings upon the illumination of which it was thought unnecessary to ex- pend much money; but the effect pro- duced by the rather moderate display made there was nevertheless pretty good. The pediment of the building was treated as finished, and there was in the centre of it a trans- parency in glass (15 feet by 9 feet) of a female figure representing, by means of the accesso- ries by which she was surrounded, Commerce and Industry. At the Yarra Family Hotel there was a sun- light with anchor on the disc ; at Antonio's diningrooms, a star ; at the Royal Highlander Hotel, a star with the initial A. in the centre ; at the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel, a star; at the Portuguese Restaurant, a crown and star ; at the shop of Mr George Stookes, butcher, sunlight and A. ; and at the Hotham Hotel, an anchor between V. and R. FLINDERS-LANE. The front of the Hen and Chickens' Hotel was illuminated by a star ; Messrs A. and R. Jack's by a sun-light ; the establishment of Messrs J. and G. Davison, brassfounders, by a crown in gas lights ; the premises of Messrs McNaughton, Love and Co., by a sun-light ; and the printing office of Messrs Mason and Firth, also by a sun-light, with the initial letter A. On the store of Messrs Bright Brothers, there was a transparency, showing upon a banner the Prince's arms on one shield, and an emu on another ; grouped around the centre device were maritime emblems. Before Messrs De- graves's stores there was an eagle with out- stretched wings, and "Welcome Prince Alfred" at the foot. ELIZABETH- STREET. The City Arms Hotel, at the corner of Latrobe-street, displayed the arms of Victoria. Mr Scarlett, at the opposite corner, had a very fair transparency. Mr R. Turner had in gas the words "Welcome our Sailor Prince." Messrs J. B. Smith and Co., leather merchants, had an illuminated beehive, around which was the appropriate motto "Nothing is won with- out industry," and underneath, "Welcome Alfred." Mr James Wood had a very pass- able transparency. Towards Lonsdale-street there were a variety of illuminations, the most conspicuous amongst which were those dis- played by Messrs Lawrance and Adams, Mr Risk, Mr Burns, and T. Loader and Co. At Grimwood's Rose, Thistle and Shamrock Hotel, there were four transparencies, one in each of the upper windows, consisting of an artilleryman, ramrod in hand, Prince Alfred, the Galatea and a volunteer. Mr Norman had an illumination of the Galatea, the surroundings being very much like the last scene of a pan- tomime. Mr Walter Draper exhibited a gas star with the letters A.E.A.; and Mr J. H. Jennings a star with a crown in the centre. The illuminations at the Post Office seemed to attract perhaps the largest share of public attention of any in the city. And this result was attained by a simple but judicious disposal of the light employed for the purpose. Erected close to the kerbing on the Bourke-street side of the building there were nine posts, and in the same position before the Elizabeth- street face of it there were nineteen posts. These posts were all at an equal distance one from the other, and uniformly on each there were thirteen globe lights, twelve of them on so many horizontal brackets of ornamental design, and the thirteenth in the centre raised above the others. Each post was garlanded with evergreens, and from one to the other de- pended two festoons of light obtained by minute gas jets, and lower still grace- fully hung two festoons of evergreens. From the numerous gasaliers on the posts a strong but mildly toned flood of light was shed over the two front elevations of the building, and thus all their more prominent and salient features were brought out in bold relief, and all the decorative parts of the de- sign, even to the most minute particulars, were seen as though they were examined with a lens that defined their lines with ex- traordinary clearness. The windows of the building were draped with crimson cloth, and this, as may be imagined, added materially to the effect produced. From numerous ves- sels placed at regular distances around the parapet ascended high upwards bright flames, thus dispelling darkness above as well as below; and this had one good effect, expos- ing clearly to view the large dome at the eas- tern end of the building, which gives to it its renaissance character. In the openings below the clock faces in the tower there was in one a large and admirably executed trans- parency of her Majesty, and in the other an equally good one of his Royal Highness in his naval uniform. The blaze of light was positively overpower- ing, and the magnitude of the whole may be better conceived when we say that 5038 gas jets shed their light over the neighborhood of the building, accompanied by the light from the torches on the top of the building and those in the interior. The contractor who fitted up the appliances for this exhibition was Mr Wm. Brealy, of St. Kilda, acting under the immediate superintendence of Mr Knight. The Colonial Wine Vaults, on the opposite side, as also the premises of Mr Lipshut, to- bacconist, showed a star in gas with a double cross in the centre; and in front of the pre- mises were hung variously colored lamps varying in shape. At Barry's Spanish Hotel a transparency was exhibited re- presenting Erin leaning on a harp, with the inscription, "Cead Mille Failthe." At Wil- liams's Dining Booms, two small transparen- cies, with inscriptions, "Long Live the Queen," and "Welcome, Prince Alfred." At the Butchers' Arms Hotel, a transparency, 13 feet by 9 feet, the work of Mr. Robins, Swanston- street. It represented Neptune in a car, drawn by three seahorses, accompanied by a naiad riding on a dolphin, waiting to guide the Galatea to Victoria. Below is a device emblematic of Great Britain and Victoria, with the flags of all nations surrounding, and the inscription "Victoria Welcomes our Royal Prince." At the premises of Messrs McDonald and Co. was a large star in gas, with smaller stars within, above the letters A. D. E., surmounted by a harp. At the ware- houses of Messrs James McEwan and Co. were to be seen several transparencies on glass, prepared by Messrs Ferguson, Urie and Lyon. One contained a large figure of Britan- nia, with an anchor, supported by sea- horses, below and above cherubs carrying scrolls, with the word "Welcome." The whole surrounded by a border of flowers. In another the Duke's shield, and in another the star of the Order of the Thistle. At the establishment of Mr Robertson was a very ex- cellent transparency, the work of M. Chevalier. The subject of illustration was Prince Alfred, seated in a car, being met by Victoria. The car is represented as being drawn by Victoria's children, who are harnessed to it by flower wreaths. The children are led by a youth in Royal Stuart tartan, and some of them are scattering flowers in the path, and others carrying banners. At the side of the car are allegorical figures representing literature, archi- tecture, sculpture and painting. An illustration of the Post Office, with the royal standard floating from the top occupied the back ground. This picture attracted more than a usual share of attention. The Colonial Bank was brightly lit up in every window, and displayed in front a large transparency, in the shape of a likeness of the Prince. Other gas illuminations were also exhibited at various parts of of the build- ing. At the London Tavern was ex- hibited a gas illumination, with the letters D.E., also in gas. The Age office exhibited a large star, lit up with gas. Mr Spence, watch- maker, had a transparency of Britannia, a lion at her feet and a ship in the distance, sur- mounted by two crowns, the one bearing the letters P. A., and the other D. E. At the Albion Restaurant, a transparency twelve feet by nine, having in the centre the arms of the city of Edinburgh within a circle, the two stars of the Garter and Thistle, and a cross below surmounted by a regal crown. The whole was surrounded with flags of all nations and an in- scription, "Welcome our Royal Prince." Messrs R. Bowman and Co. exhibited three small transparencies, the centre one a crown, that to the right the Galatea, and the one to the left the inscription "Our Sailor Prince." Mr Smythers, family wine and spirit mer- chant, had a star; Mr. H. Brooks, star and A. D. E. below; Mr J. Bloomington, a trans- parency representing Britannia and Australia shaking hands, and the motto, "Fast Friends;" the Duke of Rothesy Hotel, a crown; Weaver and Co., the Duke's arms; the Railway Hotel, the inscription "Victoria Welcomes to Victoria's son"; Messrs . W. P. White and Co., a transparency of of the flags of Messrs Money, Wigram and Co., the Black Ball line and of the Australian Steam Navigation Company, grouped within an illu- minated border, with these flags and others, hung outside the office. The Liverpool, Lon- don and Globe Insurance Company had a Brunswick star ten feet in diameter, with flam- beaux on parapet and lines of light round the top cornice. At each side of the crown there was a handsome grouping of flags, and below these in gilt letters, "God Save the Queen." Messrs Nankivell and Co. had a Brunswick star, surmounted by the letter "A." The transparency in front of Messrs R. and W. Aitkin's flour-mills, Elizabeth-street north, is creditably painted in oil, and represents the arms of the Duke of Edinburgh, with a wheat sheaf underneath, the latter being supported by an emu and a kangaroo. The motto is, "Welcome, Royal Duke." SWANSTON-STREET. Messrs C. and J. Ham had a star ; Mr Cross, coffee roaster, a crown in sunlight and "Wel- come Duke" below; Mr Felton, wholesale druggist, a large sunlight; Mr Thos. Taylor, of the Yorkshire Provision Store, three trans- parencies— one of the Galatea, in the centre, on the right the Australian Arms, with "Wel- come, Alfred, son of Albert the Good," and on the left the royal arms, with "Happiness to our Good Queen's Son"; Messrs Batchelder and O'Neil had a star ; the Collingwood Gas Company, a sunlight ; Mr Bignell, butcher, a sunlight ; Messrs Wilcox and Gibb, a sunlight ; the Queen's Arms Hotel, a star; Mr Robt. Walker, a star; Messrs McEwan and Co., a crown between the initial letters A. E.; Mr Grant, of the Crystal Palace Hotel, a portrait of the Prince ; and Messrs Lyall and Brown, spirit merchants, a crown. Mr De Dollon had in front of his colonial wine establishment a transparency illustrating the good under- standing that subsists between England and France. Supporting the royal arms are an English and French soldier, and above there is a statue on a pedestal, which we interpreted as Peace. Grouped round the figure are English and French national flags. At the Free- masons' Hotel the royal shield was supported by Victoria and Britannia, each surrounded by emblematical accessories. At Mr Mooney's Hotel, at the corner of Flinders-street, there was a portrait of the Prince, supported by lion and unicorn, with figures of Art and Science to the right and left, and the motto, "Welcome our Royal Duke." The Fishmarket was gaily dressed with flags, and had a large transparency, by Mr Campbell, on the front facing east. The design is Nep- tune conveying the Duke of Edinburgh to the shores of Victoria. The marine deity is sup- posed to have charge of H.R.H., and conveys him, accompanied by his attendant tritons, safely across the waters of his dominions. The Prince is seen in an enormous nautilous shell, which is attached to Neptune's car, also repre- sented as a shell, and drawn by sea-horses, tritons leading and guiding them. Over- head Fame heralds the royal visitor's ap- proach, and behind Tritons are seen sound- ing their trumpets. The nymphs of the Australian waters hurry forward through the waves to welcome the Duke, and water deities are seen to the left holding watch from the rocks upon the coast, to guard against danger to H.R.H. On shore Victoria, with extended arms, expresses welcome ; an oak crown behind is significant of the enthusiasm of the people, and cupids in the air tell our love and loyalty, while an ornamental canopy and tent indicate hospitality. On the side of the building facing Fiinders-street, there was a large crown with the letters A.E.A. in cypher below. The Public Library was partially lighted up with a coat of arms in gas. The Manchester Unity Hall on the opposite side of the road displayed a brilliant star in gas with P. A. in the centre, and underneath a transparency of large dimensions, showing the emblem of the order to advantage. At the corner of Lons- dale-street there were sundry small trans- parencies and gas jets, but nothing of any note. At Smith's Star Hotel, a star in gas. At Mr Gason's, stationer, star in crystal, with the motto, "God bless our Gracious Queen." Mr Cohen's, situated next door, was brilliantly de- corated with colored lamps. The remaining part of Swanston-street, until reaching Bourke- street, was decorated with small transparencies and gas illuminations. At Cleal's Hotel was a large star in gas, with the letter A on each side. At Garton's Hotel was a very taste- fully designed large star, bearing the letters A. E. A. in centre, and the word "Welcome." At Brown's Earl of Zetland Hotel was a large transparency, in the centre of the building, re- presenting the Galatea. Gas illuminations flanked it on each side, surmounted by stars and crowns, also in gas. At Clement's Dining Rooms, a large anchor in gas, with stars on each end of the stock. At the Maritime and General Credit Company of Australia, a large star in gas, with A in the centre. At Brown's Exchange Hotel, a transparency, fronting the centre window, with a bust of the Prince in naval uniform, sur- mounted by a crown. A motto "Victoria Welcome's Alfred." The remaining windows on each side were illuminated with perforated colored designs. The County and Police Courts were treated in a style different from any in the neighborhood. The arches leading into the piazza were draped with imitations of red curtains, having in front variously-colored lamps. Messrs Ford and Co., exhibited the Coburg Arms. A very fine illumination was exhibited at the Town Hall, and one which attracted a considerable number of spectators during the evening. The design consists of a base- ment line supporting four pilasters with an entablature and blocking above the latter sur- mounted by a large royal crown. Between the two central pilasters are the Duke's arms, and supporters measuring about 21 feet in height with a corresponding breadth. Between the first and second pilasters on the north is the dipthong Æ, and on the south between the third and fourth pilasters the letter A is placed. These letters measure 9 feet high by 15 feet broad. In the frieze of the entablature is the inscrip- tion "God save the Queen" in letters two feet three inches high. The whole of the work embraces a space of 74 by 53 feet. The Crown was executed by the Corporation plumber from drawings by Mr Vine, of the City Surveyor's department. The whole of the other work was executed by Mr Ambrose Wordsworth, of Swanston-street, from full-sized drawings by Mr John Campbell, under the supervision of the City Surveyor. A transparent illustration designed and painted by M. Chevalier was displayed above the lower cornice of the London Scottish and Australian Bank. It comprised three colossal figures of Britannia, Scotland and Australia, with a panoramic view of Edinburgh in the background. In this Calton-hill with Nelson's monument was taken in, and also the monuments of Burns, Dougald Stewart, Mel- ville and others. The most conspicuous ob- jects were Sir Walter Scott's monument and the School of Arts. The painting was com- pleted by the Duke's and the Australian arms. We have also to mention that Mr William Tocknell, engineer, of 41 Swanston-street, displayed in one of his windows a handsome revolving star, which, as a novelty, was much admired. LONSDALE- STREET. At Mr E. T. Wilson's private residence there was a small gas star above the doorway, and extending across the front of the house were two arches lighted with colored lamps. The Black Eagle Hotel displayed a gas star. Mr H. Cornwall had two small transparencies, one being a star and the other a portrait of the Prince. Lucas's Family Hotel showed a por- trait of the Prince, with a soldier on one side and on the other a sailor. The Reefers' Hotel had four small colored paper transparencies, with anchor and crown on each. Mr J. Robertson, dyer, exhibited a large transparency, which is supposed to be a view of Balmoral Castle, Scot- land; and Mr R. Hammond and the Prince of Wales Hotel had each a gas star. The Beehive Hotel had the British coat of arms. The Cross Keys Hotel exhibited an illuminated bust of the Prince, and also a large gas star with a concave glass reflector behind the centre portion of it. Mr Goby had a gas crown with the letters P.A. and D.E, Phillips's boarding- house had a transparency in one of the windows ; Messrs S. Solomon and Co. a gas star. Mr Rosengren had the front of his house gaily decorated with flowers, and a full- length painting of the Prince. At the Protho- notary's office a gas crown was lighted. Mr E. Renan had an allegorical trans- parency. At St. Francis's Cathedral a large gas cross was lit, and owing to the trees which surround the building, the effect was good. Sinclair's Hotel displayed a gas star with the letter A in the centre. At Mr J. Mactier's warehouse there were three small transparencies showing the Queen, the British coat of arms and the Prince. Mr C. Shellgrove lit up a large allegorical transparency. Mr C. Day had a transparency of the Galatea, with the Duke of Edinburgh's coat of arms on the top of the transparency, and on some scroll work at the foot were the words "Welcome Sailor Prince." At Rigby's Council Club there was a gas star, with a small anchor in the centre, and the letters D.E. on each side. Over the entrance to the office of Public Works there was a glass transparency, the subject being a crown. Erected on the veran- dah of Tankard's Temperance Hotel was a large transparency, the subject being of the allegorical character in vogue. The British and American boarding-house had a paint- ing representing the Galatea in full sail, evidently passing the Williamstown light-house. A novel and beautiful series of exhibitions were made by Messrs Vazie Simons and T. Francis on the premises of the Victoria Water Supply Department, Lonsdale-street west, near the corner of William- street. A very large electric light, believed to be the largest ever exhibited in the colony, was displayed. Its rays were directed all round the horizon in alternating hues, so as to distinguish it from other lights of the kind. The flood of light was concen- trated in turn on all the preminent objects around. There was also exhibited an illu- minated cascade. A picturesque piece of imitation rockery was erected in the recess in front of the offices, and from the summit fell jets of water resembling a cascade. The elec- tric light was so thrown into the water as to present the appearance of streams of molten metal, the light dissipating itself in scin- tillations on the surface of a pool be- low. The scenic effects were got up by the officers of the department. Messrs Stevenson and Elliot, coachbuilders, had four large and beautiful transparencies, which were successfully lit up. On the front of the show-rooms, facing King-street, is the full armorial bearings (in murical design) of H.R.H. the. Duke of Edinburgh; on either side, on a highly ornamental escrol, is the motto "Thrice welcome Royal Prince." The second picture, also facing King-street, is the Australian coat of arms with the expressive motto "Advance Australia;" surrounding this, painting on an escrol is the inscription "God bless the Queen." In the front facing Lons- dale- street the remaining two illuminations are placed, the first consisting of a portrait of H.R.H. supported on either side by two large anchors, round which a ribbon is entwined on which is the motto, "Victoria welcomes Vic- toria's son." The remaining picture is the coat of arms of the coach builders with the motto "Triumphant we bravely defend." The ballustrading of the building was illuminated with numerous Chinese lamps. QUEEN-STREET. In Queen-street north, from Latrobe-street to Lonsdale-street, the illumination at the offices of the Mining Department was a gem and a success, the subject being a royal crown surrounded by a wreath of leaves which were connected at the base by a true lover's knot. The only other noticeable feature in this por- tion of the street was the offices of the Board of Agriculture, above which the royal arms were displayed. The premises of Mr J. Thomson had a small transparency of a crown; Abraham, optician, gas star. The Harp of Erin Hotel, a harp in gas. At the Temple Court Hotel was pre- sented a gas illumination of an anchor, sur- mounted by the letter A. Further on Mr Kerr, butcher, exhibited a transparency, painted on glass, consisting of the royal arms surmounted by an anchor, and the in- scription "Long live Prince Alfred. Below were representations of the rose, thistle and shamrock, and springing from each side flags of different nations. At the London and Lancashire Insurance Company's office was a transparency which seemed to attract consider- able attention, and the office of Messrs Lang and Co. showed a large double star in gas. The Queen Fire and Life Insurance Com- pany had three remarkably handsome glass transparencies in front of their offices. The centre one was a full length figure of the Queen, the frame of which was 15 feet by 10 feet. That to the right was the arms of the City of Edinburgh, and that to the left was the royal arms. Above all was the imperial crown. The Southern Insurance Company made an effective display. In a transparency, 20 feet by 12 feet, by Mr Carter, the Prince, sitting beside the god himself, is in Neptune's car, drawn by sea-horses, and followed by mer- maids. From the Galatea in the background, H.R.H. is being conducted by the ocean god to Queenscliff, which is seen clearly on the left hand, and Point Nepean less distinctly on the right. A transparency of a full-length figure of the Prince was displayed in front of Messrs Bell, Brace and Co.'s offices. The Australian Mort- gage and Finance Company had a crown between two stars ; and before Messrs Samuel House and Co.'s premises was "God bless our Sailor Prince" in transparent letters. At the Vic- torian Sugar Company's store there was a portrait of her Majesty ; around were grouped flags, and outside it to the right and also to the left was a star in gas. On the transparency, below the portrait, were the royal arms, sup- ported by a kangaroo and emu. Dickson, Williams and Co.'s place of business was illu- minated by a large sun-light. The Oriental Bank was brilliantly illuminated with lines of light round the pediment, the capitals, and all the more salient points of the architecture of the building. Festooned round the columns were spiral lines of lights, which showd their handsome proportions with excel- lent effect. KING-STREET. Proceeding along this street from north to south, we come to the premises of Mr Roberts, butcher, who exhibited an anchor, with the word "Welcome." The Plough Inn displayed a small star in gas. On the opposite side of the street, at Byrne's Railway Hotel, is a trans- parency comprising an Irish harp, surmounted by a royal crown, with the inscription "Cead Mille Failthe.' From thence to that part of the street intersected by Collins-street, stars and anchors and other devices in gas were ex- hibited. MARKET-STREET. The illuminations at the Melbourne Savings Bank were very simple, but the building was richly decorated with banners round the parapet. On the front facing Market-street there was a sunlight, and also one on the side to the Western Market. At the angle of the building over the entrance there was a crown above an anchor. These several devices were in gaslight. WILLIAM-STREET. The houses on the west side as far as Lonsdale-street were nearly all lighted up with candles, the Railway Offices having all the windows lighted after this fashion. Bedford House, Mr. Hanna's residence, and also the residence of Dr. Cutts, each presented a gay appearance with the aid of numerous candles and Chinese lamps of variegated color and design. At the offices of Messrs Lorimer, Marwood and Rome and Messrs Holmes, White and Co. was exhibited a transparency consisting of a line-of-battle ship and a representation of the Galatea. In the windows were small transpa- rencies consisting of the royal arms, the Glasgow arms, and the arms of the Duke of Edinburgh. At Barton's Hotel was a large transparency 16 feet by 14. The Duke is represented step- ping on shore and a ship is seen in the dis- tance. Meeting the Prince on the shore is a sailor, accompanied by an aboriginal, who offers the Prince a bottle of colonial wine. Proceeding onwards follows the house of the Italian consul, brilliantly illuminated with lamps internally and externally. St. James Church and manse were also illuminated, and the bells rang a merry peal. At the office of Messrs R. Towns and Co. was exhibited a star in gas with the letter A in the centre. The Telegraph Office was illuminated with the voltaic electric light, which, we may ex- plain for the benefit of some of our readers, is generated by the combustion of carbon between two points through which the electric current flows. The flow is regulated by electro-mag- netism, and chiefly upon skilful and watchful management in this matter depends the steadi- ness and brilliancy of the light obtained. The light was exhibited from the top of the building, and upon a revolving stand, by means of which the rays were directed at pleasure to any particular point of the horizon. The whole of the appa- ratus for this and the other electric lights dis- played in the city by the Reception Commis- sion, were manufactured in the colony. The electro-plating and burnishing of the reflectors was done by Mr Watts, of Stephen-street, and Messrs Dykes and Edwards executed the copper work. Mr S. Kilton, the instrument fitter to the Astronomical Observatory, prepared all the brass work, and effected some improvement in the practical details connected with the apparatus. At the Sydney Hotel there was a transparency of the Galatea in full sail, under the British arms at one side and the Australian arms at the other; above, the inscription "Long live Alfred and the British Navy," and at the foot, "Welcome to Melbourne." Mr Masterton exhibited three transparencies. That in the centre was a representation of the Galatea; on the right was a portrait of her Majesty, and on the left the Prince. These transparencies were well executed, and had a good share of pleased spectators. RUSSELL-STREET. Mr G. Bradshaw's place of business was decorated with evergreens and flags, the roof being lighted with tar-pots. Mr S. Jacobson had a small transparency representing the Queen. Messrs Alcock and Co.'s illumination united business with loyalty, it consisting of the British coat of arms resting on a billiard table. At the Trades Hotel and Mr A. Elaret's, there were small gas stars. The Baptist chapel had a portrait of the Queen, and the military offices a starlight. At the Golden Fleece Hotel a large trans- parency, painted by Mr Hancook, was ex- hibited. It is a welcome in English and Ger- man to the Prince. In the centre is a re- presentation of the Galatea, having on one side the royal arms of England, and on the other the arms of Coburg Gotha. The inscription is "Wellkommen init deinem koniglichen Bofehlshaber" (welcome with your kingly com- mander. The building was well decorated with colored lamps, suspended from the verandah and other parts. The premises of Messrs Campi were decorated with a transparency, having the Galatea in the centre, and a kangaroo on one side and an emu on the other. The inscrip- tion was "Welcome Prince Alfred," the whole surrounded with a border of flowers and flags. Colored lamps were also suspended round the verandah. At the promises of Mr Sitch was a large star in gas in front of an enamelled re- flector, with royal arms in centre. Mr Anard exhibited a transparency, being Britannia holding a bust of the late Prince Consort, resting on a lion couchant surmounted by a crown. At Banst's Italian warehouse was a transparency in colored glass, having in the centre a gothic star surmounted by a gothic crown and the word "Welcome," and below, the rose, shamrock and thistle, and the letters P. A.. Above this glass transparency, which was a fine one, was another transparency of the royal arms of Great Britain ; the other parts of the building were gaily decorated with colored lamps. Mr Powell, watchmaker, exhibited a clock with a double scroll border in gas. One or two small gas stars and trans- parencies and colored lamp decorations were exhibited also at this part of the street. The Volunteer offices were decorated with a star. SPENCER-STREET. At the Railway Station were exhibited two royal crowns, in gas. These, we understand, were designed and made by members of the department. On the opposite side of the street, the Sailors' Home was lit up in each window. The illumination of this place was internal, and consisted of candles placed in a pyramidal shape. The number, in the aggre- gate, was two hundred and eighty, and over the porch was a transparency (Carter's patent), with the representation of a ship. This trans- parency was, we understand, a presentation from Mr Peter Curwen, who, it will be recol- lected, presented the institution with £500 some short time ago. BOURKE-STREET. If the people af Melbourne cannot point to anything in the shape of old association in connection with their city, they have at all events shown that they are able to cope with cities the names of which are old in history, in giving a princely welcome to their Sovereign's son. "What shall be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honor?" was the question of Ahasuerus to his minister, and the answer was, substantially, that he should be led in triumph "through the streets of the city." But neither king nor kaiser could give such a triumphal reception to those whom they delight to honor as the welcome which flows spontaneously from the uncontrolled enthusiasm of a free people. The grandeur of the public reception on Monday, great as it undoubtedly was, would have been without a fitting sequel if the illuminations of Tuesday evening had been dispensed with. The loyalty of the people could be better judged by the character of their illuminations than by the mere fact of their gathering to see the Prince on his passage through the streets. In the latter case the people were passive spectators in a grand spec- tacle, without personal expense or trouble, but in the former they were the actual exhibitors of a grand spectacle, and one the result of much expense and anxiety and trouble to them. It will be impossible to give in detail an account of each and every feature of the great illumi- nation of Tuesday night. Looked at from a distance, the city had a very fine appear- ance. No single design was seen, but the combined effect of the whole was to cast upwards a blaze of light which threw each tower and spire prominently into view, and produced an ever-varying and pecu- liar effect of light and shade. But it was in the streets where the finest features of the spectacle were to be seen and enjoyed. The air seemed to pulsate with light, and the mingling of differently colored rays formed a very wonderful and harmonious effect. The crowds of well-dressed and orderly people too formed another feature of that evening which will not be soon forgot by those who had the good fortune to witness it. To stand near to some prominent illumination or transparency and watch the different expressions in the up- turned faces of members of the crowd, was in itself a delightful sensation. And the differ- ence of expression as seen in the various single faces was not a whit more marked than the difference of expression produced in the aggregate by the fluctuations of the lights and the heaving to and fro of the swaying restless crowd. Pictures after the style of Gustave Dore were plentiful, but the pictures were living realities. There were moments when something weird would come over the aspect of the crowd, and ere time sufficient had passed to enable one to grasp and examine the fancy, the thing would have gone and a ripple of light would dispel the half darkness, and change the whole aspect of the crowd and the feeling of the onlooker. In the main streets the principal number of the spectators congregated, but it would be hard to say which special effort of the night claimed the greater admiration of the crowd. The Treasury, the Post Office, the Town Hall and the various banks and public buildings had each and all their admirers in turn. At Edouin's Imperial Hotel, was a trans- parency in the shape of a frame carrying two trophies of escutcheons, with flags within a border of rose, thistle and shamrock intertwined with oak leaves and the inscription "Welcome to Alfred." Within this transparency in the centre is an anchor and star in crystal, and the whole is backed by a star and thistle of gold and silver. This illumination was unique and successful. Mr Higginbotham, wig maker, exhibited a transparency representing Fame, with the inscription "Victoria Welcome's Victoria's son." Above the door inside was a crystal star, and in the front of the premises were suspended colored lanterns. At the Victoria Wine Vaults was an illumina- tion of colored lamps worked into a design re- presenting a bunch of grapes and vine leaves. The next transparency was that by Mr Hickey, picture-frame maker, representing the Governor of the colony welcoming the Prince, in which the likenesses of both were rather better than common. At the premises of Mr Cunliff was a transparency of the Prince in uniform, stand- ing on a ship's deck, and on other parts of the premises stars, &c.; At the premises of Messrs R. Lorimer and Co. was a large transparency representing the Galatea steaming up the Bay. On the one side a soldier in Highland costume, carrying the Scottish ensign, and on the other a sailor of the Galatea carrying the union jack. On one side of the medallion containing the Galatea is a representation of commerce, with the motto, "Honi soit qui mal y pense" and on the other a representation of plenty, with Edinburgh Castle above, and the motto, "Nisi Dominus frustra." This transparency was the work of Messrs Gillet and Arthur. At the shop of Mr Hilton was a per- forated illumination. Mr Petty exhibited a large transparency of a native corroboree, with the royal arms and the letters A.V.A., and a star in gas. At the Bendigo Hotel were stars and crown in gas. At Mr L. L. Smith's pre- mises was a large transparency representing a lion, with the motto, "Who will dare to tread on his tail?" Mr Newing exhibited a transparency with the letter A and an anchor and a portrait of the Duke. At Benson's Hotel there were three transparencies, with inscriptions, representing the arms of the City of Edinburgh, the royal standard and a fancy design consisting of naval trophies. The London Chartered Bank of Australia had a large crown in gas, with the letters A.E.A. below. Above the shop of Mr B. Lee, was a large transparency of her Ma- jesty, with the inscription "God Bless Her." At the Garrick's Head Hotel was a large transparency representing the British lion resting on a union jack with the words "True to the Core" underneath, the work of Mr W. Pitt. At the Market Hotel a bust of the Prince with the inscription "Wel- come the Prince." At the premises of Mr Skinner a crystal curtain draped with red and white, surrounded by colored lamps. In front were suspended beautifully colored bread baskets. This was a novel and very pretty illumination. At the place of business of Mr Pierce, hairdresser, was a large transparency representing the Galatea, with the inscription, "Welcome to our Sailor Prince," sailors on each side, and perforated and stars. The Great Eastern Diningrooms had in front a represen- tation of the Great Eastern steamship. Tip- per's Haymarket Hotel showed a crystal illu- minated star with crystal crosses on each side. Above the premises of Messrs Lesh and Dollon was a large transparency, representing the army and navy, with a figure of Fame above, and British lion and naval trophies. At J. M. Hansen's drapery establishment a transparency of Bri- tannia, a ship in the distance, and the letters A. A. and anchors. At the Felix Hotel was a transparency containing full-length representa- tion of the Prince in naval uniform, with the motto "Honor to whom honor is due." Nume- rous colored lamps were also suspended from various parts of the building. At Mr Stan- ford's premises a very tasteful display was made. 0n the second floor the windows were stained red, having in each a circle of stars. On the third floor the same colored ground in the windows, with twelve stars in each. Surrounding the coping of the building ran an illuminated band with lettering, and round and above the band a row of white stars. At Messrs Mears's drapery es- tablishment was a large transparency 17 by 9 feet of the Prince in a car with Neptune, being drawn by sea-horses. On one side a repre- tentation of Industry, on the other Commerce, with an inscription, "Victoria Welcomes Neptune's Favorite." Round the building in each window were smaller transparencies, nine in number, each bearing different representations and mottoes. The effect was very good. Mr Bennet exhibited a transparency, 32 feet broad by 12 deep, in three divisions. On the left was a life-size figure of her Majesty in state robes, with the inscription "God Bless the Queen." In the centre is a representation of the Galatea, with the words "Success to the Galatea" in a ribbon. On the right hand is a life-sized por- trait of the Prince in his uniform, with the motto "Welcome our Sailor Prince." The whole is ornamented with marine and naval trophies, and between each division is a coat of arms. The design was furnished by an employe of Mr Bennet, and was executed by Mr Watts, of Carlton. Colored lamps were suspended in front of Nissen's Cafe. The word "Alfred" in gas and colored lamps were exhibited at the Temple of Pomona. At Tattersall's was a crown in gas, surmounting the word "Tattersall's. At Sohier's Wax- works was a star in gas, with a reflector, and a row of gas lights running round the outside of the windows. At the City Buffet, Britannia, with the lion of England at her feet, the shield of St. George on her arm ; within a ribbon the inscription, "Alfred and the Navy, England's Pride and Glory." At Allan's Hotel a representation of the Queen and another of the Duke. The first bears the inscription "God Save the Queen," and the other "Welcome the Duke." At the Cafe de Paris, a large star with reflector. The Theatre Royal was decorated with a very fine transparency. It is twenty feet long by twelve feet deep. The central figures represent Aus- tralia in her barque drawn by the black swan and sea-horses, going out to welcome the Duke. On her shield and the sails of the vessel the Australian arms are emblazoned. In and around the vessel are cupids bearing the produce of the land. In the corners are allegorical figures, in cluding Fame and Nobility. The whole is sur- mounted by the words "Welcome Noble Prince to Australia's shores." At the bottom are the words "Australia's Greeting;" the ducal arms and coronet dividing the two words. At McDonald's Portrait Gallery was a trans- parency of St. George and the Dragon. At the Varieties was the word "Varieties," in gas, with a crown at each side. At Messrs Denis Brothers was a very pretty and taste- ful illumination formed by colored lamps and globes forming floral and other devices. At Hatton and Law's premises was a trans- parency of Britannia seated on a lion, accompanied by the figures of Plenty and Fame, with the word "Welcome" below. Mr Taylor exhibited a large transparency, representing Prince Alfred stepping on shore from his barge, being met by Victoria, who tenders him a crown, with the motto "Welcome, thou Royal Prince, Thy lore to us evince, Accept this Royal Crown." An allegorical figure accompanies Victoria. The North British Hotel had a transparency, being a bust of the Prince in a circle formed with coils of rope, bound with oak leaves and representations also of the Galatea and the St. George, the Prince's former ship. Mr Watmough exhibited a transparency measur- ing 40 feet by 12 feet. It is divided into three parts facing Bourke-street and Swanston- street and the angle between those streets. The centre division contains a representation of the Galatea entering the heads at Queenscliff, the word "Alfred" above and "Hail Galatea" below. On the division facing Swanston- street is a representation of Victoria with two diggers, one on each side, with the words "Plenty rewards labor" below. In the division facing Bourke- street is a repre- sentation of Victoria with a squatter on one side and a sailor on the other, and the motto "Prosperity, peace and happiness." The whole is suitably decorated and attracted con- siderable attention. At the promises of Messrs Sanders and Co. was the word "Leviathan" in gas, surmounted by a crown. At the establishment of Messrs Bennet and Kitchenham was a transparency with the Galatea in the centre, with Britannia on the one side and Victoria on the other; above is a bust of the Prince surmounted by a crown; on one side of the bust is an opossum, and on the other a lion. At the City Hall was exhibited three illuminated discs. Messrs Cookson and Brown had a large transparency, measuring 13 feet by 12, representing the royal arms of Scotland. At the Albion Hotel a large transparency, painted by Croft, was exhibited, measuring 20 by 18 ft. It represents the Prince stepping onshore from Neptune's car, and an aboriginal spreading at his feet a carpet with the word "Welcome" on the edge of it. Neptune is accompanied by his atten- dants, and one of them is represented as blow- ing a conch shell and holding aloft the royal standard. On the left side in the foreground is Britannia, with a shield-bearer on one side carrying St. George's shield, and a lion on the other. Victoria, accompanied by attendants, advances to receive the Prince. This picture is superior to the aver- age of transparencies in its neighborhood, and during the evening was the centre of at- traction to hundreds. Messrs Cobb and Co.: A transparency 12 ft. by 10 ft., representing Neptune driving the Prince in a shell chariot drawn by four sea-horses, while below are six horses driving a carriage with the Prince and Governor inside. These are surmounted by the Royal Arms. The car of Neptune is at- tended by sea nymphs, one of whom bears a ribbon having the word "Alfred" thereon. Messrs Jude and Co. exhibited a trans- parency of Britannia crowning the Prince with a wreath of laurel, the motto on a ribbon, amid floral decorations, "England expects every man to do his duty." Messrs Robertson and Moffat exhibited several fine figures in stained glass, representing the Queen and the royal arms. The stores of Messrs Goldsbrough and Co. were illuminated internally with 1600 candles, and numerous gas jets on the facade of the building. The Government stores were illumi- nated with candles and transparencies of ships and colored lamps. At the premises of Buckley and Nunn a transparency, Victoria leading the Prince by the hand, with royal arms on top, the work of Mr Allen. At Hosie's Scotch Pie-house a transparency of Calton-hill, Edinburgh, with the monuments of Nelson and Dugald Stewart and what exists of the National Monument; Calton gaol is also represented, and Salisbury Crags in the distance. At the premises of Messrs Johnston and O'Shannassy were the portraits in transparency of her Majesty, Prince Alfred and his Excellency the Governor; her Majesty is represented in state robes, the Prince as a post-captain, and the Governor in Windsor uniform. These transparencies were the work of Mr Johnston, and were very good portraits, with the exception of that of the Duke. They were got up in a superior style, and attracted a large share of public attention during the even- ing. At the premises of Mr Evans, the flag- maker, was a transparency, 22 feet by 12 feet— Neptune in a shell chariot drawn by sea-horses, surrounded by border of ropes; on one side the figure of the Prince, and on the other Britannia. The centre piece is supported by royal standard and Australian arms. Mr May's Crystal Palace, a transparency 34 feet by 18 feet, having in the centre portraits of the Prince and his Excellency the Governor, the Ga- latea batween. In the second division were two emus with the Australian arms above. In the third division were two kangaroos, sur- mounted by city arms. In addition, a large star nine feet six inches in diameter, with re- flector. At Menzies' Hotel was exhibited an illumination in gas. Every second-floor window in both fronts was lighted up ex- ternally with rayed and other stars carrying masonic devices. The interior was also brilliantly lighted up, and large crowds were throughout the evening attracted to the spot. This successful illumination was the work of Mr Inglis, of Little Collins-street. LITTLE BOURKE-STREET. Proceeding westwards from Spring-street, we can observe that various attempts have been made to show the loyal feelings of the inhabi- tants, as every short distance brings the spec- tator to some trifle or another in the way of a small transparency in the window, which very frequently consists of a portrait of H.R.H. or some such motto as "Welcome, Prince Alfred." The first transparency which attracted atten- tion is that over the Horse and Jockey Hotel, measuring about ten feet by six, having in the centre a bust of the Prince in naval uniform within a circular belt ornamented with scroll work. Above the bust is a ducal crown sup- ported on one side by the union jack and on the other by a flag bearing a white cross on a red ground. On one side of the transparency is a representation of a kangaroo and on the other an emu, while underneath is interwoven the rose, thistle, and shamrock, with an inscription, "Welcome to Victoria, our Sailor Prince." But it is not until reaching the Chinese quarters that anything like a combined effort has been made to illuminate. The Chinese, although belonging to different na- tions of China, had united to pay their tribute to the general welcome. A little distance west of Russell- street, beside the premises of Kong Meng and Co., a light arch with three divisions has been erected, having on its east central face an inscription in English, "Chinese Residents' Welcome to Prince Alfred." Surmounting the left division is the harp of Erin, while on the right are three lions passant. The inscription is tastefully written within a colored border. Surmounting the arch, in gas, is a regal crown within a star, having the 'letters A.E.A. underneath. Round the whole of the ellipse of the arch; also in gas, runs a scroll which had the effect of showing well the design of the decorations. On the west side of the arch an inscription in Chinese appears, which in English is "The Chinese welcome Prince Alfred." The decorations on this side mainly consist of interweavings of the rose, thistle and shamrock. Round the inside of the arch and hung at equal distances colored lamps, which had a very gay appearance and formed a harmonious contrast with the gas scroll running round the outside. Suspended from the centre also was a floral decoration. Fur- ther down the street was another arch similar in size and design and decorations to the one we have already described. The Chinese, who are adepts at making crackers, kept up a continual discharge of that lively firework, and seemed in their way as thoroughly loyal as if they had been extending a welcome to a son of their own dynasty. Nearing Elizabeth-street is to be met with a small transparency having a figure of Britannia with the Galatea underneath, and an inscrip- tion "Welcome, Britannia's Alfred." A short distance below is an enigmatical device in gas. A star bearing the letters P. A. in the centre. In the lower part of the design are the words "A Grand," and then the device of a double eye-glass. We presume the solution of the enigma is "A Grand Spectacle." On the op- posite side of the street and near to the Post Office is a transparency consisting of a shell with a kangaroo below, surmounted by the word "Welcome." We endeavored to make our report of the il- luminations on Tuesday evening as full and complete as possible; but, unavoidably, there are some few omissions in it, and those which we have discovered, we now supply. Mr Burmeister, of 27 Post Office- place, had a transparency of the Galatea, seen at each side, in the centre of the street, and by an ingenious mechanical arrangement, a mo- tion was given to the vessel such as it might be supposed to have at sea. Another peculiarity of the arrangement, and one that attracted much attention, was that some guns with which she was mounted were fired off every five minutes. These novel results in an illuminated device were produced by the skilful application of a large clock movement. LATROBE-STREET. The illuminations in Latrobe-street were but few, and, with the exception of the public offices, were for the most part of a very small character. The building belonging to the Royal Society was the first to attract the atten- tion from the eastern quarter of the city, each of its windows being covered by trans- parencies of varied color and design, the effect of which was on the whole good, though, parhaps, a little more light might have been an improvement. Equally worthy of notice was the building occupied as police bar- racks, every window of which was fully lighted up. The stained-glass coat of arms on the front of the Supreme Court looked very pretty, the colors of the glass being nicely blended, and the whole effect was improved with the glare of light reflected upon it from a dozen flaring grease pots blazing on each side. At the Exhibition Building there was not any il- lumination, and from this point to the Crown Lands Office there was nothing calling for special notice; the latter was illuminated with candles, 27 in each window, which caused a bright reflection on the white walls of the Old Exhibition Building, between which corner and Spencer-street, the Immigrants' Depot was the only other building at all brilliantly il- luminated. Of course, in addition to those mentioned above, there were many smaller at- tempts at illuminating, the success of which was varied, though most of the places being private houses, the superior attractions in the heart of the city induced the residents to wend their way thither, and so neglect their own neighborhood. Altogether Latrobe-street was decidedly dull and deserted. SPRING-STREET. At the Model Schools was exhibited an illumi- nation in gas. The device was a Prince of Wales feather, having on the one side the letter A, and on the other E. The present unfinished condition of the Parliament Houses necessitated the adoption of some extraordinary appliance to hide the un- sightliness. So far as this could be done it was effectually accomplished. Facing Bourke- street was a complete metamorphosis, so skil- fully executed as to present the appearance of a vast palatial pile, where nothing but unbaked bricks had been before exhibited. The front of the building had been covered by a design of what it is ultimately intended shall be its form. This was skilfully illuminated. The apparent windows were filled with portraits, and the exterior had a skilfully executed design in gas. Mr Pitt, the contractor, deserves credit for the good effect so skilfully produced from bad material. THE FLAGSTAFF GARDENS. The Flagstaff Gardens were illuminated at dusk, according to announcement, and though all the lamps were not put up at that time, the effect was really good. From every tree, and every thick bush, peeping out of the dark green foliage appeared parti-colored lamps. The walk to which the greatest attention was paid was that between William and Dudley streets. Leading across the gardens zigzag festoons of lamps were hung across the path as far as the rising ground, where they ended in a thick festoon erected on the highest spot. The beautiful marble fountain opposite Dudley- street was lit up with glass globes and vases, and the effect of the soft light falling on the marble was beautiful. The principal fountain on the hill was only lighted up with white paper lamps, but a sham fountain in the enclosed plot below it looked very well. Lamps of diver- sified colors were distributed all over the grounds in abundance. Before the illuminations in the city began to distract public attention from the quiet and romantic scene, the attendance was good, but soon dwindled away, and while the fierce excitement of illumination- seeing lasted, the Flagstaff Gardens were com- paratively deserted. The scene from the Flag- staff-hill was inexpressively grand. North, south, and east appeared one blaze of light, paling the stars, that looked dim and sickly in the strong light of gas and magnesium. To the west stretched Batman's Swamp, dark and gloomy, the light of the illuminations being but slightly reflected in the muddy waters co- vering it. A revolving light was exhibited from the top of the old observatory on the Flagstaff-hill, but it had to pale into ineffectual fires before the brilliant light exhibited in Lonsdale-street, towards which the people from the suburbs flocked in great numbers. 