THE ILLUMINATIONS IN THE CITY AND SUBURBS. It is not very easy at this moment of writ- ing, with eyes dazzled by the glare of a city illuminated with a brilliancy beyond Australian example, poor feet trodden al- most to pulp in the pressure of the many tens of thousands crushing through the streets, ears deafened by the noises of the fireworks, the shouts, the cheering, and all that makes up the tremendous hubbub, to sit down and tell the story of our illumina- tions. Melbourne is no longer the metropolis we have known so many years—the city struggling by sheer hard work, energy, and enterprise into greatness—rising from the condition of a collection of hovels into architectural grandeur; it is the scene of a carnival, a modern Saturnalia, omitting the drunkenness and rowdyism. It is given over to rejoicings in transparencies, loyalty in fireworks, triumph in gaslight, and a vast and overwhelming mass of people in the streets. Scarcely recovered from the gaiety of the Prince's entry on Monday, our city was only half given to business yesterday, and as night closed in with every promise of fine calm weather—the night in which the city was to be lit up in honour of the royal visit—every- one seemed prepared to give themselves over to the influence of the moment. We hesitate to say how many country visitors must have come into town, but by the signs all townsmen know in people as they walk along they must have been very numerous. The roads and avenues to the the city were full of comers in every sort of conveyance, and the expressions of surprise at what was seen, as well as evidences of ignorance as to localities, stamped them strangers. As twilight deepened into dark- ness, so did the thoroughfares fill with this sort of passengers; the lines of vehicles per- mitted by the police began to form, and at the lighting up of each illumination did the crowds burst out with "Ah's" and "Oh's," at one effect surpassing the other, till in the mind of the spectator the only wonder was to what limits the gorgeous scene would be carried. But the country folks, anxious to catch time by the forelock, to feast their eyes and saturate their recollections with the glories round and about them by an early hour, were not left to themselves long. Before nine the denizens of our vast metropolis commenced to issue forth, and then the streets began to assume the aspect they were till the small hours arrived. In the centre proceeded the line of vehicles—cabs, carriages, cars, carts, furni- ture-vans, drays, lorries, hay- waggons, coaches, broughams, gigs, buggies, and every con- ceivable variety of conveyance—crammed to the utmost with men, women, and children, each adding to the prevailing noise by their exclamations. In this re- spect the police did nobly. It was not only that constables were stationed at every few yards and at all the street corners, but they behaved as though en- dowed with double their usual intelligence; and, so far as our limited experience goes, the success of the affair is not a little attri- butable to their exertions. But we were describing the streets, and must come back to our task. That the vehicles went as steadily as they did was surprising, because of the tremendous number of foot passengers. One-seventh, at least, of the entire popula- tion of the colony were in Melbourne streets to see what was going on. Not one class, but all—artisan and merchant, labourer and civil servant, tradesman and agriculturist either conveying women and children, or, glorying in independence from such respon- sibilities, joined in the throng. Still there seemed to be no accidents. It was hard work in places to get along; but people did move, even in the thickest throngs, and in sinuous course managed to see the show. Excellent order was preserved, and as a rule there was ample room for everybody. It is difficult to suppose that such a sight was over seen in Australia before, but certainly never was such a spectacle witnessed in Melbourne. When flashes from the electric light over Parliament Houses were at their brightest, and people in Bourke-street could be seen, it was shown that there could not be, from end to end, less than forty thousand people surging through it. Collins-street was not so full, but the difference was small, and the chief cross streets were also densely packed. It is no exaggeration to set down the number of people in the streets last night at not less than 100,000 souls. Of the illuminations themselves enough is stated in the succeeding columns. Early in the evening transparencies would not light up ; patterns in gas burnt patchy and scrappy and innumerable casualties injured the gene- ral effect; but as the wind calmed down, so did the lights burn better, and everything went splendidly. From a height the effect was indescribably grand, and the light was reflected in the sky to a great distance, Bourke-street east seemed almost as bright as day, the dark background of the night giving the broad glare an effect like that of one of Martin's pictures of the nether regions, the lurid glow and smoke of the fire-pots on the roofs of some of the larger buildings in- creasing the similarity. With all this to be see gratis, it was no miracle to find the theatres empty—the Princess's a mockery, and the Royal and Haymarket a delusion. No stage effects ever equalled what the great streets had to show, and for many long years last night will be the subject of countless dreams and a never-fading epoch in the memory. It is gratifying to know that the Prince, for whom was all this celebration, witnessed the splendid result. At about ten o'clock the Prince, accompanied by the Governor, Lady Manners Sutton and family following in another carriage, drove through the principal streets. They were cheered to the echo whom- ever they went, and it is to be hoped this magnificent instance of our loyalty will not he without its effect. At eleven o'clock His Royal Highness was entertained at the Mel- bourne Club, and while he stayed there it was impossible -without danger to edge within 500 yards of the place. As we write the illuminations are still in progress, though the crowd is gradually les- sening. It is the most remarkable night Melbourne has ever known; and the accom- panying record, prepared in necessary haste, may well be treasured up among our records for an example to the future. THE CITY OF MELBOURNE. COLLINS-STREET. It was universally anticipated that this street would be the principal scene of the illuminations, being the locale of most of the banks, the head-quarters of the wealth of the city, and containing the places of business of many of our chief citizens. Nor was the expectation so generally entertained dis- appointed. From one end of the street to the other—from the Treasury, on the one hand, with its elaborate decorations, to the Spencer-street railway station, on the ether, with its simple crown, the street was almost one continuous blaze of light; and all the designs that ingenuity could devise, or plumbers' handicraft execute, or artists' skill could adorn, were there to be seen. On this street the greater part of Chevalier's handiwork, in the shape of transparencies, was shown, and it is only simple justice to him to record that he expended an amount of zeal, of time, and of skill that the ephemeral character of the pro- ductions scarcely justified. The transparen- cies at The Argus office, at Sands and McDougall's, the Bank of Australasia, Scott's Hotel, the European Insurance Company, and the Treasury might almost have been ranked as pictures. The portrait of Her Majesty at the Treasury was especially well done, the colouring being very well executed, the Royal blue showing to great advantage in front of the light. Nor was the transparency by Campbell, at the Bank of Victoria, unworthy to take equal rank with these; whilst the paintings by Calder at the Commercial Bank, Baillie and Butters, &c.;, were by no means discreditable. Of course, in the majority of instances, these transparencies contained some attempt at a representation of the Prince, but there was this to be said for them, that none of them were the caricatures with which His Royal Highness was libelled in other parts of the city. The large arch at the junction of Elizabeth and Collins streets somewhat interfered with the view, and it might have been advisable had its sombre aspect been relieved with some lanterns. It was late before most of the gas illuminations began to be lit, and a strong wind which was blowing, par- tially interfered with the success at first, but as the evening wore on the appearance of each improved. The more noticeable of the gas illuminations were the Melbourne Club, Appleton and Tweeddell's, Moubray, Lush and Co.'s, Fraser and Co.'s, the Bank of New South Wales, the Bank of Australasia, the Union Bank, and the London and Australian Agency Company, &c.; The eastern end of the street consisted for the most part of private houses, and those of them which are not named in the accompanying list were, for the most part, lit up with pyramids of candles. Several of the rows of houses, however, were united by festoons of Chinese lanterns—as for in- stance. Dr. Martin's, Dr. Fisher's, and the Victoria Servants' Institution. Dr. Mother- well's, Dr. Rae's, Dr. Farrago's, Drs. Neild, Thomas, and Rudall's, were similarly illuminated. The Independent Church was lit up from the interior. On the Trea- sury buildings the Royal Commission had expended the principal portion of their energies in the way of illuminations, and the designs they adopted were such as to bring the fine proportions of the building into prominent relief. The façade was one blaze of light from end to end, but it was chiefly on the centre that the decorations had been lavished. Around the centre windows were double architraves of gas, the piping being pierced at very short intervals. Over the windows at either side were two large crowns more than six feet high, and on each of the windows immediately adjoining, was a large star of similar proportions. The pediments over the door were decorated with various devices in gas, with the object of displaying the lines of architecture. On the ground floor, the live principal windows were decorated with Brunswick stars and festooned with varie- gated oil lamps, the diverse colours of which had a very pretty effect. The side windows on the north and south of the building were brilliantly lit up with pyramids of candles, which contrasted elegantly with the elaborate display in the centre. Chief, however, of the decorations was a colossal portrait of the Queen, painted by Chevalier, and placed over the middle arch. In size it was 27ft. by 13ft., and represented Her Majesty the Queen dressed in her Royal, robes, as on state occa- sions, such as the opening or proroguing of Parliament, the regalia lying upon a table at the side. The colouring was very beautifully done, and it was generally considered a pity that the talents of the artist should be wasted on a work of the kind, de- signed for merely a temporary use. The picture is a fac-simile of the one now in the Parliament Houses by Winterhalter; but in order to obtain a better likeness of Her Majesty at the present day, M. Chevalier copied from the bust of Her Majesty executed by Miss Thorneycroft, as Winterhalter's picture was taken about twenty-five years ago. On the other Government offices, as the Insolvent Court, the Audit offices, the Crown Law offices, but little labour was expended; the Commission only illuminating them in order to show that they were Government buildings. We append a list of the principal illumi- nations so far as it was possible, under the circumstances, to obtain them. Melbourne Club.—The Royal Arms in gas, 30ft. by 20ft., the lion and unicorn crouching, each 11ft. in length, the Crown in the centre 6ft. 6in. in height. At the bottom, in a ribbon, the words, Dieu et mon droit, in 1½ft. letters; at the top, the motto, "Welcome Duke of Edinburgh," in the same sized letters. The Royal Arms surmounted by a star 10ft. in height. Duke of York Hotel.—Transparency, 9ft. by 6ft., in the centre, bust of the Prince; over this a harp, with a wreath of shamrocks; on one side Britannia, and on the other a sailor holding a union jack half furled; below that a representation of the Galatea in full sail; on each side of this sea nymphs. Motto, —"Cead mille failthe to our noble Prince." Dr. Brownless, Vice-Chancellor of Univer- sity-Transparency, 12ft. x 10ft., of Arms of the University, with the motto, "Postera crescam laude;" to the left, letters A.E., sur- mounted by coronet; to the right, D E, also surmounted by coronet. Baptist Chapel (the Rev. J. Taylor)—Reflec- tor-star, 6ft. in diameter, eight points, Duke's coronet in centre. "W. Edwards, jeweller-Transparency, 7ft. x 4ft., representing the Queen. G. H. Powis, fine arts depository-Trans- parency, 7ft. x 4ft., the Prince's arms. S. Calvert, engraver-Transparency, 7ft. x 4ft., the Prince in uniform. J. Whitehead, carver and gilder-Trans- parency, 12ft. by 10ft., the British Lion, and beneath this another transparency, 9ft. x 7ft., representing a sunrise, with ships in the horizon; motto, "Victoria welcomes the Prince." Mechanics' Institute—Five-pointed star, 3ft. J. Sleight, undertaker—Three transparen- cies, 7ft. by 3ft., representing the Queen, the Royal arms, and the Prince. Punch office—Transparency, 7ft. by 4ft., "Punch" seated on a cask. Germain Nicholson, grocer—Transparency, 7ft. by 5ft,, representing a bust of the Prince, on either side the Royal standard, and above a view of Edinburgh Castle ; surrounding the bust the words, "Welcome Duke of Edin- burgh," and beneath the motto "Dieu et mon Droit." E. Whitehead and Co., stationers—Trans- parency, 12ft. by7ft., by Gillett and Harford; in the centre, a full-length portrait of the Prince in uniform, with lion and unicorn on either side couchant; Britannia and Victoria are the supporters; in the background, the Galatea at anchor. Motto, "Welcome." W. R. Hill, chemist—4ft. crown in gas; beneath it a 4ft. anchor, also in gas. G. M. Bradshaw; hosier—5ft. Brunswick star, in gas. G. M. Nicholls, tailor—Profusion of flags. Samuel Mullen—Transparency, by Gillett and Harford, 7ft. by 6ft., representing a por- trait of the Prince, surrounded by figures of art and science bearing books, globe, palette and easel, &c;, the whole draped with union jacks; motto, "Treu und fest." Walsh Brothers, jewellers—Brunswick star, 5ft. in diameter; round the clock surmount- ing the premises a circle of gas. T. Reed, fancy repository—A series of balls of gas, in the shape of an inverted pyramid. Appleton and Tweddell, drapers—The windows encircled in gas jets, with letters P. A., over all a large star in gas. King and Parsons, warehousemen—A St. George's star, 4ft. square, made of crystals fastened to a black board, the star having eight points, in the centre a St. George's cross of emeralds. Batchelder and Co., photographers—Trans- parency, 14ft. by 12ft., painted by Botterill, representing; four of England's chief naval heroes at different ages-Drake, Blake, Nel- son, and Collingwood—in frames; in the centre a bust of the Prince, at the top a galleon showing the state of naval architec- ture in the Elizabethan period, and at the bottom a representation of the Galatea, showing the improvement in the art since that date. Motto, "England's naval heroes and her hope." John Carson, boot and shoe importer— Eight-pointed Brunswick star, 3ft. in diameter, and a profusion of glass and floral decorations. in front of the building. Leonard Robinson, draper—Six-pointed star, 5ft. high. B. J. Paling, musicseller—Harp in gas, 10ft. high, all the strings illuminated. W. H. Glen, musicseller—Star, 2ft, in diameter. C. J. Hughes, confectioner—4ft. reflector star, eight points, crown in centre. W. Hickinbotham, carpet warehouse— Transparency, 9ft square, representing the coat of arms of Great Britain and Ireland, supported by kangaroo and emu, beneath the Duke's motto, "Tren und fest." The drapery round the shield represents opossum skins. Robertson and Jacques, tailors—Trans- parency, 6ft. by 4ft., representing a globe, the Australian arms beneath and the Galatea above. Geo. Robertson, bookseller—Transparency, 12ft. by 8ft., representing a medallion portrait of the Queen in the centre, supported by two Cupids at cither side offering fruit and flowers. Over the top an arch, which is again divided into three Gothic arches-the left containing a view of an English winter land- scape by night; the right, an Australian summer landscape at sunrise; in the centre arch, a figure of Britannia; motto, "Sub semper solem." The picture was painted by Freyberger, to illustrate the saying, "The sun never sets on the British dominions." Murray Brothers, tailors—Transparency, 9ft. by 7ft., representing the Duke of Edin- burgh's arms, supported by Highlander bearing Scottish flag, and sailor with the union jack; motto, "Welcome, our sailor Prince." John McGuigan, bootmaker—Transparency, 14ft. by 10ft, coat of arms of St. Crispin; in the centre a shield with a boot, surmounted by crown, shield supported on either side by a king holding a sceptre, and by a man in armour, with motto beneath, "Cead mille failthe." J. Beaumont, draper—3ft. star, with letter A in the centre. R. Baldlerson, draper—Transparency, 10ft. by 8ft., representing Victoria crowned with garlands, and surrounded by fruit, flowers, &c.; motto, "Welcome to Victoria." Wilkie, Webster, and Co., musicsellers— Three festoons crossing the building of tri- colour drapery (red, white, and blue), fes- tooned with stars and rosettes; three large flags—St. George's Cross, union jack red ground, and union jack blue ground; in all the windows pyramids of candles. B. Watson, tailor—4ft, star. Briscoe and Co., ironmongers—In each of the three windows of the second storey a transparency, 7ft. by 3ft., representing the Prince; outside the building, a crown and two six-pointed stars in crystal, in the centre of one an anchor in divers colours, in the other the Scotch thistle. The three upper windows were lit by pyramids of candles. Paul Thomas, bootmaker—Fourteen varie- gated lanterns; hung on the parapet of the building and lit up with candles. J. E, Ellis, outfitter—Brunswick star, 5ft. in height. D. Henry, jeweller—Transparency, 8ft. by 4ft., representing H.R.H.'s arms supported by Cupids and surmounted by a ducal coro- net; beneath, a star, in gas, 4ft. in diameter. G. Lewis, chemist—A six-pointed ordi- nary star, 4ft. in height. Melbourne Gas Company—A crystal crown, 5ft. in height, beneath a rising sun sur- mounting the word "Welcome." The board containing this motto was also picked out with stars. H. Westley, solicitor—Two transparencies, one being the first branch of the Westley family arms, being-crest, a lion proper, holding aloft the banner of St. George on wreath; shield, a cross sable on field argent, five scollop shells on cross;—the other, the second branch of the Westley family arms an arm mailed and crowned, bearing the standard of St. George, with pennant and motto, "Ready," on same; arm resting on wreath, shield, cross gules, and peaked with five scollop shells on cross or; ground argent. George Carnaby, tailor—Transparency on glass", 5ft. x 3ft., drawn by Houten, repre- senting an anchor surmounted by a crown and surrounded by oak leaves at, the bottom the word "Alfred." St, Paul Brothers, confectioners.—5ft. star in gas. T. M. Buzzard, bookseller—Transparency, by Chevalier, 10ft. x 10ft., containing a medallion portrait of the Prince in uniform supported by two sailors; the portrait rests upon a capstan, and is surrounded by garlands of flowers. Kasner and Moss, opticians—Arch of gas jets along the front of the building. R. U. Miller.—Circle of gas jets, with Galatea in the centre, with the letters D E, on either side, the whole surmounted by a small star. A. Gowan, clothier—Transparency in each window (2), 6ft. x 4ft., one representing British flags surmounted by a crown, the other a ship in full sail. Fraser and Co., auctioneers-Two large circles of gas one within the other, the outer one 10ft, in diameter ; within the inner one a large star. On either side of this circle two smaller circles, each containing an anchor. J. Wise, hairdresser-5ft. star, with the letters A D F in the centre. T. W. Sampson, mining, agent-Seven pointed star, 3ft. in diameter. Moubray, Lush, and Co., drapers-The outline of the building was covered with gas jets; in the centre a crown 4ft. 6in. in height with an anchor beneath ; On one side of the crown the letter P, and on the other A. Alston and Brown, drapers-Four transpa- rencies, 9ft by 4ft,, one on each of the windows of second story. In the centre the Queen and the Prince, and those at the side Britannia and Neptune. Kilpatrick and Co., jewellers, and W. Bowen, chemist-Transparency, 7ft. by 5ft, representing the Royal arms ; at either side two other transparencies, 4ft. square, repre- senting two stars. Baillie and Butters, and Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co.-Transparency, 24ft. by 12ft. The centrepiece is a figure of Liberty holding pole in her hand, and driven in a triumphal car ; the foreground is occupied by a female figure (Victoria) bearing fruit, flowers, &c.;: and on the other side a figure representing Asia, holding a number of emblems. In the extreme front there is a herald bearing the arms of the city of London and a mace : at each side there is a lion couchant, with number of sea pieces, as- a view in the Med terranean, feluccas going through the water in full sail, &c.; Bank of New South Wales.-The lines light were arranged so as to give effect to the architectural features and details of the building, there being four horizontal lines along the whole length of the front (66ft.) -two on the upper cornice and two on the first-floor balustrade. There were also lines around the first-floor window openings and arches, connected to the lower line of upper cornice by lines on the keystones of window. In the three centre windows (4ft. high) were the letters "AEA," and a star in each of the side ones. From the bottom line of balustrading were hung festoons, termi- ting in ovals ; on the frieze over the columns attached to the festoons were pendant stars, one in the centre of each of the ground- floor windows and doors. The work was executed by Mr. Dempster, of Russell-street under the superintendence of Messrs. Smith and Watts, architects, Queen-street. Fergusson and Mitchel, engravers-Trans- pareney,11ft, by 9ft., painted by Lang, re- presenting Victoria and Great Britain shaking hands, Victoria with loft hand hold- ing the Southern Cross, and England hold- ing the Union Jack ; in the centre, the Galatea coming up the bay ; these figures surrounded by flowers, fruit, &c.; ; at one side the rose, shamrock, and thistle ; the whole surmounted by the arms of the Duke. Brush and M'Donnell, jewellers-Pyramids of candles in the windows. Annand's-chambers ; the office of Mr. W. Cook, the accountant ; Mr. Ray, broker ; and the shops beneath, Galvin, hatter, and Adam- son, seedsman-Six large flags, in red white, and blue, projecting over the roadway. surmounted by the union jack from the roof. The front of the building was ornamented four large, circles of evergreens, with union jacks at right angles of each circle, the two centre ones having "D E" in large gold characters, and the outer ones large anchor in silver; beneath all, a gilded entablature, showing "Welcome" in crimson letters, which was illuminated, in addition to the cut-glass lamps on each window sill. Australasian Insurance Company-Trans- parency, 24ft. by 16ft., painted by Chevalier, representing the Galatea in full sail firing salutes as she enters Port Phillip Heads ; there is a view of Queenscliff and the light- house in the distance. The Galatea is accom- panied by a flotilla of ships and boats, gaily dressed. To the right is a figure of Britannia carrying her shield and spear, and to the left Neptune, with his foot resting on a dolphin ; at the bottom are the arms of His Royal Highness in front, and to the right and left are phoenix, pelican, dolphin, and, figures emblematic of the fire, life, and marine business of the company. At the sides are tridents, and at the top a large crown sup- ported by the lion and unicorn. Over the transparency a gas star, 4ft. high, in the centre window a crown, and in those at the sides pyramids of candles ; from the parapet, the Danish and Prussian flags and a man- of-war ensign. The Bank of Australasia-Over the door of the bank office, transparency, by Chevalier, 20 x 13, representing a colossal medallion portrait of His Royal Highness in the undress uniform of a commander of the navy and wear- ing the star and gaiter. The portrait is en- circled by a wreath of oak leaves, and is sup- ported by two colossal figures of Commerce, carrying the horn of plenty, and Maritime navigation, holding a globe in one hand and a mast in the other. The windows of the bank were lighted from within by 230 candles, with reflectors. Upon the parapet above two largevases were kept burning coloured fires throughout the evening. From three flag- staffs at the top floated the union jack, St. George's ensign, and the red ensign, with festoons of other flags between them. Upon the building adjoining the bank office was a Royal crown in gas, 14ft. x 12ft. Insolvent Court-Transparency on glass by Ferguson and Urie, representing the star of the Garter, the Duke's shield, with anchor and coronet, with star and anchor. Stubbs, Oxtoby, and Co.-Three transpa- rencies in windows, 6ft, by 4ft.-repre- sen ting Britannia,- "Welcome Prince Alfred," and the Galatea. M. Lang and Co., merchants-Pyramids of candles in six windows. Temple-court-Along the entire front of the building, sixty-six feet in breadth, three rows of gas jets-one over the parapet, and one over each of the two stones, the cor- nices lit up with small stars. John Mackenzie, merchant-Three trans- parencies in the windows, containing the following mottoes in illuminated letters "Alfred, son of Albert the Good,' "Bri- tannia's care and Neptune's pride," "Cead mille failthe." Scott's Hotel-Transparency, by Chevalier, representing the Prince at the landing-place, having just stepped from the royal barge ; he is received under a decorated portico (the steps being covered with crimson) by Victoria, who is presenting a welcome in the shape of an address, of vases of wine, and of fruit ; the address, fruit, and wine being borne by Cupids. To the left of the picture are the arms of the city of Melbourne coupled with those of His Royal Highness, and surrounded by festoons of garlands. The portico under which the reception takes place is decorated with flowers and ferns. In the distance is a representation of the bay with ships at anchor. Beneath the transparency was an ela- borate crown, 6ft. by 5ft., on each side of which were eight-pointed Brunswick stars, 3ft. 6in. diameter, and two smaller stars, with the word " Welcome" in twelve-inch letters. The Australian Mutual Provident Society had a star in gas-piping, size 6ft. 6in. by 6ft., and within it a transparency in gloss, painted by Ferguson and Urie, representing a union jack. James Duerdin, solicitor - Six-pointed St. George's star in gas. Northern Assurance Company-A trans- parency, painted by Mr. Farquhar, one of the officers of the company. In the centre is a shield bearing the lion of Scotland rampant ; this is sumounted by a crown, and over this is the word "Welcome;" to the right and left are anchors, interwoven with the Scot- tish thistle, and above these are stars, at each side of the shield are roses, and beneath it are shamrocks, and the motto "Nemo me impune lacessit :" the whole is surrounded by ropework. The size of the transparency is 14ft. by 8ft. European Assurance Company-Transpa- rency, by Chevalier, emblematic of the busi- ness carried on by the company. In the centre is a representation of the husband- man with his waggon, and the driver in- voking the aid of Jupiter to his assistance in extricating the vehicle ; to the right is a re- presentation of the benefits arising from the results of providence and foresight-a con- tented and happy family left in comfort, if not in affluence, by the husband ; and on the left is an illustration of the effects of im- providence-a haggard and impoverished woman weeping by the roadside, a miser- able-looking child playing beside her, whilst a broken bottle, strongly suggestive of the cause of all the misery, is lying near them. At the top is a beehive, emblematic of in- dustry, and below are numerous wreaths of flowers. Over the centre of the transparency was the word "Welcome" in large letters. London and Australian Agency Company -The whole length of the building (66ft.) was illuminated with rows of gas jets ; over the arch, at the main entrance, another row of gas jets, with the letters A D E, 4ft. in height, within the arch ; over the letters an anchor nine feet in height ; the arch sur- mounted by 5ft. crown. On either side of the arch the letters V. R. 4ft. high ; surmounting the crown, near the parapet, a 5ft. star. The whole formed one of the most effective illuminations in the city. Dr. Tracy-In each of the seven openings of the balcony, a transparency 9ft. by 6ft., painted by Miss Kennedy. In the centre, a large figure of Britannia holding her spear and shield. On one side a transparency of Wind- sor Castle, and on the other of Edinburgh Castle, with the grass market and other por- tions of the city beneath. On either side of these were two transparencies, one represent- ing the arms of the Duke of Edinburgh, the other those of the colony. At one of the side windows, a St. Andrew's Cross, with motto of the order, " Nemo me impune lacessit," at the other, naval trophies, an- chors, &c.; George Wragge, chemist-Eight-pointed Brunswick star, 5ft. diameter. Crown Law Offices.-Transparency on glass, painted by Ferguson and Urie, 9ft. x 6ft. ; an Imperial crown; all the windows filled with pyramids of candles. Audit Office-Transparency on glass, by Ferguson and Urie, the Royal arms : all the windows illuminated with pyramids of candles. M. Benjamin-Transparencies, representing the Prince in naval uniform, and a sailor. J. G. Beaney, surgeon - Transparency, 12ft. x 10ft. representing medallion portrait of Prince surrounded by a wreath of oak leaves, and surmounted by a crown,on either side of which are Cupids ; motto, "Welcome Royal Duke, 1867." A. Davidson, grocer-Star, twenty points, 3ft. in diameter. J. Eldridge, dyer-A 4ft. star, with the letter A beneath in gas jets. T. Stokes, engraver-A transparency, 10ft. 3in. by 5ft. 3in" painted by Roberts ; in the centre, a bust of His Royal Highness ; to the right, the Galatea in full sail, with the words, "H.M.S. Galatea, 1867 ;" beneath, a repre- sentation of the new town-hall, coloured, in gold. Gould and Martin, chemists-Transparency, 12ft. by 8ft., painted by Marsh, representing the Prince with his feet resting on a globe, two sailors on one side and two Australian natives on the other, with the arms of the city of Edinburgh at one end and the Victorian arms at the other ; one native leans on a spear, and the other holds a boomerang. The transparency bears the legend "King of Aus- tralia." Surrounding all is some very neat drapery. Glover and Baker's sewing-machine Com- pany-Two transparencies, 6ft. by 4ft. ; one re- presenting the Prince, the other the ducal coat of arms ; in the two upper window pyramids of candles. Victoria Insurance Company-Transpa- rency 18ft. by 12ft., representing the Prince surrounded by a wreath of laurels, sur- mounted by two female figures, holding a crown ; at each side of the base a British lion couchant ; the view in the distance comprises shipping. &c.; The Argus office-Large transparency painted by Chevalier, 20ft. by 13ft. It represented a state barge, on which the Prince, who is dressed in full uniform as naval commander, is standing. Be- side him is Britannia introducing the Prince to the colonies. The barge is drawn by dolphins and cupids, who are wreathed in roses, and from the mast floats the Royal standard of England. The sup- porters on the left and right are two female figures, the former representing the colony and the other the City of Melbourne. Vic- toria is surrounded by the foliage peculiar to the colony, and for reproducing which Che- valier has become so noted. Melbourne holds in her hand the sceptre of commerce. Beneath are the arms of the city, and on the extreme right and left are figures of the kangaroo and emu. In the distance is the Galatea approach- ing the bay; and in the extreme distance are other ships following the Galatea. The whole is surrounded by a wreath consisting of the rose, shamrock, thistle, and fern trees inter- twined ; and beneath this are a number of allegorical figures, representing literature, science, and art. Melvin and Co., bookbinders -Three trans- parencies, each 5ft. by 4ft., representing the star of the order of the Scotch thistle ; in the centre the crown of England, and the other the harp. Argus Hotel - Transparency 9ft. by 6ft., medallion portrait of the Prince surrounded by flags: motto, "Victoria welcomes the sailor Prince. Whitney, Chambers, and Co., ironmongers \- In each of the nine windows in the second story a transparency 8ft. by 4ft. 6in., the transparencies representing severally the stars of the orders of the Garter, Bath, Thistle, St. Patrick, St. George-the Britannia, Vic- toria, and Alfred stars. The ninth trans- parency represents the Galatea. The parapet of the building illuminated with variegated lanterns and kerosene lamps. Haigh Brothers, outfitters-Seven-feet re- flector star, eight points ; in the centre a crown, with the word "Welcome," and an anchor. J. B.Milton and Co., drapers-Six-feet star, twenty rays. Stanley and Co., tailors-Four-feet star. W. Detmold, bookbinder - Two rows of gas jets along the front of the building (23ft. in breadth), one row over the second, the other over the lower story. Hope and King, importers of china - Trans- parency, 6ft. by 4ft., representing the Royal arms surrounded by flags, and an anchor beneath. M'Gill's Central City Hotel-Two gas stars, 4ft. high. Beauchamp and Rocke, auctioneers-Three reflector stars, one in the centre 5ft. in diameter, the two others at either side 4ft., each having in the centre a crown, with the word " "Welcome." M'Arthur, Sherrard, and Copeland, mer- chants-Transparency 20ft. by 14ft. In the centre, the Prince, attended by three figures representing commerce, music, and painting; on either side, ships with sails half furled ; at the top, the arms of the colony and the Prince; mottoes, "God save the Queen,""Welcome Royal Duke." Robert Byrne, M.L.A., land agent-A hand- some transparency of Prince Alfred's coat of arms, with lion and unicorn supporters, labelled, cornet and lion passant above, shield resting on wreath of rose, thistle, and shamrock, with mottoes of " Dieu et mon droit," and "Treu und fest," surmounted with motto, " Peace and plenty." Bank of Victoria-Transparency, 26ft. by I6ft., painted by Campbell. This picture is intended to express the reception of the Prince by the people of "Victoria. On the left of the centre is a gilded barge, illustrative of the station and dignity of the Royal Duke, who passes from it on shore over a bridge covered with crimson drapery. Neptune behind, seems to deliver up his- charge, his Tritons fastening the barge to the shore. The barge, an ancient classic or Roman galley, is richly ornamented with scroll work, oak leaves, and acorns, &c.; A lion's head and mane rises on the prow, below which is the shield of the Prince, properly emblazoned. The sail is double, formed like two pendants ; on one is the cross of St. George, on the other the cross of St. Andrew, the orders of the Garter and the Thistle being his two highest British orders of knighthood ; at the mast head floats the Royal Standard. To welcome him approaches a female figure, typical of Victoria, bearing in her hand a palm-branch, the emblem of peace, while on her right hand Plenty spreads the contents of her cornucopia at the Prince's feet. In her train come a number of blooming maidens, illustrative of the mild and healthy character of the country, each one carrying something illustrative of the produce of the country ; wool, wine,-gold, fruits, flowers, corn, &c;, are thus expressed. In the foreground an aboriginal family spread on the ground their treasures-products of the chase, kangaroo, parrots, wild ducks, native companion, and platypus, animals peculiar to Australia; native spears, boomerangs, waddies, &c; A triumphal arch rises on the right, through which the head of the procession has passed ; musicians, flags,' banners, &c.;, are seen through the archway and beyond. In the distance are represented ploughed fields, vineyards, forests, mountains and valleys, a wide bay containing shipping, boats, &c.; The Galatea may be supposed to be among them, from which the Prince has just come on shore. Land Mortgage Bank-Two rows of gas jets along front of the building in the centre a star with letters A. E. A. in the centre ; over the cornices of the windows a number of smaller stars. W. M'Culloch and Co., carriers-Trans- parency, 24ft. by 12ft.-Representation of the Murray River at Echuca ; a steamer, laden with bales of wool, approaching the wharf. On the wharf quantities of merchandise, the most noticeable casks of colonial wine. In the foreground one of M'Culloch and Co.'s large waggons, laden with bales of wool (bearing the brands of different stations), drawn by six horses. The picture surrounded by Australian trees, shrubs, &c.; J. Aarons, trade assignee-Gas illumina- tions the form of an oval, 15ft. by 10ft., and contains between 3,000 and 4,000 jets ; on the top and bottom are the words, "Wel- come to Victoria," and in the centre the letters, "P. A.," with an anchor, and a star at each side. Australian Alliance Insurance Company Transparency, 20ft. by 16ft., of the com- pany's arms. Two figures representing the guardians of progress and foresight, sup- porting a beehive, an emblem of industry. In the foreground a sketch of the benefits derived from insurance by widows and orphans ; in the back ground a view of Hob- son's Bay and the shipping. The picture also contains representations of the different interests to which the company extends its operations, as manufactories, shipping, &c.; At the bottom the Royal arms. The whole picture surrounded by oak leaves, Australian flowers, shrubs, &c.; Imperial Insurance Office-Transparency, 18ft. by 16ft., representing arms of the com- pany. ln the centre the Royal arms, sup- porting a crown and helmet ; on either side a female figure, holding a cornucopia ; the sides decorated with stars, roses, fruits, &c.; Motto, "Victoria welcomes her noble Prince." Lyons and Co,, auctioneers-Transparency of Galatea. S. H. Cohen and Co.-Two-feet gas stars, eight points. A. Eick, watchmaker-Transparency, 7ft. by, 4ft., representing the Duke's coat of arms. The design was punctured on leather, and it had a very beautiful effect. Commercial Bank-Three transparencies ; the centre one, 15ft. by 6ft., a female figure representing Commerce, with a caduceus in her hand, and a coronet on her head ; she is riding in a triumphal car over the world. On one side a transparency of the Edinburgh arms, and on the other that of the Royal arms. From the flagstaff, seventy feet high, floated a large number of banners, the union jack, flags representing the number of the Ga- latea in the naval code, &c.; The flagstaff was one of the best of the kind erected for the purpose, and the rigging was of wire. Langwill, Craig, and Co.-A circle of gas, six feet in diameter, within which was a gas star with eight points. National Bank-Transparency by Wright twenty feet by twelve feet, representing Nep- tune in a car, holding a trident, the Prince standing beside him ; the car drawn by four white sea horses ; the Galatea in the distance in full sail. Beneath, in gas, crown, six feet in height, with the letters V. R. on either side, size of the latter, three feet ; four small stars on the keystones of the lower windows. James Wade and Co.-Four feet star, with letters A. A. on either side. Criterion Hotel-Six-feet reflector star, in gas, eight points, Duke's coronet in the centre. Evans Brothers, stationers-Two trans- parencies, seven feet by three feet, in the windows, one representing the Duke in uniform, and the other his coat of arms. Hart, furrier-Transparency, seven feet by four feet, representing a wreath of roses, sur- mounted by a crown and surrounded by flags, with letters "A. E. A." in the centre ; round the building were hung a number of lan- terns. N. Levi and Son-Four-feet star, in gas. Sands and M'Dougall-Transparency, by Chevalier, twenty-two feet by thirteen feet, representing the Prince at the moment of landing from his ship. He is heralded by Fame blowing her trumpet, and by Victory. Victoria is presenting him with a wreath, the reception taking place beneath a triumphal arch, having in the centre the letter "A." The pillars of the arch are sur- mounted by ferns and garlands of flowers, and the Victorian and Australian coats of arms. Cupids and small sailors are in the act of fastening the boat from which the Prince has just landed, and other little sailors are hoisting the union jack. On the right-hand corner of the picture are fruit, vases of wine and flowers, and in the centre are cupids blowing all manner of musical instruments in honour of His Royal Highness's arrival. In the background is Hobson's Bay, crowded with shipping, and in the distance are the lofty summits of the You Yangs. On each side of the transparency are elegant crimson hangings. The three upper windows con- tained transparencies, one having the word " Welcome," another " Alfred," and the third " A.E.A.," surrounded by oak leaves. Hall of Commerce-Ten-feet star, forty-two points ; letters "P. A." on either side. Greig and Murray, auctioneers-Trans- parency, Mile failte do a'nt' seoladair Rioglail (thousand welcomes to the Royal sailor). The Union Bank of Australia-The upper parapet of the whole building fronting both Collins-street and Queen-street is decorated by flags placed out at an angle-there are fourteen of these flagstafis, each sixteen feet long. The Collins-street front carries six, comprising Denmark, Prussia, Italy, Austria, France, and the English red ensign in the centre ; between the two latter, and in an erect position, floats the royal standard of England. The Queen-street flags comprise America, Belgium, Turkey, China-, Greece, Russia, and the blue and white ensign of England ; between the latter and in an erect position floats the union jack ; the two main flags, the standard and jack, are decorated with beautiful branches of choice flowers and streamers, while the others are all connected with wreaths of evergreens and flowers. This is carried round the entire frontages. To have the lower portion of the building in keeping with the upper, spearheaded banner poles are placed from the sill of every window carrying banner flags, 8ft. by 2ft. ; these are of various colours, and suspended by hand- some silken cords. At the corner of the building in the blank window is placed a magnificent anchor, some lift, high, com- posed of flowers and evergreens en- twined with a rope formed of red, white, and blue ribbons. As regards the illumi- nations, at the top of Collins-street front is a handsome Royal crown in gas, six feet below which is the word "Welcome" in two tube block letter, 3ft. high ; the " welcome" is in a curved form, and under it is an excellent, portrait of the Prince (transparency) by Mr. Campbell; this is in circular form, 6ft. diameter, and represents the Duke in captain's uniform. Beneath this is a beau- tiful double revolving star, 12ft. diameter, which is not only a new kind of gas star but is a very superior piece of mechanism, as the gas has to feed into some forty tubes, twenty forming a star and revolving on a hollow axis, while the other twenty forming the back star revolve in the other direction. The effect of this star is very good, as the light appears to radiate either from the axis or from the circumference as may be, and it is the only one in Melbourne. On the right and left of this star, and level with its centre, are the words "Prince Alfred," in two-feet single tube gas letters, and to come still nearer the ground, and below the star, are the Duke's arms, painted in capital style, eight feet by five feet. On the Queen-street front much gas display has not been at- tempted, as the position is usually frequented by violent winds. A gas anchor, nine feet high, stands under the union jack ; below the anchor is a large transparency repre- senting the Galatea steaming, but just stopping her way. This is a very good representation of a British man-of-war-it looks like one all over (painted by Mr. Camp- bell) ; along the moulding on which stands the picture, and running for 100 feet, are oil lamps every five inches, ten oil lamps in every window sill (from which spring the banners), and four lamps on the blocks be- tween the windows. A powerful magnesium lantern was used to light up the various coloured flags at night ; this showed off the real colours as by daylight ; green pots were also kept burning on the parapet around the upper portion of the building. Note.-The whole of the flags, with the ex- ception of the royal standard and jack, will salute in man-of-war fashion, by mechanical means. The gaswork by Mr. Dempster. Pacific Insurance Company-Two trans- parencies, six feet by five, one representing Australia, with the motto of the company, " Secularitatem praebemus ;" the other the Galatea entering the Heads, Queenscliff, with the lighthouse in the distance. London Chartered Bank-Transparency twenty-two feet by thirteen feet, painted by Chevalier, represents a triumphal arch, beneath which the Prince is received by Vic- toria, who is accompanied by a cupid, bearing addresses. She is followed by Peace, carrying fern leaves and olive leaves, by Plenty carry- ing a cornucopia, from which she is pouring all manner of good things, and Commerce accom- panied by the infant Mercury, with his cadu- ceus -, in front, to the left, are herald and cupids proclaiming the Duke's arrival, and beside them are quantities of fruit and wine, which are excellently painted ; in the centre are the arms of the Duke, the city of Edinburgh, and the city of Melbourne. On the top of the painting are the arms of the city of London, with accompanying griffins, and motto, " Domine dirige nos," and at the bottom a group of maritime emblems. Tasmania Insurance Company-Brunswick star, 5ft. 6in. square, having fifty points, with the letter " A" in the centre. F. Gardner, furrier-Transparency, twenty- one feet by eight feet, representing the city coat of arms, the Prince in the foreground dressed in uniform, Britannia and Victoria on either side, the whole surrounded by scroll-work. Union Club-All the windows of the club were illuminated with Chinese lanterns. Lord and Co., merchants-Pyramids of candles in three upper windows. Maguire and Co., merchants-Pyramids of candles in three upper windows. Brown, Osborne, and Co., merchants Transparency, seven feet by four feet, repre- senting the Queen in her royal robes. J. B. Swasey and Co.-Six-feet crown in gas. Joseph Taylor and Co.-Six-feet crown in gas, with letter " A" on each side. Oppenheimer and Co., merchants-All the windows illuminated with pyramids of can- dles. Powers, Rutherford, and Co., station agents -Round the two sides of the building front- ing to Collins and William streets, just below the parapet, sixty lanterns, and coloured glass lamps. ; an anchor, with letters, "A. E.' on either side. Cuningham and Macredie, station agents -Round the front and the sides of the build ing, festoons of lamps of various colours (red, white, mid blue alternately), lit up with candles. The lamps numbered 151 in all. In each of the nine windows of the second storey, transparencies, containing each one of the letters of the word "Welcome." The premises were also decorated with flags and banners, &c.; Bergboff and Touzel, tobacconists-Two rows of gas jets. Charles Lange, dentist-Star, 3ft. Rev. I. Hetherington-Along the front of the manse of the Scotch Church a row of glass lamps, various colours, which had a very beautiful effect. Dr. Girdlestone-Around windows and the arch of the door festoons-of glass lamps. Garrard and James, surgeons-Trans- parency, 5ft. by 4ft., star, with motto, " Welcome Prince Alfred." Dr. Howitt-Transparency, 6ft. by 3ft. representing the Galatea in full sail ; motto. "Welcome." P. J. Marlin-Harp in gas, 5ft. Dr. Gunst-Transparency : the Royal arms, with motto, "Welcome to Melbourne." with the Duke's and the city arms in wreath on either side. Dr. Blair-A number of small lanterns, variegated colours. Rev A.M. Henderson-Transparency 6ft by 4ft representing a lion supporting a shield of the Royal arms. J. W. Pearson engraver ; and Giraud and Co., confectioners-A pillar of revolving fire in gas, 4ft. in height in various colours. C. Hetherington saddler-Transparency of the Prince and the Royal arms. Law Brothers-Two transparencies of the city arms and those of the Duke. S. Moore fruiterer-Transparency of the Duke and the, city arms. ELIZABETH-STREET. In this street there were comparatively so few large public buildings that the display made ranked after that of Collins-street and Bourke-street. The Liverpool, London and Globe Insurance Company had a very excel- lent device for their illumination but the wind at first prevented it showing to advantage though after a time this diffi- culty was overcome. The splendid illu- minations of the Colonial Bank were also greatly admired and the devices at J. M'Ewan mel Co.s and the transparen- cies at George Robertsons and William Clarke and Sons, came in for a good share of praise. From the roof of the Colonial Bank, from the London Tavern, and from Hood and Co.'s lime lights were kept burning for a length of time, which had a very pretty effect; whilst from other places a quantity of rockets were let on, which added not a little to the beauty of the scene. At the English, Scottish and Aus- tralian Chartered Bank, it was intended in addition to the lines of gas jets to have had a transparency by Chevalier but that artist to his great regret, was unable to finish it in time. As the transparency as seen in the studio was a good one we do not omit the description of it from the list. The splendid facade of the New Post-office was, not disfigured by any devices placed on the exterior of the building itself, but the design was adopted on the French system so as at once not to injure the structure and yet to show off in its finest proportions the handsomest building yet elected in the city. On the pavement front- ing Bourke and Elizabeth-streets were elected twenty-three wooden posts each sur- mounted by large gasaliers containing twelve large ground glass globes, and a still larger globe in the centre. The posts ave- raged eighteen feet in height, and were entwined with evergreens from six to eight inches in diameter the greenstuff consisting of tea-tree box, myrtle, cherry tree, &c.; The posts which were about twelve feet distant from each other, were united with festoons of evergreens, eighteen inches in thickness in the middle and diminishing in thickness it the ends. A double row of pierced piping, also connecting the pillars, threw a soft light on the festoons beneath, and cast a radiant brilliancy around. The face of the clock in the towel at the southern end was coloured in various devices. Along the two parapets front- ing Bourke and Elizabeth streets were eighty- five large and small pots, containing tallow, which, when lit up added greatly to the effect of the illumination ; and at the top of the towel were placed sixteen large pots, con- taining similiar materials. In each of the win- dows in all the stories were oil transparencies 12ft in height, painted so as to represent drapery and crimson hangings. Each alter- nate post was surmounted by flags and bannerets, the principal one adopted being the Union Jack. We annex a list of the chief illumina- tions - Melbourne and Hobsons Bay Railway Company - Transparency 14ft by 10ft re- presenting Victoria who is resting on a shield bearing the colonial arms, welcoming the Prince who is attired in naval uniform ; the Prince is accompanied by sailors to the right is a figure of Neptune leaning on his trident; in the distance ships; motto "Victoria welcomes the sons of enterprise and genius." In different places about the station were hung 200 variegated lamps. Tasmania Steam Navigation Company Six-pointed star. W. P. White and Co. - Transparency on glass, 8ft by 7ft., representing the flags of Green's and Wigram's ships and the A. S. N. Co.'s with the red ensign and the union jack, surmounted by the letters "A. E.", the whole surrounded by gas jets representing a chain- cable on the top of the flagstaff a small model of the Galatea, wreathed in gas jets. The front of the picturses was gaily decorated with all manner of flags. Wm. Weaver and Co., merchants - Tran- sparency, 6ft by 5ft., representing the Duke's arms. J. Harris and Co., boot and shoe ware- house- Windows lit with candles. Stewart's buildings-containing in the block the warehouses of the following W. and S. Gardiner, J. and Callaghan, Hyam and Co., Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co., and W. Young and Co. - were in all the windows, thirty in number, lit up with pyramids of candles. A. M. Topp, merchant - Transparency, 8ft. by 6ft., representing Victoria and Britannia greeting. R. Bowman and Co., tea merchants and Lyell and Gowan, trade assignees- Three transparencies representing a crown a ship with the motto "Welcome Alfred," and a medallion portrait of the Prince with motto, "Our Sailor Prince." William Clarke and Sons, sharebrokers - Transparency, 11ft by 9ft., representing St. George and the Dragon, copied from one of Gilbert's pictures, the Princess of Libya is holding the dragon by a silken girdle and leading him into the town, St. George, who has wounded the monster, accompanying the princess on horseback. Native Oyster Company- Five-pointed star. Colonial Bank of Australasia - Along the roof seven poles, 30ft. high placed at equal distances from each other, hung with flags. On the balustrade between each pole were pots of fire of red, green, blue, and orange colours alternately which were kept burning all night. From pole to pole were hung a number of Chinese lanterns, which had a rich effect in showing off the colours of the flags. All the windows in the top flat and the se- cond story were sheets of light a novel princi- ple having been adopted in illuminating them. Oil paper behind which were a series of re- flectors, was placed in each window. These were picked out with stars, the whole having a beautiful effect, is of it globe of fire, or a sun under a cloud. Over the main entrance to the bank was a transparency, 18ft by 12ft., painted by Wright, representing a medallion portrait of the Prince in uniform surrounded by a wreath of flowers and surmounted by the arms of the Duke. On either side two medallions-one of Britannia in a wreath holding her spear and shield the other of Neptune holding his trident and seated on a rock: the Galatea in the distance in full sail; the scrollwork at the bottom consisted of laurel leaves intertwined with the rose, sham- rock, and thistle: the sides were hung with banners. Over the transparency was a rising sun, 8ft high, with the letters "A.D.E." in the centre. On the Elizabeth-street frontage of the bank, immediately over the lower story, was a circle of gas 5ft in diameter, with the Galatea within it also in gas ; be- neath it the word "Welcome." in 7in. letters. Over the circle a crown 2ft. in height, from the circle were representations of the union jack and on either side were the letters "D.E." Beneath the circle was an anchor two feet high. On the Little-Collins street front- age were the letters. "A. E.A." 7ft in height, in a double row of gas. Beehive store - 5ft. reflector star, six points, beehive in centre : silver rays. Hood and Co., chemist- Two transparencies, 6ft by 5ft - one representing the Irish harp surrounded by oak leaves, shamrock, thistle, and rose; the other a Scotch thistle, sur- mounted by crown, with the Duke's arms at the bottom; motto :Welcome." From the roof were burnt coloured lights and fires. "Wallach Brothers, furniture dealers - Transparency, ten feet square, representing the Royal arms, supported by the colonial arms, with the kangaroo and emu on either side, in relief of opossum rug, scarlet and gold drapery, Royal crown, &c.; Post-office Club Hotel-Six pointed star, five feet. Dublin Tavern -Transparency 6ft by 5ft., a harp, with motto "Cead mille failthe." Rose, Thistle, and Shamrock Hotel (Grim- wood's) - Four transparencies 7ft. by 4ft., re- presenting volunteer artilleryman, volunteer rifleman, the Galatea with the yards all manned and the Prince , with the words "Welcome Alfred." W. J. Norman picture dealer - Transpa- rency 12ft. by 8ft., Victoria and Britannia greeting each other; in the distance the Galatea in full sail, mermaids at the sides. D. Kennedy, plumber - Four feet crown. Mayston and Co., stationers - Five feet crown. W. Draper, importer.—Letters "A. E. A." in gas. Risk and Co., carriers—Five feet star in gas, a large union-jack from a flagstaff thirty feet high. Lawrence and Adam, grocers—Transpa- rency, fourteen feet by twelve feet, repre- senting Neptune in a car with Victoria at his side, drawn by sea- horses. In the background a view of the Heads, with the lighthouse at Queenscliff; the Galatea in full sail ; to the right a triton blowing a trumpet ; beneath Victoria bearing the Royal arms. J. J. Smith and Co., leather sellers-The words " Welcome Alfred " in gas, with a re- presentation of a beehive. J. Wood, leather-seller - Transparency, seventeen feet by ten feet, representing a medallion portrait of the Prince ; on either side Edinburgh Castle and the Galatea with sails furled; beneath, the Duke's coat of arms. Vernon and Co., leather merchants - Transparency, seven feet by five feet, repre- senting the crown and anchor. The City Anns Hotel-Transparency, 10ft. x 7ft., representing the city arms, supported by kangaroo and emu. Over the Latrobe street entrance an arch of gas. Briscoe and Co., ironmongers-Three tran- sparencies, 5ft. by 4ft., representing the Prince of Wales' feather, with letters "P. A." Royal Saxon Hotel-Transparency, 23ft. by 9ft., painted by Hickford and Hughes, repre- senting the Prince in naval uniform, sur- rounded by guns, anchors, &c.; ; a view in the distance of the Galatea lying in the bay. To the left, Britannia with the national em- blems ; to the right, Neptune in his triumphal car, drawn by sea-horses, and surrounded by dolphins. Home and Co., ironmongers-Transparency, five feet square, representing the Prince standing in a ship, surrounded by flags and cannon, above the words "Welcome to Aus- tralia ;" all round the verandah a large num- ber of flags. T. Loader and Co., merchants-In the three windows a transparency, 7ft. by 3ft., re- presenting the Duke's arms, the Royal arms, and the letters "A. E." Geo. Petty, butcher-Eight-pointed gas star. Woolf Brothers, merchants-Six-pointed star, in gas. Carriers' Arms Hotel-Six-pointed star, in gas. Colonial Wine Vaults-Six-pointed star, in gas. W. T. West, tobacconist-Six-pointed star, in gas. J. Lipshut, tobacconist-Five-pointed star, 4ft. Hockin's Hotel-Three transparencies-one a medallion portrait of the Prince, sur- mounted by a crown ; a ship in full sail ; and two aborigines welcoming the Prince, the aborigines clad in opossum-skins, and the Duke's arms, with motto ; in each of the windows anchors, crowns, &c.; C. M'Farlane, jeweller-Clock over the pre- mises lit up with gas, and the windows illu- minated with pyramids of candles. Owen, Dudgeon, and Arnell, tobacconists Transparency, 10ft. by 6ft. ; transparency on perforated zinc, representing the British arms, with the English ensign, surrounded by a wreath of oak leaves, rose, thistle, and sham- rock. Motto, "Welcome." Donovan, and Mulcahey, grocers-Six feet Crown. Nicholas Sarton, oyster saloon-Trans- parency, 10ft. by 10ft., British lion, sur- rounded by ensigns, &c.; Glasgow Arms Hotel-Circle of gas, and small star, also in gas, J. D. Thompson, chemist-Transparency, 7ft. by 6ft., Galatea in full sail. Motto, " With joy we greet the sailor Prince." \- Jennings, grocer-Five feet star in gas. John Coutie, bootmaker-Largobootingas. J. M'Dowall, bootmaker-Transparency, 8ft. by 4ft., representing a Crown and anchor. Post-office Hotel-Transparency, sailor. Geo. Nicholls, bookseller-Five feet reflec- tor star, six points ; steamer in centre, silver rays. Mont de Piete-Three feet anchor in gas, with letters P. A. on either side. Butcher's Arms Hotel (Strike's)-Trans- parency, 13ft. by 6ft,, representing Neptune guarding the Galatea, Victoria surrounded by the flags of all nations, beneath the lion and the kangaroo, and below this guns firing salutes ; on the right the City arms. Motto, " Victoria welcomes her noble Prince " W. E. Mooney-Three-feet star in gas, six points. London Tavern-Five-feet crown, in gas, with letters " D. E."on either side. Age Office.-Fight-feet star, with the word " Welcome" in the centre. J. M'Donnell and Co., grocers-St. An- drew's cross in gas, with letters "A. D. E." on either side. Geo. Robertson, bookseller-Transparency, by Chevalier, 20ft. by 12ft. The Prince seated on a triumphal car, and to him Victoria is pre- senting an olive branch. The car is drawn by Cupid's children and youthful bagpipers, and is accompanied by Literature, who is followed by Painting, Sculpture, and Architecture, three very appropriate devices, having regard to Mr. Robertson's business. The car is also enveloped with roses, flags, and standards, of various descriptions. In the back ground is the Post-office tower. James M'Ewan and Co., ironmongers- One portion of the extensive frontage is occupied by a very large glass transparency, fourteen feet by ten feet, representing the figure of Britannia seated on the shield and union jack, and bearing the trident, the figures in the background representing Com- merce, Peace, and Plenty, whilst the bottom panel has the anchor in medallion, sur- mounted by the Prince's coronet, supported by sea horses. The top panel is filled in with cherubs and ornamental scroll-work, with "Welcome" very neatly wrought in. The whole of this transparency is surrounded by very handsome ornamental glass border. The other frontage on the three first floor windows has also three very well executed glass trans- parencies, the centre one representing the Duke in medallion in his naval uniform, surrounded with sea nymphs, flags, and naval insignia ; on the right of this is the Duke's shield, with back ground of mantling supported by tridents ; on the left is the star of the most noble Order of the Thistle, with the national motto of Scotland, " Nemo me impune lacessit," around the centre. Sur- mounting these, and on the upper story, is a very fine-cut crystal. Brunswick star of large size, brilliantly lighted ; the effect of which is very good- the varied hues from the crystal shining to great advantage. The whole of the glass transparencies were exe- cuted by Messrs. Ferguson, Urie, and Lyon, and certainly reflect credit on the firm, the design and execution of the work having been carried out with great taste. At 49 Elizabeth-street, occupied by G. W. Perry, photographic artist ; J. M'Kean, soli- citor; S. Gillott, solicitor; Crouch and Wilson, architects, there was a grand display of the electric light, the occupants subscribing the necessary funds. The batteries were prepared by Mr. G. W. Perry, and the affair passed off most successfully. The light was exhibited from the roof of the house, and, notwith- standing the brilliancy of the other illumi- nations, the light could be distinctly seen as far as the Treasury on one hand, and Latrobe- street on the other. E. Smythers, wine merchant-Four-foot star, in gas. The English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank-A transparency, 25ft. by 13ft" painted by Chevalier. The whole of the back ground to the left con- sists of a view of the city of Edinburgh (the new town), looking from Castle- hill to Princes-street. The principal places no- ticed are St. Andrew's Church, Lord Mel- ville's monument, Dugald Stewart's, Burns's, Scott's, and Nelson's monuments, with, in the distance, the pillars of the Greek temple commenced years ago, but which the energy which initiated it has never been able to complete. In front is a representation of the Royal Institution, one of the finest build- ings in the city. To the right is a view of the old town, -with its old-fashioned, clumsy houses, varying in height from six to eight storeys. In the foreground are colossal figures of Britannia with a trident, supported by Scotland leaning on a sword, and Aus- tialia bearing a cornucopia. In the lower part of the picture are the armorial bearings of the colony and England. Along the front of the building, above and beneath the transparency, were two rows of gas jets. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co.-A star five feet in height, surmounted by the letter " A " in gas-piping, three feet high. Henry Brooks, ironmonger - An eight pointed star, five feet in diameter ; beneath, the letters "A. D.E." in gas jets two feet high. Full and Plenty. Restaurant-Representa- tion in zinc of a rising sun. Railway Hotel-Representation of Galatea in full sail, with motto beneath: "Victoria welcomes Victoria's son." De Gruchy and Leigh, stationers-Trans- parency, 7ft by 5ft., representing the Duke's arms and the Royal arms. Motto, " Victoria welcomes Alfred, England's Prince." W. Wright, grocer-Transparency, 4ft. square, representing a medallion portrait of the Duke Motto, "Welcome to Australia." Old Lamb Inn-Crown in gas. G. Rhodes, tinsmith-Circle of gas. Times Hotel-Transparency, 10ft by 8ft, in the centre the Galatea, with motto, "Arri- val of the Sailor Prince," to the right and left respectively, the Duke's arms, and those of the city. S. House and Co , merchants-Two trans- parencies, crown and star. Scarlett and Marr, grocers-Transparency, 8ft by 5ft, representing a medallion portrait of the Prince, supported by Britannia and Australia, and surrounded by flags. Motto, "Welcome " A. Barry, bootmaker-Transparency, 6ft. by 4ft, crown and star. Chas. Wilson, tentmaker-Statuary, flowers, &c; , surrounded by a gas wreath, 12ft by 7ft, in the form of the letter " A " Moss Isaacs, pawnbroker -Letter "A" in gas. Liverpool, London, and Globe Insurance Company-A star of the order of the thistle, 10ft m diameter , over this a line of gas jets, the whole surmounted by ten lighted urns, emblematic of the business of an insurance office. Universal Marine Insurance Company-A circle of gas in the form of laurel leaves with an anchor in the centre, and a transparency on glass of the Royal arms, over each window, a star in gas, 2ft in diameter. Lazarus and Co , importers-Crown in gas, 5ft. J. Harris and Co., boot merchants-Pyra- mids of candles. Bush Inn-Star, 4ft, eight points Crouch and Wilson architects-Trans- parency on glass the Royal arms. G. H. Burns, grocer-Star, 5ft, six points J Eagan, butcher-Two transparencies of Edinburgh Castle with mottoes, " Welcome Royal Duke," and " Alfred ." T. Plummer, chemist-Five pointed star Dunlea and Nicholson, grocers-Trans- parency, 6ft by 4ft, city arms, with mottoes, Welcome Prince Alfred," and "Long Live Our Queen. " Williams's Hotel-Two transparencies 6ft by 4ft, the royal arms with motto, "Wel- come Our Sailor Prince, and city arms, with "Long Live the Queen." Spanish Hotel-Transparency, 8ft by 4ft, female figure, holding a wreath in one hand and a harp in the other Motto, ' ' Cead mille falta' T. Tompson Bates, ironmonger-Three transparencies, each four feet, variegated colours with black ground. In the centre, crown and two stars with motto "God Save the Queen" , to the right, anchor and two stars-motto, "Welcome Royal Sailor," to the left, anchor and two stars - motto, "Long Live the Queen " J Archer-Transparency: ship R. Scott, dentist-Transparency: crown H. Marks-Transparency medallion of the Prince, surrounded by rose, thistle, and sham- lock. J. Adams leather merchant-Two trans- parencies, St Andrew's cross, with motto, 'Prince Alfred,' and star, with motto, "Welcome " O. Connor's chambers-Four-feet star in gas Hotel de France-Transparency 8ft by 6ft: Britannia seated on a lion. Thomas R. Newing, oil merchant-Four feet star in gas. Clarence Hotel-Transparencies in the windows, representing the city arms, the Prince in uniform, the Dukes arms, the Galatea and the Edinburgh arms. Duke of Rothsay Hotel-Eight pointed star, 5ft. Neave and Wiseman-Two transparencies, representing the city arms, with a ship beneath, and the Royal arms. Albion Restaurant-Transparency 10ft by 8ft, representing Edinburgh Castle, with motto ' Welcome our Royal Duke ' R. Turner, tankmaker-Wreath of gas sur- rounding the words, also in gas, "Welcome, our Sailor Prince. ' BOURKE STREET. This the great business thoroughfare of the city made an appearance second in im- portance only to that of Collins street. The decorations used for the Parliament houses were specially designed to hide the unsightly mass of unfinished brickwork which offends the eye at the top of Bourke street. With this object in view, it was de- termined to cover the Spring street front of the Parliament buildings by electing an opaque picture in oil, pleasing to the view both by day and night, representing the line front originally designed as a portion of the Legis- lator halls , but unfortunately it could not be finished in time for the reception da, as origi- nally intended. The painting, which was on canvas supported by a substantial wooden framework, was 130ft. wide and 53ft. high, the whole work was ably exe- cuted by Messrs Pitt and Clarke, the artists. The windows of the mimic front were hung with crimson curtains and at night they were lit up so as to resemble the windows of a London club. In the centre of win- dows were painted heads of Walpole Palmer- ston, Cobden, Pitt, Chatham, Peel, Mansfield, Canning, Burke, and Fox , and above was a portrait of the Queen. The whole structure was surmounted by twelve classic figures and the general effect was very pleasing. The appearance of the street was brilliant in the extreme, the White Hart Hotel, Golds brough's stores, and Menzies new hotel especially making a fine appearance. The illuminations displayed the utmost variety, both of design and artistic merit; and it might have pulled a whole college of heralds to explain some of the em- blazonments, but they all contributed more or less to the general effect. The crowd was perhaps greater m Bourke street than any other portion of the city. At its intersection with the main cross streets there was a perfect maelstrom of foot passengers but admirable order was kept, and everyone was enabled to examine the various device without much personal inconvenience. The following is a list of the illuminations in this street beginning at the eastern end of the south side, and ending at the eastern end of the north side, which is as accurate and com- plete as the circumstances permit: - Mrs Flanner's White Hart Hotel-Tran- sparency of the royal coat of aims and the front windows of the hotel, forty in number lit up with candles arranged in pyramidal form. Dinte, tailor-Painted stars on window and bust of the Queen in front. S. Beaumont, wireworker-Large A formet of Chinese lanterns and an illuminated church composed of wire and painted calico Dwight's book store-Two coloured trans- parencies on perforated paper, one with "Welcome" at the top, "A E A " in the centre, and two anchors at foot, and the other, a crown, with the letters V. R. , and some ornamental work , also, stone busts of the Queen and Prince Albert placed on pedestals hung with red cloth, and overarcher by evergreens. J. D. Seymour wood-carver- Pyramids of candles with reflectors. White Horse Hotel-Arches of fern tree in front, lit up with Chinese lanterns, and small transparencies in windows. J. Hickey's print shop- Well-painted trans- parency 10ft by 7ft, representing His Excel- lency the Govenor welcoming the Prince J. W. Sayers, printer-Crown and star on cither side in transparency. J. M. Langley, china and glass dealer- Two transparenies the one representing a ship and crown, and the other an anchor. Manners Sutton Hotel-Gas illumination of anchor. Phillips, pawnbroker- Little coloured lamps in form of letter A. Bendigo Hotel-Gas illumination, star of St Andrew, star of the Garter, and Queen's crown in centre. Newing, paperhanger-Two transparencies. Artillery Hotel-Gas star over door, and candles in the windows. J. Jones, bootmaker-Star. Long and Co , sewing-machine emporium- Transparency 21ft long and 8ft across. The picture represents the landing of the Prince, with a figure of Victoria extending her right hand to him, while she points with the left to an Australian pastoral landscape, on whlch natives are depicted hunting the emu and kangaroo. On the extreme right of the picture two miners, who seem to have just left off work to cheer the Prince are holding aloft the American flag, and at the other end the Galatea is seen in the distance, with the boat's crew returning after landing the Prince, and a man-of-warsman unfurling a union jack on the shore. Above the figures of Victoria and the Prince, in the centre of the painting, hovers " The sweet little cherub that sits up aloft and keeps watch o'er the life of poor Jack,' and the whole is sur- rounded with the legend, " Every rank both great and small, industry supports them all.' The picture, which is extremely well done, was executed by Messrs. Gillett and Har- ford. L. L. Smith's surgery-Transparency in front of the upper storey, 10ft by 20ft, re- presenting the British lion defying an enemy. Apollo stands by the side of the lion in the attitude of shooting with his bow at the sup- posed enemy, and on the other side Hercules bids defiance with his club. Above is painted in large letters, as a free translation of the motto "Nemo me impune lacessit," "Take care how you tread on his tail ' In front of the verandah there were two gas illumina- tions, one consisting of a crown with an anchor on each side, and the other of a crown with a star on each side. Inside the surgery could be seen through the windows large globe reflectors in front of which were placed handsome models of the Royal state carriage of England, the Queen's private carriages, and the carriages of the lord major, the high sheriff, the under sheriff, the Duke of Wellington, and his Excellency the Governor. There was also exhibited in a glass frame a copy of the Sun newspaper of the date of the Queen's coronation, printed in gold, and having a large medal- lion portrait of Her Majesty on it; together with a copy of the Sun printed in blue of the date of the marriage of the Prince and Prin- cess of Wales. G Brunet, tobacconist-Large transpa- rency of the Queen. Polytechnic hall-Crown and star in gas. J. Dickie, plumber-Large thistle and P. A in gas. J. Ruddell, provision store-Transparency of a man-of-warsman. Royal Haymarket Hotel-Three handsome stars of coloured glass, lit up from behind with revolving gas burners. East Melbourne Hotel-Transparency of the Prince, with a sailor on each side. H. Goebel, tobacconist-Large reflector star J. Hanks, tea mart-Festoons of coloured lamps. Geo. Mirfin, plumber-Large reflector illu- minator, star, and other designs encircled by the words " Thrice welcome Royal Prince " P. S. Philips, china and glass warehouse A pyramid of candles in each window frame with vases of flowers on each side, and festoons of coloured lamps in front City Bullet-Transparency 12ft by 10ft, representing a lion and figure of Britannia with the motto "Cead mille failthe" above and the words Alfred and the navy- England's pride and glory" below. The design adopted at Stanford and Co 's sewing-machine repository was novel. The whole parapet of the building was encircled by a low of white stars in glass edged with gold , in every pane of the windows of the upper storey was a star cut out of a crimson lake ground painted on the windows and the windows of the middle storey were filled with stars similarly designed but grouped in various forms. When lit up, the windows had the appearance of richly stained glass ornamented with stars. The Hummums Hotel displayed a trans- parency of allegorical design, 12ft by 7ft. The Prince was represented surrounded by female figures typical of the various products of an agricultural country presenting offerings. At one end of the picture were the royal arms and at the other the arms of the Duke of Edinburgh. The background was filled in with a view of the sea and the Galatea at anchor. The painting, which was very effective, was executed by Messrs. Gillett and Halford. J. P. Maguire, auctioneer, transparency of the Prince. Domestic Bazaar - Transparency represent- ing Victoria going to meet the Prince in the Bay in a car drawn by swans. G. K. Johnston, auctioneer - Transparency of the Prince. V. A. Muller, tobacconist-Reflector star. The Varieties-Gas illumination, "Varie- ties," in letters 4ft high, with a crown at each side. Allen's Gin Palace - Large portraits of the Prince and Queen painted in transparency, by Gillett and Harford , also on front of veran- dah, a figure of a digger with cradle windlass, &.c , and motto ' Welcome one and all. " Muskett, bookseller-Two transparencies, the Queen and arms of the Duke of Edin- burgh, and ' Welcome" worked in coloured flowers-the letters about 2ft high, with festoons of lanterns. Denis Brothers, jewellers, adopted a design which was rather striking. The front of the verandah was dressed with garlands and flags, the French flag and the union jack being united, and above were disposed a number of coloured crystal globes. "Vive le Prince Alfred." was spelt in letters composed of flowers, and above appealed in coloured glass the words, ' Welcome to Victoria " L. F. Schobert, tobacconist-Reflector star. A. Solomons, outfitter-Gas star, with "A" in the centre. Royal Mail Hotel-Transparency, thirty- eight by twelve. The painting contains three large pictures. The centre panel is filled by a representation of the Heads (showing the lighthouses) with the Galatea sailing through, pilot boat No 2 occupying a position inside, and pilot boat No 1 a position outside, the Heads. In the second panel is painted a figure of Victoria and emblems of commerce , and in the third a digging scene with miners and their implements. The mottoes were, "Hail Galatea Welcome,' Prosperity, Peace, and Happiness, " and ' Plenty Re- wards Labour ' The picture was executed by Mr. Gregory, marine artist. Leviathan Clothing Establishment-"Le- viathan" in large gas letters, with crown above. Fougery'-s Colonial Wine Store-Rows of gas jets along the verandah. National Bank of Australasia-Gas star, about five feet high (the most brilliant in the street), with 'P.A' in centre. Bull and Mouth Hotel-A transparency, painted by Mr. Thos. Wright. The picture represents Neptune, who has drawn up to the beach in his car to apprise Victoria of the arrival of the Galatea, waiting for instruc- tions to bring the Prince ashore. Victoria appears seated on the beach surrounded by various emblems of her products. Spanish Restaurant-Gas star. Victoria Baths-Two anchors with a star surrounded by letters of the word "Welcome, in gas. Canterbury Music hall - Large anchor in gas. City Music hall-Reflector stars Hosie's Scotch Pie shop-Transparency, about twelve feet by eight giving an exten- sive view of the town of Edinburgh, showing Calton-hill, Arthurs Seat, Nelson's monu- ment, Burns's monument, the National monument, and a view of the South-bridge , and gas star front of the verandah Thomas Raine, ironmonger - transparency of the English and Edinburgh coats of arms, Cornwall Arms Hotel-Gas star with 'A " in the centre. G. and J. Sanderson, hat manufacturers- Two transparencies, representing the Royal arms, with the Duke's coronet and motto, &c.; Levy Brothers importers-Anchor between letters " A. A." in gas. Original Scotch Pie shop - Gas star, and festoons of Chinese lanterns above the para- pet. City Coffee and Chop House - Transparency of ship. Mechanics' Restaurant - Gas star, with let- ters "A. E. A. ' in centre. Beehive Outfitting Establishment - Large gas star with reflector, having a beehive in the centre. Geo. Nicholls, stationer - Reflector star, With ship in glass in the centre. Thos. Evans tent and flag maker-Trans- parency, 22ft x 12ft, painted by Hickford and Hughes. The centre group consists of a spirited painting of Neptune, drawn in a tnumphal car by sea horses, with attendant deities. On one side is Britannia, who is represented pointing to a colossal figure of the Prince on the other side. Britannia is supported by the national emblems, and the Prince by the emblems of naval warfare , with a view of the Galatea in the distance. In the panel occupied by the Prince is the line, ' Alfred, the Hope and Pride of the British Navy." A. Strettle and Co - Transparency, about 9x8, representing a novel subject. The picture portrays a portion of the mytho- logical history of Acis and Galatea. The fabled sea nymph, who has just risen from a stream, is depicted gazing inconsolably at the fountain which she is said to have changed her lover into after his death at the hands of his jealous rival Polyphemus. The centre panel is surrounded by reeds and lilies, supported on one side by an emu and on the other by a kangaroo. The whole is surmounted by the word " Welcome ' in large white letters, and underneath are the Duke's coronet and motto. The base is com- posed of three shields, viz, the Dukes, Britannia's and Victoria's with the mottoes "Dieu et mon droit," and "Advance Aus- tralia," supported by the lion and unicorn. J. Leverett and Son, saddlers - Two trans- parencies, one representing the Duke of Edinburgh on board the Galatea, and the other the British and Victorian coats of arms combined. Flying Send Hotel - Transparency of the Duke of Edinburgh, with evergreens and flags. Kaye and Butchart, station agents-Letters "A. E. A. " over 2ft high, and star above, in gas. Martin's Australian Hotel - Flags and ever- greens, and three transparencies, representing Victoria welcoming the Duke, His Royal Highness's coat of arms, and the British and Australian arms combined. W. Owston and Co , flour importers - tran- sparency of the Prince. Marks Moss - Brunswick star. Britannia Hotel - Transparency, 8ft. by 6ft., showing a large figure of Britannia, with a ship in the distance. R. Reany, saddler - Illuminated with can- dles with reflectors at back. Rolfe and Co.'s warehouse-Large crown in gas. Dalgety and Blackwood's warehouse - Transparency, twenty feet by fourteen feet, painted by Messrs. Gill and Pain. The centre panel is occupied by a moonlight view of a native corroboree, supported by figures of Britannia and Neptune ; on the left is seen the shipping at the Sandridge Pier, carry- ing the flags of Dalgety and Co. From the upper comers of the central picture spring flags of all nations ; beneath are the British and colonial shields, with a representation of Edinburgh Castle, and emblems of the arts of war and peace ; and the whole is sur- mounted by a crown set in a halo. Menzies' new hotel was brilliantly illumi- nated. In the central portion of the middle story, facing Bourke-street, were " A. E. A." in large gas letters, and the three win- dows on either side were occupied by as many stars in gas, the design alternating. There was also a large gas star in each of the seven windows facing William-street. G. H. Creese, baker-Small transparency showing Crown and " P. A." Rose of Australia Hotel-Crown in gas. Thomas M'Pherson's warehouse - Trans- parency, 9x7, representing the Duke of Edinburgh, supported by figures of Victoria and Britannia, with the Royal arms above and the colonial arms at the foot of the picture. Southern Cross Hotel-Gas star, with "A." in centre. Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co.-;-Six feet Brunswick star of sixty-four points, with " A." in the centre. R. Goldsbrough and Co., wool-brokers- Candles in each window, and a line of gas jets all round the first floor of the building, with large gas star in the centre. W. Lovell, furniture warehouse - Two transparencies, one showing a crown with "V.R." and "God save the Queen," and the other the letters " E. A." and " Welcome Alfred," surrounded by flags. St. Patrick's Hall-Harp in gas. Crystal Palace Hotel-Large transparency, extending entirely across the upper story. The picture is divided into three compart- ments. The centre cartoon, measuring 9ft. x 12ft., represents the Govenor welcoming the Prince and Galatea to Victoria. The Galatea, on an oval shield in the centre, sur- mounted by the Royal arms, is encircled by a blue ribbon bearing the device "Welcome Galatea with your Royal freight." Beneath the oval are the rose, shamrock, and thistle. On the right is a portrait of the Prince, on the left a tolerably faithful likeness of the Gover- nor. Above the Prince is Edinburgh Castle, and over the Governor's portrait a kangaroo. On the prominent ribbons above and below the picture are the words, "Welcome noble Prince, the Navy's pride, to Victoria." The whole picture is looped up with a cable, which describes a simple and elegant figure round the two portraits, terminating in anchors which form the supports of the base. The right-hand cartoon, measuring 9ft. x 8ft. re- presents two emus, forming a picture en- circled by grapes, and surmounted by the colonial arms, with trophies of flags running out on each side, with the device on the rib- bon " Advance Australia, our adopted home." The left hand cartoon, in the same proportion, represents kangaroos, surmounted by the city arms, the device being " Flourish Melbourne, mistress of the South." The painting was designed and executed by Mr. William Handcock, a student of the Royal Academy. Above the parapet was a large reflector star, and beneath the transparency was a string of variegated lamps. G. D. Howie-Gas star. King and Cuningham, stock and station agents-Transparency of the Duke of Edin- burgh, with the Royal arms, &c.; J. Jenkins, saddler-Gas star. Citizen Restaurant-Transparency of orna- mental design. Morton's Hotel - Transparencies with "Welcome son of our beloved Queen," in six different languages. D. Alston, saddler-Large gas star, with letter " A" in centre. T. Warburton, iron merchant-Three trans- parencies, the subjects being the Queen in her robes of state, the Duke's crown, and the Duke's coat of arms. Dowling's Plough Inn-Masonic emblems in gas. Johnstone and O'Shanassy's photographic studio, over, premises of Hugh Copeland, draper-Three well-executed transparencies the first containing a remarkably good like- ness of the Governor, the second a portrait of the Prince, and the third a picture of the Queen ; all three being 8ft. high. Robertson and Moffat, drapers-Three transparencies painted in oil on glass, by Ferguson and Urie, consisting of a large portrait of the Queen sitting in her robes of state, a crown, and the Royal coat of arms. These pictures had the appearance of stained glass, and the effect was very good. Charlwood and Son, printing office-Letters 'V.R.," with star in gas, encircled by words ' Welcome Alfred." Buckley and Nunn, drapers- Large trans- parency, painted by Mr. Thomas Wright, consisting of medallion portraits represent- ing Victoria welcoming the Prince on his landing, supported on one side by a figure of Britannia and on the other by a figure of Liberty. T. Y. Anderson and Co., drapers-Trans- parency, 12 x 8, representing a marine picture, depending from the bill of an alba- tross, whose outstretched wings cover the whole. The subject is a ship at sea, and running through an ornamental border of flags is the motto in ribbon " Welcome Royal sailor, pride of the British Fleet ; swiftly may your noble ship convey you o'er the deep." Albion Hotel-A large transparency, cover- ing the greater portion of the upper story. The subject is Victoria welcoming the Duke of Edinburgh. The Prince, who has just descended from Neptune's car, is stepping on to a carpet, on which is inscribed the word " Welcome," spread at his feet by an aborigi- nal, and Victoria is shaking hands with him. On the extreme right of the picture is a large figure of Britannia. The Galatea is seen in the distance; and the car of the marine deity, drawn by sea horses and surrounded by tritons, covers half the canvas. The atti- tude of the blackfellow was remarkably true to nature, the figure of the sea-god was ex- tremely well drawn, and the picture alto- gether reflects great credit on the artist, Mr. Croft. Royal Mail Coach Offices-Large and well- painted transparency, the upper portion con- taining a representation of the Prince being conveyed ashore in Neptune's car ; and the base occupied by a carriage drawn by six greys, in which the Governor and the Prince are seated. W. J. Dunkley, bootmaker-Transparency of the Royal arms. Hatton and Laws, chemists-Transparency of Britannia. James Murray and Co., watchmakers-Gas star. Nissen's Café-Illumination, with about fifty coloured lanterns. Elder, jeweller-Illumination in coloured lanterns, with letter "A.,"&c.; A. Jude and Co., jewellers, and George Mowling, bootmaker, had a transparency fifteen feet by nine, between their shop fronts. The picture represented Britannia crowning the Prince with a laurel wreath, the order of the thistle, entwined with acorns, the Edin- burgh crest with motto " Nisi Dominus frustra," the Galatea at anchor, and the motto in ribbon "England expects that every man will do his duty. ' G. Watts, boot store-Reflector star, with coat of arms in the centre. Monster Clothing Company-Large crown, and " Monster Clothing Company " in gas. Cockburn, confectioner-Gas star. Messrs. Cookson and Brown, clothiers Transparency, 12ft. by 8ft., painted by Gillett and Harford, the subject being the Royal arms of Scotland, with red lion ram- pant on gold shield, with two unicorns as supporters, and the motto " Nemo me im- pune lacessit." Theatre Royal - A handsome transparency, 30 x 12, painted by Mr. Hennings. The subject is Britannia, bearing a banner, on which is inscribed the Royal arms, and riding in a car drawn by sea-horses, round which are figures of boys holding baskets of flowers. The words "Australia's greeting" were written below, and there wero other congratulatory sentences in festooned drapery. Café de Paris-Large reflector star. A. M'Donald, photographer-A spirited painting of St. George and the dragon. Geo. and R. Meares, linen drapers Transparency, 17 x 9, painted by Mr. Roberts. The principal subject of the pic- ture is Neptune's car, drawn by sea-horses, and figures of Industry and Commerce on either side, with the Victorian arms. The various trading interests are represented, and that of mining by a pyramid of gold. The windows of the upper story were occupied by nine smaller transparencies of various de- signs, with inscriptions bidding the Duke of Edinburgh welcome. Broadbent and Kitchingman, grocers Transparency, I0 x 9, representing the Prince supported by figures of Victoria, Britannia, the Royal arms, an emu and kangaroo; &c.; ; with the Galatea below and an anchor at each side. A. Lockyear, haircutter - Gas star. North British Hotel-Transparency, 10 x 10, representing the Duke of Edinburgh, with the Royal arms above, and a ship at each side of the picture. The windows were also lit up with pyramids of candles. Temple of Pomona-" Alfred" in gas letters 3ft. 6in. high, and festoons of Chinese lanterns and flags. Enoch Taylor-Transparency, 12ft. by 8ft., painted by Gillett and Harford, representing Victoria offering a crown to Prince Alfred, supported on the right by a figure of Plenty, with fruit, flowers, grain, &c;, and on the left by a boat with sailors bearing the union- jack. Above were inscribed the words :- " Welcome thou Royal Prince, Thy love to us evince, Accept this crown ;" and beneath was painted the music of the National Anthem, to which these words are set. A. Gascard, colonial wine rooms-Two transparencies, one containing a figure of Britannia, and the other filled with the several shields of the Swiss cantons. Tattersall's Hotel-Large crown and " Tat- tersalls " in gas. The Waxworks- Reflector, star, and ever- greens. G. Rogers, tailor - Festoons of coloured lamps. B. J. W. Hansen, draper -Transparency of Britannia, with lion and anchor at side. Wenzel and Eves, watchmakers-Gas star. Skinner's Crinoline Emporium- Illuminated by a large frame of glass crystals, lit up from the back. P. Gosling, draper-Gas star. Garrick's Head Hotel-Kerosene lamps in windows, and transparency 12ft. x 15ft., painted by Mr. Pitt, containing a representa- tion of the British lion, with the motto, " True to the core." R. Lorimer, draper-Transparency, twelve feet by seven, painted by Gillett and Harford, the central figure of which was the Galatea. On one side was a sailor, with union-jack, and on the other a Highlander, with flag of Scot- land. The extreme ends were occupied by figures of Ceres and Plenty, and the arms of the Prince and of the city of Edinburgh were also depicted. L. P. Bickerstaff, draper-Transparency of Prince. T. K. Bennet, butcher - Transparency, thirty-two feet long and twelve feet high, paintcd in oil, by Watts. The trans- parency consisted of three pictures en- closed in wreaths. That in the centre was a well-painted representation of the Galatea anchored off Sandridge ; the right of the picture was occupied with a figure of the Prince, in naval uniform, standing on the deck of his ship ; and the left with a por- trait of the Queen, in robes of state. The mottoes were, ' ' "Welcome to our Sailor Prince, ' and "Success to the Galatea." The trans- parency was lit up by sixty gas lights, and looked extremely well. London Chartered Bank of Australia-Gas illumination of " A.E.A," in gigantic letters and crown above. Long and Son, chemists-A very pretty pic- ture, painted by Chevalier, about eight feet by six feet. The subject is Victoria reclining under the shade of a fern-tree (round whose trunk bush flowers are climbing), while she gazes on a ship some distance from the shore. Her left hand rests upon the Victorian shield. beneath which are represented fruits and flowers, and other products of the colony; and at her feet a tame kangaroo is seated. Great Eastern Diningrooms-Transparency representing steamship Great Eastern. Geo. Vickers, hosier-Gas star. Debit de Vin Colonial- Gas star. G. C. Lesh, grocer, and De Dollon, colonial wine store-Transparency extending over both shop-fronts, representing a French soldier shaking hands with a British sailor. B. Lee, ironmonger-Picture of Her Ma- jesty in regal robes, 10ft. high, painted Freyberger, with the words " God bless her." Eve's City Baths-Gas star, and flag decora- tions. Colonial Wine Store-Large gas star. T. Hodgkins, draper-Gas star. Skinner, draper-Gas star. J. W. Pierce, tobacconist-Transparency 15ft. long, representing the Galatea ; a man of-war's man standing at each side ; the Duke's coat of arms, and the words" God speed the ship. " George Petty, butcher-A spirited painting on canvas, loft, by 13ft., representing a native corroboree, with the Duke's coat of arms and the Australian arms at the corners. This picture came from Sydney, and is to be sent back to be used for the illuminations there. Also gas illumination of a crown, with letter " V." between letters "A. A." Market Hotel-Transparency of the Prince Liverpool Hotel-Gas star and transparency of the Prince. W. Kleiser, jeweller-Gas star, and flags. Chiswell, confectioner-Transparencies of crown, and other devices. Uncle Tom's Pawn-office-Gas star. Hooker, clothier-" Welcome" in device of evergreens. M'Farlane and Morris, tailors-Trans- parency. Fletcher, hat maker-Transparency repre- senting an exquisite, with the line under neath, " Who's your hatter ?" Christian Franz, tobacconist-Chinese lan- terns. Newmarket Hotel-Three transparencies severally bearing the words "Victoria wel- comes Victoria's Son ;" " Benson's Welcome to our Noble Guest ;" and-" Long may he Float on the Ocean of Life." W. Higginbotham, wigmaker-Flags and Chinese lanterns, and transparency showing a figure of Fame welcoming Victoria's son. E. Cunliff, grocer-Transparency showir a figure of the Prince on the deck of a man-of war. F. J. Hilton, grocer-Transparency of Galatea, and Manchester coat of arms. B. J. Marks, miscellaneous repository-Gas star. J. Levy, tobacconist-Wooden figure of a Scotchman, and drapery showing the initials "A. E. A.," "E. U." (Earl of Ulster), and " D. E." (Duke of Edinburgh). G. Hall, draper-Gas star. Victorian Wine Vaults-Illuminated bunch of grapes on coloured glass. Excelsior Hotel-Candles and lamps in the windows. Imperial Hotel-Transparency, about 15ft. x 12ft. of novel design, consisting of a frame work with stars of various colours, and large crystal anchor inside ; and the rose, shamrock, and thistle entwining the British oak painted on the exterior, with the motto "Welcome Alfred." On the Spring-street front of the hotel there was also a transpa- rency giving a pretty view of Windsor Castle. SWANSTON-STREET. The great feature of this street was the illumination of the Town-hall, which was magnificent, and threw everything near it into the shade. The Public Library was almost lost from view, in consequence of its being insufficiently lighted ; but the designs at the other prominent buildings were most effective, and after the streets of Collins and Bourke, Swanston-street attracted the largest share of public attention. The following a list of the principal illuminations : American Hotel-Three transparencies, with mottoes of welcome to the Prince. County Court Hotel-Transparency of the Prince. Prince George Hotel-Two transparencies and candles in the windows. Talbot Hotel-Transparencies. Stevenson and Elliott, coachbuilder Flags and coloured lamps. Travellers' Home Hotel-Transparencies. W. Thurgood, baker-Transparency of the Prince and Galatea. Manchester Unity Hall-Transparency, 12ft. x 10ft., of emblem of the Manchester Unity. H. Schlamm, jeweller-Small transparency. Hoelskin, confectioner-Illumination with candles. Strangers' Home Hotel-Illumination with candles. M. Goldstein, pawnbroker-Thistle in gas. E. Youlden, butcher-Gas star. J. Currie, grocer-Transparency of Galatea, with a portrait of the Prince on one side and a man-of-war's man on the other. Roscommon Arms Hotel-Transparency. J. Gerson, fancy goods store-Crystal star. A. Cohen, glass and china warehouse- Dis- play of coloured lamps. E. Schlobach, tobacconist-"Welcome Alfred" in various coloured paper letters, illu- minated from inside. G. Chapman, musicseller - Ornamental transparencies. Cleat's Hotel-Large gas star, with letter A on each side. I. Barnett, jeweller-Gas star. W. Isard, fancy store-Two transparencies, representing figures of Britannia and Vic- toria. F. Burston, bootmaker-Crystal star. C. Staff, paper flower maker-Gas star on the verandah, "Welcome" in large letters of flowers, with a representation of an anchor on one side, and a star on the other. Earl of Zetland Hotel - Transparercy, about 12 x Io, containing a well-drawn repre- sentation of the Galatea in the bay ; also, a gas illumination, consisting of a crown be- tween two anchors, on each, side of the pic- ture. Thos. Byrne, oil and lamp store-Kerosene lamps in windows, with opal glass chimneys and large reflector. Law, Somner, and Co., seedsmen-Trans- parent window blinds, lighted from within. W. Ford and Co., chemists and druggists a well-painted transparency, 12ft. x 8ft., re- presenting the British shield supported by the lion and unicorn, with a soldier and sailor on either side, the flags of various nations intertwined, and the motto " Treu und fest." Maritime and General Credit Company- Brunswick star, about 4ft. high, with letter A in the centre. At Brown's Exchange Hotel a design which might have been more prevalent to the ad- vantage of the appearance of the street was adopted with success. At the corner was a likeness of the Duke, 13ft. by 7ft. 6in., painted in transparency, and each window was filled with various coloured devices on paper, lit up from behind, which had an extremely pretty effect. The designs were traced out on a dark paper by small perforations covered at the back by paper of different colours, and the light shining through gave the pictures something of the appearance of brilliantly coloured paintings. The whole of the work was executed by Master Mier. The subject of one illumination was a crown and anchor in a circle, and the letter "A," surrounded by flags and stars ; and in another were the words, "God bless Alfred," encircled by a wreath. There was also a likeness of the Duke and a representation of the Galatea done in the same style. Royal Oak Hotel, profusely decorated with festoons of flowers and evergreens, with hoops of flowers between each window and at the corners of the verandah, and ornamental lamps. C. Mould and Co., bootmakers-Figure of a Wellington boot in gas jets. F. W. Heinecke and Co., tobacconists-Two gas stars. C. J. and T. Ham, estate agents-Gas star. De Dollon's wine store-Transparency, re- presenting a figure of Peace about to crown a Zouave and a grenadier. Alfred Felton, wholesale druggist-Line of gas jets along the central cornice of the build- ing, with a gas star in the middle. Jos. Erskine, plumber-Anchor in gas. J. N. Reynolds' seed stores-Decorated with flowers, shrubs, and evergreens ; and lights in the windows. Civet Cat toy-shop-Figure of a cat in gas, Geo. Guyatt, surgical-instrament maker- Gas star. C. N. Beere, bookseller-"Alfred," and crown in flowers. T. Taylor, ham warehouse-Transparency of ship. Willcox and Gibbs, sewing machine depot- Gas star. Queen's Arms Hotel-Gas star. R. Walker, wine and spirit merchant-Gas star. M'Ewan and Co., merchants-Large crown, with letter A on each side, in gas. Lyell and Brown, grocers-Crown, in gas. N. M'Lean, wholesale grocer-Four trans- parencies, representing the Australian coat of arms, Britannia, the Galatea, and the Prince. Whitney, Chambers, and Co.-Large gas star. Freemasons' Hotel-Transparency, with the words, "A loyal welcomc to the son of our gracious Sovereign." Prince's-bridge Hotel-Transparency, 12ft. by 10ft., representing the Prince, surrounded by allegorical figures and emblems. The principal illumination of the Fish Market was a large allegorical picture erected at the Swanston-street front, painted for the corporation by Mr. O. R. Campbell, of Collins- street. This transparency, the dimensions of which were 24ft. by l6ft., was very much ad- mired. The subject chosen by the artist is Neptune conveying the Duke of Edinburgh to the shores of Victoria. The marine deity is supposed to be in charge of His Royal Highness, and conveys him, accompanied by his attendant tritons, safely across his watery dominion. The Prince is standing in a nautilus shell (the shell which it is supposed first suggested the idea of a boat to the in- ventive genius of man), attached to the car of Neptune, which is drawn by sea horses, with Tritons leading and guiding them, while overhead Fame heralds the approach of Royalty. To the right, in the sea, Tritons sound their marine trumpets,-the nymphs of the Australian waters rush forward through the waves to welcome the Prince, and water deities are seen to the left keeping watch to guard the Royal visitor against dangers from the rocks of the coast. On shore, a figure of Victoria, with outstretched arms, expresses welcome, a vast crowd behind exhibits the enthusiasm of the people, Cupids in the air tell of love and loyalty, and an ornamental canopy and tent are indicative of hospitality. On the Flinders-street front of the Fish Mar- ket were initials "A. E. A.," in gigantic letters of gas. City Baths.-Star, in gas, seven feet high, with motto of the garter. The design determined on by the Reception Commission for the Public Library consisted in the erection in wood and and canvas of the portico of the building, as represented in the original plan of the still unfinished struc- ture ; and the work was placed in the hands of Messrs. Kursteiner and Freyberger. There were eight Corinthian columns, with caps and entablature, the ornamental portions, such as the caps and dentils, being painted, and the pediment was filled with a transparency of the Royal coat of arms, 10ft. high and 8ft wide. The whole was lit up with 400 little tin lamps filled with oil, and disposed so as follow the architectural lines of the building. Star Hotel-Gas star. Gittus, umbrella maker-Gas illumination of an umbrella. S. Solomon's furniture warehouse-Bruns- star, about 4ft. high. S, H. Roberts, painter-Ship in trans- parency. Foos's Hotel-Pyramids of candles in each window, and flags. Lucas and Sons, confectioners-Anchor in gas. Marks Woolf- Ornamental transparency. A. Goldberg, tobacconist-Gas star. W. Greig, fancy warchouse-Star, in trans- parency. T. Clement's luncheon-rooms-Anchor, in gas, about five feet high, star at each side, and transparencies. Garton's Hotel-Seven-pointed gas star, about eight feet high, with the word ." Wel- come" in a circle in the centre, enclosing the letters "A. E. A. :" also three rows of globe lamps round the hoteL This illumination was very effective. The Corporation spared no expense to make the building with which that body is most intimately connected a great feature in the city illuminations, and their liberality was not misplaced. The design adopted accorded well with the architectural peculiarities of the structure, and the result was very striking. The massive front of the Town-hall, from basement to parapet, was literally ablaze, the whole facade being outlined in jets of gas, supplied by four-inch pipes. The central figure of the illumination was a coat of arms about 21ft. across and 14ft. high, flanked by the letters " A.E." and "A." 16ft. across and 9ft., high. In the freize of the entablature, run ning the whole length of the building, ap- peared the words " God save the Queen " in letters upwards of 2ft. in length ; and the whole was surmounted by a crown 8ft. wide placed on the parapet, and thrown into strong relief by dark boarding at the back. The Swanston-street front of the District Court House was illuminated with a thousard festoons and pendants of coloured glass lamps, 4in. apart. C. Frahm, dairyman-Gas star. Batchelder and O'Neil's print shop- Gas star. Collingwood Gas Company-Circular star, about 5ft. high, in gas. Crystal Tavern-Transparency of Prince. The illuminations on Prince's-bridge, the principal entrance to Melbourne from the south, were of a very noticeable character. Two triumphal arches had been erected from designs furnished by Mr. R. Wilson, of Crouch and Wilson, architects. Each arch was twrenty-nine feet wide, springing from piers 4ft. 6in. x 9ft. 6in. on either side, built in the recesses at each end of the bridge, leaving the road and footpaths clear. The height of the arches in the centre was twenty-two feet. The piers, which rose thirty-two feet high, were painted with material representing red granite in a framework of marble, with gold mouldings surmounted by emblazoned heraldry. The arches were also panelled out in a similar manner, and bore various mo- toes. At the southern approach were the words "Enter Royal Duke,"and on the re- verse, " Welcome to Victoria." The arch at the northern approach had the mottoes " Welcome Alfred on the south side, and on the north " Long may he live." These mot- toes were all executed in variegated lamps, which at night greatly enhanced the beauty of the structure. Each arch was further crowned with the Royal anns and flags of all nations. The space between the arches, along the whole length of the bridge, was filled in with what may be termed festoons of trellis work, decorated with flags, flowers, and evergreens, and lighted with a profusion of variegated lamps. The painting was done by S. H. Roberts, of Swanston-street and Stewart and Harrison were the contractors. LONSDALE STREET. The appearance of Lonsdale street com- pared with either Collins or Bourke street was comparatively poor and ineffective. The places lighted were not numerous, and most of the illuminations were deficient in that ex- tent and power which gave such an effect to the other great streets of the city. There was, however one exception to this state of, things- we refer to the illuminated fountain at the Victorian Water Supply building. This was indeed one of the most effective displays of the night, and it is to be regretted that its remoteness from the scene of the more bril- liant illuminations prevented it from receiv- ing the attention which it deserved. In the first place, a powerful electric light was exhi- bited. It shone with remarkable brilliancy, and every object on which its rays were con- centrated was lighted up with almost meri- dian clearness, even the moths and night flies could be seen hovering within the range of its light. A large rockery sprung from the centre of the garden, and from it several jets of water fell into a large cistern below. The electric light was placed in a box at the top of the rockery and streaming through eight different lenses, it threw a brilliant colouring into the falling cascades of water. The effect was indescribably beautiful. The water was saturated with light, and appeared like one mass of molten gold. The various streams of water on falling into the pool below shot up sparkling scintillations of light, which added to the beauty of the spectacle. Altogether this was one of the most effective applications of science to illumination which we have ever witnessed and reflects great credit on Messrs. Vazie Symons and Francis, under whose care it was carried out. The other illuminations were not particularly brilliant and all the more important will be found comprised in the following list - Tankards Temperance Hotel - A large transparency, representing Neptune in a car drawn by sea horses, and accompanied by tritons and mermaids, on the one side is Britannia and on the other Victoria and at each corner a sailor with the union jack. The transparency is twelve feet by six and was painted by Gillett and Harford. Charles Snellgrove, diaper-A large trans- parency, representing the Prince being brought on shore by Neptune and attendant tritons. Charles Plunkett, chemist-Star, four feet in diameter with a glass transparency in the centre, representing Edinburgh Castle. Beehive Hotel- Star, and transparency of the Royal arms. St Francis' Cathedral- Brillant gas cross. Sinclair's Hotel-Brunswick star in gas. R. A. Ekman, furniture warehouse-A large transparency, representing Neptune and Amphitrite, with the Prince behind them, on a shell car drawn by sea horses, and surrounded by attendant mermaids. Stevenson and Elliot, coach builders- This establishment was illuminated with Chinese lamps so as to represent the rigging of a ship. A large pole sprang horizontally from the top of the building, and from the point of it four ropes were stretched, all hung w ith lanterns fore and aft and on each side upwards of sixty lanterns were employed and seventy or eighty carriage-lamps suspended along the building gave additional effect to the illumination Prince of Wales Hotel-Star in gas, with an anchor in the centre. Richard Hammond dyer- Star in gas. John Robertson, dyer-Transparency repre- senting Balmoral Castle, surmounted by the letters ' A. E. ' Galatea Baths-Small star. H. Cornwell, butcher-Two transparencies, portrait of the Prince, with Victoria and the letter A. The Black Eagle Hotel-Gas star, with a horizontal bar above surmounted by an eagle, with an illuminated crown. British American Boardinghouse- Trans- parency, with an anchor flag, and other de- vices, and the motto "Advance Australia " The Yan Yean Water Supply Office-Crown in gas. Charles Day, chemist-Transparency, with Galatea and the Dukes coat of arms, and the words, "Our Sailor Prince." Public Works Office-A transparent crown in glass, and lights in the windows. Prothonotary's Office-A crown in gas, and lights in the windows. John Mactier and Co , ironmongers-Three transparencies :portrait of the Duke, the Duke's arms, and portrait of the Queen Rosengren, piano maker-Portrait of the Duke. Prince of Wales Hotel-Star. Niagara Hotel-Transparency, representing the Galatea in full sail. R. Koppens steam manufacturing works- Transparency of Britannia seated on a lion, and the words, " Welcome to our Sailor Prince." L. Mueller, instrument maker-A star. John Andrew and Co , diapers-A stained glass crown. Perry and Son, locksmiths-A brilliant gas constellation. RUSSELL-STREET. The illuminations in Russell-street were not very numerous. They were chiefly con- fined to the divisions of the street lying be- tween Collins and Lonsdale streets, and although some glimmerings of light were seen beyond these points they seemed only to make " darkness visible." One of the best illuminations in this district was a Gothic star, displayed on the premises of Mr. Barnet, wholesale grocer. It was composed of glass, of every variety of colour. The design was elegantly executed, and altogether presented a most charming effect. Alcock and Co. had a brilliant transparency, in which a billiard- table formed the principal feature. The following were the principal illumina- tions: - Rowden Brothers, tinsmiths-Chinese and Venetian lanterns, pyramids of candles and flags. Madame de Courtet, milliner and dress- maker-A transparency in each window, on a portrait of Queen Victoria, and the other of the Empress Eugenie. Warne and Webster, clothing manufac- turers-Six window transparencies. The two principal represent Britannia and Vic- toria , and the four subsidiary ones consist of a portrait of the Queen, a portrait of the Duke of Edinburgh, a quartering of the Royal arms (the lion supporting the shield), and a quartering of the Dukes arms (the unicorn supporting the shield). A. M. Allard, butcher-A transparency, re- presenting Britannia with her aim on a bust of the Duke of Edinburgh, and a lion under- neath. J. Powell, watchmaker and jeweller-An illuminated clock, with a double circle of gas jets around , and Chinese lanterns along the top of the building. S. Sitch, plumber—A Brunswick star, with a glass transparency in the centre, repre- senting a quartering of the Duke's arms, surrounded by union jacks. B. Barnett, wholesale grocer—A magni- ficent gothic star in every variety of coloured glass. The star is surmounted by a crown in the same style, with the word "Welcome" under it. Below the star is the rose, the shamrock, and the thistle, with the letters "P A." This is one of the few illuminations displaying superior artistic skill, and was executed by Mr. Sitch. J. and A. Campi, looking glass manufac- turers-A transparency, representing the Galatea, with the emu on one side and the kangaroo on the other. Golden Fleece Hotel-A transparency, painted with a view of offering an English and a German welcome to the Prince. In the centre there is a figure of the Galatea, sur- rounded by the words " Wellkommen mit deinem Kuniglichen Befchlsnaber " On one side is the Coburg- Gotha coat of arms, and on the other side the English arms. Above and underneath are the words " Wellkommen in Victoria, ' and at each of the corners are the English and German titles of the Duke. Exford Hotel-Transparency showing Bri- tanina with her arm on the Duke of Edin- burgh. Trades Hotel-Star in gas, with letter "A." in the centre. Geo. Bradshaw, dealer-A model of the Galatea in full sail and in motion ; and a transparency, representing a soldier and a sailor supporting the English colours, and with the words, " At your service. ' Samuel Jacobson, pawnbroker-Portrait of Queen Victoria. Cross Keys Hotel-Illumination star, and figure of the Prince. New Exhibition Hotel-A transparent representing Neptune and Britannia, with a figure of the Galatea surrounded by a wreath of flags and the words, " Welcome to the Prince. ' Alcock and Co., billiard-table manufac- turers- A large transparency, fourteen feet by eleven, representing a billiard table sur- mounted by the Royal arms, with the Swords " Welcome Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh." Alfred Eldret's boot shop-Three stars. John Crosby, gasfitter-A transparency re- presenting the Duke and the Galatea. QUEEN-STREET. At the southern end of Queen-street almost as brilliant a show was made as in Collins and Bourke streets, and there were one or two individual illuminations which were not sur- passed elsewhere. The Oriental Bank was magnificently lighted. Wreaths of flame twined up the stone columns and curled round the mouldings, while lines of light marked out the cornices, pediment, &c.; ; all the architectural features of the building, in fact, were traced out, and illumined by dotted lines of light. The large full-length portrait of the Queen, with various coats of arms, done in glass, which was displayed in front of the Queen Insurance Company's buildings, attracted much notice. The colours were rich and beautifully blended, producing a most pleas- ing effect. In front of the new buildings of the Southern Insurance Company was one of the best transparencies exhibited. It was executed by Messrs. S. D. Gill and H. E. Pain, and consisted of a very truthful view of Queenscliff and the Heads, with the Gala- tea passing the batteries. The lighthouses and other buildings, the batteries, &c.;, were plainly shown, together with the opposite shore. In the foreground was the Prince being drawn through the water in Neptune's car. The horses and other figures were boldly executed, and the richness of the colouring made the transparency a most effective one. Three small but charming transparencies exhibited by Mr. F. B. Franklyn also at- tracted much notice. They were views of colonial scenery copied by Mr. Henry Gritten from paintings previously executed by him, and they respectively bore the mottoes, " Wel- come to our bays and rivers, "Welcome to our cities and towns," and "Welcome to our creeks and lakes." The first was a view taken near Williamstown, showing the old Greenwich pier ; and the second was a view of Melbourne, from the Botanical-gardens; while the third sketch, which was made to front Flinders-lane, was a pretty piece of forest scenery, with a sparkling rivulet in the foreground. These views were executed in style far above the common, and looked more like paintings than transparencies. Amongst others may be mentioned the illumination in gas of the Melbourne Banking Company, and the neat though effective transparency of the London and Lancashire Insurance Company. ''The Government buildings in this street were very simply illuminated. At the offices of the Board of Agriculture was a design in coloured glass, exhibiting the Duke of Edin- burgh's arms ; and the building used for the purposes of the Mining department was lighted up by candles arranged in pyramids in each of the windows. The following is a list of the more prominent illuminations in this street :- Oriental Bank—The pillars in front of the building, five in number, wreathed in spiral form with jets of gas, lines of gas along the cornice, and following the architectural fea- tures of the building, the mouldings of the pillars, &c.; : at the summit of the building a number of flambeaux. Webster Brothers, and W. Peterson and Co.—Transparencies in the six first- floor win- dows. In the centre portraits of the Queen and the Prince, supported by the Royal arms and the arms of the Prince. On the extreme right and left the Royal and Scottish stan- dards respectively. Loughnan's Hotel-Transparency of large Irish harp, with motto, " Cead mille failthe," supported by kangaroo and emu ; underneath, the Duke of Edinburgh's motto, "Nisi do minus frustra." F. B. Franklyn and Co.-Three very beau- tiful transparencies, painted by Mr. H. Grit- ten, two being shown in Queen-street and one in Flinders-lane ; the first sketch is a view of the mouth of the Yarra, the bay. Sandridge, St. Kilda, &c;, with the motto, " Welcome to our bays and rivers ;" the second, a view of Melbourne from the Bota- nical-gardens, with motto, " Welcome to our cities and towns ;" and the third (shown in Flinders-lane), a view on the Merri Creek- motto, "Welcome to our creeks and lakes." The whole of the windows, including the portions of the premises occupied by Mr. C. Howden, and Mr. Griffiths, festooned with coloured lamps. The Victoria Sugar Company, Dickson, Williams, and Co., and Moore, Hawthorne, and Co.-In the centre of the buildings, a large transparency, consisting of the Queen's portrait, with motto, "Victoria Welcomes Victoria's Son." On each side several stars, 8ft. in diameter. Gibbs, Ronald and Co.-Large crown in gas, supported on either side by stars. S. House and Co.-The motto " God bless our Sailor Prince," in illuminated letters, two feet deep. Bell, Bruce, and Co.-Transparency, con- sisting of full length portrait of the Prince, flags, &c.; Queen Insurance Company.-A magnificent transparency in coloured glass, consisting of the Queen's portrait, surrounded by an orna- mental border, the design being 15ft. high and 9ft. broad. On each side two small trans- parencies, also in coloured glass, showing the Royal arms and the arms of the city of Edin- burgh ; above the whole the Imperial crown. London and Lancashire Insurance Com- pany-Transparency, 12ft. x 10ft. The Royal and Lancashire arms enclosed in a wreath of laurel leaves, supported by lion and kan- garoo, flags, bayonets, &c.; At the top, "Advance Australia," within globe; and underneath, the motto " Victoria concordia crescit." Southern Insurance Company (New-build- ings)-Transparency, 20ft. x 12ft., showing view of Queenscliff, with the Galatea enter- ing the bay under full sail, displaying Royal Standard and British Ensign. The Prince is represented as being brought towards the shore by Neptune in his car, drawn by sea- horses. Melbourne Banking Company-A 64-pointed Brunswick Star, with the letter A in the centre. Lang and Co.-Gas star. Kerr, butcher.-Transparency in coloured glass, consisting of the Royal Arms, with motto, " Long Live Alfred," Temple-court Hotel-Anchor, with the letter A above, in gas. Carter, paperhanger-Four transparencies in first-floor windows-the Queen and Prince in the centre, supported at the sides by Neptune and Albion. Miller Brothers, coachbuilders - Trans- parency, 14ft. x 6ft., consisting of the Royal arms with the Prince's motto, " Treu und fest." The windows illuminated with candles, and ornamented with festoons of Chinese lamps. Harp of Erin Hotel-Harp, in gas. West Coast Hotel-Transparency, consist- ing of full-length portrait of the Prince. Council Club Hotel-Device in gas,con- sisting of the letters "D.E.," with star and anchor between. M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co.-A handsome glass transparency, displaying the Royal arms in coloured glass. On the left a similar transparency, consisting of a trophy of flags and naval insignia. On the other side a shield, with the Edinburgh arms and nautical emblems. Western Port Hotel-Transparency, show- ing the British and colonial arms combined. Crisp, jeweller-Triple row or gas jets. Lilley Brothers, grocers - Transparency, consisting of the crown over harp, supported at the sides by the national arms. At the lower corners anchors entwined with cables. Un- derneath the motto, "Cead mille failthe." Sandhurst Hotel-Two transparencies, con- sisting of a portrait of the Queen and the Royal arms. British Hotel-Circle of gas, with letter A in centre. J. T. Smith, butcher-Representation of Edinburgh Castle and the Galatea in two transparencies, with star above. M. Abraham, optician-Brunswick star, twenty points. Board of Agriculture-Transparency in coloured glass, showing the Duke of Edin- burgh's arms. Mining Department-Pyramids of candles in the windows. MARKET-STREET. In this short street little display was made, the situation not being central, and many or the buildings had bonded stores. The pre- mises of Messrs. Ross and Spowers, Messrs, George Martin and Co., and Messrs. Lange and Thorneman were however effectively illuminated with candles, while Messrs. White Brothers and Co. had a small trans- parency consisting of a coat of arms with the inscription " Praesto et persto," and the motto of the Duke of Edinburgh. FLINDERS-STREET. Owing to the determination on the part of the Customs authorities not to allow bonded stores to be lighted in any way, Flinders street was only very partially illuminated. Nearly all the large buildings in this street are bonded stores, so that throughout its whole length there were not more than a dozen illu- minations of consequence. The most effective display made was at the warehouse of Messrs. Sargood, King, and Sar- good, where a number of large and brilliant stars in gas were placed at distances of a few feet apart at the level of the first floor, along the whole length of the building. There was a large transparency at the offices of the Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany ; and the illumination at the Custom- house attracted some notice. It was a trans- parency, placed in front of the brick pedi- ment, representing the form of the building when finished ; and in the centre appeared the figure of Commerce, executed in coloured glass. Below will be found the most notice- able of the illuminations :- Sargood, King, and Sargood, warehouse- men-Ten large stars arranged in line in front of the first-floor windows. Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company-Transparency, 14ft. x 10ft., show- ing the Galatea, with the Royal standard hoisted, entering the Heads; one of the company's steamers is represented as crossing the Galatea's stern, and saluting by dipping her colours. At the top is the Duke of Edin- burgh's motto, and at the bottom that of the company. J. Gough and Co., maltsters -A Brunswick star. J. C. Smith, produce merchant-A display of candles. Port Phillip Club Hotel-Line of gas jets below the first-floor windows. Yarra Family Hotel-A device in gas, con- sisting of a star enclosing an anchor. Yarra Yarra Dining Rooms.-A gas star. Otago Hotel-Transparency, 12ft. x 8ft., representing the Galatea entering the Heads with the pilot-boat in attendance. Shields, bearing the English and Victorian arms on either side, English Ensign, Royal Standard, &c;, and inscription, "Welcome to our Sailor Prince." Above the transparency a large star with waving points. Great Britain Hotel-A gas star, with the letter A enclosed. Duke of Edinburgh Hotel-A large and many-pointed star, about 6ft. in diameter. Harvest Home Hotel-Reflecting gas star inclosing the motto " Welcome Prince Al- fred." FLINDERS-LANE. Like the other smaller streets, Flinders lane was illuminated only to a small extent. People do not care to go to great expense in the preparation of elaborate transparencies or brilliant devices in gas which will probably never be seen ; and, as a rule, the warehouse- men in this street contented themselves with making a display of bunting in the daytime. There were some few exceptions, which will be found duly noted below; and the good in- tentions of many were frustrated by the action taken by the insurance companies. Messrs. Stevenson and Sons, for example, had made preparations to illuminate the whole of their extensive premises with candles, and had satisfied themselves by experiments that the plan they pro- posed to adopt would insure a most brilliant effect; but not wishing to in- validate their insurance policies, they had to forego their intention. The like rea- son prevented others from illuminating their premises, and altogether Flinders-lane had little to boast of. The most successful dis- plays in gas were made by Messrs. M'Naugh- ton, Love, and Co. and Messrs. Connell, Watson, and Hogarth. The premises of the former were lighted with lines of gas jets, with a rising sun, and the letter "A." over the pediment ; while Messrs. Connell and Co. had a rising sun and crown, supported by stars, and the letters "P. A." at the sides, with a row of gas jets running the whole length of the building on the first floor level. All the other illuminations of consequence are described in the following list : Galway Hotel-Transparencies, consisting of portraits of the Queen and the Prince in the windows ; in front of the building a harp, and several stars in gas. J. and G. Davidson, brassfounders-Crown in gas. M'Naughton, Love, and Co.-Lines of gas jets along the cornices and pediment. Above the pediment the letter A, beneath a rising sun ; the roof of the building profusely de- corated with flags. Laing and Webster-Transparencies filling the first-floor windows, five in number. In the centre a portrait of the Prince, supported on either side by the Royal and Victorian arms ; on the extreme right the Royal arms of Scotland, and on the extreme left the arms of the city of Edinburgh ; the re- mainder of the front windows lighted up with candles. Royal Insurance Company-Handsome transparency, eight and a halt feet square, showing the Imperial arms and the arms of the company, with the motto "Tutum te sistam." Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co.-Windows lighted with gas burners. Dickson Brothers - Three transparencies in first-floor windows, consisting of portrait of the Prince, with the Royal and colonial arms. Savings Bank-Over the entrance, crown and anchor, in gas, about 10ft. x 6ft. At the Market-street and Flinders-lane frontages, Bninswick stars, 4ft. in diameter, each with forty-eight points, and letter "A" in centre. Norfolk Hotel- Gas star. Mason and Firth, printers- Brunswick star, with thirty-four points, enclosing the letter " A." Connell, Watson, and Hogarth-Large crown above rising sun, in gas, with stars and the letters " P. A.; also, in gas, at the sides: also, a row of gas jets the whole length of the frontage, just below the pediment. W. Weaver and Co.-Pyramids of lamp candles in the front windows. Cochrane and Brien-The windows in all the storeys lighted with candles. Degraves's Mills-General illumination of the building by candles in the windows of each of the three storeys. M'Arthur, Sherard, and Copeland-Star in gas, with transparencies, showing the letters "A. E. A." in illuminated work. I. and J. Roff -Festoons of Chinese lan- terns. Maflin and Co.-Brunswick star. \- Spink, grocer-Star in gas. Hen and Chickens Hotel-Gas star. STEPHEN-STREET. The illuminations here were generally poor, and, with some exceptions, very little worthy of notice ; one of the exceptions was the transparency over the Protestant-hall, which, while to be commended for its artistic beauty, was in execrably bad taste. It represented William III., with Britannia on the one side and Victoria on the other, with the words, " This we will maintain." The picture in itself is harmless enough, but when it is known to be offensive to a large portion of the community it is to be regretted that it should be shown in connexion with an event to which it has no relation whatever. The following were the chief illumina- tions : Volunteer Office-A glass trophy and flags. Cornish Arms Hotel-A transparency of the Galatea, and the words "Welcome to our noble guest" in wreaths underneath it. Olive Branch Hotel-A transparency repre- senting Britannia and the Prince, with an anchor on one side and a gun on the other. Melbourne Club Hotel-Transparencies of anchor and crown. Robert Allan, pawnbroker-A large tran- sparency, with the Duke of Edinburgh's arms and the words " Nisi Dominus frustra," and " Advance Australia." Britannia is seen in- troducing the Prince to Victoria, with the Galatea in the distance. The two great sources of the wealth of the colony are repre- sented by the figure of a digger with a spade and pick, and that of a squatter with a riding whip. Standard Hotel-Transparency represent- ing Victoria receiving the Prince, who has just been landed by Neptune in a car drawn by sea-horses. On each side is the figure of a sailor with the union-jack. Peacock Hotel-Illuminated with candles and window transparencies. Victoria Hotel-Pyramidal candles in all the windows, and in the centre a transpa- rency representing the Queen. John Young and Son, silversmiths and jewellers-An allegorical design, painted by J. W. Burtt, of the civil service, representing the Arts, with a view of the Bay and Port Phillip Heads in the centre, and words " Hail, Alfred ! the worthy scion of our noble patron, the departed Albert." John F. Malcolm-A transparency, the Arctic voyagee, representing a ship locked in the ice, and the crew leaving her in search of Sir John Franklin. Protestant-hall-A large transparency re- presenting William III., with Britannia or the one side and Victoria on the other, and the words "This will we maintain," and "Welcome." LATROBE-STREET. Supreme Court-The Royal arms in glass, and the windows lighted internally. Immigration Office-Lighted with pyra- midal candles. Duke of Kent Hotel-Two transparencies representing the Queen and Victoria. Liverpool Boardinghouse -Large trans- parency, representing the Galatea entering Port Phillip Heads. Temperance Hotel-Gas star, with letter "A." Menzies' Hotel-Two gas stars on the gate The Royal Society-hall-Each window of the Royal Society's-hall was occupied by a transparency. In the two centre windows at each end of the hall, there were the letters "A. E." surmounted by the Royal arms, while the others were filled with union jacks. The windows at each side were filled with a variety of illuminations. There were the letters "V. R.," "A. E ," the Royal arms, a unicorn, a harp, &c.; WILLIAM STREET Little was done in the way of gas illumina- tions in this street. Some of the buildings at the corners of the larger streets made effective displays, but in the street itself the principal objects were the transparencies, some of which were very large. Extensive ones, a description of which appears below, were exhibited in front of the premises occu- pied by Messrs Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome, and Holmes, White, and Co , and at Barton's Hotel while a very good one was exhibited by Mr D. Masterton. At the top of the Telegraph office was displayed an electric light, similar to those shown from other points. The windows were lighted up with candles, a plan which was also adopted with regard to the old Tele- graph office in the same street. Many of the smaller stores and private houses were lighted in the same way, and the illumina- tion altogether was pretty general. A very novel effect was produced at the residence of Mr. P. Hanna, by a design in the form of the letter 'A,' in Chinese lanterns, which was hoisted to the top of a high flagstaff. Some of the individual illuminations are given below. D. Masterton-Three transparences-the Galatea in the centre , on the right, portrait of the Queen, on the left, portrait of the Prince ; underneath, the motto " Welcome to Victoria. " Barton's Hotel-Large transparency, re- presenting the Prince approaching the shore in a boat manned by sailors, the Galatea being at anchor in the distance. An abo- nginal and sailor are waiting to offer wel- come. G. and J. Johnson, produce merchants- The windows lighted up with candles. Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome, and Holmes, White, and Co -Transparency, giving view of the bay, and ships of war in the fore- ground , in the background, the Galatea and other vessels. Above the picture, Fame bear- ing a laurel and sounding a trumpet. In the windows on either side four transparencies, showing respectively, the Royal, the Edin- burgh, the Liverpool and Glasgow arms. Sydney Hotel-Large transparency, show- ing the Galatea entering the bay. Above, the motto " Long live Alfred and the British Navy , ' and underneath, " Welcome to Mel- bourne. " Caughey and Dalzell - Illumination of candles. Metropolitan Hotel-Transparency, repre- senting agriculture, with illumination of candles. Dr. Cutts-"Windows lighted with candles. St James's Schools-Illumination of candles. Office of Commissioner of Titles-Pyramids of candles. Roads and Bridges office-Gas crown over door; pyramids of candles in the windows. KING-STREET. Large buildings in this street being few and far between, except those which are bonded stores, not many effective illumina- tions were here to be seen. Many of the buildings, however, were lighted up with candles, and there seemed to be a general desire to jo¡n thoroughly in the demonstra- tion. The most prominent illuminations were those at the Government stores and at Messrs. Stevenson and Elliot's coach- manufactory. At the Government stores was a gas crown, with flambeau pots placed at short intervals along the parapet. This style of illumination was well suited to the character of the building, and was perhaps more effective than an elaborate and costly design would have proved. Messrs. Stevenson and Elliot exhibited four trans- parencies on a large scale for the details of which, together with the other illuminations, reference must be made to the following list - Stevenson and Elliot coachbuilders- Four transparencies, each about 15ft in length, two facing King street, and two Lons- dale street. The first showed the Royal arms on a pedestal, with the Prince's monogram and the motto "Thrice welcome, Royal Prince," the second was a device exhibiting the Victorian arms, with motto, "Advance Australia," and inscription above, "God bless our Queen," the third consisted of a por- trait of the Prince, supported by anchors, &c.;, with the inscription, ' Victoria wel- comes Victoria's son , the fourth consisted of an elaborately painted design showing the arms of the coachbuilders, with their motto, "Triumphant, we bravely defend. " J. Wilson, draper-Transparency showing figure of Britannia. J. Ingram, draper-Star, with the letter " A ' in the centre. Plough Inn-Star, in gas. James Lilburne, produce store-Gas star. A. Nyberg, bootmaker-Six pointed stars in gas. M. Krakowski and Co , outfitters-A Bruns- wick star six feet in diameter. M'Nicoll's Hotel-Brunswick star. Terminus Hotel-Anchor and crown, in gas. Kilkenny Hotel-Harp and coronet in co- loured glass. Government Stores-Gas crown, with flam- beau pots placed at intervals on the parapet. SPENCER STREET. Scarcely any description is needed of the illuminations of this street. Saving the Railway Station, which displayed two crown in gas, and the Sailors' Home, which was lighted with candles in every single window hardly any building was illuminated, but in- deed there was scarcely any opportunity in this street for display. VICTORIA -STREET. The more important buildings in Victoria- street were illuminated, but the effect was not very great in this quarter, the houses being too much scattered. Bignell's buildings were lighted up with candles, and looked very well, there being also a portrait of the Queen in one window, and the letter "A' in candle at the corner house. There would have been two gas designs at Conroy's Hotel and Net- tleton's portrait-rooms, but, unfortunately when the time for lighting up came, it was found that the supply of gas had been ex- hausted. LITTLE COLLINS -STREET Rainbow Hotel, - Lowe- Rising sun, four feet high, with letter ' A " in centre. M'Gregor's Colonial Bank Hotel-Rising sun, with letter " A " in centre. J. Henty and Co. -Five-feet reflector star, eight points, Edinburgh Castle in the centre, with gold rays. Motto, "Nisi frustra do- minus " M. Cracken and Co., brewers -Six-feet Brunswick star. Bray, china warehouse-Two feet star. Ullsthorne and Co , grindery warehouse- Lanterns in gas in the form " Vivat Regina." Kildare Hotel-Three transparencies, re presenting the Prince, a harp, and a lion. William Watson and Sons, warehousemen -Five feet star in gas, surmounted by a simi- lar one. F. C. Goyder, Hunt Club Hotel-A wreath of gas 30ft in length, in front of the build- ing. Waterman's Arms-Two feet star in gas. John M'Donnell and Co , grocers-Five feet crown. A. Joske and Co. , wine merchants-Trans- pareny (6ft. by 4ft. ) of the Prince in uniform with motto, " Treu und fest. ' Detective- office-A number of Chinese lan- terns suspended over the upper story. Adam and Eve Hotel-Transparency, ship in full sail, motto ' Welcome " Paddington Hotel- Four feet gas star. Alexander's Family Hotel-Three trans- parencies the Duke's arms, the city arms, and a ship in full sail, with mottoes "Britain's Hope,' " Alfred and the British Navy. " The United States Consulate the Bishop's Registry, and L. Terry, architect- Candles. James Coop, lead merchant-Four-feet anchor in gas. John Smith, plumber- In gas, the words "British Gems "surrounded by a wreath of the thistle with a number of flags. R T. Thorpe, gas engineer-Crown 3ft. high. J M'llwraith and Co., lead merchants- Compass, star in gas, with "A" in the centre, LITTLE BOURKE -STREET. The illuminations in this street were, of course, not so general as in more important thoroughfares, but the locality was neverthe- less far from being left in darkness. The principal illuminations were those which follow: - Australian Arms Hotel-Three large lamps, with an oil-painting on each pane, represent- ing portraits of the Queen, Prince Albert, the Duke of Edinburgh, the English and colonial coats of arms, men of warsmen, a ship, and the Prince and Princess of Wales. Horse and Jockey Hotel - Transparency containing a figure of the Prince, with a kangaroo on one side and emu on the other. Commercial Inn - Several small trans- parencies. Walsh, bootmaker-Transparency and coloured lanterns. Attenborough's Restaurant-Chinese lan- terns. Roberts, barber-Coloured lanterns. Forster saddler-Lanterns and evergreens. A. Smith gasfltter-Large crown in gas. Rising Sun Hotel-Gas star. Enniscorthy Hotel-Lamps and candles in windows. Abercrombie tinsmith-Gas star. A Burmeister jeweller-A piece of me- chanism consisting of a rocking ship. Thos. Gaunt, jeweller and optician-Large gas illumination consisting of a star about six feet high with P. A. in the centre; beneath in letters fourteen inches high, "A" Grand," followed by an enormous pair of spectacles in gas the illumination reading, "A grand spectacle." Otto Brinckman, jeweller-Candles in the windows. Governor Arthur Hotel-Transparency, re- presenting a figure of Britannia. THE CHINESE QUARTER This portion of the city had an illumination of its own, of a distinctive character. The Chinese residents combined together for the purpose of honouring the Prince with a dis- play after the fashion of their own country, with some European modifications and the illumination here was earned out in no niggardly spirit. Two fine arches lavishly decorated after the Mongolian manner, were elected-one at the intersection of Little Bourke- street with Swanston street and the other at the Russell- street end. There was a row of gas jets right across each arch, the centre being topped by a large crown in gas with the letters "A.D.A." The sides were gaily painted as ornamental devices from the flowery land are wont to be. There was an inscription on one side, ' The Chinese Residents Welcome to Prince Alfred;" and on the reverse were some Chi- nese characters which one of the almond- eyed informed us conveyed something of the same sentiment but in superlatives of so strong a quality that there was absolutely nothing like an equivalent for them in the English lan- guage-a tongue which in a celestial mind was quite unequal to the requirements of a judicious verbal compliment, or a phrase that neatly conveyed a sense of the high honour conferred by the Royal visit. Hanging from the centre of each arch was a curiously painted screen, a work of Chinese art which it would be impossible to describe , and both structures were festooned with the lanterns, which form so prominent a feature on gala nights in any of the cities of the sun. The quarter was also gaily decorated with Chinese flags and the more prominent buildings had special illuminations. One of the largest business houses had a large gas star encircling the figure of a ship on a re- flector. There were also large ornamental glass lamps of Chinese manufacture looking in the distance like exaggerated lustre hanging in the balconies; and had H. R. H. passed that way he would have been gratified to learn from the illuminated legend of the star that "Kong Cheew welcomes Prince Alfred." A Chinese orchestra was stationed in the upper balcony and through a greater portion or the evening discoursed jubilant discord. The Club- house, a very handsome stone building three- story high was made resplendant by a multitude of little coloured lamps displayed in various devices and a continuous fusilade of crackers and squibs was kept up until a late hour. SPRING- STREET In addition to the Treasury and the Parlia- ment Houses the principal illumination in Spring- street was at the Model Schools. In the front of the building there was a design in gas, consisting of a Prince of Wales' feather and the letters "A, E." A number of flambeaux, were lighted on all the available points on the building and shed a brilliant light for a considerable distance around. With this exception however the lllu- minations in the street were few and in- effective. Mr Henderson of the crinoline manufactory, had a display of Chinese lan- terns and variegated lamps. THE ELECTRIC LIGHTS One of the features of the illumination was the display of revolving electric lights by the Telegraph department. These were ex- hibited from five points-the Parliament House, the Electric telegraph Buildings, the Astronomical Observatory on the St. Kilda- road, the Flagstaff hill, and the Railway Sheds at Williamstown. They were all uni- form in character and were prepared under the direction of Mr. S. M'Gowan the super- intendent of the department in a manner somewhat different from the common the special object being to prevent them from interfering by their great brilliancy with the other illuminations. Generally when the electric light has been displayed here, a semi- spherical reflector has been used causing the light to be diffused and thrown upon sur- rounding objects, the effect, of course, being to absolutely ruin all gas illuminations in the vicinity. By the use, however, of parabolic reflectors which were made for the purpose this objection was last night removed the light, instead of being diffused being concentrated and thrown to a distance. In producing each light a battery of fifty cells (Dr. Callan's) was employed and the supply of the electric fluid to the carbon points from the combustion of which the brilliant light proceeds was regulated by an electric magnet acting upon machinery attached to the points. A revolving motion was obtained and kept up without an inter- ruption of the light by means of separate troughs of mercury, which rendered the com- munication with the battery continuous, although the light and the stand upon which it was placed revolved. i ho satisfactory re suit of previous experiments was completely confirmed last night the light being thrown fonvard m aduecthne without injuring the eil i ct of the surrounding illuminations while such was its intensity that the rays fiom the apparatus placed on the îoof ot the Mel bourne Telegraph office threw the shadows of vessels upon the water at Wüliamstown The greater portion of the apparatus em ployed vv as inadein Melbourne by Mr Robert b1 ilton mathematical instrument maker at the Observatory while the copper reflectors were manufactured by Messrs Dykes and Ldwards coppersmiths Hie electro plating and burnishing was executed by Mr Watt of V» ilham street THE FLAGSTAFF GARDENS The Flagstaff gardens were illuminated last night by means of Chinese lanterns in the same manner as the Fitzroy- gardens on the previous evening. Having already de- scribed at length the mode of this illumina- tion, it is unnecessary now to refer to it at any length. The general effect in the Flag- staff gardens was even more beautiful than in Fitzroy. In consequence of the smaller extent of the ground to be lighted the trees were more thickly studded with lamps and the illumination was therefore more cheer- ful. vivid, and concentrated than on the former evening. Scarcely any of them took fire and these only a few that were hung carelessly. The electric light which was exhibited at the old Observatory also added to the beauty of the scene. Its clear and brilliant light now and then shot athwart the green foliage added to the fairy- like beauty of the spectacle. Vast numbers of people passed through the gardens in the course of the eveinng and this display alto- gether constituted one of the most interest- ing features of the illumination. PRAHRAN (SOUTH) This district although chiefly consisting of private residences made by no means a shabby display of the usual means adopted for mani- festing feelings of loyalty and welcome to royal visitors. Flags of all colours of the rainbow and emblazoned with devices and mottoes of every description floated in the air and gave to the scene an appearance at once picturesque and novel. We were pleased to notice that the bad taste of blending emblems of business with those of loyalty and festivity was not indulged in here so much as in other quarters. The town hall was of course the chief centre of attraction. Its high tower and windows illuminated with designs in different colours and patterns, pre- sented a brilliant and pleasing spectacle. Among the most prominent objects or interest we may mention the houses of Mr Chambers and Mr Pickard the former for its effective transparencies and the latter for a numerous and tasteful display of Chinese lanterns. Messrs. Wislon, Fetherston, and White also were among the most successful illuminators. The local branch of the National Bank of Austral- asia had a fine Brunswick star in gas. We subjoin a list of the most prominent lllumi- nations and decorations. CHAPEL- STREET (SOUTH) Town hall Mr Craven, town clerk. Three painted glass transparencies between the pillars in front of the building painted by Messrs. Ferguson and Urie and consisting of Scotch thistle with circle containing the motto ' Nemo me impune lacessit." with fluted rays in white: royal crown, Irish sham- rock and cross encircled with motto "Quis separabit." and white fluted rays from edge of circle. Four main windows painted in various designs, and lit with kerosene lamps having powerful silver plated reflectors. The win- dows in the tower coloured and ornamented with various designs. The face of the clock illuminated with a subdued light, and the lantern, or topmost part of tower, lighted with a brilliant ruby colour. M. A. Glynn's Prince Albert Hotel-British ensign. Anderson, chemist-Two banners. Lording's Railway Hotel-Two flags. J. Gummer, grocer-British ensign. J. Cameron, tailor-British ensign and Danish flag. Wood, confectioner-Chinese lanterns. J. B. Dobie, ironmonger-Transparency, Royal crown, with motto " Welcome to Vic- toria ;" Chinese lanterns, and flags. Crows's auction mart-British ensign. Walker, news-agent-Flag. Telegraph Hotel-Transparencies. P. Conlon, draper-British ensign and French tri-colour. Johnson's Post-office Hotel-Union Jack. T. C. Wright, draper-British ensign and tri-colour, and Chinese lanterns. H. Wilson and Sons, ironmongers-Gas star (enamelled reflectors), Chinese lanterns, and flags. L. Wartman, watchmaker-Chinese lan- terns. J. G. Hudson, draper-Transparencies and flags. National Bank of Australasia, Mr. Tol hurst, manager-Gas star and display of flags. W. H. Osment and Son, Telegraph office- Gas star and flags. J. Davies's Rifleman's Arms-Transparency and union jack. A. F. White, chemist-Coloured oil lamps and flags. Dr. Feherston, surgeon-Coloured oil lamps and flags. T. Thomas, draper-Flags. W. Bulley, baker-Transparency and flags. James's Royal George-Transparencies, monogram surrounded with garter. Widdicombe (draper) and Huckle (grocer) -Transparencies and floral decorations. E. Roberts, painter-Illuminated stars, flowers, and flag. ALBERT-STREET. E. Down's Windsor Castle Hotel-Trans- parency and Irish flag. ST. KILDA-ROAD. Wesley College, Rev. Mr. Waugh, president -Transparencies, windows illuminated with gas, six lampions in front of the building, and display of flags. GREVILLE-STREET. Mr. Fulton, surgeon-Windows illumi- nated, and rows of Chinese lanterns. CHARLES-STREET. Enoch Chambers, ironfounder-Trans- parencies, Royal arms ; Duke's arms, with motto " Nisi Dominus frustra ;" Duke's crest, crown, and monogram, surrounded with foliage ; shield of Scotland, surrounded with garter, motto and anchor intertwined ; and a display of flags. T. Richard, warehouseman-Display of Chinese lanterns. HIGH-STREET. Captain Rolls-Display of flags. PRINCES-STREET. Nolan's Yorkshire Hotel-British ensign. PEEL-STREET. W. Ewing-British ensign. CHAPEL-STREET NORTH. Throughout the day this neighbourhood had a very gay appearance, from the number and variety of flags seen in the various streets between the Gardiner's Creek and Com- mercial roads. The display was not-confined to the main thoroughfares only, but was ex- hibited in every street from the park on the westward, to the villas among the trees on the Williams and Canterbury roads. As seen from the high ground in Fawkner-park, the lively appearance of the suburb thus deco- rated was very pleasant-in one or two parts approaching to the magnificence of the city. The red ensign seems to bo the favourite flag amongst the residents hero. There is a very fine Royal Standard of Scotland ornament- ing the premises of Messrs. Dunlop and Edwards, in the Commercial- road, and another close by, shown by Mr. Mitchell, grocer. There is a fine cluster of colours over the premises of Mr. Gunn, on the op- posite side of the street. In Chapel-street the high flag of Mr. Linay and that over the Victorian Brewery are conspicuous, but in Gardiner's Creek are they most numerous. On the flag-pole of Mr. Evans, auctioneer, are flags denoting the number of the Galatea: and at Mann's Hotel, near the triumphal arch, are hoisted a set of Marryatt's signals. On Christchurch is unfurled a blue ensign ; and at the residence of Mr. Pike, comer of Williams and Gardiner's Creek roads, there is a fine display of colours from the windows and in front of the house. The transparencies are not numerous here, and are chiefly con- fined to the main-streets, but a few of them are good, particularly that of Mr. Mitchell, grocer, Commercial-road, representing Bri- tannia in the rising sun, over a picture of the Galatea ; and a myre complex one of coats arms and mottoes shown by Messrs. Donald- son and Robertson, in Gardiner's Creek road. Although not of course to be compared with the appearance of the city, the display made well suffices to show the respect of the resi- dents hero for the son of our Queen. GARDINER'S CREEK ROAD.-SOUTH SIDE. South Yarra Hotel-Transparency : royal arms ; flag. St. George's ensign. Mann's Hotel-Display of flags, Marryatt's code of signals, Danish flag, red ensign, &c.; J. J. Russell, painter-Royal arms, sur- rounded with flags ; motto, " Pro Amor Patriae ;" flags, evergreens. T. Young, saddler-Royal arms; motto, "Welcome Duke of Edinburgh ;" flags and evergreens. R. O. Windsor, Harefield-lodge-Trans- parency : Galatea, royal arms above, and underneath are the kangaroo and emu. G. Snow, pawnbroker-Transparencies in windows, flags, and evergreens. W. Fuller, Duke of Edinburgh hotel-Star in gas jets crown and stars in evergreens ; festoons of flowers over the verandah. J. Wilson, plumber-Star in gas jets. J. Robertson, grocer - Transparency : coat of arms; motto, "Tru und Fest;" on cither side an anchor and arms of city of Edinburgh, with mottoes, " Welcome Royal Duke," "Our Navy's Pride," and "Nisi Do minum Trusta." Over the transparency is the letter A in flowers and evergreens, and around the whole a wreath of evergreens. R. C. Boyd-East India Company's flag. D. Blanchard, butcher-Flags. J. Dewar, plumber-Transparency, star in centre of the motto "Welcome Duke of Edinburgh," and transparency of anchor. J. Ferguson, ironmonger - Illuminated crown, star and anchor. J. Evans, auctioneer-Projecting star in gas jets ; a crown of evergreens and flowers, and the letters A. V. ; on the flag-staff are the flags indicating the number of the Galatea, commodore's pennant, the Danish flag and British ensign, and on the flagstaff a large letter A in evergreens. Fairview-cottage-Flags. C. A. Corbett-Transparency, flags, and wreaths of evergreens. Mrs. Arthur-Wreaths of flowers and flags. W. C. Smith-Transparency and display of flags. R. Disher, New Bridge Hotel - Trans- parencies in windows of Galatea and masonie emblems, red ensign. W. Hardwick, Oxford-house - Trans- parencies : anchor, star, crown, mottos, "Welcome Prince Alfred;" "Welcome to Victoria :" " God save the Queen, long may she live ; Chinese lanterns. CHAPEL-STREET. G. Gallop, coachbuilder-Red ensign. T. Rimington, baker-Large transparency of the royal arms ; flag. T. Ellis, painter -Red ensign. R. Cuningham, ironmonger-Transparency, anchor, crown, shield, over Galatea ; motto, " Welcome Prince Alfred ; red ensign. G. Stevens, upholsterer-Display of flags. Roxburgh Hotel-Crown and star in gas jets ; flag. Victoria Brewery-Union jack. J. West, grocer-Chinese lanterns, ever- greens in front, St. George's ensign. P. Cronin, baker-St. Gcosge's ensign. E. Tatnall, butcher - Transparencies Crown, A above, and the thistle and sham- rock beneath ; star, rown, over mottos, "Welcome Sailor Prince ;" Danish flag W. J. Weaver, Prince of Wales Hotel Pyramid of coloured lights in window ; flags. F. Williams, grocer-Transparency, crown, motto, "Welcome Alfred." J. Brewer, bootmaker-Display of flags. Dr. Stokes-White flag with blue anchor. R. F. Linay and Co., timber merchants Red ensign. R. Kingston and Co., butchers-St. George's ensign, top of flag-polo ornamented with ram horns. COMMERCIAL-ROAD. Harvey's Prahran Hotel-Flags, Union Jack and tricolor. Richardson, painter-Red, white, and blue ensign. Dunlop and Edwards, drapers -Transpar- red lion, and arms of Edinburgh, motto, "Hail Edina's Duke;" royal crown over anchor, motto, "Neptune's favourite son;" flags, royal standard of Scotland, red and white ensigns. J. Mitchell, grocer-Transparency, Bri- tannia in the rising sun over Galatea ; motto, "Welcome our sailor Prince ; flags, Royal standard of Scotland and red ensign. A. Smith, butcher-Transparency, Galatea, motto, "Welcome Royal Alfred." Gunn's Commercial Stables-Fine display of flags ; coloured lights at top of flagstaff. J. Edwards, Prahran Hotel-Transparency, Galatea; motto, "A hearty welcome to our sailor Prince ;" stars in windows, and letters "P. A." and "D.E." Bush Inn-Transparency, Prince Alfred in centre of a star, surrounded with a circle of small star ; the windows lighted up with candles. FITZGERALD-STREET. H. Trellia-Blue and red ensigns and St. George's jack. HODDLE-STREET. A. Dellas, Bethune-cottage-In the win- dows, star of the garter and motto, and the French eagle with motto of the star of the Legion of Honour, "Honour et Patrie ;" the French tricolour. SOUTH YARRA AND TOORAK. This suburb-the Belgravia of the metro- polis-did not do a great deal in the way of illumination. Its complete isolation from, town, the scattered here- and-there way in which the houses are thrown, and the fact of most of the inhabitants having places of business in town, where large sums of money had been laid out in signs of loyalty, mili- tated against it materially. Nevertheless, every street showed some signs of rejoicing, save the Domain- road, which could be com- pared to nothing but Geelong or Mordi- alloc after nightfall. The principal features were : At the junction of Hoddle-street and Gar- diner's Creek road, a handsome triumphal span has been erected. It is about 66ft. wide and 35ft. high, and is composed principally of evergreens. Floral wreaths are tastefully interspersed here and there, and graceful festoons of flowers are pendant from every projection. On the top of the side arches are groups of live plants-pines and araucarias. In the centre, on the west side, is a trans- parency of Edinburgh Castle, surrounded with circular wreaths ; and on the east side the Duke's arms. The words " Welcome to Prahran" are painted in cable characters across the front. The whole is surmounted by the union-jack on one side and the Coburg flag on the other. Between these are two model yachts. At the corner of the Orrong-road, close to Toorak Church, another very neat arch has been erected.- It is not so pretentious as the one at Hoddle-street, but it is more artistical, and has at a short distance something the appearance of the ivy and lichen covered entrance to a stronghold of the feudal times. In the centre, over the principal gateway, a ducal coronet is set on a pedestal over the greenery, and under this the appropriate welcome, "Cead Mille Failthc," in rustic characters. The side wings are in the shape of turreted archways. The coronet is supported by the cross of St. George and the Coburg arms. On the turrets are Marryat's signals, showing the number of the Galatea. Those arches were con- structed by Messrs. Taylor and Sangster, nurserymen, Toorak, and Mr. Stewart, builder, and, considering the material used, they reflect great credit on the parties con- cerned. In some of the back streets number- less clothes-props and scaffold-poles have been sworn in, on which to raise signs of fealty to the Crown and welcome, to the Prince. GARDINER'S CREEK-ROAD (NORTH). Boot manufactory-Royal arms. T. Payne-The front brilliantly lighted up with candles. R. Watson, Woodville-Chinese lanterns and variegated lamps. W. Thomson-Variegated lamps. Mrs. Haynes-Front windows lighted up with candles. Spowers-Coloured lanterns in verandah, and windows lighted with candles. C. Ogg, chemist-A trophy of flags sur- rounding the Royal arms, and a quantity of Chinese lanterns. Bartlett, bootmaker-A profusion of flags. Horsfall, draper-St. George's ensign. E. B. Taylor, bookseller-Transparency of crown, star, and "A. E. A. ;" and a St. George's ensign. J. M. Harrison-Transparency of crown and anchor, "Welcome to Victoria," and flags. W. S. Smith, outfitter - Transparency, "P. A.," with crown in centre. C. Dare, poulterer-Transparency, anchor, supported by sailors displaying union-jacks. \- Wooldridge, surgeon-Transparency of Royal arms. Easton and Bennet, butchers-Two trans- parencies-one a star, the other an anchor supported by sailors ; and a good display of flags. Huckle and Co.-A crown. W. Smith, upholsterer-A Scotch standard. E. Cottrell; Suburban Railway Hotel- Transparency of the Galatea. G. Keen, painter-Transparency of the Duke of Edinburgh's arms. J. Stanley, Cleveland-lodge-Two banners, bearing the arms of the Duke and tile Royal arms. The verandah was illuminated with variegated lamps and Chinese lanterns. J. F. Everett, the Toorak Hotel-A hand- some banner, 30ft. long, and six English, Scotch, and American flags are suspended across the road-way. The banner bears the words "Welcome to Toorak." On a tall mast at the end of the house St. George's ensign is displayed, and under it the signals showing the number of the Galatea. On the front of the house a shield, bearing the Duke's arms, occupies the centre, with a crown on one side and an anchor on the other. These are surrounded with floral wreaths. On the balcony is a transparency, which shows the Galatea, supported on one side by a star (with a thistle in the centre), and by the Royal arms on the other ; and over all the English and Australian flags. D. Ross, blacksmith-A neat semi-circular band, on which are hung a number of coloured lamps ; over this is an illumi- nated crown. The whole tastefully decorated with evergeens. \- Blair, Bellevue-A star. G. Armytage, Como-The decoration of the approaches to the lodge was one of the neatest things which has been done in honour of the Duke. The semicircle in front of the princi- pal entrance was hung with beautiful fes- toons. On the top of each pillar was fastened a large bouquet of choice flowers. The green leaves were relieved by roses, verbenas, &c.; Under the green festoons others composed solely of flowers were pendant. But the span over the gate was a marvel of floral art. It was composed of laurel and pittosporums, sur- mounted by a Norfolk Island pine. Hanging from this was a large garland of lilies, and from each end of the garland others were hung in small festoons, each festoon being formed of different sorts of flowers-gera- niums, antorinums, verbenas, roses, &c.; Chinese lanterns were suspended from it in the evening. The whole producing a really beautiful effect. It was the work solely of the head gardener, Mr. Kay. The windows of the lodge were tastefully lighted up with candles, showing a background of choice pot- plants. Chinese lanterns were suspended from the trees in the drive. Forster and Watts, outfitters-Decorated with evergreens and flags, and a trans- parency. W. Carter-110 candles, in shape of two A's. L. L. Stevenson-A ejuantity of Chineso lanterns. . 'Toorak, the residence of the Governor-The Royal standard. WELCH-STREET. R. Cosper, consul for Portugal-Trans- parency of Portuguese arms, and English and Portuguese flags. G. Mears, Grosvenor-house-Chinese lan- terns on verandah and balcony, and a St. George's ensign. DOMAIN-ROAD. The only thing in the whole extent of this street was a string of flags across the road from D. Mallett's Botanical-gardens Hotel. YARRA BANK. \- Clough-A large union-jack and St. George's ensign. The electric light was burnt for a short time at night. ST. KILDA. That a hearty welcome to Prince Alfred can be demonstrated in a variety of ways is for the good people of St. Kilda a most for- tunate circumstance. From the character of this suburban district, wanting large and showy commercial structures, it could have been easily predicated that external illumi- nations would have had no chance of com- peting with the pretentious ones of Mel- bourne proper ; but when to this is added the fact that a sufficient supply of gas could not be obtained, no wonder need be enter- tained that St. Kilda by night did not give forth many indications in its streets of the heartiness of the hospitality felt by its inhabitants in common with their fellow citizens. But we think that much credit is due to those members of the St. Kilda community who, at no small labour, made known in such ways as presented themselves, their loyalty and kindliness to our important visitor. The borough council, we believe, in the face of the decided failure of the gas illuminations on the occasion of the marriage of the Prince of Wales, did not feel justified in attempting anything in the same direction, but entering heartily into the matter generally, thought it best to invite the co-operation of the ratepayers, in order to obtain the largest measure of success, and the result appears to have justified their opinion. A very fine flagstaff, 100 feet high, was erected by the committee on the Esplanade, and on this were flying the British ensigns, the white ensign with St. George's cross being at the peak. This, together with, the various other bunting floating over the sur- rounding dwellings, made the Esplanade Re- serve appear very gay, and certainly formed a very attractive picture. We have already made mention of the splendid display of fire- works which formed the first demonstration of welcome on the arrival of the Prince in the bay, as also the very successful bonfire on Point Ormond. In connexion with the children's picnic, the committee thought they had some reason to com- plain of the refusal of the Reception Com- mission to grant them a small subsidy while, as the committee were credibly in- formed, the commission were aiding the funds at Prahran. We trust this may prove to be a misapprehension. As to the various displays made in the several localities we can only mention a portion, and we trust that those whose names are omitted will not ascribe it to any slight on their efforts to declare their loyalty. The following are some of those which fell under notice :- HIGH STREET. Commercial Bank—Transparencies repre- senting commerce, the Galatea, the crest of the Duke, and a device of Edinburgh Castle. Junction Hotel—St. George's pennant. J. Elworthy—Blue ensign. J. Miller—Union jack. T. Ward—St. George's cross and union jack. R. and W. Terry—Union jack. J. E. Ellis—Union jack. J. Sundercomb—St. George's cross. G. M. Hacker—Union jack.. T. Swan-St. George's cross, white. W. Rose—Union jack. T. M'Caffrey—Tricolour. I. Levitt-Union jack. W. Saunders—Union jack. R. Whites—Ensign, and Prince of Wales crest. J. Kohler—Red ensign, and letters "P.A." in coloured lamps. T. Elliot—Tricolor ensign and cross, sur- mounted by Prince of Wales feathers. J. P. George—Union jack. J. C. Drewe—Union jack. J. Cockfield—Red ensign, with window illuminations. A. G. Arnott-Union jack. Dr. Rankin-Union jack. H. C. Nicholas-Union jack and three small transparencies. H. Wilson-Lion rampant, red, on yellow. Richards Brothers—Red cross and British ensign. J. Lockwood—Union jack. G. Connibere—Union jack and St. George's cross. D. M'Naughton—Five ornamental street lamps, filled in with transparencies, ranged in a row above verandah. R. Christian- Union jack. R. and H. Knox—Union jack. J. Baillie—Transparency : Victoria offering crown to Prince Alfred. J. Rakestraw—Transparency : Royal arms. C. Gunn-Union jack. Pembroke Hotel—Union jack and illumi- nated lamp. A. G. Arnold—Red ensign, with window illuminations. J. Williamson—Very large green flag, en- sign and harp. J. Proctor—Union jack. J. Bastard—Union jack. FITZROY-STREET. Young's Hotel, Junction -Large trans- parency, Galatea in centre, surmounted by medallion of Prince, and surrounded by several emblems; all windows very tastefully fitted with transparencies, various subjects, being nearly twenty in number, and very suc- cessful in effect. Victoria Hotel-St. George's cross and union jack, window illuminations. Prince of Wales Hotel-Union jack. J. Anderson-Transparency-Royal arms. ESPLANADE. Rev. C. Moir-Union jack. R. Schlesinger-White ensign and St. George's cross. D. Nicholson-White ensign and St. George's cross. J. M'Mullen-Union jack. T. Jackson-British ensign. Royal Hotel-Union jack, with window illuminations. ROBE-STREET. T. Gray-White ensign and St. George's cross. J. Mathews-Union jack. G. Gittins-Red ensign. T. Adams-Ensign. T. Moore-Red ensign. BARKLY-STREET. A. M'Dowell-Transparency : Prince Alfred. Mrs. Orr-Red ensign, with words, " The flag that braved," &c.; ; also small flag, with Royal Arms ; and a very pretty window transparency, the Royal crest, &c.; R. Wilson-Red ensign. Cleveden House-Ensign. J. Sutherland-Ensign. Cedar Lodge-White ensign and St. George's cross. Ross and Smith-Red ensign. Village Belle Hotel-St. George's cross and union jack ; also red ensign. ACKLAND-STREET. Church of England tower-Ensign. Williams, B.-Red ensign. CLYDE-STREET. Collard, J.-Union jack. ALMA-ROAD. Presbyterian Church-White ensign and St. George's cross. Sargood, F.-Ensign. Were, J. B.- St. George's cross. CHAPEL-STREET. Free Presbyterian Church-Red ensign and St. George's cross. lNKERMANN-ROAD. Dobson,- J.-Union jack. Langdon, J.-Ensign. Inkermann Hotel-Ensign. We also observed several very pretty trans- parencies in private houses. SANDRIDGE AND EMERALD-HILL. If these boroughs contributed their share to the illuminations it was in supplying spec- tators to the Melbourne display rather than in what they did at home. Sandridge looked even duller and darker than usual. Its streets were wholly deserted, save where at some of the corners a party of persons were standing waiting vainly for a cab, in which to hurry off to Melbourne. The shops were mostly closed, the houses were evidently tenantless, and the aspect of the place was lifeless in the extreme. There were a few attempts indeed at illumination, but they were far apart, and only served to make the intervening spaces appear more obscure than they would other- wise have done. Moreover, they were wasting their brightness all unseen, for there was nobody to look at them. Even of the illu- minations which had been prepared many were not lighted. It seemed a work of super- fluity lighting illuminations which those who prepared them would not stay at home to see, and which no others cared to see. On the lofty top of the Sugar Works, indeed, four enormous torches blazed brightly, mid threw a ruddy glare around, but the scene they lighted up was a void and dreary one. There was but one illumination for which people had any eyes, and that one had a power of attraction which none of the Sandridge people could resist. Away to the north-east a bright broad glare shone upward from the horizon, looking like a lurid dawn. From some parts of the town it could be seen that this glare arose from many spots and patches of light, some of which seemed to have definite forms, although it could not be seen at that distance what they were. Occasionally a deep red or bright blue light was burned, adding another tint to the faint halo which hung over the whole. Sometimes some rockets shot up, leaving a thin red trail of fire behind them, and bursting high up into blazing balls and stars. And now and then the electric light could be seen there shining with a clear blue radiance of the keenest intensity, like the light of Sirius multiplied a thousandfold, and concentrated into a point, and thrown into the distance by the parabolic reflector in the focus of which it burned. At intervals the reflector was turneed so as to project the light upwards in diverging beams, stream- ing far up in the sky like a polar Aurora, making the stars above it shine pale and dim. It was the City of Melbourne in full illumination which was to be seen there. With that sight within easy reach, inhabi- tants would not stay at home to look at and admire their paltry shows. All hurried off at an early hour in all kinds of vehicles -buggies, spring-carts, cabs, drays, and heavy lumbering four-wheeled lorries, throng- ing the road towards Melbourne. The shipping in the bay as seen from Sand- ridge presented little in the way of illumina- tion. The Victoria, indeed, lying over at Williamstown, could be distinctly seen by the row of lights which she had suspended from stem to stem, carrying them over the mast- heads. Blue lights also were at times burned on board the Victoria. Pharos, and Training Ship, and shone brightly on the rippling waters of the bay. Another vessel, also which seemed to be moored alongside the Williamstown pier, made a display of the lamps by which her outline could be clearly traced. Much that has been written of the dulness and deserted state of Sandridge could be re- peated of Emerald-hill. There was much less of illumination than might have been expected from the " model municipality. At parts in Clarendon- street indeed an attempt at some- thing like a show was made, but it was not done uniformly, and the houses that were in the least degree lighted up were the exception rather than the rule. The borough certainly was not so utterly deserted as Sandridge, but by far the greater a number of its residents had left it for Melbourne. Those who remained seemed to spend their time standing with their backs to their illuminations, and watching the brilliant spectacle which Mel- presented from the hill. The most effective illumination in the borough was that of the Chinese Joss-house, where a bright star blazed in gas, and some large coloured lanterns were also lighted. The more noticeable of the illuminations in the streets of the two boroughs are sub- joined. EMERALD-HILL. CLARENDON-STREET. National Bank-Star in gas. Golden Gate Hotel-Star in gas. E. H. Baker, chemist-Star in gas. J. Cololough and Co., grocers-Candle illumination. W. Smith, draper-Perforated transparency, representing Galatea. Silver Gate Hotel-Transparency, portrait of the Prince; motto "Finis dominus frustra." C. -P. Woodfin, stationer-Transparency. Australian coat of arms, with shield on each side. Hit or Miss Hotel-Rows of candles in the windows. E. H. Jeffrey, grocer-Transparency, crown: motto, "Welcome." Royal Hotel-Transparencies in windows (seven), flags, crowns, &c.; Glasgow Arms - Transparency : crown, with motto, " Welcome Duke of Edinburgh.' Royal Hotel-Candles arranged in pyra- midal form, and transparency. Emerald Hotel-Transparency in windows : Prince- Alfred, Edinburgh Castle, Galatea, Irish harp. Junction Hotel-Perforated transparency : Royal arms and Bath star. R. Lewis, draper-Transparency. CECIL-STREET. George Hotel -Transparency : Crown and star. J. Barret, surgeon-Transparency. W. Daish-Transparency : Royal arms. F. B. Ham, butcher-Two transparencies : star and Galatea. Motto-" Welcome." RAGLAN-STREET. Chinese Joss House-Handsome star, with painted centre, and a number of large and beautiful Chinese lanterns. Motto-"See \- yeep welcomes Prince Alfred." LITTLE RAGLAN-STREET. E. Heather, circulating library-Trans- parency, English coat of arms. COVENTRY-STREET. J. T. Thoms, baker-Three transparencies. G. Mendes' furniture warehouse-Trans- parency ; motto, "Advance Australia." Odd Fellows Hotel-Windows lighted with candles. Myrtle Hotel-Transparencies. Prince George Hotel-Transparency. HOWE-CRESCENT. Volunteer Orderlyroom-Large trans- parency, English coat of arms, rose, thistle, and shamrock ; motto, " Volunteers' Wel -come." MORAY-STREET. Albert-park Hotel-Transparency ; motto, " Welcome Prince Alfred." A. Murdoch, grocer-Perforated trans- parency, shield and star; motto, "Welcome Alfred.' Freemasons' Hotel-Transparencies in win- dows (nine in all), and lamps. C. Roy (councillor)-Transparency : Bri- tannia. BANK-STREET. Napoleon III. Hotel-Candle illumination. PARK-STREET. J. Scott-Gas illumination.-Anchor, with letters "A. E." at sides. H. Dodds, commercial traveller-Star in gas. Bute's Hotel-Transparency in window. T. Ford, teacher of singing-Star and festoons in coloured lamps. DORCAS-STREET. W. Thistlethwaite (mayor)-A crown and star. J. Eville, town clerk-Transparencies. Rev. D. M'Donald-Transparencies. SANDRIDGE. BAY-STREET. Corporation Arch-Double transparency ; mottoes-on one side, " Sandridge Welcomes Prince Alfred, "and the other, ' ' Welcome our naval Prince. Police Court-yard-Oval-shaped coloured lamps from corporation flagpole. "United States Hotel-Transparency, English coat of arms. H. Gale, grocer-Transparency, portrait of the Prince. W. May, butcher-Anchor, illuminated by "A" in gas, and Chinese lanterns. Victoria Hotel-Transparency, portrait of Her Majesty. Chequers Inn-Coloured lanterns attached to pole. Sandridge Inn-Double transparency, re- presenting the Prince and a British tar. E. J. Crockford, draper-String of Chinese lamps. E. Cole, provision dealer-Number of Chinese lanterns. Grinton, Selley, and Co., market-gardeners -Transparency, the Prince and a ship ; motto, "Welcome Alfred." BEACH-STREET. Cohn's Hotel-Variegated star and Royal standard ; motto, "Welcome Prince Alfred." Pier Hotel-Transparency, ship in full sail; motto, "May thy voyage through life be happy." Sugar Works-Four large torches on top of building. Reynolds' Family Hotel-Crown. HOUSE-STREET. F. Poolman- Transparency, English coat of arms, kangaroo and emu. All England Hotel-Transparencies in windows. SANDRIDGE-ROAD. Star and Anchor Hotel-Transparency, ship ; motto, " God bless our sailor Prince." Fountain Inn-Illuminated with candles. CARLTON. Like most of the other suburbs last night, Carlton showed rather pale and dreary beside the splendour and brilliancy of the metro- polis. There was, however, in every street something to tell that the night was one of celebration, and in some of the more thickly inhabited districts there was something very like an approach to the more ambitious efforts of the city proper. The northern part of the suburb lying beyond Elgin-street was comparatively gloomy, and if a feeble trans- parency or a solitary paper lantern peeped out here and there, it only served to render "darkness visible." Elgin-street, Faraday street, and the streets running north and south like Nicholson, Lygon, Car- digan, and Madeline- streets, were dotted pretty thickly with gas stars, candle pyramids, Chinese lanterns, and transparencies of every size and pattern, from the comparatively costly chef d'oeuvre of the ambitious sign painter to the ''Prince Alfred" sold in Bourke street at a shilling. Some of the more select streets were very chastely and effectively lit up with large paper lanterns, the verandahs being festooned with them, and the windows illuminated qith candles. Eliza-terrace was a very creditable example of the illuminations of this class. The University was lit up by tallow lamps erected on platforms around the building, and on the terrace of the front. On the gables of each of the unfinished wings two gigantic A's on grounds twenty-five feet square, were lit up by the same means. Seen from a distance the illumination formed a very striking feature in the remarkable scene of last night, the two letters standing out in lurid relief against the dark noethern sky. In Elizabeth street a triumphal arch had been erected of a rather nondescript character, arising, we presume, from the great width of the street at this point. There is, a large centre arch with horizontal cornice and attic. On either side are three openings, formed by square pillars, surmounted by cornice in a line with the impost of the large arch. The whole is surmounted by trophies, flags, and other appropriate decorations, and forms altogether a very presentable if not handsome appearance. This structure was not lit up, and simply straddled across the street, a gaunt and rather ungainly mass of gloom. Stoney's Hotel formed a very striking object in the otherwise dark north end of the street, each of its twenty windows being brilliantly lit up with candles, and the ground floor being a mass of evergreens, among the leaves of which the light played with line effect. Carlton-gardens, probably for the sake of economy, were a region of utter darkness, and they were characteristically overlooked by the Royal Society's Hall. This mysterious building, which appears to be without a door, and which presents even on the sunniest day a most mildewed and forlorn appearance, was shabbily lit up with cheap paper trans- parencies of no particular meaning or pattern. Taking the Carlton display as a whole, how- ever, it was an exceedingly creditable one, especially when we remember no further back than three or four years ago, the scene of last night's illumination was tea-tree scrub or grazing common. The following is a list of the principal de- corations : NICHOLSON-STREET. James Hennessy, Stockade Hotel-Pyramids of candles, and union jack. John Hagan-Large flagstaff, with union jack and several other flags. J. Muir, Somerset Arms-British ensign, and illumination of candles. ELGIN-STREET. A. M'Kay, draper-British ensign, and transparency containing allegorical figures, representing respectively, plenty, peace, and commerce, with tho motto, "May plenty, peace, and commerce flourish." James Grahame, Clyde Hotel-Union jack, and transparency, representing the Prince in naval uniform, with the motto, "Victoria welcomes Victoria's son." John Curtain, Elgin Hotel-Gas star and several flags. P. R. Taylor, Loughrea Hotel-British en- sign, pyramids of candles on red, white, and green grounds respectively ; upper portions of the windows dressed with flowers. Robert Collins, butcher-Royal standard and two transparencies. DRUMMOND-STREET. Edward Green, grocer-Chinese lamps, flags, and a transparency, representing the Prince in naval uniform, with the motto, " Welcomo to Victoria." RATHDOWNE-STREET. Mrs. Quirk-Transparency, divided into two compartments, one representing His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh in naval costume ; the other, the Galatea, under canvas. VICTORIA-STREET. L. Gardner, butcher-Windows illumi- nated with various appropriate devices. Gas star, union jack, St. George's Cross, and other flags. Royal Society's Hall-The windows illumi- nated with flags, coats of arms, mottoes, and other devices. Mrs. Farrar-Transparency, representing Her Majesty in robes of state, and illumina- tion of candles. Allen's Seminary-Windows illuminated with candles. Dr. Robertson-Windows illuminated with candles. D. Cameron, baker-Large display of flags. BARKLY-STREET. \- Pearson, chemist-Transparency, Aus- tralian coat of arms, with motto "Son of our Queen welcome to Australia." CARLTON-STREET. J. S. Stillwell-Several transparencies, and large display of flags. Gibbons-Display of flags. GRATTAN-STREET. University-Tallow lamps, arranged in the form of two large A's, on grounds 25ft. square, placed on the gables of each wing : the main building illuminated by lamps of a similar kind. LYGON-STREET. John Wolstenholme, Lygon Hotel-Royal ensign, transparency with coat of arms of H. R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, and the motto, '' Nisi dominus frustra." Victorian Engineer Volunteer Corps Orderly-room-Union jack, and transparency with Royal and Duke of Edinburgh coats of arms, and appropriate mottoes. Trades-hall-Large union jack. S. B. Pearce, gasfitter-Gas crown and star. William Palmer, Argyle Hotel-Gas star. W. Pearson, butcher-Transparency repre- senting Victoria welcoming H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, and containing mottoes, "Thrice welcome to our noble Alfred," and "Long live our gracious Queen." R. Cole, draper-Display of flags, and trans- parency. FARADAY-STREET. Lewis's Lincoln Inn-Union jack and French tricolor, and windows of upper floor lit up with transparencies of various designs. Grindlay, grocer-Arch of evergreens, and festoons of Chinese lanterns. CARDIGAN-STREET. Nell's School-Two transparencies, repre- senting respectively the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh. John Plomer, Carlton Club Hotel-British standard, and gas star. Michael Lacy, Coachmakers' Arms-Num- ber of flags and two transparencies ; one with the Harp of Erin and the motto " Cead mille failthe," and the other representing Erin encircled with a wreath of shamrocks, and containing the motto "Erin-go-bragh." Robert Cole, Builders' Arms-Large gas star, and union jack. W. H. Taylor, draper - Three heraldic transparencies, containing coats of arms and various mottos. Downing's Old Lincoln Inn - Windows illuminated with pyramids of candles. MADELINE-STREET. Congregational College-The windows co- vered with various devices, and lit up with candles. Queensberry Hotel-Transparency, repre- senting His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh in Highland costume, and a crown, with motto, " Welcome the Duke to Victoria." E. Cornell, draper-Part of facade out- lined in gas, gas-star, number of flags and banners, and a large transparency, with the word ' ' Welcome," surmounted by a ducal crown. J. Clapperton, draper-Large crown out- lined in light, decorations of floral crowns mid stars, union jack, St. George's cross, and British ensign. Nettleton, photographer-St. George's cross, union jack, British ensign, and ship outlined in gas. PELHAM-STREET. John Cousins, Carlton Inn-British ensign and St. George's cross, ground-floor windows lit up with transparencies. BARRY-STREET. Sir Redmond Barry Hotel-Two trans- parencies and British ensign. ELIZABETH-STREET (NORTH). Triumphal arch. \- Pain, naturalist - Transparency, 10ft. by 9ft., representing aboriginals kangaroo hunt- ing; the trees in the foreground alive with the bird and insect life of Australia. On the top, the Royal and colonial arms are painted, together with flags, banners, and other de- vices. R. W. Aitken's Hour mills-Transparency bearing Duke of Edinburgh's arms, supported by emu and kangaroo, with wheatsheaf in centre, and containing the motto, "Welcome Royal Duke." NAPIER-STREET. Buck's Head Hotel-A crown. Groom's Hotel-Eight-pointed star, with re- flector. Borough Council Chamber-Plain crown, and model of Galatea, with small variegated lamps suspended from the masts and yards. Dr. Haddon-Edinburgh Castle, with High- land swors and battle-axe transverse, sur- mounted by scroll, "Wha qad na up and rally at the Royal Prince's word ?" underneath the motto, "Nisi dominus frustra." BRUNSWICK-STREET, Mr. Ewing, Chemist- Star with reflector. Brunswick Hotel-Eight-pointed star. Mr. Blade, butcher-The Galatea sur- mounted by a crown and the Royal arms, with motto, " Welcome A. E. to Victoria ;" underneath flags of various nations. Mr. P. White, gasfitter-Crown, anchor, and capstan. Mr.Downs' Oddfellows' Hotel-Plain eight pointed star. Mr. Wellstead, grocer-Eight-pointed star with the Hamburgh arms in centre, sub- tended by the motto, "Welcome." The whole encircled by garter and motto. National Hotel-Life-sized portrait of Prince Alfred in naval uniform ; also a man at the wheel, with the inscription, " God speed the Galatea." Mr. Spenseley, ironmonger - String of Chinese lanterns. Labour-in-Vain Hotel-The ordinary sign- board, with small star underneath. Messrs. Oldfield and Co., corn merchants String of Chinese lanterns. HOTHAM. The borough-of Hotham was not very ex- tensively illuminated ; the example set by the municipal authorities in leaving the town-hall and courthouse in darkness being very generally followed. The crowds which at an early hour lined the streets sent a steady stream into the city, to add to the effect of the metropolitan illuminations, until very few were left to patronise the lights to be seen north of Victoria- street. The post-office was the only public building lighted up, and here Mr. Macgibbon had three transparencies- one was an anchor, with "Success to the Galatea ;" another was a crown, with "Long live the Queen;" and the third was "Welcome, Duke of Edin- burgh." The hotels were mostly lighted up with candles, many very prettily. Of these Mr. Ryan's Shakspeare Hotel and the Foun- tain Inn were conspicuous. Mr. Lancshire's hotel had small transparencies in every window, which showed very well. The Royal-park Hotel had a transparency showing the Royal arms, and a gas anchor with the words " Wolcome A. E. A." The Robert Burns had a transparency por- trait, with the word " Welcome." In Errol- street, Mr. Snellgrove, draper, had a very pretty transparency, representing the Duke in Neptune's car, with a number of attendant nymphs, and the words " Neptune's son." Dr. Fulton had a transparency of the Galatea, with the words " Welcome Royal sailor." At Mr. Hillear's, a Forester was re- presented shaking hands with the Prince, and underneath were the words "A Forester's Welcome." Mr. King's (draper), Mr. Mitchell's (watchmaker), and Fogarty Brothers' (grocers) were very brilliantly lighted up with Belmonts. Mr. Riordan's (grocer), and several other houses, were similarly illuminated. Mr. Florant, butcher, displayed a small figure of the Galatea, with the initials "-P.A." Mr. M'Carthy had a very, pretty crown, with the letters "V. R.," which were in all colours, and showed much taste. Mr. Mawby had a really artistic coat of aims, with the initials "A. E." The Errol-street Schools were lighted up, but had no particular device or motto. A number of private residences were illuminated with very pretty stars and other small transparencies, whilst some were ornamented with Chinese lanterns of varie- gated colours. In front of many cottages hung kerosene cans in which had been pierced stars, crowns, anchors, and kindred devices. These with a light inside had a very pretty effect, and displayed both inge- nuity and great industry on the part of the youth of Hotham. In some parts this species of illumination formed quite a fea- ture in North Melbourne. Later at night, as the crowds returned from the city, Hotham presented a more lively aspect, and the efforts of all those who did illuminate were duly appreciated by little knots of loyal sight- seers. FITZROY. In spite of the discouraging fact that the main stream of sight-seers and pleasure seekers tended towards the city last evening, the 'model borough " honestly and unosten- tatiously contributed its portion towards the general rejoicings and festivities. The pre- paratory observances were quietly initiated and undisturbedly prosecuted without either commotion or scramble. Until within the last two days the operations of deco- rative artists were stealthily pursued in isolated localities, and the " laying on" processes and soldering intricacies of gasfitters were inoffensively continued in front of sombre-looking hotels and un- expected street-crossings. With the ex- ception of an unstinted display of flags of every conceivable hue and pattern, few private residences exhibited outward signs either of transparency or reflector. Careful scrutiny into some almost unfrequented thoroughfare was often requited by the revelation of fearful and wonderful records of local art recklessly squandered in the unhappy realisation of life sized portraits of Prince Alfred in naval uniform. This kind of transparency appeared most in general favour. Shortly after sunset last evening the real business of the evening set in. Passing along Nicholson-street, un- interrupted lines of vehicles loaded with passengers were moving towards Mel- bourne ; but the progress of pedestrians met with little impediment. The display of transparencies was very meagre. Royal-ter- race was principally illuminated on the tin socket and candle principle, but there were some exceedingly well executed heraldic de-- vices on black surfaces which showed dis- tinctly ; also, anchors, crowns, &c.; Further on was a row of houses with festoons of varie- gated lamps. The Convent of the Sisters of Mercy displayed a simple cross, but in conse- quence of the freshness of a prevailing sea breeze some difficulty was experienced in lighting it up during the early part of the evening. Mr. Bates' residence was hand- somely decorated with candles, and from its detached position had a pleasing effect from the road. Morrow's St. Andrew's Hotel displayed a small transparency of the Galatea surrounded by flags, can- non, and other munitions of war. From this point northward Fitzroy and Collingwood were completely deserted. In Johnston-street the principal attraction was the East Colling- wood Court-house, the lighting up of which was a complete success. Mr. J. Moore, of Smith-street, exhibited a good -specimen of the Royal arms, which continued to attract small knots of admirers throughout the evening. Mr. Raven, undertaker, cultivated the facetious style. Neptune, with trident, was represented rising from the sea bearing Prince Alfred on his shoulders. The Prince, elated by his position; appeared to be cheering on the old sea-god by waving his cocked hat. Rightdown along as far as Gertrude-street there appeared stars, gods, goddesses, anchors, crowns, capstans, festoons of lamps of many colours and various sizes, with less preten- tious devices of sperm and tin principally exe- cuted in the ancient pyramid form. There were also numbers of heraldic devices with black surfaces, but their effect was altogether of a grim character. The greatest successes in this kind of transparency were those already alluded to in Nicholson-street. The crowd of foot passengers in Gertrude-street was more dense than in any other thoroughfare, but was by no means inconvenient. Messrs. Kennedy Brothers exhibited a quaint re- presentation of the Castle of Edinburgh, with the motto, "Welcome Auld Reekie." Messrs. Walton Brothers, chemists, dis- played a very neat miniature transparency of the Galatea encircled by a rose wreath, sup- ported on either side by Neptune and Amphitrite. The figures were elegantly and tastefully coloured by Miss Kennedy. By its conspicuous excellence it received a large share of admiration. Armstrong's Derby Hotel showed an amusing sketch. In the centre was Prince Alfred, encircled by the legend of the Garter; on the right was the god of beer, who, with Bacchic loquacity, had just pledged the Prince in "Here's your good health ;" on the left was the rosy god of wine, who, seemingly tickled by the easy familiarity of his opposite neighbour, had ventured on the additional improvement, "And your family's ; may you live long and prosper." Victoria-parade, like other localities where the buildings are conjoined, resorted to the system of varie- gated lamps and candles. The Belvidere Hotel displayed a transparency of Britannia with a ship in the distance. A row of houses, from Nos. 61 to 67 inclusive, exhibited three stars with reflectors, and a row of gas jets interspersed with minor stars and crowns, Mr. Heymanson's residence was ornamented by a perforated star with crown in centre. In Napier-street, the town-hall was decorated by a plain crown, and a model of the Galatea, with variegated glass lamps suspended from va- rious parts of the rigging. Much difficulty was experienced in illuminating the design, and when effected the result was not very im- pressive. The fire-bell tower was dressed with evergreens, surmounted by a quad- rangular transparency bearing various armo- rial devices, with the letters "V.R." and '"A. A." in alternate sides. Dr. Hadden's residence showed a miniature representation of Edinburgh Castle, with a Highland basket- hilted sword and battle-axe transverse, sur- mounted by a scroll, "Wha wad na up and rally at the Royal Prince's word!" under- neath, the motto, " Nisi Dominus frus- tra." Throughout the evening the strictest regularity and decorum prevailed. The staid and sober-minded burgesses who preferred the unobstrusive quietness of their respective localities to the bedizenment of Melbourne, leisurely sauntered along the footpaths chat- tering and gossipping anent " the Duke, " till their equanimity because suddenly upset by the explosion of a Chinese cracker maliciously thrown in their path by some grinning street urchin. The number of transparencies and other conspicuous decorations was exceedingly limited, but the display of bunting was won- derful. Smith-street appearing almost as gay as Collins-street in this respect. The follow- ing is an enumeration of the principal de- signs : NICHOLSON-STREET. Morrow's St. Andrew's Hotel-Crown and sunburst, surmounted by scroll bearing the words "Welcome P.A. and D.E."; under- neath, the Galatea with anchor, cannon-balls, and flags. SMITH-STREET (WEST SIDE). Mr. J. Moore, sign-writer-Royal arms, sur- rounded by various sized stars, supported on either side by the letters "V.R.," surmounted by a scroll " The happiness of the people is the glory of the Crown." Also a portrait of Prince Alfred, supported on either side by a digger and a jolly reveller, who is in the act of pledging " A hearty welcome to the Duke." GERTRUDE-STEEET. Rob Roy Hotel-Plain eight-pointed star. Boland's Champion Hotel-Star, with re- flector. Mr. Spencer, grocer-Anchor, surrounded by a wreath of roses, thistles, and shamrocks, surmounted by a crown, and the letters ' V. V." on either side ; motto, " Welcome. " Mr.Livesley, locksmith-An eight-pointed star. Mr. Armstrong's Derby Hotel-Medallion portrait of Prince Alfred, encircled by the legend of the Garter, supported on the nght by the god of beer, with the inscription ' Here's your good health ," on the left the god of wine, with the inscription "And your family's," subtended by the line "May you live and prosper." The whole surmounted by a bust of Her Majesty, supported on the right by a soldier, and on the left by a sailor Mr Bunnan, photographic artist-Star, with reflector. Mr Pearson's Swan Hotel-A well executed specimen of the Australian Arms. The English, Scottish, anti Australian Chartered Bank-Eight pointed, star with re- flector and crown in centre. Walton Brothers, chemists-The Galatea encircled by a rose Wreath, supported on either side by Neptune and Amphitrite, sur- mounted by life- size portrait of Prince Alfred in naval uniform. Scott's Leviathan Hotel-Revolving trans- parencies of Prince Alfred in naval uniform. Kennedy Brothers, grocers-The castle of Edinburgh, with an inscription above -and below, "Welcome Auld Reekie. ' Mr Fawcett, tailor - Reflected star, with crown in centre. Mr. Walters, butcher-Medallion portrait of Prince Alfred, surmounted on either side by the letters " A and E. ' Messes Saqui and Branch's Hotel-Centre star, with the Galatea and cannon on either side, surmounted by the letters ' V. R. ," with 'P.A." under, and two anchors. Mr Greig, fancy toy dealer-Star set with brilliants. Messrs. G. and S. Carter, butchers- Re- flected star. The National Bank of Australasia-A row of gas jets, with the letters ' P. ' and ' A. " Rolls' Freemasons' Hotel-Foresters' arms, supported by the letters "A" and "E" on either side. VICTORIA-PARADE Belvidere Hotel-Britannia, with ship in distance. Nos. 61 to 67 inclusive-Plain star in centre, supported on either side by a star with reflecting border, interspersed with small stars and crowns. Mr. Heymansen-Perforated star, with crown in centre. Georgw street -The Hon. Henry Miller. Large plain star. EAST COLLINGWOOD The inhabitants of this borough were cer- tainly in earnest in their demonstrations of loyalty- the countless number of flags and other outward forms of rejoicing being truly marvellous. Nearly every dwelling however humble, lent its aid to the general display, and the illuminations of the district as a whole, were a rieat success. At the Town hall there was exhibited a large transparency representing the arms of the borough, the word ' Labour, ' being placed on a scroll be- neath , also, a large gas reflecting star, with the motto of the city of Edinburgh- "Nisi Doninus frustra' -in a circle around it. On the roof of the courthouse was displayed the flags of England, Scotland, and Ireland, and there were several other flags surround- ing the building. The befrey was also deco- íated with flags. At the establishment of Mr. Perry, upholsterer, Oxford street, was exhibited a large transparency, representing the federation of the colonies,-figures, each symbolical of a colony, are represented hold- mg a crown, which they are in the act of placing on the head of His Royal Highness and the words "Federal union" are inscribed beneath. The Messrs. Randell, drapers, of Smith- street had a very handsome display of silken flags, &c.; , and at Mr Howgate's, Yorkshire Hotel, Wellington- street, there was an excellent transparency of St. George and the Dragon, with the appropriate motto, "By noble deeds we hope to conquer. " The Oxford street Independent Chapel was also lit with sunlights the effect of which was good. Eastward of Hoddle- street which is more sparsely populated, bunting appealed to be the rule, illuminations the exception. The following were the more general illuminations of the district: - SMITH STREET (EAST SIDE) E. Davis, confectioner-Chinese lanterns Kidney Brothers clothiers- Flags J. Forbes, draper-Transparencies, Crown, anchor, and Galatea, Chinese lanterns, flowers evergreens, flags, &c.; C. Marston, chemist-Transparency, the Duke of Edinburgh, with the word. "Wel- come" over. T. Cole, draper-Transparency, Duke of Edinburgh , and flags extending across the street. J. Crone, watchmaker-Transparency, Irish harp , and flags. W. Gray, Mac' s Hotel-Gas star, and trans- parencies representing Edinburgh Castle, &c.; , flags. Wellsteed, grocer-Gas reflecting star, with Royal standard in centre. A. Ball, Grace Darling Hotel-Trans- parency, the Galatea with the words "Long may he float on the ocean of life. ' J. Buckham, tinsmith-Profusion of Chinese lanterns. W. Oxley, grocer-Chinese lanterns George Biothers, drapers-Chinese lan- terns. M. Solomon, draper-Chinese lanterns A. White, baker-Transparencies, the Galatea, Duke of Edinburgh's coat of arms, with motto "Victoria welcomes Victoria's son. ' E. Smith, grocer-Chinese lanterns J. W. and J. Randell, drapers-Silk flags, representing the Arms of Denmark and Eng- land and a quantity of Chinese lanterns. J. Dally, draper- transparencies, Duke of Edinburgh, Duke's arms, &c.; , flags. L. B. Morcombe, draper-Flags. J. T. Hincks, muslin stamper - Chinese lanterns. B. Emanuel, dentist-Flags. D. Hollis, bootmaker - Transparency, wreath with the words, "Welcome noble Prince. " W. Ireland, seedsman-Evergreens and flags. R. Poynter, draper-Transparency, Britan- nia, with view of the Galatea in the distance; flags. Fielding and Beetchenow, butchers-Trans- parency, anchor , and flags D. Puteux-Transparency, Victoria wel- coming Prince Alfred to her shores. J. Cattach, British Crown Hotel-Trans- parencies, British Crown, thistle, anchor, Edinburgh Castle, flags, &c.; J. Grayson, cutler- Transparencies. Brees, ironmonger-Flags Vaughan and Wild brewers-Flags. WELLINGTON- STREET Gray, butcher-Gas star and flags J. Ormond, Palmerston Hotel-Transpar- encies, coats of arms. J. Levens, draper-Several transparencies the Galatea, the Duke of Edinburgh's coat of arms, crown and anchor, &c.; , and a quantity of flags. N. M'Leod, general dealer-Gas star and variegated lamps. J. T. Wood, Sir Robert Peel Hotel-Trans- parency representing Edinburgh Castle , gar- lands around the building and flags. W. Turnbull, storekeeper-Transparency, Duke of Edinburgh. P. Petherick, Studley Arms Hotel-Trans- parency, Britania. M. Sawyers, Londonderry Hotel-Trans- parencies, rose, shamrock, and thistle , and flags. A. M'Donald, draper-Variegated lamps, flags, &c.; L. Graber, chemist-Chinese lanterns, and illuminated windows. A. Howgate, Yorkshire Hotel-Transpar- ency, St George and the Dragon, with motto "By noble deeds we hope to conquer. " J. Meaden, draper-Gas Prince of Wales feather, and flags. W. Prytherch, saddler-Variegated lamps, and flags. W. H. Allen, chemist-Transparency, coat of arms. J. Bowring, baker-Transparency, Bri- tannia and Victoria united. J. Birch, bootmaker-Gas star and crown H. N. Goodrich pawnbroker- Flags. A. Elliott, coachbuilder-Flags. B. Smyth, Stanley Arms Hotel- illuminated crown. W. Werth, tobacconist-Flags. W. Minifle, oil and colour dealer -Varie- gated lamps, gas star, flags, &c.; DERBY- STREET E. Warwick, undertaker-Transparency, Crown and anchor. F. Cranbourne, Clifton Hotel-Transpa- rencies, "Long life to Prince Alfred," " God save the Queen. " Common School-Chinese lanterns and evergreens. CAMBRIDGE- STREET Exchange Hotel-Transparencies. Crisp, brewer-Flags. OXFORD- STREET W. Perry, upholsterer-A handsome trans- parency representing Prince Alfred, with allegorical figures representing the Austra- lian colonies, surmounted by a crown, with the words "Federal Union." Kavanagh's Oxford Hotel-Transparencies, Britannia, crown. R. Kefford, contractor-Illuminated star. Oxford street Independent Chapel-The entire building lit up. VERE-STREET. W. Lilley, storekeeper.-Chinese, lanterns flags, &c.; W. Wilcox, grocer-Chinese lanterns, flags, &c.; Willow Tree Hotel - Transparencies. JOHNSTON-STREET. J. Page, Galloway Arms-Gas reflecting star and anchor. J. Robinson, smith and wheelwright- flags. D. W. Davies, chemist-Transparency, coat of arms. J. Page, plumber-Gas reflecting star. STANLEY-STREET. H. Eastwood, Earl of Zetland Hotel-Gas star, a profusion of flags, and a novel pyramid containing 386 candles. D. Robertson, Good Samaritan Hotel- flags A. Smith, tailor-Transparency and flags, J. Johnston, bootmaker-Transparency, Prince Alfred, with the words "Australia welcomes Prince Alfred." F. Creed, storekeeper-Flags. L. Le Compte, Suffolk Hotel-Chinese lanterns and flags. H. Ward, illuminating device manufac- turer-Illuminated star. PEEL-STREET. Cornfoot, plumber-Gas star. G. M. Stone, draper-Chinese lanterns, flags, and transparency. W. Barnard, baker-Chinese lanterns and flags. RUPERT-STREET. H. S. Ward-Flags and Chinese lanterns. BURLINGTON-STREET. R. Fraser, dyer-Transparency, "Welcome Alfred," and Chinese lanterns. OTTER-STREET. St. Joseph Roman Catholic School-Flags. HODDLE-STREET. Pearce's Royal George Hotel - Trans- parency. T. Parker, baker-Transparency. Mr. Roberts-Chinese lanterns. Shaftesbury-cottage-Transparency. J. Buck-Transparency. Kene's Yorkshire Stingo Hotel-Windows illuminated with candles. Casey, storekeeper-Transparency. JOHNSTON-STREET. Scholy's Yarra Hotel-Two transparencies. Handley's Early. Bird Hotel-Two trans- parencies. LITHGOW-STREET. Howard's Norfolk Hotel-Chinese lanterns and flags. YARRA-STREET. W. Jones, grocer-Transparency. SIMPSON'S-ROAD (NORTH SIDE). Hyland's Burke and Wills Hotel-Two transparencies. Grosvenor Common School-Two trans- parencies. Knack's, Brickmaker's Arms - Trans- parency, Royal arms with word "Welcome" underneath. Mann, butcher-Chinese lantern, flags, and evergreens. E. Dickson, butcher-Portrait of Prince, with word " Welcome" above it. T. Hackett, chemist-Transparency, Gala- tea, with words "Welcome to Melbourne." E. Mulcahey, storekeeper-Portrait of Prince, with words ' ' Welcome to Melbourne Duke of Edinburgh." EAST MELBOURNE. The majority of the houses in this part of the city being private dwellings, and some what removed from the central points of attraction, the efforts which were made in the way of illuminations were not of a very extensive kind. Many of the residents moreover, were anxious to witness the exhib- bitions in the city, and were consequently unable to devote particular attention to the decoration of their own houses. Yet a few of the displays in this locality, although not very elaborate, were noticeable from the tasteful manner in which they were prepared. At the residence of the Roman Catholic bishop there was a triangle, consisting of parti-coloured glass, illuminated with gas in the centre there was a mitre, surrounded by fifteen stars and ten shamrocks, a rose and thistle underneath, and a cross on the top. The words, "Salus et benedictio," were on the base. At St. Patrick's College there was a glory, in glass, with shamrock leaves underneath. There was a cross, in gas, on St. Peter's Church, having in the centre glass transparency, bearing the letter I.H.S., surrounded by the words, "Fear God and honour the Queen." The Eastern-Hill Orderly-room contained a star of Brunswick in gas, in the centre of which were the words "Welcome to Victoria," and "P. A. D. E. A very pretty effect was produced by two rows of lighted candles being placed in each window of the Government Printing Office, the pleasant appearance of which was en- hanced by the building being situated a short distance from the road, thereby preventing close inspection. Some of the terraces, par- ticularly Fitzroy and Burlington terrace, were illuminated with coloured paper lan- terns, which were suspended in various ways along the balconies of the houses. The other principal illuminations were as fol- low : Scotch College-Star in gas. Victoria Parade Brewery-Gas illumina- tion : star rays around a circle, with the let- ters "A. E. A." in gas. Parade Hotel, Wellington-parade-Star in gas. Half Way House Hotel-Transparency arms of the city of Edinburgh. The Hon. J. G. Francis-Illuminated star in gas, St. George's cross in centre, with the motto " Honi soit qui mal y pense." Stewart-Transparencies : star, with let- ters " H. R. H." above ; crown and "Wel- come D. E. ;" crossed flags, with anchor and stars. Trinity Church-Star in gas. E. Scott, Victoria-parade-Star in gas. The houses of Messrs. G. Cohen, Ramsden, and C. Hodgkinson, attracted particular attention, both from the number and ar- rangement of the coloured lanterns which they displayed. EAST RICHMOND. There is not much to report in this district. It is situated too far from the centre of attrac- tion to be much frequented during the pre- sent festive season, and the result is that those resident in the neighbourhood do not feel much inclined to take steps to illuminate or decorate their houses. There are many who say they would gladly illuminate, but have not done so because they would have to stay at home to watch their designs and look to the safety of their dwelling while they would much rather be in Mel- bourne seeing the grand doings in that place. The important event of the Duke's visit has not, however, been altogether overlooked, may be seen by the large number of flagstaffs that have been erected in every part of the district. These are so numerous that any detailed description of them would be tedious to our readers, so we will simply refer to few of the most important. The first these is necessarily the new flagstaff, about sixty feet high, erected by the Borough Coun- cil in the ground adjoining the town-hall. The flag is a Large red ensign, the effect which is rather marred by its bearing the "brand," in white letters, "Richmond Cor- poration." This flagstaff is a very fair speci- men, but it partakes of the common error observable in every part of the district, and indeed, in every part of Melbourne and the suburbs, of the rope for hoisting the flag being passed through the staff instead through the truck at the top, the result which is that it is impossible to hoist the flag to the mast-head, and some are there- fore little better than half-mast high. One of the most conspicuous of the private flags is that of Dr. Stewart, the mayor whose residence is situated on the top of the hill. This flag is a fine yellow one with a large red lion rampant, and owing its great elevation it can be seen a long dis- tance round. There was also a fair display of flags by Mr. Labertouche, paper-bag maker, of Baker-street, consisting of a red ensign and two tricolours. Some pretty strings of flags were shown in various parts of the district, and in a few cases Chinese lanterns were suspended from the trees in the gardens with good effect. Most of the hotels and many of the private homes had good flags flying, but they do not call for special mention. This seem to be the favourite form of decoration, and the general effect of so much bunting waving in the breeze in this usually quiet locality, was to give it a gay and pleasing appearance. Contrary to what might had been expected, the town authorities took no steps in the way of illuminating or erecting triumphal arches, and possibly this want of example may have had its effect in deterring the residents of the borough from doing much themselves. Indeed, had there been good display of illuminations, it is pretty cer- tain there would have been but few to see them, for at an early hour groups of gaily- dressed persons passed along the principal thoroughfares, whose destination was Mel- bourne, and after that time Richmond was comparatively deserted village. The following is a list of the illuminations, &c;, in this district : CHURCH-STREET. A. Inman, painter and paperhanger illuminated Crown. \- Feigl, draper-Transparency, represent- ing the Galatea crown, and star. \- Cutter, publican-Two transparencies depicting the Prince in naval uniform, and the Galatea. G. Nicholls, solicitor-Floral decorations, Chinese lanterns, and flags. M. Pannifax, gentleman-Display of Chinese lanterns. A. Gibb upholsterer-Three transparen- cies, one representing the Galatea, and the others geometrical figures. Britten and Son, grocers and drapers-Two transparencies, the one a coat of arms and the other a crown, bearing the mottoes, "Pro- rege lege grege," " Welcome," and "A. D. A. " Rowe, butcher-The letters ' P. A. ," lllu- minated. Snellgrove and Son, drapers-Large trans- parency, representing the Prince and Nep- tune in a shell, drawn by sea -horses, preceded by a merman and other figures blowing trumpets, beneath, the words "Welcome Alfred " Also evergreen decorations and a number of Chinese lanterns, forming alto- gether a very handsome display. In addition to the above, a fire balloon was sent up from this place. J. Coverlid, greengrocer- Evergreens and flags. W. Speed, publican-Illuminated crown and stars. Parkins-publican -Fine display of flags SWAN- STREET J. Heaton, publican-Full- length portrait of the Duke in naval uniform. RlCHMOND- ROAD Roman Catholic Parsonage-Gas star, with the motto, "Ad majorem Dei gloriam " J. C. Jones chemist-Transparency, with the Galatea in the centre, surrounded by anchors, flags, &c.; , and " Welcome " WEST RICHMOND. Could this district have only reproduced the pyrotechnical displays of days gone by, when Cremorne was literally a blaze of light night after night and week after week, when Sebastopol was demolished in mimicry with nearly as much noise and fire, and far more acclamation than it was in reality, then might have been chronicled an illumination more worthy of the occasion. But seeing that both the services of gas fitters and the materials for illuminating purposes have been at a far greater premium than ever before occurred in Melbourne, or is likely to happen again for some considerable time, it is not to be expected that the suburbs can make the display they would otherwise have done though the illuminations in the principal streets of this portion of Richmond are highly creditable to the inhabitants, and evince a great spirit of loyalty, and a determination in common with all Austialia, to make the visit of the Prince an event long to be remembered both by him and themselves. Fortunately, the fear at one time entertained that the gas would not be sufficient to supply the metropolis and the suburbs on the same night, proved groundless, and nothing could exceed the brilliancy and gaiety of the scene. The private houses, both large and small were exceedingly well lit up, in the shape of handsome lanterns, candles, and the smaller class of transparencies, and the general effect was really good. However, flags were the order of the day, and so large and numerous were they, that never before has Richmond presented an appearance at once so animated and gay. The following are the principal llluminations, &c.; :- Police Barracks-Large sunlight, with arch over, and ' A ' in centre. BRIDGE- ROAD Napier Hotel, J. Wilson-Transparency and flag. Hon. W. Highett-Transparency on glass, of star, jewel, and older of the garter, and various variegated lamps. Houghton, perambulator -maker -Tran- sparency. A figure with a trumpet, resting on a shield, with 'A. E. A." in centre, and scroll above wlth the words "Long live our Sailor Prince, and three large flags. Chaplin, grocer-Transparency of the Prince. Foresters' Arms, G. Wilson-Variously coloured transparency Star, with crown in centre surmounted by " V. R. " in the corners an anchor with " P. A. " over, star and garter, and "Welcome to Victoria" under neath. Thomas Taylor, butcher-Transparency Royal arms. A. Lewis, linendraper-Large flag, with lion rampant in corner. Thomas Jones, chemist-Gas star, "Wel- come to Victoria, P. A. D. E. ," and anchor with large union jack. G. P. Marchant-Pyramids of candles. Robert Foot, shoemaker, &.c -Gas star. and transparency of the Galatea. Bridge- road Hotel, Patrick O'Toole-Trans- parency. F. E. Canton, dentist-Transparency, Duke of Edinburgh. A. F. Lewis, draper-Gas star, with Royal arms in centre , and large union jack. F. Bosworth, plumber, &c.; -Gas star, and flag. Star and Garter Hotel, R. W. Kitchin- Large sunlight, with ' A " in centre, star over an arch, and several different national and other flags. W. M. Butler, grocer-Illuminated crown and the British ensign. Joseph White, hay and corn store-Gas star, and the union jack. Builders' Arms Hotel, N. Bennett-Nume- rous large Chinese lanterns. Dickason, coachbuilder-Large flags City of London arms and Spanish flag. Burton's Red House- Transparency, coat of arms, and flags. Bosisto, chemist-Transparency of Bri- annia, and large flag. National Bank of Australasia-Gas star. Stirling draper-Large gas star, with crown and cushion in centre. Woods and Robinson, drapers-Gas star with castle in centre of shield surmounted by a crown, with 'Welcome," and motte ' Nisi dominus frustra. ' Dr. Wilson-Five transparencies coat of arms and four stars of various designs. Mr Ligar-Thirty six variegated lamps and large flag. A. Bilton, bootmaker-Three transparen- cies, crown and anchor and two stars. J. Dines, grocer-Crown, V.R. and "God save the Queen," and two stars, with flag. H. Mieiz, tobacconist-Large transparency with Galatea in centre, and "Welcome Vic- toria's son to Victoria, and large flag. J. Setford, paperhanger-Transparency of Prince, with " Welcome Victoria's Son to Victoria. ' Numerous first rate flags of different na- tions gave the street quite an animated ap- pearance. LENNOX STREET Bell and Butt, undertakers-Transparency of the Queen. Messiter-Crown and star, Chinese lan- terns, and large flag. London Tavern, Lilly-Transparency Crown, star, rose, thistle, and shamrock, "A. E. A ," and three flags. R. Wallan-Numerous coloured Chinese lanterns, various designs. SWAN- STREET Railway Hotel, H. A. Hickman-Large front of fourteen windows, each lit by pyra- mid of candles with bouquet in centre, with Danish flag and English ensign. J. Mayblle, hay and corn store- Flags and several Chinese lanterns. Don, chemist;-Transparency, crown and stars, with large British ensign. Biggin, pastrycook-Chinese lanterns, and flag. W. H. Martin, butcher-Transparency Crown, and Chinese lanterns with large flag. Duke of Richmond Hotel, G. Grieefe. Crown with anchor and two stars, "Wel- come P. A. , and flags. CREMORNE- STREET Yarra Hotel-M. Ryan-Lit up with can- dles, and several flags. PUNT- ROAD Cricketers' Arms Hotel, J. Theobald- Transparency, cross and anchor, "Welcome Prince Alfred," Chinese lanterns, and severe flags. Royal Hotel W. Higgs-Transparency. Duke of Edinburgh , candles, and flag. Sir Henry Barkly Hotel-Transparency and flags, with evergreen arch in front of house. ROWENA-PARADE Liddall's bakery-Large triumphal arch across the road, tastefully decorated with evergreens, flowers, and flags; the street being otherwise gay with numerous large flags. Builder's Arms (Urquhart)-Transparencies, Chinese lamps and flags. Canterbury Villas-Numerous lanterns and flags, and tastefully decorated with festoons of evergreens and flowers, and the letter "V. D. E." Oxford and Cambridge Hotel-Transparency -Two crowns, and numerous candles, &c.; ELISABETH- STREET Sydenham Hotel, E. Wright-Transparency of the Prince, with " Welcome, bonnie laddie. " SIMPSON'S -ROAD (SOUTH SIDE) Victoria Hotel-Transparency Victoria: emblems supporting British arms. Price, builder-Transparency. Connor, draper-Two transparencies. Smail, draper-Two transparencies. Lambert, general dealer-Transparency- (Victonan emblems supporting British arms) and flags '' G. Walls-Transparency: Galatea Bricklayers Arms (T. Kennedy)-Trans- parency portrait of Prince with Galatea un- derneath. W. Black, draper-Two transparencies. North Richmond Hotel (C. Shelley)-Full- length portrait of the Prince leaning on an anchor with the word "Welcome" over Pfeil baker- Three transparencies. Lord Raglan Hotel (Potter)- Transparency -portrait of Prince with a female figure on each side supporting a scroll over his head with the words "Honour to the brave. ' WILLIAMSTOWN The dull appearance of Williamstown last night when compared with its neighbours across the Bay may be accounted for by the fact that a large proportion of the inhabitants had availed themselves of the half hour trains to witness the illuminations in Mel- bourne. Nearly the whole of the shops in Nelson place were closed and of those which were open there were not more than one or two that were illuminated in the smallest degree. The Custom house how- ever at the corner of Thompson street and Nelson place had every burner lighted with gas. One shop window in Thompson street was adorned with a transparency of the Prince and some Chinese lanterns out- side. The Barkly Arms Hotel was lighted up with candles somewhat sparingly and the Williamstown, Chronicle office exhibited a number of well executed transparencies with various mottoes. The electric light again shone with much brilliancy from the roof of one of the railway sheds, the platform upon which the apparatus was placed being decorated with a large number of variegated lamps producing a fine effect when seen at a distance. Mr Pentland's residence in Cecil- street presented two transparencies of some merit, the one a harp and the other the Royal arms, the other windows of the building being illuminated with candles. In front of Mr. Masons residence nn Dover- road were exhibited an illuminated crown and festoons of coloured lamps which looked remarkably well. These were the only illuminations worth noticing in Williamstown. A number of blue lights were burned on board the Donald Mackay lying alongside the railway pier the masts and yards of which vessel were hung with lanterns. The Pharos, Government steamer was also decked with lanterns fore and aft and made a very fair pyrotechnic display durig the evening. The illuminations in the bay as well us those in Melbourne were seen to advantage at Wil- liamstown. The effect was grand and im- posing. FOOTSCRAY This loyal borough did little in the way of illuminating beyond the hotels and one or two private houses. On the previous night however the township was completely lighted up by two bonfires-one in front of Mr. M'Millan's the principal buteher in the township; and the other on the hill towards Stony Creek. At this bonfire Messrs. Stewart, Comben and Dickson gave valuable assistance in carting the firewood and the tar barrels ; and Mr Ryan brought up a large supply of M' Craeken' s triple X. For about two hours whilst the fire lasted between two and three hundred of old and young thoroughly enjoyed themselves; and as long as M'Cracken's held out there was no lack of good healths and well wishers to the Duke of Edinburgh. KEW At this pretty suburban retreat the inhabi- tants made a very good show of the flags of all nations during the day but at night the village was left to silence and darkness. All the places of business were closed and the few municipal lamps only showed dots of star -like brilliancy here and there. The fol- lowing list contains the names of those who made the chief display of flags on the main- road -A. Serpell grocer; O. Vaux, saddler; J. P. Roebuck chemist; S, Kellett, draper; Newman, bootmaker; J. Blackitt, iron- monger; C. Wright, baker ; C. Kirkwood, grocer; and M. Currie, Council Hotel. At the Yarra Bend Asylum the patients have been most assiduous in their efforts to com- memorate the arrival of the Duke. Dr. Paley wishing te give as many of his attendants as possible an opportunity of participate, in the rejoicings in the metropolis has decided on deferring festivities at the institution till Thursday. Should the weather permit, on that day the patients will have various out- door amusements during the day and in the evening the large hall, which is capable of holding between 300 and 400 persons will be fitted up for some theatricals and a dance. A tasty proscenium for the stage surmounted with portrait of Shakepeare has been exe- cuted by one of the patients. For some weeks past numbers of the patients have been at work making various decorations for the interior and extenor of the various build- ings and from what we saw of the prepara- tions the institution will present a very gay appearance. At the lodge on the Heidel- berg road a triumphal arch has been erected which will be decorated with flags and banners. The inhabitants of Kew had a large bonfire on the reserve. HAWTHORN This suburb presented an unusually gay appearance. Flags were to be seen at nearly every place of business on the main road and in the pleasure-grounds of several of the more wealthy inhabitants. As the evening drew on a stream of passenger traffic poured townwards, and by eight o'clock the streets were empty Hawthorn having emptied itself into Melbourne. As a consequence there was no general attempt at illumination. The best show was made by Mr. S. Lloyd, butcher, main road, who, in addition to a display of flags had a number of lanterns perforated with tasteful designs, arranged in a bower of evergreens. Flags were displayed from the town hall, Fletcher's Hotel, D. Baker's (butcher) Sir Robert Nickle Hotel, and many other places during the day. BRUNSWICK In this suburb very few of the transparenc- cies or gas lights were lit up owing possibly to two causes-namely the fear of shortness of gas and the excessive desire to see the Melbourne illuminations. With the excep- tion of the post-office where a transparency was exhibited and a gas star by Mr Rosser, the whole of the illuminations were left to private individuals, some of whom had very pretty designs and a goodly display of Chinese lan- terns. There is no doubt on the night of their local demonstration (Tuesday next) this suburb intends proving itself worthy of the royal name it bears as also their pride in receiving a visit from the illustnous scion of the royal house of Brunswick. NORTHCOTE There was nothing in the way of general illumination here. An enterprising draper who keeps what he has named the "Argus store," and deals in newspapers and haber- dashary had a very good transparency representing a ducal coronet and a welcome to the Duke ; and a neighbouring apothecary had a very pretty similar design in miniature with the Manx motto of "Trio junctain uno." These with a few lamps elsewhere were the only attempts at illumination. There were several banners, all of the same pattern and representing the union jack; and more than one wide awake publican adopted this cheap plan of calling attention to his loyalty and his wares. Even the public houses were deserted and the bulk of the population had gone to Melbourne in gigs, tax- carts and every other cart and car that could be raised the greater number of the passengers being women and young Australians bent on seeing the illuminations of the city. KEILOR The board of the road district provided a large bonfire and the chairman a hogshead of ale. There was a good display of fire- works. All went off peaceably. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH ] SALE The town was brilliantly illuminated on Saturday night and yesternight in honour of the Duke's arrival. Today we had a sort of free banquet with the time honoured roast bullocks. The rejoicings will terminate with a grand display of fireworks and monster bonfire to night. Similar re- joicings have taken place in every town and village in Gipps Land. It is hoped that His Royal Highness will honour this the garden of Victoria with a flying visit. We promise good sport if nothing more. MARYBOROUGH To day has been observed as a public holi- day. A free banquet is to be given to night to all the children of the town. Large bon- fires were lighted last night on every emi- nence as far as the eye could reach. Reflec- tions were visible for some forty miles off. rrintcd und published by noon OBORBB, J* Tun Annus OUIco, Collins-street, Melbourne, (or wuson and MACEIMTOS proprietors. 