THE NEWS OF- THE DAY. HUH the I-oke of Edinburgh has formally rtnufied his intention to bo present at the New Tear's Pay meeting ef the Victoria Racing C1l 'froat on a largo scale is to be given to the boys of the Galatea to-day, by the Royal Reception Commission. They leave Williams town by tho 0 a.m. train, will be convoyed in cabs to the Parliament Houses, tho Library, the Jlosenm, and tho Zoological Gardens, dining «t tho Royal Park at 1 p.m. Tho boys will, after dinner, engage in gimes of cricket, foot ball, aunt SRlly, &o.;, and return to tho city ior tea at G.30 p.m.; and, through tho courtesy of Mr Coppin, they will ha onubled to spend the evening at tho Haymarkot, returning to Williamstown by tho 12 o'clook train. They will then ba conveyed on board tlio Galatea by means of their steam launch. Tho boys will be accoaipaniod by tho fife and dram ban! balonging to tho Williamstown Naval Brigade. The grand civic fancy dress ball will be given at the Now Exhibition Building tliis evening. Judging from tho preparations which have been made, aud the number of invitations issued and accepted, the entertain ment will prove a most magnificent one. It ia necessary that Iadic3 and gentlemen attending a. i,,n ci,n.il,1 pirA hpc.il to tho folloTvinc di rections :— Tho character of Gach lady and gentleman must bo written on tho faco oE tho card to be presented at tho door. A minute description of tho dresses worn, if written on the back of the cird, will greatly facilitate the reporters in their duties. Every precaution ivill bo taken to prevent tho intrusion of im proper persons by tha transference of tickets. Carriages are' to enter Latrobo-street from Russell-slreet, and sot down at the two en trauces to tho Exhibition Building in that street, then to procaod westward, and take nn in tho Bamo order. His Royal High liess ths Duke of Edinburgh, his Excel lency the Governor, and their respective suites, will honor the ball with their atten dance at an early hour. The doors will be thrown open at nino o'clock. ? We are authorised to state that the Sailors' Homo Ball has been definitively lixod for tho 31st instant. . - . ? ' Tho united 'spcechday ' ot tho Church of England Grammar School, Wosloy College, St. Patrick's College and Scotch College took placo on Saturday, in tho new Exhibition building, when his Royal Highness the Duke of Edin burgh presided, and distributed tho prizes to the succB3sful competitors in the recsnt exami nations. It wis a rare and decidedly gratify ing spectaclo to see working cordially togethor the representatives of four churches supposed tp bo antagonistic — the Rov. Dr. Corrigan, Wesley Collogo ; Rav. Alexander Morrison, Scotch College ; R=vvl3auc Moor, S.J., St. Pa trick's College ; and tUe Rov. Dr. Bromby, of tho Chnrch of England Grammar School. About &000 persons were present, including the pupils of the schools. His Royal Highness readied tho Public Library at noon, and accorded an inter view to the foreign consuls, an aecoautof which wo publish elsewhere. Ho then devoted him self to tho more in teras ting and important task of the day. Ho entered the large hall o£ tho Exhibition building at twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, and after the National Anthem had been sung, tho elocutionary aud mu sical programma in which the boys look port was got through iu a business like manner in forty minutes. Tho Prince then handed ovor ths prizes to their destined holders, ovidently with much pleasure ; and when ho had finished, he requested additional holidays for tho boys of the different schools, a request which was unanimously nccoded to by tho lioads of the four establishments. Ac cording to armngoment, the pupils are not, therefore, to meet thoir preceptors ngain till the 2nd February. All tho preliminaries for the event of Saturday wero arranged by tho head masters of tho schools most amicably, and appeared to havo given general satisfac tion. H.R.K. tho Duko of Edinburgh attended divine service on board his ship yesterday, as ko usually does. Ho went from Melbourne by special train to Williamstown at nine o'clock, and returned to town at two y'clock in the afternoon. Several changes havo been made in tho Vic torian Eleven by tho match committee ap pointed by tho association, Mossrsi Fowler and Phillips giving placo to Messrs Bennett and Greaves. The following is the list finally de cided upon : — Allan, Bennett, Campbell, Con way, Cosstick, Gibson, Greaves, Kelly, Itobett spn, Wardill and Wills. J. A. Smith will act as umpire, and C. Hipwell as scorer. The Sydney eleven visited the ground on Saturday, and did not appear very highly impressed with tho play of their opponents, offers of 2 to 1 being freely mado on New South Wales. We are glad to notice that tbo Victorian Cricketers' Association are using all endeavor3 to make our visitors' trip as enjoyable as possible, and they have procured — thanks to the liberality of tho Government — freo passes for them on tho Victorian Railways. We trust no contretemps will occur to inar tho enjoyment and good feeling generated between the cricketers of tho two colonies. It is officially announced that Christmas Day will bo observed as Sunday at all post offices in Victoria; and that as Thursday next has been appointed a public holiday, all post offices will on that day be closed from ten a.m. to four p.m., only the morning and evening deliveries being effected by letter earners. The mails, howewsr, will bo despatched ns usual. The trial of Richard Thomas Bc-iiemoy '.-- the murder of his wife was concluded i,i tho llelbonrno Criminal Sessions on Saturday. Dr. Fitzgerald was the only witnes3 caiied by the prisoner's counsel. After his ovidti.ee had been taken, Mr Dunne replied upon the whole case, His Honor then summed up, and the jury, after deliberating for about half an hour, retnraed a verdict of 'Not guilty.' The , spectators manifested their approval of the verdict in a rather demonstrative manner, bnt on the intervention of tho crier order was im mediately restored. The accused, before leaving the dock, assured his Honor that he left tho court innocent of the fearful crime ?which had benn attributed to him. On reach ing the court yard ho fainted, and was in sensible for nearly a quarter of an hour. The case of the Queen v. Thompson and others will be taken this morning. There will to no meeting of tho City Council to- day in consequence of the preparations for tho fancy dress ball and the approaching Christmas holidays. Mr F. L. Smyth seems now tolerably cer tain to be returned for North Gipps Land. There wa3 au enthusiastic meeting of the electors at Rosedale the other evening, when resolutions in favor of Mr Smyth and of the Ministerial policy generally were enthusi astically carried ; and an influential committee was appointed to secure the return of the popular candidate. What gives most Bignifi cancs to the demonstration is that it seems to indicate the feeling of the entire district. Saya tteilMeor Times:— 'It has been rumored that Mr Lewis, of Whroo, intends standing for Rodney at tho forthcoming election, but we ore given to understand that such is not the case. Mr Lewis is, wo imagine, too sensible to do anything of the kind ; he must know that he would stand no chance iu opposing Mr Mac gregor, especially in tho present position of political affairs.' Wo have Now South Wales files to tho 18lh inst., but, as rtsuul, tho most interesting uows has been- anticipated by telegram. The ship St. Bernard, which will clear ont at the Customs and sail for Yokohami to-day, is the first ves3ol to proceed direct from Mel bourne to Japan. Her cargo is more than half made up of colonial produce, about 100 tons being beef and mnttou preserved and cured in various ways. In addition to thi3 thera aro haws, jams, bottled fruits, leather, oVe. Tho St. Bernard has been loaded and chartered solely by Mr S. D. Tallermau, to whom belongs tho credit of opening up this new field of industry. We havo Hobart Town files to the IStU inst., but the news is unimportant. A gentleman intimately acquainted with tho Barrabool Hills, Bcllarine, aud other agricul tural districts surrounding Gcelong, visiting the town on Saturday, strongly condemned tho croaking of tho local journals with respect to tho crops. Ho states (as our correspon dent informs us) that tho average crop of wheat will be fully e-jual to some of the best years gone by, and that the oat crop will not be much under. Iu some districts barley has been much moro extensively sown than for merly ; largo qnantities of it have been cut for green feed, find that left standing looks healthy and vicoi'ous. ' One of tho Council ' of Eaglehawk requests ns to state the circumstances which prevented a luncheon being provided during his Royal Highness's visit. Our correspon dent says: — 'In order to avoid any hurry or bustle at tho last, and that wo might be fully .prepared, this council placed itself in commu nication with ths Royal Rscoptioa Committeo relative to a visit frowi his It'jytil Highness us far back as 7th October. In answer to our numerous letters, we could get no definite reply as to whether the Duke wonld visit Eagloha-.vk or not. Owing to this uncertain state of afr fair?, together with tho fact that tho Sandhurst Reception Committoe intended, if they could, to prevent' a visit, this council did not feel jus tified in incurring an expenditure of £150 for a luncheon. At length we received, intelligence that his Royal Highness tho Duko intendsd honoringEagle'aawk witha vi3it, and at once the council set to work, but it was too late ; and on ono could bo found in Sandhurst who would undertake to got up a luncboon in the time. In fact, we had somo difficulty in getting auy ono tc provide tho refreshments we had (which, by tho way, consisted of moro than champagne and cherries) . Under theso circumstances, it will bo seen that tho council aro not to blame. In con clusion, I may add that tho reception Eaglehawk gave to Sir Charles Darling, and more recently to his Excellency Sir H. Manners Sutton, is an earnest of the manner in which his Reyal Highness would havo been received had the council been mado aware a little sooner of tho certainty of a visit.' Tho number of persons arrived at tho port of Melbourne during tho past woek, by way of seaboard, was as follows: — Neighboring colonies, 506, of whom 292 wero arrivals from New Zealand ; United Kingdom, C'2-i ; Point de Galle, 63 ; New York, 1. Total, 1284. Via Sydney, wo have later news from New Caledonia. The steam frigate Primagnet, commanded by Captain Boehet, arrivod at Noumea on the 2ith of October, from Shanghai station, in China, having visited on her voyage, Hongkong, Saigon, Sourabaya and Sydney. Capt. Bochet immediately placed his vessol at tho disposal of tho local Government, who were organising an expedition to punish the out rages of the natives at Pousbo, on tho night of the Gth of October last. On board tho Primaguet is a gentleman named Suenson, an officer of the Danish nnvy. Tlio fine three masted vessel St. Marc, 480 tons burden, com manded by Captain Cangaadel, arrived at Noumea from Bordeaux after a voyage last ing for ono hundred days. She brought a largo supply of Government stores of all. kinds. On Friday evening; tho 22nd November, H.I.M.'s ship Sibylle returned to Noumea from Pouobo, having on board the Governor and tho Pro cureur Imperial. This vessol brought with her tho guilty parties implicated in tho crimes committed on the night intervening between the Oth and 7th of October last. Tho Moniteur of tlio 24th of November reports the return of tho Sibylle, but carefully abstains from furnishing any particulars from un senti ment de reserve, which leaves sonic consider able room for imagination. That paper, on tho 24th ultimo, however, states that it would publish the results of tho trials. Several persons were admitted to the Mel bourno Hospital on Saturday, suffering from injuries accidentally received, anl which were all of a similar character. Benjamin Hills man, whilst driving a cart loaded with dairy produce, fell oil', and tho wheel passing over his head caused injuries which it is feared will prove fatal. Fielding Stewart fell oft' a cart he was driving along, tho Beualla-road, and tho wheel passed over his nesk and loft shoulder. James M'Douald, of Brunswick, had his right leg broken by tho wheel of a cart passing over it. William Bird, of the Immigrants' Home, was knocked down by a runaway horse on the St. Kilda-road, and had his leg broken. A very clever capture of two notorious thieves, and one which reflects greai credit upon the officers engaged, detectives Hannan and Christie, was made yesterday morning. It appears that the premises of Mr Everard, No. 1 Barkly- terraco, Grey-street, East Mel bourne, were entered between Friday night and Saturday morning, and a quantity of plate valued at £20 stolen. The matter was re ported to the police, aud yesterday morning, at about one o'clock, detectives Hannan and Christie observed a man carrying a bag. Sus pecting from appearances that the thing was 'crooked' they followed him for somo time, but eventually missed him, the morning being very dark. They, however, mado inquiries, and found tho man had entered an unfinished house ia Drummond- street, and had afterwards left. The detectives searched the house, and found in an unfinished floor a bag containing plate. They then secreted themselves, ex pecting the man would return, and had not waited long before he made his appearance, ac companied by three other men. Having al lowed them to take possession of the bag and leave the building, tho detectives followed, and after a gallant straggle succeeded in arresting two of them. They wero both well known criminals, named Brennau alias Ginger, Ragan and'Merrit aiias Lane. Bronnan had the bag in his possession when arrested. Its contents were afterwards identified by Mr Everard as the property stolen from his house. 'A number of petty robberies of money from the jockeys and stable lads resident at Mr Chadwick's Royal Hotel, Flemington, have re cently occurred. On the 17th inst., a boy lost £.5, and on the following day another loss of £20 was reported. The matter having been placed in the hands ef the detective police, detectives Williams end Jennings yesterday went out to the hotel and, after making in quiry, arrestod Frederick Alexander, tho well known jockey, and tha rider of Warwick at the lato meetings. On searching the prisoner, tho whole of the stolon monoy, which was in £5 notes, together with a number of box keys stolen from the jockeys, was found sown up in tho lining of his cap. Manton, the jockey, who was thrown whilo riding Jack Tar, in tho hurdle race, Ballarat. on Friday afternoon, is in tho hospital. Ho is still alive, but still insensible, and the chances of liis getting over the accident are very slight. The injuries are principally to the spine between tho shoulders, and tho lower limbs we rapidly becoming paralysed. It is so long since any serious accident oc curred through tho negligent use of kerosene, that people seem to havo become moro care less than ever. In the Talbol Leader, how ever, two incidents arereported, either of which seems sufficient to inspire a wholesome caution: — ' A serious acccideut has happened to Mrs Marshall, senior, of Amherst. Mrs Marshall was standing in Messrs H&ckett; and Co.'s store, when by some moans a kerosene lamp, which was placed on the counter, was overturned and ignited her clothing, causing some dreadful burns. She was promptly removed to the Am-. herstDistrict Hospital.' That is one, and now for the second : .' A narrow escapo from a con Hicrrntion occurred on Wednesday night, from tho burslin.cr of a keroseno lamp on Mrs Saulfs premises, at the foot of Camp-street. The in mutes of the houso had retired to rest leaving the lamp hanging in tho bav, and turned down to its lowest limit, when an explosion took place, and a strong glare of light was instantly 'observed to pervadi) the building. The in mates at once rushed to tho bar and found tho liquid covering the floo), and in a Maze, which but for tho speedy application of two or thwo buckets of water would have communicated with tho papering and liuing of the house, nnd soon reduced it to ashes.' The current number of Dicker's Mining Record is rather above tho average. In addi tion to tho uauul information, which ia very full nud very clearly put, there is a good litho graphic description of ' Shsicing-off' in the Ballarat Freehold Mine. During the visit of his Royal Highness to tho Ballarat racecourse on Friday, an oltl gentleman named Mr Alexander Coutts, whom ihe Prince ha:l expressed a desire to seo, was presented to him. Mr Coutts (whs is father in-law to Mr E. J. Lewis, solicitor, Ballarat), had, in the Prince's oarly days, been resident at Balmoral ; and, hearing of hi3 being staying on Ballurat.the Prince consequently expressed a desire to have an interview. A local contem porary says that his Royal Highness had a long chat with Mr Coutts, nud subsequently recommended to Mr Vcrdon that ho should be employed in somo position under the Govern ment. A serious accident occurred at Grasmero, near Warrnambool, a few days ago, on tho farm of Mr Dugald Jenkins. A nephew of his, Duncan Jenkins, was trying to shoot a wild bullock in tho yards. Unfortunately, ho took aim in tho direction of tho housa and missed tha bullock, and John Jenkins, who at the moment was stepping out of the doorway, received tho bullet in tho middle of tho loft arm, above the elbow. Tho bullet was a marble, and this, after shattering the bone, broko into pieces. The Examiner observes — ' The wound is a very severe ono, but he is progressing favorably. Had tho marble taken a direction of three inches nearer tho body, it must havo entered the heart.' Tho casos disposed of at the City Police Court on Saturday wore devoid of interest. From inquiries en Saturday, it appears that thn lnii .Tames Brown, ono of tho fonr injured by tho explosion on tho Galatea model ship ttt Sandhurst, is suffering less pain, although still remaining in a very perilous condition. In fact, it is not by any ineau3 certain that tho dis aster will not have a fatal termination in his case also. In another column wo publish a report of tho inquest upon tho three children who perished, and an account of their funeral. We deeply regret to learn, by telegram from our Sale correspondent, thnt both scab and lung disease havo broken ont amongst tho sheep in portions of Gipps Land, and that several ilock3 have _beon already decimated by tho pestilence. A man named William Mountain, in tho employ of Mr Frederick Armytage, You Yangs, was admitted to the Geelong . Hospital on the 20th inst., suffering from severe injuries in the head, cased by a fall frem his horse. Ho lin gered until tho afternoon of Saturday, when he died. An inquest on the body will be held to-day. At tho Geelong Polico Court on Saturday, two young women named Julia Murphy and Ellen Doyle, aged respectively 17 and 21 years, Government immigrants, recently brought out by tho White Star, were charged with stealing a quantity of jewellery, the pro perty of Mr Fink, of Sobastopol-terrace, and romanded till this morning. It appeal's that the girl Murphy entered tho service of Mr Fink on Friday, and before the expiration of two hours decamped with the jewellery ia company with tho other prisoner. They were both arrested at midnight on the eastern beach by detective Hartney, and a number of other charges of a similar character havo been en tered against them, showing that they have for some liino carried on their plundering very systematically. Dr. Mackay applied to bis Honor Judge Barry, in chambers, on Saturday, that an order made by Judge Skinner in the County Court at Sandhurst for tho committal of ono Densely for two months, on a charge of alleged prevarication, might be set aside. Tho matter, it appears, had arisen dnring chamber I ractice, and his Honor first stated, in the ab sence of Densely, tbat he would commit him for a month. Dr. Macktiy submitted that the judge could not commit tho defendant in his absence ; that he had not been guilty of pre varication ; and that hi3 Honor had only power to commit a person for prevarication in open court. The order of the judge was quashed. The discovery of some clothes, a markod handkerchief and memoranda, has given rise to a supposition that Mr Rolston, of Castlemaine, has met with some mishap. Inquiries havo been instituted, the result of which ore that a person answering the description of Mr Rolston has been seen in the neighborhood of Sutton Grange, near to Mount Alexander. He is missing. It may bo added that his habits wero peculiar, and perhaps that which is supposed to bo significant of a fatal result may be only another instance of eccentricity. We under stand that Mr Rolston hac been absent from home since Monday. The Borough Council of Iuglewood has com menced a vigorous agitation against the 10th clause of the Lunacy Statute, which came into force only in October. The clause is said te operate unjustly upon local bodies, inasmuch as it charges them with the ospense of lunatics arrested within their boundaries, although they may have only wandered thither accidentally, or have been placed there de signedly, while actually belonging to a different district altogether. This is a sample of the i I argument used by tho Inglewood Council in I favor of repealing the clause : — ' This council havo already had thrco cases, entailing an expense of £i8 8s, in two of which— amount- ing to £10 Cs— tho parties did net belong to tho borough, nor had they ever beenresident in tha district.' This council has addressed circulars to nil tho local bodies throughout the country, soliciting their co-operation ; and thcro seems to bo a general disposi tion to make a common canso of it. This seems very selfish, however. It is not very crcditaulo to tho Inglewood councilors, that they insist upon regarding tlio matter merely from tho pecuniary peint of view, over looking the element of Immunity altogether. They ara scavcely in a position to have their request complied with, and tho present system abrogated, until they submit a plan by which unfortunate lunatics will bo in somo measure provided for. Happily, there aro some local badies not so totally devoid of generosity. Wo find the following statement iu the Courier : — ' On Thursday a letter was read at the meeting of tho Bmsinyoejjsliire Council wliijh had been received from the town clerk of tho Borough of Ingl&wood;, calling attention to the fees charged under the 10th section «f the new Lmiacy Statute as pressing heavily on local public borlies. Tho shiro council, however, c-umo to tho conclusion that (ho present was tho most equitable, mode of dealing with the question of the costs incurred by the removal of lunatics, as. under tho now act, each local body pays f sr tho cost of the removal, ito., of the lunatics within its district. Hitherto tho charges were paid from the consolidated revenue, and tho dis tricts which were freo from lunatics had to pay indirectly for those of large towns, whilst under tho new act each district pays directly for its own, which seems tho more equitable.' From a report showing the results of meteorological observations made at the Mel bourne Observatory, for tho weekending 21st December,wo eomlenso tho following : — Weather dull and showery on tho lClh, boisterous on the lGth and 20th, hot wind anil very oppressive on the 19th, fine and pleasant on tlia 17th, ISth and 21st. Total rainfall since 1st January :— 25.50 inch during 117 days, against 22.23 during 103 duys for tho same period in 18GG ; 15.73 during 121 days for tho' saina period in 1865 ; 27.17 during 139 days for the saino period in 1864; 35.44 during 156 days for the same period in 1833 ; 21.83 dnring 118 days for the same period in 1S62 ; 28.21 during 134 days for tho samo period in 1331 ; 25.37 during 115 days for the same period iu 1860 ; 21.55 during 117 days for tho same period in 1859; 21.67 daring 131 days for the samo period in 18531 New Year's Day Meeting of tub V.R.C., 1S68. — Tho booths, gates, &a.;, will bo sold by auction at Kirk's Bazaar, tit noon to-day. The Colmxowood Et.kctiox Committee, for securing tho return of three Ministerial re presentatives, will meet this evening at tho Bnek's Head Hotel, Napier-street, Fitzroy. The Varieties was again crowded on Satur day night. The instrumentalists and vocalists seem to give universal satisfaction. There has boon no change in tho programme dnring the week. MB Waweh Montgomery had a Inrga nu dience at St. George's Hall on Saturday even ing, on tho occasion of his second readings at popular prices. The variens items in the pro gramme were well received. The MELnoi'RNT.Piiii/iiAiniONic Society will give thoii:' usual performance of Handel's sacred oratorio of tho Messiah, in tho Theatre Royal, on Christmas ove. Tho choir will number upwards of 500 performers, and will bo the largost that has over assisted in any oratorio in the colony. The Polytechnic Halt, was numerously attended on Saturday ovoning, when Mr and Mrs Caso repeated their now entertainment, 'Tho Lost Party.' Mrs CaGo's impersonations of the various odd characters introduced into the pieco wero received with considerable ap plnuse and mirth, ft faiv proof of tho satisfac tion of the audience. - : Melbourne Gaol Retvuss. — Tho following aro the returns of the prisoners confined in the Melbourne Gaol last week : — For trial, 11 11 males, 6 females ; road gnug, 5 males ; hard labor, 183 males, 23 females ; imprison ment, 73 males, 52 females ; lnnatics, 9 malos, 1 female; want of bail, JO males, 4 females; dobtors, 2 males. Total, 246 males, 87 fe males. Madame Celestk makes positively her last appearance in Victoria, at tho Hayniarket Theatre, on Tuesday evening. Tlio perfor mance is uuder tho special patronage of H.R.H. the'Dnko of Edinburgh, at whoso so licitation it was that Madame Celeste remained in tho colony another month. The pieces to bo played aro ' Lika and Unlike,' and ' Tho Abbo Vaudrcuil,' two of her best. A Concert will tako placo in the Orderly room, Sandridge, to-night, for behoof of tho St. Joseph R.C. schools. The programme is an excellent one, and includes names of several well-known professional singers and amateurs. It is proposed that a danco shall take place after the concert programme has been finished, ana that in all respects the meeting shall bo similar to tho last very successful one fat the same object. The Opeha Season at tho Theatre Royal closed on Saturday ? night, whon ' Lucrezia ?Borgia' was brought out with its old cast. Tho opera was well rendered, and the houso was very well attended. Two performances of 'The Messiah' will bo given on Christmas Evo aud Christmas Night by the members of the Philharmonic Socioty ; and on Thursday Mr Akhurst's now burlesquo and pantomime will be brought out. The Haym.uikf.t Theatre. — Mr John Col lins appeared in two of his favorite characters at this theatro on Saturday evening. To night ho makes his last appearance, when tho Galatea boys will attend the theatre. The attraction for Boxing Night here consists of an amateur performance by Lord Newry, tho hon. Eliot Yorke, and other gentlemen. The pieces to bo played are ' The Islo of St. Tropez ;' and ' Box and Cox.' Mr George Coppin is to act as manager, and the proceeds will be devoted to the creation of an asylum for decayed actors. The High School or Biughtox, conducted by Mr Fisher, was on Thursday visited by the Mayor of tho borough, Mr Webb, for tho pur pose of presiding at tho annual distribution of prizes. After a suitable address in which the benefits of education were forcibly shown, and the peculiar advantages possessed by the pupils of the High School wero judiciously enlarged upon, the young gentlemen received thoir various rewards, accompanied in each case by an appropriate observation from the chairman. A vote of thanks to the Mayor was proposed and seconded by two of the boys, eliciting from tho former gentleman some re mark on the graceful way in which it wa3 done. Three hearty cheers were given for the head master, and the proceedings ended by a distribution of next year's prospectus. Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society. — From a report furnished by the hou. secretary we condense tho following particulars :— Number of cases relieved weekly by the com mittee of tho Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society, for tho fortnight ending 17th Decem ber : — Individuals, 082 ; families, 212 ; com prising sick and infirm, 99 ; widowB, 84 ; de serted wives, 13 ; wives whose husbands are absent, 14 ; wives whose husbands aro in prison, 2 ; outlay during tho fortnight, £61 10s Cd. Subscriptions not previously acknow ledged : — David Ogilvy, supplementary sub scription, £5; W. Peterson, do, £10 103; Robert Simson, Leura, do, £5 5s ; Mrs Hill, per Miss Fraser, £2 ; Jane Maghee, per Mrs Hetherington, £2 ; Mr Robert Hamilton, Morilla, £10 ; Captain Walker, £1 ; Mrs C. H., per Mrs Handfield, £1 ; Philip Russell, Chi verton, £5 ; Hon. A. Frasor, £1 ; John Page, per Mr Dunn, £3 ; Mrs Fronie, £1 ; Daniel Mooney, 12s 3d ;Dr. Crooke, £1 jMrsKinin mont, £1; Borough of Hotitam, £15. Contribu tions ef blankets, clothing, or money will be thankfully received by Mrs Cairns, Chalnu-rs Manse, Eastern-hill; Mrs Cassell.Hawksburn, South Yarra ; Mrs R'.iind, Victoria-street, Hotham, or any member of committee. The ScnooL Children's Fete at Hotham. — The gathering at Hotham on Saturday was, ' although lato in comiag, not one whit behind aay of tho other, eo far as . regarded tho guc cess attending it. About 5000 children assem bled nt tho Town-hall at ten o'clock, and marshalled by Mr Carrol, tho ex-mayor, went in procession* to the Royal Park. Each school carried its distinguishmgjflng, and the little ones marched well to tho strains of a leading baud. Mr Barwise, tho tunyor, who had recently tho misfortune to get his foot severely scalded, also managed to get himself conveyed to tho ground. Cr. Lancashire nud Mr Gillam at tended as caterers, aud performed the onerous duties attached to that office with credit to themselves and satisfaction to thoso who ro quired thoir sen-ices. Crs. Marks and Flanagan took charge of the sports, and tho other members of committee wore busy every where in attending to things necessary. By permission of the Chief Secretary, the buildings erected for a powder magazine were occupied us a storeroom and centre depot for tho com mittoe, aud tho Water Commissioners havo to bo thanked for having laid on the water throughout tho ground. Tho band of tho train ing ship Deborah was in attendance, aud thero wero also a string baud aud a company of Ethiopian minstrels. A bo.i of tsys, tho gift of Mr Atkins, was reserved ns prizes far thoso taking part in tho races, &c.; ; and toys wero also distributed to tho younger of tho children, who could not participate in those diversions. Tents, kindly lent by Captain Irving, wero erected in various parts of the ground for the children's use. There was a superabundance of everything necessary. Ale from Cariton .Brewery, ana tue ouccucrs ami uiiu-uia -ji Hotham to a man supplied largely tho various comestibles in their lino. The ladies ou tho ground were invited to Innch with the com mittee, nnd over 200 of tUom accepted the invitation. The borough council had voted a sum of money, nnd Messrs Reddish, Fry, Gillam, Sullivan nud others supplemented tlie fund to furnish forth tho feast. Swings, sec saws, merry-go-rounds, &c;, wero scattered over tho ground, and a day of uninterrupted happiness seemed to be fully enjoyed by old and youug. What was originally intended for a picnic swelled during tho day into tho pro portions of a largo banquet, nud at tho end of the proceedings a distribution of pro visions, &c; took place amongst those who applied for them, aud yet it seemed as if that which was being scattered increased. Tlio chil dren in tho evoningroformed in procession, and wended thoir respective* ways home tired aud happy. The cab propriotor3 of the district had all volunteered to bring home tha weary ouob, but their services wore not called into requisi tion. ? 