AUCTION SALES FRIDAY, 15th MARCH. At Elfcvea o'Clock, Extourive Clearing Sale of 135 PACKAGES PAPER AND STATIONERY. To the Trade of Melbourne, Geelong. B&U;&arat;, Castlemulne. Sandhurst Eto. aEMMEl.h, TUCIvliTTand CO. have received inHtructionfl from the amenta of Meesr#. Wrlg- ley. Son, and Bouir, to ell by auction, at their rooms, 49 Colllus street west, on Friday, 15th March, at Eleven o'clock, 135 packages paper and stationery, comprising— Blue wove una laid post Cream do do Cream laid foolscap Ruled post and foolscap Hand-made medium Do royal White printing demy, double crown, 'and double foolscap Coloured printing demy, double demy Grey double crowo Brotvu imperial and double imperial Blotting paper Cards and cardboards Copying presets Envelopes etc. to clo>c accounts for the mail. Catalogues to be hud at the auctioneers' room. No reserve. Terms each, FRIDAY, 15th MARCH. At Two o'Clock, VALUABLE FREEHOLD PROPERTIES In RICHMOND And EAST COLLTNGWOOD. To Parties Looking Out for Building Sites, and Others. /J.EMMELL, TUCKKTP «nd CO. have received vA instructions to sell by auction, at their riMims, 49 Collins street west, on Friday, 16th March, at Two o'clock. That valuable block of laud in Richmond, next Wt sleynn Methodist Chupel, having n froDtage of 81ft. to Church street oy a depth of 271ft. This allotment is admirably situate for any one in search oi a commanding, dry, and healthy site for d< eliinghouee, lying as it dots in the reiy best part of Richmond, Terms at sale. Also. That largo block of land in Eat Colllngwood, having a frontage of 324ft. to Cromwell street by a depth of 250ft. to Rupert street, and most suitable for cutting up iuto snug building allot ments for the working classes of . that neigh bourhood. Terms at sole. FRIDAY, 15th MARCH. At Two o'Clook. VALUABLE COUNTRY FREEHOLD, At Riddell's Creek. Lot 37, Allotment 43, Parish Monegietta. To Capitalists, Agriculturists, Manufacturers, Millers, Speculator9, nnd Others. GJ.EMMELL, TUCKETT and CO. have received i instructions to sell by uuctlan, at their roomB, 49 Collins street west, on Friday, 16th March, at Two o'clock. That beautifully-situated freehold property, being Lot 37, Allot uent 42, parish of Mone gietta, containing 332a. 3r. 24p„ aud specially applicable to millers or manufacturers, having command of great water power, being bounded on one side by Bolindu Creek, whence a never- failing supply of water can be procured. TerinB at sale. ECHUCA. FRIDAY, 15th MARCH, At Two o'Clock. Immediately After the Crown Lands Sale. Very Valuable Central Property in Eohuca, Known as ST. GEOUGE'g-IIALL, For Positive Sale, by Order of the Mortgagee. To Carriers, Forwarding Agents, Speculators, and Others. /2J.EMMELL, TUCICETT and CO. have received vA instrueiiouB from the Hon. Win. Dcgravea, M.L.C., to sell by auotion, at their room.". 49 Collins street west, on Friday, 15th March, at Two o'clock, That well-known and centrally- situated pro perty, known as ST. GKORGB'S-HALL, ECHUCA, standing on a piece of land buying 33ft. frontage to High street by a depth to the Government wharf of 11 lft. To be positively sold without reserve. Terms most liberal. Conditions of sale and all particulars can be had on application to the auctioneers. These Bplendld premises are Mtualed In the very finest part of Echuca, havinga frontage to thewhnrf, and also to High street. They are well adapted for either bonded warehouses, stores for forwarding agents or curriers, or as a hall for publlo meetings. 1 rom the central position which the property oe- oupies, tho rapidly increasing traffic on the River Murray, as also the general and increasing prosperity of the dwtriot, the auctioneers have every confidence in reoommending it to the attention of speculators, oaniers, forwarding npentp, and others. The sale will take place lu Melbourne, at Two o clock on Friday, 16thMaroh, immediately after the Crown lauds sale. FR1 DAY, 22ud MARCH, Preliminary Notice, At Eleven o'Clook. LANSDQVVNE FLACK, DALGETY STREET ST. KILDA. SUPERB AND RECENTLY-IMPORTED LON DON FURNiTURE, BY FIRST- CLASS MAKERS. To Parlies Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, Etc., Etc. /TJ.EMMELL, TUCKETT nnd CO. have received VA instructions from J. Spiro, Esq., previous to his departure for Europe, to sell oy auction, on tbeTpremlses, Lansdowne plaje, Dalprety street, St. Hilda, on Friday, 22nd March, at Eleven o'clock. All his elegant London made-to-ordur household furniture, Consisting of— Elegant drnwlngroom suite, in wahmt Very superior piano, by Erard, In do Brassel- carpets, o! finest description Ha sive dlnlngroom suite, in eak Library suite, In do Plated and glass ware, oil paintings and en gravings Bedroom furniture, in Quon pine, etc, Wlnfield's brass tubular bedsteads, of beat Qua lity Kitchen utensils, eto,, etc. Also, 2 cows lu full milk. Full particulars in future Issue. Catalogues in course of preparation. THURSDAY. 14th MARCH. K Prime Fat Cattle. AYE. BUTCHART and CO. are instructed by Messrs. D. and S. O'SuIUvau to ey that they will have for positive sals, at the Market Yards, on Thursday, 14th M 200 prime fut bullocks and cows, direct from their Cudjellfgo Station. The trade may rely upon their being forward and being good. yiCTOKIA HORSE BAZAAR. The undersigned HOLDS SALES DAILY, Commencing at Eleven e'Ciock, of HORSES, DRAYS, Eta, Eta Parties having horses to dispose of may rely upon obtaining the highest market price, our whole atteo- Ucn being devoted to the above business. DANIEL LOVELOCK, AUCTIONEERS NOTICE. To Householders and Others. J AS. WADE aud CO., auctioneers, Collins street west, sell HOUSES and LAND $ Also CATALOGUE and SELL HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE And Personal Effects, At private dwellings, Aooonnts prempUy rendered. mwf AttCtiOBfr THIS DAY. The Entire Cargo of the Danish Beauty, From Mauritius. Consisting of 4312 BAGS and POCKBI'M MAURITIUS SUGAR, Comprising Fine to Finest White Crystals. Bright Grainy Brewing Sorts, Good to Finest Counters, Bright Browns, Rattans. To the Merchant and Traders Generally of Mel bourne, Geelong, Bnllaarat, Sandhurst, Castle- malnc, Recchwarth, Etc. F BASER and CO. have received instructions from the importer, Alox. Matheson, Esq , to well by auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins street, this day, 13th March, atHalfpnst Eleven o'clock precisely, The entire cargo of the Danish Beuuty, from Mauritius, consisting of 4812 bus and pockets Mauritius sugar. The qualities Include— < Fine to finest white crystals Brightgralny brewing sorts Good to fine-it oouuters Bright brownB ltaiions. , , „ Arrangements have been mnco forthe prompt dls-. charge oF this cargo, and buyers can havo delivery immediately after the sale, iu bond or duty paid, at option. Samples ou view nt our rooms. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. " Damaged Portion of the Cargo of tbeJaa Peter From F«o Chow. 47 Chests and 19 Half-chests Congou. 6 Boxes S.O. Pekoe, 7 Boxes Congou. To the Merchant and Traders Generally. "IpRASEK aud 00. have received Instructions from JP the importers, Messrs. Fanning, Nanlcivell and Co., to sell by nuction, ftt their rooms, 33 Collins street, this day, 13th March, at Halt-past Elovtn o'clock precisely, The damaged portion of the cargo of tho Jon Peter, from Foo Chow, Consisting of 47 chests congou 19 half- chests do 6 boxes S.O. pekoe 7 do congou. Ail faults, account concerned. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. Toorak. VALUABLE BUILDING ALLOTMENTS, Fronting the Grange road and Washington and George f-trecta, off the Gardiner's Creek road. FRASER aud CO. have received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, this day, 13th March, at Twelve o'elock precisely, Lots l, 2, 9, and 10 have ench a frontage to the Grange road of 66ft. by a depth of I66f\ Lots 3, 4. and 5 have a frontage to Washington street of GGft. by a depth o> )32ft. Lots c. 7, and 8 have a frontage to Gcorgo street of «6ft. by n depth of I321t. Plan at the rooms. Terms at sale, SUBURBAN PROPERTIES. MR. ROBERT BYRNE has for privute sale the nndermcniioocd properties :— 80UTII YAKKA — Corner of Domain rond and Avoca street, superior two-storeyed eleven- roomed brick home, with out offices, EAST MELBOURNE.— Corner of Victoria pa rade and Poxlett street, building allotment, 60ft, by 100/ 1., adjoining Mrs. Bowman's cottage. WEST MELBOURNE.— Ireland street, near the corner of Hawke street, allotment, 27ft. by 100ft. alon? a 12ft. right-of-way. FITZROY. -Brunswick street, near Victoria pa rade, targe building, allotment ; alse, Jour brick cot tages. orner «( George and Condell streets. BRIGHTON.— Three acres of land opposite rail way station. GARDINER and MALVERN HILL.— Two su perior gentlemen's properties, large block of land. FITZROY. — Napier street, two-storeyed brick house, No. 66, containing five rooms, kitchen, etc. SOUTH BRIGHTON.— Brick bouse, five large rooms, kitchen, servants' rooms, etc., etc., 7f acres of land under orchard, eto. Also, Propori les at Mornington, Dromana, East Elstcrn- wick, Fiizroy, Saodrldge, Emerald Hill, St. Hilda, Frahran, Richmond, etc., etc, THURSDAY, 14th MAKOII. To Brewers, Mining Companies, Ironfounders. En gineers, Gts Fitters, Speculators, und Others, Clearing Sate of the Whole of the Machinery and Plant Of Murphy's Brewery, Queen's Wharf, Flinders street, and Flinders lano. For Unreserved Sale, ATR. ROBERT BYRNE is favoured with in- 1Y1. structions to sell by auction, on the pre mises, on Thursday, 14 th March, ut Twelve o'clock noon precisely. ' The whole of the firet-oloss machinery and plant of the above brewery, Comprising— Six-horse power steam-engine Large steam boilers Force and lift pumps HoBting and elevating machines Steam, water, and gas piping Coolirgfans, putentscrews, etc. Copper refrigerators aud copper boilers Mult crusher nnd mill crusher Iron tinkK, oak vats English nnd colonial bricks Dosing and belting Brats und iron fittings Office fittings, etc. Catalogues now rcidy. No reserve. Terms cosh. TUESDAY, 19th MARCH. Two Stone-built Cottages. Puut road, Richmond, On the Hill, Facing the Government Paddook, Nearly opposite the Polios Depot; BY ORDER OF THE TRUSTEES.- MR. ROBERT BYRNE is favoured with In structions to sell by auction, ut the rooms, 2 Collins street east, on Tuesday, 19th inst., at Twelve o'clock noon precisely. Two superior stone-built cottages of three rooms each, witli slate roofs, verandahs, etc.. on land 60ft. by lOOtt., now let ns one cottage to Mr. Lang, at the moderate rental of LC2 per annum. Note.— Gentlemen requiring a salubrious pub- urban rehldence within ten minutes' walk of the oity, can now secure to themselves tho above desi rable property. Fronting the large, shady, and health- inspiring Richmond Paddock, in the vicinity of the crioket grounds, the Kitzroy and Botanical Gardens, should be inducements to nurchase this house, which ran be converted at pleasure into two sepa rate cottage3 that will always produce good rentals. Title guaranteed. Further particulars at the auctioneer's office. Terms, liberal, declared at sale. MONDAY, 25th MARCH. Superior Stone and Brick Cottage, Leicester and Weetgarth streets, Fiizroy. To Government nnd Meroantilo Clerks, Speculators, and Others. \FR, ROBERT BYRNE is favoured with fn- yyx structions to Bell by auction, at the rooms, 28 Collins street east, ou Monday, 25th March, at Twelve o'clock noon precisely, That very superior stone and briok built osttage residence, No. 114 Leicester street, Fitzroy, containing five rooms, hall right through the house, storeroom, bathroom, verandahs front and hack, slate roof, Yon Yean, etc. \ standing on land having a frontage of 331 1. to Leicester street by a depth of 183ft, through to Wost- garth street, to whichitha a similar frontage. Note.— This pretty and desirable property will bo submitted either in ono or two lots,- to suit the con venience of jintending purchasers, who ore respect- fnlly requested to exumine aud inspect it previous to sale. The house has been erected lu the most substantial manner, the outer walls of which are 16in. solid blucstone masonry ; some of the parti tions are also of the same dimensions aid material, the remainder being of brick. The plastering, cor- nloes, and papering are of the best description, and Hiehouie Lin thorough order. A neat flower-garden is in front, and a most prolific fruit garden is ut the rear; magnificent vines bearing down with splendid grapes, etc. The threepenny cars from Nicholson street, close to the property, ply to and from the c ty every few minutes, or if the pedestrian prefers a short: walk through Carlton Gardens, he will be re warded with pleasant scenery and healthful re creation. Cards to view, and further particulars can be hod ou application to tbeauotioneer, . .. Title guaranteed. Flan nt the office for Inspection. Terms, liberal, declared at sale. WEDNESDAY, 20th MARCH. Maribyrnong, near Melbourne, G Entire Racing Stud. EORGE WATSON has received Instructions from G. B. Fisher, £eq. (who intends retiring from the turt ), to sell by auction, at Maribyrnong, on Wednesday, 20!h March, at Twelvo o'oloc, . The following horses and maro3 in tratniug, with their engagements, and yearlings . Four- yeir-oldii. Angler, Smuggler, and The Dane. . Three-year-olds. Fishhook, Seagull, Budelight Syren and Mari byrnong, _ . — Two-year-elds. Swell, Little Fish. Sylvia, Sour GrapeB, and The Fly. Yearlings. 5 fillies, by Fisherman out of Omen, Rose de Florence, Jnlfct, Gaslight, and Nightllght. .Drv? nrefui" positive sale; as for the future, Mr Fisher intends to devote his attention to breed ing only, and holding an annual side of bis young stock. w AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE, To Gentlemen and Others Disposing of their Furniture. THE Undersigned Is prepared to CATALOGUE _ and SELL , U R N 1 r U R E At private residences at moderate charges. Out-door sale of all kinds conduoted. th m w WM. II. SMIfH, Jun., 29 Market street Government Advertisements. Offices of tlie Board of Agriculture, Queen street, Melbourne, lRt March, 1867. T? B »F,IJl?rTrand . BINDING MACHINE.— A Ab PREMIUM of L100 is hereby offered by the Board of Agriculture for the best REAPING and BINDING MACHINE oombined. Full particulars on application to tho undersigned. w B J, M, MAISON, Secretary. Government Advertisement. Office of Lands and Survey, Melbourne, 12th March, 1867. Amending land act, ibcs. SECTION 4J. The undermentioned SURVEYORS, to whom dis tricts have been assigned under the 42nd Section of the Amending Land Act, 1865, having oompieted their surveys in respect to all applications received by them prior to the 3Ut Deccmbtr last, are now Authorised to RECEIVE further APPLICA TIONS;— : Mr. A. Delfsscr, Kilmore. Mr, Thos.15, Kuwlin«on, Melbourne J, M. GRANT, President of the Board of Laud and Works. Immigration Office, Melbourne, 9tb March, 1867. NOTICE.— IMMIGRANT SHIP UNDERLEY. THE HIRING of the IMMIGRANTS by the abovenamed vessel will take place at the Im migration Depot on THURSDAY, the 14th MARCH, at the undermentioned hour :— single women, Eleven a.m. Tickets for admission to the depot can be obtained at this office, from Ten o'clock a.m. until Two o'clock p.m. but no employer will be admitted until Eleven o'clock. Any employer who has not pre viously engaged female servants at the depot will be required to bring an introduction from a respec table householder in Melbourne. LESLEY A. MOODY, Immigration Agent. Bank Notices. rGUHEltClAL BANK ol AUSt'UALlA \J (Limited), INTEREST ALLOWED at the rate of 3 per cent, per annum, on the average monthly balance of CURRENT ACCOUNTS, if not at any time during the month under Lioo. Interest on deposit receipts at call, 3 per oent ,, „ ,, ,, 3 mouths, 5 per cent „ ,t , ii Smooths, 7 per cent, Cosh credit acoounts opened with Approved sureties. Head office—Melbourne. Branches— Gceloog and Luncefield. Agencies : Hobort Town— Commeroial Bank of Van Dleman'i Lond. Launceston— Commercial Bank of Van Dicm&s;'s Land. Sydney— Commercial Banking Company. Adelaide— South Australian Banking Company. New Zealand— Die Bank of New Zealand. London — Tho Colonial Rank of Auatralafla. GEORGE VALLENTINE, General Manager. Melbourne, January, 1867. ' Melbourne savings bank, Established ml. Corner of Market street and Flinders line west, Open for Deposits and Payments DAILY, From Ten till Three o'clock, Except on Saturdays, When the Bank is open from Six till Eight o'cloe In the evening for receipt of deposits only. By order oi the Trustee?, JAMES BROCK, Actuary. rpHE COLONIAL BANKof AUSTRALASIA.— X This Bunk allows Interest at the rnto of three per cent, per annum on, the DAILY BALANCE of CURRENT ACCOUNT3 which have not been under Lioo during the month, ADAM BURN'KS, General Manager, Melbourne, 3ist December. 1866. Medical. INSTANT CURE for TOOTHACHE. BUNTBI' S N E R V I N E, The Great English Remedy, Used and recommended by the faculty. Sold by all Chemists and Druggist. ait E. SMY'I'HERS. Wholesale Airent. AS A DRESSING FOR THE BAfR, JAYNE'S HAIR TONIC Ib not only one of the moat elegant, but the very best preparation ever offered to the public, for while impartiog to the hair a lively, glossy appearacoe aud promoting its growth, the tsnio Is devoid of the slicky Glutinous properties which characterise Ihe oHb and pomades iu general use; and if used in strict accerdauca with the directions acoompanylug it, no pcriou can fail to have their hair at all times in fine condition. It is put up in white flint glaea Bottles with glaes stoppers, is finely perfumed, and udapted to the toilet of even the most fastidious. Sold by all druggists, A WARNING.— Do yeu suffer from pUy»;uu Incapacity ? Are you suffering from nervoui debility? Have you been the guilty victim of any secret vice ? Do you suffer from a set of symptoms nearly akin more or less to the following :— A pretty fair condition of health, not positively Ui, but a feel ing upon yeu that you aro not quite right, a malaise; & tendency to despondency ; a slight occasional los » of memory; sometimes & weakness aoroaa the 6mail of the back and loins ; on waking & feeling as if un- refreshed ; a general depression— a want of pluck as it were : less desire for business than formerly ; and you are troubled with a oert&ln; feeling of nervous- nees— a loss of power? If you Buffer from any or from all of the above symptom, consult Dr. L, L. SMI TH 192 Bourko street east, Melbourne, A SOLEMN ADMONITION DOCTOR THOMAS, Licentiate of the Royal College of FbyBioians of England. The only legally qnaUHed Physfoian and Surgeon advertising in Australia, irerano: of tlie Royal College of Surgeons, Licentiate in- Midwifery, Member of the Counoil of Mcdioal Education, London, end Member of the Medina) Board of Viotorla, Those diplomas are to be sees in the waiting room, May be privately and Confidentially oonsulteo, either personally or by letter, at uia surgery, 9) Great Lonsdale street cost, Melboaruu. In those distressing diseases arising from early abure, namely, nervous audphyuioai debility, languor, (lushing, palpitation of the heart, giddiness, avoid ance of suoiety, skin eruptions, and oontagioni maladies, Ou the 8th June, 1868, Dr. Thomas was eleoted resident surgeon, by examination, to the Soatb Western Loudon Hospital, over thirty- six com petitors. On the lith of February 1859, Dr. Thomas passed his double examination at the Royal College of Surgeons, Enskud, asd received his diploma nnd a first-tilass owuflcate in surgery from the President, Mr. Green; also a first-doss certificate in pathology and physiology from Mr. Stanley, senior surgeon to St. Bartholomew's Hospital. On lstti November, 1863, Dr. Thomas obtained firet prize and first ohair at the Senior Medical Col- loge, Hyde Park, London, for his treatise on the diseases of the blood, ovor ninety competitors, all of whom were legally qualified surgeons. On the lith day of February, 1864, Dr. Thomas took flrbt-claaa honours at the Royal College of Phy sicians of England, and reeeived his physiolon's de gree und a first-class certificate In the principles and Bractiee of medicine from Dr. Watson, president ol int celiege: also a fint-cluss certificate in midwifery and eulogy, from Dr. Arthur Falre, physician extra ordinary and accouoheur te Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales; another ilrst-olass certificate in surgery from Mr. 31'Erichson, senior surgeon of the University College, London. Four first-olass certi ficates from Doctors Lawrence, Riaden, Bennett. Page and Le Gros Clarke, in the oure of nervous diseases, the uses of the microscope, ohemlatry botany, and materia medico, Ou the 16th ef March Dr. Thomas reoelved a lengthened professional examination, by Dr. Old ham and the celebrated and world-renowned Dr Robert Lee, and was presented by them with a first-class prizo on the diseases of women and chil dren: nlsd" a valuable work in appreciation of attainments. \-- Jn Maroh, 1864, Dr. Thomas met the examiners, in midwifery, of tko Royal College of Surgeons of England, and received a special diploma in practical midwifery from that colle?«\ These degrees are published solely with the objeoj of letting the public see that Dr. Thomas has fairly and honourably worked In the atudy of his profes sion, and is in every way worthy of their confidence; and it is for this reason that tne envious quack en deavours to cast odium upon those degrees whloh hi# own barren brains have precluded him from ob taining. Let time to whom thlo KdTortle emont nsty leely and reflect tetore placing their lives lif&e; haniin el ohnrlatann and empirloi. Of these there ere many grades— some speak against tho true phy sician because they feel that their ohaace of sncoci is gone when each an eminent opponent appears, others endeavour to entrap the patient by tho publi cation ol oertaln symptoms whloli apply to nervous dlecasee generally. Be named by Dr. Thomas to #.nd Bn,h «? U>ese, for they speak with the smooth tongues of serpents, and naught hot misery and despair will be the result, t'homas may be oonsulted by letter on the en- oloBure of a banknote for LI, and patient, may rely ?vpo"ileo,e ng attention and ooDlldenoe that 0B t!if ??rt ' medioal advisor. Private personal consultation at the Dootor's Con. "Jtluir Booms, «, Great Lonsdale street east, ' Fee, Freparatlona and medicines forwarded, under ooionies1 m7 of 016 aP-aatttI7 districts, or adjaoeut aAd5S?'J?r,TH0MAS, 97 GBEAT L0NSDALE 8TBEEI EAST. MELBOUBNK. A PFAEATU8 and CHEMICALS tor AA- LABOKATOBIK8. And the use of STUDENTS. W. JOHNSON, Operative Chemist, Junotlon, St Kflda. A N A £ ' ® . « CHEMICAL CONSULTATION As usual. W. JOHN8QN. St. Hilda. C n E "An4 O ,A L B phakmaceuttcal pbepabations. Manufactured and miglled reasonably. Mannfaotory, Junotlon, 8t Klldu. CIOOD and CO.'B COKN BOLVENT Is a ii thorough Cure tor Coma und Warts, In bottles h J 9?1 by 1111 foepeotable ehemlsts, and HOOD and CO.. wo Eltaabeth etreet H0%PTA1k'B FILLS. — ;The Eight Eoad to wieSapp)ne"-—In ."'fttne the most appropriate medicines lor a particular aliment, there may ho some difficulty, unless one can be found to purify regulate, and strengthen. Holloway's Pills noseeu the6 Frame! and" Plying it from nnnecessary ' wear and tear " These IneeUmable pills aro eapeolally useful lh bt?Je"_Sodlly health, when the system is. out ol SLd"u7i,hout "8'??able cause. With this knowledge, none snoold trifle with life or health, alt Hedical. AETIFICIAL TEETH for tho MILLION— Cheapest In the colony. BInglo tooth, 7a 0d.; set. LI. Note.— Teeth extracted Sunday mornings, from Nine till Twelve. Mr. EMANUEL (late Spain), People's Dentist, 11 Smith street, Colllng wood, Bilious affection, liver com plaints, sick headache, dyspepsia, etc. J a y n b's sanative pills. a mild, prompt, and efleotive remedy. There Is soircely any disease In whloh purgative medicines are not required ; aad much sickness and suffering might be prevented were they more generally nsed. No person con feel well while a costive habit of body prevails; besides, it soon generates serious and often fatal diseases, whloh might be avoided by timely and judicious use of proper calbartio medicine. Convinced of the correctness of these views, JAYNR'd SANATIVE FILLS Arc reoommended with tho greatest confidence, ex- perienoe having demonstrated them to be far superior to any other in use, being more milu, prompt, safe, and uniform in their operation, While using them, no particular care is required, and patients may eat and drink as usual. Age will not impair them, as they are so combined as to always re&diiy; dissolve in the stomach In small doses ttaoy are alterative and gently laxative, but in large doses are natively cathartic, cleansing the whule alimentary canal from all putrid, irritating, and fecal matters. , For Dyspepsia, these pills are really an invalnaolo article, gradually changing the irritated secretions of the stomach and liver, and producing healthy action in these important organs. In cases of long stand ing a core wiH be more speedily effected by using. In conjunction with the pilis, either Jathbs Alterativb or Tomxo Yxrmifugk, according to directions. For Liver Complaints, Gout, Jaundloo, Affections of the Bladder and Kidneys, Fevers, Nervousness, Diseases of the Skin, Impurity of the Blood, Sick Headache, Goetivenee;, Files, Female Dircasefl, and Bilious AffeoiionB, these pills have proved them selves eminently euecesfifal. All that is asked for tbera is & fair trial. Sold by most Chemists. Wholesale Agents for Viotorla, WILLIAM FORD and CO., 67 Sw&nston; street C'OD LIVER OIL SUPERSEDED By Dr. LK IHIBRE'S SACCHARATED COD LIVFR OIL POWDER (Free from disagreeable taste or smell). This raccbarine powder, owing to the minute divi sion of the constituent parts f the oil in its prepara tion, is taken without repugnance, und very easily assimilated, and Jb, consequently, In a very email volume, more powerful in its effect? than cod liver oil In its natural state. It is, therefore, recognised by medical men a a valuable curative agent, and is recommended in all cases where ood Uyct oil 1# re quired. FORD'S QUININE WIN E.— Heurs. W. FORD and CO. Desire to draw attention to the fact that this pre paration was introduced by them In the year 1854, since which time they have had numerous opportu nities of witnessing its beneficial effect in oases of DYSPEPSIA, NERVOUS DEBILITY, NEC KALGIC AFFECTIONS, And In general' relaxation of tho constitution arising from a long residence In warm climates. N.R— The public are requested to observe the name and address stamped on the bottlu?, a there are many worthless imitations vended under the same name. Also, WINE OF THE CITRATB OF IRON AND QUININE, Formed by the anion of Citrio Acid (the ohrystnllis- able prinoiple of the juice of limes or lemons) with the aesquloxldc of iron and quinine, l'he ferru ginous compound thus produced possesses all the invigorating and oxyferou properties of the CHALYBEATE SALTS, Combined with thoe valuable qualities belonging to qulnlne« the moBt energetic of the vegetable tonics.' W. FORD and CO., Chemists, 67 Swnnfton street. T>ARON LIEBIG'S NEW FOOD FOR JJ INFANTS. The most Nutritious, Digestible, nnd Palatable, Ready for use without belling or straining. Specially prepared by SAV0RY and MOORE, And supplied by them for une In THE ROYAL NURSERIES Of H.R.H. the Prince of Wale, Eto. The great success of thfc food is a convincing proof that it perfectly fulfills its object " For mothers who are denied tho happiness of suckling ! heir own children, or who have not suf ficient nourishment for them, tho choice of a fitting food Is a matter of great importance. BARON HEBIG." " I have subjected the food prepared by Messrs. Savory and Moore to full examination and analysis, in both ito uncooked and cooked conditions, and 1 find it to be eminently adapted to the food of In fants and invalid, being highly nourishing, and, what is of the greatest consequence, of easy diges tibility. " ARTHUR HILL HASSALL, M.D„ London, Author ol 'Food and its Adulteration :' Senior Phy sician to the Royal Free Hospital." Extracts from thr Poesb "We look upon this food with very great favour. Chemically viewed, it is perlectly oorreet in its com- I>ositton and manufacture. PhyBlologioally regarded, t contains air the. requisite materials for the sus tenance and growth ot the youngest Infanta. Free tically considered, it is most easily prepared for use, and admirably adapted for the purposes for whloh It is designed." We believe that we are not guilty of an undue breach of etiquette when wo state that this food has been for some time past employed In the First Family in the Kingdom. It has also met with the appro bation ef many distinguished physicians." 8AVORY and MOORE, New Bond street, London, Chemists to the Queen, H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, and the King of the Belgians. Sold by all Chemists. WILLIAM FORD and CO, 67 Swanston street, Melbourne, Viotorla. JAYNE'S ALTERATIVE It is an established' fact that a very large class ol diseases can only be oured by such remedies as wllj enter into the blood and circulate with it through every portion of the body; for only by this meunc can the remedy be bi ought into immediate contact with the disease To obtain this desirable end, dg preparation has ever been so uniformly successful as DR. D. JAYNE'S ALTERATIVE. Borofula Skia Diseases Cancer Erysipelas Goitro Rheumatism Dropey Epllepay Cancerous Tumours, White Swelling, Gout, Liver Complaint, DyBpep&ia;, Ulcers, Scald Head, eto, Have all been effectually cured by this ALTERA TIVE. It is, besides, one of the most pleasant articles that can be taken intothestomach,operuting as a tonio, and removing dyspeptio and nervous affection. SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS. JAYNE'S CARMINATIVE BALSAM. This is & pleasant, oertaln, safe, ud effectual re medy for Dysentery, Diarrhoea or Looseness, Asiatic Cholera, Cholera Morbus, Cholera Infantum or Summer Complaiot, Colic, Griping Pains, Sour Stomach, Sick and Nervous Headache, Heartburn, Waterbraeh, Pain or Sickness of the Stomaoh, Vomiting, Spitting np of Food after eating and also where it passes through the body unchanged, Want of Appetite, Restlessness, and Inability to Sleep, Wind in the Stomach and Bowels, Hysterics, Cramps, Nervous Tremoura and Twitchings, Sea sickness, Melancholy and Lownees of Spirits, Fret ting and Crying of Infants, and for all Bowel Affec tions and Nervous Diseases. Thousand of certificates bare been received from phyriolans, clergymen, and families of the first re spectability, bearing the strongest testimony in its favour. COUGHS, CONSUMPTION. BRONCHITIS. COLDS, ASTHMA, ETC.. ETC. TAYNE'S EXPECTORANT v has been for thirty years the STANDARD REMEDY. It will be admitted that no better evidence of the great curative powers of this Expectorant can be offered than the grateful lestlmony of those who have been restored to health by lis use, and the wide spread popularity whioh, for so long a period, it has maintained m the face of all oompetitios, and which has created a constantly inoreasing demand fer it in all parts of the world. As far as possible this evidence Is laid before the publio from time to time, until the sceptical wIH acknowledge that for all pulmonary complaints it is trnly an invaluable remedy. Recent Coughs and Colds, Plsuxtzto Paths, eto., are quickly and effectually cured by its diaphoretic, soothing, and expectorant powers. A8tiixa it always cures. It overcomes the spasmodlo contraction of tho air vessels, and, by produciog froe expectoration, at onoe removes all difficulty of breathing. Brokchitu readily yields to tho Expectorant. It subdues the inflammation whloh extends through the wind tubes, produces free expectoration and suppresses at onoe the cough aud pain. Coxsuxptiok.— For this msldlouB and fatal dicease no remedy on earth has ever been found so effectual. It subdues the Inflammation, relieves the cough and pain, removes the difficulty of breathing, and S reduce aa nay expectoration, whereUy air irrl- ittog and obatruotlug nutters are removed from toe lung. Wnoormo Covon i promptly relieved by this Expectorant It shortens toe duration of toe disease one-hall, and greatly mitigates toe suffering ol thep, Kent In all pulmonary complaints, In Croup, Pleurisy, eto., it mil be found to be prompt, tale, pleunnt, and reliable, and auy be especially commended tc mlnlaters, teachers, and singers, for the relief of hoarseness, and fer strengthening toe organs of toe voloe. The Expectorant, and all 'of Dr. D. Jay'ne and Sen's family medlclned are sold by Meeers. W. Ford and Co., diiigglBts, Melbourne, wholesale agents, ol whom also may be obtained gratis, " Jayne'a Medical Almanac and Guide to Health," containing, besides a valuable calendar, a catalogue of dlaeaseB, together with the symptoms by whioh they may be known, and the proper remedies for tbeir cure. Bold by au druggie te and storekeepers. TAYNE'S IINIMKNT, OB COUNrEB IE- « KITAHT, Ah external application, te be nsed In oonjnncUon with, and as an auxiliary or assistant to, other ap propriate remedies tor Spraloa and Bruises, Sure Throat, Quinsy, Pains and Soreness In toe Bones and Mnsoles. ParalyBia or Numbness In the Limbs PalnB and Stiffness la the Joints, Swellings and Tumonri.Bheuma tiers, Gout, Tio Dolouraux (Neu ralgia) or Pain In toe Nerves, Milk Leg, White Bwelllngs, Chilblains (or Irost bites). Ringworms Pains in the Chest, Side, or Bsck, eto., and In all oases where Liniments, Rubefacients, BHstera Sinapisms, eto, or any ether Und ol oounter irritant is required. VTholeeale Agents for Dr. Jayne's medicine. , W. FORD and CO., 97 Swanston street. Medical doora above too Colonial Bank atrto/fb MILLER'S Vegetable lonio Bittern , toe stomach, Increase the npBtute „-,flr»W time not as n mild and gaatle sMmJi Md "t toe?, lor persons suffering from iow£(® "»«i ln,«> vomness, and general debility p. sI'"itl , only by A. P. MILLER cKmiS''M Sj?!' street, in Bottles, 3s. ed. and 100 fillrlS! MlLLEU'SRlngworm oinient is ed. and 7s. 6d. 1, reliable, MILLER S Celebrated Eve W.i„. , Bottles, is. ed, 78. ed, and jh m r ,or MrLLER'S Vegetable Itoir .. motinguflne growth ol hnlr, ranb» commended as a never-fa||,n a? n t accurately P-Pamdgflm A D v i c e nr. — njsa® w&pfe; ' 1 (Successor to Dr (ii'iV- Lato Medical Officer ol tile jtJ?'; Hospital, Member of the Cr.uncllni K ,'!'1 Com, tion, Ireland; Member of the Ma?l J'n1 torin, and the oldest legally oual'l i.H 03r,|MTk advertlrine in Australlm-Sw the ni or the Medical Register ol Vlotorl a Twenty-live yeura' houourablonr..,, . and Melbourne. Proctlcslu Can be consulted at \- fnVotfo!fNoufbyL'Scehe„ Heart, Physical Inoapaolty'sV""/0 of S diseases arising from bad babltjorS,.loK; MM wishes the publlo to umierstmli Tif' Clark, consulting bfm will have Ihe henflt of hi"1 perience, having given a llletlme iW . Be" to above-mentioned maladies, tbersfnm h ?atln8 ID to guaranteo a safo and speedy cure 18 enabled Private consultation, with mHii-i,. „ Immediately answered. Medlclni? 'r I-elteri pntlouta wfthout a pcreonnl lntervlei. p,r,ded t ty appointment. Address, EvanV' p 113 Stephen street, Melbourne M«diojl jjJ A Guide to Health, the silent pri... „ Balm of Syriacnm, 'lYIrmiar, No. . , .Ferrr'i celebrated Mntlco Capsulee, Die urimaaft'. Tlieraplon. To be had it bW p ?rera«l7 Stephen atrect ; or forwarded lI L, , ®1 Hull, dress on receipt of stamps, ' P8' to any »j. PERTAIN CURE lor rimSSSTni- \J ous. inaiaestioii. Di«oasn»» wLl B "easei. liver ana enest aireeuons, cio. xnii k! 0"" d«bIIU» taking DAY'8 CONCENTl?\TED twSSS? ff0« sarsapaiillo, dandelion and k?.pUNO( luror, DAY, chemist, 2T Lomdauiii ,'einanufao- bourne. "est, Mel- « Gi 1VE NATURE A LlinV-iw" — 9 f much ol nature. They trltttwuiiv Pt 'o» EB nnd their constitution, and theuaren,,, c8l"1< they fall sick. "W that S Tlio pressure of oonstont mental or w... upon tho animal powers is trenieRdoia Viw?9 11 systems and constitutions can bear ud fe? pressure unasslflted. Add to ! hi the unShwiT B fluencea whioh lurk unwn in the air we bSl water we drink, the artificial heat with whw, i'H endeavour to oh as o away tho cold W(1 nron searchlna iflolature ol winter, and it would require almost superhuman vigour to keep In mioS health at thi rigorous scawn without' rcinlorchS H the phyeloal energies. But how reinforce them ? Certainly H adulterated Ettmulnnts. There is m> nnhon in ?.H outer ulr, or in the atmosphere of furnace-htdH roomp, or workshops, or factories, so pernlclouinH those deadly-burning fluids. P wcigtnu Why upe them, when H HOSTE ITER'S STOMACH BITrERS I a vegetable tonio without alloy, nre tverywkcrt cl.H tninabie ? Nothing has ever been offered teibH feeble and debilitated bo harmtasa in Ha uaturetiH Eowerful in its invigorating effects, as this rated STOMACHIC AND ALTERATIVE. In the army and the navy, in utwdetthrmeQU,iMH (n crowded cltic, by old and young, rich aud doclH it i« used a# a PROTECTIVE and RESTORATIVE MEBICiStH with Uie most gratifying results. H NEWELL and CO., Wholesale Agents, bourne. MRS. BLOOU, THELADY PHYtslCIENNEuB MIDWIFE, may becou-;ultcdpcrsonallyerti| letter. Advice gratis. See diploma and nials. 57 Spring street, opposite Treasurv. URRAY'S FLUID MAGNESI A-The signed have been appointed SOLH AGKIlsH for Australia, for the SALE of (he ah-ve prepvifl tion, nnd have Cunstantly large stocks on hand, ifl is now fully recognised by the publlo aud the pnS fesHion, that this la the only reliable solution of nufl nesla ever yet offered. Others mvy.and undoubttTjH do, contain as much or more sol d matter iaert-H tion; but neither tlie publlo nor the profwioaaufl be told that the quality of the matter m htidiM solution is a most important point. Recent analrtW of Sir James Murray's magnesia shows that thnH is nothing in it but the pure solublo bi- carbonikH of magnesia. No Epsom salts, or other JeletedouB salts of magnesia, being present. AGENTS WANTED for country districts, bfl whom liberal terms will be given. All brabgefl allowed lor, fl HOOD and CO , 160 Elizabeth street fl NOTICE.— In ooneequenoe ot the iDcrentil strides which GALVANISM has made ill medical science, and having frequently to apply 111 in the core of certain nervous and other aiteehous u| an addendum to his practice, Mr. L. L. Smith hum wcurcd the services of Mr. S. J.T. CHOAPfisteoll Bourke Btreefc east, established iu ie49),UieflKiia-l treducer of the galvanlo battery in Jh/i| gentleman has had sixteen yeats' experience la thsfl i application of this agent, ana, undiAriecuewibvl of Dr. L. L. Smith, several moat iDpotiMfttiil have been effected within the lust few munto. Forthe facility ei Ills pr&otice;, and not hxvkgtbfl time to devote to the rniuor branchca of hlsprofufl Bion, Dr. L. L. Smith has added to hi etabllBnesfl > Messrs. SKLIM and CO,, surgeon dentists, Uutfl Geelong, established since 1863, This firmiswfl known, and their long experience In tbo treatatcfl , of dental eurgery in a sulfioientguarauteothfipfl Smith engages the best talent fl The midwifery department Is under Mr. ifl CHESTER, M.R,CS., who will visit and atteadtl that branoh cxoloalvcly. By this distribution (fl r labour Dr. L. L. Smith is enabled to devote his tisfl I to those various studies which hare placed blaifl tho top of his profession, and gained for him fifl > substantial position he now occupies In Uiafl ; colonies, I 1 To stilt further ooncentrato hla energies ufl I economise his time, he has givon up h's printfl house, and now resides at Uls place of baetaera, tin 192J, and 194 Bourke street eaKt Dr. Smith lull also given up all visiting practice, and derates hkfl time purely to consultations and operations. jfl Dr. Smith has now been established tilteea yearf | In this colony At home he was aaslBtaBf puplitt fl Dr. Culverwell, was dres?er eeasccut/rr/y fo Mr&l; .BARNARD HOLT, BENJAMIN PiHLLIPsSI and C. J. GUTHRIE, the great ocu!ht and cllnlcsFl ; clerk to Dr. BA8HAM, and Dr. HAMILTON ROBTl certificates from whom can bo seen in Mr: L. Lt| i Smith's waiting-room, and where the (ollowiBf l prizes can also be seen:— birst physician's prize,! Westminster, 14th July, 18&I; ; midwilery aim diseases of women, prizo i860 and 1851; first prlnfl Materia Medica, 13th July, 1850; surgery prize, Utlfl June, 1850: first prise chemistry, 10th April, ltftfl and first-class certificates for botany ana medlrffl jurisprudence. Dr. Smith's large medfoal library for referetiH and his splendid onalemioal museum for etudy, the works which he 1b continually issuing, are a&H; guarantee to the public that every attention isgiMfl ' Fo make himself au fait with every new dlscoreffiifl science. , Dr. Smith has had such epportualties of etadyulfl practice as few uossiblv could attain. The oriujH which hp has gained in his early life are eulEclttjH guarantees that he has had a thorough foundries medical ana surgical Knowledge, ana tnat ne svsOa himself of that privilege, and that he did not obtiia his diploma like some medical men of the preisl day, by being crammed by a " grinder" before gois| up to exuminution, obtaining ms diplomas, andfi"® I struttlcg about with an ill-digested food ffhD served its purpose for the time, oat shortly l«m the mind as great a mass of vacuity as it wo W I month# prior to the examination. Yet this I of idiots impose upon a too oredulous public, vit are dazzled by tne diploma flaunting la tw I faces, as if that were a criterion of the owner'iprt I fldencyl I Dr. L. Jm Smith having determined in two ynfi | to retire frpm the active duties ot hi pro( intends devoting the wholeof his time to tbe bemtl of the publio, and will therefore now see patleaU i ail hours, the days when at home ; but to prefri disappointment, h's noors for consultation for v general publio ore still the same— until 12 am , g 6 and 9 p.m. Dr L. L. Smith, legally 4 1 medical praotitioner (see Modioal Regiricr), '» 1924, and 194 Bourke street east, Melbooros. Cooflultation fee bv letter. LI. _ I WHAT THE ILLUSTRIOUS ABfiHHKrHYl SAID. IVI " Well sir, what's toe mBttcr?"Bald Mere" tocflgrcit Kastlsh surgeon, to a oadaserous-lw1"'' ' pntieut who had oilied te consult lilm, thing serious," was toe reply, "my stomach ana uy . are out of order, that's alL" "De you, call nothidc serious?" said Abernelhy; "1 'e|l J08' Ihatwheu these two orgaBa are out ol order, m j» call it, there's not a square Inch of the body uw-M not more or less diseased, nor u drop o( blooa i'»« that is in a healthful condition." Nothing «a» » more true, therefore it Is ol the Tory hlgi.e" tancelokeep the stomaoh and liver in a ylgjrc condition. II the one la weak, and toe other !«(« lar in Its action, tone and control them althtojfjl T15 TIER'S CELEBRATED STOMACH BUTB«| —the most genial vegetable Restorative and Ai»" ttve that has ever been administered ns a care'" Dyspepsia and Liver Disease. It is recemmeno 1 by distinguLbed surgeons nnd phyelolans ot i ,| United Stales Army, by odloere ol the Army " Navy, by our flret au-hors, by eminent clergy i in toot, by thou'ande of the most intelligent of «" class, as an unequalled protective agaipit epin«" | | and malarious diseases, and as anerfeotlyinaM")! but at the same time powerful, lnvlgerant alterative. „ ,. _„,i r NEWELL nndCO.WhoIesaloAgents,Melboarai| Night ma k.— josbph goddabdI ; successor to toe late John New®8?, fl prepared to enter Into yearly contracts or oi wise to EMPTY WATERCLOSE18 raj I ® J MOVE. RUBBISH In Melbourne or suborM i lowest possible prloes. Order boxes rti | Ellis, 9 King street south, bootmaker ; Jas-o'8 ,| blaoksmlth, ISO King street ; Cooper and ape g \- shoeing forge, 9 LitUe Collins street east, u g Willmett. S3 Little Collins street east ; Vr- , j„g i blaoksmlth, ISO Little Collins street eaft. ' . g Drury, smith, 8S1 LI', tie Lonsdale streeteast , , g cashire hotel, Little Bourke street east ; Job. p ,1 cooper, 18 Llttlo Bourko street east ; aud at J()Mh street, ooraer of Queensberry street, Hotuam . ' Wanu, 1 Queensberry street east; J81' 0IK)S|u| Rankin, lo Lhtle Bourke etreet west, Oei S Caatlemaine hotel. Frlntedimd PubUaned by Robebt '£3 Proprieter, Ouvan Levet, at 'fn a h ««u> f B lug Offloe, 9 Bourge street east, Melbourn n " ' o-" I .. ' i,: I 