TELEGRAPHIC NEWS, [From Messrs. GreviQe '&'Co. (Reuter '? Agents) toS. A. Advertiser.] VICTORIA. Melbourne, March 9. The Postal Conference has adjourned till Monday. 'The Commissioners are all on a visit to the country districts. Miss Rye's female immigrants landed to-day from the Underley in fine health. A heavy S.W. gale continues to blow along the coast, two steamers being de tained in Port Albert in consequence. Melbourne, March 11. In the case of Pearson v. the Australa sian, a verdict was given for the ' defert dant carrying costs, which are expected to reach to about £1,000. In business there is nothing doing. _. Melbourne, March 12. The reports of the Cumberland disease in sheep are exaggerated. The disease has, however, appeared near Wangarra Mjv McCulloch has instructed thevScab Inspectors to report upon it. No deaths have occurred from eating diseased meat The annual dinner of the Victorian Blues takes place to-night as a farewell dinner to the Treasurer, Mr. Whitby. Captain Cadell sailed for Sydney ' yesterday. The Firefly has been launched, and is ] expected to be ready to proceed to '- Sydney on Thursday. At the intercolonial banquet to be held at the Criterion Hotel on Friday next,-it is expected there will be 160 persons; present including the Governor. The Mayor will preside. A considerable quantity of candles have been sold at auction at full prices. The Assembly is in Committee of Supply. In the'Council, the Public Health Bill has been read a first time. Melbourne, March 13. In the Assembly the continued debate on the Estimates was adjourned tOl to day. Beaumont's eye has been removed, and he is now doing well, as was expected, The betting on the Australian CttjJshbwS Warwick still to be favorite at 2 to'l J Barwon and Whiffler 6 to 1. A special train mil take the delegates to Echuca, probably on Saturday. After five sittings of the Postal Con ference they yesterday unanimously agreed to a motion, Bubnritted to them by the Sydney delegates, which will probably lead to a satisfactory adjustment of the postal question. Messrs. Fraser & Cohen sold at auction to- day, ex Danish Beauty, a cargo, of sugars ; 500 bags were withdrawn for £5 advance ; the remainder of the cargo, over 4,000 bags, was sold at 20s. to 30s. advance. The same firm, also sold the damaged portion of the Jane Petersls cargo of teas at good prices. Melbourne, March 14. The_. Assembly have passed the second reading of the Certificate of Holders of Titles BUI against the Government by a majority of two — 30 to 28. The Argus calls it a fraud. Up-country raws from the Barrier Ranges is attracting much attention. The Assembly are discussing the Lu natic Bill in Committee. The Conference have settled the pro portions of the future subsidies of the colonies, and are now arranging details. They are unanimously in favor of a better service and greater speed, and it Is under stood have approved of a fortnightly service. All six Governments wiH unites in a memorial to tne Home wovermaeni;, embodying the result of the Conference, which is expected will be arrived at early next week. 