LATER NEWS FROM ENGLAND. By the arrival of the Otago yesterday we received Hokitika files to May 27. The West Coast Times of that date contains the following telegraphic news, via Panama, giving intelligence from Europe to April 5 by submarine telegraph, and from the United States to April 9 : WELLINGTON, MAY 20, 2 in. The Ruahine, Captain Beale, left Panama 24th alt, and arrived at Wellington at half-past twelve p.m. to-day. She had fine weather during the voyage. New York and San Francisco steamers had not arrived. Homeward mails arrived at Panama on the 29th March. The Tyne, with European mails, arrived at Colon on the 21st ult. Passengers.-Melbourne-Dr. Hasting and son, Smith, Westgate. Aucklander. H. Hall, Sir G. Arney, Rev. - Smales. Welling- ton-D. Parker, It. Taylor. Nelson-A. M. Wex. Canterbury-Mr., Mrs., and Miss Steele. Greymouth-Blackmore. LONDON, APRIL 2. The Queen was at Buckingham Palace, in good health. Intense excitement prevailed in London on the Irish Church question. The debate on Gladstone's three resolutions relative to the Irish Church commenced on the 30th March, and produced the greatest conflict of the Parliamentary session. The question of the dis- establishment of the Irish Church is considered settled. A bill to enable the Government to acquire, work, and maintain the telegraphs has been read a first time. Victor Emmanuel is seriously ill at Turin, and in the hands of Italian Sangrados. He has had serious apoplectic fits. The Pope has been attacked with bowel complaint, which is considered dangerous on account of his great age. Apparent tranquility prevails through the districts of Charleroi, in Belgium, on strike under (2). Agitation, continues. An indict- ment against the rioters has been prepared. At the sitting of the Danish Riesrag, on 31st March, a prospect of direct telegraphic communication with Russia was favourably spoken of. No change in New Zealand securities. Consols, 93 to 93 delivery, 993 account. The impeachment trial of President John- son still goes on. Examination of witnesses commenced on the 31st. General Butler made a long speech, exciting little sympathy. Steps are being taken to open a telegraph line from Cuba to Jamaica and Aspinwall, to be completed in six months. A new indictment has been found against Davis. A treaty with the North German Confede- ration was taken up and passed in Executive session by the Senate on the 26th by twenty nine votes against eight. The treaty provides for free immigration, and that naturalisation changes nationality. A bill abolishing flogging in the army has passed the House of Commons. Serious disturbances have taken place at Toulouse and Grenoble, caused by the en for cement of the new Army Act. Large bodies of men marched through the streets, singing the "Marseillaise" and shouting "Vive la R- publique! A bas Empire." Troops tried to clear them and were repulsed. Anti-Prussian riots have taken place in Bavaria. The Italian Government have sent a ship of war to Japan waters to protect Italian trade. The Spanish Cortes passed a bill granting in- demnity to Great Britain for the seizure of the vessel Queen Victoria. APRIL 4. The annual race between Oxford and Cambridge University crews took place to- day. The race was closely contested, but in the last mile Oxford gradually forged ahead of their competitors, and passed the goal three lengths ahead. The Royal steam yacht of the Prince of Wales was present, containing the Prince and Princess. The four miles was accomplished by the victorious Oxfords in twenty minutes. The Grand Jury has brought in bills of indictment against all the prisoners, except O'Neil, who were charged with complicity with the Clerkenwell outrage. The trials will commence next week. The Hierarchy will soon present a petition to the Queen in person aganist any change in the position of the revenues of the Established Church in Ireland. Deeds of violence against persons and property are of daily occurrence in Cork. The Right Hon. Justice Fitzgerald, Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland, is said to be about to resign office. APRIL 8. This morning the debate ended on Lord Stanley's amendment to postpone the consideration of Mr. Gladstone's resolutions till next Parliament. Six hundred members voted. The Government was defeated by sixty. The majority when announced was greeted by the wild cheers of the Liberals. A meeting of the Cabinet has been held to consider what action should be taken in view of the vote of Friday night on Mr. Gladstone's resolutions. The Ministers decided to resign, in case the Opposition should retain a large majority after the recess of Parliament. The defeat forms the chief topic of conversation. The Times says, "the Commons have resolved that this cancer of the empire shall be removed, and the rejection of Lord Stanley's amendment to postpone the consideration of the question until next Parliament, and the adoption of Mr. Gladstone's resolutions to go into committee, are merely the first steps of the operation. The national will is soon to be expressed, and it will be no uncertain sound. It will insist that the work so happily begun shall be thoroughly performed. This morning's vote is the dawn of a united empire. New Ireland may take confidence from the vote that she is sustained by a vast balance of opinion of the United Kingdom. The wrongs of ages are to be ended, and right done, amid the acclama- tion of the nation. This must guarantee peace." The Morning Post says : " This vote is the death warrant of the Irish Church. No fairer trophy has been won by the Liberal party since the Emancipation Act of 1829. The Standard says-The effect of this vote will be to waste the session without advancing the object proposed one single step." BREMEN. APRIL 7. Seven thousand emigrants left Germany during the past week for American ports. Prussia has decisively refused the cession of Alsen and Dippel to Denmark. The North German Parliament has ratified and passed the American Naturalisation Treaty. The French troops are to evacuate Rome completely at an early date. AMERICA. NEW YORK, APRIL 9. The news from the contending parties on Parana is important. The allies had by some means flanked the fortress of Sumatra, and captured Ascension. Latest despatches state that Lopez still held the fortress, and was 1 making a determined resistance. The managers of the impeachment of President Johnson for the House of Representatives have concluded their case, and the court has adjourned to Thursday of this week. WEST INDIES. HAVANA, MARCH 24. Cholera has disappeared from St. Domingo. St. Thomas is healthier. Torrents, tornados, and the vomits have disappeared. No 1UA1UJ11 tO. Latest news from Venezuela represents that the revolutionists had continued operations, but were badly defeated by General Colina, at Occuparai. The Government troops gained another victory in a' fight near the town of Tuy. The town of Barcelona has been taken by General Mougas. The secretary of the French Legation had been shot, through a blunder of the troops, and the yacht Sultanas party narrowly escaped a like fate. The guerillas are in Lazuna Maracay, Santa Cruz, and Cages. Troops over communication between Algiers and Guavisco. MEXICO. The clergy refuse to confess patients who inhabit confiscated convents. There are disturbances in Tamaulcpas. Documents implicating foreign parties have been discovered on the pirate Juan T. Duarez, recently captured for a raid on Carmen Island. Ex-Governor Placido Vega has escaped to Colima. General Escabedo has secured a subvention of 3,000 dollars, for construction of a telegraph from San Louis Potosi to Matamoras. The traitor Lopez has been imprisoned. General Negrier has. been conveyed to the capital. The press, as well as the judicial tribunals, now denounces as unconstitutional the law passed on January 25th, 1893, under which Maximilian was tried and executed. The Yucatan Expedition has returned to Vera Cruz, with General Alatoro and ex Governor Espeda. General Placido Vega, while at liberty on Eni ole, escaped, and reached the coast, where e got on a small vessel, and arrived at San Blas, where he placed himself under the protection of General Losada. Corona has despatched troops from Guard Majura to the assistance of General Alvarez, in putting down Jimenez, and has sent troops to Mazatlan to aid Governor Rubi in bringing General Martinez To terms. ASPINWALL. On the 20th March, the car-house of the railway company was destroyed by fire. Forty-seven freight cars were destroyed; thirty-seven of which were laden with freight from South Pacific. Loss 200 600dol. We receive the following additional items by telegram from Sydney, where the mail steamer arrived at ten o'clock on Monday night : COMMERCIAL. New York advices report the Anglo-Saxon sailed for Melbourne on March 14, with 110,400 gallons of kerosene and 192,7 21. of tobacco. The Sterling, from Boston, to the same port, took 49,440 gallons of kerosene. The Thomas Brown sailed on March 16, but her cargo is not reported. The Lloyds sailed for Otago. There were loading at New York the following :-Larquin Arches, for Sydney ; Belle Creole, Burnside, for Melbourne. The total shipment of kerosene for Melbourne from the 1st of January, 1868, to date was 510,102 gallons of kerosene. The market was steady, and sales for forward delivery were reported at 26. The tobacco market was dull. London advices report the wool market as unaltered. Tallow steady; large sales of Australian mutton at £43 to £44 ; beef, £42 to £43. hides very firm ; Australian, 4d. to 5d. Leather; sales reported of about 2,000 sides Australian, at 10d. to 11d. SAN FRANCISCO, APRIL G. The harvest prospects give anticipations of three or four hundred thousand tons of surplus wheat. Markets steady. Wheat, 2dol. 40s. to 2dol. 50e. ; oats, 2dol. 50c. to 2dol. 65. ; barley, Idol. 25c. to 2dol. 5c. VALPARAISO, AMIL 2. The wheat sales during the past fortnight amount in the aggregate to 150,000 Nanegai, at 3dol. 70. to 4dol. f. o b., less the usual discount. Considerable sales of flour have been made at Idol. 25c. for Santiago brands, and 7 dol. 50c. for Southern. 