GOURMANDS AND GORMANDISING Tire word the French use as a term, if not of honor, certainly of approval, is with us changed into a term of reproach : so much, even in small matters, do the two nations differ. The dictionary of the Academy defines a Gourmand, as Dr. John- son also does, as synonymous with a glutton. in the Encyclopaedia, gormandising is trans Iatedas a demoralised love of good cheer ;" but the Abbé Thebaud, in his synonyms, is more favorable to gourmands, describing them as " persons who love to eat and make good cheer," They must eat, but not eat without selection. Below the judicious and self-restraining epicure, the sensible and tolerant Abbé places four classes of people. First, the Friend, the person who likes all sorts of dainties, especially sweetmeats and dessert. The Goinfre is a monster who has an appetite so brutal that he swallows with ravening mouth everything he comes near ; he eats and eats for the sake of of eating. Next appears the Gould (the shark), the wretch who snatches with avidity, swallows rather than eats, and gobbles rather than chews. Last of all comes that very discreditable creature the Glutton, who eats with an audible and disagreeable noise, and with such, veracity that one morsel scarcely waits for another, and all disappears before him, absorbed as it were in a bottomless abyss. Such are the subtleties of the highly refined language of our neighbors. For all these expressions we have but the feeble epithets of epicure, alderman, greyhound, well. We are obliged, indeed, to borrow from the French the two words Gourmand and Gourmet. By the first, meaning those who eat largely, without much regard to quality; by the second, those who study and appreciate the higher branches of cooking. A friend of Break of 's has ascertained, after twenty years' experiments, that it takes thirty-two movements of the upper and lower jaws to cut and grind a morsel of meat sufficiently to allow it to be safely I swallowed. The age and strength of the person, and the quality of the motor and I incisors, are also, of course, to be taken into account, which drives one to algebra and vulgar fractious ; but the rule is a good general one, and may be trusted to. This is philosophy, indeed and yet a man may use his teeth very well without knowing a word of it. It would not have helped that notorious enter, the Abbé de Liongeac, who, as the legend in Paris restaurants goes, would often for a wager eat thirty six dozens of small panes. The Abbé was, moreover, a little fragile-looking man who looked as if a jelly would not melt in his mouth. To be an epicure, a man should be rich a poor epicure (unless he steal) must lead the life of twenty Tantaluses rolled into one. Elwes, the miser, was that unhappy creature : an epicure restrained from in- dulging in one vice, by the preponderance of another. People who laid traps for his rusty guineas used to bring him luxurious dishes, which he spoiled by his meanness. On one occasion a prudent lady sent the old miser a plate of richly stewed care, of which he was known to be found. It arrived cold. The difficulty was how to warm it. Elwes had no coal ; he was not going to waste a fire ; nothing would induce him to do that. What should he do ? A happy thought struck him. He took the dish, covered it with another, and sat down on it patiently like a hatching here until it got tolerably warm, and the generous port wine flavor was elicited from the gravy. There was a story current some years ago in Paris, of a Gascon equally fond of good living, but from much more tangible reasons unable to indulge his taste. On a search for a dinner at some one's expense, our wily Gascon one day entered a restaurant where a pompous gourmand of the parvenu kind was just finishing a solitary but elaborate dinner, and sat surrounded by trophies of the strength of his jaws. The gourmand was just then annoyed at some doubts of the power of his appetite. " Eh then, gentlemen' he said, carefully selecting a toothpick. " My waistcoat strings are ready to fly, and yet I could re- commence now, if any one would offer me a wager." The Gascon leaped at him. "I accept the wager, monsieur," he cried, throwing down the cause he had been hungrily scan- ning. " I'll meet you, though I had formed a project of fasting for a week, for only three days ago I began at a tremendous wedding feast, which has lasted from then till now." The gourmand, either through politeness or pride, inquired no more, feeling sure of victory in whatever condition his adversary might be. The bet was made. Whoever gave up first was to pay for both dinners. The Gascon are like a lion. He was a goings at the soup, a goal at the fish, a gourmand at the entrements, a gourmet at the wine, a friend at the dessert. Unfortunately, his stomach, like a dry balloon, could not expand quite quick enough. The Gascon felt there was something going wrong internally, but on he plunged, a hero to the last, and knowing that, victorious or defeated, he could not pay, be ate until he fell in a swoon of repletion. The waiters felt that here was the beaten man, to whom they had to look for the bill. They surrounded the prostrate champion, partly to find his address, partly to sound his purse, and make sure of their money, but, alas ! the Gascon had not enough even to pay Charon for the ferry over the gloomy river. The restaurateur, in his despair, appealed to the witnesses whether the living ought not to pay for the dead. Gourmands are generally good-natured easy people. This epicure, delighted at his victory, though it had ended in the death of his terrible opponent, drew out his purse and smiling blandly at the prostrate Gascon, quietly paid. The generous creature had hardly left before the Gascon, who had remained for- gotten in a corner, came to himself, and comprehending from a few words dropped by the nearest waters that the bill was settled, was so overjoyed that he began to move, which instantly brought every one round him. The universal cry was, " Give him an emetic !" " Bring a stomach pump 1" The poor wretch turned pale, pulled himself together, and, with one bolt, dashed like a harlequin through the glass doors into the street. *. I am all right," he said, when he was safe ; " Cadcdis, I'll take good care of myself, for I am cured now for a good week more." The Gascon was evidently a great undeveloped epicure, who only wanted a good income to have sipped his artesian soup with the best. We can scarcely doubt that in the old Greek times he would have worn his tongue in a little case, like the Sybarite mentioned by Athenanis, who was anxious to preserve the purity and sensitiveness of that useful and favored organ. But Captain A., of Chantilly, to judge from the epicurean records of Paris in the year 1863 was not much behind the Gas- con in his appreciation of at least the quantity of food. Captain A. had been in the cavalry, but he quitted that service on account of having grown so extremely corpulent that no horse could be found strong enough to bear his ponderous weight. * Yet, fat as he grew, he preserved his splendid appetite in its first bloom. The regiment in which Captain A. had longed served, happening to pass Chantilly, the officers resolved to give a dinner to their old comrade. His oldest friend, who knew the captain's appetite best, asserted that though only twelve men were to sit down, dinner must be ordered for four-and-twenty A pert young lieutenant replied that surely with a good dinner for twelve they could entertain one person more ; but the old captain assured them that if Captain A. chose, Captain A. could eat the whole dinner himself. A bet was made of fifty louis by all the mess against the old captain, who instantly started in search of Captain A., to bring him at once to the spot. He found his man at table. When he heard the cause of the visit, the captain seemed sorry. " You've chosen a bad time, old friend," he said, with a half sigh, partly of regret, partly of repletion. " I have already taken three basins of pure, and have eaten this boiled leg of mutton, of which you see only the white handle. But, as I have long held you in esteem, I'll try and do something for you. Here, boy, my hat. Dear sir, I am at your service. At what inn are you ?'' Arrived at the inn, Captain A. soon hid away the first and second course. The hostess then entered to say that a very fine pike had just arrived. " Cook it, madame," said Captain A., with the utmost gravity. " Cook it. Anti since, gentlemen, in your bet it was stipulated there should be no dessert, this price can take its place." The officers shrugged their shoulders, and seeing they had hopelessly lost, dispensed with this final proof of the captain's complaisance, secretly avowing if they passed through Chantilly, never again to make experiments on this intrepid enter- This reminds us of a story of those rude days of Figg and Broughton, cock- fighting, and bull-baiting, when spendthrift noble- men used to bet on cating matches. The trainer of one of these champion enters on one occasion having to write to Lord Sand which, or whoever the backer was, and report progress, wrote thus : " The Norfolk Chicken is a leg of pork and a goose-pie ahead ; but we shall pick up when we take to our pickles." An epicure on the sick list is a pitiable sight. Numberless are the stories told of the expedients to which invalid epicures have resorted. The old Scotchman, limited to his glass of claret, took his done in one of those glass wells that hold a quart. M. Delaboche, a Parisian epicure of eminence of the last century, was less fortunate. A rich financier, with all the mail couriers on his side, he had only to wish for a delicacy, to have it. He ate apples de foie gras as if they were cheese- cakes, and truffles like cherries. But his wife, dreading widowhood, crossed him in all his tastes, so that he was obliged to shut himself up before he could out what he liked and when he liked. At last he fell ill, and the first remedy that doctors pre- scribe to a gourmand is diet. The doctor's rules would have been ill observed, indeed but for the cruel vigilance of madame, who locked up her husband and kept the keys ; a nurse being her under jailer. The remedies were unpleasant but efficacious, and monsieur the financier began to amend. At last he was permitted to eat, and the due for, knowing his patient's weakness, gave strict directions as to each day, prescribing first of all the white of a fresh egg, and a single slice of bread. The financier only wished that the egg he had to eat had been laid by an ostrich instead of a vulgar barn- door fowl, but he resolved to have his revenge on the bread. He ordered the longest season of bread he could find in Paris ; it was a yard and a half long, and weighed more than a pound. Madame would have fought over this, but there could be no doubt that the strict letter of the law had been maintained. The egg was served up with pomp and the cook placed it on the bed of the sick man, whose eyes brightened with returning health as he sat up in bed eager for the fray. But too eagerly sucking the white of the egg, he unfortunately swallowed the yoke also. Miserable accident ! unhappy precipitation ! the bread was now useless. Madame instantly claimed it as forfeit, and bore it off on her shoulder in triumph, the egg shell. she clutched in her other hand, The financier fell back on his pillow, ill with sheer despair. He was not consoled until his first fit of indigestion. A year or two afterwards he died of an excess of paris de foie gras. It was the same artful invalid who, when the doctor had described his next dinner in writing as we Caisse de poulet, added in a forged hand, " d'Inde," which gave far more solidity to the meal. One of the most heartless things ever done was a trick once played on Pope, the epicurean actor. A wicked friend asked him to dine off a small turbot and a boiled Aitchison of beef, apologising for the I humble fare with the usual feigned humility of friends. " Why, it's the very thing I like," said Pope, in his reply, referring to the match- bone. " I will come, my son, with all the pleasure in life." He came, he saw he ate ; ate till he grew nearer the table, and he could eat no more. He had just laid down his knife I and fork, like a soldier tired of war's alarms, when a bell was rung, and in came a smoking haunch of venison. Pope saw the stick at once The cast a look of bitter reproach upon his friend, trifled with a large slice, then again dropped his now utterly useless weapons, and burst into hysterical and unrestrainable tears. " A friend of twenty years' standing," he sobbed, " and to be deceived in this manner !" One of the greatest vexations to a true epicure is to see the obtuse blunderings of an ignoramus who does not know what he is eating. There is a good Yorkshire story admirably told by Mr. Hayward relating to this form of epicurean annoyance. At a grand dinner at Bishopsthorpe (in Archbishop Markham's time) a dish of ruffs and reveals, that had been carefully fattened on boiled wheat, was accidentally placed in front of a silent shy young divine who had come up from some obscure nook of one of the Ridings to be examined for priests' orders, and had been asked to dine by his Grace. Blushing, terribly self-conscious, and glad to occupy himself by eating any humble thing that could be got at without asking or drawing attention to his awkward and confused ways, he quietly cleared off three parts of the dish, being quite as hungry as he was nervous, till suddenly a fat rural dean, seeing the extent of the ' disaster, " called the attention of the company by a loud exclamation of alarm." It was too late-the last ruff had just joined the last reeve, and the young divine's hopes of speedy preferment had vanished with both. There is a rather similar story also told of a Scotch officer dining with the late Lord George Lennox, then commandant at Portsmouth. Lady Louisa Lennox, with charge ing artfulness, tried to hire off the gallant Scotchman to a more showy but inferior dish. " Nana, my Teddy," was the stolid reply ; " the wee birdies will do very well for me." In the northern version of the story, the scene is laid at Rose Castle (where we believe it really did happen and the un- | observant divine is said to have replied, in the broadest Cumberland : "No, thank you -my lordship, I'll stick to the hill (little) birds," Of modern epicures, Cambaceres, Second Consul under the Empire, and afterwards Napoleon's faithful Chancellor, was the most pre-eminent. This excellent Minister was as fond of business as he was of good eating for, with all his indolence and epicureanism, he worked hard enough to satisfy even Bonaparte. On one occasion (it is said, when the fate of the poor Duke d'Enghein was discussing). Cambaceres was detained very late as the hour of dinner approached, the Minister betrayed no mistakable, and indeed irrepressible, symptoms of impatience, anxiety, and restless- ness. At last, unable to control himself, he sat down at an escritoire in the council-room and wrote a note, which he called a gentleman usher to carry. Napoleon smiled, and nodded to an: aide-de-camp to intercept the important despatch. When it was brought him, Cambaceres turned red, and begged, like a chidden schoolboy, that his notes on small domestic matters might not be read aloud. Napoleon, however, had a will, and he persisted. It was a billet doux to the cook, containing only these impressive words : " Preserve the entremets ; the roasts are lost." When Napoleon was pleased with foreign ambassadors he used to send them for a treat to " Go and dine with Cambaceres.'' The Emperor was once very angry with the Cour des Comptes for disallowing an item of three hundred francs for trout, charged to Cambaceres by the municipality of Geneva. It might be that very Due d'Enghien dinner which British Savarin describes with an exquisite junction, he had been invited to dine at half-past 5, and every- body was in time, as Cambaceres liked punctuality, and sometimes even scolded the dilatory. : I was struck," says British, " on my arrival by the air of consternation that reigned in the assembly ; they spoke aside ; they looked into the court- yard ; some faces announced stupefaction ; something extraordinary had certainly come to pass. Monseigneur had been sent for, to the Council of State, and no one knew when he would return. "A mere matter of a quarter of an hour," said Brillant, with an air of indifference, intended to hide the real misgivings of his heart. At the third hour the discontent rose to mutiny ; every one complained. By the fourth hour all the symptoms were aggravated, in spite of Brillat's suggesting that he whose absence rendered them miserable was, no doubt, far more miserable than they. At last a pale guest appeared, restless and unhappy. He had ventured down as far as the kitchen, and had returned overcome. His face announced the end of the world ; he exclaimed in a voice hardly articulate, and in that muffled tone which expresses at once the fear of making a noise and the desire of being heard : " Monseigneur went out without giving orders, and however long his absence dinner will not be served till his return." All hope was gone ; despair struck a livid pallor into every once rosy face. ' Amongst all these martyrs the most wretched was the good D'Aigrcfeuille ; his body was all over suffering, and the agony of Laocoon was in his face. Pale, distracted, seeing nothing, he sat crouched upon an easy chair, crossed his little hands upon his large belly, and closed his eyes, now to sleep, now to wait the approach of death. Death, however, came not. Towards ten, a carriage was heard rolling into the court-yard. The whole party sprang spontaneously to their legs. Hila- rity succeeded to sadness, and in five minutes we were at table. But alas ! the hour of appetite was past. All had the air of being surprised at beginning dinner at so late an hour ; the jaws had not that isochronous movement which announces regular work, and I know that many guests were seriously inconvenienced by the de- lay." Brillant Savarin published his famous " The Physiology of Taste," in 1825. It was written on the principle of the Almanac de Gourmands (commenced in 1863 and was the first recognised attempt to treat gastronomy as an intellectual pursuit and a positive profession Bnllat, born at Belley, in 1735, was a Judge of the Court of Cassation, and a member of most of the French scientific societies He began life successfully as an advocate, and in 1880 was elected a member of the Constituent Assembly He joined the moderate party, did his best to avert cruelty and oppression, and was appointed President of the Civil Tribunal for the de partments L'Ain Prescribed during the red terror, Ball at lied to Switzerland, where he consoled himself with science and cooking He then emigrated to America, where a vast untrodden prairie of gastronomy lay before him He lived there by teaching French and music It is said that, having been once out with Jefferson, he shot a wild turkey Jefferson on their way home, began relating interesting anecdotes of Washington and the War of Independence Seeing M Savaun quite absent, and paying no attention, Jefferson stopped, a little nettled, and was about to leave him " My dear sir," said the epicure in exile, " I beg ten thousand pardons, Next I was just thinking bon I should dress my wild turkey" Ballet returned to France in 1790, filled several! employments under the Directory, was re appointed to his old office of Judge of the Court of Cassation, and died in 1826\. His admirable book ran rapidly through five or six editions, besides the Belgian piracies All the Year) Round The Old parish of NonwiEBf Tongue - The dwellers of the North of Europe are in England and by English writers cor reedy called " Northmon," signifying the ancient inhabitants of the three kingdoms Denmark, Norway, and Sweden In France they are termed "Nore maids," that is to say, men of the north But we find often, especially in the United States and in Canada, the word " Norsomou " used with the same signification This is, however, erroneous, the word " Noisomon " denoting only the Norwegian, but by no means the inhabitants of Denmark and Sweden The word Nurse was in ancient times used to signify that patois which the Norwegian colonists spoke in Orkney Islands, and in the county of Caithness, Scotland and the appellation "Norse " can, there fore only be correctly applied to that language which the Norwegian commonalty then spoke, while the appellation " Northmon,"-spoiled North, not Not to comprise as an aggregate all the ancient dwellers of all Scandinavian, those hardy mariners whose prows grated on the Non longland Bhoros Oro centuries before Columbus appeared in the western hemisphere But the language spoken in the most ancient tune by the Scandinavians, the worshippers of Odin, and by him on his arm at (70 B. C. ) in the north of Europe, was spread, not only over Denmark, Norway and Sweden, but over Northern Germany (Saxland), and on a part of England and Scotland By the colonists from these countries it was transplanted to Iceland also, where the flourishing historic literature of the north was formed and developed This language was called throughout all the northern lands, from the earliest ages down to the close of 13th century, the Danish to argue (Dough lungs), the appellation being derived from the river Don in the vicinity of the Black Sea, from the borders of which over the Scandinavian hordes or tribes most probably came It bore upon the same appellation in Normandy, and Snxo Ground mations, the famous Spanish historian of the 12th century, calls the Yaermgci, the lifeguard of the Emperor of Constantinople, consisting of northern people, a body which wassticugthenod i also by English free lances, " Douish speaking men" (Homines looks Bonica) Afterwards the appellation " Danish " was changed into that of " Danish," the Danes being a long time considered the main people, and for several centuries playing the most important part in the North But the original appellation "Danish ' tongue" must be carried back to the immigration of " the floor " (the name of Odin's for i lowers) into the North A vast multitude of passages in the old Northern and Icelandic ve nt- sings testify to the wide spreading of this land guage Such occur frequently in the Icelandic law books Organ of 1118 A D and Tonsbok of 1280 A D No one in Iceland could be impanelled in a jury unless he had spoken Danish from his infancy The Icelandic priest, System Argrunson, earlier a Norwegian monk, who in 1860 wrote his famous poem "Hit" (The Lily), says -"The men of old who understood I the ancient and wise teachings of the pagan books praised their great chieftains in songs curiously composed of the Danish tongue, much more than I am bound to repay to the Almighty King of the firmament His grace towards me by singing from my heart a poem in the loving words in the same speech, the mother tongue " At a later period this language was now and then called None of Matte, the northern speech, the word "ferment" signifying the north wind, and the world "Mai" signifying speech that is to say, the language where the wind blows The limiting epithets, " Danish " and " Norse," when used promiscuously of the common ancient language of the whole North, caused a confusion of two abstract ideas They are even unjust to other northern nations, including the English, who in this wise lose their right to a fair share in the northern language, and the literary productions therein produced Cnihsi*-Soino five years ago two French travellers in Africa found, between the rivers Niger and Senegal, negro tribes who made their prisoners of war take the place of money in many transactions Prices of valuable articles were estimated in captives. "What is your page for that horse ?" " Three captives " " How much for this ox ?" " Half a captive " that is to say, a child or an old man They must, to be sure, have had other money of some kind Captives and half captives would be a poor currency for making small purchases or for making change, and money is oftener needed for small payments than for large ones Even gold, easy as it is to divide, is not convenient for coins of small value The poorer the people and the cheaper articles of food are -for poor people and cheap food are sometimes found in the same country the less must be the value of the cheapest come in this country, to laws provide for the coinage of half cents , but we rarely see one, and our smallest purchase is generally a cont's worth The English have coined farthings, but the half penny is the smallest copper coin they now have in common use The French coin is of least value The centre is not worth quite the fifth part of a cent loss wish to cross a toll bridge in France, you give the toll gatherer a son equal to five cen- times, and he gives you back in change two or three centuries In several other countries in Europe coins of small value are found , but the Chinese are, in this respect, ahead of all nations The Chinese copper coin, known to the outside barbs ians as cash, is worth less than the tenth part of a cent Each cash has in the centre a small square hole, in order that several may be strung together in China everything is sold by weight, and meat and fish are cut up into fragments, according to demand The laborer goes to market with his string of cash, and buys his exact modicum of rice, his little ration of vegetables, a handful of ground nuts, and perhaps, a square inch of fish, or pork, and returns home to enjoy a varied meal at the smallest possible cost In Huidos tan, where a man may live, it is said, for a cent a day, copper is found to be too costly a metal for their smallest change. The pieces, if they were small enough, would cost more for coinage than for the material Throughout Hindostan, therefore small payments are made in cowry Shells These shells, the largest of which are an inch and a half in length, and sometimes sold in quantities as low as three cents per pound Their ordinary value in change is about 20 to a cent Our Boys and Girls. Isbiqbbtio> has generally been defined as "the ingratitude of the stomach." 