FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. The Constitutionnel, of March 31st, believes it can state that the present Legislative body will not be dissolved until the expiration of its term in 1869. The france, of April 10th, says The armaments of France do not threaten peace, they can discon- cert none but evil designs, for they are a shield of legitimate rights, the violation of which alone could lead to a conflict." The Moniteur du Soir, of April 15th, says The mutual relations between the Great Powers continue to be of a pacific and cordial character. The different Cabinets are not at the present moment divided by any irritating discussion. The Pessimist views entertained by some journals are not founded upon correct information." The Prince Imperial left Paris on April 11, for Cherbourg, the Emperor and Empress accompanying him as far as the station. After staying a day at Cherbourg his Imperial Highness proceeded to Brest, escorted by an iron-clad squadron. It is said that the Emperor, in quest of materials for his " Life of Caesar," will before long pay a visit to Egypt. On April 14 a duel was fought with pistols at Munich between Baron Sandberg and Baron Meyer dorff. Baron Sandberg was slightly wounded. The Paris of April 16 says that there has not been any exchange of proposals between the French and Prussian Cabinets on the subject of disarmament. The Moniteur du Soir, in its weekly summary of April 22, publishes the following :-The common sense of the public knows how to appreciate the reports of impending war, and the alarming rumours invented and propagated. purposely with a view to speculation. Happily they are gradually subsiding. While the French Government neglect s nothing to discourage bellicose aspiration and strengthen the, desire for a general peace, the other Cabinets all understand that it is their duty to exert their influence in favour of ideas of moderation and of equity. ITALY. A military convention for the repression of bri- bandage has been concluded between the military authorities of the province of Naples and the commander of the Pontifical troops on the southern Pontifical frontier, whereby the military conventions existing previously to October, 1867, again come into force. On April 14th a general strike took place of the workmen at Bologna. The workmen paraded the streets armed with stones, and compelled all the shopkeepers to close their shops. They broke the _ windows of the town-hall. The troops were called out, and after a third summons the workmen dispersed. The police arrested the editor, manager, and head compositor of the radical journal L'Amico del Popolo. The strike continued on April 15th. The troops patrolled the streets. The Prefect and Mayor of Bologna issued proclamations exhorting the workmen to cease their illegal demonstrations. The greater number of the men subsequently returned to their occupation. At a popular Democratic meeting, it was resolved to suspend the strike for the present, to petition Parliament against the heavy burden and unjust distribution of the income, tax, and to solicit the immediate release of the persons arrested. The marriage contract bets son Prince Humbert and the Prince sa Margherita, of Savoy, was signed on April 21. The contract was witnessed by the French, Prussian, and Saxon ministers. The next morning?, April 22, at half-past 10, the Royal Family, the high dignitaries of state, the ministers, the parliamentary deputation, and the members of the municipal council assembled in the great ball-room of the palace for the ceremony of the civil marriage. The President of the Senate read the prescribed article of the code, received the declarations of the Prince and Princess, and proclaimed their marriage. Immediately after- words the cortege proceeded to the cathedral, which had been magnificently decorated. They were there joined by the diplomatic body. High Mass was celebrated, and the Archbishop of Turin officiated at the marriage service. THE' PAPAL STATES. ; On Palm Sunday, April 5, the Pope officiated at St. Peter's. He blessed and distributed the palms to the cardinals, prelates, and members of the diplomatic body. His Holiness enjoys good health. Ic'u'ex pected that the remaining French division will shortly take its departure for France. The officers have received orders to prepare for leaving, i On April 9, the Pope, after assisting at Mass in the Sistine Chapel, gave his blessing to the people from the great loggia of the facade of St. Peter's. The Pope's voice was powerful and distinct. 2 Fifty thousand persons were present, and his Holiness was cheered. The Pope subsequently washed the feet of thirteen poor priests, and served them at diaries according to cub is on Maundy Thursday. } AUSTRIA. According to a telegraphic despatch received at Vienna, the propositions submitted to the Papal See by the Austrian Ambassador, Count Crivelli, with reference to the revision of the Concordat, have been met on all and every point with a decided non po% says. The bill brought into the Reichsrath by the Government sanctioning the customs and commercial treaty with' Germany is accompanied by a pro memorial, which says : " The Emperor's Government never apprehended that the political separation of Austria from Germany would entail their estrangement in commercial matters. All the interests of the empire call for the extension and multiplication of trading relations between the two countries." The negotiations for a commercial treaty between Austria and England have been successfully concluded, and the draft of the treaty prepared by the English and Austrian plenipotentiaries now awaits the sanction of the Ministers. It is proposed that the treaty shall come into operation on the 1st of June, the Vii nna official gazette of April 13 says-The order to remove every possible doubt, we have been authorised expressly to declare that the letter alleged by a French paper to have been addressed by the Pope to the Emperor of Austria is entirely apocryphal The Empress of Austria gave birth to a princess on April 22. l PRUSSIA. It is semi-officially stated that, although by virtue of the recent ukase the kingdom of Poland in Russia has ceased to exist, the Prussian consulate general in Warsaw was still be continued, since the duties of the office in question are of a commercial and not of a political character, I Mr. Bancroft, the American Minister in Berlin, has received full powers from his Government to conclude a treaty of commerce and navigation with the North German Confederation and the Zollverein. The negotiations will not commence until after the ratification of the treaty relative to the nationality of emigrants. BELGIUM. The rioting in the coal-mine districts of Belgium continued on Saturday, March 28 and in the neighbourhood of Charleroi there was another conflict between the military and the rioters. <. ? RUSSIA. The Minister of Finance, in submitting the Budget t,°1|h? Emperor, says that, with a good harvest, the deficit will be considerable, and that in obedience to \- his Majesty's wishes every means shall be taken to complete the lists of railway which have been commenced. DENMARK. 44 1 si in its reach. review, says it is true that thenegoüations with Prussia relative to North Schleswig have not been broken off, but that they are hopelessly dragging on. It also denies the rumours that a partial agreement has been arrived at, and says it is impossible for Denmark to give the guarantees required, and that the frontier line proposed by Prussia would be most unacceptable to Denmark. The review concludes by expressing confidence in the future of Denmark. The Dagblad also states that the Danish people are animated by gratitude towards France for her intervention at the conclusion of the treaty of Prague. SPAIN. The Official Gazette announces that disturbances have broken out at Barcelona in connection with a workman's strike. Catalonia his consequently been placed in a state of a siege. According to telegraphic advices, Order has been restored. Marshal Narvaez died at Madrid on the morning of April 23. It is believed that the present Ministry will continue in office under the Presidency of Senor Arrazola, Minister of State. PORTUGAL. Disorderly bands of unemployed workmen paraded the streets on April 13, and many of the shops were closed. The municipal guards patrolled all day. Several members of Count Peniche's committee went with a petition to the Minister of the Interior. Public order has been maintained. The Cortes was opened on April 15 by the king in person, who delivered a very brief speech. , AMERICA. The impeachment trial was resumed on April 9, before the Senate. Judge Curtis opened the case for. the defence. He denied that the Tenure of Office Act was applicable to the case of Mr. Stanton's removal from the War Department. The trial was continued on April 14. General Thomas, who was examined as a witness, deposed that President Johnson had never ordered him to employ force in order to obtain possession of the War-office. On April 14, General Sherman deposed that when President Johnson offered him the post of Secretary for War, he, the President, claimed the right under the Tenure of Office Act to make an interim appointment, and expressed a wish to get a case before the Supreme Court. Thetri>»I was resumed on April 20. The Court refused to receive the testimony of Secretary Welles and others, 1 offered by the counsel for the defence, to prove that the Cabinet, including Mr. Stanton, advised President Johnson to veto the Tenure of Office Bill, and that the Cabinet had since agreed that the Act was in- applicable to the case of Mr. Stanton. The evidence for the defence was concluded, and on April 22, Mr, 13 out well, one of the managers for the prosecution, replied to the arguments of the defence. In the course of a long speech he maintained that the evidence submitted by the prosecution had completely sustained the charges preferred. In conclusion, he strongly urged the conviction of President Johnson. The House of Representatives passed, on April 29, by ninety-nine votes against five, a bill introduced by Mr. Banks, relative to the naturalisation of immigrants to the United States. This bill enacts that any declaration or decision of officers of the United States Government which questions the right of ex- patriation is null and void that all naturalised citizens of the United States while in foreign countries shall be entitled to the same protection as is now accorded to the native-born citizens and that when: any citizen of the United States is arrested by any foreign Government, and his release delayed or refused upon the allegation that naturalisation does not dissolve his allegiance to his native sovereign, the President shall be empowered to order the arrest of any subject of such foreign government who may be found within the jurisdiction of the United States. Advices from Canada state that further evidence has elicited that Whelan was the assassin of Mr. Darcy M'Gee. The Fenians from Philadelphia, arrested at Montreal have been charged with compli- city. Several other arrests have been made. The New York Herald states that a Fenian plot has been discovered to blow up the House of Parliament, at Ottawa. The steamer Seagull has been burnt on Lake Michigan ; 50 lives were lost. 