THE NMWS OF THU DAY. ? ^- ? At tho meeting of tho City Council this afternoon, the amount of the allowance to be given to the Mayor for tho current municipal year will be determined on as nflual. Tlio ap pointment of committees and managers of the town common will take place, and certain ten ders be invited. The counoil will be called upon to consider the report of the committed appointed to confer with tbe Government in respect to the sale of Wellington-parade and the permanent reservation of the pnblic re serves of the oity, recommending that the council protest against the sale of any portion o! Wellington-parade, but informing the counoil that it is tho intention of the Govern ment to sell tho land under any circumstances ; and if persisting in such intention, the Go vernment be requested to adopt tho least objec tionable mode of subdivision, which tbe com inittoe consider to bo that adopted on tho St. Kilda-road, of lots of only one rood frontage running back to tbo park, and with tho like conditions as to buildings. We learn that a memorial to the Chief Secretary is now in course of signature, asking that Civil Service examinations may bo held in Ballarat. The memorial points oat that a large numhor of young persons aro practically shut out from these examinations, owing to thoir parents being unable to defray the ex penses entailed by a journey to Melbourne. The requeot seems to be a very reasonable one, and there cannot be a doubt that if local ex aminations were held a much larger number of persons resident in Ballarat would endeavor to qualify themselves to pass, and thus a com mendable spirit of emulation would bo aroused. The election of n solicitor to tbo North Melbourne and Carlton Permanent Building and Investment Society takes place to-day. Our Collins-street contemporary, announcing on Saturday that Mr Georgo Godfrey is a candi date, was at tho trouble to state ' his experience and success are in his faver.' Our readers -will remember tho ' experience11 Mr Godfrey acquired in getting a writ served on Sir Charles Darling, and that no 'sucoess' attended the movement. Other candidates are in tho field, arid tho electors will have no difficulty in procuring the services of a gentleman of higher standing in the profession than the unsuccessful writ server. Owing to the continued indisposition of Mr Ambrose Kyte, the case of Eandell v. Jones cannot possibly be hoard at this sittings of the Nisi Prius Court. The beneficial effeot of tho late rains on the Botanical Gardens is apparent in the verdure of the beds and the flourishing aspect of the plants and flowers. It is satisfactory to learn that the Government have acceded to Dr. Mueller's proposal to irrigate the garden by means of water forced from tho Yarra to a summit on the biink of the rivor in the gardens. By this arrangement there should be ne more inconvenience experienced from want of water. Another decided improvement in course of formation is in connection with the road through the reserve immediately outside tho iron fence at the south side of tho gardens. This way, which, though perhaps picturesque in its natural rural con dition, has been hitherto neglected, is now being neatly formed, its Aargin p'auted with what in some time will be refreshing trees, affording a grateful shelter from tho sultry sun, and footpaths provided edged with rough stones obligingly furnished by the City Council. This road, whioh extends from the Immigrants' Home to Anderson-street, South Yarra, is a mile in length, and offers a pleasant walk or drive, commanding, as it does, a splendid view of the gardens, gently slaping to tbo river's edge, and the city with its numerous fall buildings, spires and towers in the dis tance. Many visitors to the gardens, espacially invalids, must have frequently felt the groat want of facilities for access by conveyances. The inoonvenienoe might be easily obviated by the city authorities making an entrance to the pathway running from the right o£ the Im migrants' Home along tho brow of tho hill to the cottage at the gate of the gardens. Probably T3r. Mueller himself would be able to have tho track sufficiently widened for vehicles, though very likely the funds at his dispssal for extra works of this description are rather limited. We would draw the attention of visitors to an interesting spot devoted exclusively to the cultivation of oak trees almost ef every speciou and from every part of the world. The moBt remarkable amongst the collection are the Kermes oak from Southern Europe, which nourishes an insect used in dyeing ; tho cork oak and the Vallonia utilised for tanning. The romains of the youngest son of Mr Burtt, M.L.A., were conveyed to the Melbourne cemetery on Saturday, followed by a large number of friends. We have files from New South Wales and South Australia to the Uth inst., but their in telligenoe has been anticipated by telegram. A military frwora.\ took place ai miiiauiB town on Saturday afternoon, when the remains of the Iato sergeant John Wilkins, of the Wil liamstown Artillery corps, were conveyed to their last resting place, in the cemetery out side tho town. A. procession, consisting of the Artillery and Naval Brigade oompanieB, with the Fore»tcrs and other civilians, marched from Mr Wilkins's late residence, in Thomp son-8traot, and proceeded along Nelson- place and Ferguson-street to the cemetery, the fifo and drum band of the Naval Brigade playing at intervals the dead march in ' Saul.' The coffin was drawn on a guu carriage by: twelve of deceased's oomrades. The Rev. Geo. Wil kinson read the funeral rites of tho Church of England at the grave, and three volleys were fired at the conclusion of the ceremonies. Nearly 4G0 persons attended the funeral, Mr Wilkins having been an old and well-known re sident of the town. The inhabitants of Williamstown held their Horticultural Show on Saturday last, in the local mechanics' institute. The exhibition was not remarkable for either variety or excellence, with tbe exception of some good collections sent from a distance by well-known flower growers and nurserymen, who, however, ex hibited for show only, and not for competition, being evidently of opinion that it would be un fair to contend with tbe local gardeners. There was but a poor attendance ol visitors, a fact which should lead the managers of the show of next year to tbe conclusion that it would be better to hold it in a more central position. The moBt successful prize-taker* were Dr. M'Lean and the Rev. G. WilkiiiBon. The nomination of candidates for the sosts in tbe Gealong Town Council, rendered vacant by tho -&-«-*-«- oi Ota. VFhitohell, Garjcatt and Levy to the position of aldermen, took placo on Saturday, and' resulted in tho election without opposition of Mr T. B. Hunt -for Barwon ward, nud Mr W. F. Dncker for Villa iniinta ward. Mr W. S. Hohbs and Mr tlios. Stonpman were nominated for Tlioinsim ward, and n. poll will lake pl--co on TnVgdiiyTTTh'e total number ^including three ex officio members) who will for the eusning year sit nt tho council tablo amounts to twenty-three, being in excesB ef any year sinco tho formation of tho cor peration. A number of gentlemen, forms1 rly members of tho Melbonrno Teachera' Advanced Military Class, met on Satnrdny morning, at Nissen's Cafe, and presented their late instructor, brigade aprgcant-major Fahey, of the local staff, with a very handsome massive fiilvor headod walking stick, as a mark of their high opinion of his patienco, courtesy and ability as a teacher. A meeting of tho burgesses of Prahran was held on Friday evening last, at the Freemasons' Hotel, Argo-street. R. Mooro, Eb-j. (in the abaonco of Wm. Robb, Esq.), was called to the chair. Mr Sc»tt moved, and Mr Hyl&nd; se conded, the following resolution, which was carried : — ' That the ground in Pant-road having been grantod by the Government to the Prahran Counoil in trust for the burgesses, and to be used as a recreative reserve, this meeting is of opinion that the council had no right, and wore not justified, without previously taking tho opinion of tbe burgesses, either at public meeting assembled or by ballot, to deal with tbo land ; and that the council not having done so, this meeting protests agninBt tho action of the counoil as being not only disrespectful to tho bnrgesBes,but also highly illegal and improper.' Tke following resolution was also moved and carried, viz. : — ' That a committee be ap pointed to prepare a petition to the council, requesting a publio meGting to be called to con sider the matter, and get the same signed and presented to the Mayor without delay ; and also to prepare and forward a memorial to tlio Govern ment on the subject, and that such committee report their proceedings to a future meeting, to be held as early as possible ; such committee, to consist of Messrs Robb, Scott, Hyland and Moore, with power to add to their number.' A discussion then took placo as to the advisa bility of applying to tho Supreme Court for an injunction, but it wns considered desirable to postpone aotion in this respect until the effoct of the other BtepB resolved to be taken had been ascertained. The meeting was, after a vote of thanks to tho chairman, adjourned to Friday evening next. We aro informed that tho re quisition to tho Mayor to call a publio meeting has been prepared, and ia now in course of signature. Evidence upon the new trial in tho Bank of Van Dinmen's Land v. the Bank of Victoria was finished on Saturday, at the juries of twelve court. The case will be concluded this morning. In the Equity Court, on Saturday, Mr Justice Molesworth granted oross inductions restraining both parties to tho suit of the Aladdin Mining Company v the Aladdin and Try Again Mining Company, frem mining on the land in dispute pending judgment. The number of prisoners confined in the Central Gaol on Saturday last was 356, classi fied as follows : — For trial before Supreme Court, 8 males ; before magistrates, 11 males, 3 females; death recorded, 2 males ; military prisoners, 31 males ; road gang, 5 males ; hard labor, 183 males, 35 femaleB ; imprisonment, 5 males, 47 females ; lunatics, 2 males, 1 female ; hi default of bail, 14 males, 5 females. Debtors, 2 males. Total, 265 males, 91 females. The following is an expedient ]worth try ing, it having been very generally adopted by ' home ' friends during the intense heat of the late summer. The receipt originally appeared in the London Medical Times : — The most de licious and sustaining beverage that con be Jrunk this weather is good strong tea oooled :lowu with lumps of ice. It should only be slightly sweetened without milk, and flavored with a few slices of lemon, which aro infused it the time tho tea is first made. A jug of this ready at hand jwould suit the complaint of many of our readers to a T whilst the thermo moter remains where it is and has been of late.' The members of the Eastern Borough Council, Bullarat, made an inspection of por tion of the borough on Friday, and agreed apon the extent of some improvements pro posed to bo carried out during the ensuing municipal year. Theae works comprise exten sion of Peel-street north and ether streets in that locality, improvements in Victoria-street, Bxtension of Eureka-streot to boundary, ditto of Esmond and Lai Lai streets for twenty or thirty chains ; formation of the Mount Xavier Reserve and site of lake. On the western shore of Weudouree the works executed by prison labor bIiow already what a pleasant place tho it present dismal swamp may become. There is a division of opinion amongst the council lors as to the us a of free and prison labor, but thero was little difference of opinion as to the benefit of the work actually done. ' During the last eightor nine days,' saysthe Ballarat Courier, ' the crops in the districts jf Learmonth, Burrumbeet, and the Springs have wonderfully improved in their growth aud general appearance. This is chiefly duo to tho :eoent heavy rainfall, whioh camo at a time so seasonably opportune, as tho wheat orops, but nore especially the oats, were evidently begin ning to suffer for want of moisture. Tho Treat bulk of tho oat oropa, however, early ex hibited symptoms of failure, whioh was gene rally attributed to the operations of tho ' take dl.' Since the late rain some of these have very considerably recovered, but there are others again that look anything but promising. The crop of oats this season will, around Lear month at least, be far below the average. The wheat crops, on the contrary, are looking well everywhere, and, judging from present appear ances, the farmers will have no cause for com plaint on that score. It is a very noticeable faofc that land that has been fallowed is produc ing the best and healthiest looking [crop, a fact ihnt sufficiently recommends the adoption of tho system as a profitable and a commendable one.' An aocident, which might easily have been accompanied with loss of life or limb to more than one, occurred on Saturday forenoon in Swanston-street. A spring cart, driven by a gardener named Kellooh, living at Brighton, was dashing along the street at a furious pace, when it came into collision with a oarriago oon taining Mr and Mrs Manifold, of East St. Kilda, and two ladies. The carriage was com pletely overturned and the polo of tho vehicle breken, with whioh the two horses bolted, and in their passage somewhat injared a dray horse with their appendage. After a short run they were captured, but it was fonnd that one of them was bo severely injured by the shaft of Kelloch's cart that it had to be destroyed. The carriage was raised, and its occupants ex tricated from their uncomfortable position; when it was ascertained that beyond being a good deal braised and shaken they were not injured. The carriage was a good deal damaged. Meanwhile, Kellooh'g horse con tinued its course as far as Flinders-street, wbote H was brenghti to a standstill by ooming in eontaol with Uo drays. Ai liberty again however, the animal resumed its career and pushed across Prince'e-bridge, at a short dis tance beyond which it was arrested. The driver was given into the oustody of constable Wilson by a gentleman who took it upon him Belf to sign the oharge -sheet, -whioh Mr Mani fold deolined to do. Kellooh, who was sober at the time, Btates that tho occurrence was purely .. accidental, and that he is willing to pay for any damage done. An extraordinary meeting of shareholders ol tho Band of Hope Company, for the purpose ol winding upthe company, was held on Friday, at the George Hotel. It was resolved to ap propriate £100 for the purpose of securing a suitable testimonial for presentation to Mr H. R. Caselli, chairman of tho company for several years. It wa-J also agreed to pay £150 over to the three oharitable institutions, besides adopting c resolution whioh in twelve months wi'l give them each an equal interest in another sum of £100. Farther donations were pro posed, but not agreed to. A pretty little comic drama, by Craven, entitled ' My Preserver,' was presented at the Theatre Royal, for the first time ia the colony, on Saturday evening. The plot turns on the difficulty a romantio young lady, named Eetslle Fitzwalter, has in discovering who i* the real Simon Pure who has saved her from a watery gravo. In an excess ef gratitude she hay sworn to give her hand to her preserver, and is horri fied to find that he really was «. raw specimen of country yokel, while sho has b«en fixing h«ff eye on a gentleman adventurer, wbo, in ecder to win her, isss taken on himself the jne.'dt of having fisheS her out (rom Jho jwdai Asto which iIm &U.; The countryman has a sweetheart of his own, and she clings to him so devotedly that he nt last gives up thp fino madam Mid comes back to his oW lovo. Tbe Indy is enabled to compromise with her conscience, for she discovers that, after all, tho ndveuturer (well pluyed by- ilr Hall, by the way) whs really her preserver, he having pnt her into a warm bath shortly after ibo^was fished out of. tho pond. Tho piece is sketchy and wants bottom to ensure a run. The other parts were well filled by Miss Juno, Miss Stewart, Miss Dunn, and Messrs Stewart and Dunn. The burlesque continues to hold .its own with the public, the houso being crowded in every part. The sittings of the Chief Court of Mines commence this morning, at eleven o'clock, in the Equity court houso. The roBnltB of metoorologicul observations mide at tho Melbourne Observatory during the week ending 14th November, show that the highest temperaturo in the sun was on Wednes day, when it rose to 133.2 ; the highest in the shade was on tho same day at 93, and tho low eBt on Thursday, at 44.3 ; tho greatest mean, viz., 68, occurred on Sunday. The weather was fine on the 8th, 9th, 10th, boisterous and cold during the remainder of the week, sultry on the 8th and 10th, hot wind on the morning of the 11th, followod at 11.30 by showery wind from S.W., clouds of duet ; rain, showers and heavy squalls on the evening of tho 11th, on thol2th and 13th, with hailstorm in tho night of the 11th to tho 12th. A abort time since it waa announced that a company for the manufacture of woollen cloth was about to be formed at Malmsbury. It is now stated that the company is being organised, and that an eligible site for the works, with water privileges, has been promised by the Government. The Taamanian Government appear to be rather Bhy of subsidising their Acclimatisation Society, and in order to raise the necessary funds to utilise Franklin's Island, the gift of Lady Franklin, for acclimatising purposes, a sort of sale of gifts bar been initiated. Among the ' gifts' are a litter of groyhonnd whelps, with a pmligreo as long aB a red-hand baronet's, pheasants, geese, canaries, wines, widows' caps, cnbbage troohats, fat sheep, flonr, scythes, ean de cologne, photographs, fluid magnesia, dressing combs, bacon, coffee, epaom salts, boots, blacking, oatmeal, &c.;,&c.; The offioers of tho Kyneton troop of Light Horse have decided upon holding a tournament on Wednesday, the 30th December. Tho race course will bo the convincing ground, and tho grand Btand will afford spectators every accom modation. Competition will be held in sword, lance and gun practico, and the necessary ele ment, fun, will not be lost sight of in chasing the trooper. A Danish sermon, which must havo bean very acceptable to the Danes who live in Sandhurst and its vicinity, was preached yes terday at the Gorman Lutheran Church, Iron bark, by the Rev. P. G. Jacobsen. At a meeting of the Grant Testimonial Com mittee, held at Sandhurst on Friday, it was re solved to mako arrangements for a systematic canvass of the town for subscriptions and for other business. Bendigonian enterprise is developing itself in various directions. It is stated that a clothier in Sandhurst is abont to take out a patent for oloth adaptod eepeoially to tho re quirements of Sandhurst j and that Dr. Crnik sluuik has discovered a process for the preser vation of meat, whioh baa beon adjudged by experienced persons to be perfect. Some of the skylarks turned loose some time since in tho Botanical Gardens, Geelong, havo found their way to the racecourse, where they have been heard frequently of late singing. Tho Rokewood district, according to tho Oeclong Advertiser, bids fair to rival tho beat gold produoing lands that have ever boen dis covered in Victoria. Although hundreds of acres have been upturned in the countless gul lies in and around that district, not only is bhero at least one-third of the alluvial lands still untouched, but it is proved to demonstra tion that the country in the vicinity of Roke wood, Pinchgut, Dereel (otherwise Grassy Gully), Cockatoo, Dry and Rogers gullies, abound in the auriferous quartz. Tlio manager of the Rokowood Quartz and Allnvial Gold Mining Company his just returned from the mine, briuging with him some splondid speci mens of the company's reef. Should the reef ibound with such stone, the yield will be many aunoeg to the ton. The machinery is boing orected with all possible despatch. Prison labor is being demonstrated to be worth trying on tho score of economy, if for nothing else. Wo loam .from tho Western Times that an estimate of the relative valuo of work done by prison labor in Portland, from 1st Jaiiuary to 31st Ootober last, was laid before the counoil of the borough on Tuesday last, when it appeared that whilst only the sum of £87 has been paid for guarding tho pri soners; publio works to the valuo of upwards of £154 have been carried out by them, without in any way interfering with free labor. ' Tho Wrong Sido of the Door' and ' Oars' wero repeated at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, on Saturday evening, to a large audience, tho drosa circle being unusually well attonded. A Concert of vocal and instrumental mnsic will bo given this evening at the Orderly-room, East Collingwood, in aid of the band fund. We observe that the Rev. John Wntsford, of Ballarat, is to leoture on ' Fiji' in Wesley Chnrcli, Lonsdale-street, this evening. As Mr Watsford was for many years a missionary in Fiji, and has therefore had abundant oppor tunities of gaining a praotioal acquaintance with his subject, an interesting lecture may be anticipated. What is cnllod ' A Drawingroom Entertain ment' is announced to take place at the town hall, St. Kilda, on Thursday evening. It will consist of readings, recitations, vocal and in strumental mnsio. Mr and Mrs Lupton, assisted by Mrs. Fox and Herr Staab, will be the entertainers, and their excellent programme ought to ensure success. A series of popular leoturos is to be given in Clarendon-street Presbyterian Church, Eme rald-hill (Rev. H. Darling's), the first of which will take place this evening, at a quarter to eight. Subject : — ' The Pilgrim's Progress ;' and on Tuesday evening, at the same hour, ' Tho Fate of Sir John Franklin,' illustrated by Mr J. Melvin's cosmoramic dissolving -views. The Temperance Hall was well filled by a very respectable audience on Saturday evening' Dr. Hickson occupied tho ohair. The pieces were, as usual, well selected, consisting of sing ing, reoitations and readings. The readings were by Messrs Pierso, Anderson, M'Gillvery, Hayden, Mandeville and Crooke. Misses Shep pard and Glen song several pieces with good taste, and the duet by Mrs Peryman and Mr Carey was performed admirably. Madame Pett presided at tho piano. 