SUMMARY FOR *- EUROPE. i > I INTRODUCTIOÎT. i l ) Taking up the thread of the narrative of. pur political history as we laid it down last, month in our usual Summary, for England, we are happy to be able to say that the situation has greatly mended. We were then in such a position that Mr. Riddell could not, and Mr. M'Culloch would not, form a Government j and it appeared that, after Mr. M'Cui lofeh and Mr. Higinbotliam, there was nothing for us but the chaos predicted by their flatterers. But Mr. M'Culloch is no longer Minister, and chaos has not come. On the contrary, the clouds are lifting, and though there are likely to be troubles before,.usj the political -pros- pect'is by no means go dark and threat- ening as it was before. .On the 28th tilt., Parliament met, according to adjournment, but His Ex- cellency was unable to say that he had made any progress in the formation of a Ministry, or that at the end of the short further adjournment asked for, ho would be in a' position to ' open the session formally. It appears, however- and the papers will be found in another part of this issue-that his communications with Mr. M'Culloch soon afterwards ended, the lattor somewhat doggedly ad- hering to his determination not to intro- duce the Darling grant excepting in the Appropriation Bill, and no Appropriation Bill, without the grant in question. As this position was inconsistent with the,instructions convèyedto His Excel- lency in the despatches of the Duke of Buckingham-as shown in our last sum- mary-there was nothing for it but to cut the ' painter, and at last His Excel- lency did so. On the 2nd instant, he once more communicated with Mr. Sladen and Mr. Fellows, who we're acting in harmony. It then became un- derstood that the Governor had agreed to the policy of these two gentlemen, which amounted to an immediate endeavour to obtain supplies (so as to restore vitality to/mr public works, and free the cre- ditors of the state from the embarrass- ments'they, experience at present), to leave the Darling grant in a separate bill as an open question in the Cabinet, and to dissolve the Assembly again on the question of supplies and a separate bill for the Darling grant, if necessary, On- the 6th instant, ' Mr. MacMahon announced in the Assembly that a new Government had been formed, and its members were found to be Chief Secretary . Mr. Sladen. Minister of Justice ... Mr. Kellows. Attorney-General. Mr. M'Donnell. Minister of Lands ... Mr. Gillies, Treasurer ... -. Mr. Langton. Commissioner of Public .Works .Mr. O'Grady. Commissioner of Customs Mr. Bayles. Minister of Mines ... Mr. Kerferd. One vacancy is thus left to be filled up afterwards. Mr. MacMahon asked for an adjournment till the 29th inst., for the purpose of the re-elections, and these are now proceeding. i So far as can be calculated, the I whole of the new Cabinet will be returned. Mr. Sladen (in the Western Province), Mr. Fellows (in St. Kilda), and Mr. Langton (in West Mel- bourne), met with no opposition, and therefore have since been de- clared duly elected. Mr. M'Donnell and Mr. Bayles both represent Villiers and Heytesbury, and as only one Oppo- sition candidate has been named a scarcely fledged barrister named Cock-one of the two members may be regarded as elected, and the seat of the other may be set down as safe. Mr.' Gillies meets with some opposition at Ballarat West, where the ever-ready, versatile, and untrustworthy Mr. 0, E. Jones is his opponent, supported by the Ministry of which for a time he was whip, "but which he abandoned prematurely when the fortuno of war seemed to point out an opportunity for the drummer to declare himself a general. At the Ovens, Mr. Graham Berry, the rejected of Collingwood and other con- stituencies, has appeared leading a for- lorn hope against Sir. Kerferd ; and on South Bourke the ever-intrepid Crews lias descended in a sudden flight from Prahran. There is little fear, however, of the " Loyal Liberal Association" as the body which supports the late M'Culloch Slinistry designates itself displacing any one "member of the new Government ; and we shall not be far wong, probably, in accepting these elec- tions as being not merely the latest but the truest expression of the real senti- ments of the country on the matters in dispute. The constituencies-most of them, at least-are amongst the most important in tho colony, and they do not represent the same classes of people. The Western Province, which has chosen Mr. Sladen, comprises one of the oldest settled rural districts. St. Kilda is essentially a community of well-to-do people-merchants, lawyers, bankers, and other " men of money." Ballarat West and the Ovens are as essentially mining communities ; and no reader of our political history can have forgotten "the wild wood-carters of Nunawad- ing" in the district ef South Bourke. A 1th ough at present the newr Ministerial party is apparently weak in numbers in the Assembly, it will probably be able to point with pride to the elections, for no btone has been left unturned by the M'Culloch party to defeat those who Lave had the really " loyal " hardihood to Bupplant them ; and it is not im- possible that the moral influence of the result may be found to tell on the late occupants of the back benches of tho " sunny sido" of tho House. The policy of the new Government-as declared from the hustings by Mr. Gillies and Mr. O'Grady-will be simply, as already stated. -The former stated ihat the Government will liberalise the land policy of the country even moré", than its predecessors did ; . and that it' will accept from selectors the periodical payments, hitherto called rent, as pay- ments for the freehold of the soil, on the principle of tlie deferred payments introduced by tlie Duffy Land Act, and .will'increase'the areas that may-be occupied,and'the facilities for occupying them,l under the special clause of the Land Act applicable to the gold1 fields. At South Bourke, Mr. O'Grady pointed out that ho had ascertained, in the few days lie had been in office, that since the" dead- lock" began nearly three-quarters of a million sterling voted for public works had been locked up in the Treasury. There is little reason for, wonder, therefore, that the withdrawal of so large a sum' from what has been called the " wages fund" of a community numbering (only some 070,000 persons of all 'sexes and ages, has been productive of prodigious mischief. It will be, the object of the , . Government to set these moneys flowing in their proper channels, and it is pro- bable that if a majority in the Assembly should resist the effort, they will, be called, to a severe account by thcirconstituencies, The question of the Darling grant will arise afterwards. Some member of the Ministry, or of the House, will bring in, a bill to provide the money, and, for tho sake of the peace of the country, those who are opposed to it on principle will be silent. So Sir Charles or Lady Dar- ling will, after all, have the money. What is to follow-a turbulent session, or new elections-is in the womb of time, and we are not called upon to pro- phecy. Somo remark has been occasioned by the absence of some, notable names from the list of the new Cabinet. Mr. O'shanassy, however, will give it his support in the Upper House ; and of the members of the Opposition in the Lower Chamber, Messrs. MacMahon and Aspinall were offered office, but for reasons more of a personal than a political nature declined to take portfolios. Mr. Duffy has been omitted from the list, and we shall pro- bably learn the reason why soon after Parliament meets, which will be in a few days (the 29th inst.) One of the last acts of the late Go- vernment was to gazette the Hon. George Verdon, CB. (now member for Emerald hill), to the office of agent for the colony in England. He will assume the respon- sible duties of the office, in London in December-the earliest'possible time, as a local Act prevents members from ac^ cepting a place of profit within six months of their resignation, and Mr. Verdon has not yet resigned. Though generally approving the appointment, the peculiar mannor in which it was made has been much criticised by the public and the press. An association, to be known as the " Constitutional Association," has been formed by the supporters of the present Government, to attend to the registra- tions and elections, and generally to counteract the efforts of the " Loyal Liberal Association," which has been distinguishing itself lately by repudiat- ing the debts incurred in the last gene- ral election by the candidates put for- ward by it. Trade is improving somewhat ; the weather has set in favourably for tho farmers ; and if the Treasury were once unlocked, there is no doubt that business matters in the colony would soon be vastly better. SOCIAL SUMMARY. The month has not been piolific of news, the general position being one of expectancy, to see what will be the result o£ the attempt of the new Minisliy to restore harmonious movenient'to the operations of government, so long reduced to a state o£ inaction. Theie j is on all hands a weariness of tho incon- venience and distress wliieli the political dead, lock has been and is occasioning, and any solution that tvould permit payments to be made and public works to be resumed, would be welcomed as a gieat boon by the com- munity at large. His Excellency the Governor was for a day or two suffering from a severe attack of diarrhoa, followed by cramp in the limbs. On Tuesday last all unfavourable symptoms disappeared, and on the following day His Excellency, accompanied by Lady Manners .Sutton and tho Misses Mannen Sutton, pro- ceeded to Geelong by tiain, and from thenco he drove to tho residence of Hie Hon. Mr. Fellow s, at Queenscliff, where they are now staying. The pielitninaries of a marriage between Miss Manners Sutton, the eldest daughter of His Excellency the Governor, and Mr. C. E. Bright, of Buona Vista, South Yarra, and a partner in the firm of Bright Brotheis and Co., Lave been arranged. The nuptials will veiy shortly be celebrated. A supplement to the Gazette of tho 5th ivut. contains the following appointment :-" The Hon. Geoige Frederick Verdon, C.B., to be agent-general for Victoria in the United Kingdom of Groat Britain and Ireland ; such appointment to take effect from tho 1st day of December, 18G8, on which day Mr. Veidon will accept and will enter upon the duties of tho said office in London." The lion. James M'Culloch, the late Chief Secretary, has, since his resignation, been en- tertained at dinner at Scott's Hotel, by the friends and supporters in Parliament of the Ministry of which he was the head. About sixty persons sat down to dinner, their numbeis including Mr. M 'Culloch'» colleagues, the whole of the present Opposition, several members of the Upper House-such as the lion. Messrs. A'Beckett, Eraser, Turnbull, Degraves, and others ; and a few of Mr. M'Culloch's private friends. The Hon. J. G. Francis occupied the chair, and the Hon. J. F. Sullivan the vice-chair. After the usual loyal toasts, the chairman proposed the health of the guest of the evening, which was re- ceived with enthusiasm. Mr. M'Culloch in a brief reply reviewed tho history of the post Administration, and expressed his pleasure at finding his conduct approved and applauded. The City Council, at its last meeting, passed a motion m favour of contracting a loan of £00,000, for the purposo of carrying out im- provements in the streets and the public paiks of the city. Debentures aro to be issued bearing interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum, payable, principal and interest, in Melbourne or London ; payment of prin- cipal to commence after the expiration of eighteen years, and to bo at the rate of £10,000 per annum, so that the loan may bo paid in twenty-thrco years from tho date of its contraction. Tho hope was expressed by Councillor Williams that the loan would be placed in the London market, but some members of the council thought that courso would be unnecessary, and that the deben- tures would realise a premium of five per cent.' in Melbourne. ! Sinco the 1st inst. the Sunday trains on the Victorian Railways,' between Melbourne and Ballarat and Melbourne and Sandhurst, have been discontinued, as 'has also the issue of Saturday excursion tickets. These altera- tions, which wero adopted from economic considerations, have given graat dissatisfac- tion both in Melbourne and the country. , The amount of'the assessment on the rate- ' ablo property within the city boundaries for the picsent year was £653,984, and the result of the appeals was a 'reduction to £650,106. Tho total amount of the assessments of the preceding seven years was as follows :-' Ï8C1, £052,670 ;*1802, £581.774 ; 1863, £555,708; 1864, £550,098; 1865,£569,483; 1806,£595,265; 1807, £613,605. There has been an increase of about 1,500 houses since 1801. Wo leam from Riverina, that the Bogan River Company's stations are taken pos- session of by Mr. Duncan M'Rue and Mr. Gray, for the mortgagees. Thus has fallen one of the largest squatting companies in the Australias. ' There is £100,000 overdue in de- bentures, and though the company's property' in-stations and stock is worth little less, if any, than a quarter of a million sterling, such ' is the depressed condition of pastoral securi- ties that the company is compelled to suc- cumb to difficulties not of their own creating, and which they tried to stem with a perse- verance perhaps never excelled in pastoral Riverina. > ' ' Tiie will of tho late Mr. C. H. Ebden bas ' been proved in the Equity Court. It was stated that the deceased left property in Erig iland to the value of £100,000, and in'this colony to the amount of £35,000. ' Tho Geelong "Woollen and Cloth Factçry ,wa8 visited and inspected on the 12th. inst. by the three gentlemen appointed by Govern- ments-Messrs. Alston, Sargood, and Black to seo that the company had carried out the reduîïuments 'necessary to secure the grant in aid. The riuantity of cloth required was 5,000 yards, but 5,300 were measured off, and some 1,700 yards were not unrolled., Tho inspectors expressed their surpriso'and'grati iication at what they saw." ' , i A very extensive fire broke out on the night oí the 15th inst., ' at the timber-yard and saw-mills of Messrs. Halstead and Kerr, at the corner of Elizabeth and A'Bcckátt-streets, Melbourne. A very large quantity of timber wasstored there, and the conflagration was tho laigest which has taken place in Melbourne . for many years. Thousands of pcoplo crowded the streets to witness it, and tue light of the fire was visible over a large extent of country, being distinctly seen at Kilmore, a distance of forty miles from Melbourne. The work- shops, sheds, ongine, machinery, and timber, which were destroyed, belonging to Messrs. Halstead and Kerr, were valued by them at £8,000, the amount of insurance upon the property being £3,700. Several shops on the Elizabeth street frontage, belonging to the Hon. John O'shanassy, were also destroyed or greatly damaged, and a row of houses on the other side of the yard, the property of Mr. Cdgin, were somewhat injured by the lire. There is every reason to suppose that the fire was of accidental'origin, but its pre- cise cause cannot be ascertained. , ! A quantity of silk goods, to tho value of j £300, which wero stolen in February last ! from the store of Messrs. Geo. Chisholm and Co., George- street, Sydney, have been re- covered by the detective police of this city, Where they were bl ought by two men named Archibald and Liddy, who have been arrested, and remanded to Sydney. The first annual'meetmg of the subscribers to the Eye and Ear Institution was held on the 8th insfc. This institution was originally established in Albert- street by Mr. Gray, but it was so largely resorted to that the room was found too limited, and a larger building was taken in Spring-street. The institution is now lecogniscd by (government, and may .therefore be regarded as one of the public es- tablishments of the colony. The report sub- mitted to the meeting stated.that during tho East year no less than 2,000 out-door patients ad been treated, and that the in-door pa- tients numbered fifty, of whom sixteen were in destitute circumstances. The Victorian Society of Blues held their annual gathering on the 1st inst., at Scott's Hotel. Between twenty and thirty of tho fraternity sat down to an excellent dinner, after which the loyal toasts having beeu duly responded to, the society, and the Royal and ancient foundation, were drunk with an cn thusiam which only a gathering of tho "crugs" could exhibit. There were a few visitois present, one of whom, after hearing the speeches of the treasurer and others as to the operations of the society, added a dona- tion of £20 to the funds. The peculiar iu teiest which attaches to these meeting of the Blues alises from the íeferences to old school days, which invariably form the topics of the evening. Mr. Turner, the permanent head of the Post-office department, proceeds, to England by the mail steamship Bombay, on sick leave, fortwelve months. The Commission of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church has held its an.-, nual sittings, but the business transacted was of no special moment. A case of unnatural and almost incredible in- humanity has been revealed at Ballarat, A man named James Taylor-was lately sent to gaol on the charge of brutal ill-usage of his childieu. Since his imprisonment the children have made some statements which induced the police to make inquirios, the result being that he has been again brought up on the charge of attempting to poison the children. The latter were examined and deposed to the prisoner having regularly administered to them twice a day several drops of some stuff from a bottle, which used to burn their tongues, lips, and throats, and make them sick. The prisoner was committed for trial. During the month some important pieces of evidence have been elicited in favour of tho Australian claimant of the Tichborne estates. ItappearsthatMr. Trevor Hill, a resi- dent of Queensland, who saw Mr. Tichborne at Cheltenham in 1853, again met him and re- cognised him at Wagga 'Wagga in 1864, whon he was passing under the name of De Castro, and Mr. B. naywood, who also saw Mr. Tich- borne at Cheltenham, now affirms his iden- tity with De Castro upon a photograph of the latter being submitted to him. Gieatinconvenienco íesulted at the depar- ture of the last outward European mail, from the fact that it was impossible to forward bills of lading through the post for shipments of gold. The K.M.S.S. Avoca, which con- veyed the mail, did not arrive in the bay till after the appointed timo for closing the mails, and as the agent in this port of the P. aud U. Company would not grant any extra facilities for the despatch of bills of lading, the ship- pers were reduced to the alternative either of sending their gold without bills of lading, wheicbj; the consignees would be unable to receive it, of withdiawing their consignments, or of adopting the courso which seems to have been chosen by most-viz., that of sending their bills of lading by private hand, to be posted at Galle or King George's Sound. These defective arrangements occa- sioned a good deal of dissatisfaction. A strange picture of domestic life was re- vealed by a case which carne recontly before the City Court, in tho shape of an applica- tion made by William Henry Kawling, pub- lican, of Elizabeth-street, to set aside a pro- tection order granted by the bench in Decem- ber last to his wife. The ovidence showed that the parties were married in 1852 at San 1'iaiicisco, but in I860, they then living at Launceston, Tasmania, matters became so unhappy that they agreed to separate. The husband attiibuted this state of things partly to the fact that a man named Barrett paid his wife more attentions than politeness absolutely demanded, and pamly, "perhaps, to some irregularities on his elfcn part." Ile agreed to icceivo a sum of £100 from his wife, as a billin for his outraged feel- ings, and retiied, leaving her in possession. They again met, in the following year, and were " reconciled," and the injured husband resumed ownership of the property of his wife. Subsequently, however, their domestic bliss was again disturbed by Mr. Barrett, who proceeded so far as to make a declaration oi love to tho wife in the presence of the hus- band. Mr. Barrett went on to offer terms te Mr. Bawling to retire, in consideration of a sum in cash. The high-souled husband agreed to sell his " property to Barrett for £400, and he shortly after emitted Launceston, leaving his wifo and Barrett living together. Ho sub sequently came to Melbourne and commenced hotclkeeping, living during the time witt another woman. His wife afterwards came to Melbourne and entered into business, having obtained from the court a protection order, which her husband by this application sough) to set aside, pleading that as the separation had been by mutual consent, there had been no desertion on his part. The Bench de- clined to annul the order it had made, and dismissed the case with costs. I The Sandhurst Circuit Court was occupied during the whole of one day by the trial of .John Charles Atkinson, for the murder of his wife at Tarilta. The evidence for the Crown wasof a most voluminous character, and oc- cupied nearly seven hours. Mr. Aspinall, who defended the, prisoner, made a very able speech to the jury, in which ho scouted the supposition that aman who had occupied such a respectable position as the prisoner, and one who had always been known to treat his ?\vifo with the utmost kindness, could havo committed such an atrocious crime. The jury returned a verdict,of ',',No^Guilty." A miner, who had been the owner of a claim at the Woolshed, Beechworth district, which had yielded, besides a large quantity of gold, more diamonds than all the rest, of Australia taken together, died recently, leav- ing his family in a state of destitution. ¡ Tho exceedingly primitive condition of society at Burketown, Carpentaria, is . shown By the following extracts from a letter lately feceived from there by a resident in this dolony :-" Boxing Day, 1867.-We are in the midst of Christmas festivities, and they aro worthy of Burketown--drinking, and lighting are the order of the day. The races canie off to-day, and the district was well', re- presented : men came from the Leichardt, Flinders, Table Lands, Norman, and some hundreds of miles round. Party feeling ran high, and all hands were divided into two mobs-the Leichardt and the Albert ; the former wore'red rosettes, and it was plain, tp.all that a ,mus' would'come of it. Tho iaeat event was,'a rnatch- between ,the liejobnrdt horse ¡CJionce anti a new chum moke" belonging" .fa Bead's manager. The IJeichaidfc horse i was beaten, and the .Al- bert mob began crowing, so all hands haye been at it since.j Bank is no exception, and Ellis Head has had it out with o¡ur skipper, andi his manager, and clerks havo followed suit with commendable zeal. Friday, 27tb December.-The sports came off to-day, but all hands were toa drunk to carry, out the programme. Tho first thing was to hobble an overseer, tie a bullock bell round his neck, and drive him out of the township, for refusing to, pay a bet of £10 he lost yesterday. A ball was to como off to-night, hut it is blowing a gale of wind, so it is post- poned ; it is quite as well, as they havo no music-however, one of the stewards is a good whistler, and ha there will be plenty of grog, they do not look for much more. Jan. 10, 1868.-Just returned from the Norman Hiver,'distant seventy-five miles to the Heads and then fifty more to the landing. Tho inhabitants there, if possible, excel tho Burkctonians.' Wu were there three days, and the steward sold nearly £20 worth df grog in bottles at 12s. Several of the residents have accustomed themselves to do without shirts, and will ride the whole day in the hottest sun ; seated in our cabin, with their skins the colour of chocolate, they presented a moro picturesque than genteel appearance. But what can you expect in a district where their wayside hotels bear such names as 'TheFlash of Lightning,' 'Dead Finish,' &c.; Each man eames strapped rpund his waist a full-sized Tranter, or navy sized Colt, as the natives aro in hundreds close to the township. I wa3 out on Monday afternoon, and surprised a whole camp bath- ing in a lagoon; tho men all ran for their lives, and the gins screamed Uko seagulls. The heat is fearful, You can fancy being forty miles up a river that begins COO miles up a gulf, and mosquitoes, sandy blight, fever, &c.; 1 don't think I shall ever see out of my lett eye again. A new doctor arrived by tho Ellesmere, and he was evidently a swell, but to-day he so far conformed with Burketown usages as to be dancing in tho middle of tho street. The other doctor had an epileptic fit on our cabin lloor, last Sunday, in the Leich- ardt, and nearly died." At the recent sittings of the Divorce Court, Mr. Ii. G. Lewis, solicitor in Melbourne, peti- tioned for a dissolution of marriage for alleged adulteries committed by his wife. After last- ing for two days, the jury could not airivo at a final decision, and were discharged. A guard of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, named George Barnier, while assisting a lady into a carriage of a train that was in motion, was thrown down, and sus- tained injuries from which he died. ¡An action was brought against the Mel- bourne andi Hobson's Bay llailway at the Supreme Court on Wednesday by Samuel Tipping, an engineer, to recover damages on account of bodily injuries, caused by a col- lision between two trains, in one of which he was a passenger. The collision occurred in November last. Damages, which the plaintiff hud laid at £5,000, wereawaided hy the jury in the amount of £600. | A startling rumour has .buen in circulation for sonic time past, in regard to > the Coliban Waterworks, namely, that tv «ross engineer- ing blunder has been committed. The levels, it has been said, aie so much tit fault that no water will ever reach (lie Bendigo gold-fields by means of the canal in course of construc- tion. The rumour has been repeatedly con- tradicted, but not in a satisfactorily formal or circumstantial manner. It is doubtful whether anything will be authoritatively 'known on the subject before the meeting of Parliament. A number of members of the committee of the Immigrant*' Home recently made a round of inspection through several of the back lanes of the city, to visit some of the recipients of their assistance. A representative of this journal accompanied the party, and his de- scription of what they saw revealed scenes of misery and abandonment of a character from which we wero pieviously too readily disposed to think our metropolis was comparatively free. A sacrilegious burglary was committed at St. Francis' Church (Roman Catholic), in Elizaboth-sticot, a fortnight ago by some mon whose solo object seems to have been to break open and rob the collection-boxes fixed in tho church. Ouo of them, named M'Neshan, had turned approver befoie tho act, and the other two, Wickers and Pritchard, were arrested just after committing the robbery. These two were tried at the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, and sentenced to eight years' hard labour. IA case of suicide occurred at Hawthorn about a fortnight ago, under the following lather singular circumstances. An old mau named George Thomas Lewis, a dealer, re- siding on tho Weinbcrg-road, waa in town on the Saturday night, and was complained of to the police and given in charco by a young woman, who accused him of insulting her. He was taken to the watchhouse, and bailed out to appear on Monday. He returned to his home, where it seems that the shame of having to appear at the police court preyed upon his mind. On the Sunday evening he went to a chemist's shop, and bought some strychnine, which ho said he wanted to kill native cats, and took the poison the same night. His death followed shortly after. Mr. Carl Schäfer, an accountant, resident at South Yarra, became unaccountably miss- ing on Thursday, April 23. On the evening of that day Mr. Schäfer went to the house of a friend at Fitzroy, to make up some books, after doing which he started to return home at ten o'clock. He never reached home, and for some days the close and searching investi- gations instituted by the police failed to throw any light on what had become of him. About a week afterwards his body was found floating in the River Yarra, below the bridge of the Botanic- gardens, over which he would have to pass in a direct line from Fitzroy to his home. His watch and money were un- touched. The whole of the circumstances went to make it highly probable that on the Thursday night, in a fit of abstraction of mind, known to be a characteristic of the deceased gentleman, he had taken the straight path leading to the river, instead of turning on that conducting to the new bridge, and had walked into the water, and had received a blow on the forehead by falling on a rock, by which he had been rendered insensible. The deceased was much respected by a wide circle of acquaintances for his integrity of character. Accounts from Nicol Bay, on the north- west coast of Australia, represent that tho pearl fishery carried on there is most prosper- ous. A large number of boats are engaged in it, and tho returns aro said to averago a ton of shells per twenty-seven days for every white man employed, the ton representing a value of £100. The " beach-combing" work is done by natives. A vessel fitted with all appliances for carrying on the fishery in deep water some time ago left Melbourne, ana the most favourable hopes are entertained of the success of the expedition. A return by tho ltegistrar-General, pub lished in tho Gazelle, «hows that in the first quarter of 1868 there wero 3,227 males¡aud 3,137 females born in tho colony ; and that 5,973 males and 2,435 females arrived in it by sea. , Of males 1,601 and of females 1,179 died ; and 5,527 males and.1,782 females left the colony by water. The .total increase of population on the quarter was 4,683, and the estimated population of the colony on the 31st of March was 664,670 persons. Two young porsons, named Denis' and Louisa Lynch, brother and sister, were found by tho police, about a week ago, lying in a wretched stato of sickness, dirt, and destitu- tion,, in a house in a miserable lane at Carl-, ton. They were taken to the hospital, where they both died within the two following days. The causo of death was at first believed to bo starvation,, but was shown by the medical evidence to be typhoid fever, which seemed to be duo to ,the miserable condition, of dirt and neglect in which they had been living. The anniversary of the Melbourne Turn Verein and the Melbourno Kranken Verein (sick and relief society) was celebrated on the 1st inst., by a dinner and ball at Messrs. Carl- sen and nansen's Excelsior Hotel, Bourke street. The day was the ninth anniversary of the Turn Verein, and the seventh of the Kranken Verein. Mr. G. Wenzel, the presi- dent of the Turn Verein, occupied the chair ¡ and Mr. F. Gelbrecht, president of the Kran- ken Verein, tho vice-ch"air. About 100 per- sons sat down to dinner. The Aveyron, n.I.F. Majesty's steam troop- ship, which put into this port on her way to New Caledonia, sailed for Noumea, New Caledonia, on the 1st inst. During her stay here she was visited by a largo number of the pjnblic ; and, although not precisely a man-of-, war vessel, she excited al most as. much curiosity among sight-seers during her brief visit as if she had been an armed frigate. It is pleasing to record that her officers, as well as those on board belonging to the Imperial military, ser- vice, prior to theirdepartuie expressed them- selves in terms of polite praise for tho courtesy and attention shown thom while in Victoria. , Cobalt ore, to the extent of ten tons and a half, has,been shipped from Adelaide for London-a portion of it direct, and tho re- mainder via Melbourno. The oro was from the Cartarfo Mine, and is tho first shipment of any consequence. On the afternoon of April 29 a largo num- ber of Germans assembled on board the Bremen ship Helene, Captain Raschen, > to celebrate the hoisting of the commercial Hag of tho North German Confederation for tbe first time in Hobson's Bay. Tho proceed- ings commenced with the singing of tho " Deutsche Bundes Elaggo" (the standard song), composed by Ernest, Duke of Saxe Coburg, atter which tho new flag was duly hoisted, amidst hearty cheering and saluting, not only from those assembled on board,, but also from the neighbouring vessels. The com- pany afterwards adjourned to tho cabin, where a cold collation had been provided by Cnptuin Raschen, and success was drunk to the new colours and to the captain of tho ship, in bumpers of champagne, both toasts being cheerfully responded to. The members of tho Liedertafel rendered a number of German songs during the afternoon. Dr. Nicolson, the district coroner for Kil- more, died rather suddenly at Seymour about three weeks ago, while out on business con- nected with his professional duties. It ap- ' pears that the deceased gentleman wont to bed at Guild's Royal Hotel on Wednesday night, apparently in his usual health and spirits, and was found dead in his bed on the following morning. Active preparations aro being made on tbo Murray for the resumption of the river navi- gation as soon as the winter rains shall have ? raised the level of the river sufficiently for the purpose. An ode, bearing upon the attempted assas- sination of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, written by the Rev. Dr. Bromby, has been set to music by Mr. J. Summers, Mus. Bac, Oxon. It is proposed to perform tho work at a concert to bo given in aid of the funds for the "Alfred Memorial," on tho Queen's birthday. Some time ago the newspapors published a report that a cabman named Richard Jolley had been notified by letters from home of his having come into the possession of a large fortune. The firm of solicitors who acted for him now write to the papers to say that, having made inquiries, >thoy find that no money is coming to Jolley from tho quarter spoken of ; their reason tor publishing this statement being because they leam that Jolley has been obtaining money upon these îepresentations, and the statement that the solicitors in question aro acting for him. A curious case has occurred in the Western District, where 18,000 sheep infected with scab hnvo been found by tho sheep-inspector running about Lake Condon. The inspector instituted proceedings against the supposed owner of the sheep, who, liowovcr, repudiated his ownership, the supposed reason being to avoid the payment of the fine to which ho would bo liable. Tho consequence is that this large number of sheep are disowned on all sides, and the very troublesome question is laised as to what should be done with thein. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. After a two months' interregnum, respon- sible government has been re- established ; and if the Lower House can be prevailed upon to adopt the reasonable course of passing the Darling grant in a separate measure, the unsatisfactory condition of affairs which has so long existed may be quietly and speedily brought to a close. Mr. Sladen has succocdod in forming a Ministry from the ranks of the late Opposition, whoso policy it will be, after first obtaining supplies, to allow the grant to Lady Darling to bo passed by tho Assembly in a separate bill, in which form there is little doubt it will bo accepted by the Legislative Council. While all tho mem- bers of the new Cabinet still entertain such strong objections to the vote that they will not consent to bring it forward as a Government measure, yet in the spirit of compromise, and with tho view of once more restoring harmony, and of avoiding tho evil consequences of a further stoppago of public payments, they aro prepared to offer every facility for the passing of the grant in a separate bill. If agreed to in this form by the Legislativo Assembly, it is believed that the vote will be accepted-in the samo spirit of compromise that has dictated the policy of the new Administration--by the Legislative Council. In what manner the Assembly will receive the proposition it is difficult to fore- tell, though it is declared by the partisans of the late Ministry that the inclusion of tho grant in the Appropriation Bill will be in- sisted on. How this can bo done it is not so easy to show, for, as the Minister of Lands pointed out, when addressing his constituents at Ballin at the other night, the grant cannot even bo discussed in tho Assembly without a message fiom His Excellency, and the Governor has firmly made up his mind that such a messago should not bo sent except on the understanding that the giant should bo placed in a separate bill. Tho Assembly/- Mr Gillies pointed out, had no means of- forcing the Crown, and the only way to escapo from the difficulty was to adopt tho compromiso offered by_ tho Government. Parliament, however, is to be formally opened on tho 29th inst., and it wil then be seen what posi- tion tho majority in tho Lower House intend to take. Taking the political events of the month in chronological order, wo commence with the meeting of Parliament (adjourned from the 23rd) on the 28th April. Up to that time nothing furthor had been dono by tho Governor to obtain fresh advisers, as appears from the following memorandum to thoChiof Secretary, which was tho only information His Excellency was able to otford tho Legis- lature : MEMORANDUM FOll THE HOX. THE CHIEF SCORE TAiir. "The Governor informs the bon. the Chief Secretary that he bos not, since tho date one p.m. this day-of his last memorandum, hud an oppottunity of even consulting any gentleman with the view of forming a new Administration. He will, of course, take this step without delav. But, meanwhile, he re- quests tho hon. tue Chief Secretary to make known to both Houses of tho Legislature his regret that ho is unablo to open Parliament to-day, and that he cannot, of course, hopo to bo able to do so at all events for Borne days. " J. II. T. MANNEIIS SUTTON. "28th April, 1868, 3 p.m." It had been arranged at a meeting of tho supporters of tho M'Culloch Administration tliat there should bo no opposition raised to the postponement, which it was known His Excellency would ask for, and in tho Asscm Wy therefore the motion for adjournment was agreed to without comment. But in the Council strong opinions wero expressed by Messrs. O'shanassy, Strachan, and Anderson, that quite sufficient time had been given, and that His Excellency should now take, somo decided course of action." At the same time Seve/ral honourable members expressed a be- lief that, whilst the.Darling grant would never be passed by the Council in the Appropriation Bill, it would, in deference to tho wishes of tho country, bo assented to in a separate measure. Amongst others, Mr. O'shanassy objected strongly to any further delay. Ho remarked,, that to invite him to come to the House, week after week, for no purpose was asking him for a degree, of Courtesy which must terminate somo'time. He did not think ho was (wanting in tho smallest degree in respect to the Crown or its representative, but he thought it wai only right that they should inform the representa ti\ e of the Crown that the late proceedings wero something approaching to, if not ac- tually, trifling with them as public men. i The document which had just bsun lead, stating that the Governor had had no opportunity ot consulting any gentleman, at the end of seven weeks, was so small an amount of informa- tion that it did appear to be trilling with a public body ; and bo took this opportunity of merely expressing that opinion in order that, if the opinions of lion, members concurred with his, it might go forth to the public and the representative, of the Crown. It was not until the 2nd of May that His Excellency took any decided step. On that day he sent for Mr. Follows, ano\ also for Mr. Sladen"whom he commissioned to form an jAdministiation on the conditions previously proposod. On the 5th inst.; when ParUameùt again met, some progress liad been mado to- wards the formation of »Ministry, but as the whole of the preliminaries hod not; yet boon settled, the House adjourned until the follow- ing day, when Mr. MacMahon announced that a new Ministry had been formed, consisting i of the following :-Mr. Sladen, Chief Secie tary ; Mr. Fellows, Minister of Justice | Mr. M'Donnell, Attoiney-Goneral ; Mr. Langton, Treasurer ; Mr, Gillies, Minister of Lands; Mr. Bayles, Commissioner of Trade and Cus- toms ; Mr. Kerferd, Minister of Mines ; and Mr. O'Grady, Commissioner of Public Works. Before the motion was put for the adjourn- ment of the House until the 29th inst., to en- able the members who had accepted oflico to go beforo their constituents for re-elec- tion, the correspondence which ' had taken place between His Excollency and the seve- ral members of both Houses, whom ho had consulted with the .view of forming a new Administration, was read. The public learned very little from those lettors and minutes beyond what they already know, but u great deal of amusement was caused by the reading of the following memorandum from Mr. Fraser, containing advice which it ap- peared had been offered by the bon. gentío man without any invitation from His Ex- cellency : "Mr. Fraser has tho honour to inform His Excellency the Governor that several mem- bers of the Legislative Council have conferred with each other, with a view of putting an end, if possible, to the present unhappy posi- tion of the public affahs. 'The result of this conference is, that some gentlemen who havo hoon opposed hitherto to the ' Darling grant' in any shape have.promised to abstain from voting against, although thoy could not sup Ëort it. Mr. Fraser has also to inform His IxceUency that he has in his possession a document, of which he sends a copy hero .with, to which the. names of seven (7) mera ibers are attached. Ho has also further > to 'inform His Excellency that he has, in addi- tion, positive promises from four (4) other members to vote for the bill in the form pro- posed hy the memorandum, to which, how- ever, they prefer not attaching their sigrta tures. ' ' " His Excelloncy will also understand that five of the gentlemen usually supporters of the Govornment havoc not1 been ? consulted, Mr. Fraser assuming that thoir support may be calculated upon, ii '. ' ' ' . ' '-Mr. Fraser considers it necessary to inform the Governor that the dbcumont of which copy is sent is considered by those who have signed it to be, as between themselves, of a strictly private character ; but Mr. Fraser has had an opportunity this" morning of consult- ing with the majority of them, and he has their pel mission to make the present com- munication to His Excellency, with the hopo that it may be of use to him under the pie sent emergency. "Melbourne, Thursday afternoon, April 30." 1 COPY MEMO. " 'Be it enacted by the Queen'3 Most Excel- lent Majesty, by and with tho advice and consent of the Legislotive Council and tho Legislative Assembly of Victoria in this pre- sent Parliament assembled, and by the autho- rity of the same, as follows : '"That the sum of £20,000 be granted to Lady Darling out of the consolidated revonuo of the colony.' "If the Lady Darling grant be submitted to the Legislative Council by a separato bill, in the above form, the undersigned members o£ the Legislative Council are prepared to vote for it." It is needless to say that His Excellency could not adopt this plan of escaping from the difficulty, since any recommendation with respect to the form which a proposed grant should assume in its passage through tho Legislature must emanate, as His Exoollency pointed out, from a member of the Legisla- tive Assembly. Tho task of forming an Ad- ministration, however, was offered to Mr. Fi oser, a duty which the bon. gentleman de- clined in all haste. It will not bo necossary to givo all tho coi respondenco which took place during tho two months occupied by His Excellency in endeavouring to form a now Admininistra tion, much of it being of merely a formal nature, but some of tho more important documents may be quoted. The minute fiom Mr. M'Culloch, acknowledging the re- ceipt, through His Excellency, of the Sécré- tai y Of State's despatch of the 1st January, explaining the position taken up by the late Administration, and tho reply of His Excel- lency, which was followed by the resignation of the Government, have already been pub- lished. It will bo rcmombored that when this event took place, His Excellency com- municated immediately with Mr. Fellows and with Mr. O'shanassy. What transpired at the interview is stated in tho following memorandum from Mr. Fellows : "Mr. Fellows presents his duty to tho Go- vernor ; and referring to the proposition made by Mr. Fellows on Friday last, and to the interview with which His Excellency favoured Mr. O'shanassy, and himself on Satuiday, begs to «tato that he is willing to undertake the task of formiug an Adminis- tration on íeceiving His Excellency's assur- ance that if, from any refusal of supplies, or other hostile vote, tho new Ministry should deem it necessary, in furtherance of the duties which they undertake to dissolve the Legis- lative Assembly, the power lo do so will bo given to thom. This condition Mr. Fellows, under the present extraordinary complication of public afiairs, regards as indispensable. "Mr. Fellows would observe that His Excel- lency's present advisers have alieady dissolved the Legislativo Assembly threu times during their four and a half yoars' tenure of office ; and as lie undeistands that the Governor is unwilling aguin to dissolve, except os a last resouico, he begs, under the circumstances, to submit to Uif, Excollency the propriety of communicating to the present Ministry tho views which Mr. O'shanassy and Mr. Fellows entertain. " March 17, 1808." In compliance with Mr. Follows's request, His Excellency transmitted a copy of the memorandum to tho Chief Secretary, and re- ceived the following dictatorial íeply : MINUTE rou HIS EXCELLENCY THE GOVKKKOK. "Air. M'Culloch has the honour to acknow- ledge the receipt from His Excellency the Governor of a memorandum, dated the 17th instant, signed by Mr. Fellows, and which His Excellency has transmitted in accordance with Mr. Fellows' suggestion. "2. As nis Excellency has merely trans- mitted the memorandum, and has not asked for advice upon it, Mr. M'Cullochis at a loss to understand with what object it has been communicated to bim. " 3. Mr. M'Culloch and his colleagues have resigned, and Mr. Fellows has been requested to form a Government. The difficulties which lie experiences must have been under- stood and anticipated by every .member of the party of which Mr. Fellows is the representa- tivo ; for his task is to carry on tho Govern- ment against a majority of the Legislativo Assembly. Mr. Fellows says that, before ho attempts this, it is indispensable that he should have tho assurance of the Governor that lie shall bo entrusted with tho power of dissolution in the event of 'any refusal of supplies, or other hostile vote.' So far as Mr. Mcculloch is aware, this introduction of the principle of political life assurance is as novel as it is utterly unwarrantable in tho prosent case. "The Legislative Askembly is dissolved that the opinion of tho constituencies may bo ob- tained. This has been done already, and the newly-elected Assembly bos not yot met. In Mr. M'Culloch's opinion, it would bo an abuse of the Governor's power to di*jolvo Parliament for any other reason or pur- pose than to take the opinion of the people. If His Excellency is to be advised, to grant the power of dissolution hi tho ovent of any hostfle .vote,' the leprescntative of the Crown will bo made the means of coercing ! the reprcsqntativo fyranch of the Legislature. " Mr. M'Culloch docs not believe that tho threat of ' penal dissolution ' would make the Assembly betray its trust ; and he is well assured that, if the country wero again ap- pealed to, it would repeat the answer it has just given. But it is a serious, and even dangerous proposal, that any Government should be permitted to inllucnce the delibera- tions of Pailiament by such moans. " 4. Mr. M'Culloch docs not perceive the object of the concluding paragraph of Mr. Fel- low s' memorandum. One of tho three disso- lutions which havo occurred during tho last five years' was by effiuxion of timo, and the other two wero forced upon the Assembly by the Legislative Council. Tho fact that there have been thiec dissolutions in four years and a half does not appear to be a very con- clusive reason why thcio should bo another now. " 5. Mi. M'Culloch makes theso observa tionslcsthis silence should be misunderstood. , He is satisfied that His Excellency will not sanction a dissolution which cannot bo justi- fied by precedent, and theonly object of which would bç to harass the Legislative Assembly into unconstitutional submission to tho authority of the Legislative Council in mattcis of finance. " JAMES M'CULLOCII. ' " Chief Secietary's Office, Melbourno, March 19,1808." His Excellency's answer was little moro than a formal acknowledgement of the memo landum. It was in the following terms : " March 19,1868, C.30 p.m. " The Governor has lcceivcd the memoran- dum of this day's date, signed by the Chief Secretary. Mr. M'Culloch correctly states that, in transmitting to him, at Mr. Follows' suggestion, his (Mr. Fellows') memorandum, the Governor did not ask for advico respect- ing it, and he thinks that it would be inex- pedient for him to express any opinion, or to offer any observation, on the subject referred to in the memorandum of the Chief Secretary. "ThoGovcrnor would,if theChief Secretary should express a wish to that effect, be pre- pared to transmit a copy of that memorandum to Mr. Fellows ; but he does not himselt see îeosons to believe that any public benofit would accrue from this step, which he will not take unless by the express desiro of the Chief Secretary. " J. H. T. M. S." Wo next come to the correspondence which passed between His Excellency and Mr. Kiddell, when the task of forming an Ad rainistiation, which had been declined by Mr. Fellows, was undertaken by that gentleman. It contains, however, nothing worthy of îepro duction. In a communication to Mr. M'Culloch, dated the 10th April, His Excellency-who had in the raeantimo communicated without lesultvvith Mi. Sladen-gives his reasons for making Mi. A'Bcckctt the means of commu- nicating certain despatches to the Legislative Council. The minute is to the following, effect : 1 ' The Governor transmits to tho honourable the Chief Secretary, foi the information of himself and his colleagues, copies of despatches according to the annexed schedule, addressed to and íeceived fiom the Secretary of State by the Governor, respecting the pioposed grant to Lady Darling, and the non- enactment of an Appropriation Act. "It will be observed that the despatch of the Secretary of State of the 1st February, No. 9, is iii point of fact the reply to the address "to HerMnjesty adopted by tho Legislative Council, and transmitted by the Governor last November to tho Societary of State. That despatch, therefore, should be, in the first instance, and as speedily as possible, com- municated to those to whoso address it is the reply. And as the Governor could not pro- pel ly transmit it now, or until ho shall have opened Parliament, to the Legislativo Council in theil legislativo capacity, ho has authorised Mr. A'Beckett, himself a member of that House, to whom he has entrusted the com- mission of making such Ministerial arrange- ments as will enablo him to opon Parliament, to communicate its contents to tho othor members of that branch of tho Legislature. "This communication will not, of course, supeisedo tho necessity of transmitting with a message to the Legislative Council, as soon ' as Parliament shall Tiavo been opened, a copy of the despatch. But when this communica- tion has been made, and bearing in mind the very exceptional circumstances of the case, there will not, as far as tho Governor is aware, be any valid objection to the publication in the Q&zctle;, if it should bo deemed expedient, of tho despatch referred to, with the other despatches. " J. H. T. MANNERS SUTTON. "April 15, 1808." Mr. M'Culloch replied as follows : "Mr. M'Cullocn has to acknowledge tho receipt of His Excellency tho Governor's memorandum of tho 15th instant, with tho accompanying copies of certain despatches. "Mr. M'Culloch begs to suggest that these despatches should be published, without delay. " JAMES, M'CULLOOII. "Chief Secretary's Offico, April 10,1868." In a communication to Mr. A'Beckett, His Excellency further explained that tho course wh ich he took was adopted bocauso " it was un- derstood that tho particular despatch, which is in point of fact the reply to tho address of November last of the Legislativo Council to Her Majesty, should bo communicated to tho members of that Houso by Mr. A'Beckett preliminarily to its publication for goneral information. Tho next minute of importanco is tho fol- lowing from His Excelli'iicy to Mr. M'Cul- loch, m which it is pointed out that any Ap- propriation Bill containing tho Darling grant would be necessarily rejected by tho Coun- cil: " MEMORANDUM FOR THE HON. TUE CHIEF SECRE- TAR Y. " The Governor informs tho Chief Secretary that he has consulted, successively, for tho purpose of forming a now Administration, Mr. Fellows (with whom, at Mr. Follows* suggestion, Mr. O'shanassy was associated), Captain MacMahon, Mr. Bear, Mr. Riddell, and (at his suggestion) Mr. Macpherson in conjunction with him, Mr. Sladen, Mr. A'Beckett, and, subsequently, for the second time, both Captain MacMahon and Mr. Sladen ; and ho has thus, with tho viow of relieving Mr. M'Culloch and his collcagues from the responsibilities of office, placed himself in communication, but without avail, with gentlemen, members of both Houses, representing every shade of opinion on tho question at issue between tho two delibera- tivo branches of the Legislature " The Governor would observe that, in his communications with these gentle* men, he has never sought to impose any restrictions on the opinions or conclusion» at which they might arrive with respect to tho proposed grant to Lady Darling. On the contrary, he has, on each occasion, distinctly stated that, while it would bo inconsistent with his duty to tho Crown to deviate from the instructions of the Secretary of Stato, in his despatch of tho 1st January, 1808 (No. 1), yet that he was, as ho is, prepared, as tho re- presentativo of the Crow n, to assent to any decision on this question which.might bu_ concurred in by the other two branches of the Legislature ; and having, in tho course of theso communications, had au opportunity of learning the views of botli Houses (and, especially, on separate occasions, of four dif- ferent members of tho Legislativo Council), lepresenting every shado of opinion on tho subject, ho thinks it right to state, for tho in- formation of the Chief Secretary and his col- leagues, that he cannot entertain tho slightest doubt that the Legislativo' Council would, under existing circumstances, inevitably re- ject any Appiopriation Bill (general) in which the proposed grant to Lady Darling might bo included ; and that, therefore, oven tho abro- gation by tho Secretary of Stato of tho in- structions above referred to, would not load to a settlement of the question. (Signed) " J. H. T. MANNERS SUTTON. A April 20,1868." In reply to this Mr. M'Culloch transmitted tho following : " MINUTE FOI! 1I1H EXCELLENCY ÏIIE OOVEUNOn. " The Chief Secretary has the honour to ac knowledge the receipt of His Excellency's memorandum of the 20th instant. "2. Mr. M'Culloch and his colleagues regret to learn from the Governor's communication, that those who, by op^o"smg,theA*toprojiriatiO-rt Bill of 1867, and by ref- Sivigsupplies pending, an appeal to the country upon the question | in dispute, brought about the-jnosent [em- barrassing state of public affairs, should hafee refused to accept the constitutional responsi- bility they thus inclined ; and that while His Excellency has exhausted, without success, the constitutional means at his disposal for relieving-his MrmsterV from office, ho is unable to remove the difficulties which com- pelled their resignation. "3. Not only do these difficulties remain,, but they have increased and multiplied. For, while in March it seemed possible that the Appropriation Bill of 1867 might have Tieen proposed to Parliament at least once more, it now appears that His Excellency, with'the information now possessed byhiin respecting the views of the Legislative Council, would not feel Jiimself justified in taking that course. ' ' 4. The offect of the Duke of Buckingham's despatch of the 1st of January was t vofold. In the first place,, it appeared \o invado the principles of responsible governmeht, by ío quiring an understanding Which responsible Ministers could not'make, and to fatter the discretion of the Legislativo Assembly as to the forms of its bills of supply ; and, in the second place, it mado it all but hopeless to re-submit to tho Legislative Council the Ap- propriation' Bill of last year. These consi- derations alone induced the Cabinet to foiego that which would otherwise have been their first duty. ' , ' " 5. But tho Governor inform^' Mr. M Ciil loch, 'that in the couisc of his communica- tions he has had an opportunity of learhing the,views of members of both Houses (ana cspcciallyV'ori pepaTate occasions, of fouï dit-, feient members of the Legislative Council), representing every shade of opinion, on the suDject, he thinks it right to state, foi- the in- formation of the Chief Secretary and his col- leagues, that ho cannot entertain the slightest douht that the. Legislative Council would, undei existing circumstances, inevitably roject any Appropriation Bill (general) in which the proposed grant to Lady Darling might be in- cluded,' and ' that, therefore, the abrogation of the despatch above referred to would not lead to' a settlement of the question.' Itt must, therefore, be understood that the, Legislative Council will not yield to the 'will' of the people upon a question which Her Majesty s Government has declared must be locally decided, and that the appeal, Which in England would be íegarded as conclusive, in Victoria is to be without effect. Thero is then no final authority to which all the branches of, the Legislature of Victoria aro contdnt to defer, and thero seems to he no escape from the conclusion that the Constitu- tion, as interpreted by the Legislative Coun- cil, has failed to provide airy adequate romedy for the existing complications. For this and for ?whatever other evil consequences may spring from it, Mr.'M'Culloch and'his colleagues cannot bo responsible, and they, therefore, beg leave to repeat their request that His Excellency will be pleased to accept their re- signation. ""JAMES M'CULLOCH. " Chief Secretary's Office, Melbourne, April 22, 1868." The final communication of His Excellency to his late advisers, was soon afterwards lfiade. It was as follows :- , " MEM. Full THE HON. THE CHIEr SEOItETAUY. " The Governor has, as the hon. the Chief Secretary and his colleagues aro aware, had Tinder his most attentive Consideration the memorandum signed by tho Chioi Secretary ?of the 22nd April, and as ho, has discoveied from his repeated, and indeed continuous, intercommunications with the Chief Secre- tary that the Chief Secretary regards himself as unable to offer any advice which the Go- vernor could accept, the Governor now re- gards himself as having no other option than to recommence his endeavours to relievo Mr. M'Culloch and his colleagues from office by the formation of a new Administration. " April28,1 p.m." "J. n. T. M. S. Amongst tho correspondence is a commu- nication from His Excellency t'o Mr. Fellows, in which ho informs that getitloman in the following terms that ho cannot givo him the power asked for of dissolving thó As- sembly : "Mr. Follows will bear in mind'that, in requesting him to undertake tho duty, of forming a now Administration, the Governor did not attach any condition to the offer theh made by him, for the Governor now regards, as he has heretofore throughout the existing contioversy on the question of the proposed giant to Lady Darling regarded, that ques- tion as one to be locally decided, and on which it is not desirable that the Governor should, as the representativo of the Crown, express any opinion whatever. " The Governor learns with regret that Mr. Fellows regards, as an indispensable pre- liminary to his acceptance of office, an assur- ance from the Governor that, in the event of a refusal of supplies, or other hostile vote, the Legislative Assembly would he dissolved on the advice of the Government. The Governor would rcmaik upon this subject that the expediency of a dissolution must, .under any and all circumstances, depend materially, if not principally, on tho condi- tion of affairs at tho particular time when tho question is considered; and, without entering into any discussion of the various important questions which would necessarily bo raised by a recommendation for a dissolu- tion, at the present, or at any early period, ho must inform Mr. Fellows that he is unable to give the assurance which Mr. Fellows has requested." ' The rcrily of Mr. MacMahon( who was tho next member of the Opposition communi- cated with, to His Excellency's invitation to form an Administiation, may hore bo given : " In obedience to tho wish expressed by His Excellency the Governor that a written reply should bo foi warded to tho invitation to form a new Administration with which Captain MacMahon was honoured by His Excellency, Captain MacMahon begs respectfully to in- form His Excellency that, having been a party to an understanding that, without an assuranco from His Excellency of tho samo activo support as has been afforded to tho existing Ministry (to the extent, if advised, of a dissolution), it would not ha desirable that an attempt should bo mado by tho Opposition to form an Administration which would in- herit tho extraordinary liabilities contracted by His Excellency's present advisers (and which it has been the custom to provide for prior to retirement fiom office). Captain MacMahon could not, in justice to the party with which ho has acted, and to the gentleman selected by His Excellency as its lepreson tativo, undertake a task which the Hon. Mr. Follows, in conjunction with the Hon. Mr. O'shanassy, agreed to perform on receiving an assurance of such'support from His Excel lencj'. " Brighton, March 21,1868." Our extracts from this correspondence may close with tho memorandum m which His Excellency renewed his invitation to Mr. Sladon, which îcsulted in the formation of the present Ministry. This was tho thhd timo Mr. Sladen had been sent for, Mr. Mac- Mahon having twico been unsuccessfully com- municated with. The communication upon which Mr. Sladen proceeded to foi m his Ad- ministiation was as follows : " MKMOHANDUM TOR THE HON. MU. SLADE». "Tho correspondence which has passed bo tween tho Governor and tho various gentle- men with whom ho has been in communica- tion since his last interview with Mi. Sladen, with the viow of being placed in a position to open Parliament, anu to apply lor the sup- plies so uigently requhed for accumulated and current demands on tho Treasury, is at the disposal of Mr. Sladen, for his informa- tion. "In recurring to Mr. Sladen for his advice and assistance, the Governor does not seek to impose any preliminary restrictions or condi- tions on him as to the advico ho may tondcr cither now or horeaf ter. And ho trusts that Mr. Sladen will at onco accept the invitation now offered to him to form a now Administra- tion., "J.n. T. M. S. "May 2,1868,11.30 a.m. "N.B.-Placed by me in Mr. Fellows's hands, at the above-mentioned hour. " J. II. T. M. S." Mr. MacMahon, who lead that portion of tho correspondence which took placo betweeu the Governor and the mcmbeis of his own party, explained that ho had been unable to co-oporato with Mr. Sladon in the formation of a Ministry, in conscquenco of the opinion ho ontcitaincd, that, irrespective of any other question, any Government going into oflico should take up as a Government question the proposition to include the Lady Darling grant in a sepáralo bill. The bon. member went on to say that, although ho might havo differed with hon. members opposite in many things in connexion with this subject, ho cordially agreed with thom in this, that tho inteiferenco which had been experienced from tho Colonial Oflico was to be doprecated in the highest degree This expression of opinion was received on all Bides of the Ilouto with warm applause, which was ro nowed as tho lion, member went on to say that he believed that tho difficulties we wcio now labouring under, and the removal of which might take some considerable time, wete attributable to^ tho gross vacillation of the Colonial Office,1, and to the unnecessary ipterfcrençe of ¡that "office in^-petty details' » affecting/ the government Of thisv colony. After Mr. Riddell had made an apology for having taken up so much time in his fruitless ^endeowiurs to form an Administratioivwhich he explained had been owing to his'anxiety to bring about a settlement of the question by effecting a compromise, the House, in compliance with the wishes of the Govern- ment, adjourned until Friday, the 29th May. THE NEW MINISTRY. - I Of course, tho merits of the new Ministers have been freely discussed, and some infor- > mation respecting their previous Parliamen- tary careers may with 'propriety be furnished. The Hon! 6. Sladen,'M.L C.,-the Chief Secre- tary,! 's IuxI°'(i colonist, and has been identi- fied wita the colony's history from a very ¿oily date. He was a memberi of 'tho old ' Legislativo Council, and at different times since has occupied a seat in both branches of the Legislature. Ho is at tho present time a mombor of the Legislativo Council. Mr. E. ' Langton, the treasurer,' though a colonist of slome sixteen yeaTs'i experience,'took no pro- minent part in public lire until 1866, when he ' ' was returned to ¡the Legislative Assom-, bly.nas'a Free-trade member,'' by the bon-' stituency of East Melbourne.' He has dis- tinguished liimself considerably in debate, and has proved a most valuable member. The'Minister of Justice, Mr. Fei'ows, has long occupied tho leading position at,the Vic- torian bar,t and is lecognised as one of the ablest membeis of his piofession. Ho has previously held office as Solicitor-General and Attorney-General, and has been a member of both branches of the" Legislature. He was the leodor ot tho Opposition in the1 Legislative Council during the recent struggle between 'the two Houses on'the tariff and Darling questions : but at the last general election he considered it his duty tobóme forward as a candidate for tho Assembly. ' He stood for St. Kilda with Mr. Aspinall, and was returned' at the head of the poll Mr M'Donnell is as yet unknown in'political life, but ho is be- lieved to be a 'sound and experienced lawyer. The Minister of'Lands, Mr. Gillios, and the Minister of Public Works, Mr. O'Giady, are both experienced "legislators, having been members of the 'Assembly for a number of lyeaTs. Mr. Bayles, tho Commissioner of Cus- toms, did not'ontdr Parliament'until 1864, whenhe was leturncd for Villiers and Heytes- bury, ¡which «oustituoncy he 'has represented ever since. In 18G5, Mr. Bayles, who was elected a member'of tho City Council in 1861, became mayor of Melbourno. Finally, the I Minister of i Mines, -Mr. Kerferd, who is by profession a barrister, has been a member of the Assembly since 1864, when he was re- turned for tho Ovens, the district-' ho íepresented at tho .time of his accept- ance of office. ' The re-olection of all Mr. Sladen's colleagues1 > seems tolerably cer- tain. Ho liimself mot with no opposition, and has already been declared duly elected. The Treasurer and. Ministor of Justice have also been returned unopposed. Tho Minister of Lands, however, mil havo to contest the Ballarat election with MT. C. E Jonos, and tho Commissioner of Public Works, at South Bourke, has an opponent in the person of Mr. J. B. Crews, who, as well as Mr. Jones,' was i ejected at the last general election. The two Ministers have both hold, a number of highly successful meetings in their respectivo districts, and the result is scarcely-doubtful. The Attorney- General and Commissioner of Customs standforthosameconstituoncy-that of Villiers and Heytesbury, and only one candi- date, who has ^littlo chanco of sucboss, has been nominated against them. Mr. Graham Berry opposes the íeturn of the Minister of Mines at the Ovens, but considering the posi- tion which Mr. Kerferd .occupied at the re- cent geneial election, there i is evoiy proba- bility that ho, together with,the rest of his colleagues, will regaiu hisiseat. Altogether the opposition to tho return of Ministers may be described as being extremely feeble, and notwithstanding all the efforts of tho adverse party out of doors, no enthusiasnl on the sub- ject can be got up. The so-called Loyal Liberal Refoim Association, which wasan auguiatcd at a meeting held: at St. George's hall, Melbourne,! has bcem making dé- monstrations in differenti parts ot > the country, but. tho' meetings, as a rule, Tiavo been poorly attended, and the pio ceedings havo gone off very tamely.» An ad- dress to tho Qovernori in which the claims of , that section of i the. Legislative; .»Assembly; re- presented by the. Al'Culloch, paity aro surged upon His Excellency, with the advice that he sh ould invite his responsible advisers to under- take the alteration of the Constitution so as to place the Legislative Council m the position they desire it to occupy, has been adopted' at the val ious meetings ¡which have been held, but the Association has done little to advance tho object for which it was established. Tile formation of a Constitutional Asso- ciation, which has beon in contemplation for some little time, ihas beon successfully ac- complished. A meeting was held i early m the month, when it was resolved that an association should be established for the fol- lowing objecte :-"1. The government of the colony according to law, and in conformity with the recognised principles of the Con- stitution. 2. The eftecting of all changes windi experience may prove to be desirable in tho Constitution or tho laws of tho colony by the regular and .legitimate means piovided by the Constitution itself. t 3. The administiation of public affairs for tho benefit of tho community as a whole ; and not with a view to tho advantage of any pai ticular, class, sect, or party. 4. Tho main- tenance of^the British connexion, and tho ,duo recognition of tho fact that the Queen is one of the three branches of the Legislature of Victoria." Tho means which it is proposed the association should employ to cany out tho abovo objects aro :-.' 1. Careful attontion to the registration of electois, and a systematicre vision of the rolls throughout tho colony. 2. Affording information to electois, with a view of inducing thein to take a moie activo in teiçst m public affairs ; and to discharge their duty, byiecording their votes at every elec- tion. 3. Establishing and co-opoiating with local committees in every provinco, and in each electoral district. 4. Promoting tho le turn of men of character and ability to both Houses of Parliament, as the best guarantee of good government." THE SPEECHES OF THE NEW MINISTERS. Tho two principal addresses deliverod by the members of the new Government now before their constituents seeking re-election, have proceeded norn Mi. Gillies the Minister of Lands, and'Mr. O'Grady, tho Minister of Public Works. Mr. Sladen, the Chiet Secre- tary ; Mr. Fellows, the Minister of Justice ; and Mr. Langton, the Treasurer, wore elected without opposition, and did not find it necessary to address their constituents. On Saturday, tho 10th inst., Mr. Gillies ad- dressed a crowded meeting of tho electors of Ballarat West, in the Mechanics'-hall. Ho inst pointed out tho circumstances which had led to tho advent of the new Ministry. Ho observed that the M'Culloch Ministry wero not driven from office byan adverse voto in tho Assembly, but because they vveio attempting to admintstei the affairs of the colony in an unconstitutional manner. They had first tried to coorco the Council. Then they tried to force tho Governor to violate his instructions, but, finding this impossible, they had been compelled to retire. The contest, therefore, was now between the Ciown and tho majority in the Assembly. "Many of you aro aware (saidMr. Gillies) that, according to our Constitution Act, tho Legis- lative Assembly cannot oven consider or entertain any question having reference to voting money except it is recommended by message from tho Crown. If the Crown íefuses to send down tho message, tho As- sembly cannot oven consider tho question or cntcitaiu it. That is tho stato of the law, and thu Ciown ip this caso refuses, accord- ing to the Constitution Act, to send down a message, except upon tho distinct under- standing that tho grant is not sent to tho Legislativo Council except in a particular woy. (Hear, hear.) I should like to know by what means those who tako up tho posi- tion of insisting upon this grant being sent up in the Appropriation Bill, and in no othjr way, intend to accomplish their purpose. I think that, as reasonable and sensible men,' they ought to be prepared to look calmly on both sides of this question. In the pro sent instance, tho representativo of tho Crown refuses to move in tho matter except on the understanding named. (A Vo!co : 'Shovo him on,' and laughter.) Tho As- sembly cannot move in tho matter except ho gives them the opportunity. Under these ciicumbtances.whatis to bo done? (AVoico : ' Send him home.') Are tho people of tho colony prepared to stand still with their arras folded until tho lato Gnvernmcnt has fought out this quarrel with tho Imperial Govern- ment? ('Ko,' 'Yes,' and a cry of 'Unlock tho Treasury.") Gentlemen, tho question I ask is both an important and a serious ono. Aro tho peoplo of this colony propared to stand still, as they have been doing for a number of months, to have the Treasury locked up, to have the public works stopped, to havo the ?ftholo of the civil establishments of the colony unpaid-aie they prepared to continue this state of things until the late Government has fought out the quarrel with tho Imperial Government? (Reviewed cries of 'No', and'Yes.') Is thore anyjinan in this room who is aware of tho state ôf-things" which has existed for a number of months who is prepared to-advocate an indefinite continuance of that state of; things ? If, I"* understand that there is nd'óh'e'tfrcpareáró** advocate an indefinite continuance of this state of affairs, how aTc we to'get'rid 6f the present difficulty and unlock the Treasury ? I ' have heard some persons say that they would continuo the present state of affairs until the imperial Government is force'd to give !way. ' Now, gentlemen, it is hardly necessary to1 tell you 'that1 you mighfeontinue the1 pre- sent state of Ihings'intdr'minably, and that it would never in the slightest degree affect the ' Imperial Governments The only party whom it is possible to injure by prolohging the pre- sent ' statq of affairs is the colonists' them- selves. If a majority of the'eonstituencies are 1 determined to continuo tho present condition of- things, then there is no ho{)0 for it. , put I very much doubt whether there is a majority ' ' of the constituencies who ord prepared to con- tinue tthe existing state of 'affairs any longer. (Cheers.) I think, gentlemen', we have'had quite enough of this. I don't Know hardly any man who is prepared soberly and calmly to re- commend the continuance of the presentstato of affairs without the perfect knowledge that ho is doing irreparable injury to the best in-' terestsof the colony. (Cheers.) Itls unneces- sary, gentlemen, to uiscuss on the present occa- sion what has been the cause of all this diffi- culty. (' Oh, oh.') ' Unfortunately it is too late to discuss, that question. The difiiculty cxists, and the question arises., how aro we to' get ria of it? 1 entertain a firm conviction 'that it will never bo possible to'pass the 'Dalling grant in the annual Appropriation 'Bill. (Cheers.) I was firmly convinced of that at tho last general election, and my convictions on the subject have not been lessened by ox 'perience. Instead of now having a quarrel with the Legislative Gouncil, there has arisen a now difficulty in tho way, which no man evei anticipated. We know that a difficulty has been raised up from the fact that the late Government resigned because the difficulty vios there. (Hear, hear) The late Govern- ment retired voluntarily from office, becauso they found it impossible to accomplish their purpose. 'I ask if, because the late Govern- ment found it impossible to carry'the Darling giant in the Appropriation Bill, shall all legislation stop? If all legislation is not' to stop, we must begin some time. When and how shall we begin? I'am aware that many persons entertain the opinion that if the present Government were out of the way the Darling grant would then easily be passed in tho Appropriation Bill. I think it is well that that impression should be re-' moved as quickly as possible. If the present Government went out of office to-morrow ¡there would be no nearer approach to passing the Darling grant in the Appropriation Bill than thero was before they took office. > The difficulty that lies in tho way is a difficulty of another kind. The rcpii'sentative of the Crown in this colony has firmly made up his mind that, whatever be tho result, ho feels bound to adhere to the instructions received from the Imperial Government. (Cheers ; and a voice-'If wo let him.') If the representatives of tho colony are deter- mined that legislation and govornment shall stand still-that it shall be absolutely impossible-that may bo a matter of public re&ret; ; but it will not alter in the slightest degree the position which tho Governor thinks it his duty to take up." (Cheers.) After observing that those who urged the Governor to disobey his instructions woie íeaUy guilty of disloyalty, Mr. Gillies pro- ceeded to say,-" I should like to know whether it is the deliberate opinion of a /majority of this constituency that the Darling grant should be sent up in no other way but un the annual Appropriation Bill, and that all the business of the country should be stopped until that is done. I should like distinctly to understand whether that be so-(cries of ¡'Yes' and 'No')-because, gentlemen, I believe, if it is the deliberate conviction of a majority of the constituencies of this colony, we are very far indeed from ending this crisis ; but if it be tho opinion of tins and other con- stituencies that the crisis should end with the passing of the Darling grant in another way -(cheers and groans)-then I Bay the accom- plishment of that wish is very piobable. I, lot one, have all along, and during tho last election, acknowledged that, in the event of a majority of the constituencies of this colony deciding in favour of voting £20,000 to Lady Darling if it were sont up in a separate bill, the Legislativo Council would have no right to reject it. I recogniso the right of tho majority of the constituencies of this colony to say whether any question of public policy should be carried out or not. ' If a majority of tho constituencies of- this colony chose to grant £20,000 to Lady Darling, 01 to anybody else, they may do so ; and so long as the Imperial Government refuses to interfere in the mattei, there is no difficulty in carrying it out. I recognised at last general election tho right of tho majority of the constituencies of ithe colony to decide in favour of paying this money. I also recognise that the Imperial Government, so far as the voto itself is con- cerned, has refused to ' Interfere. That being so, I conceive that it would be the duty of the Legislative Council to pass the bill in the event of its being sent up to them. It has all along been my opinion-and my opinion is not now changed-that tho constituencies had a right to decide in tho matter so long as the Imperial Government refused to interfere. I believe that if a bill containing the Darling grant were sent up to the Legislative Council to-morrow by itself, it' would not reject it ; but I also believe that the Legislativo Council will never pass , the Darling grant in the annual Appropriation Bill (cheers) ; and not only so, but that tho Legislative Council will never have an opportunity of doing it." Proceeding to refer to the policy of the new Government, ho said,-"The most important pioposal which they intend to make to end tho deadlock is to free tho supplies. (Cheors.) >I undertake to say that there will bo no lack of opportunities-if the Legislativo Assembly ia so disposed-of sending up the Darling giant in a teparate bill. Tho Legislativo Assembly will havo roany oppoitunities afforded it of doing that if it thinks proper. If tho Assembly refuses to do that, it will be quito an immaterial matter whether this Go- vernment went into office for the purpose of proposing a compromiso or not, because if this Government had entered upon office with the view of proposing, a compromise, and the Assembly is determined to refuse a compromise, then the Government from that point of view cculd havo done no possible good. But if tho Assembly is prepared to listen to* a compromise, it will have plenty of opportunities of passing the grant in a separate bill ; and I believe there is not ,tho slightest doubt whatever that it would pass tho Legislative Council, and end our troubles, I, for ono, will not only havo no objections. to seo such a course adopted, but any assistance that I can givo for the purpose of bringing the diffi- culty to an end, I will bo most glad to afford, becauso I recogniso that under present ciicumstanccs it is an infinitely greater injury to the welfare and pro- sperity of this colony to continue as wo are doing, than to pass twenty such votes in scparato bills, I recognise that I have only a choice of two ovils. I am still as much op- posed in principio to this giant as ever I was ; but I recogniso that in matterp of politics, it two bodies are determined to stand, and neither will yield an inch, legislation and government become impossible. I am not prepared to bo ono of those parties. I am prepared to afford what I consider a fair and reasonable compromise, and oven to yield my own peisonal convictions upon this question for the sake of the greater good that I believe its settlement would do to the colony. If, on, tho other hand, the Opposition aro prepared to yield nothing, and to givo nothing, then, I say, on them rests the responsi- bility, and not on me." (Cheers.) Mr. Gil'ies then proceeded to make a brief reference to the land policy of tho Government Ho reminded the audience that tho next libeial clause in tho Land Act of 18G5 originated not with the lato Government, but with him- self and another member of the Assembly. He intimated that the Land Act would bo administered in the most liberal manner, and announced that the Government intended topioposc an extension of the principle of the 42nd clause, and also that the rents paid by freo selectors should go as part of the pur- chase-money. In conclusion he referred to the state of the water supply schemo and tho necessity of immediate expenditure, not only to completo that scheme, but to pre- vent what had already been constructed from going to decay. Mr. Gillies received a vote of confidence from tho meeting by a largo majority. On Monday, tho 18th, Mr. O'Grady ad- dressed a meeting of tho electors of South Bourke in the Town-hall, Hawthorn. After some introductory observations, he proceeded to say-"What is it that interfeies with the whole progress of public affairs in this com- munity? In 1865 the late Government com- menced a 6ystem of tactics to coerco the Upper House, in order to carry out their peculiar views in respect to the fiscal policy of the country. They followed out that course then, as far as they could, but wero obliged eventuallylto^succumb,-andlsendup their blU~tmtacked, so that Tiïifiniçoerccd opinion of the members of the Legislative Council might havo full weight and au- thority. | 'Again,"'whfrl \\{ke) late ,govern- ment" proposed5 to" rovvard their partisan, Sir Challes Darling, with a sum of money, they insisted on carrying that vote in a way which1 was clearly and unmistakably intended'' to ' show the Legislative Council that on all matters of public policy whero the expenditure of montiy' was 'concerned, the Legislative Assembly-or the majority 'or its members for the time being- should alone have full sway and authority. This being, in fact, a violation of the Constitution, the Legislative Council resisted it ; yet I firmly believe that if the late Government had done what is proposed to be done now, viz., sub- mit the grant to Sir Charles' or Lady Darling in the form of ' a separate measure, the j country,would have been spared a great deal I of' tbfe annoyance, distress, and min which have followed the course which the late'Ad- ! ministration 'insisted ' on taking. No one1' could' express himself more1 intensely hostile., ' to such A vote than I .myself havo done on this platform. I am utterly opposed to'the principle of it still J'because, as'I explained on a previous occasion,' if a 'gentleman sent out by the Qnèen 'to act as a neutral between different parties in the state is subject to be bribed and rewarded for tak- ing a partisan's part, the libei ties, the lives, ' and the propeity of the people are not safe.' (Cheers.) Having utteied these ©pinions, and desiring to udheie to them as firmjy as possible, I still must admit that, judging'from'what ti anepired 'at the1 recent elections in the mani- festations of public opinion, the time has come when, in order to restore quiet' and order,, peace and harmony, to our state of society, it would be well to adopt a sensible, wi$e, and proper compromise. We have had inflicted {upon us despatches of various kinds from I Downing-street, heard speeches from different representatives of public opinion in the Coun- try, and'the net result of all has been this that the Legislative Council have a right to express an opinion on such a measure as this . in a separate bill, i (Cheers.) I am for myself sorry tliat the present Government have not decided to take steps in respect to such a bill at once on its own account ; but at all events, the majority of the members of the present Administration are determined that not.the slightest impediment-on the con i trary, the amplest faciUties-^shaU'bo'offered ' to the passing of such a i measure, in accord- ance with the wishes of the bulle of the com- munity, in a separate form, and sending it to .the Legislative Council for their approval. (Applauso.) In following' that course, we shall, I believe, be acting in deference to the views and wishes of a great number, if not the majority, of lour fellow-icolonists. In dealing with such matters for the benefit of the country, it would bo unjust and improper on the pait of any section to hold out too' long ; and I for one am prepared to take a course which, as li hope, will effectually carry such a measiue through with the joint con- sent of boih Houses. (Cheers.) One' of the first essentials in carrying on government is the supply of funds for the conduct of the ? aflairs of the country. (A Voice-"iWe have waited long enough for that.") We have done so, indeed ; and tho question baa been put, what has this dispute over the £20¡000 grant cost the country ? It vi ill bo impossible for mo to convey accu- rately any idea of the amount of loss, and I may say disaffection, which has followed this discussion and dispute. This much I may venture to assert, viz., that twenty or thirty times £20,000 would not recompense the colony of Victoria for tho interference with business and progress, and the loss in money, which the affair has occasioned them. About one of tho first duties I felt bound to dis chaige in connexion with the office I havo the honour now-to fulfil was to ascertain in the Public Works department what amount of the public, money still remained unex- pended in respect to votes passed in Parlia- ment in furtherance of the progress and ad- vancement Of the general"interests of the countiy.since this tussle commenced. The consequence is, that I find that in 1865,1806, and 1807 the amount of money voted for ipublic woiks, and unexpended through the 'deadlock andi the prevailing contusjon, ihuB amounted in round numbers to some £426,000. In another department confided to me-that of Hoads and Bridges-I find that the_ amount of money passed by Par- liament in those three years, and remaining unexpended because of these disputes, is as much as £254,000 ; and thns thero is over £080,0C0 that ought to be spent iu doing works of public necessity, and enabling local bodies to cam out tho objects for which they were cieated, yet kept in the Treasury useless and unemployed. It has been stated that all this has been done in defence of the rights and prh ileges of the people, and in order to pro- tect the poor man. Such is the doggerel talked ; but I wish to point out that one thing has, at all - events, been done. This money, which ought to have been spent an.ong the local bodies throughout the coun- try, has not been so spent, and, in consé- quence, the great body, of artisans in the country, those conhected. with them, and the community generally, have been deprived of the many benefits which the circulation of so vast a sum of money would confer. (Ap- plause.) Kccolleet, this vost amount of money does not even include the usual ex- penditure for the past five months of the current j ear ; it refers only to the past years. In fact, everything has been brought to a dead-lock and standstill ; and the time lias indeed come when wo should calmly and con- siderately ask ourselves whether this state of things shall go on, or whether, as reasonable men, we desire to see the country progiess, and whether that which has lasted so long shall last still longer, or be immediately ended by just, pioper, and liberal legislation. If you think such a time has come, then I have acted wisely in being onq to attempt to im piove our present condition of affairs, and you will send me back as your representative (cheers) ; but if, on the other hand, you think that in accepting office I havo violated any principle.or withdrawn fiom any pledge given on a pievious occasion ("No, nu"), your ver- dict vtill teiminate the matter. (Enthusiastic cheering.) But this 1 know, that, apart from personal considerations, or questions that might weigh with me, I believe from my soul that I have joined men who have the good of theil country at heart. (Cheers.) In dealing with the allegation of the late Ministry and {their supporters, that the Con- stitution had lailed, Mr. O'Grady observed : It has often been stated by the late Govern- ment, through its head, that the Constitution of this country has failed : but if it has, who has led up to that but they who violated it, and endeavoured to coerce those whoso rights were equal to their own ? . It was then said that there were no funds legally available to corry on the business of the country, and j ou may imagino what a state of things that must be when the head of the stato in- forms the countiy that he has no money with which to carry on tho public business. The fact was, that if tho Constitution failed, according to their views, it was be- cause they fuiled in carrying out theil vicious intention of coercing the Uppei Houso in respect to carrying this Darling grant in the Appropriation Bill. Ample means were available, but they would not use them. Time after time the remedy foi what they pretended was tho fault of the Constitution was pointed out to them, bul they insisted on going their own way: and now see what they have brought us to. Wo arc now told that under no ciicumstances will the Governor consent todo what is control j to his instiuctions ; and is it likely that he will violate them because the late Govern, ment odvibcd him so to do? Then there is the Upper House. Suppose tho late Govern' ment were to go back to office to-morrow, and Bay that this Darling grant must go in th( Appropriation Bil), the Legislative Council ii pledged bejond dispute and beyond cavil te oppose such a thing ; so that the difficult} vuuld not be settled in the least by th( M Culloch Government carrying their point How, then, is the deadlock to be removed? Ii is to be removed, we hope, by putting ourselvei befoie the sound sense of the community, ano loving on the Legislative Council the respon sibiliiy of determining whether the colony o: Victoria is to cairy on in a constitutional anc pioper foi ni, or by tho patty who happen te have the mojority disputing tho plain la« and acting in its violation. VVe have adoptee what we believe to be the only remedy, and if we succeed, I believe wo shall deserve well of our countiy. (Loud cheers.) It is scarcely necessary to say that Mr O'Giady was extremely well received. A SNAKE TRAGEDY. : Of the many proofs afforded of the deadli ness of our Australian snakes none have beer more tragic than that furnished by the latí death of Mr. William Murray Drummond police magistrate, from the bite of a tige: snake. The incidents of the cose aro un- usually interesting in a scientific as well as social point of view. In telling the story ¿ve premise that Mr. Drummond was a gontlo roon of good family in Scotland ; had held a commission in Her Itfajesty's 07th Regiment of the Uno, had subsequently served as ^a volunteer-in-'thíí'French army in Algeria against tho Kabyles, and finally found his way to Victoria, where for about a dozen ' years hechas held briqrous appointments. For tcnycôrs past'ho' fias been a police magis tiatc, latteily at'Daylesford, but at the timo of his death he was, for reasons belonging to the history of his department of the service. J residing in South Yarra, near Melbourno, ano, absent norn the sphere of his duties. Ho was. an accomplished gentleman, of an ardent1 temperament, with a piofound contempt for danger and a fondness for adventure, which had carried him through strange scenes in the old world. The story opens on tho evening of Friday, May 1st, when Mr. Drummond dined at tho Cafó de Palis with a party of gentlemen. Ono of them, Mi. Alfred Telo, montioned ^con- versation that ho had been to see Shires's snake exhibition at the Cantorbury-hall tho night before, and that ho was not satisfied that Shires had really been b>tten. Now, Shires is a roan who professes,to hold* tho secret of an antidote to snake poison. 'This antidote he sells in small phials, and, to prove its virtues, gives exhibitions, in which he allows the snake to bite him and a fowl; the fowl dies, but Shires, ¡who applies his anti- dote to his wound, lives. Parenthetically it may also be mentioned here that Dr. Halford, 1 professor of anatomy at the Melbourno Uni- versity, has lately publicly devoted himself to , a close inquiry into the character of snake-, poison and its effects upon the system. To return. Mr. Drummond in this conversa- tion also expressed a disbelief in Shires, and. said.to Mr. Telo, " Look here, let us go down to thefcl'ow's placo and prove him a hum- bug." " Dow ?" asked Mr, Telo. Whereupon Mi. Diummond said ho would go down to Shires's place, get him to moke ono of his most venomous snakes bite him (Drummond), and then it would be-seen that the snakes were not venomous, and that Shir,cs,was a humbug. Mr. Telo said, "Don't be a fool ; " and as, the idea of making the experiment grew in Mr. Drummond's mind-he being otherwise perfectly calm and collected, and entirely unaffected by drinking-Mr. Telo erevv moro earnest in his remonstrances, anS absolutely refused to accompany his' friend. By this time they had adjourned to the coffee-room. Mr. Telo .then,left, saying, "Don't you be a fool, Drummond ;" but the latter said, laughinsly, that he woultl ask Mr. Marcus H. Clarke, another friend, who was near by. Mr. Clarke, .after some demur, and not believing in Mr. , Drummond's seriousness, went with him to the Canterbury-hall, where Shires was wait- ing, having to go through bis snake perform- ance there at eleven p.m. This was about eight o'clock. They called Shires to them, and Mr. Drummond said, " Now, Shiies, I want the most venomous and deadliest snake you have to bitO mc in'the wrist, and then apply'the antidote.' We will then have the snake's head cut off, and send it to Professor Halford, who will know whether the thing is all right." Shires demurred, but Mr. Drum- mond coaxed him by telling him what a fine advertisement for his antidote the whole thing would be, and also taunted bim with a want of faith in his own antidote. Over peisuaded, Shires agreed to do the thing at nine o'clock, at which hour Mr. Drum- mond was to call again. By this time !Mr. Clarke began ' to see how serious his friend was, and he caught his ann saying, "Drummond, this is too ridiculous; come away." They went into the street, and then Mr. Clarke again said, "For heaven's sake, old fellow, don't be such an ass as this. It is madness to bo bitten by a snake." The reply was, "All right, old fellow; he will never let Lis snake kill me. I am not a fool." Mr. Clarke persisted in urging his friend against the experiment, and positively, re- fused to go with him ; but his fears subsided as he saw Low jocular Mr. Drummond was, and he supposed the whole thing a jest, of which nothing more would be heard. They parted, and at nine o'clock Mr. Clarke was again in the coffee room of the Café, when he saw Mr. Drummond, who beckoned to him. Ho refused, saying, '' Mind, if you are going to the snake-fellow. I will be no party to such nonsense." He felt no' alarm, however, re- membering that Mr. Drummond, had an appointment to fetch his wife home, and supposing that the absurd idea' of the snake experiment was abandoned. Thus they parted. Later in the evening, at eleven p.m., Messrs. Telo and Clarke (both of whom Mr. Diummond had previously bound over to sccresy) wei e, with a party of others, attracted to the snake exhibition, and the first thing they heard was from Wright, the proprietor of the ball, who told them that Mr. Drum- mond had been bitten at Gartou's Hotel: that tho antidote had been applied, and that ho had gone home all right. The pcifonnance then proceeded in the usual way. Shires, on the platform, showed a lot oi snakes-some most venomous, others in- noxious. He wreathed them round him, allowed himself to be bitten twice by a tiger snake, which also bit a fowl. The fowl died instantaneously ; but Shires, to whom the antidote had been applied, ,by dabbing it with ,a cork on the punctures, appeared none the woise. Mr. Drummond's friends thon in- quired at Gorton's Hotel for him, and found 'he was gone. One of them drove out to his hoUFe in South Yana, but found him not re- turned, and so the matter was necessarily ,leit. What had happened was this :-Mr. Drum- mond had seen Shires at nine o'clock, and taken lum, with Wright and a man named Dailey, to Garton's Hotel, where they went into a private room. When there, Mr. Drum- mond repeated his wish, from which Shires tried to dissuade him, telling him what he would suffer in bodily pain and faintness ; but he persisted, and bared his wrist ready for tho bito. Seeing this, Wright would re- main no longer, but left-telling noone, how- ever, what was going to happen. Mr. Drum- mond then said he was sorry his friends were not there, but again taunted Shires with want of faith in his own antidote. Then Shires gave way,andproducedfromhisbreastatigcrsnake, which he held by the neck, till it came closo to Mr. Drummond's bared wrist which it bit. When bitten, Mr. Drummond neither shud- dered nor winced. The antidote waa then applied to tho wound, and Shires put back the snake into his breast, between his outer and under shirt. At this Mr. Drummond said, "Oh, but I am not satisfied. Pull that snako out and cut its head off. I will pay you for it." Tho snake's head was then cut off, and the head and body made up into a parcel, Mr. Drummond forcing Shiies to strip and show that he had no other snako about him, By this time, however, the looker-on, Dailey, had been to the bar once or twice for towels and paper, and the landlord, Mr. Garton, come into the room to see what was th( matter. He knew Mr. Drummond well, anc when he heard what had taken place he be came very angry, ordered Shires-as soon a¡ the latter had got his fee of 25s.-out of th< house, and insisted on Mr. Drummond seo ing a medical man. It should bo told tim before Shires left Mr. Drummond swoonec in his chair for several minutes. Shires hat told him this would happen, and when hi was recovered told him not to take anythin¡ but wator-no stout or brandy. At first hi refused Mi. Gartou's request to see a doctoT saving he was all right, but eventuall; agiced to start with Dailey in a car to sei Professor Halford. They went, but Professo: Halford had moved from his house in Fitzro; to South Yarra, and consequently it was nea midnight before Mr, Diummond, having sen Dailey to his home, reached tho professor' residence. The professor answered the sum mons, and to him Mr. Drummond gave tin dead snake. (This snako tho professor ascer tained to be a real tiger- sualto-species hoplo cephalvs curltts "dart-headed," more alliée in family to the cobra than tho crotalus, am even more venomous than tho cobra-capella though with smaller fangs. On oxamiuatioi its fangs proved perfect, and nearly full o venom.) Mr. Drummond absolutely rofusei medical assistance, said he was all right, am showed no bad symptoms savo that o nausea. Ho vomited slightly outside th door. He then left, and went to his house But Piofessoi' Halford was now scriousl ultirmcd. Ho dressed, woko up Mr. Woolc ridge, the nearest medical practitioner, an they both went'to Mr. Drummond's house They found him bing quietly on his sof leading; his wife had not come home, an his children and a female servant werotheonl other inmates. They told him that his cor dition was a highly dangerous one, and h consented to do what they advised him. The t he'll ordered him ammonia and rum (the being tho only available spirit) alternate! ev cry hour. He promised to take it, and t sendtoMr. Wooldridge if anychange occurre during the night. lue servant received sim lar directions, but, at her "master's carnes request, was not told what had really ha» pened. There was no summons during th night, and at nino a.m. next day the doctoi saw the patient again. He said ho had bee purged and passed blood, but the skin wc warm and perspiring, the pulse good, and the lespiration free. The pupils were much di- lated, the iris was insensible to light, and he complaine'd of pain in tho left shoulden and about the tin oat. The doses of ammonia and brandy were now doubled, Mrs. Drummond haning returned. ,Tho^symptoms,> however, increased, and at ten mirtutes,after'nine p.m. he died, painless and- conscious. 'v__,; " The affair* created^an extraordinaiy sensa- tion, and at the coroner's inquest, which lasted three days, a variety of collateral parti- culars were elicited. Shires has been ai rested, and is to be tried for manslaughter, and the doctors have been blamed for having loft Mr. Drummond during the night, for it transpired that their, dhections hatti been veiv imper- fectly complied with. It t was also mado known that Shires's so-called antidote (upon which Professor Halford had previously expe- rimented, and which ho denounced as useless, i and applied in such a way"as to render oven its attributed virtues inoperative) was a com- pound of iodine, ammonia,, and. spirits i of wine. t,Thc professor identified it with an old and exploded American snake antidote. The coioner's jury, in-finding Shiies guilty of manslaughter, blamodiWright and Dailey for their, shares in ther tiausaction, and appealed'"to the authorities to put down' snake exhibitions J J At the forthcoming trial < the whole question will, bo f closely I investi-/ gated. r i r " , ' Opinions are divided as<to what led Mr; Drummond to his rash and fatal act. His private affairs ,worc not exactly rproaperous, i hut there was nothing to suggest temptatipn to suicide, and his reason was unaffeoted. t The irfost tfavourfid hypothesis is, that in his ' contempt for danger and belief in Shires' 'juggleiy1, hofohncd the intention of slipping away front his friends in the Café, performing the experiment,1 'and then returning to show what he had gone through.. Such an apt was, at all events, quite characteriátic. ' ' ' '.' ' '- ' .' O'FAHRELL'S"' CONFESSION.' ' ! < The papers submitted to the Parliament ofi! New South Wales on thesubjectof O'Farrell, confession, aro of too great length for republi I cation here, even if ,thejr inteiestjhad beon more intense.. It appears, however, that there 'is rio'reason to question the accuracy of the 'published version of' the confession, or the fidelity of th6 officers of the gaol to-their trust. ' 'Tho sheriff inhisxeport to the under-secro taiy writes:-"The chaplahihas shown to me ,the statement mentioned Lby his Grace' the Archbishop as the duplicate. ' It is in OTar rell's 'handwriting,, signed' by himself, and ' wrjttcn upon a sheet orpine note paper, suchos would not have'been supplied in'the gaol for the [ purpose i of ' makings statement.1 The wijting has the appearance of being moro hurried than' that in ' tho""ètatcment fur-' nished to tho Colonial'Secretary. The con- clusion to which I am led is, that this ' dupli- cate ' was written in.the sacristy to serve the purposes both of a draft for and a copy of the statement itself. It is obvious that the paper in question was wiitten, if not through the instiumcntality, certainly within the cog- nisance of the chaplain, who must- be îc .gaided as being officially-responsible for its existence ; and it.is further manifest that the chaplain, an officer of the prison, withholds from the Government information upon the subject avowedly ,in his possession., The question raised by the chaplain as to the ob- ligation upon him to'bring under notice bleaches of the regulations coming to his knowledge outsido the confessional cannot, I conceive, be entertained." ' A warder stated in evidence that on the aftoinoon of tho day on which O'Farrell wroto his confession, and after he had done so, pen and ink were called forby the clergymen, and were taken to him hy the warder who had charge of the stationery, O'Farrell then being in tho sacristry. The prison chaplain (Rev. J. Dwyer) stated under protest :-" It is within my knowledge that the statement sent to .the Govornmeut was' the voluntary act of the prisoner O'Farrell himself, andwasiutendedbyliinias a public ac knowledgment of his crime, andas a means of allaying apprehensions and removing alarms inspired by his former statements. Thp sole author of the paper was the prisoner himself; the oiiginal statement was sent sealed by him, and addressed m his own handwriting, to the Colonial Secretary ; and nothing, as far as I am aware, was Copied by O'Farrell in his condemned cell ' from any, composition save his own." Father Dwyer's attention having been called to this statement, he 'added thó remaik :-"I adhere to the state 'ment in the letter. In reference to the term ' original ' used hy mo, I consider that if a man has written and'signed in his own hand 'two precisely similar documents, that the term original applies equally to either or both. I decline to say whether the state- ment that I havo called the original was the first written." The attontion of Father Dwyei was then called to a statement of His Grace the Archbishop, read by Mr. Macleay in tho Legislative Assembly, and to the use of the temi "duplicate" therein. Howasako shown the statement furnished by O'Farrell to the Colonial Secrctaiy. Father Dwyer then stated :-"The statement referred to by His Grace is a duplicate in fact, though not in exact words in two instances-namely, instead of ' in letters accompanying the ad diess,' the word ' therein ;'and instead of ' I gave way to excitement and enthusiasm,' ' I became excited and filled with enthusiasm.' I have no objection to show the duplicate to yourself or any one else, but I will not give it up. I decline to say whether I know or uot when and whero the statement referred to as tho duplicate was written." OUR POSTAL SERVICE WITH EUROPE. Tho agitation among tho "bankers, mer- chants, and others connected with Australia," in London, in respect to the inconveniences attached to the new postal arrangements for thirteen mails per'annum, is as much felt here as at home, although it has taken no public shape. This is not surprising. Tho whole affair appears to bo a decided muddle, and instead of business transactions being at all facilitated by tho extra mail in the year with which we are to be favoured, the very reverse appears to be the case. Under the old contract, one great advantage was at any rate enjoyed- the mails were despatched and be clime due upon almost precisely the same days in -each month, there being but one or two exceptions in tho course of the year. Now, the mails arrive and are sent away on different dates in every month. At first sight this may appear a very trifling matter, but really it is not so, since it has been the constant proctice of bankers and business men to make their financial arrangements in accordance with the sailing of the mail steamer, and when this took place on the samo ' day in every month the matter was both simplified and facilitated. As it is, tho period allowed (in tho caso of letters rent via ¡Marseilles) for preparing replies | to letters is manifestly insufficient, and the result will be that a large portion of the correspondence will have to stand over for four weeks ; thus, in effect, increasing the .postal distance of Australia from England by twenty-eight days. Tho great bulk of tho correspondence from Australia is forwarded via Southampton, and this does not arrive until seven days after the sailing of tho out- going steamer, and ono day after tho de- spatch of the mail via Marseilles, so'that by far the greater portiçn of tho people of tho colonies will have to wait for replies to their letters at least three weeks longer than was formerly the case. One extra mail in twelve mouths is a veiy poor compensation for tho inconvenience and confusion which this alteration in tho system must inevitably occa- sion. The whole of tho circumstances of the case, and the inconvenienco which will be entailed upon all tho colonies by .the now arrange- ments, point to tho necessity of securing for Australia a fortnightly mail, via Gallo. Ex- perience has shown us that the Panama íouto is almost utterly worthless to this colony. With some persons tho proposi- tion for an ocean mail system, vid the Capo of Good Hope, finds considerable favour ; but, though useful as an auxiliary in the interests of immigration, it lias yet to be shown that by this route tho service could be performed in tho necessary timo without tho I expenditure of an enormous sum. Whatever change is made, tho two objects to be kept prominently in view are, a shortening of tho time occupied in tho transit of tho mails, and tin increased frequency of communication. The great advantages which would bo gained would amply compensato for the extra cost, and we ti ust to seo the mercantile community, together with the Government, take activo steps in tho matter. MEAT PRESERVING. Beyond some discussion in the newspapers, and the testing of different samples of pre- served meat, very little appears to have been done practically in the direction of meat pre- serving. On thó 30th April, a tin of meat, preserved by Mr. Ritchie, manager of the Melbourne Meat-preserving Company, was opened at Adelaide. 'Ibis tin had been sent to the adjoining colony in January last, so that it had be*en for three montlis in the tin. Tho meat, which was a leg Of mutton, turnet! out in an almost solid ' mass, and is stated, together with ¡the gravy, to have presented quite lan appetising appear ancoï" Tho experiment, . thus far, was a success, as tile flesh kept sweet and fresh, in tho hot vclimato of Adelaida for a much longer period than is ordinarily re- quired for a voyage from Melbourne to ling land, A similar result attended an^Oxpcri ment with Barnes's píocess afBallftrut, where a leg of mutton which was six weeks in a tin ~ case-possessed aiu excellent flavour.- It was staled that the slieep, from which tho meat tasted had been conserved was tlio product of a fifty-five pound sheep, from which all the kidney and superfluous fat had been removed for the purpose of boiling^dovvn, and the re- sult was forty-two pounds of conserved meat. The inventoi of this process is of opinion that by his apparatus ho can preserve,ono ton of meat per hour, and states that it has this ad- vantage, that as his method picserves alargo quantity of the bone, the gravy (also pro served) becomes almost an essence of the meat itself. In this way it is believed that the meat could be expoited and sold at the i ate of 4d. per pound. A tank of meat prqst'iycd by tho Victoria Compaiiy was also'-Oxamined on the 11th May. Jt had been lying in Clough's warehouse, at Melbourno,-for about three months, and was about being shipped to England, but was withdrawn by the my-nager of the company when it was discovered that there was a small hole in it, ' as it was feared' \ that the air might penetrate to and'damage - the meat. The ,tank contained aboujijtvvo | lons of meat, all mutton. The ;carcosc3 ,. of* the sheep had been' boned,' slightly salted "and spiced, rolled in linen cloths. 'Ï and then packed in tal'ow in tho tanlcs. i The meat was thoroughly tested, and .was pionounccd to be in excellent condition,'and a roost marketable article. The portionsjof the,, carcases prepared in, this way some months i since, but which had not been placed in tallowi were cut through and tasted,'and the' .. flavour was'delicious. Wo understand that the meat thus cuied can be landed in the London market at such a price as to give the shopkeeper a>fan-profit if¡ retailed at öd. per . pound, i ' Notwithstanding these results, wb .find Mr. l / J. B. Hughes, one of the cailiest gentlemen - who diew attention to this subject, writing,^ to ï'7te Argus complaining of the apathy of l the stockowners, and of their apparent in-* difference to the success or otherwise of these undertakings, Ho writes :-"I lately met a huge Hock'of good ewes, which the buyer told"1 "* mo hohad just bought for 3s. each ; and about 'J three thousand good store wethers, ,wh\ch ho , had bought at 4s. Cd. each-both 'paid for by v a bill at nine months, without interest. I '. have hcaid of many other sales of sheep.afc,,) similar prices-that is, at about the value of >? the wool, the carcase being given in to 'the ' buyer, and ample time allowed him to. bring the wool to maturity and sell it to me'et his - acceptances." And jet he says that most of the sheepowncrs either do not actively assist, ' or content themselves by raising objections to any process. The process of preservation by freezing has ' also come under notice, Mr. J. D. Postle having read a paper on that subject before , the Rojal Society. Mr. Ellery, the president of the society, stated during the discus- sion that about hvo years ago he made some experiments, both scientific and gas- tronómica!, on this subject. He had on ' three or four separate occasions put'some joints into the ice-house on the Yana, and. kept them there for some months. ,Ûn the fust occasion the joint was bad before it was ' cooked, but on all the other occasions they » weie perfectly good. The only way in which , ho could account for it going wrong the first time was, that it was allowed to thaw in the open air -gradually. On the other occasions ; the meat was put into cold water, and left, until oil hardness disappeared from it. Some further experiments are about to bo tried, BO >I , that doubtless tho success or failure of this method will bo placed beyond question. As incidental to this question wo'quote"' the following paragraph, as showing another mannet in which our stockowners may dis- pose of the surplus produce of their runs : "Recently, at his Portland 'establishment, " Mr. G. G. Crouch boiled down a small lot, 1¡545 biokcn-niouthed ewes, in prime condition, averaging about 421b. each, and as tho result may provo of interest to many of our readers and the public, we supply the following sta- tistics, the accuracy of. vt hich may be tclied,. on :-The 1,545 ewes yielded 183cwt Iqr.lOlb'. , tallow, soldat 43s. 9d., or £401 0s. lOd. ; less* -charges, freight, insurance, cartage, dock dues, &c;, £01 Os. 10d., leaving a balance of £340. To this is to bo added skins sold at Is. each, oi £77 5s , and 1,340 legs of mutton at Os. peí do¿cn, £33 10s., in all £130 lös. The m el tin g of the 1,015 cost £77 5s., or Is. each. The tallow was packed in forty- seven gal- vanised non cases at 12s. each, £2S 4s. to- gether, making £10510s , leaving, all expenses deducted, £315 6s. as the not pioceeds, or on the aveiage, 4s. ñ_d. and a iraetion for each." AUSTRALIAN WINE TRADE., , ' An attempt is being made to get up a pub- lic company for the pin pose of purchasing Australian wines, storing them till matured, and ultimately introducing them into tho, Eui opean and Indian markets in a manner' that will secure for them a proper reception." Properly carried out, such a project would' ' certainly prove highly useful, not only to Vic- toria but also to the neighbouring colonies. In this colony alono there are, as appears from the lately published agricultural returns, 4,176 acres under grape vines, while in New ¡ South Wales there arc 2,281 acres, and in South Australia 0,361 icrcs, or 12,818 acres in alL A considei able portion of this large area ' is no doubt under vines not yet arrived at ' full bearing ; but, on the other hand, new lands aro being planted with grape vines every year, so that the wine production of tho thiee colonies is certain to attain to largo dimensions within a few years. Evonif there 'should be no extension of tho wine trade ? beyond the natural extension that will result from the growth of the vines already planted, - we mightcountupoiihavingsomcthingliko ii vo million gallons of wino produced in the three , colonies w ithin a year or tv» o. For this we can , scarcely expect to find local demand at prices that will remunerate the vigneron. The taste for colonial wino is unquestionably growing rapidly in this colony. Indeed, in Melbourno alone thereisalreadyavery large consumption, ncaily forty wino shops being kepa open, in which nothing but colonial wine is supplied to the customcis, while at private tables our own wines aro very generallypioduccd, and always pai taken of to some extent, when available., Indeed, even if they aro not very largely con- sumed when French, Spanish, and Gorman, wines aie present to compete with them, their presence is acceptable, nevertheless, since they aftoid a never-failing subject for conver- sation and discussion. But, for all this, it is neccssoiy that a foreign market should bo found for Austi alian wines. Local consump- tion cannot keep pace with supply, and'if our glowing wine tiado is to be continually pros- perous, means must bo used to bring it favour- ably under the notice of the connoisseurs of the world. And this is not a task of very great difficulty at the present time. In Eng- land there is a spirit of inquiry abroad in regard to wines, as well as in regard to other subjects, and tho public are prepared to do justice to eveiy new vintago as well as to every new opinion. But individual wine makers cannot avail themselves ' of this-. favourable state of affairs. If every vigneron were to send his own produce to London, a great deal of trash would certainly be sent there, to the detriment of Australia's character as a wine country, whilo small consignments could not affoid tho use of those means without which afair ti ialcannotbehad. We think, then, a public wine company, with adequate means at its disposal, and under good management, might prove highly useful to the Australian wine-growing interest, and desire to give tho fullest publicity to the enterprise to which wo leferreU in the beginning, Tho principal objects of the company are said to bo :-1st. 1 ho purchasing and maturing of Australian wines. 2nd. Supplying the largo and daily increasing colonial demand, at such prices ,a3 world insure colonial wine to become an article of consumption in every family. 3rd. As the wines mature, and become in a lit slate for export, to supply the Loudon and Indian maikets, where they only îequiro to be fairly introduced to become a source of profit to the producer and exporter. In connexion with this project, wo under- stand that an exhibition of wines will tako placo at an eariy date, when competent judges will be appointed to test and pro- nounce upon the several exhibits. In tho mcantimo the matter has attracted much at- tention in the important wine- producing dis- trict of the Murray. Writing about tho pro- posed company, and its originator, Mr. John 0\. Henderson, tho Border Post of 15th April remarks :-? , " Tho scheme submitted appears perfectly feasible, and Hie terms proposed to tho wine- growers are such that no ono can refuse to join in the undertaking. , If capitalists will cou« ¡tribute 3275,000 in cash, thero ought to bo no .difficulty among the vine- growers in raising the other £25,000 in wine. . If a man is will- ing to give one-fourth of his vintage towards the purchase of shares, and to sell the other three-fourths of ' his crop to the company at the market price, for cash, that is all the promoters of the undertaking require. The vine-grower possessing common sense will reflect that the company cannot be got up unless the vine-growers.'.prove to thç 'capital- ists, by 'taking shares in tjie concern, that they intend to support it. The vine-grower now sells his ' must ' cither straight from the press, or immediately after tho first racking, at whatever price it will fetch. He has no guarantee that his grape-ju'eo will not be maïiipulatcd, through errors of judgment, in a way to damage the reputation of hisi "own wings and those of. the district .vorally. Not so with the vine-grower who i" - shareholder in the proposed new com- pany. He sells his ' must to the association, and gets the'cash for it., But he has the further .advantage of having still an interest in that ' must.' And it is only reasonable to-supposo -that a large company, with a capital of £100,000, and with agencies and branch establishments almost everywhere, will obtain Lthc services of the very best 'experts' in the cellar management of wine. 'The ömmon-sense vine-grower at this stage becomes convinced that it is to his advantage to devote one-fourth of his vintage towards taking shares in tho company." The Albury Banner, in its issue of May 2, -combats some objections that haij been, raised, and then procfeeds to say :-, ' '. A vineyard proprietor in this locality was in tho habit of making his own wino, and his vine was never woith moro than 2s. a gallon .«hon he made it himself ; but latterly he has sold his ' must ' to a wholesale buyer, whose capital enables tym to employ first-class skilled winc-piakcrs ; and under their mani- pulation the produce of the .same vineyard is worth 12s. a gallon, instead of 2s. ; and as this state of things is going on everywhere in the three colonies, the aggregate loss resulting irom it would give someiaea of tho profit which would be open to a company. The project of Mr. Henderson contemplated the raising of £100,000. of which he expected to get some ¿'20,000 from the vineyard proprietors thom Etives, to be paid principally in 'must,'or iiiw wine, but doubts have been expressed if all the vignerons in the three colonies could raise the amount. Let us take Mr. Hender- son's estimated yield, of wine for the three colonies as approximately correct - namely, four million gallons. By the plan proposed, one-fourth of the produce of the vineyards v ould.go towards buying shares in the com panj-i.e.,-one million gallons. Taking tho i nluo of the new wine thus put'into the com- pany at the rate of 2s. 6d/pergallon, the money ivanted would be seenrctlif only200.000gallons (a twentieth of the estimated yield) wero sub- scribed by the three colonies. With regard to the degreo of support which might be ex- pected from the ipublic towards raising the remaining £75,000 required under Mr. Hen- derson's scheme, we should wish to see the public themselves decide when the project is hilly laid before them. Mero surmises as to the probablo difficulty which might occur in raising the amount cannot be relied upon. Ihcie is a great interest among, colonial capitalists in the extension of tho wine trade ; and even if they hold back' it would remain to be shown whether or not it would be ex- pedient to put the matter on the English maiket, with the view of tappinu the great som ce of cheap capital which exists theie." Q WO IMPORTANT NEW INDUSTRIES. The îccent commencement of operations at two large establishments for local manu facluie in the immediate neighbourhood of Melbourne, has rather more than the im- portance usually attached to such occasions. One of these "new industries" is wholly a novelty. It is that great desideratum-a paper mill- which is to use up a vast quan- tity of material now nearly wasted, and to supply a largo market with a commodity in great demand. The other establishment is a distillery, and its erection is a notable step in the progress of Victorian manufactuio of spirits. A few particulars of each will doubtless be welcome : \- MB.- ItAMSDEX'S TAPER MILL. Few subjects havo been more prolific in talk than propositions to establish the manufacture i of paper in .Victoria. In 1855, ïli. Thomas . Kenny ' (previously of the stationery fhjii of Sands andi Kenny), took tho first step, and ordered a com- plete set of paper-making machinery from Ilcssis. Beltram and Sons, of Edinburgh. In due course his order was executed, and the machinery , delivery at Dight's Falls, beside which Mr. Kenny had commenced to weet his factory. But failing means and failing health prevented his enterprise, and aftoi his death and a few abortive attempts to foi m a company, Mr. Samuel Ramsden, piopnetoi of the Cailtoniloui-mill,purchased the plant for about £3,000 (it had cost Mr. henny £8,000), and proceeded to erect the buildings necessary for the carrying on of the manufacture, which were pushed on with buch energy that now, only about six months aftci they weic commenced, manufacturing oiici.itions have begun. Wo understand Mr. Ruinsden's outlay amounted to £20,000 before a slu et of paper was produced. The premises, which stand on Crown'land,'on the south bunk of the Yana, beld,under a seven years' lease, are substantially brick-built and slate loofed. One building comprises the machino and finishing room, 205ft. in longth by 32ft. in bieadth. At right angles with this thero arc four houses two storeys high, of 46ft. by about 25ft., in which the earlier manufactur- ing processes are carried on. Tho engine ami boiler houses and chimney-stalk adjoin, and there arc two large rag stores in the yard. Outside the mill theie is a largo iron boiler standing on brick piers, into which water is pumped from the Yarra, and thence drawn off as required in the process of manufacture. The motive power is a fine horizontal direct action 70-horso engine and a pretty little 12 Loise engine (the latter for driving the paper making machine) driven by steam from two large boilers 30ft. by 7Aft., which also boil the rags, heat the diying cylinders, and peiform oihei useful offices. It is designed that the raw material shall mainly consist of rags, but experiments arc being made with New Zea- land flax and' sundry Australian grasses, vInch will possibly provide a cheap texture foi the commoner sorts of wrapping-papers. The price given is about £3 per ton for old bags, &c;, and up to £8 per ton for good linen and cotton rags. When in full work the mill will employ sixty or soventy persons, and the chief "hands" are accomplished and ex- perienced men. The process of manufacture diflers but little from the established modo, it being understood that the manufactured aiticlc is to be of two sorts, "news," for which there is a colonial demand far beyond the mill's power to supply, and" wrappers, " which will he made out of the rags which are too H'URh for "news." The rags are first sorted and then cut into convenient sizes by means of curved steel blades fixed into the benches where the sorters woik. They are then con- ic}, ed down a shoot to a cutting- machine, which minces them smaller; thence to a "willow," whence they aro torn to pieces between toothed diums ; thence to a " duster," which beats the dust out of them ; and thence upstairs, by an elevator, to the boiling-house. Here UTO three boilers, each capable of holding a ton of material, and standing a pressure of 101b. per inch, winch boils the rags in an alkaline lye, of strength suited to the kind of rags used, and flic sort of paper to be made. The macera- tion of. the rags is next accomplished by breaking" and "washing" engines, of which there are six. These boxes aie troughs, at the bottom of which ore knives, which tri- turate the rags into filaments, not exceeding the sixteenth of an inch-in fact, as fine as dished. Water is supplied, and carried off ?when soiled by a drum, which refuses tho palp, and at last the material attains the tonn of "half stuff," and is removed to tho poncliing-mochincs," which aro liko tho hreakiiig-niachiiies without tho knives, whero the chemical bleaching liquor is applied. Tho '¡¡slf-stuff " îemains an hour in this ma duiiiV >s then left for four or six hours in stone fclcaching-boxes (of which there aro !>el'tuBi). When thoioughly bleached the 'ino Wt drained oft and squeezed out ii 'jfít^T1^ piessurc. Tho rags arc if ten ky 1,ue heating engine into li/p. coloured os lequired, and then passed wt in a milky film, which is carried to tho MiaKnig-table, from whence it flows on to an f ' i-ulcss web of brass gauze wiro (of 3,000 jquaics to the inch), which moves slowly over ''?»'s toilers, allowing the water to trickle a« ii) gradually through the interstices of the w< li. By and bye the pulp comes in a thicker i.imtolhe "exhaust," as the workmen call ». wheic the ci cation of a partial vacuum sucks the remaining water from the paper »mt is to be. Subsequently, tho now tender web leceives the water mark, is compressed wtttccn felt-covered rollers, and then passed »'»cr drying cjlinders, from which it is de ; vereel in a form which is easily converted into that of good paper-on much of which "7 j!-nghsh readers will soon havo to read the jwiclhgence we send them. THE " AUSTRALIAN DISTILLERY." This ambitious title ia more or less appro- priately applied to a new distillery, the pro- perty of Mr. Hugh Junor Browne, erected on Crpwn lands on the south bank of tho Yarra, leased under circumstances similar to thoso of the paper mill just described. Oppor- tunity lias been reserved for extension, but I at present the premises consist of a three storeyed .brick building, 45ft. x 23ft., and some smaller erections for divers purposes. Malt barns and Juins are to be added in time. The arrangements are such that every foot of enclosed ground is turned to account, so that there is really a largo distillery in very small compass. It is lighted with gas throughout, and all the machinery and, utensils, .except the malt-mill and French burr-millfor grind- ing corn, aro of colonial manufacture, and experience in working tho distillery has proved everything to have been properly constructed and erected. Tho vats and tuns wero made by Messrs. Gray and Mur- ray, coopers, and Mr. Parkes, carpenter, and the stills and refrigerator by Mr. For sbaw, of Flinders-lane. Tho whole was designed and planned by the proprietor. The materials > used in tho distillery arc barley and malt:-the latter purchased from the Melbourne maltsteis, and, the former chiefly fiom corn moichants, though,Mx. Browne.is desirous to purchase direct from the farmers. Much of tho barley used up to this time has como from tho Western district. The present manufacturing , ca- pacity of the distillery, when at full work, is > from 1,200 to 1,500 gallons of proof spirits per week, and its consumption of material something moro than half that number of bushels of grain. Two kinds of spirits have been made, namely, what is called "silent spirits," and whiskey. The silent spirit, or spirits of wine, is sent out at a strength of from 55° ^o CO" overproof, and has been' pionounccd by competent judges to be equal to any imported. It is used in various chemical manufactures, and for rec- tifying- purposes., As yet tho whiskey is so new that it would "bo prematnro to express an opinion as to its quality. Iii course of time, gin will also bo manufactured, and Mr. Browne expects to bo able to establish a new biuncliof business, namely, the manufacturo of brandy from Ihe lees of wine, to be pro- cured from the vineyards in the district. The spirits of wine is made chiefly from raw grain, and tho whiskey chiefly from malt. We need not enter into tho, minutiai of manufacture, for distillation can Jiardly bo called a new, industry, in Victoria. . At War- renheip, near Ballarat, there is, indeed, a very large one, the whiskey and gin from which are first-rate, and others of lessor ex- tent-notably one at Ballarat, under the management of Mr. Meyer-have been esta- blished. Mr. Browne's manufactory shows, hov.-evcr, the increased attention paid to what will doubtless prove a lucrative source of wealth to the countiy. PRINTING INK. We had the pleasure, on the 4th inst., of being present at the formal inauguration of a new industry, which promises to become one of considerable value and uti'ity. Mr. F. Wimble, from tho well-known firm of Shackell and Edwaids, ink manufacturers, of London, has commenced business as a manufacturer of coloured inks in Little Col- lins-street, and the machinery was formally stat ted on that day, in tho presence of a number of gentlemen. Mrs. Bailliere gracefully pel foi med the honorary duties of the occasion, aud in the usual manner christened the manufactory the Violet Ink Mills. Thcwoiksas yet aro in a somewhat roush and incomplete state, but seem as far as erected thoroughly efficient, and capable of producing inks of the best and purest chaiacter. The ink manufactured at the opening was a deep blue, and was ro maikable for the richness and purity of its colour. The conditions under which Mr. Wimble has commenced thiä enter- prise are very favouiable. By purchasing the pigments fiom the homo makeis ho can manufacture ink and sell it dt a lower rate than that now charged by the importers ; but when he has erected all the appliances for making the colours himself ho will occupy a position of decided advantage. Besides, we believe that coloured inks always lose both in quality and quantity in the transit ; and as Mr. Wimble undertakes to supply the article i in a thorougbly good uand pure slate, he will probably have the com- mand ' of tho market. The operations con- nected with the manufacture of coloured ink are extremely simple. The different colours are obtained from mineral, vegetable, and animalsubstances, by chemical pioccss. These aie by far the most expensive ingredients in tho article, some of them being as hiah in price as 18s. 6d. an ounce. The other impor- tant element in the manufacture is linseed oil, which is refined by'boiling, and becomes what is known as printers' ou. This opera- tion takes about forty-eight hours, and by it all the fat is taken from the oil, and nothing but the pure gelatine left. The pigments are giound fine, and then mixed with the oil. The material is then placed in a milling machine, where by passing between a number of lollerstheingiedients aie thoroughly fused. The mixing takes fully an hour, and after this the ink is taken from the machine and thinned in the usual way. Mr. Wimble does not propose to confine himself entirely to coloured inks. He intends in course of time to commence the manufacture of common black printing inks ; but as the machinery for making theso must bo kept entirely separate from the coloured ink works, it will be some time before he is able to commenco opeiations. At present, Mr. Wimble is able to make about 1001b. of coloured ink in a day, and he anticipates, from the clearness anddiyness of the climate, that the colours will be purer and more lasting than thoso of the imported inks. Tho works are driven by a six-horse horizontal engine, manufactured by Davis and Primrose, of Leith. AGRICULTURE. We are now nearly at the end of autumn, and until 'last week there was little or no rain since this third quarter of the year com- menced. The consequence is, that tho earth was very dry, and both feed and water were failing. The farmers too were unable to sow their wheat, and tho early-sown grass seeds have mostly perished. Tho season we aro having hero is very similar to that ex- perienced in England ; and, following tho dry autumn, piobably we shall have a winter as short as it was there. Now that the 'rain has como tho farmers aro exceedingly busy, for, encouraged by the high prices ruling this year, all are anxious to get in as much wheat as they can. But prices have been steadily though slowly fall- ing for some weeks past, or since the results of last harvest were made more accurately apparent by the publication of the statistical abstiact for our last agricultural year. It was known that there must have been a serious deficiency in the jield of breadstuff's, butmany appear to have supposed that the loss from inst was greater than it proves to have been. The average yield was reduced by it to a little over five bushels to the aero in South Aus- tralia ; but the yield in this colony was 15'4 bushels. We had, however, an average of 22'3 bushels to the acie the year before ; and as the increased extent of land under this crop was only 12,146 acres, the actual decrease in the total yield of wheat was 1,151,312 bushels-a largo amount to loso ; but there was rather a good poition of the previous j ear's abundant crop on hand to make good ihe current yeai's consumption. This surplus would appear to have been underrated, for although the growers havo beon withholding their grain flora market, in the hope of obtaining famine prices, there has always been enough to meet tho demand, ex- cept in parcels so laigo as to meet the wishes ot speculators, tinder wheat there was a total area of 220,734 acres, producing 3,480,893 bushels. The area under oats was 124,558 acres, 4,726 less than were sown with grain the year before, and the yield was only 2,350,110 against 3,880,406 that year. Of lids grain, also, there was a good surplus on hand, so that the price has not risen as much as might have been expected. The average j it-Id of oats last year was only 18 6 bushels to the acre, while the year befoie it was thirty bushels. There is an increasing demand for barley every year now, to supply the up country maisters and brewers, and there was a greater area under this grain by 5,427 acres, and an increase in the total yield of 14,711 bushels, although tho average was less. The hayciopisan important one near the largo towns ; and of this there wero 130,357 tons from 104,650 acres-a very poor yield, con- sidering that the spring was a wet one. Potatoes aie the great staple of one district, and of these there were 34,565 acres, pro- ducing 96,289 tons. Under other roots tho extent of land was comparatively trifling only 1,177 acres of mangolds, 046 acres of cairots, beet, &c;, and 142 acres of turnips. As many as 36,010 acres were allowed to lio fallow ; and 10,802 additional acres were laid down with English grasses. The extent of land undci permanent pasture will also be ma- terially increased this yeal. Under the denomination of " other crops " como gardens, vinoyards, orchards, &c;, and there was a duo incrcaso in the extentof theso -namely, 5,010 acres, the total numbor of acres so occupied being 30,010. The vine- yards last year extended to 4,170 acres, con- taining, according to tho statistics, 8,341,497 vines, which, yielded at the, vintage before ; this 27,G41cwt. of grapes not made into wine, and 101,327,80 disposed of or converted into brandy; the quantity of wine having been 36l,790gal., and, of brandy l,709gal. Tho vintage of this year will be greater in quantity and of superior quality. Altogether there wero in cultivation last year 631,270 acres, scarcely an acre per head of the popu- lation then in the country, and loss by 40,000 than the medium numbor of pcoplo to bo fed froni.the prpduco oCthejoar'sharvest. Owing to the long-con tinued absenco of rain, feed for the stock was beginning to run short, but more on tho commons and places open to tho owners of small lots of cattle and sheep than on tho stations. The set- tlers have had abundance of grass through the summer, and will againhave a heavy clip of wooL Tho season has been also very favourable for lambing, and the increase-will be lai gc ; such an increase," however, is likely to be anything but beneficial, unless our means of pi cserviilg and exporting meat aro greatly extended before next summer, for there aio now in the colony a million or so of old sheep more than there 0113ht to be at this time of year. Thoy wero well kept through this Leacon, for it has been an unusually favourable one for grass, but next cummer may not bo so. I . TnE GOLD-FIELDS. I i A rush of considerable importance has taken place, since the departure of the last mail, to new ground near Bullock 'Creek' | nine miles Irom Sandhurst. The lowest esti mate formed of the number of miners is over < á thousand, at work in the alluvial ground, I which has been called the Leichardt rush, i There are two distinct leads, running pa- I ralfel within a .gunshot of each other, hut the gold in either 'is not found in more than one claim in., width. The ave- rage .sinking'is from ' twenty-five to thirty feet, but holes hayo ,been bottomed at fifty feet. The payable claims are now within a short distauce of purchased land, under cultivation, into which no one doubted but both leads would i un. A few days ago, however, the claims nearest this lead bot- tomed at, eighteen feet on a wide ridge of sandstone,, on and beyond which no indica- tions of gold had been seen. , The ridge ex- tends across both loads. Tho claims adjoin- ing this reef are 35 feet deep. Tho general yield of gold is 14dwt. and lfluwt. to the load, but as much as2oz. have been obtained, while some have only had 2dwt. There is a wide extent of country around still unalienated, and , although the discovery of the sandstone reef has damped the ardour of many, yet others be- lieve the lead has outlets yet to be discovered, and prospecting holes are going down on every hand. . ? A promising icef, from five to seven foot wide, with gold plainly visiblo in the rtone, has been discovered near Maryborough ; and a now leefing district seems tobo about to be opened up at the Coliban river within a milo or two of its junction with the Campaspe. The surface stone from one of the new reefs in this neighbourhood has yielded crushings as high as ten ounces to the ton. This has been woiked out, but a deeper run of quartz has been found, which yields at the rate of thice ounces to the ton. It is believed that other equally rich reefs will be discovered, and that the Coliban on the cost of Bendigo will become as famous for its reefs as Marong on the west. The gross yield of gold from Ballarat for the last "week, as sent in by the different mining companies, is the folgest, with only one ex- ception, we have had lecorded since the good old days of young Ballarat, some sixteen years ago. The quantity is 13,445oz. lOdwt. 22gr., but as last week was one of those in which several of the companies' fortnightly reports are received, there may besóme SOOoz. or OOOoz. more than the regular weekly average jield ; but there aro also three or four small companies not represented. Tho yield which exceeded this was that of the 7th of last March, which was 13,067oz. lldwt. 12gr., but which was much augumen,ted at that particular time by the raising of" sundry machine bottoms, which added some- thing liko l,200oz. or l,400oz. to the regular washings : so that, on the whole, perhaps last week s yield may be set down as the largest obtained since the early days of shallow sinking and surfacing. A nugget weighing 150 ounces has been found by two wollong miners at Dunolly; one weighing twenty-one ounces has been discovered at Matlock ; and another of four and a half ounces was recently unearthed between Malmsbury and Taradale. The claim from which the latter nugget waa obtained is now being woiked by a. private party, and they have recently obtained a. considerable quantity of coarse gold from their claim. This is the moie interesting from the fact that the Central Company's ground, which Mr. Kitts has lccently sold in London, lies closely ad- jacent to the ground in question. Somo few specks of sealy gold havo boon received by the Prospecting Committee at Camperdown, from the party of miners they sent into the Cape Otway ranges to search for gold, and the leader of the party reports that they are oveirun with mice as large as "guinea pigs." QUEENSLAND GOLD-riELDS. The continuance of fine weather has allowed work, to be proceeded with energe- tically on these gold-fields, and recent rains have furnished the miners vyith tho chief necessary for piosccuting their labours. A crushing of 100 tons of stone from the claim of the prospectors on the Hector Reef Messrs. Price, Leoni, and Paris-has given a magnificent cake of gold weighing 202oz. This is looked upon as determining satisfac- torily the richness of the Hector Reef. 'We learn from a digger who has returned with several of his mates from the Gympie diggings that the proceeds of the labours of his partners and himscif, numbering thirteen in all, with pioper appliances and tho advantage of a long experience on most of the diggings in the sister colonies, only amounted to some six ounces, and this in a period of ten weeks, during which the sank sevoral claims, averaging in depth from twelve to twenty-eight feet. All of these proved duffers, willi the solitary exception of one-an en- croaching spur of washing-stuff from au ad- joining claim in this instance-yielding the amount cf auriferous deposit in mention. Our infoimant speaks of the exodus to the Cape River diggings as rapidly increasing. Goods, he says, are cheap enough; public houses, the theatres (of which there aro two), and the shanties, are liberally patronised ; lobberiesof a petty kind, especially between Nashville and the Onc-milo diggings, are, ho also tells us, of frequent occurrence. Both himself and paitners intend seeking a sphere of labour other than that which ho states alfords lemnneration only to the few. Being weil wounted, the pai ty perfoi med the return journey from Nashville to Durundur, passing 'i'raviston, Imbil, Ubi, and Conondale, on their way in one day ; and from Durundur to Brisbane, by Simpson's and Petrie's, in another, and portion of the evening. The last discoveied gold-field in Queensland is named Kilkiven. There has been a rush of over two thousand miners to it from Gympie. The prospects obtained aro reported to be good, hut the extent of the field has not been ascertained. Tho gold was first struck at a depth of four feet, and was thence traced down the creek into deep wet ground. In sinking there a prospect of a pennyweight to the dish was obtained. NEW ZEALAND GOLD-FIELDS. The province of Auckland seems at last to have a really productivo gold-field, tho Tapu Creek, in tho Thames district, having given some excellent yields of lato. Tho last steamer which had reached Auck- land from the new township of Short Itind had on board 500oz. of smelted gold for the Bank of Australasia, and in a claim known as tho "Lord Nelson" six ounces to the tin-dishful of washdirt had beon obtained. A good many claims had changed hands capitalists from Auckland buying in. His Excellency the Governor hud visited the Kaponga Company's, claim, where some lino specimens of crystallised golel and antimony were presented to Lim. The West Coast of Now Zealand papers to hand by the Rangitoto report that a reaction had set in on the subject of tho Queensland diggings. The Grey River Argus says : " The lost steamer from Sydney brought ninety-three diggers, who, after leaving remu- nerative employment in this colony, and im- poverishing themselves by months of en- forced idleness in Queensland, have been compelled to return to their old scene of labour. Wo learn that Sydney was crowded with men anxious to return, but without tho means of doing so, and that hundreds wero arriving from Queensland. A great many stowaways were ' discovered on board the ! steamer before her departure." THE LABOUR MARKET. Demand for labour has been but very in- active during the past month, a fact due in a largo measure to the political difficulties of the country, and consequent stoppage of public works, and also occasioned to some ex- tent by the general effects of the season of the year. All kinds of agricultural and other country labour have been but little sought after, and although the nominal rates of wages remain unchanged, it should be under, stood that many engagements have been effected at lower rates by persons in urgent need of employment. A largo number of cleiks are seeking situations, and after some newspaper correspondence on tho subject, many ot them havo taken the sensible step of combining to form a society for registration, and a kind of agency amongst ithemselves, to serve as a medium between the employers and the unemployed. They have published a cir- cular requesting the support or the employers) and a furnished office has been placed at thoir disposal by Beauchamp and Rooke. Building tiades arc not so dull as might havo been ex- pected under all tho ciicumstances, but many workmen jaro' idle, and tho starting of public works is much longed for. Wages may be quoted as follows :-Stone- masons and bricklayers, ^ 10s. per day ; barpenters, 9s. do. ; builders' labourers, 7s. do. ¡ shepherds, £30 to £40 per annum ; ' hutkecpers, £22 do. ; lads (who can milk), 12s. per week: general rai ra labourers, 10s. to 13s. do. ; three-rail fencers (stuff laid on the line), Is. 9d. to 2s. per rail ; grubbers and Splitters and fencers, 4s. per rod; wood-splitters, 3s. 6d. per ton ; gardeners, 20s. to 23s. aud 28s. (first-class) per week ; bush carpenters, 18s. to 20s. per weck, with rations ; general carpenters undertaking bushwork, 30s. do. ; black and shoeing smiths, 30s. do. ; wheelwrights, 35s. to 40s. do. ; brickmakers, 18s. to 20s. per 1,000, with rations ; married couples, without encumbranco (first-class), from £55 to £65 per annum ; do. (second class), £45 to £55 do. ; fomalo servants (good),' countiy, £26 to £28 do. ; laundi esses, £26 to £28 do. ; cooks, housemaids, £26 do. ; nursegirls, 5s. to 7s. per week. Common labour may be quoted at 0s. to 7s. per day. ' SPORTING. j During tho last month there havo been no racing events deserving mention in the May summary of Victorian news. Tho great, business of tho Turf has beon the inter ¿olonial contests over Randwick and Home- bush courses in Sydney, where, except in two ¿takes, the New South Wales horses beat the few Victorious that had the courage to face the former on their own ground. The cham- pion stable of the meetings was that of Mr. John Tait, well-known as a former good winner. On this occasion, his horses seemed to have so much the best of his opponent's, that he won with which he pleased, and the public lost their money accordingly. Mr. 'I ait's Sir Hercules' colt, The Barb, alco won the Queen's Plate, but came in 21b. short weight,, so the race was given to Mr. Do Mestre's horse Tim Whifller, the only other that started. An inquiry into the matter is at present pending before the Australian Jockey Club in Sydney, as it is suspected that there was "something wrong" intended, and carried out "somehow by somebody." The steeplechase season has just commenced with the Ballarat meeting last week, but the spoit was shorn of much of its former Dowling Forest glory, as one day's racing sufficed, and none of the equine celebrities of the steeple- chase took pai t in the proceedings. The successful disposal of Mr. C. B. Fisher's Maribyrnong Stud, by the plan of the "Ait Union Distribution," has induced Mr. Justice Checke, in New South Wales (owner of the Vairovillc stud), to offer his (some thirty) thoroughbreds for public competition, in like manner. The formidable colt, Fireworks (tho ihree-year-old of the season), is in tho lot. Mr. L. L. Smith's stud is also under offer to the public on similar terms. " The Doctor's" collection has in it some of the very best strains of running-blood in the colony ; the Melancholy Jaques, Lady Manners Sutton, Mon. Le Beau, and others, havo all shown great pace and thorough gamencss. The Touchstone blood is rather prevailing in this stud faim, but there are many good judges who esteem Touchstone as one of the very best sires that ever came to Victoiia. 1 ' THEATRES. ' ' At the Theatre Royal, Mr. Akhurst's bm lesque of ' ' The Siege of Troy, " af tor a success- ful run, gave way to tho re-appearanco of Mr. Walter Montgomery, who has been playing a round of his favourite characters, to good houses. ,His farewell benefit took place last evening (Friday). " The Siege of Troy" will be revived on Monday next. Mr. Mont- gomery will give a few readings, and after- wards proceed to South Australia, At tho Duke of Edinbuigh Theatre, under Mr. T. P. Bellah-, the company have been making good way with the public. The pleasing and interesting comedy of "Caste" has been brousht foiwaid again successfully, but a constant supply of novelty, or a change in tke bills, may seem to indicate the policy pursued. ' I The Piinccss's Theatre is at present un-' tenanted for dramatic purposes. DEATH OF MR. CHAS. VINCENT. 'The Victorian stage has just sustained onothor loss by the death of Mr. Charles Panruckcr Vinor (known as Mr. Charles Vincent), a public favourite, and one of the lessees of the Theatre Royal in this city. This very sad event took, place on Sunday, May 10. On the previous Friday week, while in the act of mounting his horse, without saddle, in his own yard, the animal swerved lound, and Mr. Vincent was thrown to the ground. In endeavouring to save'himself, he îeceived a compound fracture of tho thumb. On the,Sunday following, erysi- pelas of a very activo character set in, and in the couiso of thrco or, four days, although the erysipelas began to subside, it was then found that a much more serious complication existed, namely, pyomia, or the absorption of puruleutmatterinto the system. On Thursday, Mr. Garrard and Mr. Gillbec, two surgeons, continued in close attendance upon the unfortunate gentleman until the period of his death. They hardly expected liim to live through tho day on Friday, but towaids tile evening he rallied a little. On Saturday, however, the case became hope- less, and hu died tranquilly, as stated. Tue announcement of Mr. Vincent's death will, we are sure, bo received with universal sor low. His private worth and his very high merits as an actor had won him many Mends and a host of admirers; and it was felt that his recent instalment as lessee and principal manager of the Theatre Royal was only a fitting recognition of his excellent qualities. Mir. Vincent came out to this colony in the eariypoit of the year 1864, and, with Mrs. Vincent (known on the stage as Miss Cleve- land), made his first appearance at the Theatre Royal in the tiranna of "Leah" on February 27 of that year. Though the part ho sustained on that occasion was not the best qualified to pxhibit his powers in tho most favourable light, it was soon found, as be appeared successively in other characters, that in him the theatrical profession in this colony had received a most valuablo ac- cession to its ranks. The favourable estimation in which ho at once placed himself not only continued unimpaired, but steadily increased, and at bis death he had long possessed the entire confidence and ap pi oval of his audiences. This power of in- spiring îespect and good feeling ho possessed equally in private. IIo was a man to whom his friends instinctively warmed, and heuce of these lie liad far moro than the ordinary share. He was looked upon as a most valu- able element in such a composite community as this, for ho possessed great intelligence. He had îeceivçd moro than average educa- tional advantages, and he was gifted with a fine taste. M. CHEVALIER'S PICTURES. II. Chevalier's active pencil, still occupied with the scenery of New Zealand, has just completed four water-colour drawings which illustrate in a striking manner the grandeur of its mountain landscapes and the amenity of its lake districts. All the natural features of tho Lalee of Zurich appear tobo repro- duced in Lake Wakatipu, even to the mag- nificent entourage of mountains which adds so much to the chaim of the Swiss sheet of water ; while in the picture representing tho sources of the Waimakariri we havo just such a scene as Caíame delighted to sketch the foreground of laminated rock and tan- gled shrub, the impetuous torrent fringod with hardy trees, the one blasted pine standing uko a skeleton in the midst of its living kindred, the mist drifting across tho mountain buttresses, and the serrated crests of the distant range faintly defined against tho sky. Tho view of the Otira Gorge, again, embraces features as grand as those which arrest the attention of the tourist in crossing the Simplón or tho Splugen : and one cannot but admire the courage which planned and tho public spirit which executed this moun- tain road, and opened a line of traffic from the east to the west const of the province of Canterbury. Following the windings of a cataract, much as the Via Mala skirts the sources of the Rhine, crossing the beds i of tributar}' waterfalls,, .which como leaping down from ledges of rock at a great altitude, driving through forests in which a perpetual twilight roijms, and scaling eventually a ridge 3,000 feet above the level of tho sea, this pass is a noble monument of engineering skill ; and, judgins from the picture under notice, every curve of the road must offer to the landscape-painter an irresistible temptation to enrich, his portfolio with an additional J record of its constantly changing loveliness. From the special point of view chosen by M. Chevalier,' the eye is led gradually upward from a bright foreground, in which the warm sunshino sparkles on the " loosened silver" of the cascado, and heightens the brilliant verdure J of the grass and foliate, through . leagues of billowy-forest, up to regions of barren rock, bloaa glacier, and sombre cloud ; so that you get the sense of distance and also of altitude, combined with a clear perception of tho differoncein the atmospheric conditions of-the lower and the upper plane; and this without any dissonance in- the tone of the picture. The winding course of tho ravine, which tho torrent lias scooped out of a hollow in the mountain chain,'may be traced almost to the summit of tho ridge.'bcyond wb'ch the imagination follows the neighbouring road into regions as romantic ' as that with which the artist has now made us acquainted. Whe- ther as regardspoctical sentiment or technical treatment, 'we have seen no water- colour drawing of OM. Chovalier's' preferablo to this. Tho fourth picture from his easel is a viow of Akaroa Bay, a scene which resembles, iti its geneial characteristics, the lake reforrcd to above. It is a wai m and sunny landscape, enveloped in one of thoso lucid atmospheres which render distances so deceptive, and aro so unlike the veiled backgrounds and vanish- ing pdrspqctives of English scenery. THE 'PROGRESS OF ACCLIMATISATION 'IN VICTORIA. , , TO TUE ED1T0B OP ¡"LAND AND WATEB," BY ' 1'AVOUB OF TUE AHGU3. ' Sir,-In tho issue of Land and Water dated last February you ask the very perti- nent question, AVhat has, been done in accli- matisation ? and although it might reasonably bo supposed that the reports regularly issued by the -various acclimatisation societies''in these colonies would have to a large extent answered this question, yet I think it is well, in as concise a form as possible, to sot before you the progress of acclimatisation'in Victo rio, and its prospects for the future. Commencing with deer, several varieties havo been introduced into the colony, and of these varieties sufficient numbers of the fallow-, axis,1 hog, and Sambar deer havo beon set free by the society to fairly establish thom in the country. Of the fallow deer there are known to bo two or three herds, numbering I fiom eighty to 100 head ; of the axis deer there is a herd of over iifty running at large I on the Wimmera; .of the hog and Sambar deer no such definite information has been obtained, as they were turned out in parts of the colony much less frequented, but the society is constantly hearing of theso deer being seen ; Mr. Chirnside has tho red deer in considerable numbers at the AVei ribeo ; and the society is now breeding in its gardens the Barra singha, Formosan, Japanese, Ba tavian, Manilla, and Puddylield varieties of deer. Of all these latter kinds only singlo parrs were secured by the society, and it con- ' scqurntly takes years before a sufficient niim- I ber can be obtained to warrant tho oxperi- ' ment of turning them loose. I may mention that in the neighbouring colony of Tasmania the fallow deor exists in hundreds. You lef er .specially to the different kinds of antelopes as being veiy suitable to this climate. Allow me to say that it is not the fault of the society that these havo not been introduced ; ,but there is literally no vessels trading between South Africa and here ; and although our friend Mr. Edgar L. Layard, at the Capo, is always striving to send us animals. the difficulties and dangeis of tho passage via Mauritius, lessened as they are by the kindness of our old patron His Excellency Sir Henry Baikly, are so great, that but very few reach here alive. The same may bo said of India. The opportunities of sending animals direct mo comparatively fow ; and whilst the di- rectors and officers of the P. and O. Company are always most liberal in allowing a free passage to animals for this society, yet it is found that whenever there is a chango of vessel between the port of shipment and that of an i val tho, chances are few in favour of the animals getting safely to their destina- tion. With Ceylon we have direct stoain communication ; and Mr. Charles P. Layavd, of Colombo, is indefatigable in collecting.and forvvaiding deoi and birds to A'ictoria, and many species aro now completely established here. ' In your paper you refer'to the camels. These, although extremely useful in many parts of Australia, are of no value in Victoria, i as horses can travel throughout the length and breadth of this colony. Tho herd winch was imported from India by the Government for purposes of exploration has beon almost con- stantly in tho field, and consequently the breeding of the animals has not been so closely attended to as would otherwise have been the case. They are now in Queensland, having just returned with tho expedition that went out in search of Leichaidt, and it is likely that they will bo left in the hands of the Government of that colony. With the alpaca and vicuna the experience of these colonies has not been satisfactory. There is every reason to believe that the Hock introduced by Mr. Ledger into New South Wales was not of a high caste; and this, added to the fact that the climate proved too vt et and not sufficiently cold, has resulted in the almost total loss of the flock. The alpacas intioduced here by Mr. Duffield wero so badly managed by the persons who had tho oversight of tho afiair that within a few months every alpaca died, and this so dis couioged the gentlemen who wore interested in the speculation that its further prosecution n as abandoned. The society, in connexion with an enter- prising colonist-Mr. M'Cullough, of Mal- borough-introduced a flock of cashmere goats, numbering upwards of fifty. Theso goats were of the very finest strain, but the climate of the country has prevented any favomablc result. Far othei wise has it been w ith the Angora goat, of which upwards of 100 were introduced at the expense of tho society. This has proved a great success. The goals thrive adniii.ably, and the increase has been so loi gc that there is now in possession of the society here a flock of over 150 owes ; and seventy pure bred lams havo been distri- buted thioughout the colonies, with a view to the amelioiation of tho common breed of goats. This animal will, there is little reason to doubt, piove of immense importance to this country, and its wool will be in future j coi s one ot tho staple ai tides of export and manufacture. The hare, again, has been a wonderful success. Dr. Sclater sent the society two brace; and Lord Londesborough shipped six brace, of which three arrived. From these the increase has been remarkable, the hare in this colony having frequently three at a birth, and never less than two. There are fields now within a short distanco of Mel- bourne where twelve or fourteen hares can be put up at any time. In addition to the success attending the society's efforts, Mr. W. Lyall, of Harewood, Mr. Austin, of Barwon- park, and Mr. Godfrey, of Mount Ridley, have all been very successful with the hare. Shipments have been made from here both to Tasmania and New Zealand, and there is no reason to suppose but that success will be met with in those countries. The rabbit the society has never liberatod, fearing that it would prove anuisanco to the farmer; but the wild rabbit has been estab- lished here by Mr. Austin, of Barwou-park, and the silver-grey rabbit by Mr. Edward Wilson, of Arundel Farm, whilst several gen- tlemen have turned down the tame rabbit, and so formed private warrcns. Rabbits are now hawked about the streets of Melbourne as a regular article of food. In buds the society has many successes to chronicle. Some two years ago I was a good deal struck with tho reported success attend- ing the new system of ostrich farming at the Capo, as much as £23 worth of feathers being stated to be realised irom each bird in a year. I biought tho matter under tho notice of the society, and a sum of money wos voted for the introduction of thcto birds. Thanks to our friend Mr. Layard, five fine bil ds have already been received, and more are on their way. These five are now turned out on tho Wim- mera, Mr. Samuel Wilson having placed an enclosed paddock of 10,000 acres on ono of his stations at tho service of the society for this purpose With the English pheasant the society has not been so successful as could bo wished. Several of these birds havo been liberated in different localities ; but of course in a sparsely populated country liko Austialia it must ?bo some ycais beforo it can bo definitely pro- . nounced whether such experiments are to succeed or not. The samo remark will hold good in referenco to Indian pheasants, jungle fowls, black partridges, Cape francolina, Chinesepartridgcs, andfquail, which have boen set free in many parts of tho colony. Mr. Austin has introduced the English pheasant in considerable numbers, and is able to enter- tain shooting parties for the purpose of kill- ing tho surplus cocks. .,/ In tho provinces of Auckland and Nelson, New Zealand, the establishment of the Chinese pheasant is .completely assured; and this society is now. making efforts to secure the introduction of a largo number of these birds ,to Victoria. The .Ceylon, partridge has been turned loose here with success; and the society has just entered into a contract for the introduction of 150 brace of the English grey partridge, which there is little reason to doubt will flourish here. , i The Ceylon peafowl, Californian quail, and English wild-duck arc all perfectly acclima- tised ; and the guinea-fowl has been turned out in two or three places in the bush. The com- mon peafowl is wild in many parts of Now South Wales. \ In the smaller birds the society has com- pletely established here the Indian maina, Chinese sparrow, English thrush, skylark, I chaffinch, and sparrow, whilst there aro strong i hopes of the blackbird, linnet, and starling. I The sparrow may bo seen by hundreds all lound Melbourno; and, strange to say, already tho senseless cry has been raised that.j it is destroying the fruit, and it has been pro- > posed to exempt this biid from tho operation of the Game Act, which at presents protects all birds not indigenous to the country. The society is shortly expecting rooks from WintV sor, Hor Majesty tho Queen having promised, through Mnjor-goncral Soymour, to have somo prepared for shipraont, in response to a request made on behalf of the society by Mr It. T. Firebrace, now in London. Of the efforts mado to introduce fish I need hardlyspeak. 'You aro already so fully aware of tho success attending the introduction of the Folmon, salmon trout, and brown trout (these jost piesented by youl self to Mr. Youl) by the Government of Tasmaniain conjunction with this society,, that it is unnecessary to refer furthci to the matter. There is a line fresh- water fish here called the Murray cod. Some of these fish were several years ago introduced by Mr. Edward Wilson into the Yarra, by Mr. Samuel Wilson into the Wimmera, and by myself into the Yan Yean reservoir, and in every case a successful result has been ob- tained. Efforts aro about being madó to in- troduce this fish into Franco. Tho'Goyern nicnt of this colony arc now engaged in con- structing a ' scries of large reservoirs for the storage of water, and' the society has asked for, and obtained, thq cxclusivo.nght to stock these reservoirs with fish. Mr. Edwaid Wilson introduced the comnion honey bee many years ago, and in some parts of the ^ush honey and wax may now bd taken by tons. Since then the society has'intio duced the Ligurian beo, but the impossibility of preventing it becoming mixed with tho other bee has deprived the experiment of any useful ícsult. The society has done all in its power to foster the giowth of sericulture here. Ey tho kind offices of His Excellency,Sir Harry Paikcs, a box of the finest silkworms' eggs weie obtained from Japan, and distributed to peisons engaged in tins branch of industry. The ailantus worm has been introduced and largely hied by Messis. Assolim and Brady, of S) ciney. ' Several attempts have been made by Pro- fessor M'Coy and myself to secure the intro- duction of tho castor oil silkworm fiom India. The castor oil plant grows liko a weed here, and the worm will probably thrive well. A further experiment is now in progress, aud it is to be hoped it may be successful, Themaking of wine is a matter of vast im- portance to these colonies ; and in order to assist as far as possible, the society applied for a complete set of cuttings from the splendid collection of vines in the Luxembourg-gardens at Paris. This was immediately granted with the same kindness and courtesy that havo always characterised the proceedings of tho French Government towards this .society ; ai.d, in addition, a large number of valuable Burgundy cuttings were also sent. Bcfoic concluding, I should like to mention an interesting experiment made by the society twoyearsago, whenH.M.C.S.S. Victoria wont down to the Auckland Islands to look for ship- wrecked peisons. The opportunity was seized to send down a quantity of rabbits, goats, pigs, geese, and fowls, to liberate on these un inhobitc'd islands. Commander Norman kindly attended to this, and the society has lately received intelligence that the animals have thriven and increased, and have aheady been the means of saving the lives of one ship wiecked crew. , For the information of friends ata distance, I moy say that, in,nddition to allthe encourag- ing facts mentioned, the society has formed gai dens at au expense of several thousands of pounds, extending over fifty acres in close vicinity to Melbourne, where tho various animals in preparation for being turned out aie kept, ana that these gaideus are tho con- tinual icsort of hundreds of visitors. iTho society has always been largely sub- sidised by tho colonial Government, and I think you will admit that the liberal recogni- tion of a cause so calculated to increase tho happiness and well-being of tho poople as ac- climatisation by the Government and Legis- lature is a far wiser policy than that adopted by the English Government, of studiously ignoring all such efforts. I trust that tho perusal of this letter will convince you that much real progress has been made, and that tho satisfactory results aheady obtained will act as an incentive to renewed and increased exertions. ' I am, &c;, ' THOS. BLACK, President of tho Acclimatisation Society of i Victoria. Melbourne, May 4. THE VOLUNTEERS. This month wo havo no special volunteer- ing news. Not that the movement has lost one iota of its steady progress, but that at intervals it makes no public sign. At such times, however, its internal lifo is perhaps most vigorous. Thus, during the month, there havo been the usual patades, including a bat- talion parade of the metropolitan men ; and on the Queen's Birthday tho usual volunteor ícjoicings will take place. The volunteers of Ballal at have expicssed a desire to invite their Melbourne brethren to a joint íoviow on that day, but it has boen wisely held at Head-quarters that the volunteers represent in no slight way tho loyalty of their districts, and that consequently each locality ought to have its septuate demonstration, the mon turning out on parado firing their feu dejoic, and " marching past." Somo four weoks since the drill imtructois of tho cntiroforco wero summoned to town to go through a fierce ordeal of drill. After a fortnight of it they weie sent back to their districts, I fatigued, but fit. Next month the ¿Head- quarters aro tu bo moved to the various con- ti al districts in the country, and reviews held with moro or less of the pomp and circum- stance possible. Consequent upon tho excite- ment connected with the attempted assas- sination of Princo Alfred has como tho accusa- tion of a volunteer officer on Ballarat, in that certain disloyal-not to say Fenian-expres- sions wero attributed to him. It was proved, however, that the imaginations of tho accusers li ad been too stron g, and the supposed offender wns sent back to his duty. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS- PITAL. The following is a list of the deaths that have taken place during the month in the hospital, giving the names, and ages of the deceased persons, their places of birth, date of arrival in the colony, name of the ships in which they came, and cause of death : Abbott, Thomas, 25, bom in Essex, arrived by the Morning Light 1801 ; disease of the heart. Ashmoor, Thomas, 30, born at London, arrived by Sussex 1860 ; died of consumption. Black, Emma, 40, native of London, arrived in 1857 ; disease of brain. Bailiff, Isaac, born at Gloucester, 40. Barnier, George, 40, born at Dublin ; accidental death. Blyth, Edward, 59, born at Chester 1859 ; died of peritonitis. Campbell, John, 41, born in Perthshire, arrived 1855 ; consumption. M'Donald, Donald, born at Inverness, arrived by True Briton 1857 ; aneurism of aorta. Harris, John, 55, native of Devonshire, arrived 1857 in tho Ocean Chief ; dysentery, Huncock, William, 38, horn ut Staflordshiro, orrived 1864 by the City of Melbourne ; con- sumption. Hutchings, Wjn., 49, bom at London, arrived by the Veno 1867 ; consump- tion. Kelly, John. 48, bom in Ireland, arrived in 1863 by tlio Norfolk ; disease of tho brain., Kersey, William, 38, boni in England, arrived in 1854 in the Windsor : exhaustion. King, James, 58, native of Ireland, arrived in the Diadem, 1850 ; stricture of tho urethra. Lynch, Louisa, 23, and Denis Lynch, 19, nativcs,of Ireland ; typhoid fever, ," > ) M'Quecn, Ellen, 3>, bom at Tipperary, arrived in Reliance, 1857 ; consumption. O'Brien. Patrick, 60, native of Tipperary, arrived in the Champion of the Seas, 1856 ; disease of the lungs. " > Porter, AVm., 38, bom at Norfolk; typhoid fever. Patterson, Annie, l8, bom at Lou-, don, arrived 1857 ; died of peritonitis. Regan, Thomas, born at Tipperary« arrived1 . 1858 ; accidental death. : . ! Smith, Jessie, 47, bom at Inverness, ar riv ed 1849 ; pneumonia. , . j Tallock, John, 48;'pneumonia. Taylor,, Alfred, 34, native of London, arrived 1841; disease of bruin. ' i Arigurs, Geo. John, 45, nativo of London, ' arrived in 1808; consumption, , i AA'inters, Mary, 28, native of Limprick, arrived in tho Lightning 1860 ; disease of .the hcait. AA'ilson, Mary Jane, 28, arrived ia .the "Robert Small ; consumption. AVhite, George, 42, notiv c of Ireland, arrived in 1862 > in tho Oceana ; consumption. AVtlliams, > William, 33, native of Northumberland, ar- , rived in 1868 in the Isabella; intermittent fever. Warner, C^rlo, 44, native of Holland, ai rived in 1859 in tho Clarriss Corer ; diseaso of heart. _ ii mu.). RÁILAVAY RETURNS? '" ' ",, I ' The returns of f the liaffic receipts of the' A'ictorian j ail ways contiuue to piesent th» , healthy appearance ,thcy havo shown, air« through the year. The a^gre^ate revenue jto,, May 14th, has amounted to £212,67019s. 10d., giving a weekly average foi tho year of £11,193 10s. 6d. The figures for the samo pqribd £>£ , last year vycre, aggregate, £203,6Q4 3,0s. ^l'd],,;^ weekly average, £10,716 0s. 0d,; thus ^flowing-,,, an excess on tho part or tho present year, as. , compared with its predecessor, of £9,072 8s. lid. on the aggregate, and '£377 10a. on-'tho J w cckly average. . > > - ?> > The receipts on tho Melbourno and -Hobi son's Bay United Railway aro also in excess, ' . although only slightly, of those for tho cor- i responding period'of last year. Up.to the 14th May of the current year the amount taken has been £50,123 2s. 3d.,'the weekly av«ago beni»£2,598 10s. 6d. : whileithe simi- t lar peiiod of last year realised £41,54315s,2d., and a weekly av eiago of £2,550 0s. lid. THE FIJI .ISLANDS. The steamship Albion, that sailed! ro- ' cently from Sydney for Fiji and Japan,' ¡ had eighty passengers on board for ' King , Thakombau's territory, and so numerous i wero tho applications for borths that tho owners of the ship regretted they had' not' despatched her fdr Fiji alone, making' Mel- ' bourne tiie port ' (jf departure. There seems to be a very general curiosity,on the subject of those islands both hero and in Now ' South Wales, 'and most of the Albion's pas- sengers arc understood' to havo gone thither with a view to asceitain the capabilities of the islands in the way of trade, or as a fiold for settlement. Two of these, Messrs. Brewer and Evans, are tho agents of a company which it is proposed to form in this city, to carry on extensive business , opeiations in tho Fiji group, and they have"1 taken w ith them a draft charter, to which l they hope to obtain the signatures of the reigning monarch and his principal ^chiefs, i Wu havo a copy of tho chatter before us, and / it may possibly become an important histori- cal document at some future time. Wo will r state its more important details. In consider- ation of cei tam important privileges to bo ceded to tho company.lthc latter aro to "make suitable provision for the settlement of a claim of £10,01.0, or thereabouts, preferred against King Thakombau by the American J Government, for losses said to have been sus- tained by American subjects who resided in his kingdom ; " poy the King an annuity (of which tho amount has not yet been filled . in) fiom the date of the company's '< foi marion ; pay annuities (blank sum) to cei tain chiefs (the number not stated), and "at all times after the formation of the com- pany well and truly aid and assist King Thakombau in upholding and defending his kingdom." So much the delegates aro to undertako on the company's behalf. His - Majesty, of the other part, will,' should ,ho sign the charter as drafted, "for ever grant, cede, transfer, and set over unto" tiustees, on behalf of the company, certain islands and parts of islands sot forth in a schedule, "together with the soil or bed of all seas, rivers, and waters adjacent to or abut- ting on the said scheduled territory, and also all harbours, inlets, creeks, Se, which tho company may now or heieafter doom neces sary for the enjoyment of the said scheduled lands, &c.; ; also all mines or minerals in or" upon the same." Tho company will also havo the " sole and exclusiv e right to impose and. lev y such duties of Customs as to them may, seem fit on tho exportation and importation of goods into the kingdom of Fin, and to levy , whoifage 01 harboui rates ; and the exclusivo , nght to establish banks, and issue bank notes." No portion of the tonitoiy is to bo , alienated until the company havo been offered , "the prefcicntiol privilege,of acquiring tho same." The company are to have full and absolute aulhority to mako laws for the go- vernment of the inhabitants (native and foieign) on the lands ceded to thom j also to make laws to regulate the tiado and coin meice of the kingdom, or Buch portions of it , ad may bo inhabited by a white or mixed, population ; and to establish couits, appoint. judge1!, mngistiates, &c.; The King pledging i himself to uphold and defend the laws made by the company, and to protect tho inhabi- . tunts of the company's territory, and their property, fiom native or other violence. What his Fijian Majesty and his council of chiefs will havo to say to tho delegates and then draft chartci remains to be seen. * NOTES FROM THE SEA. On Thursday, 30th April, a disastrous acci- dent occurred off Circular Head, by which three lives were lost — namely, those of Mr. Edward Maxted, the master, and two of the seamen of the schooner Helen Ann. The schooner had put into Circular Head wind-bound, and when the weather became again favourable, Captain Maxted, previous to leaving, went ashore with the boat and two hands to procure a supply of freshwater. In returning to the schooner, the boat must either have capsized or else have been swamped, and all in it have thus met their death by drowning. The body of Captain Maxted, clinging to an oar, was recovered shortly after the occurrence, but life was extinct, although it is alleged there was some warmth in the body. The bodies of the other two men were not found. One of the men lost is supposed to be Richard Stephenson, as he is known to have lately come from Calcutta ; and an account of moneys received by Richard Stevenson at Calcutta is found on board. The other man is described on the articles as Thomas Kelly. A pocket-book belonging to John Kelly has been found on board, containing the follow- ing entry :— "Left London on 21st April, 1863, and Downs on 26th April. Arrived at Nelson, N.Z., on 28th August, 1863." Father's name, Denis Kelly, 2 Angel-alley, Whitechapel, London, E. — as per letter of January 13, 1867\. Sister's name — Mary Ann Kelly, 14 Tavistock-street, Bedford-square — as per let- ter of 28th December, 1866. Deceased's real name is supposed to be John. His age, as stated by his father in a letter, was thirty years on 21st November, 1866. . The Timaru Ila aid (N.Z.) states that the master of the stoamcr 'Lady Bird vc- ' ports that when on his way to Timaru, about three o'clock on Saturday morning, he was deceived and delayed for neatly three hours by tho appearance of a blight fixed light at an elevation of thiily or forty feet above the sea level, exhibited on tho beach about twelve or four- teen miks north of Timara, which light was at Hist taken by bim for the Timaru harbour light. Captain Lusher is nuable to account for the appearance of thought, and suggests that it must have been placed there by some poison, for the purpose of deceiving vessels mid di awing them on bliore. To say tho least, the oppcuruncc of such a light in the placed named is voy suspicious, as thoro is no habitation near. It has been pointed out that the Maories might have buen employed at the time in fishing with a light, or that the gioss in the neighbourhood might have» been on fire : but as Captain Lushur went in near shore, and was hovo-to for some hours, he w ould not bo deceived by such lights. The American barquo Masonic, which loft Boston on the 28th January, ai rived in tho boy on tho 20th May. Dining tho voyago an. oidinon' seaman, named Wi'liara. Moore, mot his death by di owning. The melancholy occurrence took placo on April 15, when the vessel was going at tho late of six knots an hour. The captain used every endeavour to save tho poor fellow, but without success. ÇOMMEKOIAL INTELLIGENCE. ,'t THE MAILS. i The Panama mail steamship Kaikoura, Captiyin Darke, arrived off Sydney Heads, unexpectedly, at half-past three o'clock on, the 27th inst. ' She left Panama on the 24th of March, aud made a splendid run to Wel- lington-the fastest, indeed, on record. The Kaikoura had a very favourable passage to the Island of Opara, where she arrived on tho 10 th, at forty-four minutes past three p.m., "in 404J hours from Panama. She hod. ! averaged over ten and three-quarter knots per^ hour. After taking in about 250 tons of' coal, she left on tho 11th, at ' twenty minutes to fivo p m., for Wellington, and arrived there at one p.m. on tlie 21st inst. During the remainder of the' passago she averaged ten and a quarter knots an hour, thus making the run from, Panama to WeUington, including her stoppage at Opara, in twenty-six days seven- teen hours. The P. and 0. Co.'s R.M.S.S. Geelong, Captain N. J. Skottowe, with more than ad- mirable punctuality, arrived on the morning of"the 15th with the English March mails, which" wero delivered ' sixteen hours befoio contract time. ' STATE OF TRADE. Complaints of dulness have been' very preVakhit throughout the month just closed, though the monotony has on moro than one occasion been relieved by heavy speculative operations. ' ' Wo note a great faUing-off in the <îéoand foi Dandee goods ; neither corn sacks nor woolpacks havo found much favour. About four thousand boxes ¡will cover the extent of candles sold during the month. In coffee we noto the sale of tho greater por- tion of, ¿ho Stanley's cargo. In breadstufts, both' Hour and wheat havo not been iu much repute,1 and tho¿ maiket has been very depressed ; on the other hand, feeding grains havo been more" active! some 40,000 bushels oats finding buyers at very full figures. 20,000 cases of ' kerosene oil have changed hands, but a considerable decline in price has had to be submitted to. Patna ripe has been largely dealt in ¡ the cntiio cargo of the Albert Victor was disposed of early m the month,'and re-sales to tho extent of 600 tons'have also boen made hi addition; the valuo has advanced fully £2, per ton. Great excitement was created in the sugar market in the commencement of the month owing to the disastious accounts then received from Mauritius, and prices wero. forced up £3 tow£4 per j ton. i After this < excitement subsided, the market became languid,* and prices having a downward tendency, look as'if they would once moro touch torwaid rates; themonth'ssales amountto42,000bags. , A very extensive speculative business in teas ' has ¡also come under our notice; and sales, embracing the entire cargo per Juno, about 4,000 packages, the balances of the Matador and" Albert Jurrs's cargoes, amounting to 4,000 packages, and various other' ship- ments are amongst the transactions reported. In i timbei, one cargo of deals has changed hands. In tobaccoes, aromatics and twists have attracted the notice of specu- lators. The arrival of the branch steamer with the March mails from Eui ope was tele- graphed from Adelaide on the night of the 12th instant, and on Thursday morning, the 14th, the Geelong arrived in Hobson's Bay. Tho exports to Victoria for the month ending 10th March show a deciease of £33,577, and a decrease to all the colonies of £65,126. From Calcutta to 30th March we learn of the departure of the Melrose and Charlotte Andrews for Sydney- The Frances Henty had. arrived from Melbourne, and was to load back.. Our dates from New York, which reach to 10th March, advise tho departure of the Hellespont, Antelope, and ^nglo-Saxon with 35,000 cases oil, while six vessels foi tho colonies wero loading at. New Yoik and Boston. Advices from China and other por- tions of the Fast are not of much interest. EXCHANGE AND MONEV. Exchange on London for sixty-days' sight hills iSivery firm at one per cent, pieraiuni. The Oriental Bank draws on tho Bank of England, on demand, at two pel cent, pre- mium, and issues circular notes, payablo all over the East, at one per cent, over that. The îates of discount îemain unaltered, mer- cantile bills having three and four months to run being discounted at seven and eight per cent. Intcicst on deposits is allowed hy the banks at four, three, and two per cent, for lodgment at six, four, and three months' notice respectively. < STOCK AND STATIONS. The greatdepreciation in squatting proporty still causes uneasiness, and the gravest ap firehensions aro entertained m regaid to utitro prospects, which the occasional failures from time to time becoming public do not tend to allay. The suspension of a squatter near Sandhurst, with liabilities: amounting to £75,000, was reported last week. Numerous attempts havo boen made during the month to realise on station piopeity, but without success. The only solo reported is that of the Eh Elwah Station, in the Mur- rumbidgee district of New South Wales, the property of Mr. George Fairbairn, together with 37,000 sheep, all implements, horses, bullocks, cattle, and station plant, which was disposed of to Messrs. George Dill and Co. Tho price obtained was satisfactory. A new and practicable îouto for stock has been formed from Bulloo to Menindie by Mr. A. F. Sullivan, which saves not less than 250 miles as compared with the route previously adopted. Three hundred fat cattle have como through, and the distance travelled by them was only 260 miles. Our informant also tells us that tho Bulloo Rivci district is be- coming one of the most important cattle districts in Aushalia. Coppei's Cicek is only 100 miles distant from the noaiost point of the Bulloo, and by this now route-which is wellwateied throughout-is only 300 miles from Menindie. . The system of boiling down sheep foi their fat ia gradually extending itself, In addition to the numerous establishments previously erected, we notice from the Aiarat papéis that " at Eveisley, Mr. Armitago has erected a small establishment foi his own requiic ments and those of, his irnmodiato ncigh uoui s. At the piesent timo he is able to re- duce about fifty sheep a-day ; and ho intends to BO ina ease and improve tho appliances after shearing that he w ill be in a position to treat 1,000 sheep per week. Mr. Armitage proposes commencing operations on behalf of the public so soon as ho makes tho need- ful enlargements. His system is said to be economical." Messis. King and Cuningham repoi t having sold by private contiact, the Eli Elwah sta- tion, m tho Muirumbidgec distuct of New South Wales, the piopeity of Mi. Geoige Faiibairn, together with 2,000 acies of pui choscd land, 37 000 sheep, all implements, horses, bullocks, cattle, and station plant, to .Messis. George Dill and Co. The prico ob- tained was satisfactory. Till: RIVER TRADE. Tho Federal Standard gives the following on the authority of its Wahgunyah cono 8pondent :-"The note of picparation for tho river season has been sounded, the several steamboat owncis looking foiwaid to a much moro extensivo ti ailie than usual. On the Corowa side, Messrs. Smith and Banks aro erecting new wharves and storage-sheds ; and I notice Mr. Craig, tho representativo of this firm, has aheady arrived to tako charge of the operations. Mr. William Sin'th leaves this place in a few days for Melbourne, ?where ho will take the management of the business entrusted to his now steamer, the Coiowa. It is also said that Mr. Foord will liavo a now steamer of much larger dimen- sions than the Wahgunyah. If the Govern- ment havo only the common sense to allow the asked for íebate of 10 pel cent, on traffic hy the Echuca railway, they will not only securo a largo business to their railway, but also give considerable assistance to the Murray trade." RAILWAY REVENUE. It is satisfactory to find that the improve- ment which we have noted in tho rovenue of tim Government lines of railway extends to tlie Hobson's Bay Company's lines ; and wo may conclude, therefore, that this incroase of business really represents a change for the better in tho state of the trado of the colony. Wo notice that last week the levcnuo of the Hobson's Bay Company's lines amounted to no less Ulan £3,348, as compared with £2,057 in the samo week of the previous year. This, however, was attributable mainly to the pas tenger traffic. Tho aggregate income for the year to dato was £48,212, as against £47,874 in the samo period of last year ; and the average for tho week ending on the 7th May was £2,636, as against £2,697. BENDIGO GRAl'KS. " More than once," says the Ballarat Courier, " havo wo had occasion to allude to the superiority of Bendigo gropes and Bendigo winn over grapes grown and made in this or the Geelong district. As there may be still soma sceptics upon the point, we refer our readers to the fact that upwards of 300 case* of grapes grown near Sandhurst are being weekly brought into the Ballarat market by Sir. Antcliffe, the gentleman who caused to be displayed the two superb bunches'we called attention to the other day. Mr. Ant- cliffe having heard of the fumo of the Bendigo vintage, detcrpdned to go and see for himself, and has since acted in the way we havo men-, tioned, upon the conviction forced upon him by his visit. The public humour hits with the taste of Mr. Antcliffe, and hence nothing but Bendigo gropes will go down now, even with the juveniles. It is well for Sandhurst and neigh- bourhood that such a profitable outlet for its surplus produco as Ballarat has been found,, and become grateful for. If wo could only reciprocate by stimulating the Bendigoniaus to work their deep alluvial leads as oui s are worked, a great mutual benefit would accrue. To institute a comparison of tho best Geelong wines with those of the Messrs. Bruhn, and Messrs. Home and Grieffenhagen, of the Axe Creek, Bendigo, would be not unlike com- paring buttermilk with cream." VICTORIAN BAISINS. A specimen of muscatel raisins, prepared | in South Yarra, has been sent to us by Mr. Turin, the maker, i If equal success could bo obtained on a large scale wo should bo able to congratulate the colony on the commence- ment of a new industry which might become of some importance. These raisins, although they may not be of the first-class, would do extremely well in puddings, > . NEW INDOSTBIES. Tho Bellerine Flax Company anticipate by the sale of seed alone to meet all their cur- rent expenses this season,-tho proceeds of the sale of the fibre to go to dividend account. From thirty to forty acres havo been sown altogether, but too late fully to reap the benefits of the crop. A Melbourne firm has offered to purchase the seed for the manufac- ture of oil and oil-cake, or to crush the samo for the company. i 1 NEW DI8C0VERIE8. ¡ On the subject of the reported discovory, of silver-lead ore in. the neighbourhood of Smythesdale, the discoverer, Mr. Smith Tib- bits, who claims to have had great experience in mining, both in England and Victoria, writes as follows:-"Tho land for which,I have the grant is situated four miles from Linton, being on the north side of the road from Linton to Skipton, half a mile distant. Opposite.the fourth milestone, and, is the western end or point of a dividing rango running nearly east and west, parallel with tho road to Linton. The contractor for making the road for the metal for the Same had excavated on two reefs-one to the depth of about six feet and tho pther twelve feet. I wafched their working, and after the contractivos finished and the place abandoned, I went several times and examined these workings, and found lead in both reefs, which are 600 yards from each other. I believe the main body of lead will be found going nearly east and west, crossing these reefs, following a cross course, which is the junction of the granite with the slate and sandstone. I can trace indications of lead two or three miles to the west and to tho east, a little to the north of Linton ; thenco between Old Lucky AVomau's and Happy Valley,! along the range, for Mount Erick, aud on near A\roady Yaloak. It will be of vast importance to tho neigh- bourhood, more particularly to Linton, as eventually it will be worked to, if not under, that town. I have not at present picked in a foot anywhere without finding the gossan and crystals very good ; iu fact, I can find lead all about. Even the stones lying about the suifaco, called, and supposed by gold- diggers to be, iron cement, are gossanous stones from tho veins of load, and contain lead, and most likely silver. I believe this discovery to be the first step to opening a most extensive lead-bearing district of some fifteen miles or more, and that no one can foi m an idea ot the benefit it will be, not only to this place, but for many miles round. " It will be in the remembrance of our readers that a few weeks ago a notice ap- pealed of the discovery of kerosene shale in the vicinity of the Latrobe. The Gipps Land Guardian is informed by one of the prospec- tors that "the samples wero sent to Mel- bourne, and have been analysed. It has been found that they arc good samples of shale ; ond an opinion has been expressed, in the re- port of the analysis, that should tho deposit be deep the quantity of the material will in- crease in proportion to the depth, as the sam- ples taken about two feet from the surface are superior to thoso found on the surface. Should a more extended search lead to the discovery of the deposit in large quantities, so as to make the speculation remunerative, immense good will be done to the district. An opinion has been expicssed that the de- posit is not confined to the immediate vicinity of the spot where it has been discovered, but extends over a considerable area. This of course can only be learned by a diligent search, and till that search has been accom- plished nothing definito as to the extent can be stated." PEARL riSHEltY. The following, on tho subject of the pearl fishery on tho north-west coast of the Aus- tralian continent, is from a report by tho Government Resident at Nicol Bay, printed in the Perth Gazette of April 3 :-"The peart shell fishery is most prosperous, and if wo are to believe report, notwithstanding tho number of boats now engaged in it-the re- turns average a ton of shells per twenty-seven days for every white man employed, but it must be observed that much ot this ' beach- combing work'-for it is but little more-is done by natives ; but even then the gain must be enormous, considering that a.ton of shells 1 will readily sell in the colony for £100, giving £25 a week for each white man engaged m tho venture; something like the palmy days of the \rictorian gold-fields, when surface digging gave such splendid returns. Like the gold- fields, however, such golden harvests cannot last- long, and the simple means and the small boats now so successful in the shallow waters along the coast will soon find thoy havo gathered in all the harvest within their leach, and the field of deeper waters will re- quire larger ciaffc, fitted with proper diving appaiatus, the employment of which will in all probability produce equal, if not better, re- sults." In connexion with this, it will in- terest our readers to learn that a little expe- dition has already sailed from our own port for the pearl fishery, with the very appliances that the Government Resident indicates as necessary to the successful prosecution of the fishery in deep water. Some time ago a AVestern Australian colonist visited Melbourne, and pioposcd to a few friends to join him in a peail-fishing adventure, which they agreed to do, aud a suitable veb sol was puichased, fitted up, and despatched to the sccno of operations with business- like promptitude. It is satisfactory to find that their spirited enterprise is likely to be richly rewarded. ' A NEW r-ATENT. The Ballarat Star 'mentions that a patent has been obtained by Mr. Edward Dale, of Clunes, for an improved brick-making ma- chine. Hitherto there seems to havo been a difficulty in making by machinery a clean pel feet brick, but in this instance that diffi- culty has beqn obviated, as by pressing upon a lever tho tempered clay is rapidly piojected fiom tho mill thiough a succession of moulds, and ultimately appears in the form of well shaped blicks. Extensive sheds have been erected close to the sludge dam of the late Clunes Alluvial Company, and the proprietors aie enabled, with four men and a horse and cart, to make, set, and stack, ready for burning, 25,000 bricks per week. A kiln containing 100,000 bricks would require twenty-five coids of wood (ut a cost of about 16s. vier coid), and would tako four days to burn. As bricks at Clunes are worth from £2 to £2 5s. per thousand, there would thus bo a handsomo profit left for the proprietors ; and they certainly deserve to bo successful, for their energy in not only utilising the im- mense mass ot unsightly sludge now cumber- ing the ground, but at the samo timo supply- ing tho inhabitants of Clunes witli a well made and woll-burncd brick, an article which previously could scarcely bo procurrcd in the locality. Mr. Dale's bricks, which are being used in the erection of the Rcchabite-hallanu other buildings, are highly spoken of and in great request. MELBOURNE BATEADLE l'HOl'EUTY. The amount of the assessment on the rate- able property within tho city boundaries for tho present year was £653,984, and the result of the appeals was a reduction to £650,100. Tho total amount of the assessments of the preceding seven years was as follows :-1861, £652,076 ; 1862, £581,774 ; 1863, £555,708 ; 1864, £550,998; 1865, £569,483 ; 1800, £595,205; 1867, £613,665. There has been an increase of about 1,500 houses since 1861. CORl'OItATION LOAN. At the meeting of tho City Council on the 18th inst., the only business of importance was the adoption of a report from tho Finance Committee recommending that a sum of £50,000 bo borrowed for the purpose of carry inK out improvements in the streets and the public parks of the city. A hope was ex- pressed by Councillor Williams fhat the loan would be placed in the London maiket, but several other members of the council thought that course unnecessary, and that the de- bentures would îealise a premium of £5 per cent, in Melbourne. The mayor of Adelaide (Mr. Fuller) and Councillor'Hill, who aré on a visit to Melbourne,, were present at tho meeting of the council.'aud were cordially received by their brethren of the Corporation of Melbourne. ' INTESTATE ESTATES. The estates of fourteen deceased porsons who left no wills, weie placed during the month in the care of the Curator of Intestate Estates. In one of these cases, the deceased -James Ward, Maldon-^-left1 tho large sum of £3,744 ; James Boyd, who died at Longere- nong, was possessed of £278 ; Peter Murray, Ballyang, near Geelong, loft £197; and Gar- rett Fitzgerald, Bairnsdale", £195. All these four were of Irish birth. The total sum left undisposed of by these fourteen persons was £4,836 8s. 7d. COMMUNICATION WITH THE INTERIOR. Coach communication with the far interior is rapidly extending. .The Pastoral finies re- marks :-" By leaving Melbourne by Cobb's coach on Saturday, via Echuca and Denili- quin,, tho passenger can land i at Wilcannia, by Giace's Royal Mail, on the Wednesday fol- lowing, and by Saturday morning he can bo at Cooper's Creek, the death-place of Burke and Wills. It will be remembered that the famous explorers took their departure from this latter place, crossed the continent, re- turned to Cooper's Ceeek, and died thero. The country around is now taken up, and partially stocked. In five yeais hence it is expected that we shaU be able to make Carpentaria by coach." , PUBLIC'COMPANIES. ' ' , ' THE BANKS. ! NATIONAL BANK OE AUSTRALASIA.-The an- nual meeting of the shareholders of this bank was held, at their head offices, Collins-street, on tho 6th inst.' The attendance was con- siderable ; and Sir Francis Murphy, chairman of directors, presided. Mr. A. Priestley, ac- countant of the bank, read the directors' re- port and balance-sheet, which were published in The Argus just before the departure of the last English mail. The Chair- man said he had little to state to the shareholders. The report and balance-sheet showed,' he was happy to say, the true position of the bank both here and in South Australia. Everything was . in.-a prosperous and flourishing state ; the losses were small indeed, and the bad and doubtful debts were of a most trilling character, and amply com- pensated for by the allowances made on their account. It was unnecessary for him to do moic now than follow his usual course, viz., move tlie adoption of the report, and con- gratulate the stockholders on the flourishing condition of their pioperty; that position he could confidently assure them would be maintained by the management both hero and in Adelaide ; and no doubt the prosperity hitherto enjoyed would be always experienced in the future. Dr. Godfrey Howitt seconded the proposition, which was carried unani- mously. Councillor T. Moubray moved, and Mr. E. AVhitby seconded, the re-election of Messrs. A. Sutherland and Geo. Martin as directors. They had retired by rotation, and wero the only candidates for the office. Tho motion was agreed to without opposition. Mr. Taylor moved, and Mr. Vf. Elsdon seconded, the ie-appointmcnt of Messrs. A. Lyell and W. A. Zeal as auditors. Tho motion was carried unanimously. Mr. J. Wilson proposed, and Mr. J. Gudeman se- conded, the following proposition:-"That the thanks of the sliareholders be given to the several boards of directors, and to the management at the head office at Ade- laide, at Perth, and also in London, for their services to the bank during the past half year." The Chairman returned thanks on the part of the boards of management here, at Ade- laide, and at Perth. He oould safely say that the position which the bank had attained was entirely attributable to those who were at the head of affairs the working pai t of the management of the bank, i.e., the several managers and the gen- tlemen whoso services the shareholders were fortunate enough to have secured. He had forgotten to mention the London branch, wheio a material share of the business of the bank was transacted. The attention of tho directors and the management had been most beneficial to the carrying on of the bank affairs, which would, in all probability, bo conducted as profitably as now during years to come. In conclusion, he begged to stato that tho dividend would be payable next day. The proceedings then closed. BANK OP NEW SOUTH WALES.-The fol- lowing is the thirty-fifth report of the direc- tors, which was presented to the half-yearly general meeting of the proprietors on Wed- nesday, the 29th day of April : The directors havo tho plcasuro to present to tho proprietors tho usual certlflcd statement of tho assets and liabilities of tho bank on tho 81st ultimo : The net profits for tho half-year, after deducting rebate on current bills, interest on deposits, providing for bad and doubtful debts, reducing v aluation of bank premises, and pay- ing taxes on note circulation, amount to.£75,431 2 11 To which is to bo added Undivided balance from last half-year.. 4,001 i 3 Giving for distribution.£70,405 7 2 Which tho directors recommend to bo appropriated as follows: Io pavmont of dividend at tho rate of 16 per cont. per annum .. ..£75,000 0 0 To balanco carried to prout and loss, now account .4,405 7 2 £70,405 7 2 During the half-year a branch of tho bank has boen established at Armidale, In the district of New Eng- land ; and agencies at the cold-Holds of Orenfoll, in this colony, and JNashv Hie, Oynipio Creek, In the colony of Queensland. The dividend vi ill bo payable at tho head office to-morrow, and at the branches on receipt of advice AaoitEOAiK BAI,AÎ>CK SIIKFT (Including London branch to December 31,18G7, and New Zealand branches to March 2,1808 ) Dr. To bank stock .£1,000,000 0 0 To reserve fund . 333,833 0 8 To notes In circulation .. .. 028,308 0 0 To bills pajablo . 1,027,771 10 0 To deposit« and other liabilities .. 5,010,895 13 1 To prout and loss. ioo,805 is o £8,716,074 2 0 Cr. - By coin and cash balances .. .. £1,003,253 16 4 By bullion in hand and in transit to London, March 31 .. .. 073,330 10 11 By Government securities.. .. 244,504 10 5 By notes of other banks .. .. 18,444 0 0 By bank promises. 178,207 10 5 By bills receivable, btllsdtscountcd, and other dobts due to tho bank 5,030,438 11 11 By insuranco account .. .. 3,870 2 0 £8,715,074 2 0 PROUT AND LOSS, Dr. March 31,1808,-To robato (at cur- rent rates) on bills discounted not due at this date .. .. £20,870 5 10 To dividend, at tho rato of fiftoon per tent, per annum .. .. 75,000 0 0 To balance carried to profit and loss, new account. 4,405 7 2 £160,805 13 0 Cr. - Sept. 80, 1807.-By amount from last account. £4,004 4 3 March 31, 1808.-By balanco of half-j ear's profits, after providing for bad and doubtful debts, and including recoveries from dobts previously written off as bad .. 105,301 8 0 £100,305 13 0 At the annual meeting of the share- holders of tho National Bank a dividend of ten per cent, and a bonus of Is. per shale, equivalent to two and a half per cent., worn dfclaied. The other business trans- act formal, and everything went off SIIIOM. i. It is in contemplation to build new offices for this bank in Melbourne, and wo believo tho premises in Collins-street lately occupied by Koynolds and English, the carriers, have been pui chased for the pur- pose. Bank of Australasia.-Tho gonoral abstract, show Ing the average amount of the liabilities and assois of tho Bank of Australasia within the colony of Victoria, taken from the sov eral weekly statements during the quarter from tho lbt January to the 31st March, 1SGS, Is given In tho "Gazette":-Liabilities-Notosin circu- lation, not bearing Interest, £221,253 10*. Od. ; bills in circulation, not bearing Interest, £11,335 18s. lid. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £607,052 18s. 4d. ; deposits, bearing Interest, £1,109,240 18s. Id. Total amount of liabilities, £1,098.807 12s. Id. Assets-Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £263,002 17s. 8J. ; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £143,700 10s. ; landed property, £84.450 ; notes and bills of other banks, £32,602 4s. Id. ; amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every description, oxcoptlng notos, bills, and balances duo to the said bank from other banks, £1,703,335 16s. 3d Total amount of assoU, £2,227,057178. Amount of the capital stock paid up at this date. £1,200,000 ; rat« of tlie last dividend declared to the shareholders, G per cent, per annum, vv 1th a bonus at tho rate of 0J per cont. per annum, being together equal to 121 per cent per annum ; amount of the lostdlv idend declared, £75,000 ; amount of the reserved profits after declaring such dividend, £351,76314s. Commercial Bank.-The amount of the liabilities and assois of tho Commercial Bank of Australia (Limited) is as follows ¡-Liabilities-Notes in circu lotion, not bearing Interest, £20,230 9a. 8el. ; bills I" circulation, not bealing interest, £348 17s. 8el. ; balances duo te other banks, £13,603 la. 4d. ; do posits, not boing interest, £73,043 18s. 7d. ; doposita, bearing intorcst, £121,670 12s. Id. Total amount ot liabilities, £'38,708 13a. Od. Assots-Coined gold and Bilver and othor coinod metals, £00,684 18s. Id. ; gold and stlvor in bullion or bars, £10.048 7a. Od. ; landod proporty, £1,200; notes and bills of othor banks, £7,763 17s. lOd. J balances duo from other banks, £11,638 7s. Od. ; amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all Btock and funded debts of overy description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to the said bank from othor banks, £246,080 2s. Gd. Total amount of assets, £360,114 13s. lid. "Tho return also includes the fol- lowing :-Amount of tlio capital Btook paid up at the close of the quarter ending 31st Mardi, 1803, £108,885;. , .Langlands' Foundry Company (Limited).- . The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on the 29th April, at the foundry build' ings, and a largo number of shareholder were present. The Hon. C. J. Jenner- presided. The report presented by the directors at the second general meeting was as follows :> " The directors, in presenting their report for tho half-year ending' 31st Mareh, 1868, feel assured that tho result of the six months' operations will be regarded by the share- holders as thoroughly satisfactory. Tho do mandi for mining machinery, both for this colony and New Zealand, has considerably improved, and tho amount of vyork executed has been much greater proportionately than during the first four months and a halt of tho company's operations, viz., £22,237 as against £14,852, or at the rate of £14,470 per annum as against £39,600. The gross profita aro large, amounting to £3,909 14s, 4d., even after deducting the amount of £500 for repairs and depreciation of plant. The net profits would have been in the same proportion as for tho first four months and a half but for £150 which the company had to pay for demurrage on a contract lor tho supply of a new boiler and repairs to the engines of the steamship Tamar. Great improvements havo boon effected in the plant, all the new lathes pur- chased by the company being now erected, and a now boiler having beon Duilt in. Im- portant alterations havo been made in the blacksmiths' and boilermakers' shops, a new framehas beenmade for tkeChilianmill, anew hoist for saving labour in conveying metal to tho cupola has becu erected, and other im- provements have been made. The stock, as usual, has been taken at the wholesale prices current in the marketat the 31st March, since which time a riso has taken place in favour of the company, more particularly in the item of pig iron, of which the company held a good stock. Tho directors would call special attention to the 'great reduction of £1,500 in outstanding accounts since 30th September, they being now only £3,760-£700 of which being due by Government, and £1,200 of the balance having beon since col- lected, it is apparent that they aro of an undoubtedly good character. In fact, no bad debt of any consequence has as yet been made. The net profit of £1,012 Is. 7d., together with the £868 15s. 8d., which was carried to the ciedit of profit and loss account at the 30th September, will enable the directors to pay interest to the shareholders at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum, as provided "by the articles of association, and also carry the large amount of £1,250 forward to a reservo fund, which is equal to an additional Iff per cent, on the paid-up capital. The liabilities have been reduced by the amount of £2,400 ; and as the copital upon the progressive shores continues to be paid in regularly, not only will the company's position be gradually strengthened, but a very large proportion of tho present heavy disbursements for interest will be saved, and go to increase the net piofits. Among the important contracts carried out by the company during the last six months, the directors may mention a new shaft for the Great Britain (under a penalty of £50 per day), and a new stem for the Dan- denong (under a penalty of £20 per day). The former was completed three days within the contract time, and the latter in the time specified. A new cylinder for the Alhambra (a somewhat largo undertaking for the colony) has been successfully cast, and is now being fitted on board. In conclusion, your directors are happy to state that the company com- mences the present six months with a greater amount of work on hand, and a better pros- pect of a continuance of the same, than it hos ever had before ; and they trust to be able with continued care and good management, to maintain, if not to improve, the per-cent oge of profit." NEW FIRE INbURANOE COMPANY. A new fire insmance company, to be de- signated the National Insuiance Company, is about to be established, with every pros- pect of success. The directory embraces the names of a number of well-known merchants in Melbourne, and the secretary is Mr. Macre- die, so favouiably known as connected with the Australasian office, when first established in 1857, and for six years afterwards. The object sought to bo carried out, as stated in the prospectus, is one that ought to commend itself to the public-viz., to do away with "a wide-spread reeling of dissatisfaction amongst the insured, arising from a conviction that the rates charged aro excessive, and that many excellent risks are overy day declined, or cut down one-half." A riJI TRADING COSiPANY. _ By the steamer which left for Sydney on the 7th inst., two gentlemen connected with the project of a Fiji bankingjand trading com- pany, proceeded as delegates for a number of influential colonists, to make anangements with the Fijian Government for tho liquida- tion of the American debt, and to obtain such concessions as will enable the company to start business with eclat and assurance of success. The delegates left Sydney by the Albion steamer on the 11th inst., and we understand they will be the bearers of valuable presents and influential letters for the principal personages in the group ; and we are also informed that the steamer will remain in the haibour of Levuka sufficiently long to allow of a grand entertainment being given to King Thaltombau. IMPORTS AND EXPORTS. The following table gives the imports and exports since the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1867 : Imports. i Exports. Week ending I 1807. 1807\. 1803. £ Jan. 4 343,447 Jan. 11 873,050 Jan. l8 800,468 Jan. 25 210,874 Feb. 1 231,807 Feb. 8 214,354 Feb. 15 , 103,038 Feb. 22 Fob. 20 Mar. 7 liar. 14 Mar. 21 Mar. 28 April 4 April 11 830,475 208,454 287,223 241,407 100,406 08,724 147,842 404,010 April l8 180,410 April 25 ' 200,802 May 2 207,054 May 0 207,700 May 10 178,560 212,880 807,500 183,577 230,620, 203,480 414,000 248,100 210,074 403,500 242,0011 610,828 , 218,774 321,700 I 105.042 I 300,773 807,835 ! 213,047 531,002 222,071 200,410 877,252 310,340 143,040 73.0SS 212,403 827,618, 487,000 170,313 , 80,042 ' 403,309 160,1501 234,234 631,725 103,020 205,048 272,703 229,8581 238,435 228,553 164,703 182,010 254,030 201,030 62,003 81,423 133,801 275,3401 142,092 237,736 210,120 235,011 143,051 224,340 438,540 200,308 80,291 30,783 248,100 156,215 145,171 _4,705,578 I 4,403,570 I 4.031.86S ' 6,972,331 During tho first period the account stood thus : imports .£4,705,673 Exporta .. _ .. .. 4,031,858 Balancc.of imports over exporta £103,720 During the second period : Imports . Exports .. .. ' Balanrn of exports over imports £1,609,261 HT00KS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on tho 18th of May : Brandy, 4.368J hhds., 10,733 cases ; rum, 416.J hhds., 785 coses ; geneva, 41 hhds., 16,116 cases red, 5,049 do. green; whiskey, 392Í hhds., 1,139 cases ; gin (Sweetened), 0 hhds., 1,302 cases ; cordials, 2,113 Cases ; spirits of wine, 14 hhds. : other spirits, 21 \ hhds., 0,774 cases ; wine, 0,654 hhds." 15,035 cases j beer, 2,876 hhds., 10,039 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufactured), 2.000 half-ticrccs, 1,789 quarter-tieices, 11,314 three- quarter boxes and boxes, 6,482 cases-total, 3,330,1991b. ; do. (unmanufac- tured), 203 hhds. and casks, 80 cases, 1,866 bales-total, 777,0741b. ; cigars, 528t cases total, 71,6501b. ; snuff, 14 packages ; tea, 18,114 chests, 31,315 half-chests, 18,859 boxes ; codec, 3,698 bogs, 99 tierces, 479 casks, 471 ban els-total, 1,151,0401b. ; sugar-Mauritius, 34,944 bags ; Manilla, 12,914 bags ; Java, 31,095 bags ; other, 1,228 tons, 134 cases and casks ; molasses, 50¿ tons ; chicory, 289 pockoges ; opium (prepared), 115 packages total, 5,8201b. ; do. (unprepared), 1 pack- age-total, 601b. ; dried fruits, 2,722 pack- ages ; hops, 426 pockets ; rice, 21,420 bags, 2 barrels : molt, 2,807 bags ; colonial spirits, 580 hhds. ; bottled fruits, l8 pack- ages; candles, 1,178 chests and packages, 6,159 boxes ; cocoa and chocolate, 44 cases ; preserved meats, fish, &c.;, 14,445 packages; butter, 525 packages ; nuts, 124 packages ; salt, 1,136 bags ; do., rock, 491 cwt. ; hams and bacon, 1,2-11 packages; con- fectionery, &c; , 870 cases ; oilmen s stores, 17,435 cases ; maizena, 1,589 boxes ; soap, 87 cases and casks ; jams, 1,115 cases ; var nish, 361 cases and casks ; cheese, 1,108 packages ; vinegar, 53 cases and D28 casks , saddlery, leatherware, &c; , 21 packages ; toys and woodenware, 38 packages ', brushvyarc and wickerware, 127 packages ; furniture, 318 cases ; millinery, drapery, hosiery, soft goods, &.C., 2,108 cases ; woollens, 289 packages : silks, 2 packages ; apparel and slops, 120 packages ; hats, bonnets, and caps, C22 packages ; boots and shoes, 7G8 packages; earthenware and glassware, 729 packages ; jewellery and plate, 25 cases ; oats, 14,359 bags ; barley, 2,776 bags ; flour, 3,016 bags ; turpentine, oil, and kerosene, 110,228 cases ; sacks and bags, 311 packages ; drugs, 286 packages ; ironwaie, 1,032 packages ; wheat, 1,041 bogs ; cord- age, 105 packages; stationery and paper, 152 cases ; brassware, 13 cases POPULATION Or VICTORIA. , (FROM HIE OOVUlXMrvr GAZETTE.) Quarterly Abstract, showing tho estimated Population . of Victoria on tho 31st March, 1868 Males. IFemaloslPorsons Births in tho first quarter of 1.808 ,. 3,227 Arrivals by sea , ,, . | 5,073 Deaths Departures by sea , Increase during tho quarter Population on the 31St ' December, 1807 . Population on the 31st March, 1808 . . 374,311 200,260 604,670 3,137 2,435 6,672 11,001 6,627 1,170 1,782 7,128 14,772 10,080 _ 2,072 372,230 2,011 287,048 Noto.-During tho past quarter tho excess of bifths over deaths amounted to 8,864, and tho oxcess of arrivals over departures to 1,000. The total gain'to tho population was thus 4,083, as stated above. The figures for tho 81st Decembor, 1807, 0X(.ecd thoso given In the published tablo for the quartor ending at that dato by 20 as regards tho males and 0 as regards tho females, or bj 32 for tho total, population. This difference has arisen in consequonco of a final o\iml natfon of tho deputy-registrar's1' returns having de WlLLIAM IlESllY AnCHER, J J Registra!-General. Registrar-General's Office, May li. EEVIEAV OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Tho business of tho mail month has 'been of large amount. Indeed, at no previous poriod havo invest- ment stocks commanded such' universal attention as at present. Tills; of course, Is duo to the constant maturity of bank deposit receipts, which tho banks will not renew except at the lower scale of interest now ruling. As a general rule, the management of our leading ccmpanlcs Is as good as can bo reasonably expected, if not as good as is humanly possible, and the regularity of dividends justifies tho readiness of depositors to transform themselves into shareholders. There can be little doubt that some of the older banks are considoably involved in squatting securities, now very much depreciated through the reduction in tho value of wool, and the enormous increase of stock boyond the consuming capability of the population. Thus, tlie younger banks aro moro in favour than their seniors, as tile latter have moro largely enjoyed the favours of speculators in station property. It is not presumed that any ruinous loss will occruo to the banks of issue engaged in this business, but the dspro dation in the valuo of stations must seriously aflect profita for Borne timo to como. It is probably duo to provision for known losses that the Bank of Now South Wales dividend has declined. Gas stocks aro all firm. Insuranco shares generally pay the penalty of relation- ship to one unfortunate company. All share tho depres- sion thereto attributable. Ourdebcuture securitiesare not numerous. Any chango is in favour of holders, an advance of fully one per cent, on tho month, ex- clusivo of accrued interest, being obtainablo on Vic- toria Government BIXCS and Melbourne Corporation sixes. Mines aro as brisk, as popular, and as variable as ever. Tho joy of to-day Is tho sorrow of to- morrow, and vico verso. But the pursuit Is so fascinating that unless a speculator is exceptionally unfortunate, very fewabsolutely forsv. ear the puttlngof monoyinto mines. Quartz continues rather in the background. Alluvial mines aro daily dealt in to an extent that can scarcoly be conceived by any one outtide the actual market. For the four weeks ending 10th May, dividends amount to £142,330. Of this amount companies other than mining contribute £70,040, viz., National Bank of Australasia, £33,750 ; Colonial Bank of Australasia, £17.600 ; Vic- toria Fire Insuranco, £12,000 ; Bank of New South Wales (estimated Victorian proportion), £10,000; Melbourne Bank Corporation, £6,000; Victoria Ice Company, £1,050 ; Langlands' Foundry Company, £040. The dividends from mines amount tu £02,300, say £10.770 from so\ entecn quartz- mines, and £42,020 from sixteen alluvial. Debentures.-Victoria Go- vernment 6ixcs sold freely up to 108}, at which they are firmly held. Melbourne Corporation have been worth 108, but may bo slightly affected by a proposed further issue. Hobsou's Bay Itail 'way sixes sold at 102J, 108, and are firm. Any good debenture stock would be readily taken. Banks.-Colonial Bank have materially Improved since laät mall ; from £7 12s. Od. they have risen to £8 ox dividend, and are steady. Commercial Bank have advanced from £4 8s. to £418s., and must ore long reach par, and thon a premium ; the very newness of the bank IB an element in its favour, as it cannot by any possibility bo Involved with stalo squatting securi- ties. National Bank havo rlson from £0 6s. bil) ers cum div., to £0 8s. sellers ex di v., and the tendency Is Btrongly upv. ards. Of Bank of Victoria tho market has been cleared, and £41 has been refused for aparecí. Ballarat Bank wanted at £410s., or something over. Gus Companies.-Bendigo Oas have risen from £3 Wi. to £4 sales. Collingwood sold at £7 2s. Melbourno Gas taken at £6 2s., and finn. Insuranco Shares. Australasian Fire and Marino have fallen from 20s. to 15s., and havo since Improved; buyers at 10s. Od. Lifo wanted at 13s. Gd. Alliance sold at 12s. 0d,, and not offered. Southern sold at 28s., 28s. (k1., and aro regarded as a cheap and sound investment. Victoria Firo and Marino sold at £20, and 6Carco. A now Uro company-the National-Is projected, and as it pro- mises cheaper premiums will get risks if tho Bliares bo satisfactorily subscribed. Miscellaneous Companies. The returns of the Hobson's Bay Ballway Company are improving ; not much change in shares. Mines. -Wo annex a list of last wcok'B sales, and the share list gives the latest quotations of price. It is hoped rather than expected that Mr. Kltto's speculative company v. ill result advantageously to the English shareholders. Tho sales of last week were at the following rates ¡-Victoria Government six per cont. debentures (local), at 10S} ; Molbourno and Uob- son's Bay United Railway sixes, 103, 102$ : Colonial Bank of Australasia, £8 ; Commercial Bank of Aus- tralia, £4 Ils., £4 12s., £4 12s. Od. ; National Bank, £G 3s., £0 3s. Od., £0 4s" £6 6a. 3d. ; Collingwood and Fitzroy Gas, £7 Is. Od. ; Goolong Gas, £4 2s. ; Melbourne Gas, £6 Is. ; Australasian Fire and Marine, 16s. Cd. ; Southern Insurance, 2Ss. Od. ; Alliance, Bendigo, 5s. ; All Nations, Matlock, 10J. ; Great Ex- tended Hustler's, 0s. 3d. ; Johnson's Roof, 16s. ; Nil Desperandum, 6s. Od., 6s. 3d., 6s. 8d, 5s. Od. ; North Hustler's, Sa. 6d. ; St, Mungo, Bendigo, Is. 3d., Is. Sd. ; Black Horso, Egerton, £4 16s. ; Long Tunnol, Stringer's, £8 5s., £8 2s. Od., £8 ; Band and Albion Consols, £21 10s., £21, £21 2s. Od., £21 7s. Od., £20 17s. 6d., £23 5s,, £23, £23 6s., £23 0s., £23 7s. Od.; Break-o'-Day, £0 5s.; Cricket Rescive, Ballarat, 6s. Od., 0s. Od., 7s., 7s. Od , 8s., 7s. Gd. ; Great Redan Extended, 13s., 11s. ; Koh-i-noor, Ballarat, £10 189., £10 8s. ; Brinco of Wales, £10 lui., £10, £0 2s. Gd., £0, £8 17s., £8 17s. Gd., £0 5s., £8 17s. Gd., £0, £8 16s., £8 0s., £8 7s. Gd., £8 12s.0d.,£810s., £8 17s. Od., £8 16s., £0, £8 15s., £3 17s. Od. ; St. George United, £00, £70 10s., £73; United Red Jacket, 68. ; Working Miners', £24 6s., £24 8s. Od. cuni div., aud ex div. £21, £21 10s., £24, £25, £24 10s., £20, £25 10s" £20 10s.; Western Freehold, ox div., £2 2s. Od., £2 6s. ; Webster-street Freehold, 17s. Od., 15s., call paid ; Durham, Ballarat (old issue), £2 6s.1, £2 2s. ; do., prêteront, at £4 15s. ; Great Webster-street Freehold, 24s. ; Inkermann and Dur lioin,£2 6s.,£28fc., £28s. Od., £212s. Od.,£210s.,£211s ; Now non, £6 16s., £610s" £5 7s. Od., £5 8s. Od., £5 7s., £6, £6 11s., £6 2s. Gd., £6 2s. Od., £5, £5 6s., £5 2s. Gd., £0 (terms), £5 12s. Gd., £6 17s., £5 10s., £5 11s. Gd., £5 12s. Od., £510s., £517a. Gd. ; Fark, U 2s., £2 Sa., £2 Gs., £2 5s., £2 2s., £2fls. Gd., £2 4«., £2 Sa., £2 2s., £2 ; Speculator, 80s., 27s. Od., 80s. Od., 20s., 28s. Od. ; United Albion and Prince of Wales, £0 2a. Gd., £0 5s., £078. Gd , £10, £0 17s. Gd., £0 16s ,£10 7a. Od , £1010s., £10 5s., £10, £017s Od., £102s. Od., £10 5s. ; United Hand and Baud, £13 10s., £1310s. lid., £12 7s. Od., £12 5s., £12 2s. Od., £12 15s., £112s. Gd., £11 7s. Gd., £1112s. Gd., £1110s., £11 7s. 0d.,£ll 10s., £11 5s., £1110s. ; Webster Extended, Gs. Od., 6s. Tho dividends due or declared have been, for wook ending April 26th:- Colonial Bank of Australasia, at rate of 8 per cent, per annum ; Victoria leo Company, at late of 15 per cent, per annum ; Victoria Firo and Marino Insurance, at rate of 10 per cent., or £3 per 4,t00tli ; Koh- i-noor, Ballarat, 6s. per 8,200th ; Specu- lation, Maldon, Is. per 2,400th ; United Working Miners', at £1 per 4,800th ; Western Freehold, Ballarat, at 16s. per8,000th. For week ending May 2nd:-Bank of New South Wales, at rato of 15 per cent per annum ; Langlands' Foundry Company, at rate of 8 per cent, per annum; Albert, Alexandra, 12s. per 2,400th ; Albion, Steigt»?, £2 per 2,200th ; Argus, Bendigo, Cs. Gd. per 20,000lh; Band and Albion Consols, 10s. per 22.500th ; Black-hill, Ballarat, 5s. per 2,480th ; Break-o'-Day, 10s. per 3,000th ; Coliman and Tacchl, Bendigo, £50 per 24th ; Comet, Bendigo, Od. per 82,000th ; Good Hope Tunnelling, 16s. per l,80Oth ; Koh-i-noor, Ballarat, 6s. per 3,200th ; Lower Huntly, Deep Lead, 6s. per GOOth ; No. 1 S. Home- ward Bound, Alexandra, £76 per loth ; Brinco of WalcB, Ballarat, 10s. per 8,843rd; Try Again, Springdallah, 15s. per 720th ; Victoria, Clunes, Its. per 000th. For week ending May 0th : National Bank of Australasia, at rate of (nilli bonus) 12J per cent, per annum; Melbourne Banking Com- pany, at late of 10 per cent, per annum ; Good Hope Tunnelling, Crooked River, 10s. per 1,800th; John- son's Reef Gold Mines, Is. per 10,673rd ; Lady Barkly. Bendigo, Cd. per 10.000th ; United Work- ing Miners', £1 per 4,800tli; Western Freehold, Ballarat, 16s. per 3,U0Gtli. For Mock cnaing May 10: Ballarat Freehold, 10s. per 3,000th ; Bonshaw Free- hold, £1 6s. per 3,300th -, Golden Horn, Springdallah, 10s. per 2,500th; New Don, Ballarat, 10s. per 4,000th; Try Again, Springdallah, 10s. per 720tii ; Victoria, Clunes, 108. per Booth ; Walhalla, Stringer's Creek, £4 perG00tli;Wol]C8loy,Strlnicr'sCreek,£lbs.pcrl,200tli. Tlie principal Bendigo yields (omitting those under 26oz.) reported during tho month havo been, for week ending April Î6 :-Ellesmere (Now Chum), 08oz. ; Ab- bott's (Tributo Johnson), 72oz.; Roberts Brothers (8peclmcn-lilll, Long Gully), 85oz. ; Lower Huntly Deep Lead Company, 74oz. ; Denmark Company, 60oz. ; Comet Company, 41oz. ; Johnson's Reef Com- pany, 8&OZ.; ; Catherine United, OOoz. ; Great Ex- tended Hustler's, 4Coz. ; Frederick the Great (Sebos lian), 12202. ; Coliman and Tacchi Reef Company (108 tons), 410OZ. ; Gray and Co. (Marong), 2üoz. Week ending Moy 2:-Comet Company, 123oz. ; John- son's Reef Company, lOOoz. ; Lady Barkly Compiny (from seventy lona), 67oz. ; North Spocimen hill Com- i pany, (iioz. ; Messrs. It. Gordon and Company, 37oz. ; Moon Beef Company (Howe's tribute), 31oz. ; Wil- liams and Company, 60oz. ; Ellesmere Company, 38oz. ; North Whip Company, 30oz. ; Catherino, Keith's, 25oz. ; Bobin Hood Company. 42oz. ; Iîose of Denmark Company, 142oz. ; Nil Desperandum . Compiny, Raywood, 88oz. ; Georgo Elliott, 83oz. ; Argus Company, 80oz. ; Metcalf and Company, 86oz. For week ouding May 0 :-Wilson and. Co., Marong (90 tons), 3710Z. ; Anglo-German, 4floz. ; Frederick the Great, Sebastian, HOOK. ; Morning Light, 43oz. ; J. Wybraut's (Victoria Beef), 42oz. ; Morris and Co., OOoz. ; Go a-hcad Company, 30oz. ; Exhibition Com- pany (Now Reef, Big Hill, 6 tons), 43az. ; Ellesmere, 20oz. ; Lower Huntly Deep Lead Company, 70oz. North Johnson's, 49oz ; Comet, 104oz. ; John- son's Reef,' 240OZ. ; Catherine United 126oz. For week ending May 10 :-Ellesmere, 31oz. ; North Whip, 73oz. ;" Heildbrant and Co., 28oz.-; Rose of Denmark, 146oz. ; Comot Company, 63oz.'; Johnson's Beef Company, 135oz. ; Allianco Company,' 120oz. ; Little Chum, 20oz. ; Enorgetlo (100 tons), 75oz. ; NU Desperandum (Raywood), 116oz. ; George Elliott, 20oz. The following are tho mail month's principal gold yields in tho Ballarat and neighbouring 'districts : -Band of Hopo and Albion Consols., 10,3S3oz. ; Bal- larat Freoholu, 2,100oz. ; Bonshaw, ,l,005oz ;' Broak o'-Day, 807oz ; Buninyong, Now, 2140z. ; Cricket Reserve, 7S3oz. : Great Northorn Freehold, l,600oz. ; Great Gulf, 618oz. ; Hand and Band, l,640oz. ; Koh-l Noor, 1,34102. ; New Don, 800oz. ; Nowington, 417oz.; Park, l,608oz. ; Prince of Wales,2,3610z. ; Scottish and Cornish. l,042oz. : St. Goorgo, 250oz. ; Speculator, 340oz. ; United Working Miners, 4,431oz. ; United Sir William Don, 1.S450Z. ; Western Freehold, l,642oz. ; Young Duke, 424oz. ; Young Unicorn, 2600Z. Clunes -Vic- toria, 8(i0oz. ; Port Phillip, 2,127oz. ; Now North Clunes, 407oz. ; South Clunes, 225oz. Creswick. Hit-or-Mlss, lOloz. Smythesdale and District.-Grand Trunk, 426oz. ; Try Again, 603oz. ; Atlas, 2<¡8oz. : Golden Horn, 447oz. ; Golden Stream, 270oz. ; North Grenville, 260oz. : Avonollft, 222oz. ; Bute, 167oz. I _' i SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. j FORT OF MELBOURNE. , ' AunivAi.8 AMI CLEAEANCES SINCE oca LAST StisiMArtT. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da,, < Danish ; D" Dutch ; F" French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portugucso; H., Hamburg; Iln.. Hanoverian; , I., Italian; N., Jîorwegian ; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd.', Sardinian; Belg., Belgian; Br., I Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; R., Russian ; s., ship ; b., I barque ; br., brig; se, schooner ; s.S., stcamor.] '. April ' ' ' ' . ARHIVKD. ' 30\. Royal Oak, B. s., 1,243, Richard Hughes, Llver l pool.-Bright Brothers and Co. 30\. Adelaide Baker, B. s., 800, John Baker, Downs. I Gcorgo Martin and Co. 30\. White Roso, B. s.', 1,103, James Shaw, London. I Holmes, White, and Co. 30\. Eva Joshua, B. b , 280, T. II. Robson, Mauritius. ' -Joshua Brothors. < 30\. Sarah, B. br., 233, John Catto, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothors. 30\. Albert Victor, B. b., 384, D. S.Marshall, Calcutta. i -Bovd and Currie. May. ' ' 2\. Juno, Pr. br., 140, - Petersen, Foo-chow-foo.-E. Cohen. 2\. Povvhattan, A. b., 432, W. Bartlett Patten, Now York.-Mooro and Co. IO. Pak Wan, B. s., 705, R. Shlcll, tho Downs. Dalgety, Ulackvv ood, and Co. 0\. Lady Duffcrln, B. s., 066, John Sheehan, Boston. -Osborn, Cushlng, and Co. 0\. Tamana, B. s., 020, Donald Main, Glasgow.-Alex. Macfarlan and Co, 8\. Sea King, B. a , 1,073, R. Porrlam, Liverpool. Dickson, Williams, and Co. 12\. Vf. H. Hasclden, B. s., 800, J. Roso, Liverpool. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 14\. Geelong, R.M.S.S., 1,684, N. J. Skotlowo, Point de Galle.-F. R. Kondall. 10\. Carl, B. br., 104, W. Dow, Capo Town.-H.' S. Smith. 17\. Joshua Bates, B. s, 501, J. B. Sydserff, Hong Kong, via Sydnoy.-Kong Meng and Co. 10\. Hoogly, F. b., 402, A. Veillet, Mauritius_Joshua Brothers. 10\. Lincolnshire, B. s., 1,025, Honry li. Skinner, Lon- don.-W. P. AVhito and Co. 10\. Anglesey, B. s , 1,018, W. L. Mutter, London.-W. P. Whlto and Co. 10\. Jacobus, D. b., 274, A. van Der Sus, Batavia. Holmes, W hit«, and Co. 10\. Lyttleton, A. s., 630, Josoph Beck, New York. Lord and Co. 10\. Masonic, A. b., 610, J. Lanthcr, Boston.-Newell and Co, 20\. Rob Roy, B. s.s (under canvas), 308, Vf. Ander- son, Glasgow.-A. Macfarlan and Co. CLEARED OUT. April. 20\. Avoca, R.M.SS. 1,007, A. B. Farquhar, Gallo. F. R. Kondall. May. 1\. Ocean, F. b., 550, Jean Roturier, Manilla, via Now castle.-J. W. Ploos van Amstel. 1\. Indiaman, B. s., 817, E. G. Edolfrctt, Callao. O. Tondeur and Co. 2\. Sussex, B. s., 000, G. M'Mlllar, London.-W.-P. Whlto und Co. 2\. Helene, Br. s., 704, H. Raschen, San Francisco, vin New castle-It. Towns and Co. 2\. The Bruce, B. s., 1,100. P. S. Corbett, Calcutta. Dickson, WilllamB, and Co. 2\. Moravian, B. s., 008, T. B. Ayllng, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 4\. Anita, B. s., 064, J. Furcan, Guam.-Robert John- ston. i. Louiso Kohn, II. b., 422, T. Gahdc, Guam.-F. W. Prell and Co. 4\. Pelham, B b., 340, J. A. Harvey, London, vii! Launceston.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 10\. Gala, B. s., 510, T. Shaw, Bombay.-J. H. White and Co. 10\. Viuiiera, B. s., 042, J. J. Garden, London.-J. H. White and Co. 20\. Juno, Pr. br., 140, - Peterson, Foo chow-foo, vift Nowcastle. E. Cohen and Co. 21\. Essex, B. s., 1,042, R, Ridge«, London.-W. P. White and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. Al'IUL 20. Avoca, R.M.S.S., for Point do Gallo.-0 boxes candles, 6 pairs windows, 10 doors, 2 packages oil, 2 Eackaecs white lead, 5 packages sundries, 17 packages uildlng materials, 1 caie bacon, 1 caso cheese, 1 case currants. MAY. 1. Ocean, for Manilla, vi.t Newcastle.-1 caso saddlery. MAY 2. The Bruce, for Calcutta.-3,211 cakes copper, 65 tons hay, l8 tons bran, 4 tons oats, 120 horses. Sussex, for London.-533 bales wool, 20 bales sheepskins, 100 bales leather, 07 casks tallow, 170 hilda, treacle, 00 tierces beef, 832 bags ground bark, 73 bags black Baud, 7 casks Blag, 5 bales twine, 7 bales leather, 3 cases books, 4 casks wine, 4 cases jewellers' sweepings, lease plate, 4 packages effects, 673 bags antimony ore, 3 cases ferns, 8 packages Btindrics. Moravian, for London.-1,807 bales wool, 200 tons coper oro, 1,802 bags bark, 442 casks tallow, 09 bales leather, 32 bales sheepskins, 27 bags bark, G2 bags rags, 1 hhd. v, ine, 701 ingots spelter, 1,038 hides, 00 calfskins, 63 bales pelts, 2 packages sundries. MAY 10. Gala, for Bombay.-11 packages machinory, 155 bags bran, 2,000 tins preserved vegetables, 608 tons coal, 35 tons tedder, 72 Iron tanks, 00 horses. MAY 19. Vimlora, for London.-349 bales wool, 530 casks 2 packages 227 cases tallow, 1,049 bags bark, 410 bags copper ora, 101 bales skins, 08 casks precipitate, 2 packages Bundries, 50 bales leather, 44 kegs butter, 3 cases wine. MAY 21. Essex, for London.-295 bales wool, 40 bales leather, 151 casks tallow, 2,845 bags bark, 1,950 bags copper ore, 57hhd. 80 quarter-casks 09 bogs antimony, 43 casks sperm oil, 6 tanks preserved moat, 19 cases plants, b5 casks bcof, 2 cases books, G packages effects, 4 packages drapery, 2 chests plate, 8 packages Bundries, 1 box silver, containing l,248oz. ldwt. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. Amu. 20. Avoca, R.M.S.S., for Point do Gallo. Passengers: -Baloon: Mr. G. Firth, Mr. Macfarlan, Mr. Love, Mr. M'Ewan, Mr A. Kirkwood, Mr. Rutter, Mr. W. K. Furnell, Mr. A. Furnell, for Suez; Mr. Grolg, for Marseilles ; Mr. Boninger, Mr. R. Williams, for Point do Gallo ; Mr. H. Georgo, Mr. W. King, for King George's Sound ; Mr. J. Phillips, for Madras ; Rov. James Caldwell, for Hong Kong; Mr. James Nut till, forCovlon. MAY 2. SusBOx.forLondon.-Passengers- cabin : Mrs. Bright, two children, and servant ; Mrs. Gotoh and child, Mr. and Mrs. Uabba and two children ; Mr. and Mrs. J. Fletcher, six children, infant, and servant ; Miss E. Kitchen, Dr. Keene, Messrs. E. J. Studd, Young. Rochford, F. Booth, Mitchell, Forbes, Appleton, and Linton ; and 161 in tho second and third cabins. Moravian,for London.-Fassongors-cabin: Mr. and Mrs. Russell, Mr. and Mrs. Carter and two children. Mr. and Mrs. Traer and Miss Traer, Mr. Buxton and MisEcs Buxton (two), Mrs. Batten and two children, Mr. and Mrs. John Reid, Messrs. Morton, Leach, Henderson, Vaneo, Stroud, and Hawdcn. . MAY 10. Vlmlera, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Kidson and Miss Kidson, Dr. and Mrs. M'Millau and Miss M'MIIlan, Miss Henderson, Miss Skeet«, Mrs. Ehrenstotm, Mr. Small, Mr. and Mrs. Eaton, Miss Eaton and servant ; Mrs. Johnson and two children, Mr. and Mrs. Bakerand family, Mr. Patrick Auld, Mr. Gordon, Mr. Ballantine. Mr. A. Chalk ; aud 100 in the second and third-class cabins. J. II. White and Co., agents. MAY 22. Essex, for London.-Passengers-cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Hadly, family (five), and Bervant; Mr. E. Know, Mrs. Taylur and child, Mr. and Mrs. Cuzner, Mr. J. Houarth, Mr. J. II. Boden, Mr. Fenner, Mr. Cornish, Mr. and Mrs. Cochrane, Mr. and Mrs. Hasluck, family (five), and servant; Mr. C. J. Yates, Mrs. Corduke8, daughter, and infant ; Misses Preston, Misses Tennent, Miss Hill and servant, Mr. Napier, Mr. Gondret ; and 113 second and third class pas- sengers. W. P. Whlto and Co., agents. GOLD SniPS WniCH HAVE SAILED SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. Tlie following is a list of tho ships taking gold which have sailed heneo «luco the publication of our lost summary, together with tho quantities and desti- nations : Dato of Sailing. Destination. Ounces, April 26 Avoca May 2 .. Moravian May 2 ..Buiscx May 10 . Vimiera May 21 . Essex Gallo .. ..! 20,702 London .. .J 36,830 London .. .. 45,479 London .. ..! 35,052 Landon .. ..! 47,141 Tho total amount of gold exported from the colony nineo the beginning of tho year is 840,000 ounces, of which 70,874 ounces wero transhipped from New Zealand. During tho < corresponding period of the previous year tho entire quantity exported was 000,009 ounces, and of this total 80,439 ounces were from New Zealand. STOCK AND SHAKE LIST. The following is a review of the stock and. sharo list for the month : FRIDAY, MAY 21 Amount 1 of Loan. DEBENTURES. Closing Prices. £ 040000 100000 100000 10000 16000 200000 60000 30300 135400 153300 100000 20000 60000 Viet, Gov. Rlwy. (local), G per cent. Melbourne Corporation, 0 por cent. Aust. Post., Investment, 10 per ot.! Ballarat Water, 8 per cont. Collingwood Gas, 7 per cent. ' General Gov., N.Z., 8 per cont. .. Melbourne Gas, 7 nor cent Mclb. & II. B. United, 8 per cent. Do., 7 per cent. .. ... Do., 0 per cent. Do., 5 per cent. ' , .. .'. .Nelson (N. 7, ) Gov., 8 per cent. .'. lOtatto Provincial Gov.. 8 per cent. 103-1031 fi07J-iasi 102-10» 83-801 £ 40000 437500 110000 100000 500000 20000 SOOOO 24008 14000 00000 2080 24430 200000 100000 26000 20000 00000 68370 17875 8000 12333 60000 20000 ' 12000 PUBLIC COMRANIBB. Last div. r> por conti per annum. 6347001 60 i EAMiS. . Bal. Bankg. (limit)| Colonial of Austral. Commercial of Aus- tralia (limited) .. Molb. Bank Corpo- ration (limited).'. National of Austral. Now South Wales . f,Victoria(Mel.reg.) ( Do, (Lonelon reg.) Land Mortgago . OA8 COUPAMES. Ballarat .. Bendigo Castlemaine I .. Colllngw'd Ji Fitzroy Daylesford (limited) Geolopg (.. j». Melbourno , 4 IJ.8DRAKOE. Austral. Firo & Mar. Australasian Life. Australian Alliance. Southern Insuranco Victoria Life & Gen. Victoria'Fire&'Mar. UIBCEIiLAMEOIIB. Bendigo Water« ork Gipps Id. Cop. Trlb. 0 Gipps Lud. StearaN. 6HobBajR.SeaBath 50 MolbournoExch'hgo SOvcns Watemoik"!. IIP. Silver, St.Arnaud 1 Studley Park Bridge \- Thomson R. Coppor 20 Victorian Ice .. 20 Warrenheip Dlstlly. RAIL-WAV B. 50'Molb.ä:Hob.BayUd, Closing Priocs. 10 .12} 15 10 10 12} i4|-4î h-SJ 92s'.-04s_ 02s-04s. ' 0¿fi} 45-17 42-42} 41-42 42S.-463, loi-mi, 3H1 1J-2 7-71 8-SÏ 4 41 ' 5-6} 10-M1 10's -18s.. 13ÍS.-HS. , 12S.-13S. 283.-21)3. 30S.-40S. 20-31 20S.-403. : 7}s.-10s... 47J-48}' MINES. DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 2000 22600 38G0 , 8000 I 4000 3200 400 100 10000 240 0344 2500 1000 4800 4000 4000 2260 8200 2500 2600 000, 4000, 3000 2000 600 8343 3200, 4032 1472 720 4400 2000 4800, 3000 3000 A> oncllf t Band of Hopo and Albiqn ConsolB, Ballarat . Ballarat Freehold, Ballarat Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Break-o'-Day, Rokewood Bunin} ong, Bunins ong Buninjonp Ne», Buninjor Clunes Alluvial Concordia, Daylesford Cricket Reservo Exchequer, Daylesford Extended Sons of Freodom, Chiltern . Golden Horn, Springdallah Grand Trunk, Happy Valley Great Extended Ballarat .. Great Gnlf, Ballarat Do., new issue Great Northern, Ballarat .. Koh-i-noor, Ballarat Leviathan, Ballarat Lo» cr Huntly Deep Lead .. New Don, Ballarat .. Now Ballarat Freohold New ington, Ballarat Nrth Grenville, Smvthcsdalo Princo of Wales, Ballarat St. Georgo United .. Scottish &, Cornish, Ballarat. Sons of rrcedom, Ballarat Try Again, Springdallah .. UiiitedRed Jacket, Ballarat. United Sir William Don, Bal. United WorkingMluers', Bal. Webster street Freehold, Bal, Western Freehold, Ballarat. 22-221 4-6 27-27» 8i-»l Mi 10s.-12s" 2J-3 10HU. 21-31 Hi 0-01 11H2J' 0-10 2-2, NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 3000 4800 3000 ,3000 2500 1000 1000 2000 600 3000 3000 3000 2500 3600 18500 2000 500 6000 6000 2000 8300 12800 2400 8000 8000 4320 2000 0448 C400 G400 1080 2200 2400 Allied Armies, Ballarat Ballarat Tunnel, Deep Creek Ballarat and Clunes . Do., new issue- .. .. Durham, Ballarat .. ,. Do., profèrent Do,new . Enflold, Durham Great North-West, Ballarat Gt. Wobster-st. Freehold, Bal. Guiding Star, Ballarat Haphazard, Ballarat.. Independent, Ballarat Inkermann and Durham, Bal. Do., new issue Mair st. Freehold, Ballarat . Magnum Bonum, Marrboro'. New Holland, Avoca ..* Do., now . Now Princo of Wales, Ballarat North Star, Ballarat Park, Ballarat. Royal Mint, Ballarat. Scarsdale Extend., Scarsdale. Speculator, Ballarat St. Patriok, Ballarat St. Andrew, Ballarat.. United Albioni and Piinco of Wales, Ballarat United IWnd-in-Hand and! ' Band of Hope, Ballarat f Winter's Freehold, Ballarat. Young Duke, Ballarat Voung Unicorn, Ballarat .. 2-3 41-5] 30-40 H 3-31 2Ï-31 2-2Ï 01-101' 11-13 83-S7 DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 26000, 1 ¡Aclüllca Extended, Taradalo 80' - lAdvancc Bendigo 1 'Agamemnon, Bendigo 1 Ajax, Alexandra 5 ¡Albert Company, Alexandra Ajax, Castlemaine .. Albion, Steiglitz Alabama, M'lv or All Nations, Matlock.. Argus, Bendigo Al Castle Reef, Wood's Pt. Beehive, Maldon Bird's Reef, Bendigo.. Black-hill, Ballarat .. BrcaK-o'-Day, Bendigo Bet Bet, Dunolly Catherine Reef United Claim, holders, Bendigo Do. (Mining, Crushing, Drain- ing), Bendigo Clunes, Clunes 17} Clunes United, Clunes 1J Comet, Bendigo Costerfield, Heathcote 20 Crinollno Pros., Don'ly's Ck, 1J Derby, Maldon Eaglehawk Asso., Maldon Do. Preference,Maldon,, 1 Do. Union, Maldon .. 1J Ellesmere, Bendigo .. \- Eldorado, Lyre Bird Reef Energetic, Bendigo .. j-Grand Junction, Maldon -j J Great Britain, Bendigo Gt. Extended Hustler's, Ben. 20 Happj-go-Lucky, Stl ¡tiger's Creek . Hazard, Aloxandra .. Hercules, Bendigo 20s. Hustler's Reef, Bendigo J. H. Conness, Upper Dargo 2J Johnson's Reef, Bendigo 1 Lady Barkly, Bendigo \- Leviathan, Black River 1 Liuscott'8 Reef, Maldon 12* Llanberris, Ballarat .. IO' Malokolf, Steiglitz .. 10 Morning Star (Prospecting), ! Wood's Point 1} Nelson Reef, Bendigo 7J Net cr-inmd (Prospecting), | Wood's Point \- INI1 Desperandum, Rayw ood.. 5 North Gipps Land, Strlngor's 1 North Hustler's Roof .Bendigo 1 North Dovonshlro, Bondigo 10000 10000 2400 10000 2200 30000 1000 20000 8540 204G 10200 2480 7f00 7600 65000 147 1080 1200 32000 2000 1304 12000 10054 1710 15044 14000 8200 24000 12005 0040 28100 28000 800 1C00 28000 20B7U 1200 10673 10000 2000' 10000 2000' 2000 6000. 33000' 2000 2400 23876 20ÛC0 22000 20000 10S0, 1000 2400 7000 810 800 22500 1088 2000 1400 DOO, 000 12001 180 _ nui b>, ¿Jutuiiaiiiiu, uuduigu.« 1 North Johnson's, Bendigo .. 1 Ophir, Inglewood \- 'Prince of Wales, Matlock 71 Rojal Standard, BlackRivor. 5 Speculation, Maldon .. 1 South Ajax, Castlemaine 10 Sth. Crinollno Amalgamated, I Donnelly's Creek 10 'South Crlnolino(newli>suo)do 1 ¡St. Mungo. Bendigo .. 10 Speclmcn-hlll, Daylesford . 10 ¡Steiglitz . 10 Unity, Inglowood 40 Victoria, Clunes .. . . Walhalla, Stringer's Creek . Wollesloy, Stringer's Crock .. Wonderful, Daylesford NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 22500, 6400 20000 10000 24000 40066 82000 20000 2500 11000 1000 15000 14507| 4000 202741 Alliance, Bendigo Bristol Reef, Vr¡ era .. Buxton, Raywood .. Dm ham, Maldon Eagle, Bendigo Golconda, Bendigo .. Koh-i-noor, Bendigo .. Mariner's Reef, Malborough Now North Clunes, Clunes Pioneer, Bendigo Pegleg, Bendigo Smllo of Fortuno, Wood's Pt. Sarnia, Bendigo Sandy Creek, Povorty Reef, Tarnagulla. Tarrengower Nuggetty Alii ance, Maldon Tubal Cain, Stringer's Victoria Reef, Bendigo Printed and published by Huon GKOita-î, at TOT AROLB Oflico. Collins-street, Melbourno^for-Wiw»'' and MACKINNON, proprietors.. 