MONDAT, JUNE 29, 18G8. In the Legislative Assembly on Saturday, Mr. M'CoLLOcn gave notice that, on Mon- day, he would move that the messago of His Excellency, in reply to the address of the House, he taken into consideration. Mr, G. V. SMITH then brought up the report of the Select Coramittco of the Assembly on the reply of His Excellency to tho address from thu Assembly presented on the 11th of the present month. It recommended that a re- presentation be addressed to His Excellency of the surprise and concern which His Excel- lency's reply had caused to the House ; of regret that His Excellency should prefer the opinions of a few individuals to the repeated advice of Parliament ¡ that, as the Ministry did not enjoy tho confidence of Parliament, "its existence had not been terminated with- out delay ; " that tho continuance of the pre- sent condition of affairs was in "malignant antagonism" to responsible government! that a Ministry which is impotent to ini- tiate in this Chamber is powerless in both, and as operation in tho Assembly must pre- cede co-operation in the Council, thoso who cannot accomplish the first cannot obtain the second ; that, if Ministers who have not the confidence of the Assembly may continue in office until they evince a prophetic preference for, and acquaintance with, the policy and powers of their suc- cessors, all hope of a settlement of existirg difficulties may be indefinitely post- poned, while distrust, discord, and debility, contempt of all existing authority, and de- spair of all constitutional remedy, must inevi- tably prevail ; that the Assembly had no confidence in the existing Ministry ; and that the responsibibility for the position of affairs must rest on thoso who " disregarded the opi- nions and neglected the admonitions of the representatives of the people." The nouso at its rising adjourned until this day, at four o'clock. We aro not surprised that Mr. MAC- GREGOR should have felt keenly the refusal of the Darling message. Ho was undoubtedly sincere in his desire for a compromise, and he had gone further than any other member of the Opposi- tion in his attempts to promote auch a course. Whether he was not too san- guine in his anticipations ; whether Mr. FRANCIS'S suggestion would really have assumed a shape in which it would be possible to consider it; or, if it did, whether the ex- pected defection from the fol- lowers of Mr. M'CULLOCH would have enabled such a proposal to be carried, are matters which have now a merely historical interest. So anxious are we to terminate this dispute, that we regret that any chance, however faint, of removing the difficulty, should have been disregarded by the Ministry. But Mr. MACGREGOR, and apparently many other members of the Opposition,, are mistaken in supposing that the refusal of the Crown to accede to the request of the Lower House concerning grants of money is unprecedented. The rule of the House of Commons, and the express enactment of the Con- stitution Act, that money grants must be first recommended by the Crown, are beyond dispute, and the reasons for this fundamental principle aro equally well known. But this rule has been sometimes evaded by an address to the Crown to give that recommendation. With this re- quest, as with most other requests from the same quarter, the Crown usually complies. That compliance, however, is altogether discretionary, and the Crown is under no obligation to per- mit what strictly is an encroachment upon its functions. Mr. MACGREGOR alleged that " no instance could be " shown of an humble address from the " House of Commons, asking for a sum " of money, being ignored, oven in the " despotic times of GEORGE III. and " GEORGE IV." We cannot stop to take exception to Mr. MACGREGORS de- scription of the government under which our fathers lived. Wo shall only observe that it is the first time that we have ever heard that, during the first quar- ter of the present century, the govern- ment of England was a despotism. But we shall point out to Mr. MAC- GREGOR two cases, ono in the "despotic" period to which ho has referred, and the other in the constitutional reign of Queen VICTORIA, in each of which an humble address from the House of Com- mons asking for a sum of money was ignored. It is true that these are what Mr. HIGINBOTHAM calls obscure cases, but we presume that one reason for their obscurity is that the House of Commons is less touchy than the As- sembly, and never thought of regarding such a reply as what Mr. M'CuLLOon is pleased to call " an outrage inflicted " upon this House by this extraordinary " message in reply to a respectful ad " dress." There have been numerous instances in which the House of Commons has shown very plainly its desire to vote particular sums, but in which the Ministry has been able to prevent a formal address to the Crown. But there are, as Ave have said, two cases in which such an address was actually presented, and its prayer was refused. The firat of these cases occurred in connexion with that claim of Mr. PALMER,- which, at an earlier stage of the present controversy, received so much attention. Our readers will remember that in 1808 the House of Commons sent up the Palmer grant in a separate bill, for the express pur- pose of avoiding any difficulty re- specting the general Appropriation Bill, if that bill were to include a vote upon which the House of Lords had already expressed au adverse opinion. Tlie House of Lords continued both tuen and afterwards to object to Mr. PALMER'S claim; and in 1811, with the view of evading the difficulty of carrying this grant in a separate bill, the House of Commons presented an humble address to the PRINCE REGENT, "beseeching " him to advance the sum of £54,000 to " Mr. PALMER, being the amount of " arrears due to him out of the Post " Office revenues, and assuring His " ROYAL HIGHNESS that the House -will " make good the same." This form of address renders unnecessary the Royal recommendation, and is, therefore, often used in England when the grants sought are not approved by the Ministers of tho Crown. A warm debate in reference to this address took place in the House of Lords, without, however, any formal resolution. Subsequently, the Premier, Lord LIVERPOOL, assured that House that he should not recom- mend HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS to sanction a claim ?which their lordships considered to be unfounded. Accordingly, the PRINCE REGENT replied to tho House of Commons that it must at all times be his desire to attend to the wishes of that House, "and that he shall be " ready to give effect to them in this in " stance, whenever the means shall " have been provided by Parliament" that is, of course, by a legislative act of both Houses. A motion was made in the Commons that this answer tended to create a misunderstanding between the Crown and the Commons, but it was negatived by a large majority. We may observe, although it does not affect the immediate subject which we are con- sidering, that in PALMER'S case the dis- pute between the two Houses turned upon tho nature of Mr. PALMER'S claim. The House of Commons acknowledged that it was a just debt, and, if the views of our Opposition as to the binding effect of a vote of the Assembly bo cor- rect, the national faith would thus havo been pledged for its payment even still more deeply than if it were the promise of a mere gratuity. The House of Lords denied that it was a debt, and the matter was ultimately compromised by the grant in a separate bill of a smaller sum, " in consideration of public services " performed" by Mr. PALMER, and without any assertion of that gentlo man's right. The second case to which we have referred is known as the case of the Danish claims. During tho great French war the English Government, in tho year 1807, thought it necessary to seize upon the Danish fleet, although we were then at peace with that country. The Danes, by way of reprisal, confiscated the property of the British merchants trading in the Baltic. It was acknow- ledged that the British Government was liable for the losses thus incurred, and many of the claims which thence arose were paid, but others remained un- settled. The matter was protracted over many years, and in 1838 and 1839 the Government reluctantly consented, in compliance with two addresses of the House of Commons, to pay cer- tain portions of these outstanding and disputed claims. In 1841 a third address was presented to HER MAJESTY prayingfortho liquidation of the remainder, and assuring HER MAJESTY that the House would make good the same. The Ministry, however, declared that they would not consent to any further expenditure on this account ; and HER MAJESTY'S answer to .the address was framed upon the answer in PALMER'S case, and expressed in the following terms :-" That it must at all " times be the most earnest desire of " HER MAJESTY to attend to the wishes " of the House of Commons, and that " she shall bo ready to give effect to " them in this instance, whenever the " means shall have been provided by " Parliament." The House of Com- mons submitted quietly to the " outrage " inflicted upon them by this cxtra " ordinary answer to their respectful " address." Several similar addresses were at different times, in subsequent sessions, proposed and negatived, and the matter was for the last time, and without success, brought before Parlia- ment in 1861. The principle which these cases esta- blish is accepted by the latest text writer on the subject-Mr. TODD. He writes in the following terms :-" This " mode (i.e., by address) of obtaining " the issue of money has been improperly " resorted to, for the express purpose of " escaping the necessity for appealing to " the House of Lords for their conour " renee ; and also in order to compel the " Government, contrary to their own " judgment, to incur expenditure at the " mere request of the House of Com " mons. In any such cases it is the " duty of the Ministry to interpose, and " by asserting the prerogative of the " Crown, to protect the privileges of the " House of Lords from violation, and " the public revenuo from an unwar " rautahle outlay." It is vain to hope that these authorities will have weight with men who think that the whole duty of a member of Parliament is to vote as he is ordered, and not to discuss. It is right, however, that the country should know that the GOVERNOR'S answer is not unprece- dented, but, on the contrary, is war- ranted not only by his instructions but by the distinct and recent practice of the Imperial Parliament. If Mr. M'CuLLoen" refuses tho supplies, or takes any other violent course in revenge for what he calls " an outrage," he has, of course, the power to do so, but ha must not think that he is doing what in similar circumstances the House of Commons has ever done. What ACTAEON must have felt when he was being pursued by his own hounds, and in the imminent prospect of being torn to pieces by his insatiable followers, may be guessed at from the painful state of mind in which Mr. M'CULLOOH finds himself under closely analogous circum- stances. The late master of the'pack is chased and harried by those who sa lately appeared to be obedient to his whip and tractable to his voice. Per- haps when the secret history of the resignation of that gentleman and his 'colleagues sees tho light, it will bo dis i covered that the act was prompted by | pressure from behind-that they wera forbidden to recede and dreaded to advance. And there is some colour for this hypothesis in tho circum- stance that two members of the late .Administration, with greater moral cour- age than their colleagues, have taken the earliest opportunity of throwing off the yoke imposed upon them by the ¿£¿k and file of the party, and have sonified their determination to prefer the interests of the country to those of .the members who congregate in the Opposition corner, and who aro even now meditating a raid on office, to the -exclusion of their former chiefs. The rjoininal command of the Opposition forces may ßtill be vested in the hands of Mr. M'CULLOCH, but the real authority is lodged elsewhere. He does not draw his party after him, but is propelled by it. Ho is no longer a free agent, but appears to be driven onward by a force which is beyond Ins control.' Any resistance on his part would merely lead to his being set aßide or trampled under foot. Having gone so far in full sub- mission to posterior pressure, ho must proceed to all longths, or relinquish his position in the van. In either case he is a sufferer from wounded pride. But it is less obvious to tho outside public in the former than in the latter case. Ho still enjoys the semblance of command. In the Legislative Assembly he is, to all appearance, the captain and controller of his party ; and the outward show of subordination and discipline is tolerably v eil maintained. It is only in the cau- cuses of the Opposition, where no re- porters are present, and whero there aro no motives for concealing the real state of things, that the virtual leaders show themselves ; that the non- commissionod officers and aspiring privates prescribe the plan of the campaign, and dictate to the commander ; and that the pro- phecy is fulfilled that " the first shall be " last, and the last shall be first." Mem- bers who are discreetly mute in the Assembly are described as having been voluble, though very, far from eloquent, at the old caucuses in the Treasury ; and counsels of moderation on the part of any member of the Ministry were hcouted and overborne by an obstreper- ous and turbulent majority. Under ordinary circumstances, the head of a Government, or the leader of an Opposition, thus coerced and con- trolled by the least intelligent but most numerous section of his party, would be an object of compassion, and if he indignantly declined to hold office, or to occupy a prominent position, under conditions so injurious to his self îespect, he would receive the approba- tion of his countrymen, added to that of his own conscience. But Mr. M'CUL Locii has deliberately invited the humi- liation to which he is exposed. Ho has done all in his power to place his pre- sent masters on the Assembly benches, and it is only a fair retribution that they should make use of Mm, after having been made use of by him : "The gods are just, and of our pleasant \ices Make instruments to plague us." Candidates who were consigned to various constituencies at the two last general elections, with no other recom- mendations than that they bore the brand of the then Government, and who were chosen by their consignors because it was anticipated that, if elected, such candidates would become useful voting machines and nothing more, found out, iu course of time, the secret of their own strength. It certainly did not lie in their intelligence, or in then inde- pendence, or in their eloquence, or in their capacity for legislative or ad- ministrative work. But it manifested itself on the division lists. A voting machine is only a voting machine; but then a sufficient number of voting machines acting together can keep a Ministry in, or put it out, of office. And having made this discovery, the voting machines proceeded to turn it to practical account. They gave their leaders to understand that their tenure of power was held by grace of their followers, and that if the latter re- frained from dispossessing them, it was only on condition that the former car- ried out the instructions of their nominal supporters, but actual masters. If this statement of the true relations subsisting between the late Ministry and its supporters be, as we have good giounds for believing that it is, accuiate in all particulars, it will help to explain much that has been hitherto inexplicable in the conduct of some members of the late Government who were known pri- vately to disapprove of extreme courses, to feel no genuine sympathy for the cause with which they had become al- most inextricably identified, and to re- glet the disastrous consequences of the protracted political crisis. But while it explains that conduct, it scarcely pal- liates, and in no wise justifies it. Mr. M'CULLOCH and his colleagues may have considered that they owed much to their party, and that, rather than break it UP> by desisting from violent and un- constitutional proceedings, they were bound to submit to the pressure from the rear, and drive onward to the edge of a precipice. In so doing, however, they entirely forgot what was due to themselves as public men, and as indi- viduals claiming credit for ordinary spirit and freedom. They compromised their reputations in all respects when they submitted to the vassalage of the followers they had calculated upon using as instruments ; and they have assisted to lower the character of representa j¿Teinstitutions in this colony, by pro isoting the return of a class of men who do not adorn the Legislative Assembly ty their moral worth or their intellec- tual capacity. This is not the first time in the history of Parliamentary govern- ment that the chiefs of a political party have found reason to repent the folly of selecting as mute implements and ser- viceable voting machines those who afterwards shifted the yokes from their own necks to the shoulders of their late masters. Tho Legislative Assembly will meet at four o clock this afternoon, ?«hen the principal business to be discussed will bo the reply to Ins Excellency's last message. As the notice -nhich Mr. M'Culloch gave on Saturday waa «my to the effect that the message bo taken into consideration, it is to be presumed that »he Opposition have not yet agreed upon any I plan in reference to it. A meeting of tho Opposition members was held in tbo Legisla- tivo Assembly chamber on Saturday, before the House mot, but wo believo that they did nothing beyond adopting tbo report of the Select Committee appointed to preparo a re ply_ to His Excellency's previous message, which was presented to the Assembly. It is understood that they will meet again at two o'clock to-day, to consider the steps which should be token in tho present emergency. Among the orders of the day for the con- sideration of the City Council, this after- noon, aro recommendations from tho Public Works Committee ¡-That £42,000 of tho corporation loan of 1868 be applied in tho construction of streets, in the following pro- portions to tho various wards-Bourke, £10,448; Gipps, £1,001; Latrobe, £14,370; Lonsdalo, £1,111 ; and Smith, £15,070 ; and that tenders bo invite"d for improvements in Wellington-parado to tho extent of £400. We understand that tho municipal corpo- ration of Bombay have ordered six of Mr. Enoch Chambors's hydraulic stonebreaking machincs, for the purpose of breakingstono for the roads of the municipality. The oxecutivo engineer of that body having inspected the drawings of these machines, pronounced thoso mado by Mr. Chambers to be the most complete, scientific, and economical machines which had como under his notice. It is satis- factory to the community, as well as to the inventor, to learn that Molbourno is export- ing machinery to India. The members' card of the Collingwood Branch of the Constitutional Association of Victoria has just been issued, and it is*alto gether a creditable affair. The chief feature of the lithographed design is the coat of arms, which represents the Imperial arms support- ing thoso of the colony, and surmounted by tho crown. At the top of the card is this sentence, "The laws which protect us in our civil rights grow out of the Constitution, and they must fall or flourish with it." At the bottom is another, " This is not tho cause of faction or of party, but the common intorest of every man." Both aro from Junios. We understand that a foot race has been arranged by the friends of Mr. Harris, the well-known amateur, and of Houlaghan, of Sydney, a professional runner, for £200 a-side. Tho raco is to bo run at North- cote on the 1st of August. The* first deposit was made on .Friday night, and the second of £20 a-side- will he mado this evening at Tattersalls Hotel, Bourke-street. An illustration of the cost to which tho country is exposed by the present deadlock is afforded by a petition which was filed lost week against the Crown. The amount of the debt was only £3, whilst the costs to which the petitioner subjected the country wero £G Is. 3d. additional-more than twice the amount of the debt. Petitions have been filed against tho Crown by Richard Heath for £314 15s. for mainte- nance and incidental expenses of 1st Gee- long Volunteer Artillery Corps ; Alfred Sum meiiield, £1010s., rent of cottage at Hepburn ¡ Elizabeth Wingate, £80, rent of premises at Grant ; and Charles Edward Payne, £187 14s Sid., forage to police at various stations. Judg. ments have been signed in favour of Joseph Bond and James Baker, for £3413s. Id., and 2s. costs ; Peter Davis, £30 lGs. 8d., and £C Is. 3d. costs ; William Geo. Gravo, £3, and ££ Is. 3d. costs ; G. H. Watson, £78 los., and 3s, costs; Bateman and Clarke, £144 0s. lid., and £6 0s. 4d. costs ; Thomas Bradburno, £31 lös. Id. and £6 Cs. 4d. costs. Twelve petitions were filed by civil servants on Saturday, foi the amounts of their salaries. The protho' notary signed certificates for £2,400. Mr. Justice Barry on Saturday gavo a de cisión relating to fraud summonses on a poinl .n hich we belie ve has not been previously raised, Michael Dunno, the caterer for the police mess, was sued in the County Court by - Allai d, and had a verdict recorded againsl him for £123. On this judgment a fraud sum mons -was taken out, and on Gth June tin defendant was ordered within a week to paj the amount of tho debt, in default te be imprisoned for three months, The money was not paid within the time pre- scribed, nor was the defendant arrested al tlie expiration of the week ; but on the 17tl June Dunne filed his schedule, and on tin following day a warrant was issued based or the fraud summons order, and under tim Dunne was taken into custody. The quostior thus raised was whether the insolvency die not stop further proceedings pn the frauc summons, and his Honour held that no arrosi could he made after the sequestration orde; was signed. Tho defendant was therefon discharged. In the Banco Court on Saturday, tho ful Court granted a rule nisi to arrest judgmen in Dickson v. Western Freehold Qold-minint Company. A demurrer to plea was heard it Fotheringham v. Archer, and judgment wa reserved. In Equity, on Saturday, Mr. Justice Moles worth was engaged throughout the sitting ii the further hearing of evidence in thoi?07w/¡a¡ Gold-mining Company v. Prince of Wale Qold-mining Company. At the Emerald-hill Police Court on Satur day, the nnrsegirl, Mary Ann Booth, who i charged with administering an overdose o spirits of salts to a child of Mr. Jessup, news agent, Clarendon-streot, was brought up am remanded, pending further investigation into the case. We may stato that there i now a fair prospect of the recovery of thi child. Saturday was tho inauguration day of th Melbourne Coursing Club, and the arrange ments wero carried out under the superin tendence of the committee at tho Red-house Northcote. Tho club has been formed by few gentlemen who are desirous of cultivai ing the sport of coursing as in the old countrj and it must be soon that in this view, cours ing would be widely different from the pre miscuous gathering, of men and dogs thn have in some places treated the quarry in most unfair and unsportsmanlike mannei Just at present, rabbits instead of hare must bo used ; but in the carrying ou of the business of the Melbourno Cours ing Club, the strict rules of the spoi will bo observed, only two dogs bein slipped for each course, and tho rabbit having a good start, get well on their leg before their pursuers begin. On Saturday th coursing was confined to tho dogs of about ha a dozen members of the club, and somo capiti sport was afforded, several of tho rabbit giving a chase of several minutes before bein token, while one or moro got clean awa; The dogs were mostly of tho Italian gre; hound and bull terrier kinds, and of tho tw breeds crossed, A company of .somo fifi were present, and the committee will appoit the place of meeting for each Saturday. Tho Melbourno hounds met on Saturday i Schnapper Point. A considerable number < the members of the M.H.C. left town to I present. "Respecting the attempt to make politici capital at Ballarat, by tho assortion that miner had been discharged from some claii because he voted for Mr. Jones at the lal election, a correspondent of the Star writes _"It is scarcely necessary to say that thore not one word of truth in the assortion tht this man was discharged on account of h vote. Ho and all other absentees withoi leave-without distinction of party or creed were discharged, because, instead of acceptir tho time for recording their votes granted I them by tho company, thoy took ' Frone leavo,' and caused loss and annoyance to ti company by so doing. This deoply-injun roan has obtained employment in two i three, if not moro, claims, and has remaint a few months in each claim. His busine seems to have been to obtain every inform tion respecting tho political opinions of 1 fellow-workmen, and to communicate ti same to tho Loyal Liberals. Having exhausti I one claim he migrates to another, to play the | same game. Now, I would recommend the t working miners to look-out for Loyal and Liberal spies, for there are moro of them about, and when they catch one, my advico is that tboy take care to let the fact be known." The Queenscliff volunteer corps, numbering Cfty-two, were inspected by Major Sneo during the last week. Including the official inspection, there were four gun drills, which passed off most creditably to tho members of the corps. Only three men were absent (unavoidably), and the gun practice with shell and shot was on both occasions, Major Sneo said, as good as any he had seen. Twenty solid shot and ten sholls were fifed at 2,000 yards, and, with three exceptions, wore right on the target. Tho men evidently took an interest in their work. The condition and good ordor of their arms and uniforms betokened it, for, though not compulsory, evory man turned out in uniform, with the exception of one recruit. All the old mem- bers passed gun drill, and the recruits were promised another opportunity before the 6nd oí the year. The election of a councillor to fill a vacancy caused in the Bellerine Shire Council, took placo"on Friday. A most ex- citing contest took place between the two candidates, Messrs. Trethoyen and Levien. The foi mer gained the victory by four votes, the numbers polled being respectively eighty nine and eighty-five. The champion match at quoits played on Saturday, on the Geelong quoit ground, be- tween Messrs. M'Pherson and Robinson, was won hy the former, who is rapidly improving in this play, by 22 points, the score being M'Pherson, 41 ; Kobinson, 19. The most in- teresting match was that played by Messrs. Pufflcrt and Eippon, in which tho latter gave 7 points out of 31, Ho quickly recovered the points, and then both ran neck and neck until the scores stood at-Rippon, 21 : Pulllert, 20\. Bippon then secured the lead by close play, and was fortunate enough to win by 10 points. A caso was heard at Daylesford Polico Court on Friday, which, in tho opinion of the Bench, ledected great discredit on a Mel. bourne labour office. The circumstances, as we gather from the Daylesford Mercury of Saturday, were these :-A girl named Isabella "White, who is spoken of as being of a very respectable character, was engaged as a servant, on the 12th inst., at the office of Mrs. Elderton, Collins sticet, where she entered into an agreement to take service at what, she says, was repre- sented to her as a first-class hotel in Dayles- ford. She went to the place, which she then discovered was a Chinese Tavern, kept by ono Ah Tip, a place frequented only by China- men, and not at all a desirable house for a young girl to reside in. Finding that she had been grossly deceived in the character of the place, she left, after staying there about a fortnight. When she told Ah Tip of her intention to leave, he produced an agree- ment which, it was stated, had been drawn up by Mrs. Elderton, or some one belonging to her establishment, by which Isabella White agreed to serve Ah Tip for three months, at the rate of £30 per annum. This she swore she had never seen before. It was signed by a cross between' ner Christian and surname, but she was able to read and writo, and always signed her name. At the end of the term for which sho had given notice she left, and was summoned by her Chinese employer for absenting herself from her hired service. After hearing tho circum- stances of the case, the gross misrepresenta- tions made to the defendant, the more than questionable character of the place, and the forged agreement, the Bench cancelled the document, and expressed the opinion that it was a disgraceful tiansaction on the part of the Melbourne agent. The hope was al30 ox pressed that the publication of tho facts of the case would put respectable girls in Mel- bourne seeking employment on their guard against similar deceptions. The Geelong Register writes :-" What sym- pathy can be awakened frequently by the worst of criminals was instanced in the case of a prisoner named Anderson, alias Brown, who was convicted and sentenced at the General Sessions. This man was arrested some time since by Detective Hartney, and taken from the Geelong Hospital to Mel- bourne to answer for some offence which, it turned out, he had no hand in. He, how- ever, raised a most pitiable cry about the hardships of an honest man being dealt with in this way, and succeeded in so far con- vincing the magistrates and the City Court, as to induce them to order that he should be sent back to Goolong at the expense of the state. It now turns out that this very man is a noted criminal, and, at the time of the arrest referred to, had not been long out of Pentridge. His free passage back to Geelong he takes advan- tage of by, on the first opportunity, commit- ting two daring burglaries, for which he was on Friday sent to Pentridge again for six years." Ample precautions seem to bo taken againsl the occurrence of a firo at the Alfred-hall, Ballaiat, where the company of tho Theatre ltoyal of Melbourno commenced a series oJ performances on Saturday night. The build' ing being of very light construction, it has been thought advisable to have four firemen on duty every night, with their hose, reels, and nozzles in readiness. A telegram has been received at Talbot, frort Mr, Hodgkinson, to tho effect that the deci bion given at tho last sitting of the land com mission in Talbot, relative to inserting notice! of applications for land under the 42nd clausi three times was in error, as by recent regula tions one insertion only is necessary. Mr. Martin Nolan, late of Crowlands, wh< was admitted into tho Ararat Hospital abou a week ago, from injuries sustained by bein; thrown from hi3 horse, died early on Tuesda; moining last. The Ararat Hospital Committee, at a meet ing held on Tuesday, resolved to close tin doors to the admission of all patients, excep in cases of emergency, until tho Governmen funds are legally available. The judge of the Ballarat County Cour ruled on Friday that a second fraud sum mons in the same case was not warrantabl under the statute, when the defendant ha< onco been examined under a fraud sum mons. A witness possessing some original viow on matters of theology is thus reforred to b; the Bendigo Advertiser of Saturday :-" In i civil case tried in court yesterday, at th Town-hall, a plaintiff named Guy, a Wes India black, said, in answer to the ruagis trato, as to whether ho.was a Christian, 'I'D not a Christian if 1 have not received th Spirit from the Son.' 'Do you go to church' asked Mr. M 'Lachlan. ' No, ' replied the wit ness ; ' but there aro many bad Christian who go to church.' Tho witness wa sworn." " The committeo appointed to collect sut scriptions for the Ten-mile Hace," says th Wagga Wagga express of Saturday week "canvassed tho town with great onerg and success, as may bo gleaned iron the fact that tho amount raised by thou during one day, added to tho subscription of the previous evening, brought up tho tbto to tho very respectable figuro of £227. Th country districts havo yet to be canvassed and there now seems to bo no doubt that th necessary funds to bring up tho stako to £30 will bo easily raised. Tho projected race i causing some little speculation and excite ment in local sporting circles, and is expectei to make a most attractive feature in the pro gramme of our annual mooting in Novombe next." Tho Sydney Morning Herald of tho 24tl inst. has the following with reference to th Gympie gold-fields :-" A caso containing a large block of auriferous quartz, and three smaller blocks of a considerable size, arrived here on Sunday night, being consigned to the Commercial Bank. These remark- able specimens como from tho Lady Mary Reef on Gympie Creek, which, it will bo re- membered, runs into the Mary River, near Maryborough, in Queensland. The blocks are all of a character which demonstrates, in an unmistakable manner, lo tho most inex- perienced eye, tho surpassing mineral wealth of the Lady Mary Reef ; and it is not unin- teresting to know that thoy wore met with near the spot whero the monster nugget was found, which was viewed with so much admiration by our late Royal visitor, the Duke of Edin- burgh. The largest mass is about one foot eight inches in length, and proportionately broad ; of enormous weight, and traversed by rich veins of virgin gold. The smaller specimens are, if possible, yet moro thickly interlaced by tho veins of tho metal, which crops out, hero and there, in patches on tho surfaco of tho stone ; the fracturo of which by tho minor's pickaxe, has toneled to show the disposition of tho gold. Tho blocks wero invoiced at not less than £1,500. Mr. Neill, the manager, and other competent persons, aro of opinion that these blocks will, when properly tested, yield about 300 ounces. It is ?worthy of remark that tho Rev. W.B. Clarke, the geologist, stated it lo he his opinion that gold would certainly be found thus developed where tho monster nugget had boen dis- covered, and his surmiso has been vory happily verified in these magnificent spe- cimens." On Saturday evening last tho old City-hall, in B.ouike-street, transformed into the Colos seum, was re-opened to tho public, under the management of Mr. Wilton. The hall is capable of accommodating nearly 1,400 per- sons, and great tasto has been shown in the style of the decorations and fittings. It is a promenade rather than a concert room, and something Uko £3,000 havo been spent by the proprietor in rebuilding and im- proving the placo. Last night Miss Chalker, Miss Wcippert, Madame Thcreso, Mr. M 'Laren, Mr. Johnson (a singer from the London concert-rooms, who mado his first appoar ance), tho Wieland acrobats, and Professor CusbJa's troupe, were the principal attrac- tions. The Colosseum is a rival to the Varieties, and if well-conducted wiU doubt- less bo frequented by the same class of per- sons. The football match"JNorth v. South, played on the metiopolitan ground on Saturday afternoon, resulted in a victory for tho Southerners, who gained throo goals succes- sively to their opponents' one, kickod about fivo o'clock. A match played between the second twenty of tho South Yana Club and the Hobson's Bay Railway Club resulted in a draw, the latter sido having a slight advantage after two hours' play. A match will be played on AVedncsday next (Separation Day) on the Melbourno ground, between twenty players formerly scholars of tho Scotch College, and twenty formerly of the Grammar School, Both teams include somo of tho finest players in tho colony, and a splendid contest may be expected. Tho kick off will tako place at twelve noon shaip. The following is the Scotch College team ;-Armytage, Ballantyne, Barfoot, C. Barras, L. W. Bell, Bennie, Don. Campbell, Disher, Duncan, D. Duff, C. Forrester, Freeman, Goodall, Hope, J. Moodie, S. Moodie, M'Lennan, James Ogihy, Stodart, G, Waugh. Emergency Adams, Carr, Harrison, E. Power, Robinson, anel Royeraft. A theatrical case, Mortimer v. Barnett, was heard at the Sandhurst Polico Court on Fri day, in which tho plaintiff, Miss Marion Môr. timer, sued Mr. Nathaniel Barnett, lessee of the Lyceum Theatre for £5, due for salary as an actress. The plaintiff stated that she had agreed with Mr. Barnett to play for four weeks from the 23rd of May, at the rato of £5 a-wcek. At the end of the third week, she obtained the permission of the stage manager, Mr. Brown, to go to Melbourno, and she went. Whilo in town she received a letter from Mr. Barnett discharging her. Sho re- turned, and played on the night of her return, and after tho fall of the curtain, Mr. Bar- nett said to her, " I'll havo no moro of your nonsense." She denied having been intoxi- cated on the stage during the last week sho had played. Tho defendant stated that at tho timo the engagement was mado there was a "tacit understanding" between him and Miss Mortimer that sho would bo steady. Ho declined to givo his consent to her going to Melbourne, and when she re- turned two days afterwards, ho met lier, and after somo conversation he told bol- to go and tako her part ; but that night she carno on the stage in a state which was not proper for any lady to appear in, and he told her after the play to go about her business. He had allowed her to go on tho stage as hor name was on the bills, and as she had pro- mised to keep sober. Mr. W. M. Brown, tho manager, gave his cvidonce, and stated his belief that tho £o was duo for the week. Mr. M'Lachlan reviewed the case at some length, regretting that it should havo como beforo the public, ne had no doubt that Miss Mor- timer had "broken her engagement, and had not Mr. Barnett condoned her offence, andi in fact, been too good-natured, ho would have given a verdict for the defendant. But os tho caso had been placed before him, ho could not but give a verdict for plaintiff. Ho felt Mr. Barnett had been wrong in aUowing ladies who misbehaved themselves to appear on the stage, as it tended to lower tho charac- ter of tho stage. Verdict for the amount ; but no costs allowed. Mr. J. W. Gray, returning officer for Bal- larat West, in reply to the suggestion of the Star, that ho should givo some explanation of some apparent "venial irregularity" hi his accounts of tho late election, now writes to that journal to tho following effect:-"On tho 18th May, Mr. Stacey deposited with mo tho nomination paper of C. E. Jones, to- gether with £50 in bank notes. This sum I detained until several days after tho election, when I returned it to Mr. Eastwood by choquo upon the Bank of Victoria. This choquo was paid by Mr. Eastwood to his credit in the London Chartered Bank, and duly debited to mo in the Bank of Victoria. In corrobora tion of this, I beg to enclose for pubUcation copies of declarations made by Mr. Stacey and Mr. Eastwood ; and here I may say that tho deposit money of Mr. Jones waa lodgod with me, literally, truly, and bona fide, in tho fullest sense both of tho letter and spirit of the act, and that, neither directly nor in- directly, has any favour boon shown to him or to any ono candidato moro than anothor. I havo endoavoured to conduct tho elec- tions as agreeably to all the candidates as was consistent with tho strict discbarge of my duties. Tho simple explanation of tho alleged differenco in the entries relating to Mr. GilUes and to Mr. Jones is, that thcro is no differenco at all. In both cases tho £50 aro debited and credited on tho day on which thoy wero received, but in Mr. Jones's case the debit was exactly opposite tho credit in the cash-book, and in Mr. GiUioä's caso it was not so, the debit was at the top, and tho credit at tho bottom of tho page, and was therefore overlooked by mo when I was under tho cross-examination of Mr. M'Dor mott. In both cases tho amounts wero paid by mo to the credit of my private account into the Bank of Victoria on tho respectivo days on which they wero received. Tho en- tries of these sums in tho cash-book of Messrs. M'Dowall and Gray wero merely momoranda, and need not havo been there at all. As to keeping aseparato account for the elections, I maystate thatlhavedoneso, andone that is far moro complete than tho ono contemplated by tho Electoral Act. It embraces all that the Electoral Act requires, and much moro in addition. Tho act neither provides nor con templates that I shall open an account with a bank for election expenses- though I have dono this-nor does it specifically or by im- plication say whero candidates' deposits shall be lodged by mo. I may keep them in my pocket, give them to the man in tho moon, or do anything else with them that I choose, so long as I account for them in tho manner provided by law, cither by returning the amounts at the proper timo to the respective candidates, or in defraying election expenses I in case tho candidates bo not entitled to re- ceive the deposits back. I do not, therefore, j admit the ' venial irregularity' of which you | complain. Nor do I forego the right to keop j the accounts in such form as to my judgment may seem best. Of this matter I consider that I am the better judge." "A most brutal case of assault," says the Kyneton Guardian-"if, indeed, it does not amount to attempted murder-took place at Woodend on Tuesday night, the perpetrator being tlio notorious Paddy Wilson, and the victim his wife. On the night montioned, Wilson, who is jealous of his wife, intimated his intention of giving her a good hammering, and leaving her. no proceeded to make good his threat, beating her about the head and face till thoro waa scarcely an inch of space which was not either cut or bruised. He also bit her most savagely about tho arms, and kicked her in various parts of the body. The ruffian then made off. Information was given to the police, and when they reached the place, they found Mrs. Wilson co- vered with blood, whilst the clothes of her infant child 'were thoroughly saturated. Wilson, it appears, betook himself to Kyne- ton, and his wife was taken in by a friend Information was sent to the Kyneton polico, but they did not succeed in arresting tho ruffian, who appears to have only remained a short time in tho town. On Thursday morn ing, Constable Hanlon went to his place, and after some trouble in gaining admittance sue ceeded in arresting Wilson, who was lying concealed beneath a heap of dirty clothes. He'will bo brought before tho Bench on Tues- day. There are, we believe, already some thirty or forty convictions recorded against Wilson, and it is high timo that such punish- ment should be awarded to him as will effec- tually prevent him from carrying his murder- ous proclivities into effect." A first meeting of tho Ballarat East Consti- tutional Association was held last Friday night, tho mayor in the chair, whon a local committee was formed and new members on rolled. AVo do not wish (says the »Star) to alarm the excitable secretary of tho Loyal Liberals, but it is a fact that some "working men" were there, and joined the association. Stranger still, from a Loyal Liberal or secre- tarial point of view, Mr. Joseph Jonc3 did not embrace tho "working-men," nor Mr. Pope fall upon their necks to attempt a kindly homicide, but did the business of enrolment as a very ordinary sort of work, moaning other work not favourable to Loyal Liberal deadlocks. Forty-one new members were en- rolled. The chairman stated that the asso- ciation was only started on the 9th inst., and nearly 2,000 members had already been enrolled. A special train, which left Sandhurst on Saturday morning for Echuca'to bring back sheep to Melbourne, crashed through the gate at the Williamson-street crossing, the gatekeeper, it seems, not hearing tho whistle of the engine. The JLfotmi Alexander Mail, in publishing the progress list of subscriptions for the sisters of tho late Hon. D'Arcy M'Gee, re> marks :-" Thoro ave deaths in the field, and deaths in the senate, and though Mr. M'Gco'i life was sacrificed by political faction, it was not the less incurred in the cause of hi¡ country, nor the less surrounded with pathos, Every Victorian Constitutionalist has jusl now a peculiar inducement to offer his tributo to the memory of a man whose only crimo in tho eyes of his oppononts was his attachment to the great old country." A very singular accident is reported by the West Coast Times of the 20th instant, ivhicl: says :-" On Wednesday night, as the mail man was coming from Okarita to Hokitika, when passing round the Waitaki Bluff, his horse's feet became jammed in a crevice in the rocks so fast that several men were unable to extricate the animal, which roniainod there until the tide rose and drowned it." It appears from the West Coast papers thal all hope of the hatching of any of the salmor ova lately placed in one of the rivers of th( province of Canterbury, in New Zealand, has been abandoned. " In the course of the inquiry into the loss of the schooner Louisa, on Saturday last,' says tho West Coast Times of the loth inst. "it was stated by ono of the witnesses thai it was commonly reported in Groymouth thai the man King, who was lost in her, was thi man who steered tho boat containing the onlj survivors of the ill-fated steamship London It]£is just possible that it might bo so ; bu' the descriptions of tho two men do not tally John King, tho survivor of tho London, wai a mau about Sft. 4in. high, with the muscle! of his hands áomcwhat contracted. Thi King whose body was picked up was at leos three inches taller than .that, with, as far a our reporter can leam, full possession of thi use of both his hands. Both the deceoset and King of the London had their arms tat toed, but this goes for littlo." The Alhambra reached port at a very earl; hour this morning, from New Zealand ; ant by the kindness of Captain M'Lean wo aro ii possession of our usual files. From the Wei lington telegrams of tho West Coast.Times, wi learn that a very severe storm of wind, ant lain occurred at Timaru on tho 13th inst., ii which the brigantine Despatch was lost, ant her master (Mr. Driver) killed. Four murder have been committed by the natives at Wan ganui. A settler named Cahill, and twe labourers who were sawing timbor, wore sho dead by ten natives, and their bodies rauti lated. A trooper named Smith was also sho from ambush, his legs cut off, and his bod; hacked to pieces. Colonel M'Donuell hat arrived in Wellington for instructions. LI had only 100 men, and asked for authority ti raise 300 Europeans and 100 natives in aid o the force for six months. The Ngatiruanu aro understood to mean mischief unies speedily checked. The latest telegram is t the following effect:-"Sevonty-eight men enlisted in Wellington, havo left for Wau ganui, undor the command of Captain Page Lieut. Ischerwood, and Captain Hastings, t join Colonel M'Donnell. The full forco wil bo mado up to 400, by men from tho Eos Coast and Wanganui. Colonel M'Donne! will make a four months' raid against th rebels. The fighting is likely to bo severe Colonel M'Donnell has carle blanche." Tho Japaneso troupo gave a mid-day peí formanco at tho Theatro ltoyal on Saturday for the especial benefit of tho juvonile portioi of the community. Tho theatro was crowded and the exuberant delight of tho audienc was expressed with that heartiness and effu sion which only children know how to giv to their applause. The principal item in the performances a the Duke of "Edinburgh Theatre, on Saturda evening, was a local adaptation by Mr. W. 13 Gill, of " Fraud and its Victims," under th title of " Our City." Tho drama in it original form has nothing to rocoramond ii and the additional interest it may bo con sidcrcd to havo gained by localisât« is not great. Tho interest of the storj such as it is, is centred in the fortune of a family ruined by a fraudulent Livoi pool banker, who emigrate to Victorit and meet in Mclbourno tho author of thei reverses, whose real character is revealed b his confidential clerk, who witnessed the f rauc Tho action of the piece is illustrated by view of various parts of the city, the best of whic were the front of the Duke of Edinburg Theatre, and a view on the Eastern-hill. M 1 Appleton played Captain Rothsay in tho pro- logue, and enacted the difficult scene in the banker's parlour, famiUar to readers of "Hard Cash," with great power. Ho was also very effcctivo in tho drama as Young Rothsay. Mr. Bellair's ballad vendor was a good pioijo of character acting. Mr. Gill's impersonation of the Melbourno newsman was full of humour. Mr. Hall played the banker very creditably; and Mr. Collier's Sir Stephen Hargrave was a fair performance. The female characters, which are not of a strongly marked character, were in tho hands of Mrs. Gill, Mrs. AYalter Hill, Miss Brice, and Miss Carey. A local song, intro- duced by Mr. Gill, told extremely well ; but the drama was not generally received with a very large amount of favour by tho numorous audience its first représentation had at- tracted, and the grand procession of tho Eight-hours Movement in the Zoological gardens scone was unmistakably hissed. The entertainments commenced with the comedietta of " Crossing tho Line." The entertainments at the Varieties on Saturday evening commanded a fair sharo of public patronage. Tho " actualities and comicalities" of character pourtrayed by Mr. and Mrs, Case, togethor with tho miscel- laneous performances which followed, amply sufficed for an evening's thorough enjoy- ment. ' The performance given by the Gourlays, at ] tho Polytechnic-hall, during tho week, was repeated for tho last timo on Saturday ovoning. Tho amount of patronage bestowed upon these clever actors has been in no respect commensuralo with tho diUgenco and ac- curacy displayed by them in tho production of their various entertainments, The Melbourno Public Library will bo closed until further notice, for the purpose of stock-taking. .Tho Collingwood branch of the Constitu- tional Association'mcots to-night at tho Burke and AVills Hotel, Simpson's-road, for tho en- rolment of members, and transaction of other business. On Saturday thero wore 321 persons de- tained in Her Majesty's gaol, of whom 13 wero awaiting trial at the Supremo Court, 11 on remand fiom magistrates; road gang, 7; hard labour, 127 ; imprisonment only, 102 ; military prisoners, 31 ; lunatics, 2 ; in default of bail, 22 ; debtors, C. Total, 234 males, 87 females. At tho weekly mooting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, the superintendent mado tho following return :-Number of inmates in tho home, as reported last week, 339 ; admitted since, 199 ; persons who have received out- door relief, 714, or 171 families ; total relioved, 1,252 ; discharged from the home during tho week, 198 ; total at present remaining, 340. Number of women hair-teasing, 8 ; in tho laundry, 9 ; and sewing, 22 ; men oakum . picking, CO ; stonebreaking, l8 ; working outside, 3. The followiiiR subscriptions wero received during tho week :-Per tho superin- tendent-A. E. Jerwood, £1 ; per Mr. Golf, collector- Wm. Ford, £1 ;B. P. and Co., 10s. ; AVm. Stokes, 10s. ; AV. Edwards, 10s. : Lord and Co., £1 Is. ; M'Arthur, Sherrard, and Copeland, £2 2s. ; AVhittingham Brothers, £1 Is. ; tho proprietors of The Argus, £5 5s. ; Geo. Robertson, 10s. ; aud a parcel of clothing from H. Zumstoin. Tho old weatherboard structure hitherto employed for tho celebration of Divino ser- vice by tho members of the Methodist New Connexion congregation at North Richmond has been superseded by a substantial brick building in Church-street, erected by Messrs. Crouch and AYilson at a cost of about £000. The new church isj in tho plain Gothic stylo, with stained glass windows, and is capable of seating 300 porsons. Tho ordinary provision for personal convenience has been attended to in the internal arrangements, but no effort towards embellishment has boon at- tempted. Opening sei vices vvoro performed yesterday morning by tho Rev. Clement Lindley ; by the Rev. Joseph Beor in the afternoon ; and by tho Rov. G. Groy in the evening. On Tuesday ovening thero will bo a tea and public meeting, when his Honour Judge Pohlman will preside. Tho treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital acknowledges, with thanks, further offors of loan towards the sum of £5,000 :-From Mr. Moss, of Isaacs and Moss, £100 (to whom the committee aro indebted for suggesting the scheme) ; Mr. Thomas Moubray, £100 ; Mr. Ambrose Kyte, £100 ; Mr. P. J. Martin, £100; Mr. Louis Gerschel, £100; Messrs. Ross and Smith, £100 ; Mr. Aaron AVaxman, £100. Also, donations from Dr. It. M. Mac- donald, £5 5s. and Mr. David Ogilvy, £5. The president of the Ladies' Benevolent Society begs to acknowledge tho sum of £10 from tho treasurer (Mr. George Clelland) of tho Carlton Original Popular Readings, being tho proceeds of a special ontertainment given on last Friday evening, in tho Trades-hall. AVe are requested to acknowledge donations from the proprietors of The Argus to the fol- lowing charitablo institutions :-To tho Beno volent Asylum, £10 10s. ; to tho Melbourno Orphan Asylum, £5 5s. ; to the St. Vincent do Paul Orphanage, £5 5s. AVe have received the following donations for tho family of the late Captain Jury, tho distiessing case referred to in our issue of Friday last :-F. G. P., £1 ; J. S., Sandhurst, £1 ; E. W., South Yarra, £1 Is. Mr. Sturt acknowledges tho receipt of £1, for the city poor-box, from V. G. S. 