Thb appointment of Mr. Vbbdon to tho important office of Agent- General of Vio- torin in England would have our unquali- fiod approbation, but for the shabby manner in which it has been foisted on tho publio — done in a snrreptitious, stealthy fashion by Messrs. M'Ctrnoon and Higinbotham, as if thoy were con- sciencq-strickon at making an unfair uso of their position on the eve of quitting offico. _ It was, moreover, aoarcely less discreditable to these Ministers than it was unjnst to Mr. "Vbbdon, whodid not desorvo to be palmed off in snoh a way, as though he were a bad bargain, upon the country. If his nomination had been made in proper timo by hiB colleagues, or if it had been left to their sucessors in office to deal with it, thoro is no one in the colony whom the general voice of public opinion would so soon call to the appointment m jjj-i. v jiuuun , ujiu, eueroioro, tnoro:was no need to do the thing in the nnprece- dented fashion, which has been selected in preference by the members of the late M'Culloch Ministry. It would almost seem as though, from depraved taste and vicious habit, they would rather do an important thing like this in a crooked, underhand, ovorroaohing stylo, than in a direct, open, honest, above; hoard mabnor —just as some flunkeys prefer increasing their gains by peculation rather than by a higher rate of legitimate wages. ' At present the nomination is little bettor than a mere shadow ; for there is no salary" attached to it, except what' may bo voted on tho Estimates by the Assembly, should that HouBe approve of the appointment. And if the hew; Administration should think proper, they .can' make it a nullity by merely placing no sum on the Estimates, either Cot the salary of the, offico, or for payment of Mr. Vbbdon's pAssago to England. ; We do not say they will'or aro likely to do this ; but we.ihentioh. the . circumstance to Bhow the .-very' lextra- ordinary,and even painfuland humiliating position in which his late colleagues have placed Mr. Vbbdon. They have left him completely at the mercy of his political opponents, and if these do not possess more magnanimity and generous feeling than Messrs. M'Culloch and Higin- botkah were capable of, it will fare badly with the new Agent-General. We should hope, for their own Bake;, however, as well as for Mr. Vbbdon's .comfort and the general welfare of the: country; that the new Ministry will do nothing to prevent that gentleman proceeding to England to carry out there the functions |of,hia. agency ; for it is a public necessity that the office should, be filled up without delay, and there is no oni publio man in the colony who is fitter for the post than Mr. Vbbdon, and very few so fit. Mr, Vbbdon's manners and bearing are.those of a gentleman. : He is , 'a pleasant and fluent speaker, he is a good business man, and altogether he is well calculated to produce favourable impresBiohscon- ccrning Australia amongst all; those various persons, high and low, official or private, -with whom he may be brought in contact in the United Kingdom; on the business of the colony. Upon very many grounds, then, publio, as well as personal to Mr. Vbbdon him-- self, it is a matter of regret that 'his' ap-. pointment. was not made in a becoming and honourable and valid manner. It should have been done by a special bill, passed through the twe.Houses of QParlia- ment,- whioh would both fix the salary of the , Agent-General, 1 and spAoiAlly exempt by name Mr. Vbbdon from the operation of the Officials in Parliament Aot. I Under this aot no -member of Parliament can accept an office of profit under the Crown, except that' of- a Cabinet- Minister or a Judge of the Supreme Court, until six months, shall have elapsed after his retirement from Parliament; and a considerable pecuniary penalty jis . at tached., to the. infringement of - the law. Mr. .Higinbotham, who seems to have studied the law, or what little he knows of the law, in order to ascertAin how it can be moat readily violated, or over reached, was not apparently discouraged at the ill- success of all hiB recent attempts' in this direction, from making .One last unai enorc oeioro quitting oilice to frus tratetho law,. in this .matter of niembers of Parliament not being nominated: 'to lucrative apppintments under the. Govern-' ment. He thought he would 'f do " -his political opponents out of a valuable bit Of' patronage, and serve a friend, .at the "same time that he showed his dexterity in evading the obligations of the law. He therefore had Mr. Vbbdon gazetted to enter upon .the office of Agent-Gene- ral of the colony in England on the lat of December next., -Thus- the appointment ia . given ..now,' but thedate of its ' offioial' commencement is post-dated six months; to evdde the provisions pf a speoial Aot of . Par liament. Such . an appointment '' does not hold good,, nnless the new' Mi nistry ohoose to; permit it ; and they owe it, perhaps, to the vindication of their own eharaoter, as law-abiding 'people) iiot to allow such a transparent attemptito. over reach the law to paai and beciiifio 'a success. They bah sustain the'inviolability of the law, and at the Aame tithe 'preserve the post for Mr;; Vebdon, by passing a short act nominating him. to the" office. _ Theduties of . the Agent- General, espo- cially in reference to the promotion of immigration into the colony from the United Kingdom, are of so important a eharaoter .that it'Is 'inost desirable the 'fittest and ablest man whom the .'ranks of publio life here 'can furnish should be- nominated to fill the office ; and, in our opinion at least; there are none of our publio men who are at present available,- and' who at the same time can' comparo with- Mr. Vbbdon in the possession of the qualities most needed' for the post'. He ought, therefore, we think, to be made | onr Agent-General, at the aamo time that | the appointment is given in a legal, binding, and creditable manner — setting aside altogether the underhand style which Mr. Hioindotham adoptod of smuggling him into tho office. It we mean to make any progress as a commu nity, wo muBt largely increase our popula tion from without ; and Mr. Vbbdon would be able to render first-class service to us, in not only directing tho attention of the British public in an intelligible and effective way to tho advantages open to immigrants coming to' Victoria, but also in scouring a superior class of immigrants. By all moans, then, let him proceed at onoe to England as onr Agent-General ; but let his appointment bo mado in a decent and logal manner. It appears that efforts will ho mode to oppose the re-clectlon of neatly all tbo members of thenew Ministry, wllh tho slow of testing the feeling of tho country. It Is said that Mr. 81idon will find an opponent in the Western Province In Mr. George Rolfo, who Is apparently always ready to come forward In any emergency. Mr. Fellows, at St. Ellda, and Mr. Langlon, at West Mel bourne, wilt probably be allowed a walk -over, aa It Is considered useless to enter npon a contest In thoso districts after the results of tbe late elec tion. Strenuous efforts are being made to induce Mr. Mlchle to oppose Mr. Gillies in Ballaarat West; but In the event of that gentleman de clining, which Is more than probable, Mr. Chal mers, the defoated candidate at the last election, but who polled a large number of votee, will be brought forward against the Mlnlstor of Lands. Mr. Crews, another "emergency man," and also Mr. Herbert Henty, are epoken of aa likely to contest South Bourke agalust Mr: O'Grady ; and It Is thought that Mr. Graham Berry will prove aformtdablo opponent to Mr. Eerferd nt tho Ovons. Mr. MacDonnell Is considered safe for re-olectlon at Vllllers nnd Heytesbury ; but Mr. Bayles Is thought to be not quite so cer tain. Rumour has It that Mr. M'Culloch Is willing te give up Mornlngton for the purpose of contesting tbe election In Yllllere end Heytesbury.. It Is evident, however, that the strongest opposition will be brought to bear against -the new Ministers. Tho. address of Mr. Bladen to the electors of tho Western Province will be found In our ad vertising columns. A supplement to lost night's Gazette an nounces that bis Excellency' the Governor yes- isruuy uppoimea ins non. ueorge juriscoe Eerferd, Minister of Mines, to be e VIco- president of the Bourd of Land and Works, without salary or emolument. Mr. Thomas Mouhrsy, 45 Collins Btreet west, Melbourne, it gszstted returning officer for the. electoral district of West Melbourne, lu the room of the Hon. W. Bayles, resigned. We understand that Mr. B. G. Dsvles, M.L.A., is seriously 111, suffering from an attack - of diphtheria. In consequence of certain charges of drunken ness brought by Dr. Hallett against Dr. Dob- byn, the coroner at Wangaratta, a commission, consisting of the following gentlemen, has been appointed to adjudicate on the case Messrs. Piper and Butler, police magistrates; and Mr. W. G. Brett, deputy-sheriff. We have received from the proprietors of the Evening Star a copy of their journal printed on the first paper manufactured in tbe coloiiy, at Mr. Ramsden's mills, and with the first Ink made in the country. Although the paper Is not exaelly suited for " newB" purposes) but Is an excellent sample of wrepplng-paper, stllf the first copies have ao Interest iu showing the great advance of our Industrial pursuits, j At the meeting ef: the Victorian Permanent ProporlyThvcslment end Building Society held on Thursday ovenlng, the. chairman (Mr. Crews) announced that 805 new shares had been Allotted during tho previous month, making a total of 14,455 shares. The receipts for tho month amounted to L4561 16s. Id., end 259 shores were advanced toborrowlng shareholders. The Albion Subscription Betting-room will be open on Monday evening next, for settling on the Randwlck meeting, A meeting ef subscribers to the Eye end Ear Institution was held last sleht. at which a report of a very satisfactory character was pre sented aud adopted. Particulars will be found In Another column. Mr. Leslie A. Moody, the Inspector of Distil leries, and some of his officers yesterday made an Important seizure of an Illicit still In full working order on the premises of Mr. A. Ruff, soap and candle maker, Queensberry street, Hotham. There was a man on the premises when the officers approached them, but he managed to get out of the window Bndmeke his escape jwlthout being Identified. As usual; thewholeoftheproperty on the premises was seized, consisting of e horse end cart, some vets end tubs; and also a Bmall quantity of spirits recently distilled. Mr. Ruff was taken Into custody, and . It Is expected he will be brought up at the City Police Court this morning. It is thought tiiat tho llllcilr dtatille- tlon has not been carried on long on the premises, because'they :were n abort time ago searched by the police for a different object then to detect Illicit distillation ; and then no signs of any opera- 'tions for tho purpose were discovered. . Until' very recen Uy the proprietor of the premises was : In the habit of constantly melting down fatrbut this waVrecantly discontinued, and the officers yesterday .found that the still had fieen fitted 'to ' the melting-down vat. , ' ; ' : The .want of rain Is .vory much felt In the', country districts. The Geelong Roglster says on this subject By this time " ploughing ought to ba well forwaid ou most farms,' but un less on. those that have aiooso friable s6U, there has not been much done. The. dryness of.the- season has rendered the ground ao hard that it Is almost unworkable, as the plough caunot pene trate vory deeply, and on many properties where there era heavy or clay lands It Is an Im(x>Baibiilty to turn a farrow. A week's - heavy rain now would be of the utmost service to all Engaged in farming operations, nnd less than that' would' hardly be sufficient to 'speed the plough.'," Tho general monthly meeting of StJ Francis' Benefit. Society was hold on Thursday evening, In St; Francls'-ball. Mr. B. Nolan, president of the society, occupied the chair. After receiving subscriptions,, the following members were duly' nominated, viz.:— John Smith, John Reardon, Patrick Moriartv, Patrick Martin, j Thomas O'Dep; Robert Hoaley, and John Reld. ' The following were ; duly enrolled as full benefit members, having been recommended bvitbe com mittee of management: — Messrs. I Patrick O'Mcare) J ohn: ,' Burke, James ' Eii/oy, and : Morlln Qoonen. The president informed the members there were two vacancies in tho com mittee of management, which would be filled at next monthly meeting of the society. After the disposal of ether routine' business, the meeting adjourned. .... , | . : ,r The committee of management of the Rosiey : Vale annual tea meeting,' id aid of tlte funds ol the Melbourne. General Hospital and Benevolent Asylum, met on . Wednesday, ot the Lamb Inn Yan , Yean, for the purpose of balancing accounts' ' and deciding the proportion each lnsli(ut|on was to receive; Mr. J.-Wlshart, of-Whlttlciea, in the choir. . The secretary: brought up a report showing that the movement was stlil a success' thero being an increase of funds this year as' compared with last,' of. over L20;.en announce ment which was received. with general satisfac tion; It was resolved unanimously; that tho aumof 1.20 ho .paid into ths Benevolent Asylum to the credit of Mr. T.'F. Boadlo, to entitle that gentleman to a life-governorship of that institu tion, to maik the appreciation of the committee for the' untiring zeal and energy he hBd put forth lu this matter. It was then resolved to pay to the' Melbourne Hospital, tha'aum of LOO, to the' credit of three of the annual contributors of Li to the tea fund, the jsame io he decided by jotT- the lot falling to' any member who had alreadyV life-governorihip in each of the Institutions, to ba sold to the highest bidder among the members of committee, and the amount to go to the general — — — — — — — — — — fund-". Messrs. B-.R. Crosswell and J. Hlgga wero appointed auditors 'for 1868. Lota were then drawn for the Ufe-governoreblps of tho Hospital in favour of Dr. Wllllsm Ronald, Yan Yean; A. Cocker, Royal Mall hotel, Whlttlesea; and William Younger, North Melbourne. Tho treasurer was authorised to transfer from the tea fund to the general fund the amount required to make up the L80. A -vote of thanks was unanimously given to the honorary secretary, who, In reply, stated that he felt mora than amply compensated for any little treublo he had been at when he saw the movement ao well sup ported In the district; It certalaly had b;en mooted that It ought to bo made n moveable affair, and net held continuously In one place, but he thought that other districts ought to follow the example set by the Wh|ttlesea district, and do likewise. A vote of thanks to the chair man concluded tho business. A meeting was held at Plomer's Carlton Club hotel on Thursday evening, for tho purpose of forming a bowling club in Carlton. Councillor A. M'Bean was voted to the chair, end Intimated that the City Corporation had granted the per missive occupancy of tho northern portion of Argyle square, on which a green would at once be made. Fifty gentlemen enrolled their names as members ; rules were adopted, and tho follow ing were elected office.bearors of tho club : — President, Semuel Ramsden ; vice-presidents, A. LtnBcre and A. M'Bean;- treasurer, D. H. Valentine; eecietary, Joseph M'Lesn;. com mittee, Messrs. W. Rsddiffe, John Helton, T. O'Grady, J; PIgden; and E. Gunn. From our Adelaide files wo observe that a bill In equity had been filed by Mr. George Coppln, as agont for Mr. Dion Bouclcault, against Mr. Solomon, tho lessee of the Adelaide Theatre, 'for an Infringement of copyright In playing tbo drama of " Arrsh-na-Pogue." Tbe case csme on for hearing before Judge Gwynne on tho 4th Inst., end after tho arguments of counsel on both sides had been hesrd, an adjournment was mado until Monday. It was expected that the new Parliament would be called together towards tbo close of June. The nnmbor of births registered in tha metro politan and suburban districts during the week ending the 2nd May wai 146 and the number of deaths 77. Tha districts generally are reported upon favourably, both as regards sickness and mortality. By the City of Melbourne which arrived yes terday, we have Sydney dates' te the 5th last. At A mPAifno nf Itin TCvontlfltrn Pminnll ltotil «» tbe 4th Inst., It was determined that In the CBse of the culprit Albert Barnes, convicted at the April sitting of tbo Bathurst Circuit Court of tbe murder of en old man named JameB Casey, at Bowenfels, the lew should take Its course. The Sydney Morning Herald of the 5th Inst, says: — The prlzBs won at tho Metropolltan Autumn Race Meeting were paid over at Tattersall'e last night, In the presence of a very large number of persons. The amount paid Inprlzes was L4700, and tha principal winners were— Mr. Tidt, L1600 ; Mr. E. Lee, L740 ; Mr. Fisher, L480 ; Mr.. He Mestre, L280 ; Dr. Bowker, L240. The sums paid by Tsttersall's Club in Calcutta sweeps amounted to L1578. The hon. secretary and treasurer of the Jockoy Club, Mr. Bucban Thomson, made a few appropriate observations In handing Mr. Talt the gold cup won by The Barb, and the recipient suitably acknowledged the 'compliment.' The general settling took place afterwards, when a large amount of money changed hands. Thero were, how'ever, many engagements that were not met, and a, good, many lzqnlriee for absentees. Consequent upon, this 'thero was some talk of .posting, absentees, as defaulters." With reference to the rumoured resignation of .the Earl of Belmore, tho Empire is authorised to state that his Excellency has neither done so, nor has he the Blightest In tention of doing so at present. In fact, so far Is the statemont tho reverse of true, that his Excel lency has just entered Into arrangements with the proprietor of Throaby Park, Button Porest, to rent that place as a summer residence. It Is stated that Mr. CoIvIb, feeling himself aggrieved at seme remarks which appeared In the Ballaarat Courier, , having reference to himself; has commenced an action for libel against that Journal. ' It Is also mentioned thnt M- John Page Hanlfy, clerk of conrls at Ararat, baa brought an action for ltbel against the Bal laarat' Evening Post for certain remarks con-, talned lu' a paragraph reflecting npon himself. Damages are laid at L1000. I - - Under the hoadleg "A Jolly Billet," the Moama correspondent of the Pastoral Times writes:— "The Moama Customs.— The officer in charge has a good house free: -His salary Is L400 per annum ; be has a Junior offlcor at a salary of something like L200 per annum ; also, forage for one.horso at something like LC0 per annum. The most ludicrous thing is, this officer of Customs has no necessity for ahorse, having nothing to do ; and as a matter- of course ' never usee one, except he wishes to; drive to Echuca (one mile end a half ),' probably! once a week. These two Customs officers, fortunately, are great smokers; which whiles -away the time. There are something like 500 cases of gin In bond,, which was placed lost year in from. Vic toria, owlngto'the 'alterations made as obarging: for a certain quality. - 1 think you would he : doing a great good in exposing this misuse of the, .PMbltbLmphey. We havo a township which re quires some little money laid out upon' It for carrying off the sterm water. We have applied -to-the Government' to assist its. We' are not listened to, on account of this great expenditure tha.Customs bring about. .One ordinary officer at L200 per annum,, with quarters, Is all that is required, which would be a'savlng of about L500 .per.annum." . i A man known by tha name of Swedish Charley met with bis death by drownlog at Qxley, it fo supposed, on last Monday, bvenlng. The attention of a psrty of surveyors was' first attracted by observing some articles of dress ranging from the branch, of a tree on the banks of the King River, between the bridge at the township and ths slaughterhouses. ; On pre- securing their search thev fnunrf itir - bottle of brandy. Thta, together witli the clothes, awakened their suspicions, that something was wroag, and they Immediately ;gave' Information to ths police. Constable Reld, with some asristants, dragged tbe river, and discovered the body early on Tueedsy .morning in almoit a state of nudity. It Is conjectured that the unfor tunate man is another victim to the bottle, " v) A man residing in 8kipton streot, Ballaorat, while under tbo Influenco of drink, wandered; from hls home early on Thursday morning. He was without hat aod sho'ck; Information was- given at the Camp Police-station, and Mounted-1 constable O'Shenassy was nt once dispatched in the. direction of the Canadian Ranges, where the man was supposed to have strayed. iTheeon- . stable, after a diligent search, was after a short time rewarded for his efforti; by finding tbe iV-" jectj 0f his pursuit, lying Ja;avery- exhausted' condition eloss by, whore. the,' r!fla butts have be&t; recently erected.--: . . I v. A-; respectable-looking' .'jvoman, 'glving"rthiLl name of Sarah Metcalf, appeared at the City Court yesterday morning, to ' 'answer's! charge of forgery.'. The case, for the prosecution was that a MrorBury who had boen-rcaldlng in tbe prl- ;so"ner's house; had been lu the habit of receiving, from -her husband, who was engaged on Mr. Hlggihs' railway contract -at Llthg'ow (New South Wales), money by, post-offica'ord'ers, and one of those orders.for L5had been cashed at the post:office;by the prisoner, .who had signed-Mrs.- Ijury's namoito tho receipt) and appropriated the money to her own use. The case against the accused, was father weak, and it was not proved that It waa Bhe who cashod tho "order) although she admltted she had sigacd the receipt for it at Mrs. Bury's request ; but she denied that she"' took- it to tha post- offico. For the defence it' was alleged- that Sirs". .Bury) wrote very baiUy," and she Was In the habit of employing the pri soner as her amanuensis. She wob remanded for a week In order that some other post-office, orders which were at Sydney might be produced In evidence. The sacrilegious burglars oi St, Francis'— William Wickers and John Pritchard or Pritcher— were sent for trial ; end a atatei ment was made by Dotectlvo Hannsn, In which he gave a history of ths case and by what means tho officers became possessed of ths information which led to tbe arrest of the prisoners. Prom these remarks it would seem that Hannan and Christie could not have acted In any other man nor then theyjHd. Wllllsm De Wit, a barber in North Melbourne, and John Cunllffo, were remanded until Wednesday on a charge of defrauding William Bassotthy means of valueless cheques. On the application of Mr. Birnle DeWlt was released on his own ball. ' We regret to learn that Mr. Charles Vlnjent Is Btill very unwell, and will not he able to -re. sumo his professional duties for some days', ' -: In the course of a case .heard against a cab. man In tho District Court yestordiy; for plying for hire off the'proper stand, "Aldernran Wrogg one of the presiding magistrates, gave an fou portent decision, end one which we hope will fa carefully, read by all cahmon. It. was to the effect that any cabman whilst , proceeding along the atreot, upon being belled by a passenger must stop and teke up the fare, but must' not continue to ply for hire after once leaving the rank.' If this course Is adopted, much' present inconvenience to tho public will he saved. We take the following from the Ballaarat Post — ','1 twill be remembered thete few days since a ruffian named Taylor was sent to gaol for six months for the brutal Ill-treatment of his chil dren. Since then he was again brought up oharged with attempting their lives by giving them lollies over which he had ponred eome dele terious drug: He wbs remanded, In order that the contents of. a bottle found lo his house might be analysed by Mr. Johnson, of St. Elide tho Government analytical chemUt. Sergeant Lamer proceeded to town yesterday, and Informs us that ths analysis,' though not' yet com- pleted, gives, as far.es can be at present known grave grounds for thd most horrible suspicions' Tho case will be before the' Court again in a dov or two." , We hBvo Hobart Town dates to the 6th Inst, and Launctstcn to the 6th inst. .Mr. w' Archer, one ef the representatives of the district of Delorelne in the House of' Assembly, had resigned his seat. The Intelligence generally fo barren of Interest. The football match to havo been played this afternoon between tho Melbourne and Emerald — ... uouu iiuuiiuueu. xnero will he a scratch match on the Melbourne ground. A- football match will be . played between a second twenty from the Emerald HU1 Football Club and the first twenty of the Church of England Grammar Sehoel Football Club, on the ground of the latter:' The Carlton club will meet for praotlce this afternoon In the University Park. The match Geelong v. Carlton will come off oa the 25th Inst. The Castlemalne Daily News Is to appear or Monday as a morning Journal. A parade of tbe Bendigo Rlflrs took place on ' Thursday, under LleutUColonel Bull, the field- officer of tbe district. The companies, in'charge of Captain Joseph and Lieutenant Blackham— . Captain Taylor acting aa Major—were marched through some of the principal streets of the town, and up to the Railway reserve, performing a number of movements on the route.. On the Railway reserve the crops were drilled' for some time by Lteut.-Colonel Bull In battalion move ments, some of which were of ' a' difficult and Intricate nature. At the Conclusion of the drill the colonel expressed to the 'mon hit high satisfaction of the manner In which' they had gone through the movements, tbeir.adyoncleg and retiring in line being commended as ex cellent, and such as few corps could equal. He also stated that it was the Intention :oif- Colonel Anderson and staff to visit each, district In the colony shortly, for the purpose, more particularly, of. judging whether the officers and mon-com- mlssloned officers were posted up in' thelr re- epective duties. He would, therefore, Impress upon them" the necessity of studying". their drill previous to Colonel Anderson's Inspection, so that they would .be enabled to pass wltb $redlt to themselves. , .it ' The first of a series ot entertalnmonli In nna. nectlon with the Young Men's Society of Pent- rldge took plsco lu tho Wealey'an SchooProom on Thursday evening last, before a Iafge'iudteuce, numbering about 800 persons. ' The president of the society, Mr. Francis Boll, 'occupied the chair: The readings, recitations, end singing were creditably given by members ofrth"4 society. The 'proceeds of the- entertainment . are te go towards tho formation of a library, : Johnson, a notorious, busbrongor on tho New South Wales side, has been arrested In tbo neigh bourhood of Mudgee. Tho Dubbo'Despatch of the 2nd Inst, states that on. Sunday he was at GUgandra, making himself quite, at hpmo under the pretence ol being a policeman" 'He stuck up a traveller with a swag, telling him he en- swered tha description of an absconder from Queensland. He put several' questions to the man and read him the ustlel " caution." Johnson afterwards told tho man lie was not o policeman, 'and 1/ he .was asked who stuck- him up, to ssy It -was-" Ringtalled Johnson."' Thls-would-bs knlgfit of the road asked the traveller -If he met Johnson would , he fire at him 'to which be replied he would. Thermal Immediately pro- ;duced.two pistols, handed one to tho'tpan, walked back.B few paces, and fired over his bead. We h'edr of him agalu at ' Galargumbone, where be brought a gentleman .tohlnd him.onjils horse from Warrle. to the Inn, and made . him sign a cheque for 1.4, Several similar exploits are told of'thls Bsplrant for Cockatoo., r) J-Tiie..gaol returns for last month (sBys the Mi-At Mall) show a large decrease ln"t£e Chinese criminal population, as compared with the cor responding month In the previous year! Indeed, the crime in the district Is low ; biit tho improve ment In mprals is principally due to the disparity In tho Mongolian ranks. While there were detained In the gaol last month eighteen Chinese, there were a year ago about, sixty. ,. At that tlma tho ....... — ! ' ... , ....q,, puouuBio was j.iu, now u issixiy. included In which number are 25 per cent, of females end two debtors. , The handsome carriage used' bytH.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh during hip visit td'Uallaarst, and presented to the Prince by, tho'two borough councils, was yesterday ferwerded'by'rallway to Melbourne for shipment homo. The. vehicle was packed In a substantial case by ths manufac turers, Messrs. . M'Carlney 'and"AIared, and every precaution used to prevent any damage. The Hotham Popular Readings were success- ..fully started on Thursday evening last. The slbgtog/of' Misses Uvlngstoii)- "Houston, and Bryer, . with Messrs. Nugent,"" Morgon, M'Milian, and others' as readers, apparently gave great sQtlsfoctlon Mrs. Morgan presided with her usual ability . at tbe piano. The entertain ments are announced weekly. ' I ;,-The annual general meeting of the Ascot Valp, Cricket Club- was held -in 'the1 -schoolroom, Moonee Ponds, on Wednesday evening last; Mr;-S. M. Puokle In tho chair. Thp report for the seasbn was read and confirme'dr After the usual votes -of tbauks to the office-bearers of the club , for .their services during tbe season, the meeting separated. ' .' i r r;! , ..g. 'At- the weekly meeting of the executive com mittee' of the' immigrants' :AId Society, held on ' Friday, the superintendent" inado'tho following return :— Number of Inmates I'm '-the Home, aa reported last week, 312; admitted, since, 81 ; -'persons, who have received. oufedpori relief, 788, or 192 families — total relieved, 1181)'- Discharged from the home during tho week, 84 ; total pre sent remaining, 309, Number of women halr- teaslng, 18 ; , In the laundry, 6 ; sewing, 18 ; number of men oakum- picking, 35; atone- breaklng, 16 ;- working outside, 6. Tho.follow- ' lug subscriptions have bceq received during the ;,week, viz,:— J. Wi, L16.ios;i Mslleson snd England, L3 3s. : M'Ewan hntt Co , 12; M. A. H., 6s.; Victoria Sugar ;Compiny> H ; Sam. Moore, LI; Taylor aed BUfikland, L2 2s.; J. Richardson, LI Is.; W. aud S. Gardiner, LI ; Bev. j. BallantyheJ 10s.; Dickson, 'Wltllems sod 'Co., Ill » Jurnbnll and Smith, LI 1b. ; ".William Morton, LI le. ; Alston and Brown, Ll ? gam, Mullen, Ll Is.; Robertson and Jloffot, II Is i Df' Trae?» II The Police Gazette of this week contains par ticulars f an unusually largo number of petty robberies and offences committed In various parts i of the country ; also, the description ef ten boyB. who have deserted from the Industrial School at "sonhury, and three sailors who deserted from the French ship Aveyron, nt Sandrldgo. The following is 0 return of appointments, etc., in tbo ' police force, for tho week ending 5th May: — /Appointment es detective, third does, Shlng Fook. Promotions : Constable Bell, to eenlor-cooetable ; . Constable Cahlll, to eenlor-conetsbio; Constable Ryan, to eenlor-conetohlo. Reduction: Senior- constable John Sullivan, to constable. Dis cbarge : Constable Christopher Mahon. Rowards : i ' To Cenetahle J ernes Hogon, et Melbourne, L2 has been awarded In acknowledgment of bis ser vices In stopping a runaway horse; to Constable John Brown, at Melbourne, L2 has been awarded 1 in acknowledgment of bis services in the srrest ' and'prosecutlon of George Buckley, sentenced to three years for attempted burglary and wound - i ' log, and of John Moore, sentenced to twelve months ns being an accomplice of Buckley. The Head-quarters Baud will play this aftor- nooa, from 3 to 6 o'clock, at the Csrlton Gardens, , the following selection : —March, " Coronation," I' Meyerbeer; qnadrlllo, "Thereet," Godfrey; '' " le Carnevol do Venice," Slede ; overture, .... i<\yfi"l|om 'Tell," Rossini ; waltz, " Uobor Land nhd Meer," Gung'l ; selections from "L'Ecloir," Holevy ; galop, "Bon Solr," D. Godfrey, i At the Theatre Royal last night Mr. Walter I Montgomery's masterly delineation of the Danish Prince was received with the usual ap plauding appreciation of a full house. In the ' delivery, of tho celebrated soltlcquy Mr. Mont gomery was especlolly successful, and In the closet ecene with the Queen, ably supported as he was by Miss Cleveland, the emotions of a mind actuated alternately by love for an erring mother and a fixed desire to avenge a murdered father, wero depleted with an intensity of earnestness. almost painful. The other characters were fairly supported, Miss Marion Dunn playing Ophelia with taste and feeling. In fact, nltbongh this young lady's rendering , of the part le not a first-class performance, It shows signs of careful study, apd, a by no means incorrect conception of a character more plaintively beautiful than striking. To-night the performances will : In clude" Richard, III." and a fares, i " Under the Gaslight " was repeated at the Doke of Edinburgh Theatre last night to a good hense ; the railway scene, as has been customary, — being ' gTeeted with loud applause. To-night the bill will consist of the popular comedy of 1 " Caste," and, for the last time, " Under the Gaslight." 