SHIPPING FOE THE MONTH. THE barque Dayspring, which, has . "arrived "ia port from Hong Kong, after a' protracted passage, brings a sad tale'of suffering, and disease, and death amongst her passengers and crew: The Dayspring, Captain George Middleton, sailed from Hong Kong on May 20, with two European passengers' in the cabin, and ninety six Chinese in the steerage. The passage at the outset, in consequence of light winds and calms, was very tedious, and when a month ont Hong Kong scurvy broke out amongst the Chinese passengers. The first case which terminated fatally occurred on August 10, and since then scarcely a day passed without one or more of the unfortiinate creatures dying of this disease, and "the number of souls which left Hong Kong in tliis "most unfortunate skip, has been reduced to between twenty and thirty. The mortality is even now going on—two or three of the passengers liave died since .the vessel arrived at the! Heads.' The master appears to iiave -acted-in an unaccountably strange manner, as he had the bodies thrown overboard in coming up the bay. Whether this was done-in ignorance or otherwise of the port regulations will doubtless be elicited at the. inquest, •which'is to be held to-day on the body'61 one' of the passengers who died after the barque had anchored. It is . very rarely that such a sad spectacle is ever witnessed in tliese wateis as that presented yesterday, aud the senior immigration officer, Mr. Gossett, on discovering the state of matters, on board, at once sent for Messrs M'Lean and Figgto f adopt : measures for the alleviation of the sufferers. For the sake of justice as well as humanity,, it is imperative that a strict and stringent investigation should be made into all the circnmstances connected with this most painful afiiair.— Argus. ...-.-' - -: ; {i "THE following report, furnished by the survey party just returned from the wreck of the steamship Cily of -taunceston, will, says. the Ballarat Star; ibe interesting to many. Great care has been taken " to make the survey complete, and our readers will see that it -has proved eminently satisfactory. Mr. •Sharp.states tliat, after waiting for fine weather some considerable time, they were enabled to make " the first plunge on Monday last. Mr, "Maquay descended at four p.m., and made atour of the ship, entering the saloon' cabin, : and two '• of the berths. - Mr "Maquay describes the Icondition of the vessel -aB - exceeding his most sanguine .expectations, .tile brass an3 iron work being sound and good and with- ^ut.flaw, the woodwork of the doors, &c.;, in 'good 'order, and eveni the jiamt of the doors plainly dis-j tinguishable. John Speers, the diver, secured by 'the'company, also made a thorongboTOrhaul, counting the port- holes, examining the iron plates, poopdeck,- and- whole of the hull. Speers, on his return upwards, said he had seen vessels placed on the slip for; cleaning many degrees worse than the City. The engines and machinery, from inspection, appear clean and in firstrrate order. No sand, mud, or drift lies on the deck or round the vessel. Mr.. Maquay had a narrow escape while groping under the biJge jjf the vessel, but he turned up all right at last.' He ' brought up several articles fr<5m' the wreck, that the action of the water on the different materials anight be observed. Mr. Maquay brought a wicker basket up with him wliieh he discovered hanging up in the steward's pantry, and with- the exception of a very ' 'ancient and fish-like smell' about it, pne would never conceive it had been over two years at the bottom of the bay. Mr. Maquay speaks in very high terms of the new diver, John Speers, whose' services for* the future have been engaged by the company. Where the City lies "there is no under-current and no accumulation of sand to impede the lifting of the vessel. All the plant will be ready for delivery shortly, and in four weeks at the outside li'tiug operations will commence under water."—Argus. THE past mouth hasbeen a remarkably quiet one, as far. as our shipping trade is concerned. It will be seen above that the arrivals and departures have been of the most limited number. We are without any London arrivals, and the only vessel from foreign parts has been, the brig Wild Wave, from Valparaiso, with a cargo of wheat. The T.S.N. Co's boats have been regular in their trips, and on the Northern side of the Island they have been well patronised by passengers. The passenger traffic having considerably increased, from a reduction of prices and the impetus given to traffic by the Deloraine and Launceston Railway. IT is the intention of the T.S.N. Company Ao fairly test the suitability of the Seymour coal for marine steam purposes. The bunkers of the Southern Cross have been thoroughly cleared uut, and have been filled with coal from the Seymour Mines. Steam for the voyage from Hobart Town to Melbourne, and return, will be entirely supplied from Seymour coal; and if it is found to be suitable and can be furnished at a moderate cost, the T.S.N. Company will no doubt use the home, in preference to the foreign article. The Southern Cross sailed yesterday (9th September), with this coal for her trip. • IN whaling news the most important intelligence of the month was received yesterday, and will be found in the day's shipping news. On the 28th ultimo news was received from the Emily Downing that she had succeeded in making up her catch to 47 tuns of sperm oiL The Sapphire was reported the same day, with 24 tuns sperm. • Ol> the 21st ultimo the bargp Seymour arrived in port with the captain and crew, and captain's wife, of the brig Royal Exchange, wrecked on the 6th August on a sunken reef oit Swan Island, in a a light breeze. It appears that the reef was not laid down in the chart, nor was there the slightest lire:;!-: o£ sea to show there was a reef there. The lirii; was bound from Lyttekou to Melbourne, with a cat :;o of oats, ai'd neither ship nor cargo were insured.' The vessel belonged to the captain (Captain E. Hill) and his brother-in-law. Fortunately no' lives were lost. IN- our last we noticed that the schoouer Zephyr, had been purchased by Captain Abbott, for whaling purposes. On the 7th iust she came round from Ross's slip, having completed her repairs, and is now lying at the extreme eud of the New Wharf. She has undergone a thorough overhaul, both below and .aloit, and' is now pronounced thoroughly tight and seaworthy. Her casks were put in ber yesterday, and she will proceed to take iu stores aud ship her hands fluring the ensuing week, and will commence her cruise some time in the beginning of next week. Tht Zephyr is a fine wholesome craft, of Danish build, and altogether well suited for whaling purposes. 