OUR NEW YORK LETTER. ball and " sociable-" carnivals; its masquerade and ringing carnivals-when pleasure and enjoyments of every kind that a great and populous dry, most reasonable weather, and abundant caso, can oner and procure-on (he exhilira lion of the times, it is not nossiblt to hope te commence a letter with a first chapter on politics, Looking out on Broadway too, with tho venerable St. Vaol's, exactly oppo- 1 rite, and the good saint himself .-in.his niche, presenting, as in .consonance with the saison, not s bad represen ta! i on of Sonia Clans, thc generous and -blithesome patron of all juvenile' gothomites-politics is Hie Inst subject likely to distract one's thoughts. A Utile to. thc right, also, across the way, " ii the granite-reared Astor House, known to all American travellers, with : its many-stoned stoop and ponderous niHars, thc favourite stand of the numerous thirsty souls that ripple nt the blr in the rotunda, or lunch or dine at the contiguous restau- rant. On tho right is the City Hall. Park, and thc City Hsll itself, where politicians and City fathers moat do con- gregate. From the marble ajepa of the building Kossuth. I surveyed tho assembled militia of New York as they filed past from Park Row to resume their march up Broadway, that beautiful winter's day in 1850 ; and there, too, the youthful Prince of Wales stood bashfully, -on the day .he 1 waa welcomed with such, enthusiasm to thc empire etty of thc American Continent, and where again the boost ' militia turned out to do him honour, and passed bim review. The ^City Hall . Pork has been frc of fireworks for the enjoya r _ __ _ given, when thc clock tower of the Kail took Ore and; wt \- In the same City Hall Park, during the ¡fot city in temporary barracks erected for tho occasion. Here .were the tents of the recruiting parties'with Sheir gay nags and immense'posters, setting forth the :RdvantagcsjOï an -immediate enlistment in thc Excelsiors^ the -KUqwbrth Avengers', the Monitors, the YoungMen'a Christian Afsso- ' dation' Battalion';." thc Irish Brigade, thc .'Lincoln ' Rifles,' thc'New York Chasseurs, the 79th' Highlanders, tho Corcoran Legion, Sleigher Brigade, and a host of other military Organization* with nonwe ie giwret, which were toon lost_ m_con3Ôïida_tion in'thc field. -Here,:too, Seymour, the Governor^ harangued Lia **d¿ir friends'' during the terriblo riots of IS6V, said harangucjprovliig to lo hispoBttaaldymg speech and confession. Here/tdo, a few days later were bi voua deed the :vetornhs of * the Potomac, hurried from the front before lhe"~cuemy to put down Seymour's dear friends at home. All vestiges bf military occupation and military appropria ti un hare passed awny, ned once again the space in front of the Lill ii spprppr!ated,-aa of yore, by the. young apprenticed od the various newspapers and job offices that have a k>cxl habi- tation and a name in Printing House Squaro and itt con- tiguous streets. This ia the after-dinner playground of those Vounjg''mechanics, and th* briefneu of the time allotted, to.them js,made up by the cení with which thev enter upon-thefr amusement.^ After them \hs ¡fa¡nh\i x>V jhot qrarter t?kc possession of thc grouna, and in their games'mingle nbd".jostle, and, in this - slippery frosty weather, not infrequently trip -up a veteran lawyer hurrying to one or other of tho numerous i impossible to begin, with politics, imo uigrusioti uss had-no reference to that topic. It wa « tho scene from my window that engaged my thoughts and directed my pen to writo of the past when I detired tb ' confine myself to the present. The spsce ben?ath i thedly. But now when all New York i_JWrf_ the splendid sleighing carnival the street is crowded wi vehicles of every description on runners, while the L.. resounds with the merry tinkling of the numerous musical bells lhat aro attached to the mirries! ot hones. The ! indeed a joyous and a exhDirating om \- forget that life had any troubles, c and the general advantage taken by all who can afford the time to profit by it. The central pork nonda, or rinks as they are called, are tho most frequented, ss affording thc largest space for the skater» to enjoy themselves, sud as they ero freo to ail. Besides the park ponds, there are numerous private ponds in New York, Brooklyn, Willbms burg, Jersey City, and Hoboken, the proprietors of which charge a small sum for admission, ana where skates ara to be had for hire. These ponds aro lighted up by numerous lampe during tho long, evenings, so that those employed during thc day can enjoy themselves in their favourite exercise with as much zest as those who skate by daylight! Indeed, on additional enjoyment is provided for tho night skaters, for bonds of mtuie are in attendance, lending the attraction of fine musió to the other pleasures of the occa- sion. _ -A étranger would not detect in the present aspect of the city any signs of that depression in business from which so many thousands aro now Buffering ; and if, in addition to mere personal' observation, he was to the revelries which are indulged in by all classes af society, he would hardly bolievo that such a thing as want prevailed anywhere, or to any extent, in our midst. Operas ?nd theatres, and balla, and rnasqnerodes, sociable and surprise parties ore all patronised and enjoyed to an extent sever before reached. Such is' New York to-day in all its outward guises. But beneath this there is another phase to New York life, which ' presents want and s affermi? as it* ccBecrnltanta, and for which there is so fmrnedbto remedy apparent: The depression of business in the -largo cities, and the conséquent suffering to thousands and thousands-of .tho people, no way affects tho progress of the mst erial wealth and Prosperity.. Bren ia- thtf ritíes .buaineae is improving, ind !businees men congratulate themselves that toe criais is psst, and that with the spring there will.como a revival of trade in all branches. Much of, tho destitution prevalent In New 'Tork'arises, from'-the. fact, that lt' ia, to Ita "port the great. and 'ever' Increasing any - time,'-' and- - tho - newly-arri ved -immigrants ' lom make a start to tho co on try districts until compelled s cruel wt^tydo-ao?p^TheTanalsrin tho interior of ;the. Ie are. during -the, winter, all frozen ? and all inland them copped, and much of tho supplies thai the Dinptcr of the Bspesu of .Statistics fwinsnea in fonastíónrtbat for the year I860, snd the subséquent years fô 18^, being, íñcomplettv the nambarpf nnm&ante; to'this country waa 1^49,000^ and that' dnrmg fha samo eight Bacal yean the numbai of pn Meager*, tut hnniigranta,'waa 251,2». VotwH&atsndag; thVlnffax of hboar,- ompfcy njent Is to be fond'; wages for erery'sind of -labour still ranga nr.* hfghC -: I nortel am »ot too dssaltory fa this ourrespondenoe"; f esris» » I sm so, hoverer, I nouas. the border and betakó myself atronca.to the capital oft thaw :partly mitad and psfrtly unrecocatructed States of North America. Tba 'cuestiona I find agitating, tba pnbUo mind here first bx ] interest, at of latest dale, ii the GiuoM^too.*Johnsoo, rabroglio. This fa ah Amp ri can war. of mtrodurisg jt In ; other words, th« difrkultyeii*ting between the two "Ibre moat men" of thia-no..of thoae- Uoiled.rHates, President Johnson, the Coinmander-in-Chief ol the Amy sad Navy. - of the United States, and General Grant, ? General'' of alt Ibe land forces of the same. Thc raptare between these notables is a serious one, sud involves important issues ia the future. It arose from the dismissal of Secretary Stanton, Secretary of War, dorins; the lato adjournment bf pleasure. Disagreement in the policy of the Executive was st all times a sufficient cause of fli<w«**l or resignation. For instance, Attorney-General. Speed, a Badieal, the law ad- viser of the President, dissented from his superior's viow on the question of reconstruction, and he resigned- j Secretary Stanton alio opposed thc President's.policy on j that question, but he would not -rosiga ; and there was nothing^left for the President but to dismiss, bim, which he did, and appointed General Grant to feign* in his atoad admterm. Congress, foreseeing such a conUagebcy, had at a previous session passed a Tenure of Omca - Bul, by vbich the President could not dismiss a' member 'of his Cabinet,' and select another for the vacancy without the | Senate confirming both acts; There was a question as to ¡ thc power of dismissal, thc President concluding that the ¡ old Act giving him thc power to dismiss had not been re- i pealed by the Tenure of O ince BUL However, he dismissed . Staunton, butdidnot in the usual ruanntrappointaiueeessor, '. Grant holding the office merely «4 interim on accepting the. ' office, Giant coincidedwjth the President's views as to his power of dismissal, and it would' appear that he promiied to retaba the office until the ooùwitùtioûiility of -the new law bsd beea-testcd, or, changingliis views:on the Inw, that be would.'retum the keys of omeo"1 tooths -Preaw ! dent in time for him te fill the vacancy before Congress I .could take finab action- in thc matter. Grant, it is now I charged^ broke ipi th with the PretadenL. Gra&£td change ' his opinion with rejtard to tba meaning and scope ;of thc sew bill,- but he-did-not then and there ask to bo" relieved of 1 .the office, though he . recommended the appointment of I 'GeneraT-.Coz thereto-the Pnvideñt relying, on Grant's pr*'rrdio to retara tiekeys of offlcc only to'himself. But the Senate waa peremptory in its action on the premises, aad'ot on&passed; a vote of 'censure on'fllr/ Johnson' sod reinstated Stinton. Grant, informed of thia, locks the private toniest of thc secretory : ia' the TTar Department i buildings, pnts.the key in bis pocket, . and retires to his quartera..* He docs not go to thc Executive Mansion for inatructiobj in the emergency, or to- return ' tho i tey, before any demand therefor -was mode upon him, bf.; Stanton.. Tho letter without delay proceeds ! to the wit} Department, finds the' door of- his ornee locked, j despatches a' message to Grant' informing him of his (Stantoa'ajthenpcimon. Grant immediately c< '- " uutsllslirnmserf in his o Bl ce and there thc_._ between - the President and this ' Cabinet Minister (Stanton) rests-no communication of' .any ? kind passing bat»-cen them' since that timé. ? A long correspondence, hos. however, taken placo between Grant abd fhV President, on the merits 'of which-as to whoso version of convcrsitions held between the contending" parties is the-correct one-public opinion is divided. .Grant has aspirations after the Presidency, and n few months ago I it was accepted as a foregone conclusion that he would bo 1-* occupant of tho White House. Bot a very diffe a democratic'nosniaation waa out of the question.' At that I time too, the whole republican party and tie fighting dirac-..I rruey looked upon him as thc country's', choice under the republican standard. Another question attracting mr^ "attention ia 'thePênian . movement'. Some bf the Fenians caji tared in Englaadjnnd heleno* claim tho protection of tho .United. Staten because of then- having, become .naturalized citizens, "either by residence, er asnavrng served in the Union Army during the rebellion, which 'service, by Act of Congress, gave the right of citizenship. Some bf the members ' In Congress, . claim of those Írish-Amcricán-Fenians to thc protectio the Gorirnment. Indeed, to soma extent, it was a eui that members, having no-love for thc Fenians, had __ , and an attraction, and the question took acrider ¡ all ita citizens, nn ti ve or adopted, that may be under the United States have a population of 35.000,000. The free I population in 1790 numbered 3,250,000 ; with' an annual I increase of births' over deaths estimated at 1-38-300 per | «nt, they could now nnmber 9.250.000. Ai" ' ' " emancipated people, and the existing would be 13,200,000. of this country, 21,000,000 are emigrants and their defceñd Of thia portion of our people more than twenty mil themselves or their adopted country.in. the ovent of:v" with Europe, if restrained bv crime and free of all offence, tlicyarein consequence of this '.claim of service debarred ot miers, industry, commerce, letters, science, invention, courage, enterprise, wealth, prosperity and power, but ;lt.is not independent. Its dreams of equality are delusions; and il» sacrifices have been invalid. Every State in Kurope will Lave its garrisons, if these claims nie admitted -rn- - every-part of thc Union. The able-bodied 'portion ot three-fifths of ¡our popuUtion could be summoned to fight for Goyerumento with which they bava no connection and against those with which their fortunes ore indtsolnbly united ; and they would be accounted traitors if found in thc ranks of its annies. "Wc have received education, employed, enriched, enfranchised that portion of the people of Europe which ila miers cast off to und them in their strength incapable of lawful resistance to public enemies. They would be exposed tu arrest and compulsory military service, or punishment, not only if found in their native country, but many civil- ised nation wüh which their- native Governments might bave treaties of extradition. Martin Kozta was a native of Hungary, residing in Turkey with the consent of its Government. His" surrender was demanded by Austria anderea fnterpretatioa of tres tics rejected by Turkey; and would have been surrendered and imprisoned but for the . forcible intervention of thc Government of the United 'States. The mrrmjte association of those who ( are claimed as'subjects of foreign Governments ia auch os to "put in peril tho rights' of peace of alL j Its' injustice of this principle Governments more in the light of i__ spirit of feudal philosophy. Thc eolutiou bf this' i__ portant international problem belongs to the men who have capacity to divine the right in law and tho courage-, to airert its power. That such men ar» to be found among, those who occupy the proud eminence of Boyal or popular favour cannot be douoteM. There is one quarter of the world in which we look- with hope. Those who have evoked from tho labyrinths of German politics, which ' have been ' to BII students of history in one sense n mystery end in another a puzzle-who from: the clements of anarchy have in on matant and! by a ward called into bemg a now creation already- recog- . afeod «s a perta*cent empire, and which promises at a day not 'distant to unite ia race long divided and ts cement a Power in Central Europe long needed that may number eixfy millions of- people ; to those - to - whose genius and success is duo tho North German Union wc have a right to turn for the justice wê demand. In the foundation of a new power sha has wùwlysu omitted her Elnna to tho approval of the people. ' She has made petty i! cresta that formed petty governments subservient td prent principles that are only bases of great nations, i She'; bas united the people who speak the sanie language and ?' who reverence the same historic page/ She seeks 'io hold ' them together by cense*t, not by force. Tho Constitution of 1867 .ia redolent, of the future. The republic if tb* Kew World- might adopt .with profit many of its-wise and just provisions! She koowa how. important emigration/is I to civilisation and toliberty.. She felt m the great struggle which teimhMted. ar Sotowa'the' i^cdeas advantage of 1 Germanic émigration' 'to the North, which' gave tb luir' a friend and éto-alr^favRttsafak- She- counts not *' two mfllfen nativo born children M tba repuHIa _ in'the United Státea^and of their descendants nearly sir millions more. ? She i will, understand taw dearly' they- ' chiriah the gloriou-memories pf the Fatherland.. She'oan j comprehend the sdventagea'of an.âlTy'.ahd .friend, in: thar' Nev World 'annal in spirit and' strength to 'that which J supports her. ut: the ¿ld.' .Tho cortceasun wa ask is.sot.1 worth to hcr.tb*--peithrnent upon .which it' ia-written. Her' conventional'and ïr^eá,tía»", closely approach ? it.: Tb» I legislation, of soma of'the ïêAer Gorman «titea as linter- i preted by their rulers requires but the ííeflaition of a singled -word to secure' to American* aH they,oak of Germanyi But whs tover may ba her deefeien or that of. other 8 tates, th* point we make mustbo cx>s>sded.- That the rüjbtajr». claim: can v----J . .v.. -» issue wÜll unsettled,] Th» i»mmirtee JQ¿- Vsraiga. Á&I;»: have, entered i th» consideration rf.th»OTrostibo. only by th* direct ô»v~. ; of tho House;. . It'bkaracetved. tho. considerate- attention .whichiti great.tolpojbincedesasida;aaa the leak» cf? toi parent than that legislationctoasi^^ a reeoady for the evils of, which tba country coznulaima. Local legis- lation is aa powerless to affect the reforms we desire'ss it ts , result. It also proposes Jhatwn't^all the resource* of the Gomnmf^ »hall havb failed Ù jùfë&bi;à «'recognition' by other Governments 'hf th« prlntides bf public, jukttce so . long tnaintainM-by this, G ovenim antin regard to the right« of naturalised citizens, fha President shall bo mveated with the samo authority within our jurisdiction as to subjects of other Governments that foreign . States enforce upon American citizens within then- Jurisdiction» Zn caso of collision, reprisal, or war, a State is justified ia detailing a foreigner »garnet his wfll (Von Mart ear's Lav of Nations, 87.) But it is not anticipated that asarh proceed- ings will be required. It cannot be that in this agc; when alf the political trudi ti ens of thc middle ages are btmbUng, ' that Europo wQI st this day mah to extremities to sustain a claim repudiated by every authority" of law, bhnaanity, experience, rivfliaarion and justice. - The following is the bill submitted by Kr. Banka : "A BILL COKCHLKDiO THE BXOHTS OP AJCX2ICAK CTII " Section 1. Be it enacted; ¿e., That.efl naturalised, citizens of the United States while izr'f oreiea States shall ba entitled to and shall receive" from this Government the asme protection of person and piopeity. that Ia accorded .to native born citizens in bice situation and circumstances : and the President ia empowered to employ all the resources of the Government in just efforts to secure the recognition by other Governments of the principles of public law which have been insisted upon ana majnmrnea by the Govern- ' mont of the-United Statesm regard to':fhe- rights of natu- ralised citizens : Provided always that no ertixen of the United States, who is guilty of crimo against the laws of any' foreign State committed within its jurisdiction,'' or of desertion' from actual service hv the army or navy of such State, or who shall have acquired naturalisation by rniirepresentation. or fraud In regardt ¿to. residence or otherwise, or ".who, by treason oe other crime against the United States shill have forfeited er who , »hall have renounced bis rights as a citizens;, or who' shall . establish a continuous residence beyond tho limits of fha United States for a. term exceeding five years, shaH 'bc en- titled.to the protection'contemplated , try this Act.; " Section 2. And bc it further enacted, That whenever it shall be duly made known' to the President that' any naturalised citizen of the United States 'has been' arrested and detained by any foreign Government-in contravention of tho intent and purpose of this Act upon'the allegation that naturalisation in the United States does not operate to dissobre his allegiance to his native - sovereign, or if any j citizen shall have been so arrested and detained whose re !' leaso upon demand shall have been unreasonably delayed 1 or refused, the President shall be and hereby is empowered to order the arrest and to detain in custody any subject or citizen of such foreign Government who may bo found within the jurisdiction «f the United States ; and the Presi- dent shall, without unreasonable delay, give information to Congress of any such proceedings under this Act. .*'Beêtfèn:8. And be it further enacted, That if any naturaliaed citiaen of the United States shall return to his , country with intent, to tésame his domicile therein, or if any citizen shall leave the United States with tho intention of: permanent residence in any foreign State, or shall en- . gage, as an army or navy belligerent In any-foreign war or service, such citizen shall not bo, entitled to the lntcrpoet-.' tion of the Government in his behalf under the provisions of fhisAet. . .. "Section 4. And be It further enacted. That the term .domicile' in-the preceding section-shall be construed :to mean a continuous residence bf mora than one year in the native country of the naturalised citizen, or establishing himself In any business which' denotes, an intention to re sumo a permanent residence." slr. td word Thornton, tho new British'* Minister at Washington, has been received by tho President. Minister Adamabas -resigned 'his post at the Court of St. Jamea'a.. The President. will nominate aa .bia successor General .G. B.'McClellan, of Potomac Anny fame.-Dickens ia still here attracting immense numbers to his readings. . He is at present in Washington. He, a few days since, forwarded 1CÛ0 dollars to the mother-in-W of Edgar A. Poe, best known by, his weird-like poem of the "'Raven."-Oar ' desire for the acquisition of new territory is growing with .what it feeds upon. The treaty for . the sale of the West India Islands baa: been ratified by the Danish ' Badzlg. The Hsytians gave us the Bay of Semana, and . now the King of the .Feejees enters into a negotiation, of .which thc following extract will give youan idea:- ; 1> IP LO KA CT BIHTLtTIED.-KBW AND NOVEL TKBATT ' ? WITH THE xrxo or Tits rur IBLATOS. ' The-new treaty, between the Fiji Islands and the United States has just been received at the Department of State., lt is rather select in-paint of stipulation and eccentric m form, consisting simply of on immense tooth \- of a whale, nicely variegated in colour, at the ends of which is attached a strongly twisted grass cord, , which .serves as a handle, or as bmding tho treaty. The naval agent who delivered tho -tooth was instructed to say to ' thc President that it was a bta.ij by which the King of the Fijls-mortgaged his islands to tho United States for the payment of the matalments or indemnity. due to tho. United ? States, to continue - for . three years, the President, cm his part, to agree to prevent the rival Fiji King from b-vying war against the legitimate. sovereign during the continúan co of the mortgage. On being asked how the treaty was tobe ratified and exchanged, the agent said his instructions were that If tho Preatdent accepts the tooth, then tho treaty is established. If ho' declines the treaty, he is to return the tooth to tba King of the Fiji Islands. . - . Thc treaty, or tooth, was wrapped. in.a rude cloth, mada \- from the biner bark of a tree, without spüihingror weaving. It is not known whether this smt^dar tredty>wJHbe'aenVto tho Senate for retificatien. - Some' years: nco - three seamen'- deserteHdroin a United States vestal and took shelter inth^FfliVIalands. An. ' officer .-ara* sent.m search: of them, and.appealed to the authorities there to .assist in their, capture. 'After much prevarication the King admitted that the deserters had been en!tn by his people. A demand was at that lime made for indemnity, when the sovereign agreed to give a stipulated sum. One-of the instalments was paid.(perhaps twenty . years ago), and the object of tho present treaty ot tooth arrangement xs forwarded by the hiing os aa evidence of good faith, and to show that be hos not forgotten his pecuniary obligations. 