GENERAL MEWS. i . THE PANAMA MAIL. | By the arrival of the Otago on Tuesday we received Hokitika files to May 27. The West Coast Times of that date contains ,the following telegraphic new/3, viA Panama, giving intelligence from Europe ttf April 8 by submarine tele graph,, and from lie United States to April 9 . . f WBLtiNdTON', MAT 26, 2 P.M. . The Roahine, Captain Bekle, - left Panama 24<ti nit., andarrivedat Wellington at half, past twelve p.m. to-day. Slie had fine weather during the voyage; - . ? NewjVork and San Fjrancisco steamers had mot airived, ,. ^ Homeward mails arrived at Panama on the 29th .March. . The Tyne, with European mails, arrived at Colon on the 21stult. Passengers.-Melbourne-Dr. Hasting and son, Smith, Westgate. Auckland--T, H. Hall, Sir G. Arney, Rev. -Smales. Welling ton-D. Parker, .R. Taylor. Nelson-A M. Wax., Canterbuiy-Mr., Mrs., and irfiaa Stele.. Greymouth-Blackmore. , LONDON, APRIL 2. The Queen was at Buckingham Palace, in good health. . Intense excitement prevailed in London on the Irish Church question. The debate on Gladstone's three resolutions relative to the Irish Chu rch commenced on the 30th March, and produced the greatest conflict of the Par liamentaiy session. The question of the dis establishment of the Irish Church is con sidered settled. A bill to enable the Government to acquire, work, and maintain the telegraphs has been read a first time. Victor Emmanuel is seriously ill at Turin, and in the hands of Italian Sangrados. He has had serious apoplectic fits. The Pope has been attacked with bowel complaint, which is considered dangerous on account of his great age. Apparent tranquility prevails through the districts of Charleroi, in Belgium, on strike under (?). Agitation continues. An indict ment against the rioters has been prepared. At the sitting of the Danish Riesrag, on j Slst March, a prospect of direct telegraphic | communication with Russia was favourably i spoken of. j No change in New Zealand securities. Con sols, 93 to 93jj delivery, 93J account. j The impeachment trial of President John-' son still goes on. Examination of witnesses j commenced on the 31st. General Butler* made a long speech, exciting little sympathy. , Steps are being taken to open a'telegraph line from Cuba to Jamaica and Aspinwall, to be completed in six months. A new indictment has been found against Davis. ? A treaty with the North German Confede ration was taken up and passed in Executive ' = session by the Senate on the 26th by twenty nine votes against eight. The treaty provides : for free immigration, and that naturalisation' changes nationality. . A bill abolishing flogging in the army has passed the House of Commons. Serious disturbances have taken place at Toulouse and Grenoble, caused by the en forcement of the new Army Act Large bodies ; of men marched through the streets, singing . I the " Marseillaise" and shouting "Vive la Re publique! A bas I'iim^ire." Troops tried to , ; clear them and were repulsed.' Anti-Prussian riots have taken place in ? ; Bavaria. The Italian Government have sent a ship of war to Japan waters to proteot Italian trade. The Spanish Cortes passed a bill granting in demnity to Great Britain for the seizure of the vessel Queen Victoria. APBIL 4. The annual race between Oxford and Cam bridge University crews took place to- day. The race was closely contested, but in the last mile Oxford gradually forged ahead of their com petitors, and passed the goal three lengths ahead. The Royal steam yacht of the Prince of Wales was present, containing the Prinoe and Princess. The four miles was accom plished by the victorious Oxfords in twenty minutes. The Grand Jury has brought in bills of in dictment against all the prisoners, except O'Neil, who were charged with complicity with the Clerkenwell outrage. The trials will commence next week. The Hierarchy will soon present a petition to the Queen in person against any change in the position of the revenues of the Established: Church in Ireland. Deeds of violence against persons and pro perty are of daily Occurrence in Cork. The Right Hon. justice Fitzgerald, Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland, is said to be about to resign officp. APBIL 8. This morning the debate ended On Lord Stanley's /amendment to postpone the con-' sideration of Mr. Gladstone's resolutions till next Parliament. Six hundred members voted.. : j The Government was defeated by.sixty. . The majority when announced "was greeted by thewild cheeri'ef the Liber&s.; A meeting of theCtfbinet has been held to consider what action should be taken in view1 of the vote of Friday night on; Mr. Glad-; stone's resolutions. . ,, ; The Ministers decided to resign, in" easel the Opposition should retain a large majority! after the iwessof Parliament. - ^ ? The defeat forms the chief topic of con-l versation. .. .; ; .» ~u <. j The Times sfiys, the Commons have .re-; solved that this caiiceroi ^he empire shrill be removed, and' fee rejection ' of Lord! Stanley's amendment to postpone the con sideration of the question'until-next Parlia-: ment, and the adoption of -Mr. Gladstone's 'resolutions to' go into committed are merely; the ' first isfegs of the 1 opemtiqti. Tha national' will is boon to be expressed, and it will be no xincertata. soimd. It will insist that; the, wpfk so htepilj, peg^n'shall be Nc/£^latid| *piW take feolajadence Vbte» that'' sha is sustained by a^WfcWlah^bfbpmion bf&d; 'United' Kingdom.L oft^ fire'td bo epded, and right done, amid the acclama tion of the nation.. This nmdt guarantee peace." The Morning jPost aajrsThia vote is the death . w&iraut;, pf the. Jrish phurch. Ifo fairer trophy' has reeii won by the L foe rat parfcysinfce roe Eiriandpatton Act 6f 1829.M - The Standard saysThe effect of this Tote .will be to waste the session without ad vancing the object proposed One single step." 