TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENT.) ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL, VIA SUEZ, PER THE P. & 0\. CO/3 STEAMER BOMBAY. NEWS TO DECEMBER 15. The ASN. Company's steamer Alexandra arrived at Glenelg on Saturday afternoon, with the mails from England, per the R.M.S.S. Bombay, after a passage of 99 hours from King George's Sound. The Geelong arrived at the Sound on the 4th and left on the 5th. The Bombay left Galle on December 26th, had very heavy weather, and arrived at the Sound on the 7th ; would leave next evening for Melbourne. The following are the names of the passengers to Sydney General Darvall and Miss Darvall, Captain Godseu, Messrs. Scott (2), Western, Burt, Nichol, Henry, and Wauchope. The Bombay brings news of a change in the mail service, which is in future to be despatched at intervals of four weeks, giving thirteen mails yearly. The next mail will leave Sydney on February 2. GENERAL SUMMARY. London, November 20. Her Majesty the Queen is at Windsor, and in good health. The Prince and Princess of Wales are staying at Sandring , ham. The Princess has so far recovered as to be able to walk. VUE venture 1min LlncuLetievl be, time every English town, if the convicts sentenced to death are executed. The throat has caused great alarm, and applications for reprieves have been made to the Queen. Her Majesty referred the applications to her Ministers, who refused to interfere, and 2000 special constables have been sworn in, to guard the scaffold. Trustworthy information of Dr. Livingstone's safety has b been received. Major Blackall, late Governor in Western Africa, has been appointed Governor of Queensland. Food riots have occurred in the West of England. The new mail contract has been granted for twelve years. A large Conservative banquet has come off in Bristol. Mr. Tom Hughes has seceded from the Reform League. The Government have refused to repeal the Party Processions Act. The Danish journals contradict the report of the death of Countess Banner. The Bishop of New Zealand has been offered the Bishopric of Lichfield, and has refused it. Charles Dickens has been very well received in America. The Fenian General, Burke, has been arrested. Dr. Goldwin Smith has announced his intention of emigrating to the United States. The Marquis of Hastings has sold his racing stud. The Fenian General, Halpin, has been sentenced to fifteen years' imprisonment. A banquet has been given to Mr. Disraeli, at which 1500 persons were present. A great colliery explosion, resulting in the death of 170 persons, has occurred in Glamorganshire. A serious riot has taken place in the Ritualistic Church at Lambeth. A large and influentially signed petition has been presented to the House of Lords, against the unscriptural doctrines preached by the Bishop of Salisbury. At the opening of the French Chambers the Emperor said that France would not interfere in German affairs unless French interests were affected. He denied that any hostility to Italy was entertained by his Government, but said that France would cause the convention of September to be respected, pending a conference of the Imperial powers. The Chinese rebels have repulsed the Imperial troops with heavy loss. The Imperial Government intend to ask for foreign aid to suppress the rebellion. The powder magazine at Hankow has exploded, killing several hundred Chinese. The news received respecting the Abyssinian expedition is of a favorable character. The health of the troops is excellent, and they are making a good road by Gorral, where they intend to pass the mid- winter. Mr. Disraeli, at the Lord Mayor's dinner, expressed his belief that the peace of Europe would not be disturbed. Lord Stanley regards the assembling of the Congress to consider the Roman question, altogether useless. Lord Lyons has been well received by the Emperor Napoleon. The Paris Exhibition closed on the 3rd of November. Italy denounces the prolonged occupation of Rome by French troops and declares that the convention of September has been violated. Garibaldi complains of being severely treated by the Government. The Roman revolutionary committee have issued a manifesto, inviting another rising. Vesuvius is in eruption. The King of Hanover private property has been vested in the Crown Prince of Prussia. All the Continental Powers, with the exception of Prussia, have consented to Napoleon's proposal to hold a Conference. The proclamation issued by the Turkish Government declares the Cretan amnesty to be at an end. Omar Pasha has returned to Constantinople. The Queen of Spain has granted an amnesty to political offenders. It is reported that General M'Clellan has been offered the Secretaryship of War by President Johnson. The Republicans have carried all the elections in Arkansas. A sweeping disfranchisement of the rebels is proposed. A judge has been arrested in Virginia for denying justice to Union men. The President has refused to give the Senate any reasons for the removal by him of Secretary Stanton. The Mexicans have delivered the body of Maximilian to the Austrian Admiral Tegethoff, and released several other prisoners. The trial of Jefferson Davis commenced on the 5th of November. Obituary. Lord "Wriothesley, Marshal O'Donnell, Countess Flahault. LATEST INTELLIGENCE. London, December 15. The Duke of Montrose has explained, in the House of Lords, the terms of the new Indian postal contract. He said that the Brindisi fronts would uni- here admitted. the railway communication being incomplete. The steamers would call at Messina and in that way a day would be saved. The postage would be increased threepence per half-ounce. The Judicial Committee, appointed by the American Congress, favors the im- peachment of President Johnson. Parliament has voted two millions for the expedition to Abyssinia, and raised the income tax one penny. Parliament has confirmed the new mail contract. The holding of the proposed conference on the Roman question is considered doubtful. A Mazzinian conspiracy has been discovered in Italy. M. Renner has declared in the French Chambers that Italy should never possess Rome. ' In reply, M. Jules Favre made a vigorous attack on the Government, The Italian Parliament has opened. The Government declared that the Roman question cannot be settled by violence. The American Congress have repealed the tax on cotton. Garibaldi is ill at Caprera. The French troops are leaving Rome. Three of the Fenians convicted at Manchester have been executed, one pardoned, and one reprieved. The action of the Government in the matter is generally approved of. Mr-. Bright has been elected for Manchester. The Government have resolved to take the management of the telegraph system throughout the country. The determination gives general satisfaction. COMMERCIaL. The discount market is well supplied, and money advancing in value. The Bank of England reserve is still excessive. Confidence is considerably restored, and the funds show but little fluctuation. Colonial securities have advanced in price. New South Wales debentures are quoted at 97 to 100. Queensland, from 103 to lOdA. New Zealand, from 1927 to IOS. South Australia, from 1907 to 1913 2. The liquidation of the affairs of the Bank of Queensland is proceeding satisfactorily. The increase in exports to P. Queensland for the month amount to £21,000. LATEST NEWS. The wool market is improving. Tallow is 6d. to 1s. higher. rates of discount remain unaltered. Consols are quoted at 100 to 9-13. WOOL, The fourth series of the colonial wool sales commenced on the 14th November ; 86,000 bales were catalogued, and there was a fair attendance of buyers. Prices ruled 2d. below those quoted at September sales. The decline is attributed to the bad state of trade, and the immense increase in the production of wool. PRODUCE MARKETS. Australian hides in good demand. Quotations for bark remain unaltered. Tallow is in good demand, from £42 10s. to £44. Prices of leather rule higher. Wheat' is extremely quiet and in little demand, but holders show no disposition to give way. Flour is dull of sale. Cocoa-nut oil is quoted at £42, and linseed at £35. Copper is in small demand, except Chilian ores. Australian is quoted at from £81 to 333 per ton, and Chilian at £69. Sugars are in good demand ; the month's exports show a large increase. SHIPPING. \ Sailed. For Brisbane than Alpine and Artemesia. Three vessels were loading for Queensland. TOOWOOMBA. January 13. This district was visited on Friday night by a heavy hailstorm, accompanied by thunder and lightning. A good deal of damage was done to fruit trees, &c.; On Saturday, a severe hailstorm passed over Highfields, doing a great deal of mischief and uprooting large trees, with the branches of which the road was grown to such an extent as to be nearly impassable. The storm was also felt in town, and lasted for five hours. The rains are general all over the district, and the creeks are running bank and bank. The grass is springing up rapidly, and already the appearance of the country is quite changed. Since the rain the exodus to the gold-fields is greater than ever. This morning the thermometer registered only 38 degrees. SYDNEY. January 13. The City Bank has declared a dividend of 8 per cent. A heavy hailstorm fell yesterday, the heat previous had been very great. The Assembly are debating the adjournment of the House, to prevent a gagging motion being debated. The Speaker is unwell. Captain Phillips, of the John Duthie, and formerly of the Young Australia, died at sea, on Friday. Prince Alfred's horses have landed here. Arrived: City of Brisbane. Sailed : Lady Bowen. MBIiBOUItNJfi. January 18. The Bombay left the Heads to-day, at noon, on route for Sydney. OF, it English telegraphic news states that Major Blackall is to be the next Governor of this colony. On reference to the "Colonial Office List" we obtain the following particulars respecting this gentleman ¡-" Samuel Wensley Blackall, formerly in the 85th Light Infantry, and late Major in the Longford Militia.' Represented the County of Longford in Parliament from 1847 to 1851 was Lieutenant Governor of Dominica from 1851 to 1857 ; appointed Governor of Sierra Leone, 1862 ; and Governor-General of West African Settle- ment, 1865." The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council was held yesterday at the Town Hall. A letter was read from Alderman Martin, intimating his intention of resigning the representation of the Valley Ward at the end of the present Municipal year. The half yearly statement of accounts was laid upon the table, and will be published in our advertising columns in a few days. It appears that the receipts for the last half-year amounted to £5250 9s. 8d., and the expenditure to £629 14s. Id., leaving an excess of expenditure over income of £1015 -Is. 6d. The Town Clerk stated that the rate account of the municipality had never been in a more healthy state than at present since he had been in office. A report was brought up by the Improvement Committee, recommending certain alterations in the large room of the Town Hall, with the view of improving its ventilation. Tenders will be called for the performance of the work immediately. The Prince Alfred Reception Committee, appointed by the Council, brought up a report. They recommended the Government to abandon their present intention of landing the Prince in the Botanical Gardens, and to permit the disembarkation to take place at the northern end of Queen-street, alongside the Kangaroo Point ferry stops for if that arrangement were carried out it was presumed that the principal street of the city would be decorated in a becoming manner by the residents, and would present a very pleasing appearance. The Committee also recommended that the Town Hall should be decorated with suitable flags and devices, and on the night of the Duke's arrival the front of the Hall should be illuminated. They also advised that on a day to be named hereafter the Corporation should invite H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh to meet the inhabitants at a public banquet to be held in the Town Hall. The annual tea meeting of the members of the South Brisbane Congregational Church will be held this evening. Messrs. Fbaseh at Bitcklajvd have sent us for inspection some specimens of quartz which, they inform us are fair average samples of the stone now being raised from the Smith- field Reef, at Gympie. The stone is Tory as vigorous, and as the reef is 4 feet wide, at a depth of 12 feet, it should pay handsomely for working. We hope to hear before long that a crushing machine is on the, ground, when we have little doubt but the returns will be such as to attract several, without much delay. Then Gympie will have a fair chance to go ahead and prosper. The members of the Fire Brigade were drilled in the Town Hall last evening, in the large room, by Mr. Watts. They were put through their ordinary drill, and afterwards were joined by a number of persons present, and the whole, numbering about forty were marched up and down the room several times at " the double," with a view to testing the stability of the building. The result was quite satisfactory, their movements producing perceptible vibration in the floor. On Thursday evening next the Fire Brigade will muster again, and, with the Volunteer Rifles, will go through a series of evolutions calculated to thoroughly test the stability of the building. When they have done we suppose the alarmists will be forced to admit that it is perfectly ball proof. An amateur performance will be given at the Victoria Theatre, on Monday next, under the patronage and in the presence of His Excellency the Acting-Governor and Mrs. O'Connell, in aid of the Volunteer movement. The programme will consist of the farce " The April Fool," and the burlesque Lord Level." As the amateurs have taken considerable pains in getting up their pieces there is little doubt that the entertainment will prove successful. Tunnr. was a very fair house at the Victoria I last evening, when the performance consisted of the drama, "Luke the Laborer," and the burlesque " La Sonnambula." The first piece went off rather heavily. It had been cut down a good deal, and the plot was consequently rather wrapped in mystery. Mr. Holloway, as Luke, and Mr. Douglas, as Phillip, played very well, and Miss Burford also acquitted herself creditably. The burlesque, as usual, was very amus- ing. The programme for this evening consists of the drama and the burlesque " Babes in the Wood" It affords us pleasure to report that the cotton planted in this district is looking remarkably well. At the Gap, at Bulimba, on the banks of the Brisbane, and elsewhere, we have seen fields of plants from two to five feet in height looking healthy and strong, and covered with flowers and bells. The long drought made a few plants succumb on the higher and poorer hills, and where the soil was not deeply worked ; but the blanks have been filled up, and the plants now look far better than could reasonably be expected, considering the weather they have passed through. Since the rain commenced the growth has been very rapid, so much so that some growers have commenced to " top" their plants to prevent them making too much wood. JTnosr Mr. Veitch, of Bulimba, we have received what proves, on comparison with the imported article, to be an extra fine sample of canary seed. Mr. Veitch has grown this seed without extra trouble, and we have the advice of competent authority as stating that an open market exists here for a considerable quantity which ought to pay the grower. The canary seed before us is bright, plump, and heavy. During its growth it was treated in every respect as an annual plant precisely similar to barley. Eatoee a remarkable case of snake bite has been reported to us by Mr. Hoghton, of this town. It appears that on Friday last a son of Mr. Houghton's who was on a visit with Mr. Joseph Williams, of Cooper's Plains, was amusing himself in a paddock near the house and was bitten in the leg by a large Olacit aunt Jim and Em mediately ran to the house for assistance, and Mr. Williams, who, fortunately, happened to be at home, at once commenced to scarify and suck the wound, and continued sucking it for nearly an hour, at the same time promoting the flow of blood by fomentation with warm water. He also administered small quantities of brandy at intervals. Mr. Williams then applied a lotion of rather an extraordinary kind, but one in which he has great faith namely, a large centipede steeped in spirits. About two o'clock next morning the child had recovered entirely from the effects of the late. The promptitude displayed by Mr. Williams is very deserving of commendation, and the persistent sucking of the wound, with the moderate doses of spirit given would probably be sufficient to prevent evil effects resulting from the bite. The centipede lotion puzzles us a good deal, for though it is generally known that certain poisons will counteract certain other poisons, it is believed that they must be derived from wholly opposite sources, as for instance, a vegetable poison counteracting a mineral poison, and vice versa, but we do not remember hearing of any instance except the foregoing in which animal poison has been used as an antidote to animal poison. Perhaps some of our readers will kindly endeavor to explain the philosophy of the thing. Meat PRESERVING. The Queenslander says : " There has been want of neither skill nor enterprise the part of those who believe that meat can be exported from this country with profit to the exporter, and the producer as a matter of course. But the exporters have had, and still have an up-hill task before them. The difficulty lies not so much in the preparation of the meat, or in its conveyance to market, as in overcoming the prejudice which does exist against everything colonial. We need scarcely wonder at English prejudice against meat (for instance) presented to them in a form they never saw before, for have they not the example (sup- posing they take it of colonial "nobs," who to a man turn, or did until very recently, turn up their noses at everything colonial. In Queensland, if an English article is not to be had, it must come from Sydney to be at all acceptable. No doubt the feeling acted strongly against those who first tried to establish a business in exporting the surplus meat of Australia to the European market. After "years of toil, frequently ending in disappointment and loss, a reaction has set in in favor of Australian meat. Columns of letters and other indications of public opinion appear daily in the London and provincial press of latest dates, speaking in unmistakable terms of the quality of Australian meat. Our neighbors in the other colonies have been stirred by the indications and vigorous efforts will doubtless be made to supply the demand for the superabundant stock of Australia. Some highly creditable suggestions have been made for the purpose of setting the business of meat curing and exporting on a permanent basis, and it is probable that the authorities in Victoria will at once move actively in the matter. This meat preserving is just one of those things in which government action might do a great deal. The business as yet has proved a risky one, and considerable outlay is necessary before anything can be done. A bonus, something after the form of the cotton bonus to be given for every ton of meat exported, could scarcely fail to act beneficially. It would stimulate a business of importance to every one in the country." The S M Herald of Saturday last says _ "The practice of excluding strangers from the House is now becoming common when the proceedings of the Assembly assume an interest more than usually comic The report of Friday furnished several cases in point There was a numerous attendance of members, and a large number of visitors At the outset a financial statement was made the treasurer which, was replied to by the hon. member for Wellington, and for several hours the discussion it as carried on in regard to the expediency of granting four months supply, but evidently in view of ulterior consequences As the night advanced the speeches diverged move from the central point, and little attention was paid to the debate, but it was evident that articles physical strength had commenced of which no one could see the end. The Government, who had a majority, seemed determined to sit until they had obtained their vote, and several members of the Opposition declared their intention to resist it to the utmost, and either force the Government to a dissolution, or starve them out, in a political financial sense About 1 o'clock there was a good deal of talking and laughing behind the Speaker's chair Attention was called to the fact that there were strangers in the House, and all the galleries were cleared Subsequently, after the Press had been re-admitted several hon. members indulged in remarks of a personal nature, and again strangers were ordered to withdraw Once Mr Piddington's long boots furnished matter of comment, and then Mr Macpherson's nose (the hon member for Con ttal Cumberland having nearly severed the tip of that prominent organ) One hon gentleman suggested that the laughing jackass ' had in lured his beak There was also some talk about drunken mosquitos At 4 o'clock this morning the debate was still going on with closed doors, and both sides seemed to display an abated vigor of speech and power of endurance the point of order near the close of yesterday s Paihamontaij report is curious, the words taken down being not offensive in themselves, but only in connection with other words which could not be taken down, inasmuch as the words complained of had intervened All through the night the proceedings could scarcely be dignified by the term deliberation, angry altercation would be a better definition After breakfast the subject under discussion at as dealt with by Mr Robertson, Mr Parkes, and Mr Forster There was a large House, and although there were a few somnolent members the debate was listened to with more than or dinary attention So matter s continued till 3 o'clock, the hour of meeting the members present at that time were of the Government benches Messrs Martin Parkes, Eagar, Wilson, Byrnes, Notvlun, Do Salts, "W Suttor, Burns, Ryan, Lord, Piddington, M Kay, Lee, Campbell, Sutherland, Walker, J Stewart, J Sutton, Giahamo, Dodds, Oatley, Tighe, James, Tunks, Windeyer, Hannell, and Dr Lang On the Opposition benches Messrs Robertson, Burdekin, Macpherson, S O Brown, Di iver, Forster, Samuel, loving Hart, Josophsou, Phelps, B Stewart Maclenj, Neale, Cunneen Hurley Morrice, and Garrett Thursday was a Government day, and the business of the Government took precedence, but Friday was a private day, and the Government business came last on the paper Mr SpeakercnteiodthoOliamber, end of took the chair pursuant to the Standing Orders The Committee of Supply thus came to the limit of its team by cJlhraon of tune, and the pri- into business was called on It will be seen that notice has been given by Mr. Martin of a motion somewhat analogous to the French order for " closing the debate " Its effect if earned, would be simply to enable a majority in two hours, to can any resolution The an nouncement was received with many demonstrations of excitement and disapproval and Mr Driver gave notice that he would ask whether it was the intention of the Govern '. I ment to place a sum of money on the estates for the purchase of gags Mr Macpherson cried out 'revolution' When Mr. Martin moved the adjournment till Monday, Mr F I Macpherson rose to make some observations and insist upon having certain information when the members of the Government rose and left the chamber Their example was followed by their supporters with the exception of Mr I I Nowland and Mr J Stewart, who were left sole occupants of the Ministerial benches Attention was called to the state of the House, and there not being a quor uni per cent, the House was counted out, after a sitting of more than twenty four hours' duration " Dit LiM)ïjiiif writes as follows to the S M Herald in favor of vine cultivation and wine making His remarks are all applicable with the utmost force to Queensland even more than to New South Wales " The soil throughout nearly all the extent of the country is nature ably adapted for the growth of the vine, and it merely requires tapping with a cutting to over flow with nectar, and when the law shall allow our wine to become our national beverages . thousands of acres now encumbered with the cheery eucalyptus will side with the line and another civilising industry will spring up in our midst, to employ thousands of families in the light and pleasing labor it requires, and to attract a desirable class of immigrants to our shores " This is a very pretty picture, and provided the wine growers do then duty as It picture that may be true at no distant period j Stül, while the growers per list in preventing the many headed, by the price they put upon the produce of their vineyards from drinking it freely, vine growing will never flourish as a great industry There are growers who are now refusing good prices, even though their cellars are bursting with the vintages of former year If the merchant, or middleman, is to bring the growers and consumers together, the grower must descend in their notions, and take it h will allow the merchants to vend at such a price as will tempt a tim sty public to become cousin mel s In place of every bottle now gold we want to see a cask 