THE NEWS OF THE EAT. Tho address of the Chief Secretary to the olectors of Mornington will be found in another column. It should he looked upon as an address to tho whole colony, and will be referred to as supplying tho key-noto to tho popular and patriotic party throughout the whole of the electoral proceedings. Tho public meeting nnrmWprl to he held on Monday, which will bo addressed by tbo Attorney- General, will show what the response of tho people will he. Cards of invitation have been issued by his, Boyal Highness the Dnko of Edinburgh to the members of the Legislative Council and the ex-members of the Legislative Assembly, to mem bers of the Kecsption Commission, and to tho ladies of tho several families included in this list, for a farewell entertainment on board H.M.S. Viotoria at noon to-day. A spicial train will leave Spencer-street station at 10.30,. this morning, conveying tho' gueBts so invited to Williamstown. Prince Alfred had a bnsy day yesterday, and in quite a different way from that, wliich has to a certain extent been tho prevailing manner in which Victoria has expressed her loyalty and Welcomin'3. At an early hour he received the the Public Library. Afterwards ho was p sented with a very valaablo artistic work in tho trustees' room of the same building, besides fcein' reauosted to bocome the custodier of sov eral volumes* for her Majesty, the Princess of Wale, and the Princes3 Royal respective y. Subsequently he had conferred, npon him the degree of LL.D. 'i the ^varsity; ^ Newry being admitted a Bachelor of Arts, rail reports of the various proceedings will be found in another coluuir. An amateur concert, under the patronage of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, was given last ovening, m tho Town Hall, Praliran, and was attended by a large and fashionable audience. The programme in cluded some selections from \erdi, ^jfs- Donizetti, Bellini, See. The hon. Ehot Yorke recited, in tho spirit of an accomplished actor, 'Wolsey's Address to Cromwell.' In tho ' Chamber Scene from Hamlet' which was enacted, Mr Yorke again appeared, sus taining the part of tho Danish Prince. Mrs Robert Heir represented the Queen, and Mr W. C Biddle, Polonins. A couple of comic songs were given with great effect. The whole en tertainment was greatly enjoyed, and did not conclude till an advanced hour. Several mem bers of the Governor's family were present in the hall. To-day being tho last of the Galatea's str.y in port, there is no doubt that several will avail themselves of the opportunity of seeing her away, as two or three steamers are advertised to follew her some distance down the Bay, taking passengers at a moderate figure per head. The Galatea was visited by tho Chief Secretary and several friends, as also by several others, who wore, as usual, courteously received. Dr. Mueller informs us that H.R.H. Prince Alfred honored tho Botanic Gardens with a visit . yesterday afternoon, and condescended planting two young trees in memory of his visit. The two trees selected are Saxona Gotham, Con spinea, from Patagonia, and Abies Alberti, from California. Both theso pines were named iu honor of Prince Albert. An acoident which occurred in the Theatre Royal ,laBt evening, during the representation of the Christmas pantomime, created consider able alarm. One of the gas sbades was either accidentally or wilfully broken, and the pieces falling with ' a crash into tho pit, intenso apprehension was excited, which almost rose to a panic on some one calling oat 'fire.'! In a moment everyone rose from their seats, and a rash was made for tho doors, several persons near them bolting from tho building in a most unceremonious manner. Mr Vincent, who happened to be in the stage box, ; at once, . seeing that there were no grofinds for the alarm, . called upon the people to keep their seats, and the musicians striking hp, the audience became convinced tho alarm was a false one, and resumed their places. Some one had, however, in tho meantime, rashed off to the fire brigade, and an engine arrived in a few minute's, but, of conrse, it was fortunately not required. 'Had there been any real cause for alarm, the audience would have had no occasion for rushing to tho doors, as tho admirable pro vision lately made in the house would havo enabled tbe very largest audience to leave the buildirlg within five minutes. Visitors to the thcatro should bear this in mind and prevent as much as possible rushes to the door if a fire should over break out — which; considering the precautions taken, seems almost'- impossible. The settling over the New Year's' Day Race Meeting has not advanced much towards its completion, threo of the bookmakers having failed to put in an appearance, or to reduce their accounts. Still, some think there 13 some slight hope of an adjustment of some sort, though . it must bo admitted thore are at pre'sent ne tangible grounds to go npon. One gentleman long identified with the turf has, however, satisfied all claimants, and is now in a position to receive, and it is to be hoped that the debtors to this estate will not longer withhold settling then- accounts, which will materially assist to lesson the present difficulty. Tho unfortunate boy Alfred Hill, who died on Thursday even ing at tho Hospital from injuries received in u foil in the Steeplechase, will be buried to-day. The funeral procession is to leave Kirk's Bazaar at threo p.m. this afternoon. Mr Nicholas Foott, M.L.A., was arrested on warrant in Geelong, last night, on the charge of disposing of 500 sheep, with intent to de fraud Mr George Synnot. He was oouveyod to tho look-up, and was not bailed out when our parcel was despatched bat his friends were then engaged in procuring his re lease. . The issue of the warrant must have been looked upon as very urgent, for it is said te have been Bigued in blank. At a late hour last night, tho magistrate who issued tho warrant was sent for by the police authorities, in order that the amount of bail should bo fixed. The Rangatira has brought a number of our rifle corps who wero competitors at Sydney in the Champion Riflo Match. The A.S.N. Company's steamship City of Adelaide left yesterday afternoon, at the usual hour, for Sydney, taking the Now South Wales crioketers. They were attended to tho steamer by their Victorian competitors, and loft appa rently in excellent spirits. The Governor in Council, under the powers conferred by the 11th section of The Sales by Auction Statute (27 Vie., No. 203), has extended the time for making payment of the fees due on auctioneers' licenses, for which certificates were obtainod on the annnal licen sing day, for a period of six weeks. On dit that, in tho conrse of the ensuing week, our local literature will be augmented by the appearance of a ' colloquy ' of a satiri cal character, from the -pen of Mr G, S. Hough. ? The subject is said to ho specially connected with tho Victorian stage, and tho satire is levelled at a certain school of criticism which professes to eschew what are called theatrical traditions. The vehicle employed is the old hereic couplet of Dryden and Pope. Tho Maffra (Gipps Land) races; which went 'off very well on Wednesday, terminated with a fatal acoident, throwing a gloom over every-! thing. James Tyrrel, weil known a3 one of Mr Pearson's favorite jockeys, whilst riding for tho Consolation Stakes, was^thrown, and sus tained fatal injuries throhgl^hi3 horse falling an him. He was picked up insensible, and survived only about an hour. A shooking case of infanticide has been dis covered te havo occurred at or near Cobblers, Ballarat, and wo glean the following particulars from the Post : — ' The woman who, judging by the faots ascertained as evidence, is guilty of the crime, has been arrestod, and is now iu gaol awaiting the investigation into the circum stances. Her name is Ellen Sore, and she has beon omployed as servant in the house of a person named Pallman. From what can be learnt, it appears that oh Sunday night the unfortunate woman was confined, and soon, if not directly afterwards, burnt tho body of her infant in a stove placed in a kitchen detached rom the house, and about two hundred yards distant frem it. The woman oloared out tho stove, and tho remains were thrown away, but discovered by a fellow servant and Mrs Pali man, who gave information which led to her arrest. The prisoner is now lodged' in goal, and the inquest on tho remains will be held to-morrow. Suro is a married woman, but her husband has been absent in New Zealand or some time, from which place he is expected to return every day, and probably to save her self from the shame of having borne aa illegi timate child, she destroyed it. Whether the child was bom alive or no will bo rather a difficult problem for medical men, and we are informed it is possible tho heavier charge of infanticide may not be sustained.' Casos of forgery sc3m to be quite as com mon np tho country as in Melbourne. From the Post, we leata that at the Ballarat Police Court yesterday, a man named Charles Robin son was fally committed for trial on a charge of forging and uttering a cheque for £5 3s Gd, drawn on the Bank of Australasia, and bearing the forged name of John Gerrens, on the 18th ult. There was a second charge against tho same prisoner for forging and uttering a cliequo with intent to defraud Mr John Evans, of tho Times Diningrooms. This charge was not proved, and the case was dismissed. A fatal accident occurred at the Inkerman and Durham Company's claim, Ballarat, on Thursday night. It appears that there had boon a fall of ground in the main drivo in tho red run, burying one of the men. The captain of the shift, John Phillips, with two men, named Bennett and Burns, wero engaged res cuing him, when a large mass of earth came down, completely burying the men. The two last, when extricated, wero quite dead ; the captain was seriously hurt on the sprno, and was removed to the hospital. Bennett leaves a wife and two children. It is'tei he presumed that we must give all the current election gossip and news, if only for the purpose of giving the quid-nuncs an op portunity of separating the chaff from the grain. There was a meeting at Buninyong last evoning, for the purpose of securing the return of Sir Francis Murphy and Mr Henty for Grenville. Apropos of this, wo find tho following in tho Courier : — 'Recent opportunities for testing the feeling of a large section of the electors of Grenville havo led to very decided conclusions in favor ot tho re-election of the present mombers, Sir F. Murphy and Mr H. Henty. A gentleman well acquainted with the most thickly inhabited poition of the district, assuros us that, pro vided the opinions of those two gentlemen remain unchanged, any opposition to their return will he unavailing.' Our con temporary's Melbourne correspondent giveB . quite a budget of election news : — ' In East Bourke it appears probable that Messrs Balfour.and M'Oaw will be returned unopposed. In South Bourke Mr G. P. Smith will havo an ? opponent ; Mr Marshall of (Anderson and Marshall) is mentioned as likely to stand. Thore' is at present no opposition candidate in. the field for West Bourke, and it is not likely that more than one t will be nominated. Indeed, it is, quite possible t that Messrs Smith, Riddoll, , and King ? may have a walk over. Mr Duffy takes the field again for Dalhouaie, and Mr Macpherson for Dun das and Follett, but the latter gentleman will , probably be opposed. Mr Wackins will to have to fight for Evelyn against Mr Naylor, who has announced. himself as a candi date, or against some one else — for I believe several gentlemen 'had an eye npon that con ' stitnency, but Mr Naylor ' rushed' the ground. The North Gippslanders , have, not yet agreed upon the name of their Opposition candidate, but Mr F. L. Smyth is busily fortifying his position as a candidate in the Ministerial in terest. For South Gipps Land, Mr Orkney, for merly member for West Melbourne, will stand. Ho is a moderate . man, but opposed to tbe Darling grant, and moreover he is a freetrader. For South Grant, several new candidates are suggested in opposition to Mr Hopkins, but there seems no desire amongst the Ministerial constituents to interfore with the seats lately occupied by Mr Lalor and Mr Stutt. The vacancy for Villiors and Heytesbury, occasioned by the transfor of ;Mr Smyth's affections to Gipps Land, will be sought to bo filled by Mr Macdonnell, another Melbourne barrister, who will start in the interest of the Op position. Mr G. 0. Levey will probably be opposed in Normanby. I have heard Mi Edward Henty's name mentioned as a proba ble candidate, but it is doubtful whether he will come forward. Mr M'Bain will probably be allowed a walkover for the Wimmera. Mr Phillip Russell is talked of for Ripon and Hampden, in opposition to Mr Longmore. Mr M'Culloch will probably be unopposed for Moraington. Mr Pope, it is said, will stand for Grenville, with Sir Francis Murphy, on the re tirement of Mr Henry Henty, who has re peatedly asserted that he will not again come forward. Mr Gresham's address to the electors of Sandridge will be found in our ad vertising columns. Mr S. Deoble informs a Ballarat contemporary that he intends to, offer himself as a candidate for Ballarat East, in the free trade interest. A serious accident occurred at Merino on Boxing Day to a young girl of about thirteen years, daughter of Mr Egan, of Dwyer'a Creek, through a fall from her horse. Accord ing to the Hamilton Spectator, she is so seriously hurt thut her life is despaired of. A Government Gazette Extraordinary of Thursday announces that his Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, appoints Bridgewater a polling place for the Western Province ; Goulbum Valley Vineyard to bo a polling place for the Longwood division of the Murray dis trict ; Wagra Station to be a polling place for the Mitta-Mitta division _ of the Mur ray distriot in place of Mitta-Mitta, the ap pointment of which place haB been revoked ; Byalong to be a polling place for the Broadford (B) division of the district of Dalhousie ; Baynton in tbe Oampaspe division of Dal housie; andMacarthurin the Hevwood division of Normanby. A good deal of noiso has been made about alleged maltreatment of the Ballarat Rangers in connection with the late review in Mel bourne, but thefStar-isinformed' that tbere is really nothing to complain of tinder the circum stances. Before the men went they wero told what they would have to do in the matter of self- provisioning, and the hitch at Fcotscray with the trains is said to have been a simple blander which, however inconvenient, hatdly merits much ado among men on even a little peaco campaign. The cases disposed of at the City Police Court yesterday wore of a very ordinaxy character, totally devoid of public interest. Mr EUory, the Government Astronomer, has favored us with a report showing the re sults of meteorological observations made at the Melbourne Observatory for the month ending 31st December, 1867. The following is the substance of the document : — Pressure of air: Maximum, 30.080 in., on the 4th ; minimum, 29. 350 in., on the 27th; range dur ing the month, 0,730. in. Highest temperature iu the shade, 104.6 deg., in sun, 141.0 deg.. on tbe 19th ; lowest in shade, 42.2 deg,, on the 5th. Weather in the beginning and towards the end of the nitatb, boisterous ; towards the middle, showery ; hot wind on the 6;h, 19ti», and part of tlio 27th ; thunder and lightning on the afternoon of tho 6th ; vory hot and oppres sive on the 9th aud 19th ; heavy squills and rain on the 11th, 12th,' and part of tno 13th ; violent squalls from the west.witu den30 clouds of dust, on the afternoon of the 27th ; light ning on the ovening of tho 2Sth* Rainfall during the month — 3.341 in. in 10 days, against 1.565 in. in 4 days in December, 1866 ; 1.351 in. in 9 days in December, 1865 ; 2.211 in. in 12 days in December, 1864 ; 7.182 in. in 14 days in December, 1863 ; 1.105 in. in / days in December, 1862 ; 2.584 in. in 12 days in December, 1861 ; 5.062 in. in 11 days in December, 1860 ; 1.025 in. in 11 days iu De cember, 1859 ; 6.473 in. in 19 days in Decem ber, 1858. Total rainfall for the year — 25.790 in. during 133 days, against 22.414 in. during 107 days in 1866; 15.9-10 in. during 119 days in 1865, 27.398 in. during 144 days in 1864 ; 36.428 in. during 165 days in 1863 ; 22.080 in. during 139 days in 1862 ; 29.146 in. during 159 days in 1861 ; 25,383 in. during 133 days in 1800 ; 21.825 in. during 156 days in 1859 ; 26.016 in. daring 158 days in 1858. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Margaret Mary Collins, alias Hayhow, whose evidence is required in the case of The Queen v. Hayhow, for bigamy. She is aged 20, tall, good-looking, dark hair, fair complexion usually wears dark dress and shawl and black hat trimmed with white ribbon and feather. Prince Alfred, has acted very generously in connection with the disaster to the three chil dren in Sandhurst. On Thursday the Mayor received a communication from the hon. Eliot Yorke, enclosing a cheque from his Royal Highness for £50 in aid of tho funds which are being collected towards defraying tlie expenses incurred by the parents of the three poor children who were burned to death on the model Galatea, and for erecting a monument over them. As showing the warm sympathy expressed by tho Dnke, we give tho following copy of the communication received by the Mayor : — ' Toorak, 31st December, ,1867. Dear M'lntyro, — I am desired by his Royal Highness tho Duke of Edinburgh to forward yon the onclosed cheque for £50 as a donation towards the erection of tho monu ment proposed to bo raised o'vor tho remnius of the threo poor children bumod on- the night of the torchlight procession given in Sand hurst in honor of his Royal ? Highness, who would be much obliged if you would convey to the parents of tho children the expression of his deepest sympathy.— I am, &o.;, Eliot C. Yobke.' The money which it is expected will ho collected will bo devoted to two pur poses,' that of orecting a suitable monument in somo portion of tlio cemetery, and of com pensating the parents for tho heavy expendi ture caused by the fatal accident. The following notice to applicants for gold mining or mineral leases, or water-right licenses is published in the Government Gazette : — 'The attention of all persons applying for gold-mining or mineral leases, or for water right liconses, is directed to the provisions of the regulations relating to tho publication of notice of such applications ; and it is hereby notified that tho applicant will not be doomed to have complied with the regulations under which his application may bo made unless such notice shall have duly appoaredin a nows paper aotually published in the district in which the land applied for is situatod, or shonld there bo no newspaper published within the district, then in the newspaper published nearest thereto, and having a bona fide circu lation within such district.' An extraordinary statement appears in our telegram from New South Wales, to the effect that ' an outbreak is apprehended between the two sects (sic) of tho community here, on the occasion of the visit of H.R.H. tho Dnko of Edinburgh.' Tho telegram proceeds to state that . ' the Government have determined to suppress it on the appearance of any such dis turbance. They have ordered the enrolment of a number of special constables for the occa sion.' That thore is any real foundation for this ridiculous statement wo cannot believe, but wo are at a loss to comprehend the motive for making it. No doubt it will turn out to be a tissue of absurdities. We have not heard tho last of the Brodie tragedy, it would seem. Tho local correspon dent of tho Star writes as follows : — ' On Tues day, Anne Brodie, wifoof the late John Brodie, Crown lands bailiff, was brought before Mr J. P. Hamilton, P.M., and Mr R. H. Lock, J.P., Smythesdale, on a charge of lnnaoy, and was committed to Ararat Asylum, but the unfortu nate woman was not till Thursday in a fit state for removal from the lock-up. It appears, that her drunken habits had been continued so long that she is almost, if not entirely irreclaimable. Mr Henry Barnett, surgeon, was in attendance upon her at tho lock-up. In 'connection with tliis subject it may be stated tbat no fewer than seven applications from Smythesdale alone are said to have been made for the situation held by tho late Crown lands bailiff, and it is farther stated that somo of the applications were de spatched before the unfortunate man's corpse was cold.' Among the 'Missing Friends' inquired for in the current number of the Victorian Police Gazette we observe the following : — Information is requested respecting Philip Beger or Boeger, bom at Heidelberg, in Baden, September, 1826. In 1847 he went to New York and carried on business as a brioklayer, porter, or tile maker, and subsequently kept an inn at the corner of William-street and Frank fort-street. His last lettor to his frionds is dated New York, 28th October, 1851. Ho is supposed to havo gone to somo part of Aus tralia with one Gustav Kallcbach, of Heidel berg, and one J. P. Fassert, and to have lived for some time with the latter in Melbourne. — Missing from her home at Clunes, since the 23rd ult., Jeanetto Rolliwoll, Scotch, aged 25, above the middle height, stout build, florid complexion, full face ; wore black merino dress, dark cloth cloak, and black hat with puce feather. On the above date she left Ballarat by train for Melbourne. — Information is re quested respecting John Lawrence, a North ampton man, present ago, if alive, about 60 ; tried at Leicester; arrived at Sydney per con vict ship Hive, 1833; last heard of at Paira matta, N.S.W. — Seo Police Gazette, 27th December, 1867, p. 441 : Andrew Fo garty has been found. — Missing from his home, Emerald-street, Emerald-hill, since the 16th instant, Peter Roid, aged 45, 5 feet 6 inches high, very stout, full face, florid complexion, clean shaved; wore black eoat, light-colored trousers and vest, and low crowned black hat. Frem our Sydney telegram wo learn that ex tensive and destructive hush fires have taken place at Uiladulla, Braidwood and elsewhere. At a meeting of the stewards of the Creswick Turf Club, held at Anthony's American Hotel, on Monday, the following arrangements wore mado for the ensuing meeting: — Maiden Plate, £20, mile ;' Creswick Handicap, £40, 2 miles and (a distance ; Selling Race, £20, 1£ mile'; Selling Hurdle Race, £20, 2 miles and a distance ; Hack R?oe, £10, 1 mile and a dis tance ; Novel Race, £20, 1J mile : Handicap Hurdle Race, £30, 2.J miles ; Free Handicap, £30, mile ; Consolation Handicap, £15, 1£ : Hack Race, £10, 1 mile .and a distance. A trotting race for £20 will also' take place, but it has not yet been decided whether it is to be a selling race or a distance handicap. Information is requested by tbe Auckland authorities respecting Captain Joseph Kemp Weston, who left his home in Symonds-street, Auckland, on tho 5th nit. Ho is thus de scribed : — Age, about 32 years ; height, 5 feet 9£ inches ; complexion, rather sallow ; hair, dark-brown; small side whiskers, and medium moustache, no beard, long features, upright and slender build, elastic step ; usually dressed in a bclltopper hat, long black cloth coat, and light trousers ; very gentlemanly appeorance, dress and manners, and of a conversant disposition. From inquiries mude, it has been ascertained that a person answoring tho description of tho missing friend stopped on the nights of the 5th and 6th ultimo at the house of a settler, named Edward Lovett, at Tithungi, and on the 7th borrowed a pistol from him for the alleged purpo30 of shooting a pig. He was soon later in the day a few miles from Lovett's residence, but no further clue has been obtained of him. A heavy sig not ring, which he presented to Mrs Lovett, has been identified as tho property of tbe miss ing friend. Wo were yesterday shown by Messrs Roberts and Co., of Ballarat, an excellent pho tograph on an enlarged scale taken from the original of H.R.H. tho Duke of Edinburgh and suite in niiniug costume as they appeared aftor their visit te the Band of Hope gold mine. The photograph is similar to that presented to the Duke, and it is admirably executed. Having been colored in ' oils,' it has every appearance of being an oil painting. Tho likenesses are excellent, and anyone ac quainted with the different gentlemen cannot fail in pointing them ont at once, disguised although they are in diggers' clothes. The picture will be on view at Mr Paling's, Collins street, for the next few days. The artistes have issued a smaller photograph of the same scene, which cannot fail of becoming one of the most popular and interesting souvenirs of the royal visit. Wo havo Queensland advices to the 28th instant. Tho following particulars of the fire at the Toowoomba Hospital are supplied by an eye witness : — ' The fire broke out about a quarter to tbree o'clock on the 26th, in tho wash-house. In this oompartment of the hospital no fire or convenience for fire has ever been provided. A door without a lock opened on to tho north side of the quadrangle on which the hospital is built, and was fastened only by a small pot filled with earth being put to tho bottom. When tho fire was first ob served a few buckets of water could -have easily extinguished it, but there was no water. The wind was then blowing from the north west and drove the smoke: into the matron's apartments-adjoining the-wash-house. Mrs Reed (tho matron) and her childreiTiJftd to make a hasty retreat, and lost everything — clothes, monoy, and deeds of . some little property. One or two of the inhabitants of Toowoomba wero early en the ground, and breaking open the 'windows of the female ward, hurried the inmates out en to the gronnd, in their night clothes, and then went to tho men's ward, where two small boys and a man who wa3 suffering from paralysis were at once removed, and all the ward furniture, clothes of patients, and books, drugs and chemicals of the surgery were saved. Nothing but the patients in the fover ward were saved, more from want of thought than time. Messrs Taylor and Groom were early on the ground, and ordered the bedding and patients to bo removed' to the town ball. The whole of the buildings were burnt to tho ground by 4 o'clock. For somo time serious apprehensions were en tertained for the safety of the National School buildings, and also for tho house in occu pation of Mr Farqucson, but through tho exertions of those present, tho fire was con fined to the hospital, the cost ol^ the erection of which was £2000.' A correspondent, writing from the Upper Dawson, thus depicts the inseot life to be met with in Taroom during the summer season : — ' An old woman in Sydney once told me that cockroaches were in the ' climit ;' and I gaped my astonishment wide enough to swallow a few flies. I was of an obdurate and unbelieving turn of mind in those days, and mentally set the old. female down as 1 cracked ;' but a prac tical course of ' Queensland insect life' has softened my heart (not to speak of the brain), and I incline to the belief that beetles, flies, cockroaches, spiders, mosquitoes, bugs, fleas, et hoc genus omne, are in the climate, and come to us at regnlated seasons, just as any other thing does. I know of a spot that would de light the heart of St. Patrick, for there are more of tho above-mentioned pests to be found in one square mile of that country than in any other two in Queensland, while the snakes and frogs are the longest) strongest, thickest, ugliest, most venomous and numerous in the colony, and would take a deal of banishing. If any one should meet his saintahip, tell him the place is Taroom.' ' From the Post Office authorities we have received the following return, showing tlio number of letters, packets, and newspapers received at and despatched from Victoria, per P. and O. R. M. S. ships, during the month of December, 1867 : — Recoived per Avoca, 45,253 letters, 2035 packets, 95,635 newspapers ; despatched per Geeloug, 38,882 letters, 545 packets, 70,651 newspapers. Total, 84,135 letters, 2580 packets, 166,286 newspapers. It appears that the man on whom the inquest was hold at the Melbourne Hospital proves to be one Thomas Seal, transported to V.D.L. for a custom house robbery about thirty years ago. No less than twenty-five cases of horse and cattle stealing were reported to the Victorian police during the week ending 31st December. The Tempeiiance Hall. — Saturday night's entertainment will be given this evoning. The Annual Meeting of the Melbourne Total Abstinence Society will be held in the Temperance Hall, on Monday ovening. In oub bepobt of the laying of the founda tion-stone of the Richmond Methodist Now Connoxion Church, tho name of Mr Charles Miles; one of the trustees, was omitted. The Case Entertainment, at the Poly technic, attracted a considerable audience last evening, and as nsnol, gave intense gratifica tion. It will of course be repeated this even ing. Mblboubne Lying-in Hospital and Infir mary for Diseases pecullui to Women and Children. — Mr Avent, the resident-surgeon, reports as follows for the month of December, 1867\. — In-patients on 30th November, 23 ; admitted daring the month, 44 ; out-patients, 252 ; now cases, 54. The Haymarket Theatre. — Mr W. B. Gill, the clown of the establishment, took a benefit last evening, the attendance being tolerably good. The first piece performed was written by Mr ,GiU, and is entitled' ' Which is which?' It is a capital farce, and will bear repetition. The principal characters were played by Messrs Gill and Welsh. The pantomime followed, and went as successfully as usual, Mr Robert Urquhart Miller, of 19 Col lins-street west, has received the following gratifying letter from the hon. Eliot Yorke : — 'Thursday, 3rd January, 1868, Toorak. — Sir,— 1 am desired by the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., to inform you that H.R.H. has gra cioosly been pleased to appoint you cook and confectioner to H.Ii.H. The appointment will bo sent' out from England on the earliest op portunity. — E. C. Yorke, equeriy in waiting.'. The Japanese Troupe. — There was a crowded houso at the Princess Theatre last evening, his Royal Highness and suite being present from the commencement to the end of the entertainment. The Prince manifested his appreciation of the performance in as boisterous a manner as the audience, who were most lavish in their applause. A grand mid-day perform ance will be given this afternoon, and in the evening there will bo a change in the pro gramme. In consequence of tho efficient manner and groat taste displayed by Messrs Moubray, Lush and Co. in fitting up tho apartments occupied by his Royal Highness at Toorak, Prince Alfred boa been pleased to intimate that he has appointed them his silk mercers, drapers and upholsterers in Melbourne. A communi cation to that effect was received yesterday from the hon. Eliot Yorke, the Prince's equerry - in-waiting, who also intimated that the formal appointment will be forwarded from England by tbe earliest opportunity. The Head Quarters Band will play the following selection this afternoon, from half past 3 to half-past 5 o'clock, at tho Fitzroy Gardens: — March, 'Herminon,' Kuhner ; Quadrille, ' Zurich,' d'Albert ; do, ' Lo Carnival de Venice,' Siedo; Overture, ' Stradella,' Flotow ; Waltz, ' The Duke of Edinburgh,' H. Lee; Selection from ' L'Africaine,' Meyerbeer ; Galop, ' Bon Soir,' Godfrey. Mr Paul Thomas, of 3 Collins-street east, has received tho. following from the hon. Eliot Yorke, equerry-in-waiting to H.R.H. Princo Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, &c.;, &c.; : — ' Toorak, Melbourne, Tuesday, 24th December, 1867\. — Sir,— I am desired by H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., to acknowledge the receipt of your letter dated 20th December, and to say, in reply, that his Royal Highness has graciously been pleased to appoint you as his Royal Highncss'a bootmaker in Melbourne. The appointment will be sent yon from Eng land on the earliest apportunity. — Eliot C. Yorke, Equerry-in-waiting. The Victorian Police. — The following is a return of appointments, &c.;,inthe police force, weekending 31st December, 1867: — Promo- tion : Constable Hall, Edward (509), to senior constable. Roduction : Senior-constable Keo bane, James (611), to constable. Discharges : Constable M'Nally, Patrick (770), constable Dunne, Robert (354). Dismissal : Constable Thurnam, William Henry (2223). Rewards : To constablo Michael Delaney, Ballarat, £2 from the police reward fund, in acknowledg ment of his services in stopping a horse over which the rider had lost control ; to detectives Robert Honnan and John Christie, £4 and £2 respectively, in acknowledgment of their ser vices in the arrest and prosecution of Henry Yates; alias Pickering, alias Miller, alias Harrison, and Robert Reilly, alias Watson, sentenced to three and two years respectively . for burglary. . Cricket.— Among tho matches for to-day, a game will be played between eleven of' the Carlton and Pentridge Clnbs on the ground of the former. The Carlton team will be selected' from Messrs James, M'F.arland, Bishop; Wal lace, Jones, Alwyn, Leaoh, Atyeo, F. James, C. Hillsden, F. Hillsder., Adamson and Dun .can. Eloven of the Richmond Club play eleven of tins Priacs ef lYaleS-Slub on the Riohmond^ ground. The players for~KrcITmon3*wlll bo — Messrs Mortimer, Dark'e, King, Carr, Cotter, Marsden, 11. Johnson, J. A. Wilmbth, -Edwards, Ashton and J. Wilmoth. The first and second elevens of the M.C.C. and E.M.C.C. meet this day at one o'clock, the first eleven playing at East Melbourne, and the second eleven playing at Melbourne. The East Mel bourne teams ? ore as follow): — 1st Eloven : Phillips, W. Campbell, : D. Campbell, Daniel WilMe) David Wilkie, James Gold smith, Conway, Gaggin, Hepburn, Stewart, J. Eggleston; and Freem: n, emergent y. So .0* 1 eleven : J. L. Ballantyne, Kilburn, C. Symends, Eyto, Williams, Riggall, F. Eggle ston, Coates, Peterson, : Holmer and Waugb. Immigrants' Aid Society.— At the weekly meeting of the executive committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, the superintendent made tho fol lowing return: — Number of inmates in. the Home, as reported last week, 271; admitted since, 66; persons who have 'received out door relief, 562, or 135 families. - Total re lieved, 899. Discharged from the Homo during the week, 73. Total at present remaining, 264\. Number of women hair teasing, 10 ; do in the laundry, 11; number of men oakum picking, 26 ; stonebreaking, 4 ; working outside, 4. Presents were received of old clothing from Dr. Bromby and Mr H. L. Kelly, and of buns from Mr Grimwood. Subscriptions have boon received per Mr Goff, collector, viz. : — Borough Council of East Col lingwood, £5 ; Borough Council of Rich mond, £5 ; Borough Council of Emorald-hill, £5; Bank of Australasia, £8 ; National Bank, £5 os ; Dr. Willde, £i Is ; per Mr Nicholson, from Mr R. Grice, £2 2s; per Rev. Mr Thomas, colleoted at the Welsh Church, £2 6s 3d ; Mr John Carson, £1 ; Mr J. Badcock, £1 Is. School Children's Fete at Fitzroy. — The Fitzroy festival in honor of the visit of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinbugh, to the school children resident in the borough', was hold yesterday, at the Cricket Reserve, and proved as suc cessful as the numerous fetes of a similar character held in almost every , part of_ the colony. Tho , affair lost no thing from having been undertaken at a late period of the royal visit. The handsome contribution of the counoil of £100 together with the public subscriptions, which amounted to upwards of £85, enabled tlio committeo to provide for the scholars on a liberal scale. Mr Grimwood was the successful tenderer for tho supply of the refreshments, which were distri buted throughont the day in inexhaustible supplies. One ton of beef, mutton and veal, 750 four-pound loaves, 15,000 buns and tea and coffee ad libitum were sup plied, On the ground wero thirty tents and several large marqueos, and one and a quarter miles of tabling. The children assembled at the court houso at twelve o'clock and marched in procession thenco to tlio ground, whore, after the Mayor had read prayer, they betook them selves to the festivities of the day. Merry go-rounds, swings and other amusements were provided, the boys joining in races for which the committee offered prizes. Sereralband3 of music were upon the ground, in cluding that of the training ship, and dancing wns indulged in as became all young people. A band of itinerant minstrels made their ap pearance, but their entertainment was reverse of interesting, and ought not to have been al lowed. In fature those persons who have the management of such affairs would do well to exclude 'Christy Minstrels' from their programme. The only other thing that oc curred to mar the enjoyment of the day was the conduct of a few individuals, who, having taken too much beer, became rather ' obstropo lou8.' Everywhere else tho utmost order pre vailed, and at the close of tho clay hearty satisfaction was expressed on all sides. 