FOKKIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. Tun Ccnstituiicnnel, of March 31st, believes it can state that the present Legislative body will not be dissolved until the expiration of its term in 1869. — The France, of April 10th, says : — ' The armaments of France do not threaten peace, they can discon cert none but evil designs, for they are a shield of legitimate rights, the violation of which alone could lead to a conflict.' — The Moniteur du Soir, of April 15th, says:— 'The mutual relations between the Great Powers continue to be of a pacific and cordial character. The different Cabinets are not at the pre sent moment divided by any irritating discussion. The Pessimist views entertained by some journals are not founded upon correct information.' _ Cherbourg, the Emperor and Empress accompanying him as far as the station. After staying a day at Cherbourg his Imperial Highness proceeded to Brest, escorted by an iron-clad squadron. It is said that tile Emperor, in quest of materials for his ' Life of Caesar,' will before long pay a visit to Egypt. On April 14 a duel was fought with pistols at Munich between Baron Budberg and Baron Meyen dorff. Baron Budberg was slightly wounded. The Patrie of April 16 says that there has not been any exchange of proposals between the French and Prussian Cabinets on the' subject of disarmament. The Moniteur du Soir, in ita weekly summary of April 22, publishes the following : — The common sense of the public knows how to appreciate the reports of impending war, and the alarming rumours invented and propagated purposely with a view to speculation. Happily they are gradually subsiding. While the French Government neglects nothing to discourage bellicose aspiration and strengthen the desire for a general peace, the other Cabinets all understand that it is their duty to exert their influence in favour of ideas of moderation and of equity. ITALY. A military convention for the repression of bri gandage has been concluded between the military authorities of the province of Naples and the com mander of the Pontifical troops on the southern Pontifical frontier, whereby the military conventions existing previously to October, 1867, again come into force. On April 14th a general strike took place of the workmen at Bologna. The workmen paraded the streets armed with Btones, and compelled all the shopkeepers to close their shopB. They broke the windows of the town-hall. The troops were called out, and after a third summons the workmen dis persed. The police arrested the editor, manager, and head compositor of the radical journal L'Amico del Pcpolo. The strike continued on April 15th. The troopB patrolled the streets. The Prefect and Mayor of Bologna issued proclamations exhorting the workmen to cease their illegal demonstrations. The greater number of the men subsequently returned to ihcir occupation. At a popular Democratic meeting, it was resolved to suspend the strike for the present, to petition Parliament against the heavy burden and unjust distribution of the income-tax, and to solicit the immediate release of the persons arrested. The marriage contract between Prince Humbert and the Princess Margherita, of Savoy, was signed on April 21. The contract wsb witnessed by the French, Prussian, and Saxon ministers. The next morning, April 22, at half-past 10, the Royal Family, the high dignitaries of state, the ministers, the parliamentary deputation, and the members of the municipal coun cil assembled in tbe great ball-room of the palace for the ceremony of the civil marriage. The President of the Senate read tbe prescribed article of the code, received the declarations of the Prince and Princess, and proclaimed their marriage. Immediately after* wards the cortige proceeded to the cathedral, which had been magnibcently decorated. They were there joined by tbe diplomatic body. High Mass was cele brated, and the Archbishop of Turin officiated at the marriage service. THE PAPAL STATES. On Pslm Sunday, April 5, the Pope officiated at St. Peter's. He blessed and distributed the palms to the cardinals, prelates, and members of the diplomatic body. His Holiness enjoys good health. It is ex pected that the remaining French division will shortly take its departure for France. The officers have received orders to prepare for leaving. On April 9, the Pope, after assisting at Mbsb in the Sixtine Chapel, gave his blessing to the people from the great loggia of the fagide of St. Peter's. The Pope's voice was powerful and distinct. Fifty thousand persons were present, and his Holiness was cheered. The Pope subsequently washed the feet of thirteen poor priests, and served them at dinner ac cording to cns'.om on Maundy Thursday. AUSTRIA. According to a telegraphic despatch received at Vienna, tbe propositions submitted to the Papal See by the Austrian Ambassador, Count Crivelli, with reference to the revision of the Concordat, have been met on all and every point with a decided non pot sumut. The bill brought into the Reichsrath by tbe Govern ment sanctioning the customs and commercial treaty with Germany is accompanied by a pro memorii, which says : — ' The Emperor's Government never Bpprehtnded that tbe political separation of Austria from Germany would entail their estrangement in commercial matters. AU the interests of the empire can ror tne extension ana multiplication ox trading relations between the two countries.' The negotiations for a commercial treaty between Austria and England have been successfully con cluded, end the draft of the treaty prepared by the English and Austrian plenipotentiaries now awaits the sanction of the Ministers. It is proposed that the treaty shall come into operation on the 1st of June. The Vienna official gazette of April 13 says : — ' la order to remove every possible doubt, we have been authorised expressly to declare that the letter alleged by a French paper to have been addressed by the Pope to the Emperor of Austria is entirely apocry phal.' The Empress of Austria gave birth to a princess on April 22. PRUSSIA. It is semi-officially stated that, although by virtue of the recent ukase the kingdom of Poland in Russia has ceaBed to exist, the Prussian consulate general in TV arsaw will still be continued, since the duties of the office in question are of a commercial and not of a political character. Mr. Bancroft, the American Minister in Berlin, has received full powers from his Government to conclude a treaty of commerce and navigation with the North German Confederation and the Zollvereln. The nego tiations will not commence until after the ratification of the treaty relative to the nationality of emigrants. BELGIUM. The rioting in the coal-mine districts of Belgium continued on Saturday, March 28 ; and in the neigh bourhood of Charierei there was another conflict be tween the militarv and the rioters. RUSSIA. The Minister of Finance, in submitting the Budget to the Emperor, says that, with a good harvest, tbe deficit will be inconsiderable, and that in obedience to his Majesty's wishes every means shall be taken to complete the lines of railway which have been com menced. DENMARK. The Dagblai, in its French review, says it is true that the negotiations with Prussia relative to North Schleswig have not been broken off, but that they are hopelessly dragging on. It also denies the rumours that a partial agreement haB been arrived at, and says it is impossible for Denmark to give the guarantees required, and that the frontier line proposed by Prussia would be most unacceptable to Denmark. The teview concludes by expressing confidence in the future of Denmark. The Dagblad slso states that the Danish people are' animated bv gratitude towards France for ber intervention aft the conclusion of the treaty of Prague. SPAIN. The Officio Gazette announces that disturbances have broken out at Barcelona in connection with a workman's strike. Catalonia has consequently been placed in a state of a siege. According to telegraphic advices, order has.becn restored. Harehel Narvaez died at Madrid on the morning of Apiil 23. It is believed that the present Ministry will continue in office under the Presidency of Senor Airazola, Minister of State. PORTUGAL. Disorderly bands of unemployed workmen paraded the streets on April 13, and many of the shopB were closed. The municipal guards patrolled all day. Several members of Count Peaiche's committee went with a petition to tbe Minister of the Interior. Public order has been maintained. The Cortes was opened on April 16 by the king in person, who delivered a very brief speech. AMERICA. The Impeachment trial was resumed on April 9, before the Senate. Judge Curtis opened the case for the defence. He denied that the Tenure of Office Act was applicable to the case of Mr. Stanton's removal from the War Department. The trial was continued on April 11. General Thomas, who was examined as a witness, deposed that President Johnson had never ordered him to employ force in order to obtain posses sion of the War-office. On April 14, General Sherman deposed that when President Johnson offered him the post of Secretary for War, he, the President, claimed the right under the Tenure of Office Act to make an ad interim appointment, end expressed a wish to get a case before the Supreme Court. The triil was resumed on April 20. The Court refused to receive the testimony of Secretary Welles and others, offered by the connsel for the defence, to prove that the Cabinet, including Mr. Stanton, advised President Johnson to veto the Tenure of Office Bill, and that the Cabinet had since agreed that the Act was in applicable to the case of Mr. Stanton. The evidence for the defence was concluded, and on April 22, Mr,v Boutwell, one of the managers for the prosecution, replied to the arguments of the defence. In the course of a long speech he maintained that the evi dence submitted by the prosecution had completely suetaiced the charges preferred- In conclusion, he strongly urged the conviction of President Johnson. The House of Representatives passed, on April 20, by ninety-nine votes against five, a bill introduced by Mr. Banks, relative to the naturalisation of immi grants to the United States. This bill enacts that any declaration or decision of officers of the United States Government which questions the right of ex patriation is null and void ; that all naturalised citi zens of the United States while in foreign countries shall be entitled to the same protection as is now accorded to the native-born citizens ; and that when any citizen of the United States is arrested by any foreign Government, and his release delayed or refused upon the allegation that naturalisation does not dissolve Mb allegiance to his native sovereign, the President shall be empowered to order tbe airtst of any subject of such foreign government who may be found within the jurisdiction of the United States. Advices from Canada state that further evidence has elicited that Whelan was the assassin of Mr. Darcy M'Gee. The Fenians from Philadelphia arrested at Montreal have been charged with compli city. Several other arrests have been made. The A fete York Herald states that a Fenian plot has been discovered to blow op the House of Parliament, at Ottawa. The steamer Seagull has been burnt on Lake Michigan ; 50 lives were lost. 