SÏDNICY. m WcdneBiTay. A compromise on tho Supply rot* likely. Duce and lUonliman, bua'iraogerB, have been sentenced to death ut Deniliquin. Vin* outwa every fourth Sat imlay. Tho i£tighVi mm'1 ur ri res here at four o'clock to-day. The Queensland portion will lou vc ut Uro o'clock. A srE IAi. meeting of tliií Town Council na* boen culled fur to-duy. lt ia tn bi? hoped n quorum will He found to g»»t thront;., the work now iiceuiiiuîiting /or sever il wee îts. We complain very much of tim heat in Rockhampton. Tn N«w South Willes, South Australia, and even Victoria, th»y have periods of heut to which we hare nothing to compare. A co-respondent of ide Sydney Morning Herald Bends that jaurnal u Hat of maximum tempera ture* during 3amonth in Grafton. On thc 2-id und 18th, the gIa«B in the si in de wns 100; on thc 201 li, 25th, and 29th, ut 101; on tho 22nd, at 105 ; on «ho 30M), Ht 107 ; on the 20th ut 103 ; and on thc 27th, ut U0 decrees. Thc ni fun température during (lie month wag 82 degrees 48 minutes; whether this was thc mean of one daily observation, or of several during tho mont h, we cannot say, as the cor* reepmJent af thc Herald ii silent oa that point. TUB b iy Tewhi-said to be a South Sea Telan der, though his name pounds wonderfully like the Irish name Tu oliy, und ho might he a Tipperary hoy in disguise-wa« brought before the POUCÛ tuturi on Moatlnyt fihtrgod »if h ab- sconding from his hired service. The agreement between him und Cuptuin W«i*s was produced, but the hoy not being able to speak a single word of English, and there being no interpréter, the inquiry wns necessarily a nno-si led afftir. The boy could mike no defence, «nd wa« ordered back to h\« service. Th* d cisión waa no doubt just, but how would the Bench have acted if the | boy brought a charge «gainst his muster? IR he [ to wait until he has acquired u knowledge of the ¡ Kngtirih lin¡¡ungo, or is ho to go without justice? We nhill have many esses of dispute wo have no doubt before mi ny months, arising between misters and mm, mid unless the Government provide interpreters there will be no possibility of odjndicating on them according to justice and fair play. Tancred h sf been eu.nmoned for Tue« iay nert, for enticing the boy away. Tnt? dividends on Vietoriun mining comp mies for 1667, have been dec'urnd. On qu irtr mines the dividends w*re £¿2^,010, ant on alluvial min«* £597,330-miking n tot ni of JM533G0, which may be regarded as a very ea.1ijfnct.iry result of mining enterprise. AN enterprising bath owner informs the public that ladies and gentlemen who use his billi« "need n*t fear being s wal H weil alice by rh irkB and alligators.*' There is no guarantee given that they wont be swallowed hy those feroei rn* manat.tra when they are dead a»id well chewed up hot ween their horrible jaws, ugh! We Hope tho Corporation will eave the citizens from Much a terrible possibility by erect- ing bat IIB at a sife distance f<*om the camping ground of both shurks and alligators. There ie euid to be a big alligator now hovering about the wh irres uni bath-*-a regular boomer, who could e waihi w an alderman. We have not seen the monster ourselves, and hive no idea of giving a chan ec at any of our precious limbB by going near his domains. THERE ÎB a constantly increasing de- mand for servant girls in Rockhampton, and over i he dist rict generally, and there ÍB no im mediate prospect of *he supply being equal to the dem ind. We are informed that fifty female servants could now find ready engagements in Rockhampton, at wng-'s varying from 10s. to 12* per week, and in »ho country from 12s. to 10B. Th 're ia n geueral tightening of labour in tho district. The ferrant girl« get snatched up and man-i'd, and start houses of their own. The supply from immigration is stopped, and the consequences must create considerable in- convenience, unless we get some of the surpluB labour of Brisbane, Sydney, or Melbourne. A GENTLEMAN who came into town yester- day, gives us the following information respect- ing the diggings. A small rush Iris taken place at Rosewood io Slaughteryard Gully, occasioned by a German finding a twenty-two ounce nugget last week, in an old deserted hole, after about five minutes labour. A little payable ground has been struck in tho neighbourhood but not sufficient to repay the labour of all at work on the ground. Another small rush has taken place to Brady's Gully, in consequence of a few pennyweights being found, and two claims out of the many are paying well. A two ounce nugget was got on Monday last, on ground be- tween the township and Nelsons store. Several small parties were wending their way to Rosewood ; some from Gympie Creek, expecting that the full of rain would make things brisk again at Rose wood, which many confidently look forward to as there ia a great deal of washdirt stacked, and some speak of having their eyes on ground that is likely to yield a good return. The working in the scrub, a few miles from Rosewood, are expected to well repay the diggers when they get water. It is said that prospecting is going on in the vicinity of the river. Sickness has been prevalent. One sudden death occurred last week-the wife of Mr. Wallace, leaving two children. The crushing at Morinish, it was said, would have to stop to-day for want of water if rain did not come. Auother machine is ex pected in about two months. The diggers came forward nobly to encourage the new company by taking up a large number of shares. The proprietors of the machine now at work seemed glad at the prospect of a second machine, as it is impossible for one to crush as rapidly as is needful to satisfy the diggers. At Ridgelands, machinery is very much needed ; several hand and horse machines are at work. It is a great pity to see so much quartz lying in heaps in every direction for want of crushing apparatus. Rain is wanted very much; nearly all the puddling machines are idle, and operations at the Prospectors' Reef have nearly ceased from the same cause. Rain and machinery would give new life to all these diggings. Ora flies of the Port Denison Times to the 4th instant, c mtain but few items of intérêt : -We regret, lo learn by advices reoeived from the Gulf, beating dat« 30th ultimo, that (ht* " Kllcsmure " struck on Woody Isle llcef in Endeavour Straits, and fhat it was necessary to throw overboard come sixty toos of cirgo to get ber off.-Di'. t i his been ruttier busy amount us lately. Byrnes, the milkman, well known in Howen, die j a short tim« ugo at the diggings, where lie had gone «iib the intention of opening II dairy. Rochfort, publican, Into of Townsvilh*. died at the Coin un ¡"-i on er's Camp 01 his road down. Regan, for some time hui li IV of the Court, Bowen, vas fou> ville Knee CoursBj and we nlso hvnr that Be n niall Bradford, lite of tho Mo nut M'Conneil Hotel, has gone from umang us. FUUM tho Cleveland Bay Express of the 4th ii i etan I, we take the following ;-Over 201) ounces of gold havo been brjught to town duiing thc week from the Cape Diggings, and reports are still favon ruble aa to the richi KB s of the tiela" . Wc lizard there hud been a rush to the UUck Mountain, hut of thia wa are not reliably informed,-A Inrge number of drayB hive left town during the week with rations etc for the diggings, when those arrive thora will be no ec i rei ty of provisions. Tin population ia ori'r 1000 ut present, uni require a good supply. An invitation to IT. R. 8. the Duke of fîdinhurgh to visit Rarutonga has been 'for warded for presentation to (Sir George Grey. The King (Mukcn) sending it, ou being asked in what style he would receive the Prince, said, " Why I wou'd give him a basket of ewret potatoes und tim, and u sucking pig,, mid then if ho was not pu i a (full) ho should have u basket of oranges/' The reply was, if he ate that »ve thought he would do very well.-Correspondent S. te. Herald. THE American demanda made ora Fiji arc far from beiug so lifcely to be settled, the hist ri«i( ; of tho " Tuscarora," ship of war. Captain Stanley, hus, however, left iliac kum bau with un ultimatum that unless by the Ut of May the 80,000 dollars, now PO long outstanding, be not, paid, the American flag would bc hoisted on the group. And we believe Thackambau ia nothing loth to encourage tho foreigner, as it puts a stop to the aggression of any ueighbouriug chiefs, ¡ and especially King George of Tonga. To this ! gentleman Captain Stanley explained lu s mind pre*ty freely, and left him with tho under- standing thu any movement ou bia part to ho?titiflo Fiji before the American demand was satisfied would bo visited on him in a simp and decisive manner. There is no doubt tho Americana would stop outside th* f mr comers of tue of islands forming so important a link in the Polynesian chain, and wh MI the lea ling chief's would quietly yield their claima.-S, JU. Herald. TUE Oladttone Ohseroer lews no doubt \ ! about it« opinions on Provin^iil Councils. In I tts first number it says :-A Government, the ' executive of wriich is situated so many h und roda of miteB away, cannot, and often wilt not, give to remote localities their due shara of attention. The system is wrong, and ia a grose perversion of tho spirit of the Constitution.* Were the men who administer immiculite wo doubt whether they could prevent remote districts from suffering. The present Ministry is un ad- mitted improvement on its predecessors ; but what can he eiTemed by a corrupt Government we know to our cost. It is evident that tbere is something wrong in the eyttera when even thc present Sliuistry can ref mo such a request as that of the GI-«detone Corporation. A chango is now beiug sought fir-an I sooner or later a dunce will take p1a«'e. An oquit.ihli" system of Pro vinci il C uinols is the »mly r«>mady for the thousand and one evils by which we are now b-'set. If the Bill nw leíore tho House liases into law, sr» far ns tliis di-tra<*t ii concerned the ch-mee mu*t undoubtedly '>r for the better. It matters not whether we have a Count il here or are tanked on to ßo;fc hampt'in, our position must be vastly im- proved. The only thing likely to j'opar diso the success of the syslem may pr vee I from the disheartening apathy which lus (»rt long been evinced by all i-ln-cs of colonists in connection with public a OT dr s No greater fdlncy ever etisted tuan that involved in the co mm ojn eicusen, *'t have no time," *' I must attend to my business." While peopl* are so exclusively busy ah mt their private con- cerns tho stilt** ship is left to the mercy or windi and waves, ¡md be^om^a H pray to fie first ban Í of adventurers who may come along. Then, when these adventurers and pol ¡tied eel IP nv rs have alt but wrecked the prosperity of thc colony, our bu-sy friends find that it wnidiu't have been a bad speculation to hay J given «om'' attention to tho conduct of the legislature. Hard times, we »re awn re, are not always to be charged to bnd legislation, but we hare no hesitation in alerting that the present position of Queensland is in no emili degree attributable to the recklessness of s- luMi »nd unprincipled rulers. We hold that no min de*cnvB to succeed in this colony, who shuts his ey**s i t th-? course of public «(Taire, One thing is certain, that thia district can never claim its proper polution while its residents are indifferent to it* requirements. The importance of the subject again compels us to urge as the first step to warda our rights-Registration. Ascertain our numbers - place th*m on the Hlector.d Boll, and then only shall we know the limite of our claims. ST. THOMAS AND TORTOLA..-Thc island of St. Thomas Hes about, thirty-eight miles east of Porto Rico, in latitude IS' 20* North, and longi- tude 64' 65' West. The greatest length cart and west is twelve miles, and the average bread th less than three unta. lt was one of the West India possessions of Denmark, lt hos a rugged and elevated surface, which attains its greatest height t »wards the centre, and descends some- times gradually but oftener abruptly to th . Bhore. ll was once well woodeJ, but is now almost bare, and from this cause suflVrd much I from a deficiency of rain ; nor is its soil fertile. The area under crop a few years ago was less than 3J00 *eres, half of which were planted willi sugar cane. The anchorage is extensive and generali v very secure, the op-ning to fl *a- ! ward being little more than a thousand yirds. ¡ St» Thomas was settled by the Danish West ! India and G nine* Companv, in 1071. In 1775 j the Company'« rights were conveyed to the . King, who threw open the port to vessels of all ? nations. In 1801 the island was given up to j Groat Britain., who bel J ir for ten month*, fi 1802 it waa restored t> Denmark. In 1807 it was, by capitulation, once more truisferred ». Great Britain, but in 1815 the Dan"* a-/a in ii" ctme matters of (he ¡«land. De imports ure <>.> ti mated at several million doll ur» p »r nnmim anti its shipping at several hun Ired thousand ton* not including the British mail steamers, fur whicli Water Island is now made the depot I'ortola is an Uland new to thu of St, Thomm lt belongs in fact ti the same croup, diseorere'l by Columbus in 1493, and called by him "Th Virgin Islea," in honour of the 11,000 virgins of the (loman ritual. lt is considere I the cai ul nt of the group. There is nothing in our recent new« to confirm tho statement that 10 OOO people had been destroyed at Tort da, althone there can be no doubt from tin particular which hire c>mo to haid that very «'HOM du»«?« has been sustuincd.-S. M. Herald January 3. TUE CKI-IB IN VICTORIA, AND ITS EFFECTS ON TH« SALAMES OF CIVIL SEIIVANM -On Saturday (says (ha Argus) a number of the Custom-house officers, and gent lemon in other departments of the public service, met with rather a cruel disappointment consequent upon the Judges' decision in the case of Alcock v. Fcrgie, Thc Treasury, it appeal s, has declined to satisfy any further claims for sa!*rv since the recout judgment of the Supreme Court, con- sequently all (hose officers who did not sue at once and get their certifie ites satisfied, aro now in the agreeable predicament of being minus nearly four months' income, with the pleasing prospect before them of an indefinite poriod of impecunioBity or intimate acquaintance with the money lenders of this city. EXTiMOUMNAtiT ArF\jn -The Melbourne Age, of Thu rid ay la*t. contains the following : A very étrange occurrence, as a local journal reports, took place ut Cockatoo about three weeks ago, and which deserves some notico. The wife of a respectable resident at that pince had been for some time in a weak state of health, and, on outlining medical a i vice, was pronounce i to ba enciente ; but such, it ñapeara, was not the cn BK, »nd the medical man must evidently have been deceived by aoine similar symptoms, as the event shows. At the time a*K>ve-mentioned, *he over-strained herself by lifting BO no heavy buckets of water from a fart, and feeling sick, went to a neighbour's, where she retched, and brought np from her stomach, with greit diifieu'ty, a living creature, ahout niue inches in length, <*f a white colour, and described us being half as thi»;k as her wrist, having no joints like a worm, but very active; so much so, that when touched, it threw up itt tail like a scorpion, while thc mouth wns in ort like that of n 1 iii rd's. Several til' the neigh hours saw the reptil-», and can vouch for tnt accuracy of the statement, and regret i* er presad tint it was buried, iiisteat of being sen' to ono of the medici) men for preservation The poor woman believes that another of tin same flpeeies ie nt ill in her stomach, from ll» move me its which are felt and the griping pair she experiences, and probably h id the creatun been properly examined hy a scientific man mc ms might have been devised for thc eradication of others of tho sort. Ono gentle man (a doctor) on hearing of the affair, sait that such ca*es wera not without precedent although rare, but. that science wan at fault as U the proper menus io be used in them. 