AMERICA. HICAGO has a world-wide reputation as one of the most prosperousnd progressive of American cities. It is much smaller than New ork, but it has all its vigour compressed in more limited 6pace. In 1860 the population of Chicago was 109,263, while for 1868 the population is estimated at 220,000. The assessed value of property in theity has within the same period grown from 37,053,512 dollars to 192,249,644 dollars, while the municipal taxation has risen from 373,315 to 2,489,245 dollars. Since the war began, Chicago has paid 4,628,392 dollars taxes to the Federal Government. During 1867' ublic improvements were made to the amount of 2,569,035 dollars (the amous lake tunnel for supplying the city with water being finished n the year), and by private enterprise 7,000 buildings, valued at ,000,000 dollars, were erected. The trade of the city for 1867 is stimated at 305,000,000 dollars; its railways received 12,000,000 ollars, and its amusements 583,450 dollars. Its manufactures for he year are valued at 77,000,000 dollars. These figures are, of course, maller than larger American cities can show; but no city of the population of Chicago can equal them. Its growth since 1860, whenthe fact is considered that the country was engaged in four years of war, is wonderful; and although the North in all parts has expanded and prospered during the past eight years, the expansion of Chicago - goes far beyond that of any other portion of the country, and even for America is unprecedented. THE Bostonians, from the tone of their newspapers, evidently feel very much the proof that they have lost their foreign trade afforded by the withdrawal of the Cunard steamers for want of support. The other American cities are correspondingly elated, as they always are when Boston meets with a misfortune. The Boston Traveller, anxious to be facetious in the midst of its sadness, says that" Mr. E. Cunard seems to look upon Boston with much the same dislike as did some of his countrymen who made a similar hasty departure not quite a century ago." To which The New York Journal of Commerce retorts, " Exactly, Mr. Traveller, and for the same reason; the Bostonians gave him more kicks than coppers." THE Boston Board of Trade has called a " Commercial Convention,"' to consist of delegates from all the Boards of Trade and Chambers of Commerce in the United States, to meet in Boston on the 5th of February. Its object is to consider the depressed condition of commerce, and the transportation interests of the country. THE Colt Patent Firearms Company at Hartford, Connecticut, has made a contract with the Russian Government for the manufacture of 30,000 Berdan rifles within eighteen months. They have also made a contract with the Prussian Government for 100 Gatling revolving cannon, and some of these guns are also to he built for Russia. THROUGHOUT the United States at the beginning of the New Tearthe working men submitted to a marked reduction of wages from ten. to twenty-five per cent., with scarcely a disturbance in am' part of the country. Trades Unions are powerless. There is scarcely strike now known to be in existence in any part of the country, and the employers completely control the labour market. Is Quebec, the difference between the shipbuilders and their men. on the question of reducing wages continues, but no disturbance of the peace has been lately reported. The Quebec Board of Trade has unsuccessfully attempted to mediate, and the shipyards will probably be closed altogether. LATKLT, in response to an advertisement of a New York dry goodshouse for an "entry clerk," six hundred applications were received during the day the advertisement appeared. M. DE BILT,E, the Danish Minister to the United States, has arrived at New York. There is a report that the Hon. John P. Hale, the- United States' Minister at Madrid, is to be transferred to Vienna. THE number of immigrants that have arrived at New York from January 1 to December 11, 1867, is 235,411, about ten thousand more' than during the same period last year. ALBERT SMITH, a freedman, has been appointed by General Pope a. ustice of the peace in Tuscaloosa county, Alabama. THE largest share of tlie emigration from the Continent of Europe to America continues to be from Germany. In 1867, no fewer than 74,000 persons left Bremen for the New World, the greater number of whom were from Bohemia and the Eastern provinces of Prussia, Ax New York, on the last night of the Old Year, Mr. Dickens read "David Copperfield" and "Bob Sawyer's Party" to a large.and brilliant audience. At the close Mr. Dickens stepped to the front' and said—" Ladies and gentlemen, I wish you, from my heart of hearts, a happy, happy New Year." This is the only speech Mr. Dickens has made in America. A RICHMOND journal, to show the literary character of someof the negroes who have been chosen delegates to the Virginia Convention, .giyes the following report of a Bpeech recently made in that Convention on the question of the employment of a stenographer, by the Hon. Lewis Lindsay, coloured. It says that the hon. gentleman is also a candidatefor Congress, and declares the vote to be verbatim. Mr. Lindsay said: -"Mis-tar Presi-dcnf,—I hope in dis late hour ob de struggle that Old Virginia have been imperilled that no free-thiukin' man can sup-posefor a moment dat we desires to misripersint de idee dat we cant qualify de ability of de sternography for dis convention. I hope evy good- thinkin' gentleman willobsarve de necessity of haying a stenography, an' dat dey will be willin' in de desire to gain de ability of de commonwealth of Ferginny to see dat de gentleman is justly de-sarve. I hope, sar, dat evy genterman will now see de necessity of bavin* dis- -stenogerphy, so dat we can then be able understand de principles of dar proposition." He certainly has the merit of brevity, for his • brother delegates of colour generally harangue for hours in this way. A MOVEMENT is on foot among the Diplomatic representatives of the -various South American Republics at Washington to hold a Congress in that city, or in New York, for, the purpose of forming a defensive alliance to resist European intervention in the affairs of any part of South America. IN California, Eugene Casserly, Democrat, has been elected United States' Senator to succeed John Conness, Republican. His term begins on the 4tli of March, 1869. 