LAND COMMISSION. Messrs Ligar and Morros, accompanied by Mr Wriggleswortli, government assistant-surveyor, and Mr T. ,Morres, of the district office, sat at the District Courthouse on Wednesday, for the purpose of dealing with some adjourned applications under the 42nd section of the Amending Land Act, and with some applications for areas within borough reserves. Unless otherwise stated, all applications below were recommended. It was stated that all the lots at Dean not applied for under the -12nd section would be ottered for sale forthwith, as requested by the settlers. Both Mr Ligar and the settlers complimented Mr Wrigglesworth on the ability with which he had managed to satisfy them all in the very difficult matter of the sub-division of lots and settlement of boundaries. Parish of Dean.—Peter Parrott, Ga 3r -3Gp; the applicant to have valuation for improvements on other land; Edmund Matthews, 2a lr Op; Thomas Stewart and James Rogers with him, to have conceded to them a road 25 links wide on the north-west side of their land; William Gamble, la 3r 7p; John Walton, 3a lr 2p; William Williams (no appearance), 2r lip; John Clark, 3r 29p, and, on his purchase of David Smith's right for 201, the additional area la 3r 30p; John Bree, la lr 17p, and, on the purchase of James Cork's right, lr 23p additional; George Bowman, la lr lip; William M'Lellan, 2a lr lOp, and, by purchase from William Bygrave, la 3r more; David Lewis, 'la Or 8p; James Bright, 3a 2r 22p, two areas in one; James Stevenson, Ga Or 17p; G. E. Wills, -3a 2r 17p. Palish of Bungaree,.—II. J. Downing, 3a 2r 12p; II. Beal, 9a 2r 3Sp; George Smith, 17a Or -lp; J. Tooli}-, •la lr Sp; T. Bohan, 4a lr 17p; R. Slattery, Ga Or 9p; H. S. Rice, Sa 3r 12p; T. O'Donnell, 19a 2r 31p. Parish of Moorabool.—Patrick Mungovan. Refused, and the lease of the land recommended to D. J. Lane, the second applicant for the area, 52a lr 32p. Parish of Buninyong.—Louisa M;ison, Ga 2r 2Gp. Ballarat East Reserves.—The mayor stated that the council was willing to compensate all persons who had located on reserves within tho borough before the reserves were gazetted, but the council held that none of those who had taken up areas within reserves after notice given of the fact of reservation were entitled to compensation. Reference was made first to the reserve near St. Paul's Church, at tho rear of Main, Barkly, and East streets, which was reserved in 1SC6. Sergeant Lamer stated that he had served notices twice upon the settlers there—once before and once after the gazetting of the reserve. Several of the settlers denied tho reception of notices, and they claimed compensation. Mr Finn appeared for some of the settlers. Mr Ligar said he presumed that all a lawyer could expect would be that the rights, if any, of the settlers would be saved in the transfer of the reserve to the corporation. Mr Finn said the reserve had been much improved by the settlers. Mr Ligar had seen the spot, but not improvements. Mr Rodier denied the allegations of right made by the settlers, and informed tho commission that the Danish Company had held the ground prior to the reservation, but the Government having omitted the gazetting, the ground had been jumped by some new bottlers, who sought compensation for a few sticks put in on purpose for compensation. The council was willing to give the value of bona fulc improvements, but not to give money to jumpers of reserves all over the borough. He had cautioned several that they would not have compensation, and should not throw their money away. Summarising his statements, Mr Rodier averred possession in the Danish Company till 1SGG, reservation of the ground in 1SGG, extent of Main street depths, formation of a way-right by the council, filling of dam and levelling ground by the council. Mr Price saidlie had occupation for twelve years, and was now registered. Mr H. Davie3 said he had held ground there for fourteen years, but he did not oppose the reservation. He proposed a wayright continuation at a certain point as a means of convenience to frontage holders there. He said Mr Price had actually more (at rear) than his frontage. Mr Burke said he had no notice, and did not live there. The mayor said Mr Burke was one of those who had a few sticks in tho ground. Mr Ligar said the best way was to make over the ground to the council, subject to the claims, if any, of settlers to compensation. Tho mayor said the council was willing to compensate all who had cottages on the ground, but the council would rather try in the Supreme Court the claims of those who had only put in a few sticks. Mr Ligar told Mr Burke he had but little sympathy with him as he had residences on the Main road and had made no improvements on the reserve. The Government had proclaimed the resorve at the council's request for public uses, and he deemed it his duty to advise the Government to go a step further and place the reserve under the absolute control of the council. Mr Finn asked how about the Dana street reserve. The mayor said the council had control of that already. Mr Finn suggested that Mr Ligar should go and see the ground where public enterprise had done a good deal and the council nothing. Mr Ligar quietly remarked that it was possible the "enterprise" was speculative. The matter then dropped, and the persons withdrew. |3The Scab Act.—Wednesday's Kiimorc Examiner thus writes:—The amount of evil which can be inflicted by an improperly considered Act of Parliament is very great. A report in another column will furnish a case in point, where a fine of .t'90 Gs was indicted by the iniquitous Scab Act. There were 90-3 sheep in the flock. and one of them, upon examination, proved to be scabby. Consequently, the whole wore condemned, because by the 22nd clause if one sheep is infected the whole ilock is held to be infected. Hero, then, is the hardship—a squctter may be as desirous as possible to prevent scab in his sheep, and may have caused them to be examined for that purpose. Beiii" satisfied with the result of his inspection, he may go away feeling sure that there is no sign of scab among his sheep.' A week afterwards the Scab Inspector may pay him a visit, demand his sheep to be rounded up, and may possibly find one in which scab may have appeared after the owner's inspection. The inspector's duties are imperative, and the unlucky owner must submit to the fine. There is another point to be complained of, and wo hope amended, viz., that the offence is viewed criminally, thus rendering it impossible for the squatter to say a single word in defence. By this act the squatter who adopts every precaution is placed upon a similar footing with the owner who never troubles himself to keep his sheep clean. The Scab Act, with a few important alterations, would bo a boon to the community, but in its present state it is a standing grievance. Ostriches in* Victoria.—The ostrielios at route for Mr S. Wilson's station on the Winiinera, passed through Ararat yesterday morning. The driver in charge appeared to take a great deal of care of his curious cargo, and probably the immigrants or transports would have passed quietly enough through tlie town, but that they reared their heads through the bars of their prison, and at once attracted attention. The birds look to be quite vigorous, and to be possessed in an eminent degree of the characteristic appetite and digestion. Some of the knowing ones J fear that the wire fencing will put too sudden a°i)eriod to the waaderuiga of the strangers.— ■Advertiser, 12th | May. 