Ofre &ßimcß iülornms jß?cralö. TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1869. M. Julian 'Kl'a'cíko ñas produced a series of striking articles ~on the Preliminaries of Sadowa, valuable as tracing the diplomacy which it terminated.( Our readers are fairly acquainted with the joint proceedings of Austria and Prussia in the affair of Denmark. Un that transaction the moral judgment of the world has been already sufliciently pro- nounced. It was in its later phases a question of "the wolf ( and the lamb." Denmark troubled the waters oi ambition, and the Duchies were obtained by a process which certainly no man would imitate in private life and expect to be accepted in society. Assum- ing, however, that it was right and proper that Germany should war with Denmark, and that Schleswig and Holstein should be the pri?e, it was natural to look back on the alleged object of the war when tiiey came to settle the dispute with respect to its pro- prietorship, and to secure the sacred rights of members of the German Confederation. Haiing, however, conquered in its name, and obtained possession, the two great Ger- man Powers threw off the German Bund, or third party, whom they professed originally to represent, and occupied Schleswig and Holstein as joint proprietors. Holstein was to he under the Government of Austria, and Schleswig was to be adminis- tered by Prussia. These arrangements were regarded as temporary by Austria, who intended to carry out the idea of the Bund. Prussia never had any other intention, than io appropriate the conquest to itself. , The first question was-To whom did this country properly belong ? If to the Duke of Augustenberg, then the duty of the con- querors was to restore to him his inheritance ; if not, to whom was it to descend ? This question was referred to the Syndics of Berlin that is to say, a Court subject to the influence of M. Bismark. That august body decided that the original cause of quarrel with Denmark was unfounded, so far as the proprietorship was concerned, and that the Duchies were, by a treaty of 1862, to which Prussia and Austria were parties, the possession of the Danish Crown. What was to be the inference from this? The Syndics determined that the Danish power, haung fought with Prussia and Austria, the right of war had given possession to the conquerors. Still there remained the diffi- culty of separate appropriation. M. Bis- marck was determined to obtain from Austria, by some means or other, the sole proprietorship, and made, therefore, an offer of money to secure the possession. This being refused, correspondence commenced, in which Austria was charged with stirring up a democratic spirit, encouraging faction, al- lowing meetings to be held in hostility to the views of Prussia; in fact, acting utterly in opposition to its traditional policy, which was in the highest degree conservative. Austria, of course, was filled with marvel at the nature of the charge; but the correspondence pro- ceeded until Bismark had wrought himself into a sufficiently virtuous condition, when he threw upon Austria the responsibility of con- sequences-the last word of men who dare not discuse or defend what they do. Many will remember the statements in the papers of the meeting of the King of Prussia and the Emperor of Austria, and how fondly they embraced each other in public, just at this point in the history of their affairs. The King of Prussia is ¡an aged man-a man of high Conservative opinions, and a bel»'»*"»* ia. Hie un me rignt of kmgB. it is said that throughout, his conscience wrestled strong and hard with Bismark, and that he was unwilling to consent to his scheming devices, which at the last moment were likely to fail from the repugnance of the King. The most interesting part of the affair, how- ever, is the manner in which M. Bismark managed Italy and France. Having visited certain baths at Biarritz, he met the Emperor of France ; and it is assumed by our author that the most confidential inter- course took place between them. It was agreed on the part of France to observe a " benevolent neutrality." The war being enterprised at the right moment the Emperor was to appear with propositions of readjustment. These comprehended the union of Venetia with Italy and the round ttiff off" of Prussia by the absorption of States on the Elbe. Austria was to be assisted by the transfer of countries belong- ing then to the house of Branden- burg, formerly in her possession. France waa to be compensated, both directly and indirectly j but nothing was distinctly expressed, i since . .the disinterestedness of her mission ,vyas to be one grand element of her moral power. Thus, taking no,'activo part an the war in ,the first instance, it was expected that France would accomplish the great change in the map of Eui ope. i"The plan," observes the writer, "did not lack a ,lrue greatness-to complete an Italian unity-to render to Ausfria a patrimony unjustly taken from her ; to constitute Prussia a strong power of the North, homogeneous and well defined as a barrier against Russia ; to raise the importance , of the secondary States of the Hhino ; lo neutralise the line of German fortresses on the Rhine-and all this without wounding Hie legitimate principles and sentiment^, j As, for himself, he was to exhibit great disinter- estedness, and to obtain all , without1 even drawing the sword. , AU was "to be secured by moral force alone. , Such was \he sublime vision whiqh was exhibited with the clearest 'evidence in the imperial letter of,M. Dkouyn he L'htjys on.llth June, 1866." , , ¡t \ ¡ , Out to bring it all about was a matter.of .extreme difficulty. Bismark acquired and de- served ,a reputation as the first diplomatist of his age in passing over all the difficulties in.-the way to realise his' project. To obtain the "benevolent neutrality" of France was the first and grand object. The next was to form an alliance with Italy without being too far committed. This was effected after much seciet negotiation by a treaty headed " offen- sive and defensive," and which was under- stood by Italy to bind both parties to become partners in the war. Great distrust of Bismark seems to have been entertained by the Italian statesmen, and it was haid indeed to hold him fast by any absolute engagement. " Go to war," 'he said, " and we will watch over you." But .'when in a short interval of doubt, war seemed more perilous to Prussia, Bismark pointed the Italian Ministers to a singular omission in the Treaty, the head of which was " offensive and defensive," but the body containing no direct engagement and leaving I Prussia free lo act or not. Another change came over the councils of Prussia. Italy was urged to hasten her .preparations, which made it necessary for Austria to collect her troops in the Venetian forti esses. This was precisely what was required to en- able M. Bismark to charge Austria with preparing for war against Prussia-an angry controversy, in which there was no particle of sincerity, and, consequently, every day assumed a new phase, but always tended towards the grand result. When the plot was completed the States on " the Elbe were captured almost without a struggle, and the forces' of the monarchy were directed to those fatal heights where the arms of Austria were met with a sudden and terrible overthrow. Seven days settled the war, partly by the needle-gun, but more by the utter miscalculation ' of the Austrian General, for there was one half-hour when the fate of Germany was in his hands, and when all the projects of, Bismark would have been destroyed. No one saw this more clearly than the great Prussian statesman, and, according to our author, he had prepared to commit suicide if 'fortune should have given victory to the enemy! "Whether this be true or not, certainly no man would have fallen lower in the estimation of his countrymen, who, after all, were dragged into this war against their will, and whose moral sense it has been most difficult to overcome even by success itself. The most memorable result, however, was the utter defeat of the projects of France. The too great success of Prussia entirely destroyed the functions Napoleon had reserved for himself. He was no arbitrator, for victory had declared herself without him, and he found to his dismay (a dismay thoroughly acknowledged in the first months after tho victory), that France had lost her moral authority in Europe. It was his firm belief that nothing but a French army could conquer an Austrian, the next greatest military force in the world. The defeat of Prussia was, therefore, expected by Natoleon, or a long continuance of war, when a mediator would have been necessary, and thus the office of a common friend would have been one of usefulness and glory. But the work was done, and France stood aghast with a rival at her door, towards whom she has often felt anything but the sentiments of friendship. It is from this springs the vast armaments of France at the present moment, the attitude of Europe, and the prospect of another great war to restore an equilibrium which the battle of Sadowa utterly destroyed. The Report of the Trustees of the Sydney Grammar School for the year 1867 is amongst the Parliamentary papers recently laid upon the table of the Assembly, It is practically the official report on what is called in England "Middle class education," for the endowment of the Grammar School is all that the Government does in this way. The other grammar schools in the colony being all either private or Denominational establishments, and not publishing any de- tailed account of their affairs, we are not able to make comparisons as to the number of pu- pils, and the relative cost of this kind of education. The dissensions that existed among the staff of masteis at the Grammar School were matters of public notoriety. That dissension has now ended, the school is again recover- ing from its depression, the trustees report. that its discipline and efficiency are most satisfactory, and the examiners lately spoke in high commendation of the proficiency shown by the pupils. So far all is satisfactory. But the balance ' sheet attached tn the report shows that, as a direct financial speculation, the school is not a success. Under the same conditions of outlay and income any piivate institution would be hopelessly insolvent. ' - The total amount received from pupils is £1008. This is only about half' what is wanted to pay the masters, to say nothing of the incidental expenses. The salaries and allowances of the ten teachers, ©f whom four are only occasional, amount to £2029 11s. 7d., and a further sum of £397 5s. is allowed to three of the masters out of the capitation fees. Then miscellaneous expenses amount to £194 3s. lOd., and repairs and improve- ments to £105 7s. Altogether, the excess of expenditure; over income for the year 1867 amounted to over £1600. Then, too, the building is free, and this contains the school premises, besides residences for three masters and the janitor. The rental of the whole block probably could not be put at less than £600, making the annual cost of the school to the country £2200. The number of boys during the first quarter was 53, the second quarter 55, the third quarter 54, and the last quarter 65. The average being >56£. The cost to the country, therefore, of the education of each boy at the Grairimar1 School "is about £38. There . is nothing to complain of in this, provided the money, is spent on some dis- tinct and intelligible principle. .'The University does not pay Us way, the Public schools do not pay their way, and why should the * National .Grammar School . be expected to pay its way ? But an inquiry is naturally suggested as to the precise function oT the National Grammar School and the relations of the State to ."middle class education" generally.i or, as it would probably be more appropriate to call it in this country, " mid- dle-grade education." In many European countries the State con- cerns itself with education in all grades, be- si ginning with the alphabet class and ending with, the University. Mr. Matthew Arnold, who is greatly smitten with ' the Continental style, is labouring hard to convince his own countrymen that this is the right plan, and is endeavouiing to persuade them to trans- form all private grammar schools into public institutions. He has a hard task before him,, and yet-there are some things in his iavour, for the tendency is towards the State increasingly concerning itself with education. In this colony the State began by assisting Denominational schools, it then went on to establish National Schools, and now it seems as if the Jatler would swallow up the farmer. It will soon have the whole primary education of the country on its hands. Then it has provided for .University education, the only competitors with it in that branch being the Affiliated Colleges, and they are the creatures of the State and enjoy an endowment. For middle-giade education it has done nothing but establish the Sydney Grammar School. For the other schools of the same class in the country, there is no assistance and no inspection. Is this a logical position? Is it a permanent arrangement? Is it based on a definite principle? Is it doing too much or too little? There have been frequent complaints,> both in Parliament and out of it, that, the fees of the Grammar School are' too high, and that a poor boy cannot go¡ there, however much he may have distinguished himself at the Public .school. , Partly to meet ibis complaint the fees, have been reduced by the trustees from £18- to £16 for the Upper School. Still further to . meet the wants of poor but clever boys, the trustees have resolved annually to admit three boys to a free education in the school-such boys to be called Foundation Scholars. They are to be selected after a competitive examination, regard being had to their ages and abilities, and the probabilities of their deriving advantage from a liberal education, and their i parents or guardians must be unable to pay the school fees. In this way boya from the Public schools may be passed forward to the Grammar School, and from there on to the University. ' . t" > An arrangement of this kind »gives' the Grammar School pro tantoi a definite, place in the educational machinery of the ? colony. And the new regulation thus tentatively introduced may perhaps be the first step in a process the ultimate result of which Would be a change in the position of the school. For, supposing there are more than three boys in a year from the Public schools fit to do justice ' to the Grammar School education, is there to be no provision for '.them ? It is obvious that if a larger demand be made on the school in this way it will have to be met. Ultimately it will have to throw open its doors to all of this class who press to come in. And in proportion as it relieves the elite of the Public schools, and becomes the intermediate stage between the primary school and the University, it will become part and parcel of our general system of public education, and will come gradually under the control of the Council of Education. In that case it will no longer be the endowed rival to the private grammar schools, but the State school for thuse who luokrto the State for-^f their education. Council or Education.-Tho first mooting of the Council of Education since tho now appointments was hold , yrstordny, « hen Mr. Parkes was ro-oloctod Prosïdcnt for tho year I860. Wo understand tint Mr. Parkes was in favour of tho election of Professor Smith, but that gentleman declined, nnd expressed ii desiro to support tho re-election that hog taken place. Fitoi i ssoit Smith.-This gentleman hns boen ro-ap pointcd a member of tho Council of Education for a period of four j cars, as prescribed by tho Public ¡Schools Act, tho appointment dating from the 1st instant. DEATH of THE REV. MR. TURNER.-We regret to announce the death of the Rev. G. E. Turner, which took place yesterday, shortly before 11 o'clock, at the parsonage, Ryde, where he has resided for the last thirty years. The deceased gentleman, besides fulfilling his duties as a clergy was, a very active member of the, Museum, and was well-known in scientitic circles here. Among his immediate friends and parishioners, the loss of the rev. gentleman will be severely felt. The funeral will take place at Ryde, this afternoon at 3 o'clock. Tur. ItE^. Thomas Bmitii.-It will bo seon by our nd vcrtibing columns that this highly-cstcoinsdclcrgyniansails to-dny, in tho Nourinahal, for England. Two steamers ha\e"bcen engaged to accompany the ship to sea, so that tho rev. gentlemen'h friends may u\ail themselves of the opportunity ot bidding him good-byo. St. Maiu's Puo-Cathemual.-A meoting was held last ovemng, in St. Frances Church, Campbell-street, for tho purpobo of raising funds for tho erection of anothor temporary cathedral. Tho Kow Mr. Sheridan prosidod, Archbishop Polding being unavoidably absent. Tho meet- ing was addressed by Mr. John Barlow, Mr. M. Farrell, Mi. L. Bergin, and other gentlemen. The handsome sum of £203 9s. vas contributed. New Masonic Hall, Civil House.-It will bo within the recollection of our readers that, some months sinco, tho directors of tho Masonic Hall Company (limited), in- vited architects to send in designs for a building, to bo erected on tho site of the hotel, in York-street, in front of tho Hall ; tho first prize was awarded to Mr. B. Backhouse, architect, then of Brisbane, now of Belmore-chambers, George-street, in this city ; tenders were called for, and tlio work is now proceeding under the personal direction and management of tho architect. Tho following is a briof description of tho intended new structure :-The basement (on n level with Market-lane in the rear) is devoted to servants' rooms, offices, and cellarago; tho principal or ground floor (on a lovel with York street) hns nn entrance on the right to tho present large hall and lodge-rooms on tho second floor, and on tho extreme left to tho clubhouse. It may bo remnikod that tho arrangements aro such that the part of the building te bo used for Masonic purposes is so arrangod that easy communication is effected from tho club houso to this part, at tho samo timo admitting of perfect isolation therefrom. Between tho entrances abovomontioned aro coifee, breakfast, and dining rooms, oach 25 feet x 14 ftot, united by loldmg doors, making a room 42 feet x 25 feet; at tho rear of thee« aro wo IlightB of stairs, ono lo lodge rooms, and another to first floor of club house ; from thenco to tho back, a distance of tomo 80 feet from York- Btrect, tho building is divided by a entro court, having a balcony round, and glass roof above, In one v. ing aro pn\ ato bar and hilliard rooms, tho latter 27 feet x 20 feet ; in tho other wing aro parlours. On tho fir^t floor, excluBiNcly dovotod to the club house, aro 14 bedrooms and two parlours fronting York-street. On the second floor aro two lodge-rooms 45 feet x 20 foot, two supper rooms capnblo of being mado into ono, having folding doors, GO feet x 17 feet, and tylers* rooms, candidates' rooms, &c.; Tho various rooms aro to bo woll lighted, and great enre has been taken to eecuro thorough ventilation. Provision has been mado for a lift from tho basement lo the supper and in- termediate roonib. Altogether tho arrangements aro vory completo, and likely to contrast in a vory marked manner with tho Bullocnting rooms tho Craft havo now to meet in. Theuit is proposed to remodel and improve the HaUgenorally ob Boon as tho new premises, contracted to bo completed within eightmonths, aro ready for occupation. The front to York-street is in tho Italian stylo-pierced with 24 oponings and surmounted with a noblo comic» and parapot. IlnAiir.i.1, Newton, und Lamb wish to call purticalar attention to their sale, this day, of household furniture, piano by Murphy, glassware. &c.; at 11 o'clock, at tho rcsldcnco of F. Palmor, lisa,.. No. 1, Glebe Heights, Glebe Hoad.-Ans. John 0. Coben bcgB to direct attention to hU sales, at the Bank Auction RoomB, this day, at 11, of Invoices of Morgan's Alto«, ? glassware, wine glassware, tumblers, show glasses, &o.-Anv.; - I It. V. bToiins and Co"ülroot attention to tho salo of nour I nt the Booms, at 11 o'clock; also at the Argjlo Bond, of bulk |, beer, at 11 ; and at the Circular, Quay, of slates, at 3 o'elook. Auv. _IVÍ_±_._ Tkebehmii Bril -Ycslcrdnj, nt 11 o'clock, a number -of tho captains of ships in harbour, with others interested, met lit Most« Bniron and Austins store, to open soven half pound 1ms of raw beefsteak, pi eiicrv ed by Mr Mnn 'ning's piocCEF lheio vero two tins opened The contents of ono tin bad been prefencd for eleven weeks, und ono lin for seven months It wob grilled at Pilfolds, Kojal Admiral Hotel, nnd eaten at Barron and Austin's atoros, nnd pronounced and certified to as equal to any butcher s ment Ibero wa« nKo shown one tin, Hie contents having been kept exposed to sun, night mr, i.c , for twelve months It is tlioufcbt (lint this presen ed beef ma> prove equal (o nny clnss of presen ed meats, and uUmialelv do nwnj ton great extent, with sall 1 cef for ships, subo lui Colomai Mers run-Ino Jnnunrv number of this periodical is to hand Its contents compuse four chapters, with nn illustration, of " Long Odd«, ' a paper on " Bights and Liberties, " Jly Tuend s Tiresido. No 2 of "Australian Literature, in which the poems of Kendall oro criticised, tho conclusion of the ' Graves b) tho 'Willows," a second ni licit, plentifully mtor i spersed willi Greek, on the "Cicndi," and a iurjit (sketch entitled "A Cruise in n Coaster' Iho most imporlnnt, bocnuso dealing with political ques- tions, is tho discussion (we belie\o for the first | time, in this mnga/mt), of the lights and liberties of , the neople Tbo author apologises for introducing tho 1 subject, at onco gets rid of his dillidencc, and dashes boldlj ognmet whnt ho concones to bo nn infringement of public Tights, declare-* thnt m thcorj tlio Constitution provides for 1bo liboilj of all, but pructitnll} it throws all the power of tbo State into tho hands of a bare numerical miijont), lending, ve presume, lo tho inference that tho mnjontj .etnipl) ley luto for theincohes regardless of those whom ""ibex o\crpower by their votes-the minority lhe recent nltcrntion in tho 42nd clause of the Lnnd Act, bj which extensive pow ers aro giv en to ono man, and this nlteratiun bropght nboutby what tho writer tenus ' n departmental vlasc" is a proof that legislators who permitted such a law to pass oro unfit tobo trusted with tho liberties of their con stituents It is contended thnt while presumably certnin rights aro conferred bj this alteration, w h itovcr benefits mny arise aro onlj obtainable by fnvoui. Iho arbitrary suppression of lotteries for charit- able purposes is aira re¿nrded ns ¡i public .wrong, tho Supreme Court lmwng decided that such lotteries do notuolnto tilt Act which forbids gamas of chance, the ncUon taken bj tbo Attornoj General m 'harassing tho promoters at tho public expense after these Tights ha\o been nfllrmcd bj the highest Court, is a gnovance which requires redress T he greater portion of ino paper ib devoted to nn attack on thoso who have been -instrumental in stopping Sunda} trains, eulogises tho *' threo cornered constituenoj principle, and concludes bv nn allusion -t out of placo wo think-to a contro\ersy between a popular di\ino and the lending journnl of Melbourne, on tho subject of Science nnd Sermons," m which nmnj will fail to seo tho connection of " rights and liberties ' with a purolj personal disputo, because, being snnplj a matter of opinion hexond the operation of law, and theieforc involving no p nalties, it cunnot interfere with ono or tho other So\or ion Home ami Schooi -Mr J C Fisher, singing master to the Council ot Lducation, has composed n series of son^s for equal %oices, undor tho nbovo title, on tho tonic sol fa principle Iho subjects chosen aro simple and prettj, and wo doubt not the music ib suitable iho book is Min neath printed, nnd dedicated to the teachers in -the Public nnd Denominational schools of Now South , Wales. r The "\ ohinteehs ion î<fw Zfalam) -Iho Volunteers sent o\er to Wellington from Molbourno and other places, setm to have acted (-omonhnt strnngolj, according to tho Wellington papers, which sa> -"iho coBstnbularj recruits who nrrn ed hero by the Alhambra ond Airedalo left for Wanganui on Saturday They looked "a xerj iino body of men as thoy marched up to the militia ofiico in tho forenoon, but thej gavo ainplo proof of their rowdj cbarncter before thej ltft in tho ovenin.r. "Thej bad been billeted at the Lmpiro Hotol, and, ni parent]) nwnro that thero aro no grog rations at the ¡Front, the} wero determined to have a good 'drunk' before leaving Ibis laudable intontion thoy fully carried, out, nnd when tbo hour of embarkation approached verj few of them wero in » condi- tion to traverso unaided tho short distance between the -Empire and tho wharf /The sceno m tho vtcmilj of the hotel was exlrnordranrj I boro must hav o been at least 110 men in various stages of intoxication Soma were per fectlj helpless, some inclined to maudlin sentiiiientalitj, but the majority inclined to bo combative Tree fights seemed to bo popular, ana, as few of the patrons of that species of amusement wero phjsicillj able to do much hann, the results woro moro ridiculous than dangerous There were, howover, Beverul serious cisualties, in the clothing line, but this did not much matter, «3 there was, of couri-o, a no» suit of uniform . ready to bo donned when enoe landed in Wanganui No ¿ono in particular seemed to bo in command, nnd not a Bingle officer was present Several cabs wero pllod into requisition to conxej our gallant defenders 1othowharf( .mid on these they wero piled up in tho most surprising , manner, a good many coming to grief, and rolling off L beforo thej had gone many jnrds At tho wharf, Major M'Barnet uns superintending tho cmbarkntion, and it wis -woll that bo was thero, for one of tho men, either less drunk or moro viciaus than his comrades, or elso fancying ( that he had actually armed on the field whero they no doubt burn to distinguish themselves, drow hiBjkmfq, and was about using it m nn hinpleasantlj energetic mannor on _ those around him, when ho was pinned bj Major M'Barnet, the knife wrested from bun, ana ho himself transferred to the care of the police ' The Ivaikouha -Our New Zealand files state that tho cases of small pox w hich occurred on board tho Panama mail steamer Ivaikoura arose on board tho steamship Tasmania, between Southampton and Colon Thero wero twenty-nine passengers for Now Zealand, all of whom w ero placed in quarantine at Wellington Tatteiisali. s -The settling on tho Now Years Day *'Kaco Meeting, m Melbourne, took place in the long-room , of Tattersall s Hotel last night, when all engagements vero promptly met The nttendanco of mombors of tho club was numerous ana thora was a good deal of specula- tion on the Sjdney Gold Cup The Barb was supported at ""lOO to 12 Glencoe at the same price, and 100 to 14 was oflered about lim Whifller 100 to 7 was wanted about Bulgimbar, but 100 to 9 was the best offer ngnmst him 1C0 to 7 xvns offered against tho Duke, but the takers would not go be j ond 100 to 6 A fair amount of business ?was done in doubles-the St Leger and Cup-at prices voijing from 100 to 4 to 100 to 1, My Dream, Tho JJ uko, *. and Marksman being the mOBt fancied for tho formor, and ^Tnu Whiffter, The Barb, Glencoe, Italian, and Bulgimbar, foi the latter It was onnounccd in tho room that tho i J3nrb hnd been struck out of the Launceston Champion Knee Ike Oïdium Disr-ASE-The QttcemlamJet says that if ^the statements m reference to the uno disenso (oií/i«»i " Tucka ii) which nppe ired in the journal of tho Now South Wales Agricultural ¡society of December lo, aro under tho outhontj of the secretary of that institution, Mr Joubortl thenha\o we to eav that Mr Joubert takes and gives credit to bimBclf and tho society whero no such credit is duo It ' will surpriso not a few of our une growers to learn that this 60cictj, which uiuiB nt a lending position in the agri- cultural aflnira of Austialin, should urgo upon tho publia tbnt from its committees carno the warnings in regard to the nature of the oïdium, and that its sccrotorj, Mr Joubert, is th« man who invented tho appliances for ohook " nig the du-eaee Very good caro is taken that tho natura of theso appliances is not made public Wo can surmise tho reason, and state, at the same time that before the Agricultural Society of New South Wales had on existence, or Mr Joubert was tho secrotarj of the said socioty, that tho oidtuin Tuckoin was known in Queensland, (ought in Queensland, and beaton in Queens ' bind We do not say this in any captious spmt hut with an earnest desire to stop a " bouncing habit ' into which this societv is too evidently drifting, and to give honour where honour is duo Threo vom» ngo tho disease was observed here, and shortlj of lei Mr Charles Coxen fully « explained its nntnro, and With Mr Johnston, of Bulimba, and othei ¡.cntleioen, set earnestlj to work with sulphur, lime, road dust nnd other sobstnnces to check its progress Mr Crib of Brisbane, wo bolie\e, w is the first man in "^Australia to bung tho sulphuring bellows into uso, Mr Hockings foen followed x\ ith another pattern Tho ov ents happened at a limo when tho Sjdnej Parliament was ï legislating with the object of pre\ enting iinj grapes, grape «.rvines, or eiapo vme cuttings of Queensland growth from entering the territory of îsew South Wales ScAucm oi Wateh at Bathuist - Tho prolonged \- drought (snj s the 'innes of Saturdnv) is beginning to bo . felt sovorelj, even m tho tolln, many of tho wells having become dn nnd the inhabitants compelled to parohoso water for domestic Ph -poses During the Hst few dajs water carls hnvo been pljing about the upper parts of the own, and have done a vcrx good trade It is to bo hoped \- »lint their services will not ho required much longei Tho Macnuario E.ver is now dry ra. several pHces, and it is stated thnt it has not been vu such a condition foi the last ^twentj-fivejenrs-Th« Wellington coirespondcnt of tho Euc r,css lamonts in the following strain -Nowheat.no corn, no grass, no -vegetables, tho prospect of very littlo fruit, and no moncj, is at present our melancholy position, owing to tho intense heat and drought of four succesi I sue seasons It is pitiable to see the miserable state of .the poor sheep travelling through, Hock after Hook, many ot thom so thin that'heir coleases appear scarcoly able to hold the feeble spark of life left in thom It is to be hoped l thnt a few gaod showcis mnv fall beforo tho close of fcunimer, or the roots of the gines and herbago will bo1 entirely destroj ed 1 ho roads aro cut up into dust canals, tmdcverj passing team or flock of sheep raises a cloud thntmnj be seen for miles co\ ermg our houses, oursch es, and our eflecfs w ith a portion of tho ro id ground into dust finer than flour In moderntelj moist seasons the crops of wheat giownin this district bax o been enormously heavy,! nnd no part of tho colon} « ould bo moro fertile Aero mois- ture supplied by artificial meanB, in tho ubsenco of ram J he Late B*m. Boihiehi <lt BitAimv ood -Tom my Coolej and Jockej Bongei, two aboriginal natives, re- manded from last week on the chnrgo of passing a cancelled ±1 noto lately stolen from tho Joint Stock Bank, Braid- wood, w ei o again brought up on the charge I ho only otheri evidence produced (sajs the Dispatch) was that of Mr «Cahill, tho publican, and Mr Gillham, tho manager of tho fi n ^ Reformer deposed to having received the noto , Iran Tonimj Coolej, for which ho gavo him its valuo as a »good note m Fihcr Bongcr was present, and paid him Gd which ho owed him, ho (witness) had no suspicion of tho1 Troto being a bad one , the reason whj ho changed it was -to get tho Gd that Benger owed him Mr Gillhnni deposed, to the noto being ono of thoso stolen from tho »nnk, nnd.;)»as sure it waa not an old cnneellod note.! 1 nsoners w ere di'chnrged for tho want of evidence. ! Sv> au own,O A Sovereign - Tho Wanga Wagga Adtcitiici states- that a rather singular lons- 0$ capital/is leportcd in "Wednesday's pohco piocoedmgs J/*o men, hy naroo iboronB und Johnson strancers to each Qthcr, ttut pitied up n hm acquaintanceship which thoy proceeded!lo ttincnt in sundry pots of half nnd half Bj somo mtana not satisfactorily accounted foi, a sovcieign bebngmg,!) 1 be nins who is an old lunn, got into his fnends pint of biet Ivot taring to recognise that, or probabh aay other, dcFtnption of 6 i\in(,s' bank, tho old man dtsircd noxiously to vuthdiaw thcdcpo«it, bu before ho had time to present n cheque the manager closed tho account by ' totting up' tbo bnliinco and dttlnnng that (hero wero no assets ltft Hie old mau being ndv creo to this method of liquidating a bnlnnct and not liking to see his capital swallow ed up in this practical way gn\t Johnson into custody It became n question, then, how to icco\cr tho stolen prcpeity nobody ectms to have thought of on emetic which mifjit possibly havo induced tbo gold-eatti to disgorge Ins ill ¡,ot turns, and Iho prisoner was thereupon, -what the Bo\oroign was nut- difccbiire,ed Iiil Diioet ht o\ the Dahiinc -The Waqr/a Wagon Adititmi s correspondent presents the following un- pleasant pictuio -"îvonews of ram h»\ing fallon over the Dalling country inspires us with fre«h apprehensions as to the deplorable condition of the district Many sheop ba\o been turned adrift and nro wandering shephcrdloss and in a vi etched state, across the and plains lho rising dust becomes incorporated with tho lletto and destroys (ho libre of the wool lo Buch an extent does this obt un that woha\o seen a dirty, dustj lletto removed from a shoop's buck which, when weighed, diew the ecale at 2o lbs rio amount of washing could altogether remedy this Should no ram fall withm tho ne\t three months, it is not hard to predict the futo which awaits tho capital sola\ishly in- vested hcietofore m a country which can only viold a suc- cessful îetura under certain conditions, that is to say when the seasons nie inure than favouiablc, and prices aro some- thing considerably high« than bin o been ruling lately, whtthir it bo for llceco or calcase ' A 1)fi louaiilf Cam -A caso of what is gonorally belicvtd to havo been a most heartless and unnatural child desertion, was brought to light in our Pohco Court, Wagga Vt afcgn, on Wednesday I our miserable httlo children (sajb the J)j»cm>), tho oldest scarcely eight, the y ungost not noro than two years of age, wero brought boforo tho Court by the polico tor piottttion Tho mother of tho children, Ann Confroy, is woll known in this town Her husband is dead, and sho has latterly b»en liv ing upon a selection of 40 acres of land on tho Cuddoll Creek, near f,nrandcra On tho 31st of last month sho nppoared at tho land ollico here, lad transferred her solection to Mr W. Gannon, and having received her monoj,left thooflice, say- ing the would seo a doctor about Boniothing that was the matter w ith her hand 1 ho next thing heard of her w as that she wns on her way down tho river in compony with a man named Owtn M'Entyre lho horne thoy woro trnv cllmg with got aw ay, and this delny ed thom for a daj, but alter the recovery of the horse thoj started on ngain, and sinco then the pair havo nover beon heard of Tho poor children wero in tho meantime left upon tho Belection, m the house of tbo mother, a miserablo shed of a hut without a roof Ihcy had no food, and almost as httlo clothing, two of the children running about absolutely naked A man who vi as living at hand, took compassion upon the poor little deserted creatures, who looked moro like wild animals than human beings, and fed thom for a week, and then word was sent into the polico at Nnrandera, and a constable carno out and took thom in charge, and brought them up to Wngga Wagga When ho went to theic miserable homo not a morsel of food was to bo found m tha place, two of the children wero half naked, the other two quilo so, and tbo w hole of thom bo filthy and embrowned that no one would over havo taken them for tho offspring of Europeans lho children were remanded to the gaol foi a wetk, m tho courso of which it ib hoped that tho mother will be found It is possible that soino acoidoni ma) hav e happened to her, and that but for this sho would lniniedi itely have returned lo htr children, but when a woman sets off on a journoj of seventy miles, and delibe- rately leaves four helpless children bohind her in n roofless hut, and without food or clothing, thoonlv inference to bo deduced is, that she has heartlessly deserted them VlOIENT II All StOHM AND DESTRUCTION Ot FrG i ertv at Di ultu-On Wednesday afternoon (siys tho l)i patch), about half-past 2, tho wtather (which during the daj had been \ el j close) suddenly changed, and a Heavy wind commenced to blow It continued for about ten minutes, when it was succeeded by a shower of hail- stones, which fell fast and furious for somo timo Most of tho stones wero as lar^o as marbles, and the novelty was such-for a hailstorm ib a rarity in thooo parts-th it somo amused themselves picking them up and consuming thom, thus enjoying what is -very unfrequcnt hero in summer, a Iced of ice Is o soonti had the hailstorm subsided than heavy rain set in lho water cuno down in torrents, und one could hardly seo across tho street tho min clouds blew so thickly Tor twenty minutes tho water poured with surprising volume, At about tbreo o clock, Iho storm subsided, but so violent and heavily nnd tho ram lallen during tho short time it lasted, that tho streets wero covered with water lho Hats at tho back of tho town towards the racecourse w¿re also under w atcr Somo damago was done during tho storm The Catholic church, in Mncquario-street, was blown right down Tho building, which was n wooden structure, had been erected about sixteen j ears 1 ho altar fumituro and vcBtment case that wero in it wero fortunately uninjured lho hailstorm has, we fear, played havoc with tho fruit crop An Imhm-nt oi the Drought-lho Molong cor- respondent of tho Western Examine) relates that, from tho severo drought, a new crime has sprung up in this neigh- bourhood A gentleman who possesses a paddock within a mile of tho town had a suspicion that somo person was in the habit of stealing water therefrom , but (catch n weasel oslcep ') tbo gentleman hld himself several nights among tho rocks, nnd at last succeeded in catching a young ruffian, about ten years of agc, purlmning over two gallons of tho precious liquid Instead of making an cxaiuplo of tho whole family connected with the boy, the gentleman generously told them that if they brought hlui two pounds by 9 o clock next day, he would not prosecute the matter further Di ATI! 1ROM THF E\l LOSTON Oi A BrAM)\ CASK - A telegram m tho Mnsbane Comic) states that a fatal accident occuircd at tho Criterion Hotel, Mackay, on tho night of the 6th instant About 8 o clock, John V O Connell, tho landlord, was drawing somo brandy out of a cask, when the spirit ignited and exploded Ho was fearmlly burnt, and a Btavo of tho cask which struck him inflicted a severo wound He ditd about 3 30 a ni to-day litr SeiioBED Cases oi Smail iox in Melhouune -On this important matter, wo find tho following in tho Melbourno Mcinld of Ihursday -" Although tho report circulated yesterday of acaso of small-pox having boen admitted into tho Molbourne Hospital proved incjirect, there aro reasons for boheving that tho authorities aro not quito satisfied os to the naturo of tho dioeaso which has attucked tho patients who havo been received into the Immigration Hospital Dm ing tho last few days, the residents m tho neighbourhood havo taken alarm at tho frequency of tho cases admitted mto tho hospital, and thoy aro naturall) inclined to lho belief, notwithstanding the difference of opinion which prevails amongst medical men as to tho naturo of tho disease, that thero is mst ground for fear lest it should bo of a contagious character Whatever tho nature of the diseibo may be, tho. local hoard of health has wiselv taken upon itself tho' enforcement of measures to abato tho malady Dr Girdle-j stone, tho Health Officer of the tit), was instructed to adopt suth eamtarv measures as m his opinion tho oxigen- aos of the cases demanded, and during vesterday tho sewers were flushed with a solution of tai boho acid, and every house m Shamrock alley has undergono fumigation Dr \ M'Gaunn, of tho Immigration Hospital, was engaged yes- terday vaccinating all persons in tho locality, so that it, will be seen that every possible precaution has beon taken j A deputation consisting of his Worshio tho Mayor,) Di (jirdle6tono, Cr M'Pherson, and the Town Clerk waited upon the Chief Secretary yesterdav, to lay ho fore that gentleman an application to closo the Im-j migration Hospital for tho reception of small- po\ pati- ents Mr M'Culloch sent for tho chief Medical Ofilcer,| nnd it was decided at tho interview that no moro cases should bo admitted mto tho hospital, but bo taken to the Royal Park lho residents m Shamrock-al loy intimated' their intention of leaving tho lane, bit Cr rennick visited tho placo at a hilo hour last ovenmg, and, with other gentlemen, to somo extent allayed their fears AU the cases under treatment presumedly nillictod with this apparentlv contagious disease aro Ditients who hive boen lesidents within tbo immediate preeincts of the Immigration Hospital 1 hero is so much contlict of opinion as to tho nntuio of tho sickness with which moro particularly tho' residents m the v îcinity of the hospital havo beon attacked, that it is probable the Government will authorise a com- mission ot inquiry into tho circumstances which up to tho present time havo obtained publicity Cool er s Crelk -A letter from tho correspondent of tho South Australian Hcptstcr, dated 21st Dotembor, says -"Atlast I bavo the pleasure of reporting that wo hav o been favoured with a httlo ram On last Wednesday it began, and lasted about nn hour and a half It was not suilicientto do the country anv good, but still it was a groat relief to seo ram once moro after ten month* Iheram seems to havo been strongc to the east and south After this the wtather has set m very hot, mid tuo clav pans in our neighbouihood are perfectly dry again This w c ithor setniB to havo its bad influence not only upon tho health of whito men but upon the blacks too, there being at prosent tuany of them -very ill with dysentory l'ho blacks aro m great fear that deaths will follow JNothvng has been hoard about tho Hood, and tho wnttr of our lnko (now tho only ono in this part of Coopère t-reck that still keep» water) is going back ripidly It is impossiblo to say how long it will stand, but certainly not very long should this weaUiei continue About a vveok ago two of tbo Moravian missionaries fr ira hopper umina Jen tneir staion, their committee in Melbourne having f,»? VXSh0,,m,"Ion amongst the aborigines of Cooper s TM&.1r£i t,w,°, «I'saionnnes, Mr Kramer and Mr vÄ ^l,pfS,lMy,* TP^«*1 »t mission Btalions in I^ ti. ° bcha>10Hr of tho bli"*8 toro is remarkably wi,5ï8nimtatl),SA« more confidence in us What renders mission work amongst them very difficult is tho difference in their languages, thero being not less ¿on sev en different dialects spoken bv them " SiNOUi AuEscai e -OnMonday night (savs tho Monaro Meicury) a man on horseback was posing by Bollason » ' in Cooma, when both man and horse suddcSlys' <.«. ' bowels of tho earth, having fallen i»4 left uncov cred The man .- ¡ assistance of son " well W- . y , 1 * '1 i ' i- '-l-l r ..,,j . j ._jv into tho \ -«j a weil which was \ * -oiumbled out, and with tho } -u townspeople got his horso out of tho . u »xa glad to roport that no injuries wero sustained ond a Blight shock to tbo ncrvcB from tho unexpected 