SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Parliament is still in recess. At Pr.e" sent the adjournment is to a (lay in JFebruary, but there is no expectation of the Houses meeting before the middle oí'Mareil. We alluded last month to some of the principal measures which ?were in preparation for submission to the Legislature, and we have nothing now to add to the list. The main busi- ness of the Cabinet at its recent meet- ings has been the discussion of the reductions and changes proposed in the various departments. These are extensive, and will probably be the sub- ject of some debate when the Esti- mates are submitted to Parliament. It ?will then be too late, however, to undo much of what the Ministry have done. They have taken the responsibility upon themselves, and the utmost that Parlia- ment can do -will be to censure their ac- tion, of this, however, there is little pro- bability. The country, there is no doubt, .was somewhat over well-furnished with officers, many of whom owed their ap- pointment more to private influence than to capacity to serve the state. This was so well known, and had so mucn pressed itself on the attention of previous Go- vernments, that the ,Civil Service Act .was introduced as much for the purpose of imposing restrictions on the employ- ment of such persons as to secure certain rights to those who were in the service. On the other hand, many of the Government employés in this colony have peculiar claims, which cannot in honour be overlooked. "When the gold-fields were discovered, the difficulty was to retain the public servants. An engagement was thon entered into with them, tacitly, if not in any more formal manner, that if they remained they would afterwards receive that consideration to which they would reasonably be entitled. It is probable that these considerations have received due weight in the departmental and Ministerial discussions of the sub- ject; but that some cases of hardship have occurred is already apparent. The first results of the discussions on this subject appear to have been dissen- sion and a split in the Cabinet. It has Jong been known that the nominal con- nexion of Messrs. Francis and Higin hotham with the Cabinet was dis- tasteful to them. They remained mom bers of it, without office, because of their personal friendship for and long" asso- ciation with its chief. The changes made in the Railway department by Mr. Jones, however, are understood not to have been approved of by Mr. Higin botham, the engineer-in-ehief, and it is possible that this fact may have assisted in bringing matters to a crisis. At all events, it is now understood that Messrs. Francis and Higinbotham have resigned their positions in the Cabinet. Rumour has it that the Ministry is di- vided on other matters, and when Parlia- ment meets an opposition is expected to develope itself from the ranks of their own followers. We îeferred last month to the sub- ject of a customs union of the Austral- asian colonies having been discussed favouiably in these colonies. Since then fresh interest has been given to the sub- ject by the publication of a despatch from the Duke of Buckingham, in which the assistance of the Imperial Go- vernment is virtually promised to such a scheme as the colonies might adopt as best for their mutual interests. S ufficient time has not yet elapsed since then to en- able action to be takon in the matter. In this colony, as alieady stated, Parlia- ment has not been in session ; in New South Wales and Queensland, new .Governments have been formed, and .have met with so much difficulty in the first stages of their existence, that they have had no opportunity to deal with the subject ; in South Australia the land question has engrossed the attention of successive shortlived Ministries.; and in New Zealand the war question has been the absorbing subject of the hour. Tasmania alone has had the quiet and the opportunity, if she had ¿kosep to deal with it; but as her -views on the subject have already been ?expressed, it is known that she will be ready to join in any intercolonial scheme which will have the effect of re- moving obstructions from commerce and promoting the interests of the colonies -the objects which the movers in this matter deshe to see accomplished. It is hoped, therefore, that when the time3 are anoro propitious-as regards the relations of Ministers to Parliaments this ¡matter will be discussed with a view to the accomplishment of some practical good. Colonel iGore Browne, the late go- vernor of Tasmania, and Mrs. Gore Browne, and also Mr. and" Mrs. T)ucane-who are en route to Hobart Town-are now on a visit to His Excellency Sir Henry Manners Sut- ton. Colonel Gore Browne and family arrived by the last steamer from Hobart Town, and sail for London per the ship Holmsdale, on the 7th instant. Mr. and Mrs. Ducane have visited Melbourne on their way from Sydney to the seat of his government} Their voyage from London to Sydney per the ship Sobraon was a rapid ono, the vessel having been reported off Cape Otway on the seventieth day out from London, and having reached, Sydney two days or so afterwards. I The approaching visit of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh is looked forward to with much pleasure. On this occasion, of course, he will be received more as a private visitor than he was when he carno to our shores twelve months ago. Tliero will bo less of ceremony, ana probably to our visitor a great deal more of enjoy- ment. There will be fewer deputations and of those formal and loyal addresses which occupied so much a of his time, and gaye so much trouble to hisj private secretary, a year ago. But the Duke , will be able to come and go with the most'perfect freedom. Recent discus- sions in the Parliament and press of New South Wales have shown that there was no foundation for the sup- position that any Fenian conspiracy ever existed'there, and that the attempt on the life of the Prince was but the act of a solitary person, probably mono maniacal on the supposed wrongs of his countiy. The collapse of the Panama, New Zealand, and Australian Steamship Company has long been foreseen. It was obvious here, for a long time past, that the traffic was insufficient to sustain it, and that the colonies more immedi- ately interested would not increase-if, indeed, they were abletosustain-the sub- sidies paid for the service. In this colony the matter has excited comparatively little attention, as we never derived any benefit worth naming from the line. The head-quarters were at Sydney, the branch seivice was performed with "Wel- lington, and the postal charges were so exorbitant that the Suez line alone was looked to in our correspondence with England, and even with America. Hopes are entertained, however, that out of the withdrawal of the Panama Compauy, we shall gain either a fortnightly mail service «YlGalle, or a new monthlyservice by way of the Cape of Good Hope. The four ocean-steamers of the Panama line have been offered at a cheap figure to any company which may be formed in Melbourne, and if the Government will consent to grant a Bubsidy, by way of guarantee of interest, the capital to purchase these vessels and establish a fortnightly line to Galle can be raised in a day. Three of the smaller steamers of the line engaged in the branch service with New Zealand-the Tarama, Rangitoto, and Claud Hamilton-have passed into the hands of a Melboumo firm, Messrs. M'Meckan, Blackwood, and Co. The news from the seat of war in New Zealand is less doleful in its cha- racter than it was a month ago. There is now no clanger at Wanganui ; and on the East Coast the movements of the rebels have not been of a formidable character. The Challenger, the Brisk, and the Bosario (of Her Majesty's navy) have proceeded to the New Zealand coast, to lend assistance if it should be required. None of the Imperial troops have gone down from the Australian colonies, owing, perhaps, to the deter- mination of the New Zealand Govern- ment, backed by the resolutions of a public meeting at Wellington, to rely on their own resources j but a band of about 200 men has been recruited in Melbourne for the aimed constabulary of New Zealand, and has been sent on to Wellington. SOCIAL SUMMARY. Tho end of another year has been reached. Christmas 1ms como again, bringing with it its usual accompaniments. The schoolboys bave dispersed to their lespective homes for the holidays, the festivities at the close of tho old and. the entrance of tho new year have been celebiated as usual, and poople are now settling down again in tho ordinary round of laboui. This has been the piiucipal business of the month ; we havo onded one year and. begun anothei, and theie has little more been done. Tho year that has ended, in its course terminated the longest and most obstinate political stiuggle the colony has ever known, «aid commencing the new year -as we do, un emharrassed by any prospective political diffi- culties, and with a fair promise of material ¿prosperity, theie seems good reason to talco .a cheerful and hopeful viow of the probabili- ties of 18G9. December the 24th, 18G8, will be for somo time remembered in Victoria on account of the intensity of the heat folt that day, and the lavages caused in parts of the countiy by wide-spread bush lires. In the morning the heat was very great, tho sun shining with intense radiance from a clear blue sky, and tho wind strongly blow- ing from the noith hot as the blast of a furnace. The hot wind inoieased in violence till about twelve o'clock, when it veered, and came in strongly from the opposite quarter. In Melbouino tho thermometer reached 110a in tho shade, a range but very rarely attained in Holbourne. At Beechwoith and Albury the mercury stood at 152° in the sun, and Iii)0 in the slïado-a iigure highei than any previously recorded at Beechworth, Bush fires covered a large part jof the country, causing great desti notion amongst the ciops and the grass. Gipps Land seems to ha>o been the part which most suf- fered from this cause. One whola township the small mining hamlet of Gladstone, on Maximilian Cieeli-was enthely destroyed by a jreat fire which came down frorñ therauges with extreme rapidity, urged onwards through the dry bush by tho strong hot wind, and the small population of thoplaco had but just time to mako their escape to some mining workings in a neighbouring gully before th¿ whole placo was in a blaze. The account given by a local paper states ?-" The llames surged onwards and íoared like a raging sea. As the women looked out from their retreat they could see nothing but black smoke, re- lieved occasionally by thoired flare of tho lire, whilst the noiso was deafoning and the heat insupportable. The children were crying all thetimo for water, and there was none to wet their lips., For two hours did they remain in this position, with no hope of ever again seeing the light of day, whon one of tho men ventuied out in search of water. He was, .however, fully half an hour .groping about in the dark befdro he conld find a water-hole. As the smoko gradually cleared, however, and the daylight returned, tho scene which met the gaze .was one of desolation-i-not a vestige of a house was to be seen -the entire villago had been but a morsel in the mouth of the devouring giant, and no living object was visible. Horses, pigs, goats, dogs, poultry, every species of the lower animals, had been consumed, with tho exception of a bulldog that had broken fiom his chain and hid in a waterhole, and oven this animal waa com- pletely crippled. The creek was strewed with the burned carcases of horses, goats, and other animals." A meeting of the Cabinet was held on De cembei 17, to finally decido upon the report of the commission appointed to inquire into the charges brought by Mr. Wright, the secre- tary for railways, against Mr. Jeremy, the traille superintendent. Aftor some delibera- tion it was decided that tho report of the commission did not exonerate Mr. Jeaemr. and that ho should be allowed to resign. Mr. Wright was relieved from suspension from office, and a messenger was at once despatched to him to inform him of the fact. It is gene mliy understood that this decision was not concurred in by alf the mombers of the Government; and thal a good deal of differ- ence of opinion exists between them on the subject): ' The Governor, with the advico of the Ex. ecutive Council, has issued a Royal Commis- sion on the «abject of payment of members of Parliament. Tho members appointed to form tho commission aro :-Mr. Daffy (chair man), Mr. Casoy, Mr. G. V. Smith, Mr, Mac- gregor, Mr, MacMahon, Mr. Kerferd, Mr, Edward Copo, Mr. Everard, Mr. Longmore, Air. Macpherson, -Mr. Angus Mackay, and Mr. "Wrixon. They < arc appointed to "in- quire and report generally on the practico of paying or compensating members of the Le- gislature in all countries'where the practice prevails ; and with a special view of ascer- taining in each case the rate of paymont or compensation, the conditions or limitations (if any) under which it is made, and tho form oí legislative enactment'by which it has boon authorised." ' His Majesty the JÍ ine of the Netherlands has been pleased to confer upon Jonkhcer J. W. Ploos van Amstel, consul-general» for the Netherlands in Melbourne, ' the .distinc- tion of Knight of the Royal Order of the Netherlands .Lion, in appreciation of his official services. Prom the far inland districts of Queens- land, the back parts of New South Wales, and the northern portions of South Aus- tralia, como dismal accounts of tho'manncr in which the country is parched up and ren- dered uninhabitable by stock or human beings by tho long prevalence of hot dry weather. ' The country is being rapidly settled under the operation of the 42nd clause of the Land Act. Commissions to inquire into applica- tions for licenses under the new regula- tions under this clause have been held dur- ing the past month at Creswick, Meredith, Duck Ponds, Rokewood, Sandhurst, Bacchus Marsh, Seymour, Mount Moriac, and Win- chelsea. At Meredith there were forty-six applications, and thirty-five were recom- mended. The application of one was refused because he was a dummy- that is, acted as agent for another person, and of another because he was under age. At Sandhmat there were 401 applications, 352 being granted, twelve refused, and.twenty-two postponed for the special consideration of the Board of Land and Works. It appears that the deer which were turned out by Mr. Wilson, of Longerenong, on the Grampians, aro increasing innumbers îapidly, there Doing many young ones now seen with the herd. They are all in capital condition, aro very fleet and shy, and as the rugged parts of the hills afford them, plenty of shelter, there seems every reason to suppose that the range will soon be well stocked with this noble game. The police have succeeded in arresting John Lindsay, the man who murdered John Harper at Taylor's woolshed, near Deniliquin, on the 16th October, and the prisoner has been remanded to the local e,our£ to answer the charge. A sad accident occurred on the 17th Decem- ber at Phillip Island, Western Port Bay, when Captain W. P. Grossard, of tho mer- chant servico, was shot by tho accidental dis- charge of a gun held in tho hands of Mr. F. S. Grimwado, wholesale druggist, of Mel- bourne. Boforo his death Mr. Grossard, in reply to Mr. Grimwado, said that he forgave him, and did not imputo any blame to any one for what had occurred. The City Corporation aro erecting a meat market at the top of Elisabeth- street, which, when completed, will be a useful addition to the market conveniences of Melbourne. The building will be of brick, the principal patt being of red brick, and the doors andi windows worked round with white brick facings, the whole standing on a plinth of, bluestone. The front will bo towards Eliza-, beth-stroet, and will be 83ft. Gin. across, the depth of the building being 13/ffc. The cost1 of the building will be about £3,700. Some alai m was occasioned in Melbourne' some weeks ago by the unwelcome intioduc tion into this city of small-pox-a disease which, although it has been brought into the port on several occasions, has never suc- ceeded in establishing a foothold amongst the population, This time it was brought here by the ship Avon Vale, from Foo-chow foo, which arnved here on the 22nd Novem- ber. The chief officer being ill was takenJ;o the Melbourne Hospital, witera his complaint was found to be small-pox, and he was ac- cordingly sont to the Immigration hospital, the ship being ordered back to the quarantino station. The chief officer died soon after, and another patient named Bissel, to whom the infection was communicated, also died. A good deal of uneasiness was felt by the sub- sequent occurrence of what were believed to be several other cases of small-pox, but they were found in leality to bo cases of chicken pox, and have not in any instance proved fatal. "The Rev. D. S. M'Eachcrn, who recently arrived from Cromarty, Scotland, in compli- ance with* call from the presbytery hero, has been formally inducted into the pastorate of St. Andrew's Church, Cailton, which ho had been invited to fill. The inhabitants of Hotham, Brunswick, and Pentridge, have got up a movement in favour of having the Ovens and Murray Rail- way line diverted from its contemplated course, so as to include fifteen miles of the Sydney-road. They also advocate the chango of the site of the terminus to Elizabeth-street north. A deputation waited a few days ago on the Commissioner of Railways to onfoice these views. Mr. Jones promised to inquire into thc-feasibilifcy of the pioposal, but gavé the deputation no hope that their wishes would be complied with. Mr. W. N. M'Cann, formerly a member of the Legislativo Assembly, who received a long sentence of imprisonment about eighteen months ago for forgery, has been released from gaol. The Polynesia Company, which has been formed to trado an and with the Fiji Islands, and which has obtained a concession of 200,000 acres from King Thakombau, has been formally incorporated. An attempt has been made to raise the sunken hull of the City of Launceston by means of balloons inflated with gas according to Mr. Maqiiayfe process, aided by two steam tugs. The uttempt was a failure, although it is said that tho ship was dragged 20ft. through the mud. Further opeiations are for the pre- sent suspended. ' Dr. Paley, inspector-general of hospitals for the insane, 'has been appointed examiner in the University on the subjects of mental pathology, montai therapeutics, and mental hygiene, for the degree of M.D, Four men woie recently buried alive by a fall of earth in the Morning Star claim, Wood's Point. Two were got out alive, but the others, nimud Pallard and M'Donald, weie killed. ' The annual dinner of the Medical Society has been held at Scott's Hotel, the president (Dr. Neild) in the chair; Drs. Bird and Jonasson, the vice presidents, occupying the vice chairs. A dog show was held the week before last in tho vestibule of the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre. Tho exhibition was far inferior to the one, last held in Melbourne, both as re- gards the numbai- and character of the ani- mals shown. The eritries altogether amounted to about 250, being considerably less than the number received at former shows. ' i An Orango papsr (N.S.W.) states that at the Blayney pound 180 horses were sold at id. per head. Surely 'the minimum price was then reached. On some runs of the adjoin- ing colony wild horses havo become such a nuisance that devices for trapping them at their favourite watering-places have been iii sorted to. When secured, tho branded ones are returned to their owners or impounded!; the unbranded ones are shot and skinned, the skins selling at 4s. each, and the h air at li. Cd. per lb., in Sydney. One squatter is men. tioned who has, with two of his neighbours, thus shot over 1,500 horses within tho last twelve months. j Mr. William Weaver, formerly cngineer in-chief of tho province of Auckland, and inspector-general of telegraphs of New Zea- land, was found dead at tho Victoria Hotel, Geelong, on Dccembor l8. Ho had been tlioru during the last fortnight on. a visit. Death was found to havo resulted ftotu an attack of sanguineous apoplexy.. | The present system of interpreting in law < and police courts in cases in which Chinese aro concerned Occasions a great deal of dissatisfaction, and tho case of Jamas A'Coy, interpreter at Castlemaine, being un- derstood to bo a very gross ono, the Govern- ment have instituted a prosecution against him. The allegations are, that ho has levied "black mail "upon Chinese who havo had i to npper beforo the court« when ho has at- tended in bis officiai capacity as interpreter.! The plan of opening out the Sandridge Lagoon into Hobson's Bay, and so creating a sort of wet dock for vessels of light draught, which was many years back projected by Councillor Johnson, of Sandridge, and by him urged, with varying success, upon the atten- tion of several successive Governments, has again been brought under the notice of the Public Works department by a deputation. The estimated cost is £7,303.. The Commis- sioner (Mr. C. E. Jones) promised to let an officer of the department report on the scheme, and admitted that he had been favourably im- pressed by the arguments brought forward. H.M.S, corvette Challenger, Hying the flag of Commodore Rowley I»ambort, C.B., arrived hero on the 11th December, from Sydney, and after staying till the 23rd of the same month left for Wellington, Now Zea- land. A very destructivo Aro occurred on the night of Saturday, December 12, at Carlton, when property was destroyed valued at £5,000. The fire commenced in the drapory establishment of Mr. Cornell, at tho corner of Madeline and Qneensberry streets, and spread to, the adjoining boot and shoe shop of Mr. D. Boyce, the perambulator manufac- tory of Mr. G. Bartlett, tho furniture shop of Mr. W. Allemby, and .two shops occupied by Mr. G. Harmsworthi one as an ironmonger's store and the other as a grocery store. These premises, which were onielly of wood, wore the property of Mr. Cornell, excepting tho shop occupied and owned by Mr. Allamby. They wero all destroyed, together with some stables and four cottages .which also belonged to Mr. Cornell. Administration of the personal estate of the lato Mr. Ambrose Kyto has been granted to tho widow of the deceased, Sarah Ann Kvte. The property was' -sworn under £10,000. < ' The foundation-stone of a new ! United Methodist church has been laid in Church street, Richmond, the ceicmony being per- formed by Mr. J. G. Francis. The reserved space in Wellington-parade, which has formed the subject of so much contention between the City Corporation and the Government, has beon surveyed and gazetted for sale ; but tho actual salo has been postponed pending' tho decision of the Supremo Court on a motion for au injunc- tion to restrain the Government from sell- ing. Mr. H. A. Bruce, Custom-house clerk, who recently quitted Melbourne very suddonly, has been arrested in Wellington, Now Zea- land, and held in custody ponding tho arrival of a police-officer from Melbourne to bring him back to respond to a charge to bo pre- ferred against him. Mrs. Boyd, the wife of a miner, was shot dead on Saturday week, whilo out at a picnic near Talbot, by the accidental discharge of a gun. A Northcote cabman named Bartholomew Ellis has been arrested and remanded on suspicion of having wilfully murdered John James MiGuire, whose body, was, on the 26th December, found' by the side of the Merri Creek bearing marks of great violence. The deceased had been a merchant, but was ío duced in circumstances, and had lately fol- lowed the occupation of a cabman. There seems to ho strong reason to believe that the two men wero lighting before the death of M'G aire, and that the death of the latter was due to the violent usago bo sustained. The Duke of Edinburgh has written a second letter to M. Chevalier, the Victorian artist, informing him of tho alteration in the intended route of the Galatea, and requesting . him to await the arrival of His Royal nigh ncss's ship in Hobson's Bay, in place of pro- ceeding to Point de Galle, as previously de- sired. The "Alfred wing" of the Sailor's Home was opened on December 31 by His Excel- lency the Governor, aud the occasion was celebrated by a dinner to tho inmates. There were about sixty persons at the banquet. Mr. J. G. Francis presiding. We regret to have to announce the death of Mr. 1?. B. Franklyn, of this city, who died on December 31, at his residence, Balaclava, very unexpectedly, from rétrocèdent gout. Mr. Franklyn came to Melbourne sixteen years ago, and began business as a printei's broker m connexion with the English ûrmof Robson, Levey, and Franklyn, and was for some years one of the proprietors of the Herald newspaper. Six years ago ho paid a visit to England, and sinco his return to this colony be has carried on the business of a printer's broker. Mr. Henry Hopwood, of Echuca, known as " the king of that borough, died on New Year's Day. Mr. Hopwood was a very old colonist, and very early in the history or the colony, when "prospecting" for a home, ho fixed upon a bend of tho Murray-now Echuca-as the place of his settlement. There he established a ferry, and for many years it has been of the giOatest service to the public. He afterwards became a publican, being the owner and occupier of an hotel which overlooked the punt; and hero he added largely to the property ne liad acquired, by tho means he had provided for transport- ing men and cattle across the Murray. He was an active, public-spirited, kind-hearted, and libwal man. REDUCTIONS IN THE .CIVIL SERVICE. With the view of carrying out their pro- mise of rotronchment in tho .public sorvico. the Government aro about to mako some sweeping reductions in the Civil service Consolidation of offices and decrease of the heads of departments seem to be the great object of the Cabinet in carrying out their plan. Notice has been given in most of tho departments-to some, that they will be superannuated, and to others that thoio is no longer any requirement for their services, extra clerks, of which class there is a great mimbor, boing particularly noticed. A change is contemplated in the Immigration department, the hoad of which will probably bo uppointed to the shipping master's office. The offlco of inspector ot distilleries will be done away with, a chango in the method of conducting the busi- ness avoiding the necessity for such an officer. The secretary of railways is to be dispensed with, and, in fact, in tho secretary's and ac- countant's offices the entiio staffs have been swept away, the accountant alone being re- tained. The office of travelling inspector of railway« has been abolished as a sopaiato Appointment. The offico of superintendent of locomotives is also to be done away with. It is to ho presumed that much of the work hitherto done in the offices of the secretary .and accountant of railways will be in futuro performed in that of tho traffic superinten- dent - an office which, of course, must of necessity bo preserved. To íeduco tho ex- penditure of the department as much as possible, half a dozen of the smaller inter- mediate; stations, winch at piesont do not pay, are to bo closed, and it is stated that between forty and fifty porters on tho Echuca lino have received intimation that their services will be forthwith disponsed with. 'Mr. Steavenson, the assistant-corn minissioner of roads and bridges, is to unite his present office with that o£ secio taiy of railways. The pormanent clericat staff in Mr. Steavenson^ department is so small that loduction is hardly possible, but if it does come, the "pormanent" staff will probably iberetaiued. Tho professional staff has been quite cut down. The inspector general of roads leaves the service at tho end «f tho year," and the engineer's assist- ants, known as " overseers," haye also re- ceived Jiotioe to go ; some of them, indeed, have been dismissed without warning. As to the district road engineers, it is not yet certain whether they will go or stay, but their reten- tion is most probable. The water department (Yan .Yean) suffers the loss of two clerks and one engineer. It is expected that the two departments will be amalgamated. The officers dispensed with in the Public Works department aro-Five draughtsmen, two nt £G00, one at £485, one at £111, and ono at £350 ; a surveyor, at ¿40G < a year ; two in- spectors of works, one at £300, and tho other at £275 per annum ; two dorks, ono at £250 and the other at £125 per annum ; a messen fer at £100, and his wife at £10 per annum, n another branch the reductions are-au engineer at £450 per annum, and two clerks, one at £400 and the other at £300 per an- num. The total proposed annual saving amounts to£5,153£s. 8d. The department was otherwise reduced during last year to an ox tent equal to £1,425 in annual salaries. In the Roods and Bridges department, the reduc- tions amount to £3.564 in salaries, and'about £920 in travelling expenses and stores ; this malees a total reduction of £4,484. In the Lands department, eighteen supernumeraries have already received notice, and an investi- gation is going on with the view of ascertain- ing if any further reduction is practicable. It has been determined to do away with the survey-office at Echuca, of which Mr. Long- ford is tho head, and that gentleman will pro- bably retire from the service The Customs will be included in the li.st of redactions. Lockers will bo superannuated, landing waiters treated in a similar manner, and some of the junior officers of the latter class appointed to lockers' duties. No fresh ap- pointments, of course, will bo m ado. Amongst the other reductions contemplated is one that will affect both the volunteer and mili- tary services of the colony. With regard to the former, it is believed that the staff is un- necessarily large, and an investigation is now being conducted with the view of ascertain- ing to what extent, and in what mannor, a saving can be best effected, a duo regard to tho efficiency of the service being at the same time maintained. As regards the military, a very strong opinion prevails that they are of no use to the, colony. What we want is a small number of artillerymen, to instruct our own volunteers in this most important branch of the service. These, however, cannot bo obtained, and it is considered that, at a comparatively small expense, a force,, consisting of 100 men, comprising the drill instructors and other trained soldiers who have left the Imperial service, could he incorporated, who would bo able to perform all the duties which now dovolve on tho de- tachment of the line at present here, whilst at the same time they would be subject to colonial authority, and would form good in- structors for, and he an important branch of, our volunteer force. It is, therefore, ex- tremely pi obablo that when the Estimates for 1809 aro submitted, a very consideiable reduction in theso two departments will be shown. The Government printing-office, which at present costs the colony some- thing like £60,000 a year, is not to escape untouched. A board, consisting of tho At- torney- General, Messrs. Mackay, Crews, and Davies, M.L.A.'s, and Mr. Hugh George, printer of TUe\ Argus, has been appointed to inquire into the management and expen- diture of this departmont, and an active investigation has been commenced, which will result, there is good reason to believe, in the adoption of a much less costly system. In oitler to carry out the economical prin- ciple to its fullest extent, the Government have intimated to those members of the police force who act as clerks of potty sessions, that their salaries will he lowered from £50 to £20 when tho general reduc- tions announced como in force. Tho ques- tions arising out of all these reductions are now tho subject of almost daily delibera- tion by the Cabinet, and the discussions aro intentionally elaborated, in order that no hasty decision may be arrived at. TnE DUKE OP EDINBURGH'S VISIT. Recollections both of a pleasing and a pain- ful character have been awakened by tho in- formation which has reached us of the Duke of Edinburgh's intention to revisit the colony at a not very distant date. On the one hand, there is tho gratifying remembrance of the loyal and enthusiastic welcome His Royal Highness received throughout tho colonies, and of his hearty appreciation of our efforts to give him a îeception worthy of his birth and rank ¡ while, on tho other, tho attempt on his life in a neighbouring colony is an event' of much too painful a nature to be ever forgotten. The distressing occur- rence, in fact, has lately been forced upon our attention in a highly unpleasant manner by some extraordinary conduct on the part of tholatc Colonial SecretaryofNewSouth Wales, Mr. Parkes, who, in a speech to his constituents at Kiama, alarmed tho community by tho statement that he had in his possession docu- mentary evidence of the existence of a Fonian conspiracy against the person and family of the Queen, and that tho attempt upon the life of Prince Alfred at Sydney was a part of the plot. From tho first there was but one opinion here as to the motive for the deed. The cxistenco of a Fenian plot in the Australian colonies was scarcely for a moment entertained, and tho attempt was universally regarded as the act of a monomaniac, whoso hoad had been turned probably by brooding over the fancied wrongs of Ireland. The same opinion, ex- cept perhaps immediately after the perpetra- tion of the crime, was generally entertained in Sydney, until Mr. Parkcs's positivo state- ment at Kiama again unsettled people's minds, and caused a section of the public to believe that a conspiracy really had existed. It now appears, however, that Mr. Parkes was really in possession of no information to justify him in making the statemont to which he committed himself. In the course of a debate in the Législative Assembly in Sydnoy, o i a motion for the production of all papers connected with the attempted assassination, Mr. Parkes admitted that his statement had been based entirely on O'Fanell's confessions, which, however, really amount to nothing. Perhaps the most extraordinary part of tho whole affair is the manner in which theso confessions were obtained and reduced to documentary form. Mr. Parkes, it appears, took it upon himself to visit the cell in which O'Parrell was confined, and to extract a con- fession from him by leading him into a sories of conversations, which wore taken down, word forword, by a shorthand-writor brought into the cell for this special purpose. The confession, obtained in this unprecedented manner, during several conversations, has been printed and laid before the Sydney Legislature, but it simply amounts to nothing. It contains nothing whatever to justify the statement made by Mr. Parkes to his con- stituents, or to support the conclusion he seems to have come to, as to the existence of a Fenian plot. Beyond these valueless con- fessions, Mr. Parkes has no evidence what- ever which he can produce in suppôt t of his wild statement. But another singular pieco of conduct remains to bo told. During the debate whioh has been referred to, the present Premier (Mr. Robertson) stated that tho Go- vernment were in possession of no documents to show that any conspiiacy had been enteiod into, but on the next night Mr. Parkes said he had the papers, consisting mainly of secret reports from the inspector-general of police, winch he would produce. This statement, revealing as it did the fact that Mr. Parkeson his retirement from the Ministry had taken with him papers which had come into his hands officially, naturally excited some indignation on the.part of the Govern- ment, Mr. Robertson going so far as to hint that criminal proceedings might bo taken against Mr. Parkes for removing papers from a Government office. A select committee has been appointed, on the motion of Mr. M'Leny, to investigate the whole matter. "Whatever may bo tho result of these in- quiries, tho only eflOct which the revival of this painful tqpic will produce hoto will bo to make the Prince's lecoption, if possible, still more beauty and enthusiastic ; and al- though ho is not eScpectcd to make a public entry into Melbourno as ho did on the occa- sion of his first visit, ho will not bo suffered to como and go »without some popular de- monstration, illis Royal nighness is ox pected to airivo hero somo time in February or March. , i [ , PROPOSED CUSTOMS UNIOX. I The federation of tho Australian colonies for commercial purposes has boon of late the subject of some discussion i in the leading columns of The Argus and other journals. The urgent necessity for, and tho mutual advautngo to accruo by, some such ar- rangement have been clearly shown, and it seems no less a matter of surpriso than of regret that the' colony most adverso to the proposition should be New South Wales, whose almost maternal relation- ship to tho other colonies . would naturally presuppose the possession of a proportionate amount of legislative wisdom. Doubtless the old fcöling of jealousy io Victoria has had something to do with' this. The prin- ciple is undisputed. The propriety and commercial advantages of such a schomc have been on all sides conceded. It is the form that is ostensibly objected to. In four out of the six colonies the proposal has been favourably received. In New Zealand the Legislature was committed, during its recent session, to a scheme in which tho United States was to be included, and from that colony the demand for a conference has proceeded. In Tasmania there is but one opinion on tho subject,'itbe politicians of South Australia have given their adhesion, while Victoria seems'desirous of taking a prominent part in bringing about so desirable an arrangement. Tho opinion of theso colonies is, that it is expedient to at- tempt tho formation of a leaguo for the purpose of securing tho free interchango of commodities betweon the colonies which wül have ' become parties to it. In New South Wales public opinion is greatly divided on tho subject The Sydney Chamber of Commerce evidently regards the design with distrust, while . one of the ' ' ' ' ! Journals of the city wams those in authority against acceding to a proposition emanating from Victoria, which is supposed to bo tho most interested in tho matter, and to have taken tho initiative in the piovcnient. The objection to the proposition is, that it would require an act or the Imperial Government to give it effect, and that this would render the union binding for a longer period than might'bc deemed advisable. A proferonce at the same timo is professed for the principle of the American Reciprocity Treaty lather than that of the German Zollverein. A despatch from the Secretary for the Colonies to the Now South Wales Government has been lately received, and in this the question has been adverted to. It states that the Im- perial Government "would gladly aid in the establishment of '& Customs union comprising all the adjacent Australian colonies." There the question at present rests. New South Wales must seo that such a union is indis- pensable, and that it will be for her own benefit to become a party to it. THE PANAMA COMPANY. The nows received by the, last mail for some time left it doubtful whether the Panama, Now Zealand, and Australian Royal Mail Company had ceased operations or not ; bat the action that has boon taken by the managers of the company at Sydney bos since decidod the question, and has shown us that the,Panama mail service is at au end,, Prior to tho receipt of letters by tho Bombay^ - a writ of foreign attachment for over £3,000 was issued at Sydney against tho property of the company, and about the samo time it was announced that the Sydney Government was not likely to continue the subsidy. Subsequent to the arrival of the mail, we learned by telegram from Sydney, that Messrs. M'Aleckan, Black- wood, and Co., the well-known shipowners of this city, havo purchased the steamers Tarama, Rangitoto, and Claud Hamilton, from tho representatives of the Panama Com- pany and the agent of the mortgagees at Sydney. These fine vessels will bo continued in the Now Zealand trade. It has, also been notified that tho s.s. Mataura would be de- spatched to England from Melbourne, via tho Straits of Magellan, calling at Rio do Janeiro for coals, to be followed at monthly intervals by tho Kaikoura, tho Ruahine, and the Rakaia, thus sending all of the ocean steamers of the company out of these waters. This magnificent ileet of steamers, which cost some £320,000, are now offered for sale for £180,000. Tho fleet consists of tho Mataura, of 1,780 tons burdon, and 450 horse-power; the Kaikoura, of 1,501 tons, and 400 horse- power; the Ruahine, of 1,508 tons, and 350 horse-power ; the Rakaia, of 1,450 tons, and 360 horse-power; and the Pi ince Alfred, the spare ship at Panama, of DOO tons, and 180 horsc-powor. The fact of such a fleet of vessels being for disposal has suggested the idea heie .that a good opening is presented for this colony at once to initiate a fortnightly mail via Galle, with the advantage of making Melbourne the principal port. It is said that if this Government would guarantee a subsidy of very considerably less than fifty per cent, moro than is now paid for the four-weoldy mail via Galle, a company, with the necossary funds, could be easily formed who would purchase the vessels, and contract to carry on a fortnightly mail with tho same punctuality which has recently characterised the Penin- sular« and Oriental Company's service. The Chief Secrotary has been communicated with on tho Biibject, and he bas promisod to take the matter into consideration. CHANGE |OF GOVERNORS IN TAS- MANIA. Mr. Du Cane, the new governor of Tas- mania, arrived in Sydney by tho Sabraon on December 19, and after his arrival there was the guest of the1 Earl of Belmore. His Excellency spent several days at Sydney, viewing the principal objects of interest at Sydney, and recruiting himself after his voyage, prior.to entering on the duties of his oflico. Ho left Sydney on Thmsday last for Melbourne, by tho steamer Wonga Wonga, and will be the guest of His Excellency fair Henry Manners Sutton during his stay hore. Tho ex-Governor of Tasmania, Colonel Gore Browne, with his wife and family, anivod in Molbourno on Thursday, and are also staying atTooiak-house, prior to their departure for England by tho Hohnsdale, which is an- nounced to leave on the 7th inst. Previous to leaving llobait Town an address from a number of the leading ladies of tho colony was presented to Mrs. Gore Biowno, and a purse of soveicigns was also presented, besides a laige numbor of private souvenirs from the ladies who assembled to pay Mrs. Gore Browne this compliment, and to bid her farewell. An address and a testimonial wero also given to His Excellency. It is intended, wo believe, to invite Mr. Du Cane and Colonel Gore Biowne to an inspection of tho princi- pal gold-fields of the colony during then-brief stay in Victoria. TnE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND. The news from tho seats of war in New Zealand is more hopetul'than the accounts received last month. Tho enemy looms less formidably, and tho panic is subsiding, We hear no more of tho ridiculous story of an attack on the town of Wanganui, Tito Kowai u, with his 700 or 800 men, has fallen back, much encumbered with wounded, and with a considerable prey of cattle,, collected from tho deserted settlements. There have been divers skirmishes of an insignificant character ; and on tho coast a more serious encounter, in -which the insurgents wero de- feated, thirty of them slain, and To Koti himself dangciously wounded, or, according to the first report, lulled. Tho whito com- mander wished to wait for reinforcements, but the native contingent refused, believing themselves sufficiently strong for theoccasion, as tho result proved - a fact which shows no disaffection among "our allies" in that quarter. At the two seats of tho war, recruits wero fast pouring in, and the constabulary fot co alone was said to muster 1,200 men, of courso undisciplined. Tho Government in Wellington havo offered a roward of a thousand pounds for the person of Tito Kowari!, and five pounds for every Hauhau prisoner, man or lad ; and volunteers have been invited for a guerilla corps com- petent to scour the bush. New changes are taking pince in the command, and Colonel M'Donnell is to be recalled, and placed at the head of a reorganised body of the friendly Maories in the west. Tho ? revolt doe? not spread as yet ; the Maori King still holds aloof, though many of his followers aie said to havo gone to tho war, and the appiohonsions of a rising in the Waikato and in other quarters are still unfulfilled. At a public meet- ing in Wellington, it was declared that Ino colonists ought in this emoigcnoy to rely upon themselves, and that no aid should bo sought from tho homo Government or tho regular army ; whilo, on tho other hand, a petition has boon addressed to Hor Majesty, through the Governor; from 005 "wives, mothers, and daughters of Wanganui settlers," asking "that tho efforts of this loyal and well-alfcctcd district, and of the wholo island, may bo speedily supplemented by tho aid of Imperial troops." . i . The forco of Tito Kowaru was supposed to bo at Pnpntupu' on tbo 27th ult., about 600 strong in fighting men. Colonel Whit- more reported under that same dato that eight of tho enemy > had been killed in a i small cavalry affair, in which Soigeant, G. Maxwell, of tho Kai Iwi cavalry, distin- guished himself by killing thieo of the rebels. A party of tho natives,, howovor, had succeedod in taking a number of kegs of gunpowder from au escprt. i wo learn from telegrams of the Dunedin journals to December 12, that Tito Koworu's earthwork, fronting Wopdall's redoubt, has been destroyed, tho cavalry having found it abandoned. > ' Private lettots horn Napier reluctantly lead one to tho conclusion that the collapse of the lato campaign 'iru tho EUAt'Coast did result from tbo previous unpopularity of Colonel Whitmore with the natives. Howovor great his militaiy skill may be, his unpopularity, is unfortunately still greater, and must con- tinue to paralyse his,operations. "Having been sent thither against the earnest protests, conveyed by telegraph, of ,Mr. M'Lean, the wholo responsibility of the operations on the East Coast rests on the Government, The utmost indignation .is expressed fro.n one end cf the Dost Coast, to tho other at Colonel Whitmoro's command. ,Tho most insulting announcement?!, aro chalked up on tho walls,- while the newspapers aro. full of depreciatory statements j and'a memorial to > " l ,'.,'-. i ", I . , i » i.l \--- 'I the Governor, which has already boen signed by hundreds, has been got up,"pomting out the probable consequences of this step. . . Tho Ngatiporou and the Wairoa natives havo all gone home, and the Ahuriri natives will do the same by the next steamer. Colonol Whitmore could not induce them to remain, and ho is loft alono with his European forcent Turanganui. Mean while, the enemy has time to concentrate his scattered forcos and entrench himself. The result of the lato fighting is absolutely w7. Colonel Whitmore bos been succeeded in command at the front by Captain Horrick, nn untried man, who has been promoted to . the rank of Lieutenant-Colonol. Captain Stack, tho agent of the Now Zealand Government who carno to Mel- bourne last month for tho purpose of raising 200 recruits for the armed constabulary em- ployed at the seat of war, has bcon as suc- cessful as he could havo wished in his mis- sion. The full complement has been ob- tained, and Captain Stack considers thom a very fine body of men. THE GOLD-FIELDS. Tho holiday-making which always comos with tho end of a year and the beginning of a new one has intoifered to some extent with the usually industrious mining class ; and the history of the past month does not contain any items of, extraordinary interest. Tho Spring Creek rush', which broke out somo six weeks ago, is rapidly justifying tho golden opinions that werofrom the first formed,of it. Houses, stores, and places of entertainment are being erected in all directions. > Some of theso are of iron, but the great majority of them aro of wood. All nations havo con- tributed to swell the population, and there aro now some 14,000 people on the ground. The diggings extend for somo seven miles iu length, and they are from six to sovon claims abreast on the main lead, while numerous tributaries aro found which give handsome icturnB. Several'claims1 wliioh were supposed to bo duffers were sold to Chinamen, and have since given thirty ounces to tho load. These, however, wore exceptionally rich ; two ounces to tho load is tho average yield. The want of water, which is sold at 2d. a bucket, is a serious drawback ; but with proper appliances it is believed that an adequate supply could easily bo fur- nished from tho Goulburn, tho levels being favourable to such' a scheme. Up to the bottoming of tho last bolo, thero was no reason to suppose that the gold had diminished in quantity, and thero is every probability of a tolerably rich load extending for miles. The rush is fast assuming the ap- pearance of a sottled township, and arrange- ments have already boen mado for the holding of courts oi potty sessions there. The main street is about half a milo in length, and business sites are worth from £;{ to £'1 por foot, i The largest nugget yot found is one weighing nearly sixteen pennyweights. Tho Berlin rush maintains its reputation for largo nuggets, and ono weighing 13Alb. bos recently been found. A 2Goz. nugget is also reported from the Freestone Creek diggings, Gipps Land. A discovery of some importance has been made at Maryborough, in the claim of the Band of Hopo Company. Chinaman's Flat. Over four ounces of gold havo been obtained from a tin dishful of washdirt, and ono puddling machine of washdirt has produced 33oz. of gold. AGRICULTURE. Wo are now in tho midst of harvest, and the yield of wheat is everywhoro good. It seldom happens that much is cut boforo Christmas, but this year all the wheat has been reaped or gathered in the earlier dis- tricts, and in two or three-weeks more it will bo all down. In somo districts thero has been a scarcity of labour, as usual, but thU has not been very soverely felt in any, the num- ber of machines in use now rendering the fnimcrsso much moro independent than they were. Strippers on tho Adelaido plan ave be- ginning to bo used to somo extent in the Ovens and Murray districts, and in other warm parts of the colony where the crops aro licht and accustomed to ripen suddenly ; and with these very few hands aro required. Although harvest commenced nt least a fort- night earlier than usual, tho wheat did nob ripen so suddenly, as there was for some time only too much reason to fear it would, somo rather heavy showers having fallen since the commencement of ¡.ummcr. These filled out tho grain well, and the quality of tho wheat this year is very superior. The weather has been on tho whole favourable for harvest work, little rain having fallen since reaping commenced, and fewdnyshavingboon very hot. The heat of Thursday week was, however, ex home ; and had not the wind chanced eavjy from north to south, much of the ripe grain then standing would havo been shaken out. In Gipps Land tho heat was felt more severely than is usual oven with tho worst of hoc winds, and fires appoar to havo been moro general there than olsowhoro, romindiug tho inhabitants strongly of "Black Thursday." There were bush fires all round Sale, and some of tho farmors near Clyde Bank arc said to havo lost portions of their crops. Much grass and somo fencing was burned also on several of tho runs. It is early for fires in Gipps Land, hut thero was so little rain in that part of the country that the scanty supply-of grass is drying up far too quickly. Feed for the stock is running short in other parts of tho country also, and the only reason to suppose that there will not bo serious bush fires is the rather unsatisfactory one, that there will soon be nothiug in tho shape of grass to burn. But the funnels will have to bo very careful this season, for every- thing about them will be so dry thal fires on cultivated land will bo hard to extinguish when, they do break ont. Hay has been a fair crop, except on tho long-tilled lands near town, and in limited portions of the country, where the yield is short ; but oats aro every wheie light. Potatoes piomiso well as yet, but if wo do not have moro rain, they will shortly begin to assume a sickly aspect, oxcopt in those' tracts of good land winch lio near tho coast. A largo proportion of tho wheat crop has been gathered in South Australia, ana tho yield is exceeding expectations. Al- lowing that the samo extent of land was sown with wheat this year as last, it is calculateel that tho total yield will bo at least 0,000,000 bushels ; and as 2,G00,00O will moro than buflice for home'consumption and seed, thoro will again bo a surplus of ovor -1,000,000 bushels available for shipment. This colony will not need any, and New South Wales not veiy much, so that tho greater part of this surplus will hnvo to bo sent to England. Prices aro giving way hero fast, and must bo soon down to shipping rates, which they havo almost reached in South Australia. Specu- lators tried hard somo months ago to mako it appear that there must bo an absoluto scaroity of breadstuff's by this time, but the now grain is being converted into Hour, and wo havo still a surplus on' hand, though not by any means a largo one. At present it can bo only vaguely surmised what the total yield of this colony will be ; but with an increased aroa of land sown with wheat, in consequence of the high price ruling at seed time and a good yield, thoro will bo moro than sufficient for our own consumption. It has been 'dotor mined by tho Board of Agriculture to hold tho National Grain Show for this year at Sandhurst, and the collection of grain oiiRht to bo a very fine one. Tho board gives £H00 and tho local society £400, so that a libornl prize-list may bo offered. The Bendigo dis- trict excels in tho production of grapes and wine, and theso will doubtless bo prominent features of tho exhibition. Preserved fruits ' aro also likely to be shown in quantity, an this is ono of the minor industries becoming generally established amongst us. Fruit is now becoming so plentiful that ono-half of it cannot bo consumed fresh, and it has to be so disposed of. Ripo gooseberries used to be scarco under a climate onco thought much too warm for thom, but evon>tboy aro ."so abundant this year that a considerable quan- tity of gooseberry witto will bo made. And of other wine, thoro promises to bcplonty, too, for the vineyards' look exceedingly well. Owingito'gonernl ignorance of the symptoms, the oidium was spreading in Nowi South Wales, coming southward from Queensland ; hut now that the'alarm has boen, given, ;wo may bono that tho free use of sulphur will keep it from tho vineyards of this colony. LABOUR MARKET. ' ' .r .1 There has been considerable activity in pur labour market'during the post month, owing chiefly to the exigencies of harvest» but also refera Wo to .the ¡ paucity of supply, ' Tas ^marila^h^'bccV 'drawing upon u? rather '.'.jj i¡. heavily, in tho construction bflheiaunceston ( and Western Railway, upon which-it-Iis gstí-t mated that over COO Victorians are. already! engaged. Nor is it a matter of surprise' that this should bo the case, when it is remem- bered that the pay of a pick-and-shovel man ranges from 6s. to 7s. per day. The harvest rato1 of pay has been from 6s. to 7s. per day, with rations, and even at these high prices the requisite numbor of hands could not anywhere be obtained, so that Chinamen and lads have been pressed into the service upon terms but slightly less favourable. Throughout the agricultural districts wages are high and men scarce. This state of things is equally common to tho town as to the country ; mon who can and will work aro caught up readily enough. There aro, of course, certain classes of people calling themselves workmen who aro never able.to fall into tho good service others obtain, and their complaints are loud and long. But these are the loafers that infest every city, and here often find their way up country. As an indication of the healthy condition of our labour market, the fact may be taken of Captain Stack, an officer sent from New Zealand for tho onrolmen* of volunteers, had difficulty in obtaining even the small com- pany of 200 men. He offered 5s. per day. or 3s. 6d. per day with rations, and hold out other inducements in tho shape of pen- sions to the wounded. Then we have in im- mediate contemplation a very extonsive piece of work, viz., the Upper .Hurray Railway, which will call for large numbers of men as soon as commenced. It does not seem at all clear at present where the labour is to come from ; but it is perfectly evident that the effect will be to increaso the Tate of wages for labour throughout the colony. Just now, more than over, it is felt that the work- ing population ot the country requires to be increased by immigration, and there is small doubt that this feeling will develope itself actively before long. Femalo labour is in- quired for; good domestic servants are in demand, as aro competent cooks, and ser- vants for stations. There is as much diffi- culty here in obtaining good servants, not- withstanding wages are threo times as high, as there is in England. Our quotations of last month have been firmly main- tained, prices being as foUow-Stonemasons and bricklayers, 10s. per day; carpenters, 9s. do. ; builders' labourers, '7s. do. ; shep- herds, £30 to £40 per annum ; shearers, 16s. to 17s. per 100 ; superior do., 18s. per do. ; hutkeepers, £22 nor year : lads (who can milk), 12s. per week ; general farm labourers, 15s. to 20s. do. ; three-rail fencers (stuff laid on the line), Is. 9d. to 2s. per rod ; grubbers and splitters and foncera, 4s. per rod; wood-sphtters, 3s. 6d. per ton ; gardeners, 20s. to 23s. and 28s. (first-class) per week ; bush carpenters, 18s. to 20s. per week, with rations ; general carpenters undertaking bushwork, 30s. do. ; black and shoeing smiths, 30s. do. ; wheelwrights, 35s. to 40s. do. ; brickmakeU, 18s. to 20s. per 1,000, with rations ; marriod couples, without encumbrance (first-class), from £55 to £65 per annum ; do. (second class), £45 to £55 do. ; female sorvants (good), country, £26 to £28 do. ; laundresses, £20 to £28 do.' ; i cooks, housemaids, £26 do. ; nursegirls, 5s. to 7s. per week. Common labour may be quoted at 6s. to 7s. per day. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of traffic receipts on the Vic- torian railways continue to exhibit, in some measure, the same favourable characteristics bywhich they have been distinguished during the last six months. It is evident that this system of lines is beginning to bo more tho- roughly appreciated as a means of rapid and safe transit for goods ; and there is overy rea- son to believe that under a management that worked the railways economically, and served the country cheaply, they would fully answer the purpose of theirconstruction-the develop- ment of the resources of those districts through Which they pass. This is apparent from the fact that it is the greater amount of goods and minerals carried which gives from week to week the advance on the returns of last year. In the statement for the week ending 24th December, 1808, for instance, the carriage of goods and minerals produced £7,441 4s. lid. against £5,231 15s. 6d. in the corresponding piriod of 1867-an increase of £2,209 odd. But the passenger traffic gave only £G,G17 5s. lOd. against £8,101 10s. lid. in the same week of 1867-a decrease of £1,574, and this notwithstanding the issuo of third class and excursion tickets. The general statement is as follows :- Total receipts for the week, £14,75018s. Ud., as compared with £14,080 0s. Gd. in the same period of 1807 ; aggregate receipts to this date, £571,530 10s. 8d., as against £541,996 Js. 2d. ; weekly average for the fifty- one weeks, £11,200 9s. 8d.. against £10,027 7s. 6d. The Melbourno and Hobson'sBay United Railway Company's statement of receipts for the week ending 24th December is not so encouraging as usual, though the exceptional character of tho passenger trafile at this time last year in some degree accounts for the difference. In the corresponding week of last year £2,403 was derived from passenger-traffic, while in the present statement the receipts from this source are set down at £1,424 only a decrease of £079. In the carriage of mer- chandise, however, the respective figures are 1868, £1,220 3s. 8d. ; 1867, £1,159 10s. lOd, thus exhibiting a slight improvement in that department of the business. Thcro is also an increase of some £130 upon the carriage of parcels. The total receipts for the week vere £2,79011s. 7d., compared with 3,576 8s. 8d. in the coi responding period .of last year; the aggregate from the ist July .was £6L437 10s., against £60,80517s 2d., and the weekly average amounted to £2,429 14s 7d., compared with £2,3814s. Id. given as the average in 1867. The cause of tho apparent decline in tho passenger traffic is that the Christmas week last year was that of the arrival of nis Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS PITAL. During tho four months ending December 31, 1868, the following persons died while under treatment in the Melbourne Hospital, In many instances patients havo died writhout being able to afford information as to theil ?arrh al in the colony and antecedent history, but wherever possible we give tho age, place of birth, 'date of arrival, and name of the vessel, as items most likely to assist in their identification : Butler, Thomas, 25 years old. labourer, native of Ireland, arrived in 1801 by the ship Laughing Water; consumption, Brady, Mary, 21, domestic servant, nativo of Shropshire, arrived in 1803 by the ship Landsborough ; consumption. Cameron, Samuel, 45, labourer, native of North America; died from disease of tho brain ; no particulars as to arrival. Canter- bury, Thomas, 56, labouier, native of Exeter, arrived in 186!!,, by what ship not known ; pleuro- pneumonia. Franke!, Albert, 53, carver, native of Bristol, arrived in 1853 by tho ship Mar- chioness of Londonderry ; fracture of the skull. Gallagher, John, 37, letter-carrier, native of Ireland, arrived in 1850 by the Royal Charter ; disease of the heart. Hogg, Joseph, 39, tailor, native of Cum- berland, arrived in 1855 by tho Gipsy Bride; consumption. Holloway, Maitha, 30, do- mestic sei vant, native of Somersetshire, arrived in 18C4 by tho ship Clara Symes ; con- sumption. Kelly, Dennis, 61, labourer, nativo of Ire- land, arrived in 1846 by the ship Swordfish ; cirrhosis of the liver. Lallan, James, 30, labourer, native of Ire- land, arrived in 1864, name of ship not stated ; consumption, M'Donald, John, 48, stone-sawyer, native of Kent, arrived m 1859 by the ship Gipsy Bride ; plumbum. M'Gughy. Elisabeth, i domestic servant, native of Iroland, arrived in 1863 by the ship Ivanhoe ; consumption. M'Laughlan, James, 46, native of Scotland ; .deceased was suffering from exhaustion from -abscess, and died on the day of his admission without being able to givefurthor informa-' lion than that ho arrived in 1852. Northcote, Catherine, 23, domestic servant; died from consumption, .being unable to afford particulars as to arrival. O'Shea, James, 30, butcher, native of Ire ' land, arrived in 1850 by the ship British Empire ; exhaustion from abscess. Perks, Henry, 57, painter, a native of Don don, arrived in 1803, but by what ship is not ' stated : died from fever, i . . ' . , Scanlon, Ellon, 31, native of Limerick, arrived in 1866 by tho ship Talbot ; consump tion. Thomson, William, 50. seaman, nativo of Ayrshire, arrived in 1853 by the ship Racer ; serous apoplexy, Trickey, Eliza. 36, native of Gloucester, arrived in 1857 by the ship Lobelia; diseasoof the heart Wallis, Esther Ellen, 40, native of Bristol, arrived in 1852 by the ship Eliza ; dysentery. Wield, James, 50, labourer, native of Notting, ham, arrived in .1852 by tho ship Essex ; uuicess in tho tram. Williams, ïliomas, 39, c'erk.^anativoef Wales ;"rhed;ed in.-'a fit of apoplexy, unable' toigive any particulars as to arrival. ,\ \ - t ' ' ! \> v J"*1 " v V SPORTING^ i X Our New Year's Day" race meeting passed off very successfully, though the attendance was smaller than usual, owing to the bois- terous and threatening weather in the morn- ing, -which, by the. way, had a discouraging effect on the other outdoor amusements usually indulged in on the first day of tho year. ' It is estimated, however, that' some 15,000 persons were On tho course ; and the racing was witnessed by His Excellency the Governor and Lady Manners Sutton. The great prize-the Port Phillip Stakes again, went to Sydney, Mr. Tait winning the race with The Barb, another of his horses, Glencoe, the winner of the Melbourne Cup in November, coining to the post second The only othor horses that started wero Mr. W. Field's Strop, which ran third, and Mr, G. Myhae's Fireworks. The race, which was won easily, was done in 5min. 46sec, the distance being three miles. The Grand National Steeplechase was won by "Viking, by a fluke, through the riders of Ballarat ana Babbler mistaking the courso, and going in- side one of the fences. Tho Flemington' Stakes fell to Charon (Mr. Hurtle Fisher's colt), with Gondolier (half brother to Charon) second. The Victoria Derby, for three-year olds, was won by Mr. Wilson with Mr. Moffatt's filly My Dream, Antelope being second ; and the Midsummer Handicap was carried off by the same owner with the filly Gasworks,' both winners being of Fisherman descent. The Hurdle Race was won by Mr. R. Orr's Pnnce Alfred, aud tho £50 Plate, which brought the meeting to a close, by Mr. S. Waldock's Palladium. With the exception of the Metropolitan Meeting, there aro no important racing events to record. The Smythesdale Races, which followed the Ballarat Spring Meeting, took place on the 10th and 11th December. On the first day, the principal ovont ran foi was the Smythesdale Handicap, which was won by Mr*. W. Craig'» Nimbleloot. The Hurdle Race was won by Standard Bearer, tho Stewards' Cup by The Nun, and the District Plate by Blair Athol. On the second day of the meeting, Yorkshireman won the Selling Hurdle Race, Standard Bearei being second. The Ladies' Purse was won by Salem Scudder, and the Grenville* Handicap by Snip The St. Kilda Annual Races came on on Boxing Day, on the course near the Village Belle Hotel, the attendance being larger than usual. The Maiden Plate was won by Mr. Jones's Nimrod, the Hurdle Race by linea (the pro- perty of the samo owner), tho Novel Race by Mr. J. Tucker's Lucy Neale, and the Village Belle Handicap by Mr. S. Cole's JMusidora. The Preston races, which took place on the following Monday, were thinly attended, and the entries woro rather few in number. Nim- rod, who won tho maiden plato at St. Kilda on the previous Saturday, carried off tho Publican's Purse and Town Plate, and Imea was the -winner of the Steeplechase. The annual race meeting at Morrisons was held on Boxing Day, when five events wero run for. The attendance was small, and few horses wero entered. Athletic sports are becoming very popular here. Since the annual gathering in con- nexion with tho Melbourno Cricket Club, tho Scotch College and Wesley CoUege havo had meetings of a similar character, in which the scholars have more or less distinguished themselves. At Hawthorn, the pupils of the Grammar School have also exhibited their skill and strength in athletic exercises, and there is little doubt that these celebrations will become annual affairs. A great deal of attention has also been paid to rowing, and if each of the clubs now esta- blished send one or two crews to the next regatta, the events will be well contested. A new club, called the Albert, whose mem- bers consist principally of those engaged ia commercial pursuits, has lately made its ap- pearance, and commences its career with a tolerably numerous roU of members. There is never a very extensive field here for anglers, and during the early part of the season the sport obtainab'e in the rivers near town was unusually poor. Lately, however, there has been a wonderful improvement, and large baskets are now the rulo instead of the exception. Tho principal fishing (bream) has been done in the Saltwater Rivor, where some very large takes have been made. At the shop of Mr. Alves alone there wero registered in one day 230 fish, weighing 3501b , the follow- ing being somo of the best baskets :-Mr. Larkins, 11 fish, 18lb. ; Mr. Owen, 7 fish, 141b. ; Mr. Thomson, 25 fish, 38Hb. ; P. M , l8 fish, 251b. ; W. H., 13 fish, 181b. Tho largest fish lately caught weighed 3|ll>., which, until recently, would have been considered quito an uncommon size for bream. Apropos of angling, it may be men- tioned that several Gipps Land perch have lately been caught in the Saltwater River, showing that the efforts of the Anglers' So- ciety to introduce this fish into the Mel- bourne waters have not been altogether un- successful No cricket matches of any great importance havo been played. A two days' match betweon the M.C.C. and World was got up for the benefit of Gideon Elliott, who has been in failing health for some time, but the attend- ance was very poor on both occasions, although one of the days selected was tho great holiday of the year- Boxing Day. The numerous other attractions offered to the public were, no doubt, the cause of the non success of the match. THE THEATRES, &c.; The great theatrical events of the month havo, of course, been the production of the Christmas pantomimes at tho various theatres, though the dramatic season did not termi- nate uninterestingly. Mr, Walter Mont- gomery's engagement at the Duke of Edin- burgh Theatro ended on Saturday, ßtb December, when he appeared as Sir Giles Overreach, in "A New Way to Pay Old Debts." After the performance Mr. Mont- gomery, in compliance with a general call, appeared before the curtain, and made a few brief remarles, in which he tendered his thanks to the public for the constant support he had received, and hoped to have tho opportunity of again appearing; before a Melbourne audience ero he finally quitted these pleasant and hospitable shores. A week later, Mr. Montgomery appeared onco more at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, whore he played for the benefit of the manager, Mr. Roberts. He sustained on this occasion the rule of tho Stranger, in the play of that name, and was supported by Miss Adelaido Bowring, who appeared as Mrs. HaUer. Mr. Montgomery has since been giving a sories of his recitals in the provinces, and ho proposes to visit Tasmania before making his final appearauec in Melbourne. The night after Mr. Mont- gomery's farewell performance the drama of " Foul Play, " adapted from Messrs. Reade and Boucicault's story hy Mr. Marcus Clarke, of this city, was produced, the prin- cipal characters being sustained by Miss Adelaide Bowring, Mr. J. B, Steele, Mr. G. II. Ireland, &o.; The play had a tolerably good run, and after its withdrawal "Black Sheep " was reproduced. At the termination of the season Miss Adelaide Bowring took a benefit, appearing as Manana in Sheridan Knowle8's play of " The Wife." The theatre was re-opened for the holiday season on Boxing night when the pantomimo of "Sinbad the Sailor," localised and adapted from the Drury-lane piece, was very success- fully produced. Miss Joey Gougenheim, who used to bo a great favourite here, re-appeared on the occasion, after a very long absence from Melbourne, ia the character of Sinbad, und received a very cordial welcome. The scenory in tho búrleseme opening is very pretty, and a channing ballet is introduced, while the transformation scene is one of the most gorgeous ever produced in Melbourne, The pantomime altogether is a highly agreeable and amusing Christmas piece, and Mr. Roberts may be congratulated on the entire success of tho new production. ' The principal events in connorion with the 'Theatre Royal, beyond the production of the usual pantomime, havo beon tho re-appear ance of Miss Cleveland as Lady Isabel, in "East Lynne;" and the temporary re- tirement from the stage of Miss Marion Dunn, whoso health has been affected by a long and arduous theatrical campaign. There was a good house on the occasion of her benefit. Miss Dunn appearing as the vivandière in "The Child of the Regiment," and as Arthur in Mr. Akhurst's burlesque on "Tho Idylls of the King." The burlesque of tho "Siegeof Troy," by tho same author, was reproduced, and was played for several nights prior .to the closing of the theatre for the preparation of tho Christmas entertain- ment. The house was re-oponed on Christ- mas Eve, instead of on Boxing Night, when a new pantomimo, by Mr. w. M. Akhurst^ was produced. The subject selected by Mr. Akhurst on this occasion was tho familiar story of Robinson Crusoe, which has beon so much altered in the process it has undergone as to be scarcely recognisablo. The author in this instance has not been so successful as usual, and the burlesque, re- garded ftom a literary poii\t of view, is de- cidedly inferior to the previous productions of his pen. Mr. Hennings, however, has painted some scenery wbibh- would insure success for almost any piece, and the panto- mime will no doubt have a run of some dura- tion. The attendance on the opening night was poor, but the houses have since' been very good. It is understood that Mr. Har- wood, ono of the lessees of the theatre, pur- poses visiting England early this year, with the view of procuring a fresh supply of dra- matic talent. The Princess's Theatre was opened on Boxing Night for a short season by Mr. Chapelle, tho lessee of tho Varieties, when a miscellaneous entertainment, including vaudeville, comic vocalism, sketches of cha- racter, and burlesquo pantomime was pre sented. The pantomime, or Tather the travesty of the regular pantomimic entertain- ment, was afterwards discontinued, and the Performances then resembled, those given at the Varieties, most of the performers doing duty at both places. Miss Eloîse Juno, Mr. Charles Young, and Mr. T. S. Bellah also appeared, and the comediettas of " Our Nelly" and "The Bonny Fisbwifo" wero amongst the things which were dono. Tho attendance, however, was so unsatisfactory that the theatre was closed on Saturday last. The Varieties has beenkopt open as a place of musical entcrtainmonr, and the principal feature of the performances has been tho singing of Mr. Barry O'Ncil, who has be- come an established favourito with the audiences. The usual Christmas performances of tho "Messiah" have been given by the Mel- bourne Philharmonic Society, which is at last free from debt. The oratorio was pro- duced on Christmas Eve at St. Georgo's-hall. with tho usual bond and chorus, the principal vocalists being Miss Watson, Miss Lambert, Mr. A. Ford, and Mr. S. Angus. On Christ- mas night the performance was repeated in the Collins-street Independent Church. The church organ on this occasion supplied the place of tho orchestra, and the solos wero sung by Miss Staff, Miss Lambert, Mr. E. Exon, and Mr. C. Blanchard. On the samo night a miscellaneous concert of sacred music was given in the Theatre Royal, under tho management of Mr. Elsosser. MEMOEIAIi TO THE LATE G. V. BROOKE. When intelligence arrived in the colony nearly threo years ago of the loss of tho eminent actor G. V. Brooko, in the steamship London, some of his friends and admirers started the idea of raising some memorial of his fame ; but, unfortunately, after the first few weeks those gentlemen became rather lukewarm in their efforts, many who had professed themselves friends of Brooke when he was alive, not only taking no active part in the movement, but apparently trying to thwait it. ,Tho gentlemen connected with the newspaper press of the city, however, de- termined not to let the matter drop, and though their occupation is one that gives them very little leisure, they managed to bring off successfully a sories of amateur theatrical performances, from which they realised a sum of £200. For this amount they commissioned Mr. Charles Summers to execute a bust of the late tragedian. Mr. Summors performed his task in London, and the bust arrived in Mel- bourne a few weeks ago. On the 29th ult. it was presented to the trustees of the Public Library and Museum of Art, the ceremony being attended by about forty press men. Tho presentation speech was made by Mr. 6. P. Smith, the Attorney-General, who was one of the press committee: and Sir Redmond Barry replied on behalf of the trustees of the library, and after alluding to the abilities of Mr. Brooke, and tho credit which the press deserved for their attempt to perpetuate his memory, concluded thus-"I may be per- mitted now to point out to you that on the other side of this hall there is the commence- ment of a collection of portraits of mon who have had in their hands the working out of the early destinies of the people of these young states-of the Governors who watched the cradle of this and other Australian com- munities in their infancy. This collection we hope will be completed before long. As we look on these, history will try their memories by the canons of impartial justice. due allowance being mado ior the diflicuHiês under which they conducted the ship of stato through the perils to which she was exposed. As we turn to those we may regard them as having embellished the moro intimate circles of our social life, and with a more indulgent criticism judge the powers they exercised so worthily in entertaining, improving, and enlightcningour minds." The bust is a rino work of art, and is a very fair likeness of Brooke. SPEECH-DAYS AT THE SCHOOLS. The closo of the scholastic year has been maTkcdbythe usual number of "speech days" and prize distributions which precede the Christmas holidays. These exhibitions commenced on the 15th December, on which day His Excellency tbo Governor (accom- panied by Lady Man nora Sutton, Miss Man- ners Sutton, and JJieut. HothweU) attended a crowded gathering at St. Georgo's-hall, the occasion being the speech-day of the Scotch College. Tho performances of the pupils were frequently ûmSlaiided, some of tho elocution- ary exercises being given with notable suc- cess. At the conclusion His Excellency distributed the prizes awarded to suc- cessful candidates, prefacing this proceeding with a few observations expressive of the gratification he had derived from all that ho had seen and heard. On the same day was held the annual exhibition of the St. Kilda Collegiate Academy, at which Dr. Pattorson presided and distributed the prizes. The pupils were examined in tho various branches of study pursued in the school, with a viow of Ehowing the degree of efficiency attainod, readings, recitations, &c;, boing interspersed occasionally. The chairman, when about to distribute the prizes, congratulated both pupils and teachers upon tho efficiency of a system of instruction which produced such gratifying results as they had that day wit- nessed. On the 17th wero held tho speech-days of the Church of England Grammar-school, and the South Melbourne Grammar-school. Tho first was celebrated in the large hall of the school, on the St. Kilda-road, which was prettily decorated with flags. Hero, also, His Excellency the Governor was present, with the ladies of his family, as were also Dr. Perry (bishop of Melbourne), the Rev. Dean Macartney, Sir J. T. Palmer, &c.; The bishop of Melbourno presided, and addressed the assemblage pleasantly ; then the boys went through their various exercises with general success, being frequently applauded ; and. finally, tho prizemen received the reward of their diligence and application from the hands of His Excellency himself. At tho South Melbourne Grammar-school exhibi- tion, tho major of Melbourno (Mr. Thomas Moubray) presided. The proceedings excited consideiable interest. St. George's-hall, in which the gathering was held, being densely crowded with visitors. Specimens of penman- ship, drawing, and mapping were exhibited, which displayed a large amount of skill, and delicacy of manipulation. The elocution of the boys was highly creditablo, the concluding piece "The Irish Schoolmaster," creating a good deal of amusement. Tho singing by which the programme was varied was also good. Tho mayor distributed theprizes. The speech-day of South Yarra Collego was also celebrated very successfully on this day at the town-hall of Prahran. The Rev. G. Mackie was in tho chair, and his Honour Judgo Pohlman, with other well-known gentlemen, were present,. The hoi's selected for examination wont through their performances with a fair amount of skill, and were much applauded in their various efforts. On the 21st tbo annual)distribution of prizes at St. Patrick's College took place in the main hall of that building. Tho llev. Dr. Goold, Boman Catholic bishop of Mel- bourne, presided, and was supported by several members o£ the clergy. An ode of welcome to the bishop, writton for tho occa- sion, was well spoken by one of the scholars, and was received with great applause. One of the most satisfactory displays of elocution was furnished by au historical debate regard- ing the relative merits.of the Panic ana Na- poleonic wars.- Some very interesting che- mical e_peri_e_ts were performed by two'of the pupils, and songs wero sung: by others. At the conclusion of tho proceedings, the prizes wero distributed by thu bishop. ¡ The week of speech-days concluded on tho 22nd, when three educational establishments for girls celebrated their anniversaries. The eleventh i annual concert, and dis- tribution of prizes at the young ladies' boarding-school attached to the Nicholson street convent was a very long but greatly interesting affair. The proceedings commenced at ten o'clock in the morning and closed at about four o'clock in the afternoon. Dr. Goold, "oman Catholic bishop of Melbourne, presided. A vocal and instrumental concert constituted the first part of the proceedings, and was followed (after refreshments had been served) by a drama enacted by the more advanced pupils, and entitled, " Pabiola ; or, The Young Martyr of Rome," adapted by the Rev. W. .Kelly from the story by Cardinal, "Wiscmaur After this,* which" was""very ere" ditably done, the prizes were distributed by the bishop, who then received an address of welcome, spoken by one of" the pupils; a suitable' reply 'brought the proceedings to a close. The first annual speech-day of the East Melbourne Ladies'Col- lege also came off with considerable success. The pupils gave an' excellent exhibition 'of theiracquirements in drawing, music, French, German, 'and other branches ,of study. A satisfactory report of the progress of tho col- lege was then read, and prizes were pre- sented by Mr. J. G. Francis to the young ladies who had most distinguished thom selves ' in the various classes. Mons, and Madamo Hertogs, principals of the college, were presented by the pupils with a very hand- some silver-mounted inkstand. It was on the evening of this day that the pupils of the school attached to St. James's Cathedral as_ scmblcd to witness the distribution of prizes previously awarded at the several examina- tions during tho year. This ceremony was performed by the mayor of Melbourne, the children singing at intervals a number of school songs in a very superior manner. . CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S HOLIDAYS. The festivities which always accompany Christmas, and usher in the New Year, were enjoyed this year as heartily as ever. The weather was most favourable, and the com- munity thoroughly gave itself up to the plea- sures of tho season. Tho first day of the holidays (Christmas Day) was, as is the custom in Melbourne, quietly and decorously ob- served. There were services in the various Episcopalian and Roman Catholic churches, the full choral service being given at St. Peter's and other of the English churches, while at St. Francis's Cathedral pontifical high mass was celebrated by the Right Rev. Bishop Goold. Out-door amusement was con- fined to the usual visits to the sea-side and quiet picnics in the parks, while a limited number went in for trips down the bay in the excursion steamers. On Boxing Day, how- ever, nearly every place of public amusement or resort was largely visited, and the day, in fact, was entirely devoted to enjoyment. The Oddfellows' fêle attracted its thousands, and the races at St. Kilda, the fête at Williamstown, and the Catholic picnic at the Botanical-reserve, were all well attended. Then tbcro was the German picnic in the Survey-paddock, the cricket match and sports on tbo Melbourne ground, and the games at Footscray, all of which had their quota of visitors, though in tho case of the Melbourne sports the attendance was very scanty. Of course, the various parks and reserves were not without their visitors, and boating on the Yarra was indulged in to a very large extent. In the ovening, the Theatre Royal, the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, and the Princess's Theatre were open, besides other minor jlaces of amusement, and in most instances there were large holiday audiences. The celebration of New Year's-day was in general respects similar to that of Boxing-day, the character of the holiday-keeping being mainly the same, with the exception of the race meeting of the V.R.C., held on Now Year's-day, on the Flemington course, which was largely attended. The Foresters' fête at the Zoological-gardens was held the same day, and there were also German picnics at Toorak and at the Survey-paddock. Steamers plied to Queenscliff and Schnapper Point with their freights of excursionists, and Brighton beach was frequented by crowds of holiday-keepers. A large number of country visitors wero in Melbouino to share in the metropolitan amusements of the season, and altogether the great midsummer holidays were celebrated with the spirit with which Victorians usually give themselves up to their recreations. TREATMENT OP SNAKE-BITE. The value of Professor Halford's discovery for the treatment of snake-bite is every day becoming more apparent. To the case of Mr. John Brown, stationmaster at Elsternwick, alluded to in last month's summary, and who has since completely recovered the effects of a bite inflicted by a large brown snake, there have been added many others. About a fortnight since a man named Philip Ed- monds, employed at Carngham, received a bite in the le>r from a snake said to be five feet in length. The wound was immediately scarifiedandsucked. Dr.O'Grady havingbeen sent for, arrived soon afterwards, and pro- ceeded to apply Professor Halford's remedy. The wound was allowed to bleed freely, being at the same time bathed with aq. am- monia?. A vein in the right ann was then opened, and a mixture of ammonia and water-one drachm of the former to two and a half drachms of the latter-injected, while small draughts of ammoniacal brandy-and water were administered at intervals of half an hour. The patient was also kept walking until from sheer fatigue he was incapablo of further exeition. This treatment havingbeen continued for four hours, the services of a gal ?v anio battery were had recourse to, and a mo- derate current of electricity conveyed through the system. After two hours, symptoms of returning animation were apparent, and in a short time the patient was ahle to walk about the room. A fit of stupor subsequently succeeded, but this passed off in a short time, and at its termination perfect consciousness ensued, and the man was so far recovered as to he pronounced out of danger. This treat- ment was found equally efficacious in another and very singular case which occurred about a week ago. It was that of a young girl named Isabella Melross, residing at Smythes- dale, who, while drawing water from a hole, bad been bitten by a carpet snake on the extremity of the little finger of the riçht hand. Dr. Barnett was called in, and applied ammonia somewhat similarly to tho method pursued as above stated. The case was of a serious character.owingnodoubt to thetender age of the patient, but she was enabled to walk about tho following day, the effects of the poison having been completely overcome. On the following day the same girl was again bitten by a snake of the same species. Her mother at once acted as previously, by ox cising the wound, applying ammonia, and putting on a ligature. Dr. Barnett's services were called into requisition on this occasion also, and, despite the weakness of the patient, and the aggravated effects of the second bite, he was enabled to restore the girl to con- sciousness and strength after a short time. Nothing could demonstrate more satisfac- torily the great importance of Professor Halford's mode of treatment than these cases cited above. A WHIP MANUFACTORY. Footscray bids fair to become, in process of time, an important manufacturing town. The banks of the Saltwater River aro already lined for a considerable distance with estab- lishments devoted to the manufacture of colo- nial products, and every year sees an addi- tion mado to the number of our native in- dustries. Within the last fow months a whip manufactory has been added to the list ; ana this is another illustration of the fact that protective duties are not necessary for the es- tablishment of native industries, for Mr. J. Keyston, tho proprietor of the new factory, finds himself quite equal to competing with the home producers without any special pro- tection through the Customs. Mr. Keyston, who for many years was a manufacturer of whips in Birmingham for Messrs. Box and Co., saddlers'ironmongers, of Little Collins street, arrived in the colony at the end of 1807, bringing with him tho plaiting machinery used ,in the manufacture of whips. Towards the end of May last ho established himself in an unpretending building on the Saltwater River, and commenced the manufacturo of whipgut. A thousand sheep arc capable of producing fifteen gross of catgut, and the gut is worth 7s. a gross. Mr. Kojston has experienced great diffi- culty in his operations through the absence of skilled labour in the colony. Ho em plojs about a dozen men, who have acquired the art under his instructions ; hut in a few months he expects 'two skilled men from England to join him, and ho will then com- mence the manufacture of harp and violin strings, wheel bands, clock lines, &c.; ' Mr. Keyston has a retail shop at No. 16 Bourke street west, which be supplies, but otherwise he works exclusively for the wholesale trado : and he finds that, with his knowledge of colonial requirements, ho is able to make whips which are better adapted to Australian life and moro durable than those from Eng- land. Thus, for the buggy whip, which is in constant uso here, he employs more whale- bone than the English manufacturers use, and there is a great demand for his f our-horsu whips, buggy whips, and cart crops. It is pro- bably notgenerally known that ia tho manu- facture of a whip somo twenty or thirty ma- terials, which come from all quarters of the " globe, are used ; and a manufacturer in this colony has certain advantages which he would not cn joy in England. For instance, the raw material here at hand costs nothing:, because hitherto there has been no domand for it. while at home its value is understood ;" and tho rattan cane, which enters largely into' tho complex interior economy of a whip, rír-* riving~as dunnágo in rice and sugar ships from India, is obtainable at a merely nominal cost. Tho plaiting machine brought out hy "Mr, Keyston is tho only one in tho colony, and early next year ho expects moro machi- nery of the same choracter from England, when howiU be onablcd to carry ¡on opera rations ion a much more extensive soalo. Thb nidohinery used in tho interesting opera- tion of plaiting is similar to the lace machines common in Nottingham. . > SCIENCE AND SERMONS. ' Under this head has for some time been waged in the columns of this journal a con- troversy, now closed, in the course of which many thinking minds of the community hare expressed, their views on the assumed hostility between tho doctrines of 'religion and the deductions of science, or, rather, between tho spirit and the principles which pervade these different modes of thought. The controversy was opened by a correspondent who signed himself "Habitans in Cedar," who, in a letter to this journal, asked what reply the pulpit had to make to men like Dr. Hooker and Professor Tyndall, whose dis- courses, delivered at the late meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, were, he averred, direct chal- lenges to the professional teachers of reli- gion. In subsequent letters, the same writer, resuming his original position, explained the nature and defined the extent of the chal- lenge which Science has thrown down to Christianity, and affirmed that the funda- mental principles of tho former are entitled to rank as eternal truths. He enumerated those principles in detail, and deduced from them the inferences that a special creation is an impossibility ; that our globe has existed for countless ages ; that man is tho apex of the animal series ; that an omnipotent will, operating outside the immutable laws of nature, is an incongruity ; and that a revela- tion at variance with the eternal truths of the latter must be spurious. Then, pointing out the spread of materialism, he repeated his question, what are the professional advocates of Christianity doing to stay the flood ? This challenge, thus stated, was not allowed to pass unnoticed. A crowd of letters appeared in reply, although amongst the whole number there was not one in which the question as stated was fairly taken up and exhaustively treated. Passing over such letters as those which carne from a correspondent who wrote under the signature of " Habitans in De- serta,'' who relied on the old argumentum ad hominem, in its most offensive form, viz,, that infidel opinions were embraced by people who wished to silence the accusations of conscience, we may mention the names of the Rev. J. H. Gregory, the Rev. E. Digby Smith, tho Rev. K. Potter, another minister signing himself "C. M.," as having made noticeablo contributions to the controversy. Some of these correspondents took the objection that the principles of science were too unsettled, and too much themselves in debate, to be quoted as ne- gativing the principles of revealed religion. Others, as for instance tho Rev. R. Potter, demurred to the authority of the eternal truths of science as categorically laid down by "Habitans in Cedar ;" but, while asserting that there is no article of the catholic faith which science ventures to deny, he acknowledged that there are many pas- sages of Scripture descriptive of natural events and physical phenomena which must now be construed figuratively, instead of literally, as heretofore. The rev. P Menzies regretted that " Ha- bitans in Cedar" should attempt to under- mine the foundations of the popular faith. He dwelt upon the connexion between religious unbelief and moral depravity. The reverend gentleman went on to argue that there is nothing in the whole realm of physics to exclude the possibility of a supersensuous existence, and he combated the doctrines of the materialist as irrational and unscientific. Tho Rev. Mr. Higgin- son (Unitarian) pointed out that, but for the untenable theory of the verbal inspi- ration of the Bible, there could be no con- flict between religion and science. A "Mel- bourne Parson" refused his assent to any one of the articles of " Habitans in Cedar's " creed, and challenged him to establish their truth by logical demonstration. "C.M.,"ano- ther minister of religion, contended that the evidence of revelation is to be found in the religious consciousness that it evokes, and to which it appeals ; suggested that the apparent conllict ot science with revelation may be explicable by the faulty principles of inter- pretation applied to the latter ; and observed that what we want is tho advent of a master mind to elaborate such a science of religion as shall harmonise with and crown all the other sciences. And so the debate closed, leaving matters as when it began, each side having only stated its position without having affected that of its opponents, and having more dis- tinctly drawn the lines of demarcation, and more clearly shown the radical hostility of the fundamental principles on which each rested its convictions. NOTES FROM THE SEA. WBECK OF THE THANE OP FIFE.-The Fijian Times relates tho total wreck of the schooner Thane of Fife at Laúcala. She arrived at Levuka on tho 28 th August, and left on the 5th September for Samoa ; and while sailing through the Laúcala passage struck on one of the shoals. Endeavours were made to get her oil the reef, but they were unsuccessful, and in a short time the vessel became a total wreck. The crew and passengeis were saved. THE VOYAGE or THE THEOPUANE. - A coincidence in connexion with the recent voyago of the new iron clipper-ship Tlieo phane, is worthy of being recorded. She anchored in Hobson's Boy on Christmas Day, having left Liverpool on tho 19th of October, 1808\. Seven yeais ago-on the 20th of Oc- tober, 1861-the s.s. Great Britain sailed from Liverpool, and arrived here on the day prior to Christmas Day. The Theophane, how- ever, mado the voyage from the equator in three days less than the Great Britain, and moreover she was becalmed in the tropics for four days. Of course the Great Britain's passage was the shortest, but the results of the too voyages would show that October is a favourable season for sailing from England. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF WELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND Chr.ÁRÁhCr.3 SLICE OCR -AST SfMlURT. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Oh., Chilian; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; Hu., Hanoverian ; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G., North German, S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Bel?. Belgian ; Br" Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; K., Russian ; t., ship ; b., barque ; br., brie;; se, schooner; s.S., steamer.] Dec ARRIVED. 8\. Hacer, B. a., 742, J. Beaton, London.-Joshua Brothers. 8\. Ile et Vilaine, F. b., 300, Adolphe Bourlgnon, Mauritius.-Turnbull, Smith, and Co. O. Claymore, B. b., 207, T. Haddon, Mauritius. Connell, Watson, and Hogarth. 10\. Fairy Rock, B. br., 191, It. Hilton, Batavia. J. II. White arid Co. l8. Champion of the Seas, B. 8., 1,940, W. Baillie, Liverpool.-Bright Brothers and Co. 15\. Srca. S.8.,000, J. TV. FrBstedth, Gone.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 15\. Iduna, N. b., 546, F, Eilchsen, Sodorham,-De Yum Brothers and Co. 15\. Eh in», D. br., 289, C. J. Piora, Batavla,-Q. Huin. , 16\. Albert Victor, B. b.. 8S4, D. S. Marshall, Foo chow-foo.-Vf. J". Oroig and Co. 17\. Southern Belle, BB., 1,129,H. C. Keen, StartPolut -Dickson, Williams, and Co. 17\. Music, B. br., 443, J. Klein, New York.-R. Towns and Co. 17\. Jamos 8. Stone, A. b., 710, C |EL Phlnney, Boston. -Newell and Co. 17\. Phcenh, B. s., 908, D. N. Cuiten, Burrard's Inlet. -Dickson, Williams, and Co. 17\. Amazone, S. b., 307, P. V. Bredollus, Mauritius. -James Henty and Co, 17\. Wellesley, B. s., 1,013, Arthur Wigney, Start Polnt.~W. P. While and Co. 17\. Craig Eliachio, B. b, d9, Joseph Thomson,Leith. -Saundors and Johnston, 18\. Kroo Boy, B. se, 1S9, A. Perkins, Cape Town. Se Pats Brothers and Co. 21\. Sussex, B. 8., 900, Geo. M. Miller, Bondon.-W. P. "White and Co. 21\. Onward, B. s., 606, W. Whyte, Hong Kong,-L. Kong Meng and Co. 21\. MIMJIDS, B. b., S5T, J. Le Fctivro, Foo-cbow-Ioo. Panning, Nankivell, and Co. 22\. Bombay, R.M. S., 1,180 J. D'Oyly Gaby, dallo. F. B. Kendall. 22\. Enrique, Buenos Ayres b., 527, E. Orcudd, Boston.-Osborn, Cushlng, and Co. 24\. Soy Bcndlxen, (Da. b., 300, Johan Matthiesscn, Mauritius.- Fanning;, Nankivell and Co.. 25\. Tbeophine, B. s ,1,G34.T.P. Follett, Liverpool. Dickson, Williams, and Co. 25\. Highflyer, B. s., 1,100, W, Harrison, London. W. P. While and Co. 25\. Lottie Marla, B. a., 1,047, C. O. Smart, Holmiund. -Joshua Brothers. 25\. Union, B. I)., S60, " Birtenthaw, Hong Kong, L. KODJ Meng and Co. '" 20\. Alida, K. b" 520, M. Berner, Frodorichstadt.-Vr. J. Greig and Co. 27\. Dbulocn Singh, B. s., 1,200, J. W. Jennings, Liver- pool. Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 28\. Boyal Diadem, B. b., 474, Walter Thomas, London. -Croaker, Scott, and Co. 28\. Htlmath, N. O. b., 392, F. Trcdcwohl, Estarla. B, Towns and Co. . 23\. Glenshee, B. b" 810, W. Dys>n, MJnil'a.-J. Pa , VL Tornado, B. a,', 1,720,\S. TJnderwoodrMverpool. \-- Lorimer, Marwocd, aud"Rome, ,1. Lansdowne, B.' s.j-765, D. Oar\'0B8o,vLondori Holmes, Whlte.-and'Oo. v^ 1\. Queen of the Seas, B. b, 322, It. 1), Tomllnson, Colombo.-P. W. Prill and Co. 1\. Maid of Judah, B. s , DOO, H. Ayling, London. Dalgctj, Blackwood, and Co. Die. ttKUlED OUT. 8\. St. Kilda, B. se, 189,}. Kirkpatrick, Port Natal. -Spence .Brothers and Co. , 8\. Dover Castle. B. s, 1,013, K. K.'Doi-on, London. -W. P. Whlto and Co. 8\. Harpada, B. s., 1,412, J. Hounsell, London. Dickson, Williams, and Co. 8\. Goolong, H.M.S.B., 1,681, N. J. Skottowe, Point r de Galle.-F."B, Kendall. 15\. Charlotte, S. b.,420, A. It. Larg«, Guam.-Joshua Brothera. .' 16\. Chow Fa, B. b., 289, 0, H. Hicks, Singapore, vii Newcastle.-Bolfo and Co. 10, Fred Warren, B. B,, 1,205, J. B. Homewood, Callao. -Yirgoe, Son, and Co. J 19\. Red Jacket,.J3. a., 2,035, A. BrounQcld, London. Lorimer, liar wood, and Rome. 21\. Mediator, B. s., 1,009, M.-Macaulay, London.-De Fuss Brothors and Co. 21\. Rockcliff, B. 8., 083, W. Chapman, London. Bright Brothors and Uo. 24\. Antiope, B. s., 1,442, W. Withers, Calcutta. Dickson, "Wllllama, and Co. 24\. Surprise, A. b., 498, M. Nickoraon, Lil erpool, via Adelaide. Novell and Co. 24\. SuflolkjB. 8.,976,'W. H. Merryman, London. W. P. Whlto and Co. 29\. Avonvale, B. b., 303, W. Ogilvie, Shanghai, via Newcastle -Parbury Brother«. SO. William Frui»g, B. B , 703, S. J. Chevalier, Hong Kong, via Sydney,-Kong Meng and Co. SO. Shakspcaro, Br. s., 1,090, C. H. Fechter, Callao. O. Tondeur and Co. 31\. Conflict, B. a., 1,170, A. Boyd, london.-Dickson, Williams, and Co. ' SHIPS CLEAHED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. DEC. 8. Geelong, for Point doOalle.-l truss nowspapors, 1 package drapery, 1 caw wool samples, 1 caso old. silver, 8 cases tobacco, 12 boxes candles, 8 bags nuts, 11 boxes raUiri3, 100 bags flour, 3 cases preserved meat, 2 packages seeds, 7 packages parcels, Marpcsia, for London.-0,030 bales wool, ODO bags bark, 607 casks tallow, 22 bales rags, 202 ingots spelter, 122 bales sheepskins, 25 bales basils, rover Castle, for London.-3,827 bales wool, 48 bales lcathor, 51 packages blacksand, 88bags anti- mony oro, 91 packages antimony tailings, 15,000 horns, 5 tons is cwt. shank bones, 0 cases silk rib- bons, 2 cants black sand, 93 blocks antimony, 2 cases dried plants, 3 packages sundries, 1 cask 1 quarter cask wine. ' St Kilda, for Port Natal-112 bags flour, 2 cases preserved meats, 12 tanks. DEC. 10. Chow Fa, for Singapore, v ii Newcastle.-3 cases nine. DEC, 10. Bed Jackot, for London.-6,218 bales wool, 13 biles 24 caekB pelts, 170 bales leather, 1,141 bags bark, 728 casks tallow, 72 casks basils, 893 casks presorvedmcat, 44 bales Bkeepskins, 15 bags farina, 2 bales hair, SO case« skins, Drc. 21. Rockcliff, for London.-2.901 bales wool, 131 casks tallow, 12 bales leather, 2,952 horns, 3 tons hoofs and bones. 9 cases -wine. Mediator, for London.-4,139 bales wool, 620 bags bark, 221 casks tallow, 1,0.16 cases preserved meat, 09 bales scrolls, O bales leather. DEC 2Í. Suffolk, for London.-1,818 bales wool, 2,100 bags copper ore, 10,000 hornB, 8 tons shank bones, 35 bales leather, 17D'caska antimony tailings, 16 casks block sand, 8 casks effects, 3 cases bootes, 1 package« sun- dries. Antiope, for Calcutta.-20 cases preserved meats, 1 quarter-cask 1 case .wine, IO cases biscuits, 1,500 bushels bran, 39 empty casks, 70 tons hay, 20 barrels pork, 600 bushels oats, 140 horses. DEO. 31. Conflict, for London.-101 bales sheepskins, £31 casks lal lo«', 351 ingots spelter, 1,051 cases preserved meat, 6,815 bales wool, 3 cues fancy goods, 23 bales basils. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE. THE DE PAHTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. Drc 8. Geelong, R.M.S.S , for Point de Galle. Saloon : For King George's Sound-Mr. T. Jones. For Point de Galle-Mr. Q. A. Nicholls. For Bombay-Colonel Radcliffe, Mrs. BadclttTo, and family (three), Miss Radcliffe, Lieut. P. Symonds, Mrs. Toffa and family (four) >or Calcutta-Mr, Winstowe, Mr. Johnstone, ana Mr. Grey. For Marseilles-Mr. and Mrs. Ormond, Mr. Brooks, Miss Luke, four children, and English tomato servant ; Mrs. M'Uttsn, Mr. J. T. H. M'Kwan, and Mr H Reynolds. Dover Castle, for London. Cabin:-Mrs Little, infant, and servant ; Mrs. Hayes, infant, and servant ; Master Horace Ha] es, Miss Reynolds, Mrs Moore, Mr. il'Kie; and forty in the steerage. REVIEW OP TEE STOCK AND SIIARE MARKET. JANUARY 2. The business of tho month of December has been much larger than was generally anticipated. Usually towaids the Christmas holidays and the closoof tbe old j ear dealers are Indisposed to enter into fresh engagements. This } ear, however, has been an ex- ception. The ne«]} developed quartz demand has continued, and if somo of tho moro Important ventures at all justit} the prices paid for shares in thom, the disposition in this direction will be very strong. Investment stock are all very firm,and a good demand is looked for during the month of January. De- bentures strong, but without much movement. Banks, gas, and Insurance maintain late values. In another column will be found the dividend sta- tistics of the j car. The steadiness of the various com- panies'profits is displayed in a marked waj in the slight difference between those ot 1868 and 1807. Deben- tures -Sales oi "Victoria Government sixes at llOi. Melbourne Corporation sKcs Arm at 100 ; a new issue talked of. Some Ballarat Municipal Debentures sold at something under 104 for 61 per cents, Banks. -BallaratBank worth £610s. Colonial Bank have advanced somewhat, and aro now at £8 2s. Oil. buyers. Commercial Bank stand firmly at the lately established advance; sellers at £6 13s. to £5s. 15s. National Bank sold in quantity at £618s , and that is still asked for parcels Bank of New South Wales dull at £44 109\. Bank of Victoriawant«dat£41,andscarco. Land Mortgage Bank in demand at £2 us. No change of moment In Gas Companies Bendigo wanted at £312s. Melbourne Gas asked for. Collingwood Gas would not como under £7 15s. Australasian Fire and Marino In- surance fell to 13s. Cd.,and Improved again to 16s. buyers. Australasian Life also better : Béliers at 22s Od , buyers at 21«. National Firo Insurance sold at 7s Gd. to Ss. Od. Southern Insurance sold at 30s., and offered at that. Victoria Life and General, from £2 nominal price havo risen to £3 actual sales ; there is a pro- spect of a large distribution upon Investigation of the accrued profits. Victoria Fire held for £¡15. Bendigo Waterworks ore to be hsd at £2. HobBon's Bay Rail- way have been sold more than once at par, and aro not obtainable at anything less Tho latest auotations of prices for mines will be found in the stock and share list. The dividends declared during the month have beon-For week ending 12th December :-Bonshaw Freehold, Bal- larat, 10s. per S,300tb ; Home Reef, 10s per sharo ; Hope Company, Wood's Point, Sa. per 12,000th; Johnson's Kcef Gold Mines, Is. per 19,573rd ; Koh-i noor, Ballarat, 5s. per 3,200th ; Magnum Bonum, Mar} borough, 15s. per 460th ; Nil Desperandum, Ray- wood, Od. per 20,o00th ; Prince of Wales, Ballarat, 6s. per 8,343rd; Walhalla, Stringer's Creek, £3 10s. per 000th, For week ending 19th December: Alexandra Crushing and Mining, Gd per 0.000th ; Atlas, Springdallah, 6s. per 1.408th ; Costerfield Gold and Antimony, 6s. per 2,000th : Ellesmere, Bendigo, five percent, on capital(£7,000); Ext nded Sons of Chiltern, 8s pel-6.344th; Lo» or Huntly Dcop Lead, 5s per 600th; Nelson, Maldon, £1 10s. per 620th; Park, Ballarat, 8s. per 12,800th ; St. Andrew's, Bal- larat, Is. per3,0O0th; St. Tatrtok's, Ballarat, £1 per 4,320th; Specimen-hill, Daylesford, 2s. Od. per 1,088th. For week ending 20th December :-Ajax, Alexandra, Is. per 10,000th ; Albion, Steigdtz, 10s. per 2,200th ; Break-o' day. Rokewood, 10s. per 3,000th ; Golden Horn, 10s. per 2,500th ; Koh-i noor, 5s. per 3,200th; Magnum Bonum, Mary- borough, £1 per 450th ; North Johnson, Bendigo, Od. ger 22,000th ; St. Patrick's, Ballarat, 3d. per 4,320th ; cottish and Cornish, Ballarat, 10s. per 4,032nd ; United Albion and Prince of Wales, 5s. por 0,448th. For week ending 2nd January:-Al, Castle Reef, 63. per 3,540th ; Albion, Steiglitz, 10s. per 2,200th ; Bal- larat, Freehold, 2s. Od. per 8,000th ; Band of Hope and Albion Consols, ia. pcr22,60Otb ; Hope Company, Wood's Point, 5s. per 12,000th ; New North Clunes, £2 per 2,050th ; Specimen hill, Daylesford, 10s. per 1,088th. Tho sales effected last week were at the following prices:-Victoria Government six per cent, debentures at 110, 110V; Colonial Bank, £8; Commercial Bank, £5 12s. Od., £518s.; Na- tional Bank of Australasia, £018s. ; Bank of Victoria, £41 ; Australasian Fire and Marino Insurance, 13s. Gd.; Australasian Lite, 21s.; National Firo Insurance, 7s. Gd. ; Southern Insurance, 30s. ; Bobson's Bay Rallvva}, £50, £49 10s. ; Ajax, Castlemaine, 9s. Od. ; Homeward Bound, Alexandra, 21s ; New North Clunes, Clunes, £88; Black Horse, £45; Criterion, Clunes, £196 10s, £250; Ercildoun, Egerton, 17s. Od., on terms 20s. ; Flying Scud, Egerton, £3 15s., £3 17s. Cd., £3 18s., £1, £4 Is, £.1 2s., £3 IBs., £4 2s. Od, £4 5s., - £4 7s. (k1., £4 Is., £4 8s., £J 10s., ¿3 3a., £3 2s. Od., £3 2s., £3 Is. Gd., £3, £3 6s., £3 2s. Od., £2 15s. ; Emu, 23s,, 24s. ; Enterprise, Growler's Creek, £6, £S; London and Australian, dunes, £210s., £2 7s. Gd. ; Mount Rowan, £11; Mount Egerton, £7 10s., £7 12s. Od., £7 15a., £8¡NorthClunes Consols,£10, £10 6s.,£10*78. Od., £10 10s., £1012s. Cd., £1016s.. £10 12s. Od., £10 10s , £10 Cs., £10, £9 ; Prince of Wales, Egerton, £118s., £1 16a.; North Egerton Consols, £9 5s.; Sons of Justice, £22 ; South Egerton Consols, £7, £10 ; Whito Horse, Egerton, £6 15s., £6 6s., £6 7a. Od., £G 7s., £0 11s. (terms), £610s., £6 17s. Od. (terms), £5 5s., £5 Is., £511s., £5 10s., £510s, £5 7s. Gd. ; WoUesley. Egerton, £4, £3 18s., £4 5s. (terms) ; Bind and Albion Consols, £5, £5 2s. Od., £5 4s., £5 fls, £5 Ss. Od., £512s. Gd., £6 17s. Gd. (terms), £5 Gs., £5 11s., £610s., £612s. Gd., £517s. 6d. (terms) ; Brcak-o'-Day, Kokewood, £815s. ; Koh-i-noor, £11 ; New Don, 18s. ; Park (on terms), £813s. ; Prince of Wales, £4 9s., £4 10a.; St. George Ünited.Ballarat, £215s., £213«. Od., £2 14a., £2 16s. ; "United Albion and Pnnce of Wales, £410s., £4 12s. (3d., £4 11s. Gd-, £4 15s. ; Working Miners', £3 11s. ; All-Saints', £3 16s., £3 17s, £3 17s. Gd., £4; Guiding Star, £110s., £19s., £13s. Gd., £1 Is. ; Great North West(now), 22s. Gd. ; Inkermann and Durham, £2 7s. Od., £2, £2 Is . £2 6s, £2 Ga. (on terms) ; Magpie and Frenchman's, 12s. 6d., 12s., Ila, Gd. ; North Park, 15s., 14s. Od., 10s. on terms ; New Holland, Avoca, £41>. Od. (terms), and £4 7a., £410s., £412s. Cd. ; Hand and Band, £817s. Od. ; Win- ter's Freehold, £00, £91; United Ovens Gold and Tin (folly paid), £710a., £7 111. (contributing) £5 6s., £5 8s. une following are somo of tbe principal Bendigo yields, omitting those under 25oz :-Bellevue Reef (tribute), fifty-throe tons, Oloz. ; Prlnco Alfred (tribute), thirty tons, 119oz. ; Ellesmere, SOoz. ; Johnson's Reef, 126oz ; Alllanoo,67or. ; Victoria Beef Quartz mining Com- pany, 1680Z. ; Denmark, 88oz. ; Ohristmas Beef, (Smith and Ellis, tribut«), 83oz. ; Nil Desperandum, Haywood. 163oc ; North Johnson's, forty tons, 227oz.; Bo} al Albert, 85oz.; Sparrowhawk, 81oz. ; Johnson's Beef, 92oz ; Comet Company, 88oz. ; Victoria Quartz mining Company, . 43c*. ; Munroe and Company, Whipstick, 660z. ; Ellesmere Company, 40oz. ; Young Chum, 590Z. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. _- ' j J SATtlKDAV, JAK. 2. Closins Price£ £ 1000000 100000 " 10000 22000 200000 60000 80300 185400 163300 100000 20000 0000 DEDKKTUB.ES. j Viet. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 0 per cent. Melbourno Corporation, 0 percent.! Ballarat Water, 8 per cent. Colling* ood Gas,' 7 per cent. < ; '. General Gov., N.Z., 8 percent. .. Melbourno Gas, 7 per cent. Mclb. _ II. B, United, 8 percent. Do., 7 percent. . . Do., 0 percent. . Do., 5 percent. . Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cent. .. Otatro Provincial Gov.. 8 per cent. 110-111 107-IOS . -* .10O-192 89-01. £ 41210 437600 200000 10M00 540000 1000000 500000 40000 80000 21008 14060 CC0O0 2980 24130 200000 126000 26000 20000 10250 100000 40000 100000 58370 17876 8000 12333 50000 20000 12000 7000 32840 634700 8 §?! .PUBLIC COMPANIES. « Last dlv. percent. per annum. li £ DANKS. 5 Bal. Bankg. (limit) 7 Colonial of Austral. 5,Commcroial-of Aus | tralla (limited) 2Melb._ank Corpo I ration (limited) 4 National of Austral. 20New South Wales. Jl Victoria (Mel. reg. IX Do. (London reg;.] 2 Land Mortgage I OA8 COMPANIES. 7 Ballarat .. E Bendigo 6 Castlemaine 6 Colling« 'd & Fitzroy 10Dawlesford (limited) 4 Geelong 5 I Melbourne I IN80HAKC1Î. 2VAustral. Tire & Mar. 9 Australasian Life J Australian Alliance. i National Fire Inaur. 1 Southern Insurance 1 Victoria Life & Gen. 25 Yictona Fire & Mar. I UI8CKLLAKEOU8. 5 Bendigo Waterwork G Gipps Lnd. SteamN. 5 Hob Baj It. Sea Bath 50 MelbournoExch'ngc 5 0\cns Waterworks, li P. Silver, St.Arnaud ] Studley Park Bridge 20 Victorian leo 20 Warrenheip Distily. RAILWAY'S. 50 Mclb.&lIob.Bay; Ud. li Gissing Prices. £ «H* . 6Î-5Ï 44H6} 41-41J 48I..»J, lOMOJ ii rni B-8J 4-51 6Î-6 lof-12 lSj.-Kta, 21s -221«. 10S..17«. 71«.-8l». 2OÍ.-30S. 3-Sl 39-35 . S8I.-10I, 1S-2J, 494-61 MINES. 3300 301)0 4000 3200 400 0344 2600 4400 1600 4000 4000 2250 3200 2600 2600 COO COO 4000 8000 12800 8343 C000 4032 1472 0448 4800' 183 DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. Avonclltt Band of Hope and Albion Consols, Ballarat .. Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Break-o'-Day, Rokewood Buninyong, Buninyong Bunin} ong New, Buninyong Clunes Alluvial Concordia, Daylesford Exchequer, Daylesford Extended Bons of Freedom, Chiltern .. .. . ' Golden Horn, Springdallah Golden Lako, Scarsdale Grand Trunk, Happy Valley Great Gulf, Ballarat .. Do., nen issue Great Northern, Ballarat Koh-i-noor, Ballarat.. ¡.Leviathan, Ballarat Lower Huntly Deep Lead .. Magnum Bonum, Maryboro'. New Don, Ballarat .. New Ballarat Freehold Park, Ballarat.. Prince of Wales, Ballarat St. George and Band of Hope Scottish &,Cornish, Ballarat, Sons of Freedom, Ballarat .. United Albion and Prince of Wales, Ballarat United WorklngMincrs', Bal.i Closing Prices. BÎ-61 25-251 23-24 6-0} 50-6» 2H¡Í 10-101 9-U 15-17 71-7fr 2Î-2ÎI 4-4¿ 4J-4J Si-Sí KON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 10600 8 'All Saints', Ballarat .. ..i 4800 10 'Ballarat Tunnel, Deep Creek OO00, 2 Ballarat and Clunes .. 2500 8 Durham, Ballarat 1000; 8 Do., préfèrent 1O00, - Do., new . 2000 IO Enfield, Durham 3600 5 Great Extended, Eldorado .. 4600, 5 Do., Contributing-.. 600 40 Great North-West, Ballarat 2000 - Great Northern Junction .. 3000 5 Guiding Star, Ballarat 3600 6 Inkermann and Durham, Bal. 8600 5 Do., new haue 6000' 5 NewHollnnd,A\oca .. ) 6000! 1 Do., new .. .. ( 2000 2J New Princo of Wales, Ballarat! 3300¡ 2 ¡North Star, Ballarat.. 3000\. 2 Speculator, Ballarat .. 0400 30 [United Hand-ln-Hand and) 0400 IO I Band of Hope, Ballarat / 1000, 5 .United Ovens Gold and Tin, I ! Eldorado .. .. f 3000 5 Do., Contributing .. 1080 5 Winter's Freehold, Ballarat.. 41-4Ï 21-2Í S-4 7-8 S3-* 2J-Ï 31-4 4-4i 9Í-9Í 7-71 53-Or 60-85 DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 226001 J Alliance, Bendigo 80 - Adi ance Bendigo 10000 1 Agamemnon, Bendigo 10O00 1 Ajax, Alexandra 2400 5 Albert Company, Alexandra 10000 1 Albert, Maldon lOOOo 1 Ajax, Castlemaine .. 2200 - Albion, Steiglitz 30000 1 Alabama, M'h or 1000 15 All Nations, Matlock.. 20000 1 Argus, Bendigo 3540- Al Castle Reef, Wood's Pt... 2040 6 Bcehho, Maldon 1020j 1 Bird's Beef. Bendigo.. 2480 15 Black-hill, Ballarat .. 7600 1 Brcak-o'-Daj, Bendigo 7500 1 Bet Bet, Dunolly 05000 1 Catherine Beef United Claim' holders, Bendigo 14780 1 Do. (Mlnlng.Crushlng, Drain ing), Bendigo 1080 1 Clunes, Clunes 1200 m'Cluncs United,-Clunes 32000 lJ.Comet, Bendigo 2000 15 .Costerfield, Heathcote 1304 20 ICrinoliiio Pros., Don'Iy's Ck. 12000 11 Derby, Maldon 10054 1 ¡Eaglehawk Asso., Maldon 1710 1 Do. Preference. Maldon 15014 1 ¡Do. Union, Maldon .. 14000 1J, Ellesmere, Bendigo .. 3200] 6 i Eldorado, L) re Bird liecf 24000 1 , Energetic, Bendigo .. 1200 - EvemngStar,Upper Dargo.. 2400 - Golden Bower,Donovan'sCk. S 1 ' }Grand Junction, Maldon { 23100 J Great Britain, Bendigo 2SOO0 1 Gt. Extended Hustler's, Ben. 800 20 Happy-go-Lucky, Stringer's Creek. 20O00 1 Havilah, InglOÄ ood .'. 1000 1 Hazard, Alexandra .. ..i 28000 1 Hercules, Bendigo 4800 - Home« ard Bound, Alexandra 12ÛO0 1 Hopo, Wood's Point.! 1200 - Hunt's, Wood's Point ..j 20870 28s. Hustler's Beef, Bendigo 1200 - J. H. Conness, Upper Dargo 10573 23 Johnson's Heof, Bendigo .. 10000 1 Lady Barkly, Bendigo 2000 - Leviathan, Black Bl» er 10000 1 Linseott's Reef, Maldon 2000 12J Llanberrls, Ballarat .. 2000 10 Malakoff, Steiglitz .. 6000 10 Morning Star (Prospecting), Wood's Point 520 - Nelson, Maldon 2000 7J Neicr-nimd (Prospecting), ' Wood's Point ? .. 2050 20 Now North Clunes .. 20000 - Nil Desperandum, Raywood.. 2400 5 North Gipps Land, Stringer's 23S76 1 North Hustler's Reef, Bendigo 20000 1 North Deionshiro, Bendigo.. 22000 1 North Johnson's, Bendigo .. 20000 1 Ophir, Inglewood 1080 - Princo of Wales, Matlock \\. 1000 7» Royal Standard, Black River. 20000, -"¡Sparrowhawk, Bendigo 2400 5 'Speculation, Maldon .. 7000 1 .South Ajax, Castlemaine .. 840 10 Sth. Crinoiino Amalgamated, I Donnelly's Creek " ..| 800 10 South Çrlnollno(iiOWTssuo)do 2400! - Sir J. Franklin, Wood's Pt. 22500 1 St. Mungo. Bendigo .. 1088 10 Specimon-nill, Daylesford .. 2000\. 10 Steiglitz 1400 10 Unity, Inglewood 900 40 Victoria, Clunes . Ora 25 Walhalla, Stringer's Creek .. 1200 - Wellesley, Stringer's Creek .. 180 10 Wonderful, Dawlesford 200001 1 Young Chum, Bendigo ht 153.-17«. 10S.-12J. 13-2» 2è-3 53.-61«. 25-2S 10J3.-11ÍS. 2ls.-5s. 203.-25*. 3-3i 13s.-14s. 15s.-20i. 1H* 33-41 87-89 7s.-8«. 5ÍB.-0Í». H09.-12». 3S.-53. 6-8 8^11 li-li 67-«) NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 0000 2600 3000 6400 20000 1C0 100O0 24000 3000 40015 3000 32000 1200 3O40 2400 20000 3000 2500 11000 1000 16000 14507 4000 20274 SOOT SOOOi Alexandra Mining & Crushing Bia*. Horse, Egerton Barb, Egerton Bristol Reef, Fryers .. Buxton, Ra} wood Criterion, Clunes Durham, Maldon Eagle, Bendigo Flj ing Scud .. Golconda, Bendigo .. Kangaroo Bob, Gordons Koh-i-noor, Bendigo .. Longlollow, Stringer's London & Australian, Clunes Long Tunnel, Stringer's Mariner's Reef, Maryborough Newington. North Clunes Consols, Clunes Pioneer, Bendigo Pegleg, Bendigo Queen Victoria, Canadians .. Smile of Fortune, AVood's Pt. Sarnia, Bendigo Sandy Creek,, Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla '. Tarrengower Nuggetty Alii. ance, Maldon , Tubal Cain, Stringer's Victoria Reef, Bendigo Victoria, Gordons Wellesley, Egerton .. White Horse, Egerton 87-40 2J-Ï 300-3ÎS 4-41 Tj 5-61 2}-2î 14-16 2r-21, 10-191 li-2' 4s.-54« SJ-St 0-61 Printed and published by Hoou -gaitas, at T¡» Allow Office, Collins-atroet, Melbourne, tor Wu_M and MACKIK-OK, proprietors. 