THE FUN ISLANDS. We (Empire) his intelligence from Levuka PASSING wreck of the Danish desAI chartered by Messrs. Wolfe, edict, of Sydney, will be found in our shipping ."S?"«..» number of the Fiji Times was issued SEATS 2s tenth The fourth of contains the following items : During the late cruise of the schooner Van state the westward she fell in with the Ker Donald McKay, seeking labourers. SstErronianga the natives fired upon the farmers of the latter, sending a bullet through Kin and chest of the mate, and killing out as one of the men. Fire was also opened on SAP's boat, but without effect TleloDB-missiug barque Anna, of Melbourne, Jned un at Tanna a few weeks ago. IS of sucking in procuring labourers at the Kingsmill Sufi Mrf Latter, the owner, has filled up with Zinn'tB. and returned to the colonies. BsriM the stay of HMS- Rosario 3 Levuka Harbour's petiT to Earl Belmore Governor j South Wales, was numerously signed by SweiDterested in the growth of cotton in Fiji, Owing that the immigration of labourers from the New Hebrides or Line Islands should be Zed under efficient control so as to prevent or S any violation of the laws in reference to later The Fijian planters have no sympathy dthManapping and manstealing, but wish only forvolontary labour early procured and honestly Th Times of the 25th contains an official account of the ceremonial observed when the representatives of the Polynesia Company took sion of their lands in Viti, Leva says 'itNadi the house of Messrs. Markham and Sunday on the plantation of Messrs. Emberson Id Co., has been burnt ; probably by the Sable people, who have lately thrown off their ."»"..¡Mi of Christianity, and joined the heathen i containers of Navosa. Messrs. Elder Brothers, at Kubalau Point, late had their house burnt by accident, and lost all their furniture, etc., by the fire. " canoe which left Gawler, on Ovalau, for a townneartothoislaudof Mameua, on the Viti feu coast, was upset near to Naigaui recently, wd only one of the crew (sixteen natives) reached the land alive. The Bau chiefs met for consultation on the 25th), August, and decided to impose a duty on spirits of three dollars per case, or one shilling and sixpence per bottle. A tax of one dollar each, or perhaps a friendly tribute of one dollar per man, was to be gathered after the 1st of next Jmmmt. A woman was sentenced to death, and ordered to be hanged in three days, for murdering her newly born babe. The sentence, however, is not to be carried out. Another man was charged with the same crime, but he evidence not being complete the case was rounded. 