ILSCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS; The nooiber of visitors to the National Museums of natural history, geology, and economic geology applied to raining, agriculture, and the arts, for the j week ending 27th month of February, 5,216. February, was 1,521 ; for the The telegraph station at Newstead is to be continued. Miss Firman, the daughter of the postmaster, is to act as electrician and postmistress, and t hus, while saving expenditure to the Government, she will be able to meet the wants of Newstead in this matter. John Kyhn, a young Danish immigrant, was, on Tuesday last, sent to the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, from the City Court, having developed a rather peculiar form of mania. It is only about seven months since he arrived in the colony, and was fortunate enough to meet with Mr Thomas Asche, a merchant and countryman of his own, who had some knowledge of his family,, Mr Asche interested himself for the youth, and obtained him employment with Mr Frazer, M.L.A., but in that service he evinced a far .greater aptitude for reading, smoking, and reflection, than for work, He would say, I am a gentleman's son, and don't like work— I like to read and reflectx His employer did not like it, however, and so he lost his place. Then 4 - , v; j supplied his wants, and sent him * ^ > to look for employment, with as " < . • <?s before. Then his demands for frequent, until at last he asked his • 1 4 enough to buy a pistol to blow his . ' . " orains out." Upon this Mr Asche thought it desirable to send him back to his own people, and offered to pay his passage, but Kyhn had got hold of another notion. He had come out here to make a fortune rapidly, and go back again ; Mr Asche had encouraged him, and was therefore responsible for everything ; and as he saw no immediate prospect of getting the fortune for himself, it was only reasonable that Mr Asche should supply it- Full of this determination he wrote that gentleman a letter, demanding his fortune, refusing to go home without it, and threatening all sorts of murder and sudden death if it was not at once forthcoming. For this he was given into custody, examined by Drs M'Crae and Ford, reported insane and consigned to the asylum. An official return shows that in the year 1868 the total number of persons sent for from the United K ingdom under the immigration regulations of 1865 was 4,169. From England and Wales there came 1,659 ; from Scotland, 373 ; and from Ireland, 2,137. The number of persons viho left the colony by sea in December last was 2,008, and of those who arrived in it 2,876. Specimens of sulphur, brought from Tanna, one of the New Hebrides islands, have lately been shown. It is stated to occur there in large natural deposits. The snakes of the Goulburn have strange powers of locomotion, to judge from the following paragraph, in which we read of a reptile "perambulating, swimming, flying," and ultimately " scrambling up a steep bank." Says a local journal—" Bathers in the river Goulburn are in peril of encountering a variety of the scaly tribe, whose perambulations in the limpid stream are more likely to awaken sensations cf awe than admiration. On Sunday a black snake was caught while disporting itself in the river. The attention of a party who had manned a pleasure boat was attracted by the movements of the reptile. A hot pursuit ensued, in which the snake proved itself an excellent swimmer. Sundry strokes of the cars, however, brought them into juxtaposition, and the flying foe received his death blow while attempting to scramble up the steep bank." At the Sydney Criminal Sessions on Friday last, three prisoners named Smith, Cartwright, and Cunningham, were convicted of manslaughter in having been accessory to the death of a lad at a prize-fight which took place a short time ago. They were each sentenced to one year's imprisonment. A few days ago a horse belonging to Mr M'Connel, of Chepstowe, was struck by lightning. The shock must have been a severe one, as it broke the two fore legs and completely shattered one hind leg of the animal, which of course had to be killed. The board of Trade have authorised the following compassionate allowance to be paid to the widows and children of certain Coast guardsmen belonging to the Curracloe station, who were drowned by the upsetting of their boat on returning from an unsuccessful attempt to reach the ship R. H, Tucker, of Wiriconsin, United States, which had struck on the Biackwater Bank on the morning of the 8th September :—To the widow of Flyn, second class, chief officer, ,£30, and to each of her eight children, £5. To the widow of Joseph Randall, chief boatman, £30, and to each of her three children, £5. To the widow of William Smith, commissioned boatman, £25, and to each of her four children, £5. To the widow of Samuel Jenkins, boatman, £25, and to each of her four children, £5-—-being an aggregate of ,£205. The Board of Trade have also given pecuniary rewards to John Regan, commissioned boatman, and Edward Conway, boatman, the only survivors of the boat's crew. Rumor has it, says the Tree Press, that his Worship the Mayor of Kilmore has forwarded an invitation to Fi.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, requesting that august personage to a day's hunting of kangaroos amid the romantic scenery with which the place abounds. The attention of person? desirous of obtaining a permanent supply of * ater for irrigation purposes, is called by the Geelong Advertiser to a windmill pump lately constructed by Mr Alfred King, Byrie street, which for simplicity, cheapness and efficiency, cannot but commend itself to those interested, The pump with two-inch piping will draw thirty gallons of water per minute from a depth of twenty-five feet, simply by means of wind power and by the aid of a force and lift pump, will '< t - • from &ny; depth, and which can be i < nsiderable distance by means of hose, much less than that hitherto paid, within the reach of all desirous of ir land. Mr King has already reorders, and the demand will doubtless become greai, as the cheapness and utility of the pump become more generally known. Little Prince Theodore has got out of the channel of gossip, and few know where he is and how he is being brought up. Theodore is at Bonchure in the Isle of Wight, at school there, and turns out with the boys, a very dark speck on their line of white faces. The expiession of the boy's face is good, and his eyes such as might serve for a chapter on dark orbs for any one in the novel line of business. He is under the charge of Captain Speedy, who is bringing him up most kindly and carefully, quite as a father to the boy. The following paragraph in the Correspondence Generate de Paris, quoted from Granier de Cassagnac, is worthy of note as containing a sort of programme of the Emperor's intentions :—Weary of work, or rather comprehending that it is no light matter to leave the crown intrusted to him by universal suffrage, the Empercr will consecrate the latter years of his life towards securing the reign of the Prince Imperial, To attain this object he has decided upon abdicating next year after the general elections—that is, should the Chambers contain a majority devoted to his dynasty. By abdicating in favor of his son, he would take care to act as regent and continue to govern de favto, but unshackled by the external pomp of sovereignty. Thus would the danger of an abrupt transition be avoided, and the future of the dynasty perhaps be secured." A correspondent writes to us to know how he can best dispose of some painful excrescences that have lately made their appearance on his toe joints, our advice is simply to take them to the Corn Exchange, and barker them for anything that he can get.— 2he Sphinx. 