stovin APjIt^l, MAILS 3?R0M . 'ENGLAND, \ ÏFhe following are the letters of our london correspondents : LONDON, Arim,23. \- THE IRISH CHURCH DEBATE. The Irish Church is still the chief topic of the 'day. The debato on the bill was resumed last week, when, on two important divisions, the 'Government obtained a majority larger ?oven than that which affirmed the second leading. In a succession of divisions they have since retained this advantage. The overwhelming numbers marshalled on tho MïniBtoïsal side have driven the Conscrva -tive party almost to desperation. Prophets of evil multiply, and prognosticate with alarming vehemence the worst resnlts, while more ardent spirits rally to the cry of " No surrender." Thoro will bo a wearisome cam- paign in committee ; but "the only hopo now left to them is that tho House .of Lords may t« porsuaded by a vigorous agitation to interpose its power and postpone. if it cannot defeat, tho measure. Mr. Disraeli's leadership is not so securo as the crisis would seem to require. His speech of epigram and philosophy failed to satisfy Tory feeling, and was freely criticised, while the boldor utterances of Mr. Gathorne Hardy found aieady echo. As tho first stop towards farther action, Mr. Disraeli summoned his supporters at the close of tho Easter recess to a privato conference. Accordingly a hundred and fifty Conservativo members-not moro -gathered at Lord Lonsdalo's house. It wa noticed that Mr. Newdegate did not attend' that'honourable gentleman being bent on a resolute ipolicy of his own. Lord Stanley was absent, for reasons not spoeified but surmised. His conspicuous silence on this question, the most important of the session, had been made the subject of frequent romonstranco ; ho was charged with preferring a "limited liability in statesman- ship" and'with muzzling his convictions for tho soie of his party ; but at Glasgow, where he has been welcomed as tho new lord rector, he has explained his position, taking almost the samo ground as Sir Roundell Palmer in his view of the Irish Establishment, but ad- mitting that it is hopeless to resist the de- cision given by the country at the recent elec- tions. Somo surpriso also has been expressed that the minority as a body was not represented in greater force at this mooting ; but any de- ficiency in numbers was made up by una- nimity. MR. DISRAELI'S AMENDMENTS. The result was apparent in a formidable series of amendments laid by Mr. Disraeli the samo evoning on the table of tho House of Commons. As publishod in the newspapers tho next day they occupied quito a column ; nor was it possible to gather their full scope but by reconstructing clause by clause tho whole bill. Tho swift hand of fato has al- ready struok so many of them from the re- cord that it is not necessary I should attempt a recapitulation. It is sufficient to indicate their purport, as probably forming the basis of much agitation. In the first place, Mr. Disraeli would strike out tho clause which declares that the Church shall be disestablished, and its union with tho Church of England severed. In this manner ho would retain a nominal union, and securo an acknowledge- ment of the supremacy of the Queen. But ho provides also for the independent action of the church, and tho voluntary construction of a new constitution. The ovil day of octual separation he would postpone, and ho asks for another year, dining which appointments might still bo mado. To carry out tho pro- cess of disendowment, ho proposes to add to the tinco paid commissioners three unpaid commissioners, whom ho names-all ex judges, two of thom Conservatives and one a Liberal appointment-by which means, con- sidering ' thoir great discretionary power, he compasses a prudent "packing" of tho Executivo body. Thon ho asks somewhat moro liberal terms of compensation both for incumbents and curates. But tho great point of difference is in the temporalities ho would retain or create, Ho would secure to tho Church all privato endowments of whatever date-even though strictly legal evidençobo wanting, if their history can be traced-and all public endowments mado subsequent to the second year of Queen Eli- zabeth. Thon, under cover of tho plea that "it is just somo provision should bo made for tho interests of tho laity who have hitbçrto had provided for them tho mainte- nance ' of religious worship, and an endow- ment for ecclesiastical incumbents," of which Mr. Gladstone's bill would deprive them he asks that four times the aggregate of the net annual incomes of all in- cumbents should bo handed over to the Church body to be held as a capital sum, tho interest of which should bo applied as from a sustentation fund. Further, he demands that fourteen times tho annual outlay in the externals of worship-repairing, lighting, heating, and tho like- and in the salaries of clerk and sexton, shall he given in charge to the samo body for tho samo purpose, and that «£200,000 shall be set apart, in addition, to pay the expenses of this representative body. .Theie aie other proposals, all pointint; in tho same direction-the establishment of a richly endowed church, nominally associated with the state, but with ft government entirely freo-an institution moro dangerous than has yet existed in Ireland. The clauses compensating for tho Regium Bonum and tho Maynooth Grant Mr. Disraoli would omit, and in truth his funds must bo ex- hausted ; but ho is wisely reticent-possibly with doforenco to the ultia-Protestants of the Liberal party-as to tlie sources whence ho would meet these claims. Mr. Gladstone quickly followed tho Con- servativo leader in placing before the public certain amendments, modifying some of the details of his scheme, especially as it relates to the two last-mentioned points. MR. NEWDEGATE'S CHALLENGE. 'Tho combat was renowed in the IIouso on tho lfith inst,, when a laige and excited audi- ence assomblod. Mr, Ayrton had given notice that ho would movo an instruction to the committee to provide for the dissolution of Maynooth Collego, but was informed by the Speaker that ho was not in order, inasmuch as,tho committee could do this without any such formal obligation. Mr, Newdegate thon xoso, amidst lowd cries from his fiionds, to proposo that the bill be committed that day six months. This was contrary to usual pre- cedent, and involved tho re-discussion of the principio of the bill, alroady affirmed on the second reading. It was tho expedient of the ultra-Protestant and Conservative party, in- tent on retarding the bill at all hazards, and at every stage, despeiatcly promulgating its extremo convictions. Mr. Newdegate vehemently vindicated tho rights of the minority, and declared that tho proposal to disestablish came from tho Court of Rome, and was part of an organised schemo for the sxibjugation of Protestantism in England. Ho was listonod to without impationco, from respect to his known consistency and earnest- ness. Others followed who severely tested the endurance of tho House. Colonel Knox, for example, who proclaimed his determina- tion ,to stand by tho old cry of "No sur- render." Mr. Ayrton interpolated tho facts ho had propaied to sustain his "instruction." and maintained as an objection that wliilo the cleigy of tho Established Church wore compensated only for their personal interests, a capital sum was handed to Maynooth with- out any conditions. II ad all been dealt with on the samo principle, ho calculated that £84,000 would havo compensated tho lite-interests of tho professors, and £80,000 tho educational interests of the students ; so that the bill gave an endowment to Maynooth of £200,000 in excess of its just duo. Mr. Holt, in a successful maiden speech, suggested that there was nothing to bo said for tho bill but the argumont sic volo, sic jvbeo. Lord San- don argued that much prejudice to freedom of speech and opinion must follow from tho destruction of Protestant institutions. So tho discussion was prolonged, almost entirely on ono side, but nmidst many interrupting cries, tho Ministerialists, obedient to good disciplino,leaving idle talk to their opponents, and tho Opposition growing angry that their arguments wpre left unanswered. The debate was, in reality, but raising again an issue already decided. Finally, on the division, a majority of 126 against Mr. Newdegate carried the bill safely into committee. PROGRESS IN COMMITTEE. ' On the following evening, after some slight obstruction, the question again came up, when Mr. Disraeli rose to propose the first of his string of amendments-the omission-of the clause which dissolves tho Legislative i union between tbo Churches of England and Ireland. He explained that his object was to preserve an identity of doctrine, worship, and discipline, which was not inconsistent with disestablishment and disendowment, but could only be secured by maintaining still the supremacy of the Crown. It is not often that oven Mr. Disraeli ventures on such pa- tent sophistry as ho put forward to defend this suggestion. The Attorney-General re- plied that by the Royal supremacy it was meant that the Queen was supreme in all her courts, and that it would remain untouched by this bill. Dr. Ball, on tho other hand, asserted that the Royal supremacy meant that the Crown was tho head of tho Church, and paramount in all ecclesiastical causes. Tho retention of the Royal supremacy was neces- sary to prevent tho Church of the future throwing aside tho Prayer Book or tho Ar- ticles or even bishops. Sir Roundell Palmer pro tested that there was nothing mystical or trans- cendental about this essential doctrine of the realm. The debate was prolonged with some animation, amid a noisy impatience that in- creased as midnight approached. Mr. Glad- stone objected to the amendment, because it struck at the ground-work of tho bill ; and maintained that though the Irish Church might retain identity of doctrine and worship with tho English Church, it had no right when disestablished to have that identity secured by law. Mr. Disraeli replied with an em- phasis that drew loud cheers from his foi lowers. He characterised tho measure as ono ' of tho most pernicious ever proposed ; drew I from Mr. Gladstone's last words the inference | that hu was going in at last for a system of Free Churches : and, twitting him " with i not condescending to he prudent," urged I that tho case of Ireland should bo postponed until the three countries could bo dealt with together, and involved in one common ruin ! Finally, on a division the clauso was carried by 334 to 221, giving a majority of 123 to the Government. Some further progress has been made this week. On Monday evening (April 19), Mr. Hardy acted on behalf of Mr. Disraeli, who was suffering from " an indisposition incident to statosmen," an attack of gout, in which some prescient.people seo a symptom of deeper political disease. Tho first point upon which tho opinion of tho committee was tested was the dato at which tho act, if passed, should como into opera- tion. Mr. Hardy asked for an additional year ; but tho briefer term proposed by tho bill, and fixing January, 1871, as the time when the Church property should vest in tho commissioners, was sustained by a majority of 107 votes. Tho clauses relating to tho con- stitution and power of the proposed commis- sion were by arrangement postponed, as more fitly to be discussed at a later period. On tho 12th clause, vest- ing all Church property in this commis- sion, there was a sharp debato ; but at its close the Government found itself in a majo- rity of 111 votes. A long discussion followed on some of the compensation clauses, espe- cially the proposal to deduct in the assess- ment for incumbents the salary paid to any permanent curato ; but though Sir Koundell Palmer strongly condemned this as unjust, a majority of ninety-eight affirmed the proposi- tion as it stood. Of intermediate clauses, some underwent slight modification,- though nono at all affecting the principle or scopo of tbo measure. The Opposition were not slow to taunt the majority with re- lying more on numbers than on argu- ments ; for tho talk was still chiefly left to minor members on tho Conservativo side. They mado up in declamation for tho deficiencies of tho Ministerial benches, and, if strong words could have won the day, might have succeeded. Last night Mr. Disraeli was again in his place, when tho bill was advanced some steps, and some amendments of detail adopted, the most important of which provides for the curates a larger compensation than was named at first. THE CORONATION OATH. In tho Houso of Lords, Lord Redesdale has not been slow to raise the note of alarm. On moro than one occasion he has inquired whother the Government intond to alter tho coronation oath, to reUovo the conscience of tho Queen, who cannot, ho holds, givo her sanction to tho bill without violating tho most solemn obligations. The public, how- ever, are not disposed to accept Lord Redes dalo as the keeper of the Queen's conscience, and aro well satisfied with Lord Granvillo's answer, that the oath has respect to the executive and not the legislativo functions of royalty. AGITATION IN IRELAND. The agitation in Ireland spreads, and is becoming organised. Cardinal Cullen has commended the wiso and patriotic measures of tho Government in one of his manifestoes ; but there has as yet been no marked move- ment to sustain thom. On tho other hand, tho Irish Episcopalians aro in tho highest de- gree incensed, and instead of combining to prépaie the way for inevitable changes, aro gathering all their strength to protest against thom. They refuse to recog niso tho principio of disestablishment in any form, and adopt the policy of "no sur- render" with apparent enthusiasm. Meetings havo been held in tho chief provincial towns to arrange for a central conference at Dublin, and they have been the sceno of much excitement. The strongest languago has been freely used-of reproach and vitu- peration, and of sore dismay ; and sometimes from men whoso high character warranted other expectations ; here and thoro only the voice of moderation has been heard. There has been quite a controversy as to the words employed by the Bishop of Cork. He was said to havo declared iu an excited speech that " Billy and his bill might go to-" and this mystical- has brought strong condemna- tion on his episcopal head. Four reporters have combined to affirm that ho named a certain obnoxious place, rather too warm as a residence ; but tho bishop and his friends assert that he said only "to tho wall." It is easy to see that a contemptuous gesture, a mere shrug of tho shoulders, might have suggested the con- struction the newspapers put on the unlucky sentence. Indeed, if the bill bo the com- pound iniquity represented by these clerical orators, what moro Christian wish than that it should be consumed in "its own place;" only, then, what of "Billy?" The great central conference, since assem- bled at Dublin, has manifested tho same un- compromising hostility to tho bill. Its tone' is sufficiently indicated in tho opening speech of tho Archbishop of Dublin. " Wo condemn it utterly," ho said; "wo look upon it as confiscation ; wo regard it as assailing the prerogative of tho Crown, as unjustly dealing with the property of the subject, as injuring all property by-for the first time, I believo .-destroying what is the best of all titles, that of prescription." Meanwhilo, as if to commend tho policy of conciliation, Frinco Arthur has been visiting in Dublin, and is now at Killarney-his pre- sence everywhere evoking the usual mani- festations of loyalty. I regret to state that agrarian outrages aro still frcquont, proving a deeper diseaso than can be remedied by out- ward applications. The land question has already this session been touched in tho House of Lords, and in duo courso must talco tho first placo in any scheme for tho regenera- tion of Ireland. ! LIFE PEERAGES. | While the Houso of Commons is vigorously asserting its now life, the morabors of tho Houso of Peers aro anxious to increase their iniluonce in tho body corporate. Tho tendency of tho times is to reduce thoir power, and subordinate them to the Commons, unless they can show further claim to authority. Earl Russell, truo to the reforming instincts of earlier days, has laid upon the table a bill, the object of which is to give to the Crown power to confer life peerages on a limited number of persons. The Marquis of Salis- bury accepts the principle, as likely to infuso a healthy vitality into our tripartito constitu- tion, and to restore the balanco which is now endangered. It is proposed to restrict the numbor of these creations to twenty-eight, and not to allow of moro than four in one year. Theso life peers are to bo taken from Irish and Scotch peers: from members of tho House of Commons or ten years' standing and upwards ; from naval and military o iii cors, who have achieved distinction in their re- spective services ; from puisne judges of any of the superior law courts of two years' standing, ex-attorney-generals, and law advo- cates; from men eminent in science, art, and literature ; and men who have served .the Crown with distinction, whether at home or abroad, for fivo years. It would take seven years from the passing of'tho act to make up the total number of these life-peers -an interval exceeding the probable dura- tion of any single Administration-so that .no Minister could hopo to control tho House iby new creations. The principle of the bill is a radical innovation, and shows tho growtl^ of the popular power in our system of govc^. ¡mont; but much discretion will be required in its application. MR. LOWE'S BTJDGEJT. On the re-assembling of Parliament after Easter, it fell to Mr. Lowe to produce the I first sensation. In his, new character as ' Chancellor of the Exchequer, he introduced ! a Budget which has surprised the country by , its originality-' ' the most ingenious Budget of tho present century," says The Times ; " one of the most remarkable in an ago of remarkable budgets," adds the Economist. Contrary to all expectation, notwithstanding the Abyssinian bills, ho was enabled to an- nounce some considerable reductions in taxa- tion, and to provide for the needs of the year, with the promise of a good prospective surplus. As Mr. Lowe has beon careful, on every opportunity, to repress all sanguine hopes, so he commenced his speech with discouraging details. The revenue of last year had, as was already known, fallen off about £500,000 ; which wai, however, balanced by a reduction i of expenditure to nearly the same amount. > Adopting this revenuo as his estimate for the ? present year, Mr. Lowe calculated his ordi- nary receipts at £72,885,000 ; but although £2,2fíi 000have been saved by tho "heroic efforts" of Mr. Cardwell and Mr. Childers, the expenditure cannot be taken at less than £08.223.000. This would give a balance of £4,032,000; but, unhappily, the Abyssinian war absorbs another £4,G00,000-having in- volved us in a total expenditure of about £9,000,000 sterling-and thus the balance is reduced to £32,000. This was tho kind of story everyone had expected, hut by a magical wavo of the financial wand, the genius of Mr. Lowe soon showed another result. He spoke in a fitful, nervous style, distressing to hear; and the effect of his statements was further marred by his difficulty tbrough short sight inreading the figures he had noted on his papors, There could scarcely havo been a greater contrast than between his manner and the masterly ease of Mr. Gladstone when occupying the same position. But as he developed his scheme, all defects wero forgotten in the cleverness of his surprise. By changing the assessed taxes into licence ditties, modifying the system of collection, and levying the land and houso duty and income-tax in one payment* somewhat in advance, for the whole year, ho contrives to secure within the financial ycaradditionalrevenuetotheamount of £3,350,000. His plea for thus discounting future revenue is, that he not only meets an exceptional demand, but_ effects a much needed reform and reduction of expense in the collection of tho taxes. With tho sum thus obtained, the Chancellor proposes to re- mit Id. in tho income-tax, reducing it from Gd. to 5d. ; to abolish tho remaining Is. duty on corn and farinaceous articles ; to surrender the fire insurance duty, so long contested ; and greatly to reduce the taxes on locomo- tion. The licence to sell tea will no longer be required; and there aie other concessions. Londoners will especially thank Mr. Lowe for his liberality to cabs and omnibuses, and the prospect ho thus opens of better and cheaper transitovor the wide spaces of their busy city. After all is accomplished tho Chancellor leaves a nominal surplus of £122,000. Nothing can be simpler than tho scheme as propounded. Punch represents two "rival conjurors" as contending in the matter. " There is no deception," says Professor Bob, " tho bag is empty. Hey, presto, pass !" and he produces the egg-"Surplus!" "Why," responds Professor Ben, " Wo could ha' done tbat"-adding, after a pause-"if we'don'y thought on it." Yet there are evident objections which will be strongly urged. There are large numbers of Englishmen, for example,- above the poorer class, to whom it will not be conve- nient to pay their taxes in a lump-especially in January, when tho Christmas bills have thinned their purse. It is also suggested that thenewarrangemcntwotild act injuriously on themoneymarket-thatit would fill thocouers of the Bank of England to excess at one season, and leave it poor at another. Mr. Lowe answers smartly that " the money market must take caro of itself j" and that " if, after such notico, gentlemen cannot foresee, it is clear they have mistaken their vocation." PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. Mr. Lowe is a man of surprises. Thero was a debato the other night as to the site of the new law courts. Mr. Gregory proposed to surrender tho Carey-street sito, and urged that another should be purchased on tho Thames embankment. Several. members had spoken, when tho Chancellor of the Ex- chequer startled tho Houso by a revelation of expenses. The estimate of the commis- sioners for the Carey-street site and buildings is now £3,200,000, whereas originally it was only £1,500,000. Objecting to a "Tower of Babel," and to over- concentration, Mr. Lowe advised tho House to retrace its steps, said that ho had already stopped all expenditure on his own responsibility, showed how the supposed fund from suitors was insufficient, and that a building and site might bo ob- tained on the embankment for ¿ho original estimate. He recommended the House to dissolve tho commission, with which ho could not co-operate, and to placo the power in the hands of the Government. His speech gave a sudden turn to tho debate, and it was at once agreed that the Government should present a scheme to Parliament. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES. Before I leave the House of Commons, I should mention that tho bill amending the law relating to married women's property was referred to a select committee ; and that the bill for legalising marriage with, a de- ceased wife's sister was carried on a second reading by a majority of ninety-nine-Mr. Bright speaking on the subject for the first time, and with his usual vigour. In tho House of Lords, two bills-one proposed by the Earl of Shaftesbury and the other by the Primate-for dealing with eccle- siastical courts and clerical discipline, have been referred to a select committee. Some of the provisions of Lord Shaftesbury's larger and more complete measure, especially that enabling three householders in any parish to initiate legal proceedings against a clergyman, have been strongly condemned. IMPERIAL POLICY IN FRANCE. The Emperor of tho French is exerting himself to influence tho elections now rapidly approaching in France, His position is one of growing difficulty, and every step ho takes shows his anxiety. There is no stable con- stitutional government to sustain his dynasty, and he is too clear-sighted not to see tho pos- sibility of revolution at his death. The words of Metternich may again apply, "After me, the deluge ! " There are confidential passages in letters recently published by M. ,Emile Ollivier, which clearly indicate the guiding wish in tho Imperial mind to shape a policy by which be may escape from this dilemma. As anothor appeal for popular support, the Emperor has published a speech addressed by him to the Council of State, in which he pro- poses to abolish the system of Livrets. These are the little books which all workmen in France have hitherto been compelled to carry, and in which are registered their occupation, the names of successive employers, and other details, serviceable by way of passport, but also enabling the police to track any man's history without much trouble. They would constitute an intolerable bondage to English working men, and their abolition will doubt- less be acceptable in France. Impelled by a similar motive, the Emperor Napoleon has also written a letter to M. Rouhcr, proposing to celebrate tho hundredth anniversary of the birthday of the first Napo- leon, which occurs on the ICth of August next, by bestowing a ponsion of £10 a year on every old soldier who served under the Republic and tho First Empire. It may be good policy to recall the glories of tho great conqueror on every possible occasion, and to crown tho dynasty with tho recollections of a hundred years ; but the Lpgislativo Chamber can hardly bo prepared for the theological reasons which aro urged upon its notice. "They will think with me," says the Em- peror, confidently, "that at a timo when every ono complains of the progress of scepticism it is fitting to roward patriotic de- votion, and to revive its memory in tho pre- sent generation. To reawaken great his- torical recollections is to strengthen faith in tho futuro, and to render homago to the memory of great mon is to recognise one of tho most striking manifestations of the Divino will. " Was there ever such a cure for scepticism propounded before? The public m general, ju-0 not disposed to accept it, tho Finane.,5 Minister docs not like it, and the Lcgislat'are grnmbles. Though Napoleon worship IP^ -written on all the monuments of I ans, o-j!¿ has fa signs jn evory street, wo aro are assured that it has nearly ¿one out. " It Js "/lot only tho higher and tho middle tinsses," writes a Parisian correspondent of 1 he Times, " but tho people themselves, that are nearly cured of that dangorous creed ; and those who like tho Second Empire best, likoit proportionately as it differs from the first, and fortunately the difference is great. It is for that very reason that thoso fits of public adoration which sometimes seizo upon our present ruler for the mighty founder of his race do not creato at all a sympathetic enthu- siasm and desire to go down on our knees with him, but rather a sense of uneasiness and «eneral dismay." The extravagant eulogy of the second Napoleon does not rekindle the dying flame of devotion. THE FRANCO-BELGIAN QUESTION. The Belgian negotiations aro not proceed, ing with entire satisfaction. But it suits tho Emperor just now to talk of peace. M. de. La valette, Minister of Foreign Affairs, has assured the Corps Législatif that there is nothing to disturb pacific relations-that as for Germany, France wishes to avoid all in- terference -with purely German affairs-that it would intorveno only for " legitimate reasons" - and that to time, the greater healer, may bo trusted tho removal of any misunderstanding, On tho other hand, Marshal Niel, in the Senate, reports that Franco can, at a moment's notice, without alarming any one, call 000,000 men into the field; that the six "great commands" are perfect armies, with staff and overything complete, and that to set any one of them in motion needed only a telegraphic order. Meanwhile German unity is asserting itself in new forms. A resolution has been moved in the North German Parliament demanding the appointment of a responsible Federal Ministry, and carried-despito the strenuous opposition of Count Bismarck-by HI votes to 100. This indicates a marked chango of feeling in Gennany, and an indisposition to accept the preponderance of Prussia as a final fact. OPPOSITION SPEECHES OF M. THIERS. Language of unusual freedom has been heard in the Fionch Chambers. M. Thiers, whose salons this season have been thronged in Paris, has taken a brilliant part in the debates on the Budget, and ventured freely to criticise the general policy of tho Govern- ment. He frankly admitted that some pro- gress had been mado in the path of liberty j hut contended that there had been steps backward, and that other liberties, which had been called " necessary libei ties, " were still wanting. Freedom of election was alto- gether wanting; universal suffi age was "di- rected ;" the ballot box was falsified. Neither did the Chamber enjoy the privileges of a people's nouse. To say that Constitutional Government was impossible out of England was to deny tho only conditions on which royalty was now possible anywhere in Europe. M. Ronlier could endure it no longer, and at this point exclaimed that M. Thiers had been violating tho Constitution for a whole hour, The President also ad- monished M. Thiers, and there was great interruption ; but the orator hold his ground, and concluded in tho strain in which he had begun. " I have a right to speak in the name of the country," he said, "and to say that if in calling for liberty it shows some impatience, it is excusable, because it claims not other people's goods but its own !" The speech created some excitement in Paris, and has brought tho veteran statesman many tokens of. approval. M. Thiers has since spoken on the budget of the Minister of Agriculture, maintaining, in accordance with his well known protec- tionist views, that French industry is being ruined by tho commercial treaties of late j ears. Again, ho raised a storm by saying "Your commeicial libeities are like your political liberties-a mere farce." When the President threatened to call him to order, M. Thiers replied that ho submitted to his autho- rity, but appealed to another and still higher authority, that of public opinion. THE SPANISn CONSTITUTION. The throne of Spain still goes begging. Meanwhile, the Cortes havo been occupied in discussing, with much animation, the now Constitution, the programme of which is now published. If adopted, tho form of govern- ment is to bo monaichical, and the throne is to be hereditary, accoiding to the law of primogeniture. The King is to be inviolable ; the Ministers aie to be lesponsible. The legislative power will rest with the Cortes, which are to bo composed of a Congress elected for three years, and a Sonate elected for twelve years. Universal suffrage is established. Peisonal freedom and freedom of the press are guaranteed ; public meetings are to lie subjected to police regulations. Open-air meetings must take place by day. Roman Catholicism remains the religion of the State, hut all other religions will be al- lowed to carry on their worship without restriction. Education is to be free. The government of the colonies of Spain is to he modified as soon as the members representing the colonies have taken thoir seats in the Congress. Changes in the Constitution may bo effected on the initiative of the Cortes and the King. They will necessitate the dissolu- tion of both Congress and Senate, and a geno lal election. Great excitement has been stireed hythe debate on religious liberty. The clauses per- mitting the exercise of other religions were vehemently opposed by the clerical party. Senor Castelnr, known as the great orator of tho Republican party, replied in a magni- ficent speech which has moved tho country to its depths. Lofty in thought, impassioned in language, comprehensive in view, this speech carried all before it. The House was electrified; the deputies ciowded round him, shaking his hands, embracing, even kissing him ; Ministers shared the enthusiasm ; nor could the president suppress his emotion. Senor Castelar charged tho Catholic Church and its intoleiance with causing the degradation of Spain ; and demanded in tho name of tho religion of love, in the name of the Gospel, that the Cortes should decree religious liberty. His words have been echoed on all sides ; and a subscription has been opened to give aim a national ovation. Whatever tho ultimate form of govern- ment, it is remarkable how tho country is now opened to receive the seeds of future knowledge. Bibles and tracts are sold in the streets as quickly as they can be imported ; Protestant lectures are listened to by eager crowds ; and there is an intenso curiosity to leam more of tho religion so long exiled from Spain, AMERICAN POLITICS. The Senate of tho United States has finally rejected the Alabama Treaty by a majority of all against one. Poor Mr. Reverdy Johnson, whose goodwill was moro conspicuous than his judgment, meanwhile has announced his retirement into private life. Mr. John Lothrope Motley comes as his successor ; and his appointment gives general satisfaction. As tho historian of tho Netherlands ho has already achieved a reputation in this country ; nor is he without experience, having held office till lately at Vienna. Professor Goldwin Smith, whoso Ameri- can sympathies aro beyond dispute, and who is now resident in the States while preparing a now history, has addressed I a letter to tho New York Nation, in which he uses his inilueneo to remove the false impression current in America. "As one of those," ho says_, "who believed that the cause of English liberty was bound up with that of tho Union, I jealously watched tho interests of both causes, the actions of our Government. .... And it is my firm conviction that its settled policy from the outset and throughout the struggle was strict neutiality, praotical as well as legal, and if it erred (as I am myself inclined to think it did) in its choice of time for the recognition of the Confederates as belligerents, tho error was tho result not of any_ sinister bios, but of misconception." It remains to bo seen whether tho moderato views of such a man can penetrate the thick prejudices of Americans. The latest proposal is that England shall ho asked to cede British North America as compensation for the Alabama claims. Tho fever of annexation seems to bewilder tho judgment of our Northern cousins, and to betray them into the grossest inconsis- tencies. Thus tho. committco on foreign affairs has brought in a report authorising the President to recognise the Cuban insur- gents, cither as belligerents or as an inde- pendent power as soon as he pleases ! that is, to violate the very principio which they insist on our most stringently observing. There is a rumour ailoat that General Grant will seizo Cuba, in accordance with these instructions ; and defy Spain, France, and England if thoy dare to remonstrate. It sounds groat to as sumo such a hostile contingency. THE NORWICH TRAGEDY. It is an old saying, " murder will out," and on tho same authority, that " conscience does make cowards of us all." But since Shaks peare moralised, there have been few more remarkable instances of the power of this conscience to drag a man to his doom than the one recently afforded at Norwich. That ancient city was horrified one morning in the year 1851, at discovering the mutilated fragments of a woman scat- tered in its streets and pleasant suburban fields—a foot in one place, a hand in another, a small piece of flesh here and there, that were unmistakably human. Instant and prolonged search was made to find tho author of this atrocious crime, but the police could obtain no clue, and years passed away, till it was almost forgotten. Two or three months ago, as I wrote you at the time, a man named Sheward presented himself at a police- station in London, and declared that he was the murderer, and that the victim was his wife. He was passing through a street which vividly recalled her memory, when an overmastering sense of guilt fastened upon him. His spirit sank under the great horror, and in this morbid condition he left his home, the second wife whom he had married, and his children, and coming to London, gave him- self up to justice. Inquiry was made, and the circumstances recalled ; his friends exerted themselves to prove monomania, and one fact was elicited which seemed to sustain their view, namely, that in 1851 the surgeons had stated that the remains then discovered belonged to a young woman, whereas Sheward's wife was more than fifty. This argument, however, broke down at the trial which has just taken place ; and after full examination of many witnesses, tho prisoner was found guilty and sentenced to death. Tho unsatisfactory nature of tho medical evidence still left a lingering doubt in many minds. Efforts were made to secure a re- prieve ; and a technical question was raised as to tho place of trial, in order to secure a postponement. Interest was still further awakened by the receipt of letters in Norwich, purporting to come from per- sons acquainted with tho real cause of Mrs. Sheward's disappearance, and myste- riously hinting at other facts. On inquiry, these anonymous suggestions were found to have no weight : and finally the sentence was carried out. The wretched man was this week hanged, within the walls of the gaol, as the new law requires ; and tho ampler con- fession he has left permits no further question of his guilt. The horrid details are beyond the power of ordinary invention. He states that he first cut his wife's throat in an altercation; that afterwards he mutilated the body, and scattered the pieces as he had opportunity ; that he boiled the head -which could not be found-and then dis- tributed it; and that ho cut the longhair of which much had been said-into small shreds as he walked in the fields, and the wind blew it away. SWINDLING EXTRAORDINARY. Some public interest also attaches to the disappearance of Benjamin Higgs, late of Tide End House, Teddington, who absconded lost month fiom the employment of tho Great Central Gas Company, in whoso service he bad been for several years. His salary was under £400 per annum ; but when ho made off ho was living in a houso of thirty rooms, sumptuously furnished with every internal and external luxury and appurten- ance. Ho had several fine carriages, of horses and ponies quit a stud, and a household of sixteen servants. His wife's piano cost 300 guineas, and he was building himself a new mansion, to the tune of £.10,000. In short, ho was the lord and patron of Teddington, and extremely benevolent with money that did not belong to him. Mr. Higgs has made his way to America, leaving his wifo and a large family of children in destitution, sud- denly precipitated, without any knowledge of his transactions. THE VOLUNTEER REVIEW. The volunteer review of Easter Monday was marked by an exceptional catastrophe. The weathor-which was so bad that the volunteer brigadiers dismissed their mon, who were only recalled by peicmptoiy.orders fiom the Duke of Cambridge-destroyed the training brig Ferret, eight guns, which had at the time some eighty-six boys on board. Early in the morning-about twenty minutes past four she was dashed against the pier, and re- ceived such injuries that it was necessary to haul up tho lads upon the pier, a feat happily accomplished without loss of life. Tho sea continued to strike the brig against the granite with tremendous force, and by half past ten had crushed her to atom3, her timbers being, it is said, broken up into pieces scarcely larger than firewood. Tho review, which took place later in the day, has been severely criticised ; and it is certain that many things were done which brigades under iiie would not risk; but the volunteiors reply that they obey the orders of army- generals, and that tho fault does not belong to them. It would be bard to judge men who so rarely assemble by tho same rule as regiments in daily training ; hut there is a growing opinion that more must be done to secure thorough efficiency. DR. LIVINGSTONE. The recent Cape mail brought a vague ru- mour of tho safe arrival of Dr. Livingstone at Zanzibar, on the east coast of Africa, which Sir Roderick Murchison declares to be quite unfounded. The president of tho Geo- graphical Society is still hopeful of the great African explorer's safe return to England, but he supposes tho doctor to havo aban- doned the northern route down tho Nilo, and to have struck westward, from Lake Tan- ganyika, and that he is onco moro traversing the continent from east to west, and will in due timo be heard of in tho neighbourhood of the Gold Coast or tbo Portuguese settle- ment. It is, however, by no means impro- bable that the doctor has mado for Lake Nyanza, in which caso he may ere long meet with Sir Samuel Baker, who, released from his guardianship of the Prince and Princess of, wales, has been charged by the Viceroy of Egypt with a mission to put an cud to the slave trado in the Nile basin. The Royal travellers, their Nile trip accom- plished, havo since visited Constantinople, where they have been feted with oriental magnificence, and aro now sojourning, on their homeward journey, at the rival Court of Athens, with the brother of the Princess. AUSTRALASIAN TOPICS. PARLIAMENTARY INTERPELLATIONS. On the 5th inst. Mr. Young asked the Under-Secretary for tho Colonies whether any correspondence had taken place between the Australian and tho homo Governments on the subject of a fortnightly postal commu- nication subsequently to the correspondence included in Parliamentary paper of 24th July, 1808 ; and if so, whether ho had any objection to lay the same upon tho table of tho House ? Mr. Monsell admitted there had been a good deal; of ad- ditional correspondence since the dato referred to, which would be producod if desired. He added that, according to the colonial newspapers, great anxiety was felt for the establishment of a fortnightly postal service. Early in the month, a passage-at-arms oc- curred between Mr. Newdegate and Mr. Monsell, in íeferenco to the presentation of papers relating to the case oí O'Farrell, the assassin. On the 19th of March, it appears, the Under-Secretary stated that he would lay before members all the documents received fiom tho Government of New South Wales. This ho had failed to do, and Mr. Newdegate indirectly up- braided the Colonial Oilice with want of good faith. Mr. Monsell oxpresscd his willingness to produce the correspondence, provided it were formally moved for, but de- clined to do so voluntarily. Mr. Newdegate did not choose to take that step, and inti- mated his intention to defer any further allu- sion to the subject until the motion for going into committee of supply. On a subsequent evening Sir G. Jenkinson interrogated the Chief Secretary for Ireland in reference to the amnestied Fenian con- victs. In reply, Mr. C. Fortescue said Her Majesty's Government had no intention of bringing tho thirty-four pardoned Fenian convicts horne from Australia at the public expense, although they reserved for them- selves freedom of action in particular cases. Their release, moreover, would not be sus- pended in consequence of the seditious lan- guage used by two or three of tho released political prisoners, which language had been gcncrallyrcprchcndcdcvcninlreland, andhad j had no effect but that of injuring the un- happy cause with which it was connected. On the 12th inst., an exhaustive series of questions was put to the (Jndcr- Seoretary of the Colonies by Mr. Hardcastle as regards the position, duties, and emoluments of the Com- missioners for Emigration. Mr. Monsell stated that there wcro at present two emigra- tion commissions, with a chief secretary, seven clerks, and twenty-three assistant officers, at various ports. The expense of tho commission last year was £11,995, of which £1,760 was paid by tho co- lonies. There was a fund, consisting of moneys detained from deposits of intending emigrants amounting to £9,052 in consols, and about £1,000 in exchequer bills and cash. The duties of tho commission were to carry out the provisions of the Pas- senger Act in regard to emigration from this country ; to select and despatch certain classes of emigrants to Victoria and Western Australia ; to superintend immigration from India and China, and also to superintend emigrants returning to Asia from the dif- ferent colonies. All questions relating to Colonial Crown lands, leases, and grants woro also attended to by the commissioners. The emigration to the Australian colonies, excopt Victoria and Western Australia, was at pre- sent inconsidorablo, the colonies of Queens- land, New Zealand, and South Australia having independent emigration agents of their own. The commissioners were at the present moment employed, in concert with the naval authorities, in sending out discharged ar- tisans from tho dockyards. The question of tho continuance of the commission was under tho consideration of the Colonial Office. The duties had vcrymuch decreased, and no doubt the officeis must be gradually absorbed or their offices entirely abolished. If the offices were abolished, there would bo very little saving to the country, owing to the pensions that would havo to be paid, and they would loso the great advantage of the knowledge, skill, and zeal of two of the best officers in the public service On the 13th inst., Mr. Sartoris asked the Colonial Under-Secretary whether orders had been sent to New Zealand recalling the 18th Regiment ; and, if so, when was the regiment to leave tho colony ; and could the Governor of New Zealand, notwithstanding the order of recall, retain the troops should he consi- der their removal at the timo ordered likely to cause the extension of tho present dis- turbances ; and, if so, for what time, and upon what conditions? Mr. Monsell replied that orders had been sent to New Zealand recalling the 18th Regiment, which was to leave in May next, and there would then be no Imperial troops left in the colony. The Governor could certainly not retain the troops. The instructions given wcro definite and precise, and without any limits or conditions. THE COLONIAL SOCIETY. Tho second meeting of this now association took place on the 5th inst., at the hall of the Civil Engineers, Westminster, when Mr. Wm. Westgarth read a very ablo paper on "The Relations of the Colonies to the Mother Country," which was followed by an inte- resting discussion of some of the views ven- tilated by the essayist. Mr. Westgarth divided his subject into three sections-(1) the general relations in the past and at the pre- sent day ; (2) the relations in the view of foreign war ; and (3) economic bearings and general reflections. The two grear, sections of the empire-theparent state and the colonies . -have ad justed themselves rather by the acci- dent of circumstances than by any definite policy on the parent's part, yet they comprise the data for a good practical working part- nership. The only troublo ahead is in view of foreign war. Here Mr. Westgarth started a hypothetical view, which seemed tho chief subject of interest and discussion subse- quently. The colonies-the self- governed of course moro particularly-were getting moro and more into tho position of societies sepa- rated politically, ana to some extent socially, from this country. Were matters not drifting into a position to afford ground for a new international public law, by which colo- nies, in event of war, might claim to be nentral? England might say to an enemy "Take your choice; will you have me only against you, or mo and my score or two of family ?" And it Í3 just possible an enemy might prefer tho first. England, however, must be ready for either, and must in honour, and even in self-defence, defend and avenge her colonies. The principal speakers in the discussion which followed were the Marquis of Nor- manby, Sir Wm. Denison, Lord A. Churchill. Sir Francis Hincks, Mr. Arthur Mills, and Mr. W. T. Rae. At a subsequent meeting, on the 19th, an interesting paper was read by Mr. C. H. Allen, F.R.G.S., on "The Gold-fields of Queensland." PRESERVED AUSTRALIAN MEAT. The great enterprise of supplementing our meat supplies with consignments from the colonies is at length fairly alloat. The stolid apathy and suspicious reserve of the English public are giving way, and they are respond- ing cordially to the succulent overtures of Melbourne and Sydney companies. The two great London depots have for some weeks been exhausted of their stores, Spirited specu- lators have been found willing to pur- chase large quantities of canisters, and by them the preserved meats have been widely diffused throughout the country. It is stated that one bold speculator netted £14,000 profit in a few days. To a limited extent, this method of extending the sales at this early stage of the enterprise is desirable ; but if carried too far, speculation, which works by buying up the stocks, will so enhance the retail price as to render the meats com paiatively unsaleable. In Nottingham and in the Potteries towns, I have seen tho 01b. canisters ticketed at 3s. 9d., which is 7Jd. per lb., being decidedly lid. per lb. too high, if a permanent and steadily continuous demand is to be maintained. The agents in London should _ aim at supplying retail dealers direct, in moderate quantities, and at a fair price. Extravagant rates may rule for a few months, but they will be sure .to create a vio- lent reaction, and in the meantime render the new movement unpopular. Messrs. M'Call and Co., of Hounsditch, had on their books early in April oiders in anticipa- tion of future anivals to the enormous extent of 030,000 tins of 41b. and Gib. each. Mean- while, these agents have availed themselves of this ilush of good fortune to offer 5,000 unallotted shares in the Melbourne Meat-pre- serving Company. The Lords of the Admiralty have accepted the tender of the Australian Meat Company (Limited), for whom Messrs. John M'Call and Co. are the London agents, for the supply of 200,0001b. of Australian preserved beef. A consignment of 10,500 lins of mutton, prepared by tho Melbourne Meat- preserving Company, arrived here the other day, in the ship Red Jacket, from Melbourne. Notice has been given that the Argentine Government have resolved to defer till tho 31st of August next the adjudication of the prize of 8,000dol. (about£1,000), which waste have been awarded in six months from the 2nd of November last to the inventor or introducer of the best system of preserving fresh meat on a scale capable of extensive development. It appears that numorous applications havo been sent in, but the Government have decided that they must bo accompanied by samples. These are required to be forwarded to his Excellency Senor Don Dalmacio Velez Sarsfield, Buenos Ayres, EMIGRATION MOVEMENTS. The agitation for the transfer of our starv- ing artisans to some more promising fields of industry and advancement is daily acquiring volume and force ; and this new exodus, con- ducted under national auspices, has' com- menced in serious earnest. Meeting has fol- lowed meeting in quick succession, tho tone of the speakers growing moro and moro solemn and emphatic, and ono shipload after another of our most respectable and vigorous artisans is leaving our shores formoro sparsely-peopled lands. On the morning of tho 13th, a scene took place at the new mag- nificent station of the Midland Railway, in St. Paneras, which was altogether without precedent. A company of between 300 and 400 persons had assembled to a substantial breakfast in ono of the rooms of the station, most of them strong and vigorous artisaus with their wives and children, but with a sprinkling of ladies and gentlemen, who were actively ministering to the comfort and en- joyment of their departing guests. For it was well nigh the last meal in their island home of 327 emigrants from tho cast-end of Lon- don, and principally from the Isle of Dogs. The movement was a continuation of an ex- periment made last year, the success of which has encouraged the friends of the destitute workmen to a repetition of their benevolent efforts. From eight o'clock the intending emigrants began to arrive in families and in groups, and woro met by Lady Ducie, Lady De Grey, Lady Constance Morton, Lady Burrell, the Hon, Miss Waldegrave, the Hon. Mrs. Kinnaird;, and tho Hon. Mrs. Hobart, some of whom« had been at the station since half-past six preparing for the farewell breakfast of the objects of their kindly interest. After a sub- stantial repast, provided by Messrs. Spiers and' Pond, tho doxology was sung, and tho party adjourned to theplatform, which was crowded with friends como to give tho lost embraces, and utter the last adieux. A special train ?was provided to convey tho emigrants to Liverpool, and it moved out of the station amid cheers from tho passengers and answer- ing cheers from the spectators on the plat- form, till the vast roof rang, and tll«-eagcr passers-by paused, startled by the st the"'' sound, and inquired what it all meantj. A. bitter necessity was thus at least sweetoried by the never-to be-forgotten kindness of honourable ladies and generous benefactors. Some of the ladies accompanied tho omiçranta to Liverpool, and did not quit thom till tbo ship weighed anchor and got up its steam. Their destination is Canada. On the previous day a public meeting, con- vened by the mayor, was held at Portsmouth, in reference to the discharged dockyard work- men. Mr. Childers has placed at their disposal the Scrapis and the Crocodile, to ronvey to Canada or_ Nova Scotia those who wero desirous of emigrating. They wero to be on board by tho 18th inst. The Govern- ment undertook to gbe the men and their families a free passage, but their rations would have to bo paid for, and the doUar tax and pocket-money would havo to bo pro- vided. The British and Colonial Emigration Society havo presented a donation of £500, Mr. Childers had bestowed £100 fiom a pri- vate source, and an additional £400 had beon contributed by friends. This £1,000, it was estimated, would enable them to send out about 450 adults in the Crocodile on the 20th inst. Government had telegraphed to Canada to leam what preparations had been made on the other side for tho reception and disposal of the emigrants. Early in the month large meetings of un- employed artisans wero held in Poplar and the Isle of Dogs, to test the feeling of the population, and to advocate the necessity for a national scheme of emigration. These and similar minor gatherings in other parts of the metropolis, culminated on the 12th inst. in a great aggregated meeting at Exeter-hall, under tho presidency of Mr. Thomas Chambers, M.P. Among the speakers on the occasion were Mr. Torrens, Mr. A. M'Arthur, and Lord Alfred Churchill, all of whom strongly urged the necessity for a continuous outllow of our surplus labour, and showed that to bo steady and effectual the assistance and control of Govern- ment are indispensable. Lord A. Churchill urged that it was to our interest to encourage emigration to our Australian colonies in placo of America, and thought that tho Homo Government should concert measures with the colonial authorities for transporting the strangers on their arrival into tho inner portion of the tenitories. Facilities should also be given for acquiring land, so that the people might at once settle down in the inte- rior, instead of keeping to tho towns and coastlands. Resolutions were passed endorsing these and similar views. These movements arc promoted by the National Emigration Aid Society. The emigration agents representing the various British colonies are, of course, ex- ceedingly active, and an immense impetus cannot fail to be gb en to the scattering pro- cess. In Clerkenwell there is an Emigration Club, which has been so successful that 300 persons are about to leave that district for Canada by its means. At present it is the Atlantic colonies which are being almost exclusively enriched by means of our over- abundance of industrial power, but in tho course of a few months we may expect Vic- toria to appear moro prominently in tho market as an eager bidder for skilled work men. The indefatigable Miss Rye, inspired by her success in the domestic ¡servant line, has easther benevolent eyes on a very different class of proteges. Sho proposes to clear out of the streets of our large towns those waifs, of humanity populaily known as "City Arabs" and ' ' gutter children. " The schemo, however, has not met with a favourable re- ception. We should be only too glad to get rid of these forlorn jnvoniles, from whom our criminal class is largely recruited j but then we havo no right to cast the sweepings of our streets into the midst of colonial society. Such a course might well bo resented as in- dignantly as was the continuance of the trans- portation of our criminals by Australia a fow years ago. On the evening of the 10th inst. the House of Lords devoted nearly an entire sitting to the subject of emigration, in connexion with the fearful growth of pauperism. The discus- sion was initiated by Lord Houghton (Monck ton Milnes), who is favourable to the inter- position of the authorities to assist the mul- titudes who are heie almost labourless and breadless to reach some colonial Goshen. Poor Law guardians, the colonial authorities, and the Home Government should all, he thinks, co-operate in this necessary work, and to facilitate some intelligent and effective ac- tion, he suggested the appointment of a Royal Commission to examine the whole question. But he would have some tentative measures adopted at once. Lord Granville agreed as to theurgencyof the question, butdoubtedtheex pediency of a Royal Commission; and was particularly opposed to any Imperial addition being made to local resources. That Imperial naid was not indispensable was demonstiated by the enormous amount , of Irish emigration which had been pro- vided for by privato means, and any such private efforts would be arrested by Imperial aid. The general question, however, was be- fore the Government, and the President of the Poor Law Board had at present under his consideration measures-to which Lord Gran- ville referred-for an improvemeut in tho existing regulations for promoting emigra- tion. But he warned the House against anti- cipating too great íesults from anything tho Goveniment could do in that direction. The class which it would be of tho most benefit to_ this country to induce to emigrate either would not emigiato or was not acceptable in tho colonies. Lord Over- stone thought the true remedy was in a wiso administration of the Poor Law, and denied that any necessity existed for resorting to extraordinary measures. Lords Grey and Carnarvon agreed in the main with Earl Granville ; and the latter denied Lord Houghton's assertion that there was any great demand for labour in tho Australian colonies, and showed that Victoria was especially sensi- tive to any surplus labour. The discussion closed without the adoption of any resolution on the subject. AN ESCAPED CONVICT. A short time ago the antecedents of a notorious burglar, George Roberts, formed the subject of comment in tho House of Commons. He had returned from transpor- tation three times, had suffered various terms of imprisonment for'larcony, and a few weeks ago, on being found under suspicious circumstances in a house aTea, ho was sent to Wandsworth gaol for three months as a rogue and vagabond. A fortnight since he was summoned to Bow-street, and charged with having returned before the expiry of a term of transportation for life, passed in 1812. The first sentence of banishment was pro- nounced in 1837, when ho was sent to Hobart Town, worked his way to be one of the crew of Sir John Franklin's jolly-boat, and after- wards escaped. In 1842 he was again trans- ported for life, but soon got a ticket-of-leave, joined the Hobart Town police, saved £50 out of his wages, went to America, and on the first night of his arrival fell among thieves, who left him penniless. In 1851 ho was again in England, whither ho bad worked his way from America via France, and again incurred banishment for fourteen years. Once moro he earned his ticket-of-Ieave, and hearing that his mother had died, leaving a Utile pro- perty, carno back to the old haunts again, only lo bo revisited with tho sarao dread doom, nis bitter experiences, however, have . evidently told upon him ; and when con- fronted with the Recorder, tho miserable, broken-down old man uttered a most Îiathetic and touching appeal. " My lord, le said, "' have compassion on an old mVri. Don't send me again to those ponai colo»nA. Don't send me where I shall bo niggereu, flogged, and brutally ill- treated. Many a day out there have I thought of committing some horrid murder in order that I might bo hanged, and so escape from tho tyrants who almost persecuted mo to death. Oh, don t send me now, in my old days, to those dread- ful places." Roberts is sixty-five yoars of age. AUSTRALIAN BANKING. Some of the oldest Australian banks havo lately been lectured in our leading journals for their alleged departure from sound bank- ing principles and practices. Tho accusation is, that they havo allowed colonial produce (and especially wool) to bo consigned to their agents in London, and the shareholders aro warned of the disastrous consequonces b'"17 to ensue from such transactions. A letter from a writer in tho Economist, however, places the subject in a different light,.. ;aná attempts to show that the business .of a bank having its chief clients in the colonies, willi branches far in the in »tcrior, among squatters and sheep farmers, -must of necessity differ materially from the restricted form of banking proper to the London and Westminster and similar establishments. Still, if the warn- ing inspires caution, it will not bo a matter of regret. Tho squatter must bo assisted during the clipping season, and -consignments may be not imprudently mado to tlic local banks' London agents ; but it was insinuated in The Times that some of tho jfcP- tf.'had gone deeply into wool speculations. "Y "j thero any truth in this assertion, it ?wotfiil indeed bo timo for the ahc/reholders io interpose their emphatic veto; but no -cvideuco has yet been adduced calculated to justify so damaging an inference. On the 18tli inst., howover, a meeting of London merchants was hold, at tho offices of Messrs. Robert Brooks and Co., to take the matter into consideration ; and a series of re- solutions, protesting against the practice com- plained of, were passed, and, being signed by nineteen firms, were printed and forwarded to the Australian banks in Loudon and ia . the colonies. I MINOR TOPICS. The proprietors of the European Mail have arranged to issue a special edition for the Australian colonies every fourth Friday, the day of the departure of the mail via Mar- seilles. In addition to a complete budget of tho month's political, social, and general news, each month's number will contain an article upon colonial topics, treated from an English point of view, by a writer practically acquainted with the colonies. The impor- tant subjects of emigration, acclimatisation, the scientific manipulation of minerals, the best methods of preserving meat, the cultiva- tion of the vine, of cotton, tobacco, silk, &c;, will all receive special attention. The second number will go out to-day. A preliminary meeting wo3 held on Thurs- day, 25th March, for tho purpose of initialing a movement for bringing Australians resi- dent in or visiting London in contact with their old friends and associates. It is pro- posed to accomplish this by means of a "dinner club," to be held weekly at Haxell's Hotel, Strand. Mr. John Plummer, tho social science correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, is tho hon. secretary of tho proposed club. The honorary medal of tho Royal College of Surgeons has just been awarded by the council to Mr. William Lodewyk Crowther, of Hobart Town, for his many and valuablo contributions to the museum of the college. It is a handsome medal in gold, having on the obverse the arms of the college in high relief, and on the reverse Galen contemplat- ing a human skeleton. The value of tho honour is enhanced by its rarity. The only surviving college medalists aro Mr. Joseph Swan and Mr. George Bennett, of Sydney. A splendid testimonial, of the value of about £500, for presentation to Mr. Thomas Russell, late Defence .Minister of New Zea- land, has been on exhibition to the initiated at the rooms of Mr. Stephon Smith, of Covcnt- garden, by whom it has been de- signed and manufactured, at the request of a body of provincial bondholders. The testimonial consists of a centre- piece on plateau,, two end pieces, and lour lower pieces in silver. Tho centre is -a magnificent fWn-tiee on a rock base, sur -rounded by a Maori chief, his wife, and child. The whole is placed on a handsome plateau, with three arms carrying glasses for fruit or flowers. The two end pieces represontsraaller fern trees, with models of nativo birds on their base. The four corner pieces are models of New Zealand llora, iiax, cabbage, palm, &c.; The whole treatment of the device is frosted silver, relieved with burnished parts. -On tho 3rd inst. a peal of six bells were cast at Messis. Blow's foundry, Birmingham, for a church at Yass, near Sydney. A beautiful clipper ship, intended for the Australian trade, and named the Bnndalier, was launched from the yard of Messrs. Humphrey and Co., Aberdeen, on the 27th ult. She is of 937 tons register, measures 205ft. in length, thirty-four feet breadth of beam, and twenty feet depth of hold. The clipper is the property ot Messrs. Richard Connor and Co., and is to be commanded by Captain Phillip, formerly of tho Carnaqu been, belonging to the same firm. A deputation from the P. and 0. Steam Navigation Company had an interview with the Rii'hfc Hon. W. Monsell, at the Colonial Office, on the 6th inst., upon tho subject of the improvement of the harbour of Point de Golla Mr F. A. Weld has been appointed Governor of Western Australia. The bishopric of New Zealand has been -offered to and accepted by the Rov. W. G. Cowie, the rector of Stafford. The reverend gentleman was formerly chaplain to the late Bishop of Calcutta. The Society for Promoting Christian Know- ledge, at their March meeting, resolved to re- commend that a sum of £1,000 be granted towards a new Australian bishopric, the site of which shall be at Bathurst, so soon as £1,000 shall have been raised from other sources. A specimen design of the New Zealand medal has been submitted to and approved by Her Majesty. It may interest some of your readers to know that a series of four maps, illustrative of the midnight sky of the Southern hemis- phere, is now appearing in one of our popular magazines, the Leisure Hour, under tho superintendence of Mr. Dunkin, of the Greenwich Royal Observatory. By aid of these maps settlers in remote districts may \- easily learn the names of the stars, and their position in the heavens at different seasons. The latitude of Sydney, and the Capo of Good Hope, is taken in the charts. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM- MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LONDON, APBIL 23. The most noteworthy fact in connexion with tho money market during the past month is the advance of the Bank minimum from 3 to 4 per cent. This sudden movement was as unexpected as it was energetic. It took everybody by sur- prise. The usual premonitory symptoms of a change were wanting. There was no special pressure in the open market-no run for dis- count accommodation on the Bank of Eng- land. So late as March 27, the Economist remarked-" The tendency of tho value of money has been decidedly downwards for the »moment, and thero seems but little pro- bability that the course of tho market will be reversed for some time." Yet within five days of the expression of that opinion, the Bank directors took the unusual courso of advancing the current rate 1 per cent. So for once all the financial seers were at fault. When tho Bank return for the week ending March 31, however, appeared, the urgency of the reason was obvious, and the policy of the Court was applauded. It was seen that the reserve had fallen to an un- usually low point, mainly caused by the withdrawals of gold for export to the United States ; and there being the prospect of a continuance of this outflow, owing to a decline in the New York exchange to 107}-a rate at which remittances of specie became profitablc^-the directors deemed it prudent to arrest the movement, if possible, by vigorous action. The step proved, indeed, so effectual that an immediate and se- rious falling off in the discount business of the national establishment was the con- sequence; and the higher terms having at- tracted supplies from the Continent, money in the open market became more plentiful than ever. Still, however, tbo reserve of the Bank con- tinued to ebb away, the two following weeks relir is revealing a diminution of nearly a « ii? r so that a disposition to blame the directors for the severity of their move has been checked. On the 10th inst., The Times remarked :-" The last Bank return is again unfavourable, and such as to demonstrate the expediency of the hold advance of one per cent, made at the beginning of the month. The reservo is now equal to only 31 per cent, .of tho liabilities ; and as this is below the normal proportion, it must be expected that any further adverse movement will demand aniinmediate increase of the rato to4A or 5. It is two and a half years since the reserve ?was ar, a point BO low, and the rate then was 4Î, while consols wore only slightly above" 89. With largo loans, actual and prospective, weighing on tho market, and tho_ certainty that any inflation at pre- sent existing in America will romain un ? checked so iong as money can be borrowed on United States bonds in London, Paris, and Frankfort, at lowor terms than in New i ork, the necessity for caution in all mercan tile and financial transactions is sufficiently obvious." The tendency to an advance in the terms for money is beginning to manifest itself in the continental markets. The Bank of Hol- land has raised its rate from 2.J to 3'per cent. Some relief is anticipated when the arrivals of gold from Australia which have occurred during the past ten days shall have boon ab- sorbed into our monetary system. TI10 re- mittances to the East have been rather consi deruble of late, but show signs of slackening. _ The Bank of France has recently exhibited signs of some revival of financial activity. With a moderate declino in the bullion, there has been an increaso in the discounts and in ¡ tho noto circulation. The aspect of the foreign stock market underwent a marked chango after the Bank advance. Speculators for tho riso received a heavy blow, and many_ dealers have since attempted to realise, which has thrown a great amount of stock on tho market and do pressed prices. Russia has fallen out of favour from the pertinacity of her demands ; Spanish have fluctuated with the changes in political prospects, and tho reports concerning tho new loan ; Egyptian have been firm at advancing rates ¡ Peruvian have fluctuated, from the contention about the guano supply ; United States 5.20 bonds havo touched 84, the highest point yet recorded, and are still largely absorbed in the London and somo of the Continental markets ; Indian securities are in good request ; home railway stocks and sliareB havo been much neglected sinco tho declaration of the dividends ; Hudson's Bay shares show improvement after a crisis of unduo depression. English Government stocks rallied some- what after the energetic action of tho Bank directors ; but the temporary advantage has been lost, and Consols for the last few days have ranged between 93 and 93}. Yesterday was appointed as special settling day in the scrip of the new Victoria five per cent, railway loan. Next week quotations arc to bo marked ou our Stock Ex- change list ; meanwhile, notwithstanding the f avon rabio issue of your local loan of £300,000-a fnct perfectly well known among our money- dealers-holders of scrip are offering it freely at a premium of ös. per cent. Australian and Now Zealand Government debentures have partaken, with other invest- ments, of the general dulncss of things in this market during the past month. The following are the latest quotations of Australian securities and shares : Shurc I _ or '3 g- Kaines of Companies, itc. Bond. *a\ Latest Prices. Stock Stock' Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Shares 20i Stock Stock Stock 28J 100 100 100 I QOVKUtlUKST BTOl'KH.* | ¡Victoria Govornmcnt, 0 pen I cent. (Jan. and July) .. ¡Do., elo. (April and Oct.) ..! ¡Do., 6 per cent, scrip .. G NewSouth Walcs,6pcrcont.,| 1871 to 1870 (Jan. & July). !Do., do.,1888 to 1808 (do.).. |Do., do., redeem., '08 to '78 ¡South Australian, 0 per cent. I (Jan. and July) .. ..j Melbourne Corporation, Oper I cent. (May anil Nov.) .. I .Geelong Corporation, 0 por I cent. (May anel Nov.) Queensland, 0 percent. (Jan. I and July). Now Zealand, 0 per cent. .. Do., 5 percent Tinnianian, 0 per cent., 1895 (Jan. and Julj) .. I COMl'ANIKH'BONDS. Melboeirno and Hobson i Bay Hallway, 0 per cent. I Donds (1880) ?Do., 5 percent., 1895 I HANKS. New South Wales .. Australasia. Union of Australia .. South Australia, London Chartered of Aus 1 tralia. English, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Chartered Oriental . Now Zealand. Victoria . Otago. National of Australasia MINKS. YudanamutauaofSoutliAus tralia . Port PhllllpMining Company Scottish Australian Mining.. Kapunda, S.A. Worthing Copper, S.A. Yorke Peninsula MISCELLANEOUS. Australian Agricultural Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Molbounieand Hobson's Bay Railway Otago and Southland In- vestment Company New Zaaland Trust and Loan New Zealand Loan and Mer- cantile Agency South Australian Land Trust and Agency of Aus- tralasia . Van Diemen's Land.. North British Australasian.. Peel River Land and Minorai Scottish Australian Invest- ment . 1U1 1101 p, c. prom. 100 OSi 100 109 100 105 108 108 1)5 101 91 471 3 lj 431 17 381 n i 1 î dis. 11 li 15J 2} 35 85 * These quotations include accrued intorest. LOANS ANO NEW COMPANIES. At length success has so far attended tho efforts of Mr. W, Collard Smith that the com- panies whose interests ho came to this coun- try to promoto havo been introduced to tho English public. Early in the month tho pro- spectus was published of a plan for raising capital in our market^ in .order to work with increased facilities^ some already partially-developed Victorian gold-mines. The mines, it appears, are in the hands of colonial projectors, and aro describod as the Winter's Freehold Gold-mining Company (Limited), Ballarat, Victoria ; and the Great North-West Company, of the same place, also limited. Tho capital of tho former association is £324,000, in 1,290 shares of £25 each. Half of these shares arc hold hy the colonial proprietary, and tho other moiety is now boing offered in the English market. The capital of the latter is £250,000, in 5,000 shares of £20, and 15,000 sharesof £10 each ; 10,000 of the latter aro offered to us, the othersbeingheldinthocolony. Itismontioned that the whole of the capital raised by the London shareholders is to bo expended in mining operations ; and English interests are to be watched over by an inspector on the spot. Numerous alluring particulars relative to the properties in ejuestion, and to the suc- cess of adjacent mining companies, are given in the prospectus. Tho whole schomo seems to commend itself as a legitimate speculation, but nothing has at present transpired as to the amount of the applications received. New Zealand Quartz-crushing and Gobi mining Company (Limited). - Tho pros- pectus of this company, which is introduced by a respectablo directory, of which Dr. Lan kester is the chairman and General Downing one of the members, has been issued. Tho proposed capital is £50,000, of which one-half will at first bo issued in 12,500 shares at 40s. each. The company proposes to direct its attention to the newly-discovered Thames gold-field, situated near the shore, on the northern island of New Zealand. As tho gold exists thero in quartz reefs, machinery for crushing is urgently wanted, and this the company intends to supply. Steam engines, with tho necessary apparatus, aro to be sent out under the charge of Mr. Stovin, who will tako with him a small staff of qualified assist- ants. The manager's remuneration is to be dependent on the success of the com- pany. He accepts, for three years' service, while residing in New Zealand, 2,500 fully paid-up shares instead of money ; but, after twenty-five per cent, dividend has been paid to the shareholders, a small percentage on the extra profits. A thousand of the 2,500 shares are to De hold in trust by the directors, and, in the event of the manager's death during his engagement, they will bo cancelled for tho benefit of the company. Mr. G. Ken-, of the firm of Gilbert, Kerr, and Co., has joined the direction. The calculations and plans put forth by the com- pany have not escaped criticism by the press, but nothing seriously prejudicing tho pros- pects of tho project has come under my obser- vation. Ono writer complains thatmachinery should be taken out from this country, when it could bo obtained in Melbourne or in Sydney. The manager's roply is that such a course would involve considerable delay. It is just notified that General Downing has seceded from the board. MELBOURNE MEAT-1'ltESERVING COMPANY. Messrs. John M'Call and Co., of Hounds i ditch, have issued a circular in which, after referring to the success of their efforts to in- troduce Australian meat into this country, and to the existence of large orders for futuro arrivals, they intimate their willingness to receive and forward to tho colony applica- tions for 5,000 unallotted shares in this com- pany. niVlDENH MEETINGS, &C.; Chartered Bank of India, Australia, and China.-At tho meeting on the 21st inst., a dividend was declared for the half-year ended 31st December last, at tho rate of 6 per cent per annum. Van Diemen's Land Company.-Tho ad- journed meeting took place yesterday. Port Phillip and Colonial Gold-mining. ¡ Yesterday a distribution of Is. per sharo was resolved on. Oriental Bank.-Tho.directors havo recom- mended a dividend of 0 per cent, for the half year ending the 31st ult. Royal Mail Steam Packet Company. -The annual meeting is convened for the 28th inst. to receive the directors' report and elect new directors. Hudson's Bay Company.-At an adjourned meeting of the shareholders, tho proposal of Lord Granville for the purchase of tho territorial rights of tho undertaking on ac- count of the Canadian dominion, was agreod to, though not without considerable discus- sion, and no slight display of acrimony. An amendment for tho rejection of the proposal waa moved, but it was defeated. The Colo- nial Secretary's terms are-£300,000 cash, 50,000 acres of land around their posts, and the twentieth of all land in the "fertile belt" set out for settlement within the next fifty years, by which they may eventually get ten or twelve million acres in a settled country, and will probably got very soon about a mil- lion acres in tho country to bo immediately opened up. The general impression is that the company has got a good bargain, though the bedazzled shareholders generally cannot see it. The arrangement is understood to have been approved by the Canadian authori- ties. A half-yearly dividend of £1 153. por share, being at the rate of 7 por cent, per annum, is advertised as now payable on tho shares of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company, The particulars are published of a number of bonds, representing £39,800, of the New Zealand Government five per cent, consols, which were drawn on tho 25th of March, and will be payable on the 15th April at the offices of the Crown agenls for tho colonies. rilODUOE MAltKliTS. Wool.-Since the closo of tho last London sales, the colonial wool market has been very quiet, and neither in London nor in the provinces is there much demand for the raw article. Tho quantity coming forward in our May-June series, which laus been esti- mated as high as 250,000 bales, will, Mr. Helmut!) Schwartüo thinks, probably fall considerably short of that total ; and us manufacturers aro but slightly stocked, the prevalent opinion is that wo shall see prices about the samo as in March last. The fresh sales are expected to open about the (¡th of May. The arrivals amount to a total of 181,470 bales. At Liverpool, great inactivity has prevailed in the local wool market. To-day a series of public sales of low wool commences, when 2,500 bales of River Plate will bo offered, On the 27th and following days, 13,000 bales of East India will be brought forward ; and on tho 4th of May and following days, 7,000 bales of sundries will be submitted. Australian Tallow.-Writing on the 0th inst., Messrs. Goad, Rigg, and Co. report that ." the demand had been rather limited during the previous month, the sales comprising only 1,927 casks. The present value of fair to good mutton is 45s. to 45s. 3d., and good to fine beef 44s. to 44s. 3d., being a decline of Gd. on tho fermer, but an advance of Gd. to 9d. per cwt. on the latter, as compared with the quota- tions of March G. Imports since then, 1,854 casks; stock about 1,909 casks." Since that date about 900 casks have been disposed of. The prices now realised for mutton aro 44s. Gd. to 45s. Gd. for fair to fine descriptions. Beef fetches 43s. 3d. to 4-ls. for good medium to fine qualities. Mixed tallow commands from 41s. to 42s. Od. for rather low to me- dium lots. SIKHCANTILK läMBAKItASSMENTS, &C; The numerous suspensions which still con- tinue to ho reported from the manufacturing districts show the severity of the crisis through which the country is passing. The following are among the firms which havo succumbed :-Messrs. William Dickinson and Sons, cotton manufacturers and loom makers, at Blackburn, liabilities about £70,000 ; Messrs. J. Oldfield and Co., worsted spin- ners, of Halifax, liabilities £15,000 ; Messrs. Ogden and Co., woolstaplers, of Halifax, liabilities largo ; Messrs. Ferguson, Kemp, and Co., wincey and fancy dress manu- facturers, of Glasgow, liabilities about £11,000; Mr. W. Ingham, manufacturer, of Great Har- wood, liabilities about £12,000 ; Messrs. Hallam and Madge, tinplate trade, at Swan- sea, liabilities £70,000 ; Messrs. Ingram and Co., Leeds, liabilities £10,000 ¡ Mr. W. Lynd, oil merchant, Leeds, liabilities £27,000 ; Messrs. P. Kean and Co., fancy dress manufac terers, of Glasgow, liabilities moderate ; at Bradford, several small failures in the woollen trade are announced ; Messrs. Pas- more, Smith, and Co., of Bombay, liabilities small in this country ; an American house, in the French trade, has failed, hut particulars have not transpired ; Messrs. T. Richardson and Sons, hop merchants, London, liabilities £50,000. A composition of 10s. in the pound has been accepted by the creditors of Messrs Hall and Webster, wool brokers j and abo by the creditors of Mr. Benjamin, in the Cape trade. The creditors of Mr. John Hamer accept 13s. 4d. ; those of Mr. John Crossley, woolstapler and warp maker, of Halifax, 8s. ; and those of Messrs. John Pennington and Co., of Colne, 5s. in the pound. Creditors of the Panama,, New Zealand, and Australian Royal Mail Company (Limited) aro required to sond the particulars of their claims to Mr. John Young, of Tokenhouse yard, the official liquidator, by the 1st of May, the 25th of May having been appointed by Vice-chancellor Malins for adjudicating upon them. Creditors of the Great Northern Copper mining Company of South Australia (Limited) are required to send the particulars of their claims to Mr. James L. Price, of 13 Gresham strect, by the 20th of May. A series of stupendous frauds have been perpetrated on the Great Central Gas Com- pany by a bookkeeper named Higgs. The extent of tho peculation is not accurately known, as tho officials of the company refuse all information on the subject to inquisitive and indignant shareholders ; but rumour has magnified the depredations from £50,000, at which they were first placed, to £200,000. Though Higgs was in the receipt of only £400 a year salary, he has been_ living at a cost of thousands ; his munificence was princely ; and when his career of splendid crime culminated in sudden flight, he was erecting a mansion estimated to cost £50,000. He has left a wife and nine children behind bim in utter poverty. They had been sys- tematically deceived as to the source of his ailluence. As a meeting of the company is to be held on the 30th inst., we shall soon pro- bably obtain further light on this iniquitous mystery. Meanwhile, the directors are sternly reproached for the culpable negligence in per- mitting the possibility of such enormous losses. In connexion with the South Staffordshire iron trade there havo been some serious forgeries, in which the chief sufferer is the Birmingham and Midland Bank. Tho forged bills were executed and issued by Mr. Harrop, of the firm of Somerville and Harrop. The criminal has hitherto contrived to eludo the vigilance of the police. A plan is now oefore the Lords committee for reconstructing the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway, which involves a partial salo of the lino to tho creditors. Debenture stock is to be created in two moieties for all exist- ing debentures and arrears of interest, and also for the general creditors. The first moiety is to bear interest at 4A per cent, payable in pre- ference, and tho second interest at the same rate, but deferred to the first moiety, and to be treated, in fact, as an ordinary preference stock, interest only being paid when there is : money for it in the year. The debenture I stock thus created will amount to about £8,000,000, and power is to bo taken to create an additional amount of first debenture stock for outlay on line and rolling stock and contingencies. Under this arrangement the second debenture-holders will clearly bo the company for a considerable time-the people interested in making a profit and who can hope to Bharo in ono ; and it naturally follows that it should bo proposed to give thom voting powers. * j IiEVENUE, TIIADE, AND EMIGRATION IU3TUKNS. The revenue returns for the quarter, and also for the year ending March 31, have been published. During the past three months tho national revenue has amounted to £20,109,888, and this exceeds by £731,314 the totals for the corresponding quarter of last year. There has been an in- crease under tho headings of Exciso, Stamps, Taxes, Property-tax, Post-office, Crown lands, and Miscellaneous. Customs is the only item in tho receipts in which there has been a falling off. and this is to the extent of £G2,000. The rcvenuo for the year is £72,591,991, or a net increase of £2,991,772 upon tho figures of last year. Of this the augmented income-tax accouuts for £2,441,000. . . According to the trade and navigation returns, the total value of tho imports of tho United Kingdom in the month of January was £11,943,405, or more by rather ovor £2,000,000 than tho imports in the correspond- ing month of last year. The exports aro made up to the end of February. This year their value amounted to £13,485,020-a de- crease of £855,953 upon the returns of the same month in 1808. . ?? The Liverpool Government emigration offi- cials have issued their usual monthly, and also the quarterly Yeturns of the emigration from the Mersey. The monthly return sho w< a great increase when compared with March of last yeor. During the month there sailed to theUnit('dStatesl2,¡138passengers, of whom 4,807 were English, C57 Scotch. 2,791 Irish, and 1,080 foreigners. Theso passengers left in ships sailing under the act. The number of vessels sailing not under the act during the past month wore-1 to the United States with 80 passengers, 3 to Victoria with IG passengers, 1 to Newfoundland with G passengers, 5 to South America with 58 passengers, 4 to Africa with 33 passengers, aud 1 to tho West Indies with 4 passengers, making a total lor the whole month, both under and not under the act, of 12,620 passengers, against 7,240 during the same month last year. During the three months ending March 31 the number of emigrants who left Hie Mersey exceeded by 5,310 the number who sniled during the same period of 18Ü8. During the quarter 10,208 passengers, cabin and steerage, left Liverpool under tho act, and 1,521, cabin and steerage, not under the act. The total emigration for the quarter was 20,789, which, when compared with the same period of the pre- vious year, shows an increase of 5,310. A gi eat majority of the passengers who have left Liverpool during the present year were English, the facilities now afforded by the inman, Canard, Guion, and other lines of steamers at Queenstown for Irish emigrants having greatly reduced the numbers which at one time left via Liverpool. ENGLISn SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVALS. Ascalon, at Gravesend 17th April, from Sydney. Asteropo, at Gravesond 14th April, from Wellington, Brockham, at Gravesend 0th April, from Sydney. Bon Novis, at Gravesond 13th April, from Mel- bourne. Conflict, at Gravesend 17th April, from Molbourno. Darra, at Plymouth 4th April, from Adelaide. Excelsior, at Gravesend 17th April, from Auckland Ethel, at Gravesend 17th April, from Hobart Town. Ettie, at Gravesond, from Port Augusta. Georgina, at Queenstown 0th April, from Adolaldo. Gcorgotown, at Gravesend 18th April, from Fre- mantle. lloro, at Deal 17th April, from Nelson. Ilarmodius.at Deal 10th April, from Brisbane. La Hoguo, at Gravesond lSth April, from Sydnoy. Lochiel, al Gravoscnd 17th April, from Sydney. Light Brigade, at Gravesend 13th April, from Can- terbury. Mediator, at Gravesend 11th April, from Mel- bourne. Moravian, at Plymouth 7th April, from Molbourno. Marmion, at Gravesend 10th April, from Sydnoy. Oecan, at Gravesend 8th April, from O eulong. Oriental, at Gravesond 17th April, from Geelong. Princess of Wales, at Gravesend 19th April, from rort Alfred. Quickstep, at Gravesond 18th April, from Bris- bane. Red Jacket, at Gravesend 5th April, from Mel- bourne. Rhuddlan Casllo, at Gravesond 7th April, from Melbourne. Rockcliff, at Deal 10th April, from Melbourne. Bouth Australian, at Gravesend 0th April, from Adelaide. Suffolk, at Gravesend Sth April, from Molbourno. St. Austral, at Gravesend 10th April, from Port Alfred. Sussex, at Plymouth 21st April, from Molbourno. Verulam, at Deal 5tl> April, from Adelaide. Westbury, off Plj mouth 7th April, from Launces- ton. Wm. Davlo, at Gravesend 18th April, from Sydney. Zephyr, 'at Gravesend 10th April, from Swan River. DEPARTURES. Agnes Rose, from Gravesend 0th April, for Sydney. Carnaquheen, from Gravesend ard April, for Ado Illicit'. Challenger, from Deal 17th April, for Otago. Cabot, from Deal 11th April, for Brisbane. Dallara Tower, from Llvorpool 1st Apt 11, for Mel- bourne. Ethiopian, from Gravesend Oth April, for Mel- bourne. Early Dawn, from Graveiond 17th April, for Bris- bane. Evolyn, from Deal 17th April, tor Adelaide. Elizabeth Dougall, from Gravesond 13th April, for Port Phillip. Furness Abboy, from Deal llth April for Port Phillip. Guiding Star, from Gravesend 21st April, for Ade- laide. Gresham, from Plymouth 29th March, for Mel- bourne. Gauntlet, from London 3rd April, for Sydnoy. Hastings, from Gravesend 17th April, for Swan River. Jolibar, from Gravesond 2nd April, for Canterbury. John Banfield, from Deal Hth April, for Auckland, Kedron, from Llvorpool 30th March, for Adolalde. Leicester, from Gravesend 7th April, for Sydnoy. Murray, from Deal '1th April, for Adelaide. NncUufl, from Deal 17th April, for Port Phillip. Royal Edward, from Liverpool 15th April, for Mel- bourne. Remington, from Liverpool 12th April, for Sydney. Swiftsure, from Gravesend Oth April, for Mol- bourno. True Briton, from Plymouth 20th March, for Mel- bourne. Tliyatira, from Gravesend 1-lth April, for Sydney. Vorltas, from Deal 1st April, for Wellington. Young Australia, from London 10th April, for Bris- bane, VESSELS LOADING. AT LONDON. For Molbourno.-Kosciusko, Lanarkshire, Star of Peace, Aurora, Norfolk, Christina Thompson, Dona Anita, Napoleon III., Dover Castle, Britomart, Naval Reservo, Palm Tree, Moravian, Suffolk, J. M. Joshua, Bliuddlan Castle, Zenobia, Harlaw, J. L. Hall, and Aurora. For Sydney.-Damascus, Commissary, Martha Birnie, Jason, Resolute, Barlngor, Cornwallis, Ellon Stewart, Zemindar, Dllawur, Ascalon, La Hoguo. For Adelaide.-Pekina, Coonatto, Yatala, Goolwa, City of Adelaide, Darra, South Australian, E. A. Oliver, Ettie. For Brisbane.-Royal Dano, Coylon. For Launceston.-Osborne, Westbury. For Swan River.-Palestine, Bridgtown. For Hohart Town.-Runnymede, Sea Wave, Ethel. For Auckland.-Ballarat. For Otago.-Advance. For Nolflon.-Abdul Medjld. Fer Canterbury.-Annie Scott. For Wellington.-Halciono. AT LivKBrooii, For Holbourne.-Lightning, Marpesia, Bttcton Castlo, Hecuba. Fer Sydney.-Yosemite, Warwickshire. For Adelaide.-Viola. For Auckland.-Danish Beauty. For Otago.-Robert Ritson. For Brisbane.-Star Queon, Dunkeld. AT GLABOOW. For Melbourne-Clanranald. For Adelaide.-City of Azaph. AT LEITH. For Molbourno,-Eastern Empire VESSELS SPOKEN WITH. Devana, London to Molbourno, Fobruary 14, Odeg. S., 29dcg. W. Champion, Molbourno to London, January 1, fildeg, S., Sötlcg. W. Eumenldes, Adelaide to London, Fobruary 13,30deg. S.,lldcg. E. hinckley Castle, London to Sydney, February 15, Odeg. N., 22tlcg. W. Ettie, Port Augusta to London, Fobruary 20, off St. Helena. Miiinio Graham, London to Sydnoy, January 24, 32deg. S., 17deg. W. St. Leonards, Adelaide to Loudon, Fobruary 10, 25deg. S., 68dce. E. Conflict Melbourne to London, Fobruary 22, 35dcg. S., 20dcg. W. rhlncas Pondlotou, Liverpool to Now Zealand, February 25, 25deg. S., 2Sdeg. W. Chaio, London to Sydney, Fobruary 20, 21dog. S., 20deg. W. Tinto, London to Otago, Fobruary 20. Concord, London to Moreton Bay, February 1, 27dcg. S., 8deg. W. ABteropo, Wellington to London, Fobruary 5, 57dog. S"81dcg. W. Gloneober, London to Sydnoy, March 8, lOdog. S., 6f><le'g. W. Memento, London to Wellington, March 2, 3deg. S., 21deg. W. Balnaquith, London to Hobart Town, February 1, 27dcg. S., 8deg. W. Waller Hood, London to Sydnoy, March 10, 3dog. N. 23dcg. W. Eurydice, London to Melbourne, samo day. Arracan, Clyde to Melbourne, April 13, off Bardsoy Isles. St. Vincent. Adelaide to London, March 25,23ilog. S., Beleg. E. Light of tho Ago, London to Adolaldo, Fobruary 21, ldcg. N., 24dog. W. Philosopher, Portsmouth to Molbourno, February 23, 20dog. S., 34dcg. W. Calm, Melbourne to London, March 10, Odeg. N., SOdeg. W. _ SHIP LAUNCHES. Mr. W. Pilo launched rccontly, from his yard at tho North Sands, in tho Wear, an Iron sailing ship, named the Runnymede, of 700 tonB roglster, 200 foot length, 30 feet beam, and l8 feet hold, olassod Al at Lloyd's. She has been purchased by James Alexander, of London, and is Intonded for tho Hobart Town trado, and will be commanded by Captain Hay. This is tho fifth vossol launched from Mr. Pilo's yard during tho present year. Lately, from the building yard of Messrs. John Humphrey and Co., Abordoon, a fino clipper ship, named the Bundaleer. Hor dimensions aro as follows:-Length, 107ft,; breadth, 34Jft. ; depth, 201 f t. ; 1,002 toss builder's measurement. She bus been built express!) for the trado bctwoeu Loudon and Adolaldo, South Australia, and so eoon as fitted out will proceed to London to load for that colony, vi hero the will take tho berth for tho homeward pas sago as one of Messrs. Elder, Smith, and Co.'s packets. Sbe 1B to bo commanded by Captain Robert Phillips, lato of the Carnaquheen. Messrs. Richard Connon and Co., of Aberdeen, aro tho managing owners. AliAliqtR was launched from Mr. nocklng'sbuild- ing yard, Stonehouse, on March 20. Shots 1,000 tons burthen and 7C0 tons old measurement, and Is classed 14 Al at Lloyd'B, was named tho Zophyrus, and is to he commanded by Edward Radden. She is Intended for trado between India, China, and Australia. Her cabins aro woll arranged for carrying passengers. Tun Melpomene, a first class iron sailintr ship of 1 450 tons register, was launched on April 14 from Messrs John Hold and Co.'g building-yard, Port Glas- gow. Tho ship Is the property of Mossrs. Henry Fer- nie and Son, Liverpool, and Is to be omployed In the Melbourne trade. Tho True Briton, for Melbourne, sailed from Ply- mouth on tho 27th March. The Ethiopian, for Melbourne, wai off Dartmouth on tb'e 8th of April. ME. C. DICKENS AT LlYERPOOL. On the 10th of April Mr. Charles Dickons was entertained at a banquet in St. Goorge's hall by his local admirers. At half-past five the principal guests, the mayor and Mr. Dickons leading, entered the hall amidst enthusiastic plaudits, and took their seats at the chief table, and among the guests were- Mr. Palgrave Simpson, Mr. Anthony Trollope, Lord Houghton, Lord Dufferin (Chancellor of tho Duchy of Lancaster), Mr. W. Hcpworth Dixon, Mr. Alphonse Esquiros, Mr. Andrew Halliday, Mr. C. E. Norton (of Boston, U.S.A.), Mr. A. Trollope, jun., Mr. C. Dickens, jun. The loyal and patriotic toasts having been proposed and honoured, Lord Houghton responded to the toast of "Tho Houses of Parliament;" and in the course of his speech observed,-It has struck the members of that assembly which I repre- sent, with occasional pain and regret, that amid the life-Iiko and admirable portraitures of tho classes of society in Mr. Dickens's works, the members of the Houso of Lords appear in a not very frequent or flatter- ing character. (Laughter and applause.) In fact, ladies and gentlemen, I can hardly speak aloud the designation which Mr. Dickens has bestowed upon us, (Mr. Dickens. -''Oh, do.") Well, I really cannot. (Laugh- ter.) I do not know- in fact, I will not attempt to interpret the secret of literature which has not permitted this class of society to appear in a more agreeable phase. My friend Mr. Dickens has shown little or no in- terest in tho matter of our political life. Why is it he has not taken part in the civic rights | of his friends? (" Hear, hear," and a laugh.) For my part, I believe any man of letters, however great his individuality may be, would be the better for those duties and those struggles which tho life of a citizen engen- ders-(hear, hear)-and I am sure, on tho other hand, that political lifo feels its as- perities softened and its conditions enlarged whenever it touches upon the great sphores of literature and thought. (Hear, hear.) There- fore I do regret that Mr. Dickens has not been our comrado in this matter, because I know that with those wonderful powers of expression, to the utterance of which you your suives havo lately been witnesses, and with that large heart and that deep sympathy and insight into the wants and wishes and ways of the people of this country, he would have been a power in our great national assembly. ("Hear, hear," and cheers.) And if he had chosen, or perhaps, condescended so far, ho might have acceded to the honours of Lord Macaulay and Lord Lytton. (Great cheering.) Tho toast of the evening was proposed by Lord Dufferin, the more notable portions of whose speech were the following :-" It has been the privilege of Mr. Dickens's genius not only to range through all thoso more obvious fields of literaturo, of sentiment, of passion, which are the acknowledged domain of tho poet and the metaphysician, but ho has been constantly extending the rango of our individual sympathies, and roveahng to us, both in ourselves and in each other, depths of feeling which, but for the influences of his art, might long havo slept in barron listlessness within our souls. (Hear, hear.) I feel, then, that under these circumstances it would require all Mr. Dickens's universal and delicate power of dis- crimination to enumerate and defino the various elements of grateful omotion which arc stirring within the hearts of all those who are assembled in this hall to-night to do him honour. (Cheers.) But I think I have in- cidentally alluded to two special re- spects in which every one of us will piobably acknowledge that he has become the richer through the prodigality of Mr. Dickens's genius. I have said that ho has quickened tho power and the range of our national susceptibilities, and created fresh bonds of sympathy between ourselves and our fellowmcn. Now, sir, I cannpt but think that the man who enables mc to seo some- thing more than was before obvious to my dimmer conception of that hidden beauty which still lurks about this world of ours, or who has enabled mo to enter more fully and heartily into communion with the thoughts and feelings and wishes of roy fellow men, has conferred upon me a greater benefit than if he had en- dowed me with a sixth sense, or added to tho span of my existence. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Mayor, I see that we are to-night honoured with the presence of ladies, and I will venturo to appeal to them, at all events, in support of tho first part of my proposition. If any single human sentiment may. bo supposed to bo abovo the illustrative art of the poet, or the stimulus of analytical portraiture, it would be the love of the mothor for her child. But is there a mothor among us who will not rendily acknow- ledge that her appreciative affections havo been intensified, and that her intuitive in- sight into her offspring's thoughts and feel- ings, have been rendered moro acute, and that her baby-world has been adorned and illuminated by tho magical charm with which child-life has been invested in the stories of " Little Nell," " Young Dombey," and "Tiny Tim." (Cheers.) Again, ladies and guntlcmen, in this workaday world of ours, with its colourless surroundings, its laborious routine, and the depressing mono- tony with which civilisation scorns to havo a tendency to stamp the superficial surface of existence, what is our great danger? Is it not this-that wo should get to think of life as it presents itself to us in its outer super- ficial aspect ; we should como to think of men and women in their impassive conven- tional rigidity, and judge of the molten metal by tho corrugated film which has gathered round it, instead of by the bright and bril- liant current that glows boneath, until at last wo should refuse to recognise either heroism or moral beauty, excopt when lifted up beyond the sphere of everyday life, or else surrounded by some majestical material associations. (Cheers.) Ladies and gentle- men, previous writers have felt this so acutely that they have been in the habit of taking refuge in an Olympus of fiction, peopled by heroes and heroines compacted of the most etherial materials, or else in scenes of idyllic nonsenso equally unsubstantial. (Hoar.) Mr. Dickens, howover, has had the courage to confront the enigma, and he has shown us how the alchemy of genius can convert tho commonest paths of life, the most common- place and vulgar regions of society, into a per- fect kingdom of romance. (Applause.) Undor his large-hearted leadership wo have come to regard the love affairs of Mr. Swiveller and his Marchioness with greater interest than any elevated ideals of high life, and to look upon the round little figure of Mr. Pick- wick with the sameloving reverence which wo are accustomed to bestow upon the most chivalrous paladin of antiquity. (Applause.) Not only so, but Mr. Dickens has conferred a still further benefit upon us. lie has taucht rich and poor, the educated and the simple, to recogniso their common humanity not merely by the characteristics of their physical nature, but by their mutual susceptibility to those higher and purer influences which constitute tho poetry of life. (Applause) Well may the mosses of his countrymon be grateful to Mr. Dickens for the nobio and beautiful irradiation which ho has poured down upon their daily lives. (Hear, hear.) Philosophers teU us that the lifo and heat emitted from the fuol we burn upon our earth is nothing but the redistribu- tion of that sunshine which has boen absorbed in former ages by that primeval vegetation which now lies garnered in our coalfields. In tho same manner Mr. Dickons has spread abroad his genial influence through the land ; it has become absorbed and assimilated in the hearts of his fellow-countrymen, and now I imagine there is not ahorne in England but has been rendered brighter and more gladsomo by the reproduction and distribution of that kindly spirit of domestic affection which has been the main purport of his teachings. (Applause.) For, ladies and gentlemen, re- member that Mr. Dickens has not only mado us wisor and better, moro loving and moro human, but he has taught us the duty of gaiety and the religion of mirth (opplauso), and yet tho lambent play of his wit and humour and fancy has not only revealed moro distinctly the depths of passion in his nature. as the laughter of tho sea along its thousand ' shining shores is hut another expression of ] those lmmonsurablo forces which Ho latent in its bosom. (Applause.) It is for theso reasons, T imagine, that thero has beon created botween Mr. Dickens and his fellow countrymen those peculiarities which aro so distinct from thoso which usually exist bo- tween an author and his public. We are all of us, of course, at all times glad to mako tho acquaintance of distinguished porsons, from curiosity, from tho profit and amusomont to bo derived from their conversation, from a thousand motives: but after perusing ono of Mr. Dickens's volumes we all of us feol a longing and a yearning for his personal friendship. (Applause.) Ho has so penetrated our very, hearts and our very natures with the inspirations of his genius that ho has established between us something of a domestic tie, and we aro naturally anxious to grant the freedom of our hearts to him who has added a tenfold grace to all our social intercourse. (Applause) This feolinghas been universal amongst Mr. Dickens's own country- men, andho hasTicon good enoughof late to gra- tify it, atmuch inconvenience tohimself, byhis public "readings in several .^Ató Great Britain and Ireland, Bu. ' ^¿ | for his ocquaintanccship has notbt>. \ """; confined to England. Ho has becu ¡°"' pcllcd to yield to similar solicitai» " ? addressed to him from across the Ai " lantio ; and this suggests to mo an- other consideration which I cannot help alluding to before] I resume oiy scat. Our children may become our rivals, and perhaps our enemies, but whatever may be the convulsion which our dominion may be destined to undergo, there is one empire which will never suffer j disruption ; there is one allegiance which will never be abjured ; there is one despotism which will never provoke revolt, and that is tho sway and the supremacy which Mr. Dickens's writings aro destined to excrciso over every English-speakinc community, whether they be inhabitants of au American i republic, of an African or Indian colony, or of a futuro Australasian empire. (Applause) Mr, DICKKNH, who was received with loud cheers, said,-Mr. Mayor, ladies, and gontlc men, although I have becomo so well accustomed of late to the sound of my own voice in this neighbourhood as to hear it with perfect composure, the ocoosion is, believo mc, very different in respect of thoso overwhelming voices of yours. As Professor W llson once confided to mo in Edinburgh that I bad not the least idea, from hearing him in public, what a magnificent speaker ho found himself to be when he was quito alone (laughter), so you can form no concep- tion, from tho specimen before you, of tho eloquence with which I shall thank you again and again in some of the inner- most moments of my futuro life. (Ap- plause.) Often and often then, God willing, my memory will recall this brilliant scene, and will ro-illuminato this banquet hall. I, faithful to this placo in its present aspect, will observo it exactly as it stands not ono man's seat empty, not one woman's fair face absent, whilo life and memory abido by nie. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Mayor, Lord Duf- ferin in his speech-so affecting to me, so elo- quently uttered and so rapturously received (cheers)-made agracefuland gracious allusion to tho immediate occasion of my present visit to your noble city. It is no homage to Liver- pool, based upon a moment's untrustworthy enthusiasm, but it is the solid fact, built upon the rock of experience, that when I first made up my mind, after considerable de- liberation, systematically to meet my readers in large numbers, face to face, and to try to express myself to thom through the breath of life, Liverpool stood foremost among the great places out of London to which I looked with eager confidence and pleasure. (Cheers.) And why was this? Not merely because of the reputation of its citizens for generous estimation of the arts, not merely becauso I had unworthily filled the chair of its great self-educational institution long ago ; not merely becauso tho place had been a home to me since the woll remembered day when its blessed roofs and steeples dipped into tho Mersey behind mo on the occasion of my first sailing away to seo my generous friends across the Atlantic, twenty seven years ago. (Cheers.) Not for one of those considerations, but because it had boon my happiness to have a public opportunity of testing the spirit of its people I had asked Liverpool for help towards tho worthy pre- servation of Shakspcuro's house. On another occasion I had ventured to address Liverpool in the names of Leigh Hunt and Sheri- dan Knowles. On still another occasion I had addressed it in the causo of tho brother- hood and sisterhood of letters and the kin- dred arts, and on each and all the response had been unsurpassably spontaneous, open handed, and munificent. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Mayor, and ladies and gentlemen, if I may venture to take a small illustration of my present position from my own peculiar craft, I would say that tbcreisthis objection in writing fiction to giving a story an autobiographical form, tbatthrough whatever dangcrstho narra- tor may pass, it is clear unfortunately to the reader beforehand that he must havo como through them somehow, else ho conklnot havo lived to tell the talc. (A laugh, and cheers.) Now, in speaking fact, when tho fact is associ- ated with such honours as thoso with which you havo enriched me, thero is this sin- gular difficulty in the way of returning thanks, that tho speaker must in- fallibly come back to himsolf through whatever oratorical disasters he may languish on the road. (Laughter.) Lot me, then, take tho plainer and simple middle courso of dividing my subject equally between myself and you. Let mo assure you that whatever you have accepted with pleasure, either hy word of pen or by word of mouth, from mo, you havo greatly improved in the acceptance. (Cheers.) As the gold is said to bo doubly and trebly refined which has seven times passed the furnace, so a fancy may be said to becomo more and more refined each time it passes through the human heart. ("Hear," and cheers.) You have, and you know you havo, brought to tho conside- ration of me that quality in yourselves with- out which I should but have beaten the air. Your earnestness has stimulated mine, your laughter has mado mo laugh, and your tears have overilowed my eyes. (Applause.) All that lean claim for mysolf in establishing the rela- tions which exist hetweon us is constant fide- lity to hard work. My literary fellows about me, of whom I am so proud to see so many-(ap- plause)-know very well how tmo it ÍB in all art that what seems tho cosiest done is often- times the most difficult to do, and that tho smallest truth may come of tho greatest pains -much, as it occurred to mo at Manchester the other day, the sensitive touch of Mr. Whitworth's measuring- machine, comes at last, of heaven, and Manchester and its mnyor only know howmucb. hammering, my companionsin arms know thoroughly well, and I think it only right tho public should know, too, that in our carcfnl toil and trouble, and in our steady striving for excellence-not in any little gifts, misused by fits and starts lies our highest duty, at once to our calling, to ono another, to ourselves, and to you. (Cheers.) Ladies and gentlemon, before sitting down I find that I havo to clear my- self- of two very unexpected accusations. (Laughter.) The first is a most singular charge preferred against me by my old friend Lord Houghton, that I havo been somewhat unconscious of the merits of tho House of Lords. (Laughter.) Now, ladies and gen- tlemen, seeing that I have had some few not altogether obscuro or unknown personal friends in that assembly, seeing that I had some little association with and knovvledgo of a certain obscure peer lately known m England by the name of Lord Brougham (laughter); seeing thatl regard with some ad- miration and aflection another obscure peer whollyunknown in literary circles, called Lord Lytton (laughter) ; seeing also that I have had for somo years some slight admiration of the extraordinary judicial properties and amaz- ingly acute mind of a certain Lord Chiof Justice, popularly known by tho name of Cockburn (laughter) ; and also seoing that there is no man in England whom I respect more in his public capacity, whom I love more in his private capacity, or from whom I have received more remarkable proofs of his honour and lovo of literature than another obscure nobleman named Lord RueseU- (laughter and applause)-taking these circumstances into consideration, I was rather amazed by my noble friend's accusation. When I asked him, on his sitting down, what amazing devil possessed him to make this charge, ho replied that he had never forgotten tho days of Lord Verisopht. (Laughtor.) . Then, ladies and gentlemen, I understood it all ; becauso it is a remarkable fact that in the days when that depreciative and profoundly unna- tural ; character was invented, thero was no Lord Houghton in the House of Lords. (Great Jaughter.) And thero was in the House of Commons a rather indifferent member called Richard Monckton Milnes. (Laughter.) Ladies and gentlemen, to con- clude (loud cries of " No, no") for tho present (laughter)-to conclude, I close with tho other charge of my noblo friond, and hero I am moro serious, and I may bo allowed per- haps to express |my seriousness in half a-dozen plain words. When I first took literature as my profession in England, I ' cnlmly resolved within mysolf ¿bat whether I succeeded or whether I failed, literature should bo my solo profession. (" Heor, hear," and chocrs.) It oppeared to me at that time thatit was not so wtjjl under- stood in England as it was in otbor countries, that literaturo was a dignified profession, by which any man might stand or fall. (Cheers.) I mado a compact with myself that in my person literature should «tand, and by itself, of itself, and for iuielf; and there is no consideration on earth which would induce mo to break that bargain. (Cheers.) Ladies and gentle- men, finally allow mo to thank you for your great kindness, and for the touching earnest- ness with which you havo drunk my health. I should havo thanked you with all my heart if it had not so unfortunately happened that, for many sufficient reasons, I lost my heart ¡it between half-past six and half-past seven to-night. (Mr. Dickens resumed his seat amidst great cheering.) i FOR THE REMAINDER OF TJJE : NEWS SEE THE SUPPLEMENT TO THE ARGUS OF THIS DAY, 