CLUBS. There is a tendency in the Briton, whenever his lot may be cast.' to produce a likeness' of'what he left at'home ~ There is a clinging in liia mind to old traditions, a genuine fondness, for the past, a sincere reverence for precedent, which are found no . where .. . else. In England alone of all the — f ountnes of ^uro P c there has been no revolution InfiAii in modem mnHautt tmiAa times. At A 4- least liojne in ".. t'". sense in which that word has now gro^n familiar to our. ears. The revolution which <*tablished our present Constitution, with its wise checks on absolute power, was a purely political.cbange; no social change, 3r almost none, was effected by it. It is this which has leit the mind of the true Briton untouched by the feverish desire for change which is so common in those of other nations, which leaves him with his simple reverence for the past, and an untiring love for the ways and usages of home. Filled as most are with the wish for change, and discontent with the present, which this panting nineteenth century seems to beget in most of its children, it is well there should be some disposed " to learn nothing and to forget nothing." In correcting evils we often destroy much good, and were we to leave behind us all the institutions in which we discovered defects at home, we should leave with them many germs of good needing perhaps but little culture to produce abundant and valuable fruit. Clubs may be said to be a British institution ; like cricket they have been transplanted, but almost always wither on a foreign soil. This is in some sense British land; still clubs do not seem to have taken kindly to the soil; they have not grown and flourished as might have been expected, nor as we think should have been desired. The winding-up of the affairs of one of the only two great clubs Melbourne has produced was recently announced. This we think is sad intelligence; elsewhere clubs may be a luxury; here they are to some extent a social necessity. The vast, bulk of that class by which clubs of a respectable character are supported are in Melbourne unmarried, and without homes, proper)y socalled. . The isolation of leisure-hours which this condition o£, things /.involves is most happily got rid of where club-life is at command. Where it is not, social intercourse will still be sought and found, but without the agrements and security a club affords. There is, indeed, one great difficulty in obtaining support for a club in Melbourne which exists nowhere else to the same extent. Few, excepting the very limited number who have been able to build good houses for themselves, and whose professional duties confine them to the city, are to be found in Melbourne in the evening. This is at once a cause and a consequence of the absence of good clubs. Two new clubshave recently been established and they have found cordial support from the literary part of the community. But they deserve, and we trust mil ere long receive, more universal countenance than has yet been afforded them by the professional men and merchants of the city. Those who, from the fact that they themselves have homes and families, are comparatively inde-, pendent of club life, should rememberj the great number of helpless bachelors wlioj are to find in the pleasant intercourse of a; club some substitute for the family circle. ( In this, as in other things, a certain amount of unselfishness i3 wise as well as admirable. We are surprised to find so few of the clerical profession in connection with the clubs which exist. We cannot but think we should hear a great deal less of science and sermons as members of antithesis were the intercourse of the preachers and audience more frequent and unrestrained. The pressmen of Melbourne have given in this a good example to the other professions, and there are few not already enrolled in the Melbourne or Union Clubs, wliqse names may not be found in the books of the Yorick or Athenaeum. THB RITUALISTS.—The Church Newr, the organ of the Ritualists, makes an extraordinary statement. "On Tuesday a requiem mass was sung at St. Clemeni's Church, Cambridge, for 4he repose of the soul of the late Archbishop of Canterbury. Both then and at the ordinary daily mass a large number of the faithful were present to pray for the deceased prelate!" The Queen has, on the recommendation of the Premier, granted a pension of KM per annum to the well-known authoress, Mrs. S, C. Hall, in consideration of her 4ong and useful literary service A NUMBER of unclaimed letters addressed to the carc of the Bishop and Father Barry are lying at-St. Francis. They can be had by applying to the lodge- keeper. THE Government have received from the Agent-General by the last mail a report on the precicas stones found in Victoria by Mr. Emanuel, the well-known lapidary ; papers containing the information asked for by the payment of members committee, regarding the practice in other countries in Europe and America of remunerating members for their services; a proposal for a monthly line of Bteamers via the Cape, from Messrs. Harrington and Co., offering to build vessels of from 2500 to 3000 tons burden, to make the voyage from England to Meibournu within the present contract time, via Suez, for a subsidy of 60,'000/. per annum. MB. C. E. JONES has resigned his office in the Ministry as Commissioner of Public Works, and the Hon. John M'Crae, M.L.C., has accepted it without salary. He will represent the Ministry in the Upper House. Mr. M'Crae's office being one of profit, his seat will be declared vacant, 4nd be will offsr himself for re-election prior to the meeting of Parliament. ; THE mail for Europe will close at sis p.m. on Monday next for roistered letters and for newspapers, and for all ordinary letters including (hose via Marseilles: und for newspapers via Mallei lies, at ten a.m. on Tuesday. MR. PETER. C. ALCOCK, of 50 Temple-court, with a taste for literary curiosities, has republished the second number of the "Melbourne Advertiser," of " Port Philip, Australia," which was "Written for and Published by Jno. P. Fawkner. Monday, January the 8th, 1838, Melbourne. Price Sixpence." It was produced on foolscap, and its contents were in manuscript; but as more than three pages are taken up with advertisements and less than one was reserved for news, it must have "paid," notwithstanding the great labour of multiplying the copies. Those who have not seen the original should purchase a copy of it even if it were only to judge for themselves what "Melbourne" must have been in 1837, when such a newspaper satisfied the requirements of the settlement. The litle curiosity may be had from Mr. George Robertson's establishment, in Elizabeth-street, We have received from the publishers, Messrs. Stillwell and Knight, the Australian Medical journal for the present month. The chief paper is on the "Development of Echinococci," a translation from the Danish by Dr. Von Mueller. There js also a contribution from Dr. Morgan, of Bathurst, N.S.W., on a case of opium poisoning treated by belladonna; and Dr. Alfred Shaw suggests arsenic as a prophylactic. He seems imself to have little doubt but that in one case u which he administered mild doses of Fowler's Solution it had a preventive effect of suoh a aracter. In the leading article it is rnainined that the disease at the Immigration Hoslital is veritable smallpox, and some surprise is xpresscd that it should have been mistaken tor nything else. With the paper on " Echinocbcci there are some illustrative plates, I THE MONTHLY MEETING of the St. Patrick's jSociety will, we observe, be held on Tuesday Evening next. i WE perceive that the Monthly Meeting of the St. Francis' Benefit Society will be held on [Thursday evening next. ' TUE USUAL FORTNIOIITLY MEETING of the Ballarat Hibernian Society will be held on Thursday next, February 4, 1869. A KUMBEE of gentlemen met on Thursday evening, the 21st inst., at St. Mary's schoolroom, Geelong, for the purpose of presenting a testimonial and address to the llev. J. Hoyne, •whose sudden removal to another part of the diocese prevented his friends from giving expression to their feelings at an earlier period. The Geelony Advertiser thus describes the proceedings at the meeting:—"On the chair being taken by P. McDonald, Esq., J.P., the matter was very warmly taken up, until a gentleman present explained to the meeting that it was Father Hoyne's particular wish that the matter should not be proceeded with. This announcement was received with the greatest regret by those present who longed for an opportunity of expressing their admiration of the zeal with which the rev. gentleman laboured duriDg the many years of his connection with the mission, and of whose untiring exertions the splendid little church in Mercer street stands as a memorial, but as they could not proceed in the business of the evening without acting in opposition to Father Hoyne's expressed wishes, the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman." THE ANNUAL MEETING of the Geelong Christian Doctrine Society was held in St. Mary's schoolroom, on Wednesday evening, the 20th inst., the president, the Rev. B. H. Power in the chair. There was a full attendance of members. The secretary, Mr. Tuite, read the annual report, which showed that the number of members on the books of the society was eighty, with an averiige attendance of 700 children. It also stated that during the year JE120 was spent in the amusement of the children in picnics, &c.; The treasurer, Mr. Brown, read the balance-sheet, which showed a respectable sum on the right side of the ledger to commence the new year with. The election of officers then took place. The Rev. B. H. Power was unanimously re-elected the president of the society. Messrs. M'Keever, Tuite, and Browne, were respectively re-elected vice-president, secretary, and treasurer. The rev. president informed the members that he had been in communication with the Rev. W. Kelly, S.J., in reference to a proposed lecture in aid of the funds of the society. A sub-committee was formed to make arrangements for the currying out of the same. A vote of thanks was proposed to the president, after which the meeting adjourned until the 3rd prox. THE FOURTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of St. Francis' Benefit Society was held on the 21st inst., in St. Francis hall, Mr. Edward Nolan presided, aud there were 140 members present. Eight new members were enrolled aud twenty proposed as full benefit members. The annual report and balance sheet were read by the secretary. The report briefly reviewed the great success which had attended the efforts of the society. 110 new members were enrolled during the year, making a total of 188 bona fide members, or, including the branch at Sandhurst, 210\. The balance sheet which was printed and circulated amongst the members showed that the balance in hand was double that of last year, there being for Lodge No. I, 877l 14s; 10½d and for Lodge No. 2 (St. Kilian's, Sandhurst,) 28l. 12s., making a total of 406l. 6s. 10½d. On the motion of Mr. Howard, seconded by Mr. O'Neill, the report was unanimously adopted. The election then took place with the following results—Mr. Edward Nolan, president; Mr. James Dillon, vice-president; Mr. Austin John Templeton, secretary and treasurer; and Messrs. Alexander Bailie, Francis De Lacy, Daniel Beddan, James Davis, John W. Howard, John O'Donnell, John Frost, John Reardon, and Jas. O'Brien were elected as members of the committee of management. Father Barry attended the meeting and heartily congratulated the members of the society upon the great success of the past year, and for the brotherly love which existed among the members, one towards another ; and he felt proud of the society for the concord which prevailed at this meeting, as from the nature of the business to be transacted it would not have been surprising if some ascertity of feeling had been exhibited by some one or other of the members. THE tenders for constructing a jetty at Portland were opened on Wednesday last, and the lowest—viz., £429—conditionally accepted, as the vote for 1868 has lapsed. No doubt the Legislative Assembly will re-vote the amount this year. WE learn that it is highly probable that a cheese factory will be established in the neighbourhood of Allansford ; and that jam factories will be started at Geelong. It appears that about 800 tons of jam, valued at £47,000 here, were made in Tasmania last year. A PARAGRAPH, which appeared in the Ballarat Star, a few days ago, to the effect that Mr. Daniels, an important witness in the case pending against Mr. King, had left the colony is, we are informed, wholly without foundation, and that that gentleman is in Melbourne and in communication with the post-office authorities. WE regret to learn by telegram that the Rev. Father Quinlan, a Catholic clergyman, was drowned on Wednesday last, while bathing at Rockhampton. FROM our telegraphic intelligence it will be seen that, an extensive fire has occurred at Talbot. We are informed that the Bank of Australasia has been consumed ; the books and safes were, however, saved. Goodman's Hotel has also been destroyed. THE Engineer-iu-Chief (Mr. Higinbotham) has, in a report to the Commissioner of Railways, strongly recommended that the Yan Yean tramway be not used in the formation of the proposed Murray River line of railway. A COPY of the West Bourke Guardian containing an article defending Mr. Jeremiah Ryan from the strictures of the other local paper, the Express, has been forwarded to us, with a request that we would reprint it. This we are unable to do, in consequence of the crowded state of our columns; but the course we take in thus noticing this article should satisfy Mr. Ryan that we desire that he should have the benefit of all that has been said in his favour. This subject is also referred to in an answer to a correspondent, which appears in its proper place. A FASHIONABLE marriage, of which many of our readers will be pleased to receive early intelligence, took place on Wednesday. On that day Mr. Anthony Rigg (of Messrs. M'Kersie and Rigg) of the Horse Bazaar, Bourke-street west, had the happiness of leading Miss Flanigan to the hymeneal altar. The ceremony was performed at the Cathedral by the Rev. G. V. Barry and an assistant clergyman ; and attending on the bride were several bridesmaids. The bride was given away by the Hon. John O'Shanassy, M.L.C. After the ceremony the party adjourned to Hockin's Hotel, where an elegant breakfast was provided. The Hon. John O'Shanassy presided as chairman, and the Hon. M. O'Grady vice chairman; and assembled as guests were the numerous friends of the happy pair. Mr. O'Shanassy proposed the health of Mr. and Mrs, Rigg, and other toasts, such as are usually given on happy occasions of this kind, were proposed by the Hon. M. O'Grady, by the Hon. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.C., by the Rev. G. V. Barry, and by P. J. Martin, Esq., J.P. The bells of the Cathedral rang out merrily during the morning in honour of the auspicious event. FOR SEVERAL days past the announcement of a new daily journal has been before the public. It is to be called the Daily Telegraph, and it is to be in politics a "liberal independent" organ. We believe that several of the gentlemen who were connected with a daily paper which a short time since was discontinued, will, with others who are not unknown in literary circles, have the management of the new journal. Our readers will perhaps consider that it is no harm that neutrals who are not represented by either of the daily journals now published, should have an organ in which their particular views will be expounded. The price of the new paper will be one penny. AT Geelong, on Saturday last, Mr: D. F; O'Connor, lately an estate and land, agent in Bourke- street west, was presented by a number of gentlemen with a silver salver and goblet worth £100. Mr. O'Connor has finally relinquished business, and this presentation was made to him as a mark of the high appreciation in which his character is held by those who have had intimate intercourse with him as friends or in business. THE letter of Mr. J. J. Casey is in type, but has been crowded out. ' 