THE I OCTOBER MAILS ' i ¡ ., EN-GLAND. .X '-* By the arrival of the Malta, wo are ' put in possession of our files and cor- respondence to the 9th of October. The ; following are the letters of our London correspondent : (FBOM OUR OWN COIIRESPONDENT.) LONDON, OOT. 9. The dull season, is coming slowly to an end. Tho body politic still slumbers, but shows signs of waking energy. Cabinet Ministors are reappearing, though as yet they givo but an "uncertain sound." Country members aro exercising at agricultural meetings, Social scienco has been entertaining ita friends with livoly discussions. The clergy aro assembling in congress. But tho chief interest of tho month lies on tho Continent. There great movements are impending, such as shape the history of nations ; and we are happily able to watch them undisturbed from the vantage ground of our own Constitution. THE CRISIS IN FRANCE. Tho Emperor of the French is again assort- ing himself. With recovered health, the old spirit of imperialism begins to show. He has confirmed the provisional appointment of M. Forcade do la Rorjuetto as Minister of tho Interior, although a vehement anti-Liberal ; and ho has postponed the meeting of the Legislative Body till the end of November. It may bo that he is maturing his policy ; hut the public accuse him of vacillation-a weak- ness which has developed with later years-or suspect him of designs which would destroy tho liberties he has already granted. Thero is much speculation as to tho issue of the present movement. Some shrewd observers are bold enough to say that the ompiro is doomed. It is certain that the failure of the Imperial health will have affected European policy not only France, but the neighbouring states. So great was the panic on the Bourse, so un- easy tho general feeling, that the Emperor was obliged to show himself to his subjects, and as soon as he was capable of exertion, to appear in Paris. Thero was something hu- miliating in the spectaclo, as he drove, with wife and son, in a close carriage round tho Boulevards. But from that day his amend- ment has been moro rapid, and dis- quieting rumours have had less influence. It is scaicely probable, however, that ho will again recover his old energy of body, and consequently there has been much talk of abdication. It was said that the young Prince would shortly be proclaimed to come of age at 14; that his father would abdicate in his favour, and meanwhile hold tho reins in the novel position of President of tho Council. The permanency of the ompiro would thus be provided for, and the transition easier-the people being gradually accus- tomed to the idea of the boy Emperor, under whom a constitutional government might take root and expand. This scheme involves such a confession of weakness, and is so fer- tile in dangers, that the crisis must have boen very serious for it to have obtained oven a moment's consideration. Meanwhile, the Empress has actually started on her journey to tho East, has met Victor Emmanuel at Venice, and every day that carries her on- ward strengthens the impression that immé- diat« danger is past, Tho most urgent question now relates to the Chamber of flDeputies. Ita members aro waiting impatiently in the cold-many of them not having yet verified their election and are naturally indignant at the long pro- rogation, One of their number-M. de Ké ratry, a Breton deputy-had plaimcd for tho Assembly the right of constituting itself unconvoked, and appealed to ' the morn hers to meet on a fixed day- (October 20), and assert their privilege. ; It j shows the strength of the current that the man who gavo this bold challenge had-apt- hitherto teen counted an "Irreconcilable." ile was joined by M. Raspail and other extreme mon; and we await with some curiosity the result of this appeal. The situation becomes, indeed, moro disquieting every day. It is now said, that "at a council held at the hotel of tho Minister of the Interior previous to that held at St. Cloud, it was decided to summon the Chambers on the 8th, or at tho latest the 16tb, of November ; but on arriving at the palaco Ministers found the Emperor very excited, and in a short and imperativo speech he declared that the protensions of tho Loft wero excessive, and that ho was not going to allow himself to be troubled by M. Raspail any longer, The Emperor wished to fix the opon inl^fjihe, session for the Oth of December, but yielded so far to the remonstrances of his advisers as to agree to the 29th of November." Ono reason alleged for this delay is the ah sonco of the Empress, and hei wish is re- ported to have influenced the decision-an explanation which has irritated rather than appeased. The deputies of the Left have been summoned to decide on the course they shall take. M. Raspail reiterates " the promise to be athis post at one and a half by the dial on the 2Cth October, but counsels the people to rest quietly by their firesides, and not to give the Government the chance of turning a pacific demonstration into something which would not be pacific. Let those who pass by the scene preserve silence, he continues, for silence is the lesson of power. Let them make way for the law officers of the people without the slightest acclamation-a day calm like this wiU be the grandest triumph of right." But by the last account M. Kératry hesitates, and has withdrawn. Can he stop tho ball ho has set in motion ? It is singular that at this juncture press prosecutions are entirely suspended, and that even scurrilous articles have been allowed to appear without rebuke. The Rappel von turos to draw up a programme of what is now totakoplace. "LettheLeft," it counsels, "act «s the tiers-état did at Versailles in 1789. Lot tho 40 who compose it meet on the Plaço de la Bastilo, and by the time they get to tho Place de la Concorde they will be 100,000. Lot them march 'in silence, and thoy will give to the law a proof of Mehty, and to the people a proof of obedionco. Let them carry no arms pot even the rebel pistol which the insurgent Louis Bonaparte used at Bou- logne, nor the legal one which Charras and Uiangarnier had in thoir hands on the night of the 2nd December. Let them not show the scarf of representative on- their breasts, tor it rested on the corpse of Baudin, bu rather the tri-coloured ribbon." This, al- together, is a piece of advice easier to com- mend to the public than to get the public to loiiow. Whatever may come of this agita- tion, it is certain that the Emperor has dis aPP°lnted the just expectations of his people; jnat the good effect of his concessions is on «¡angered ; and that his procedure in this in- stance has_ caused wide-spread irritation, M. Louis Blanc has been asked if he is prepared to take the oath of fidelity to the JMnperor Napoleon, in case of being elected » mi one of the seats now vacant ; and he hasrephed that the best way to obtain the aoohtion çf an oath is to refuse to take it ; ana that Frenchmen should elect those who Kfuso to take the oath, not inerely although, out because, they refuse. CONGRESS AT LAUSANNE. Tho Socialist doctrines have been elo quently expounded in an international con gress of working-men at Basle. But more notice has been attracted by the Peace Con gress at Lausanne, where resolutions were passed in favour of a republican and federa- tive Europe. M. Victor Hugo, whose dream- ing powers are as great as his genius, de clares that one more great war would be ne cessary before there could be permanent peace. Tho first condition of peace was deli- verance, and to obtain that there must be a supreme revolution. "Peace being inevi- table, will be eternal. There will be no more armies, and no more kings." PROSPECTS OP PEACE. '" ' , The consequence of chief importance to Europe which has followed from Napoleon's illness, is the cessation ,of warlike alarms. The prospects of peace ore brighter'than for years past. The ' Emperor scorns cut off by physical infirmity from war, to which he once looked as an alternative means of. establish- ing his dynasty. Kot only does the issue yearly become more uncertain, as Germany pprows stronger, but a succession of splendid 'victories would now but make a dangerous rival of tho conquering general. Lord Ciaron don has mado a tour of some of the courts of Europe ; L and although wo are not yet fully acquainted with the object of his mission, and some improbable rumours are abroad, yet, in a speech at Watford, he has gone so far as to state that he had seen ' ' some persons who exercise no little influence over thtf destinies of Europe"-amongst them the Emperor Napoleon-and could say with confidence that since the conclusion of tho Prussian and Austrian war in 1866, Europe had " never had a fairor prospect of main- taining the inestimable blessings of peace." Report goes tho length of adding that Napo- leon is husbanding, as tho great feature of his speech at the opening of the Corps Lcgis tif, a_ declaration that the powers have de- termined on a simultaneous disarmament; but thero is no reason why he, of all rulers, should be privileged first to announce tho fact. There is some evidence of a rapprochement between Berlin and Vienna. The Crown Prince of Prussia has gone on a visit to the latter city. At the opening of the Prussian Chambers this week tho King expressed his confidence that his foreign pokey will lead to the advancement of peaceful relations with other countries, the development of commer- cial intercourse, and the maintenance of the authority and independence of Germany. At the same time he was obligod to make the unwelcome announcement that the efforts of the Government to improve the financial position of the country had failed, and that additional taxation must be resorted to for covering the expenses. It is understood that there have been some difficulties in the Cabinet; but that Count Bismarck's strong will maintains the leadership, SPANISH DIFFICULTIES. The Spanish Ministry were announced to have agreed upon a candidate to the throne in the person of the Duko of Genoa, the second son of Victor EmmanucLGeneral Prim, on his return from "Vichy, had an interview with Napoleon, and is understood to havo secured his sanction ; and, furthor, the King of Italy had given his consent, provided the election were carried by a majority of two thirds of tho Cortes. But tho Prince is only a lad of 15, a pupil at our own Harrow, study- ing " sweetness and light" in the house of Mr. Matthew Arnold-popular among his school- fellows and really able, though as yet, of course, unequal to any responsibilities. This decision was hastened by republican movements, and would have involved the continuance of the regency, establishing the name of monarchy without tho power, or any compensating prestige. Now, at the last hour, the Govern- ment havo receded, and abandoned the can. didature of the young Duke, convinced that the Cortes would not support it. The knot may yet be cut by the sword. Scarcely has the Carlist insurrection been suppressed, when a republican conspiracy is discovered. I mentioned lost month that tho volunteers of Madrid had, with difficulty, been persuaded to surrender the Government offices to the National Guards. The incident was ominous. Within a few days we heard of the murder.at Tarragona, in the open street, of the secre- tary of the governor, who had opposed some unconstitutional manifestation. Then came intelligence of a republican demonstration at Barcelona, where there was a desperate fight over barricades, and many were killed and wounded. Now, we have intelligence of a still more serious movement, The republic has been proclaimed at several points ; and in Catalonia and Andalusia the insurgents are in considerable force. Almost the first act of tho Cortes on re-assembling has been to authorise the proclamation of martial law. But there was a fierce debate, and all the re' publican deputies withdrew before the final., vote. In fact, the leaders of the insurrection are mostly republican deputies, 15 of whom are already known to be involved. Their plan is to avoid a collision with the troops, to raise all the provinces, and then attempt a coup de main upon Madrid from various points at once. The railways are broken in many places, and the telegraph wires cut, so that accounts are contradictory; but it is evident that the movement extends, that tho crisis is serious, and that much now depends on whether the regular army remains faithful. CUBA AND THE UNITED STATES. The gravity of these later events has thrown the Cuban question again into the shade ; but thero has been great excitement in Spain in consequence of a note presented by General Sickles, the American ambassador, in which it was intimatod that "the United States Government might find itself in, the necessity of recognising tho Cuban insurgents as belligerents." The American authorities have apparently hitherto boen withheld by the dilemma they have creatod for themselves in disputing our right to acknowledge the South, and they have honourably suppressed any overt movement for the capture of the island. Yet it is known that the rebels, in spite of all vigilance, have drawn their supplies from the States, and we hear this week that a formidable expedition of fili- busters lias at 'length got afloat. General Sickles now argues that his Government would have been justified, if they had acted upon recent precedents, in recognising tho in- surgents long ago, seeing that they have been , able to resist for nearly a year all the forces Spain could bring into the field, and havo now two-thirds of the island in their power. He insists that it ia an honourable struggle for independence, and makes a strong point of the inhumanities which havo been practised during the war. His conclusion, from a re- view of the whole case, is that the Govern- ment of the United States will not bo able much longer to resist the force of public opinion in favour of recognition. The mere rumour that such a note had been presented was sufficient to stir a tempest of excitement such as the ambassador had not foreseen. The funds foil loaver than at any time for the past 16 years. As he stumped through the streets on his wooden leg, fol- lowed by his one-armed aido-de-camp, the gene- ral soon found himself the object of unpopular remark. The recommendation of the Per- manent Committee of tho Cortes, that "the Government should take the most immediate and most energetic measures to put an ond to the Cuban insurrection," was vehemently approved by the whole population. Bat- talions of volunteers were mustered, and a tender of pardon made < to tho Carlist prisoners on condition of their cross- ing the sea and joining tho ranks of the loyal combatants. Two ironclads were i at once despatched to Cuba and 3,000 regular troops, as the answor of the Spanish Ministry to the American demand. It was said that 7,000 moro would immediately follow, but it is doubtful now whether they can bo spared from home. ' General Sickles, who is thought by some to have exceeded his instructions, has been com- pelled to pause, and is now reported to have telegraphed for further directions. It is not true that he has made any overtures for the purchase of the island. We cannot but watch these proceedings with some interest, and a little amusement, which occasionally inclines to chanco into indignation. Mr. Sumnor, meanwhile, has been making another speech on the Alábanla claims, but this time in a very much lower key. He is kind enough to say that he "wiL'not attempt to set any price on the debt England owed to the United States, and he would not make any formal demand for a dollar of money, or a word of apology, but would leave it to England to offer what reparation sho deemed to bo proper, it remaining to America to decide what reparation she required." THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. As too month approaches' which has been fixed for the assembling of tho groat council at Rome, the difficulties that it will have to encounter hecomo more apparent. It is not impossible that instead of confirming the unity of the Catholic Church, it may lead to another schism. ; JM. Montalembert, who is supposed to> be near his end, has written a letter expressing the warmest sympathy with, tho memorial of tho Troves Catholics against the supposed objecte of the council. Speaking, as he says, from the very border of tho gravo,' ho is overcome with humiliation thajti. it should have been left to German Catholics of the Rhine " to take the initiative in a demon- stration which would have so well become the antecedents of Catholic France," Nine- teen German bishops, assembled at Fulda, have since issued a letter which is remark- ably independent in tone, and must be re- garded as a sort of admonition to the Pope. They refuse to believe all the evil things re- ported of the council-that it will proclaim new dogmas, and principles opposed to the rights of the state and to civilisation and liberty ; and they express their conviction that no ¡ new principle can bo declared, but such as is already craven on the heart and conscience, and held sacred for ages. Their words sufficiently indicate the tone amongst non-liberal catholics. " People," they say, " accuse the Holy Father of wishing,under party influence, to make use of the Council exclusively in order to augment more than is proper the power of tho Apostolic See, to chango the old and true constitution of the Church, and to erect, in fact, a spiritual sovereignty incom- patible with Christian liberty. Mon do not fear to apply the name of partisan to the head of the Church and the episcopacy, an outrage hitherto confined to the declared enemies of the Church ; they go so far as to express the suspicion that tho bishops will not enjoy full liberty of discussion at the Council, that, they will not be furnished with the documents and freedom of speech necessary for the accom- plishment of their duty, and consequently the validity of tho Council and its decisions are called m question." But while répudiât- . ing all these suggestions, they have no r authority for their better'hopo but the belief that the Holy Spirit will not cease " to buido and govern tho Church." \ ,-' | ' Dr. Cumming, who has 'contrived'- tp get himself once moro well before the .nubile, has for some time been endeavouring to bersuade His Holiness to admit him to thó Council, as a Protestant xepresontative ; and has atf last drawn a reply from the Pope, who doejs-not write to him directly, or even acknowledge the receipt of his letter, but rotors to his application in an epistle to Archbishop Manning, in which it is intimated, that Protestants will be welcome -to- como and recant their errors, but can be received on no other terms. So that Dr. Cumming is cpit off from his magnificent project of appearing as another Luther at another Diet of Worms. The Emperor of the Prenchfhas'deter- mined that France shall not Bo1' represented at the Council. ' '?., .,< FATHER HYACINTH^ A great sensation has been- created by the publication of a letter by the famous Father Hyacinthe, the bare-footed Carmelite, tho most powerful preacher in Paris, whose Lenten sermons have Ulled Notre Dame with the most intellectual audiences/ and by_ their eloquence and boldness produced moroj than a passing effect. In this letter, addressed to tho general of his order, Father Hyacinthe says that he has received constant proofs of the General's esteem, notwithstanding < the intrigues of a powerful party in Rome, but that a sudden change has taken place ;' ho is now blamed where previously ho was com- mended ; and he is told to speak a language or maintain a silence which will no longer be the "full and faithful expression of his con- science." This order he unhesitatingly refuses to obey, and he quits his monastery, which would, he says, become to him, wero he, to re- main in it under these new conditions, a prison of the sonl(jJ?ather Hyacinthe then refers to the meeting of the (Ecumenical Council, and protests against "those doc- trines and those practices which are 'called Roman, but which are'not Christian, and which in their encroachments, more and more audacious and baneful, tend.to change tho constitution of the Church, the basis and the form of its teaching, and evon the very spirit of its piety." He protests, too, against the divorce sought to be carried out between the Church and the society of the 19th cen- tury, and declares it to be his profound con- viction that if France and the Latin races aTo in a state of social, moral, aud political anarchy, the principal cause is not Catholicism itself, but the manner in which it has for a long time been understood and practised. This language has faUen like a thunderbolt on Catholic Franco. The Bishop of Orleans remonstrates, but in vain. The general of the order intimates that the Father meurs the penalties of the "greater excommunication ;" but he is not alarmed. Franco intellectual, both Protestant and infidel, loudly applauds ; and theie aro not wanting those who say that "nothing so important has occurred since the days of the Reformation." This is too large a statement, but a few moro such blows and the Ultramontanes would bo driven to their home over the Alps. THE PANTIN MURDERS. ' All Paris has boen thrown into a state of intense excitement by a series of murders, almost without parallel in tho annals of crime. A roughly-made grave was discovered on Monday in a field in the suburban ' village of Pantin. A labourer caught sight of a blood-stained handkerchief protruding from the ground at a spot where the earth had evidently been0 disturbed, and was' mysteri- ously reddened. The loose soil being thrown back there appeared the bodies of si: persons, all of whom had apparently been murdered huta few hours before. They consisted of a J woman of about forty-five, respectably dressed, and wearing gold earrings and watch and chain, besides having a sum of about lOf. in her pocket ; a young woman of eighteen, a youth of sixteen, and three children aged about 12, 10, and five respectively. The wounds which had occasioned the death of the elder woman had been inflicted with a hatchet, or some similar heavy cutting instrument, while the rest had been stabbed repeatedly with a knife. The younger children Still con- vulsively clasped in their hands rolls and sausages which they had been eating when attacked. Tho young man was literally pierced all over with wounds, and had ap- parently struggled hard to defend the family. For two days no light was thrown upon'this horrible mystery. At length tho police dis- covered that the bodies were those of a woman named Kinck and her children-the second wife and family of a respectable tradesman who had just como to Paris from Roubaix, in response, it was believed, to a summons from her husband. Suspicion first fell upon an eldest son, Gustave Kinck, who was said to have engaged a room at the hotel of the Nor- thern Railway somo.days boforei the,murder. saying ho was an engineer, that ho should have night-work to do, and should ¡want to sleep in the day. The lady inquired for-this man, and did not find him at his hotel on the Sunday evening, went out withjher chil- dren, and never returned. It was Also ascer- tained that a man of the same external ap- pearance bought a shovel and ¡a jiiakaxo on Sunday evening- with which it ia supposed ho dug the grave. Then it was allégedithat Jean Kinck, the husband, was concerned 4in the murder ; that ho was on ill terjms with his wife, and desired to possess himself' of her little proporty ; and for some days, while tons of thousands of people of 'all ranks wero thronging to the scene of the butchery, this statement was accepted as fact. Presently it was announced 'that the younger Kinck had been arrested, and then the truth soon appeared. The tuan who had engaged the room and bought ti e shovel, and who had > decoyed Madamo iCinck to Paris, was not the son at all but had /per- sonated the son : and the prisoner was-not the son, but this very man, a workman, of Roubaix, named Traupmann. Where, then, was the younger Kinok ? It was soon disco- vered that he also had been murdered ; for his body was found buried in the same field at Pantin, though it is supposed that he was murdered three or four days before the rest of the family. The whereabouts of tho father, Jean Kinck, cannot be traced ; but it is not doubted that he also has fallen a victim. The arrest of Traupmann, who'had made his way to Havre, the great northern port, was almost accidental. He had been inquir- ing about tho cheapest way of getting oat to America, and was taking a glass of boor at a sailor's drinking shop, when Ferrand, a manne gendarme, frho was going his rounds in tho evening, to dpvo tardy-sailors on board their ships, saw him, and did not'Uko the look of him. The gendarme questioned him, 'elicited dubious onswors, and at longth " Ferrand said-You say you come for wprk ; what is 'your trade ?i-A mechanic. Whero do you live?-At Roubaix. And where aro you last from?-Paris 'The three words, 'me- chanic, Roubaix, Paris, were a rovolation to Ferrand. Instead of keeping his own coun- sel till he had 4 his man in safe 'custody, he could n,ot resist the temptation of giving 'utterance-of his belief in his own penetration, and he said^-Yes, dnd it's my belief that you' left'Paris by way of Pantin.' Thereupon Traupmann, in despair-they wefo on the Pont de Lombardiert the time- took advan- tage of a cab-passing along the carriaeo'road to rush to the left footway, whilo Ferrand was on the right, and jumped over the rail- ing of the bridge into the dock basin. Who will save that'man'for me? cried out¡For rand, in a stentorian voice. In an instant one of the dock porters, a man named Huugel, who has already saved four lives, plunged into the water, andlafter a violent struggle forTraupmann didfbisutmost to drownhim self and disable Haugel-the murderer was brought near enough to a boat to be pulled on board olive." \ i i Traupmann is said to be a youth of about 20, a working engineer. His design seems to havo been to possess himself, of the title-doeds of the murdered family-to KO to Amonca and in due time, strangely stupid and dangerous as the procedure would have been, toJ represent himself as Kinch and producing the deeds, apply to some French consul tojBecure the transmission of tho money to him. There is a fantastic elaboration in theiplot which quite accords with the account which Traupmann gives of its origin. In fact,] it was not so much the monoy for which ho murdered the family, for he left valuablo'things untouched, and of 300f. which he secured he sent lOOf. to his old father. It was a morbid desire to figure in a deadly plot. Ho is said to havo made a hero of the Abbé Rodin, the wholesalo mur- derer in the Wandepiiff Jew, and his in- flamed imagination pursued its object with relentless aim. The demon that possessed bim did not spare? oven the little child, and it covered his ¿ yictitns with i superfluous wounds. Cries were heard, but it is still un- explained how ono man could accomplish such a butchery unaided. It is thought by some that he-must have had the help of hired assassins. ' j o One good may .»result from this crime. French literatura 5 needs purging, and this event is said to .have produced an unusual feeling in Paris that a moral reform is neces- sary. I I CRIME- IN ENGLAND. Wo are not in a'position to look downlfrom tho heights of social superiority. These autumn months have been stained at home by too many crimes. Murder and suicido are frequent At Poplar, the other day, a, ship- " wright, some time out of employment, stifled himself and his wife and two children by means of charcoal. This .week a carpenter, in a suburban village, has murdered, iii a fit of terrible jealousy, a woman with whom he lived, and a man-one Boyd, lately a mer i chant in Japan-who had enticed her to spend a day with him. It is'a tragofly'of fierce passion and of lustful vice. I regret to say that these two instances are but satuples of tho crimes of violence with which the newspapers abound. The Bridgewater Elec- tion Commission has been attended with one ,sad tragedy. The Lord Justice Clerk of Scotland had been subpoenaed to give evi- dence, but one.morning was missing from his house, He had gone out dressed in black, and could not ¡be found. The worst fears were fulfilled when, after some days, his body was found at the bottom of a river, with a gash across his'throat. Mr. Paton had, in years past, contested an election in this ill omened town ; and shrunk from, soiling the judicial ermine by appearing in the witness box. He was of a morbidly sensitive nature. SOCIAL SCIENCE. j Our social reformers are now, however, in full activity. The Social .Science. Congress has just completed its annual review, "having met this year at Bristol. The bishop of the dioceso preached the opening sermon, and laid down the doctrine that this world is still under the influence of devils, against whose devices all good men are called to labour. Sir Stafford Northcote made an excellent president. A wido variety of subjects was discussed, the most important of which, perhaps, was education ; and the most re- markable fact was the almost unanimous agreement in favour of the employment of compulsion, either direct or indirect, The agricultural labourer was well represented by Canon Girdlestone ; and as regarded the pre- sent poor law administration, both in town and country, it was pronounced to be wrong, and needing to be supplemented or supplanted, by some system of charitable visitation, The ladies this year had their own conference, but their debates wore not reported, > The Church Congress was opened on Tues- day last, at Liverpool, with a sermon from Dr. Howson, the Dean of Chester, the chlof fea- ture of which was its plea for amore hboral recognition of all forms of evangelical reli- gion. A disdainful dislike of dissenters was, he said, just now "one of the most danger- ous propensities which a' churchman could indulge. The question of lay agency was amongst'the first which carno afterwards under consideration, ' i THE IRISH CHURCH, j Tho Irish clergy have assembled in synod at Dublin, to devise some first steps for the re- construction of the disestablished Church. There is not much as yet to report. The chief questions naturally related to the con- stitution of the new1 church body, and the part the laity should, take in its affairs. The proposal of the bishops to include certain ex oficio members >was rejected. A largo 'ma- jority also pronounced against another re- solution, which would have deprived the laity of any voice on questions of doctrino. Hithorto, by > theory, Parliament has repre- sented the laity in i church affairs; and this authority removed, tho day is past when they will - be content to limit their judg- ment to secondary details'of administration. Tbo clerical representatives in the Gonoral Synod are to bo elected by tho diocesan synods. Every 10 clergymen in each'dioceso, who have been five years in priests] ordets, will olect one representative, and one addi- tional representative is to be allowed j for any excess larger than five beyond the exact multiple of 10. The provost and fellows of Trinity College and the professors of the Uni- versity of Dublin, or at least such of thom as aie clergymen of the Protestant Church of Ireland, will be entitled to elect two represen- tatives. » ! (. { THE LAND QUESTION. The Premier has droppod no hint of his policy on the next great question of the day ; but we are being gradually prepared for it, and coming to nearer agreement, notwith- standing the difficulty of reconciling landlord and tenant. The Times some weeks ago despatched a commissioner to Ireland ; and his letters, which still continue to appear, contain the sort of information which best forms public opinion. The Daily News had previously instituted a special investigation ; and on all hands facts and arguments areboing slowly accumulated. It becomes abundantly clear that the peculiarities of Irish tenant life require special legislation. Somo wild hopes have been excited, and on tho other hand some foolish fears expressed ; but there is much less agitation, andrI should not be surprised if, after all, the question is settled with comparative case. Sir John Gray, the member for Dublin, is among the most conspicuous champions of Irish tenant right. "Wo want," ho says, " that the man who is born on tho land-tue Irishman who gets possession as a tenant farmer, the swoat of whoso brow alone makes it valuable to his landlord-should bo allowod to work the land, and that no power on earth shall be able to remove him as long as ho pays the rent. We ask no 31 years' tenure. We ask fixity of tenure." This is the cry. Lord Hartington, who is careful to speak in his private capacity, takes quite a different strain; and while warning tenant-farmers against I tho folly of judging the question solely from their point, bos declared, at the Sheffield Cut- lers' Feast, that "not only the property of Irish landlords, not only tho property of Eng- lish landlords, is at stake in the discussion, but property of all kinds," and that1 no measure can be passed "without principles and doctrines being enunciated equally hos- tile not only to the interests of landlords 'but of capitalists of ovory description," Lord Clarendon has also touched the subject unofficially, not knowing what the Govern- ment will do, but sure that they will "not adopt any of those wild and subversive schemes of ¡which -we have heard so much," He admits that for a landlord to turn a te -nant out, and appropriate the whole value of improvements effected by the tenant's work and money, is "felonious," and would in, this country make a terrible stir ; but he thinks a law may beframed which shall " rigidly en forco the duties of property, while it scrupu- lously upholds its rights ;" which will satisfy the Irish- people, who, " whatever may bo their faults, are not fools." Lord Carnarvon, at the meeting of the Highclorc Agricultural Association, chose to assume that the popular solution would be a compulsory subdivision into small holdings, and no was strong on the " rights of property." But declamation / is easy on either side, and this need of legislation is so clear that the shrewder mon Of all parties will be forced to unite, in carry- ing a moderate measure. Meanwhile, agrarian outrages still con- tinue ; there is scarcely a weok in which some murder ÍB not attempted or accomplished. The agitation for the release of the Fenian prisoners-for an "amnesty," as it is calleá- is still kept up ; but there are many of us on this side the water who think that already the Government has gone too far in that direction. t Our metropolitan police led the publio to boliove this week that they had cap- tured, Colonel Kelly, who escaped at Man- chester ; hut it turns out to bn a mistake. A -young Irishman was thrown from a cab and his skull fractured ; and it was alleged first that ho was Burke, then that he was Kelly ; but at tho inquest it proved to be a case of mistaken identity. , RECIPROCITY". v Among other noteworthy facts of tho month must be mentionod a revival of the ,old cry for protection, under tho milder name of "reciprocity." In Manchester itself, the head-quarters of free trado, a reciprocity association bos .been started by a meeting of about 50 gentlemen, the contrai doctrine of these philosophers being apparently that free trade all round is an'excellent thing; but that if any foreign nation will not take our goods free of duty, we shall improve our situation by declining to tako theirs freo of duty. THE BYRON SCANDAL. Mrs. Stowe has reserved hor defence in tho matter of Lord Byron. In the meantime, it is said that the children of Mrs. Leigh, the unfortunate sister, aro about to bring an notion for libel ; and probably we shall yet have moro authoritative evidence on the subject. Tho controversy is now dying out ; but many letters havo been published pro and con, some greatly damaging to Mrs. Stowe's account. Public opinion, with few excep- tions, now strongly condemns her publication of the article in Macmillan. If an absolute necessity was laid on her, why not state " the secret" in as few words as possible? It is very well known, however, that Lady Byron had many other confidants. ¡ RECENT DEATHS. A prominent place in the obituary of the month belongs to Lady Palmor, ston, who has gone to her rest at the ripe ago of 83. She was a woman of great energy, and an admirable helpmate to her distinguished husband. Sho was one of the first six patronesses of Almack's, and to the last held her position as a leader of society. She was also competent to many duties, and kept in her hands the management of tho household at Brocket, Cambridge-house, and Broadlands, as well as the care of her own property. Her visiting-book was also " kept with au. the regularity and precision of a .merchant's ledger." "As long as her health, allowed, she made a point of filling un her cards with her own hand, and sha know exactly whom she had invited for each of her alternate evenings. Her brilliant salon at Cambridge-house was a political centre, from which her influence radiated over a wide circle. She was skilful both to impart and extract information in her hus- band's interest, and exerted herself for him with tho skill of a great tactician. The Bishop of Exeter is also among the dead. Ho had reached his 92nd year, and had hut just resigned his see. Of other names I may, mention that of Dr. Kieran, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Armagh ; of Dr. Thomas Graham, master of the Mint ; of Dr. Hunt, the founder of the Anthropological Society ; and of General Acerbi, ono of the "thousand" of the Sicilian expedition, and a renowned companion of Garibaldi. NEW BISHOPS, , Mr. Gladstone is reconstructing the bench of bishops. The action of the new law, en- abling bishops to resign, has placed threo sees already in his hands, and( the death of Henry Philpotts a fourth. Dr. Temple, of Rugby, is appointed to Exeter ; Lord Arthur Hervey, an "evangelical," to Bath and (Wells ; the Bishop of Oxford is transferred to the richer seo of Winchester; and Prebondary Mackarness goes to Oxford. With regard to Dr. Livingstone, a socond telegram states that Mr. and Mrs. Lee, tho missionaries who left Zanzibar in Juno, and havo just arrived at Falmouth, bring intelli- gence, but not of a dato so late as was stated in yesterday's telegram. Dr. Livingstone was seen about 14 months since by an intelligent and apparently trustworthy Arab at Lako Tanganyika, and ho Was then making his way to tho western part of the lake. No doubt of Ids safety existed at Zanzibar. It was expected that ne would be first heard of at Congo, or some other place on the wost coast of Africa. AUSTRALASIAN TOPICS. ENGLAND AND HER COLONIES. Tho importance attached to the question of the proper relations which should subsist between tho colonies and the mother country has boon ovidenced by the prominent position assigned to the subject by the council of tho Social Science Congress, The thirteenth annual gathering of that body took placo at Bristol on the 29th ult. The congress was divided into four departments-the first, under tho direction of Mr. Geo. Woodyatt Hastings, being the International and Muni- cipal Law Section and tbo Reformatory Sec- tion. In the former section, tho first question for discussion was, "What ought to bo tho Legal and Constitutional Relations botweon .England and the Colonies?" The council, anticipating tho momentous agitation which this question is . destined speedily . to ex- cite, called particular attention to its eornost consideration ; and with the view of insuring a full and impartial discussion of the subject, they specially invited the at- tendance of men who have had experience, or are peculiarly interested in colonial affaire. Among these may be named Sir Geo. Grey, Sir Charles Clifford, Sir Wm. Denison. Sir C. Rawlinson, Mr. Torrons, M.P., Mr. Edward Wilson, Mr. Westgarth, Mr. Sewell, Mr. Marsh, Mr. Youl, Mr. Henty, Dr. Learmonth, Mr. Gorst, Mr. T. P. Labilliere, Mr. John Noblo, Mr. Macfie, M.P., and Mr. Thos. Hare. In his opening address, the president, Sir Stafford Northcote, made the following re- marks on this subject :-" I am glad to see," he said, "that the relations between England and hor colonies aro likely to be well dis- cussed. There is no part of the national duty upon which, mon seem to be so little clear as upon this. One school among us, animated by much the samo narrow spirit as that which dictated the old colonial restrictivo system, consider that, in the intorests of the mother country, wo ought now to cast off our colonies as useless, costly, and embarrassing to koep. Another schcol consider that, although the colonies ought not to be retained against their will, and ought, if they desire to remain connected with us, to contributo a fair shore of the ex pense of their own defence, it is yot for the general advantage of the wholo empire that it should remain entire, and that, so far as we are concerned, wo ought to use our utmost endeavours to place and maintain our colonial relations upon a reasonable and stable foot- ing. It is in this latter spirit that wo havo now to approach the subject. For my own part, I must frankly say that I could not have taken the chair as your prosidont except upon the clear understanding that the object of the councilin invitingthisaiscussion was not to loosen but to strengthen the bond which unites tho different portions of the empire, by considering in what manner the various difficulties which exist in tho i dations be- tween the mother country and her colonies may be surmounted, and how tho connexion may be made to bear the best fruits for us all. The colonies possess by inheritance and by virtue of their connexion"with us many ad- vantages which it would bo impossible to creato afresh, and of which, thorefore, we ought to be very slow to deprivo thom qithor by. cutting them adrift, or by driving them by mismanagement and neglect to the conclu- sion that they would do well to detach them- selves from us. If it wore only that their al- legiance to the British Crown preserves them from the evils of disputed successions, and furnishes them with a natural arbiter, to whose decisions they con bow upon questions which might othorwise lead to ondloss bicker- ings, theso aro advantages which should not lightly be thrown away. This candid deliverance was tho key-note of the subsequent discussions, and augurs well for the future treatment of a matter second to no other in national interest and importance. The question carno up on tho second day, and was introduced by Mr. J. E. Gorst, who repudiated the idea that England and the colonies occupied the relation of parent and children, and said settlers were more fit than ordinary men to manage thoir own affairs. The two must be considered as equals ; in strictly colonial affairs, the colonies must be freo; and the home Government must restrict itself to Imperial intorests. As the colonies woro 'now managed, their coun- cils were almost a sham. Tho principle of colonial freedom, he contended, did not in- volve tho dismemberment of tho British Em- pire, and thero was no reason why they should not continuo in one confederation, But two conditions wcro indispensable to that-the union must servo a common purpose of prac- tical interest to its members, and each mem- ber of tho empire must havo a fair voice in the Imperial councils. Mr. T. Haro in his paper advocated the representation of the colonies in tho Imperial Parliament by a man chosen by them, sub- ject to certain regulations, and who should be in constant communication with his col- leagues in the colony. Mr. John Noble's paper was on tho colonial question from an English point of view. Re- ferring to the arguments usually urged in favour of tho retention of the colonies, he showed that tho trade to theso possessions was only one- soventh of our total foreign commerce, that it had increasod more slowly than any other portion, the excess of imports dnring the five years 1863-7 over tho five years 186-1-8 being-foreign, 57 per cent. ; Indian, 170 per cent. ; and colonial, 61 per cont. ; the increase of exports being respectively 73, 71, and 34 per cent. As respects emigra- tion, he showed that three-fifths of those who left tho United Kingdom selected the United States for their future residence. The amount expended in leliof of the poor in England and Wales exceeds the total Customs revenue of the British colonies; the number of paupers nearly equals the population of Australia and Now Zealand ; while just above the lino of pauperism thore is an equal number struggling for ibaro existence, who aro taxed for tho benefit of prosperous colonists. Tho rate of taxation, in the United Kingdom is £3 per hoad ; in the Australian colonies, £2 17s. 4d. ; in the North American colonies and in tho West Indies less than £1 por head. In addition to taxing the inhabitants of these islands, the colonies levy protective duties upon their manufactures, a proceeding which is destructivo of any real union, and treats the Englishman as a foreigner. Tho exaction of Customs duties by one, portion of an empire against the pro- ducts of other'portions is an anomaly only known within the British Empire. The financial ,'ieldtions of a colony towards the mother country have been defined by. Adam Smithy each colony ahould con tribute in peace , and war towards the general expenditure of the empire. After alluding to ovidontly im- pending changes, and the predictions of evil which it has boon alleged would result from a severance of tho colonies from tho mother country, and in which the writer did not be- lieve, he laid down as tho only principles upon which tho union could be maintained, the existence of perfect freedom of trade throughout the whole empire ; tho disposal of waste lands for tho benefit of the entire popu- lation of tho empire, reserving an adequate land-tax as a provision for future revenues ; and the equitable contribution of every por- tion of the empire towards Impoiial expendi- ture. It was, in the opinion of the writer, upon theso principles alone that the present union could be maintained, or the proposed confederation of the possessions of the British Crown bo accomplished. A paper, prepaied by Mr. R. A. Macfie, M.P., camenoxt, but it was so much beside tho question that the secretary's reading of it was stopped ; aud Mr. F. B. Labillicro, an Australian born and bred, was called on. Ho scouted on behalf of his countrymen and every good Englishman! tho idea of a dis- memberment ot the British Empire. He thought the colonies were in a state of tran- sition, and required to have their exact posi- tion moro clearly understood and better de- fined. For this ond the following important questions would have to be considered, and they were all susceptible of amicable solution, if considered in a mutually courteous spirit viz., colonial confederation, defence of the colonies, judicial appeals, and tho appoint- ment of Govornors. He spoko favourably of tho adoption of a confederation, hold out the hope that in course of time tho colony of Aus- tralia would ho able to defend horsolf, showed that the advantages of sending to England in cases of appoalwere counteracted by the great delay which ensued, and pioferred the present mode of appointing as Governors Englishmen, as likely to do tho duties moro impartially than a man in the colony. ' * ' Sir John Bowring began tho discussion, ex- pressing his regret at seeing tho spirit of pro- tection which was adopted in tho colonies, as nothing was so likely to alienate the mother country. Tho host way for tho colonies to servo themselves, and England also, was to interpose no hindrances that would interfere with friendly relations. Mr. Marsh oxpressed himself in favour of a confederation,for Australia, and contended that if protection was not good for an old country it could not bo so for a young country. In protecting the colonies, England was to a freat extent protecting her own property, fe deprecated so much interference on the part of the home Government in the internal affairs of tho colonies, and said ho thought it was impossible that tho colonios could bo taxed for Imperial purposos, and cortainly not without roprosontation. Sir "William Denison maintained that the colonies did look on England as a I mother country, and ho protested against the fooling that seemed to bo growing up that they hod botter be cast off ontirely. Ho disputed the economy of sovering the connexion ; instead of being anoconomy, as at present, they would he an expense. He deprecated thoir being treated in so ponurious a manner as to oblige them to ceaso from being children. Sir Christopher Rawlinson attributed the want of progress of India, for example, to the constant reference to England as to the law of tho country. In respect to Australia, ho asked whether it was possiblo to imagino a nation which in SO years would become as po- pulous as tho mother country would continue to refer matters to the mother country. Ho was quite satisfiod that great dissatisfaction was constantly expressed at tho present state of things, and at the great delay which aroso. The course adopted should bo that of a sen- sible father to a grown-up son. He thought thal as tho colony prow the oxponse of it would be less, but did not consldor that it would continuo to take Govornors from Eng- land when it became a great nation. As to the suggestion of representation, ho had not much hope of it. Ho urged that they should give the greatest freedom to thoir colonies, for if they did not they would take it for themselves. Colonel TorronB, M.P., saw nothing im- practicable in a union in perpetuity between England and the colonies, if they took a reasonable view of it. He thought the mis- management of the causo of tho colonies by Dowmng-street had caused disaffection ia their inhabitants, and that things could not go on as they wore. The remedy to bo ap- plied was the representation of the tmo facts of tho case as to tho state of the colonies and tho opinion of their peoples to tho home Ministor ; to secuto this the colonies should havo some men to represent thom in eng- land. Mr. Edward Wilson thuíigíít the timo was a critical ono, and if things went on as at present, tho colonies would begin to consider wjiother they should declaro thoir independence, or adoptsomoothoroltcrnative. Those who rashly urged forward such a result would, incur a most awful responsibility. Ho also spoke of the necessity, of the home Minister .being well informed on the subject of the condition and opinion of the colonies. ' ' J Mr. F. Hill said if England and the1 colo- nies were regarded as equals, with a bohoTicial partnership between them, they could no moro sever the connexion between thom and tho mother country than England could cast off Scotland. Ho saw no reason why repre- sentation in tho Legislature should not bo adopted as a means of preserving tho union. That union should bo attended with mutual benefit ; admitted to representation, tho colo- nies should assist in thp maintenance of tho defences and the othor expenditure 0f the old country. ' ' Mr. Mosely also spoke, and read part of a letter from tbo Duke of Manchester, ox pressing his opinion in favour of giving the colonies a voice in the government of the Empire, when they would, no doubt,'bo will- ing to bear their fair shore in the defonco of tho umpire. Mr. Briggs and Mr. Chapple also spoke, and Mr. Gorst and Mr. Noble replica. The chairman summed up tho pro- ceedings, and the department then ad- journed. , ; Among the latest contributions towards a solution of the present difficulty is a pamphlet from tbo pen of Mr. Henry Sewell,¡formerly Prime Minister of New Zealand, dedicated to Mr. Edward Wilson. Mr. SewelLrelates with conciseness, candour, and calmness the his tory of the relations botween the Homo and Colonial Governments so far as they bear on the oxisting crisis in New Zealand, and illus- . trate either tho claims of the colonists for help from home on the ono hand, or i the right o£ ¿ tho Colonial Office to declare itself froo from . responsibility and declino giving suoh help on tho other. Whdo fully admitting that a colony has no right to come to the Imperial Government for holp till it has strained its own resources to tho uttermost, Mr. Sowell thinks that such an eraorgency and crisis has arrived in the case of New Zealand, and that that crisis has been, precipitated by tho policy of the Colonial Olhco itself; The Spectator says it would be Very unwiso for our Ministers to read this pamphlot] if they wish to retain thofeeliDgof apparently perfect self-satisfaction which has inspired the long series of animated snubs and taunts racontly sent out under the name of despatches to New Zealand. Tho article commenting on. tho pamphlet concludes as follows :-'. But whilo England still recognises, in tho most unfortunate possiblo forrh (tho loaning of troops) for all parties, that she owos> some- thing in the sfiapo of obligations to the colony, her languago is all dircctod to proving that sho owes nothing, and that she even has, in the abstract, a heavy claim on the colony for former aid re- ceived at the cost of the British taxpayer. Such language appears to us to be as silly as it is practically mischievous. If the British taxpayer docs not like his colonies, nothing is easier than to cast them off. Ho need no more have the expense of colonies than ho need have tho expense of a throne, if ho does not choose to afford it. But, in fact, ho does like|tho dignity both of a throne and of a great empire. He sees, in his dull' way, tho advantages of the constant! stream of emigration which enriches England and the colonies at once. He is a wai o that the existence of a real Imperial tie is a'nocessary condition of much of that emigration; and a vast addition to the political influence of England. He suspects pretty shrewdly that, as amere pecuniary bargain, England gains a great deal more than sho loses by hor colonial empire, oven though she has to put her hand in lier pocket offener than she likes to help colonial misfortune. But the British tax- payer would bo {¡lad to have all this advan- tage and not pay its needful price, and so is on the high road to paying a groat deal more than the needful prico, by rendering tho con- nexion hateful oven while ho grudgingly doles out what would bo, if cordially given, enough to render it cordial. It sooms to be the fate of Great Britain to sow 'sontlmontal friovances ' broadcast amongst hor dopon oncies ; to treat thom flippantly, as 'if they wore no grievances ; to pay dear for them ; and never to recover either the lost money, or the more irretrievably lost regard and affection." > THE COLONIAL SECRETARY AND THE POLYNESIAN ISLANDERS. Earl Granvillo has addressed a despatch to the Governor of Queensland, in which ho says :-" I wish you cloarly to remembor that tho matter is not a more Queensland ques- tion ; it is a matter affecting foreign, though uncivilised, countries, and the honour of the British name in connexion with thom. It is a matter in which Her Majesty's Govorn ment feel the deepest interest, andinrospoctof which you, as their officer, are under tbo most serious responsibility. It is for you,to take care that the home Government is not misled, but receives accurate and full information respecting what is going on in Queensland, and to use your utmost iniluonco to secure that the immigrants receive, in relation to thoir employers, that special protection which immigrant labourers îecoive in othor polonies to which coloured immigrants (as thoy are called) proceed, and without which tlioy must bo at the mercy of those about them. ' I trust to you for giving your immediate and serions attention to tho matter, in order tjhat Her Majesty's Government may be in a position to vindicate tho charactor of the colony,'if these abuses do not exist ; or to talco such (steps as may be necessary for putting a stop to the immigration, if they do." THE CRICKETING TEAM FQÏt AUS TRALIA. ., At the last moment, a hitch botweon the English cricketers and the agent employed to engage them for a trip to Australia seems to hayo occurred, by which their departure was delayed. The difficulty, however, was said to have boen surmounted, and the embarkation was to take placo oarly in October. 'Tho fol- lowing professionals wore to constitute the "oloveu :"-J. C. Shaw, A. Shaw, Ji Ascroft, F. Silcock, Willshor, Marten, Jupp, Pooloy, Humphrey, Griffiths, aud'SoUthertbn. Tho Kew Zealand Gazelle of last Mohclay, how over, says :-"Wo undorstand thUt tho nego- tiations for tho despatch of anotüm? party of English cricketers this winter to iAustralia have fallen through, the terms demanded having exceeded thoso which the nigont had powers to accept. , Several podestrians of considerable reputation have, howWor, ac- cepted the toims offorod to thom, ana already sailed for the colonies.", f' ' , THE WOOL TRADE, [ Further communications on 'ibis subject havo appeared in tho London; papers, in favour of a chango of systom. ".An Anglo Australian " returns to the chargé, answering the objections of his opponents, and adducing additional reasons for methods involving creator economy and more expedition in the disposal of the wool. "An Importer of Wool" also sends an extract fromi a private letter of a Melbourno correspondent, who ad- vocates the abolition of the middjo-man or dealer, and the substitution of private for public sales. Having experience of both sys- tems, he expresses himself as decidedly in favour of that pursued in tho cotton-market at Liverpool. < ' < DIAMONDS. ' Mr. Verdon, tho agent-general i for Vic. toria, has received from Melbourno 115 rough diamonds of various sizes, weighing togo thor 32J carats, which wore obtainod, in throo weeks from a small piece of ground near Mudgee, in Now South Wales. ; SUPPLEMENTARY MAIL VIA BRINDISL Tho following official notice has been issued from the Genoral Post-office :-The Italian Post-office having established direct and accelerated trains botween thoFronch fron« tier,, and Brindisi, and,having offered, as an experiment, to convoy by thoso trains British. supplementary (mails for the East Indies, China, Australia, &c;, commencing with the morning of Saturday, thV.2nd of October, mails supplementary'to those" despatched on tho previous owning, via Marseilles' will henoforrntbo" made" up at this office-on the morning of every Saturday, and forwarded .through France and Italy to Brindisi, and thence by Italian packet to Alexandria. It is S expected that these supplementary _ mails will reach Alexandria in time n " to go on to Suez with the mails "', forwarded weekly foom Southampton' and 1, from Marseilles, but in the event of the / packets from Brindisi not arriving in due ' course, tho mail packets leaving Suez will not f. delay their departure. All letters, &c;, in tended to bo forwarded in those supple- mentary mails must bo specially directed "via Brindisi," and they will bo liable to tho " following rates of postage :-To East Indies or Ceylon, for a letter not oxceeding half-an ounce in weight, Is. 4d. ; for every additional half-ounce, Is. 4d. To Straits Settlements, China, and Japan, for a letter not exceed , ing half-an-ounce in weight, Is. 7d. ; for every additional half-ounce, Is. 7d. To Australia, for a letter not oxceeding half-an ounce in weight, Is. Id. ; for every additional , holf-ounco, Is. Id. For every newspaper to either place not exceeding lour ounces in weight, 4d. ; for every additional four ounces, 4d. The postage must be fully prepaid. Un- paid, or insufficiently-paid letters, &c;, will not be sent via Brindisi. Book packets and patterns will not be forwarded in the sup- plementary mails. In London, lottcrs may be , posted under the same regulations as letters intended to be despatched by tho day mail to France, except that nono can bo posted at , Cannon-street railway station. Newspapers must bo posted before 7 a.m., and only at the chief office. THE AUSTRALIAN MEAT QUESTION. This subject has again been brought under i the notico of tho public by Mr. D. Tallerman, who on Tuesday last gave a dinner to the members of the Edmonton Institute. The , occadion was the inauguration of the winter session of lectures. The Rov. Arthur Hall presided, and nearly 200 sat down ; the guests consisted principally of working men and their wives. The distinguishing feature of this dinner from those that have been previously given, was that it was cooked entirely by somo working men's wives of the district,who t wore selected by the committee, they re- ceiving their instructions and being under the immediato supervision of Mr. D. Taller 1 man. The bill of fare comprised seven courses, viz., pea soup, mineo meat and pota ' i toes, Irish stew, force-meat dumpling, meat i ' and rice, i mutton pies, and sausages. It was unquestionably a great success. The greatest testimony that could be adduced may be taken from the fact that the whole of tho dishes were cleared as fast as they were brought on table. If any of tho guests had a i lurking prejudice against Australian meats when they sat down, it must havo vanished as fast as their appetites, for they were soon lost After the dinner, Mr. Tallerman delivered a lecture on Australian meats, their modes of preservation and preparation for table. In the first part, tho lecturer fully described the i different processes, under the heads of freez- ing, tinning, concentrating, and curing, and showed howeach in its way was advantageous as an addition to the food resources of the ii country, and how they might all bo economi i cally used. The second part was descriptive of how the meat should and should not be « cooked. This was illustrated by various ex- periments. A pound of meat had been boiled » in the ordinary way, and lost ten ounces of Í fat, &c;, in cooking, which had been thrown »noway ; then a pound of meat had been boiled < and the fat and stock saved and exhibited, there being over six ounces of fine fat, and ,tho stock being strong enough for good soup. i A pound of meat was then shown that had been minced and stewed with two pounds of potatoes, a carrot, onion, turnip, and a few " pot-herbs, the result being an immense dish, 1, containing at least four good dinners, of a savoury and economical character. The whole of these were carefully scrutinised, and the iii remarks of the lecturer attentively listened to, the many questions those present put to Mr. Tallerman on the completion of his address fully showing the deep interest the working men present took in the matter. A t vote or thanks was unanimously given to it Mr. Tallorman, and also to the cooks. The .i Rev. Arthur Hall and many of the working r men addressed the meeting, and all expressed i their satisfaction and surprise at what they ' ihad seen-one of the speakers, who had .lived 20 years in the district, and had a wife and 12 children, and very well known to i most present, stated that he bad used the meat constantly eveT since Mr. Tallerman had opened his depot in Norton Folgate, and both himself and his family liked it. They cooked it principally with Sea Hour, as [Scotch people do their collons. lany of those present determined to try tho meat in thoir own homes, and they passed a 4 resolution to take a fow pounds each on a i certain day of the week for six weeks, whether . liked or not, and exchange thoir own expe- riences in cooking of it. A committee was elected to carry out tho resolution. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM- MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (raoM ora OWN COBKESPONDENT.) i LONDON, OCT. 8. Since the departure of the September mail ' we have witnessed phenomena in the mone >' tary world which at the time caused consi ; derable uneasiness. After the immediate effects of tho Paris panic had passed away, influences were still at work draining away our gold, tightening tho rates of discount ac- commodation, and imparting a feverish rest ' lessness to tho stock markets. Yet the up- ward movement was not due to any revived " activity in trade requirements. The number ,, of commercial bills offering was small, and, harvest being over, no demand existed for i the paymont of extraordinary agricultural I labour. The clue to the mystery was to he' found on the Continont and in Ame . rica.' ,ïn the latter country, a courso ', of wild speculations in gold, sent up -tho, exchange value of that commodity i enormously, and led to large imports from this side. Within a very few days, about , ,a fortnight ago, half a million sterling was transmitted from here to Now York, and it was generally expected that tho Bank of Eng- land rate would havo been advanced. Then i also a similar demand, only not so sharp, ox ,,, ïsted on the Continent. At Vienna, Frank- fort, and Amsterdam, speculations in foreign '' bonds and in doubtful shares had been ram- pant for two or three years past ; and, owing to ! theforcedrealisationswhiohfollowedthopanio , of lost month, money was in such urgent request that tho rates of discount had to be raised at all those cities. It was tho necessity of making largo remittances to meet these un i expected claims that suddenly tightened our ' money market during themiddleof thomonth. But tho trial was short though sharp A , favourable reaction has already set in. The ' New York gold gambling collapsed after a few days of frenzy. The exchanges fell, and , the specie which we sont will speedily return to us again. Tho Continental markets, too, have assumed a healthier and quieter appear- ance, so that we may look for more steadiness in money values and in public securities The permanent causes of cheap money still re- main, and" are likely to remain, it is to bo feared, for some time to como. Tho end of f 'the quarter having been passed, and the \- revenuo payments satisfied, the tendency will again bo downwards, ' t Consols were adversely affected about the middle of the month, falling at ono time as low as 92J, but they havo since recovered to 03 and 93j. \- » Our own stock markets havo not been at all seriously affected by the financial disturbances on tho Continental bourses, and tho largo amounts of foreign securities sent hore for im- mediato disposal. A largo number of tho . ^liabitués of the Stock Exchange aro out of '"*' town, and the business transactions of lato i havo been singularly free from speculation. < From this remark I must oxcept some of our railways, whoso property has recently boen subjected to systematic attempts at deprecia- tion by a gang of1 "bears." On the wholo, j however, the prospect is hopeful. The assur- ance of Lord Clarendon, that the poaco of Europe is not likely to bo broken, and the . rumour published by a Vionna journal, that the Emperor Napoleon will, at tho opening of the Corps Législatif, propose a genoral dis- armament, have served to induce a moro cheerful feeling. For Australian securities the market has been firm throughout tho month. Transac- tions have not, however, boon very numerous, owing partly to the holidaj s. Victorian 0 per cent, debentures have advanced, but it must 1 be romembercd that currant quotations are " often for sums as low as £100, and that, if a i > largo amount were'placed on » the market,'. these quotations could not be obtained. New; Zealand debentures are suffering from the*' .'continued disturbances in that colony.^ \ "f ThêTfoUowing are the'latest'quotations of Australian securities and shares :-í ' 1 Î ' (^ Sharp I ^¡ it . . G..*-*"** v*'f' T.II»JX. Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock 'Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Shares] 100 100 100 23s, 50 26 25 25 10 80 Stock Stock Stock aovErmiratrr STOCKS.' Victoria Government, 0 per cont. (Jon. and July) Do., do. (April and Oct.) Do., 5 per-cent. (January . and July) .. -, .. ., Now South \Valo3, Gpercont., 1871 to 1870 (Jan. & July). Do., do.,1888 to 1896 (do.).. Do.,'do.,rodceir¿, *C7 to 76 South'Australian, 0 percent. (Jan, and July) .. MolbournoOorporatlon.Opor cent, (blay and Nov.) .. Goolong Coloration, O'per cont. (May and Nov.) .. Queonsland.Cporccnt. (Jan. and July) .. .. .. NewZoaland, 0 per cent. .. Do., 6 por oent., consoli- dated . Tasmanian, 0 per cont., 1805 (Jan. and July) .. boMl'ANlBS' BONDS. Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Hallway, 6 por cent. Bonds (1880) Do., 5 porcout., 1895 BANKS. Now South Wales .. '.. Australasia .. .'. Union of Australia South Australia London Chartered ot Aus- tralia.. English, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Chartoroct .. " .. Oriental ., '.. New Zealand ..' Victoria . Otago .. .. i .. National of Australasia MINUS. Yudauamutonaof SoutkAus tralla . Port Phillip Mining Company Scottish Australian Mining.. Kapunda, S.A. Worthing Copper, S.A. Yorko Peninsula . .. itrscBiiLiuraor/a. Australian Agricultural .. Australian Mortgage, Laud, and Finance Melbourno and Hobson'a Bay Ballway. Otago and Southland lu vestment Company Now Zealand Trust and Loan 2j New Zealand Loan and Mer | cantilo Agency 25 South Australian Land 1 Trust and Agency of Aus- tralasia .. r.. 28J Van Dlemon's Land.. 100 North British Australasian.. 100 ¡Peel River Land and Minorai 100 Scottish Australian Invost ' mont. 1141 ml 101 100 101J m 107 108 1074 101 82J 1031 ,102 91 '22J '101 43 10 10 68 1} 2i S3 ra * These quotations include tho accrued Interest on debentures. ' TEIiEOItAPHIO PBOJE0TS, &C.; There is a disposition just now to run wild in the direction of telegraphic speculation. I mentioned last month the number of compe- titors for the telegraphic business between Europe and America, but in spite of the par- tial non-success of the French Atlantic Com- pany, yet another project, named the Oceanio Telegraph Company, has boon announced during the past few weeks. The object is stated to be to ostablish. a cheaper system of ocean telegraphic communication. By means of light eames, containing "no perishable materials in their construction," the pro- moters contend that they can "release the telegraph world from its utter dependence on a Great Eastern," and at the same time effect, as compared with tho existing heavy cables, a saving of 40 per cent, on first cost, with extra working capacity. Ia the first in- stance, it is proposed to carry a direct line from the south-west coast of Ireland to Sable Island and Halifax, Nova Scotia, which is in complete telegraphic communication with New York and America generally ; and the company proposes to commence with a uniform rate of Is. Gd. per word, or 15s. for a message of ten words, with 7s. Cd. for every additional five words, being about one-half the present charges. The construc- tion of tho main line from point to point is estimated to cost £450,000. The present capital of the company is to bo £600,000, in 30,000 A shares and 30,000 B shares of £10 each, the A shares boing guaranteed a preferential divi- dend of 10 per cent, by the B. The profes- sions of the prospectus have boen severely criticised, and tho public aro earnestly warned against tho present tendency to over-do this species of enterprise. The existing Atlantic cables are only about half worked, and it is pointed out that if five or six rival companies are in the field, the competition for the limited business to be done will be so fierce that the property will become worthless and the divi- dends nil. The shores of tho French com- pany aro at a considerable discount, and although every succeeding wcok shows a slight increase in the receipts, yet the amount of business at present is far from being as remunerative as was anticipated. A new undertaking is announced under the title of the Home and Foreign Telegraphic News Company (Limited). It is suggested by a desire to take up the "intelligence de- partment" of the Electric and International Telegraph Company, which will not be con- tinued by the post-office authorities when the electric telegraph system is transferred to them. Tho services of a portion of the work- ing staff of the present agency are to bo re- tained, and it is stated that the system is to receive a considerable extension, both at home and abroad. The capital proposed is £20,000, in 4,000 shares of £5 each. One of the directors is the manager of the Lombard Exchange and News-room. The establishment of the India, China, and Australia Telegraph Company, referred to lost month, is understood to bo secured, so far at least as concerns the first section of the pro- posed line from (Point de Gallo to Penang. The subscription-list was closed on the 30th ult. This first section is about 1,000 miles in length, and the capital £350,000. The remaining sections-running as far to the north-east as Shanghai, and as far to the south-cast as Adelaide-will involve a farther 0,500 miles, or, say 8,000 miles in all. The probability seems to bo thal,' when this first section is laid, the importance of continuity and harmony of working will secure to this company the carrying out of the designed extensions. This 19 the moro likely, seeing thattho India-rubber and Tele- graph Works Company are able, upon their principles of construction, to manufacture the cabio at a price which will insure the commercial success of the telegraphic enter- prise, while it secures a very large profit to themselves. It is understood that the India rubber Company have stipulated for the option of making the extension cables also, in proportion as the capital is raised for thom ¡ ana it, therefore, these designs are accom- plished, the India-rubber Company will bo in possession of contracts for years to come. In any case, however,'they aro fully occupiod for the present, as their West India and Panama contract, and the present ono, for the first section of tho India, China, and Australia line, as far as Penang, will together amount to £1,000,000 sterling. Among the minor announcements of the month aro-the London and Devon Biscuit Company, capital £50,000, to acquire and ex- tend a local business at Barnstable ; tho New Wheal Charlotte Tin and Copper Mino, in Cornwall ; and the Llanarmon Lead Mining Company, near Mold, North Wales, capital £20,000. The prospectus is issued of an undertaking which, under the title of tho Anglo-German Steamboat Company, is obviously formed for the bond Me purposo of accommodating tho increased traffic botweon Germany and England. It is intended to run steamers between Hamburg and Harwich, in connexion with'the lines of the Great Eastern Hail way Company. The directory consists of the membors of a number of mercantile firms at Hamburg. The capital is fixed at £150,000, or 2,025,000, marcs banco in 1,600 shares of £100, or 1,350 marcs banco each.' A noto attached to the prospectus by Messrs. Barnett, Ellis, and Co,, of the London Stock Ex- change, mentions that they aro authorised to offer for subscription one-half of the capital in England. COLLAPSE Ol' THE E0B0PBAN ASSUBAN0B SOOIBTr. On the 21st of September a petition was presonted in the Court of Chancery by two of the contributories and policy-holders of the European Assuranco Company, for the purposo ol obtaining an order to wind up that association under the Companies Acts of 18G2 and 1807. The case was oraored to stand over till lost Saturday, tho 2nd hist The directors, however, in the meantimo, strenuously resist tho application for the winding-up. not admitting the statement of 'ho petitioners as to tho want of funds u> meet current demands. They have issued an appeal to the policy and share holders doprecating alarm. According to an. uneontradieted statement in The Times, the outstanding policies of the European are for an amount between nine and ten millions ; there ore annuities ab- sorbing t- considerably more than ¡£16,000 per annum ; and there are the liabilities .besides of a large guarantee business, which supplies: an income of £40,000 per "annum. To meet these liabilities there is--a* total premium income .of £338,000., Tbo accumulated fund at the close of lost year appeared to be little more than £600,000 ; and of this amount there aro» two large doubtful items-£41,000 invested in foreign securities, and £318,000 invested in " mortgages, Ufe in- terests, reversions, and balance of purchase of businesses account." The latter item has a very vaguo and shadowy look. The society shows a subscribed capital of £800,000, but the share capital' aotually paid ap is only £159,019, which; added to tho- accumu- lated premiums, make an aggregate of about,' three-quarters of a million. There is, of course, the half million andi odd pounds representing tho< remaining liability 1 of the shareholders, but it is a doubtful item. The sums assured, with the bonuses, are stated at £11,276,600 ; and the assots there- fore represent only £613s. lid. for every £100 of prospective liability, or 33s. 9d. more than the Albert. The embarrassments of the European have no doubt been produced by causes similar to those which ruined its reckless rival. While the Albert swallowed 23 other associations, the European absorbed no fewer than 33. The manager of the latter, Mr. Lake, as the Daily News reminds us, was once hailed by ono of its directors as " the great amalgama- tor," and the society itself is literally and actually the great amalgamation. <"The Al- bert absorbed 10 societies, and those 10 had pre- viously absorbed 12 othors, so that it formodan aggregate of 23 companies. The European has absorbed 11 societies, but one of those societies-the British Nation-had previously absorbed as many as the Albert, so that the existing European is a great aggregation of 34 companies. The various transmutations aro extraordinary. The present society was originally formed in 1853, and called the People's Provident ; in 1858 it absorbed the original European, which had been founded in 1819, and took its name; and on amal- gamating with the British Nation in 1865, it took from that society its manager, some of its directors, and many of its characteristics. Besides its Life Insurance business, the European has had the benefit of an act of Parliament, enabling it to undertake to guarantee the fidelity of Government employés and others, and it appears to have had alargo business in connexion with the Govern- ment services, just as the Albert had a large Indian business. It has establish- ments in Australia and India, and for some time it had a branch in Montreal, butitis be- lieved that the agency there is closed. The case of tho European was again before tho Vice-Chancellor last Saturday, but the petition was not brought on, the 13th inst. being ultimately appointed for that purpose. An application of the petitioners for a preU minary inspection of the books and papers was refused. The company made au effort to get the printer and publisher of The Times imprisoned for editorial comments published in that journal 10 days before. An apology was tendered, and the offence was condoned. At a meeting of policy-holders in tho Naval, Military, and East India Assurance Society, which was transferred to the European, it was resolved that, in case of necessity, the policy-holders would look to the directors of the absorbed company for protection. A committee was appointed to confer with, the directors of the European. THE ALBEI1T INSTJItANOB COMPANY. The plan of reconstruction proposed by the provisional liquidators, being obviously con- ceived in the interests of the shareholders, has been peremptorily rejected by a joint committee of the representatives of the London and provincial policy-holders. The same body called for a compulsory winding up by two liquidators, acting Under the supervision and control of a committee of seven policy-holders. Seven gentlemen, re- presenting London, the largest provincial towns, and India, were accordingly nomi- nated for the purpose, This course of action was in anticipation of the authoritative de- cision of the Court of Chancery a few days later. Five petitions, praying for the wind ing-up of the company having been presented, Vice-Chancellor James disposed of them in Chambers on tho 17th ult. In making the order for a compulsory winding-up, his Honour directed thatthe committee f orconducting the affairs of the company should consist of share- holders as well as policy- holders. Costs were allowed only to tho two petitioners represent- ing these bodies, and to the provisional liquidator ; and the judge took tho oppor- tunity to convey an intimation which may be generally useful, and serve as a warning to a class of persons who tace still endeavouring to moko a trade by constantly harassing railway and other concerns with threats of litigation, to tho effect that " a public company is not to be considered a carcase to be preyed upon." On the 21st ult., an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders took place at the offices of the company, to consider resolutions for a voluntary winding-up, for the appoint- ment of liquidators, and for the discussion of tho proposal for reconstruction. Evonts, how- ever, had boen hurried on too rapidly for the shareholders; their action had been fore- stalled by the Court of Chancery, and the direction of affairs had passed entirely out of thoir hands. There was a long conversation, resulting in tho adoption of a resolution ap- pointing a committee of five shareholders, to conter with tho representatives of the policy-holders, and to examine generally the affairs of the company. Mr. Price, the official liquidator, stated his belief that the accounts will show truly the expenditure of every penny that has como into the hands of the directors-which, so far, is satisfactory. In the meantime, it has been officially an- nounced that the winding-up order does not dispense with the necessity of the payment of the renewal-premiums, and policy-holders are requested to toko notice that in default of such payment their policies will .lapse. The idea of resuscitation is not altogethor abandoned. An authoritative announce- ment has been made to the effect that the London Committee of the policy-holders is engaged in the consideration of proposals both for reconstruction and for transfer of the business of the company. Although tho first outburst of anger is passing away, tho disposition to compel those who were tbo authors of the catastrophe to disgorge their ill- gotten plunder is by no means weakened. There is an impression that something may be recovered from the directors and shareholders of tho amalga- mated companies, while the public would re- joice to see the negotiators of these wholesale transfers of helpless policy-holders from one huckstering gang of speculators to another compelled to reimburse the enormous douceurs they received. "There seems, certainly good ground for maintaining," says the Economist, "that in soiling tho goodwill of a business, in tho profits of which, the policy-holders had an interest, the directors of the amalgamated companies were pretending to sell what was not theirs, to disposo of, and that at least the proceeds should bo accorded to the policy-holders. The claim against the original shareholders in the companies might be still more worth pressing, ,ond it is difficult to seo how they can be exonerated unless the policy-holders expressly consented to accept tho substituted liability. Mere payment of the premiums to a third party, nominated by the original obligant in the assurance policy, cannot by itself have any effect in relieving the latter. It is his business, and not that of his creditor, to look after'tho solvency'of the party to whom ho commits tho duty of discharging his obligation." The soundness or unsound ness of theso views is likely soon to be put to the test. An indictment for conspiracy to defraud has been preferred against the direc- tors of the Albert Company., Tho prosecutor (Mr. Edward Lee, of Notting-hill) appeared before Mr, Knox, at the Marlborough-street Police Court, on the 27th ult, and deposed to the fact that early in the present year, on the faith of the advertised representations re- specting tho stability of the Albort, he pur- chased 240 shares. Mr. Price, the official liquidator, then entered into an elaborate statement, showing the origin and progress of the company, adding that during his investi- gations ho had discovered no traces whatever of fraud on the part of the directors. Ulti- mately the hearing was adjourned for three weeks, tho defendants being liberated on their own recognisances. MINOR FAILURES, &C.; Messrs. Hague and Penny, of Moor-hall Mill, Preston ; liabilities, £20,000 to £25,000. Mr, Lukolsherwood, of Rochdalo, yarn agent, for a small amount. Mr. H. R. Stevenson, yarn and cloth agent, of Manchester ; liabili- ties, £37,212 ; assets, £25,704 ; a committee of investigation appointed. Messrs. Gavin and M'Kerrow, fancy-dress manufacturers of Glasgow ; liabilities about £30,000. Messrs. J. W. Anderson and, Co., manufacturers, Glasgow, with moderate liabilities. This failure was followed by that of Messrs. Ander- son and Gray, also a Glasgow house, with lia- bilities exceeding £50,000, a portion of which falls upon some Manchester houses. Bills of Charles Gedalia and Co., commission agents in Danish and Swedish trade, haye been re- turned. , ' J At a meeting of creditors, of Thos. Rhodes and Co., Leeds, the liabilities were stated to be jabout £18,000, of which only £14,000 will rank against the estate. 'The,accounts of '.Messrs. Haguo. and .Penny, "manufacturers, and of Mr. Geo. Penny, yarn agent, Proston, showßs. 2d. in, the pound. An offer of 18s. in the pound by Mr. H. R. Stevenson, cloth merchant, has been accepted. Messrs. John M'Call and Co., preserved pro- vision merchants, have stopped payment. Their liabilities are estimated at about £50,000, but no information has yet transpired with-regard to-the probable result of tho liquidation. It is presumed that losses have been wado upon Australian meat, of which the firm were large importers, as well as in connexion with the "People's Market "in the Whitechapel-road, which was established by the partners, but closed some time ago. Tho books havo been placed in ,the hands of Messrs,: Cooper Brothers and Co.,, the ac- countants. , Telegrams from New York announce the failure of an old-established and respectable firm of i bankers and stockbrokers; owing, it is stated, to recent heavy speculations in gold, as well as in stocks. Their, liabilities aro estimated at a large amount, but a favourable liquidation appears to bo expected. Tho partners were estimated to bo worth a million sterling some time ago. Preliminary proceedings have begun in the Bankruptcy Court in the case of Mr. Balla char, merchant, of Walbrook, who attributes his failure to heavy losses on produce, the break-up of a Manchester house, and pressure on the part of a loan company. Debts, nearly £20,000. i ; The affairs of Mr. C. H. Turner, formerly chairman, and subsequently deputy- chairman, of the Great Eastern Railway, have been before the Court of Bankruptcy for proof of debts. Proofs amounting to £50,000 have been tendered, the bulk of the debts being for money lent. Mr. John Pepper, carting agent in the Leeds district for the Great Eastern, who had been associated with Mr. Turnor in certain share speculations, has also surren- dered himself on his own petition in the Leeds Bankruptcy Court. His liabilities reach £120,000. Mr. Oswald Howell, accountant, is also in the hands of the registrar. The last instalment, making 20s. in the pound, has been paid to the creditors of Overend, Gurney, and Co., and the interest on tho deferred instalments is all that now lemains for the creditors. This is to bo paid on the 30th of June next. DIVIDEND MEETINGS, &0. Bank of Australasia.-The directors have notified that a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum, and a bonus in addition at the rate of 4-being together at the rate of 10 Ijer cent, per annum, or £2 a share for the lalf-ycar-will be paid to the proprietors on the 12th inst. Chartered Bank of India, Australia, and China.-At the extraordinary meeting on the the 20th inst., the directors will announco a dividend for the half-year at the rate of 0 per cent, per annum, free of income-tax. Oriental Bank Corporation.-A general meeting in called for the 28th inst., to declare an interim dividend for the half-year ended thei30th June, at tho rato of 12 per cent. Bank of England.-At a general court of proprietors on the 23rd of September, a divi- dend was declared of 4¿ per cent, for the six months, reduefng the "rest" to £3,024.072. The net profit of the six months amounted to £650,433. In the course of discussion, the governor, Mr. Crawford, M.P., stated that the applications from fundholders for their dividends to be spnt through the post amounted in number to little more than 700 out of 112,000, but that he expects this facility to be more extensively used in future. He also mentioned, in answer to a question, that the branch at Manchester had sustained no losses through the depressed state of the cotton trade m Lancashire. Australian Mining Company.-An extra- ordinary meeting is called for the 20th mst., to receive a report from the directors with reference to reducing the liability on the shares of the company, and to decide upon the course to be adopted, The ordinary meeting of the Queensland Sheep Investment Company (Limited) will he held on the 15th inst. TELEGRAPH, STEAM, &C.; We ore informed by the Liverpool Albion that, owing to the demands of the Australian and Indian trades having become so exten- sive, and the forthcoming opening of the Suez Canal being likely to do away with the use of sailing vessels to a very considerable extent, some of'the enterprising shipowners of Liverpool are combining together to sub- stitute steam for sailing vessels. Already we bear of the formation of a large company, which has given an order for a steamor of 440ft. in length, and of light draught ; and one of our oldest and most respectable firms is, it is said, about to follow suit. Our ship- owners are quite alive to the changes which the successful navigation of the Suez Canal will bring about, and are building steamers suitable for the traffic by that route. | The General Post-office authorities have issued a notice to the effect that, on tho 2nd of October, and on every succeeding Saturday morning, a supplementary mail for tho East v, ill be made up and despatched hy day mail to France for transmission via Brindisi. It is believed that the papers and letters thus for w arded will generally arrive at Suez before the departure of the steamer. It is announced that the Atlantic cable of 1860 has parted, about 70 miles from Heart's Content, making the fourth fracture which has occurred in connexion with this cable, and all on the Newfoundland sido. About two months ago a fault was discovered in this cable a short distanco from Valencia. Mea- sures will be immediately taken to repair the fault complained of; meanwhile tho 1865 cable remains in perfect working order. Some das s before the news of this disaster became public, large operations in the shares, at a heavy fall, had taken place, showing that the fact had becomo known to an inner circle of speculators. Tho directors are severely cen Mired. The wreck of tho P. and 0. Company's steamer, the Carnatic, with tho loss of 26 lives, has excited, very strong feelings of in- dignation in England. The conduct of the captain, in sacrificing the passengers to the ship, is generally condemned. The Carnatic left Suez on the 12th of September ; and just as it was emerging from tho Gulf into the Red Sea it slid up a coral reef. Yet tho sea was calm, the night was starlight, and a light- house was nigh. The Island of Shadwan was only four miles and a half distant. The pas- sengers rose and dressed, collected a few portable valuables, and expected to bo taken off to the island refuge. Tho captain, however, decided otherwise. All night, all through the following day, and all through the next night, were the anxious crowd kept on deck, rocking and rolling, and at last nearly drowned,, before permission was given them to take to tho boats. But the permis- sion came too late. Before moro than seven or eight persons had been fairly got into a boat the vessel was riven in two, with a noise like thunder, and the after part glided down into deep-water, leaving a yawning gulf in tho sea as it disappeared. Tho rest may be imagined-the rush into the vortex of cargo, luggage, cattle, and human beings. The marvel is how so many were rescued from the horrible cauldron. We shall hear more of this affair. Tho saved passengers and crew were taken from the island, a few hours after their escape, hythe Sumatra, which had'for- tunately come in sight, bound for Suez. Sixty and eighty guineas aro being paid to effect insurances on the ship Matoaka, 148 days out from Port Lyttelton, N.Z. She has some 50 passengers on board, and £50,000 in specie, i ' A telegraph line has been laid from the Land's-end to St. Mary's, on tho Scilly Islands, 31 miles, by which means the receipt of shipping intelligence will be much accele- rated. The undertaking has been effected by a few private subscribers. The United States Government aro to pay 450,000dol. in gold to the Hudson's Bay Com- pany, under award for territory surrendered. The company will also, before long, be in re- ceipt of £300,000, for relinquishing territorial lights to Canada. i i Movement of Gold and Silver.-The return showing tlio import of gold and silver bullion and specie registered at tho Custom-house states an arrival of gold from Australia in the month of July amounting to no less than £1,201,026. Mexico and South America also sent gold and silver of the value of £732,000, and the United Slates as largo an amount. The import of gold and silver into tho United Kingdom thisycar, which, up totheend of June, had only reached £9,375,934, had been raised to £12 522,310 at the end of July. The export of poid and silver from the United Kingdom in tho month of July did not reach a mil- lion. The whole seven months' export was £9,975,309. £4,525,424 went to France and £2,488,475 to Egypt, the high road to other parts ever athirst for gold and silver, ^t is said that the Western Union Tele | graph Company of New York, which has I absorbed all the other leading lines of the 1 country, atb likely to press upon Congress, at its approaching tession, the propriety of the ' Government buying them up.- and carryirig on'the business after the English precedent. I The concern was established by Professor Morse and others 23 years ago, with a single wire from Baltimore to New York, and1 its capital stock now represents a sum, equal to< u. .- I .i it . ,,f í i / j Í r : i.i i about eight millions sterling, besides a bonded debt of nearly a million. The company, under their charter, havo tho power of pur- chasing competing lines at pleasure? and .it is, by issuing stock for that purpose, and also to patentees, that a great part of thoir enormous1 nominal capital has been created. ' ^ ~ THE WOOL BAMS. The third soiies of colonial wool sales, which commenced on the 12th of August, closed on the 21st of September. The quan- tity brought forward ana disposed of amounts to 195,423 bales, consisting as follows : Baloa. Sydney and QuconBland., .- 88,312 Port Phillip?. .- 48,814 Ntw Zealand .. '.60.857 Capo ot Good Hopo .1 . ..US2,6M' Adelaide. 13,705 Van Dicmon'a Land .0,078 Swan Klvcr .. .. " ., .. .. Í77 Sundries .1,100 Skins.i 841 In reviewing the sales, Messrs.' Dnllon and Ferry remark :-" The sales opened' with a good attendance of home and foreign buyers, and the prices poid showed an advance of Ad, to Id. per lb. on Australian and Cape wools, in comparison with the average rates of the 'May sales. It was evident from the com- mencement that the most spirited support was afforded by the home trade, to which tho Belgian and German buyers, however, greatly contributed (for France, owing to an uneasy feeling with regard to the illness of the Em- peror, the demand has been less activo than usual) ; and the competition was so well sus- tained, even increasing in briskness as tho sales piogressed, that an average advance of lid. per lb. was established on the May rates, and i this improved state of things con- tinued with unabated Bpirit until the close. This satisfactory Tesult is mainly attri- butable to the extreme cheapness of tho law material for some time .past having greatly increased the consumption by enabl- ing manufacturers to produce low-priced goods, and consequently the stocks in the hands of dealers nave become considerably reduced ; combined with this, it is now appa- rent that this year's importation from Aus- tralia will show little or no increase com- pared with 18G8, and from tho recent advices, it appears probable there will be a consider able diminution next year. Sydney were in good supply, and comprised a few really su- perior Queensland flocks; the latter wore well competed for, and the prices realised were about on a par with those of the May sales ; a large proportion consisted of medium and inferior sorts (principally deep grown), and they sold readily at fully 2d. per lb. advance on the rates of that period. Port Phillip of the finest descriptions were scarce, and they sold about Id. higher than in May ; there was, however, a marked difference in the good medium flocks, which in the early part of last sales were so much depressed, and owing to the reaction they are now fully ljd. to 2d. dearer. There was also a brisk demand for good greasy for export ; and at the close, they may be quoted fully 2d. per lb. above May rates. Scoured wore very abundant ; they consisted almost entirely of medium and inferior sorts, for which last sales' prices were obtained ; in some cases id. to Id. per lb. more. Now Zea- land formed the most prominent feature in the series, and comprised a very excellent assortment, both washed and in the grease, being in good condition and well grown. They were taken neely, principally for comb- ing purposes, and fully participated in the averoge advance of lid. per lb. Van Die men's Land consisted for the most part of in- ferior descriptions. At the commencement little or no improvement was shown in the prices realised, but thoy subsequently bocamo Id. to l¿d. dearer than in May. This applies also to Adelaide, which presented a very indifferent selection, principally of the red earthy kinds." Mr. Helmuth Schwartz, in his circular, states:-"The attendance throughout, both of homo and foreign buyers, has been satis- factory and the competition brisk, especially towards the end. Prices at the opening were firm at closing rates of lost sales, some kinds showing an advance ; as the sales progressed the improvement became more marked, and a further riso was established, which was firmly maintained to the end ; this was partly caused byitlie favourable weather for the harvest, and a better demand for France, the uneasy feeling which existed thero in the earlier part of the sales having abated. The averago ad- vance established at the end of theso sales compared with the closing rates of May and June are Id. to 2d. per lb. on fleece, washed, and in grease, and fd. on scoured, for Sydney, Port Phillip, and New Zoaland wool, Van Diemen's Land wool was chiefly in faulty, seedy, and heavy condition." Messrs, Southey, Bairne, and Co. mako the following observations :-" The burden of competition during tho opening sales, owing to the passive attitude observed in the first instance by the French section of tho trade, devolved almost exclusively upon the home, Belgian, and German buyers, and for a time, there was very little indication of a tendency to any important improvement in quotations. The feeling of confidence, however, which had been engendered by a somewhat improving consumption in the manufacturing districts, a favourable harvest, and the prospect of amore moderate rate of supply, found expression, as the scries progressed, in increased anima- tion in the biddings ; and the support of the French buyers, who at a later period operated with considerable freedom, contributed ad- ditional strength to the market, and esta- blished a general advance in prices, till then principally confined to Capes and Sydnoys, of Id. to lid. and id. to Id. per lb. for washed and unwashed wools respectively. Tho demand for scoured wools of Aus- tralian origin was by no means relatively so ¡activo as for other descriptions, and quotations consequently do not show the some advance. During the later sales, more- over, the prices for Cape fleeces, both Eastern and Western, the latter especially, were not fully sustained, while grease wools, on the other hand, of all kinds, mied disproportion- ately finn. Good combing merinos were keenly sought at full prices ; but cross-breds, which dunng the first two series of the year were exceptionally high, showed little if any advance : indeed, in some cases, suffered a reduction on previous rates. It is a notice- able feature that many of the finest Port Phillip and Tasmanian flocks have exhibited considerable deterioration as compared with the same shipments of the previous season a circumstance which, in many instances, may be attributed.to the injudicious use of, the hot-water process of washing, and tho ex- cessive application of alkali. The general character of the New Zealand clip, the bulk of which has come to market during these sales, is fully up to that of previous years, and the condition and care displayed in many cases ovidence increasing attention to tho de- tails of management. The result of the series cannot but be regarded with the greatest satisfaction by all sections of the trade ; for though the improvement in'the market has somewhat exceeded general anticipations, and indeed would appear to be quite as important as is warranted by the present aspect of cir- cumstances, it affords an indication of a re- turn to a healthier and more remunerative condition of business, and places a term to the long-continued course of depreciation which has been a source of loss and embar- rassment alike to grower and manufacturer." In view of the forthcoming November series of sales, Mr. Helmuth Schwartz makes the following estimate of the quantities to be offered:-"Port Phillip, 26,000 bales; Sydney, 28,000 boles; Adelaide, 4,000 bales; New Zealand, 17,000 bales ; Cape, 45,000 bales ; total, 120,000 bales-or about the same as in November, 1808. The position of tho market is firm ; the consumption everywhere large ; stocks aro moderate, and with the certainty of a stationary production, the maintenance of the present range of priées appears secure." rnODÜCE MABKETS. | Australian tallow has been in moderate demand throughout the month, and tho Eales comprise 2,036 casks. Prices have been con- tinually fluctuating, but the tendency has been upwards, the value to-day (7th) of good to fine mutton boing 47s. Cd. to 48s,, and fair to fine beef tallow 46s, Cd. to 47s. Gd., which is Is. per cwt. higher than on the 7th. ult. Import since thon 2,789 casks. Present stock, 2,261 casks. Australian Hides.-The demand continues good at the advanoe noticed last month, but as none of the recent arrivals are yet landed the sales to report are limited, and comprise only 1,228 hides ; Sydney, fair to good, 1st heavy 6d. ; ditto, light, Sid. ; second class, 4¿d. per lb. The import, 9,556 bides, which foi ni the stock, will shortly be offered, and aro likely to meet with a ready sale. The fol- lowing are the > quotations for first-class bides :-Heavy-Good, average 561b. to GOlb., Sydney, fid. ; Melbourne, 4Jäd. to 43d. ; price, October 7, 1868,5Jd. to 5¿d. per lb. Middling to fair, averago oOlb, to GOlb.. Sydney, 4jd. ; Melbourne, 4$d. to 4¡¡d. ; price October 7, 18G8, 5d. to 5 jd. Inferior, or in bad condition, aveiage S61b. to GOlb., Sydney, 4jd, ; Mel- bourne, 4id. ; price October 7, 1808, 4M. to Gd. Light-Fair to good, averago 401b. to ?>45Ib.,' Sydney, 5jd. ; Melbourne, ed. to Öjd.j S rico October 7, 18C8, 5¿d. to 5|d. pr-r lb. liddling to fair, averago 401b. to 451b., Sjdncy, 5d. to 5Jd. ; Melbourne, 4|d, to 5d. ; [price! October 7>> 1868, >ßd. to Bid. 'Kips, average 121b. .to 151b., Sydney, 4id.,to5d. ; *" !->."! . , Lit. ,. Aa> ,, Melbourne, 4d. to ßd. ; price Octobor 7,1865, 4d. to 5d. per Ib. v- - - H Australian Leather.-The quantify offered nt public auction during the month'has been smoU^ond late rates aro fully supported, viz., fan; to good sides lOd. to lOJd.^ middling and rather dark! Ojd. to9jja., and seconds 9d. to 9Jd. por lb.' v <. ? N . - -. ,. Mimosa Bark.-The import of the month has been large, making the present stock about 3,300 tons. Prices are again rather lower, the present quotations being-Ground, fine, £8 15s. ; good, £8 ; chopped and long, good, £7 to £716s. per ton. Horns sell steadily, without alteration, viz,, Sydney, average 12oz. to 14oz,, 21s. to 29s. Cd. ; Melbourno, 13oz. to 15oz" 28s. to 32s., average, lloz. tol2oz., 18s. to 52s. Gd. ; Adelaide, averago 12oz. to 14oz, 19s. to 80s. Gd., average 7Joz, tolOoz., 8s. to 13s. per 123. Bones are in demand at full prices, viz., shank, good to fino, £18 to £2115s. ; fair, £14 to £16 ; middling and common, £11 to £13 ; common grinders, £6 per ton. Cocoanut Oil.-The market is steady, with- out alteration in value-viz., Cochin, 433. 6d. to 44s. ; Ceylon, 42s. to 42s. Gd. ; Sydney, 39s. to 42a. per owt. Tho eight vessels which, havo arrived since September the 8th, havo brought 9,556 salted ox and cow hides, 553 bales leathor, 99 bales sheepskins, 5 bales and 2,966 loose kangaroo skins, 138 bales basils, 96 bales glue-pieces and pelts, 2,739 casks tallow, 708 casks cocoa- nut oil, 20 casks greese, 126 tons and 10,731 packages bark, 20,000 ox and cow horns, and a quantity bones and hoofs. ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVALS. George Thompson, at Seal 23rd Scptcmbor, from Melbourne. Granite City, at Gravesend 2St!i September, from Sydney. Georgo Kondall, at Deal 25th Soptomber, from Sydney. Harkaway, at Deal 26th September, from Sydney. Hugh Fortescuo, at Gravesend, Irom Adelaide. Lady Jocelyn, at Gravesend 20th September, from Melbourne. Maryborough, at Gravesend 0th Septembor, from Brisbane. Nineveh, at Gravesend 21th Soptomber, from Sydney. Yorkshire, at Seal 23rd September, from Mel- bourne. DEPAETOBES. Asia, from Dundee 22nd Soptomber, for Melbourne. Antiope, from Gravoscnd nth Soptomber, for Mel- bourne. Anglesey, from Gravesend 8th October, for Mel- bourne. Antipodes, from Cardiff 5th October, lor Melbourne. Armin, from the Olydo 5th Octobor, for Melbourne. Celestial Queen, from Liverpool 13th Soptomber, for Auckland. Obalgrovo, from Seal Slat September, for Swan Biver. Charlotte Gladstone, from Plymouth 20th Bop tom bor, for Melbourno. Cclaeno, from London. SOth Septembor, for Canter- bury. Canaan, from Seal 30th September, for Sydney, Challenger, from Liverpool 29th September, for Brisbane. Caducous, from Gravesend 8rd Octobor, for Msl bourne. . , Colline»» o, from Gra.'caend 2nd October, for Ade- laide. City of Dunedin, from Gravosond 4th Ootober, for Otago. Duke of Sutherland, from Gravesond 15th Septem- ber, for Adolaido. Danbar Castlo, from Gravesend 18th Soptember, for Melbourno. Duleep Singh, from Liverpool 6th Octobor, for Mel- bourne. Glendower, from Deal 9th Soptember, for Sydnoy. Harrowby, from Gravesend 22nd September, for Hobart Town. Helonsleo, from Deal lût Octobor, for Auckland. J. O. Munro, from Gravesend 23rd September, for S> dnoy. John Bunyan, from Gravesend 2nd October, for Nelson. Lincolnshire, from Gravesend 22nd Soptember, tor Port Phillip. Maid of Judah, from Gravesend 22nd Soptember, for Sydnoy. Molmorby, from Deal 21st Soptember, for Melboumo. Mangalore, from Gravesond 1th October, lor Mel- bourne. Otago, from Clyde 18th Septembor, for Otago. Queen Beo, from Deal, 15th Septembor, for Otago. Salamander, from Gravesend 22nd September, for Brisbane. Savernako, from Gravesond 22nd September, for Melbourne. Sobraon, from Deal 1st Octobor, for Sydney. Thomas Stephens, from Liverpool 21th September, for Melbourno. Wave of Life, from Portsmouth 22nd September, for Molbourne. Whlte KOBO, from Gravesond 28th Soptember, for Melbourne. White Euglo, from Gravesend 30th Soptember, for Adelaide. Wild Duck, from Deal 6th Ootobor, for Wellington. SHIPS LOADING!. AT LONDON. For Melbourne-Llione, Sulina, Harkaway, Eato Winifred, Kent. Jerusalem, Kirkham, Sei Chief, Yorkshire, Orwell, Lady Jocelyn, Thormopyla). For Sydnoy.-Woolloomooloo, Undorley, Sir John Lawrence, Ben Lomond, Mary Ann WllBon, Sattara, Nineveh. For Adelaldo.-Lady Elizabeth, Arab Steed, Hugh Fortesquo, Annio Lu Bonfield, Barracouta, Channel Queen. For Brisbane- Sea Star, Amlo, Storm King, Altémosla, Flatwortb. For Hobart Town.-Wagoola, Caroline Hatchings. For Launceston.-Berean. For Swan Bl\ er.-Palestine, Witch of the Tees. For Auckland.-City of Auckland, Mallard. For Otago -Harvest Home, Warrior Queen. For Wellington.-William CargtU, Malay. For Canterbury.-MyBtory. Ar LlVKBFOOIi. For Melbourne.-Theophano, British Viceroy. For Sydney.-Castlehead, Comadre, La Escocesa. For Adelaide-Craig Ellachio. For Brisbano.-Loch Naw. For King George's Sound.-OaUlxone. ' For Auckland.-Sea Toller. For Otago.-Don Guillermo, AT Giiisoow. For Sydnoy.-Tamana. YESBELS SPOKEN WITH. Middlesex, London to Sydnoy, August 24, 12deg. N.,24deg.W. Fitzroy, London to Swan Bivor, August 13, ldog. N.,20deg.W. Jessie Scott, Liverpool to Adelaide, August 0,18dog. N.,26deg. W. Lanarkshire, London to Melbourne, August 17, 20deg. 8., 80deg. W. Penthetilca, Liverpool to Melbourne, July 11, 2dog. S., 21deg.W. Tyrol, London to Sydney, July 28, Ideg. N" 25deg. V. O. D. R., London to Brisbano, July 29, 2deg. N., 22deg. W. Agamemnon, London to Molbourne, Soptember 3, 37deg. N., HMeg W. Dispatch, Clyde to Melbourne, August 27,17deg, N" 20deg. W. Hartfell, Melbourne to London, June l8, lldeg. N., 25df g. W. A erulam, London to Adelaido, June 22, 8dog. N., 27deg. W. Viola, London to Adelaido, Juno 20, 7deg, N., '24dég.'W. ' ' ' ?. ' i - i -'i Aiaunah, London to Launceston, Septembor 20, ldeg.B"20dc«.W, , Emigrant, London to Melbourne, July 25, 30deg. S., 23deg. W. Glen Osmond, London to Adelaide, September 2, ideg. N., lldeg. W. Lansdowne, London to Melbourno, Soptember 0, 48deg. N., Odeg. W. Coruniandrie, Adelaide to Liverpool, 140 days out, August l,45de¿ N., 20deg. W. Queen of Hattons, for Sydnoy, Soptomber 8, Udog, N" 26deg. WV * - > ' i Highflyer, London to Melbourne, August 8, Meg. S" 30dcg. W. Coleroon, London to Molbourne, August 25,83dog. N., 18degW. Annio Grey, London to Moreton Bay. Somersetshire, London to Melbourne, July 21,Sdeg. 8., lOdeg. W. South Australia, Falmouth to Adelaide, August 11, ldfg. N.,22deg. W. , Windward, September 10, 20dofr. N., 21dog. W. Cecilia and Maria, Adelaido to Liverpool, August 0, S7dcg.S.(22deg. E. ;",,,, The ship Matoaka, from Kow Zetland, is now 113 days out. Eighty guineas premium per cent, aro being paid to effect reinsurances upon' her. Sho sailed from Lyttelton on tho 13th of May, with 00 passengers and £50,000 spcclo on board. Sho is a first-class ship, 1,098 tons register. BiUDaKWArim, SKIT. 11,-Tho Fanny Kemblo, from Sydnoy tor this port, foundered last nigbt at the mouth of the TJptill Bivor ; crow saved. On tho 11th Septembor tho Maid of Judah, from London to Sydney, put back into tho Downs, having beon in collision with tho Spanish barquo Fama. Both voEsels, It is stated, rocolvcd some damage. Tho Thormopylto, which once made the voyage to Melbourno In 01 days, has just come in with now season's teas, 63 days from Foo-chow-thequlokoat passage known from that port. 