SUMMARY FOR EUROPE INTRODUCTION Since the departure of the last mail the time .of the Legislative Assembly, has been almost 'exçlusively^pccupied with the discussion of questions of privi- lege arising out of ' the report of" the Complaint Committee, of which we gave an i abstract in, our previous Bummary. Jfd then mentioned that1 Mr. C. E. Jones, one of the members for Ballarat West, , and Mr. Butters, the mem- ber tor Portland, had been expelled from Parliament, ' Against this £ de cisien both persons appealed to their respective constituencies. Mr. Butters was re-elected' withoutf opposition, and Mr. G, E.' Jones' ' was ' like- wise returned by a majority of 659 over his opponent, Mr! Vale, the Commis^ sionerof Customs, who had resigned,the other seat in the same electoral district for the purpose of procuring, if possible, the defeat of his late colleague in the Ministry. ' (! y ' The two principal culprits having been thus punished by the Assembly and thus rewarded by their constituents, it became the duty of the House to deal with the other persons implicated in the discreditable transactions revealed in the course of this inquiry. Mr. Bowman, one of the members for Maryborough, who had taken and received a bet of fifty pounds to half-a-crown upon the passing of the Quieting of Titles Bill, was ordered to be reprimanded by the Speaker ; and the Legislative Assembly having decided that Messrs. Hugh Glass and John Quarterman had made use of the funds of the Quieting of Titles As- sociation for the purpose of bribing and unduly, influencing members of Parliament, it was resolved by thirty-six to nineteen that ,they be taken into custody by the sergeant-at arms. They were arrested accordingly, and, having been brought to the bar of the House, and thrown themselves upon its clemency, it was moved by the Chief Secretary that they should be committed to Her Majesty's gaol in Melbourne. The proposition met with1 the ,vehement support of Mr. Higinbottham, who re- pudiated the notion that the House " ought t'o lay aside any feeling of vengeance, and act strictly in the capacity of judges." The motion' was carried by 34 to 29, and Messrs. Glass and Quarterman were, forthwith lodged in the debtor's ward of the com on gaol in this city. Next day, Mr. Ireland, Q. C, applied to the Chief Justice for a writ of habeas corpus, .with, a view to the discharge from custody of Mr. Hugh Glass, Mr. Quarterman de- clining to move in the matter. This was granted, and on the day following the arguments of counsel were heard before the Chiof Justice (Sir William Stawell), and Justices Barry and Wil- liams, The points chiefly relied upon by the 'applicant were that the warrants of commitment were not under seal ; that they were general and not specific in their terms ; that the House had no power to send to gaol ; and that the imprisonment was indefinite, inas- much as it was " during pleasure," Having heard counsel on the other side, the learned judge, with the concurrence of his colleagues, decided that the As- sembly possessing only a limited juris- diction, derived from statute, its war- rants were open to examination by the Supreme Court, and as the warrant in this case did not disclose the nature of the offence, it was radically bad. Mr. Glass was therefore ordered to be discharged, and the announcement was received with cheers by several hundreds of per- sons who had assembled outside the judgo's chambers. Such a rebuff was naturally received with ill grace by that section of the Assembly which has always been in favour of high-handed proceedings for the assertion of its privileges, real or imaginary ; but the influence of the more moderate prevailed, and a select com- mittee, composed chiefly of members of the legal profession, was appointed to inquire into the proceedings con- nected with the discharge of Mr. Glass, and to report thereon to the House. That report, while impugning the decision of the Chief Justice, re- commended that the whole question should be remitted to the Judicial Com- mittee of the Privy Council for an authoritative declaration of what are, and what are not, the privileges conferred upon the Parliament of Victoria by the Constitution Act, to which it owes its existence. When the adoption of the report was moved in the Assembly by the Minister of Justice, it was strenuously opposed by Mr. Higin botham, who urged the House to re- commit Messrs. Glass and Quarterman (the latter having been discharged from custody under a writ of Habeas corpus in the interim), and ridiculed the idea of any effectual resistance being offered by the Supreme Court, with its " half a dozen men in buckram," in the event of a collision between the judiciary and the branch of the Legislature. The Chief Secretary, however, deprecated a recouise to violence, and declared that he was not prepared to take the responsibility of the bloodshed and disorder which might ensue fron such a conflict; and when, upon ar amendment adverse to the adoption of the report being moved, a division was called for, only fourteen members could be found to follow the guidance of Mr. Higinbotham, while forty-two supported the reference of the question in debate to the Privy Council. It is now ex- pected and believed "that the Legislative Assembly will'find'time to devote itself to practical work, which has now been suspended for a period of two months, Pending the passing of the annual appropriation Bill, a temporary Supply Bill for ¿500,000 has passed ,bpth Houses, and received His Excellency's assent. On its introduction into the Assembly, the YOte, as proposed in com- mittee of ways and means by the Chief Secretary, authorised the appropriation of the sum towards payment of the votes as 'they appeared on the Estimates without'reference to their ^having been agreed to by the House. The Opposition, and some members who usually vote with the Government, pointed outthégreat im-, propriety of such a course, and although' admitting that, under very exceptional circumstances^ it, had been previously adopted, contended that it was 'con- trary to all Parliamentary practice, and destructive of the control which the Assembly should maintain over the public expenditure. The only ground upon which the Government defended their conduct was that of expediency. ,lji was evident the House was not satisfied,} 1f^nd although the vote was passed, yet, uponr an appeal to the Speaker, that gentleman ruled that it ' was contrary to all the prac- tice of the House of Commons to grant money in ways and means which had not" been previously voted iin 'supply, i Consequent upon this, the* Government on the following evening cimmenced de novo, took a vote in committee of supply, amounting to half the postponed votes, and then initi- ated and carried through the Supply Bill in the ordinary Parliamentary form. [The delegates sent by the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce to confer with their mercantile brethren in Sydney, have returned to this city ; and it is satisfactory to add that a perfect harmony of opinion existed in the con- ference as to the desirability of a commercial federation of all the Austra-, han colonies, while the majority ,also( concurred in the belief that a customs union, with one uniform tariff, inter- colonial free trade, and a pro rata division of the entire revenue derived from customs duties, by the fede- rated colonies, would be (the most effectual means of carrying the rJrin-¡ ciple into operation. Uniformity of Weights and measures, and of postal and telegraphic charges, was also considered to be desirable. The only dissent from the proposition of a uniform tariff for the whole of the colonies proceeded from two of the New South Wales delegates, and was induced by a mis- giving on the part of the dissentients' lest their colony should be thus com- pelled to accede in any degree to that protectionist policy which is unhappily the basis of our fiscal system. The recently published agricultural returns, which bring /our statistics for this department down to the i 31st of !March last, show that the growth of wheat for the year ending on that day was 4,186,230 bushels, being an in- crease of 774,5G7 bushels over the yield of the year preceding. That increase, however, is far from commensurate with the increased area of agricultural land alienated from the Crown or occupied by lease or licence during the period embraced in the return ; the total area ,in occupation beiDg 637,397 acres in excess of that which was held in 1867-8. After a protracted inquiry, the "Water Supply Committee has brought up its report, from which it appears that the cost of the work will greatly exceed the original estimates, and that the general scheme was undertaken with a most in- adequate conception of the public re- quirements, and an equally vague idea as to the best method of meeting them with economy and efficiency. The educational progress of the colony, according to the seventh annual report just issued by the board, is satisfactory. Not less than 121,024 children, or 17.70 of the population, are receiving instruc- tion. The average period of attendance is 132 days in the year, which is higher than the average of the mother country, or than that of the United States. About sixty per cent, of the children of Victoria between the ages of five and fifteen are undergoing tuition. Telegraphic communication with the island of Tasmania was successfully re- established on the 1st instant, after having been interrupted for a period of nearly ten years. The usual congratula- tory messages were exchanged, and the submarine cable is now in good order and steady operation. Steps have been taken in this city for the formation of an old colonists' asso- ciation, a residence of twenty years in Australia being the condition of mem- bership. Mr. George Coppin is en- titled to the credit of having originated the movement, and a committee has been appointed to draft the necessary rules and prepare a scheme of manage- ment. The objects of the association are to relieve the necessities of such old colonists as may have fallen on evil days, and to draw more closely together the founders of the Port Phillip settle- ment, and the men who were identified with the earlier years of its history. SOCIAL SUMMARY. His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh is still in New Zealand. He arrived at Wel- lington from Sydney on April 11, visited Nelson on tho 20th, Dunedin on the 25tb, and returned to Wellington on tho 30th. On the 3rd inat. tho Galatea, with the Prince on board, sailed for Auckland, and the Chal- lenger and the Blanche followed the next day. A court‐martial was to be held at Auckland on some oﬃcers of H.M.S. Virago. A series of lectures, to bo given by soveral ablo and popular lecturers, has been com- menced on behalf of tho Early Closing As- sociation. Tho first was given on tho 3rd ins t., in the Princess's Theatre, to an audience comprising over 1,000 persons. The ilocturer was Mr. H. J. Wrixon, M.L.A., who took for his subject the " Condition and Prospects of Victoria as compared with othci Lands." Tho speaker, who had but fen notes, took for his theme the disadvantage! to which England was subject ana from !.. 1 / > . I which this colony was free. This comparison, he said, ho made to meet the craven tono of certain'critics (of Australia, who were very needlessly ' despondent for its futuro. Ho also strongly advocated tho growth, of an Aus- tralian patriotic feeling, which, he urged, was necessary to,overcome tho dilficulties and dangers which beset us. Tho lecture was re- garded as a very successful one. The second lecture was delivered on, Monday last, by tho ftev. Georgo Mackie, who chosofor the therao of his discourse, " Tho Land we Live In." Tho theatre was well filled, and the Hon, James M'CuUoch, occupied tho , chair. T ho lecturer wos^wall received, and gaye a good description of the colonisation andsubsequent advancement of Australia. , The Rev. James Taylor, who about eight months ago had to quit the pastorate of the Collins-street Baptist Church, in consequence of his admission of having been guilty of highly improper conduct with a lady of the congregation, has returned to Melbourne, and resumed his ministerial functions. Some persons combined to form a congregation, and engaged the Polytechnic-hall, for, Mr. Taylor to preach in, and on last Sunday week he made his first public appearance. His conduct in returning to the pulpit after his confession of faults that necessarily unfit a man for the position of a religious teacher, has provoked a good deal of comment of a rather outspoken character. Mr. Taylor has replied to this by a letter to this journal, to the effect that his confession of fault-hail been construed to mean more than he had intended by it. A published letter, however from two of the deacons of the church, to whom the confession was made, sufficiently shows that Mr. Taylor's confession could not have meant less than the full sense,which has been attributed to it, and that he had admitted conduct which, by any person entertaining a due sense of what pertains to his sacred calling, must be re- garded as totally unfitting him for the office of a Christian minister. The Hon. John Hubert Plunkett, M.L.C., of New; South Wales, and Q.C.,, died on the 9th inst. in Melbourne. The deceased gentleman was bom in the year 180ÍÍ, and arrived in Now South Wales m 1832 to take tho office of Solicitor General tinder tho Government of Sir Richard Bourke. He was subsequently Attorney- General, and whon the Constitution Act came in force he retired under its provi- sions on his fully salary of £1,200 a year. At a later period he was elected to tho Upper House, and for a long 'timo1 Tiis'has been among tho most prominent names in tho sister colony. It was while on a visit to Mel- bourne that he was stricken with paralysis, and died after a few hours' suffering, The Launceston papers record the death of an old colonist and veteran soldier, Major Harvey Welman. The deceased 'gentleman was aged eighty-seven years, and had beeri a resident of Launceston since 1843. ' He on tored^tho arrpy in 1802, served under'Sir Arthur Wellesley, Sir John Moore, ahd' General Graham in the Peninsular W[ar, and subsequently had mony.years' service in India and the Australian-1 colonies. The" colony of New South Wales was a fort- night ago visited1 by heavy gales and rains, producing destructive floods in the country, and occasioning many shipwrecks, with loss of life, on the coast. The port of Newcastle suffered the most seriously. There tho bhg Burnett fourideréd in sight of, shore, and all hands were lost, and tho schooner Jessie was also wrecked, and three of her men'wore drowned. The schooner Secret, with one man, was lost, and several other wrecks oc- ' curred. A great deal of'uneasiness also pre- vails with reference to a'large number of dóal vessels, which have not yet been heard of.' ' Operations on Bome of the works of water supply have been actively resumed. ''At Ex- pedition Pass and the great1 Malmsbury ro iservoir on'the11 Coliban 'scheide,' the works i are being pushed1 on as rapidly as possible, > arid some three weeks ago nexion with the formätiori of the'eondmt from the- Spring Gully reservoir to Epsom and , Huntly were so far completed that tho water was j turned on and allowed to flow for thirty-eight: hours. It is a matter for congratulation that the firfet experiment was found to answer every expectation. i ii u m i, The'Exhibition of Fine Arts has'remained open during the month, and its interesting collection has been visited by large numbers of people. Frequent musical performances have taken place there, and the exhibition has been a favourite resort for the fashion- able public. Mr. John Cawley, of Ballarat, died in the local hospital on Monday last, from the morti- fication of a wound which he accidentally re- ceived in tho thigh on Friday, in returning from the Ballarat races. The annual meeting of the commission of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian! Church of Victoria was held at the Scots Church, Collms-Btreet east, on the 4th inst. The pnncipal business brought before tho commission was a series of resolutions on the subject of public education, brought up by the Rev. D. Macdonald, convenor or the Edu- cation Committee. ' After considerable dis- cussion tho commission declined to adopt the resolutions, and remitted the mattet for the opinion of the presbyterios. A preliminary meeting has been held for the purpose of establishing an Old Colonists' Association. Mi. Moubray, the mayor of Melbourne, occupied the chair. There was a numerous attendance. Mr. George Coppin submitted a proposition for the formation of such an association, with a view to assisting old colonists in necessitous circumstances, and bringing all those together who might bo regarded as tho founders of the colony. It was suggested that residents in the colony for twenty years should bo eligible for member- ship ; and that the subscription should be £1 Is. per annum. The proposition was unani- mously adopted, and a committee was appointed to draw up the rules and regula- tions of the association. Dr. Badham, of Sydney, was to start for the western and north-western districts of New South Wales on the 18th instant, in pur- suance of his scheme of holding " classical assizes." Ho hoped to extend his visit as far as Dubbo, and to hold conferences for the development of his plan, not only at Bathurst and Mudgee, but in all tho small places in which ho can " find shelter and an audi- ence." Mr. Robert Craigie, for some time residing near Sandhurst, was recently killed by foul air in a well at Armidale. By his will he left from £400 to £500 to be divided between the Bendigo Hospital and Bonevolent Asylum. < German families continuo to arrive from South Australia at tho German settlements around Albury. A string of waggons arrived a week or two ago, conveying families of settlers, with their furnituro, agricultural im- plements, &c.; Jacob Stcffani and Richard Brennecko were charged, at tho Sandhurst Criminal Court, with the murder of John "Wilson, near Mrs, Avery's beor shanty, Campaspe. Tho evidence showed that there had been a quar- rel between deceased and Stoffani ; that de- ceased ran towards tho Campaspe River, and the sloping bank hid him from view ; that he was followed by the prisonets, and they also went down the slope. In ten minutes they came back without the deceased. Search was made for tho deceased, and he was found threo days afterwards in tho river ; but the body was so decomposed that it was impos- sible to say whether there had been any maries of violence on it or not. For the prosecution it was submitted that tho prisoners had thrown deceased into the river, and thoioby caused his death ; and for the defenco it was urged that deceased, who was under tho in- fluence of liquor, tumbled in accidentally. The jury gave the prisoners the benefit of the doubt, ana acquitted them. As an instance of the loss sustained by pas- toral tenants of the Crown through travelling sheep, a letter was read at a late meeting of the Beechworth Shire Council from Mr. John- son Quin, of Murramongeo Station, stating that 2CO,000 sheep had passed over his run during the summer months, devouring every blade of grass that lay in their route. The Rev. Wilhelm Koch, one of tho Lu- theran missionaries to tho Lake Hope natives, has died. Ho is said to havo been a young man of considerable nbility, and had pretty well mastered the native language. A convict named Power, who escaped somo time ago from Pentridge, is still pursuing his hushranging practices m the neighbourhood of Beechworth. A-fortnight ago he stopped and robbed several people,on the road be- tween Beechworth and Buckland. On Friday week a lamentable occurrence took place at the claim of the Equitable Com- pany, Black-hill-near Scarsdale, whereby a miner named Nathaniel Keys lost his life, and another mon named David Campbell waa severely injured. A piece of iron fell down the shaft as the two men were ascending, and killed one and injured the other as stated. ' A man named Harry Puller, a journeyman .baker, was burned to death at Ballarat on Sunday last by the burning down of i ai bake- house in which ho was slcoping. i Tho harbour improvement works at Bal fast are being pushed ahead with vigour, and a good deal of the north pier is already built. It is believed that a material improvement to the harbour will be uffeeted. , ¡ A nurse at the Prince's-bridge Industrial School named Grant has been committed for trial on tho charge of manslaughter, for hav- ing by cruelty and neglect occasioned the death of an infant at that institution. It was shown at the inquest that besides improperly feeding tho child, it had been frequently left 'for many hours without any food at all, and that tho inhuman woman had at times beaten ¿i, accompanying this brutality with sucht rémarks as, " Why don't you die, you little devil?" , , ! t At the border town of Albury the first sit- ting of the Circuit Court was recently held, an event which was celebrated by a public banquet, when tho .mayor entertained his honour Judge Hargreaves, ithe i members of ,the bar, the local magistracy, local members of the legal profession, and the aldermen of the municipality. 1 Mr. Hobsoti, late secretary of tho Smeaton Turf Club, met with a serious accident about three weeks ago that has since resulted fatally. He had been out drinking, and on returning late at night to the hotel where ho slept, he i tried to get in by .climbing over thO(,balcony, but a rail gave way, and he fell heavily, frac- turing several ribs. He died three days after, giving, before his death, to a friend the name, of his brothor in England, whom he wished ,to be written to, viz., Frederick Wade Hob- son, manager of the Manchester and Liver- pool District Bank, Manchester. A report on the state in which the founda- tions of the building for tho Hospital, for, tho Insane at Kew were found on their re- moval, when commencing the present con trapt, was presented to Parliament lately. The report is highly unfavourable to the cha- racter of the work. I The remains of a man who seemed to have been dead for somo months were recently found on the Barwon Park estate. There was a hole in the skull, evidently made by a pistol bullet, and a pistol was tying by the body, as though it hod been held in the hands of the deceased man. The death seemed to have been a suicide, but there was nothing to throw any light on tho identity of the de- ceased cicept that two medical books had been picked up near the place, in ono of which was written " T. M. Conerchy,' It.N." An innkeeper of Gipps Land, named Nicol Brown, who had been sentenced to death for the murder of a maildriver named Laughton, from motives of jealousy, has had his sen- tence commuted into that of imprisonment for life, the first three years in irons. i The alteration produced in the back country by tho change of tho weather is thus described by a local writer :-"Now is the timo to travel from the Lachlan to the Darling.r Thore is no dangei of dying of thirst, while the mail drivers state that there aro places on the road ?where the water is, still several feet doep. "When you camp at night, it is no longer a mockery to turn out your wearied horse for a feed-for the shifting sands on which, ft few weeks ago, he would have been obliged either to feast or starve! have been changed, as by an enchanter's wand, into blooming wild ilpwers and nativo oats, rich grasses or luicy saltbush." ' ¡Attempts are being made to establish a free Íiublic library in CoHingwoöü, arid it is be ieved that sUch an institution will shortly be open. ' ' ' >L (During the time that the works of the Vic- torian Woollen arid Cloth Manufacturing ' Company ' have been in operation, 74,248 yards of cloth have been turned' out. The company is at present making 1,'500 yaids a week. ' ' 1 ¡It appears that the line which has until 'recently been received as the' boundarj between South Australia on tho1 one sidf and Victoria and New South Wales on "the other, is incorrect, and the frontier line ol the two1 latter colonies will have to recede inwards two and a half miles or sd-a strip oJ country that will be added to South Australia ; ¡A Chinaman a week or two ago hung him self" at'Ballal at from the belief that a skit complaint from which he was suffering wai the frightful disease of leptosy. ' 'The committee of the Alfred Hospital hav« accepted the tender of Mr. John Wood foi its erection for tho sum of £15,090. Th< woik is to commence forthwith. ' iTho divorce suit of Lewts v. Lewis, in stituted by a solicitor of Melbourne to obtait a dissolution of his marriage with his wife ot tile ground of adultery, has been tried,1 ant the jury returned verdicts favourable to th< petitioner on all the issues. A peculiar divorce suit, that of Allardyce v Mitchell, has been decided by the Snpremi Court. In it the petitioner, Sarah Allardyce sought for a declaration that a marriage she had contracted with a man named James Mitchell, believing him to be James Gordon, was null. She had married him after a court ship of two days and an acquaintance of six days, she thinking that he belonged to a family of Gordons with whom she was ac quainted in Scotland. A married sister of hers was aware of his real name, and also knew that he had been convicted of some offence in South Australia, but Mitchell managed to intercept from petitioner a letter communicating this knowledge to her. The Court considered that it was a clear case of fraud-a mistake not merely as to the name of the person but as to his identity- and therefore granted the decree sought. The geodetic survey of Gipp3 Land ha been undertaken by Mr. Henderson and i party of eight men. An observatory will, ii the course of the surveying operations, b erected on Mount Baw Baw. A melancholy occurrence took place at thi hospital, Beechworth, on the 16th insfc. Mi James Lea, a miner, had been admitted i patient, suffering from tho effects of an acci dent, through a portion of the roof fallin¡ upon him whilst at work. By somo mistak on the part of the dispenser, an overdose o laudanum was administered, and tho unfoi túnate man was poisoned. On tho 15th hist,, from half-past fou o'clock in the morning until sunrise, a mag nificent aurora australis was visible. Larg masses of red-coloured light, striped with in termediate bands of white, grey, andgreenisl hues, shot up from tho horizon, and illumi nated tho southern beavens, the colours varj ing from a dull red to rose colour, and noi and again glowing to a brilliant vermillior It I appbarcd first nearly due south, and grt dually moved round towards tho east, an was at tost eclipsed by the moro poworfxi light of the rising sun. News has been received at Perth, We; Australia, from tho settlements on the nortl east coast. The pearl-shell gathering seaso was just at its close, after a fairly-successfi haul by most of the boats. Attention wc being directed to tho gathering of tortoisi shell, somo samples of which have been ser homo to ascertain the market valuo. Turtl are said to swarm upon the coast. Tho nativi continued their depredations, and had mu dered a white shepherd and two native se vants. Nothing had been heard of the polii since they went in pursuit of the savagos, bl it is probable tho boggy state of tho count greatly augmented the difficulty of gotting i them. Another expedition to the interior has s out-this time from Porth, West Australia for tho purpose of searching for tho remaii of somo whito men, reported by tho nativ to havo been killed many years ago, and wh it is thought, may havo belonged to tho Loic hardt exploring party. Tho gicat Melbourno telescope has be« mounted, and tho building in which it erected is nearly finished. The roof over ti portion of the building devoted to tho tel scope is of iron, and is so constructed th it may bo drawn over the teleseopo or i moved to the other ond of the building wi' ease. When the telescope is in use, tho ro remains covering the southern half of ti building. The great instrument, whon rea« for work, will bo used in the first place main for tho examination of the southern r bulro. A general review of the Victorian volu teers will bo held by Major-general Sir Trov Chute on Her Majesty s birthday, tho 24 inst. Three weeks ago a miner travelling from Grant to the middle Dargo fell in with a poor fellow who, in trying to make his way across to tho Omeo, bad been lost in tho bush for eleven days, without anything to eat but herbs and roots. He was in a very low con- dition, and had just scratched his name on his tin billy, and lain down in the ex- pectation of dying, there. He was taken by the miner to his hut, and a few days' hos- pitality set him up so that he could continue his journey. One of Robey's improved traction engines has been introduced, and has been found so advantageous that several engines of this description have been sent for. The Supreme Court has given judgment in the case of Davis v. the Queen. The plain- tiff had been refused by Mr. Justice Moles- worth an injunction to restrain the sale of part of Wellington-parade. , Mr, Davis had purchased in East Melbourne, fronting the parade, on tho representations,made by tho then Government that the parade would bo of a certain width-a width that the present Commissioner of Lands sought to diminish. The Court considered that tho same prin- ciples of common sense and justice ought to apply iu dealings between the Crown and a subject i as < between subject and subject. Tiley thought that the grant of land to Mr. Davis,took with it the right to the streot as {far as , the. centro ; that the width of the street was shown on a Government plan pro- duced at tho Bale,¡ which thus bound tho Crown ; and that ho was, therofore, entitled to his injunction. i A death, from,poisoning lately took placent Chiltern, where a lady named Lucy Carter, ( who was to have appeared in an entertain- ment at thp, local theatre on the following evening,' took an overdose of laudanum, which produced a fatal effect. There seemed reason to belieyo, that the drug was taken simply as ( a narcotic relief from low spirits and despondency, ,arid not with a suicidal in- tention. The deceased "-lady was originally Miss Milford, niece of the late Judge Milford, of Now South Wales, Nows from tho new settlement at the Northern territory states that the harbour is excellent, and fresh water abundant. There is a1 good site for a township with conve- nience of -land aijd watei carriage. Largo quantities of quartz are visiblo, and it is thought that the country may prove auri- ferous. The natives do not appear to be troublesome. " ' A remarkable case of conspiracy to defraud was recently heard at Mount Gambier Police Court. Four persons, viz., t Mary Toltnio (widow of Murdoch Tolmio), Alexander M'Rao (her brother),-1 Mary'Buchan, and nor daughter Marian "Buchan,' were brought up on the charge of conspiring to defraud William Tolmie and others hy representing that a cer tain(male childJwas bom of the body of Mary Tolmie. The deceased Murdoch Tolmio died in June last, leaving several sections of land, besides personal property. Tho quantity of land was about 350 acres, worth about £1 nn acre. William Tolmie, the brother, was heir at- law, and was treated as such by Mrs. Tolmie till October, when a surgeon, Mr.' Graham, was sent for to attend her m her confinement. Before this'sho had said to a neighbour she would give anything to have a child to share her .husband's property. When the surgeon attended her ho found the child already born. There' seemed strong reason . to1 ' believe -that ' she had not borne ' a child, and that ? she had merely passed off one as her own1 in order to keep tho property from coing to 'tho brother. Tho young woman Marian Buchan was discharged, the others' were sont for trial. ' A board of inquiry has been appointed to investigate tho alleged condition of insubor- dination-' and' neglect in' the Williamstown Railway locomotivo workshops. At.the* last Circuit Court, Beechworth, a man named Thomas' Griffin was sentenced to death|''for a criminal assault upon a child undor six years of age. 'The sentenco has 'beon commuted to imprisonment for life, the first three years in irons. ' Tho directors of the Melbourne Meat preserving* Company (Limited) received by the late mail from their agents in London the most "gratifying advices, to the effect that their exortions, and the policy thoy havo ' pursued' with a ' view ' of making Australian meat an article of diet for the million iri England, havöJ been success- ful very far ' beyond their most sanguino expectations. ' The agents had sold not only all the Australian preserved meat in stock in London and afloat, but had booked orders for this 'company's meat to the extent of 213,000 tins rof vaViouá sizes; in all 1.0D3,2501b.'í 'at"froEo>5id.'Kto G¿d. per lb, For more than 'a /week thoy refused to book any*more, orders, deeming "it ^better for'?the interests of "the company to ab- stain from committing them furth- r. Thoy can with ease dispose'of 100,000 six-pound tins per week. That our , readers may moro readily understand the magnitude of this new enterprise,' we have only to state that to supply these orders the company would require 25,000 sheep per week-about double the present consumption of Hol- bourne. This is nearly ten times the quantity the company, with its present appliances, can ) accomplish. ,, ', 1 On'Wednesday, May 19, the population of tho colony received an accession to its num- bers,, by the arrival of over.OOOjGovernmont and assisted immigrants in' the ships Cold- stream and Hougoumont. Both vessels havo had protracted passages, by reason' of the tem- pestuous ' weather encountered on leaving England, and also by variablo winds and bailling weather met witli at subsequent periods of tho voyage. The passengers, how- ever, arrived in excellent health, and their appearance indicates that every attention has been paid to their physical well-being on tho voyage out. -'' ' ' '," THE PARLIAMENTARY SITUATION. Wo take up once more tho theme upon which we havo discoursed so much in our English summaries for some months past. This is the, attempt of our Legislative As. sembly to purgo itself from tho corruption said to exist and flourish within its precincts. As the proceedings have beon going on some months, wo will briefly stato the heads of what transpired up to the departure of the April mail. When the M'Culloch Ministry was recon- structed a year since, Mr. C, E. Jones, mem- ber for Ballarat West, joined the Cabinet as Commissioner of Railways and Public Wortes. Mr. Jones was a political adventurer, who, upon his first entry into Parliament, became " whip" to tho then M'Culloch Ministry, but subsequently turned against them and be- came their bitter opponent. During the Darling grant struggle, however, he strictly adhered to the popular side, and this, and his evident ability, led to tho con- donation of his previous socesaion and to his re-entry into tho M'Culloch fold. His advancement gave groat umbrage to a largo party in the country, and when ho went to his constituents for re-eloction aftor ac- cepting office Jie was mot by a story of how, while in Opposition, ho had received £00 to agitate tho country against Mr. M'Culloch. He denied it, and this led to a series of com- plications, which resulted in his being sued for libel in the Supreme Court. This was tho coso of Alexander v. Jones, tried in March, and in which tho jury gave no ver- dict. But during tho trial hints were given of certain other charges of bribwy against Jones, especially in relation to a certain Quieting of Titles Bill, which was brought into Parliament some two yoars ago to serve the interests of land-certificato holders, and lost after its second reading. Tho hints ripened, and just before last Easter recess a Parliamentary committee received plenary powers to make a thorough investi- gation. Bcforo this Mr. Jones resigned his seat in the Cabinet and in tho House, and appealed to his constituents as against tho no-vordict in Alexander v. Jones. Meanwhile, tho committee sat, and its report was pub- lished at length in our April summary. It was declared that an association of land-certificate holders had been formed, ono of its objects being to corrupt membors of Parliament ; that Mr. Jones had received its bribes ; that Mr. J. S. Butters, member for Portland, had, before ho entered tho House, been its agent ; that Messrs. Hugh Glass and John Quartorman (both largo landholders aud settlors) had ac- tively aided in the administration of its funds; and that its treasurer (Mr. Ettershankj and tho other contributors had beon culpably in- different to tho application of those funds. Various other members of Parliament wero also declared to bo implicated, particularly Mr. Bowman, member for Maryborough, inasmuch as ho had made an apparently corrupt bet (although ho voted to loso it) with Mr. Butters on the passing of this Quieting of Titles Bill. In the meantime, Mr, i i ' j i j « ii I Jones was re-elected for Ballarat. Upon Par- liament meeting after Easter it received the roport, and Mr. Jones and Mr. Butteis both made long speeches in their défonce, but they were, nevertheless, adjudged guilty, and expelled. The April mail left us just as Parliament was set tq work to consider the cases of tho other offenders, of its own body. Dealing with these smaller personages did not take up much time, and was, in fact, all settled in one evening-that of Tuesdaj, April 27\. Mr. Bowman was much protected by his extremo insignificanco as a member, and Parliament contented itself with declaring him guilty of a gravo irregularity. Conse- quently, lie was reprimanded by the Speaker, and let go. The other members and ex members- oxceptMessrs. Snodgrass andKyte, deceased-mentioned ini the report were ex- onerated moro or loss from blaine, and then the Houso hastened, the same night, to doal with the more important persons accuied in the report. First among theso were Messrs. Hugh Glass and Quarterman, who had been examined before the "committeo,, but up to this point had nover been told of any charge made against thom, nor informed that they were on their defence, nor been allowed an opportunity of offering any defence, or of being represented or aided in any shapo or way hy counsel. At tho same time, it must be admitted that tho evidence, given before the committee was very conclusive, and the popular voice, echoed by every Victorian. newspaper, declared them guilty. But to pro- ceed. Parliament haviny dealt with thosmaller fry, tho first and second clauses of the roport, i affirming the existence of an association which adopted as one of its modes of actipn. the bribing and undue influencing members of Parliament, and that Messrs. Hugh Glass and John Quartorman, boiug cognisant of that, fact, actively aided in the .administration; of the funds of tho association, wore read by the clerk. Mr. Macgregor, a momber of the last M'Culloch Ministry, then urged that the House should not come to any conclusion founded on the paragraphs just read until the parties implicated had been summoned to appear at the bar, and allowed to make such statements as 'they might wish. This was, in fact, the parallel of the pourso taken with the offenders inside Parliament. Mr, G. P. Smith, the Attorney-General (who hadi been chairman of the committee), replied upon, this that the practice of the Importai Parliament was first to affirm tho finding of tho committee, and then to hear the, parties implicated in their 'defence, which course he proposed to take. Tho some view as to the practice of the House of Com- mons was taken by some members of tho Opposition, but one of the latter urged that tho accused members of tho Houso had been heard before any resolutions were passed affecting thom, and put it further, whether it was wiso to make such a dis- tinction between persons who woro members of the Houso and persons who woro not mem- bers. Tho Government refused to bo moved from theirpath, and theSpeaker supporting the proposed practice, the Attorney- Goneral forth- with moved a resolution stating that Messrs. Hugh Glass and John Quarterman, as adminis- trators of the funds of tho Quieting of Titles Association, did use them for the purpose of bribing and unduly influencing members of Parliament. The bon. member quoted from the evidenco at some length, in ordor to justify the finding of the committee and the resolu- tion proposed, and the motion being seconded by the Chief Secretary, was agreed to without a division. The Attorney-General next moved that Messrs. Hugh Glass and John Quarterman wero guilty of contempt and breach of tho privileges of this'House; that they be taken into the custody of tuoscrgeant at-arms, in order that they might be .brought to tho bar of the Hpuso ; and that Mr. Speaker issue his warrant accordingly. , This motion, like the last, was seconded by the Chief Secretary, and it.was carried, by a ma- jority of thirty-six to nineteen, against ,an amendment simply, ordoring the accused to attend at the bar ¿f tho Houso. This, con- cluded the day's business, for an attempts to take advantage of the early hour arid go, on with ordinary legislation was met by the ex- pression of a general determination, to do nothing till the Houso was purged. Next day-Wednesday,, April 28-the Houso , wns.crowdcd with its raembers^and strangeis in the' galleries anxious to witness the pro- ceedings. It was'felt throughout the, com murAity that .Parliamentary institutions in Victoria woro on their trial, and people were anxious to know whether the Assembly would havo the courago to punish the of- fenders with sufficient soverity^ and yet re- frain from mere' revenge. Both Mr. Glass and his colleague had been long regarded with something moio than dislike by the moro advanced of tho " Loyal Liberal" paity, excited as they wero by the eloquent invectives and vehement appeals for ven f eimeo upon the bribers, uttered by Mr. Higin otham. Almost immediately after the as ' scmbling of the Houso, the sergoant- ot-arms announced that both gentlemen (Mr. Quarter man _ surrendered himself on tho provious evening) wero in custody, and Mr. nanna then presented a memorial from Mr. Quarter man, praying that he,might he heard by counsel. On the motion of the Attorney-Go- neral, Mr. Hugh Glass was the first offondei placed at tho bar. The Speaker acquainted him with the resolution which the Houso had already arrived at respecting him, and asked him if bo had anything to say in his dofonce or in explanation. Mr. Glass, in reply, made a statement acknowledging that ho had as- sisted to maintain mombers in Parliament, but denying that ho had over contributed one penny towards corrupting or unduly influenc- ing members of Parliament. At tho samo time, he said ho was now conscious_ that ho had committed a breach of the privileges of the Houso, for which he apologised, and threw himself on the leniency of the nouso. Mr. Quarterman was next called upon in the samo way, and, in roply, said that ho did not feel competent to dofond himself, ropoating his request to bo heard by counsel. This last application give rise to a hot debato, and the Crown law officers wore eager in their refer- ences to May's Parliamentary Practice te show that such a concession was against all precedent. But tho Government, who al first opposed its boing granted, eventually made this cheap offer-that Mr. Quarterman might bo heard by council "in mitigation o: Eunishment," if ho could get such counso y, eight o'clock (a delay of two hours) Ho was, however, unablo to do so, and lol his case with the House. Tho Chief Secre tary then moved that nugh Glass and Join Quarterman bo committed to Her Majesty'i gaol in Melbourne, for ho did not think tim anything short of this course would vindicati the character, integrity, and honour of th( Houso. Mr. Macgregor moved an amend ment to tho effect that, instead of boing senl to gaol, thoy should bo committed to the cus tody of tho seigcantat-arms. A rathol lengthened debate ensued, which was after wards, on the motion of Mr. MacBain, ad- journed until the next day. Soveral moruben wero of opinion that somo middlo coursi might bo adopted, which, whilst not so harsl as the motion, would bo a moro substantial punishment than tho amendment; and the condemnation of Messrs. Glass and Quarter man, without being hoard in thoir defence in tho samo manner as Messrs. Jones ant Butters wero heard, was 'characterised as un just and ungenerous. An absurd propositioi was made by Mr. Bowman, whom com mon decency on such an occasion shoulc havo kept silent, to tho effect that Mr Glass should bo committed to tho close cus tody of tho sergeant-at-arms, fined £5,000 and, in default, sent to gaol for tho romaindoi of tho session. Ho, however, was onl; laughed at for his pains. It was hoped tba during tho interval moderate counsols wouli prevail, tho moro becauso Mr. Francis (lat Commissioner of Customs) warmly advocatci a middle course that would assort tho dignit of the Houso and save tho ollendors from til stigma of imprisonment in gaol ; but how fa such hopes wero realised will bo seen in th sequel. When the House met next day, Mt Macgregor so far altered his amendmont a to mako tho custody of the sergeant-at-arm a " closo custody." Mr. Fellows thon spok withconRiderablo effect, asking tho Houso t consider maturely tho course which it wa about to take, so that it might do nothing o which it, or some subsequent Assembly, m jgh hereafter bo ashamed. Did tho Houso desir punishment or revengo? He beliovcd on th part of somo hon. members there was a de siro for revenge ; ho contended that thopun ishfnent of expulsion inflicted by tho Hous on ,two of its own members was in reality n punishment at all, and argued that tho pun ishment to be meted out to tho othe offenders should in some way correspond to the action the Houso had already taken ii this matter, Tho Minister of Justice, in roplj contended with forciblo ¡(eeblenessu, thttf th custody of _ tho scrgeant-at-arms was but a sham imprisonment. It was evident, from the debate which followed, that some oven of tho most rabid Ministerialists were greatly' 1 averse to the extreme course proposed ny tho Government,' and yet it was admitted on all hands that 'the final decision of the House' ought to be as unanimous as possible. Tho1 chief arguments against the motion were ' that, in view of tho easy escape of Messrs. ' Jones and Butters (and of whoso re-election a strong expectation was entertained), and of Messrs'. Glass 'and Quarterman not being allowed to defend or explain their conduct, it was too e much to consign them to the ' degradation of gaol confinement and gaol discipline. On this point both sides quoted largely from parliamentary precedents, the > feneral effect of which went to show that the louse of Commons had exercised similar sc\ erity in times post. The great difficulty in tho way of the hon. members who did not allow themselves to be completely carried i away by the prospoct of a sweet revenge was the fear that, if no restriction upon the treat« ,ment of the prisoners were imposed,* an op- portunity tfould be given, and taken, for the gratification of Mr.' Higinbotham's vindictive desires. In the early part of the debato he had, with great asponty of language, sought to impress upon the House that the punishment to he inflicted should bo a "real ono-to bo j felt and remembered, adding that the House had a right to " exact compensation" for the 1 ' grossest possible insult " these offenders had - castuponut, and for tho painful task their ii ,c6nduct had rendered necessary. It was felt to bo some relief when the Chief Secre- tary, to, somoiextont rejected the counsels of, his excited supporter, and assured the House > that the prisoners would only be sent to gaol for detention, not to suffer the indignities of prison discipline. Tho,, debate,, which had been far moro acri-, 'monious1 than was consistent with the dignity. ? andiimportance of the position, closed shortly i afterwards, and the ( i amendment of Mr,, Macgregor was lost by( only five votes, the , numbers being, thirty-four to twenty-nine. Sixty-four membors were present in the House, , two constituencies, were at tho time .unropre-1 sfiiited, land twelve t members wore j absout. The Governmentrofused to permitan adjourn,« . ment, and eventually theirmotionwas carrig tho House beneraUy agreeing not to divide upon t it. Hon.; members thon proceeded to wind ,,up,, their week's business. Th«, i clerk , read the paragraph of the jroport, i stating that Mr. Ettershank (the treasurer of |, the Quieting of Titles Fund), and, tho other, contributors theroto, had betrayod tho most culpable indifference as to its application, h upon which the i Attorney- General raoved-r- , '"plinth in the opinion of this House, John Ettershank haying been treasurer of. the , funda of this association mentioned in the fitbt paragraph of the committee's report,, and James Winter,, Thomas Russell, W. S. Anderson, Robort Bruce Honald, William., Fenton, James White, and Edward Argyle, having contributed, to the funds of the .said, association, and having subscribed tho agree- ment set out on tho 61st pago of the minutes of evidence, aro guilty of a contempt and breach of the privueges of this Hpuse.", His object, ho said, was not to push the rpotion that night, but that the persons , mentioned might be ordered to appear before Parliament on the following Tuesday. This was agreed to, and the House roso till then. ; . But the English reader will naturally in- , quire next how, tho i proceedings above, de- scribed were regarded by the public. It so happens that on this occasion there was little appicciaM . difference of opinion on the prin- cipal question, and we, on that head, havo but one story to .toll,, Tho conclusion to which thot Assembly carno, was gonerally npproved, but, as .might bo expected, the manncrof carryingitinto offectwas frequently objectionable. On no ,provious occasion, sinco it commenced to work out its own pur-. 1 gatton did the House lie under so solemn au. obligation to proceod calmly and judicially, and yot one member , after another gavo way to feeling and ,tem por, until the law of Parliament carno to be administered somewhat after the fashion of Lynch law. But though the modo in which. the case for tho prosecution was conducted was to be reprehended, it did j not follow that, tlie punishment proposed]was excessive or( (hspioportioned to the offence of which tho , culprits .had been convicted. Mr. nugi) Class has long' been ono of tho most dangerous^ menin our community-,,. As an pxtonsiv.et squatter, ho has inteicsts that conflict with tho interests of the general public, audit has long been notorious that ho is not scrupu-. lous in his choice of moans by which to promoto his own views. Then, his business talents havç mado him a kind of loader among his class, and with, tho resources of,, the whole pastoral,interest at his command, his power for evil,has been practically un- limited. That ho usod this power to corrupt Parliament has been ,fully proved in the. Course of tho recent; intjuiry, and it was of the , last importance that his offence, and that of,, his co-conspirator, Mr. Quartornmp, should, bo visited with exemplary punishment. Novel tholess, the English lovo of fair play was shocked by the treatment of those gou tlcmen, who never had an, opportunity to defend themselves. When bofore the Com- plaint Committee they were morely witnesses. No charge was then made against thom, and they weio not warned that their evidonce would be used to implicate themselves. But it was so used, and the Assembly condemned, them out of thoir own mouths. ( When placed, at tho bar ofvthoHouso, it was only that they ¡might spçak in mitigation of punishment - not to explain or ", defend their conduct, or rebut tho chargçs that the committeo had pieforred against them., , In this view, the, spectacle of Mr. Higin botham deliberately calling upon tho House to help itself to its revengo, became ono that turned away tho sympathies of many who had previously shown a disposition to follow that gentleman through all his vagaries. , Parliament having decided to send Mossrs. Glass and Quarterman to gaol, thoy woro car- ried to tho Mclbourno Gaol with all con-, voniont speed, tho following boing tho form of tho Speaker's warrant :- . " To the Sorgeant-at-Arms of the Legislative Assembly of Victoria and to the Koopor of Her Majesty's Gaol, Molbourno. "Whereas tho Legislativo Assombly of Victoria did, on the 27th day of April inst., resolve that Hugh Glass and John Quartor mon wero guilty of contempt and breach of the privileges of the said Legislative As* scrnbiy, and wheroas tho said Legislativo As semtly bath this day adjudgod that the said Hugh Glass aud John Quarterman bo, for the said offence, taken into tho custody of the ser geant-at-arms of tho Legislative Assembly, and by tho said sergeant-at- arms de- livered to and kept in Her Majesty's gaol, Melbourne, during the pleasure of tho said Legislativo Assombly ; theso are, therefore, to require you, tho said sorgcant-at-arms, forth- with to tako into your custody the bodies of the said Hugh Glass and John Quarterman, and them safely to convoy to Hor Majosty's gaol, Melbourne, aforesaid, and there deliver them to tho keeper thereof. And you, the said keeper of tho said gaol, to receivo the said Hugh Glass and John Quarterman into your custody in the said gaol, and them safely to keop during tho pleasure of the said Legislative _ Assombly. And all sheriffs, deputy-sheriffs, constables, and other officers, aro hereby required to bo aiding and assist- ing to you in tho execution hereof ; and for so doing this shall be your sufficient warrant. "Given under my hand, this 29th day of April, A.D. 1809. , . i " Francis Mvmrirr, Spoakor. Thoy wero lodged in tho debtors' ward, con- sisting of two rooms- one for sleoping in and tho other for day uso-which apartments they shared with the only dobtor thon in durance. Being merely sentenced to imprison mont, they wero allowed to havo rations, refreshments (oxecpting spirits), and bedding sent them from outsido at thoir own oxponse. Their removal from Parliamont- houso was not effected till Friday morning, and in the afternoon Mr. Glass took steps to appoal to the Supreme Court for liberation. His counsel applied for a writ of Itabeaa corpus, which was granted by tho chief justico upon the affidavits of Mr. Glass and his solicitor, Mr. Sandi- lands. Tho documents simply recapitulated the circumstances of tho case. Mr« Glass's petition for tho luxbeos stated " Your petitioner, therefore, humbly prays that your honourable Court will bo ploasod to award and grant a 7iaocaa corpus under tho seal of your honourablo Court, directed to tho keeper of tho gaol at Molbourne aforesaid, returnable immediately, for the purposo of bringing your petitioner .Jjoforo your honour« able Court, there to updergo and receivo such matters and things as your honourablo Court may consider of in this behalf, and that he may be released, from such custody anbeten tion, and your petitioner will ever pray," &c.; And in his affidavit the set forth, besides other matters- «' X ^ » ^ x "7. That previously! to^my^aid'arrest by4 the said William George Palmer, sergeant-at arms, although I had betta lexarhined by and befoio the said c^mittéVaà' a'witness Und not otherwise, I \vas "ever' summoned or otherwise required to appear before the said Legislative Assembly or any committee thereof, to, defend myself against the charge of said contempt and'br'each of privilege, and was not, in fact, heard in my dofonco against the^samo jj-but, ,on the .contrary, was in my, absence, and^phoord, os^ aforesaid, so found guilwnof the; i,said, contempt, ^nd, breach ,of, prÍJaH?ú ¿A.>,\ .'i .- -i V, uVi . "/8. That in ( giving, my evidence as afore- said: before fhe said committee,,! freely gave the*,same as a witness, and|without,heing in- formed by the said committee that any, offence was-jltiid to my 'charge, or that the ovidenco given -by me would be at any time used agtun§tme." , , , Mr.! Sandilands' affidavit morely contained a formal statement o£ the fact of Mr. Glass's detention under, ajcertainiwarrant. ( It'was in this cwise that, on Saturday, tMay 1, Mr. Glass having been a day and a night m, gaol, his.case came to beyirgued boforo tho Supreme Court» Mr. Quartormam ib will be seen, en- deavoured tto propitiate the Assembly, by tem Íioranly.iavoiding a contest with, its rights, egal or supposed. , At the-very outset of the proceedings, even in .thoir initiation, the woeful incapacity of our-Crown» law) officers-so assured and all sufficient in Parliament, so helpless and in- significant 'beforethe judges-became euri* ouslj" evident. tTemple-court scandal con- tains 'i number' of funny little stories about thoi consternation of the Attorney-General when'ho found that the proceedings which he had superintended were to bo seriously sup- ported before the highest legal'tribunal in the colony. ' What he did in the first instance was to cause the sudden substitution of two war- rants-one for each prisoner-in place of that > already issued.' Secondly, instead of'appear- ing'himself in the case (it was afterwards urgcd"that the' counsel who supported tho validity of the warrants appeared, in fact, for i tho" gaoler; whom it was not en regie to re- present by the' Crown law officers), he " in- structed" Mt. Michie,iQ.C, and Mr. Billing to conduct the arguments. On the otherside were Mr. Ireland, Q.O., Professor Hearn, and! MííJiR. i iTravers "Adamson. We will not attempt to'-reproduce here in detail the argu- ment^, which'occupiod many'columns of the Monday's1 cArgus, and tb 'hear which the' Chief' Juáticé had i invited ' Mr. Jus tico',J'Bdrry and1 Mr. Justice < Williams. Tho objections taken'to the' warrants 'were firstythat they Were riotunder seal ; socondly, that they1 were general1 in their0 nature; that they merely specified that the prisoner had betó'adjuaged<*guilW of a contempt, and was thoreförd committed to prison, whereas thoy »hrfuldhave specified thegroundson which the prisoner was found guilty of contempt, to en »blfethe Court to'determine whether it was »ttcll'án'oflence'as th« Commons House could punish in'July, 1856, the date of our Consti- tution1 Act;'thirdly, that the House had no power ,to"«end to gaol ; and, lastly, that thon imprisonment was" indefinite, 'being "during!pleasure," nn(j _0t for a specified' period. "In1 support of1 these objections fre- quent reference was made to the case of Dill v. Murphy, in whioh' the publisher of The Argupl committed to the custody of the ser geaUt-at-arms for libel, disputed tho fact that the'Assembly possessed the privileged of the Houso of Commons. The Privy 'Council de- cided'1 against' The Argus, but Hilo war- ranta -on which .> Mr. Diil'1 was''imprisoned were^'cited as' essentially differing from that fused in' this instance, inasmuch as in tho former ' case there was a1 special warrant setting forth Mr. Dill's 'offence in extenso. In reply, instances were cited where the Commons had imprisoned in com- mon''gaols during1 pleasure, and whore the warrout was not undor seal ; and on the main point the argument was, that the Assembly Ïosscssed the privileges of the Commons in 8S5.1" The Commons could commit for a contempt'on''that date; thereforo, the As- sembly could also commit for' a contempt. Tho learned judges then retired for delibera- tion, and in the meantime an anxious crowd awaited 'the result, for the proceedings had attracted general attention, and though there was-hut little sympathy felt or exprossod for the prisoner himself, yet the fact that he had been'denied' the privilege of the smallest1 felon-who at least could demand a trial and a hearing-and the tremendous powor so pre- cipitately'exercised, went far to excite the popular mind. Aftor about half an hour the parties wore again admitted to the judge's chamber-where the matter was heard-and the Chiof Justice uttered his decision, which it will be seen touched only one Of tho points raised. ' Tho Chief Justice (Sir ' W. F. Stawell) said.-This case is of gteat importance, not mcroly as involving the liberty of the subject, but also.as 'relates to matters of extreme moment to our Parliament. I havo, therefore, considered it necessary to ask'the assistance of ray brother judges. The" case has been fully argued. Wo have conferred together, and we havo no hesi- tation whatever in the conclusion we have arrived at o_ one point,' which, in our opinion, disposes of the whole matter. Wer« I to^consult my own wishes morely, I would desire in a case of'such moment to put my opinion in writing,' but as while I would bi doing so the prisoner would nocessorily be da taincd in custody, I don't feel at liberty to do so. I ,have, therefore, no hesitation in at once'' expressing verbally the conclusion I havo1' arrived at. The act of Parliament which defines 'thtí privileges e'njoyed by the Houso of Assembly confers on that House the .privileges of tho House of Commons as thoy ' existed in 1855.' Thoso which had1 beon in uso before that, and had fallen' into disuse, those which wero not then in, existence, evidently did not pass,' and there can bo no question, from the decision in Dill v. Murphy, that all did not pass. In fact this has been conceded ; thereforo tho Houso, possessing only those privileges which were enjoyed hy tho House of Commons ' in 1855, possesses but limited powers. It is necessary that in the exorcise of such powers, some tribunal should have the moans of ascertaining, in the event of any person 'being incorcorated undor them, if theso'Htriits have beon exceeded or not ; and unless the warrant of commitment, or docu- ment by which hois incarberatcd,'_ discloses certain facts or averments, by which some tribuhalmay arrivo at a conclusion on these matters, whether the jurisdiction was ex- ceeded or not, it is bad. On tho plain ground that it is essential a warrant should contain statements aoraowhat similar to thoso sec out in the warrant in Dill v. Murphy, known as the Special warrant, or should, contain some general1 averment Or averments equivalent thereto! ' it is unnecessary now to consider whioh is tho proper course, or which would be sufficient. Both aro absent hero, and on theso grounds the warrant is radically bad-l-connot be cured. The argument with reference to the right of this Court to ex- aminó into acts of the Legislature is strictly applicable. If this Court can examino into the question, whother the powers conferred upon* tho Parliament of legislating for the country have been excoodod or not, it soems to mo almost to disposo of this question. If this-Court can considor whether'an act of Parliament is within the powers conferred upon ¡hat Parliament to máko, by parity of rea- soning this Court' can also conäidor whether a warrant issued within a limited jurisdiction is within those limits or not. It is unneces- sary to consider whother an act passed under the authority of a British act has givon the Assembly in this country the position of a court, or what position that act does confer upon them in regard to their being a court to enable them' to commit for contempt. My decision in no way rests upon that point. Whether a court or not-whether a court of higher or co-ordinate jurisdiction it is un- necessary ' to considoi^-the . Assombly are still exercising limited powers. Tho warrant should contain an avormont, or state the grounds which show that the limits possessed have not boon exceeded. This question disposes of the whole matter. It is thereforo unne- cessary to enter upon tho other points which have, been urged. In ray opinion tho prisoner is entitled tonis discharge. The prisoner was thon discharged, and the crowd set up a cheer at the appearance of Mr. Glass, whose unpopularity was lost sight of in tho triumph of tho vindication of the liberty of the' subject. Tho subjoined ox tract' from The Argus of the following Monday will show how clearly it was ex- pressed, on behalf of the party anxious to uphold constitutional law, and in favour of moderato courses, that the sonso of victory in1 no way involved tho smallost sympathy with the offenders;-" Nor was the point on which Mr. Glass was discharged un- stated to awaken popular sympathy. Englsh men are not unfamiliar with the words of an ' administrator of Roman law, when on a me- morable occasion he said,' 'Foritseemothtomo unreasonable ' to Send a prisoner, and not withal'to signify the crimes laid against him.' j Our law" has.'always been most prociso'and j careful as to tho authority under' which any subject! of tho Queen'is deprived'oí hls'libeítyj ! ¿t insiste not morely that'tho warrant shall issue from some competent Court, but that it shall be in duo form, of law, and that it shall expresssin distinct''terms the personwho.is Mrorjrisóned, the placVand terra^ot.hislm"' prisohnrient, 'and ,the j nature of'his ' offence.'. \Ve need not now! notice any of; the other ohjeqtionsv takon to'-the warrant against' Mri Glass. *.' The "fatal objection to if was that it disclosed no offence ;for which the Assembly was compotont, to p~unish it simply alleged that he was guilty of a con- tempt and breach of privilego, and did not state what were the acts which were thus characterised. The reason, for this reticence was obvious.' It was supposed, on the au tho nty'of English'precedents, that the Supreme 'Court would he bound to accept this warrant 'as it stood.' If the facts assumed to amount ,to a contempt appeared upon the face of the warrant, there was no 'doubt that the Court could deal with them, and determine whether they really did amount to a'contempt or not But if the warrant simply stated that tho pri- soner was guilty of a contempt, and gave no explanation of this statement, it was supposed that the Court must accept the statement without inquiry, and remand the prisonor. Thus, the other evening,1 in tho Assembly, when' it was'UTged that Mr. Glass and Mr. i Quarterman should be prosecuted at law, the reply was made that the offonco could not'bo proved. Tho general warrant, therefore, was iúeant to obviate this trilling inconvenience, and to enable the Assembly to inflict a punishment which, if the reasons for it woio known, the law would not pormit to be inflicted. Wo need not point out the nature of this uncontrolled power, or its probable consequences if it wero omriloyed, as Mr. Higinbotham proposed to employ it, not as almode of judicial procedure, but as an in- strument or political vengeance. If this war- rant had been upheld, lovery person whom Mr; Higinbotham could rank among his political opponents might havo been, in his absence and without any warning, pro- nounced by a House whoso duty was to vote and not debate, guilty of contempt, and might have been sent on tho first day of the session to gaol,1 there to remain until Mr. Higinbotham should at his leisure have completed'his 'legislative labours. "For- tunately, wo havo escaped this great danger. Tho ruling of tho judges on Satur- day afternoon not merely gave freedom to Mr.1 Glass, ' but abolished effoctually these colonial lettres tie cachet. »They held that whenever'the Assembly commits any person, it is necessary that the Spoakor's warrant should contain statements such as those that appeared in tho warrant under which Mr, Dill ,was committed, sufficient to show that tho offence punished was an offence which tile House ,of Commons would hayo punished in 1855, or, in other words,, which this Assembly i has, under the Constitution Act, the power to punish. While,' therefore, the Legislature retains 'all those great powers with which, according1 to the case of Dill V. Murphy, it has been nivested, it can ho longer' attompt to abuse th oso powers in the manner in which it is possible that they might be abused. Al- though the Speaker of tho House of Commons might isspe such a warrant, yet tho Speakor of tho Legislativo Assembly cannot do so. Tho Assembly has not all, the privileges of the House of Commons, but only, those which existed in 1855. But every limited jurisdic tion is bound to show its authority on tho face of its warrant,' and tho Privy Council has decided that this rule applies as well to colonial Legislatures as to all other bodies having a átatutablo and limited authority. But besides this consideration, there is, as tho Chief Justice observed, a conclusive 'argu- ment in favour of theJinquiry by the'Court into the sufficiency of the grounds of com- mitment. The Supreme Court may inquire, and has before,, now inquired, into tho validity of an act of the Colonial Parliament, It is bound to do so, in order to give effect to that section of'thb Constitution Act which requires acts upon certain specified subjects to bo passed in a specified manner. Foi- the same reason, it is bound to investigate the Speaker's warrant, in order to give effect to that section of the Constitution Act which i limits the privilege of the Assembly." When Parliament met again on Tuesday, May 4, it was anticipated that the Legislative Assembly would present a " scene." Contrary l to expectation, however, nothing was'done, ,and the crowds who thronged the Speaker's l(and strangers' galleries must have gone awaj somewhat disappointed. Immediately upon tho 'assembling of the House, the Speakei and the Attorney-General rnado brief state- ments explanatory of what had taken place since Thursday last, viz., tho issue of the wril of habeas corpus, and the discharge of Mr. Hugh Glass. Tho Chief Secretary then,' aftei alluding to the importance of tho position, and the necessity of every stop being taker only after mature consideration, moved the i adjournment of tho House until the folio wine day, in order'that both the Government and bon. members might have more time to deli berateupon the1 course it would bo desirable te take. In tho course of the discussion on the adjournment, the Government weio asked te order the release of Mr. Quarterman, but thoy declined to take that stop, since thal gontleman had already been informed thal if hp chose to make an application to the Supremo Court for his dischargo no oppo sition would bo offered. Mr. M'Culloch, however, said that if a petition was pre sentcd to the House next evening prayinr, for his release it would bo taken inte consideration. Tho House then adjourned and met next day in expectation tha theChief Secretary would announce the coursi which the Government would take. Durini the old privilego debates, when Mr. Higin botham was regarded as an oracle, sucl delay's always produced some trenchant roso lution couched in defiant language, ant much the same was again lookod for, but to tho general surprise, Mr. M'Culloch sim ply !gave notico. that on tho followinf day he would move for a select committe. to inquirfa into the action of, the Su prerdo Court in releasing from custody Mr Hugh 'Glass, committed for a contempt o that House, and to report the result of thoi inquiries and observations to tho House There was,' however, a debate, and it moderate tone, arid 'the evident pervadini desire to avoid an unseemly quarrel with th. Supreme Court afforded ,groat satisfaction ti all but Mr. Higinbotham'find o few of hi followers. The subject was Mr. Quarterman who, instead of petitioning thó House am throwing himself on its, mercy, chose t. apply to bo released upon habeas. Unfaith ful to his promise of the preceding even ing. tile Attornoy-Gdneral endeavoured, bu without success, to'obtain the consent o the House to appear against the writ which was returnable next day, but he wa refused. Consequently, when Mr. Quartoi man was brought before Mr. Justice Barr; noxt morning, and Mr. Ireland moved fo his discharge, no one appeared in sup port of the warrant, and Mr. Justic Barry said.-"It would bo quito unneces sary for mo to saV anything on this occa sion, but that I was not present whoi exparte Dill was argued and decided by thi Court in 1802. I have carefully examine that case, and I agree in tho opinion thor expressed by the learned judge ; that decisioi has not been appealed from. I took part ii the discussion of this matter on Saturdaj and I am of tho same opinion now as that i' which I concurred thon. Tho caso turned o: tho Sufficiency of the process. No opinion a't least, so far as I was concerned-was give ,on tho right of Parliament to punish for cor tempt committed oither within or outside ii doora. We expressed no opinion on the pr: vilcges of, the House, or on tho broach of th pnvilegcs of tho nouso. I have now morel to repeat my intontion to adhoro to th , opinion expressed ' on Saturday last." Th prisoner was then discharged. The sam afternoon the Legislative Assombly proceede to consider; tho appointment of the solee committee to inquire into tho question c privilego involved. The resolution was carrie without remark, but when tho mornhcrs wh it was proposed should constitute the corr mitteo wero named, some discussion aros -tho absence of tho name ot the hor Mr. Fellows, being particularly commente upon. The Government justified thoir actio in omitting the hon. member's name fror tho list by assorting ho was not anxious t maintain tho privileges of the House. Mi Duffy, Captain MacMahon, and some othe members, however, objected to servo unies Mr. Fellows was also on the committee, an ultimately his namo was added, that of Mi Blair being struck off to raak o room for hint The committee thon consisted of Captai MacMahon, and Messrs. Cosey, Iliginbotharr G. P. Smith, Fellows, MacDonnoll, Wrixor Duffy, Macpherson, Macgregor, Aspinal Mackay, Berry, M'Kean, and Wilson, an they "wero instructed to loso no time, but t meet on days on which the Houso did ne sit. It is to the crédit of bon. mombois on a' sides that wbilo tho matter was left to th committee there was no interiiji oxprossion c opinion or feeling., Even wheu-as will h explained hereafter-the Speakor announce 'tho return of tho writs announcing' the re election of the cxpollcd members, scarcpl any sign was madp except to postpprio everj 'thina till the committed had spoken. Fe 'instance, when Mr. Butters' return was ar noun'cod. Mr,. M'Culloch said ho regretted th course,which had been taken by the constitu .'oficies concerned"inreturning as their men bera persons formerly expelled by the Houso. Under the .peculiar circumstances of the ..case, however, he thought the House was not in^a position to take any action' until the I report of .the committco recently appointed on'privilégó was brought before the-'House, ]Htí¿-wished that tho bribers rand the bribed ' should be uniformly "dealt, with. __ Even 'thekrçtelectcd candidates" reEialned from complicating the question by taking their seats for the prcsont. The com- mittee in the meantime, ,weñt on with their work. The Minister nf Justice was ap-s pointed chairman, and itygradually-trans- pired, to the joy,oíJall, that1 moderate'coun- sels were to p^çivaili J Tho röport'of the com- mittee was preáonted on'Tuesday last (May l8), and thon it appeared that the main point in dispute had been how' the question of . privilege should bo1 tested. '? True'to his instincts, Mr. Higinbotham proposed a vio-' lent courso, the nature of which ' may be gathered from the fojlowing- portion' of a series of resolutions Which ^he pro- posed to include in the report1:-"You» committee respectfully adviso your honour- able Houso at once ty"«asert, its lawful authority, by recommittirtg'Wid retaining in cuätody the two persons' who have'been im- properly discharged, and' hy checking, if necessary, hy force, on tho' present and any future occasion, any attempt 'to interfere' with,'or 'defeat the right of, the'Legislativo Assembly to imprison for contempt at its own discretion, unquestioned and unquestionable! by any inferior tribunal." It was added, that ' the House was not to prevent anyone seeking Ids remedy at,law, but the point' sought to be supported was, that tho House was to contra- ' vene by force the décision'of'the Supreme' Court. 'Fortunately, Mr. Higinbotham' was again in a minority, and the foUowihg report was presented to the House ;- ' ' I. That by the 35th section of the Constitu- tion Act power was 'given to the Legislature of Victoria to donne the privileges, immuni- ties, and powers to be held, enjoyed, and oxorcised hy the Legislative Council and Legislativo Assembly, and the members thereof respectively, with a proviso that they should not exceed those thoti (1855) held, enjoyed, or oxercised hy the Commons nouse of Parliament or the members thereof. ' , II. That the Legislature of Victoria did, by Act No. 1, define the privileges, immunities, and powers of the said Copncil and Assembly as being the same as at the time of the pass- ing of the Constitution ,Act were held, en- joyed, and exercised by the, Commons Houso of Parliament of Great Britain and ^Ireland,, 'whether the same were so held, possess^,, or enjoyed by custom, statute, or otherwise. ,, This definition was called in question; bijt in the judgment of the Supreme Court, given after argument of the demurrer, in' the case of Dill v. Murphy, 1 W. & W., 362, Mr., Justice Williams said-^" Although at .first I was inclined to the-çpmion tjiat, the Imperial Parliament, in giving power to the Hous,e of, Assembly in Victoria to specify itsjprivileges and immunities,,"provided thoy werejnot.in ' excess of ! those ofi,the Hpuso of ijCotnrapus,, merely purposed to clothe the Assembly with privileges incidental to a deliberative body, to protect the members during the progress of debate,,and to permit thom to assemble together and depart without fear of arrest or 1 molestation : and that it was not the inten- tion of the Imperial Parliament to confer on the House of Assembly the (powers that the House of Commons enjoys as ,a component. part of the highest court in tho realm ; never- theless,/ on a closei investigation of the various authorities^ and considering tho com- prehensive nature of the 38th section, ' not ex- ceeding theppwors, privileges, and immunities of the House of Commons'-no restriction as to the House of Commons as, a deliberative assembly, but of the House of Commons generally-I am_ led to tho conclusion that my first impression was wrong, and that the powers and pnvileges of the, Commons Houso of Parliament, whether obtained by the kx el consueludo paqUamenti or npt-whether en 'joyed as a deliberative asserpbjy or as a com- ponent part of the highest court in the realm -are claimable by the Legislative i Assembly in this colony. The powers,[privileges, and, immunities thus conferred ou a young and,, comparatively speaking, inexperienced Legis- lature may be great -no doubt they are-put for proper uso of those powers the members are amenable to their constituents, and public opinion will, always exercise4, a salutary con- trol. 'On'^hoth^pointsj therefore, I consider the defendants are entitled to our Judgment.", And the samo case having been made ,the subject of an appeal it was determined hy the Privy Council that the Act No. 1 ' was a due exercise of the power to define given hy the Constitution Act.'-Dill v. Murphy, 1 Mooro, Privy Council Reports, N.S. 487. 1 III. That the practice of the superior courts of Westminster, in respect to inquiries into the validity of the instruments by whioh the orders of cither, House of, Parliament have been carried into execution, has,for centuries been uniform, viz., that where the,warrant declares that the person committed to custody has been "guilty of a contempt"-"of aeon tempt and breach of privileges," " of a breach of privilege," or " or, a high crime and mis- demeanour," without averring in what act any such offenco consisted, tho judges havo invariably refused to inquire into the causes of the contempt. , j , 1 In Lord Shftftesbury's caso (1675), Lord C. J. Rainsford said, ' ' He is in execution of tho judgment ghen by the Lords for contempt this Court has no jurisdiction of the cause, and- therefore the form of the return' is in- considerable. ' In Brass Crosby's case (1771), Da Groy, C.J., said, "When the House of Commons ad judge> anything to-be.a contempt or a ,hreach of privilege, their adjudication is a convic- tion, and thoir, commitment in consequence an execution, and no court carl dischargo or bail a person that,is in execution by the judg- ment of any o(her court." , , In IFlower's case (1779), Lord Kenyon said, " We were hound to grant this liabeas cor- pus, but, having seen the return to it, ,we are bound to remand the defendant to prison, because tho subject-belongs 'ad aliud In the case of Burdett vi Abbott (1810), 14 East. 147, Lord Ellenborough said, ' ' I agroa with Wright andfDebnison, justices (giving thoir decision in Lord Shaftespury's caso), in thinking that it need not appçar what tho contempt was." And again,'p. 150-"If a commitment appeared to be for a contouipt of the Houso of Commons' generally, I would, neither in the case of that I Court, nor of any other of the superior courts, inquire further." More recently, in Hobhouso's case (1819), Lord C. J. Abbott said, " It is incompetent for this court to question tho privileges of the House of Commons on a commitment for an 'offence which they havo adjudged to be con- tempt of thoso privileges.' We cannot inquire into the fenns of the commitment even sup- posing it to be open to' objection on the ground of informality. "' < ' In the caso of the sheriff of Middlesex (1840), the judges were unanimously oí opi- nion that tho return-sotting out a warrant declaring the offence to bo a conteiript and breach of the pnvileges of the House of Com- mons-was good, and that they could, not in- quire into tho matter of the contempt. And, again, in tho case of Gösset v. Howard, 2nd February, 1847, Mr. Baron Parke, in de- livering thó judgment of tho Court of Exche- quer Chamber, on the validity of the Speaker's warrant, whioh recited only that the Houso of Commons had ordered that Thomas Burton Howard bo sent for in custody of the sergeant at-arms, and which the Court of Queen's Bench had held to be insulhcient. said, "Tho House had an undoubted right to order tho plaintiff into custody, and to have him ' brought to tilo bar. and had also as much right over its own forms as any other court has ; it must ho presumed that this is the right form, being that which it has chosen to adopt." IV. That as respects ,tho forms and usages to bo adopted by your honourablo Houso in its proceedings, your committco would refer to the 34th section of tho Constitution Aot, which provides that the Legislative Council and Legislativo Assembly shall prepare and adopt standing rules and orders for pro- viding for tho manner in which such Council and Assembly shall be presided over, in caso of the absence of the President or Speakor respectively, and for the modo in which such Council and Assembly shall communicate (then foUow piovisions solely relating to legis- lation) ; and for the due publication of all proposed proceedings in such Council and Assembly, and generally for tho conduct of all business and proceedings in the said Council and Assembly; sevorally and collec- tively, such rules being approved by. tho Governor shall become binding, aud of forco; and until standing rules shall bo adopted, resort shall be had to the rules, forms, and usages, of tho Imperial Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, which shall bo followed so far as the samo may bo applicable, to the proceedings of tho said Council and Assembly respectively^ < > , i Hi execution of ,the power given by this section, tho Legislative Assembly _ adopted Standing Rules and Orders whioh,' on the 28th July, 1857, wero approved hy His Ex- cellency the Govornor ; and hy the 285th of 'tliise Standing huies, and Orders it is de- clared "that, in all cases, nott herein pro- vided for, resort shall bex had to 'the julos, forms, usages, and practico of the Commons Houso of,Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, which shall be followed so faros the samo may bOjappUcahleto this Assembly aád not inconsistent with the foregoing rules." ' That it would aptíoar from the occasions' to which soroo of, the Standing Orders \were meant tq apply that they'are not restricted to, ox adjuncts of, .legislation^ solely, but relate to the privileges whioh the Legislature were, by section 35, empowered to claim ; and on this construction it would follow that the Legislative" Assombly possesses j the same forms"1 and usages for carrying -out ' its de- cisions and onforcing obedience to its orders, as thoso possessed by the House of Commons. | V. That on the 11th March last a cotu mitteo was' appointed 'by you'r honourable i House to "quire into and report upon certain charges made public on tho occasion of the trial in the Supreme Court of Alexander v. Jones, so far as it related to the conduct and character of members of your .honourable House. This committee, on the 6th of April last, brought up a roport finding that an'as- sociation had been formed for tho purpose .f promoting the interosts ot the holdors of land under certificates, which adopted as one of its modes of action (of whioh somo .of its mombers wore cognisant) the bribing and undue influencing of members of Parlia- ment, and that Mr. Hugh Glass and Mr, John Quarterman being so cognisant, actively aided in the administration of the fund of such' association. Theso resolutions woro adopted by your honourable House on the 27 th of April last, and thereupon your honourable House adjudged that Hugh Glass and John ' Quarterman were guilty of a contempt and breach of the privileges of the Houso, and ordered that they be taken into the custody of the serjeant-at- aTms, in order that thoy might be brought to the bar of ' your honour- able Houso on the following day, and that Mr. Speaker should issue his warrant accordingly. On tho 28th April, Mr. Hugh Glass and Mr. John Quarterman wore broughtto the bar.'and, having been heard, wero ordered to retire in custody of the sergeant-at-orms ; and on the 29th Apnl your honourable House' resolved that Hugh Glass and John Quarterman, having beon guilty of a contempt and breach of privileges of the House, be for their said offence committed to) Htir {[Majesty's gaol, Melbourne, and that Mr. Speaker ' should issue his warrant accordingly. The form of ! warrant used was that employed by the House of Commons in the caso of ' the sbenff 'of Middlesex. ! VI. That Mr. Glass and Mr. Quarterman were, under such warrant, conveyed to tho gaol, at Melbourne, by the sorgeant-at-arms, and delivered to the custody of the keeper. . On the 30th April a writ of habeas corpus was issued on behalf of Mr. Glass, returnable be- fore his honour the Chief Justice on tho fol- lowing day, when, after argument, and being assisted by Mr. Justice Barry arid Mr. Justice Williams, the Chief Justice decided that tho Legislativo Assembly aro exercising limited powers, and upon, that ground, >nd upon that ground alone, he considered that the warrant should _ contain averments, or state the 'grounds' which show that the'powere had not been oxceeded, and declared the prisoner was entitled to his discharge. On tho 0th IVf ay Mr. Quarterman was 'also released from custody by Mr. Justico Barry, on a return to 'a writ of habeas corpus obtained by him on , the day previous, no appearance having been made in support of tho return. , VII. That1 the point thus decided appears to be that, in the exercise and enforcement of the powers possessed aliko by the, Houso of Commons and the Legislative Assembly, tho latter aro not entitled to use the same form of process as the ' former. In other words, that the Speaker's warrant, in. the Case of a commitment by the House of Commons for contempt and breach of privilege, is treated as emanating from a suponor court, while in the case of a commitment by the Legislative Assembly for the samo offence it is treated otherwise. ( , ' , i VIII. That your committee, therefore, find as a fact, that not only the power of commit- ment for contempt, but also the ancillary power of proceeding in cases of commitment by means of a warrant in general terms, has been exercised by tho Houso ,of Commons as one of its undoubted pnnieges down to tho year 1847. Your committeo contend that this privilege now belongs, together with the other powers and privileges ot the Commons House of Parliament, to the Legislativo As- sembly of Victoria. , , Your committee are of opinion that the possession and the uncontrolled exercise of thesefpowers and privileges are conditions .essential io the usefulness as well as the honour of a Parliament charged, as ours is, j with the function of making'laws for Vic- toria, in all cases whatsoever. "I think," said Sir Robert Peel, speaking of the rights of the House of Commons, " the possession of these privileges goes to tho essence of our power to render publici service." Upon another occasion the same statesman ob- served with reference,, te one of the pti- | vileges of the House i of Commons .- j "If the 'House of Commons cannot possess this privilege" (free publication) "without being held liable to bo questioned or con- trolled by a court of law, not only would I retire from the performance of my public, duties as a member of this Houso, but I think the Houso of Commons would take a fitting courso in closing its doors rather than by con- tinuing with maimed and mutilated powers to hola out the semblance of a popular insti- tution without the power of discharging any one of the functions which belong to such an assembly." These observations, in which your committee fully concur, apply with I equal force to the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, as it is constituted by our funda- mental law. IX. Your committee aro unable to recom- mend your honourable House to abandon tho exercise of any of theso high and nocessary powers, in deference to tho recent decision qf his honour the Chief Justico of ,the Supreme Court. They have considered the advisability of re-arresting the two persons who havo been discharged, pending an appeal to the Privy Council, but have arrived at the conclusion that as the difficulty now raised depends on the proper construction of an act of Parlia- ment, tbey aro unable to recommend your honourable House at present to assert the pri- vilege of arresting on ,a warrant in general terms-essential as, in the opinion of yourcora mittee, such a privilege is to tho proper inde- pendence of Parliament. And bcarine. in view the remarkable moderation and forbear- ance which the Houso of Commons has shown in modern times, in avoiding an open conflict with tho courte of law in vindication of its privheges while another resource was avail- able, your committee aro of opinion that your honourable House might wisely refrain from asserting that privilege till such time as tho judgment of the Chief Justice shall have been subjected to review by the ultimate court of appeal., X. And your committee recommend that the necessary steps be forthwith taken for obtaining such review. THE SKQUEL. , Affairs having reached tlio position de- scribed above, it is satisfactory to be able to state, that the climax has been reached, and that moderato counsels havo triumphed. Tho report of the committeo laid before Parlia- ment on Tuesday carno to be debated on the following day. On Wednesday, the Minister of Justice (Mr. J. J, Casey) moved a serios of resolutions which virtually adopted tho course recommended towards the conclusion of the report. They pointed in fact to an appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council as tho proper courso to take. Then followed a serious debato, which lasted two nights. Contrary to late precedents tho tone and tenor of that debate woro of a kind highly creditable to the colony, and to our colonial statesmen. The daring and revolutionary projects which were so popular during tho past four years have, it seems, lost favour in the eyes of our leading mon, who, albeit as strong and firm as ever in their assertion of Parliamentary privilego, aro not willing to put their causo in danger by rash assertions of power. The courso proposed met with sup- port from every man of mark in the House, save Mr. Higinbotham, who to the last urged Parliament to assert its privileges at once and at all risks. AU his opponents excepting Mr. Fellows, who had his doubts on the point-eipressed their conviction that our Assembly possessed the privileges it claimed, but they were for establishing their views without violence. Among these sup portersof moderatemeasures, Mr. Fellows, Mr. V\ lixon, Mr. Gavan Duffy. Mr. Langton, and Mr. MacDonnolI, besides the Minister of Jus- tice and tho Attorney-General stood, honour- ably prominent, and shortly before tho con- clusion of the debate Mr. M'Culloch, the Chief Secretary, in aspeech eminently prudent, sagacious, and practical, gave utterance to bimilar opinions, all uniting to deprecate a collision with the Supremo Court. The main question was decided i by forty-two votes against fifteen, and the Attorney-General was thett instructed to take steps to obtain a roview of .tho Chief Justice's decision by tho Judicial. Committee of the Privy Council. This will probably'be sought by petition. It bos been intimated by the Government that as the bribers bayje escaped, tho bribed;-the expelled membeis-', will not.be proceeded against, according^, previous intention'. In .the meantime,' Mr. Ettershank and the contributors to'the fund, summoned to the bar of the House, havo had their caso postponed for a month. It is nojfc hkely they, qr?Messrs. Glass and Quarterman,'' "will bo troubled again tul the Judicial Com- mittee have decided. ,-N 'RE-ELECTION OFTHE TWO EXPELLED \- ? ' - --'^MEMBERS. ! Immediately upon their expulsion Mr. Jonerwcnt before his constituents at Ballarat 'Westland Mr,rButters communicated with his supporters tit Portland. As to tho latter, it is suffioienlrto state that he was favourably received, his'<const.ituonta, appearing» to1 con- ? ?'aider that his i offence hadibeetu sufficiently punished, ,and, ,tbatl when x the u Govern- ment ,)vhip," Mr., Burtt,f , telegraphed ,to, the mayor to know',if a Ministerial can- didate ¡would1 bo supportedJ by the papú Jar, party ,'in'1 Portland," he received a prompt negative. Mr. Butters was there forp returned',without opposition! Mr. Jones's candidature' was 'a 'different affair, 'and its progress and results .stirred the country from on£ end to the other. ',Tho " Loyal Liberals " in different districts met and expressed their condemnation of, Mr. ' 'Jones', but thoso ' of Ballarat West received' him With rapture and applause. Seeing how mattera4 stood, the local Constitutional party, who 'had'failed to carry their candidate against Mr. JoUes'at the last election, took the stop of appealing to the 'GoVernmont to nominate a> candidate whom 'they pledged themselves1 to support against their general convictions/in'order to 'save Ballarat Wes,t from tho disgrace of being re- presented by Mr. Jones. ' With ' Quixotic courage and characteristic''rashness, Mr. Vale, Commissionef of Customs, 'and the other member for tho'éame'borough, ac- cepted the dhallenge, resigned his seat, and I boldly entered the lists, 'pledging himself not to contest tho remaining' seat if he 1 lost. ' It is telling an old story 'tho reverso way to narrate how Mr- Vale' lost and how Mr. Jones won. On this occasion the Government reaped tho bitter 'fruits of their own conduct. The reign of " Boolloo,'1 first'established under their auspices to'put doWh fair reasoning arid stifle argumerit/was reinaugurated against' them.' Mr. Vale was scarcely allowed an . opportunity of being heard, .and on one occasion he and 'his sup- portera wero pelted with rotten eggs'. The war !of abuse and election scandal,was tertific, but the Government fought "a losing game throughout, the Constitutional vote' alone saving Mr, Vale from being 'beaten threo or four timbs oVer. TheJrcsult' was' that over 5,000 votes polled, but Mr. Jones was returned by a majority pi 559" ,Mr. Valb''stulJretáins his office'as Commissioner Of Customs, and'is supposed to be'bîdinrj his tfme' till a vacant seat turns up. ¡ ' ,', , ?"' ' , THE VICTORIAN RAÏ.LWAY LOAk Further correspondence respecting thoi placing of the new. rodway'loan on the Lon- don market was presented to the Parliament j by ino Ticasurer'ontU 11th inst Thejebair- j man of Iho |'contracting bapks wrote1 to the Treasurer of Victoria under date, " Superin- tendent's Office, Melbourne, January 22," acknowledging receipt of despatches announc- ing the,authorisation hy tho Victorian Legis- lature of a loan of £2,107,000 for railway purposes, and that its negotiation had been entrusted to the six associated banks. Tho letter added that the debentures would, pro- bably reachLondonby,March. and that tho introduction of the loan would bo deferred until, then, To this , Mr. , M'Culloch re- plied, on |tho 26th January, regretting that any such delay should'truce jplace, stating that the course proposed was contrary to the instructions of tho, Government, and re- minding toe chairman that he had personally stated there would be no delay .on aqcouiit of ¡the non-receipt of the debentures. He also said that it had been understood that the loan was to be taken up by, instalments, in which case the debentures]would not .be de- livered until the last instalment was paid. The chairman replied ,to Mr. M'Culloch's letter on the same day, admitting most of that gentloman's statements, but stating his, inability to convey instructions to the London Committee of the Associated Banks at variance., with Mr. ,M'Cullooh's instruction that the matter should /bo left to tho discretion of tho committee. In this > letter an extract from the chairman's com- munication to the London, chairman Was enclosed. > This extract showed , that tho manner of placing the loan upon the market had (been left, tojtbe discretion of the com- mittee. Then followed a copy i of a letter dated "London, 30th December, 1808," from the London chairman of the contracting banks to their Molbourno agent. In tins communication the chairman stated'that the committee were unanimously of opinion that nothing should be done until the debentures were received ; that Mr. Verdon coincided in that opinion ; and that the committee re- ceived with regret the sealed letter containing the minimum price at which the loan might be launched. In referenco to this lettor Mr. M'Culloch wrote to the Melbourne ageut of the banks, under date 1st March, stating his inability to comprehend the reason why the placing of tho loan upon the market was delayed until tho receipt of the debentures, and that the ques- tion of the minimum price had been fully considered. The Treasurer also stated that the Government would not consent to part with the debentures at a pnce below their estimated value. Mr. M'Culloch also advised the London chairman, by telegram, that the local debentures of the colony had been sold at a premium, and that he declined to alter the minimum of tho London deben- tures. Letters acknowledging the receipt of the debentures were subsequently received from Lohdon, and a lotter was received fiom the Melbourne agent of the associated banks, stating that debentures representing £670,000 had ibeen sold at par, including interest from 1st January to 28th May, and that the , remainder ihad been with- drawn from sale,; pending advices ,irom the Government. In a letter dated April 24, Mr, M'Culloch expresses his convictionl that tho whole of the loan would, if necossary, bo disposed of in the Victorian market at a good price, i [Since I this correspondence was-published, the Govornment have received further ad- vices to the effect, that of the £670.000 worth of debentures tendered for, only ¿590,000 had been taken at par. The remainder wore unsold, and Mr. M'Culloch has announced his intention of disposing of them in some other way.] THE INTERCOLONIAL CUSTOMS CON- FERENCE. ' ' In 1863 a conference of delegates from the several colonial Governments was held at Melbourno, for the purpose of endeavouring to assimilate in some way the tariffs of the various colonies. A tariff was then framed, and somo steps taken towards the formation of a customs union, but nothing came of either the tariff or the union. In 186C the agitation was revived, but again subsided without any practical result. In November, ÍSC8, the subject came,up once more for dis- cussion in the Melbourne Chamber of Com- merce, and it was decided that a conforonco of delegates from the charabors of tho various colonies should be held, at Sydney. The Hobart Town and Brisbane chambers wero unablo'to send delegates." From Molbourno Mr. James Lorimer (presidont), Mesáis. F. J. Bligh, S. P. Lord. J. Strachan, and W. W. Couche, attended ; from Sydney, Mr. J. L. Montefiore (chairman), Messrs. Alexander Campbell, M.L.C., J. S. Willis, B. Molinoaux, and J. Powell ; and from Adelaide, Mr. John Hart. Tho first sitting was held in tho Hall of Commerce, Sydney, N.S.W., on the 3rd May last, and the last was hold on the 8th of the same month. The following resolutions were passed by the delegates : ? ' 1. That a commercial federation of all the Australian colonies would, in the opinion of this conference, result in immense advan- tages, direct and indirect, to these colonies, and its realisation is an object,Well worthy of the efforts of the various chambers of com- merce. " 2. That a customs union, with ono uni- form tariff, is, in the opinion of this con- ference, not only desirable, but tho most practicable mode of giving effect to the prin- ciples of commercial federation. That a free interchange of colonial products (for which a general desire has been expressed) is unat- tainable except by means of a customs union, inasmuch as the Constitution Acts of the various colonies, and tho instructions to colonial governors, prohibit the imposition of differential duties, and the home Govern- ment, through the late Secretary of State for the colonies, explicitly stated in his, despatch to the Governor of New South Wales, dated 7th January, 1868, that tho Imperial Parlia- ment would only be willing to assent,to the removal of such prohibition in .favour, of a customs union " providing for the importa- tion of goods from colony to colony, for an equitable division of the customs duties and 'for a uniform tariff, as between other ¡ coun- tries or places.' , ' 1 , ij ni" ir r i ' ; '[3. That thanet aggregjitejovenue of the proposed' customs' union' should be 'divided amongst the several Governments interested, in the ratio of the population of'their respec- tive colonies. ^. a . ^ '' "" \J ^ "(. Tháfy/while, the (delegates, now as- sembled tin conference desire to avoid any ^intcrfeionco Tv/itu the functions or duties of the Governments entrusted with the adminis- tration of' the' affairs' of the several colonies, thoy nevertheless considor it a duty incum- bent upon them to express an opinion that the adoption of a simple tariff of'fixed duties would best promoto the expansion of trade, tho prosperity of these colonies, and the rapid dovelopmentrof their varied resources. - "And thoy: aro further of opinion that any i insuffici|Oncy of(,tbo customs revenues to meet fiscal rcquirernenjts 'might very 'properly bo supplied hy direct taxation?1 ' ' M'li inv¡ "C. That, in the opinion of this conference, aconsiderable reduction of the charge for tele- graphic messages between tho colonies would' greatly facilitate the operations of business", extend trade, and lead to an incrcaso of that branch of the public revenue. , "OJ'That, in the opinion of this conference, ai groat improvement in the mode o£ conduct- ing ¡business would ho effected, ,and trans-, actions simplified, if all descriptions of grain and'flour were'sold at one uniform weight, and that i this desirahlo reform could con- veniently bo accomplished, by tho , introduc- tion of the spätem of selling per cental otlOO pounds. ' « ''oil i ' THIÍ WATERWORKS COMMITTEE. s 1 The roport ,of tho ¿elect Committee on Waterworks,' hppointed to inquiro into "the' conflicting'1 reports' of the engineer-in-cnief of railways and the chief engineor of'water supply.iwos presented to 'Parliament on the 11th inst. The report exhibits a natural desire to make the best of a bad bargain, and to pass as lightly as possible over the blunders, that havo been committed. But it states very ' plainly ' the unpleasant fact, that the country rushed blindly into a work of con. siderahlo magnitude, and that the cost of that work willcbe<somothing very much in excess of what was originally anticipated. Tho committee reports that tho Coliban i water scheme was undertaken before siilli-r ciently reliable, information was obtained as to tho quantity, of water that could be pro- cured, the quantity that'could bo'stared, or the "quantity which » the'' districts through which it passes, require for consumption." Theso terms are sufficiently explicit as to the'Hemority and1 'the '" culpable indif- ference", of the Ministry, on''whose ao>-, vice thq scheme iwas ,adopted. If jip. .pears that to'afford the estimated supply i of C5¡000,000 gallons daily, another reservoir capable of containing ''rather moro'than doublo" the quantity whicji can be stored in tho'present reservoirs, must be constructed on tbe'Upper Coliban. ? The expenditure, we I 'aro j toidi already incurred has far exceeded' : tho estimates submitted to the select com- [ mittee of 18G4-5. Referring to the Coliban, .embankment the report says-"It is to be regretted that when tho wc-rk was about to b9 i resumed, and a new loan asked for, which was afterwards' granted by your 'honourable Houso, Parliament was 'not informed of the estimated sum required to complote the scheme so far as to carry the water into Castlemaine and Sandhurst.' It is in evidence that a sum of £55,000 will bo required in ad- , ditton to the £170,000 authorised to bo bor- rowed for this purpose by the Public Works Loan' Act of 1868, which fact was brought i under ,the notice of tho Governmont before the passing of that aot,, To construct the Upper Coliban reservoir and other'works ne- r cessaryt to secure the maximum supply esti- mated, ,a much, larger expenditure than has yet been proposed will have to be incurred." i On the details 'of construction tho com- mitteo . prudently- declines to express an opinion, further than to recommend that the stability of the outlet pipe at Malmsbury and of tho syphon at Uack Creek should be se- cured btyond tho possibility, of doubt. It finds that the work, is generally excellent ; that Mr. Greenwood was paid at too high a rate for cef tain substituted pitching ; and that the Government had paid for sinking shafts , for which it ought not to have paid. It also recommends that, although the Board of Land and Works, on the advice of the chief 'and the residont engineers, oidered additional > payment for certain portions of tunnelling that passed through' hard' rock, such paymonts should not be allowed. It approves the con- duct of the department in the very dubious case of the abandonment by Mr. Q'Keefe of his contract, and it blames very justly the in- accuracy and the ambiguity apparent in the conditions and specifications. Finally, it suggests the appointment of a board of com- petent officers for the "more efficient supervi- sion of important public works in course,of construction. I THE LAYING OF TOE TASMANIAN » CABLE. The work of connecting Tasmania with the Australian continent by means of a sub- marine tolegraphic cable, was commenced on Tuesday, the 20th ult., and after many diffi- culties and delays, successfully completed by the end of tho following week. The Investi- gator, a steamship of 'somo 750 tons burthon, 'specially adapted for the service, arrived in Port Phillip on the 14th April, having the cable on board. Tho vessel was under tho command of Captain Cruikshank, and among her passengers wero sevoral electricians'and persons who came out ' to superintend the laying of the wire. 'Soon after reaching this port, Captain Cruikshank, accompanied by Lieutenant Stanley, of the Victorian survey- ing steamer Pharo3, and Mr. H. Fisher, the agent of tho Telegraphio Company, went to Western Port for the purpose of fixing upon the spot best adapted foi laying the shore end. An excellent place was found just within the shelter of the western head of the port, where there was a strip of sandy beach shelving gradually seawards, and free from rocks. At ttiis spot, which is within a few hundred yards of the embryo township of Flinders, and where thosea is always calm, it was decided that tho Victorian end of the cable should rest. The nearest telegraph station was at Capo Schanck,,seven miles distant ; but the wiro was cxten^d'from that place, and is now complete to Flinders. A temporary office has been erected near the beach for the accommo- dation of the operators and the shelter of tho instruments,' Having agreed as to the best point at which to commence operations, Messrs. Cruikshank, Stanley, and Fisher returned to Melbourne, ; and prepared for the work of laying. The Investigator got under way on Monday after- noon, and, followed by the Pharos, went down to the Heads, where both vessels anchored for the night. 'At daylight they proceeded to Western Port, the Pharos acting as pilot., Both steamers ,came to anchor in Western Port Harbour, and about half a mile from the ' beach at Flinders, he fore noon. , Preparations were at once mado, for landing the cable, and although a drizzling rain-1 set in, the work was com- pleted' by nightfall. The modua> operandi was as follows :-Two boats were lashed firmly together, a couple of stout planks wore laid across them, and upon tho'strong floating stag« thus,formed, a large coil of the cable was laid. This raft was taken in tow by another boat,'which was warped into the shore hy' means of a cabio made fast to a stumPj near the beach. Tho i wire was paid qut from tho raft as the group advanced to- wards tho land, and in a very short timó the end was conveyed to' tho sands. A largo number of men- seamen belonging to the two steamers, arid residents of the neighbour- hood- set to work, 'and dragged tho heavy coils up the hill which rose above the beach, and about dusk the first spark was sent from shore to ship. The operators' Tiouse was not completed, and the oporators weio put to great discomfort by the mizzling rain against Which thoy had no efiiciont shelter ; but such trilles^ passed' unheedbd ' amid the general rejoicing mt the successful inception of so important a work. The steamers remained at anchor all night, but early in the morning the Investigator,-piloted hythe Pharos, com-, menced her voyage across Bass's Straits. Tho wire was in good order, the insulation perfect, and the sparks received by the oporators at each end lemarkably clear and distinct, al- though only a twenty-jar battery was used. Mr. William Segrave was left in chargo of the Victorian end, having with' him a' Mr. W. H. Butler, as assistant operator. The Investi gator cleared the Western Port JHeads about seven o'clock, and at ton minutes past eight paid out the last of the shqro end-the vessel being then about six miles from land, Half an hour afterwards tho engines were Btopped for a short while, to enablo a third/turn of the cable to bo taken around the drum of the breaking machinery. At noon the Investigator was twenty-threo miles and a half from the shore, and steam- ing at the rate of about five and three quarter knots per Jiour. During the,day there were one or two triüing false alarms of some-1 , thing .wrong, with, the cabio or gear, and at Jour minutes past five p.m., from some inox , plicable cansp, the cable camp up the hatch- way So «lack that it run- between' an iron bar, placed áthwart-ships> to confine it in ,the grove of the spider-whee), and the wheel itself. The engines wero stopped, but not in time to prevent tho infliction of considerable injury, tho wire coating of tho cable being in. one place opened quito out,''and In others so flattened or indented asl to render it doubtful whether the wires would retain their proportv of conveying intelligence for any length of time, 'The engines \wero reversed, and all hands were set to work to haul in tho cable until it was ascertained that all the damaged' portion had been got on board. Tho uni», jured part was then securely mado fast, and cut oft from the rest, and', afteï a careful ex- amination about 120 yards of that ou'board was sovored from tho coil in tho tank, and (laid asido as unfit, for-use. Tho cable was then spliced^and tho voyage resumed, i ' 'At twenty'minutes past four a.mi-on Thurs- day a crashing noise, mingled with -*S'£ f splintering of timber an'd' the shouting ¡a rapid succession of orders and their re- sponses, and .ifollowcd by tho bumping of iheavy substances upon the deck, the stamp ing of feet hurrying to.and fro, and tho clat- tering of the engines as tfiey were successivoly stopped and reversed, evidenced, that somo lemergency had arisen. ' It'wns found that tho wheel known as tho gin, which had beon sus- pended above the briage,-was no longer in it« place, and the cable, instead of being sup. /ported by it,' hung from the bridge-rail down, .upon the deck. Whilst the cable was runninß out,-half a dozon'*mon'Jrangéd round'the i' tank were constantly employed in ossistinc it to run through the iron ring'oTerheai by-raisinu in succession > the flake Tia pro 'cess ot delivery. One or more of thoso had inadvertently raised the J'wroh¿ flake, and ' so caused a porjápn of the lower tjerpf cable to override the upper. The consequenc« was that' a bight'of the former' was carried ' up with 'the latter, and in the, moment which succeeded,, before tho ship's' way 'could bo ' stopped, some further fouhngs of a similar kind took place. As these swept nast tho i bridge, CaptauiCraikshauk, who.was.'standing there at the time, had a' narrow escapo from severe injury from coming in, contact with . their resistless force. °\Vhen thoy reached the gin'they tore it away from its lasliingd and boro it aft. At ten minutes past eight a m., 'tho, shnj>'.8 head was.ogtdn brought to her course, and she proceeded at reduced speed. At noon there was a strong W.N.w. galo with a heavy soo, the vessel being thon dis- tant H2J kn^ots from Flinders! and steaming at the rate of six,^ knots. 'The èable'ran'out smoothly »until a quarter'past''three1 p.m.1, 'when a fault in the insulation [was" reported, the ship stopped, and the ,cabla secured. Ia , , this position the ship's1 head f elloff 'before tho ' wind ; and as the seas struckivery heavily on ' her counter, Captain Cruikshank judged it ^expedient to cut the cabio and.tyioy the end, which was done.'' Two'buoys'weroput down, and i the i Investigator sailed i for I Low Head, ' where she remained until tho,following(Mon 'day.' ' - ' ' , The 'morning of -Monday, dawned dull " and cloudy,r with a light wind ¡from WiS.W. At daybreak, true, to our captain's calcula- tions and expectations, the red' flag of the ' buoy-lost laid, and, Borneo time 'afterwards, J the tricolour ofi the second buoy ,wore seen > -'directly. , About çeven ojcloçk, a boat was tlowèired for thepurpose'of -"getting,tho1 'buoy ion board. ' This' Object was'' soon accora-1 plished. and the mushroom, anchor brought up'with a piece of tho bottom, which'was ' ia sort of sof t silti thinly ^interspersed with marinen shells4-a substance'jin which a cable wpuld last for years. ,At a quarter 'past nine a m. the cable was hauled up [to tho paying-in wheel, over tho port how. At half'past i nine o'clock, Mr. Fisher'spoke to tho j Flinders station, and received, an answer immediately,4 the communièation being'perfect. A defect in the ' insulation being Jperceived, the cable was haiíjed in, and at ten minutes .past ten am. tho defect was"fourid. It consisted of a small kink, which being "tightened by tho strain in paying-out, had,caused thfs.strand of the1"external wiro to slightly separate, and so open a passage for the water to tho cover- ing of hemp.' The cable was accordingly cut ' beyond this point ¡ but, curiously enough, no appreciable diminution in the symptoms of want of insulation ensued. The ship,,accord- ingly, turned'ahead again, and the work of paymgjin was resumed, TAt five minutes to eleven a ,slight indentation of the external wires'was perceived,' and on stripping them a ' mark was visible on theiouter .surface of the i insulating guttav percha, such as might be, caused by tho^finger-nail' of an infant. As, however,'there was reason to beliovotthat this wasithe seat of the fauljv the cableowas again cut beyond it, and on a renewed application of the test to the submerged wires, their in- sulation was at onco found to be porfoet > The cable having been laid to within five miles of land, it was cut and the end buoyed. The next-day arrangements wero mado-for I attaching the shoW end,'which having been ,dono¡ the process of laying was resumed, the Investigator directing her courso towards the buoyed end. Many difficulties remained to bo overcome, however,' and though the ship carried the shore end to Ithe buoyed portion, the heavy sea running prevented tho two portions being connected. Both ends were buoyed and left until the following Saturday, .when the splice was effected. On tho same day congratulatory messagos were exchanged through the cable between the Governor of ' Tasmania and tho Governor of Victoria, and between the mayors of Melbourne and Ho- bart Town. Tho cable is now in working order, the Tasmanian ond beihg laid at Low Head at tho mouth of the Tamar River, close to George Town, whore the head offiço will bo established under tho superintendence of Mr. Warren. The value'of the cabio is 'said to be about £70,000. , ¡ , i . VISIT OF SIR'JAMES FERGUSSON. _ During the month, the colony has boon visited by the Governor of South Australia , t<Sir James Fergusson,' Bart.), who during his stay in Melbourne was the guest of'his Excel- lency Sir Henry Manhors button. ' Accom- panied by their respective ' suites, tho ' two <? Governors visited the principal public build- ings and institutions of Melbourne, including, , tho Post office, the Public library,, the Uni- versity, &¿ A visit Was also 'made to tho Fino Arts Exhibition ; and the Theatre Royal was oh one occasion honoured by the pre- sence of the viceregal party. , Sir James , / Fergussoivduring his visit, received the com- pliment ofa public banquet from the natives of Ayrshire residing in Melbourne, who mus- tered to the number of seventy to do honour to the representativo of their county. ' Mr. T. F. Hamilton occupied the chair, and Mr. James Service the vice-chair,'and tho com- pany included the Rev. P. S. Menzies, Mr. Riddell/ M.L.A., Mr. M'Caw, M'L.A, Mr. J. H. Blackwood, and» other well-, known citizens. In proposing ,tho toast of the evening, the chairman spoke in eulogistic terms of Sir James's early career, alluding particularly to his conduct while in the Crimea fighting at the head of his com- pany, and'whikf serving his county subse- quently as its representative in the House of ' Commons. (,Sir James responded in a feeling speech, in which he expressed his deep sense of the kindness with which he liad been re- ceived. Regarding Australia, he made tho re- mark that he was pleased to find in tho various colonies "so manjr natives of his own county doinggood work on thisgenialsoil-doing good work not only for thoir fellow-countrymen in Australia, but for their nativo country, to which these ' communities1 gave additional strength, in 'contributing so greatly to build up tho power of Great Britain. There wore somo who saw errors in the course of these colonies, who thought they travel fast-too fast ; but in a great and free existence, if there wero great virtues, there wore also great im- pulses. There wero signs of youth'which wore also signs of strength, and those who studied with any attention tho signs of the times, would find virtues manifest themselves in these communities which must succeed in overcoming any errors which might creep into .their real existence. What has. been the basis of our own country 1 Was it not that they found, as' their forefathers found for hundreds of years past, in. every parish, side by side, the church and the school, by the pious care of our legislators and the hearty consent of the people ; and here ho found in every district and in every corner, side by side-not by the aid of state, with the imperfect aequieacence of the people, but in almost every caso by the voluntary 7 acts of the people, who had given of their first fruits for these great purposes-these treasures of instruction and religion, which would sanctify their efforts and t insure the right bringing up of tho future generations. And, whilo he found so great progress made in the material interests of this and the sister colonies, ho also foundithe most liberal, the most enlightened, and the most extraordi- nary provision, even for the higher grades of education. Ho found hore a University of whioh tho earlier states of Europe might be proud. It was in suoh institutions as these, in the liberal provision for suffering, for .the independence of justice, and in the efficient repression of crjme, that he .found all those elements which conduced to the safety of a , community and'insureddta fdture prosperity. Sir James Fergusson] also' visited Ballarat an*, i Geelpngi taking! the latter town on bisway to Colncf, whcrD'be was7entertAÍned for,a day or two iby Mr.J'W.-Roberteon.m'PditherVpH»- . ceeded through Warrnambool, stopping one day atr.the residence of Mr. 0. G.iFinlay,. and j from thence to Belfast, where he took Bteamar | Jor'Adelaidë, having remained in the'colony ti little leas', than a fortnight. ^ ' < ' .'"THE BOARD OF EDUCATION. ' , The'Soventh annual'report of the Boaid of Education has jbe'on presented to Parliament. From this it appeared that the total number of scholars on thojqllsjorl868 Plwas 119,645. ?60,004 children were présentât roll-call on the 24th February last^ Of tbesb," 0,783 attended ono other school during the year ending ivjth that rday, 583 two other schools, and 124 threei other-schools, and in 561 cases it could not |)e ascertained whether or not tho child had attended any other school; Making the neces- sary reduction for such as attend more than «me school, it appears that 101,925 scholars «Mended common'schools during 1808. The number of children attending private schools is probably 19,009, and adding these-to tho number attending common schools, it appears that (out of a popula- tion* of 083.-997) 121,024 are attending schools, ¿eingj.7'70 per cent, or one out of 5-G5. According to j a return furnished by the lesistrar'general, it appears that the total ¡number of children in the colony at the end,of 1868j between five and fifteon years of age.lwas-boys, 83,958; girls, 82,949 ; total, 100,907-being a percentage of 24-40 on the total-population. Tho percentage-of children attending common, schools under five and »hove fifteen is sixteon, leaving eighty-four por .cent.- between thoso ages, equal to 85,017, or 51 "30 per cent, of the total number. Assum- ing!, tho same proportion for other than cora Tmon schools, the number between those ages attending such schools ia 16,043, or 9 G1 of the totft! population. It would thus appear that 101,600 children between these ogos wero attending schools, or G0-90 per cent, being ono out of 1'64, or ii ve out of oight out of tho .whole, number. Comparing our common schools with those of some other couhtries, it appears,that outof forty-six weeks, or230days, the average time for which common schools are open, the actual attendance given by eaclt'scholar on the rolls equals about 132 school days, or 26 2 5 weeks. < In the United States the attendanbe of each child is about 106rdajs j in Canada, 96 days ; aud in Eng- land, 129 days ; while in Ireland tho average attendance is only 34 72 per cent, of the num- ber on the, rolls, as compared with 48'83 in this colony. 'r ' The board has granted aid since its esta- blishment to 277 new schools, of which twenty iour aro now closed. From a tablo showing ¿ho number and description of schools in operation when the Common Schools Act came into forco, the number at the date of the late Royal' Commission, in November, 1866, according to the i »turns furiijñed to ihatbody and appended to their reportrund the number up to tho end of 1868, it appears that, comparing" 1862 with 1868, there is a net increase in the latter year of 135 schools ; that of tjiolgross increaso of 192 schools, 177, or 5219 per cent., consist of vested and non wested-schools ;_10, or 5 21 por cent., consist of Boman Catholic Bchoois ; while the re- maining 2*60 per'cent, consist of Congre- gational or Independent, Primitive Metho- dist, and a school for the blind. Of the gross dccreasê_pf 57 schools, 32 are connected with tho Church of England, 8 with the Presby- terians, 7 with the Wesleyans, 'and the re- mainder are Baptist, Lutheran, and com- bined. ' In' forty-nine cases, schools which were formerly connected with denominations, or wore known as non-vested national schools, havo become vested, and grants have been made towards the erection of new buildings or ifor additions to existing ones. In some few -cases properties which were vested in trustees in connexion with denominations (Episcopa- lian and -Presbyterion churches), have been ¿andediover to the board, and the value of the property conveyed bas been regarded as a, local Contribution, determining m a great measure the board's subsidy. In the majority of the cases, however, it has been simply a ¿ransfe/iof ¿salary from a non-vested denomi aiational school to a school vested in the Board of "Education. In several other cases the consent of the respective hoads of deno- minations has been obtained, but the cases are not yot matured. THE ROMAN CATHOLIC PROVINCIAL '_ 'COUNCIL, In our summary of last month we de- scribed the opening ceremonies of this council The remainder of the proceeaings belonged exclusively to the business of the synod. The council sat during tho whole of the ensuing week, deliberating upon various sub- jects affecting the church, the chief questions considered being the indifference exhibited by the members of the church regarding auixed marriages, and the education of tho ïoung in mixed schools. The session was formally concluded on Sunday, April 25, with ceremonies resembling those with which it ?was opened on the preceding Sunday. Tho council subsequently issued a pastoral letter, in which the system of educating the children in mixed schools was strongly protested ¡against, and the practice of mixed marriages as strongly denounced. Prior to their return to thur respective colonies and districts, the various bishops and ecclesiastics wero ontor -tained at luncheon by the Roman Catholic laity in the Eastern-hill Orderly- room. Tho company, which included most of the leading Catholics of Melbourne, and numbered nearly 200, was presided over by the Hon. John O'shanassy. 1 THREE MURDERS. Tho oft-repeated observation respecting the epidemic character of certain crimes, has been painfully illustrated this month, by j the occurrence of three murders^n this small community. The first was discovered on the 15th inst., when the body of a woman who had heen killed by strangulation was found on the dried swamp at tho rear of the military barracks. On the 12th inst., or just a week later, a man named William Danaher was murderously assaulted at Chillwell, Geelong, by anqther man named Fuller, receiving wounds of which he died two days afterwards, .On the day that tho news of this occurrence reached Melbourne, tho town fräs still more painfully shocked to hear that tho'Rev. W. Hill, a Wesleyan minister, had been murdered by a supposed madman, whilo,performing his ministrations in Pentridge Gaol. Wo append details of theso unfortunate occurrences : ~ THE'SWAMP MUBOEB. Eai)y on the morning of the öth inst., the body of a woman was discovered by a herd boy lying-in the piece of waste land at the back of tho barracks, and about 100 yards from the Sandridge-road. From the appear- ance of the body, and the marks on the .ground clearly showing that a struggle had taken place, it was evident that the woman had been murdered. The post-mortem ex- amination showed that death was caused by suffocation from throttling, tho marks of .fingers being plainly visible. Tho body was identified as that of Bridget Mana Lynch, the wife of a cabinet-maker living in Latrobe street, from whom she had beon separated about a month, when tho murder took place, the cause jDf the separation being the woman's drunken and I dissolute conduct. Since then she had ¡been living a vagabond life, without home or occupation, consorting with tho lowest and most depraved characters about town. At first suspicion fell upon,the husband, and ho was at once brought up at the Detective-oiHce ; but his innocence was so ?clearly proved that ho was immediately re- leased. A bushman named Kelly was arrested at Kilmore, as answering'the description of a man seen by a woman of the town with the deceased the night before the murder. Kelly was brought up before the police- court, and as there was not the slightest evidence againát hhjj, hc> was discharged. A' soldier in tho 14th Regiment, named John Carroll, was also arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the murder, but there being no evidence tending to criminate him in the affair, he was banded over to the military authorities as a deserter. A, fourth arrest has been made of one Thomas Daly. The inquest disclosed some curious features in tho life led by the vagrants of Melbourne, showing that a large class live without homo or occupation, sleep- ing at night in the various reserves round the city. At the adjourned inquest the evidence made out a prima facie case against the pri- soner Daly, against whom the jury returned a verdict of "Wilful Murder," on which ho has been committed for trial. TUE CHILWELL MUBOER. An assault of a murderous character, which resulted in a fatal termination, occurred at Chilwell, near Geelong, on the 13th inst. The victim was a person named William Danaher, aged about forty-two years, stated to havo been a soldier in the 18th Royal Irish Regiment, who had served in the Crimea, and lately carno to Geelong from In- verleigh, where he had been employed as contractor's l labourer. Ho resided with a person named Dempsey, in Chilwell, and there formed the acquaintance of a man named Edward Fuller, a carter,' in the employ, of Mr. Walker Roberts. This man had .been- living for some time with Mrs. i'aller, wife of his brother, who was some years since-welUto tdo at Ballarat/ bat whoi ' ¡went to New Zealand,, leaving his wife, who it is stated had acted improperly, in .Victoria. Sho came to Goolong, and had' been cohabiting with her husband's brother. Sho had a child about nino months old, the? result of this intercourse, and one five years old by her husband. Fuller became jealous of Danaher, and observing him with his para- mour proceeding to town ono day, ho fol- lowed, when tho two men hod some angry words together, followed by Danaher giving his oxpostulator a severe thrashing. On the night in question Fuller, on reaching homo, found Danaher, Dempsey, and the wife sitting together. He, referring to Danaher, asked the woman which was to stop in the houso. She said nothing, and Danaher asked him to bo quiet. Fuller then went into the bedroom with the view, it is presumed, of getting his ' clothes, when the woman followed: with the child, saying he had better take it also. He said nothing, but observing an axo which had that day been borrowed by Danahor from Dempsey, for tho purpose of cutting wood, seized it, and aimed a blow at the head of Danaher. He then struck him thrice, twice after ho was down, causiug a compound com- minuted depressed fracture of tho skull, tho head being fearfully cut in several places. Tho wounded man was taken in an insensible state to tho hospital, and Fuller was shortly afterwards apprehended. , , Danaher died two days afterwards, and Fullor was brought up as a prisonorat the in- quest. Tho evidence was conclusive, and a verdict of "Wilful Murder" was returned, upon which Fuller was committed to' take his trial. It appeared that the act was com- mitted while tho prisoner was in a state of | frenzy from jealousy and rage, and scarcely i aware of what ho was doing. On tho following Sunday, the woman i Fuller, from some unaccountable notion, set fire to the houso in which the crime was com- mitted, and she is now in gaol on the .ohargo of arson. ., , ' THE MURDEH AT PENTRIDOB. r A most painful feeling was produced in Melbourne hy the news which carno in on the 13th inst.. that tho Rev. William Hill, Wes leyan minister of the church in Brunswick street, Fitzroy, had been murdered by a prisoner in Pontridgo penal establishment whom he was visiting in tho course of his duty. The murderer was George Ritson, a young man who was in gaol under sentence,, for shooting at and dangerously wounding Mr. Kinsella, inspector of the market, a crime for which there was no apparent motive, and which, at the time, was, considered very much ,liko tho act of a madman. It appears tolerably clear, from the evidence given at the. inquest, .that the deceased gentleman was attacked immediately on entering Ritson's cell, arid the murderous assault was probably begun while ho was closing the door, with his back towards the prisoner. Tho weapon used waa an iron binge «strap, some eight or nine inches long, which Ritson had removed from his bed board1 by taking the nuts from the sciöws that held it by means of a small piece of wood which ho had apparently picked up in the yard and grooved for tho purpose. The deceased had not been in the cell four minutes before assistance came, but in that short space of time the prisoner had inflicted no less than twenty-five cuts on his head, and eight or nine m one place, completely smashing the back part of his skull. Death followed almost instantly, the unfortunate gentle- man only having time to utter the words, "The Lord have mercy," which weiro heard by tho prisoner in the , next cell, who thought the disturbance which had reached his ears was occasioned by Ritson being taken with a fit. When seized by the warders, Ritson gibbered like an idiot, and continued to conduct himself uko a lunatic for some hours afterwards, when ho returned to his usual rational state. He, presented a very unconcerned appearance before the coroner, and showed no indication of insanity, beyond a slight twitching of the mouth, and a frequent smile. He wore a very sol f-satisfied and good-humoured look throughout, but evidently listened to and thoroughly under- stood all that was said. When asked by the coroner if-he had any questions to put , to the witnesses, he replied each time, iu a full-toned voice, "No, sir, thank you ;" and when, at the closo of the evidence, he was called upon to state anything ho had to say, ho answered, with a proper appreciation of future proceedings, " I would rather say nothing at present, sir." During the six months he has been in Pontridgo ho has borne an excellent character, and has dis played much more than ordinary industry . and ingenuity in executing tho work which has been given to him. The inquest'termi- nated, in a verdict of " Wilful Murder," and the prisoner now awaits trial on thatjeharge^ The Rev. William Hill, who was'thus cut off by the hand of an assassin, was aged about forty years, and was at the time of his death in the position of superintendent of the Col- lingwood circuit, and also acted as editor of the Wesleyan Chronicle. His funeral took Elnco on Saturday lost, the funeral services eing performed by the Revs, J. S. Waugh, J. Dare, J. Egglestono, and - King. The fol- lowing gentlemen acted as pall-bearers :-Dr. Towle, Messrs. A. Fraser, T. W. Draper, T. 'J. Sumner, - Johns, A. Booth, R. Neale, and'R. M. L. Kitto. Subsequently to the funeral, about fifty gentlemen assembled in the Brunswick-street Church, to initiate a movement for raising a fund on bohalf of the orphan children of deceased, and already a considerable sum has been raised. The Chief Secretary has also promised in Parlia- ment that a sum shall be placed on the Esti- mates for the same purpose. BANK ROBBERY AT EGERTON. A deliberately-planned and coolly-executed robbery was perpetrated on the 8th inst. at the Egerton branch of the London-Chartered Bank of Australia. Shortly after ten o'clock in the evening, a young man, named Louis W. .Brnun, who was in charge of the branch bank ' gave information at the works of^ the Ercil- doun Company, that the bank had been robbed, and made the following statement of tho circumstances :-Ho was in the act of opening the door of the' bank, having just returned from paying a visit in the township, when "a man suddenly ap- proached from behind, and told'him not to niako any noise, or he wouBL knock him down, at the same time holding a cocked re- volver to his head. The robber secured the only weapon in the plabe, and bandaging Bruun's eyes, forced him in that condition to unlock tho safe, the contents of which the robber placed in two bags, and slung across his shoulders. He then took Bruun into the bush, saying he would bo obliged to tie him up to a tree, but, on being told that Bruun was suffering from illness and had a soro throat, he said he would lock him up in the common schoolroom for the night. They went into the school, where, having got some paper, Bruun wrote from the robber's dicta- tion the following statement :-" I boroby certify that L. W. Bruun has done every- thing in his power to withstand our intrusion and the taking away of the money, which was done with firearms." This paper the robbor signed with tho name " Captain Moonlite." lie then tied Bruun's wrists together, and took his departure. When he had been gone a short time, Bruun managed to cut the cord with a penknife, which he had secreted in his hat, ana> immediately on gaining his liberty he ran to* the works of the Ercildoun Company and' gave the alarm. Bruun described the robber as short in stature, and of stout build ; his face was blackened, but whether from colouring or being covered with crape he could not say; from his voice, ho thought he was an Irishman. Bruun says that when the money was taken from tho safo he told the robber that £10 Ins. ;of it belonged to him, upon which "Moonlito" gave him hack that amount, saying he did not want to rob him, but the bank. Close to the bank, which is a wooden building, is a store kept by a Mr. Tanner. He remembored hearing voices in the bank on the night the robbery took place, but ho paid no attention to the matter. Two gentlemen, named Sutherland and Anketell, belonging to tho Egerton branch, wero absent at Gordon at the time of the robbery. The value of the property stolen amounts to about £1,100, and consisted of Tetorted gold, sovereigns, and notes. Information was at once given to all tho police stations in the neighbourhood, and a sharp look-out was kept to arrest the robber, while the bush round Egerton was diligently searched to ascertain if the gold and notes wero planted. On the 11th inst., the police arrested Bruun and Simpson, the school roaster of tho place, with whom Bruun lodged, on a charge of having committed tho robbery. They were brought up at the police court, and remanded for a fortnight. Nothing further has been made public as to the results of the police icsearches The stolen money, &c;, have not yet been found. NEW ZEALAND AFFAIRS. The Princo's visit has, of course, created considerable stir among tho people of New Zealand, who received His Royal'Highness with all those 'demonstrations ,of, welcome and loyalty which have been bestowed upon him hi other places, i Thd Galatea Jarrivcd at ^Wellington tat half-past eloven o'clook oh" Sunday, tho 11th April, and so loyal woro tho people that they deserted tho churches in the most unceremonious and undovout mannor, "awarrning upon tho wharves in a state of intense excitement." The wholo town was ovèrêdwitH flags and evergreens ; and ipro-"~ parations were made for bonfires, balls, races, regattas, levees, and tho usual festivities wherewith colonists delight to ' honour Royalty. His Royal Highness went to Dun- edin on the 25th April, and was treated'in a 'Similarly handsome mannor there as one may expect ho will be at Auckland, Canter- bury, Otago, and Hokitika, which places ho proposed to visit. ' ' r i Unpleasant news haVo been received from Napier./ To Kooti and To Waru, tho hoads of the main bands of rebels, wore supposed to be very ¡short of ammunition, put news carno "to" hand that theso rebels had successfully attacked Mohaka, a post only forty miles distant from the town of Napier, Hawke's Bay Province, and secured a largo supply of tho much-wanted ammunition. This occurrence-the full extent of which is 'not yet known-seems to prove the coriect n'ess of Mr.' M'Lean's objection to allow the removal of the Ngatiporou tribe of friendhos from tho East to the West Coast, for giving which objection practical force and keeping back the mon, Mr. M'Lean was dismissed from the office of agent for the General i Government on tho East Coast. It is a most I unfortunate thing that, timo after time, as something bright arises, it is followed ,by a reverso of some kind, or a mistaken move- ment, which gives tho rebels fresh courage. In our last summary it was stated that Colonel Whitmore had driven Tito Ko waru back from the Patea district, and that the rebels had fled. Ho re- solved to follow them, and pass from tho Patea district to New Plymouth. Fearing , that Tito 'might escape, ho sent word to Taranaki, requesting that a body of militia | should go by tho mountain road to intercept the rebels. This body was prepared, and a messenger was despatched to Whitmore in- forming him that ,they would begin,thoir march that morning. The Superintendent of Taranaki, however) in conjunction with the native commissioner (Mr, Parris), consulted some so-called friendly chiefs, who at once opposed the idea of sending this force, on tho 'ground that it would affect the friendly t natives, and induce them to fight on Tito K'owaru's side And so the force was coun- termanded, and did not go. But it turns out that ono of the chiefs, Mahau, who gave this advice, was tho " very near relative" of Tito ICowaru, and had made an agreement with I him not to allow of his (Tito) being attacked i from the Taranaki sido : and, worst of all, 1 the Superintendent of ' Taranaki know tho fact. To add to existing troubles, land disputes, not between Europeans and natives, but be- tween native tribes'themselves, havo anseu, and, (unfortunately, the settlement of these disputesfalls to a native land court. But tho tribe which loses won't yield, but wish to fight about it. This has occurred in Auckland, regarding a valuable tract of land called Aroah, extending to about 100,000 acres, claimed by the Ngatimaru tribe, and also by the Ngatihaua. The evidence turned on the native tenure of land, tho right of conquest being the point in this case. Had Ngatimaru I been conquered by the Ngatihaua ! 1 ho court, hold that thoy were conquered in 1840, and' adj udged tho land to belong to the conquering tribe. A great commotion followed-threats, i disorder, and war dances. I i Te Kooti was shet in a treacherous attack upon a friendly pa, which was obstinately de- fended by its bttlo garrison. At sundown To Kooti called out-" Stop fighting ; let us make peace ¡" and was admitted into the pa. There a fight took place, in which Te Kooti was shot dead by a friendly native named Ruteno. So at least it was reported in a most circum- stantial manner, jmd apparently upon good authority, but it appears by later news that To Kooti is still alive. The gold-fields of the colony are improving. Not a feyv of the claims on the Auckland diggings are producing a handsome yield. The Golden Crown claim yielded a dividend for the month of February of £800 persharo. Hunt's claim has produced in about fifteen months over £30,000. Now that there is less of hot speculation and moro of real work on the Auckland diggings, there are larger workings and moro gold is being exported. A patch in Hunt's claim produced £1,600 worth of gold. A "specimen" was lately taken from the Missouri claim , worth £3,500; and Hunt, it is reported, offered £10,000 for a half- share in the claim. On the 10th March the Countess of Kintore took 14,000oz. of Thames gold from Auckland, and on the 20th tho Queen Bee took G.OOOoz. On ike West'coast or~the"Middle Island'there is no fallipgaway, of the produce, but now leads are being discovered. Hokitika is not quite so brisk asi it has been, but it is still export- ing gold largely, and so are tho other ports Of Greymouth, Charleston, and Westport. The New Zealand papers discuss the infor- mation brought to hand by tho April mail that there was no hope of any aid ,boing obtained fiom the Imperial Government in putting down the rebellion. The general feeling seems to be in favour of accepting1 the whole responsibility, and putting forth addi- tional energies to meet it, The> .Nelson Examiner says :-' ' As we never believed in thb efficacy of British troops in the warfare wo are engaged in, we cannot regret the decision come to by the home Government. We have seen the experiment tried, and are suffering now from the consequences of i the failure, But we are glad the colony has been saved tho humiliation of asking for help and being refused." The ' Wellington Independent writes :-"The colony is at the present momont undergoing the bitterest period of its trial. If the people of thb North Island thoroughly recognise the fact that they are embarked upon a struggle for their very existence ; that no aid will be forthcoming from the Imporial Government, however humiliating moy be our submission and however abject our appeals ; that tho struggle in which we are engaged eau never bel brought to an end until we have either exterminated the Hau-haus, or so decimated them as 'to render them impotent to do further harm ; if, we say, all this bo horne in mind, then the colonists will come to the conclusion that there is nothing for it but either to abandon the North Island-to sacrifice the fruits of many years' laborious industry, to see ourselves turned adrift upon the world, with wives and little ones, and all whom we hold dear ; or to gird up our loins, make this war a national business, follow up the enemy from day to day, and deal with him as a wild beast, which should be shot down wherever encountered." THE NORTHERN TERRITORY EXPE- DITION. Our Adelnido correspondent, writing on April 25, gives tho following interesting ac- count of the progress of this expedition ; It is not any pressure of local news which has induced me to anticipate by a weak my usual letter-d ay. Adelaide itself is placid and self-complacent, as becomes the season. But she has had a visitor who claims special honour, being from no less romantic a part of .tué world than tho Northern Territory. On Friday last the Moonta.in which Mr. G oydor's expedition sailed for Port Darwin, ro rained to Wallaroo with a budget of news which has given a now phase to Northern Territory, order-holders. The bare facts, as'they might be collated from the ship's log, aro that the 'Moonta, having cleared Kangaroo Island on the morning after Christ- mas, made an excellent run to Port Darwin in forty days-the shortest time that has yet been recorded ; that sho landed her passongers and stock in excellent order, and cleared ull ber caTgo within three weeks ; that after waiting another week for tho Gulnare, which followed her. she weighed anchor again on the 5th March, and arrived again in South Australian waters on the forty-eighth day. She has thus accomplished the round voyage in > rather less than four months, without casualty or mischance of tho most trifling kind. So much for theMoonta's log. Mr. Goyder's curt despatch continues the narrativo in a still more cheerful stylo. Tho oponing son tenco speaks volumes to thoso who remember anything about the expedition of 1864. "I have tho honour to report that after a plea- sant voyage, wholly freo from differences or disputes, tho Moonta anchored near Fort Point on tho 5th February." Mr. Goyder is not the only member of the party whoso cor- respondence has been inlluenced by the re- flection " Wholly free from differences or dis- putes." In the most varied terms thoy havo expressed tho common sentiment of cor- diality towards each other, and confidence in their leader. One writes-" We have a lot of good men, and we carno here with tho inten- tion of doing all in our power to assist Mr. Goyder to complete tho work in a satis- factory manner. Another mentions, tho conduct of the doctor (Peel) as being the only drawback to the' .'harmony of the,' party. In ' none of the correspon- dence is there a symptom, of that grumb- ling tat things in general, which made the Adam Bay.literature so interesting. .But it is i quite apparent that neither idleness nor pampering have had anything to do with the maintenance of order and, cheerfulness at Port Darwin. Tho rule has been hard work and plenty of it from tho day the mon landed. They mako no secret of their leader being a hard task-master, but they mention it rather as a boast than as a grievance. There is prido in their enumeration of tho.results of their first three weeks'labour-the floating jetty they constructed at tho landing-place ;, the cliff that had to bo cleared for a surrey ' station ; the pitching of the camp closohy ; the erection of a largo store, 50ft." by 20ft., and then tho commencement of the first township survey. All this, besides the discharging of tho Moon ta, gave a respoctable account of the first month spant at Port Darwin. . Meanwhile, Mr. Goyder had been working off his own surplus onergy in rapid exploring expeditions. Ono correspondent gives him credit for " having been hore, there, and everywhere," as if in pursuit of the inlying Dutchman, In his own despatch ho indirectly indicates visits to all tho three arma of the harbour, a short trip inland towards the Adelaide River, and an examina- tion of the coast round by Fort Point. He had seen enough to enable him to estimate .the general capability of the country, to, sketch out a plan of operations, and to fix the sites of the three first townships. He has, in short, informed the Government what ho was likely to bo doing during the interval until ho should bo able to despatch another mail. It will bring a dia-< gram of the survey, and a detailed description of tho country back towards tho Adelaide River. According to his first observation, it is '{atablo land from seventy feet to 150 .feet high, with thickets of vegetation fringing the rocks of the coast, and a few mangroves where the water is shoal." He is not commu- nicative about the .harbour, but private cor- respondents abundantly supply thatomission. On* is reminded by it of Corio Bay, at Gee- long. Another is certain that "it is second to none in the colonies, with the exception of Port Jackson." A third attempts nautical description, and represents it as " a beautiful harbour, ,with a Harrow entrance, inside which a vessel is land- locked, and perfectly safo in all weathers." The Moonta's experience has been corroborative of that last assur- ance. She anchored about a quarter of a milo off Fort Point, in five fathoms, and rodo 'out some severe squalls on her bower anchor. Thews are ton to fifteen fathoms all the way up to within a mile of the shore, and a vessel of 800 tons, it is said, could approach any- where within a quarter of a mile. ' The arms' of the harbour were carefully examined by Mr. Goyder, with a view to tho important essential of landing-places. He found;'to his agreeable surprise, that the schooner (the Sea Ripple, which he expected to follow him) could soil at low wator soveral miles up the south-east and western arms, and that boats or barges could at all times ascend to the freshwater creeks. At the latter he also obsorved favourable sites for townships, affording easy communication with tho interior. Two he selected, and will 'lay out immediately after the principal ono at" Fort Pointe-namely, one on the east arm, and the other at the hoad of the south arm. The latter will probably receivo tho poetic, title of "Tumbling Waters," from a lovely cascade in the neighbourhood. A sketch of it, sent down by the artist of the expedition, has been photographed in the Govornmont photo-lithographic office for transmission to tlje Illustrated London News. It ought to have had a foot-note commending it to tho special attention of the city editor of Tlie Times and the directors of the North Aus- tralian Company. From the south arm and the "Tumbling Waters" the surveyors will proceed to the rural surveys, which Mr. Goyder has predicted thoy will finish within eight months, and then return over- land to Adelaide to oat their Christmas dinner m the town-hall, and be presented with a silver-mounted theodolite by the latid order holders. ] The back country was pretty well kndwh in its general features before Mr. Goyder left Adelaide. Mr. Finnis, during his first year at Adam Bay, made several pretences of exploring it, and onco he even went so far as' to commence a survey between the Nar- rows and Port Darwin. Immediately after leis arrival he went round in the Beatrice, arid after seeing it, he wrote to the Chief Secretary that it was a nice placo, but that ho had made up his mind in favour of Escapo Ctiífs. Adelaide did not relish this Vent, vidi, via style of exploration, and Mr. Finnis found it expedient to go round again in April, 1865. Simultaneously ho despatched an overland party from the Narrows to meet him at Port Darwin, and its leader's (Lichfield's) diary gives the most i detailed account of the inter- mediate country that wo yot possess. It was favourable, notwithstanding the wet season, and Lieutenant 'Howard, then in command of the Beatrice, added his testimony to the Port Darwin side. Mr. Finnis virtually con- fessed himself outvoted, by sending out a survey party in the direction Lichfield had taken, but he recanted at the earliest oppor- tunity, and the survey was stopped. Mr. Goyder's party have discovered the pegs, and it is rumoured that they mean to avail them- selves, if possible, of Manton's abandoned labour. Manton himself does not appear te have endorsed the policy which transferred him from Fred's Pass to the head of tho Ade- laide River. When appointed acting Govern- ment Resident, he went off i to have a look at¡ Port Darwin from the seaward, and that made him its enthusiastic advocate. In one of the last despatches penned al Escape Cliffs, there occurs a warm recom- mendation of the site which Finnis had se persistently slighted, out of partiality to.hh sucking Palmerston. Writing' on the 20tl December, 1866, Mr. Manton says-"Taking Pqint Emery and Port Darwin together as £ site for the town and port of the first settle ment, there is no place equal to it on the north or north-west coast of this territory foi its geographical position, probable hcaltbi ness, nor its convenience and facilities foi communicating with tho interior of th< country, where good land is known to exist." M'Kinlay, in his abortive expedition, had after seeing Adam Bay, declared a strong pre terence for Port Darwin, and asked that al his stock should bo landed there. Coinman der Hutchison, late Admiralty surveyor hore has, likewise, been all along a wann Dar winian. When Mr. Goyder's destination hac to he decided, the Government-could sei only three courses open to thom-to tri the Liverpool River on the hazy authority of Captain Cadell, to return to Escapi Cliffs at tho hazard of disgusting half of the land-order holders, or to choose the long slighted Port Darwin. They did tho latter and Mr. Goyder's fortunate start with the new settlement has justified their decision a well as reflected credit on his own onergy Ten days ago the Adelaido public regarded the sequel of the Northern Territory as some thing which would have to happen some tim< and somehow ; they did not care whon or ii what manner, so long as they could shut thor eyes to its appioach. This week thoy treat i as j an ovent which has returned not ord; within the bounds of possibility, but withii an'easy range of anticipation. One and al echo in their hearts tho assertion of a san guine correspondent, that ' there is not ¡ shadow of a doubt about our finishing th. survey satisfactorily." THE FIJI ISLANDS. Tho now settlement planted on these islands under the auspices of the Polynesian Company would seem to be progressing satis- factorily. The preliminary arrangements with King Thakombau havo been completed as far as tbo company is concerned, and shareholders and directors have departed in numbers to the ^ceno of futmo operations. A regular line of vessels has beon s tai ted betwoon the principal island and Melbourne, and already wo hear of something of the nature of i a provisional government, in which the squatters are to co-operato, boing inaugurated. Many of tho accounts received are most interestine, and, on, tho whole, encouraging. The King's arbitrary rule, it seems, is to bo convotted into something like a constitutional monarchy. Delegates have been invited from amongst the sottlcrs to assist him in managing tho internal affairs of his kingdom. At present the body is to bo simply consultative, though doubtless this is the first step to its obtaining ad- ministrative, if not executive, powors. With somo foresight, however. U13 dole gates insist upon preserving their indivi- dual nationality, not knowing the moment it may be necessary for them to fall back for protection upon thoir respective nationalities. A measure has been agreed upon imposing a capitation tax of 5dol. per annum on all the white and half-caste population, and of. on the natives. The sale of fiiearms and ammu- nition is prohibited to the FijiaiiB, their fidelity and trustworthiness being still some- what doubtful. Labour there is in great de- mand, but ¡tis rather of thocoolio and Chinese 'than of the European description that is re- quired. About a weeksince the barque Spring- bok took her departure from Hobson's Bay for Levuka, Ovalau, Fiji. , This .vessel is the second of tho Polynesian lineiwhichihas left' Melbourne in connexion with the company, the first being the Alfred, which sailed on the 14th of February last. She took a largo num 1 ber of passongois, principally shareholders in the Polynesian Company, amongstothers boing Mr. S. G. Watson, an old Now South Wales settler ; Mr. P. Brougham, a Victorian squat ?ter; and tho manager of tho Polynesian 'Company, Mr. Frederick Cooke. Tho latter proceeded for the purpose of car .rying out tho provisions or the com- pany's charter with King Thakombau .and tho United States authorities. The ' Springbok is expected to arrive at hor desti- nation about tho samo timo as H.M.S.S. ' Galatea, when it is expected a great gathering of the white and native population, to greet ,His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, will take place. It is thoucht likely that a second offer of cession of sovereignty of the islands will bo made to the British Crown by King Thakombau and his chiefs through the Duke of Edinburgh. ' THE GOLD-FIELDS. i The past month's history of tho gold-fields has been unusually barren of incident ; but though there have beon no fresh discoveries of great moment, or any largo nuggots brought to light, tho chief centres of mining industry havo maintained their averago roturns, and there aro no indications of thoir almost in- exhaustible resources becoming limited. At Ballarat and other quartz districts the yields havo beon good, and tho chief alluvial fields continue to support large mining populations in comfort. A glance at tho reports of the mining sur- veyors and rogistrars'for tho quarter ended 31st March last, will show that the mineral resources of the country are in a very satis factory_ condition. There was a large in- crease in the number of miners omployod on our gold-fields at that date, tho total being 07,931 against 04,058 on the 31st December, 1868. Looking at the two distinct divisions of miners, wo find the number of alluvial miners increased by 1,938, and that of quartz minors by 1,375: total increase, 3,333. That this should havo taken placo during a, period j when mining' opera- tions, owing ,to the extraordinary scarcity of water, were to a great extent confined to preparatory works, is another proof of the hopeful expectations entertained by our miners-expectations which the reports from nearly all the gold-fields fully justify. At a time .when tho yields are unusually small when in numerous places the miuers could do nothing but pile heap over heap of quartz or alluvial stuff, without being able, for want Of the necessary element, to extract an ounce of gold from either it is of groat importance to bo ablo to prove by actual and reliable data, that so far from retrograding, we aro in fact, progressing very materially. Ninety-one now quartz reefs havo boon discovered during the quarter, and proved, to be auriferous, and the reports abound with instances of reefs bocoming more charged with tho precious metal as the lodes are followed to greater depths., In the Albion Claim, at Steiglitz, the leef improves materially both in thickness of stone and the yield per ton as they got deeper. At 573ft, and COOft. levels it is'well definod, averaging five feet thick, and giving through- out one ounce and a half to tho ton j " and," says tho mining registrar for that division, " it is a most remarkable and unusual feature that at this depth the water is found insuffi- cient to supply their machinery for the various purposes for which it is required, and the company, in, consequence, have had to cut a water-raco several miles in iength, the source of supply being one of the many swamps which are found (in and near to tho Stonoy Creek portion of the division) to con- tain permanent water." The'' New Alliance Company, at the same place, have struck a payable vein at the 350ft. leyol, which spears to be very rich, giving two ounces to the ton'from tho quantity crushed. At Blackwood, owing to the success ,of | the Garibaldi Company and the good pro- spect obtained by the Star of the Wost Com- pany at Simmons's Reef-great oxcitement Erevails. Reefs,r or supposed lines of ' reefs, ave been taken1 up in every direction. In the southern division of Ballarat'the re- turns from some of the rocently discovered quartz reefs havo exceeded anticipations ; those from the Grassy Gully Reef notably so, where the yield-taking into account the gold washed from the débris whilo being worked-was more thari two ounoesper ton. Two new reefs have been discovered near Chiltern during tho quarter* 'Thoy are named Paddy Malone and Unknown reefs. A crush- ing of 32-tons 10 cwt. from the formoryioldod 50bz. 17dwt. 18gr., while from the latter 82oz. lOtlwt. were obtained from 25 tons of stone. At Alexandra we have to notice a con- tinued decline, the results from tho crushings having been much below the average. Ex- cepting at Godfrey's Creek, the population of the various gold-fields throughout that sub- division has diminished. The quartz reefs at Wood's Point have been yielding high roturns, the averago per ton being higher by about lOdwt. than during the previous quarter. At Sandhurst, quartz-mining, generally 'speaking, has beon attended with great suc- cess, anda notablo instance of the reef in- creasing in richness on greater depth is pointed out. In th« Maryborough division several new reefs of promising char act or havo been opened ; and at Amherst the applications for grpund for mining purposes are stated to be greater than at any former period, In the Avoca, Dunolly, Tarnagulla, and Redbank divisions, mining appears to bo steadily improving. The finding of the large nugget at Moliagul has given an impetus to mining in that locality, and has been the means of introducing foreign capital to the district. On the Black and Bull Dog reefs, south of Wayman's, where the nugget was found, two 'leases have been applied for ; one by the lucky finder, and the other by a Ballarat company. The new gold-field at Spring Creek is re- ported as being -rigorously worked, the gold obtained during th« quarter, being estimated at 19,500oz. At the Berlin rush, the total number of persons on the ground is esti- mated at 2,000, and reports of newiground, being opened, and large nuggets discovered, are frequently occurring. < From Maldon we regret to learn that the yidlds from almost every mine in the district have fallen off suddenly, but there are many signs of returning success. In that important quartz-mining district, Pleasant Creek, a great quantity of stone has bebn raised ; but, owing to the long-con- tinued drought, the crushing is far behind the amount raised. A considerable quan- tity of new machinery has been intro- duced into the division, and is now in course of erection. Two very important events hove occurred here illustrative of the extent and permanency of the Pleasant Creek reefs. The first was the striking of an auriferous reef in a bore put down by tho Cross Reef Extended Company, at a depth of 730ft. from the surface ; the second being the striking of rich stone in the Hard-nail Reef, at I a distance of about three-quarters of a mile north-east of tho Cross Reef. This line is supposed to be quite distinct from any of the known reefs. If the stone continues equally rich with that at present being taken out, Coz. por ton would not be too high an estímate for its avorago yiold. But " want of water has almost brought alluvial mining to a stand-still.'! At Ararat we meet with further instances of quartz reofs becoming richer as ¡they are followed to greater depths. At Crookod River, Gipps Land, "quartz mining is duller than it has been at any timo previously during the last three years;" but in "alluvial mining a change for tho bettor has taken place. The number of alluvial miners is considerably in excoss of what it was at the ond of last year, and a coiresponding in- crease is to bo seen in tho return of gold from that description of mining. Gold has been discovered in payable quantities on tho Dargo-flat, about fifteen milos from Grant, and about the sarao distance below any other diggings orfithe Dargo River. Too little work has yet been done to enable an opinion to bo formed as to its permanency. Several claims havo been taken up on tho Crooked River lately, between Talbotville and the Junction, somo of which aro paying very well indeed. On tho Twon ty-fi vo and Thirty milo Creeks the majority of the miners are making fair wages. " From tho Jericho subdivision very encourag- ing information is given. Speaking of ma- terial improvements during the past quarter, the report states:-"The return forwarded shows im proved yields from nearly all the urines in this division. Tho alluvial during tho past quarter has afforded satisfactory results. The old B.B. continues to yield excellent returns, though most claims on that crcok aro being worked for the third time." Tho íemote gold-fields at Bendoc have not been marked hy any particular progress during the quarter ; but hore, again, wo note a fact which wo hopo at no distant time will bo found to bo tho universal principio in the geology of our gold-mining districts- in nearly all the claims the stone becomes richor as tho reef is worked down. THE SOUTH AFRICAN GOLD-FIELDS.. The Victorian gold-'diggeni lyho' wont to' try their luck at tho South African,Gold- fields, find'that iyjiey have 'mado a chango for the worse, and they are gradually returning tothoirformerscenes Of labour. The schoonor St. Kilda, -which left Natal on the 9th March, brought back a number of, disappointed miners, and somo very discouraging accounts of the gold-fields. Owing to the groat distance of the 'diggings from the port, the nows is not of a vory fuU description, but it is quite sufficient to indicato tho state of affairs,, One of the items of intelligence is to tho effect that a prospecting party from D'Urban had sent in an official report, which waste tho purport that they had worked the Umt walumi gold-field for three months, sinking shafts from six to thirty feot deep, and in that time obtained only twelvospecksof gold. A Government party of whites and Kaffirs, "on the samo field, had cut about four miles of race or sluice, and had only got from a quarter to half an ounco of gold. At tlio Umzinto gold-field tho same party had been unable to obtain a spook of gold. Better prospects had been got ot Uniblanga, but the supplies having run short, the prospectors had been obliged to leave it before they had fairly tested it. Ono of this party-Mr. George H. Watson was an old Australian digger. A native, who had arrived in D'TJrbnn from tho Tarin gold- field, after a journoy of twenty-seven days' duration, reported that the diggers had all left that field and gone northwards into tho territory of the Chief Mosena. They had been received in n kindly manner, and had commenced to work quartz reofs, which showed gold. A company of twenty-one men, among whom thoro wore several old diggers, and who called themselves the Glasgow and Limpolo Company, had started from Potchef-i slroom for the diggings, accompanied by a party who styled themselves tho Australian and New Zealand Company. To this may bo added tho information supplied by two of the returned miners, Messrs. Cook and Salmon, who'state that three districts on the rivers Umgheni, Tugeli, and Umtooraloomi had been well prospected, and'the ground thoroughly tested by sovoral independent parties, and that only the colour of gold had been obtained. Quartz abounds, and a quan- tity, about 1,0001b., has been shipped to Eng- land for analysis, A test of quartz from tho samo lot, however, was mado by a practical chemist at Pietormaritzburg, but he failed to discover the remotest trace of gold in it. Al- together, the minors who have returned speak strongly against the South African gold- fields. i AGRICULTURE. ' The dry summer seoms likely to bo foi-' lowed by a winter wet enough, if not too wot, Tho first autumn rains wore so hoavy as to destroy''all immediate indications of 'tho drought, and wo; have since had sufficient to keep the grass growing for the stock, and render tho soil easily worked by the farmer. Ploughing commencod . in good time,'and much wheat and oats' have been well got in, but the rain of tho last few days was so heavy in places as to interfere materially with seeding operations. Howovor, May and Juno are seldom wet months, and if the weather settles again now, there may bo still somo weeks before the continuous winter rains commence. Our farmers, as a class, would appear to bo vory busy ,at home preparing for next season's crops, or to be little in want of money, for tho market has been so bare of wheat lately, that the millers could scarcely get enough to allow of their keeping tho bakers supplied with flour. Thus prices wore forced up un- naturally, whon there was ovory reason to suppose that wo had more than sufficient for our own consumption, even without the numerous small consignments from South Australia. The publication of the agri- cultural statistics last week proved this view to be correct, and prices threaten now to fall moro rapidly than they rose. From these tables wo learn that the total area in occupation is 8,745,862'acres, being 637,397 moro acre« than that occupied last year. The land onclosed amounts to 7,902,613 acres, or 5G6.791 acres in excess of that of last year. The number of holdings exceeding ono .acre is 29,122, or 3,294 additional. The extent' held as freehold is 5,624,104, or an in- crease of 261,756. Of the total occupied, that under the head of purchased land, including freehold and leasehold, is 6,863,851 acres. The fencing and other improvements bore a due proportion to the increased numbers, and thb extent of tillage was 78,817 acres moro than last year. Under wheat there wore 258,428 acres, an addition of 41,439, and tho produce of this greater area was 4,186,230 bushels, against 3,411,663 in 1868. The quan- tity for this year thus gives us vory nearly five and a half bushels per head for a popu- lation of 680,000, besides seed for'300,000 acres of land. The exact figures would be 4,190,000 bushels, and there was no doubt a surplus on hand at the end of last year sufficient in amount to make up six bushels a head if needed ; but we had proof enough, last season in particular, that the con- sumption does not equal that When meat is cheap and vegetables moderato in price. Thus we may safely conclude that the harvest of this year gave us ample for our own re- quirements, and that we shall need no moro of|tho surplus from Adelaide. In 1867 wo had, for the first time, wheat to spare, tho yicjld of that year having been 4,641,206 bushels, from 208,588 acres, an average of 22J3 bushels to the acre, against 10'2 this year. It was said then that we had fairly rounded the turning-point, and, unless in some very unpropitioUs season,wo shall for the future grow enough, or moro than'enough, for our own wants. Sixteen bushels of wheat is a small yield for Victoria, and the area under tillage is increasing faster than tho popula-1 tion. The yield ot oats does not appear to have been so vory small as was generally sup- posed, In fact, the average yield1 was greater -W6 against 18'G bushels to'the'acre-but thb extent of land under this orop was only 115,177 acres against 125,345 last your. Tho total produco from the reduced 'area' was 2,257,393 bushels, a reduction of only 75,079, so there was no reason for tho butcry about a failure in the oat crop. Tho yield of barley was 25,555 bushels less from 3,207 acres moro, the extent under this grain having been 19,189 acres, Tho area under rye and hero was nearly doubled-2,407 acres to 1,370 in 1868, and the produco showed au increase of 10,319 bushels. This, to somo extent, compensates for tho' doficienoy of barley, a crop finding less and less favour in thb eyes of the farmers each year, notwith- standing the good prico the grain fetches, and the active 'demand always, existing for it. Tho total number of bushels of grain of all kinds produced was 6,831,998, an increase of u7l),980 in tho year. Roots show a great falling off, a necessary consequence of the drought. Thus thero were 24.8Ü9 fowor tons of'potatoes from 576 more acres of land, or 92,908 tons from 36,407 acres, an average of '¿'ti tons to tho acre against 3'3 last year. Mangolds also gave 5,683 tons less from a slight increase in the area of 03 acres, or 11,048 tons from 1,332 acres. The aroa undor beet, carrots, parsnips, and cabbage was double, showing even a worse result, for there \i dre 927 tous less of these things than last year. The extent under grasses was well added to, tho numbor of acres of rye- grass, lucerne, clover, &c;, being 5,316 against 2,930 inl868, and of permanent artificial grasses 79,540, against 09,372, the total increase in tho acreugo under green fodder for tho year having been 17.953, There wore 22,014 moro acres under fallow also, so that it would seom as lit the fanners wore becoming more im- pressed every year with the truth that justico must be done to their land ii they ure to con- tinue; to live by tilling it. The extent of land under hay was 111,796 acres-a moderato in croW- but the yield was only 122,813 tons, against 140,592, a falling off of two hundred \\\ eight in the_ average yield pur ucre. All these deficiencies were to bo expected, after such a dry year throughout, both summer and «inter, and it is matter fpr congratulation that our fal mers escaped so well. From the returns it would appear that thoro was a de- crease in tho number of vinos, but we havo not heard of any great numbers dying or being rooted out. On the contrary, several viieyuids havo received additions, and this interest is undoubtedly progressing and pro1 speious. The quantity of winomade at the vintage before that just conoludedwafi445,17D gallons, and of brandy 1,025 gallons, a large proportion of the produce having been sold besides as tablo grapes. The total yield of this year has not boen ascertained |yet, but thero has boen a falling off Of probably about a fourth in quantity, the quality of the wine promising, however, to bosuperiorto that of ,any previous year. The stockownors wore somewhat disheartened by the bad accounts of the London wool markets ; but to counter lance these in somo degree they havo the prospect of'plenty of fat stock soon, and as [Australian preserved meats rise ip faVoui with consumers in the old country,'so^musi thb drafts from their ijçoks have a stoadil] advancing value. .,TÇhe meat-preserving com panies,,axe increasing in, numbor, and pro paring t season. ' ,, , .... 1 .- FRAUDULENT. TRADE MARKS. I The 'usd of colourabló'imitations of th« 5 labels' and brand, employed by the Messrs. ¡Tas. Hennessy and Co. in bottling their celebrated Cognac brandy, has been for somo time general in Melbourno and throughout tho colony. The matter has recently formod the subject of litigation iii tho law courts, and from, the evidence elicited tho system would* seem to exist to a much greater extent than was at first anticipated. The modus operandi pursued by importers appears vory simple, and certainly calculated to mislead the public. Hcnncssy's bulk brandy, as is well known, is somewhat inferior to that exported in case. Tho former description is imported in large quantities, and after being subjected to a certain modifying process, is bottled and labelled in such a mander as very closely to resemblo Hennessy's best braud, and is usually sold to the public as such. Tho label on the bottles is similar in the main to that used by the Messrs. Hen- nessy, namely, a whito ground with a gilt border of vine leaves, and thd name of the lirm in tho centre, surmounted by a " battle axe." For the latter, there is substituted a Vdagger," an "eagle," or an "elephant," with tho names of tho importers by whom the brandy is bottled, inserted at the bottom of the label in small letters. This apecios of conscientious manipulation must prove ex- ceedingly lucrative. I As mentioned in last month's summary, Mr. Bronckhorst, Messrs. Hennessy's Mel- bourne agent, has instituted criminal pro- secutions against several parties for not only bottling but selling this inferior quality of brandy, and in almost every instance buc- ], deeded in obtaining convictions. The minor * cases wer¿ disposed of at tho police court, but * in the caso of the Messrs. White, merchants, , , au injunction was sought to prevent thom bottling the brandy. When brought before the full Court on appeal, the caso wai fully argued, leading counsel being em- ployed on both sides. For tho 'defence it was urged that there was no 'attempt on .' the part of Messrs. Whito to deceive tho pub- lic by the use of theso imitation labels. The words " bottled by Messrs. T. and W. White" were sufficient to warn anyone exorcising reasonable prudence that tho brandy was not Hennessy's bottled brandy. At the conclusion of the arguments judgment was reserved, and has not yet been delivered. An appeal arising I out1 of a prosecution in connexion with the ,samo blatter, was recently heard boforo his ,honour Judgo Pohlman, at the County CoUrt, tho appellants being Messrs. Hogan, Mooney, and Co. The argumouts pro aud con. as heard at tho hearing originally, were re- peated, and his honour decided upon con- firming tho decision of the Com t below, which had inflicted a Uno of £20 upon the defend- ant, with costs. , , THE PUBLIC HEALTH. It is gratifying to bo ablo to announce that > all apprehensions with regard to tho aproad of small pox seem to havo subsided in tho public mind, and that tho dreaded plaguohas, ^ for the present at least, almost disappeared from amongst us, only one new case having recently occurred. Tho caso referred to was ' in Palmorstori-place, Carlton, the 'pationt being a young girl. Effectual precautions have been taken to prevent the extension of ; the disease to the adjoining places. ,During the past month there have been a few trilling " cases reported, but upon examination soma of these turned out to bo of the nature of , chicken pox. In the meantime, the oxer* tions of the central and local boards of, health havo not relaxed in bringing about an improved system of , sanitary , regulations in the city and the sovoral , suburban districts. Thcso efforts have had he most beneficial results. The Ri vor Yarra, here is every hopo, will not much longer ho polluted by feculence and obnoxious deposits , from drains and manufactures established on its banks. The question of the seworago of the city bos forced itself upon tho city council, ¡ and cannot fail of being at no distant dato > seriously taken up and something dono to , materially improve it. Cesspools are carefully inspected, and tho back lanos and slums regu- larly cleaned, and disinfectants applied whore over it is deomod necessary. Thus many of the predisposing causes of epidemic havo boon removed, and the city and, the public health greatly benefited by the change. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS- PITAL. During tho four weeks ending the 16th of May, thirty-ono deaths havo occurred among patients coming from other countries. Tho names of theso persons, togother with'par ticulars relative to their arrival and occupa- tion in the colony, are given in the following list : Bowler, Robort, 55, hat manufacturer, native of Lancashire ; arrivod in 1847 by tho ship Lord Lyndoch-dysentery. Butolph, Amy, 40, domestic, native of Cambridgo ¡ arrived in 1861 by the ship Kent -dropBy. Chow Cheong, 41, nativo of Canton ; arrival unknown-phthisis. Clift, Charlotte 58, do- mestic, native of Devonshire ; arrived in 1863 by the ship Goldon Land-dropsy. ' Dougbarty, Mary, 42, domestic, nativo of Castle Douglas ; arrived by tho ship Flora cancer. Foster, Georgo John, B.A., 67, schoolmaster, naltive of Ireland ; arrived in 1854-phthisis. ' Glover, Eliza, . 52, domestic, nativo of Gloucestershire ; arrivod in 1858 by tho ship Lord Anglesey-pneumonia. i Hudson, Elizabeth, 42, domestic, nativo of Scotland j arrived m 1856 by the ship Boomerang-dropsy. Harding, Elizaboth, 40, domestic, native of Cumberland ; arrived in 1853 by the sbipTeserang-cancor. Harwood, Charlotte, otherwise Goodborn, 30, seamstress ; arrived in 18-17 by the ship Victoiia-phthisis. Kennedy, Michael, 31, minor, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1857 by the ship Tricolor -phthisis. King, Johu, 50, cook, nativo of Bei muda, died in the casualty ward on ar- rival-diseáso of the heart. Lowe, John, 29, clerk, nativo of Scotland j arrived in 1869 by tho ship Geelong-bon beti. Miller, Robort, 42, clerk, native of Glasgow; arrived in 1859 by the ship Marco Polo phthisis. Mulhall, Mary, 24, domestic, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1867 by tho ship Morning Light-phthisis. Mitchell, Keziah, otherwise Sophia Banks, 16, native of New Zealand-hydatids on the brain. M'Larty, Robt., 39, miner, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1853; ship unknown-heimetta corebntis. Newman, Thomas, 63, cook, native of Bristol ; arrived in 1857 by the ship Royal Charter—debility. Pore'r, Thomas, 29, cabdriver, native of London ; airived in 1851 by the ship Suffolk -disease of tho heaTt. Robins, Abraham, 39, cook, native of tho Uni tee! States; arrived in 1851 by tho ship Cuttloberg-cancor of tho stomach. Riley, John, 44, dealer, native of Dublin ; roceived a few hours before doath-puoumonia, Ray, William, 61, stockkeopor, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1803 by the ship Marco Polo-di- sease of tho bowels. Ryan, Julia, 45, domestic ; arrived in 1811 by the ship Diamond-apo pldxy. Roberts, James, 31, engineer; native of Stockport: arrived in 18C6 hy^ the ship Geelong-pentonitis. "". l ' Smith, Charlotte, _ 70, nuiso, nativo . of Plymouth; arrivçd in 1858 by tho sliip Morning .Light -dropsy, Shohan, William, 46,| miner, nativo of Tipperary ; arrived in 1854 by tho ship City of Manchester-jaun- dice. Sloug Ah, 31, nativo of Canton ; ship unknown-cancer. Singleton, John, 57, shoemaker, native of Cheshire ; arrived in 1840.by,tho Jupiter—phthisis. Taylor, Mary Anne, 54, domestic, native of England; arrived in 1860 by the ship Thomas Fielding—apoplexy. Woods, Adam, gingerboor maker, native of Tipperary; arrivod in 1813 by the ship China —hepatic ascites. Walsh, William, 75, la- bourer, nathu of Manchester ; arrived in 1839, ship unknown-bronchitis. THE LABOUR MARKET. Tho improvement in tho labour market noticed in last month's i opart still continues, particularly with regard to agriculturists. In every part of tho country our farmers aro hard at work putting their crops in; the weather has boon exceedingly favourable, and a largo breadth of ground is now boing got under tilingo, and all descriptions of farm labourers now meet with ready omploy- ( munt. Gardeners aro also in demand, and lind ready employment at good wages. In town a large number of buildings aro in progress, and most of tho trades aro fully employed. Good femólo servants are still in demand, both, in town and country. Wagos aro fully main- tained, and tho rates of payment may bo1 taken as follows:-Stonemasons and bricklayer«! 10s. per day; carpenters, 9s, , , do! ; builders', labourers,, 7s. do. ; hut- ,, keepers, £20 to £30 par annum ; shepherds, ' , £30 to £35 and £40 per do. ; lads'for country, ,? > ,4«. to &. per week; do., for, town, 8s.j to,, - ,12a do. ; general farm servants, 12s. to 15s, do. ;, i .ploughmen, 15s, to, 20s. '<}o, j |orlcers,1ls,J,9a, j>. to 2s, per rod ; grubbers, j 4s. i and upwards, jer rod; gardeners for, town, 15i. to 30s. par week;'.do', for country,'15s.'to 20s. do'; groómsLlos.'tb2U3.'do:j; btish carpenters, 25s. toi30á. do.'î'wbod-splittera, 3s. öd. per ton; blacksmiths, 30s. phr ' week ; wheelwrights, 3!¡s.,toc40í¡. do. ; bnckmakore, 18s. to 20s. per 1,000, 'with rations ; married couples, for country," without encumbrance (first-class), from ¿60'to £70 per annum j'do. (second «lass),»£50ito £60 do. ; do. with family, £40 do. ; housemaids for country, £30 to £35 do. ; for tewn,s £26 to £30 do. ;ifemale servants for country (good), £26 to £28 do. ; laundressos (country), £30 to £35 do. ; cooks, for hotels, £40' to £50 do. : do. for country, £52 to' £75 «Id.1; nursemaids (country), £20 to £25; do. in'tdwn,° 5s. to'7s."per week. ' 'THE THEATRES, SPORTING, && Mr. Talbot has been playing a round of Shaksperian and melodramatic characters at the Theatre Royal during tho month, and the house has been doing a moderately good business, the other theatrical attractions being of a very limited kind ; but there is not the slightest probability of the new tragedian becoming a favourite. The Duke of Edinburgh Theatre has been reopened with a miscellaneous entertain »ont,J including ballet d'action, aurobatism, and Mr. Barlow's doga and monkeys. Last week, an accident happened to Edward Ma gilton, one of the performers on the trapozo. Bo was ascending to the renal trapeze, which is attached to the roof of the theatre, and somo forty fcot from tho iloor, by a ropo, hand o'ver'hand^and had got within a foot of the1 bar, when thb rope parted above him, and he fell a distance of thirty-nine feet into tho .rchestrn below. He was picked up insen- sible, but recovered in a few minutes suffi- ciently to onablo him to be led on to the stage, and ho is 'now apparently none the worse for the fall. The great sporting event of the month has been the'Randwick Autumn Mooting in New South Wales, which was favoured by fine weather" hnd very largely patronised. The Cup race was the all-absorbing point of iu teiest in the programme. From the first Tho Barb had maintained the premier position in the betting list, and he aid not deceive his backers. He got a good position in the start, and after running half tho distance went to the front. Hie most dangerous oppo- nent, Tim Whiffler, challenged' lum, along with his stable companion Stumpy, and 'the three made a splendid race, The Barb only winning1 by a neck. Mr. Reynolds has slnco purchased this celebrated racer for the stud, and ho therefore retires from 'the turf. Tho winners of the other events were'as follows:-Tital 'Stakes, Darkie; Champagne Stakes, Lamplighter ; St. Leger, Coquette'; Publicans' Stakes, Warrior ; Don- caster Handicap, Tippler ; Flying Handicap, Blondin ; Metropolitan Maiden Plate, The Earl; A.J.C. Sires' -Produce Stakes, Para- dise ; Waverley Stakes, Darkie ; All-aged1 Stakes, Gloncoo ¡ Prince of Wales Stakes, i Albany ; Nursery Handicap, Barbarian ; City Handicap, Hambledon Hill ; Corinthian Cup, Darkie. The-'Ballarat Autumn Turf Club Steeple- chases came oil on the 14th inst, Thero was a falling-oil' in the quality of the sport, as compared with previous years. The Selling Steeplechase was won by Birthday, the Han- dicap Hurdle Race by Elis, the Trotting Race by Buck, the Autumn Steeplechase by Bab- bler,'and the Selling Hurdlo Race by Little King. ? ' The'cricket'season has closed, and the fa- vourite winter sport of football once moro occupies the'city and suburban recreation re- ' serves. ' The last event of the cricket season worthy of roeoid was a single-wicket match between Wills, Cosstick, and Conway, of Victoria, and Caffyn, Laurence,' and Thomp- son, of Sydney. The scores of the Sydney men were 37 and 20, and of Victoria 35 and 23, with one wicket to fall. Mr. Wills, ono'óf the oldest of Victorian encketers, ana who has done more to support the cricket- ing ^prowess of this colony than any other lover of the gamo, is about to retire to Queensland, and a public subscription has beeiTset on foot'for the purposo of presenting him'with a testimonial. ",;,' % RAILWAY BETURNS. , , ' The-returns of the, Victorian Government railways do not shbw any sign of improve- . »out. In every branch, with the exception of the cattle branch, there is a decline as com- pared" with tho corresponding week of last year, The falling -off in trade is generally put'forward as, the explanation of this de- ficiency. *Ono good object is being carried out by 'the' department, namely, that of bring-, ing all the officials connected with the Rail- way''department, if not under one roof, at least into the same'neighbourhood. All tho offices will soon be on tho Spcncer-stroet railway reserve, The last rotum, which was for the week ending May 13, showed a total receipt of £10,28215s. 4d., as against £10,337 3s. 8u. in the corresponding week of last year; deficiency, £84 8s. 4d. Aggregate receipts from the beginning of the year to date, £206,319 5s. 7d., as against £212,68311s. 2d. in the same period of last yeal ; deficiency, £6,364 5s. 7d. Weekly average, £10,858 18s. 2d., as against £11,193 17s. id. ; deficiency, £33419s. 3d. The returns of the Melbourne and Hob son's Bay United Railway Company for tho week ending 13th inst., also exhibit a falling oil in the récoipts from tho carnage of mer chandisoiof £19518s. lid. .This is principally owing to tho large number of vessels now overdue. The passenger trafile, however, exhibits a steady increase of nearly £100 per week.-.'The total receipts wero £l,7U7<-10s. Id., as against £1,91010s. ad. in tho corresponding period of last year. The aggregate receipts to date were £51,45910s. 3d., as compared with £50,123 7s. 3d., showing an advance of £1,330 3s,, while tho wookly average stands at £2,708 7s. ILd., as against £2,598 19s. Od., up to the same date lost year. -( NOTES FROM THE SEA. Wo recorded in our last summary the loss of the ship Huracano, in Port Phillip Bay, through her having, it was supposed, struck on a rock whllo onteiing the Heads. Since thon an inquiry was held before the Pilot Board to ascortain the cause of the wreck, but nothing was ascertained, which could, clear up llio matter. The pilot was taken on board on the 21st April, on the 22nd tho ship entered Port Phillip Heads, and in doing so she struck something. Soon afterwards water came in through the hawse-pipes, and sail was shortened, but the vessel commenced to sink, and in a very little time the sea was over her bows. The charts contained no notice of thero boing any rooks in the placo where the Hurricane struck. The Pilot Board carno to the following decision:-"It has been impossible to account for the causo of tho sinking of tho Hurricane, all the evidence adduced going to exonerate the pilot from having struck on the Lonsdale rock, and thero is not sufficient evidence to show that the ingress of water through tho hawse-pipes was sufficient to cause her to go down in the manner she did." A few days after this decision was given, the Edina, a coasting steamer, nearly met with a similor catastrophe; The steamer ontered the Heads at pretty nearly tho samo spot as tho Humcano did-a few hundred yaids from the Lonsdale roof and'Struck lightly against something. The Einn ps wero sounded, and water was found to o coming in to the after compartment ; tho steamer boing built in watertight compart- ments, sho was kept afloat and brought to tho wharf. On examination it was dis covoied that there was a hole in the bottom, on the starboard side, about threo or four feet abaft tho mizonmasfc, on tho garboard streak, a fow inches abovo the kool, and exter- nally presenting a smooth round indentation, largo enough to admit a cricket-ball. Tho oponing, howover, did not go clean through, but showed a nariow, angular-shaped fissure on the inside, and its appearance indicated that tho apperturo was the result of the steamer's coming in sudden contact with some sharp point. An inquiiy into the occur- rence was held before the Pilot Board, which came to the conclusion that tho Edina struck somo rock in tho vicinity of the Lonsdale rock, not laid down in the chart of the Heads. A survey has since been held of tho entrance to the Heads. After a thorough investiga . tion by sweeping and sounding, Lieutenant Stanley is of opinion that no rocks exist except thoso already on tho charts, and has no doubt that, in the caso of tho Hurricane, the vessel waa on the Londsdale Rock, and that in the case of tho Edina, she was on Point Londsdale WRECK OF THE BARQUE LORENZO SABINE. — This barque was wrecked on 15th April, on a voyage between Newcastle and Brisbane. She left Newcastle on the 13th April, and during the night she shipped several heavy seas and made much water. On the 14th it was deemed advisable to make for Trial Bay. Anchored in Trial Bay at one p.m. Commenced to heave cargo over- board, and kept pumps going as well At eight p.m. ceased discharging coal, and set anchor watch. At four a.m., 15th, found leak increasing, vessel making sixteen inches water per hour ; crew at same time throwing cargo overboard and pumping. At seven p.m. found three feet water in the hold. At eight p.m. Captain Maud, of the s.s. Grafton, sent on board four hands to assist in keeping the vessel afloat. After pumping all night, found at four a.m. on the 16th, 5ft. 9in. water in the hold : sig- nalled to the Grafton steamer to help in beaching the vessel, as she was rolling heavily, and settling down. At daylight, in tow of the steamer, attempted to beach the vessel, but could not get near enough, as the wind was off the land. Let go the anchor in four fathoms of water, about 200 yards from the beach, and put a line into one of the boats, so as to fasten it on shore, and heave the vessel up as far as possible on the beach, but the boat capsized, and could not be launched before the vessel settled down in three fathoms and a half of water. Weeok or the Seringa -The Seringa, 'a barque of 428 tons register, was lately wrecked on a voyage from Newcastle to Shanghai. One of the crew gave the following account of the occurrence:-"Wo left Newcastle for Shanghai with 650 tons coals, dining the month of October last. AVe experienced favourable weather, with tho exception of one or two strong gales, for about six weeks ; and on the 27th or 28th of November on countered a typhoon. Wo were thon in tho Marshall Group, and so many degrees north of the line. At twelve o'clock (midnight) a fierce squall struck tho ship and dismasted her, carrying away the fore, main, and mizen topmasts. The vessel was then kept away about two points, in order that she might not labour so heavily. After the vessel was dismasted wo could not make,any headway, and gradually drifted towards the shore. When within a few yards of a roof oil Salway wo lot go the port anchor, and gave her 110 fathoms chain ; but during the night a fierce puff came off the land, and we slipped the cable, hoping to savo the ship, but on tho following morning the wind again changed, and drove us near the shore. The starboard anchor was let go, but dunng the night she parted it, and at three a.m. struck heavily on a reef." Tho crew were ultimately saved by talune to tho boats. The Seringa was a new vessel, having been purchased by a gentleman in Sydney last October, after her first voyage from London. Wreokb,, at Newcastle.-A disastrous storm occurred off tho eastern coast on the 10th May, causing several wrecks. At New- castle a heavy gale carno on from the south- east, the sea rose rapidly, and broke with great violence across tho Heads. Tho brig Burnett had left for Sydnoy, but was obliged to put back. The vessel haggod the land at the lighthouse very closely, probably with tho intention of getting through the broken water as quickly as possible, and thon entering the harbour in safety. Tho heavy seas which swept across the bight caused her to drag her anchors, which weie let go under tho leo of the lighthouse hill. Several seas in suc- cession about this time swept clean ovor hor huU, and, in order to save themselves, the crew betook themselves to the main rigging, where they could be plainly observed by the aid of a telescope. Tho brig continued drifting gradually into the bight, and had in fact, now only got into the worst of the sea, which broke over her fearfully almost over moment. Notwithstanding the decks being continually swept, ' the crews main- tained their position in the rigging, and only a few moments before she'foundered seven men were noticed on board of her. The seas commenced to prove too much for her, and it could be seen that sho must bo lost. Directly afterwards tho vo'ssol could ho noticed to be capsizing, and in a moment her masts were lovel with tho water. Sho re- mained in this position for about two minutes, when sho righted again with loss of one of her roasts, but she almost as quickly disap- peared", for the mast gradually went over sea- ward, and exactly at a quaitcr-past one p.m., the noble vessel had sunk beneath tho waves, about a mile from shore. The schooner Jessie anchored oft the Red Buoy, but broke adrift and went to pieces on Oyster Bank. Of a crew of six only three were saved. The schooner Britannia from Port Stephens, tim- ber laden, bound for Sydney, met the galo off Bird Island, and in company with the Don Juan and other vessels ran back for bhelter ; next day was off Mona Point ; saw the schooner Eagleton making for the land, but before sho reached the beach she suddenly 'disappeared, and all perished. Captain Green- lees, of the Britannia, then stood for the south, 'but as allihissails were blown away, he was compelled to beach his vessel, and happily succeeded in making the sandy beach close to the Sandhills, all hands getting ashore in safety, but the vessel soon became a total wreck. The master left the mate in charge of the -wreck, and then pro- ceeded, with three of his mon, to walk to Newcastle. When some eight miles to the southward of Hannah Bay, they carne across portions of tho wreck of tho schooner Don Juan. Pieces of wood with tho letters " UA" were found. No signs of tho crew were to be seen, and there is little doubt all perished. The Secret, a schooner which left Newcastle for Sydnoy on the day before the gale, had also to sustain its fury. Sea after sea kept sweeping over the vessel, taking watorcasks and all movable property overboard. At seven a m. on Sunday was off Mona Point, distant three miles. Squared away with the intention of getting into Port Stophens, but could not make tho port, and thou, as a last resource, boro up for Providence Bay, with tho intention of undeavouring to ride out tho galo. Lot go both anchors in about two and a half fathoms ; both chains parted, being then about one milo from the beach. She struck forward first, but ¡the next sea taking her on the quarter, she fell broadside on, and the boat on deck, together with the hatches, were quickly stoye in. Shortly after- wards one of the seamen, named F. Welling- ton, jumped overboard, and succeeded in reaching tho beach. Tho remainder of tho crew being unable to swim, Capt. M'Kinnon endeavoured to float a lino ashore, but tho drawback rendered every attempt abortive. The mainmast was falling, the sides of the vessel breaking up, and having done all that he possibly could to save tho hves of his crew, he was reluctantly compelled to strip and make for tho beach, which he fortunately reached. The crew, seeing that their captain had succeeded so well, took heart, and left the ship with the faint hope of being saved, and, with the exception of ono man, named li, Donough, they reached the shore in safety. The schooners Oriti, Rebecca, Eleanor, and Jessie Kelly are also reported as missing. COMMEBCIA.L INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The R.M.S.S. Malta, Captain C. G. Perrins, on her outward voyage, arrived in the bay on the 25th ultimo, about eleven o'clock a.m., after encountering very tempestuous weather on the passage from Sydney. Sho left that port at nine a.m. on tho 22nd ultimo, and had fine weather, with light fair winds, as far as Gabo Island, when the wind freshened from tho westward, and finally settled in tho S.W., blowing a heavy gale, which lasted from the promontory to Port Phillip Heads. In , consequouoo of the heavy sea on in the Rip, the Malta did not attempt to enter the Heads on Saturday night, tho 24th ultimo, but stood out until daylight next morning, when the weather had modorated. After embarking passengers,, and taking tho mails with the. gold and specie on board, tho Malta steamed from her anchorago on tho 25th ultimo, shortly after two o'clock. The P. and 0. Co.'a R.M.S.S. Avoca, Cap- tain A. B. Farquhar, with tho mails from England and tho East, anchored in the hay on the 12th instant, a few minutes after three o'clock in the afternoon. On tho presont passago the Avoca has woll maintained her repute as a rapid and reliablo steamship, lier mails having been landed thirty-two hours within contract time. Tho Avoca sailed from Point de Gallo afc half-past ton a.m, on tho 22nd ult. and experienced moderate trade winds and fine weather on the run to King George's Sound, where sho arrived at fifteen minutes past one p.m. on the Otk instant. After coaling, she left again for Melbourne at half-past one a.m. on the 7th inst., and for two days sho had moderate north-west and west winds, which were followed by strong east to south-east breezes as far as Cape Otway, whieh was signalled and passed at a quarter past four am. on the 12th inst. The Avoca was detained off the Heads for two hours by a dense fog, Tho mails, which were in chargo of Commander Nelson, R.N., wero landed with tho customary despatch and prompti- tude, and tho Avoca left nor anchorago at uvo p.m. en route for Sydnoy. " , STATE OP TRADE. The last mail left this in the midst of a more cheerful and buoyant fooling than had been experienced for many previous months, owing to the relief afforded through the break mg up of the drought ; but though the bo/ie ficial effects of the samo have beenfelt over i since, the more immediato impetus imparted to trade proved only of a temporary charac- , ter, and the utmost dulncss has sinco pre- I vailed. A gi eat deal of this may, however, be accounted for by the sudden advance of car- riage rates to the interior, which had the eflect of preventing orders from being sont forward withi any degree of freedom, and thus acted prejudicially%on trade generally ; the demand for merchandise has, in conse- quence, been on an extremely moderatescale, and little of a speculative naturo has been allowed to make its appearance in tho mar- kets Dundee goods havo met with consider- able attention ; some 300 bales of cornsacks have heen taken up at prices which, show at least a decline of Od. per dozen. Some 300 .bales of gunnies, and about 50,000 second- hand ones, are also amongst the sales re- corded. Breadstuff's havo risen in value Od. per bushel on wheat and 20s.-par ton on flour. Since the publication of the agricnlturalstatis tical returns less activity has been evinced. Kerosene oil, as last month, monopolised the attention of speculators, and some 30,000 cases changed hands. Sinco receipt of .American advices a reaction has boen caused by the, policy of speculators, who have needlessly forced sales at a time when' the market was not strong enough to bear the pressure, and a decline of fully 2d. por gallon was the re- sult. Stocks, however, aro well concentrated, and it is not anticipated that tho market will be long in recovering,again, and this, is further proved by a speculative purchase yes- terday of 10,000 cases to arrive. Oilmen's btores havo met with favour. A movement in rice has led to the Portlnw's, Seagull's, Dagmai's, and Manfred's cargoes of Patna about 2,100 tons-changing hands, as'well as some 200 tons of Java. Importers of sugar hold for much 'higher prices, and in consequence tho Elizabeth's, Emilienne's, Frances Henty's, Bombay's, Formosa's, and Eva Joshua's cargoes have been tempo- rarily withdrawn from the market, The Triton's cargo of Mauritius, ' Kilda's cargo of Natal sugar, only have been sold in the course of the month. ->In teas, the special feature to note is the olearing off of the balance of tho Isabella Brown's cargo, and balances of othor cargons, amount- ing to 10,000 packages in all. The sales ,of timber comprise the cargo i of deals per Caroline ana. > the cargoes per Britannia and Johannes 'Rod ; ' very little else has been done. Tho mail steamer, with ¡the English mails to 26th March, 'was telegraphed on Monday the 10th, and on Wednesday afternoon, the'12th inst, the A,voca reached the bay. Advices generally have not beon calculated to fiüfluonce busi- ness favourably. The shipments to'Victoria for the'month ending 13th March amount to £415,867, and as compared with tho previous month, show an increase of £8,914. The declino advised in wool has almost' been compensated by the extraordinary and grati- fying success of our 'meat- preserving com- panies, and it is felt that it now only rests with tho squatters themselves to take advan- tage of the new field of enterprise oponed to them. Our advices from NewYork roach to 12th March. The Marian,' from Boston, had sailed on 10th Fobrnary, for Melbourne ; but for the month ending March 12, tho de- partures i\ ero the Corea from Now York and the Ulcoats from Boston, both for Melbourne, and the lizzie for Dunedin. Our dates from Calcutta reach to 12th, from Java to 6th, from Colombo to 21st April, and from Foo- chow to 30th March, i but'there'is little of in- terest to refer to. ' From Bangkok to 27th March ono vessel had sailed with rice. MEETINGS OP OIlEDITOns. A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. D. Williams and Co., storekeepers, Ballarat, was held in the beginning of the month. The liabilities amount to £10,000, ,of which one creditor was secured by trade bills to the extent of £3,000. The assets, including stock and good debts, were estimated at £4,150, and the bad and doubtful debts at £2,000.. After some discussion, a resolution, was passed that the estate should be assigned to Messrs. Thoneman and Paton, for tho benefit of all concerned. A meet- ing in the estate of Mr. John Barber, West-, bury, Tasmania, was held on tho 8th inst. The statement submitted showed liabi- lities amounting to £12,000, £8,000 of which falls upon Melbourne crediton. The' esti- mated value of the assots was £5,200. An offer of 6b. per £1, made by tho .insolvent,' was rejected, andi instead it was agreed that an assignment should bo made in favour of Messrs. Haywood, representing Messrs. W. andi S. Gardiner, and Mr. Robertson, repre- senting Messrs. W. Watson and Sons.- Meet- ings of the creditors of Mr. Hugo Kleeborger, storekeeper, Sandhuist, were held on the' 13th and 14th inst.,, at Scott's Hotel. The statement showed liabilities amounting to £5,589, and assets estimated at £4,410. Hie estate was assigned to Messrs. Klem and Grant, two of his creditors. EXCHANGE AND MONEÏ. " Exchange this month is a trifle easier, the rate for this mail being fixed at three-quarters per cent, premium for sixty days' sight bank bills. On the rates of discount and interest there is no change. Money is abundant for all purposes. Six and seven per cent respec- tively is charged for bills at three and four months, and eight percent for longer periods. On deposits of twelve months four per cent, interest is allowed, threo por cent, on deposits of four and six months, and two per cent, on threo months' deposits. , STOCK AND STATIONS. From'the interior wo leam through the Pastoral Times thatstock'agents and buyers are scouring the northern districts for store cattle of a superior kind, but it is difficult to discover them in quantity consistent wdth the domand for them. Conapaira and Scrubby Range stations (Upper Murrum- bidgee district) have beon sold, with 15,000 sheep, at satisfactory prices. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. sold by tender, by order of tho trustees of tho late Mr. Edward Kearney, Lockhart station, in the Wimmera district, with about 25,000 sheep, to Messrs. Robertson and Sons, at a satisfactory price, for cash. Mcssis. Hastings Cuningham and Co. re- port tho salo to Mr. D. Macpherson of the Lake Victoria station, with 44,000 sheep, on private terms. TASMANIAN CABLE CHAKGES. " The result of the conference botweon the Government and Mr. J. W. Blackett, tho managor of the submarino electric telegraph cable, on the subject of charges, is," says the Hobart Toiun Mercury, " not so satisfactory as could have been wished. The Govern- ment agrees to reduce the charges on the Tasmanian land lines, and to use their influence to induce tho Governments of the other colonies to do the same, simultaneously with the reduction of charges for the use of the cable ; but Mr. Blackett plainly says that he has no power to reduce the charges without a reference to the London directors of the com- pany." As connected with the same subject, we may add that Captain Sherard Osborne, R.N., the mannging director of the Telegraphic Construction and Maintenance Company, in introducing to Sir Richard Dry, tho manager of tho Tasmanian-Victorian cabio, Mr. John Wilson Blackett, wrote as follows :-''I have much pleasure in informing you that this company has entered into a contract for lay- ing a cable from Bombay to Suez next winter, which will bring_ British India within a few hours' telegraphic communication of Eng- land, and we shall now proceed to carry out some combination, by which Australia and Tasmania may, in 1871, be conneoted by a system of submarino cables with either Ceylon or Burmah, and thenco your telegrams will pass across India to Great Britain- a route which, when complete, ought to place Aus- tralia within a day's telegraphic communica- tion of London." THE BANKS. Colomiaii Bank -Tho gonoral abstract showing tlio avoraao imiount of tho liabilities and assois of tho Colonial Bunk of Australasia, taken from tho sevoral weekly statements during tho quarter from tho 1st January to Slat March, 1809 :-Liabilities-Notoa In circulation, not bearing lotorest, £00,477 Ids. lid. ; bills In circulation, not bearing interest, £1,822 lo. lOd. ; batáneos duo to other banks, £12,432 2s. Sd. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £350,885 12s. lOd ; deposits, hearing Interest, £541,532 17s. lOd. Total amount of liabilities, £1,015,160 11b. Sd. Assets Coined gold and silver ami othor «olnod motáis, £213.00S5s Od.; gold and silver In bullion or bars, £16,718 18i. 8d. ; landed property, £63,205 10a. lid. ; »otos and bills of other banks, £11,039 4s. 8d ; balances élue from other batiks, £01,179 Si ; amount of all dobts duo to the bank, including notoa, billa of exchange, and all stock and funded dobts of every description excepting notes, bills and balances duo to tho said bank from othor banks, £1,151,532 4s. fid. Total amount of assola, £1,609,811 ltts. Oil. Tho return also includos tho following : -Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho closo of tho qiurtor ond tag 81st March. 1800, £487,600 ; roto of the last dividend doclarod to tho shareholders, 8 per cent, por annum ; amount of tho last dlrtdond doclarod, £17,500 ; amount of the reserved prouts at tho timo ol declaring such dividend, £47,500. English, Scottish, and Australian Ciiaktkred Ba>,k.-Tho general abstract showing tho average amount of tbo liabilities «id assets of tho English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, taken from tho several weekly statements during the ¡quarter from tho 1st January to 31st March, 1869: -Liabilities-Notes in circulation, not bearing in- terest, £44,166 Sa. Id.; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £1,638 Os. 2d. ; balances due te other banks, £3,289 10s 3d. ; dopesits, not bearing interest, £148,047 16«, lid,; deposits, bearing in forest, £216,701 17s, 4d Tetal amount of 11a billtiei, £418,735 16s. Od. Assets-Coined «old and silver, and other coined metals, £68,463 7s. Id. ; gold and silver in' bullion or bars, £1,833 12a 3d. ; landed property, £22.276 12s. 2d. ; notes and bills of other banks, £0,068 Is. Id. ; bnlances duo from other banks, £12,000 0s. lid. ; amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of i ox . chango, and all stock and fundod debts of evory do scrlptlon, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to tho said bank from othor banks, £511,010 6s. Total amount of assets, £248,784 10s. Od. The re- turn also includes tho following ¡-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho closo of the quarter end- ing 81st March, 1800, £600,000; rata ot tho last dividend declared to tho shareholders, 7 per cent, per annum ¡ amount of the lost dividend dcclarod, ¡621.C00 ; amount of tho reserved profits at tho timo of dedaring such dlvldond, £46,000. ' ' BAMt OP NEW SOUTH WALES. Tho following is tho' thirty-seventh roport of the dlrcotors of the Bank of Now South Waloo to tho half-yearly general meeting of tho proprietors, hold at tho chief banking houi>e on Wednesday, tho 28th day1 of April, 1809 : " The director« ha\o the pleasure to place before tho shareholders a statement of the assets and liabilities of tho bank on tho 81st ultimo, duly certified by the auditors'roport and declaration :-The not profits for the half year, after deducting rebato on current blllB, Interest on deposits, providing for bad and doubtful debts, reducing valuation of bank premises, and pay- ing taxes on noto circulation, amountto £75,370 1 11 To whioh Is to be added- ' ' Undivided balance from last year .. 4,507 16 0 Giving for distribution .., .. ..£79,883 10 11 Which the dírc'ctors'recomui'end tobe appropriated as follows:- ' ' ' ' Tu payment of di\ idond at the rato of J - ' ' 16 pt r cent, por annum .. .. £76,000 0 0 To balance carried to profit and loss, > ntw account ,."4,883 10 11 1 , £79 883 10 11 i " Within tho last six móViths agencies' of the bank have been established at tho Spring Greek and Eldo- rado diggings, i In Victoria, and the branch at Hamil- ton, in that colony, lins been withdrawn. Tho Staf- ford and Brighton gold agencies, In Now Zealand, have been discontinued, and agencies of a Uko nature esta- blished at Greenstone and Grahamstown, In the mimo colony. The dividend will ho payable at the head office to morrow, and at the branchos on receipt of advice-For and on behalf of the directors, "Thomas Walker, President." Aggregate Balance-sheet of the Bank of New South i Wales. March 31,1S09. , ; (Including London Branch to Slut December, 1868, and New Zealand Branches to IstMarch, 1860.) Dr To bank stock .. i.£1,000,006 0 0 To reservo lund., j. 833,383 6 8 To notes in circulation.. .. ;. 630,364 0 0 Tohills pajable.2,293,076 0 1 To deposit« and other liabilities! .. 6,083,820 18 0 To profit and lo?s " .. '.'. 106,162 10 9 £0,446,668 10 6 Cr. By coln and cash balances .. ., £2,161,863 17 11 By bullion in hand and in transit to, i > London. 858,798 16 8 By Government securities .. ' .'. 26,216 17,11 By notes of other banks .. ' .. 19.749 o'O By bank premises . 176,900 16 4 By bills receivable, bills discounted, i ti and.othcr debts due to,tl)e bank .. 6,212,632 8 1 By insurance account. 2,085 14 7 ' ' £9,416,063 10 6 Profit and Loss, March 31,1800. ' Dr. ' ' liar. 31, 1S6S; ' ' To rebate (at ourrent rates) on bills dil- > counted not due at this date .. £26,268 10 10 To dhidend at the rate of 15 per cent. ,, fitraimiin .76,000 0 0 To balance carried to profit and loss, new account .. . 4,883 16 11 i £105,152 16 9 Cr. , , Sept 30,1868. By amount (rom last account .. .. £4,597 16 0 Mar 31,1869 By balance of half-year's profits, after providing fer i bad, and doubtful debts, and including recoveries from J dobts previously wiittenoff as had.. 109,645 > 1 9 . i ' £105,162 16 0 The National Bank.-The annual meeting of tho shareholders of the National Bank of Australa&ia; was held on the -lthinet., at thoir offices in Collins-street, the Lion Sir Francis Murphy presiding. The attendance was good, and the usual resolutions confirmatory of the,report and halance-sheet-published in our summary of last month-wero proposed and carried. , Jk NEW WOOLLEN FACTORY. ' ' The second woollen factory at Geelong, now being erected by Messrs. Gray, Robin- son, and Co., is rapidly approaching comple- tion. Tho walls of the building are up ready for the'roofing, and in about 'three weeks or .a month it'is expébted to be in a state of pre- paration for' the reception of the machinery, now on its way to the colony. , , COAL IK NEW ZEALAND. An extensive seam of coal is stated to havo been discovered in the Awamoko district, New Zealand, by Messrs. Simms and Willett. The following account of the discovery and its probable value is given by the Oamaru Times of 23rd April:-"Having discovered on tho face of a hill, laid bare hy an exten- sive landslip near. Fin Valley Farm, a dark substance cropping! out, which, when ex- amined, provcdi to ibe a greasy lignite, of the appearance and consistency of soap, Messrs: Simms and Willett commonced a drive into the hill, at which thoy worked from timo to time, until they had tunnelled close upon 100 feet-still hoping, but still failing, to Und hard, inflammable coal. They abandoned tho i tunnel, which they had driven hori- zontally into the hill.i and proceeded to sink a number of shafts, at a higher level. Theso shafts were in all six in number, and of a depth varying from thirty to sixty feet. A vein of dead lignite was struck in three of them, but good hard coal waa not met with until the sixth shaft had been sunk to a depth of nearly forty feet, when the miner's pick i was heard to ring upon the anxiously sought for mineral. The vein was bottomed,: and found to bo thirteen feet in thickness. The coal, having been burned both in a stovo aud on the hearth, ia said to have proved freely inflammable, very lasting, and to emit a powerful heat. It is described as "unlike the brittle and soft lignite usually obtained and offered for sale in New Zealand, being hard and firm, so that it will bear carriage or shipment as well as English coal." IMPOSTS AND EXP0IITS. The following table gives the imports and exports since tho beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 18G8 : Week ending Imports Exports. 1809. Jan. 2.. Jan. 0.. Jan. 10. Jan. 23.. Jan. 30.. Feb. 6.. Feb. 13.. Feb. 20.. Feb. 27.. Mar. 0.. Mar. 13.. Mar. 20.. Mar. 27.. April 8.. April 10.. April 17.. April 24.. May 1 May 8 May 15.. £ 212,880 230,520 248,106 242,061 821,700 307,835 222,071 810,310 212,403 176,313 169,160 193,929 220,858 104,703 201,030 133,801 237,735 143,061 208,808 213,100 853,055 840,064 410,768 817,132 800,607 263,442 227,920 246,611 296,695 170,607 106,097 169,656 172,261 180,567 217,551 127,309 260,315 178,047 142,860 £ 183,677 414,009 403,509 213,774 360,773 531,002 877 252 73,08i 487,000 403,899 i31,725 272,703 228,663 254,039 84,423 142,092 235,811 438,610 39,788 145,171 £ 207,790 600,200 247,188 418,410 73 569 304,017 323,813 342,372 160,141 316,139 231,639 77,487 220,019 170,838 105,005 118,155 518,637 75,590 241 446 38,112 4,409,570 I 4,770.994 5.972,234 4,774,504 During the first period the account stood thus : Imports .£4,409,570 Experts .. .. 6,072,234 Balance of experts over imports £1,602,064 During the second period : Imports .£4,770,994 Exports .. .. , .. .. 4,774,504 Balance of exports over imports £3,610 Comparing tho above periods with each other, the íesults are as under: Imports in 1808 .. . .. .. £4,409,670 Imports in 1869 .4,770,994 Increase in 1869.£301,424 Exports in 1808 .£5,972,231 Exports in 1809 .4,771.604 Decrease in 1869.£1,197,730 STOCKS IN BOND, The following wero the stocks in bond at Melbourne on the 15th May:-Brandy, 5,105 hhd., 37,082 cases; rum, 832^ hhd., 189 cases ; geneva, 71 hhd., 70,831 cases red, 3,634 do. green ; whiskey, 657i hhd., 3,206 cases ; gin (sweetened), 21Mihd., 5,792 cases ; cordials, G7C cases ; spirits of wine, 22 hhd. : other spirits, 2 hhd., 5,377 coses ; wine, 4,778? hhd., 14,145 cases ; beer, 1,304 hhd., 16,107 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufac- tured), 1,109 half-tierces, 851 quarter tierces, 10,492 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 8,362 cases ; do. (unmanufactured), 288 hhd. and casks, 429 cases, 1,901 bales ; candles, 603 chests, 23,550 boxes ; kerosene, 115,743 cases ; cigars, 4931 cases ; flour, 4,690 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 147 cases ; tea, 23,209 chests, 48,551 half-chests, 38,055 boxes ; coffee. 7,458 bags, 0 tierces, 510 casks, 237 barrels ; chicory, 601 cases ; sugar Mauritius, 20,500 bags ; Manilla, 39,331 bags j Java, 9,408 bags ; other, 457 tons, 25 cases and casks; wheat, 6,918 bags; opium (pre- pared), 48 packages ; do. (unprepared), 1 package ; oats, 17,384 bags ; hops, 1,217 pockets ; rice, 159,145 bogs, 53 barrels ; salt, 9,673 bags ;*. vinegar;<56 cases, 99 casks. I GOIiD SHIPS THAT HAVE'SAILED.* ">" The following is a list of the ships taking gold' which have sailed hence since tho publication of («px, lost summary, together with the quantities and desti- nations:-i Ii 1 1 1' l' .> '' '|CJ° Dato i of Ship. Sailing. \ Destination. Ounces.'1 April'24 White Bose (uddi-l J J | tional clearance) London .. '.. 9,982 April 24 Jerusalem .. London .. . j 10,485 ¡April 26Malu, i .. ..iGallo . ,78,830 May 4..,QreatBritain ..Liverpool V. 82,603 May C,¡Lincolnshire ..London".. ..J ,9,091 The total amount of gold exported from the colony since the beginning of the year' la 1674,160 ounces, of which 64,850 ounces were transhipped from Now Zealand During; the corresponding period of the previous year tho entire quantity exported wasj 849,090 ounces, and of tills, total 79,374 ounces wero from New Zealand. ' , MELBOURNE 'MONTHLY "WOOL ' REPOBT. " Messrs, B. Goumdkouou and Co. report:-"Wool. -The business transacted during the past month has been very limited, tho Bales being few and nnlmpor tent. The advice« received from the English murket by last mail steamer, confirming tho telegrams re- ceived the previous month,) have had a depressing effect, andpricoimay be quoted from iii. told, per pound low er since receipt of tho news It waa generally antici- pât ed that thu rates ruling ii) the March serios of sales would be equal to thosoJof "November, moro especially takingintoeonsideratiouthofactthat-ostofthoclipito bbofforcdwero oarefullygotupandlngood ordor This, 'however, does notappeartohavo boen thecaso.tho largo quantity brought forward counteracting any benoflt that might otherwise have accrued Tills reduction brings prices to the level of last August rates, and. It is not clear that an* Improvement can be ex- pected1 in the face of the largo quantities to'be brought fotward in May and July. It remains for the settlers to direct all their efforts towards Improving their stock, and thus counteract the reduction in prices Tho weather continues very favourable, grass being abundant, And thero is every prospect of a good season. Shipments during the month are :-May 4, Great Britain, 017 huies ; May 0, Lincolnshire, 083 bales, total 1,806 bales ; add previous shipments, 200,535 bales ; total October 1,1868, to date, 201,840 bales. We glvp the following as being the prices now current :-Greasy-Inferior, 4d. to 5d ; ordinary, Gd. to 7d. ; average to good, 7Jd. to 9d ; good to superior, 9d to'lid. Fleece-Inferior, lOd. to Is. ; ordinary to average. Is 2d to Is 4d ¡average to good, l8. 4d. to Is. 7(1 ; good to superior, Is 7d to Is lOd. Scoured-Inferior 9d. to lid.; ordinary, la to Is. 3d ; middMng to good, is. 4(1. \o Is. fid. ; good to superior, Is. Gd, to Is. 8d. Hides -Prices are a shade lower nineo receipt of last advices from the English market Thero ure no shipments to advise, nearly all that come forward being takon by the tanners for local use Good wet-salted aro woftli 4d to 4jd. per pound 1 allow.-There hu been an active demand through- out the month, and prices haye advanced. Wo quote beef, £33 10s to £85 ; mixed, £36 to £37, and mutton, £88 to £39 iOs nor ton, at which quotations sales aro being effected Tho supply Is limited, and almost entirely absorbed for colonial uso Tho only clearance is a parcel of 42 casks por Lincolnshire " The London and Australian Auhncv CORroiUTiot report.-" Wool.-Wo havo sold a few lots of greasy wool, bj auction, during the month. Up to the arrival of the mall prices poid have, as a rule, been good, the fellmongers having been wishful to purchaso greasy for the purpoie of mixing with their skin wools, arid, therefore, prices were well maintained. The arrival of the European mall on the 13th inst., bringing such disastrous accounts of tho homo wool murket, hi|s had a disheartening offset upon shippers and .growers which has, howover, with tho latter to some extent beon counteracted by the grateful chango that has taken place in the weather, which has been of a inoBt gontal ' and seasonable cha- racter, the wholo face of the country having changed, and now presenting an abundance of feed and water for tho stock, where before wero only arid wasted Owing to the drought the condition of tho stock generally has been latterly very indifferent; and those who were'fortunato enough to bo situated out of ils influence have accordingly benefited by tho high prices lately ruUng for fat stock.í With the im- proved condition of tho roads, stock can again bn brought to market, and prices will again fall to a nominal figuro,"by which tho various meat-preserving ccmpamçs »ill bo enabled to resume their operations, which have for some time back been suspended. The Intelligence of tho favourablo reception in the Euro penn markets of their productions has been well ro cch ed hero, as the slaughter of bo large a quantity of stock as can bo disposed of in this form will tond to steady market values and prevent any undue depres- sion. Tho following ehipH have cleared since our last, \lz. :-April 23, Whito Hose, 1,257 bales ; April 21, JciUBalem, 700bales ;'Máy 4, Great Britain, 017 bales ; May 6, Lincolnshire, 688 bales, total, 3,322 bales To which add previous shipment« from 12th October, 1808,107,020 bales Grand total, 200,961 bates. Tho weekly shipments have been aa below, v iz :-For the week ending April 24, 331,0501b , value £34,405 ; May 1, 78,2S0lb , value £4,694 ; May 8, 235,6081b , value £16,234; total, 846,4441b, ' value £54,883. To winch add previous shipments from 12th September,> 1808 to 17th April,. I860, 45,212,9901b., value £2,706,800 Grand total, 40,058,434, valuo £2,761,199. Tullow.j-Tbo shipments of tho month amount to 884 CDslis ; of \Wb number 766 casks were shipped in the 1\Hit« Rose before the lost mail left, although the ship did not clear before. The demand for local con sumption is so great that shlppors arc nearly «hut out of tho market. We now quote mutton at £38 per ton, while beef and mixed commands from £35 to £37 per ton. Hides -An over supply has caused prices to recede a ti i Ho from lost month's quotations Our sales hav e reached 4d per lb for wet salted. Sheep- skins -This market has beon fully supplied Prices havo been well maintained, and purchasers clear all offered. Our sales have beep up to 6 jd. per lb Since the mall orri ved, however, there has boon loss eagerness to purchase, and prices show a down« ard tendency." ' , ~ l " Messrs HAsmos Cul-tonAii and Co. roport' " We haio llttlo business to report since our last summary, the quantity forward boing limited, and. confined to small lots in ordinary condition, and to fellmongers' parcels ¡of scoured .wools, which have been placed direct on hoard tho ships for the London market Tho result of the February and March serios of sa'es has caused censiderablo excitement amongst thoso connectod with the trade here, and wo look forward w Ith some anxiety to tbo reports on the progress of the Hay scries Wo havo sold greasy at from Gd, to Sd. per lb No fleece or scourod wools have been offered for bale Freights remain steady at id. per lb. all round We arc advised of several clip» being en route Jfrom the Darling district, river navigation having been resumed m consequence of the lato rainB. Favourablo weather continues, and we have encouraging accounts from all parts of tho country. The shipments since lost report havo been as follow s : -From Hobson'» Bay-Great Britain, G17 bales, cleared May 4, Lincolnshire, 688 bales, cleared May G. Total, 1,306 balett Previous shipments, 201,087 bales. Total shipments from Soptember 14,1888, to May G, 1889-205,892 bales ; total shipments from Octobor 1, 11867, to May 21, 1808-105,373 balea ; corresponding period 1860 67-16b 816 bales Sheepskins -Wo havo had two sales per week bIiico last roport, at which large [quantities have boon sold at good prices. Quotations, beforo the arrival of tho English market, reached 3s 8d for skins with this month's wool, but the prices now obtainable vary from 2s. to 8s, accord- ing to condition and length of wool. Dried pelts, from 0(1. to mjd. each, biatlon skins havo Bold at from 3d to 7d. per lb. Hides.-Thero has beon a large supply, and prices have been well maintained, the local tanners being the principal buyors Heavy- weights command the most attention, and our sales have been atf rom 20s to29s6d each light, and from 14s. to 18s each, and calfskins at from 8Jd. to 6Jd. por lb. Thero aro no shiprni-ts to report. Tallow has been in good demand, but thero has not beon much offered The soapboilers havo bought largoly, and paid for beef from £33 to £35 per ton ; mixed, from £35 to £37 per ton ; and mutton, from £37 to £89 per ton The shipments amount to forty two casks only. Kangaroo Ekins -We have sold extensively, and tho prices obtained have been satisfactory, at an advance upuu late quotations 1 ho buj era for shipment havo done tho most business in this product Prices variod from 2s to 26s 3d. per dozen, according to sizo and condition. MELBOURNE MARKETS. Wednesday, May 19. the mills. Tbc market is rather dull ; dealers, In the loco of recent arrivals, only buying to supply ImmodUto wants. Prices are not firm, but the following quota- tions have been realised sinco the week «poned : First-class sIlk-dreBsed flour, £14 to £1410s. ; seconds, £13 10a. j bran,Is. 7d. tola 8u.; pollard, la. lOd. to 2s. ; meal, £23; »arloy,£32. RETAIL MARKETS. Owing to tho largo supply of shoop brought forward, mutton Is easier, but tho other Hems of butchers' moat remain unaltered. Eggs aro firm, and butter Is scarcoly so easy. The current rates aro as follow :-Beef, 3d. to 7Jd. por lb. ; mutton, Sid. to ed. per lb. ; veal, ed. per lb. ; pork,8d. per lb. Poultry.- Fowls, 33.6U to 6s. per pair; geese, 8s. to lui. do. ; ducks, 4s. Gd. to 6s. do. ; turkeys, 12s. to Ids. do. ; choeso, Od. to Is. 4d. por lb. ; eggs, 2s. Cd. to 2s. 8d. per dozen ; butter, Is. lOd. to 2s. 2d. per lb. ; bread, 6d. to 7d. per 41b. loaf ; milk, Od. por quart ; hams, Is. 2d. to Is. 4d. per lb. ; bacon, la. to Is. 2d. per li. HAY MARKET. Business 1b very doprossed, and transactions aro limited. Prices as given below aro far from Btaady, and a few Inferior loads of hay and straw have boon sold at a trifle under the following quotations :-Hay, £0 10s. to £8; straw, £310s. to £4. EASTERN MARKET. Tho markot was poorly supplied with all kinds of produce this morning, owing to the late rains. The attendance was also below the average, and prices, excopt for first-class stocks, woro easy. The following «oro til o ruling rates :-Vogetablos. -Jerusalem artichokes, ljd. por lb. ; basil, la. 6d. to 2s. per dozen bunches ; beor,, 0d. to la. por dozen bunches ; bouqueta, 4s. to 0s. por dozen ; cabbages, Is. to 2a. per dozen ; carrots, 8d. per dozen bunches ; cauliflowers, 0s. to 7s. per dozen ; celery, 2s. to 6s. por dozen ; cross, water, 0d. to Od. per Cozen bunches ; garlic, 4d. per lb. ; horse- radish, 3s. to Os por dozen sticks; leeka, Gd. to Od. per dozen bunches ; lettuce, Gd. to la. per dozon ; marjoram, Od. per dozen bunches ; onions, dried, 16s. per cwt. ; do., green, Od. per dozen bunches ; parsley, Gd. to Od. per dozen bunches ; parsnips, Od. to 1b. per doren bunches ; poos, 3d. per lb, ; potatoes, Gs, to 8s, por cwt. ; pumpkins, 4s. to 10s. per dozen ; ladisbes, 4d. to Gd. per dozen bunches ; Bago, Od. per dozen bunches ; Bavoys, Is. to Is. Gd. per dozen ; spinnen, 3d. por UV. ; thyme, Od. per dozon buncbes ; turnips, Gd, to Is. 3d. per dozen buncbes ; toma- toes, Id. per lb. ; vegetable marrows, la. to 2s. per dozen. Fruit«. - Apples, 3d. por lb. ; figs, 2d. per dozen ; grapes, 3d. to 6d. per lb. ; melons, preserving, 2s. to 8s. per dozen ; pears, 3d. to 4d. per ib.; quinces, ljd. to 2d. per lb. Dairy Produce. -Butter, Is. Sd. to 2s. per lb. ; cheese, Od. per lb. ; duck«, 6s. per pair ; eggs, 2s. 2d. to 2s. 4d. per dozen ; geese, 8s. to 0s. per pair ; bens, 8s. per pair ; boney, Gd. to 7d. per lb. ; pigeons, 2s. to Sa. per pair; pork, Gd. to 8d. per lb. ; rabbits, 2s. Gd. to 4s. per pair; sucking pigs, 6s. to 6s. each; turkeys, 8s. to 12s, per pair ; haiiifl, Is. 2d. per lb. ; bacon, Is. per lb. ' LIVE BTO0K. Messrs. Daimauoy Cahi'uell and Co.'s monthly report :-" Fat Cattle.-During the past four weeks tho supply of cattle has been quite equal to the require- ments-principally good quality, from Gipps Land ; but owing to the fall in the sheep market, the price ol fbeet Is easier, best quality selling at 25s. per 1001b.' Wo /-liuvo this week sold 122 for Mr. Tym. Sllorwlnj ; f rom ..Colao, tho" bullocks averaging £10 2s.,'tho cows £7.10).;: ai7bulIockslörMr.W.Poarson,Kilmany-park,ai£86j.;i .85 do. for Mr. Aloxander Smith, Lltidouoyr, at £7 Os Od ;' 61 for Mr. Wm. M'Millan, Caldermeade, at £10 'is ; 68 for the executors of tho lato Mr. R. Thomson, Clydebank; at £7 2s.¡60 for.Mr. Wm. Thomson', .Airly, at £7 10s 3d. ; ¡Ujjfor Sir. Edward CrookoJ L 'Holey rialns, at £8 Us. ; and 10, far Messrs. Turnbull 'andHenderson, Lojaug, at £0 2a.. Fat Sboop_Sinco, ,our last monthly lopsrt the supplies hnvo gradually Increased, and latterly the market has ,becn completely glutted, principally with interior descriptions, consequently prices havo> receded 'about 6s. on, tonner,,quotations.. 541b. to 601b. wethers ore now [ worth fronn 12s. to | 14s. Our sales this week havo boen 3,032 owes, for Messrs. tt'Gaw, M'Kinnon, and Co., Burrabogie; 1,033owes and wethcrb for Mr. James C. Graiälo, Poon Boon ; 400 wethers for Mr. Alexander Smith, Lindenow ; 550 do., for, Mr, W. H. Smith, Bairnsdale; 300 do., for -Mr. .George S. Tozer, Warrnambool; 100 owes, for Messrs. Grant, Pentlancl-hllls ; and a small draft for Mr. Walker, at currout ratos. Store Cattle.-There is still a brisk demand at tho following quotations :-Best bullocks over three years old, from 80s. to 00a. ; best cow« (speyed), from 60s. to 70s. ; mixed sexes, from 65s. to 70s. Store Sheep.-Six and olght toothod wotbors aro in fair re- quest, but very few inquirió) for other descriptions. Wo have «old 4,600'four-tootlicd wethers, at 4s. Gd., dcllTcrcd near Hay ; also, 2,000 dry owe», dollvorod on tho Yarra, at 3s., usual terms." l ? ' ! REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. iThere bas been a largo and generally natisractory business since the last mall's departuro. Tho demand has been steady, and there havo been ne very violont fluctuations. 3 boro is, however, a cloud which threatens the share market indirectly. Tho arrange 1 nient which has been for somo lime existing amongst tho banka with regard to interest on deposit*, has boon dlbtnrbcd, and competition lias already Increased the value of money on deposit iccaipt by 1 per' («int. Mx months' deposits (axed) have been done at 4, the previously ruling rato being 3 per cont. per annum. Tho benefit of tho, former reduc- tion in interest iate« is traceablo In the im- proved valuo of real property and laud, a more assured market for all kinds of investments, a stimulus to new industries,' manufactures, &«., an advance In the valuo of all Btocks uni Bharos of perma- nent character, an increase of buildings, and a do crease of insolvencies. It by competition amongst the banks tbo interest rate bo again raised, much of tho good that bos been done will bo undone. Debonture securities were all firm until the last few days, when Hi« threatened increase in the pnce.ol money and a prospect of the balonco of the Victorian loan with- drawn from the London market being oflorcd here, lowered them a half per cent. Banks havo boen largely dealt in without ruuch chango of pricoi. Gas com Eanles remarkably Bteady, and tho market ' bare, miranee shares are in some casos bettor, but in no instance worse, than lost month. Hobson's Bay Railway shares fluctuato very little, but thore Is nothing of moment done in them. Alinea, of course, occupy the first placo in public Interest They rcpro-, Bint a national pursuit, and their management has been so aystemalised and is bo much botter understood than formorly that à groat many of tbo wealthy timid class have laid out tholr money in mining ventures. There has been a fortunato pause in tho rago for now quartz companies. Tbo disposition in their favour ran considerable risk of being overdone, and the check now will conduce to tho ultimate advantago of the market. The fickle fancy of the public has for a time gone over to alluvial ventures, and pricesof many of the principal Ballarat mines have irupro\cd oonsidorably. The yields have, generally Bpeaking, been very satisfac- tory. The Strlngor'B Creek district in Gipps Land bas ' behn gaining in public favour of late. Alexandra is neglected. Mount Blackwood has a fowfrlonds. The old Bendigo diutrlct shows symptoms of a great mining revival. Mount Egorton is making fair pro- gress. Clunes holds a torn ard place in public confi- dence. Maldon quito neglected. Matters in the Beechworth district show i-ymptoms of a tojiporary re- action from a former condition of excessive excitement. Debentures -Victoria Government bixos sold at 113}, 114, und a good demand at 113, sellora at 113}. Fives sold at 103. Some Hobson'» Bay Railway six per cents, offered at 104}. Melbourne Corporation sixes worth nearly 100. Sydney Corporation nixes obtain- able at 107. Banks.-Colonial Bunk receded during the month to £7 10b. Od., and considerable eales were made at that and £717s Gd., Bales sinco up to £8 6i., and now there arc sellers at £8 2s Od. Commercial Bank havo becomevery scarce ¡sales up lo £5 12s. Gd., and .that or more demanded ; moro shares change hands than of any other bank. National Bank aro firm ; cum div. they touched £7, and vx dlv. of 5s. per shore they havo been last sold at £G 14s., £614s. Od., £0 16b. Bank of New South Wales wanted at £44 10a. Bank of Victoria aro worth £42, which is 1 a great deal better than last London quotation. Land Mortgogo Bank held for £2 8s. Gas Companies. Ballarat Gas never offered. Bendigo Gas in demand , at £3 }0s., and £4 Ib asked. Collingwood Gas wanted at ¿C7 15s., and £8 demanded. Geelong Gas sold at '£4 15i. Melbourne Goa worth £G 2s Od., and not (btsinablo readily. Insurance Companies.-Austral- asian Fire and Moline Insurance sold up to 14s., at which they are still to bo had. Austtulasian Life wanted, at 22s., at which sales i have boon modo. Australian Alliance Bold at 20a., and that is bid ; 21s. asked. National Fire Insurance worth 7s,' Gd., and 8s. Gd, demanded, Victoria Life and General IUsuranco wanted at £3, and, Homo to be had under '£3 2a Gd.' Viotdrla Fire and Marine sold at £83, and offered at sama ; £32 bid. Southern Insurance not dealt in all tho month ; nomi- nal value, 27s. Gd. Miscellaneous Companies. Bendigo Waterworks cold at 35s., Hobson's Bay Rail- way Wanted at £6110s., and £5210s. would not bo refufced. The dividends for tho four weeks ending' 16th Moy amount to the largo sum of £161,606 ; of this sum £84,126 is derived from public compauies, other than mining, declaring, their annual or balf . yearly dividends-viz. : Vitoria Fire and Marine In- surance Company (annual), £3 per share (£12,000); Colonial Bank (half- jc'orlj), at rato of 8 per cent '(£17,600); 'Victoria leo Company (annual),, at | rate of 12J per'cent. (£876); Bank of New South Wales (half-yearly), at rats of 16 per cent, (estimated Victorian proportion, £7,5U0); Melbourne Bank Corporation (half-yearly) at rato of 10 per cent. (£6,000) ; National Bank of Australasia (hall yearly) at rate of 12} per cont., Including bonus, £41,250. Hie mining dividends amount to £07,440. Of this, twenty-one quartz mines contributo £30,500, and eighteen alluvial mines £80,880. The mining divi- dends In detail aro:-For week ending 24th April Albert. Alexandra, 5s. per 2,400th ; Allionco, Bendigo, Is ¡per 22,600th,; Argus, Bendigo, Gd, por 20,000th ; Band and Albion Consols, Ballarat, 5s. por 22,600th ; Creswick Grand Trunk, £2 per aliare ; Golden Stream, Scandale, 6s per 2,000th ; Grand Trunk, Springdallah, 10a. per 1,600th ; Happy Valley, Buckland, 15s. por 3,000th; North Specimen-lull, Bendigo, Gd. por 15,000th; New North Clunos, Clunes, £2 per 2,050th ; ' Park, Ballarat, 8s. per 12.800th ; Sadowa, Talbot, £5 per share ; St. Georgo and Band of Hope, Ballarat, 5s. per 8,200th. For wee|c ending May 1-Albion, Steiglitz, 10b. per shnro ; Bonshaw, £2 por 3,300th ; Galatea, Scarsdale, 6s per sharo; Hopo Company, Wood's Point, fia. Od. per 12,000tb ; Koh-i-noor, Balla- rat, £1 per 3,200th ; Magnum Bonum, 10s. per 450th. F*r week ending May 8-Alliance, Bendigo, Is. per 22 600th; Band and Albion Consols, 2s. Gd. per 22,600th ; Coliman and Tacchi, Bendigo, £2 10s. per (Kith ; Duke of Cornwall, Durham Lead, 2s. per 2,000th ; Great Gulf, Ballarat, 2s. Od. per 8,O00th ; Kneebone, Eldorado, 6s. per 7,000th ; New North Clunes, Clunes, £2 per 2,050th; Prince Alfred.Bondigo, Is. Gd. per 4,000th; Red Jacket, Bright, £1 per 3,000th ; St. George and Band of Hopo, 8s. per 3,200th ; Sir .John Franklin, Wood's Point, 15s. per 2,400th. For week ending Moy 16-Break o'-Day, Rokewood, 10s per 8,000th ; Extended Sons ol Frcodom, Chil- tern, 8s. per share ; Hunt's Company, Gaffnoy's Creek, 10s per 1,200th ; Koh-i-noor, llallarot, 5s. per 3,200th; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 6s. per 450th; Monument-hill (tributers), Sandhurst, £1 per 240th; Walhalla, Stringer's Croek, £6 por «00th ; Young Chum, Bendigo, Gd. per 2O,000th. Tho principal mining fluctuations of prices during the four weeks havo been:-Band and Albion Consols, £4 10s. to £6 6s., and back to £4 15s. ; Bonshaw, from £160 to £105, and back to £185 ; Break o'-Day. £7 6i. to £0 16s., and up to £7 ; Koh I noor, Ballarat, £8 to £0 6s. ; Park, £10 7s Gd. to £8 16s, and up to £0 10s ; St. Georgo and Band, £4 17s. Gd. to £8 5s. ; United Albion and Prince of Wales, £1 5s. to £3 15s ; Working Miners', from £5 5s. to £415s. ; Wellington, Eldorado, £G to £5 17s. Gd. ; Kneebone, £6 10s. to £6 6s. ; All Saints', £6 15s. to £4, and up to £4 5s ; Ballarat and Clunes, £2 10s. to £2 ; Groat Northern Junction, £12 to £16 ; New Hollaud, £2 5s. to £2 ; Hand and Band, £25 to £20 10s ; Alliance, Bendigo, 16s. to 14s. ; Albion, Steiglitz, £24 ; Black Horse, £3'J to £87 ; Cathcrino United, 4s. to 6b. Gd. ; Great Bri- tain, Bendigo, Gs. to 10s. Gd. ; Hustler's Rocf, 8s. to 10s. ; Hope, 85s. to 45s. ; Now North Clunes, £105 to £160 ; North GlppB Land, £4 2s. Gd. to £6 ; North Hustler's Roof, 18s. to 22s.; North Johnson'«, 5s. toOs.; St. Mungo, 2s. to 6s. Gd. ; Walhalla, Stringer's Crook, £120 to £100 ; Burns' Reef, 2s. Gd. to 4s. Od. ; Empress, £0to£l2; Flying Soud, £4 10s. to £7, and back to £0 ; Longfellow, 15s. to 40s. ; London and Australian, £10 to £8 ; Long Tunnel, £00 to £75, and back to £72. North Clunes Consols, £24 to £18; Victoria Roof Gold Mines, 10s. to 15s. The principal Bendigo^ and district yields during the month (omitting theso under 26oz.) havo been :-For week ending April 24-Fre- derick the Great Company, Sebastian, 317oz ; Morning Light Company, 30oz. ; Nil Desporandum Company, Raywood, 180oz. ; Munro and Co., Elysian Flat, lOOoz ; North Claronco Roof Tributo, 42oz. from l8 load» ; Young Chum Company, 48oz. ; North Whip Tribute Company, 20oz ; Huntly Deep Lead Extended Company (tributers), 150oz ; Johnson's Reef Com- pany, 28oz ; Victoria Reol Quartz mining Company's tribute, 60oz. ; Catherine Reel United Company, 163oz.; Eclipso Compiny (Taylor's tribute), 04oz For week ending May 1-Collmann and Taccbl Com- pany, 220oz ; Sons of Freodora Company, Spring Creek, from 21 tons «f stone, 27oz. ; Hoskins, Tenby, and Co., Paddy's Gully, 62oz. ; Moiiuinent-hlll Tri- buto Company, 77oz. ; Georgo Elliott, Whip Reef, 50oz. ; Belle Vue, tribute, 60oz. ; Prince Alfred Tribute Company, 138oz. ; Bird's Reef, tributo, GOoz ; Victoria Reef Gold minos Company, lG3o¿. ; Alliance Company, 318oz. ; Lowe and Co., Doad dog Roof, 44oz For week ending, May 8-Frederick the Groat Company, Sebastian, 274oz. ; Morning Ligbt Company, 27oz. ; Nil Desperandum Company, 188oz ; Hlbornla Reef Freehold, 38oz. ; Huntly Deep Lead Extondcd Company's tributers', 80oz. ; Lower nuutly Deep Lead Company, GOoz. ; Comet Company, 30oz. ; John- son's Reef Company, 42oz. ; Denmark Company, 2Goz. ; Indefatigable Company, 48oz ; Sawyers and Oo., 64oz. ; Pegleg Company, 113oz. ; Catherine Reef United Com- pany, 1710Z. ; Albert Company, 5Goz. (from fifteen tonn), For week ending May 16-Prince Alfred Tribute Company, 240o¿ ; North Johnson's Com- pany, 45oz. ; Monument-hill Tributo Company, 90oz. ; George Elliott, 68oz. ; St. Mungo Company, 20oz. ; Johnson's Reef Company, 20oz. The *« Ballarat Star " furnishes tho following list of yields since proteus mail summary (four woekB) Tho roturas aro principally those of Ballarat and surrounding districts:-"Alluvial. - Atlas, lOOoz. ; Australasia, 4780Z. ; Avoncliff, OOoz ; Buninyong New, 117oz. ; Band of Hopo and Albion Consols, 4,171oz. ; Broak o'-Day, 070oz ; Ballarat and Clunes, 47oz. ; Bute, 2210Z. ; Bonshaw, 2,202oz. ; Durham, lGloz. ; Ex- tended Bona of Freedom, Chiltern, 67Goz. ; Great Gulf, 717oz. ; Grand Trunk, Creswick, 03oz. ; Great Northern Junction, 703OZ.; Grand Trunk, Springdallah, 181oz ; Golden Horn, 078oz. ; Golden Lake, 232oz. ; Galatea, 442oz. ; Goldon Stream, OSloz. ; Golden Gate, Sago-bill, 178oz. ; Junction, Creswick, 121oz. ; Koh-i-noor, 1,8400 z. ; Leviathan, 737oz. ; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 27Soz. ; Nightingale, 86oz. ; Park, l,908oz. ; Prince of .Wales, 803oz. ; St, George and Band of Hope, 1,174oz.; St. Andrew, 25oz. ; Scottish and Cornish, 297oz. : United Working Miners, 83102\. ; United Albion and Prince of Wales, 78oz. ; 'Wellington Gold and Un,, -dorado, |624oz. ; Wheal - Klttv, 730Z, ; Waverley, 19oz. Total; thirty-five com- . panles, 21,742oz. , Quartz.?-Tho following yields have. £ i been reported slnco dato of our last summary :-Black Horse, 568oz. ; Costerfield, 187oz. ; Cambrian, Tarna gulla, 142oz. ; Goldsborough, Bealiba, ,140oz, ; Home- ward Bound, Scotchman's, 40«z. ; Happy Valloy, 1230Z. ; Imporial,1 Buninyong, ilOloz ; Llanberis, 77oz.; Mount Olear, 212oz. ; Now North Olunos, 2,626oz. ; Port £hlíllpll1778oz.J; South Clunes/nooz. ; Unites *. Happy Valley, 844oti; Victoria,' Olunos; 696oz,-u j. Tot»V14 companies, 7,000oz." , m , i , , ',, j STOCK AND'SHAKE LIST. '' 1 ' ' Friday, Mat 21.'" - Amount of Loan. £j. 10000OO 800000 100OOO 1000O 135400 163300 100000 20000 0000 I, ill . (, ,, Iii . / . J ! Viet. Gov. KI wy. (local), 6 per cent. Viet Government (local), 6 per cent, Melbourne Corporation, 6 per cent. Ballarat Water, 8 per cent. Ballarat Municipal, 0'per cent.1 '.. Collingwood Gas, 7 per cent. Mel bourne Gas, 7 pel cent... llelb. & II. B. United, 8 per cent. Do,, 7 por cent. ,. Do., 0 per cont. .. .. , Do., 6 per cent.. Nolson (N.Z ) Gov.', 8 per cent. >., Otago Provincial Qov., 8 per cent. Clofline Prit««.n ' 103-104 90 82 " I1' sw ri 3 100900 OGOOOO lOOOOOO r 600000 40000 80000 24908 14000 60OOO 2980 24430 200000 126000 26000 20000, 16260 1000OO 40000 1000OO I I 68370 17870 8000 37600 12333' 60000, 120001 70OO 82840 534700 3 U , PUBHC COUrANI-.' __Ü_ £ Last div. percent. per i annum, banks, '5 Bal. Bankg. (Ihnlt) j Do , new issue i Oolonlal of Austral 6 Commercial of Ans I tralla (limited) ,. 2Molb. Bank Cprpo I 'ration (limited) . 4 National of Austral. 20NcwSouth Wales.. 2B!lVictoria(Molreg.) I ( Do. (London reg ) 2 Land Hortgogo I GAS COMl'AMH 7 Ballarat .. f> Bendigo 5 Castlemaine 6 Colllngw'd kFitrroy 10 Dawlesford ÇlimMeS) 4 Geelong 10!l0]} M«"">u IK80RANCK. 6 tellAwrtral. Fire & Mar. 6 I SlAustralasian Life ¿'Australian Alliance. ^National Flro Insur, 1 Southern Insurance 1 Victoria Lifo k Con. 26 Victoria Fire A, Mar. MIECrXLANBOIl» 5 i (¡'Bendigo Watcrwork 10 O.Gipps ¡Aid. SteamN. 6 6'HobBayB. Sea Bath 10 7},Maritimo & Gonoral CrcdltCo. (Limit.) 50jjp MolbourrioExch'nge MM Ovens Waterworks, Tp Studley Park Bridge 20 120 Victorian loo 20 120,Warrenheip Dlstlly. HA1LWAYB. 50 |50 Molb.&Hob; Bay Ud, IO 12J 15 ' 12 121 10 r Cleslng ' ' Prloe». £ 7}8 881"' I ' lilJ-liBa 184185»; 44-45 41J42 49 488. lOJ-lli »H ifz 7J-8 8 8} *HÏ , 61-01 121-121, ISJs-HJb 2Zs -23s. 2(>.-2lR. 7¡e.-8j9. 27B.-28S., 8 31 32-33 m\ ' 81J-53J-, i MINES. 200O 22500 I 3300 8000 4000 8200 400 160 240 6344 2500 4400 1000 4000 4000 2250 1000 700O 3200 26GO 2600 600 458 12800 8343 0000 40â2 1472! 04481 4800 '8600! 18ä Avonolift Band,of Hope and Albion Consols, Ballarat ,. Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Brcak-o'-Day, Rokewood Buninyong, Bunlnj one Buninyong- Now, Buninyong Clunes Alluvial ' Concordia, Dajlesford Exchequer, Daj leaford Extended Sons of Freedom, Chiltern ' .. Golden Honi, Springdallah Golden Lake, ScarsdaJ» Grand Trunk, Happy Valley Great Gulf, Ballarat., Do, new issuo Great Northern, Ballarat Guiding Star, Ballarat Kneebone, El Dorada Koh-i-noor, Ballarat.. ÍLeviathan, Ballarat iwer Huntly Doep Lead Magnum Bonum, Maryboro'. Park, Ballarat.. Prlnco of Wales, Ballarat St George and Band of Hope Sadowa,Talbot |, i. Scottish & Cornish, Ballarat. Sons of Freedom, Ballarat . United Albion and Prince of Wales, Ballarat .. United WorkingUlner»', Bal. Wellington, El Dorado 4HÏ Î9-31 0J-7 7*-S» 2-21 5-5J ? '«Hi 19-21' 9Í-DJ "i4l-5 8-8i 2H 4J-5 6J-8 NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVLAl. 10000 OOOO 2600 1000 1000 3600 4600 50001 6000 2000, 3500 3500 80OO1 10000 6000, 7000 3000, 0400 0400 1000 S00O ilOSOl 8 All Saints', Ballarat .. 2 Ballarat and Clunes '.. 8 Durham, Ballarat i .. 8\. Do , proforent .. . \- Do, new . 6 Great Extondcd, Eldorado .. 6 Do , Contributing 20 Great North-Weat, Ballarat.. 10 Do., new . \- Great Hoi thorn Junction' .. 5 Inkormann and Durham, Bal. 5 Do., now Ibbuo 2} Lady Sutton, Chiltern 6 Now Holland, Avoca . 1 Do , now '.. 2 North Parir, Ballarat 2 Speculator, Ballarat 30 United.Hand-lii-Hand and 10 Band of Hope, Ballarat 5 United OvenB Gold and Tin Eldorado 5 Do , Contributing .. \- United Suburban, Ballarat. 5 Winter's Freehold, Ballarat. 3 .41-6 tl4-15 ', Ä ' _* 20-21 71-8 61-61' DIVIDEND QUART 22600 1 Alliance, Bendigo .. .. 13J8.-141«. Adi anco Bendigo .. .. ,t Agamemnon, Bendigo .. v Ajax, Alexandra ..li Albert Company, Alexandra Albert, Maldon ',. '.. 7s.-8js. Ajax, Castlemaine ..Iii .. '12j-10s. Albion, Steiglitz ., ,22-24 Alabama/il'Iv or ' All Nations, Matlock..! t Argus, Bendigo Al Castlo Reef, Wood's Pt. Beehive, Maldon ' ,. Black-hill, Ballarat .. : Black Horse, Egerto» Catherine Reef United Claim holders, Bendigo .. .. 6s -6Js. Clunes, Clunes .. .. 25-2« 17J Clunes United, Clunes Comet, Bendigo ' Costerfield, Heathcote 11 Derby, Maldon " Eaglehawk Asso., Maldon Do. Prcferonco. Maldon Do, Union, Maldon .. 1J Ellesmere, Bendigo .. " Energetic, Bendigo .. .. 7Js -09. Golden Bower, Donovan's Ck. ¡-GrandJunction,Maldon -j \ Great Britain, Bendigo .. 10s.-10{>_ ' Gt Extended Hustler's, Bon. lOa.-lOjs. Happj-go-Lucky, Stringer'« Creek.. .. " .. i - Happy Valley, Buckland .. 1141-161 Hercules, Bendigo .. .. £>Js.-0!b. Homcw ard Bound, Alexandra Hope, Wood's Point .. Hunt's, Wood's Point Hustler's Reef, Bendigo 2J Johnson's Reef, Bendigo Lady Barkly, Bendigo Leviathan, Black 111 vor Llnscott's Reef, Maldon 10 Malakoff, Steiglitz .. \- Nolson, Maldon ,.' 20 Now North Clunes .. \- Nil Desperandum. Raywood. 5 North Gipps Land, Stringer'! 1 North Hustler's Beef, Bendigo \- |N. Specimen Hill, Bendigo .. 1 North Johnson's, Bendigo .. \- Prlnco of Wales, Matlock .. \- |Rcd Jacket, Bright .. TJ Rojal Standard, Black River. \- .Sparrowhawk, Bendigo ' 6 'Speculation, Maldon .. South Ajax, Castlemaine . St. Mungo, Bendigo . Specimen-hill, Dawlesford . Steiglitz . Unity, Inglewood Victoria, Clunes Walhalla, Strlngor's Creek . Wollcsloy, Stringer"« Creek. Young Chum, Bendigo 2-21 103.-128. 12fl -16s. ljs -1}8. 160-165» 10s.-Us. 61-0 , 21js.-224c 618.-89. djs.-djs. 40-60 i 210-220 1-1} NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 0000, S00O 2000O 200O OOOO 24000 2000 1920 8000 4000 4000 3000 82000 1800 8640 2400 3200 3600 2400 4000 30OO 2600 4000 11000 14507 40OO 20274 Alexandra Mining k Crushing Barb, Egerton Burn's Reef, Forest Creek Criterion, Clunes Clunes, Great Northorn Eaglo, Bendigo Empress, Stringer's .. Eureka, Stringer's Creek Filing Scud .. Golden Point, Clunes Great Wheal, Chinos.. Kangaroo Bob, Gordons Koh-i-noor, Bendigo.. Longfellow, blrlngcr'i London & Australian, Clunes Long Tunnel, Stringer's Magdala, Pleasant Creek Mariner's and Sloan's, do. New Garibaldi, Blackwood Newington, Pleasant Crook North Clunes Extension North Clunes Consols, Clunes Oriental, Clunes Pegleg, Bendigo Qucon Victoria, Canadians .. Sandy Creek, Poicrty Reef, Tarnagulla. Stb. Scotchman, Pleasant Ck. Trojan, Blackwood Tubal Cain, Stringer's Victoria Reef, Bendigo Victoria, Gordons IVcllceloy, Egerton .. White Horse, Egerton 3JS.-4ÍB. 11-12 1HÎ 6-0> 21s,-3w 2-2S 8-81 68-72 18-191 2)-S li-U 21s.-6sv 1-11 rrintedand published by HcoH Gboiu», »* Taj", Argus Office, Col-_-etreet, Melbourne; for wn*o»l and-ACEiBHON, proprietors. > "< .' SUMMARY FOR EUROPE., (Continued from the Supplement to Th Argus of this day.) MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES ! CURRENT. Tho Argus Ofllco, Friday Evoning. , Tho import markets faavo beon characterised by, great tamenosa throughout tho month, and purchase-* have been limited to supplying trade wants. In tho auction rooms tho amount ot buslnoss done, ha» boen comparatively vory trifllDg, and vory little I speculative fooling has boon ovincod, any transactions j carried through privatoly havo been oi minor Im Fiortanco. Bulk aa well as bottled bears havo boon ? Ittle inquired for. Cornsacka have presented adown- > ward tendoncy. Candles havo boen quito no¿lootod. . Cement, chicory, coffee, confectionery, and cordado, 'have been dull and inactive. Fish, and ltkotvise fruits, j do not command much notice. Breadstuffs havo im Î'rovod considerably, and valuos are higher. Blast ng powder has risen fully a penny por pound. Hops and molt havo mot with a trado inquiry, but nothing boyond. Metals havo boon moved off stoadlly In oils korosono has mot with a good deal of attention, but in othor oils little has boon done. Oilmen's stores still meet with a brisk inquiry. Bice lias boon largely operated In. Holdors of sugar look for vory much advanced rates. Teas havo boon Bomewhat oxtonslvoly sold. Tobaccoes evince nn improving tendency. Timber has been little dealt in. Forts ana sherries aro moro inquired for. Brandies and other spirits, with tho ex- ception of geneva, maintain an appearance ot groat quietness. ' Ale and Stout-In imported bulk ales no buslno» liaB como under our notlco throughout tho month, no further supplies having como forward since the fouu dering: of tho Hurricane, with which ashlpraontof tho Carllslo Company's, and ono of Joules'a-tholottor being the first of the season-was likewise lost. Tho Francos Tborpo, arrived this woolt, brings another > shipment of Joulcs's-200 hhds. ; It has not yet boon landed, but we understand that the entire parcol has been bespoken for some tinto post, and the importers oxpect to realise from d2810s. to £0. There is nothing worth special mention doing in other brands. M'Ewan's, in small lots, realises £710a. On Wednes- day tho balauco of the Carlisle Company's old brew, to tho oxtent of 150 hhds., was offered by auction, and realised ratlior low ratea. A very trilling business bos boon done in bulk stout. A portion of asmall shipment of Whitbread'« was sold to arrive, and the balance has sinco been clearod off at £0 17s. (Id. to .£7. For bottled ales we noto a fair In- quiry, for best brands chiefly. Tonnont's is being moved off freely for tho time of year, and 10s, Is readily obtained. Foster's, In small lots, has boan quitted at 10s. 3d., a trillo loss being accepted for quantities, A shipment of 500 packages of De vcimh's was disposed of, to arrivo, in the earjy part of the month, which is now in course of delivery. Blood's is quoted at Os. Gd. Allsopp's now label realises Os. Gd. Arrol's is saleable at Os. For Jeffrey's Ss. Od. to 0s. can be obtained; and Altken's flndi buyers at 8i. Od. Bulk stout has been la ck trcmely slow sale, and seldom has a mouth passed in which bo few transactions havo been recorded. Burko's is quoted at 10s. Honry White and Co.'s is valued at £9 Od. to 10i. For Pig brand, 0s. Od. is asked ; but the amount of business dono has been very Insignificant. Blood's Is maintained at 0j. Gd. Borthwlck's has boon Inquired for, but no sales have been effected, the importers refusing to soil quarts alono without a fair proportion of pints, although as much as 0s. Gd. has been offered for the former apart from the latter. The Dunflllan's shipment of 1,000 coses, thorcforo, remains Intact. Mackie and Gladstone's is disposed of at 8s. Od. Bynss's is Ukowtio quoted at Sa. Od. Bagging.-Cornsack s havo presented a declining aspect, and In consequence the auction mart has monopolised the bulk of the salos. On tho 20th tilt., ninety bales were quitted; full weights rea- lised 11s. Od. ; light weights were sold at 11s. ljd. to 11s. 7Jd., and a small shipment of Calcutta was placed at lis. 7¿d., all duty paid. In tho course of the same week a few tots wero taken up privately for the New Zealand markotat 11s. 3d., In bond. On tho following Tuesday, tho 4th instant, 120 b.>les were sold under tho hammer at 11s. Gd. duty paid. Since tho mall's arrival inquiries havo ceased, and orders in the markot for export could only be executed at a decline ; sixty to seventy bales liavo been so disposed of at 10s. Od. In bond. Holdors of woolpacks havo boen vory urra at 4s. ; business has boon limited to supplying more trade Hants, which at this season are ou a vory moderate scale indeed. A movement in guuulos cleared the market of SOO bales at 7s. ; a «mall shipment, arrived afterwards per Manfred, was also sold at 7s. Some 50,000 looso secondhand Mauritius gunnies were got lid of atas. öd. to Is. Od. Boots and Shoos,-The market is hardly so firm, and values aro supported only with difficulty. On i the 4th hist. 307 packages wore offered by puhllu salu, | and dlaposed of at satisfactory rates. On the follow 1 lug day an extensive sale waa also held under instrue lions Irom Messrs. E. Samuel and O«. und Harris and Matthews. There waa a very Urge attendance of the town trade. Tho auctioneers dlsposod of 211 trunks at prices which fully sustalnod previous site Íirices. On the 13th, under instructions from Mesirs. I. W. Farrar and Co., and othor importers, somo 316 packages wero offored, and realised prices which showed au advance on men's, boy's, and youths', hut a slight decline ou womon's goods. Candles have Doon neglectod; oven tho demand for existing wan s lins been of tho most unsatisfactory description. Just previous to tho mail's arrival an attempt to initiate a movement favourable to a riso was mode, which, however, tho hoavy Bhlpmonts ad vised at once put au ond to, and great dulnot.3 has sinccd prevailed. SaloB at auction havo been effected atlOJd. to lOjjd. ; holders of Do Koubalx and Brandon esk Uti., but in vory few casca Is anything over lOJtl. offored. The Neva Company reduced the prlco of thoir brand to 11 Jd. early in tho month. Cornent.-Portland is very fully Btipplled. Salos of best brands havo boon reported at Ids. Gd. to IGs. Od., and wo hear of a shipment of 150 barrols of an outsido braid having changed hands at a lair concession on this quotation. There has Ticen little American plaster offering. Quotations stand at 12s. to 12s. «J. Chemicals havo maintained a uniform aspect ot dulness and inactivity. Soda crjstalshavo goao off slowly at £8 to £8 2s. Od., uhllo 2s. Gd. leis wai accepted at auction. Caustic soda has stood at n nominal quutailun of £10. Carbonato is valued ut £1710s. On lliur of sulphur wo noto a decline. Sales luvo boon mado at £21 IDs. to £22. Tartaric addis quoted at la. Gd. to 1«. 8d., aud cr am of tartar at 12d. to 14d , but owing to the so ison there Is no business to report. Prepared opium ia quitted at 25s. ; pup. piles aro ample. Chicory lias not boon much la demand. For best brands 3d. per lb. In bond Is realised. Noiv colonial will vory shortly bo In the market. Coffee.-Tbero lins boon little doing In this stiplo, For trade purposes No. 1 Plantation has ruled nt 0}d. Java has beeu quoted at OJd to 1\i., according te quality, One or two attempts to Bell Java at aucilor proved failuros. Native Ceylon has nominally boot quotod at 6}d. to Old. Advices to hand aro of i favourable nature. An advanco In England was re ported of about 0s. por ctvt., and It has also gone ur in Ceylon in Uko proportion. No shipments won modo during tho month to tho colonies olthor frou , Colombo or Java. ,Theso advices, howover, havo no Influenced the market as yet, and quotations renult unaltered Coufcctionory.-A fair Inquiry for assorted oonfco tlons has boen oxporioneod. Keillor's have bool fieo y quitted at lOJd. to lOld. Wothorspoou's stat« at OJd. ; wo, howover, hear of very fotv sales of till brand. Lemon candied pocl has of lato bocomo vor; scarce. Orange and citron aro siloablo at 13¿d. Ju jubes aro moved off nt 14 Jd. Cordage.-Transactions, which have boon almos entirely confiuod to Victnrian- mndc cordago, hav been of little account. The mall advices report i further advance In tho raw material ;* the state of til markot here, howover, does not admit of any altera tlou In values at present ; wo h ave, thorcforo, no chang to roport hi prices. Half to thrco quarter Inch slzei cordage is quitted at Sd. per lb., whilo assortment ni onoto four and a half itch s'zes command £00 Imported rope moots with no inquiry. For commoi tarred Europe ropo and cordage. £15 to £40 10s. is re qulrod. Thoro Is no bolt rope offorlng, wo quoto £5E but this is a figuro that presents no lnducoment t homo shippers, aud wo hear of none holng advised Sales of clothes linos ara reported by auction at £V. Seaming twines »rj in slow salo at 13d. to mid ltd)-This market has not boon hoavllysuppliod and In consequence values havo beep well euri ported. Ling being ratlior scarco lus huon saleable a Gd. to O^d, Ilalf-barrels white horrhus luvo boc steadily maintained at 27s. Od. For firkins wo quot Os. lib. fresh herrings have rcallshcd 7s. to 7i. 3d. Bo liorringi In tins have boen quitted at 13s. Gd. to l8 for inferior: for sound and well condltlonod parcol up to.23s. Oil. is still quotod. lib. salmon command 15s., and halves sardines havo bcou run up to 9-i - holders aro vory firm, and havo froquontly refined Ss Od.; quartors not havingrUon in Uko proportion w cannot quote over 5s. Oyatorn havo declined ; sale havo been made for lib. tins at Os. Lobsters are ver firm at 7s. 3d. for outside brands, whilo best brand realise 7s, Oil. Fruits give no sign of Improvement. Currants at little inquired for, and thoro is littloor nothing drin in raisins; the trifling demand experienced for eui rants Is mot by salos at 3}d. Capo raisins are dlsposo of at 4d., for Elemo wo continue to quoto 4Jd., an primo parcels of Valencias find buyors at 4}t Sultanas, according to quality, range at from -it to Bjd. Fign aro quito nominal at Od. An Invoice < raisins and figs ox Lady Jocolyn, damsgod, was sol at a satisfactory figure. Brlcd apples aro quoted ; up to 6}d. Flour and Crain.-No soonor had the last mall le: than tho markot for breadstuffs, which previously ha boon In a vory depressed state, showed symptom* i revival. The suppllos coming forward continuing o a moat insigniflotnt seal», tho town millers bocarn somewhat alarmed at tho difficulty of gottlng int stock. The markot was for somo time mado to pn sont tho somewhat contradictory aspect of highe pricos being paid for large parcels than coutd bo ire iromtliOBmalIerdealcrsfortrndopurpoäos,forwhlle£l only ruled In Melbourne for flour, the country miller wero cleared out by trndo buyers at £13, hiving t pay 20s. In addition for carrlogo to town, Sunsi qucntly, prlcoa steadily sottlod down at £14, afte tiiat figure was obtalnod by auction for a line of rift tous.nnd lias since remained at that figuro. Tho salt of wheat liavo up to lost wcok boen very oonsldoribh somo 80,000 bushels of Tasmanian whtat chanse nanda at 6s. 8d. to 6s. 4Jd. ; and transactions In Vii torlan nnd Port MaeDonnell wheat have hoon equall largo. Vahíos have boon run up to Os. 3d., and as big as Gs. Gd. was reached for Adolaido. La o arrivals b tho seaboard have comofortvard vory frooly, as much« 30,000 bushols carno In a wcok ago from Saturday t Monday. This circumstance, with tho publlcatlo of the agricultural statistical roturas combined, he had the effect of giving a loss buoyant appearance t tho markot for semo days post, as it was for n Ion timo piovloualy asserted that the yield of wheat th: year would be short of the year before, which wai failure From thoso roturns wo learn that (or ISC the produco of wheat amounts to 4,180,230 bushels r against 8,411,003 bushols for 1868. leaving 774.5C bushols In favour of tho prosont year; attempts an notwithstanding, -still being mado to cling to the ide of a fa'luro by throwing doubt on tho correctness < these statistics ; it is, however, a most significant fat that tho Increase abovo shown is accounted for t within 100,000 bushels by tho increased acroaç brought under cultivation-say 41,340 acres; t&k; away this, then, and tho produco of this year wl turn out to bo only oqual to that of la; year, and which was considered so great a fall uro, oven when growing, as to bo tho causo c commencing a rise, which subsequently sont value up from £14 to £22, while, on tho othor hand, no ar prchouslon of a failure was mooted this year until i suited speculators to attempt to force prices ur. From theso fact«, then, we argue tbat it there bo an; incorrectness in regard to these statistics, It must b in »ndcntatlng-, rather than overstating, tho yield Feeding grains havo mot with a good trado inquiry. New Zealand oats havoboorv disposed of »t 3s. lOd. to 4s., and coast oats, inferior, have boon sold at 8s. 8d. to 8s. Od. Tasmanian have rulod at 4s. to 4s. Id. Maizo has been in improvod supply, aud pricoa have fallen from ßs. to 4s. 8d., at which tho valuo was steady. Bran has doollned to Is. fld. to la. 5}d. Barloy was quitted hy auction at 5s. Hd" and peas and beans at ßs. 8d. to 6s. 9d. Town-mado colonial oatmeal finds buyors at £22; pearl barloy has hoon sold at £8110s., and sales of split poas aro roportod at £1810s. . , Furniture.-A lino of 80 cases Amorloan chairs, old stock, was placed at n 'slight advanco on in- voice. A - shipment of - American chaire, ox Wy naud, was offotcd under the bammor. Wind- sor wood seat brought 34s. per dozen; Wash- ington do.,-87s. do,; floral wood seat.'87s. do.; Boston wood scat rockers,, Sis. do. ; Astor Grecian cane, Imitation rosowood, 60s. do. ; do. do., light stained, Als. do. ; common Grecian one, bronze striped, 68s. do. ; oak dining, cano seat, 90s. to Ols. do.; cano back mi ruo rockers, cana scat, Imitation rosewood, l)3s. do. ; do. do., light stained, 102s. do. ; rio. do., plain varnlsdiod, 105s. do. ; cane back, rockers, cane scat, light stainod, 105s. ; do. do., Imitation roso- wood, 171s. do. Wo also leam of two Invoices having been sold privately, to arrive, at fair advance on shipping prices. Gunpowder.-Wo notice a manifest Improvement on our quotations of last month. A very considerable advanco on all descriptions has boon established. Tbo amount of business dono, however, has not boon large, owing to the stiffness of .holders, very tomptlng often having been turned away. Hall's is now hold for Oid. to GJd., but there is littlo ot this brand to bo met with. Kairaos' 1b vory Arm at Od. ; and for outsldo brands wo qnoto 6Jd. Hops Have met with a good Inquiry, and Uno samples aro still much wanted. A wida rango of pricoä, according to quality, has boen' maintained. An inferior parcel of 60 pockets Kent 'OS was placed at Is. 2d. Best qualities have been saleablo at up to Is. Od., and medium samples havo realised Is. 4d. Bavarian very superior have brouglit Is. Od. Tasmanian have been disposed of at Is. Od. to Is. Od. A shipment of damaged American was placed at 6Jd. Halt.-A scarcity of supplies has kopt tho market quiet,and prices have rulod for a like roasonatlOs. OX Tho domand is very trifling at present, and should arrivals como to hand moro freely lower rates must " bo accepted. A shipmont por Clymono changed bands at about our quotations. Motáis.-Wo havo comparatively few ohanges to refer to. Fig-iron has advanced continuously, and tho market being almost entirely cloared of spot parcels £7 10s. is required for small lots. A parcel of 80 tons old railway chairs was quitted os a substitute for pig-iron, at £710s. Galvanised is less active, and as stocks begin to accumulate values are scarcely so firm. Scotch 20 gaugo is quoted at £24 to £20, ac- cording to brand. Sales of English ordinary brands aro effected at £20 to £27, showing a slight doclino, as in tho early part of tho month. Sales woco made at up to £2710s. Two shlpmonts of about 00 ton», 24,20, and 28 gaugo, woro placed at £27 all round. TIiIb week, damaged Iron was sold by auction at a low figure. Bar and rod iron lias boen quitted at £0 to £10 ,10s., according to make. Shoet.iron has met with a good inquiry, assortments o! Nos. 8 to IS aro saleable at £12, and Nos 20 to 26 command £15. Plato iron has advanced considerably ; an involco, well assorted, was cloarod off last week at £18 10s. A very brisk trado inquiry has been maintained for fencing wiro. White cross and other brands havo been quotod at £15 10d., £10 10s., aud £17 10s. for Nob. 6, 7, and 8, drawn. Quotations for tin plates rule at twenty per cent, ad vaneo on Involco. There Is not much business doing. Munt?, motal is nominal, at Od.- to Old. Bales of Ewbank'» nails are effected at seventeen and a half per cont. off list. For American nails wo noto a good demand at 10s. to 19s. Gd. Sales of Collins's and Sharpo's American axes are mado at 74s. Ames's shovels havo boen disposed of at 64s. Day's D-H. shovels, Slln. to SSin., aro quitted at 54s.; and other makers', carno size, command 52a. to 53s. Business in holloware is reportod at twonty Hvo per cont. off list. Oils.-Korosone was cxtromoiy buoyant till the arrival of tbo moil, up to which period sales to the extent of 80,000 coses wero roportod at from 2s. 3d. to 2s. 3'd, In bond, tho latter for Downor's and the formor for Dovoo's. and the market bado lair to touch the long-looked for 2s. 8d. American advlcos to 12th March regarding shipmorits aromo-it favourable, only 4,500 cases (8,500 cases per Corea from Now York, 1.00Ü coses por Ulcoate from Boston) having been despatched for Molbourno during the month ondlng 12th March, anil 2,200 casos for Dunedin. Tbo Marr lan, with 4,000 casos, loft Boston on the loth February, and doubtless bighor rates would havo rulod, bus a rumour was circulated at tho same timo that largo quantities aro coming forward in the following month. and though it has boen discredited by all who have given the subject any consideration, tho market has been much doprossed in consequence, and this week a blow has been struck by the disposal of 8,000 caica by auction without any resorvo, and whtcli roallscd 2s. 0-Jd. for Dovoo's, and 2s. D.d. for Downor's in bond. It Is fully expected, howevor, that tho ovil effect of this policy will be temporary, and that tho market will very soon rec war Its wonted tono, as Is provod by tho purchase two days ago of 10,000 casos to arrlvo, and O.000 cases have been ?old on the spot, chiefly at 2s. Id. for Dovoo's. and 2s. 2d. for Downer's. Castor oil, duty paid, is quoted at 4s Gd. Linseed lias altered littlo, drums are quoted at 4s. Id., and bulk at 3s. 9d. Colza is taleablo at 4s. Od. in drums, and 4s. Id. in wood, but tho demand is not largo. Olive oil is nominal at Gs. Od. for drums, and 0s, in casks. Chinóse Is quoted at 8s., a line of 400 cases was sold at oqu&l; to this figuro. Oilmen's Stores continue to bo largely disposod of. Shipments as they como forward aro freely cloared off at vory long prices, chiefly at auction, but privatoly likewise Last week somo 2,000 cases, ox Ben- venue and other vossols, consisting prlnclpilly of salad oils, pickles, vinegar, &c;, changed hands at vory full figures. Pickles aro , much wanted, 8s. Od. being obtained for common brands, 0s,0d. tor medium, and 10s. Od. to 10s. BJ. for best brands. Bottled fruits, assortod, aro quoted at 11s., and blackcurrants bring 11s. Od. Colonial lib. janis are much liked, best qualities bring from 7s. G<1. to Ss. Gd. Salad oils aro saleablo at from 23s. to 2Ss. for quarts, 12s. Od. to 13". Od. for pints, and Sj. Cd. to Os. Od. for half-pints. Castor oil in pint» has been sold at Hu., and in halt-pints lit 0s. 3d. Quart vinegar has boen placed at 8s. Od. to 8s. lOjd. Assorted essences have boon got rid ot at 0s. to 0-s. Gd., and curry ppwdor at 4s. Od. to 7s. Table salt has realised 5s. to 5s lid. Liquid blacking li is been disposed of at 0s. lojd. Vesta matches at 7s. Od. to 06s.. and matches at 2s l}d to 9s. Gd. Saúcos aro quoted at C9, to 7s. Od. and 8s, Od. Canora bring 0s. Öd, to 7s. 3d. Colman's mustard finds a ready Balo at 6\A., lib tins have boen sold at 10s. 10 Jd ; and half- pounds at Os. Od. For Keen's wo quote 8d. in 71b. tins, and 0s. Od. and 10s. Od. for half-pound and pound tins. Whito starch Is sold at Bid. ; bluo starch has boen quitted at 5}d. Thumb blue bos boen got rid at 10Jd., chocolate at Is. lJJ., liquorice at lljd. Ground ginger realised 7Jd. and arrowroot fld. toOJd Sago brings 2Jd , macaroni and vormioelli, 8Jd. White poppor can bo got at 7d., and for block popper 5d. is wanted. Provisions.-Thom is moro inquiry for hams now that stocks have been reduced to a minimum. Varey'« havo mot with a roady salo at 13d., and it Is stated that tho entire stock in hand will bo cloared off In another wcolt. Bacon is quoted at lOJd., thou/li wo understand vory much lower ratos are accoptod at auction for other brands. Cheeso is Urin at ltd. for anything Uko good qualities. Tnsmintau buttor has been sold by auction at lOd. to 10JJ. Quicksilver.-Tho market has not altored during the month. Quotations have uniformly stood at 2s. A movement was expected to havo taken placo this week, hut wo lia-, o not heard of anything furthot having come of It. Bice. -On the aspect of this market a complete change was offectcd about tho timo of the doparturo of the last mail steanior. All tho cargoes of now l'»tna to hand filnco the commencement of the year, as well as tho only cargo then on tho way (the Man- fred, tinco arrived), woro taken up »n speculation bj ono firm, on terms withheld. Tho.quantlty amounts to 2,100 tons, and comprises tho cargeos of tbo Port law, Seagull, Dagmar, and Manfred. About 200 tons of Java rico, tho balances of ono or two cargóos ol these descriptions remaining in first hands, woro al samo timo taken up by another firm. In consequence of tlicso transactions a stoadior market is expected foi tho future. Tho trado havo sinoa responded to tin movement ; fevoral parcels to a considerable oxtonl havo been taken up stn satisfactory advance. Our ad vices from tbo rico ports by tho mall Just in favour an advanco in this product. Our datos from Calcutta, which reach to 12th April, roport that tlioro won no vcstels loading for the colonies, and non« had left during tho month. From the otboi ports- Saigon, Java, Bankok, {w.-there is Uko wiso nothing advised, with tho exception ol ono cargo despatched per Charlos Tottlo, fron Bankok, for a Chlnoso firm in Melbourne. Sinci thoso advices havo come to baud the raarkot ha shown moro firmness, and wo undorstaud tim business Is ponding, though no actual sales havi jet boen mado public. Wo retain our form» quotations of £22 to £23 for l'atno. Salgo i dressed is disposed of at £18; Bankok, drossod, I. quitted at £10 ; Java, dressed. Is placed at £20 ; whlli town nilli droBsed finds buyers at up to £22 ; for tin lal ter n vory brink trado demand is experienced, am forno 200 tons linvo boen placed with tho trado durin; tbo last fortnight. Salt has not been characterised by much actlvl'.y For trado purposes parcels havo hoon takon up at £0 for coarso and Hue. A Uno of 100 tons was report« to havo been cleared oft at £5 17s. Od.. and a Hhtpinoii of 140 tons, including 30 tons of St. Ubo's, was quittée at terms withhold. Two shipments of French salt SO tons and 125 tons, woro sold by auction for tho re cpcctlvo sums of £05 and £112 109,, prices which howevor, show a ruinous loss, as tbo sums montionoi do not amount to a third of tho freight for which tin parcels wero hablo. Sugar.-In the boglnning of tho month the marks was characterised by a vory steady demand, but titi mail news has boon of such a nature as to cau°o tin importers to withdraw their cargoes for the prosont and hold for much hljihor rates ; aud notwlthstandlnj vory considerable anxiety having been ovlnoed ti purchase bolders have hlthorto been deaf to tho.moa tempting niTere. In tbo week ending tho 3rd Instant n fair business was done. On tho 27tTi tilt, some 1,20 bags wero quilted by auction ; low brown sold at £3 15s. to £33 IBs., good brown at £34 10s. ti £35 10i>., and medium yollow counters at £30 10s On the sanio day, tho cargo of Mauritius per Triton consisting of 8,200 bags, was offered, und the wholi disposed of to within 500 baijs, at about curran ratos. Good browns realised S5s, Od., medium conn tcrs brought 37*. Od. to 80s. Od., good to line 40s. b 41s, Od., and low to middling wblto crystals sold a 41s, to 48s. Od. Ontho30th ult., undor tho hainmo also, tho damaged portion of tho Henry Darling', cargo of Mauritius sugar, amounting to 1,040 bags was got rid of at fair prices. Privatoly a largo domain was experienced, and considerable parcols of goo. counters to whito crystals wero cloarod off at £30 ti £48. On the 4th inst. tho Elizabeth arrived fron Mauritius, anda very firm feeling was produced bj tho character of advices then to hand, dated 23k March. Transactions during tho week ondiucr 1011 Instant wore limited. Tho damaged portion of ti« Triton was offered »n tho 4th Inst., when 1,205 bag< woro disposed of at satisfactory prices. Of tin St. Hilda's cargo of Natal sugar, 500 bags of gooc browns woro sold privatoly at £35. A thousand bags another Bhlpnient. wore placed at from £85 to £40, according to quality. Tho balance, 1,308 bags, wa1 submitted to publia competition, and 712 bags wer< got tld of at euri ont rates. By the Frances Honty w< received files from Mauritius to tho 20th March. Tin market there was bare of sugar, and prices were ox trerncly firm, holders being fndispojed to sell. Tin opinion, moreover, was general that tho packet iron: England, due on the 4 th proximo, would bring ad vic* ot a further rise In the English market. Our o/ri advices from London state thntprlcos In England woro i rising, owing to a fear that tho Cuban crop was going to turn out very short. In conacquenco of this nows, all the holders hero resolved to withdraw tholr stooks from tho market. Tho Francos Ilenty's cargo, O3po . dally, will not bo offtrcd for somo timo. The1 Formosa and Eva Joshua havo this week reachod port, and those two, »long with tho Elizabeth, aro adver- tised for auction salo on Wednesday noxt, but wo un- derstand that advancod ratos will bo roquirod, not withstanding the largo quantity to bo offered, and as tho importers act in unison, thoro is no doubt of tholr resolution in this respoot being carried into offoot. Tea.-Messrs. James C. Robertson and Co., in tholr usualmonthly circular, report as follows :-" For sovo ral months past depression has boon tho characteristic feature of this markot. Throughout tho soason 1803 0 teas have been recklessly thrown on tho markot, and j forced Bales mado at vory BeriouB losses without oxcop lion, importers fearing to hold against tho enormously increasing stocks. Since our lost issue of April 21 no improvement Is' noticcahlo-in fact, simply a repetition of previous month's, which baa , upset all calculations as to the prosont value of to is Considerable anxiety is felt as to the probable quantity of noxt season's imports, and wo must again caution consignees, on their account, to re- frain from shipping toas to this port unless to supply orders, or, without doubt, a repetition of tho imports of tho year 1808-U with all its attendant disastrous consequences, must inevitably ho the result. All descriptions of congous aro In limited demand at vory uneven prices, and scontod kinds remain nominal. Our quotations roprosont about markot values. Auction Sales,-On tho 20ih April the cargo ex Gustav, from Foo chow, consisting of 4,475 packages, was offered and 525 packages sold. On tho 28th April 7,281 packages congou, sconted orango pekoo, gunpowdor, and scented capor ox various ships, woro offered, and 6,500 packages sold. On the 5th May 828 packages scented orango pokoo and gunpowdor, ox JOBhua Batos and Aurora, from Hong Kong, woro offered aud Bold. On tho 10th May the balanco of tho cargo ex Isabolla Brown, from Foochow, consisting of 4,383 packages, was offered and sold. Thero havo boon Bovoral other minor sales unworthy of notice. Tho arrivals during tho month havo boon:-At Mol- bourno-On the 24th April, Lady Bolmoro, from Foo- chow, with 208,5001b. (ordered to Sydnoy) ; at Sydney -on tbo 24th April. Maud Helen, from Hong Kong (via Holbourne), with 20,8001b. (pasBago 105 days) ; on tho 20th April, Aurora, from Hong Kong (via Molbourno), with 15,0001b. ; on the 2nd May, L-idy Belmoro, from FoooUow (vlft Melbourne), with 208,6001b. (passage 83 days) ; on tbo 14th May, Tho». Edwards, from Foochow, with 184.6001b. (passage 77 da}«). The deliveries for tho post mouth havo been 142,8041b., against 700,138.b. at same timo last J car. Tho Mock in bond in Molbourno is 4,260,2201b. against 2,000,3161b. at samo timo last year. Our quotations are :-Congou-Dust and sittings, 8d. ; brokon Foo-ohow, 10d, ; ordinary to good ordinary, lid. to Is. ; mixed leaf kinds, Is. OJd- to Is. 2d. ; do., with littlo flavour, Is. 2(1. to Is. 3d. ; blackish leaf kinds, Is. 4d. to Is. 6d. ; do., strong, Is. fijd. to Is. 7d.; do., strong, with flavour, Is. 7d. to Is. 9d. ; do., kalsow kinds, rather strong, Is. lOd. to 2s. ; do., pekoo-sou cbong and pekoo flavour, 2s. Id. to 2s. 3d, ; do., fine rich pokoc-souclioiig flavour, 2s. 4d. to 2s. Od. ; do., very Uno do., 2s. Od. to 2s. lOd, ; low Tay. Bhan, 4Jd. to 5d. ; souchong, common, Is. to Is. 2d. ; middling to Que, Is. 8d. to Is. Gd. ; extra fino, nono; orango pekoo, scented ordinary and brokon, Is. 6d. to Is. 7d. ; do., good to uno, Is. 8(1. to Is. Od. ; do., finest country kind, 2s. ; long leaf, Canton loaf, 2s.; caper, scented, common to middling, none ; do., middling to fine, 1b. lid. to 2s. Id. ; do., finest, nono ; hy Bonskin, Canton, nominal, 4d. to 5d. ; true common to One, nono ; byson, common, none ; good to fine, nono ; finest, none ; young hyson, Canton and Twankay kinds, nominal, Is. lju. ; good yellowish loaf to fine hyson flavour, none ; gunpowdor, Canton, good to Uno, nominal, Is. 8d. to 2s. ; country kinds, none ; imperial Canton, good to fine, nominal, Is. 0d. to Is. 10d.; country kinds, nono. Above quotations aro at per lb. In bond for chests (boxes being worth 2Jd. to 3d. per lb, more). Duty ob tea In Victoria, 3d. per lb." Timber has beon vory quiet, and in tho state of the markot sales cannot well be pressed. Transactions have not boen of much account. On Tuesday, the 27th ult., thoro woro sold, ox Garibaldi, wbito.pino deals, which realised £10 5s.per 1,0001t. ;cloarpino brought I Jin., £13 5s. to £1810s. do. ; do., 2in., £1310s. to £13 12s. Gd. do.; do., Hin., £13 5s. do.; do,,2Jui., £14 12s. Od. do.; do., 8ln, £14 5s. do.; do., 4m., djln., OJin., and7in.. £16 17s. Od.; tonguodand grooved lumber brought £8 17s. fld. ; shelving, £3 17s. Od. ; laths, 4ft., 80s. per 1,000. Ex Lookout-Codar, in logs, was quitted at 209. to 203. per 100ft.; Queens- land pine log was placed at 14s. do. ; flitches, at 17s. da,; ironbark spokes, at 20s. per 100; Huon pino, at 25s. per 100ft. On Monday, tho 3rd inst., tho cargo of deals por Caroline, J. D. & Co. comprising 8,331 red deals, 11 x 3, assortod lengths ; 1,208 do. 9x4, do.; 3.845 do., 9x8, do.; 403do., 8x3, do.; S14 do., 7x3, do.; 2,407 do., 7 X 2J, do.-was sola in Goolong, nnd realised un average of 5Jd. per foot 0 x 8 all round. On Wednesday, the 5th, tho following pareóla were disposed of under the hammer :-Scotch flooring,, ex Philosopher and Lady Jocelyn, all faults, 0 x i whito, at 11s. fld. per lOOtt. linoal ; 0 x Jj, red, brought 11s. 6d. to 11s. 7d. ; 0 X '(, white, 8s Od. ; Ox}, red,8s. 3d. ; 0xJ,white,boaded,8s.3d.; rod do, 8s. 3d. toSs. 4d. ; 0* x li, wbl 0,12*. 0d.;fl x 1J. whtto, 12s. 8d. to 12:1. Od. ; 0 x 1J, red, 12s. öd. Weather- boards, white, 4 out, at 7s, lid. Tho cargo of kauri, ox ' 1'akoha, was passed in at 12s. Gd. per 100ft. Tha cargo of cedar, &c;, ox Macquarie, realisoJ 10s. 9d. to 24s, 8d. per 100ft. super. Queensland pine-logs, 13s. Od. por 100ft. ; planks, 1, li, 2, and 3 in., 10s. 9J. to 17s. per 100ft. Ex Chattanooga, ash plank, second growth, at £8 por 1,000ft. super. Also,' damaged spruco deals at 4Jd. per foot, 0x3; damigoa epruco flooring, 0 x 1J-, 7«. per 100ft. ; 5 x 1 j, Gs. 8d. por lOOft. Tho cargo of the Britannia, from Gulle, consisting of II x 8 and 9 X 3 deals, branded NAS, was sold by auction on the 7th, and realised the following prices:-11 x3-12ft. and upwards brought4|d. to 5Jd. per foot of O x 3, 10ft. and lift. 4|d., Bit. and Oft.. 4 O-lGd., 0!t" 7ft., and 8ft. 4 7-10d. ; 1) x 3-12ft. and upwards realised 4 13 lOd. to 4 15-lCd , 9ft. to lift. 4 11-lOd., 7ft. aud Sft. 4 0-lGd., Oft. 4Jd. ; deck load, Ilx3and0x8, was sold at l£d. ; blackwood in log was disposed of at ISs. Od. per lOOlt. ; blackwood staves IOb 9(1. per 100. The sales on Friday, thol4tfi,consisted of Kauri wblto pine plankB and T. andG. flooring, ox Lucy and Adelaide, all faults. 5,000ft. W. P. planks, ' Hu., realised 15s. Cd. ; ljln., 15b. 3d. ; and 2m. and , ljln., 15s. 3d. Ex Yarr», Kauri pine, in log, was ' quitted at 14s. to 14s. Od. ; T. and G flooring, 0 X li, realised 0s. 0d. ; i 0 x 14), Us. 3d. ; O x1}, 0s. ; 0 x lj, 8s. Bd. Ex Midgo, Kauri pino, in log, was gat rid of at 109. Od. to 178. Od. Tho Johannes Rod's cargo of deals, DDD, w aa sold yestorday. 5,007 doals, 9x3, brought -ltd. to 43d. per foot lineal; 421 do., 8 x 3, 4 0 lud. to 4 11-lOd do. ; 1,255 do., 7x3, 4gd. to 4 11-lGd. do. ; 2,000 7x2} battons, at 3d. to 3Jd. per foot lineal. Tobacco,-The commencement of tho month was not characterised by much activity. Values, howover, wero firmer, and sales were made at Improved prices. Several lines of fancy aroniatics were placed privately at up to Is. 8d. The auction sales were well attended ; the bidding was spirited, and an advanco on all de- scriptions offered was realised, but this is not moro than could bo expected from tho advices lo hand of abort shipments, and tho downward tendency of gold in the States, On tho 23th ult., G2 packages damaged tobaccocs wore disposed ol. Barrett's twist realised la. 4d. to Is. 4-Jd. ; half-pounds wero quitted at Hld. to lljd. ; pieces brought Is. 2Jd. ; bira, Is. to 1b. 4jd. ; aromatic twist, Did., and tons 8J<1. to Sjd. not cash. On tho 30th ult. 53 packages of eiiolco aromatic tobaccocs wero placed at Is. 83d, ; for aromatic twist, tens, brought lljd. pounds, lîjd. ; and half-pounds, lOJd. to Is. Buring tho week ending 10th Instant, business was languid ; no sales beyond a few Bmall lots of fancy aromática woro reported ; the auction salos, ltkewlre, showed great lack of spirit Th« finer brands of tens having been cloared out of first hands, eecond-olass brands aro being brought more promlnontly into notice. In consequence of this, the competition for a lot of Bucknor"s provod vory spirited, and the parcel realised an advanco of fully Id. per lb. Such qualities now present an upward tendenoy, Bu- chanan's also being moro Inquired for at improved rates. On the 7th, 207 packages wero dlsposod of under tho hammer. Tens brought 83d. to 10d., pounds realised 7Jd., bars Is. 4Jd., pieces Is. 2d., half pounds Hid. to lljd. »ince the arrival of tho mail business baa on tno » bolo boon quiet, chiefly owing to the stiffness of holders, tbo advices to baud being vory favourable to a riso.. Only ono vossol, the Uleoats, which has on board 0.3001b., had left up to iho Oth Maicb, and those loading wero not expected to bring much more, " as good tobacco was not to be found." Ol Cameron's make, which is now sent forward via Liverpool, only twist Is coming by the Douglas, no tens of this uiako being shipped. Advantago of this improvomont was takon by tbo offer on tho 10th of 352 packages, «lion aromatic* realised 12Jd. ; bars, 10JJ. ; fancy, Is. 2d. ; pounds, 9d. ; tons, 81). to 8}d. ; aromatic tens, lid. ; fancy aromatic«,Is. 3d. ; pounds, la. 4d. ; halt-pounds, 811.; fives, OJd. to lOd. Manilla cheroots havo advanced considerably, since it has bocomo known that tho Nouvelle Pallin had not left Manilla, and was not likely to fill up for a month aftor tho mill loft ; holdors now ask 80s., being an advauco of 10s, par thousand. Our quotat'ona aro :-Common tons and half-pounds, fld. to 8d. ; medium, Od. ; good, lid. ; fine, up to 14Jd. ; aromatic, half-pounds and pounds, from Is. to Is. Od. ; fancies, up to Is. 9d. ; twist, Korr"s twist, 15d ; Black Swan, lOd. ; St. Andrew's. Is. 4d. to Is. 6d ; Itavon and Barrott's, la. fld. to l8. 7d. Clgnrfl.-Manilla Havannah, 70s. ; chsroots, 8O9. ; Swiss, 37s. Gd. to 40s.; genuino Havannah, duty paid, £13 to £40. Wines mid Spirits.-As tho cold soason advances, improved Inquiry begins to spring up for both ports and sherries. Sales of common rod wines havo been effected at £20; common to fine ports have boon quitted at £22 to £30 ; good medium ports bavo also boen sold at up to £53. Shorrlos have mot with buyors at from £22 for common up to £50 for good medium. Considerable parcela of Garvlo'a second class sherries havo likewlso boen quitted at £70. In brandies wo havo no Improvomont to rofor to ; the do mund is trilling, and salos eau only bo effected with great difficulty. On last month'a quotations wo have 110 actual chango to mako For Martoll'ii and Hen noaay's wo quoto 7s. 7Jd. for now, and 7s. Od. for old. Alargo parcol of Jules Hobin andCo.'s brandy changed hands on private terms. Otard's Is hold for 7s ; 0. V.P. and Vinogrowers' rcallso Ü3. 9d. to 7s. Associated Vineyards' commands Os 3d. to Os. 0J. Con- trai Vlnojards' is valued at 5s. Od. B. Froro's is saleable at 6s, lOJd to Os liennossy's caso brandy is more in request, and Bales are roadily effected at 27». Od. MartolPs is firm at 24s. V.H. and Co.'s genova wob disposed of in tho beginning of tho month at 12s. ; about a fortnight ago, howover, moro atten- tion was directed towards this brand, and tho market was cleared of all offering, to tho extent of about 3,000 cases of V. II. and Co.'s and 9,000 cases of Key, at up to 12s. Gd, Resales of about 4,000 cases were sub-cquently made ; holders now ask 13s. Od. For JDKZ wo quoto 15s. Od. Rum Is,moving off with a fair inquiry at 3s. lOid. for ton por cent, o.p , und up to 4s. 3d for thirty per cent. o.p. For wills key we continue to quoto 4s. Od. to 5s. SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mr. S. do Beer, undor dato May 22nd, reports : "Since the last mail steamer left, four ships havo been despatched for England, viz. : tho White Rose, Jerusalim, and Lincolnshire, for London; and tho Gnat Britain, s.s, for Liverpool; and tho only veesols now on tbe berth aro the Kent, and tho Lady Jocelyn, both destined for the former 1 port. The Great Brituln loft with as mncli cargo as tho could stow, and a full complomont of passengers, numbering considerably over 500 mills, Shipments of gold have been to an avengo ex 1 tent, the Gre»'. Britain having on board 32,&09oz. and 5,000 sovereigns, tho Jerusalem lO.SOOaz., Whlto Roso 13,300 oz, , and tho Lincolnshire lO.OOOoz. Freights continuo same as last month, viz. - Wool, greasy and scoured, overhead, .}d. per lb.; bark, 35s. to 40s.; tallow, 40s ; leather, £0s.; but, owing to the gonoral scarcity of pro- duce, the toudoncy of rates is downward, and in several instances a shade under thoso quotations has boen accepted. Up to last week tho arrivals from Etiropo wero upon the most limited scale, but since then a considerable number of ships havo mado thdir appearanco, in almost every Instance of tor protracted passages, owing to tho stormy weather encountered in the beginning of the voyago. Fow of these oau ox- pect to load direct homo, but a considerable amount of tonnage can bo placed to load coals at Notvcastlo (New South WalcB) for San Francisco and the various ports in China, at 31s. for the former port, for Hong Kong 21b., and Shanghai 32s. Tho British Bhip Philosopher has been talton up to load a full complement of horses for Calcutta, at £12 each, landed alivo, tho ship finding ii tings and tho nccosBary quantity of wator. Tho Caroline and Stanley have both left for Colombo, each with a full cargo of bonodust. For same port tho Wynaud has loft with only a limited amount of cargo. Tho Lyttol ton and Ruby proceed under charter to San Francisco with coals fri'm Nowcastlo, tho former having procurod 31s. and tho latter 30s. Od., tho lluby returning to an Australian port with lumbor from Vancouver's Island nt £4 per 1,000ft. super. Tho Clyde ship Dunflllan has also beon charlcrcd to proceodwith coals vift Nowcastlo to San Francisco, and from thonco toa port In Europo, at 87s. 6d. por ton for tbo round ; and for samo voyago tho Bombay baa also beon takon up at 85s.; nnd for thia employment, and at similar rates, moro tonnago Is inquired for. For Hong Kong, with coals from Newrastlo, tho Garibaldi has beon fined at 21s. Od. ; nnd oleo the Mario Gabriollo, for Foo-chow-foo, vitt Newcastle, and back to this port, at 80s. The French r arquee Triton and EmlHonno, have each secured 203. Gd. for coals to Slngaporo from Nowcastlo, and the Wimmera and Bonvonue 82s, for Shanghai." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. Arrivais and Clharakcbb sincb our Labt Summary. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese; II., Hamburg; Hn., Hanoverian; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. O., North Gorman, S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian; Bolg. Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; li., Russian ; a., ship ; b., barque ; br., brig; se, schooner; s.a., steamer,") April ARRIVED. 24\. Kent, B. 8., 027, H. V. Bait, London.-W. P. WhitoandCo. 25\. Jady Jocelyn, B. s., 2,133, G, Jenkins, London. Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 20\. Philosopher, B. s., 1,059, Alexander Ross, Liver- pool.-Lorimer, Harwood, and Romo. 20\. St. Kilda, B. se, 189, J. Kirkpatrick, Natal. Sponco, Brothors and Co. 27\. Dunflllan, B. s., 852, J. B. Gamble, Glasgow. Alex. Macfoilan and Co. May. 2\. Wimmera, 1,007, J. E. Cooper, London.-Holmes, White, and Co. 8\. Elizabeth, 203. J. O. Guest, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. 4\. Due do Malakoff, F. b., 455, A. Slmmonnot, Clio rente.-Bligh and Harbottlo.. 4\. Manfred. B. b., 505, H. T. Scott, Calcutta. Lorimer, Marwood, and Home. 4\. Emtliomio, F. o., 453.E. Gabou, Mauritius.-Vic- toria Sugar Company. 5\. Clymeno, B. s, 745, T. Morgan, London.-J. II. White and Co. 11\. Humboldt, F. b., 445, P. Phllllparlo, Charente. Curcier and Adot. 12\. Avoca, R M.S.S., 1,481, A. B. Farquhar, Galle_ F. B. Kondall 12\. Frances Horny, B. b., 451, W. T. Quayle, Mauri- tius.-J. flonty and Co. 13\. Benvenue, B. s., 909, K. S. Muirhead, London. Vtrgoo.Son, and Co. 15\. Francia Thorpo, B. a., 1,200, Liout. J. M. Oulridgo, R.N.R., Liverpool.-Bright Brothers and Co. 15\. Bombay, B. b" 037, T. H. Rickaby, Mauritius. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 17\. Johannes Rbd.N. b., 429, J. R. Bud, Gothon burg.-Captain Bud. 18\. Hougovtmont, B. a., 874, Isaac Paddle, London. Fenwick Brothers. l8. Eurydice, B. e., 1,161, P. Bennett, London. Holmes, White, ana Co. l8. Eva Joshua, B. b" 286, T. II. Robson, Mauritius. Joshua Brothors. 10\. Coldstream, B, b,, 083, George Glenn Ponsonby, London.-Fenwick Brothors. 20\. George Thompson, B. s., 1,127, Wm. Shepherd, llie Downe.-Dalgety, Blackwood.and Co. 20\. Panther. A. a., 1,184, A. li. Kllton, Puget Sound. -Captain Kllton. 20\. FormoBa, B. b,, 380, J. F. Hummell, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. April CLEARED OUT. 24\. Jerusalem, B. s., 901, J. Largie, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, nnd Co. 25\. Malta, R.M.S.8., 1,942, C. G. Porrina, Gallo. F. R. Kendall. 28, Bella Robo, B. br., 185, W. M'Donald, Guam. -W. Smith and Co. 20\. Ruby, B. b., 551, H. Van Nordon, San Francisco, vlft Newcastle.-Holmes, Whlto and Co. 20\. Chuean, B. b" 250, C. B. Wagenor, Maurltltu and Bourbon.-W. A. Braho, 20\. Lucio, F. b., 274, A. Diedrioch, Guam.-Victoria Sugar Company. 30\. Garibaldi, A. b., 070, A. Noyes, Guam.-R. Towns and Co. 30\. Stanley, B. se, 116, M. Griffiths, Colombo.-J. Gibson. 30\. Caroline, B. b., 282, J. Jollard, Colombo-F. W. Prell and Co. Moy. 1\. Dagmar, N. b., 388, Hakon Hansfcn, Guam, via. Newcastle.- H. S. Smith. 3\. Britannia, S. br., 501, P. T. Norin, Callao. Joahua Brothers, 4\. Great Britain, B. s.S., 1,705, John Cray, Liver- pool.-Bright Brothors and Co. G. Lyttclton, B. b., 580, J. Beck, San Francisco. vlll Newcastle.-Kong Hong and Co. G. Lincolnshire, B. s., 1,200, H. H. SMnner, London. -W. P. White and Co. i 5\. Springbok, B. b., 327, H. Harrison, FijL-Dodd and Thomson. 12\. Elizabeth, B. b., 203, J. G. R. Guest, Mauri- tius.-Joahua Brothors and C9. 18\. EmlHonno, F. b., 487, E. Gabou, Singapore, vlft Newcastle.-Victoria Sugar Company. 19\. Dunflllan, B. s., 852, J. B. Gamblo, San Francisco, via NewcaBlle.-Alex. Macfarlan and Co. 20\. Wynaud, B.b., 621,0. P. Jones, Colombo.-Mooro and Co. SHIPS CLEAHBD OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. ArRiti 24. Jerusalem, for London.-700 bags wool, C1 bales leather, 2,533 bogs bark, 5,920 bags copper ore, 47 casks preserved meat, 7 casks old metal, 47 ingots tin, 102 cakes 413 Ingots spelter, 80 casks tallow, 70 bales rags, 14 casks skins, 14,600 horns, 10 tons bones, 1,323 hides, 19 bales ltaugaroo Bkins 3S4 calfskins. Aritii* 25. Malta, R.M.S.S., for Galle.-1 case forma, 1 trusi nowspapors, 1 box documents, 1 caso maps, 20 planks, 5 packages potatoeo, 3 tubs butter, 3 cases parcels, 4 cases apples, 1 packogo bills, 2 packages seeds, 1 ewe books. AruiL 30 Caroline, for Colombo.-3,093 boga bonodust, 1 caso saddlery. Stanley, for Colombo.-1,720 bags bonedust, 400 bags flour. MAY 1. Dagmar, for Guam, vii Newcastle.-4 bales fish, S horses. May 4. Great Britain, s.a., for Liverpool.-017 bales wool, 04 bales leather, 10 bales cuttingd, 1,004 bags bark, 23 packages merchandise and effects, 9 cases wines. May 0. Lincolnshire, for London.-G37 balos wool, Dábales leather, 42 caskB tallow, 26 casks black sand, 15 balos potts, 17 bales kangaroo skins, 40 casks Bhoopwosh, G casks auriferous earth, 600 coses preserved meats, 115 blocks rogulus antimony, 2 coses bilvor lead ore, 1,230 ba?s ground bark, 20 cases meat, 12ca>ea braaswnre, 4,G09 cakes copper, 1 quarter-cask 8 caica wine, 8 packages sundries. May 8. Springbok, for Fiji.-10 hhds. 40 cases wlno, 35 case» beer, G23 pieces boards, 823 boards, 102 pieces lumber, 100 pieces shelving, 30 pairs sasbos, 115 pieces timber, 12 doora, 3 boats, G casks preserved beef, 0 esses biscuits, 10 bags flour, 14 half-barrels 20 cases beer, 2 kegs paint, 2 camp ovens, 2 cases Muntz metal, 4 cases oilmen's stores, 21 packages sundries, 50 water casks, 60 head cattle, 12 horses. May 12. Elizabeth, for Mauritius.-10 balos hay, 22 horses, 4 tone fodder, 10 tons potatoes. May 20. Wynaud, for Colombo.-50 cases jams, 3 cases saddlery, 2,253 bags bonedust, 10 bag» oats, 20 bags bran, 26 bags chaff, 20 bales hay, 10 horses, 2 bulls, 2 pigs. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE 01? THE LAST MAIL. Antill 25. Malta, R.M.S.S., for Point de Gallo.-Passongera saloon : For Klug George's Sound-Mlsi Clifton. For Point do Gallo-Mr. J. H. Dardell and son, Measrs L. Munro and O. Mitchell. For Bombay-Mr. L. Bur- rowes, For Yokohama-Mr. and Mrs. Lonton, Her bort Lonton, two Masters Lenton, and Ur. G. Gibson. For Suez-Tho Hon. F.« North and Mr. M. Joshua. For Marseilles-Measrs. S. H. Marshall, Hyam, Holmes, J. Matthews. For Southampton-Messrs. R. Wylio and Sponco. May 4. Great Biltaln, s.s., for Liverpool.—Passengers saloon : Sir R. R. M'Kenzie, Lady M'Kenzlo, Misses M'Kenzlo (tour), Master M'KonzIo, aud ser- vant, Colonel Reid, Mrs. Held, Masters Bold (three), Mies Reid, and servant, Mr». «'Kirkpatrick, Miss Gray, Kow Mr. Wilson, nurse, and child. Rev Mr. Maughan, Rev. Mr. Bond, tho Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Maitland ; Rov. J. Phelan, Rev. S. Kiordan, Mr. and Mrs. Russell, family (three), and servant ; Mr. and Mrs. Fowler, family (three), and Borvant; Mr. and Mrs. Patrick, Mr. and Mrs. Baird, Mr. and Urs. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Stead, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Miss and Master Hay ward and servant, Master Jorvls, Mr. Rennison, family, and sorvant ; Mrs. Findlay, Miss Maggie Adams, Mrs. Wilson and child, Captain Shepherd, Messrs. R. Vsndelour Kelly, O. Cruickshank, J. 8. Way, Mlllor, U. B. Crosse, J. Kondall, Schmidt, Macpherson, Robin- son, Burford, H. E. King, Brooke, Lewis Henry, Roacnfuld, J. T. King, Guriior, Lewis, G. Lewis, S. Gordon, Hoddlng, Richardson, Nicholson, Wilson, D. Thomson, Maquay, Warnor, Fucrlien, Kay, Court ; und 071 in tho teuond aud third cabins and steerage. May 0. Lincolnshire, for London. Passengers - cabin : Colonel Beatson, RE., Mrs. Beatson, Miss Beat- son, Matters Walter and Gordon Beatson, and mau Eorvant, Lieutenant E. M. Lloyd, Mrs. Lloyd, ti)reo children, and servant, Rev. J. M. Strongman, Mrs. Strongman, Misa Strongman, Master Martin Strongman, Misses Alico and Wary Strongman, Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Taylor, and two children, Mr. and Mrs. J. Harvle, child, and sorvant, Mr. and Mrs. It. Moate and child, Mr. and Mrs. Justlco and child, Captain and Mrs. William Lucas, Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Lyall, Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Adcock, Mrs. Barnfield, Misses Barn- field (4), and Master Barnfield, Mrs. Lethoby and thrco children, Miss Miles, Itov. W. Crono, Major O. II. Dawson, Mr. J. T. Davies, Mr. T. W. Fair, Mr. Charles J, Baker, Mr. Henry J, Penny, Mr. G. O. «utter, Mr. Alfred Tunbridge Mr. Matthew Byrne, Dr. Arthur Taylor; and 173 in the sooond and third cabins. < ' 