WEDNESDAY, MARCH, 1860. In the Legislative Council yesterday, the President took the chair at eight minutes after four o'clock. The PituaiDKNT mentioned that a difficulty had arisen as to the precise condition in which the petition of Mr. N. Levi against the return of Mr. W. A. C. A'Beckett remained, after the prorogation and on the motion of Mr. M'Crae, seconded by Mr. Murphy, the matter was referred to the Elections and Qualifications Committee. On the motion of Mr. Highett, the question of the expenditure in connexion with the Legislative Council was referred to a select committee. The Supply Bill was received from the Legislative Chamber, and read a first and second time, and passed through committee. Some discussion arose as to the form of the preamble, which was considered as an invasion of the rights of the Council and it was ultimately agreed that the same course should be followed as was adopted on a previous occasion, viz., to attach a protest setting forth the objections of the Council to the preamble. The bill was then read a third time and passed. Shortly after His Excellency the Governor entered the chamber, and the Speaker and members of the Assembly having appeared at the bar, the Royal assent was given to the bill. The House then adjourned until Tuesday next. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, the Speaker took the chair at twenty minutes past four o'clock. In reply to a question from Mr. Harbison it was elicited that the Attorney- General did not believe the law preventing the destruction of acclimatised game and animals applied to sparrows. A report of the chief medical officer, relative to the introduction of small- pox into the country, was presented and read. On the motion of Mr. Casey, leave was given to the clerk of committees of the House and the shorthand-writer, to attend and give evidence at the trial of Alexander v. Jones, now pending. The resolutions passed in committee of supply on the preceding Thursday evening were adopted and agreed to. Several returns were, on the motion of lion, members, ordered to be laid on the table. At twenty minutes after four o'clock, hon. members were summoned by message from His Excellency to attend the Council Chamber. On their return, the Speaker announced that His Excellency had been pleased to give the Royal assent to the Supply Bill. The House then adjourned until four o'clock on the following day. At the commencement of a session it will scarcely be considered a work of supererogation to direct the attention of members of the Assembly to the necessity of observing that order and decorum in their councils which, can alone reflect credit upon a deliberative body. During last session too little heed was given to this matter, and several scenes, which can only be remembered to be regretted, arose from an utter neglect of all those rules which, should, and ordinarily do, govern assemblies of intelligent men met for legislative purposes, or for the rational interchange of ideas. Something of this may perhaps be due to the Speaker and to the Chairman of Committees. The former may in some instances have exhibited a too great inclination to side with the majority, and the latter, from want of experience, can scarcely be expected to compare very favourably with his predecessor. But even admitting this, the chief cause of all the unruly conduct and discredit- able scenes which occurred in the Legislative Assembly last session was the very trifling and inadequate support rendered by the members at large to those whom they had chosen to preside over their proceedings. It is scarcely worth while to inquire whether Sir FRANCIS MURPHY is the best possible Speaker, or Mr. F. L. SMYTH the most eligible Chairman of Committees, that could be obtained. They are the chosen of the Assembly, and, as such deserve, and are entitled to, all the support that can be afforded them. And it should be remembered that in trifling with the gentlemen alluded to, taking trivial exceptions to their rulings, or ignoring their decisions by refusing to be guided by and acting in defiance of them, hon. members are detracting from their own dignity, and in the eyes of the public are degrading their own positions. It is almost impossible to attach too much importance to the necessity of preventing the intrusion of personal matters into the debates of the Legislature. When once personal allusions are introduced, all order is at an end. Pleasantries degenerate into vitupera- tion, and the matter at issue is lost in an insane attempt to be witty, or to make a point at the expense of the advocates of the other side of the question. Argument is abandoned for scarcely concealed abuse, and" the Legislative < Chamber is reduced to the level of a bear garden. It has not been an infrequent occurrence that the attention of the Legislature has been diverted from the subject before it by an absurd and disreputable squabble between two or more hon. members, and the inevitable result has been im- perfect and unsatisfactory legislation. How many mistakes have occurred in our best devised laws, and how many errors have been suffered to pass un- noticed, solely because hon. members have been occupied with individual contention, instead of bringing their intellect, and judgment to bear upon it the various aspects of the subject under consideration. The effect of disorderly scenes in Parliament, besides, must be most prejudicial to the moral tone of the community. If the people witness the spectacle of their chosen representatives, forgetting alike the responsibility devolving upon them and the dignity which should attach to their position, they in turn will soon learn to despise and hold in contempt both the law-makers and the laws made by them. It is because such is the case that we are anxious to impress upon hon. members the great desirability of avoiding these unseemly contentions, which hitherto have been of far too common occurrence in our legislative halls. An improper or irritating remark may frequently be made in the heat of debate, but that is no reason why a discussion altogether irrelevant to the matter in hand should follow. Yet this is frequently the case, and when the latest offender is called to order, his defence generally consists in the alleged fact that some- body did a similar thing before him. Of course, if hon. members will persist in such practices they must be content to take the consequences, and to reduce the Assembly to the level of a parish vestry. The proper conduct of the delibera- tions of the Assembly becomes then, a matter in which those who preside over, and those who take part in them are equally interested. The Speaker and Chairman of Committees are absolutely helpless unless they have the cordial assistance of hon. members. It is especially the duty of members of the Government, and of the leaders of the Opposition, to set a good example in this matter. If they refuse to bow to the decisions of the chair, their respective adherents will, of course, follow the same course, and all order will be at an end. If at any time the ruling is so obviously unfair and incorrect that to assent to it would be to endanger the privilege of free discussion, the difficulty should be met by a definite motion condemning such a decision, and not by an indecorous argument with the Speaker or Chairman of Committees, or by an improper attempt to set aside, in an in- direct manner, the objectionable decree. Whilst, however, the House should never forget that those who preside over its debates are officers of its own choosing, and therefore entitled to its support, those officers should also remember the high responsibilities devolving upon them. Theirs it is at the very inception of such a proceeding to check all improper remarks, and to maintain the dignified character of the assemblies over which they preside. If they are content to wait until their attention is called to a departure from those Parliamentary rules which long experience has found to be so necessary, they abdicate their proper functions, whilst at the same time the slightest display of partiality must unmistakably prove that they are undeserving of the confidence reposed in them, and are also most unfitted for the high positions which they occupy. The questions which in the few last sessions of our Victorian Parliament have given rise to so much acrimony, are now happily settled, and it will be most unfortunate if the proceedings of the one upon which we have just entered should show that the representatives of the constituencies are incapable of appreciat- ing the privileges of self- government. A recent mail from England brought the report of a judgment of the Queen's Bench of unusual public interest. The whole question of privileged publications has been under review. The right to publish a bona-fide report of either judicial or Parliamentary proceedings, and to make fair and honest comments on such proceedings, has been in the one case confirmed and in the other established. The courts had long since admitted this principle in relation to their own proceedings, but the question had never before arisen in relation to Parliamentary debates. The Lord Chief Justice observed that, " numerous as are " the instances in which the conduct " and character of individuals have been " called in question in Parliament during " the many years in which Parliament " tary debates have been reported in the " newspapers, the case then before him " was the first instance in which an " action for libel, founded upon a report of a Parliamentary debate, has come before a court of law." In the absence, therefore, of decided cases, the Court was compelled to have recourse to principle and analogy, in order to obtain a solution of the question. The whole subject has thus received complete investigation, and the law of privileged publications has been finally placed on a firm and permanent basis. The circumstances in which the present case arose were as follow. Many years ago Sir FITZROY KELLY and Mr. RIGBY WASON were rival candidates for the borough of Ipswich. There was a petition, and Sir FITZROY KELLY was unseated, on the ground, we believe, of bribery. The merits of that controversy are not material to the present subject, and have, of course, no interest for us. But the transaction seems to have produced much ill-feeling in Mr. MASON'S mind. Not long since, Sir FITZROY KELLY, then become Attorney-General, was promoted to the office of Chief Baron of the Exchequer. Mr. WAHO* wrote a letter to the then Prime Minister, and also presented a petition to the House of Lords, complaining of this old opponent's elevation to the bench. The letter contained a specific charge, which was proved to be false. The petition didnotcontainspecificcharges,bufca*>r,'he speakers inthedebateuponitinthe,J£ouse of Lords assumed that it was based upon the charge contained in the letter. The Times reported the debate in the usual way, and on the same supposition, commented severely upon Mr, "JYASON'S conduct. Mr. WASON then brought an action for libel against Mr. WAITED, as the representative of 27K"7Times», At the trial the jury found that the report was faithful, and the comments fair. The judge who tried the case held that in these circumstances the defendant was entitled to the verdict. Mr. WASON obtained a rule nisi, on the ground of 1 misdirection, and after full argument, the Court of Queen's Bench, in an elaborate written judgment, delivered by the Chief Justice, unanimously discharged the rule and upheld the verdict. The term," privileged," when used in reference to publications, as in the present case, or to ordinary communications in other instances, is unfortunate. It seems to convey the idea of some special favour, while in reality it expresses merely an exception. When we say that the publication of judicial pro "stagings, or of Parliamentary reports, is" privileged, all that we really mean is that such publications, when they are confide, are not within the meaning of the general law of defamation. This view of the subject explains the distinction that the Lord Chief Justice drew between the present case and the great case of Stockdale v. Hansard. In that case the question was, whether the House of Commons could by its mere resolution render lawful an act which was otherwise unlawful, and could, by declaring the subject of dispute to be a matter of privilege, prevent it from being questioned in a court. In the case of was v. Walter the dispute was not as to the power or privilege of either House of Parliament in altering the character of an unlawful act, but simply whether a certain act was or was not unlawful. " To the decision of this " Court," said the Lord Chief Justice in that case (Stockdale v. Hansard), " we '" give our unhesitating and unqualified ." adhesion ; but the decision in that " case had no application to the present." Thus, as the law is now explained, the . ordinary liability for defamation is subject, in regard to Parliamentary proceed- England the same principles apply also to judicial proceedings to the following exceptions. Nothing that is said by any member in his place in Parliament, however injurious to any individual it may be, is defamatory. A faithful and honest report of the debate in which such injurious language is used is not defamatory. A fair and honest com- ment upon such debate is not defamatory. Further, the case of Wason. Walter shows that a mistake made by a journal in its comments upon such a case, if it be made in good faith and on reasonable grounds, does not render those comments defamatory. But the Court was careful to point out that its decision did not in any way interfere with the well known cases of Rex v. Lord Abingdon and Rex v. Creevey. In those cases members of either House of Parliament were punished for publishing reports of speeches delivered by them in Parliament, and reflecting injuriously upon the characterandconduct of individuals. They were exempt from liability for the words uttered by them in the course of their duty in Parliament, but when they outstepped that duty, and published out of Parliament, not a report in the ordinary course of their business, of the whole debate in Parliament, but a report of the offensive speech only, the liability which had previously been suspended was revived. We must therefore observe, first, that the privilege of Parliament, as it is called, is still strictly personal and local-that is to say, that it is confined to members and to words spoken in Parliament; and next, that the exceptional immunity of the press is confined to the publication of the whole pro . ceedings of Parliament, and that, too, apparently, in the ordinary course of business. " A garbled or partial report, says the Lord Chief Justice, "or of detached " portions of the proceedings, published with the intent to injure individuals, "" will equally be disentitled to protect " tion." In other words, the law in cases of defamation implies the presence \- of malice ; but this presumption may be rebutted by circumstances. The fairness of the report, and the habitual publication of similar reports as an ordinary branch of business, are sufficient to rebut the legal presumption. But the publication of a single speech, selected apparently for its mischievous . character, has no such rebutting effect. As to the criticisms upon' such debates, or arising out of them, two conditions are requisite for the critic's protection. In the first place, the jury must be satisfied that the comments, where they are injurious to an individual, are made with an honest belief in their justice. In the next place, they must likewise be satisfied that this belief had some foundation in reason, and did not originate in the blindness of party zeal or of per ? sonal or political aversion. " A person," says the Lord Chief Justice, taking " upon himself to criticise and con " demn the conduct or motives of " another, must bring to the task not " only an honest sense of justice, " but also a reasonable degree of ""judgment and moderation, so that in the result may be what a jury , "" shall deem, under the circumstances of " the case, a fair and legitimate criticism " on the conduct and motives of the "" party who is the object of censure," These principles are sound and just; and although it is not likely that Mr. MASON'S malicious folly will find many imitators, it is highly satisfactory that this important branch of the law should have been dealt with in so comprehensive a manner and so liberal a spirit. The date of the Prince's departure is believed to have been fixed yesterday, and the Galatea is expected to sail on Saturday next for Sydney. Yesterday His Royal Highness did not appear much in public. A portion of the afternoon was again spent by him with the Melbourne Gun Club, on their grounds, at Toorak, in pigeon shooting, the sports being as before under the management of Mr. Grim wood. The Hon. Eliot Yorke, Colonel Anderson, Mr. C. E. Bright, Mr. S. Bright, Mr. "H Power, Mr. R. Power, Captain Standish, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Robertson (of Colac), and other gentlemen, were present. Two bun dred. and ten birds were shot in the course of the afternoon. They were strong on the wing, and reported to be almost equal to the blue rock breed of the old country. In the evening, the Duke attended the state dinner given by the Governor to members of Parliament, the judges, and heads of Government departments. This took place in the long room originally built at the Governor's ', residence at Toorak as a ball-room, and the t 'band of the 14th Regiment were in attend Banco during the repast. To-day, H.R.H. has promised to attend the match on the Melbourne Cricket-ground between the Galatea and Garrison team and the aboriginal black cricketers, and the band of the Galatea will be in attendance. On Thursday and Friday he will be present at Geelong races, returning to Melbourne on the second day in time for the fancy dress ball at the Exhibition building. M Nicholas Chevalier, the artist, will join the Prince's suite on his departure from Melbourne, sailing in the Galatea, for the purpose of accompanying H.R.H. throughout the rest of his trip. The Supply Bill, although its course was not altogether free from danger, has passed the Upper House, received the Royal assent, and become law. It was sent up to the Council last evening, read a first and second time, and referred to committee. Here the old objection arose to the form of preamble, and a discussion sprang up in which the old arguments for and against were repeated. It was decided to pass the bill, but at the same time to repeat the protest which was formerly employed against the objection- able preamble His Excellency then visited the chamber, and gave the Royal assent to the bill. The only other noteworthy business in the Council was the reference to the Elections and Qualifications Committee of the question as to the position of the petition of Mr. N. Levi against the return of Mr. W. A. C. A'Beckett, after the prorogation and re- assembling of Parliament. Two candidates have been proposed for election to the office of chairman of committees in the Council-viz., Mr. Mitchell and Dr. Hope. The former will be proposed for election by Mr. Turnbull, the latter by Mr. J. Henty. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, notices of motions and questions were given relative to the immediate or gradual repeal of the 53rd clause of the Constitution Act ; the introduction of a new bill relative to abattoirs and the slaughtering of cattle ; the alteration of the law of dower ; the value of Angora wool in England and for the introduction of the new scab and insolvency bills. The committee on the Waterworks Bat again yesterday, and Mr. Christopherson was under examination for a considerable time. His report, in answer to the charges of Mr. Higinbotham was got through as far as the portion which relates to the Malmsbury dam. The committee meet again this day at eleven o'clock. One of the principal charges against Mr. Christopherson is that the iron pipes which pass through the puddle of the dam would be so crushed by the superincumbent pressure as to become utterly useless. Mr. Christopherson reply is that the pressure would act evenly all round the pipes, and he yesterday produced a model showing Each to be the case. This is said to confirm an actual experiment which has been tried. A hole was bored through the bottom of one of the pipes, and the puddle immediately commenced to force itself through the aperture, showing that the pressure from below is equal to that from above. We understand that in all probability the new Land Bill will be introduced immediately before the Easter recess, so that hon. members may have ample time to consider the provisions of the measure before it comes on for discussion. A report of the chief medical officer relative to some of the cases of small- pox which have lately occurred here was last night presented to Parliament. The object of the report appears to be to maintain that the small-pox is due to local causes, and was not introduced into this colony by the Avon Vale. The paper will be found in full in our Parliamentary report. The sparrows are in imminent danger. The law officers of the Crown have given it as their opinion that these strangers are not protected from slaughter by act of Parliament. An erroneous idea, promulgated in reference to a statement made in our issue of of yesterday, is just worth correction. Par- tially informed persons are apt to suppose that in all cases application to the electoral registrar is necessary for a vote for the Upper House ; such, however, is not the case. There will in future be rolls of ratepaying electors for the Legislative Council, as there are now for the Legislative Assembly. Lists of all persons rated at and above £50 will be made up by the respective town clerks, and road board and shire secretaries, and forwarded to the electoral registrars, without any interven- tion or trouble on the part of the elector. These lists, when printed, will become "the rolls of ratepaying electors for the Legislative Council. We learn that the tickets for the fancy dress ball on Friday evening, for the benefit of the Alfred Hospital, are being applied for freely. Up to a late hour last night, applications for at least 1,000 ladies' and gentlemen's tickets had been sent in, and it is intended to close the lists this afternoon. Cards of invita- tion have been sent to the Governor and his suite, and His Royal Highness and his suite. It is anticipated that the Duke will allow the band of the Galatea to be present. The care of the supper arrangements has been committed to Mr. R. U. Miller, and the supplying of the wines to Mr. E. Smythers, beth caterers having performed their duties well in connexion with the mayor's late ball, and with the Sailors' Home ball last year. Arrangements are also been; made, we learn, for the laying of the foundation stone of the Alfred Hospital a pleasant duty, which probably the Duke will agree to perform before he leaves the colony for Sydney. The Royal Mail steamship Geelong, Captain R. T. Dundas, with the Australian and New Zealand mails for transmission to Europe and the East, left her anchorage in the bay yesterday punctually at two p.m. She took over twenty passengers from this port alone, several of them well-known residents in Melbourne and the steamer which conveyed them on board was fairly crowded with friends who went to wish them bon voyage. Amongst the passengers who left by her from Sydney was Lord Somerville, who is intimately identified with the project of sugar-growing in New South Wales, and who has recently succeeded to his title by the death of his brother, the late Lord Somerville, who was killed in the hunting-field. Captain Lovell, one of the Peninsular and Oriental Company's travelling inspectors, i is also a passenger from Sydney to Galle. The list of passengers who embarked at Melbourne included Colonel Stephens, for Calcutta ; Colonel Nasmyth, for Bombay and Captain W. H. Norman, of HI.M. C.SS. Victoria, who goes to England to bring out the new iron-clad ship Cerberus. Mr. W. P. Muir, of the Land Mortgage Bank, also left yesterday for London, with a view to open a branch of the bank there and Mr. Du tires, of the firm of Messrs. Dalgety, Blackwood and Co., returns to London after a year's residence in Melbourne. Mr. G. J. McCaul (late of Messrs. Gemmell, M'Caul, land Co.), and Mrs. Badcock, wife of Mr. Badcock, of the Bank of New South Wales, were also passengers. At the. Customs, the Geelong cleared out with 37,696oz._of gold and 12,617 sovereigns. To-day, at half-past three o'clock, the Geelong Fine Art Exhibition, which has been some time in preparation, will be opened by His Excellency the Governor, at the local Mechanics' Institute. The ceremony is to be somewhat elaborate, and to be accompanied by musical performances, in which Mrs. Fox, and most of the leading? amateurs of Geelong, will take part. His Excellency will leave Melbourne by the mid- day train, and probably remain in Geelong all night. i A rumour was industriously circulated last evening, to the effect that the Hon. George Higinbotham had received from Her Majesty the honour of knighthood. 'It proved pa. inquiry to have no foundation whatever in fact, is , in The usual weekly meeting of the Acclimatisation Society took place yesterday, at I Uli. Hi I I i use - . . till. the office of the society. The members of the council present were-Dr. Thos. Black (president), Dr. F. Von Mueller, Count de Cas Holman, and Messrs. F. S. Dobson and J. Steavenson The president read a letter from Mr. A. R. C. Selwyn, announcing his immediate departure from the colony, and tendering his services to the council to further the views and objects of the society in Europe. It was decided that Mr. Selwyn should be presented with the society's medal, as an acknowledgement of his valuable services at the council, and also as a small token of the esteem in which he is held by his colleagues of the society. The council decided that a letter should be addressed to Mr. Pascoe, the town clerk of Echuca, thanking him for his kind and repeated efforts in trying to send to Melbourne some Murray cod ova for transportation to England. Dr. F. Von Mueller read his report upon the "Mikado Grace, a plant indigenous to South America, and supposed to be very useful in cases of snake-poison. The attention of the council had been drawn to this subject by Mr. Elliot, of Ballarat. Mr. Montgomery gives an evening of "Royal recitals" at St. George's-hallto- night, under the immediate patronage of the Duke of Edinburgh, who will be present. Mr. Montgomery has made a choice selection for the occasion. Last night he was on board the Galatea, and entertained the crew, to their great satisfaction, with some excellent specimens of his elocutionary powers. H.M.C.S. Pharos sails on Monday to renew the survey of the coast, of which Lieutenant Stanley, R.N., has now the charge. The survey has been completed to the eastward as far as Wilson's Promontory, and the Pharos will now take soundings along the Ninety mile Beach. At a meeting of the stewards of the Geelong Races held yesterday, the president reported that he had visited the course that morning, and found it in better condition than he had over known it to be before. Mr. Hudson was elected clerk of the course, in lieu of Mr. Quiney, resigned. The match between the officers of the Galatea and Garrison v. Laurence's aboriginal cricketers, was commenced yesterday, but the weather was again unfavourable, and there were but few spectators, showing that there must be something more attractive than a cricket match, however good, in these times, to induce people to expose themselves to the fiery rays of an unclouded summer sun. The darkies were the first to handle the willow, of which they made a right good use, maintaining possession of the wickets until the stumps were drawn, by which time they had run up a score of 327 for the loss of nine wickets, Laurence having contributed sixty-eight and Cuzens sixty three. The match will be resumed to-day, and as His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh has signified his intention of being present, there will doubtless be a good attendance. The bands of H.M.S. Galatea and the 14th Regiment will perform on the ground during the afternoon. H.M.S.S. Galatea having been open yesterday for inspection by the public, the opportunity was taken by large numbers to visit the Royal frigate. During the whole of the day several steamers were busy ply- ing with visitors, and the Williamstown steamer, Gem, also made several trips in the afternoon. The weather was all that could be desired, and many who declined going by the steamers, put off in the watermen's boats, which were well patronised. The Galatea will be again open for visitors to-day. A meeting of the society for the relief of the educated poor was held yesterday at the office of Mr. Shaw, official assignee, Eldon Chambers. Present Mr. Shaw (in the chair), the Rev. H. H. P. Handfield, Mr. Greig, Mr. Dickson, and Dr. Neild. The treasurer announced that the sum of £27 4s. 2d. remained in hand. The whole number of cases dealt with amounted to fifteen, of which eight were fresh applications. Of these, two were considered eligible for relief ; the rest were postponed or refused. The decision of the sub- committee, with reference to such cases as had come before them was confirmed. An account of £5 for printing was ordered to be paid. A one-twentieth share in the Melbourne and Ballarat Glass Bottle Company was sold yesterday at £13 premium. The company expect to commence work in a few days, when they anticipate turning out fifty or sixty gross of sodawater bottles a week ; but when the works have been some time in operation, and the employés become thoroughly conversant with their various duties, double that number is expected to be made weekly It is intended at present to confine the manufacture to the bottle trade, but after wards work of a finer description will be attempted. ' Gun-cotton as a substitute for blasting powder in mining operations seems to possess a great number of advantages, and to fully deserve the good opinions which have been expressed as to its capabilities. Some late experiments made with it by Mr H. A. Thompson prove conclusively that the gun cotton is more powerful, more economical, more effective, and less dangerous than the ordinary blasting powder. Its special advantages, as detailed by Mr. Thompson, are that it occupies less space, and thus saves labour, as borings only a third of the depth required for blasting powder are needed; that the effect is greater, the rock being usually shattered all round the bore that no smoke proceeds from it and that it is more manageable altogether than the powder. With reference to the alleged danger of exploding the gun-cotton while tamping the bore, Mr. Thompson remarks that a little care prevents any risk of that kind. When placed upon an anvil, and struck by a hammer, the cotton explodes readily, but when placed upon wood, stone, or brick, and struck with a wooden mallet, it cannot be exploded at all. The tamping of the holes with a wooden tamping bar is, therefore, an effectual preventative premature explosions! An inch cartridge of the cotton is equal to two ounces and a half of good blasting powder, when used in rock of medium hardness. But the proportions vary with the character of the rock and where the stone is broken up by numerous joints, blasting powder has more effect than cotton. Exploding the cotton by percussion increases its power by one-half or two-fifths, and therefore a much greater effect is produced if a little blasting powder is laid on the top of the charge of cotton to fire it. Several trials of this system were made by Mr. Thompson, and the results proved that a reduced quantity of cotton with blasting 'powder, to fire it, did equal or better work than the full charge fired in the ordinary way The method recommended by Mr. Thompson is to put half an ounce to an ounce of blasting-powder in a piece of calico, and tie it to the fuse, the end of which is inserted in the powder. This is placed on the top of the cotton instead of wadding ; the hole is then camped and fired as usual. A meeting of subscribers to the new church about to be erected at Prahran, in connexion with the Church of England, was held last evening in the hall of the local Mechanics' Institute, for the purpose of electing trustees in the place of those who had retired from the position, namely, Messrs. Crews, Nott, R. Smith, and White. The Rev. John Ful- ford occupied the chair. After considerable discussion, the following gentlemen were appointed trustees Messrs. Thomas Broadbent, John Owen, and William Vanns. Messrs, Bradshaw, Nicholson, Cerutty, Griffin, Crook, Gill, and Girdler were also appointed as a committee in connexion with the proposed building. A number of Welshmen residing in Melbourne visited Ballarat a few days ago, to commemorate the anniversary of their patron and if I , ';',,/.', li -6-2 saint, St. David, but others, from -business and other causes not being able to attend, determined not to let the day pass without showing some indications of their affection for their fatherland, An impromptu dinner, therefore, was provided at the Carlton Club Hotel, Fitzroy, on Monday (St. David's Day). After dinner Mr. B. G. Davies was voted to the chair, and in a brief' speech proposed a toast to the "Memory of St. David." Other toasts followed, and in proposing "Absent Friends," it was suggested that, a joint committee should be formed from Melbourne and Ballarat, and that the anniversary meetings should be held alternately in these places. Madame and the Misses Carandini, and Mr. Sherwin, we understand, will kindly entertain the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum this afternoon at a concert, in which they will present a variety of their choicest songs. Yesterday the first pile in connexion with the new gasholder tank, to be built for the Melbourne Gas Company, was driven by the chairman of the company, at the gasworks, in Batman's Swamp. This new work has been called for by the increasing consump- tion of the gas manufactured by the company, which has necessitated an enlargement of their works, and an improvement in the mode of manufacturing the gas. A gas- holder, therefore, was ordered from England, and on its arrival tenders for the necessary excavations, and for its erection, were called for. Those of Mr. George Young for the excavations, and of Messrs. E. Chambers and Co. for the erection of the gasholder, were accepted. Mr. Young at once commenced his task, and yesterday invited the directors of the company and a few friends to witness the first blow given to the trammel pile on the accurate pitch of which the whole work depends. The tank, which will be built in brick- work, set in cement, will require the excavation of about 14,000 cubic yards of earth- work, and the faulty nature of the ground necessitates the piling and sheeting of the whole of the circumference, which is being carried on in a very judicious manner. The brickwork will take between 500,000 and 000,000 bricks and 900 cubic feet of blue-stone ashlar. The holder and fittings will weigh about 282 tons, and they will he capable of holding 600,000 cubic feet of gas. After the pile-driving had been accomplished, the company were invited to a marquee adjacent, where sparkling wines had been provided by the contractor for the refreshment of his guests, and " Prosperity to the Gas Company," and "Success to the Contractors were duly proposed and drunk. The workmen employed were also treated in a liberal manner. The site chosen for the new gasholder was decided upon from borings made for the purpose, and the excava- tion has proved that the selection was judicious, as in no other part of the company's ground has so good a foundation been met with. We have received a letter from " A Sufferer," who draws a very gloomy picture as to the healthy prospects of that portion of Brunswick which adjoins the property of Mr. M. Dawson, of Phoenix-park, and complains of inaction on the part of the borough authorities. Although "A Sufferer" has omitted to give his name and address, we have made inquiries into his complaint, and find that the story of " disease and death is very much exaggerated. Whooping-cough prevails, and one death has occurred from that cause. It appears that a nuisance existed some time back by Mr. Dawson spreading ' blood, offal, and nightsoil over his grass paddocks, which resulted in proceedings being taken by the council, which were stayed by Mr. Dawson pledging himself to use some effective measures that would stop the nuisance complained of and further, that if ever a complaint were made again, and that complaint was signed by any half dozen near residents, he would cease carting this manure altogether. Under these circumstances, we may suggest that "A Suf- ferer" has a very simple and inexpensive remedy at hand. The usual weekly meeting of the committee of the Melbourne Hospital was held yesterday afternoon, at three o'clock. There were present Mr, George Harker (in the chair), Dr. Motherwell, and Messrs. M. O'Grady, Moore, Hart, Fenton, Gillbee, Gibbs Knaggs, and Martin. The report of the Finance Committee, recommending the payment accounts amounting to £1,692 6s. 8d., was received, and, on the motion of Mr. Moore, adopted. The secretary's report as to the number of patients in the hospital showed that, during the week ending on Saturday last, 72 patients had been admitted, and that there were 228 now out- patients and 109 casualties, making a total for the week of 469 cases. The deaths during the same period were 11, the discharges 61, and the number of patients yet remaining in the hospital 379. Letters were read from Mr. Ashworth in reference to a case of small-pox discovered in the hospital ; from Dr. Robertson, requesting leave of absence on the ground of his proposed visit to Tasmania and from Mr. W. H. Syme, resigning his position as LOCKIE tenens for Mr. Lawrence. Dr. Robertson's application was acceded to, and the resignation of Mr. Syme accepted. A large number of applications from candidates for the vacant office of assistant dispenser to the hospital were then considered. The testimonials of the applicants were examined, and those who were in attendance were personally interrogated as to their qualifications, &c.; A ballot was then taken, and a native of Sweden named Snelgron, who had been only four months in the colony, and had never served in an English dispensary, but who produced excellent testimonials from persons in Stockholm, was elected. It was proposed by Mr. Gilbee that No. 5 Ward should, in order to obviate the inconvenience occasioned by the scanty accommodation for female patients, be converted into a female ward. The proposition was referred to the surgical staff, who were instructed to report upon the subject. Tenders for supply- ing the hospital with milk for the half-year were then considered, and out of five tenderers Mr. Gardiner, who offered to furnish pure milk at 2d. per quart, was the successful competitor. Some small accounts which were presented for payment were referred to the finance committee for examination, and the meeting terminated. We should think that there will be but little difficulty in filling the proposed art exhibition gallery with some excellent pictures. We have noticed in the shop of Mr. Whitehead, Collins-street, some half a dozen pictures, by Mr. J. H. Carse, that are well worthy of study. They are all Australian views, and three of them have been purchased by Mr. Connell (of the firm of Connell, Watson, and Hogarth). These three Coliban Falls " and two views of Mount Beck- with) have been noticed before in our columns, and the pure air tones and careful finish they display sustain the reputation of the artist. The Coliban Falls'' is specially noticeable for its admirable rendering of the rich moist soil and heavy verdure peculiarly characteristic of the place. The other three are for sale. The largest is " Mile Creek." A sample gorge runs abruptly up the mountain side, down which the water pours fiercely, and collects in a pool fringed with boldly-painted ruBhes. A fete- water-birds have sought the cool shadow of the close, and are paddling here and there in the shallow pool. In the distance the heavy bush stretches away under a sky touring and sulky with threats of rain. The subject is boldly and successfully treated, and the characteristics of the Australian landscape preserved. The two others are smaller in size and are unnamed, but they are very delicately painted. One is a lonely waterhole, in one of ,*>SVS ii in those open spots that the traveller finds dotted here and there among the dense belts of scrub that girdle the mountain ranges. A camp fire is sending up, its thin breath of blue smoke upon the still air, and a flock of wild ducks is circling home to the friendly shelter of the little swamp.' -The companion picture would seem to have been painted in the same locality. It is a study of a lonely lagoon, on the edge of a plain, frequented by cattle which have made a marked track from its bank to the distant bush. A range of purple hills shuts in the rolling expanse of back-blown haggard woodland, and over the sandy plain a herd of cattle is trooping up to water. The day has been hot, and the sky is pure and molten, while the dust raised by the lagging hoofs of the tired herd hangs heavily. The distance is charming, and the air-tones pure and sweet. Mr. Carse has succeeded in catching the peculiar and tortured expression that all trees that fringe a plain invariably acquire. There are also two capital copies by Scale (horses and pigs and an original picture by the same artist, a little theatrical in treatment,, but carefully and clearly handled Captain Campbell's retirement from the position of Harbour Master of Melbourne, the duties of which responsible office he has so long performed with credit to himself and profit to the public, has been made the occasion of according to that gentleman an expression of esteem in a more substantial form than mere words can convey. A number of his friends subscribed a sum of money for the purpose of presenting him with a service of plate, and at three o'clock yesterday afternoon the presentation took place at the offices of Messrs. M'Meckan, Blackwood, and Co., King-street. Captain Campbell being present in response to an invitation from the subscribers, the Hon. J. G. Francis handed over to him a very handsome tea service and salver, all the articles being of solid silver, and beautifully wrought. In presenting the gift Mr. Francis passed a high eulogium upon Captain Campbell's character and conduct, and the efficiency with which for nearly twenty years he had discharged the duties of harbour-master at this port. The testimonial was inscribed as follows :-" Presented to Captain A. Campbell, by a few friends, on the occasion of his retiring from official life as harbourmaster. Melbourne, 2nd March, 1860." We observe that the time for sending in tenders for the works of water supply in connexion with Castlemaine, Sandhurst, and Geelong, has been extended from the 2nd to the 9th inst. At about one o'clock this morning a fire broke out at the corner of York and Yarra streets, Emerald-hill. The Melbourne fire brigade, under Superintendent Hoad, in conjunction with the local brigade, confined the fire to the destruction of four wooden houses. The damage caused by the fire is insured to the extent of about £400. A new bridge over the Deep Creek at Bulla was the subject brought before the Commissioner of Roads yesterday by a deputation from the shire council, consisting of Mr. Beattie (president), Mr. Harris (shire engineer and several councillors, attended by Mr. M. L. King, M.L.A., and Mr. Riddell, M.L.A. Mr. Harris opened the case. In 1863 the Government had handed over to the shire a stone bridge across the creek. It was then in a bad state, being of loose and shingly" construction, but since then it had become worse and worse, till now it was useless. It could not be repaired, and even the stones, which might be useful for the new bridge were covered over with rubbish. The shire council were about to build a new stone bridge with four arches, at a cost of £3,000, but their funds being inadequate they asked for Government assistance, which had at one time been absolutely promised. Mr. Jones said that three designs for this new bridge were now in his office - one of stone, to cost £2,010 ; one of iron girders and stone piers, to cost £1,540 and one on cloth," no material being specified, for £066. Were the last to be carried out, he could promise appreciable assistance ; but in view of such a sum as £3,000, he was afraid he could offer nothing considerable. The Government were only going to ask Parliament for £12,000 as assistance to works of this kind, and thus his hand was held. 'Should Parliament increase this vote he might then be. more liberal. Mr. Riddell reminded the Commissioner that the Government had saved £9,000 last year by non-application of votes on behalf of these local bodies, and as every thing in the political world last year was so unsettled, the Bulla Shire Council had fore- gone their claims. Mr. Jones pointed out that that circumstance could scarcely alter the case as it stood. Upon this ensued a discussion, which ended in Mr. Jones promising to do his best to get £1,000 for the purpose required. The case of Barnett v. Reid, partly heard before the chief justice on Monday, was continued yesterday. The plaintiff's case was concluded, and several witnesses had examined for the defence when the Court rose. The case will probably be concluded to-day and on Thursday morning the action of Alexander v. Jones will be commenced. In the juries of four court the cases tried were of little public interest. Several hours were occupied in the hearing of Lewis v. Oddie, an ejectment suit. The plaintiff sued upon a mortgage which had been assigned to him by the late Mr. Vardy, attorney, and the defence set up was that the document had been obtained by fraudulent means. After hearing the evidence the jury at once returned a verdict for the plaintiff. The suit of Bruce v. Ligar, commenced in the Equity Court on Monday, was concluded yesterday. Mr. Justice Molesworth reserved his decision. A decision was given by Mr. Justice Moles- worth yesterday, as chief judge of the Court of Mines, in the case of Collins v. Hayes, relat- ing to the doctrine of champerty and maintenance. Collins and eight others had jumped' a claim at Maryborough in the occupation of Hayes, and instituted a suit to be put in possession of the ground. On the trial it appeared that the plaintiffs were instigated to commence the proceedings by Mr. Phelps, a solicitor, who paid for miners' rights for them, and who was to receive as his fee one-half of each man's share. Judge Macoboy hold that this agreement between Phelps and the plaintiffs savoured of champerty and maintenance, and dismissed the suit and Mr. Justice Moles- worth yesterday confirmed his decision. The Bourke General Sessions were continued yesterday at the County Court- house, before his Honour Judge Pohlman. Margaret Green, who had been convicted on the previous day of stealing a quantity of silk, the property of Mr. J. L. Clarke, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment. Joseph Sher rick was charged with stealing a quantity of harness, the property of William Browne, fell monger, Wellington-street, St. Kilda, on the 30th of January last, It appeared that on the night of the robbery the prosecutor's stable had been set on fire, and the property in question stolen during the confusion which ensued. The prisoner, and a man named Robinson, who on the previous day had pleaded "Guilty" to the charge of complicity in the offence, ' were seen near, the promises, the former engaged in driving a horse and cart, which contained a sack filled with what ' a witness who felt it stated seemed to be some leathern substances, Several witnesses deposed to the prisoner being in the locality at the time of the robbery. For the defence Robinson was placed in the witness-box, and in the course of his evidence he stated that he had only hired the prisoner for the occasion, that he had paid him to drive the cart, j he (prisoner) being ignorant of its > contents. It was sought to prove, however, for the prosecution, that the prisoner and the witness were old confederates, and had resided together some weeks previous to the robbery. The prisoner was acquitted. Two men, named respectively Halleck and Howson, were convicted of forgery and uttering, and remanded for sentence. The Court sat till near nine o'clock, and then adjourned till ten o'clock this morning. John Ryan, a young Danish immigrant, was yesterday sent to the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, from the City Court, having developed a rather peculiar form of mania. It is only about seven months since he arrived in the colony, and was fortunate enough to meet with Mr. Thomas Asche, a merchant and countryman of his own, who had some knowledge of his family. Mr. Asche interested himself for the youth, and obtained him employment with Mr. Frazer, M.L.A., but in that service he evinced a far greater aptitude for reading, smoking, and " reflec- tion, than for work. "I am a gentleman's son," he would say, " and don't like work-I like to read and reflect. " His employer did not like it, however, and so he lost his place. Then Mr. Asche again supplied his wants, and sent him up the country to look for employment, with as little success as before. Then his demands for money became frequent, until at last he asked his benefactor for " enough to buy a pistol to blow his (Mr. Asche's) brains out." Upon this Mr. Asche thought it desirable to send him back to his own people, and offered to pay his passage, but Kyhn had got hold of another nation. He had come out here to make a fortune rapidly, and go back again j Mr. Asche had encouraged him, and was therefore responsible for everything and as he saw no immediate prospect of getting the fortune for himself, it was only reasonable that Mr. Asche should supply it. Full of this determination he wrote that gentleman a letter, demanding his fortune," refusing to go home without it, and threatening all sorts of murder and sudden death if it was not at once forthcoming. For this he was given into custody, examined by Drs. McCrea and Ford, reported insane, and consigned to the asylum. Messrs. T. and W. White, wine and spirit merchants, Swanston-street, were yesterday summoned before the District Court, charged with using a fraudulent trade mark, whereby they had rendered themselves liable to a penalty of £100, or twelve months' imprisonment. The case excited a great deal of interest, and during its progress the court-house was filled with commercial men. The proceedings had been initiated by Mr. H. A. Bronckhorst, legal agent in Victoria for the firm of Hennessy and Co., the great brandy distillers and the alleged offence consisted in bo ttl ingot two quarter-casks of brandy, the produce of the Associated Vineyard Company, after it had been much reduced in strength and reiltivoured, and passing it off as Hennessy's by using the labels, corks, capsules, and cases of that firm. But the case broke down hopelessly, and was dismissed with an order upon complainants for £3 3s. costs. Only two witnesses were called, but neither of them in the slightest degree supported the allegations upon which the summons was issued, notwithstanding it was on information supplied by one of them (named Esther) that this action was taken. From what appeared in the course of hearing, this man informed against the Messrs. White as having been guilty of this dishonesty, representing that he assisted in the bottling and in affixing to the bottles 300 of Hennessy's label that he supplied Mr. Bronckhorst with one of these labels, and about half a gross of corks and capsules made and branded in imitation of Hennessy's and that he also furnished a bottle of the spurious brandy to the same person. In the witness-box yesterday, however, he admitted that while he might have said and done all this, he was both saying and acting a lie when he did so, for the tale he told was a pure fabrication. Of course it is a very questionable matter how much of such a man's present statement can be believed. Messrs. White's explanation of the matter appears in another column, and effectually disposes of the charge, Mr. Thomas, landlord of the Hull and London Hotel, Bourke-street, was yesterday fined £4, with 40s. costs, in the District Court, for a breach of the bye-laws of the Local Board of Health. On the night of Thursday last, guided by the intolerable stench, two police officers found a couple of men very busily engaged in turning the contents of a cesspool into the gutter, so that the nightsoil flowed down the open channels of Bourke and Swanston streets. The men were arrested, and pleaded that they were employed by Thomas- an excuse which brought upon their employer the penalty above named, but did not save them from a criminal prosecution, which will be decided by the City Court this day. On Monday, while Mr. Coppin was driving a buggy in which Mrs. Coppin was seated, on the Richmond-road, the horse took fright, and the buggy was upset, Mrs. Coppin sustaining some slight injuries. The lady was assisted into the residence of Mr. M. L. King, near which the accident occurred, and she was able soon afterwards to proceed home. The telegraph station at Newstead is to be continued. Miss Pitman, the daughter of the postmaster, is to act as electrician and postmistress, and thus, while saving expenditure to the Government, she will be able to meet the wants of Newstead in this matter ' ' We regret to state, " says the Bendigo Even- ing Newson yesterday, " that Mr. O'Loughlin, barrister, who some years ago was in very good practice at Sandhurst, but afterwards emigrated to New Zealand, where he met with some reverses, and from whence he returned to this colony not long since, enfeebled in mind and body a complete wreck was brought up before the Sandhurst bench to-day, charged by the police with being of unsound mind. He was ordered to be sent to the Yarra Bend, and thus virtually terminates the career of a gentleman possessed of many good qualities, and not devoid of natural abilities, who has fallen another victim to the seductive influences of those drinking customs that are too frequently the bane of our Colonial society, and too often bring about the downfall of some of our best men." We learn by telegram from Portland that at the races which commenced there yesterday the Maiden Race was won by Pallas, with Jet second ; the Handicap by Nanny O ; the Selling Race by Nuisance with Shillelagh second and the Hack Race by Sheriff. The Bench at Penshurst has taken de novo the evidence in the case in which the man Hobbs was charged with the manslaughter of Doyle, and Hobbs has been again committed to take his trial. This is the second case in this district in which this course has recently been found necessary, the other being that of the Kirkstall murder. There was no change in the programme at the Theatre Royal last evening and at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre the entertainment of the Curnadinia was repeated to an appreciative audience. The number of visitors to the National Museums of natural history, geology, and economic geology applied to mining, agriculture, and the arts, for the week ending 27th February, was 1,521 for the month of February, 5.216. We have been requested to correct an error which occurred in the published names of the auditors and assessors elected for East Collingwood, on Monday. The auditors elected were Messrs. Gruber and Petherick, and the assessors Messrs. Minifie and Crisp. On Monday evening a lecture was delivered by Mr. J. F. Chuck at the St. Kilda Collegiate Academy to the pupils and friends of Mr. A. Morris, principal. The subject was "Scenes of Travel, Perils, and Adventures in the Wilds of Australia, as recorded in the journals of Oxley, Sturt, and Eyre." The lecturer sue -.-^X» --» - say I ; t ceeded in gaining the attention. nofonlyof j the juvenile portion of his auditory, " but of a.' the more advanced of his hearers, Mr. Sturt acknowledges the receipt of the following donations, collected by Messrs. E. L. Zox and J, Aarons for the police, court poor-box assessor. J M'Ewan and Co., £2 2s. Messrs. Laing and Wulwtcr, £2 2s.; Mr. -F W. Merrifield, £1 Is. ; Messrs. Brasch Brothers ., / and Salenger, £1 ; Messrs, M. Marks and Son, " r £1 ; Mr. H. W. Stewart, £1 Is. ; Messrs. I S M'Naughton Love and Co., £1; Messrs. A McArthur, Sherrard, and Copeland, £1 ; Messrs. Sargood, King, and Co., £1 ; Messrs. Ed. Keep and Co., £1 ; Mr. Joseph Aarons, £1; Messrs. Connell, Watson, and Hogarth, £1 ; Mr. E. L. Zox, 10s. ; Mr. - Farmer, 10s Messrs. Mason, Firth, and Co., 10s. Mr. Smythers, 10s,; Messrs. M'Ewan and Co., 10s. ; Mr. Fenwick, 10s. Mr. W. neym anson, 10s. ; Messrs. Dickson Brothers, 10s. ; Mr. N. Levy, 10s. 6d.; Mr. F. E., 10s.; Messrs. Lazarus Brothers, 10s. : Messrs. J. Solomons and Co., 10s. ; Mr. Spooner, 5s. ; Mr. White, 5s. Mr. M'Lean, Cs. : Messrs. Lyall and Brown, as. : Mr. L. M. Myers, 6s. ; Mr. Naylor, 5s. ; Mr- b. Hart, 5s. ; A Friend, 5s. ; Mr. Sleight, 5s. ; Mr. Phillipson, 5s. ; Mr. L. Benjamin, 5s. ; Mr. F. Moollor, 5s. ; Mr. J. Marles, 5s. ; Mr. A. Marks, 2s. 6d. ; Mr. Nowstattle, 2s. 6d. ; Mr. L. Aaron, 2s. 6d. ; Mr. E. E. Phillips, 2s 6d. ; Mr. Snider. 2s. 6d.; Mr. J. M'Lean. 2s. 6d. ; Mr. W. B. Isaacs, 2s. 6d. ; Mr. H. Moses, 2s. 6d. ; Mr. S. Benjamin, 2s. 6d. ; Mr. Morrow, 2s. 6d..; Mr. Johns, 2s. 6d. Total, 2249. 