THE FIJI ISLANDS. We have intelligence from Levuka to the 25th Sep tember. An account of the total wreck of the Danish brig St Thomas, charterer by Messrs Wolfen and Co., of Sydney, will be found in our shipping column. The first number of the Fiji Times was issued on the beginning of the month. The fourth of the series contains the following items: During the late cruise of the schooner Van Tromp to the westward she fell in with the schooner Donald M'Kay, seeking labourers. While at Erromanga the natives fired upon tho boat's crew of the latter, sending a bullet through the arm and chest of the mate, and killing outright one of the men. Fire was also opened upon the Van Tromp's boat, but without effect The long-missing barque Anna, of Melbourne turned up at Tanna a few weeks ago. Not succeeding in procuring labourers at the Kingsmill Islands, Mr, Latten, the owner, has filled up with cocoanuts, and returned to the colonies. During the stay of H.M.S. Rosario in Levuka Harbour, a petition to Earl Belmore, Governor of New South Wales, was numerously signed by those in- terested in the growth of cotton in Fiji, praying that the immigration of labourers from the New Hebrides or Line Islands should be placed under efficient control so as to prevent or punish any violation of the laws in reference to slavery. The Fijian planters have no sympathy with kidnapping and manstealing, but wish only for voluntary labour, fairly procured and honestly paid for. The Times of the 25th contains an official account of the ceremonials observed who the representatives of the Polynesia Company took possession of their lands in Viti Levu Bay. At Nadi the house of Messrs. Markham and Smith on the plantation of Messrs. Emberson and Co has been burnt ; probably by the Sabeto people, who have lately thrown off their profession of Christianity, and joined the heathen mountaineers at Navosa. Messrs. Elden Brothers, at Kabalau Point, have had their house burnt by accident, and lost all their furni- ture, &c.; by the fire. A canoe which left Cawici, on Ovalau, for a town near to the island of Mamena, on the Viti Levu coast, was upset near to Naigani recently, and only one of the crew (sixteen natives) reached the land alive. The Bau chiefs met for consultation on the 25th August, and decided to impose a duty on spirits of three dollars per case, or one shilling and sixpence per bottle. A tax of one dollar each, or perhaps a friendly tribute of one dollar per man, was to be gathered after the 1st of next January. A woman was sentenced to death, and ordered to be hanged in three days, for murdering her newly born baby. The sentence, how- ever, is not to be carried out. Anetbor woman was charged with the same crime, but the evidence not being complete the case wes remanded. 