. MA Y 29th, 1869 Those w ho have hitherto been disposed to doferd, the conduct of men who have taken thei bost'active partr in, the introduction of iPo1yneiiman abour in these colonies will pro baly, ?o?v h' e 'disposed to admit that the ti ice n' South lSea Islanders which has been carieqdion for:some months'past is un mistakeably a slave, trade:: i There was at first:soniething plausible in' the' Lrginments tila wereiput foiward' iiin its defence. ' Cre duiles persons mightlhavo `"fi believed that the vessels engaged in this profitable trade-were doing:a legitimate business ; that the islanders were treated as immigrants, and not as slaves; and that the Polynesian Labourers Act which was passed in Queens. land afforded ample protection to the men who were employed on the plantations of that colony. Now, however, there can be no mistake about the matter. The facTh which have been elicited in Melbourne and in Sydney show that wholesale kidnapping has taken place in the islands of the Pacific, and that when anything in the shape of re sistance has been offered by the unfortunate men who have been deprived of their liberty, tragedies of the most shocking description have been enacted. The startling statement made some time ago by a seaman of one of these vessels was regarded as an exagger ation by many persons and by others as absolute fiction, but the particulars which were elicited at the courts here and in the neighbouring colony are of a more revolting character than anything described in that man's declaration.- All the horrors of Afri can slavery are revived. Vessels are fitted out in -Australia for the express purpose of capturing the islanders, and are manned by men who seem to be possessed of the spirit of demons. Human blood has been reek lessly spilt, and human lives have been taken without more consideration than the des truction of wild beasts would occasion. Well-armed seamen have been. landed upon some-of the islands and where they have been unable to capture the defenceless and unsuspecting natives, they have shot them down like dogs. Women and children have been fired upon and massacred with a cold blooded inhumanity which must rouse the indignation of every brave man, and produce in him a desire for vengeance on the cowardly perpetrators of these outrages. And the vessels Nehiclr have effected all this misery are owned by British merchants, have been fitted out in British ports, and manned by British seamen. Of all men on the face of the earth Englishmen are the last who would be suspected of such conduct. Great Britain made such great sacrifices to free her Vest Indian colonies from the curd 1 of slavery, has spent so much money in en deavouring to suppress the slave trade, and, moreover, the popular feeling is so strong against is that until recently we never thought of the possibility of this, the freest of all the British possessions, establishing ai system which should meet with the reproba- I tion of all the civilised world. The dangers to be dreaded from recent legislation in Queensland have already been partially ex plained in some of the English newspapers, but owing probably to the disinclination of the Imperial government to interfere with the colonists until there was a real necessity for so doing, no action was taken. It is probable, however, that when the revela tions of the.last few months reach England there will be such an agitation as will not be altogether ineffective. A short time ago the supercargo of a Melbourne schooner called the Young Australian was brought before the police court on tie charge of mur dering three Polynesian islanders, and after a preliminary investigation he was committed t to take his trial. Even-supposing this man I escapes punishmentf, which is extremely doubtful, we have the statement of several witnesses that three men were seized by a boat':: crew 'of this schooner, were carried on board and there brutally murdered and their bodies thrown into the sea. ' There was not t in this case the slightest attempt at conceal ment, for all the villany was- openly perpe trated in the presence of the whole ship's company. We see that the captain of the vessel was on Wednesday convicted of mur der by a Sydney jury, and we do sincerely hope that in his case no false feeling of pity will prevent the extreme penalty of the law from being enforced. Immediately preceding this news arrives the intelligence that H.M.S. t Rosario had captured a Melbourne schooner the Daphne, with 100 Polynesian islanders t confined in her hold. A crew from the man of-war was put on board of her and she was v sent on to Sydney to be adjudicated on. It is 3 to be hoped that the people of these colonies t will rise as one man to prevent the continu- t ance of the barbarous traffic which has lately existed. b CONTEMIPLATED REMOVAL OF THE POST' OFFICE.-In accordance with a resolution of the Williamstown Borough Council, a depu tation from that body waited upon the Post master-General a few days ago, to point out the great loss and inconvenience that would attend the removal of the post-office to the telegraph station at Gillibrand's Point. Un fortunately Mr Smith was not at the general post-office when the deputation arrived; but it appears that a conumunicetion has reached him, suggesting the removal of the telegraph to the post-office, and showing how the railway telegrams might be transmitted to Melbourne without difficulty. The result is that the Go vernment have not yet accepted any tender for the additional post-ottice and telegraph buildings proposed to be erected at Williams town, and it is hoped that the post-office will be permitted to renmain where it is. As we pointed out some time ago, it would be a gross injustice to compel the inhabitants to walk to the extreme end of the town every time they required to transact business with the postmaster; but, on the other hand, it would be a convenience to all parties if the telegraph-office occupied a more central posi tion, such as that where the post-office now stands. Main. Moxaaf's CtHARGES AGAINST Mr. PowER -At the close of the Council meeting on Saturday afternoon, the Mayor of Wil liamstown stated that information had reached him of Mr Moxham's having nominated Mr Louis La Roche to the commuittee appointed to investigate the charges made agianst him (Mr Power) for evading the tolls at the Junction, and that he objected to Mr La Roche being on the committee. It is stated that Mr Moxham denies the right of Mr Power to object to any one he might think fit to appoint, and be is determined that Mr La Roche shall be on the commnittee, notwith standing the Mayor's pro:est. It would cer tainly be more desirable, and much more sa tisfactory, if all the members had the confi dence of both parties; but it is not absolutely necessary that such should be the case, to enable the committee to decide whether or not Tir Mfoxham had prvced his statement. Under the circumstances, we think it would be well for Mr Power to withdraw his oh jection. CoNCERT.-We have been requested to call attention to a concert of sacred and se cular music, to be held in the Williamstown Mechanics' Institute, next Thursday even ing, in aid of the building fund of the Pres byterian Church. The entertainment will be under the direction of MI. Julius Herz. A programme of the concert appllears in ano ther column. CnRICKT IMATCll.-This afternoon a cricket match to close the present scason will be played at South Williamstown, weather per mitting, between the old cricketers and the present club. As the "old buffers" have been practising for some time past, it is ex pected they will exert themselves to-day, and that there will be a sharp contest. In the evening the competitors and their friends will dine together at the Steampacket hotel. EvAuIxo TsHE TOLL.-The Williamstown Borough Council held a special meeting last Saturday afternoon, called for the purpose of considering the conduct of several persons charged with carting stone from the Ann street pier across the swamp at the rear of the gas works to the graving dock, thereby evading the toll in Nelson-place. After a short discussion a resolution was carried by seven votes against two that the Council's solicitor be instructed to take legal proceed ings'against the offenders. We believe that a summons has been obtained at the local Police Court against one of the men, and that the case will be heard next week-pro bably on Tuesday. If the Council are suc cessful in this case, they will proceed with the others in detail. VOIGTLASDER'S PLANOPTICc.L.--This enter tainment was exhibited at the Williams town Mechanics' Institute on Monday and Tuesday evenings. On the first evening there was a large at:endance, but in conse quence of the bad state of the weather on Tuesday night the audience was limited. On both occasions, hovever, the perfor mances were excellent. The Panoptican consists of scenes of events recorded in Sacred History, such as the Garden of Eden, Adam and Eve in Paradise, the Death of Abel, Abraham's Sacrifice, and Noah's Offering, withl representations of autcdiluvian ani mals, and views of a miscellaneous charac ter, brilliantly illuminated by the lime light. At the conclusion of each entertainment there was a free distribution of prizes among the audience. HeR 3MaJESTv's BIRTanD '. -Last Monday was the auniversary of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria's birthlday. The troops were reviewed in St. Kilda park int the forenoon, after which the Governor held I a levae in the Exhibition Building, which was largely attended. The fillowinggeneral order has been issued from the head- quarters of the I local force :-" On the occasion of the parade of the 2-14th Regiment and local forces in honour of Hler 31Mjesty's birthday, in St. Kilda park, on the 24th inst., the major general commanding was much pleased with the creditable and soldierlike manner in which the several corps turned out. It having been frequently his duty to report.most favourably on the efficiency of she 2-14th Regiment, it is unnecessary in this instance to comment thereon. Great credit is doe to the esprit de corpe evinced on the part of the volunteers, many of the corps having come that morning from a considerable distance. The firing in the fete de joie was excellent, and the parade went off very satisfactorily. His Excellency the Governor was pleased to express his ap probation thereof." FORGERY.-A conveyancing clerk in the employ of Mr Pavey. solicitor, named W. P. Waterfield, was on Thursday accused at the County Court, Melbourne, of having forged a cheque for £60 on the Commercial Bank and thereby defrauding the bank to that amount. It will be remembered that a ledger-keeper at the Commercial Bank named Burns absconded to Sydney a short time ago with moneys be longing to the bank, and that the fraud was said to have been commnitted by Burns, as ledger-keeper, initialling as correct a cheque (which was accordingly cashed by the teller), though Burns knew when he initialled it that the document was a forgery. It is now sup posed that Waterfield was the confederate, but as yet no evidence has been produced against hin. The cheque purported to be signed by Solomon Peardon, of Flemington, and was presented on or about the 3rd inst.; but Mr Peardon stated that the signature was not his, and that he had not authorised any one to sign cheques for him, but he could not say whether the siginature was in the hand writing of the prisoner. The detectives had arrested the prisoner on an information sworn by Mr Draper, bank accountant, based on a telegram received from the Sydney detectives, stating that the forgery had been committed by Waterfield. Burns is in custody at Syd ney, so it would appear that he has made some statement which has led to the present state of affairs. Waterfield was defended by his employer, Mr Pavey, who urged that noth ing having been proved against his client, he ought to be discharged. On the application of superintendent Ryall, however, a remand for a week was granted, in order to give time for the arrival of witnesses, including Burns from Sydney. AN INSTRUMENTAL AND VOCAL ENTER. TAINaIEST was given on Wednesday last, at the Borough Cthlambers, Footscray, in aid of the brass band lately inaugurated. The at tendance was good, and the programme well got up. Miss Clara Browing sang several songs very sweetly. The Christys were far superior to ordinary amateurs and were well received. Mr G. Hamilton exhibited some talent on the c trnet, and air Cushworth would have done better had he piossessed a little more confidence. Lack of self- possession is not too conmon a failing of amateurs. PENMANSHIP.-- We notice that 1Mr. J. R. Needham, writing master, is about to open a class in Williamstown. for instruction in pen manship. The great success which has at tended his efforts for the last twelve years is seen by the testimonials he has receiled from the masters of the various colleges and schools in and around Melbourne. Those who are desirous of improving their writing, should embrace this opportunity of joining hlr Need hanm's class. SeOCKtxG ACCtDENT.-One of those fright fully sudden accidents to which all are liable when working with the assistan:e of powerful machinery, occurred at Costia's Saw-mills, Egerton, on Tuesday afternoonu, about five .o'clock. A Danish "carryer," about thirty eight years of age, named Henry Von Real, was occupied as usual in assisting the con. tractors, when his mate (working about five feet off) was horrified at seeing him disappear through a comparatively small aperture in the casing of the driving-wheel of the circular bench saw. As soon as possible the engine was stopped, not however before the wheel had performed about three revolutions, and por tions of the unfiortunate mais were completely suimshied, particularly the head, which so int peded the usual course of the wheel as to quite convulse the whole arrangements for the time. ]Round about were strewn the blood and brains. "All the larger portions of the body were carefully collected and laid out on a shutter, under lock and key, to await the coroner's inquest.-Ballarat Star. Bust.RANGING.-A telegram from Yass states that two bushrangers bailed up the mail coach on Wednesday night, and fired three shots, one of which wounded .\r Long field, a chemist. Trooper Chalker, who-was escorting the coach, immedia"tely returned the shots, and at the second discharge killed one of the btushranger's horses, and the rnf fiantus, finding such a stount resistance offered, immediately decamped without having suc ceeded in their object, - DEATII F:o.t ITT':'PER ?A' CE.-- A very sudden deali, the result of intelpeiraunce, occurred iat the Military Barracks n l Wid nesdliy delling. A lance corporal :miili 1\fartin Dixon was ftiuid lving on his bI.id, iat five p. n. in ?a state of iniseisiilh v by Sergeant Kennedy, who, thinking the man was dtriik, s.unt him to tlhi u:u'.-r. A?l lhe did not recover' consciousiess, the assis tant stlafl-snceon was 'sent fir, and alumlst ilumuediatilvy?fter his arrival the cmn:i died. The deceascd was a man of very intenmperate habits,'and had only that day returned to head-quaiitelt from 'Tourak, where le had bee?for a week. In accordance with the medical testimony, tlhe jury retrned a ver dict of death firol alcoholic poisoning. GOLD IN 'TAS.Lst.IA.-=The Launceston Times says :--We have heard but little for some time past from thei rich ariferous quartz lead discovered at Waterhouse oil the north-eist coast in Marcel last; but Mr. Williamcs having forwarded a large samnple of the tuartz to Melbourne for assay, we aire now in a position to aninounce, the result. The quaitityof quartt operated upon weighed 4501b., and this produced 14dwt. 2gr. of gold ; equal to 3oz. 2 tdwt. to the ton. The gold' is of the standard of eighteen carets, and is value for £3 2s. per ounce." It is stated by the Cornwall Chrodile that the prospectors have applied for a lease. TrE BACCilus MlARSII TAc.GEYn.-The in quiry into the death of the unfrtuinate wo inan, Mary Glashene, was concluded at B.wchas Marsh on Wednesday. The deceased was a quiet, industrious girl, a :;ervat in the family of a medical mjan resident in the townshli, and she died suddenly in great pain, and c:ii ,ulsed with spasmss. The evidence proved that the deceased was acquainted with a young man, and had appareinly become enceinte by him. The post-miortesm examina tion showed a female faetus in tlhe womb, but her condition had not come under the notice of her neighbours, though it was ia matter of conlment that she was courted by a yunn:g man in the township. On \edneoday the Government analysist stated that lhe had found a quarter of a grain If strychnine in the stomach of deceased. The Icman namlled J;imes Welsh, who had been referred to in the evidence of previous witnesses, voluntarily attended to make a statement. lie admitted his intimate connection with the unfortunate girl, and stated that he had twice offered hei marriage. It was arranged that tht ty were to be married 'about the heginning of June. He had not quarrel:ed With her, and knew of no reason for her committing suicide. The jury deliberated fti" a short time, and returned a verdict " That deceased, Mary Glashene, died from the effects of a: poisonous dose of strychnine, admlinistered by herself." 