.-?- ? —..£ uvr COLONIAL. ' ^::.'^.:,. „?... A.COTrospondent of an Auckland paper tells the following capital .story.' ' The, occurrence took I?ln%.'^tti'eJ;!|^;^ at Ohinomnrii.at thb;end'of|la8ty_mpnth, bold to discuBS the; qtfestibn. of opening' .'th'e tipper Thambs as a goldfield ': — 'I 'may' ?mention:!!, rather Curious ?circumstahce jihat happened oh Saturday afternoon., and jwhichilluBtfatos Very TH/^nltV 'f.lta lulnrtr*i nlin«in/ifai- . A *-i AnVAi'inni'niHM donler had sent up ft c'bnsiderablb qnantity of liquor, calculfttingiupon ft large consumption by ,'the orators and jistehors of the assembly. On the in vitotidn it is.' said bf a ppwofful and distinguished Hfturaki chief, the dealer set up at' Bpllaray's,;. 'Clpsb to whove 'the orators addressed tho people. The aforesaid distini ' guisued chief thought himsplf entitled 'to' levy a kind of black .Triail, and* wap ted five bcrttles of rum without ipaying any tli'ing for tho same. This the merchant demurred to, and the chief in a short time -afterwards returned with a native' : policeman, ? Captuj-ed : the . man and seized tlib Whole 'steck-in-trado' as being vended cbu'trary , to .? law. A Considerable quantity,-. of dBpiritstfWero' consumed; by the natives in the firs'fcj'^ush -.'6f,'thoir zeal 'to'^vin dicate.tB'o,law-r:thoy '..wanted and tbbk.pfty mont for ha-v'ing, so rigidly adhered to English law.. It was then proposed and carried that tho spirits should bb; sold by | aucbioi)-. The waipifa was bpttlbii ofF, nfld on'6 smart follow assumed the part of ' auctioneer. Bottles of rum were -started ftt Is.' and wont Up to 5s. or Cs. ; brandy, 7s. and 7s. '6d. Further discuir sion took plapp'as'Lowhat tlioy^shuulddo wjth . tho money produced by the sale. ;0ne-~in- votoratoly legnl-rninded man conlbnclod that it should bo handod ? ovbr to Mr. Mackay, as it wiis'tbp produce of Customs soizurc ; another man, who had a 'majority in his favour, pro posed 'that 'tobacco .''Bhpuld be bought with it; but I beliovb at last it was agreed that it should go to purchase shoo'p from Mr. Thorpo ' for the food of ihe party'. , But ?th^^nattor did not ond here, fbr.tho natives siiininoned the dealer, brought him bolbrb a native assbssorv who, after hearing -the 'evidence, found him guilty of selling spirits ill og- aliy^aticl sontouccd him topay a; fine ot'£3, or to bo imprisoned for three mbhtha. Court' 'expenses, issuo of ' summons, &c.;, came to IGs. Tho money was paid, so tho affair ended. Altogether it was a smart transaction— tho natives got-tho liquor lor nothing, levied tho fine,, and hayp supplied themselves' with food as woll,.and all in tho . name of the law.'.. , ? '' An Aucklandj'ournal informs us that a few days ago an accident bf a very serious naturo occurred oh the claim. ? known as Souter's or the Porsevoranco claim, on tho Waiotahi. It appears that ono of the miners, named Win. ? Brydon, was going down thb shaft by a row of steps,, when ho by some moans slipped, lost his' footing, and was .precipitated to. the bottom of the shaft. In the fall he sustained some Serious injuries to his arm, besidos which ' his. head was laid opon, one piecp of the skull, about l-g-. inches, was left absolutely hanging, thereby laying barb tho brain, a portion of which was scattered ovor his dress. , The unfortunate inan was at once.convbyod to tho hospital, and medical attendance procured, when tie head was bound up in the boat manner possible, although tho brain still cou tinries to oozo out with the flow, of blood-. The poor fellow, although porfoctly collected and sensible, now Hep at tho hospital in a very prccai'ious state— very little hope being enter tained of his recovery ; indeed, from the ?:- naturo of the injuries which-he has sustained, recovery seems almost impossible. Great praise is due to .Captain Sbuler for the prompt attention he paid to the poor sufferer. ? A sad accident occurred -at the bathing place at, 'Queenscliff. A man natij'ed- John Murphy (a native of Dublin), a waiter in Leihy's- Hotel, went down, to bathe, and in a few minutes Mr. A'Buckott and a friend, who were dressing heard screams, and looking out, they saw the man ?holding on to the chain strechpd across a very dangerous opening in the rocks. : A rope was thrown to th'e man, but he 'appeared so paralysed, with flight that he made no attempt to catch hold of it, and before any bneii could get to. him hp- Was carried away and drowned. The . .borough council aro greatly to blame for chobsing this site for bathing purposes. It was in the same place that Miss Jones was drowned some years ago, and mauy persons have narrowly escaped 'there since. '.'.'?'.'. ??? . ? John ityhn, ft young, Danish immigrant, has been sent tb the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, from, the City Court, haying de velopeda rather peculiar form of mania. It is only about seven months since he arrived in .the colony, and was fortunate enough to; meet with ftir. Thomas Asche, a merchant and Countryman of his own, who had sb'me know- ? ledge of hia family. Mi\ Asche interested himself for thb youth, and obtainpd him em ployment with Mr. i?razor, M.L.A., but in that service ho evinced a far groa'ter aptitude for reading, smoking, /arid ' reflection,' than for work. '.' I am gentleman's son' he would say, 'and don't like work — -I; like, 'to read and reflect.'* His omployor did not like it, how ever, and so ho lost his 'place.' Then Mr. Asche again supplied, his wants, and sent him up tho country to look for employment, with as little succesB os hofore. -Then his demands for money ? be'eamo frequent, until atla^t ho asked his benefactor for ' enough to buy a pistol to blow his --'(Mr. Asche,s) brniris out,'1 Upon this Mr. Asohe thought it desirable tb send him back to his oWn people, 'and offered to pay his passage, but Kyhn had got hold of another notion. Ho had 'come ont here to make a fortune rapidly, and go back again ; Mr. Ascho had encouraged, him, arid was therefor responsible for everything'; and as lie saw no immediate prospects of getting tho fortune 'for 'himself, it was only reaMriablp that Mr. Asche should ? supply i't. frull of ^ this determination he wrote tlAt gentleman a letter, demanding ' his fortune,' refusing to go liome without it, arid threatening all sortfl of murder and suddeii death if it was not at onco forthcoming. For this he wa's'gi've'ri. into custody, 'examined by Drs.. M'Croa and Sord, reported insane, and ^consigned to; thd asylum. '.'.....' . ,- '.-.:. ,'. Mr. Charles ipickons, in answer t6 ah ap= peal riiado by Mr. l?ope, cfbllectof of fund's for the Printer's AlmshbJscs, writes :— ' I bog to say I shall devote the gross amorint of my noxt reading in. London to the fund; What should I havo been without ;printors? I am grateful, and wish to show it. . The 'object! now sought is the oreotion of a riC\v wing t& the institution-. 