MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A TELEGRAM from Philadelphia on Nor. 2nd says :- The Indians attacked the Pacilic railway 0n Saturday, interrupted the traffic, and wrecked one train. One person was killed. United States troops are being sont for to protect the railway. The Mofussilite, says that accounts from Hissar, Sirsa, and Bickaneer were very distressing as regarded the effects of the famine. It was reported at the latter place that parents were selling their children to save both from starvation. THE council of state of the canton of Obwald (Switzerland), has published an edict forbidding any youth under eighteen years of age to smoke, under a severe penalty. A NEW AGITATION has sprung up in New York. A lecturer there is urging that minors shall have the right to vote when they reach the age of eighteen, instead of waiting until they are twenty-one. ACCORDING to the Novedades the authori- ties have seized four large boxes filled with gold, silver, and valuables, which have been taken from Aranjuez and were addressed to Sister Patrocinio. EDUCATION IN VICTORIA.—The report of the board of education for 1867-68 states that it has been intimated that 17.93 per cent., or one in 5.58 of the total population, and 61.32, or nearly two out of three children between five and fifteen years, of age, are attending schools with a degree of regularity which is not equalled either, in England or America. THIS NEW SUSPENSION BRIDGE at Niagara- falls, commenced over a year ago, was to be completed about the end of November. The bridge extends from appoint just below the American-falls to a point on the Canadian side just below the Clifton-house. The span is 1264 feet and 4 inches, and the two cables are 1900 feet long. In each cable there are seven wire ropes, each two and a-half inches in diameter. The span is said to be longer than that of any other suspension bridge in the world. A JERSEY vessel, named the Bonita, after leaving Jersey was caught in a gale about mid-channel. The crew consisted of two hands and Captain Davis. When about ten miles from Torbaya squall caught her, and Captain Davis, who was at the helm, was struck by a tremendous sea and dashed against the bulwarks. He became entangled in the rope, and was drowned on his own deck. The two men composing the crew were rescued by two-trawlers. THE ARCHBISHOP OF OMIUTZ having re- fused to deliver, to the civil authorities the registers of the ecclesiastical matrimonial tribunal, has been condemned to pay a fine of 10,000 florins (£1000), and threatened with a further fine of 20,000 florins if he does not comply. Tho same archbishop was previously fined 7000 florins. Although the ecclesiastical revenue of the see amounts to the large sum of 200,000 florins (or £20,000) it will hardly suffice to bear the burden of those progressive fines. , A STORY is going the rounds of gossip in Paris (says the Post) about a Russian, countess having received a magnificent bou- quet of violets, 0n which were ingeniously placed some small topazes to represent dew- drops. The lady naturally imbibed the sweet odours of the mysterious bouquet, and shortly after was taken ill, and seized with fever. The flowers were poisoned ! Here the story ends by declaring that the lady lives and is more beautiful than ovor, as her face now discovers an exquisite vein of melancholy. A SHOCKING " Coolie Tragedy " is reported from Hakodate. A vessel appeared at that port with forty-two Chinese coolies 0n board, and no European. Every, article of foreign, manufacture had been, where possible, re- moved. From internal evidence she appears to have been the Providonza, an Italian barque, consigned to the Portuguese consul at Hong- Kong, which left Macao with a ship- load of coolies last June. The captain and crew, (twenty-eight in number) and 340 coolies ? are missing. Bloodstains abound about the ship. THE latest despatches from Cuba represent that a formidable insurrection exists in the province of Yumas. The rebels are com- mitting depredations of a very serious nature, and are impressing into their service all able bodied men whom they encounter. The negroes of that section are very much alarmed and are fleeing in all directions. In the vicinity of La Vegita plantations have been destroyed, houses and mills burned, and the country left desolate. The insurrectionists have issued a proclamation, calling upon the negroes to rise and murder the whites. THE latest news from Japan gives some particulars of an insult offered to the Prussian chargé d'affaires, Von Brandt, who, when driving through the main street of the Jap- anese town with his betto or groom, a Japanese, behind him, was stopped by the retainers of Higashi Kuse Saki no Chiujo, an assistant secretary for foreign affairs, and his betto compelled to alight and prostrate himself in the dust before the feudal noble., Von Brandt was compelled to submit at the moment, although loudly protesting, and has since demanded and received from the Jap- anese minister an apology. THE Cronstadt journals mention an extra ordinary subsidence of the waters of the Baltic in that locality. It began in the even ing, the wind being S. W. and rather fresh. At ten at night the level of the sea was a foot lower than ordinary, and continued still to sink. The following morning at six it was two feet below its normal point the wind having veered round to the N.E. ; and at two in the afternoon the greatest depression was arrived at namely, three feet two inches. The water then began to mount rapidly, and during the night exceeded its ordinary level by a foot. Nearly all the steamers plying between Cronstadt and St. Petersburg were aground, a circumstance almost unprece- dented. As to the cause of this phenomenon nothing is known ; but the supposition is that a strong N.E. wind , drove the waters towards the Swedish, Danish, and Prussian coasts. We (New York Times), are informed that negotiations are being carried 0n with the American Atlantic Cable Telegraph company of this city, and some foreign capitalists, to join them in laying a cable direct to Belgium. It is said responsible parties have signified their readiness to enter into a contract to put down a cable for £500,000. The Toronto Globe of the 20th October, says that Lord Cecil has allied himself with the Plymouth Brethren," and is creating quite a furore at Ottawa, where he is preach- ing to crowded houses in the theatre. He is gaining converts from all classes. AN " IMMIGRATION CONVENTION," in- tended to unite in one body all the societies throughout America, formed for the en- couragement of immigration and the pro- tection of immigrants, has been hold at Balti- more. AT Newcastle, Delaware, on November 21, seven persons, convicted of various petty offences, were tied to posts in the gaol yard, and whipped. One was an old man; aged 70 years, who received twenty lashes on his back ; he cried bitterly during the ordeal. One man was placed in the pillory until totally helpless from cold, and then whipped with twenty lashes. MARSHAL MURRAY has informed the Government that the Cuban filibusters have extensive arrangements in New York, with ramifications in all the other large cities. He says there is danger of their getting away from New Orleans unless they are closely watched. They have plenty of money, and are purchasing arms and ammunition quite freely. Colonel Gibbons, an alleged leader of the Cuban filibustering expedition, is reported to have made a contract a few days since for over one million dollars worth of war materials with a firm in New York, but his sureties not being considered reliable, the operation fell through. 