SUMMARY FOR E UROP E. INTRODUCTION Tho Land .Bill, which for j the last three months has been occupying the attention of the Legislative Assembly, Las at length passed through commit- tee, and although it will ' be re com- mitted for some further amendment, no alteration of any material JJim-' portance will be effected, and the bill as it now stands is substantially the same as when first' introduced. In all probability, next week will witness its passage from the Assembly to the' Council, and in the lattor place it is likely to be agreed to with but little difficulty. The Legislative Council has always been considered the protectpr of the Squatting interest, and in this bill the pastoral tenants have got quite as good terms as they could possibly have hoped for. The measure vir- tually renews the, squatting leases for the next ten years, subject'to any portion of the runs being taken up by the free selectors. ,' In the settled districts, and those localities where the land is especially adapted for agricul- tural pursuits, this will, of course, very materially affect the operations ' of the squatters, but from these portions of the colony they have for some years past been' undergoing the pro* cess of being gradually blotted out, and in them squatting -will now soon become a thing of the past. This, however, has been,long foreseen; the alteration has been slowly progres- sive, and therefore has been compara- tively but little felt. Grazing must give way to agriculture or become combined with it, and the only object of wise legis- lation is to render the change as little prejudicial to existing interests as is possible. There are, however, vast tracts of the interior of the colony whore the soil is of an inferior character, and water far from plentiful, to which the agricultural settler will not penetrate for years to come, and here the pastoial tenants will reap the full advantage of the renewal of their leases. There is one provision of the Land Bill-which an attempt will yet be made to alter-which presses very hardly on farmers who already have formed their homesteads, and, indeed, upon all other classes who may wish to invest in two or three hundred . «rres « of laud lu order to add to what they already possess, or to provide a pleasant and profitable mode of investing their surplus cash. The provision to which we allude makes it necessary for a person to actually reside upon his selection for by far the greater portion of the first three years. This, of course, rendéis it impossible for traders, mer- chants, or, in fact, any who already have formed homes, or whose avocations neces- sitate their residing in towns, to take advantage of the act. The only means by which they can obtain land, or in- crease the holdings they already possess, is through the medium of the auction mart. Although this is felt to be a great hardship by a large number of old colonists, it will not much affect the number of immigrants whom we now invite to our shores. They will have no vested interests in the colony, and probably will not object to be per- mitted to select the most fertile and pleasant spots they can find, upon con- dition that they for a tune reside upon and cultivate them. In our last summary number we alluded to the fact that another Parlia- mentary scandal had arisen, certain members of Parliament having been accused of prostituting their influence and position for pecuniary considera- tions, in order to obtain valuable areas of land under certain conditions for peisons who were not legally entitled to them. The Legislative Assembly took up the matter very warmly, and although for a time the Government resisted, they were ultimately obliged to yield to the pressure brought against them, and grant a select committee of inquiry. This com- mittee has already held several sittings, and, to say the least, much of the cvi dence that has been taken presents o very ugly aspect. Perhaps ¡these things are almost inseparabld from a young democratic community, but with us there is this hopeful sign-that when anything of the sort becomes known, 01 there aro reasonable grounds for sus picion, a determined effort is made te ?wipe out the unclean thing. ' For some months past there have been two vacancies in the Cabinet those caused by the expulsion from th< House of Mr. Jones, the late Ministei of Railways, and by the retirement o: Mr. Vale, the late Commissioner o Customs, never having been fillec np. The conduct of the Governmen in not selecting two gentlemen ti take the places once occupied b; their former colleagues has been, 01 several occasions, the subject of animatot and acrimonious discussion in the Legis Jativo Assembly. The Ministry wen charged with attempting to swell thi »umber of their Mowers by tha feeling of gratitude which has beei described as a "lively ¿sense of is vQurs to came." To *this charg no satisfactory reply was made and it ia only an consequence of th ¡utterly disorganised condition of tin Opposition that tie Government wer able to proeeed witk any business wails such an unsatisfactory state of affair prevailed. During a portion of thi time -the Customs department'has beei virtually administered ' by a privat member-Mr. J. G. Francis, who wa formerly Commissioner of Customs; ant cn this becoming known, a motion for ! committee to inquire into such an un- constitutional proceeding was moved for . by Mr. Kerferd, 'but the motion wa3, subsequently;withdrawn' on Mn .Francis' promising to abstain from all further interference with > the ,department, and' the Chiof Secretary undertaking to fill up the yacancies1 as, soon as the Land Bill had passed. ' , , ! The great sensation1 for . the last few days has been the receipt of intelli- gence that a diamond weighing somei seven ounces-the largest, it is said, in the world-^has been discovered at'Armi- dale, New South Wales. There is no doubt but that, some stone, has' been found ; it has been brought to Sydney, and Í3 now lying in the mint at ¡that city, ¿l chum, of, an eighth per cent, is mado for freight by the A.S.N. Company, and in the meantime the Bank of New South Wales has ad- vanced a sum of ¿6700 upon it. It is to be examined by'the Rev. W. B. Clarke, the well-known geologist, and .his de-, cisión is anxiously looked for. By some it is feared that the stone will only prove a white, or rather colourless, rtopaz. >Shouldj it be a diamond, an enormous impetus will be giyen to the diamprid mining companies which have been already formed. \ , ' ' ' i. - » i i ' SOCIAL. The American^ ' war-steamer Kcarsago, which'arrived at Sydney on tho 12th'August from tho South Spas, brings intelligence of the departure of the Galatea from Tahiti on tlic 1st July for the Sandwich Islands. Daring his stay fat Tahiti" the Dake of Edinburgh gave a grand ball, and a /(le was given in his honour by Queon Pomare. The Koarsage will romain at Sydney for a fortnight for the purpose of taking in stores, after which she will visif New Zealand, and'thence proceed to Chili. t The motion placed on the notice-paper of the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Longmore, for a select committee to inquire into and re 'port on tho value of the 'presents and gra- tuities made by H.R.H. the Duke of Edin- burgh whilst in Victoiia, with the view of placing a sum of money on the Estimates to recoup'the'British Government so much of the,£3,G00 voted by tho Imperial Parliament as was expended by His Royal Highness in making presents in this colony was with- drawn the other night after a brief dis- cussion, the mover stating that his prin- cipal object in bringing the motion forward had been to ascertain from the Government what sums of money had been givon away by His Royal Highness in tho colony. The Chief Secretary, amidst considerable laughter, informed tho hon. member that he really did not know what monoy the Duke of Edinburgh had spent in the colony, but he imagined that of the £3,500 voted by the Imperial Parliament a very small portion was upended here. The Chiof Socretary added that it was, no doubt, deeply to be re- gretted that 'the British Parliament should have been asked to vote the £3,S00, but the rejection lested not upon this colony, but elsewhere, and the most dignified coursa to adopt would be to let tho matter pass without f urthor notice. It was elicited, in tho course 01 ino uisuuaaion, um u," _mnnnt nf ""mTX money spent in the colony in connexion wita the Duko of Edinburgh's reception and first visit was something like £10,000. After some brief remarks from a few other members, the matter vas allowed to drop. The report > of tho audit commissioners on the public accounts for the years 1807 and 1808 has boen presented to Parliament. Tho statement shows that the balance of the con- solidated revenue in Docomber 31,18GS, was £311,C0118s. 8d., and in addition to this there was to the credit of tho Government £341,038 13s. 3d. of trust funds. Against tho deben- tures alroady sold in London the Government had drawn up to the 21st May last, £354,885. Of the public works loan, in addition to the £300,000 which was raised here in December last, tho 'Government have disposed of a further portion 'by investing, under the au- thority of the Act No. 332, the sum of £129,139 13s. from the trust fund. The de- bentures representing this largo amount aro lodged in the Treasury. t During the month, exhibitions of fine arts have been opened at Ballarat and Sandhurst. That at 'Ballarat was opened on the 22nd inst., by His Excellency the Govornor, who was accompanied by Lady and Miss Manners Sutton. An excellent collection of pictuies was displayed, though many of them had already been shown at the Melbourne and Geelong Exhibitions. On the 30th, the Sand- hurst Exhibition, which was held in the local Mechanics' Institute, was opened by the lion, the Chief Secretary, His Excellency being unable to attend, A special train conveyed the Hon. Messrs. M'Culloch, Cosey, and Sul- livan, and a largo party of ladies and gentle- men, to Sandhurst, where they arrived at three pm., and half an hour after Mr. M'Culloch formally opened the exhibition, Which, though inferior to those of Melbourne and Ballarat, possesses many objects of in- terest. Tho jubilee proclaimed by Pius IX., in honour of the forthcoming general council at Home, has been celebrated by tho Roman Catholic body in various parts of the colony. ' Some unusually cold weather was ex- perienced here during the latter part of July. On the 21st, the temperature indicated by the thermometer at the Melbourne Observatoiy was the lowest yet recorded there, and in other poitions of the colony tho cold was still moro intense. On the night of tho 31st July, snow fell at Ballan to the depth of six inches, remaining on the ground foi several days afterwards. It is not often that Austra- lians have their recollections of winter in tho home country revived in this manner. The Old Golonists' Association continues to receivo numerous accessions to its ranks, and steps have already beon taken to carry out one of the principal objects foi which it was formed. The association having resolved that the erection of almshouses would prove the most desirable means of assisting necessitous old colonists, Mr. Coppin intimated that he would undertake the erection of the first almshouse in connexion with tho association, to bo called the V Founder's House ;" that he intended to give special entertainments to obtain the necessary funds ; and that in the c\c_t of any deficiency he would contribute the balance from his own puiso, picsuming the cost to be about £250. An entertain- ment subsequently given at the Theatto Royal in aid of the fund produced £110. The highly successful series of lectuic3 given on behalf of the .Early Closing Asso- ciation of Melbourne has ,been brought to a close. The soyonth lecture was delivered pn tho 20th July by Mr, Jos. Smith, who chose for his text La Fontaine's fable of the "Frog and thp Ox." The lecturer took the oppor- tunity of ridiculing the spirit of boastfulness which characterises somo colonial writers and speakers, and showed how completely the present prosperity of the colony is duo to its origin from the mother country. The closing lecture of the series was given on the 9th August by the Rev. Dr. Bromby, who chose the subject of " Pro-historic Man," which ho treated in an exceedingly able manner. Tho Right Rev. tho Bishop of Melbourne pre- sided. Both lectures were numerously at- tended. ' A partial-eclipse of the moon took place on the 20th July. It was visible over almost the Í wholo of the southern hemkphcre, and was .obsencd in Melbourne under very favour Able circumstances. The first contact with the penumbra look place at 9k. Omin. 2jec. p.Bi., the first contact with tho1 shadow at lOh. 19min. Suee, and the middle of tho eclipse was attained at Hu. 42rain. 4scc, The last contact with the shadow took place at lh. Boran. 3sec. a.m., and the loot contact with the penumbra at 2b. 24min. 6sec. The magnitude of the eclipso wa« 0-599, the moon's diameter being equal to J. Rather more than one-half of the planet's diameter was therefore over- shadowed. . The eighth annual exhibition of ino Vic- > torian Poultry Society was held, on the fith, Oth. and 7th" inst ,1 at tho Polytechnic-hall, Melbourne. The exhibits weie equal, both in numbor and quality,! to those of former years, and, the show altogether .was a. success. The prizes' distributed amounted in value to about £10Q. .,l , By the last niai!, a communication was Received by the Government from Mr. C. W. Ligar, the surveyor-general, asking that ho might be allowed to retire on his superannua-, tion allowance, as, ho is over sixty yean of ago. The Government have agreed to the, request. Mr. Ligar's successor will, in all 'probability, be either Mr. Skene, the acting suTveyor-general, or Mr. Hodgkmson, the as- sistant commissioner of Crown lands, ,,, > A new institution for thctreatment oft dis- eases of the eye and ear, with which is com- bined a department foridiscascs and deformi ties of the foot, has just boen opened in Melbourne in the , premises formerly oc- cupied, by Dr. Turnbull,; near the Princess's Theatre, i in Spring-street. The establish- ment is called tho "Ophthalmic and Or- thopedic Institution," the eye and ear department being under the superintendence of Dr. Aubrey Bowon, oculist, of Collins street, and the orthopedic department undor that of Mr. James, surgeon, also of Collinsr street. The scab question is continually cropping up1, and tho Government experience consi- derable difficulty in dealing iwith travelling flockst infected with this disease. In Fob ruary last a flock of nearly 7,000 scabby sheep were destroyed near the» Rifle Downs run by direction of the chief inspector, who was acting under instructions from the At- torney-General. The original order for their destruction was countermanded, bat the con- tractor for the job, being desirous of earning his money, carried out his first instructions, and the sheep were .killed and burnt.' The owner of the sheep thereupon brought, an action against the Government, and has re- covered tho sum of £1,277 8s., or 4s. a head for thoi sheep destroyed. Anothei flock of C.100 scabby sheep was discovered by the in- spector the other day travolling through Digby to Geelong. The person in charge of the sheep having boon informed that he would bo prosecuted if the sheep wero allowed to travel, ho stopped the flock at Digby, and the Government have been asked if they will talco measures for the destruction of the diseased ' animals, The , Attorney-General was questioned on the subject in the\Leg¡B lative Assembly by Mr. MacBain, but he (intimated that, after the result of the provious case, the Government would not take any responsibility. Ile stated, however, that if tho ilockowncrs, in the district , would in- demnify tho Government, by depositing tho valuo of the sheep, he would provide tho means for the destruction of the scabby flock.' j, , The Melbourne Omnibus Company havo had ten new omnibuses manufactured for them in Melbourne by Mr. M'Gregor, of Swanston-stieet. For strength and dura- bility and elegance these omnibuses comparo favomably with those constructed in America. They are intended for use on the line between Melbourne and Carlton, which will be opened next week. Ten more vehicles of the samo description are in course of construction. The pawnbrokers of Melbourne have be come converts to tho early-closing principle A numerously-attended meeting was recently held, at which it was resolved to join tho association which has for some time existed in connexion with the other trades;»and a largo number of pawnbrokers havo pledged ' themselves to close their establishments in future at eight o'clock. The Douglas, which sailed from Melbourne on the 9th inst. for Bombay, took 170 horses, the largest cargo which ever left this port for Indio. They were shipped by Mr. ¡Wm. Lear- month, who has sent altogether, in this and so\en previous shipments, over 800/head of stock. A large firo occurred at Carlton at about ¡ÄipJi'Ä..P,k.ÖAaJiU in8t".-whicb-- tLa very, of Messrs. Tronson and Hill, 35 Lygon-street, together with nearly a doKen of the adjoin- ing houses, which consisted of small wooden tenements, occupied chiefly by workmen and their families. So rapid was the progress of the flames, that the occupants of the houses, most of whom had gone to bed, had barely time to escape. Few of thom wore able to save any of their property, but, providentially all managed to escape without injury. A public subscription was set on foot at Carlton for the relief of tho sufferers, and in a few days the sum of £134 was collected. The firo is supposed to have originated from spon- taneous combustion. Tho intelligence of the death of Captain Charles StuTt, tho explorer, which occurred at Cheltenham on the loth June, has been received here with considerable regret. Cap- tain Sturt, though unfortunate in the ma- jority of his expeditions, was one of the most distinguished of Australian explorers, and his fame as an early discoverer of the Aus- tralian continent will long be preserved. Ilia most successful expodition was that which he conducted in 1820 and 1830, tinder the direction of the New South Wales Government, which lesulted in the discovery of the Murray, the largest of the Australian rivers. Ina subsequent expedi- tion Captain Sturt's party penetrated as far a3 lat. 24°, or within 150 miles of tho centre of tho continent. The gallant explorer's health suf ercd greatly in consequence of the privations he underwent during this expedition, aud ho was for a timo totally deprived of his sight by ophthalmia, a malady which he contracted while shut up for 100 days in the deserts of the interior. Captain Sturt arrived in South Australia about the year 1825, as a captain in H.BI. 30th Foot, and afterwards filled the ofhees of Burveyoi-general and Colonial Secio tory of South Australia. Sir Kichard Dry, the Premier of Tas- mania, died at Hobart Town on the 2nd August, from diseaso of the heart and congestion of the lungs, in tho fifty- fourth year of his age. Ile was the son of tho late Mr. William Dry. of Quamby, near Launceston, and was the first native-born colonist who attained a position of political eminence. Sir Bichard Dry was the roost popular man, both publicly and privately, in Tasmania, and his loss is greatly lamented throughout that colony. The velocipede movement has not mado such progress in Melbourne as it bid fair to do at first, though the appearance of a bicycle in the streets is no longer regarded as an un- usual sight. The Polytechnic-hall has been opened as a place of practice for velocípedo riding : but tho proprietor of tho establish- ment has not, up to the presont time, re- ceived much encouragement. Tho policemen are rejoicing because tho prohibition as to the wearing of beards and moustaches has been removed. The chiof commission« of police having stated that if a majoiity of the policemen wero in favour of bf ing permitted to wear their boards_ tho con- cession would bo granted, a petition in favour of the movement was got up and signed by nearly every man in the force. Shortly after- wards an announcement appeared in tho Police Gazette intimating that in future beards might be worn by tho members of the force. .The journeyman bakers of Melbourne are setting on foot an agitation with the object of obtaining a reduction of their hours of labour, which aro now excessive and out of all reason. Ata meeting held at the Trades hall, at which the Chief Secretary presided, it was stated that the journeyman bakers have to work at presont from twelve to fifteen, and even eighteen, hours a day, besides several hours on Sunday, and it was proposed that tho number of hours should be reduced to ton, The master bakers having, with a few excep- tions, shown no disposition to assist in the movement, it was resolved that the journey- men should fix a day on and after which they would not work more than ten hours a day. The propagation of the salmon and the salmon trout is progressing with a good deal of rapidity in Tasmania. At a recent meet- ing of the council of the Victorian Acclima- tisation Society, a letter was road from Su llobcrt Officer, of Hobart Town, in which he says :-" Your council will bo pleased to learn that the few pairs of salmon trout which we detained in a separate pond, when tho great body of them wore set at large nearly tvvc years ago, havo spawned this season, and fur nislied us with a considerable number of ova, from which, I trust, an almost equal numbei of young fish will soon be forthcoming. Wo consider this a great, if not a unique achievement in the history of pisciculture, for the salmo trutta, is as much a migratoij fish as the salmon solar, and their habits arc in all respects similar. Both invariably fre quent the saltwater when left to the guidance of their own instincts : but wo have shown that the sea trout will thrive and breed in ti «mall freshwater pond, oxoludcd ¿rom all access to the sea. This fino üsb. is nearly as valuable as the true salmon, and it is satisfac- tory to know that we havo now the means of greatly assisting its increase in our, own .waters, ¡aya of0providing supplies for, other localities at no distant date.i tP March .and April last, the salmon wero seen in tho'most satisfactory manner by moro than a sooro of persons-all intelligent observers-and my-, sejf; so that the former evidence ¡of .their, nrpsence in tho river, itself amply sufficient, li as, th us been fully confirmed." , ,',. , Acaso arising out of the peculiarities of the new tariff has been decided, against'the Custom-houso authorities. The plaintiffsi ,,wère (Messrs. M'Arthur, Sherrard, and ,CopB-.. land, and the defendant,, was tho, col- lector of Customs., It was an action brought in order to tost the question whether goods, imported as "blanketings'1 w,ero subject to' duty as "blankets," or were free goods as " woollens in the piece." ,Tho,plainti(Ts, who arp softgoods men, had imported a quantity, of woollen material from which blankets are usually m ado. In the invoices the stuff was described as " blanketings." Each shipment was in one long piece, varying, from fifty (¡o sixty yards in longth. The stuff,was entorod as woollen goods in tho piece; ,bufc the Customs officer observing thom described in the invoices as " blanketings," refused to de- liver them, and on the matter being reforred to tho Commissioner, that gentleman decided that they were blankets,""and subject to an ad valorem duty of 10 per confer The jury, who at first did not seem inclined to give any oninion on the subject, ultimately decided.in favour of the plaintiffs by declaring that the stuff was "woollen goods in the piece," but was " fit for blankets only." ,, , An application was mado on tho 20th July to Mr. Justice Williams by Mr. Gprnor. Crown solicitor, for a commission to examine wit- nesses in Sydney in the caso of Lockerstem v. Guthrie, an action which was brought, some time ago, to recover the value of goods seized by the Customs authorities for an alleged fraudulent valuation of goods subject to an ad i-alorcm duty. Mr. M'Kean, for the plain- tiff, opposed the application, alleging that Hie plaintiff had already boon put to great expense and delay_ in the matter, and further delay would be ruinous to bim. His Honour said that ho would grant the application, but would require the defendant to pay the £700 into court, to abide the result. On a, subse- quent day, the Attorney- General applied to have the order varied, pointing out that the Crown was really the defendant in the action, and that it was most unusual former Majesty .to be directed to pay money into court. Thore was, in fact, no constitutional method of doing it. Mr. M'Kean, for the plaintiff, ob- jected to the order already made being varied, and eventually the application was postponed for a fortnight. ,The importation to this colony of draught stock of a very high order still continues. Mr. D. Nisbet, who is considered one of the best judges of draught stock in Victoria, has imported by the Lanarkshire two two-year olds, named Duncan Gray and Young Lord Clyde; one three-year-old, the Marquis of Ailsa ; and one four-year-old, Young Sir Walter Scott. The progéniture "of each is unexceptionable, and the animals, judging from their condition and symmetry, are cer- tainly a credit to their ancestry. A new Temperance-hall is to be erected in Melbourne, at a cost of £4,000. ¡The foundation-stone has been laid of a new Wesleyan Church at Carlton. The church when completed will bo 100ft. long by 50ft. wide, and will seat 1,200 persons. The total cost will be about £3.500. The material used in the building is bluestone, relieved with stucco work. The present contract is for eighty feet of the main building, at a cost of £2,600, and is expected to seat 700 persons. A new woollen manufactory-that of the Albion Woollen Company-will shortly be opened at Geelong., The machinery has just arrived from England, and will be placed in position without delay. The building in which it is to be is woöllen and Cloth Company of the two storeys in height, eighty-five feet long and seventy feet broad. It is intended to start with sixteen looms, which will be increased from time to time as the necessity arises. ¡The clipper ship Clanranald has brought out amongst her deadweight cargo a largo quantity of iron work, intended for a new gasometer now being erected hy the Colling- wood and Fitzroy Gas Company. The gaso- meter, when finished, will be the largest out of England. The weight of the iron work, together with a number of iron pipes for the same company, is some 380 tons. At a îecont kangaroo hunt at Mr. Whito hcad's estate, Goodwood, upwards of 000 of these animals were killed. I Several old colonists have lately passed from amongst us. Captain John Harrison, one of the early settlers, died at Wil- liamstown, on the 21st July. _ of acute bronchitis, at the advanced at?e of sixty-seven years. Captain Harrison was a native of Cumberland, England, and entered theBntish navy early in life as an officer on board H. M.S. Ganges. He retired from tho navy after a few years of service, and in 1833 settled in New South Wales. In 1838 he passed over- land from Sydney to Port Phillip, where he settled as a squatter on the River Plenty. For several yeais Captain Harrison took an active paTt in the political and social ovonts connected with this colony, but latterly he lived in retiiement at Williamstown. Tho de- ceased gentleman lea ves a widow and numerous relatives, some of whom occupy important po- sitions in this and the neighbouring colonies. Another old colonist, Mr. Hugh Murray, who came to "Victoria in 1830, died lately at Colac, where ho had resided for many years. On the 24th July, Mr. Philip Johnson, a citizen of many years' standing, died very suddenly at Richmond. Mr. Johnson was the first mayor of Richmond, and the liist chairman of tho Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company. He possessed a kind and genial disposition, and was much respected by all who know him. The Ooens and Murray Advertiser records the decease of Mr. R. D. Thompson, solicitor, at the early age of foi ty, aftei a twenty years' residence in Vic- toria ; also that of Mr. Jacob Vincent, ono of the pioneers of the Ovens gold- field, who had been thirty yeal s in Victoria. A singular case ot fraud is under investiga- tion by tho magistrates at the Melbourne Police Court. A week or two ago Messrs. M'Kinlay Brothers, wholesale grocers _ at Sydney, stopped payment, with liabilities to tho amount of £33,000. Tho principal partner who has since become insane, was arrested on a ohaigo of fraud, it being alleged amongst other things that shipments of goods cleared for Carpentaria had been fraudulentlysoldinMelbournc M'Kinlay'sox planntion to his creditors was that the good?, which were supposed to havo been shipped in a vessel called the Snowbiid, had been stolon, and two men, named JamesRogersandGeorge O'Brien, have been arrested in Melbourne and charged with being concomed in the robbery. The Snowbird, which was fully insured, was burned nt an early stage of the voyago, and shortly after tho catastrophe a large quantity of the goods sold to M'Kinlay for shipment by this vessel wero shipped to Melbourne by Rogers and O'Brion, who, the Sydney cre- ditors suppose, wero acting in concert with tho msotvents. The goods were'sold'by auc- tion in Melbourne, hy Mr. Isaac Lyons, on the prisoners' account, and realised nearly £2,000. The men, who stated that they were acting as agents for M'Kinlay, havo been re- manded, in order that further ovidonco may be obtained from Sydney. ' The master of the barque Valkyrior was fined £10 at the Sandridge police court a day or two ago for negligence in conveying mails from Mauritius to this colony. The negligence for which the penalty was exacted consisted in placing the mails in an insecure place, tho result in this particular instance being that two of the packages t\ ont astray, and were not forwarded for some hours aftei the proper time. Tho post office authorities at Mauritius, it transpired, have also beer guilty of a sorious irregularity in neglecting to forward a way-bill or schedule of tht mails on this as on former occasions. There is a probability of another All England Eleven visiting this colony duri ni the next season. A small proprietary ha1 been formed to carry out tho schomo, ant £1,000 was despatched to England by th< June mail, as a guarantee of tho bona fide. of the projectors hero. The negotiation ii in the hands of Mr. J. G. Shoosmitb, who i well known in Melbourne cricketing circles It is also proposed to engage some Britisl pedestrians. The board appointed to inquire into somi serious charges preferred against Dr. Goldie the resident medical officer of tho Sunbury Industrial Schools, have reported tim although the graver charges against Dr Goldie wero not provod by tho evidence yet, that sufficient was disclosed to show that his conduct was of a character likely to be injurious to the institution, and was not such as should havo charqcter isdd a person in his position., The superin; tendent of the qchools, 'Mr. M'Farlane,'risJ , also severely censurod for great remissness of conduct. ' i , , Diphtheria has been very prevalent at Geelong. Mr. D. Bunce, curator of the Botanic-gardens, lost four children last week from this disease. A member of tho Inglewood Borough Ccjuncil, Mr. Claik, met his deathftho other, day by falling off the mail coach. , Dr., Carl Matt, ,of, Melbourne, has.bcea conimitted for trial on ,the verdict'of a coroner's jury, for tho manslaughter of Eliza Ktyxu, the wife of a labourer residing al Sandridge. , Dr. Matt was, 'called iii to attend tho deceased during her confinement, and she died under his hands, having been in a çlangerous state from tho first. It ia alleged, however, that Dr. Matt did not take proper measures to saye the, woman's life. Some of Dr. Matt'SjGorman countrymen have initiated a fundito assist bim in his defence. A man at Whroo, named George Williams, has committed suicide by hauging,himself to the ridgepole of his hut with a small piece of ' clothes line. It appears that ho had periodi- cal ^ fits of, mental derangement, besides which there is no other cause assigned for the perpetration of such, a rash act. The local journal in relating the occurrence remarked very naively that,"as a proof that the deceased 'committed suicide whilst in a state of i temporary insanity, he paid his . rates to the shire,council on the clay prior to'his death. ' ' ' Numerous accidents of a fatal character have occurred during tho month. Ono»' which resulted in the death of Mr. Samuel Moore, a fruiterer in Collins- street, and the serious injury,of a cabman named Gibbs, took place on the evening of the 8th inst. on the road to Eracrald-bill. A cab carrying several passen- gers carno into coDision with the first of three sand-carts, which wore coming in'an opposite direction, the shock throwing out the driver arid Mr. Moore, who received an'injury to the brain from which he died tho next morn- ing. The accident occurred, it is said, from the foot that the sand- carts were not provided wjth lights. A vory distressing accident oc- curred a week or two ago at the pipo manu- factory of Mr. Thomas Kelly of Brunswick. One of Mr. Kelly's sons, about nino years of ago, wbilo standing too' near the powerful machinery, allowed some part of his clothing to como into contact with the cog-wheel, which slowlv but surely dragged him to de- struction. The engine was stopped as soon as possible, but too late to save tho poor boy, who was almost torn to pieces. At the Nine- > mile rush a miner, while in a state of intoxi- cation, lay down at the foot of a burning tree. Shortly afterwards tho tree fell, and his head was shattered-to pieces beneath the trunk. At Ballarat, not more than a week ago, 'two minors, while working in a drive in the claim of the Park Gold-mining Company, were crushed to death by a fall of earth. They went down on the four o'clock shift ono after- noon to work hy thomselves, and were heard no more of until tho men on'the twelve o'clock shift went bolow, who found that several sets of timber in the drive had given way, allowing a lorge quantity of earth to fall upon the unfortunate men. The mining manager immediately sot a party of men to work, and early next morning the bodies of the two unfortunate men,' both dead, were extricated. The convict James Ritson, sentenced to death for having in May last, while a pri- soner for life at Pentridge, murdered the Rev. W. Hill, the Wesleyan clergyman who came to him to administer religious consola- tion, was executed on the 3rd August. Efforts were made to obtain a commutation of his sentence on the ground of insanity, but this theory was not supported by any facts. The unanimous report of all who came in contact with him was that since his sentence, at or, .ü. J-..J-."-i-M-ii-j -.sî~" -t «"-"-y.-, j . sidered insane. He manifested contrition and resignation, attending closely to his spiritual advisers, and professing to have made his peace with God. He freely con- fessed his crime, which he said he had been led to commit from a feeling of vindictive- ness, which had been aroused by a reference on the part of his unfortunate victim to the offence for which he was at the time suffering imprisonment, The execution was very quietly conducted, and death took place in- stantaneously. A ruffian named George Osborne has been sentenced at Melbourne to six months' impri- sonment for violently assaulting two infants, one a boy five months old, the other his own daughter, only three months old. The pri- soner was a plumber, residing in a right-of way off Lonsdale-street, and his wife had taken the little boy in to nurse with her own infant. One day she left the boy in a cradle, and the girl in bed, while she went outside for a few minutes to get some clothes off a line. When she returned she saw the boy lying in the cradle with his face beaten into a shape- less mass, and her husband standing over his own child striking it in the face. 'An affair which has caused much local ex- citement has occurred at Rockhampton, Queensland. The other day, in broad day- light, and in the heart of the town. Mr. Rankin, Commissioner of Crown Lands at Rockhampton, dischaiged three barrels of his revolver, two of them taking effect, at Mi. William Rae. The motive assigned for such a deliberate attempt ,at assassination is jealousy. Later intelligence states that Mr. Rae is recovering. Bathurst has been tho scene of a tragedy, in which an attempt to murder was followed hy the commission of suicide. One Carlo Galbiati. an Italian, had been cohabiting with a girl named Julia Cunningham, at the Corgo digging^, and the latter had left there to come to Bathurst. She was followed by Galbiati. He proceeded to the girl's residonce, upbraided her, and finally attempted to blow her brains out, but did not succeed, as the girl put up her hand to her head, arid received tho charge in her arm. Sho rushed from the room,'and Galbiati putting the pistol to his mouth fired, and immediately expired. A prisoner named Thomas Robinson, who was undergoing punishment in tho Melbourne Gaol for military offences, recently escaped from confinement, through the connivance, it is supposed, of two of tho sentries, who have been placed under arrest. The prisoner enjoyed only a few hours of liberty, a patrol of tho 14th Regiment re-arresting him the same evening in Swanston-street. An inquiry into the matter was subsequently held at the military barracks, the result being the re- committal of the prisoner to gaol to undergo, in addition to his previous sentence, fifty-six days' incarceration-the first twenty-eight days to be passed in solitary confinement, and the remainder with hard labour, The prisoners in the Bathurst Gaol, New South Wales, recently attempted an outbreak, and almost succeeded in escaping. Pearson, the bushranger, whose sentence of death was respited a short time ago, is said to have been the instigator of the insubordination. THE PARLIAMENTARY SITUATION. Last mail left our Parliamentary affairs in tolerablo order. The Land Bill had heen read a second time, ono or two of its leading principles had passed the ordeal of committee, and the Opposition were just ontoring upon their struggles against, not the bill as a whole, but mainly that portion which proposed to invest the Minister of Lands with complete and absolute sway over Crown tenants and licensees, and those pecuniarily interested in either. That a vory considerable proportion of the population should bo brought by this means under the thumb of tho Lands Minis- ter of the day, and have to look to him for their means of daily profit, and also as a being whose simple will might stand betweon thom and utter ruin, was naturally to bo regarded with extreme aversion by all inde- pendent politicians, and the expression of opposition to this form of tyrannical abso- lutism was expected to constitute the princi- pal political action of the month. But_ things have not gone quite as anticipated. First, votes and party feeling havo strangely shifted, and the immediate prospect of favour- able legislation has for the time ovorpowered highor motives in the rump of the squatting members. On the other hand, the quondam Ministerial partisans sitting bolow the gang- way havo developed huge discontents, and attacked the Government with a vigour that has often been nearly successful. Lastly, the Government weakness in the mattor of tho personnel of its Crown law officers, together wi|h its moro than dubious tactics in keeping vacant two Ministerial seats-as a bait to ¡wovcrers-havo conspired to injure its posi- tion. Unfortunately,'however, its strength has lain in the disintegration of. and want of j united action id, tho, Opposition. Under such circumstances,,the Land Bill has'jiow virtually passed through committee, and the only important interruptions have been'an intermittent fire of attacks upon certain Ministerial supporters 'who aro supposed to have' touched the unclean thing, and for whom their opponents appear to' de- sire an Achan's fate, We placo'the,'various subjects touched upon by Parliament under their Several heads,:-, '" 1 I I THE LAND KILL IN THE ASSEMBLY. . _ As we have already placed before our Eng- lish readers a sufficiently comprehensive de scrjption of tho principles arid modus oheratiäl of ithc Land Bill, it is not needful that we should follow its course stop hy step, dor tell 'how tho 18th clause, which limited' the area to bo selected to 040 acres at 2s. per acre per annum, was dobated, nor' how in the 19th clause, which contained the conditions of selection, it was pro- posed to use the word " occupy " , instead of ¡ "reside on," and such like. The main point was this-that it soon became evident that the Government wore determined, and had the power, to carry every proposition of impqrtanco, and that tho promise of per-i nutting largo alterations, upon the strength of |which a numhor of membors avowedly voted for the second reading, was the most miserable of broken reeds, being i practically i repudiated by those who made it., Clause by ¡ clauso was agreedito.with only verbal altera-! tions, and it was only here and there that any variation was mado. n These exceptional in stanccb were, however, often of somei value, and in one ofi them the quantity of land which the Government might soil by auction in any one year was limited to 200,000 acres, but this was only obtained after a sories of divisions called for byMr. Longmore, whosoi antagonism to the system of'Belling land by auction at all, almost reaches the height tof a monomania ; also i an amendment in t tho 20th clause, which, in1 its leading principle, received the assent of the Government, /was moved by Mr. 'Everard,' and cariied. It I pro- hibits persons having secured pre-emptive rights from selecting,' also those whoso selec- tions under previous Land Acts have been forfeited for evasion, and ¡limits the area to bo selected by present occupiers to the differ- ence between their holdings and the 'maxi- mum allowed by the bill. < Otherwise,? in* a division on one portion of the same cldnso, the House again recorded its opinion that the largo power asked for by the Minister of Lands should bo granted. Indeed, 'all at- tempts to materially change the character of the future enactment were fruitless. Cap- tain MacMahon moved to strike out of üu¡ 21st clause a provision prohibiting selectors from pleading any claim in .law . or equity against any revocation of licenco, or resumption of lands liconsed under j tho act, but it was -»negatived by ia large majority, which also decided against a motion ,by_ Mr. Berry, > having for ita ob- ject the giving to 'free selectors! the same privilego as waa enjoyed by the squatters, i that of impounding before fencing. Tho House began the third'week of the month by dealing with a motion against tho continu- ance of pastoral occupation, respecting which muoh had been said and much threatened, and it was expected that there would bd somo fighting. The thing neverthe- less resolved itself into a moro fiasco, i On Tuesday, August 3, the House having gono into'committee on the bill, Mr Everard mpved that the chairman report progress, in order to procure tho excision from the Land Bill of the clauses relating to pastoral occu- pation, contending that, as the House was elected for the special purposo of dealing with ttys dispute arising out of' tho proposedJ Darling grant, it had ho businoss to touch such an important question as1 tho present. I¿íbnVvMÍ4tó*Ü1COiteÍtíh.Q.b.ül.LaiÍtric>w squatters or tho banks would bo enriched to the same extent. Against this it Was urged by Ministers that thb squatters wctp now. a down-troddon clast, and that,' as thoy hadjeeased to obstruct liberal legislation, they were entitled to encouragement as an impor- tant intereét. A lengthy debato onsued, and finally the motion was rejected by 45 to 8 votes, This defeat was accepted, although it was asserted and tacitly admitted that the Minis- terial malcontents, represented by Mr. Everard, had banded together and subscribed theil names to an agreement pledging them to use the foims of the House to íesist tho squatting clauses until an appeal should havo been made to thô conntry. Tho oiio-sided struggle over, the House once more turned to real work, in passing through that division of the bill relating to pastoral occupation. Tho first clause to be dealt with authorised t)io issuing of yearly licences to the present pas- toral tenants, and, some bon. members thought the clause should bo made permis- sive, not mandatory, by the substitution of tho word "may" for "shall." The Government and the squattcis were, howevoi, too strong, and it was Cairied in the impeiative mood Hon. membeis then got good-tempered, and cheerfully directing the clerk to read only the marginal notes,, the entire bill was passod with the exception of the last clauso. On the following night it was hoped that tho bill would be got tbiough and recommitted for further revision, but the expectation was thwarted by one of the nobodies'of the Houso, Mr. E. Cope, whohad the night befoiohrought up eomo absurd complaint that an attorney had, unmindful of the hon. mombor's legis- lative functions, offered him 10s. with a subpoena instead of-a guinea. Whatthen oc- curred served to show the terms which tho Ministry offer to their supporters. Tho Sneaker ruled Mr. Cope out of order, but tho Chief Secretary asked the House to hear the complaint, which was thon mado aVnid tho laughter of the House, for the lion, member's very numerous orthoopical blunders wore ac- companied by a variety of other absurditios, of which tho author was comically, but soronely, unconscious, nor did tho mockery of tho House disconcert him in tho least. Tho subject was dropped at that point; hut next evening the non. member, m order to punish the press for ridiculing him, exercised his privilege of turning tho strangers and re^ porters out of tho galleries. This tevongeful proceeding was submitted to by the reporters with the greatest foititndo-not a'tear was shed. So tho Houso sat for a whole night with closed doors, that sorved to voil a scono of comparative rowdiness, the only important item in the proceedings being a fruitless motion by Mr. Farrell, when the Housb was in committee on tho Land Bill, to mako A.D. 1875 tho limit of the pastoral licences. Still the disorderly disputes'had a comic side when Mr. Duffy charged the Go- vernment with fearing to restrain Mr. Copo, because that remarkably foolish ,man was a " bashaw of three tails ;" i. c, carried throe votes, viz , his own, and those of his brother and son-in-law, who had managed, by a closo adherence to the M'Culloch platform, to'gain seats at the last goneral election. The lion, and learned Attorney-General roplied more silo, and at length piogiess was reported, and the Houso adjourned. Tho next day'Mi. Cope repeated his silly manoeuvre, but aban- doned it on finding the wholo House against him, and hearing a distinct thi eat from the Chief Secretary that, if this line of tactics was persevered in, a course should be taken to dis- able any «anglo mombor from expelling tho re- porters upon hissinglo motien. (The first stor. hassmceheen taken to effect this.) Hon. mom' hers then turned to the Land Bill onco moro to deal with tho 99th, and last, clauso, which continued the action of the measure till 1879. An amendment limiting tho pastoral tonurc to a yearly licenco, and preventing any claim for compensation on account of its revoca- tion, was negatived by 24 to 12 votes, and the clauso then passed by 25 votes to IO. Th( whole of the schedules and somo new clausei wero soon passed, and piogiess was reported, This ended the week's work. On Tuesday last the bill definitely assumed a new phase, and stood a measure more oi less complete. Its recommittal on last Tues' day gave an opportunity for the introduction of new principles, and a scries of propositions wero made to that end, but none of them sue ccssfully, unless tho Government consented te them. Only two aro worth montion. Ono was a clauso proposed by Mr. Fellows, which pro- hibited all interference with tho administra- tion of the Lands department, either by ad- vice, persuasion, or otherwise, on the part ol members of Parliament, undor ponalty of o fine of £230, and being thereforo declared in- capable of occupying a scat in the Legisla' tnrc. It found but few suppoiters, and. was ultimately negatived without a division, A \--?- in'I new clause, providing that certain proceed- .' ings with' regard to applications under tho- < act should he conducted in public, due notice' ' being given in the Government Gazette, was proposed by Mr. Higinbotham and agreed to. i. The initiatory steps havo beon>taken' to sot n / apart £200,000 por annum from the land i ~> revenue 'for the construction of rail ways.' ¡ The bill will probably be read a third time li ' and sent to tho Council during the ensuing 'week. ' ' 1 chahoes against hhmbebs. '* ' The words with which we concluded orír ' ' remarks on this subject last month wore- ' Our English readers may anticipate that tho ' next mail will supply thora with anothei ¡, Parliamentary scandal," and'they havo boon J J amply justified. In fact, tho charges then'1 ' made ngaiiist sundry hon, members, notably Mr. J. Miller of Creswick, and Mr. StAitfc of South Grant, havo multiplied . exceed ingly,' * and, as a natural consequence, ' the 'administration ' of tho Lands , de- partment has been so severely questioned that the Government have boen shamed into ' ' appointing a select committee to inquire into the whole subject. During tho debates on the charges brought forward last month, Mr. Duffy taunted the Minister of'Lands with his ' ' habitual and sustained resistance to such a committee, adding that ho (Mr. Duffy) had always, -when occupying the same position, besn ready to second any proposal of the kind. Mr. Grant and his colleagues ro plicd, with i heat, that to appoint such u committee was, in fact, to submit , 1 to a voto of i want of confidence, thus assuming that j the Minister,of Lands was necessarily privy to all malpractices in his i department, an inference stoutly denied by , the other side"-who declared that the honour of the Legislature demanded the inquiry. But the untenabilitjr, of the Government, i doctrine soon showed itself, and to savo a, de-,, feat, they «treated in timo, Mr, Grant op- , pot tunely discovering that tho charges weie, i really not directed at himBolfporsonally. But , w o are advancing matters. In an early issue , subsequent to the doparture of our lastisum-, / raaiy,r/te._rffM«delivereditsolfinthese terms: -"Whatever may come of the mattor between Air. Mills and Mr. Stutt, the, transaction throws a vory clear light on one point. We seo the sort of business with which the As- sembly has oondomned us to deal for the noxt ten years, ' On Mr. Stutt's, own showing, ho took up Mills' casein the Land office, just as any touting attorney might havo done in tho police-court. Mills i waa a stranger to. bim, '^ and .waa introduced hy a mero acquaintance. . Mr. Stutt gave him his services, had intet- i views with Mr. Grant for him, wrote letters , to him,,saw his solicitor and gavo him in- structions, and incurred no small troublo on his bohalf. Does auy sane person think that thp lion, member for South Grant did, all this from pure benevolonce? We do not know that ho himself over piottmded that ho did. But whether he did or not, whothei he, ically meant to assist Mills, or, as Mills appears! , to allege,, was in a conspiracy to¡cheat him,, , or|was what lawyers call ambidextrous-that t is ,to say; was retained on both sides-it is plainl that Mills had recourse to him for the transaction of ceitain business in tho Land Oihce, and that Mr. Stutt's qualification for that function was, that ho was a member of Parliament. No doubt the fact that a porson is a member of the Legislature ought not to , 'prevent bira from pursuing his ordinary call- ing. But it is quite anotbor matter when a t man assumes a new calling, for which a vote í ínj the Assombly is an essential qualifica- tion." It,, thus appeared protty evident that the Government wero determined that, there should, if possible, be no investigation . into these charges, and this idea was strength-j ened by the course tuleen on the evening of the day the above remarks appeared. Mr. Langton th'en moved that the orilers of tho day should , bo postponed until after ho had proposed the resolution standing in Ins,name for an in- u quhy into the case of Mills v. M'Neill, and; ' tho charges arising out of ,the same against Mp. Stutt, M.L.A. On the Thursday pre- , cedincc the1 Attorney-Geneial had isaicl tlwti i > connected with this ínattcil ,uuv'Ur-<ui.<u.Mu> ' . . transpired that a late decision of the Supremo Court with regard to statutoiy declarations had íendered this course impossible. Although such was the case, the Government, >m io pljiug to Mr. Langton, opposed any inquiry, contending that the wholo »flair should be postponed until a new act had boen passed, ' and the procedure originally pioposedren deied possible. Tho Chief Secretary went f oven further than this, and contended that the denial of tho accusations by the bon. members interested ought to be dootnod sufficient by tho llouso. This doctrino, how "ever, wnsrathei too strong for lion, membors, and although assisted by some desortors norn < < the Opposition, the Government only suc- ceeded m defeating Mr. Langton's motion by a majority of one. Such a victory was ovon more damaging than a defoat, and tho elon- gated visages of Ministers showed that they had secured bomething which they did not well know what to do with. They felt compollod to takesomodefmite course, and consequently, the Attorney-General gavo notice foithwith of a bill to amend the law of ovidence so as to touch the presont charge A petition from ono Donald Stewatt, adding another accusa- tion to the list, was presontcd tho same evening. More fuel was added to the firo noxt day, when Mr. Longmoro presented a petition from Lake Bolac, tho sceno of tho alleged improper land transactions of Mr. Miller, praying for a searching investigation into the charges against that lion, member. Following, carno an extiaordinary announce- ment fiom tho Attorney-General in respect to Mr. Stutt's case. Mr Ross (the quondam Lands department official who had oxpoaod tho Stutt scandal in tho first instance) was, it was stated, to be prosecuted by the Crown for perjury, and all on behalf of Mr. Stutt. who was to have every assistance tho Crown Law officers could alford him« Thus not only was Stutt to bo held harmless, and have his legal advisers provided for him at the expenso of tho country, but others in Mr. Ross's position weie to bo terrified into silenco by his fate. In defending this unjust ' as well as novel proceeding, the Attornoy General made sucli reckless statements that it is for the benefit of tho whole community ' that their untruth was promptly shown. . Some timo ago a Melbourne newspaper mado' a scries of personal attacks upon Mr. J. D. Wood, late Minister of Justice, and an equally distinguished momber of the Victorian bar and of Her Majesty's Opposition. The said newspaper was the oigan of the M'Culloch Government, >and Mr. Wood instituted a criminal prosecution, in which tho Crown «as joined against the offending proprietor. The caso was tried more than once, hut the jury refused to give a verdict, and this caso the Attorney-General appealed to as a pre- cedent justifying his own oouise. To hisi confusion it was made clear that in Mr, Wood's caso the Crown was only the nominal prosecutor, and paidnot one farthing, whereas in Ross's case Stutt was to bo the nominal prosecutor, while the Crown paid the wholo expenses. To íoturn. This state- ment made, Mr. Longmoro again rose, hold- ing in his hand three statutory declarations made by persons who had promoted tho Lake Bolac petition, two of whom declared that they had sold their selections to Mr. Miller, and the third that Mr. Miller had offered to obtain for another person a certain other selection of 300 acres for £50. This tho bon. membor de- > clared was a question of privilege, and should bo debated at onco, taking; precodonce over all other business. It was in vain that th'o Government opposed this course, and tho Speaker ruled that it was not a coso of privilege, for the Houso was on the point of declaring that it was, nnd would havo carried matters with a high hand had not tho^ Chief Secretary promised that ho would givo an i ' opportunity for discussing tho mattor during the following' week. The House then rose for the usual four days' recess betweon its weekly sittings. Puring tho interval thuB afforded, the coso against Ross carno on at tho police court. The charge against him ran thus : " For that you, on the 30th day of Juno, 18C9, at Melbourne, unlawfully, wickedly, and, maliciously, did publish, and cause and pro- cure to bo published, a certain falso defama- tory libel of and concerning tho said William Stutt, in the form of a lottor bearing data the ' 29(.h day of Juno, 1809, addressed and di- rected to tho hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands, enclosing a paper writing purporting to be a declaration mado by ono Petor Mills ; and this was supported at tho court by tho Crown prosecutor and tho Crown solicitor. It so happened, however, that Mr. Ross novor was arraigned. In tho.first instance, a post- ponement was asked for and granted, becauso of absent witnesses, ond beforo tho caso carne on again tho pioseeutioa was aban don ed, for reasons which will soon appear. When the House met again on Tuesday. Mr. Miller, seeing the determination of the House with regard to the charges brought against himself and Mr. Stuft,- mado a brief ex Elanation in tho Assêpïhly,\ and/annoùncpd 1 is intention of movihjpc for^icoramùtCeèTof inquiry. Mr. Grant, however1, at once took the matter out of>Jiis|hands,' and formally moved the appoiníment.of a seleotcomiñjttee to inquire into the working of the Lands department in connexion with the alleged undue influence of members of-Parliament. - After a wann ilcbateeupon. some collateral points of the'subject,* the'eommittee was ap- pointed and all that has been done in the -House sinceihas) bee^ for hon,.,imem bersofo .pietent ¡othertiipetitionsi disclosing other ^¡charges asainst i the11 lands (depart- ment, -.which 'ihave been ^referred to the said committeo as fast as they havo' beervj re- ceived^ <> Whatever m ay -bo Itho result' of thist committeo.ithere can be -no doubt that the* attention i which has been, directed : to the matter hdsi already had considerabloi effect. On the ; same night the committee i was tap pointed, Mr. Grant announced that, with-i out waiting for the operation of the .Land Bill now before,the House, it had heen rq- | solved that for the .future- all'disputes he; tween persons, or between persons and the Government, should be i publicly decided by the Board of Land and Works, and in omer thatjthe Minister bf Lands should have the, assistance of one of (the law officers pf tliq Crown in determining uponindivldnal rights, the Attorney Çenqral bad .already been ga- zetted Vice-Prctident of the Board of Land and Works. ", Some doubts have been thrown by Mr. Duffy upon the possibility of carrying out this arrangement in accordance with tho terms of the act under,which, the Board is_, constituted.,/but, the Attorncy;General has produced, an ^interpretation which, ho says, will suit the case, and so Mr. Duffy .stands silenced till the time comes when the Attor- ney-General's law,may¡be tested. -Â , INQDIBIES IMTO THE ADMIMISÏBATIOJST OP THE LANDS D_TAB__3HT. '. The committee appointed to make these inquiries consists of Messrs Berry, Duffy, T. Cope, Keiferd, Macpherson, Everard, Long- more, M'Caw, Lalor, G. P. Shñth, Grant, and- Captain1 MacMahon. '(The Opposi- tion tried hard to 'get 'Mr. Langton appointed,' hut i the Government,1 by the aid of the votes of Messrs. 'Stutt and Miller themselves, manajed to defeat the at- tempt by one vote.) They have already hold several meetings. At their first, Mr. Lalor was' appointed chairman. Mr. Grant was asked to preside, the committee having been ap- pointed upon his motion, but »he declined, stating that to some extent ho considered be was-on his trial, and ' thus oufof hist own mouth contradicting his previous assertion that it degraded'a Minister to submit to an inquiry into his own conduct. That point settled, the committee decided not to admit the press to their deliberations, and expressed an opinion that the charge against Mr. Ross should be withdrawn until thoyhad made their inquiries. (It was upon this that tho charge was abandoned as above described.) They then proceeded straightway to call foi persons and'papers, and make inquiries into the charges already preferred. First carno the Garvoc caso, detailed in our last summary) as implicating Mr. Stutt, of South Grant, and after all tho then available ovidence had been given, Mr. Stutt was asked if he desired to moko any statement, whereupon he re- quested permission to be first allowed to read the evidence. The committee agreed to the request, and Mr. Stutt is to bo permitted to m alco any statement he may consider neces- sary after tho evidence has been printed, and ho will also be allowed to call further evidence, if ho is in a position to^ do so. A progress report was also agreed to. >It contained only one clauso, which was to the effect that the House be nsked_ to doclaie that it would institute no proceedings against any witness who might criminato himself, unless the witness happened to be a memboi of Parliament, and this was duly presented to Pai liament, but without any contequonl motion. The noxt case was the special one set up against Mr. Miller, and contained ir the Lake Bolac petition (dated from Wick hffe), and the three declarations presented bj Mr. Longmore Wbon all the' witnesses forthcoming had been examined, time wa! also allowed to the second accused membei to prepare his reply and produce witness* on his behalf, and it was thoa understood that the inquiry would in future 'be mon generally directed into the working of tht Lands Office, where it was proposed the f uturi sittings should be held. Tho prosont positioi of afiaiis it, that Mr. Stutt manifests a ereiv itwriváac» iii ins case atter his roply, 'in whiol it is understood he hopes to damage the cha racter of the witnesses against him.' > ( A LIBERATED TENIAN IN VIOIOBIa! An important question has arisen in rospoe to the convicted Fenians, who, sent by th Imperial Government to the penal settlemen of Western Australia, and since pardoned aro expected to arrive in Victoria. [One o these, named Kenealy, arrived hero earl; last month, but on being communicate! with by the police on account of his in fringement of tho local law (Criminals Inilu: Pievention Act) against the coming her of liberated prisoners of the Crown fron other colonies, ho undertook to depai within a given period, and was therefon left unmolested for the time. But othe pardoned Fenian prisoners were looked for ti arrive fiom Western Austiaha, for money hat been subscribed for thora and awaited then in Melbourne, This journal first diew atten tion to that part of tho subject, Public atten tion being loused, a attona feeling againstthoi being allowed to remain in Victoria wa evinced. Upon this a deputation from th committee formed in Melbourne on behalf o the paidouedi Fenian prisoners in Westen Austialia, waited upon the Chief Secretar and Attorney-General during a Parliamentary sitting, and weio received in ono of the loo hies, eighteen members of Parliament wer present on the occasion, the principal ox ponents of tho wishes of the deputation bein Mr. Duffy and Captain MacMahon. The le quest prefeircd by the committee was tua thojlibeiatcd piisoneis might at least b allowed to land hero, in order to obtain thi money which is awaiting them, and to mak provision foi going homo to their nativi country or elsewhere. It was urged on thei behalf that, being political offenders who hai received a freo pardon from tho Queen, the; wore not in tho position of oidmary criminals and did not come within tho meaning oi the Criminals influx Prevention Act, whicl was simply passod in order to exclude condi tionally pardonedjfelons and oxpirees. Th opinion of the Government, as expressed b theAttoincy-Genoral, was, that the act make no distinction amongst oflondors, but th Chief Secretary intimated that the law wouli be allowed to remain temporarily in abeyance as far as the Government was concerned, si as to enoblo theao persons to get thuir mono; and make airangements for proceeding elsii where. If tho law, however, was set ii motion by a private informer, the Govern mont could not interfere, but they would a any rate take no part in the piosecution. So ended the Parliamentary share of th affair, but the few friends Kenealy appearet to havo in tho country could not be satisfice without a collision with the law. It appear that Bhoitly after Kenealy arrived hero he in reply to a communication mado to him b' the police authorities acquainting him witi tho law which ho had broken, said ho ouh intended to icmain in, tho colony ton days Ho did not keep this pi omise, however and when'further communicated with hi treated tho affair in at very offhand manner remarking that ho did not proposo ti leavo just then, and that the polio knew where ho resided. Upon this the polio authorities, without the knowledge or insti cation of the Government, arrested the de fiant Fenian. Tho matter was mentioned ii Pari'ament, and Mr. Duffy said Koneal; wished to remain until his associates arrive! hero, and then to leave with thom : but Mi M'Culloch pointed out that it was very uri likely they would ' bo able i to roach . tbi colony, as tho captains of the mai steamers, knowing tho heavy penalty at tached i to tho offence, would i not brin; them. Their best plan to leave Weston Australia would bo by somo vessel going t India. Kenealy, nevertheless, appeared in clincdito try conclusions, his frionas had at intenso desiro for publicity, and ho himsel lofuscd to cngago to leavo the country withii a sufficiently close period. So the prosecu tion proceeded, and Kenealy made his appear ance at tho City Police Court, which was, a might ho'expected, crowded i by apárcelo sympathisers-certainly not dorivod from tin moro respectable classes. Eminent counse weio retained for Kenealy, and after severa adjournments, ponding which liberal bai was allowed to tho prisoner, tho casi carno on, according to the"'formal process Moro tho city magistrates, j Mr. Irelant Q.C., and Mr. Adamson, wero for the Crown and'Professor Hearn and Mr. Aspinatl for tht defenco. 'The counsel«for tho piosecutior stated, at tho outset'of1-the caso, that tilt Executive in causing this prosecution simplj wished, as a matter of i duty, to carry out the law, bo that it might not^pe said hereaftoi ' ~ - y l j ,1 ' ii i di ? ' that they had favoured anyone individual. Every facility would be given to. the defend- ant, if the prosecution was sustained, for his leaving the colon« or for his baring the ques- tion tested before ^the Supreme Court. The ^ritnâ^facle. evidence of ..the prisonorVfli&vi;úg < been founa, guilty of i a transportable' offence, ^ within the meaning of the firat Beatron of .the act, consisted of his own admissions toHhe police,Nana the documents he had produced to them. As* to the effeqtïpf the Queen's" pardon, Mr. Ireland contended that it did -nôt-remove the disability-created- by the statute, but only the punishment awarded by the sentence ; and a pardon placed tho prisoner, so far as the act was concerned, onithesamBjfooting as,one,who had served the tali, term of his, irhjkisonmen,t. For the defence, it was contended that the Crown should show ,that the ^defendant was not lawfully residenten the colony at the,time tbd act ,yvus passed, for then the act would not app&te; lum ; "but, the'Bench held that the proof.,of the negativo,lay with the de- fendant/.' also,, on another point - that it ,was fort him to show that he had not been jfpiind gui'ty of a , transportable felony, since more, than prima facie evidence on both""points had been adduced by the I, Crown. Profossor Hearn, in an argument of considerable length, contended that the act was not now in operation ; that, if in(1 operation, it did not creato tho offence.the defendant-was charged with; and, that if it did create such an offence, it did not apply to the prisoner, for the free pardon wiped out all 'the conséquences of the offonce he was ori- ginally chaigcd with. The Bench convicted the defendant, and required him to enter into bailj'to leavo tho colony in seven days. . A cato, however, is to bo stated for the opinion of the Supreme Court, and so the raattsr at ¿resent rests. , , ? i - , , * VACANT CABINET OFFICES. , ' , i There have been covers! discussions in Par- liament respecting the unconstitutional1 way in which- the Government aroikeepin" open the offices' of Commissioner of Customs and Minister of Railways, rendered vacant by tho retirement of Mr. C. E. Jones and Mr. Valo. The worst aspect of the case is, that whdo the Railway department is being in some soit administered by the Commitsioner of Roads and "Cridges, the Customs department has been for some months presided over by the Hon. J. 'G. Francis, late. Commissioner of CustomB," but now only a private member ; and the anomaly of a private morqhant of Mel- bourne "performing such functions without going to his constituents, or in > any way assuming- that responsibility to Parliament which isr.absolutcly necessary to responsible and constitutional government, has been frequently and severely commented upon. The storm has broken at last, and last week Mr. Kerferd formally drew attention to the fact of the vacant offices, and the mode in which they i were 'ostensibly fll'od. This led to a warm debate, which culminated. when Mr. Fellows compared the conduct of the Government with that of a costermonsor holding a couple of bunches of carrots before a lefractory donkey in order to coax him onward, and further intimated in tolerably! plain terms that the offices wero kept vacant as baits to hon. members whoso votes would secure the passage of the Land Bill. The replies from tho, other side were equally 'warm but unhappy, for their best excuce was that Mr. Francis only acted as a friend of the Chief Secretary, who really con- trolled the department, and thoir best retort was a tu queque, recalling the fact of the Sladen Miuistiy having offices unfilled and two leading members without seats in Par- liament. ( This taunt was shown to be mis- directed, seeing that the circumstances of the two cases wore so widely difleront. The Go- vernment, it was then averred, were anxious to fill up the two offices, but could not do so in the present condition of public affairs. The sense of the House was clearly against Ministers, and it was agreed that the mo- tion- which was for the appointment of a select coinmittco to inquire' how far the question was one of privilege-should be adjourriedioraweek. J t came on again on Tuesday last, when Mr. Francis, having stated that he was not a candidate for office, and would no longer interfere with the busi- ness of the department, and the Chief Secre- tary having promised that the vacant offices should be filled so soon as the Land, Bi'l. was passed, the motion was withdrawn, and the light ended. Who are to bo the fortunato appointees is still only a matter of rumour. ( OÏHEB ME ASH EES. Under this head there is vory little to record, so completely has the attention of the IIous,c been absorbed by the Land Bill, cases of , ,'frur_ncj tjie Lands Uomp'ensátión BPf_~mên tioned in our last summary, wore sent up to the Council, a few votes in tho Estimates have been passed, aud a few private motions carried- The only one of importance among the latter was proposed by Mr. Wrixon, ol Belfast, and its object was to initiate a bill for the* improvement of the Belfast Harbour, and 'the authorisation of a special rate upon tho inhabitants of 'the district to íaise funds for the work. The meosuie has ,os yet only reached its fiist stage, .?Slops havo also been taken to deal further with the question of education, Some months ago Mi'. Biginbothavn ¿ave notice that when tijo education voto in tho Estimates came on he woujd move that Government aid be con- fined to schools vested in the Boaid of Educa- tion, ^declaring by this means that the Govern- ment would only support secular education. The subject has not yet beendobated, but Mr. Fellows has given notice of tho, following mo- tion, which ho pioposestobringon on an early day:-" That theactiorthebettur maintenance and establishment of common schools should bo repealed; that the instruction of all childien 'in reading, writing, and arith- metic should bo enforced by law; that tho selection of the school should be left to the unconti oiled discretion of parents and guar- dians : that tile teacher of the school selected should be entitled to receive, in lieu of salary, a capitation allowance in respect of every child instructed by him up to the legal stan ' dard ; that the attainment of the legal stan elaid should bo ascertained by examination before an officer to be appointed for that purpose ; that all monoys appropriated for 'public instruction should bo paid from the Tieasury upon tho authority, claim, and cer- tificate usually adopted in the Government depaitments; that the property vested in the Board of Education (except such as may have been convoyed to them by trustees) should be transferred to the Crown, and dealt with as othçr Crown land, and that propeity dorived from trustees should bo ro-conveyed as' the original trusts." Mr. Lliginbotham has cap- ped this by, also giving notice of motion that lie would move, as au amendment to Mr. Fel lows'sresolutions.theomissionof all the resolu- tion's execptthe first, and theinsertionaf terthe first of the following, viz. :-" That a national tystem of religious education is at presont rendered' impracticable by ecclesiastical rivalry and dissensions, and by tho unpatriotic policy pursued by the loading Christian sects ; and^ that the establishment of a public system of secular instiuction, freo from tho intei ferenco.pf the ,roligious sects, and under tho direction of a Minister of the Crown, respon- sible to Paihament, is urgently demanded by the highest national interests, and calls for the immediato attention of the Legisla- ture." Since the abovo was written, a fowjmeosures havo been initiated ; one bl ought in by tho Attorney-General is to empower local bodies to carry out water supply works without tho assistance of the Government. A Supply Bill for JEGOO,000 has been passed through all its stages. Tho Council's amendments in the Lands Compensation Bill have boon agreed to, and a Ti ansfer of Land Amend- ment Bill, for the purpose j of enabling settle- ments and lions under the existing colonial jaw, regulating tho subject, has been read a second time, previous to being referred to a select committco. i , j The Assembly has refused to assent to the two important amendments mado by tho Legislative Council in the County Courts 'Act Amendment Bill. The one ameudment 'limited the numbci of County Court judges to nine, except both Houses of tho (Legisla- ture agiecd to an address to the Governor praying that that number be increased : and tho other provided that no judge should bo removed fiom office, save upon a like address. As the .Council attaches great importance to these amendments, and is not likely to give way upon both, tho bill may bo- considered pst» _ THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. The proceedings of our Legislative Council como lest in our Parliamentary summary, be- cause, in thepiesent instance, they havo been dealing with measures sent to thom from tho Assembly, and tho interest of their business is rendered temporarily subordinate. The 'measure' principally boforo 'thom has been tho Local Government Bill, already passed ,Ji>y thq Assembly., In, clauso 7 of this bill, vproviding. that oxisting shires and road dis-i tricts shall bo original shires, Mr.'O'Shan ' assy moved an amendment, striking 'out fa 'largo portion of tho clause,'and providing that ono or moro road districts might unite < I ., J-ll«y , Î \\- I,.! M -, .1 i.' ," ''A li) / '',',? -Vlíj'íl ¿i 'S^! if they had an annual income derivable from lates of not less than £1,500, based upon ti rate of not less than Is. in the £1 on tho not annual value of rateable property. Tho amendment was carried by a majority of one, :in spite of a threat by Mr. M'Crae (Commis 'sioner of Public Works and representing the Government in the Upper House) to withdraw 1 the bill if it wore adopted. Upon this Mr. M'Crae intimated that he should consult his colleagues as to the desirability.of jirocftoding. with iho moasuro after so matenal an amend- ment had been "made, . buj; next day Iiq. announced that tho Government would har- monice tho measure to tho -change thus effected. After a wceK;s postponement, Mr. M'Crao proposed to expunge the amendment already effected and antro d'ice a sort of, compromise '.clause, but the Houso negatived his proposition, stand- ing by their original amendment. Anothor week's delay then took place, end on Tuesday last Mr. M'Crao intimated' that he had 'determined to abandon the Local Govern- ment Act Amendment Bill, as the amend-, 'roent in clause 7 entirely subverted its policy. 'Hon. members appeared to think, however, 'that the Government should be allowed au 'opportunity of reconsidoriug their determina- tion to abandon the measure, and with this view it was agreed to postpone matters further, Mr. O'shanassy offering to take charge of the bi" if allowed the necessary legal assistance. He alsomont'toned that tho object he had in view in amending the measure was ,to prevent the introduction of the rotten- borough system which it would otherwicc call into existence. The only other important measuro before the Houso -he Scab Act Amendment Bil'-has boen remitted to a select committee. The Land Compensation Bill has been passed with amendments, and relumed to tho Assembly; and the Fisheries _)U (giving addi- tional piotection to fishes in the rivers and bays ot the colonies during the breeding season) only awaits a final touch to be trans- mitted to the Lower Houso. Mr. J. P. Bear, a member of some yea^' sto-id'ig, has been allowed twelve months leavo of absence, to enable him to visit England. , THE RAILWAY WORKSHOPS. ? In consequenco of tho seilous charges brought forward in the Legislature end in the public press against the management of the workshops connected with the'Victorian Railways, the Government a month or two ago appointed a commission to inquire into the whole management of the engineering blanch ; and »1 though no official report has yet been sent in, enough has transpired to show that the iuquiry was not instituted one moment too toon. Most'incredible things are stated to have occuried ¡ amongst others,1 that gatekeepers have had to turn nurte maids, and carry about the children of their superior oflicors ¡ that men wore actually eif goged to break up or damage a number of crank axles, which were afterwards surrep- titiously removed and sold at a foundiy in Noith Melbourne ; and that the premiums granted for industry and economy were ex- pended for the payment of political and other secret services. It has also been stated that upon the stores at Williamstown being ex uinined at the end of 1808 a deficiency of some hundreds of pounds sterling was discovered, hut the accounts _ were after waids so arranged as to give a very different appearance to affairs. Another repoit is m circulation to tho effect that workmen of the department have been cm ployed in erecting a pigeon-house and a dove- cot foi one of the oincers at a cost of some £5G or £00, and that there is a standing order that oU.the sweepings of the goods sheds are to be preserved, and forwarded to the said officers house for the nourishment of his pigeons and doves. Then it is stated that ono man was discharged forprescrvmg a damaged boiler plate to show to the Commission, in order to show ho was light iu a certain course he took, that course being opposed to the wishes of his superiors. His dismissal is looked upon as an act of intimidiuion, the object of which is to deter other employés from giving unfavourable evidence. _ All these reports and statements have excited a gi cat deal of distrust in the public mind, and the thorough prosecution of the inquiry will be insisted on. NEW ZEALAND NOTES. The intelligence from, Now Zealand during the last month has (been of. an extremely gloomy character. , Tho position of affaifs in our last summary wo mentioned the defeat and retirement from office of the Stafford Ministry., They were succeeded by a Govern- ment formed by Mr. Fox. Mr. W. Gisborne, the now Colonial Secretary, ,was for, many ycais Under Secretary foi the colony,-, and will probably lead the Upper House, while Mr. Fox will lead the Lowei Chamber. Mr. J. Vogel, the Colonial Treasurer, is an oxcollent financier, and has produced a budget consi- dered an improvement on those of his recent piedeccssors. He has long been a member of tho House, and connected with the Now Zealand press. Mr. M'Lean, the Native and Defence Ministoi,,ha3 long been known and trusted by the natives, and has ftequently, by his personal influence, pre- set ved peace both between natives and Euro- pe anp and also among the Maories them- selves. Mr. Caigill, the Postmastei- General, isa merchant m Dunedin and an Ota^o land- owner. Ho has been a momboi of the Otago Provincial Government. Mr. Dillon Bell will mostpiobablytnkoohargo of tho Cus toms with- out a portfolio, On the whole, it is considered that Mr. Fox has succeeded in foi ming a stiong Government. The Stafford supporters have decided not to offei any factious opposi-i lion. The new Ministry intend to reduce expenses by changing tho mode of operations hitherto followed against tho rebels. It is pioposed to reduce the forces and the ex pentes, and to transform a now largo, badly disciplined, and costly body-enrolled for tho purposes of aggressive action against the Maories-into a small compact body of men, well drilled and' disciplined, and acting bimply as a defensive force. Not one acre of confiscated land will bo given up, but there will be no hurry to occupy it ; and in the meantime, every effort will bo made to keep peace with King Tawhaio and his party. Application will be made for soldiers from England, enlisted and officered specially for Now Zealand work', for whom £40 per man will bo paid. The war oxpendituio toi come will, much reduced, bo borne by the whole colony. If roads or other permanent iv oiks are constructed on the North Island, i hy loan or otheiwise, the North Island will bo mado responsible to the Middle Island, which responsibility will be secured by an Imperial act. Re&pectmg; the treatment of tho natives, Mr. Fox has intimated that while no punitive action unwoithy of civilisa- tion would bo taken against them, no out- side inteiference would prevent their being piomptly and decisively dealt with. The policy of the new Government towards the piOMnceswill be friendly andencouiaging, iu contiast to that of Mr. Stafloid's Ministry, which was decidedly hostile. As indicating how completely the policy of Mr. Fox's Government is opposed to that of his ptede cessor inoflico, it maybe mentioned that a lesolution has beeniiecently carried in the House of Assembly at his instance, to tho i fleet that tho existing expenditure on tho colonial foices is altogether boyond the financial resources of the colony, and that it is impossible to continue the samo con- sistently with the maintenance of tho public credit. The Government intended to propose another resolution, limiting' the expendi- ture for defence purposes for tho current financial year to £160,000, but, becoming aw aie that tho Houso would not cndoise any such definite proposal until it had lieaid tho budget, they prudently withdrew it. The cost of war .operations for tho last twelve months has beqn estimated by the new Colo- nial Tieasurei at £330,000, tho cost for Juno alone being ovci £10,000. On the other part of the'defence policy of the Government, public opinion is moro divided.. It is pro- posed to ask for two regiments fiom home, to be stationed m tho Noith ,Islatid, and com-,, missioneis oro to bo sent homo to represent tho casoJof the colony to the Imperial Go- ' vernment, with power to bind the colony to poy at the rate of £40 per annum per man for iho assistance asked. Tho resolutions em bod) ing this portion of their policy have been postponed by the Government until after tho Treasurer has mado his statement. No sooner did Mr. Fox announce the ideas of his Cabinet on this subject than he received intimation that such remnants of tho loth Regiment as aro still in New Zealand aro to bo immediately removed. The conduct of tho Imperial Go- vernment in removing the few troops re- maining whilst the country is in such au imscttlqd state, has aroused very bitter feel- ings throughout New Zealand. The advisa- bility of .New Zealand transferring its alle- giance fiom Gieat Britain to itlio United i ¡states has even been hinted at / by one! journal. . . .<. ¡, f," The Treasurer declared his budget speech, on July 29, and it is regarded,as one of tho15 eli nrest and most frank and open financial > i J 'Jil r , i V " )' , . , ; ' '" J. Í 'h IL r _<_./, ... 4,^ci , . - iic> /?": . It.O LÚk>'!> A Statements over modo in the Legislatuie of the colony. The Government propose to place an import duty on breadstuffs, which havo hitherto been admitted free. It is, how cveayonly proposed to levy) the duty while the price of grain and flour does not exceed a certain1 maximum. ,'A revenue of about £14,000 a year'is anticipated {rom this source. The revenue for 1809-70 is estimated, in- cluding the duty on grain and flour, at £l,O46,O00,-and the expenditure at £909,587._ Various liabilities in connoxion" with trea sury_ bjl!s,jrad some_assets arising from tho "conversion öf~loans and release of sinking funds, alter íthe apparent surplus shown above, and reduce it to £17,000, which the Treasurer truly said \foa more than in the circumstances the House expected. It is proposed to raise a loau to make roads in the North Island, as the best' instiuments for keeping the natives in chdck with a small force. This loan is proposed to hej on do-' ferred interest'of from fivo to fifteen years, ' and trust funds ure to bo invited for invest- ment. £50,000 is all that is to be asked for the present year, and the North Island only will bear the burden of this loan, although' the credit of the wholo colony will bo pledged for its repayment and interest. The Customs levenuc of lbst year shows an increase'of £10,GOO. The gold produce of the colony has fallen off 62,000oz , and that although Auck- land has increased no leas than G7,000oz ' There is a large increase in the oxport of New Zealand flax, nnd eveiy province is now directing its attention by private enter- prise to tho manufacture of this .article, which grows in wild luxuriance in many places, and is worth in the homo mar- ! ket from £28, to £40 per ton, according to quality and excellence of preparation. The provincial institutions aro to remain un-' disturbed ; but it is proposed to re-unito Marlboiough-which is comparatively bank- rupt-to Nelson, 'from which it was sepa- rated eleven years ago ; and unless South- land can overcome her financial difficulties, she too will require to return to the bosom of herporent Otago. It is part of tho programme foi the Government to issue annuities, and to establish'a system of life assurance in con- nexion with the Government. A change in telegraphic charges will be made, and instead of tho distance tariff now in existence, one unifonn rate will be charged^ irrespective of distance. * ' \ ' Although no collisions of any moment havo occurred between the colonial troops and tlio natives, the war news of the month haë been very threatening, "and has induced the Go- vernment to take prompt and decided action for the defence of the 'colony. Eaily in July a number of influential chiefs and tribes gathered together at Tokangamutu, the residence of the Maori King, Tawhiao. The intentions of Tawhiao and his chief sup- porters, as far as could be ascertained at that time, led to the belief that they had no in- tention of ghing activo assistance to To Kooti, or tho brave who it is considered has adopted the name and prestige of the original marauder. They professed to desire peace, and various circumstances appeared to render it probable that they really saw theil inte- rest in keeping peace themselves, and endea- vouring to restrain tho unruly, spirits who, under Te Kooti and Ti toko Waru, had given so much trouble during'the past twelve months. There appears to have been rather a long negotiation before Te Kooti was per- mitted to attend the great native meeting and plead his own cause there. The pro- fessed object of this gathering also was not to consider his appeal for countenance and assist- ance in carrying on tho war, but to bring about a reconciliation among tribes whoso feuds date from befare the colonisation of the island. Jt was said that Te Kooti was .' ' dis- tinctly given.,to understand" by Rewi and othei great chiefs that if ho came to Tokan- gamutu ho must cease from his raids on the white sottleis and their nativo allies, and not embroil them or the King with Europeans on their southern frontier lines. Notwithstand ing these favourable signs, and the "persis- tent declaration of Tawhiao that peace shall prevail," a great many persons, -whe are supposed to have 'an intim ato acquaint ance with the Maories aud their ways, con sidered that the Kino's peaceful profession! were altogether treacherous, and that the .colonists mustere long measure theil strengt! with him and his party. The attempt at io conciliation between the adherents ot tin King and the tribes whoso enmity to then has insured for us their hearty alliance on al occasions, they looked upon as the natura precuisor of a general' war. ' Colonel Whit more lately gave expression to opinions o this class in his place iii tho Assembly in vor; decided teimi ' Others, however, conside "i/Lcoieas, us ïi tne natives contemplated i they would not have deferred the attempt ti the winter months. No operations of importance were under taken by the forces during the past month Colonel Hei rick's report ofthe stiength of th native position, which he had boen recon noitering, and hoped to attack (on tho Wai kare-moana Lake), and of tho preparednes of the natives for assault, came m a vor; timely manner to relieve tho new Ministry oi the task of recalling him, which might hav, been an unpleasant one had his prospect, been contrary to what they weie. The ex pedition uneteï Colonel Herrick was ono o the most decidedly aggressive of those under taken under the auspices of the late Govern ¡ment, being into the very heart of the Uri weiacountiy. The position of the Waikar Lake is an important one, lying between th eolonial settlements of Wairoa andPoveit Bay on the one hand, and those of the Bayo Plenty on the other. Had tho colonial troop« howo\cr, succeeded in dislodging tho Ha« haus from their fastnesses there, they coull 'not very well have held them, except at gi eat cost. Unless there had been a grea slaughter or capture of Maories, the result of the expedition could hardly have justifie' its risks and great cost, , Armed constabulary occupy posts betweei the Taupo Lake and Napier, and between th same point and the confiscated'country oi the Bay of Plenty, in such a manner as t keep open communications in the rear of th Waikare Lake. It is not yet certainly knowi to what extent the little garrisons at thes posts are to,be withdrawn. It is stated however, that telegraphic communicatioi is to be carried through to Taupo, am it is highly probable that, however extensiv tho reduction of the forces may be, a militar; post will in future be permanently establishcl lhere. ) Titoko Waru, one of tho principal insm gent chiefs, when, last heard of was some ,where in the interior, behind the northen parts of tho Taranaki settlement, with ; rniserablo remnant of his band, hunted oui not only from the scene of his conquests, hu also fiom the old haunts of his tribe. So fa is he from showing signs of renewing th struggle at present, that another detachmon of his late followers has surrendered at Patea About a* fortnight sinco, Whaiematarangi, ; chief of the Pukakohe hapn, gave himself u at Patea, with forty-ono of his followors of whom nineteen were able-bodied men Colonel Lyon's expedition in search of litóla Warn, has'been abandoned for the piesent owing to tho inclerr.ent weather and th swollen state of the rivers. So numeious ai the prisoners becoming that what to do witl them is beginning to seriously tiouble the au thorities. A proposal has been made to talc them entirely under the caro of the Otag Executive. They could then bo employod n road-moking, and other works for which uti skilled labour is all that is required. Intelligence was received at Auckland oi the 5th of July of a fight at Taupo betweei Te Kooti's followers and the friendly Arawa: in which the latter had been defeated, witl the loss of eleven men. It was also reportei in Tauranga that some Arawas who paddlei along the eastern shores of Lake Taupo sav that one of>To Heuheu's principal pas hai been levelled, the occupants having disat peared, and' the ground being strewn wit! bloody garments and other marks of struggle. , About the 20th, ult. such alarming now was received.from the north respecting th mov ements of To Kooti and the attitude o the "VVaikatos and other hostile natives, that resolution t\as moved by Mr. Fox and se conded by Mr., Stafford, tho leader of th "Opposition, and adopted by both Housos o Pniliamcnt, praying His Excellency the Go vernor to lepresent to. Sir Trevor Chute K.C.B., tho disastrous ¡consequences whicl nuaht follow the. removal of the 18th Rogi .nient at that critical poriod ; and prayin; him, also, pending further reference to th Imperial Government, to move the Genora to accept tho responsibility of detaining on lcgiment v. ukin the colony, and to ossur him that the House would pay such sum a the Imperial Government might requiro fo the time tho troops wero detained, until it decision is niado known. . His Honour Dr. Featbcrston, superintend çnt of Wellington, New Zealand, arrrivci in Melbourne on Wednesday, August 4, to re quest Major-General Sir " Trevor Chute K.C.B., commander of Her Majesty's Forces to permit tho 18th 'Regiment to remain ii .New Zealand'duiing the present war^crisis ii abo Northern Island. Ho was eminent!; successful in his mission)-and thor ordo countermanding the departure of the troop for the present was forwarded by the'nox t 2jl 7 . j l . . -. " 1 .1 M 0 , w , ! . . j.i, , ., . Vi,' "'..'y '(; 'c Í jiciT jot «>.'.>« i« I boat,. Full information as to tho circum- stances that induced the New Zealaud Go- vernment to adopt such prompt and decided steps has not yet como to hand, but from i telegrams which b^vo been received it api pears that the chief Te Kooti, relying on the effect Of his successes on the minds of his'- ( race, entered the territory whero tho Moori. King exorcised^ immediate sway, and .de- manded that ho should endorse the move- ment, and take his place at its head. Tho King, guided hy" his uncle Tamati Ngapa-a, stood aloof, supported by a section of his clan ; but his other principal -advlserrRewi; tho.war chief, inV_8G4, is fetatfcd to havo openly gone "over to Te Kooti with 300 mon of the Ngatimaniapotos, various other "Waikato chiefs having preceded him. -> ' " ¡. ' ' On July 20, Lieut.-Colonel St.¡John,'who had command at Fort Galatea, which was'on part of the confiscated land in the Wo'kato, telegraphed to the Government that he had { < learnt that Tauranga, a settlement on'the east coast, was in a precarious state, as disaffected natives were prepared for a visit from tho enemy. Hakaria had written to them to join -him at Pute tive, and there was reason to bol'eve that most of them bad gone. A number of chiefs had also joined Te Kooti. News was received about the same time from Mi. Clarke, a civil commissioner, stationed not far from Whakatane, a rivor1 disemboguing on the east coast, to the effect that on July 11 the Uri ?weras (tho tribe of the Chatham' Island escapees), under the notorious Hau-hau leader Tamaikowha, wero ravaging the Upper-Wha katane Valley ; that cattle and horces were being driven off, and the Ngatipakeki (a small body of friendhes) were too weak to do anything. The following letter was found at Ohiua, in* Whakatane :-" Friends, wo have been here. The Europeans burned at Ruatu "'buna have been eaten by mc ; the Pakohas wero very fat. Friends, wo shall fight again in tbece days.-Erueti Tamaikowha.'' Later, Colonel St John wrote that Mr. Clarke had informed him hy letter that the Whakatane natives wore so cowed that they intended to abandon their pa, and that the Ohmomiotu natives were also in great dread. Steps were taken to prevent the abandonment of the pa. Te Kooti s force had in the meantime been increased by 100 Taupo natives. Later tele- grams stated that a body of the Arawa friendlieS, about ' 400 ' in number, well armed, well drilled, and having plenty of ammunition, had gone over to the enemy, though ' they had not joined Te Kooti. On 25th ult. news reached Auckland that on the previous day To Kooti had de- termined to attack Oiakaw, and that he was expected to persist in his design, notwith- standing Ngatiamaniapoto's resistance. ' It was considered that a collision between Te Kooti's party, which mustered about o00 armed men, and the Waikatos, was inevit- able. Later intelligence, howover, shows that, so far from a collision occurring, the Waikatos had coalesced with To Kooti, or the chief who had succeeded to his name and station, and bad mado bim their high priest, which, as it did not interfere with the dignity of King Tawhiao, who had held aloof lrom To Kooti, thinking ho designcd'to de- pose him, was all tho more likely to maintain' friendship between the two. Tho now-born friendship,' however, does not appoar to be lasting, for intelligence arrived a day or two ago to the effect that To Kooti had been ordered to leave Waikato, but before doing so he had burned the King's bouse. It wasalao reported that Rewi had become insane. A telegram dated August 2nd states that Te Kooti had left for Mokau, with 300 followers, and that Rewi had gone with him. There is, however, no certainty of tho truth of this report. Her Majesty's ship Challenger had proceeded to Tauranga, where an attack was threatened, and Colonel Harrington had a good body of mihtia on the Waikato frontier, in a position to keep the enemy in check. A serious riot had occurred at the Gate Pa, between the English and Irish sections of the constabulary, which ended in the whole garrison being dismissed from the service. Seveial natives have been arrested at Hamilton, in the «entre of tho Waikato country, carrying a considerable quantity of ammunition, obtained m Auck- land, to Te Kooti. . Such is a brief outline of the war news of the month, which it will bo seen was suffi- ciently serious to warrant tboiGovernment in making the application they did. i Another question which occupies tho atten- tion of politicians in NewiZealand almost as much as the interminable one of dofence is that of provincialism versus centralism. The i indefinite state in which the relative 1 owers of the Colonial and Provincial Go. rear xuir toworri'6t the aï- tkdlâT"*_ts tlfi_ now the Colonial Government and Legislature have the power to interfere with and over- ride the minor Governments and councils on every point that comes within their jurisdic- tion, i j i Aftei detailing a long list of troubles and domestic difficulties, it is gratifying to be able to record the incieasing importance and richness of the New Zealand gold-fields. A Inrge number of claims on the Thames Gold- field have proved exceedingly rich of date. The success of tho Long Drive claim, how- ever, is worthy of being specially chronicled. First fairly to work in April, it turned out up to the end of June 0,375oz. 7dwt. of gold. The quantity of silver iu the Thames gold is very largo, so that tho duly-paid value of this Inige yield is only estimated at something under £17,000. The total capital involved is, however, only £4,000 (paid-up), so that the proportionate return is decidedly of an< ex- citing character. The dividends paid in Juno alone amounted to £6,000. The shares £3 0s. 8d. (paid up) stood at £65 when our last mail left Auckland. Prince Alfred and others of the Galatea's company purchased shaTesin this mino before they leftAucklaud at £50. Their reminiscences of Now Zealand are therefore likely to be of the pleasantest character. On July 7th, 2,093oz. of gold were obtained from a parcel of specimens from this claim weighing only 6501b. Other yields of almost unparalleled richness havo been ob- tained from the samo claim; 2,03Goz. 13dwt. of retorted gold were obtained from 4601b. of stone, a few days after the above-mentioned magnificent yield. ' A perfect wall of gold, it is said, has been struck in Hunt's claim. Some rich ground has been opened on a river about twenty miles south of West Wanganui, and has attracted about seventy miners. It is said that a party of four men obtained 140oz. of íoughgoldin four days. Auriferous quartz has been dis coveied in several blocks in the Waitakerei district. The result of a crushing of quartz obtained at tho Bay of Islands was very satis- factory, yielding on the average over 2<oz. to the ton. ' There, seems a considerable prospect of a valuablo'gold-field being found in the Mare whenua district, about forty miles fiom Oamaru. About 100 men are at work, and doing very well. Some very good specimens of auriferous quaitz have been found. Two smart shocks of earthquake were experienced during the month-ono at Chiist Church and the other at Taranaki, but they were not sufficiently severe to do any damage. TOE DIAMOND MINES. Last month wo announced some rather im- portant diamond discoveries on the Cudge- gong River, about twenty-five miles from Mudgee, New South Wales, by a prospecting party sont out from Melbourne; and also stated that a company had been started with a capital of £50,000, in £1 shares, to work the supposed minc. Since then the company in question-the Austialian Diamond Mines Company- has heeu completed, and the re- quisite officers appointed, During the month the diiectors have been principally devoting their attention to making the necessary ar- rangements for carrying on the works "on ah enlarged scale. Two of Hunt's machines have just been completed at Messrs. Humblo's Foundry, Geelong, and were tried on Tuesday in tho presence of sevoral persons inteiested in mining pursuits, giving entire satisfactions In the meantime Mr. Hunt has not been idle on tho company's ground, having obtained hinco the departuro of the last mail 119 diamonds, ono of them-the largest hitherto found in this part of I the world-weighing five carats and a half and an eighth. It is almost a perfect octahedion, and will scarcely require any polishing at the hands of tho lapidary. It has been purchased by Mr. Crisp, of this city, and goes home by the mail. Mr. Hunt has also raised several hundred loads of dirt ready to put through, the largo machines; ho estimates from it a j ield of 4dwt. of gold, and from two to three diamonds per load. The machines now ready to ho shipped will put through twenty loads each per day. > The operations of tho company ha\ e naturally turned people's atten- tion to an enterprise which has heretofore been neglected. Tho search for diamonds seems to bo becoming more general, and wo aie beginning to hear of places wheio gems ha^ e been found, but until the prosont had not been thought woithy of much considera- tion.- The Cudgegong Rivor' is tho 'locality which just now excites'most attention. Lately1 as many as sixty-five acres of ground wero takenup there iu a Bingle week by parties who intended to minc for diamonds ; andintho neighbouring gold-mining claims the diggers aro looking out for tho precious stones as wel' as gold. "Tailings," which were'íórmeriy regarded as worthless, and thrown into the rivcr,y,are .found,worth, examining for^the sako.of ithe'gems they-contain. GemS'of vaiiouá '.sorts -,hav£ been discovered^ in this neighbourhood from time to time, and1 it is stated by the local paper that coloured'vatones^moro orless^valuable, have been found ljn the-Cudgegong River, from Stone Pinch to where the stream joins the_ Macquarie," or distance -of~eightr miles. A Sydney firm-Franck Brothers-who have taken up ground alongside the Australian Company-have'Trret with"diamonds of~very-" pure water, and ranging from half a carat to a carat and a half in ,weigbt. ¡They were, found by men who were giving their atten- tion chiefly to gold prospecting'. Besides dia- ' monds, .what is called gemidand,-has been' found in, considerable quantities.» It con- tains a great many stones of ' different colours, and. . when placed under a glass, sparkles with diamonds of minute form, valued at £600 pçr punco. In a short time, , when the various parties now prosecuting the search for diamonds on the Cudgegong have got their appliances fairly into working older, no doubt people will bo better able to estimate , the value of the discovery. J ' . '. Thoro will soon be two companies in the field, for, in addition to the Australian Com- pany, the prospectus of trio Mudgee Company has been issued in Melbourne, and the shares oro being eagerly applied for. ;Tho projectors of tho Mudgee Company havo already secured a lease of the giound they purpose working. Diamonds havo befcn found at Brooke's Creek, near Gundaroo. At Tambaroora, which is not far from Mudgee, there aie workings at a place called Two-mile-flat, and operations are daily increpsing. A late repoit Btates,that nearly every gold minor's fadings, when ex- amined, have been found to contain diamonds and'other precious stones. A Mr. Scott found eight diamonds in ono day. Lumps of magnetic iron-the matrix of diamonds -havo been brought into Yass from a, place eighteen miles distant in the direction of Burrowa, and the discovery of a diamond mine in that direction may yet have to be chronicled. From the tailinss of the gold-mines at Dry Creek, near Mansfield, in this colony, every vaiiei-y of gem which has been found at Mudgee, except the diamond, has been picked up in'quantities'by'curious persons ; and lately a fine specimen i>f the white topaz was discovered in the drift-sand of the Broken River at Mount Battery. Tho diamond and white topaz arogenereUy found together. The most remarkable event in the way of diamond discoveries, however, has been the finding of a supposed diamond, of the extra- ordinary weight of 7os5. 14dwt. The stone was discovered about a fortnight ago, by a Mr. Townsend, between Bendemeer and Armidale, in the New England district of New South Wales. It arrived in Sydney on Wednesday last It was detained at the Minc, in consequence of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company claiming 2s. Gd. per cent, freight. This has, however, beon arrangée! thiourçh the Bank of New South Wales, and tho stone is to be examined by the Rev. W. B. Clarke. The disco- very has caused considerable excitement, and. people are naturally impatient at the delay in ascertaining whether or not a real diamond has been found. Tho stone is in size about as largo as a turkey's egg, and of a bimilar shape. Several tests wero applied to ii up-country; and the confidence of the manager of tho Bank of New South Wales at Arandale was such that he advanced £700 upon it. Mr. Townsend has been for some time engaged in searching for diamonds, and been fairly 'successful, having discovered several of the finest water, though of small SÍ70. ' A correspondent has supplied us with a brief description of the part of tho Mudgee district in which the diamond discoveries havo been found, from which it appears that Two-mde-llat, where gold-mining operations are carried on, is twenty-five miles west of Mudgee, on the Cudgegong River, and was once a thriving diggings township. At pre- sent, however, the population is small, on account of the greater part of the land being in the hands ot settlers. The alluvial sink- ings are on the tops of ranges, of trap rock. At an average depth of sixty feet a dry gravel w ash is struck, varying from one to three feet deep and 200 feet to 300 feet wido, and it is covered by a gold-bearing layer of cement from a foot to eighteen inches thick. In this deposit the diamonds and other precious stones are found. The waterholes in which objects ot intëres*t?"ôn account of the dia- monds and other gorns that aro supposed to have been left there with the "tailings." Nearly the entire course of the Cudgegong, from its source to its junction with the Mac- quarie, has fallen into the hands of agricul- tural and grazing selectors, who are not dis poccd to place facilities in the way of miners ; but their aversion may be overcome MEAT-PRESERVING. The continued demand at home for Aus tiahan preseived meats is stimulating manu- facturers to greater 'exertions, and inducing the embarcation of a largo amount of capital in similar enterprises. Several' new com- panies have been already foi med since the new trade commenced to assumo large pro- portions, and others are projected. It is pro- bable that operations will still fuither be increased in a short time, as the stock markets aro low at present, and piices are likely to continue moderate for some months to come. The cattle are very fat, too, just now. The Melbourne Meat-preserving Com- pany, since they recommenced operations, liavo already shipped home upwards of &7a,00ûlb. oi preserved meat, the whole, of which met iwith a ready sale at good prices. Their agents recommend them to ship much larger quantities than they can at present tupply. At a dinner lecently given by the employes to commemorate -the esta- blishment of the company, the chair- man of the boaid of directors stated that trade was thriving, and that though 10,000 or 11,000 tins of meat could be turned out of the woiks every week, yet there was a de- mand on the other side of the water for 100,000 tins a week. The Victorian Meat preserving Company is also doing a veiy large trade. In a period Attie over twelve months they havo, disposed of, in the colony and at home, nearly £30,000 worth of meat. By the last mail, a letter was received from the secretary of the Loids of the Admiralty, which encourages tho company to hope that they may soon receive further orders to sup- ply a portion of the Royal navy with pre- seived meats. Aheady they have been autho- rised to supply the flying squadron with this article of iood when it arrives here. In his lett«, the sccietary stated that ho had been dnected to request the Agent goneral of Victona to forward to the superintendent of the Royal Victoria Yard, Deptford, the cask of preserved meat that the company had ssnt to tho Admiralty for trial. It was proposed to fairly test the meat, and to communicate the result to the company. Should the trial be satisfactoiy, it is not at all improbable that the company will receive a large order. Iho excellence of our preserved meats is attracting attention in other parts of the world besides England. A large order has been received by one of the Victorian com- panies from New Caledonia, so that there is little fear at present of the market bein» overstocked with this new article of export. It is proposed to form a company at Echuca, with a nominal capital of £10,000, in 2,000 shares of £5 each. Opeiations will be com- menced as soon as 1,000 shares aro subtcribed for. It would be difficult to find a bettor sito for carrying on such an enterprise, so that the company ought to bo successful. A company is being got up at Geelong, with a capital of £15,000, and 8CD shares weie applied for before the scheme was even laid before the public. The time for closing the share-list has been ex- tended, in order to give all persons interested an opportunity of aiding in the enterprise. A sufficient number of shares in the Warr- nambool Meat-pieserving Company have beon taken up to warrant the directors in com- ' mencing operations immediately, aud an eli- gible pieco of ground has been selected as the Mtc of the buildings, for the erectionof which (endeis have been called.' A company is pro- jected at Hamilton, so that it .will bo seen that Victorian capitalists are quito alivo to the necessity of securing a fair proportion of the new trade that has sprung up. Thomethod adopted by the Refrigerating Steamship Com- pany m New York for conveying cargoes of iresh meat from Texas is attracting some at- tention here, but no fuither steps have been yet taken to prepare meat for shipment in bulk. THE GOLD-FIELDS. , i Tho quartz-mines of Ballarat havo mono- polised a large'share of attention during the month, and there has been a considerable amount of* speculation 'in new companies. Tho Nightingale clajm promises to bo atiotjipr Ballarat celebrity. There is a possibility that, either a peculiar turn m tho 61d Golden Point gutter hos been missed by tho old miners, or that a main lead of almost equal sue and value to that famous gutter .has entirely es enped their obseh- yatioH.I^At-a point a little way to .the west arid j?ôuth of the Nightingale shaft «the »Golden'Point lead, took a sudden turn, " .known oakthe j horseshoe bend, and turned back to a northerly course : to the noith-west of the same shaft the Nightinßalo lead came in, and, as was supposed, joined tim Golden Point; while just at the'turn ia tho latter the Malakoff lead carno and joined it ako ; end it was to work tho reef ground to the east of tho Golden Toitít gutter that the Nightingale shaft was sunk". Tho'dilvcs of 'the Nightingale" Company have, however, been csTied westerly, a largo field of wash dirt having been found in thatdireotion, until, tljcy reached^a point about IiqIE way across the horseshoo bend, whore a jump-up was put up and rich washdirt struck close over- head. A drive was then! coiitinued northerly from the main level, which dipped away about nine feet in rtwenty-five, and brought tho men into a rich gutter wash, which, being ,a|liltle deeper than the Golden Point old workings, has led to the conclusion that it is roally that lead, and that the horseshoo bond which was followed round by the old minors ,is' the courso of the Nightingale or tho Mala- koff leads on a very flat fork of ground. If this theory be incorrect, there is but one other-namely, that it is a large tributary of the old lead, ora new mam lead, altogether, coming in from the north or north-west. Finding that the latter was possible, the com- pany not long ago applied for and obtained possession of the old claim of the New Lady Don Company, in which there are about sixty acres of land in which a pick or shovel was never put except on tho surface, and an at tomptto obtain possession of this ground bya jumping party was abandoned by the latter. Besides this, several other attempts have been mado by promoters to take up giound within thefNightingalo boundaries, but these have resulted in foiluie, and theil title is pro- nounced to be unpssoilablo, and the amal- gamation with the New Lady Don Company's ground to be legal and correct. Although the Vale-paik rush-if it can de- serve that name-is not an extensile one, or likely to last long, the washdirt is so rich in the centre of the gutter (whioh,is said to be very narrow) that strenuous efforts will be made to got it ; and it is not at all improbable that some serious fights ,may_ take place about it. The land through which tho lead has been traced is partly a reserve and partly a proclaimed road, and that through which it is expected to run is partly freehold, and partly held under the 42nd clause ; as nico a complication of titles as the most astuto lawyer cpuld, wish." .Further news from tim Sodawatei Springs alluvial diggings confirms all that has hitherto been reported. The only difficulty is the water, which is very heavy ; but perhaps when half-a-dozen parties get to work simultaneously, theio may not bo so much trouble in keeping it down. A telegram has been received in town from the Ballarat and Bendigo Company (lato Bag- shot Company), to the effect that two feet of washdirt had been struck, showing good pro- spects of gold, at a depth of 120ft. This mino was bought about the middle of Juno last, by some plucky speculators, for £10,000, it having remained in an unproductive state for ten years. Some excellent yields aro repotted from Wood's Point. A parcel of 320oz. of gold fiom a new and hitherto unknown claim was lodged in the Union Bank a few days ago by Messrs. Stander and Judo, the fortunate pro proprietors. A later telegram states that tho new reef from which the gold was obtained is situate about forty yards distant from tho Royal Standard, and that the gold was the product of the first crushiug of eighty tons of stone. Besides the 322oz. of retorted gold, the owners have several magnificent spe- cimens. ' A systematic search is about to be made in the Beechworth division of the Ovens district for a tin lode, diamonds, and precio is stones. A diamond- collecting machine will be at work at Sebastopol shortly, and experienced men will bo employed to search the ranges between the Pilot and Beechworth for tia ore. Mr. J. W. Hunt, of Ballarat, known ia connexion Mitk the diamond mines of Mudgee, New South Wales, has been attracted to the Ovens district by the fame of the Wool- shed Creek, which has yielded so many gems without any systematic search what- ever. Mr. J. W. Hunt has already applied for three leases of ground -the one at the Woolshed, the one at Sebastopol, theotherat Young's Creek-with a view to prospect and utiuvU lur urerirms Rfrmca. He pulposos to take up a large quantity of ground m different ports of the district, and to form a company, not only to secure'gold, but to exploro for precious stones and tin-oro. A lush has taken place to the sandy rise between the Victoria Flat and Dead Horse Gully, M'Ivor. Several parties are getting gold in from 3ft. to oft. sinking. Rawes and Huston, tho prospectors, aro getting about 3dwt. to the tub. Mr. John Crosbie has got a good piospect. Mr. Brookes, iu addition to some fine gold, obtained a nugget weighing loz. 3dwt. Several other paities are getting from idwt. to 3dwt. to the tub; The imIi on the Kilmore-road is redeeming its promises ; ieieial new danns haye bepn applied for. The recent discoveries of gold in Tasmania havo atti acted the uotico of Victorian capi- talists. On the 11th inst. a gentleman left Melbourne by the Derwent, at the request of a number of Melbourne and Ballarat specu- lator, foi the purpose of visiting the gold- fields in question. Should ho be satisfied with the piospect that they afford, ho is empowered to take up ground with a view to tho investment of Victorian capital. It is to be hoped, for the sake of Tasmania her- self, that these gold-fields may turn out to be really valuable, and thus give a fresh stimulus to the prosperity of. that colony, which of lato has been rather on the wane. Mr. Hunt's new patent, machines for saving gold and precious stones, which cost him some thirtyyears to perfect, have recently had a very successtul trial. Mr. Hunt placed two rubies, two sapphires, and a topaz in the íofuse in the feeder, and these weio re- gained after passing through the machines. A few particles of gold were also thrown in and recovered. 'Mr. Hunt gained much ex- perience on the continent,- where ho was for j ears manager of some silver and lead mines. Whilst thus engaged, a friend sent him somo stuff from Tasmania, from which ho pro- cured, by means of his patent, some fifteen gems, the greater propoi tion being sapphires, and it was this which induced him to visit Australia. He is now receiving orders from all pa'ts of the colony for the machines, and his exertions aro likely thus to meet with duo reward. AGRICULTURE. The winter is passing over most favourably foi the agriculturist. A few days since tho , thermometer was at the lowest point over registered heie, and there were more frosty nights in succession than is usual with us, but nothing suffered except some of tho tender or semi-tropical garden plants and shrubs. Tho field)crops aro most healthy, and well advanced for the time of the year, and there has been no continuance of rain to delay the farmor with his ploughing and bowing operations. Thus, although hindered for a whilo for want of rain in autumn, he has more than made up for lost time, and it has seldom or never happened before that so much of the important field-woik has been got through by the beginning of August. We oven hear of the sowing of seed for wet crops having been commenced, the present being fully a month before the time generally thought ne- cessary for that. So far, the'winter has been rather too dry for parts of this and tho neigh- bouring colony of Soutb Australia ; but, on the whole, the crops promise unusually well, and, oven if the spring should bo too dry, the iarmers aiolnostly in a position to suffer less than if they weio as backward >vith| {heir crops as thej sometimes aie. Prices of tno pimcipal articles of producé have undergono little change for tw o or threo months'past. Wheat is offuied so sparingly that tho millers , aie obliged to grind as fu^as they can get it, jet so sure as an attempt is mado to advance prices, as certainly. does j the arrival of a 'eaigo or _two of bieadstuffs from Cali- fornia nip' in tho bud tho incipient spint of speculation. The arrivals have not been as yet numeious enough to bring prices down for more than a few days at a time, but this causes buyeis to hold back, or keep their transactions vtithin tho low est possible limits ; for,, if any quantity of wheat or flour does como in from San Francisco our markets must bo' seriously depressed, unless the sta- tistics err widely. According to these, last harvest gavo us enough or nearly enough, for our own consumption, yet over since wo haie been'importing steadily from South Australia, and stocks in the hands of millers and dealers wero never lower, nor showed less tendency to accumulation. Already have arisen sei eral alarms of a large importation 'fiom California, and al consequent fall»in . prices ; still, the glower's do not increase tho _ supplie», which they would bo'likely to do it ^ ,tluy bad any great quantity" remaining uusold. , j io i "Hill«J ' A<»\iM ^r^licäoJy, though very slowly, im «rînff in value, and it was known from the f?>â the yield of this gram..was short. É. ti,n shipments from, tue /neighbouring Blnto Abe-en larger 'than waV drit ci $3 and now feeding grams are beginning . "¿«forward in quantity from California. ÄT too proves to be tolerably abundant Ï Kpw'South Wales": and af the same' priço ^r hmhel. bat «di tim weight so greatly m Í favour this ¿rair^takes the,place of,oats K- in the feedins of draught ,horsos. K rho advance of tho season dairy produce . Iii .J~" m»'e reasonable in brice again, u"i, ¡> jles arc both cheap and abundant, a I? innds of jplendid cabboges,, cauliflowers,, ni turn«" selling for littlo-more thaw the SJofVcndinif them .to market. 'But pork, . ri inn iu value, for sinco tho importation of wnn and hamshas beenso seriously reduced, m have been eating our';pi3s faster than wo Mcicascthem. In addition to those bred in trioda Hie steamers from Now South Wales mi Tasmania bring droves, to Melbourne Jchv week, yet the pnce nses, and herein S bo a modo of turning all onr surplus Jtniii to good account if noxt harvest is as hree as many are almost beginning to fear it mil be Fat sheep are becoming wore abun- dant and tho prices will' shortly admit of meat- preserving being carried out to tho fullest extent of which the presont establish- ments are capable. New companies aro in Toarse of formation in almost every impor- tant district, whether on the sea or inland, but there v> ill bo a difficulty in getting cora «tait managers for all theso, so that some oltbc meat we shall bo sending home a fow months hence must he taken on its merits.and Ile country not condemned for the faults of tho<=c who do not know how tb preserve it Indeed, that has been the chief difficulty from the first : and we may assure our Eng- lish readers that all. or nearly all, the meat itbich has lately reached them in doubtful, orirorse than doubtful, condition, 'was good, and such as would have satisfied them well, could they obtain it as it fell into the hantls oltlie experimental curers, and spoilers, hero. Hoiraer, «carelearning by experience, and this season the now-established companies w11 send home none of a doubtful character. Grass for the stock is still tolerably abundant, but ninny of the settlers haye saved little water against shearing time, 'arid much moro rain is needed to leave a full supply for wash- ing the sheep. Shearing may be said to be commencing in the early parts of New South Wales, and next month will commence in "is colony. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the Government railways for the «eck ending the 29th July, show a steady increase over the corresponding week cf last j ear in all tho principal branches of rcicnue. In the passenger traffic the returns aie almost equal for the two periods, the re- dira being for the week ending the 29th July, £2,897 5s. 7d" against £2,89517s. for the cor jrojonding week last year, showing an ad-" i ¿ce of HI 8s. 7d. The return for mails, ttnts, &c.;, shows a falling off, but the total return is a small one. Tho revenuo from this branch last week was £128 2s. 6d. against £24219s. Id., the return for the correspond- ing week of last year, showing a falling off in the return of £114 10s. lOd. The returns for tlio carriage of goods and minerals is £fi,64S3s. 2d., as against £5,802 10s. 6d. last jeir, showing an increase of £845 12s. 8d. for the week. 'J he revenuo derived from tho carriage of cattle, amounts to £649 14s., against £534 3s. 3d. lost year, showing an in- crease in this branch of £115 10s. Od. Tho total returns for the week amount to £10,572 7s. 10d., as aiainst £9,740 0s. 7d., showing an increase of £820 7s. 3d. The aggregate re- turns to date amount to £320,118 10s. Id., as against £310,495 3s. 5d. last year, showing an increase on the returns to date of £9,023 12s. td. The weekly average (thirty weeks), is £10,8?« 12s. lid., against £10,649 16s. 9d. last year, ¡¡honing a weekly increase of £320153. I'd. to date. The lclunis of the Melbourne and Hobson's Day United Railway Company for the week ending 29th July show a falling off in the retains from the passenger traffic, but the returns for the week, and the average weekly returns to date for the year, show a fair in- crease over the corresponding period last jcar. 'flic returns from the passenger traffic for the week ending 29th July amounts to £1,10110s., as against £1,131 13s. 5d. last jcar, showing a falling off in this branch of the company's returns of £27-3s. 5d. The retenue derived from the carriage of mer- chandise is £70815s. 10d., against £517 18s. Id. fortho coirt'suonding week of last year. The aggregate returns from , July 1, 18G9, amounts to £10,043 Is. Sd., against £8,95210s. for the same period lost year, showing an increase in the returns of £1,G90 los. 8d. The steekly average amounts to £2,569 0s. 4d., against £2,088 Ws. 8d. lost year, showing au increase of £480 0s. 8d. per week. ' , THE LABOUR MARKET. The last month shows but a very slight change in the rate of wages since our sum- mary, by last mail. Large numbers of labour- ing men and shearers have started for the Riverine stations in search of employment daring the ensuing shearing season. In some of the stations further north shearing has already commenced, but the general rate per 100 has not been fixed. It is expected that if the present dry wea- ther continues the amount of labour re- quired by the sheep farmers during the ap- proaching shearing will be very much re- duced, as the supply of water will be too short for washing the sheep. Tradesmen in every branch can easily find employment at remunerative wages; in unskilled labour the supply is slightly in excess of the demand. For clerks, bookkeepers, &c.;, the supply is greatly in excess of the demand, and the rates rule correspondingly low. In farming the de- mand is at present slack, but as most of the extra hands have gone up the country for the shearing season there has been no altera- tion in the rate of wages. Single female servants for the country and married couples without encumbrance are in as great request as ever. The following are the rates of wages: —Stonemasons and bricklayers, 10s. per day; carpenters, 9s. do.; builders' labourers, 7s. do.; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 per annum; shep- herds, from £20 to £40 do.; lads for country, 5s. to 10s. per week; general farm servants, 12s. 6d. to 15s. do.; ploughmen, 15s. to 20s. do.; fencers, 1s. to 2s. per rod; grub- bers, 4s. and upwards per rod, or by contract; gardeners, for town, 20s. to 30s. per week with rations; do., for country, 15s. to 25s. do.; grooms, for town, 15s. to 25s. do.; do., for country, 15s. to 20s. do.; do., for livery stables, 30s. to 40s. do.; woodsplitters, 3s. 6d. per ton, and by contract; brickmakers, 18s. to 20s. per 1,000, with rations; married couples (first class), £70 to £90 per annum; do. (second class), £40 to £55 do.; single female servants, for country (good), £35 to £40 per annum; do., for town, £26 to £30 do.; do., for country (second class), £25 to £30 do.; nursemaids, for town, £25 to £30 do.; do., for country, £30 to £35 do.; men cooks, for hotels, £1 to £4 per week; female cooks, £40 to £80 per annum; do., for country, £35 to £40 do.; housemaids, for the country, £30 to £35 do.; do., for town, £25 to £35 do. TEE PUBLIC HEALTH. Though the weather during the past month has bein unusually inclement,' pnd many pcreons labouring under chronic complaints ha\e experienced its effects severely, yet the bills of mortality do not indicate any appre- ciable alteration in the average condition of the public health. Of small-pox, chicken pox, or other epidemics, there' has not beon a repon of a tingle case during the month. AU traces of varioloid disease would seem to toe totally, and it is'to bo hoped, finally, disappeared. The active sanitary measures that are being had recourse to ia'the'City and outljmg districts cannot fail to materially" rsfwerato its virulence and arrest its progress ".should that plague again visit our shores during the approaching warm season. The Central Board of Health has certainly not been unmindful of its duties of late, and its exertions havo been well seconded 'by the various local boards. * No general compre Jiensne plan, however, has yet been initiated by which the River Yarra can be protected irorn the multitudinous sources of pollution ?winch exist upon its banks, and which must necessarily increase as the city and suburbs extend m that direction. Attention has lately been directed to the dangerous effects arising from the lagoons situate in the vicinity oi. many suburban boroughs, and which re- cen e a considerable portion of tho drainage »ora the surrounding localities. Steps'are einig taken to íemovo so fruitful a source of contagion and .disease, during the summer í¡f°?i ,, I'l'o proposal of the Central-Board m Health to extend tho .provisions of Part "?« the Amending Public Health Statute, i°w, to the various shires,and road districts in tue colony, has been favourably îeceivod by Tint 0,01veTrnent, and directions given to nat c tho local bodies interested communi- cated with on the subject. u . SPORTING. The month has been a dull one in sporting matters,-but considerable interest has begun to' he 'manifested ;in the Randwick'Spring Meeting, to.bo held af Sydney on the 4th, 9th, 10th, and 11th of September, which pro- mises to be ono of the most successful that has ever taken place in the sister colony, and it ia satisfactory to find that it will not be deprived of the intercolonial character which' usually attaches itself to this very popular race meeting, as Victoria will be strongly're- presented by the horses belonging to Messrs. ' Fisher, Craig, and Keighran, including Lamp- lighter, Charon, and Mosaniollo (engaged in the A. J. C. Derby and Metropolitan Stakes), and Blondin, Kingfisher, Albany, and Rag- picker (ongaged in the Metropolitan). Very favourable leports havo been receivetl of tho progress of the Derby colts, Larnpb'ghtor and Charon, and tho lucky purchase of Mr. Fisher, Blpndin-who performed so orodit ably on the Victorian turf last season-is said to bo in grand form. Gasworles and My Dream are both entered'for the Metropolitan Stakes, but their starting for tho scone of operations is considered to be somewhat doubtful, although tho favourable weight upon Gasworks would enable her to make a very respectable show against the Sydney cracks. There wero some amateur races at Ballarat on the 5th insfc., which attracted about 2,000 people. ' The Corinthian Hurdle Race was won by Yorksbiroman ; a match between Standard Bearer and Tim Whifller, by the former ; the steeplechase by Maude, and the Ladies' Gift by Sultan. Somo athletic sports on the Collingwood cricket ground, on the 24th ult, drew to- gether a large assemblage of spectators. Fully 4,000 wero within the enclosure, and there were about as many outside. Tho velocipede races, which were the principal items on the programme, proved to a great extent failures, only one contest out of about nino occa- sioning any excitement. , The one referred to was a final heat between Mr. J«"inlay's Barb 'and Mr. Wnrnock's Emerald-hiU, the former giving 200 yardsstart, and winning easily. The ground was not suitable for the velocipedes, being somewhat "bumpy." A walking-match and several foot-races took place, the hurdle race being won by J. G. Harris. There was not time to complete the programme, and, therefore, the " Velocipede, Tournament " and the velocipede exhibition had to be post- poned to a future day. The acceptances for the Melbourne Cup wero duly posted on the 11th instaUt, and general satisfaction was expressed at the largo number of horses left in, no less than fifty-eight having paid up. This number will bear favourable comparison with former years. Of the horses that have cried content, nineteen belong to New South Wales, one to New Zealand, ono to South Australia, five to Tasmania, and the remainder to Victoria. THE" THEATRES. The theatrical events of the month have been the appearanco of Mr. Frank Drew, brother to the late John Drew, the celebrated Irish comedian ; and the return of Mr. Har- wood, of the Theatre Royal, who left this colony for England in February last in search of fresh dramatic talent. Mr. Drew, the first of Mr. narwood's importations, has not been a success. Ho was introduced with a great flourish of trumpets as a star actor in Irish comedy. He completely failed m this line of business, but it was found towards the close of his fortnight's engagement at the Theatre Royal that he could play Lorenz Hartmann, in " Helping Hands ;" Mons. Jacques, in the little French drama of that name ; and Solon Shingle, in "The Yankee Teamster," very fairly. Mr. Harwood made his first appearance since his return from England last Saturday, in the builesque of "The Siege of Troy." In the course of an address to the audience, he told thom that the stock companies in Australia were ai good, in fact hotter, than tho stock companies at home. This was also the opinion of Mr. Bairy Sullivan, Mr. Andeison, Lady Don, and Madame Celeste, whom he had met duiing his visit. Mr. Har- wood has been severely taken to task by the press for the boastful and self-laudatory cha- racter of his address. Special peiforruanccs were given at the Theatre Royal on the 22nd ulfc. in con- nexion with the newly-formed Old Colonists' Association, Mr.- Coppin, one of its most active membeis, who has undertaken to pro- vide the funds for No. 1 alrashouse, appearing in six separate characters. The house was crowded in all parts ; and it is satisfactory to know that Mr. Coppin's charitable project will receive veiy material aid from the pro- ceeds of the entertainment. A featuie of the performances was the re appearance of two of tho old theatrical identities of the city-Mr. Richard Capper, ivho enacted Christopher Granite, originally performed by him in 1841, in "Hercules, King of Clubs," the first dra- matic representation that over took place in Melbourne ; and Mrs. Avins, who played Mrs. Rarasbottom on the first pioduction of the piece. The character of the performance was well adapted for tho display of Mr. Cop pin's versatility, and he kept the audienco in a continual simmer of merriment through- out. When the curtain fell upon tho second piece, Mr. G. W. Rusden came forwaid and delivered an address, which was very well receh ed. It is extremely probable that another troupe of Japaneso jugglers, who are to surpass all similar performances yet known to the " bar- barians," will visit us Bhortly. Mr. Kirby, aaent in Japan for Mr. J. W. Smith, who intioduced to Victoria the only company of "Japs." worthy tho name, has written to his principal by the last mail, stating that he has engaged a number of performers from Osaka, and brought there to Yokohama, whose "talent " is far superior to that of any company yet taken out of Japan. Mons, and Madame Simonsen, who have lcccntly returned to the colony, havo been ghing musical entertainments at the Prin- cess's Theatre, assisted by Heir Staab and others, but the public support they met with was not commensurate with the gteat merit of the performances. Weston and Hussoy's minstrel troupe con- tinues to draw full houses at St, Georgo's ha'l. DEATHS IN TnE MELBOURNE HOS- PITAL. The following is a list of the deaths that have taken place in the Melbourne Hospital, since our last summaiy, specifying 09 far as is known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : Allison, Kate, age unknown, nativo of Dub- lin ; arrived in 1853, ship unknown ; died on the 22nd July, of phthisis. Beaton, Clara, or Bridget Gordon, aged Ü6, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1854, ship un- known ; died on the 19th July, of delirium titmens and debility from drink. Bulling, Ellen, domestic, aged 27, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1858, ship unknown; died on the 17th July, of phthisis. Buckley, Wm., sea- man, aged 20, native of Belfast : arrived in Mistiess of tho Seas in 1SC3 ; died on 10th August of phthisis. Crawford, Samuel, miner, aged 34, native of Scotland ; arrived in Swedenborg, date un- known; died July 22. Costini, Kate, do- mestic, aged 37, native oE Ireland ; arrived in the Marco Polo 18G3 ; died 23rd July. Cull, William, theatrical profession, aged 42, native of London : arrived in the Java in 1850 ; died 28th July, of jaundice Crowley, John, seaman, aged 33, native of America ; arrived in the Nelson in 1859 ; died on 7th August of aneurism of the aorta. Ewings, George, shoemaker, aged 54 years, natue of Cumberland; arrived in the Asia in 1839 ; died on July 19 of aneurism of the abdominal aorta. Foley, William, cigar-maker, aged 47 years, native of London ; arrived in the Elephan- tine in 1811 ; died on August 7. Grimes, Cecilia, aged 43 years, native of London : arrived in the Lysander in 1841 ; died on August 2 of paralysis and sanguineous apoplexy. Hag, Jacoh, gardener, aged 55 yeais, nativo of Germany; arrived in 1862, ship unknown ; died on 5th August of tumour on tho neck. Halter, Henry, labouror, aged 38 yoars, nativo of Sussex ;'arrived in the Maitland in 1854 : died on 19th July of disease of tho liver and kidneys. Hamilton, Hannah, ago unknown, native of Germany ; arrived in 1819t ship un- known ; died on 25th« July of phthisis. Hunt, Maiy, o-îed 47 years, native of Dorsetshire : arrived "in the Duchess of Northumberland in 1819 ; died on 31st July of disease of tho kidneys and dropsy. Jordan, Elizabeth, domestic, ago 30, native of Cornwall ; anived in the African 1S63 ; died on 28th July, ot fever. . Ljons, John, teacher, aged 70, native of Ireland ; arrived in the Turon 1857 j dieel on 1st August, of, chronic bronchitis and , dianhcoa. , > Morgan, Edwin, mason, aged 00, native or Gloucestershire ; arrived 1839, ship unknown; died 0th August. ' .*! , , > . "i Omer, Edward, miner, ,aged 58, native of London ¡/arrivedlin thq-Liura 1852 ; died on 27th July,j>f disease of-tlie_heart- Osborne^ aged 30,.native of Ireland; arrived in',the Carpontariaf ; year unknown ; died on 4th August of disease of tho right lung. Smith, John, labourer,'aged 45 years, native of Suffolk; arrived in the Fairy in 1849; died on 29th July. Sharp, John, horsotrainer, aged 65 years, nativo of Yorkshire ; arrived in the Frances Thorpe in 1809 ; died on 31st July of paralysis. Stapleton, John, slater, aged 38 years, native of London ; arrived -in t£¡e Blackwall in 1852 ; died on 2nd August of disease of the liver and lungs., " Taylor, Wm., groom, age 40'years,' native of' London ; arrived in tue Anglesey ia 1852 ; died on the 3rd August of phthisis. Thomson, Mary Ann, age 23 years, native of Scotland : arrived in the Mary Pleasant in 1859 ; died on 2nd August of phthisis. ¡Williams, Louisa, domestic, ago 39 years; native of Jersey ; ship, and time of arrival unknown, died on 11th August of phthisis. i MARITIME INVESTIGATIONS. CHABQE AGAINST A. CAPTAIN. An inquiry was held" before the Steam Navigation Board on the 4th August and following days into charges of drutikenness and incapacity preforred against Captain Hounsell, of the ship Marpesia. The Mar pesia sailed from Liverpool on the 2nd May, and arrived in nobson's Bay on July 20. The evidence against the captain was that 'ho had been seen several times by the chief mate the worse from drink, and twice tho- roughly drunk and lying on tho deck. On the 27th May, at half-past ten p.m., when the ship was in the south east trades, the foretop gallant-yard was carried away. Tho captain came up to him, and, with an oath, asked him why he did not toll him (the captain) that the tt>U was carried away. Tho captain was very drunk at this time. Ho went and lay across the cabin doorway. On the 2nd June the captain was on deck during tho wholo of the mate's watch-twelve p.m. to four a.m.-wither, and Mrs. Ches ton, passengers. They wero drinking together and singing. > The captain had a bottle and a large tumbler on deck. The mate went be- low at four a.m., and left the captain lying down, he believed, very drunk, lhere was no one near him, but the bottle and tumbler wero lying beside him. The mate mentioned several instances in which the captain was unfit to command through drink. On the 10th July, in particular, at eloven p.m., al1 hands were called up. The captain was on the main deck, running about with a flare-up light. He was in liquor. Next day a heavy gale was on. The captain was very much under the iniluonce of liquor. He shortened sail, when, as tho mate said, he ought to have run with full sail, and tho result was the vessel shipped a large quantity of water. On tho 12th July ho was again under the in- fluence of liquor, and though all hands were called to heave tho ship to, the captain went below without giving any instructions. On the 13th he was again intoxicated. The sea was running high, and blowing strong. The ship went on pretty well until ton minutes past noon, when tho captain carno on the poop under tho influence of drink. He called to the man at the wheel to 'luff/ and went aft, and the ship luffed up thieo or four points, and took in a great quantity of water abaft the port fore-rigging. She had been running before tho wind, and carno up on the port tack. A man named Nicholas Codd was washed out of a port about mid- ships. The captain was standing alongside the man at tho wheel, looking at bim. No lifebuoy was thrown to him. It would have been impossible to have saved the man ; it was blowing too strong. Thero would have been danger in lowering the boats had they been on the davits, which they wore not. The man at the wheel, was standing on the port side of the wheel, steering no course, hut keeping her before the sea. The wind was a little on the port quarter. After the man was washed overboard, the ship was put more free." The statement of tho mau aj; the wheel was that the captain ordered him to " bring the ship up to the wind. He put the helm down, and the ship caine ilviDg up to the wind, and shipped a heavy sea amidships, which washed a pas- senger named Codd overboard. Before that order was given the wind was in the port quarter, and the ship was taking m very little water. Codd cried out for help, but the cap- tain said he could do nothing. These state- ments wero corroborated by sei oral of the sailors and tho passengers, tho general efiect of these statements being that' the captain gave orders to luff when the ship was in a gale of wind, and when it would havo been dangeious to do so, and that on tho latter part of the voyage it was the exception for the captain to be sober. For the defence, the second officer, the carpenter, and the sailmaker, and some of the passengei8,gavo evidence, who stated that they had never seen the captain the worse for liquor. The second mato stated that tho captain was perfectly sober the night be lay at the cabin stairs ; and at no time was thore any danger from any order given by the captain. On the 10th July, the captain, was perfectly sober, and was coursing the ship propeily ; and on the day the man fell over- board he was perfectly sober. The flash light already spoken about was to show tho men the foietopsaü halyards. Lights had been used for a similar purposo on a pre- vious voyage. On the night he was flashing that light he was quito sober. Captain Ltounsell. himself was examined, and denied positively all the chaiges made against him. He had never missed a single opportunity of taking observations during_ the voyage. The board carne to tho folloviiug decision :-" The board is unani- mously of opinion, after carefully weighing the evidence brought before it, that Captain James Hounsell has been proved drunk and incapable for command on one occasion referred to in tho charges biought by the crew, but frequently has been under the influence of drink during the voyage. Taking into consideration the long sei vico of Captain Hounsell, the board desire to be as lenient as possible, and thérefoie suspend his certificate (No. 18,494) for a period of six calendar months from this date (August 0)." CrUItGE AGAINST A TILOT. A charge was preferred before the Pilot Board, on 27th July, against Pilot M'Queen 'for having been intoxicated when in charge of tho R.M.S. Malta on tho 18th July. The accusation wos made by Mr. Kendall, the agent of the P. and O. Company, and was founded upon a statement made by Captain Ballow, of the Malla, dated from Queens- cliff-"I have been obliged to anchor hore in consequence of Pilot M'Queon being in an unfit state to take the vessel to sea. On leaving Melbourne I thought his manner peculiar, and I watched him for some timo, but did not think him so bad as to detain the ship in order to get another. However, when in the South Channel I ob- served he was evidently much the worse for liquor, having stopped the ship two or three times to the eastward of tho Quarantine ground, saying that was tho placo to pick up the muil from Queenscliff, and altogether behaving in a way that left no doubt on my mind that he was unfit to be trusted. I sent for. Dr. Elliott, who coincided with me as to the pilot's state. I therefore told him that I did not consider him m a fit state to take tho ship to sea. Ho replied, ' I am perfectly fit ; if 1 am not, take the ship to sea yourself, captain, ana you will do me a great favour.' As I did not feel inclined to take that respon- sibility, I anchored and sent a boat ashore for another pilot." Pilot M'Qucen denied the truth of the statement, and as Captain Barlow was absent from the colony, after some unimportant evidence was taken the investigation was postponed until ho re- turned. ,_ NOTES FROM THE SEA. Wreck or the Schooner Ann. - Tho schooner Ann left Richmond River for Mel- bourne on Juno 28, with a cargo of.pine logs. At noon on tho 12th July Kent's Group boro N.W. and W., distance about twenty miles ! blowing fresh, with thick rainy weather. Schooner under double-reefed canvas, tho wind W.N.W. ; schooner headed to the S.W. Four p.m.,' galo ' increasing, with, heavy squalls of wind and rain. At six pro, main staysail and topsail blew away from thej bolt-ropes. Kept ship away for Hum- mock Island for shelter. Almost imme- diately after she struck on a rock, which was afterwards discovered to bo tho Falkland reef. By the chart the vessel's position was twenty miles to the westward of the reef, and sho forged over it. In half an hour after tho captain found 4ft Gin. of wator in her, and. fancying she would have sunk before reaching Hummock Island, kept her away for tho nearest land, tb save life and property. At seien p.m. he managed to beach hei, and with great difficulty tho crew mau aged to.sa.vo their lives. i . '. . Foundering of a Steam too.-The steamer Reliance, which was accustomed' to trade 1 between Western Port and Melbourne, foun -.:ii . , . , , J , -1 " li I»"' ". ut I ' , ¡ I - «(_ 1 ' ' * "D ,1 .! ?!. («.I 1. (deredon thew17th July. Soon after leaving, ' ^Vcste'mJPorlj ga tho,; 16th» inst.,yshg ts$rùbk . upori.ii.submerged' rock." _Thc leak at Jurât! did not make much progress, and the captain was in hopes he would be able to reach Mel-i bourno safely. About three miles to the S.E. of Cape Schanok the Reliance began to fill with alarming rapidity, and settled down by tho head, disappearing in seventeen fathoms i of water. The master and crew had only time to jump into a boat when the vessel sank. The steamer was insured in tho"Aus tralasia office for £4,000. . >' i - 'i ' i i COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. , 1 THE MAILS. The R.M.S.S. Malta, with the mails, for Europe and the East, left the bay on the 19th ult. The P. and 0. Company's R.M.S.S. Avoca, in command of Captain A. B. Farquhar, arrived at the Heads at half-past six o'clock of the, morning of the 4th inst,, and after landing the Geelong mails, steamed up the bay, anchoring off Sandridge at half-post nine o'clock. Notwithstanding adverse weather encountered on the voyage between Galle and 'King George's Sound, tho Avoca mado ' a most ''successful trip, and has fully upheld the character of the com- pany's steamships ' for punctuality by land- ing her mails thirty-seven hours bofore con- tract time. Tho Avoca sailed from Point de Galle at five minutes past nine p.m. on the 14th ult., and had moderate winds in the trades latitudes, with a succession of liead winds afterwards until arriving at King George's Sound, at twenty-fivo minutes to twelve am. on the 29th ult. After the usual detention at tho Sound, tbo Avoca left for Melbourne at tan minutes to two a.m, on the 30th ult., and passed and signalled Cape Otway at midnight on Tuesday. On tho run lound from the Sound, the Avoca had mode- rato W. and S.W. winds, with a heavy south- westerly swell. After transhipment of the mails, the Avoca loft her anchorage at one p m., and soiled from the bay for Sydney, cleanng Port Phillip Heads at four p.m. STATE OF TBADE. ^ With the departure of July and the advent of the present month it was generally, ex- pected that an improvement in business must set in, and amply compensate for the dulness which has prevailed of late. The close of the last month gave every promise of an exten- sive trade being done, but though some heaviei transactions were then recorded than ha^o come under our notice fora long time, the improvement was only of a temporary character, and could not be sustained! till the close of the Bamo week. As the month of August opened out, signs wéie observed which betokened a change of a more lasting nature. Country orders have been coming in more freely, and the dealers haie been speaking more encouragingly of future prospects than has hoon, the case for some time past, The markets are, however, still very much glutted with merchandise, and importers will have to submit to un- satisfactory prices for yet a little while, ero tho markets begin to rectify themselves. The arrival of the mail caused a break in the monotony, but beyond that has not in- fluenced trade, nor imparted any impetus. 1 Amongst the more prominent features of the month we note a growing demand for comsacks. Nothing of a speculative nature has, however, yet boen developed. Breadstuffs have varied little, as a tendency to advance on one or two occasions was checked by ahivals fiom California. In feeding grains, a large business has been dono, both oats and maize having gone extensively into the hands of the trade. In metals, trans- actions in pig iron and galvanised iron only are worth special notice. In oils, kerosene alone has met with attention, aud that only to a moderate extent. Sales of Patna rice amounting to 150 tons, were recorded early in tho month. Business in sugars comprises the disposal of some 40,000 bags. The trade done in timber embraces sales of deals, lumber, Scotch flooring, cedar, &c.; In tobnecoes largo parcels of Cameron tens, as well as Queen of the South and Raglan twists baie been cleared off the market. The mail steamer reached Hobson's Bay on the morn- ing of the 4th instant. The exports for the month of May to Victoria show a decrease. The most satisfactory and important item in the advices to hand is the favourable reaction reported in wool, ' and the continued favour bestowed on our preserved meats in the homo maikets. Our advices from Calcutta roach to 1st July, from Foo-chow to 19th Juno, and from New York to 5th June. EX01IAIÍQE AN» ÎIONEV. Exchange for the present mail has been steady at f per cent, premium. ' Discount rates are unaltered ; 6 and 7 per éent. respectively is charged by the banks for three and four months' bills, and 8 per cent, fora longer currency. Tho rates of interest on deposits are as last reported ; the maximum rate allowed on deposits of twelve months is 4} per cent.; 3 pei cent, is paid on four and six months,' and 2 per cunt, on threo months' deposits. STOCKS AND STATIONS. From the interior we leam that some of the noitbern districts are requiring moro rain, the sun for the season being very powerful, and much of the suiface waters dried up. The news from Coonamble and the Wam- merawa states that grass is abundant. Thoro is a scarcity of really fat stock in the Dubbo district, though there are hundreds of bul- locks and thousands of sheep in good condi- tion. The lambing there is expected to bo about 50 per cent, (a great falling off). Tho Glengallan estate, Darling Downs, was offeiod for sale last week by Brewster and Trebeck, of Sjdney, and while the attendance was largo the highest price offeied was not equal to the reserve, and the pioperty was withdrawn. The same agents say:-"Cattle stations in this colony and Queensland are inquired for, and for any of a fair ordinary character full rates aro obtainable, i Holders, however, are not anxious about selling, hoping that some of the many schemes afloat for preserving meat for the English market will be successful, and thus tend to give an increased and permanent value to their properties." Late news from Dubbo states :-" Feed was never so good ; and flocks and herds aro in evory part of the northwest luxuriating in tho blessings of plenty. The face of nafcuio is bedecked with its carpet of verdure ;- and it is pleasant to now look upon the vas-t plains, laden as thoy aie with the fattening saltbush, crowsfoot, and nativecarrot, and other nourishing boibs and grosses indigenous to North Riverina." On the Bojan and Darling tho country is looking magnificent. ' HOUSES FOB INDIA. The fine shipment of horses just completed by Messrs. Macklin and Baldock, per Francis Thorpe, will no doubt do much to retitevo the cbaiaoter of Australian stock in India. The bulk ot tho shipmont aro thoroughbred horses, selected from al' the best studs in tho colony, including some very supeiioi colts from Meîsrs. Smith, or Lindenow, and Mr. Pearson, of Kilmany-park, a single animal of which costs the price of a mob of "scrubbers." Tho caigo, which consists of 133 horses (every one of them hroken-in), will bo under the per- sonal thargo of Mr. Baldock, who has already made nine voyages tothe East with horses. Among the fancy animals of tho shipmont may he enumerated the following racehorses : -Loid of tho Valley, own brother to the celebrated Glencoe; MollyBawn, half-sister to the once famed Mormon ; Nimrod, Euphiates, Shamrock, Predictor, Obscurity, and several other horses of great promise, which Mr. Baldock intends to put in tiaining at once on his arrival at Calcutta for thogteat íaeo meeting to be held thero iu the presence of II.H.H. the Duke of Edinburgh. CUSTOMS KEVBNUE. ' From a return, wo learn that the actual receipts of tho Customs department for tho first six months of the presont year oxceed the estimate by £51,642. The estimate was £816,896, and the receipts ot the ports of Melbourne' and Geelong, £808,538. The receipts at tho out-ports havo not yet been made up. HOME LEITCHS. Tho following is a return showing the num- ber of letters, packets, and newbpapors io ceived at and despatched from Victoria, per P. and O. Royal Mail steamships during tho month of July, 1809 :-Keech ed per Goo- long.-Letteis, 39,219 ; packets, 2,357 ; news- papers, 112,299. Despatched per Malta. Le- tters, 43,386 ; packets, 820; newspapers, 44,074. Totals.-Letters, 82,005 ; packots, ,3,177; newspapers, 156,973. i rúnico accounts:. The report of the audit commissioners on thp public accounts for tho years 1807 and 1808 was presented to the Assembly this -month. Tho balance of tho consolidated íeyenue on December 31,1808, was £311,001 18s. 8d., and in addition to this thero was to the credit of .tbo Govcrnméltt'£3Jl,Ci33;i3s, j j " ". q .' , i ,i fi'" ":' j'i..' I , , l'¿ 10 (].1f I ' . 'I 3d. ofrtrust funds,, Against,tho debentures 1 alreadyjsoldJm London thei Government had .drawn up-to the 21st May-last, £354,685^ Of. tho Public Works loan,tin addition to the £300,000 which was raised hero iu December 'last, the Government have'disposed of a' further portion by investing, under ' the au- thority of the Act No. 332, the sum of £129,139 15s. from the Trust Fund. The de- bentures representing this large amount aro lodged in the Treasury. , ' ' THE BANKS. ' ' The following general, .abstracts',. showing ,the average amount, of the liabilities ana assets of ,the ? of Victoria, for the quartor from April 1 to June 30, *have appeared in the Qovei-nrneili Gazette:-' ' , ,' ' Colonial Bank.-Liabilities-Notos la circulation, nat bearing Interest, £100,484 Is. 7d. ; bills in circula- tion, not bearing Interest, £1,4S4 6s. ; balances due to other bankü, £21,873 lEs. ; deposits, not boat ing in- terest, £323,523 16s. 8(1. ; deposits, bearlnj interest, £1)30,013 14b. 4d. Total amount of liabilities, £1,039,279 11b. 2d. Assets-Coined gold and silver and other coined motáis, £220,077 15t. Id. ; (rold and silver in bullion or bars, £10,403 Da. 8d. ; landed,property, £53,10713s. ; notes and bills of other banks, £10,012 13s Id..; balances duo from other banks, £80,075 10s. 7d. ; amount of all dobt3 due to the bank, including notes, bills of oxchange, and all Btock and funded ilobtu of evory description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to tho said bank from otbor banks, £1,105,050 12s. Od. Total amount of assets, £1, £34,30714s. Cd. Tho rotura also includes the following :-Amount of tho capital stocU paid up at tho closo of tho quarter onding 80th June, 1809, £187,500 ; rate of tho last dividend declared to the shareholders, 8 por cent. ; amount of the last divi- dend declared, £17,500 ; amount o( tho reserved profits at the time of declaring such dividond, £50,000. Union Bank of Australia.-Liabilities-Notes in cir- culation, not boarlng intoicst, £100,7081«. 7d. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £43,080 C9. Od. ; deposits, not bearing Interest, £600,18310«. 6d. ; do poslts, bearing interest, . £832,001 5s. 7d. Total amount of liabilities, £1,496,008 10s. 2d, Assets Coined gold and silver and other coined metala, £207,023 18s. lOd.; gold aud sllvor in bullion or bare, £45,140 7a. 1(1.5 JKnded proporty. £54,600; notes and bills of other banks, ' £10,508 2s. id. ; amount ot all debts due to the bauk. In- cluding notes, bills of oxchango, aud all stock and funded debts of overy description, oxcoptlng notes, bills, and balances due to the said b¿nk from otbor banks, £1,88810s. 8d. Total amount of assots, £2,210,061 2s. Od. The return also includes the fol- lowing:-Amount of tho capital stock pjid up at tho cldso of tho quarter onding 30th June, 1869, £1,250,000 ; rate of the last dividend declarad to tho shareholders, 15 per coat, per annum ; amount of tho last dividend dcolarod, £03,750 ;: amonot of tho re- sorted profits at the timo of declaring such dividond, £407,883 16s.' Od. Bank of Australasia,-Liabilities-Notes in circu- lation, not hearing Interest, £219,040 3s. Id. ; bills in circulation^ not bearing intorost, £10,047 8s. 3d. ; deposits, not boarlng interest, £058,117 Is. Od. ; de- posits bearing Intorost, £1,021,2810s 8d. Total amount of liabilities, £1,008,205 2s. Od. Assets-Coined gold and silver and otbor coined metals, £363,836 10s. 4d. ; gold and sllvor In bullion or bars, £86,600 10s, 4d. ; landed proporty, £S5,140 16s. 4d. ; notea and bills of other banks, £30,681 Os. 6d. ¡ amount of all dibts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of ex- change, and all stock and funded dobts of ovory description, oxcepting notes, bills, and balances duo to the said bank from other banks, £1,065,241 8s. Od. Total amount of assets, £2,221,50210s. lid. The return also includes tho following ¡-Amount of the capital stock paid up at this dato, £1,200,000 ; rato of tho last dividond dcolarod to tho shareholders, 0 per cent, per annum, with a bonus at tho rat« of 4 per cent, per annum, being together equal to IO por cout. per annum ; amount of the last dividend declared, £00,000 ; amount of tho reserved prouts after declar- ing such dividend, £832,284 2s. fid. Bank of Now South Wales.-Liabilities-Notea In circulation, not bearing interest, £147,510 3i. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £1,037 12s. 2d. ; balances due to othur banks, £15,21616s. Od. ; deposits, notboaringintercst, £5S7,89410s. 2d.; dopostts, bearing intercut, £780,070 2s. 8d. Total amount of liabilities, £1.480,234 12a. Od, Atsots-Colnod gold and silver, and Mliei coined metals, £444,00210i. 7d.: gold and silver In bullion or bars, £01,400 3s. Od. ; landed proporty, £4S,352 5s. 40. ; notes and bills of other banks, £18,625 2s. ; balances duo from other banks, £40,143 2s. 3d. ; amount of all dobts duo to the bank. Including notos, bills of exchango, and all stock and funded debts of every description, oxcepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bauk from other banks, £1,490,371. Total amount of assots, £2,121,100 12s. lid. The return also Includes tho tol- lu» ing:-Amount of the capital stock paid up at tho closo of tho quartor ending 30th June, 1809, £1,000,000; rate of tho last dividend doolared to tho shareholders, 16 per coot, per nnnum ; amount of tho last dividend declared, £76,000 ; amount of the ro icrred profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £333,333 Cs. 8d. English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. -Liabilities-Notes lu circulation, not bearing in- terest, £40,745 10s. lid. ; bills in circulation, not bearing intoroit, £2,307 13s. lOd. ; balances duo to othor banks, £2,11)2 Qi. 7d. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £107,075 0a Cn. ; deposits, bearing in- terest, £187.558 4i. Sd- Total amouut of lia- bilities £309,870 5s. 6d. Assots-Coined gold and sllvor, and othor coined rnotats, £02,808 17a. ; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £75 11s. 3d. ; landod property, £22,803 18s. lOd. ; notes and bills of otber barnes, £0,148 7s, Id. ; balances dite from othor banks, £0,04318s. Id. ; amount oi all dcbtH due to the bann, including notos, bubs of ex- change, and all stock and funded dobts of evory de- scription, excepting notes, hills, and balances, duo to tho said bank from other banks, £6,38,871 3s. lOd. Total amount of assets, £039,441 lOi. Id. The re- turn also includes the following :-Amount of the capital stock paid up at the closo of tho quarter end lug 30th June, 1800, £000,000 ; rate ot the last dividend declared to the shareholders, 7 por cent, ter annum; amount of tho last dividond declared, £21 COO ; amount of the rosorved profits at tho time of declaring such dividend, £45,000. Commercial Bank of Australia (Llmltoi).-Liabili- ties-Kotes in circulation, not bearing interest, £C9,2E0 7s. 9d. ; bills In circulation, not bearing lu terest, £880 10s. lid. ; balances due to other hink», £10,1S4 Es. Gd. ; deposits, not bearing Interoit £183,007 4s Od. ; doposits, bearinginterest, £201,011 0a. 3d. Total amount of liabilities, £521,334 ISj 2d. Atsets-Coined gold and silver and otber coince metals, £153,453 0s. id. ; gold and silver In bullion or bars, £14,104 4i. lid. ; landed property, £2,000 ; notes and bills of other banks,'£8,00813s Od.; balances due from othor banks, £15,451 0s 7d. ; amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of ox change, and all stock and funded dobts of ovorv description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to the said bank from othor banks, £533,087 10s. Sa, Total amount of assots, £720,853 8s. The roturu albo Includes tho following:-Amount of "the capital stock paid up at tho close of tho quarter ending 30th June, I860, £200,000; rate of tho last dividend de- clared to tho shareholders, O por cont. per annum ; amount of tho last dividond declared, £0,000; amount of tho rosorved profita at tho time of declaring Buch dividond, £4,000. London Chartorcd Bank of Australia.-Liabilities Notes ia circulation, not bearing interest, £111,95; 3s. Id. ; bills In circulation, not bearing Intorost £2,035 7s. lOd, ; balances duo to othor banks, £4,62: 10s. Od. ; doposits, not boaring interest, £240,000 3s 4d ; dopo-lts, bearing Intorost, £617,504 10s. Vd Total amount of liabilities, £912,023 4s. id. Assets Coined gold and silver and othor coined metals £120,043 12s. Od. ; gold and silver m bullion oi bars, £40,694 18s. 7d. ; landed proporty?"£S0,04l 8*. 40. ; notes and bills of othor banks, £10,80 10s. Od. ; balances due from other bank, £0,42 11«. Id. ; amount of all debts duo to the bink including notes, bills of exchango, and all stock am funded dobts of overy description, oxcoptlng notes hills, and balances due to tho said bank from otho banks. £1,471,710118. lid. Total amount of assots £1,741,60313s. 2d. Tho return also inoludos ,the foi lowing:-Amount of the capital stock paid up at tb closo of tho quarter ending Juno 80,1S0O, £1,000,000 into of the last dividond declared to the shareholder! 8 per cent, per annum ; amount of tho last dlvidoni declared, £40,000; amount of tho reserved profit nt the timo of declaring such dividond, £101,15914s 7d.j PUBLIC COMPANIES. City of Melbourne Gas Company.--Til nineteenth annual meeting was held on th' 23rd July. The directors announced that th profits on tho half year's working araountei to £9,55119s. 7tl., which allowed of a eli vi dend of 8 per cent, per annum, and a balanc of £46413s, Id. being carried fonvard.to nex half year. The balance-sheet was publisher last month. Messrs. John Bean, Davù Ogilvy, and Isaac HaTt wereolectedclirüctorí With the view of increasing'the mnnufac turhig power of the company, a special meei ing was held after the annual meeting, a which it was agreed to raise an additions capital of £50,000 hy the creation and issu of 10,000 now shares at £5 each. The fund t\ ere required for the construction of a rotoi house and appliances on tho newest design and to complete works now ia progress, ) 'Williamstown Gas Company.-Thosovont half-yearly meeting was held on the 4t August. Tho directors' leport showed tha the bulaneo on the 30th Juno was £274 11s after placing £191 12s. 4d. to tho erodit c wear and tear, meter, and works ronewi funds, and preliminary ciponses accoua The .profits of the half-year. amounted t £-101 ob. Od. A dividend of 10 per cent, wt recommonded by the directors, but it was til opinion of the shareholders that tho reserv »und was not sufficiently larne, and a dividen of S per cent, only was declared. It wi ttatcd by tho,chairman that it was not likel any repairs worth speaking of would 1 wanted for tho noxt two or three years. Collingwood Gas Company.-Tho hal yearly meeting was held on the 7th AugUs The directors reported progicss was beii: made with the erection of the gasomoti tank. An engino and exhauster 'had bec fixed, which would economiso the manufa turo and facilitate tho distribution of ga Tho accounts for the half-year showed prout of £3,957 7s. lid. ' A dividend at ti rate of 10 per cont. por annum, with a bom of Is. per share, was declared, and it wi stated thot sufficient appropriations had bec made to maintain tho works in. a state i efficiency. Mr. George Uarkor and Dr. Moo were elected directors. At an extraordina: meeting held afterwards, Mr. Bra-lshn was elected a director, in the room of li Thos. Smith resigned. Victoria'Insurance Company.--Tho teni annual meeting was held on the 21st Of Jul The directors reported favourable progress the affairs of the company, The balance, the credit of profit during tho year amount to £16,137 3s.; being £11,833 10s. ia the-1 department, aud £4,30313s. lOd. in tho i 6urance,and eavings branch. A. dividend 'ii.* ' ' 10 per cent, (amounting to £1,000), and a I bonus of 2s, per share (amounting to £4,000 likowise), making together-20 per- cent, on the paid-up capital, were declared." 'It was stated that an investigation wn\boing held > into the affairs of tho life branch! It would not be concluded for some time, but so far as it bad gone, tho result had beon satisfactory. Messrs. Harker and "Wight were re-elected directors. ' ' Southern Insurance Company,-The tenth half-yearly meeting was hold on the 0th August. The directors' report noticed a further reduction, ' as compared with last year, in the amount of premium, which it wps.e-plained by the chairman (Mr. Lorimer) had taken placo in the underwriting branch, their new underwriter in London, who took a concervative view of the business, and was vory particular about risks and the amount of premium, 'having increased the rate. Tho business in London was on' tbVincrease, and tho directors had good reason to be'iovo that tbo amount of premium announced on this occasion would be the sma"est for a consider- able time to come. At the head office tho business had shown a considerable increase over the corresponding period of last year. .Since commencing business in 1864, they had paid away £23,000 in dividends, and, in addi- tion to a paid-up capital of ¡£100,00O, had in cash £69,169. The revenue had exceeded tho expenditure during the ha't year by £20,109 13s. 5d. A dividend of 10 per oent. was de- clared. Australasian Insurance Company.-Tho thirteenth annual meeting was hold on the Gth August. In tho fire and marino branch tho profits on the half-year amounted to £4,070 15s. 7d. The amount, it was stated, would hove been Jarger but for the loss of £3,000 on the ship Gossamer on the English coast. Had it not been, for this loss, the financial state- ment would have been of a vory favourable character, but as it was, tho shareholders were congratulated on having safely turned the corner, It was ti asted that the payment of dividends would be resumed before long. Tho directors' report was adopted, and the Hon. James Graham and Mr. T. B. Payne wero elected directors. In tho lifo branch, tho report spoke of continued prosperity. After Ovo j cara and three) months' transactions, a clear surplus of £48,735 10s. lid. was shown. Tho report for the five years ending 31st March, showed that tho totat number of policies issued amounted to 1,176, insuring £002,400. "Onthe 31st March 1S69, after paying all preliminary and. current ex- penses, including commission and £11,750' for claims on tho death of parties in-1, sured, thero remained in existence 935 policies, insuring £525,799, subject to an annual premium of £16,722 19s. 7d., tho not value of which policies, including the bonus now to bo declared, amounted to £25,21018s. Od., as tho present value of all existing en- gagements ot the company at the expiration of the first quinquennium, which sum must bo retained as an existing liability of the company, to bo increased and diminished by the natural operations of the business until tho next valuation in 1872. The amount remaining to tho credit of profit and loss, after providing for the above and all other liabilities, amounts to £18,709 7s. Id." To the shareholders whose capital had been in hand for fivo years, a dividend of 4s. per share was declared, amounting in the aggre- gate to £8,920 14s. 6d. The half-yearly re- port showed that tho surplus- for the six months ending 30th Juno was £8,324 7s. National Insurance Company of Austral- asia.-Tho third ordinary general mooting was held on the Gth inst. Tho directors said that the financial statement showed the com- pany tobo prosperous. Tho second half-yoar's receipts fell short of those of the first six months, but such was generally the cato at the initiation of an institution of this de- scription. Tho gross receipts for the year had amounted to £17,741, and tho total losses were under £3,0C3. As to tho addition of the life to the fire business, which it was thought.could have been accomplished about this time, the directors felt satisfied that the time had gone by for establishing another lifo office on the propriotaiy basis, and tho lifo business, if to be undertakon at all, must 'be upon the mutual system. A mutual life association had been recently launched. Tho surplus on the 30th Juno was £5,330 3s., and a dividend of eight per cent, was declared. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Rail- way Company.-The half-yearly meeting was held on tho 3rd August. The directors re- ported favourably of tho traffic both in merchandise and passengers, and mentioned that a considerable improvement had taken place in tho traffic of some of the suburban districts. Tho receipts for tho half-year, after deducting tho payment of interest on deben- tures and woiking expenses, left an availablo balance of £20,133 2s. Id., which was apportioned as "follows t-Dividend at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum, £18,71410s. ; balance carried forward, £1,41812s. Id. Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company. The eighth half-yearly meeting was hold oil the 2nd August. As appeared from tho director's report, rigid economy had boon piactised during the half-year, and the result wns on excess of rovenue ovor expenditure to the amount of £1,302 10s. lid. ¡ the earnings had been £0,806 19s. 5d. The balanco now to ci edit and loss was £1,310 9s. lOcl. Tho directors propose to write off £700 of this amount for tho formation of a fund for tho purchase of new boilers, &c;, when requited. The report was adopted, and tho directors re- commended to, if possible, reduce the working expenses still lower, without impairing tho efficiency of the service. Australian Mutual Provident Society.-A special meoting was held at Sydney on tho 28th July, for the purposo of declaring tho result of the fourth quinquennial investiga- tion of tho assets and liabilities of the society. The directors' leport stated that the assurance fund yielded a laigo surplus, and that the realised assets of the fund amounted to 70 per cent, of the entire assurance premiums re- ceived by tbo society. The sum of £50,003 set apart as a guarantee fund, was not entirely cbargeablo upon the prouts of the past quinquennium, having gradually accumu- lated. The occasion or placing so com- prehensive a statement before the mombo« was the attainment of the socioty to the ago of twenty years. The actuary's report showed the total assets to be up to 28th February. 1809, £602,040 12s, 7d.; and total.liabilities, £453,000 12s, 5d,j leaving a balanco of £149,040 0s. 2d. In the assuianco branch, the assots wero £530,901 Cs. 2d. ; and liabilities, £383,463. 9i. Od. leaving a balance or surplus of £153,43? 10s. 8d., of which tho actuary recom mended that £97.333 bo divided amongst the members, that £0,104 10s. 8d. be reserved for prospectivo bonuses, and that £50,000 be retained as a guaranteo fund, which woult give stability, and render tho society indepon dent of fluctuations as to now business. Ii the endowmont fund, tho present liabilitic: under endowment policies wero £48,41012s 7d., and tho assets amounted to £45,01018a, 7d., showing a deficiency of £2,709 14s. Ii tho annuity fund theio was also a deficionc; of ' £1,021 10s. Od., tho liabilities boini £20,0431»3. 4d., and assots, £19,021 18s. lOd The repoits wera adopted. It was statoi that the annual incomo was£179,000, wherea ten years ago it was hardly £23,000 in rouiu numbeis. Bank of Victoria.-Tho thirty-third half yearly general meeting was held on tho 3n mst. Tho board of management, in thei statement, showed that tho net prouts of tit half-year, after providing for bad and doubt ful debts aniounted.to £29,81211s. Gd., which added to the balanco of undivided profit from the 31st December, 18G8, made a tota of £43,706 Is 9d. They, proposed to appoi tion it lui follows :-Divided of 10 per cent per annum, £25,000 ; bank promises, £2,300 leaving a balance of undivided profits to b carried foiward of £1G,2GG 4s. 9d. Tw branches had been closed during tho hall year, vi«., at Graat, in tho gold-fielels dk trict, and Horsham, in the Wimmera dis trict. Tho other branches and agencies con tinued to bo -valuable auxiliaries to th general business of tho bank. The roports &c;), weio adopted ; and Mr. H. W. Hull an Captain Ereycr Avero elected directors. 1 was announced that the dividend payahlo n the London branches would bo paid o receipt of advices. Commercial Bank of Australia (Limitcd). Tho fifth half-yearly meeting was held on th 6th inst, An incioased and moro consol dated business was announced, and then suits, though not up to tho anticipations c the directors, had been satisfactory on til whole. A branch had boon opened at Ba larnt, but sufficient lime hail not olapsod I test its ,niorits in tho face of tho long estai lii>hcd branches of other banks. As yet it ha proved a charge on the pjofits. A brant had been opened at Brunswick, and lu moro,than icalisod expectations. Tho brant at Alexandra and tho agency at Gordon hi been closed : the othor branches wero pr gressing well. Tho not prouts on tbo lui year showed an increnso of £3,000 on the pi cceiling half-year, tho amount 'being £7,8 11s. 3d. - A dividend of 0 por cent, per annu (amounting to £6,000) was declined, ai £l,GSO 8s. 9d. set aside to moot bad at doubtful debts, leaiitig a balance of £1 2b. Od. " ' Land Mortgago Bunk of Victoria.-T tenth half-yearly meeting was held ou t 291h July. Although in tho earlier part of the year money had been abundant, and'the rate of interest nntisually low, the directora announced a steady increase ia business. The gross profits of the half-year amounted to £9,164 15s. 2d., which, added to tbo balanco brought forward, amounted to £10,919 IGs. Id. After deducting interest due to deposi- tors, and current charges, a balanco of £5,755 7s. 3d. remained for disposal. It was applied as follows :-Dividend, at the rato of 10 per cent, per annum, £2,500; preliminary expenses, new premises, and' furniture ac-, , count, 10 per cent., £108 12s. öd. ; leaving a balance to bo carried forward of £3,086 14s. Cd. Advices had been'received from Mr. Muir, who went to England in March to estahlish a branch in London, which led to r' ', the hopo that his mission would be successful ' The new issuó in shares, 5,030 in numbor, had all been subscribed for at a good pre- mium. Tho subscribed capital now amounted i to £250,000, an amount sufficiently largo for somo timo to come, and no further" issue ' would bo mado in the colony until rendered necessary by a very considerable increase' inM the general business. The report; &c;, wero . adopted. _ Australian Diamond Mines Company.-A' meeting of tbo shareholders of this new conv pany was held on the 22nd July, for the elec- tion of directors and auditors. The report of ' the retiring provisional directors stated that, the wholo of the 25,000 shares had been allotted, and £2,500 lodged in tho bank" ready to bo handed over to the directors. While the company was being formed, 115 diamonds had been obtained, and handed over to the company by tho projectors Ihey were sent home per last mail by Mr. Crisp, to the Hon. Gcorgo Verdon, to bo cut and polished, and then returned to Melbourne, i'orty-six diamonds had been obtained since the com- pany was formed. Tho company had been * registered undor the Limited Liability Act. Messrs. F. G. Moule, Henry Young, Mark Moss, "William Clarke, David Lyons, and George Crisp were -appointed directors. (Further information respecting this com- pany will bo found under the head of " Diamond Mines.") Bendigo Waterworks Company.-Tho an- nual meeting was held on the 12th inst. The profits on the half-year amounted to £1,453 ^ 4s. 2d. After deducting tho interest payable on bonds, a sum of £920 0s. 6d. remained available for dividends. A dividend of 2s. por share was declared. A roduction was ordered to be made iu salaries. IMPOUTS AND EXrORTS. The following table gives the imports and exports bince the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1868 : Week ending Imports. Kxporta. Jan. 2. Jan. 9. Jan. IG. Jan. 23. Jan. SO. Feb. 0. Feb. 13. Fob. 20. Fob. 27. liar. 0. Har. 13. Mar. 20. Mar. 27. April 8. April 10. April 17. April 24. May 1. May 8. May 15. May 22. May 20. June 5. Juno 12. Juno 10. Juno 20. July 3. July 10. July 17. July 24. July 31. Aujr. 7 . 1800. 1808. , 1800. £ 212,880 2ä0,62O 248,106 242,001 821,700 807,835 222,071 810,840 212,403 170,313 150,150 103,020 220,868 101,703 201,030 133,801 237,735 143,051 200,308 2(3,100 201,727 170,020 162,304 141,000 05,014 201.00S 3P7.012 332,444 213,857 351,778 240,309 211,307 7,177,576 £ I 203,228 853,055 340,001 410,703 317,132 800,507 253,442 227,020 245,011 200,505 170,607 100,007 150,650 172,201 180,657 217,561 127,800 200,316 178,047 142,800 241,113 307,408 205,450 201,415 107,770 283,820 178,120 400,721 205,810 303,050 237,030 332,275 8,125,203 £ 183,577 411,000 -403,509 213,774 800,773 631,002 877.252 73,983 487,000 403,309 631,725 272,703 228,553 254.080 84,423 142,092 235,011 438,540 30,783 145.171 418,070 105,377 31.836 132,715 407.220 201,121 70,055 170.001 470.862 87,223 . 18S.003 , 205,232 207,700 000,203 247,186 418,410 13,500 804,017 323,043 342,372 150,141 815,139 231,039 77,487 220,019 170,338 105,005 118,155 518,537 75,689 211 446 38,112 474,126 135,151 07,303 122 704 685,037 130,591 42,871 83,306 600,232 138,18* 23,722 130,073 8,090,754 7,270,018 During the first poriod the account stood thus : Import« .£7,177,570 Exports . 8,090,764 Balanco of exports ovor Importa £1,613,178 During the second period ¡- i Import« . .. £8,125,203 Exporta . 7,270,018 ' i Balanco of imparts ovor oxports £818,290 Comparing the abovo periods with each other, tho results are as under : Imports In 1808 .£7,177,578 Imports In 1809 .. .. .. 8.125,208 ' Increase In 1SC0. £017,032 Exports in 1868 Exporte in 1809 £8,000,764, 7,270,018 Docrcoso in 1809 .. .. .. £1,413,030 BTOCKS IN D0ND. < The following wero the stocks in bond at Melbourne on the 7th August :-Brandy, 5,399;/ Mid., 38,624 cases; rum, 1.290} hlid., 160 cases ; geneva, 91 lind., 69,21'J cosos red, 3,091 do. green ; whiskey, 9083 hlid., 2,549 cases ; gin (sweotened), 31J hlul., 5,825 cases ; cordials. 714 cases ; spirits of wmo, 82 hhd. ; other spirits, BJ hhd., 4,400 cosas ! wine, 5,309-t hhd., 14,607 cases ; beer, 2,223} hhd., 23,880 cases and. casks ; tobacco (tnanufac tuied), 1,450 half-tierces, 831 qnaitcr tieices, 9,191 ^ three-quat ter boxes and boxes, 8,791 cases ; do, (unmanufactured), 281 hhd. and casks, 407 cases, 1,890 bales ; cigars, 593A cases; candles, 229chosts, 32,COO boxes ; korosone, 100.897 cases; flour, 12,058 bags ; cocoa and chocolate 266 cases ; lou, 17,371 chests, 33,814 half-chosts, 26,339 boxes ; coffee, 5,311 bags, 67 tierces, 174= casks, 209 barrels ; cMcory, 592 cases ; sugar Mauritius, 27,054 bags; Manilla, 45,425 bags; Java, 8,471 bags ; other, 800 tons, 569 casos and casks; wheat, 4,584 bags; opium (prepared), 26 packages ; oats, 3,740 bags ; hops, 1.81G pockets ; rice, 148,945 bogs, 38 barrels ; salt, 8,790 bags ; vinegar, 517 cases, 189 casks, MELBOURNE MONTHLY WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Anaus Omet', Friday Evonlnff. Tho Import markets hnvo shown liltlo nppoaraneo of activity during tho past month. Business has boon., limited to Biippljlng moro trado roqulromonts, and evoi jilling In tho Bhapo of spocultition 1ms boan kept undor. Bulk and bottled boors havo boon llttlodoalt In. In Dundoo goods, cornsacks show an Improve- ment, but woolpacks btivo declined In valuo. Candles aro still neglected. Cements aro tlrinor. Chemicals aro out of season, thoroforo not noticed. Chicory and coCco only moot with a vory ruodciato demand. Confcotlonory has boon in slow salo. In cordago Micro Is comparatively Httlo doing. FIbIi, ob woll as fruits, aro Improving ia valuo. Blasting powder is vory Urra. Ilopsaudroalfc aro moved oil tlowly at reduced rates. Motáis havo not tUtorcd much. Oils have boon iuactivc. Oilmen's stores hal o beon quitted to a fair extent. Provisions nro in brisk demand. Rico lias boen moro noticed. Salt Is again Htcady. Sugars havo beon largely dis- posal of, and tbo market Is moro regular. Teas havo. mut with a better inquiry, Tlmbor hits mot with but moderato attention. Tobaccoos, save In exceptional roses, for which some Inquiry »as experienced, have been without animation. Wine» and spirits show a. constdorablo amount ol depression still. Ale and Stout.-Wo havo to roport an exceedingly quiet market throughout tho month. Buslnoss tn bulk ales 1ms boon of tho most limited description» owing totlio numbor ol cheap parcels that have found their wa) into tbo hands of tbo trado sinco tho wrock of the Ilurrlcuno ; those, hotvovor, aro gottlug gra- dually worked out, and the hope is now ox pressed that an Improved demmd will bo experienced ero long. Iloldors have not mado any ohango In quo- tations, as nothing oould be gained, by a reduction, which did not lead to Increased progresa In sales, but doubtless offors far quantities, II at anything Uko roa «onablo rales, would not bo rejected ; meantime wo quote, for trado parcels of Joulo'n, £S Gs. Marrlau's 1b Ilkowiso valued at £8 5: Tbo Callisto Com- pany's maintains a nominal quotation of £8. Bulk stout has boen quitted at £5 IGs. for Whitbread's and Field'«, but the trado dono li«) not boon oxtcnslve. Cold weather has provatlod for the groater part of tha, month, and In consoquonco, bottled ales have mot with, but llttlo favour. Stocks, Wovor, not being prossod on tho nurkot, prices, for tho finer brands ospoolally, hn\o not undorgono any oltoratlon. Tennant'« is btcndlly maintained at 10s. For Pèvonlsli's and Fos tei'a a ¡alto figuro 1b rcallsod. Blood's Is hold for 9s. Gd. Allsopp'a now label Is not, as far as we eau loam,, to bo purchased at a lass prlio. Sales of Arrol's have, boen mado at Bj. For JeuYoy s wo quote 8«. Oil Mulr's and Aitken'» aro volucd at Si Od. to 8j 0d, Bjttlod i touts bava also been characterised by great want of anln allon, owing to shipments of favourlto brands ar-, riving sa'much out ot condition; .very full prices, i ave, however, been obtained for any saleablo lota. Burko1» has readily boon qulttod at ICH Edmond's ' pig brand has likewise realised 10a. For Henry Wlrlto. uud Co '», lait month's quotations of Ck 6d. to 10a. bavt ruled Blood's han boon, diepojod of to a fair exUnl al 8s 8a. For Bortbwli,k's, In primo oondir lion, &. 9d. to 9a. can bo (rot for quirU. Miokio and i cUdstone'sisialuodatSj Sil, thouiih, w o understand* lower figure would bo »ccoptod t) clear out largo, pat eels I'ortcr'n now ihlpmout» bave roalliod up, to Ss. 7Jd A fow parcels of Byass havo found büvora ut 8s 7 J I.; for Scotohiranda oí Porjer'a, JiftTOy'n, ace. ^oquoloBs. lo 8s. _1. Bagging - An improving demand for cornsacks lias been »pilnglng vip since ¿ho coming in ol tho prosont lunll mouin. At the common .euiont of tho month, though tho, inqultlos experienced did not load to, transactions beyond supplilng trade wants, jet wo obsoned creator firmness, as if holders werodotor ínllied to icu_o tho most of tliq donund, The bllghtly higher utes asked, however, liad tho effect ol cuccMud; Bal« end slopping btulnes^, without}1opablidg an aotu\l advance )U),prloa to bp, established. -Sales woro> mode at,,ll-ij 3d., ^duly/ poid, and r 10'. 0J. In'Tjondi sUV sequent))',1 11s. Od. was' required," and 'during 'laif week several parcels, to the extent of abaut 103 biles, were disposed of at the price immech" The presont week opened out with continued firmness, and buyers were compejled to pay 11s Od /and, most holdors nqw~ ask 12s, , but though so- voral parcels ha\o boon placed trad« offor atcthls latter ptloo. no eales have jet lu1 | reported. iWqolpack9"on the contrary, Influon'1., C" heavy shipments, show'weaknoss andia te^îT;"-»jj lower rates ; »ho lost sales montloned *r ntài Bl for small lota) but of Hato buyers r.nnol' ha mt to I look.aWheni at anything W<i this O íaT¡, ¿Vd¡wo ' -question If woxan.quot-q 0v6r 3s. ^ar to'3s. ii In ' gunnies iWO havo norning new to report; quotations stand at7s 81 to 7s Od. Our advices from Caloutta »tate that tho Aboukir, ni># 0n the way from that -port; is bringing'down p'Jlne 200 to SOO balea "ba^s, sacks, and woolpacks."^ r , ,,, r Bdotfl and Shoos V,a\ o not boon activo, and tho sales effected have i generally boen'on'a modérate seale. About EOQ esees have been quitted publicly. Tho mott noteworthy ydo which took place lost week comprised 342 packages of Stead and Simpson's make. On the 28th? Iqly, 126 packages wero disposed of. (Women's kid ES boots realised 0ä. to 7s Od. ; children's kid do, 2s. 4(1 to Ss Od. ; do, patent balrnorals. Is. 3d to le. Od ; women's lasting boots.'B». At samo time, 1O0O;-pairs colonial-made bluchers were sold at 6s. 3d. !, ? , ! Caudles lm\o ebown no animation. Hardly a trans- action has been effected privately throughout tho month. ' Au occasional trado order has hoon executed at 10ja and 10¿d. for Do Roubaix' ead Bundoll'.), but with I that cxooption.i all the trade dono has gone through the auction mart, and sonio 5000 boxes may liave been cleared off In this manner, at 9Bd to, lOd. ifor slightly damaged. Tho Neva Company quoto llid. | , Carriego Material.-A salo of American oirriigo materials, ash, ¿c , was held on tho 83rd ult Thero was agood'attondaUco of tho trado, and the prlcos realised wero as under, vit:-! Finished hickory spokci, 11 to li, Od «aob ; lg Jo li brought 5Jd, oaob J)1J to 1Í, 6Jd. caoli, 1} to 2 luoti, Old each ; 2 to 2J Inch wero placed at Ojd. each ; whitewood hoards, gin , at JES fis per 1,000 ; rough edge ash, 1¿ to 3 inch, at £15" per 1,000; square edge western ash, at £10 5s per 1,<I00; coach pales, £1610s per 1,000. Tbsso prices are a good advance on provlous sales. ' Cernent Is steady ht unaltered ratos for host de- scriptions. Portland is valued at 17a. to 17s Od f ir the botter liked brands; numerous outside braids aro, howovor, offering, and can ho purchased at pr eos ranging from IBs. to 16s Od , according to quilty and condition. Many shipments that haie como forward have gone dlrcot into the hands of tho trade American plaster has been stiffening in value, as shipments have ceased to arrlyo; and although wq still quote 12s. Od. about tho lost, rate ro&llsod; at auctlou, yot, in tho absenco of lato sales, this quotation must bo con- sidered nonilnali ' ' l ' Chemicals -The season Is not yet sutflciontly ad1 vancod to cause any, mo\ omont Ia these.goods, and business has, In a mensuro, boen at a standstill in con- sequence (Soda crystals lia\o been disposed of at £7 15b. on tho fpot, and we uudcrsjaud that as low as £7, 10s. lins i beon1 accept ed, to arrivo Holdorsliavo ro centlyshown a suffer1 'attitude, and demand £8 ; Svo, however, cannot hoar of sales at tho price Carbonate has been sold as low-os-£16 6s, but wo do not quote under £17, ' Caustic Boda Is steady at £1710s, though bujorrr-can "hardly bo got to |rivo~thh figure. Flowers of sulphur stand at £20 to £21; thero is llttlo or-no inquiry. ""Tatlarle acid, for trade lots, has ruled at Is 0d. to Is. 7¿d. In re- sponse to nu inquiry for parcels last week, holder wero compolled to accept of Is. Ed. to Is. 7(1. for kegs'andjars respeoti\ély, to effect sales Cream of tartar is nominal at 12d to Hd. Prepared opium has been quitted at 20s. (Id. Chicory has maintained a steady quotation of 23d., in bond, for best brands. ' > Coffee.-Tho demand generally has boon insignia cant^ and has not exceeded trado requirements A better inquiry was experienced last week for oxport, but on tho whola the market Is vory sluggish, and ex liibitB no signs of improvement, tho advices to hand not being calculated to influonco values elthorway. The Stanloy, whoso departure was reported Kst month, is cxpeoted daily tp anlvo. Wo continuo to quotp for plantation 9Jd. to DJd. Bost samples of Ja-» a havo stood at a nominal ratoofGJd to7id,but thero has boen no de-dro on the part of buyers to operate, and, to push sales, a much lower figure has to bo token. A shipment of 700 bags some tima on tho market was cleared off at 5d. to 5Jd. For nativo Ceylon w o quoto up to Od. Confectlonerj Is in fair supply, but the doraand In not large, Keillor's assorted mcot with attention at lOd. j' YVothorspoon's aro got rid of at 9 Jd. By auction, a parcel of Bassot's was quitted at 7Jd tolled Can- dled peel Is saleoblo at 13id. Jujubes bring 14d to 14JdA Uordngo -The market shows no change. Great do pretsion prevails, and tho manufacturers can got rid of only tho most trifling lots for trado purposes, at 8d. per lb. for half to three quartor inch cordage, whilo £60 contlnuoi to bo obtained for assortments of ono to four and a half Inoh sized ropo. Kuropo- mado im fiorted ropo Is completely lost sight of ; thero is no nquiry, and no sales havö beon effected for some timo past. Seaming twines are in slow sale at 13d to 13Jd. Fish.--Ling was scarco hi tho beginning of tho month, but as supplies ha\o boon coming forward moro frcoly, i alucs have rccedod, and may now bo quoted at Od. to Cid. Half-barrels white herrings, now, ha\ o been sold as high as Sis, but tho domaud lias of lato slackened, and it is hardly llkoly tint the price named can. bo sustained, lib. berringa have buon-dlspoBod of at 0s Dd to 7s- Rod her- rings, in tins, havo been quitted at 23s. to 26i. lib ealnionJias ranged at from 14s Gd. to 16s Forbes' lib. haddocks wero sold at 8s. 3d. ; and Morton's lib, mackerel at 8s Sardines ard lowor, and cannot ba quoted o\or 8s. 7}d. to Si Od for halves, while quarters havo been grot rid of at 4s. 7¿d. to 4s Od Sales of lib. o) atora aro roportod at the reduced prloo of Ss. Lobstora show no variation on former quota- tions of 7s. to 7s 3d Fruits -The marl ot lios,shown moro buoyanoy,but chlofly In regard to -currants, for which thoro his been a tery considerable Inquiry. The month oponed with a w ido rango of quotation, and sales of slightly faulty wore mado at 8Jd. to Sid. As the month pro- gressed, values hardoncd, and towards tho close,, good currants wore disposed of at 3Jd., and primo parcels wore got rid of at 8}d. Raisins havo not varied much, hut pricos havo certainly been stcadlor and firmer than lu pro\ ious mouths. Capos aro quoted at Sid. Eternos and Valencias realise a hko.ilgure, but the demand is not satisfactory. Sultanas aro disposed of at4d. to Od., according to condition, Muscatels find buyors at 6Jà, to 8d. Figs, In primo condition, are acareo and wanted ; such could bo disposed of at 7Jd. Dried apples ara nominal at 6&d; A shipment of 15,000 cocoa nuts, from Fiji, was Bold at £0. Hour and drain.-Breadstuff«, for the groator part et tho month, w oro exceedingly languid, but, though cliarnetcrlfcd by want of animation, had recovered from the offeot of last month's Caltforn'au advlcos. A fortnight ago moro firmness was o\lncod lu regard to flour. The millers fixed tho prieo of bost town-made brands at £14 ; and during tho wholo of last wook amostsatisfnotoiy trado demand was malntalnod at that quotation. During tho samo period wheat firmed slightly, also rising from 6s for host samples to 6i. Id to us. 2d. Gipps Land wheat has realised 6s Od. to 6s. lid , and Tasmanian 6s Oil On the 7th In- stant, however, further arrh als from California wero reported at Sydney, and the markothas again assumod a iery dull aspect, but though a good doil of uneasiness prevails, and buj ors aro Keeping off, in the hope of rates being lower, holdors refuse to quoto undor £14 for host brands of flour, and 0s. Id. to 0i. 3J. for best samplos of wheat. The Cjclono, from Cali- fornia, the vessol alluded to, brought Intelligence from San Francisco to tho 2nd of June, reporting that tho Ashburton had boen chattered to load oats for tho Molbourno market, and that tho barquo BuniB, prtt iously reported as loading for the colonlos, had been withdrawn from tho berth, whilst tho l'onang was loading with a general cargo. Tho markets wore a shade firmer; flour was quoted at 4 COdol., and whoat at 1 OOdol, to 1 70dol. Tho Cyclone brings 260 tons of Hour and 100 tons of oats. Feeding grains lim o shown great activity. Every cargo of maize which has ooma to hand has been cleared off on reaching port, and notwIthiland ing tho arrivals havo boon numerous, tho do maud experienced has smtalnod prlcos, no that thoro has been comparatively no fluctuation lu valuo, and, although It was generally oxpocted thit lowor rates would rulo, values havo stood at from 4s Id to 4s. 2d. Oats participated in tho Improvement, but to a greater degrco, tho adtauco, though trifling, having been moro decided Very superior realised Ia^twcok as much as 4s, Od., but the ordinary run of samples must not bo quoted at moro than 4s 3d. to 4s. 4d Supplies bave come lu from Now Zoalaud pretty freely, but not to an exlont equal to last } ear. Malting barley was disponed of at 6s 3d. Bran has not varied much; wo quoto Is Sad. Colonial oatmoal has boon disposed of at £22 for bott town mido, and poarl barley has beon saleable at £31 to £32 Gunpowder has not boon much doalt in, but tho market has been woll supported. Sales havo boon ro< ported from timo to timo of Hall's bost blasting at 7JI Kamo's has rulod tory steadily at 7d. Outside brands ha\o boon maintained at OJd. to Cad., and one small parcel was sold (to arrive) at Od. Hops hate boon most inactivo Tho markot is over- loaded vi ith Inw qualities, but really good samples ol '08 aro scarce and wanted ; for such Is. Od. has beor required ; but tho state of the marltot at prosont dooi not admit of that price. Low descriptions of '0! Kent hm o been got rid of at lOd to Is. ; medluui qualities havo beon sold at Is 2d. to le 4d. Tas- manian '00 hops nie equally \arlod lhj quality, and pilcos rango from Is 2d. to Is 7d. liait lias been further doprossod ; tho trifling amount of businosB done Blnco our report of last month showi a decline of at least 0d , aud lufoilor pircols haro beor soldat still less. We do not quoto o\cr Os. Od., with a \ orv slack demand. Metals.-The markot generally has not boen marked by much animation, and for sonio descriptions of fror /galvanised) price« hato gano -Nory low. rig iron lm beon Bomowhat unsettled, and It has bcou roally diffl cult to give a reliable quotation. Prices havo rangci at from £6 to £6 10s A Uno ol 800 lona was sole this wock at an extreme figuro. At tho low rato ruling for galvanised iron, some attention has beoi directed towards tho markot. Scotch has boon dis posed of at £24 to £26 for 20 gaugo, and ordinär brands of English havo declined to £26 to £20 ; bos' ruakoa aro quoted at £27 to £23 Moro than on shipment of Oospol Oak, about 160 tons In all, ha changed hands at £27 for 26 gaugo, and plain iron wa sold at £30 Bar and rod Iron Is steady at £9 to £1 10s, according to brand. Thero is no stock holt oulsldo of tb« trado. Sheet Iron command rnodorato attention. Assortments of Nos. 8 to l: aro Ealeablo at £12, while Nos. 20 to 20 commim £1410s, to £16 Plato Iron is disposed of at £12 10s to £13. Hoop Iron Is quiet ; In tho absenco of sales tho prioo Ib nominal at £12 Fencing wire is saloabl at £10, £17, and £18 for Nos. 0, 7, and 8, Ryland' aud Johnston's. Other brands aro quitted at a roduo tlon on tills figuro. Shoot lead Is disposed of at £¿i 10s. 81iot Is neglected ; wo quote £30 Tin plates nn "valued at 16 per cent off list, but thoro Is nothlni doing, lluntr metal is equally nogloctod, and stand ata nominal quotation of 8Jd. Ewbank'a nails an Btcady at 17J per cont. off list. Amorlcan nolls havi bcou \ory slow of salo at 18s. to 10s. For Atnorlcat hardware «o note a fair trado Inquiry. Colllns's am Blurpo'fl heavy axes find buyors at 74s. Collins' heavy picks aro quoted 60 i. 8alcs of Ames's shovel; are reported at 04s. Day'« D. If. shovel«, 81tn. te SOIn, maintain a steady quotation of 63a ; othoi makers, samo siro, aro got rid of at 62s. Sales o hollowaro are reported at twenty- flvo por cent, of Hat. Oil«.-Until last week koroscno had boon llttli noticed. Downor'a has stood at 2«. Id. to 2s. Iljd. Sevoo's has been sold at Is. ll)d, to Is. Hid. Ir the beginning of last week, some 6,000 cases Devoe's In t«o lines, obaugod banda at li. lOJd, but toward ".the close of iho week tbo mar': .r«-,u,"j .,"'_;»'«.C; , apd better prices were oh' ' rí'."T"» dornawhat, .parcelswore quitted at ; ',-?,<«?. , N"","0^ .VT5" ' offer walo of is If' > 1WJ tola. lUd.', while «ii -wat retutod. ' ? ..<' "M & couple bl thousand cases Is lljd Ji1' -»-Unoot Conzon'a was sold privately at Devoe" - »uetlon, Is. lojd, was ao»ptodlnr 500 casos v|, « Regarding shipments coming forward,", ad ' .J«,tO hand from America state that tho Confldoncu '«'tared Vraf frorB New York tor Sydney ^ and Ade-' laido,'on tho Uti» May,"with 7,000< cases; tbo Vfîllrara Turner on the 12th, for Now Zeilaod, with 4,00"« 'cases ; tbo J. P. Wheeler, on two 28th, for Mel- bourne, with 9,000 coses. Tbo Aubie Bacon eloareJ from Boston on 25th May, for Melbourne, hut appears .tohavono oil. There wro two vossols at,New York and two at Cotton loading for Melbourne, one at Now York and one at Besten for Adelaide, and Olio at Ne i York and ono at Boston tonSydney, and ono at Boston ,for New Zealand.' Wo aro further advised Of the total doBlruetion of Dcvoo and Co.'s korosono oil works by flre,,with about lï.pOObarrels ol,oil, Castor pi/, up to tho mall's arrival, ivas quoted at 4s Od. to 6s. ; but the fact of 63,000 gallons having boon advised by the Aboukir, 'from Calcutta, has affoctod values, and bujeta üonot now caro to operate.. Llnicod Is in slow sale at 4s. to-4s. 2d. In drums; and hulk is valued, at , 3s. Od. Colza is saleable at 4s. 3d. ln,wood, and ,4a. fid. In diuins. Chinese,oil Is unallorod. Vfo nota sales at 4s. Polar oil has dropped to £10. . Oilmen's Stores.-Thoro has beon a fair, thmt»h not ' I activo, Inquiry, and values show'little alteration.1 Fioklos have been sold to some extent, i according to marks, at 7s Od. to 8s. 0U for common, and 0s. Od. for i medium brandB ; Us. can bo got for Grosso apd,_luek> . well's. Assorted bottled fruits havo boen sold at 10s. ,31. Block currants rulo at-lle. 3d. Colonial lib. jams stand at 7s. Od. to 8s. Od. for best descriptions; (uforior bav o boen sold at 4s. Ôd. to > 59. ' English' marmalade wasdhposcd of at 8». 7d. Salad oils, in quarts, aro saleable at 21s. to 23s. and 25s. Od. ; pinta havo beon sold ut 10a. to 11s. Gd, and half-pints aro quitted at 68 Cd. to 7s. 3d. and 8s. Bints castor aro got rid of at 9s, Od. to 0s. Od ; half-pints 'aro moved off at 5b. 9d. 'f nucos are placed at 0s. Od. to 8s.' 0d. for Half pints. Capers aro sold at 6s 6d. to 7s. ' Cohnan's mustard, in 71b. tins, finds buyers at, 8Jd.; poundjtins havo 'boon purchased at 10s. Od. to lis., and half-pounds at 6s. .Od. io 7s.i half-pounds superfine roalised 8s \\\i. Koou'a , mustard Ib cleared oft nt 8d. per lb : «'hilo pound and half-pound tins realise IDs. 0d land 0s. Od. -White starch is saleable' at 6Jd. to 5¿d. ; bluo Btaroh is got rid Of at' 6Jd. to E}d. < _ssonco of anchovies was sold at 4s, Od.; and anchovies wore, placed .at 4s. lOJd. Lemon julie was deposed of by auction at 8s. 7Jd. per, doten. .Limejuice woh quitted at 8s Od. per gallon. Glass jar tait brought 4s lOJd. per dozen. Day and Martin's pasto blacking was got rid of, all faults, at 4?. 3d. to 5s. 6d. por gross. Foreign vinegar, In'bulk, was purchased at Jo. 2Jd.'; best English vinegar ¡brings 2s.' 2d. to 2s 4d. Taylor's cocoa brought Is. 1J I. Liquorice realised ,113d. Bo Ttoubalx's vestas wera ' sold by auction at 65s. for 1,000's, 34s. for 500's, 17s. 'for 260's. Plaid Vestas'woiOBOld at7¿. 6d.,to arrlVo.' 1 Brjant and May's matches, faulty, were qulttod at 4*. to 4°. Hd. Sago is 'quoted at 3|d. Macaroni and vermicelli aro saleable at Bid. . Block popper is valuod at ed., and white peppor af7d. t , , ' Fruí ieions-There, Is nothing, whatever, dollie; in imported provision», and, lmleed"thoro aro none on band to sell. Colonial hams and bacon rncot with a ready 6a]o'nt lOd. to1 Is. for the1 former. Bacon is disposedofiatSJd. toOdli PrlmO'buUor isvory scare*, and much Wanted; any offering Is eagerly purohasodat 1b Od. Cheeso Ib also far from abundant, and primo qualities of Victorian and .New Zealand realise 13d." while Sydney made can bo got at Is. . , . , I " Quicksilver is offering at lo. lid, but thero isvory little trado doing.1 Thero aro buyers at Is. 10d', but no soliere. <\- i > < i > ' < t f Bice.-About the departure of tho last maihbuslness was reported as ¡ponding In ncw-Patna, and subse- quently it carno out that 450 tons changed hands, at a prlro sustaining our quotation of £22, but wo are without any further transactions to refer to sines. Advices from tho rieb porta ' by 'the mail just io ' aro Guffloiontly favourable' to impart finnuess to the merket, Thoir effect, i however, has not jot become sufficiently developed. From Calcutta, nothing is ad- vised, and holders are consequently vory sanguine of getting rid of Patna at fair ratos; £22 to £23 is asked for best now.' Saigon is ' offering at j£20. For Java, best temples, .£21 is required. ' ' ">' . ' ' i Salt -In tho beginning, of tho month val nos were vory irregular, but tho parcels prosslbgon tho market ' having been clearod off, .boldon once moro stood for £6, at which sales have been mado but only in trade parcels. Wo understand that the Lightning' shipmont of 233 tons, was taken up last week, on terms with- held. ' 'I L i Sugar in thoi beginning of the month looked vory b cavy and depressed, with tbo probability, as thoro vvsB, of having 18,000 bags forced off In one wcok, bul tho purchase privately on tho 20th, tho day previous to an extensivo auction sale, by the Victorian- Suga 1 Company of 8,500 bogs whitocrystals, had amostro assuring effect , Confidence was inspired, and the market assumed a steadier aspect at ono?. On Tuos day forenoon, the 20th ult, tho damaged portion of tho Laurita's cargo of,Ponang sugar, amounting to 8,700 bags, waa got rid of at satisfactory prices. The disposal of tho parcel above referred to anticipated to the extent of the quantity named the silo on the 21st, but tho balance of the shipmont advertised, amounting to 5.000 bags, was offered that day, and though the bidding was not all tbat could bo desired, tho sale as a whole turned out much botter than at ono time could possibly havo been expected, and the result shows that tbo feollng of doadness which has so long prevailed Is giving way to one of ahoalthier chiracter. Some 8,600 bags wore got rid of nt prices ?which ovidonco an advance i of 20s. per ton on grey crystals, whilst other sorts sustain last sale ratos. Browns realised 31s. Od. to 82s. ; good1 counters, 32a.' 3d. to 83s. 3d. ; good to finest counters, 84s. Od. to 36s. ; good yellow crystals, 80s. öd. to 30s. Od. ; gray crystals, 87s.'Od. to 38s. IA parcel of flue whito was sold privately at . 41b. About SOO bags whitish to whito crystals were sold to-day at £30 to £10 Os. Durinz the following week there was loss doing, bat the market was well sustained. On Monday, the26th, the damaged sugar per Ocean Bride, amounting to 8,100 bags, was offorcd by publie salo. Alargo attendance waa attracted,' and tho auctioneers suoceoded Id placing tho whole at a marked advanco on the finer qualities ; for tho lower sorts, fully cur- rent ratos woro reallsod. On tho 27th, the balance of tbo now Margaret's cargo, amounting to 1,818'bogs, was sold by auction. Good rations brought' 2Bs. 3d. to 80s. ; Ano brown, 82s. 3d. to 32s. Od. ; middling j ellows, £88s. 3d. to 34s. 8d ; and for middling to good .white, 87s. Od. to 40s. was obtalnod. Tho some day some 000 bags woro disposed of privately at £30 for low browns, and £30 to £8910s. for whitish crystals. Last wcok moro strength was imparted, and a downward tendency obsorvftble was »wtod, Tho auction sala on tho 4th instant was a suc- cess, for although tho sale drnggod very much at the first, -move animation was experienced towards the close, and, on tho wholo, botter prices woro roal- ised than w as thought at one timo could bo got. 6,422 bags, being tho balanco of tho Bombay's cargo, wore offered, of which 4,144 wero sold. Middling yolloir crystals brought 34s. 3d. to 31s. Od. ; good yellows, 36». Gd to 85s. Od. ; fine yellows, 80s. Od. to 87s ; middling to good white, 37s to 38s. Od_figures which show a slight decline on nome, while others maintain into rates. The Bale on tho 6th was well attended, and a fair amount of spirit was evinced In theblddlng. The cargo offered was tho Bldonle's, comprising 7,073 bags ; and tho auctioneers succeeded in disposing of 5,800 bags, at 26s. to 28s. 0J. for rations, 29s. to 30). Od for bl owns, 34s. Od. to 85s. 3d. for middling yel- lows and 30s. for fine yellows. Those figures show an ndvauca of 15s. to 20s., on the better sorts, Tim Isabella, from Mauritius, which arrivod at tho Hoads on tho 6th, has boon ordered on to Now Zealand. About 2,000 bags Mauritius wero offored by auction on tho loth, ond on tho 11th Iho Valkljrlon's cargo, amounting to 8,260 large and 2,000 small haze, was submitted to public competition, of which 8,020 big; wero placed at from 20s. Od. to 80s. for browns, 32s. 8d. to 32s. Od. for middling countors, 84s. to 31s 01. for fine do, 35s. 0ä, for Ouo )ollevr,'80s. lo '¿ii. 3d. foi middling to good w hilo. Tea.-Messrs. James C. Robertson and Co., In their usual monthly circular, report as followa :-" The Avoca arrivod on tho 4th inst,, with datos from Bong Kong 23rd June, Foo-Ohow-Foo 19th June. During Uio post month a botter feeling has boon oxpoiloncod for tho finer descriptions of congous (which have now become vory scarce), consequent on tho con- tradictory and somovvhat unsatisfactory advlcs from China as to tho quality of the new season's crop, and thero now remains nono on ural hands. Common to medium kinds havo beon largely dealt in at auction at vory unprofitable prices te Importers. Numerous parcels have boen torcod undoi tbo hammer, and in most casos Bold without any reserve, sellers having to submit to a further reduc tion, which has had the effoetol damping this market and although quotations havo remainod muclt< as before, wo cannot blind ourselves to the faot that tlw market has receded. Private sales have oxtendoi over almost all descriptions of teas, although ii limited quantities. Foo chowdust and sittings hav« been 'saleable at 8d. to Od. ; ordinary to good ordi nary.lOd. to 11 Jd. ; common to good common, Is.,ti Ib. lil. ; blackish leaf kinds to mediums havo beon soli at rather less than our ¿ quotations. Scontod ant green teas aro in limited request, and prices nominal Auction - Sales.-On tho 20th July, 3,300 packages ex various shlpB, woro offered and sold. On the 20t1 July, 2,011 packages, ex Gustav, woro offorod, am 680 packages sold. On tho 10th'hist., 1,003 half chest«,ei Mannora and Stordt, were offered and sold On the 11th inst. 2,720 packages, ex various ships w ero offored, and sold ; and, 4,000 packages, oj Avonvale, wero offered, and 2,053 packages Bold Tho deliveries for tho post month havo booi 101,7101b., against 60,1241b. at same timo last yeai Tile stook in bond In Molbourno is 3,135,0321t agplnst 1,107,6041b. at samo timo last year. Ou .quotations aro (in bond):-Congou-Dust and sill lugs, 8d. ; broken Foo-ctiow, lOd. ; ordinary to goo ordinary, lid. to lo. ; mixed leaf kinds, Is. OJd. to li 2d. ; do., with little flavour, Is. 2d. to li Sd. ; blackish leaf kinds, Is, 4d. to Is. Ed. do., strong, Is. fijd. to Is. 7d. ; do., strong with flavour, Is. 7d. to Is. Od. ; do., kalsow ktndi rathor strong,-Is. lOd. to 2s.; do., pekoo-soi chong and pokoo flavour, 2s. Id. to 2s. 3d. ; do., fin rich pokoo-souchong flavour, 2s. 4d. to 2s. Od. do., vory Uno, do., 2s. Od. to 2s. lOd. ; low Taj shan, 4 Jd. to 6d. ; souchong, common, Ib. to Is. 2d. middling to One, Is. Sd. to Is. Gd. ; extra tint none ; orango pekoo, scented ordinary and brnkei Is. Cd. to Is. 7d. ; do., good to Uno, Is. 8d. to Is. Od, do., finest country kind, 2s. ; long loaf, Canton lea 28.; caper, scontod, common to middling, nono ; do. middling to Uno, Is. lid. to 2a. Id,; do., finest, nono ; bj «onakin, Canton, nominal, 4d. to 6d. ; true common t fine, nono ; hyson, common, nono ; good to uno, none finest, nono ; young hyson, Canton and Tivanka kinds, nominal, la. lju. ; good yellowish loaf t Ano hyaon flavour, none ; gunpowuer. Canton, goo to fino, nominal, la. Sd. to _. ; country kinds, none Importai Canton, good to Ano, nominal. Is. Od. to li 10u.; country kinds, nono. Abovo quotations aro'n per lb. in bond for cbosts (bo*os being worth 2Jd. t Sd. per lb. moro). Duty ou coa In Victoria, 3d. pc lb." Timber.-Thoro has been fair buslnoss doing in a descriptions. On Tuesday, tho 20th July, th cargo of red Baltic deals ox Nation's Hopo wa offered, nnd tho cargo, which consisted of 12,45 ploceslxS, 0x3, 7x3, and 7 x2}, was disposed of s i 6-lOd. to 4|d. per foot for 0 x 8. Kx James Vinlcombi Southern Ocean, Fumosa Abbey, andTyrol-l,378,147f Scotch flooring, lining, and weatherboards, woro sol as follows:-Four-out weatherboards brought 7a. 3d. t 7s. 6d. per 100ft lineal; 0 x } white T. and G., boadec 7s. 3d. do. ; 8 X i rod do., plain, 0s. Od. to 0s. Od. do. Ox* white do., 6s. Cd. to 7a. do. ; 0 x J white do,, 0s. Ox } do., will to and red do., 7s. 3d. do.; (1 x J, 7s. 8d. rcd do. Oi. Od. do.; Ox} white do., 0¿. Od. and 0j. 7i do.; O x J red do, 0s. Gd. to 0s. Od. do. : 0 x 1J whito do. 10s Od. and 10s. lOd. do. ; 0 X li red do., 12s. 3d t 12s. Od. do.; 38,800 4ft. sawn laths, 21s. per 1,000 82,600 4Jft. do., 22s. Od. do. Ex Royal Edward 75,807ft, 6 x li whito, icallsod 10s. DJ. por 100ft. 48,757ft Ox} red, 0s. 6U. to 0s. Od. do. ; 35,246ft. 0 ; j white, Os. Cd. to Od. Od. do. ; 86,150ft. 0 x white, Os Od. do.'; 60,800ft. sur:out weather^,},, 6s. Od. to Os. do. Ex Prairie-7.0DO brt>( palings, fetched 116s. 6d. per 100. V'l,mg tho followi ing week the chief trp,asa.t)tions wore com piised In tho sales of one day, whloh ornbracod lumber per Barrington and Shatpsburg-anJ the codât 16,260ft. «hito pino deals, £7 17s. .Od. do. ; 10.000 /4Jft. lath ?, ,88s. per ¡1.000; 66.0CO 4ft. laths, 80s. do.; 610 doors,1 assorted bizos, D-Mi-'trnrl R P., 8s to 10s. Od. each; ex Ulcosts, damaged, 200'ddor«, assorted alies, Dit. and R.P., 7s. Ha. ito 16s.<Od. do.; ex frharpsbbrg, 20,000ft white pine deals, £7, Ids.'por 1,000ft.; ex Yop Tongs, &c;¡., ll.OOOfL.çedar boards,3d., toi 3}d. per foot. On Tuesday a shipmont of 206,OOO feet Scotch flooring, ox . Marpesia, ,was offered for sale-6 x 1J v*hlto T. aud'G , roallsed lOi. Od. per 100 feet lineal Í 6 rx r£ rod do , 12s Od. do. ; 0 x i red do., brought 0s. 6d.-do. ! 6 x î white do.j 0j. Od. do. ; G X Jred do., 7s 'Gd, do, ; 6 xil whlto do., 7s. 3d. do.1 ; 0 x i white do ¡ Oí. 3d. do, ; 6 x j red do., Os. 3d do ; 6 x j'white,beaded, do, 7s.' do. ; 6 x J do., plain, 6i. do. ; ' four-out wbito weatherboards sold'at 7s Od do'; alx-oUtdo.át us! to tis. 3d. do. 07,000fti whlto pine shelving, and 117,000ft. T. and G. flooring, per Wynaud.woro offered the same day. On tho 10th, ex Uolga, all faults, deck cargo-06 pieces, 6x6, white Baltic, Toalisod 2ïd. por foot'llneal ; «17lplece8,1 8V. 4, do. battens, 4jd. do ; 41 tpléccii, 8x*8,<do', 8'13-lOd. do'; 831 pleoos,'6Jx2i 'do,, 2 8-10d.'»to'2»d. do. JEx'Helena, nirfaults, 418 rplíees, li-* B, spTuoO'deals, 4 7-32d. per foot for 9 X 8 ; '60 .pieces, 11 x 24,'ÏOi x 8,-104 x 2i, IO x 8, 9j x 3, SiU.'Uo. ; 13,440-44«. spruce and plno'pickots, £0 6s. per 1:000 ; 4,000 Oft. palinga, 18s 3d. per 100 ; 3,000 6ft do , -10b '0d. do. Ex Francis B Fay. 201,555f1t. 'white pine shelving brought £0 7s 8d to '£9 10s. per 1,000ft/; 260,010ft. do.', T. and G , £7 17s" 6d to £8 2s Od. do. ; 173,000 4Jtt. lathi, 83s. Od. to 30s. per 1,000 ; 100 doors, 3 x '7 x 1J D M., 16s Od ; 301 do, 2 10 x 6-10 x 1 j1 D.M , 18s. Od to 13s Od. ; 407 do , 28x0-8x1} D.U., 14s ; 015 do do., 1} D.M. 13?. 3d. ; 162 do. do , li D.M., 12s Od ; 411 do , 2 8 x 6 0 x li DM., Jls Od. to 11s Od, Ex Gemsbole,' 81|622ft. clear pine,' £13 12s. 60. to £16 V 70,822ft.' white pino, T. and G., £8. *? " '. ,, Tobacco.-Tho early part of tho month .was ehaJ raeteilscd by great tamoness,, artdi tndobd, business throughout tho month has boon Vory quiet. Ton local ' trado ' demand has been yory Blow, while the orders for export havo generally boon trilling, and of no oxtcnt. For Ano tens, which woro thon scaroo, a fair Inquiry was experienced, and 'extreme prlcos woro required. Twists, howovor, were not so finn, but hpjders showed every, desire to moot buyers, and this led to considerable transactions, as tho month progressed. > During1 tho Bocond weok a parcel of 150 boxes common tons was placad in two linos, ati7d. tb 8d. ; later'on in tho week an inquiry fur twist led to the sale of 160 half tlorces Raglan and Quoon of the South, at a price withhold. The aubtion eales went off in a very spirited.manner, in [consequence 'of the high character of Cnmoron'if mako, of whicb tho siles chiefly conslstpd, and which descriptions havo of lato been very scarce On Thursday, the 20th ult, 05 paokatres wert Bold under the hammer. Tens brought 0-jd ; god bars, damaged, Sid, ; plocos, damaged. 7ld. : twist, damaged, 8Jd.; leaf, damaged, ljd. ; twist, 4j¡d. 'And on tho O0th,-somo ^20 packaiíos wore offered for salb under < tho hammer, chiefly of Cameron's moke; a largo' attendance was tocured. Ninoty-sfx packages wero disposed of at tho following extreme prices !-Venus tena, realised Is. 2Jd. to Is. Bd. ; Two Seas tens brought Is OJd. to Is. OJd. ; Venus fives woro sold at Is. 4d., and Two Seas fives at li>. 4}d. The aromática offered had ,to bo withdrawn. The news by tho mall, ought to have aotod favourably on|tho markot,' lnasinbcu as tho 'shipments advised from New York aro on a very modorato scalo. Wo cannot, how over, report any 'Improvement as yet, as the dullness hitherto experienced has been in no degree relieved. Sales privately can only he effcCtod with great difficulty,' and then only at reduced rates The biddings at the salo on tho 6th lust, two days after the moil letters wero delivered, were especially languid, and only small lots could bo disposed of. The shipments of Cameron's mako ^lit Liverpool aro still somowhat extensivo, but thote from America direct only amount to 207 packagoB for Sjdneynnd Adolatdo, 216 packages for New Zealand, and 203 packages forMelbourne. The auction salo of damaged tobacco on the 2nd attracted a good deal of attention amongst the trade; eomo 284 pscltagos wera diqnscd of, and thq following vory extremo rates woro realised :-Tens brought Is. Id. to Is 3}d. ; fives, Is 8d to Is 3}d. ; and twists were placed at l8. 2Jd to 1« 3Jd all faults, and not cash. A quantity of genuino Havannah cigars vas offered at samo timo, of which only faur casos weie disposed of. On tho Oth, undor tho hntnmor, some fifty packages wero got rid of. Tho sale, how e\or, waa far from lively, and it was not (without somo considerable difficulty that any progress could bo ¡nado at all ; tho wholo of tho aromática ' offered had to bo withdrawn. Tens wero quitted at OJd , lmlf-ponnda at 7Jd, and pieces at 8}d. Two hun- dred and twontj-four packages, consisting of tens, twist,I and aromatice, were also sold as under: Twist, all faults, brought lljd. to Is per lb ; medium tens, 8d. ; do , with all'faults, Old ; aromatic, half poundB, 8Jd to 8jd.; do , fives, Sid.; by privite con- tract, 187 three-quarter boxes medium tens wore placed at 8d. and 8Jd. Our quotations aro ¡-Common tons and half-pounds, from OJd. to 7Jd ; medium, 8d to 10d.; good, Is. ; Uno havo brought as much as Is 4d. Twists -Somo vcrv questionable lots havo hoon offorcd lately, at rates rising up to 13d St. Andrew's and Raven and Barrett's maintain tholr position at from Is SJd. to Is 0d. Aromatio half pounds and pounds are neglected, prices nominal ; fancier, Is to 1b 6d. 'Clears.-Ormond's Swisb, 85s t3 87s 6d ; Havnnnah-Manllla, 76s ; genuine Havannah, £13 to £40. duty paid. . Wines and Spirits.-There has been little doing privately in wines Medium sherries havo been got rid of at £40 to £60 In bond, and good common port wines wore quitted at £28 to £20 The ohlof f eaturo in the month's transactions was the auction sale on tho 23rd ult., when about 450 packages red wines w ero disposed of. Forrester's double diamond port realised £8.r>109., and'four diamond was disposed of at £53. Low pott wine was quitted at £20, and Spanish red wine was placed at £17. Brandies have mot with little inquiry, and quotatfouB in tho absonco of actual sales are nominal. MartoU'a and Hcnnossy's aro offer- ing at 7s. Cd., hut the trade done is of the most trifling description. Champagne Vineyard 1b valued at 7s. Vincgrowcr's is quoted at 6s Od., but fpr a considerable parcel sold at auction a lower figuro was accepted. Otard's has boon offering at 6s. 0J ; wo understand that 0s Od. secured a shipmont of palo to band. Associated Vine} ard realises Os 3d. B. Freres' is disposed of at 6s, lOJd, to Os, Contrai Vino yard lu irado pateóla cóintüaiida fis. ßJ. A Uno oí llObhd. in hhds. and quarters, dark and palo, was cleared off at a concession on that figure. Oaso brnndloshavo bccnqultted at a reduction ; about three weeks ogo about 8,000 cases Honncssy's changed hnndBat20s. Cd., subsequently a still further reduc- tion was submitted to. Just prior to tho mail's arrival some 1,600 cases wero quitted at 20s. 8d. Sinca, how over, no sellers have declared themselves under 20). 6d., and though buyors havo boon loath to pay that prlco tlioy haï o boen compolled to Bubmit. Martoli's Is' offering at 21s. Otard's can bo purchased at 24s ; 1,000 casos, per Electric, wero placed at about that (Inure. Renault's 1b steady at 22s. Associated Vineyards has boon quitted at 17c Od. Of duty-paid brandy wo note large Bales of tho corkscrew, at prices ranging from 40s. to 44s. Tho elephant brand is likewiso in favour at S3s. to 40s. Geneva has been very dull ; a few trade parcels of JDKZ Apel bujors at 16s. to 16s. Cd. long duty; 3,000 coses woro sold .this weok on private terms; short duty is wanted at 12s. ; V. II. and Co 's long duty is i slued at 13s. ; B. and V*. brings 12s. Rum has de- clined to 81. Sd, to 3s. 4Jd. for IO o.p. and3j. Ted. fnr 80 o p. Tho ontlro shipment of Penang rum ox Laurlta, forty puncheons, was sold on the 23rd nit. at 2s, l)d ; and tho South American rum per Thomas Brown realised at samo time 2s. Od. Whiskey is steady at 4s, 3d. to 4s. Dd" but thero Ib little doing. REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Tho business of tho mail month has not been of very great amount. Thero has bcou a fair average demand, but an absenco of speculative excitomont. Debentures and all Investment socurltlos maintain tholr prices. Tho Backward movomont lu bank stocks has boon to some extent arrested by the influx of the half-yearly dlvldonds, some of "whloh aro Booking reinvestment. There havo been tho nume- rous meetings -which usually follow tbo 30th Juno, and tho reports submitted to shareholders by the various boards of dlroctors have all been deemed satisfactory by the shareholders, and tlioy havo boen confirmed. The business in alluvial mlnoa has boon considorablo, but, quartz ventures hang heavily on hand. Tile Promotors of many of tho noner quartz undertakings under-estimated tho timo it would require to reach thel stage of profit, and meantime the market his suffered extensivo and continuous doplotlon in the form of oalls. Of the ultimate results of any rational mining venturo in Victoria there is little to foar. Gold Is so abundant and so widely spread, knowledge la eo general, and appliances so good, that thero should bo vory few failures. Many of tho mishaps that occur in mining aro duo either to wilful dishonesty, to an o\ cr estimate of prospects, or to too groit impetuosity in bujing. The successiul formation of tho Australian Diamond Mines Company has boen followed byan effort to float tho Mudgee Gold aud Diamond Milling Company. Tho day first fixed for closing the list has passed, but as yet there la no definite statement as to tho number of shares applied for. There aro reports of two diamonds of great size and value being lound-one at Armidale, and ono at Burrungong-but deflnito reports from exporta aro required before belief will bo accorded as to tho , reality of tho stones bolng diamonds. The ilrst namod welchs "¿oz, so that if it tunis out tobo/a diamond It will rank with tho largest in tho world. AVeryporfoct Btouoof 5J- carats, worth ovor £100, has boon reccivod in Melbourne ; It was taken from tho ground of the Australian Diamond Mines Com- pany como months ago; somo stones also from this ground, which wero transmitted to London to bo cut and polished, have beonreceivod backagain, and oro of puro w ator and great brilliancy. The report of the London lapidarles Is that they aro unusually Ano gems. Debentures.-Victoria Government sixes balbeen re- peatedly sold at 111, and havo steadily maintained that prlco all month, desplto tho comparatively adverse condition of tho money market. Other debenture securities maintain good prlcos, but aro not ofton moved. Somo sales of Collingwood Gas sixes Banks. -Ballarat Bank not dealt in. Colonial Bank sold down to £7 10s , and offered at that price. Commer- cial Bank havo boon placed at £5 11s. to £5 12«. cum div. of 8s. per sharo; the markot Is firm at £5 7s Ol. buyers ox div., and thero aro not many sellers at presont National Bank ruo\o off pretty readily at £6 18s. to £6 10s. ; thero is no ^ory eager demand, but the símica go at £618) ; Adelaido register taken at £014s. Bulk of Now South Wa'cs dull, and ne domaud. Land Mortgage Bank sold at 7s. premium ox div. of 2s. por sharo ; tho mooting passed off successfully, and the paid-up capital is now £60,000, tho wholo of tho last Issue of shores having bcou readily absorbod. Fol- low ing tho cxamplo of tho Land Mortgage Ba.uk, which had Its origin chiefly amongst the trading and shopkceplng classes, the Maritime and General Credit Company proposes to Increase its capital, with every prospect of the operation being a successful one ; al- ready a large number of shares aro takenup.. Bank of Victoria shares obtainable at £41 16s. ex div., or perhaps £41 10s. ; the dividend was £1 fis. per share. Gas Companies.-Ballarat Gas offered at £12. Boilers of Bendigo Gas at £4, buyers at £8 16b. Castlemaine Gas sold at £2 17s. Od. Last sales of Collingwood and Fitzroy Gas ut £3 ex dividend; market 'very bare of stock. Daylos ford Gas offordd at £7 10s Melbourne Gas sold at £8 4a. ox dividend at rate ot ten per cent, and with tho right to a nevV issue agreed to at tho meeting, dnsuranco Companies.- Australasian Fire and Marino sold last at 15s to 15a. Bd. ; inarkot Qrm ; no diyldend at meeting. Tho Australasian Lifo Assurance Com- pany dcélarcd.'a 'dividend (quinquennial) 'of 4s '«or ' Vhare ; price about 20s. Australian ' AlU&hco; sold at 27». Od. Tho National Fire Insurance Company had a good meeting, and declared their first dividend at tho closo of ono year's oxlstenco; price 7a. 6d to 7s. Od. Victoria- _U6~and General wero worth I £3 cum, tbo dividend of ten por eont. Nothlngrdolpg in Victoria Firo and Marine. - Miscellaneous Compa- nies -Tho Ilobson's Bay Railway Company, aftor pro- viding dlvidond.carrl ed forward a rather larger balanco than UBual to next half-year ; 'sales at _52 Bendigo Waterworks aro offered Something 'undor late prices. Mining Companies -Tho principa) fluctuations during the mail month'up to Thursday evening (August 12) ' have been :-Australian Diamond Mines (5s paid), 10s. to 11s Od, j Bond and Albion Consols, £617s Od, to £0 ; Boníha«', £100 to £180 ; Brook o' Day, £8 to £7' 15s., Buninyong, £1 to £5 ; Greet Gulf, £3 6s to £2 ; Kneebone, K1 Dorado, £4 to £415s. ; Koh-i-noor, Bal- larat, £616s. to £7 12s Od. ; Leviathan, Napoleons, £17'to £21; Park, £12 2s. 6d. to ¡£12 12s. 6d. ; Prince of Wales, .Cobbler's, £4 to £810s. ; St Goorgo and Band, £5 to £810s. and up to £4 ;,United A'blon. and Prince of Wales, £7 10s. to £0 6s1., and back to £8 6s! ; Working Minors', £4 to £0,' and bock to £4 ; All Saints', £817s. Od. to _310'.; Inkermann and Durham, £2 7s. 6d ,to £3, and back to £2 7s. 0d. ; Nov/ liol land, £110s. to £1; Hand andBand,-_24 to £il 10s ;' Winter's Croohold, £64 to £61 J. Black ¿Horse, £50 to. £85 ; Catherine Reof United. 5s, Od. to Os.: Hercules, Bontligb.'Os. to1 4s J'Hópo, Wood's Point, r40a. to 22s Od ; Johnson's Beef,' 10s. to 7s. 6d ; Lóngfollów,i£3< to £116s ; New.North Clunes, £105 to, £152; NU Dos-, porandum, 8s. to Os ; North Gipps Land, £0 to £0 ; North Hustler's, 12s. to lös. 6d. ; Empress, Stringor's,. £1(1 , to £16 : Kangaroo Bob, £2 to £4; Long Tunnel, £70 to ,£75; Nowington, £5.5s, to ¡C4J Sa ; .'North Clunes Consols, £20 to' £15. Thofdlvidondsfduo or; declared for; the four wooks 'ending 7th August amount to £142,720. Of this sum £92,706 consists of the annual or hall-yoarly declara- tions of 'Various jolnt-Btock companies- viz., banks, gas, jallway, apd insurance,companies. ¡ Ipino In- stance has there been any diminution of tbo rate of dlvidorid ; theró have been several at higher rates, and there aro some declarations for the first timo r Tbo mining dividends amount to £40,000, of which 10 quartz mines' contribute £22,330, and 10 alluvial mines £27,630. 'Tho total from mines shows afalllngofi of £.16,080 as compared with tho -preceding four w eeks. The dividends, in detail, bavo boon as follows : For 'week ending July 17-Al Castle Reef, 3s, 6d. per 8,640th; Argus, ' Bendigo, 0d.' per 20,000th ; Bl»ck Horso, ' Egerton, '15a. per 2,500th ; Costerfield Gold and (Antimony, 10s. per 2,000th; Great Gulf, 4s. por 8,000tb ; Hopo. Wood's Point, Is. per 12,000th ; Ironbark, Bendigo, Od." per sbaro ; Koh-1 noor, 5s. por 3,200th ; North Speclmen-hll', 2} per cent, on capital ;. Sir J.ohn Franklin, Wood's Point, 6s por 2,'400th ; Waballo, Stringer's Creek, £5, per 600th. Fpr the week'ending 'July ,24 -Melbourno Gas and Coko, at rato of eight per cent per annum ; Victoria Lifo and General Insurance, 4s. per share, being, with bonus, at rate of 2Ü per cent, on capital ; Marítimo and General ; Credit at > rate of 10 per cent, per an- num ; Band and Albion Consols, Ballarat, 2s Od. per 22,500th ; Bonshow, Ballarat, £1 per 8,300th ; Ex- tended Sons of Freedom, Chiltern, 8s. per 0,314tli ; Golden Hbrn.'lOs. per'2,600th; Kohinoor, 6s. por 3,200th ; Pork, 10s per 12,S00thj St. George and Band, 6s.1 per 0,000th. For wcok ending July 81-Colltng I wood, Fitzroy, and District Goa, at rate of 10 per cent, per annum',' and bonus of Is. per sharo ; Land Mort- gage Bank Of victoria, nt rate of 10 per cent, per annum; Atlas,1 Springdallah (final), 21a. Od, per' 1,408th1; Golden Bower, Donovan's Crcok, 2s Cd.1 per 2,400th; Oieat Gulf, 2s 6d. por 8,000th; Hopo Tribute, Bendigo, lOs.i per 210th ; LoVlatlian Amalgamated, Black,River, 6s. per 2,000th; Mag-i nu m Bonum,, Maryborough, 10s. per 456th; New, North Clunes, Clunes, £3 per i 2 058tb ; Royal Standard,'Black River, 8s per, 1,000th; United Albion add' Prince of Wales', 10s.' per 0,44Sth. For week ending August 7-Bank of Victoria, at rate of IO, per cent, (half j early), £25 000 ; Hobsln's Bay Ballway, at rato of 7 por cent, (half-yearly), £18,714 ;, Australasian ¿lfc (quinquennial), 4s. perchare ; Com- mercial Bank( nt rate of 0 per cont. (hvlf-yo»rly), £0,000; Souihorn Insurance, at rate of 10 per cent, (half- yearly), £5,000; Ballarat Bank (half-v oarty), at rate Of 10 per1 tont,' ostlolalod £2,500 ; National Fire, at rate off 8 por cent (annual), £1,800. Catherine Reef United, Bendigo, 2.} pir cent, ou capital ; Golden Lake, Scarsdalo,, 6s "pur 2,400)h ; Gulden Stream, Bears dale. '6*. per 2,000th ; Galatea, 6s. per 2,100th ; Longfellow's, Strlngor's Creek, 15s. jier 1,800th The Bendigo and district dividends have been (exclud- ing yields >undor 25oz ) for week ending July 17 Frederick tho Great, Sebastian, 185oz ; Morning Light,, OOoz ;,Annabolla, 43oz ; NU Desperandum Company, OOoz ; Williams and Co , Kamarooka, 112oz ; Railway Company, Bollovuo Reof, 51oz ; Young Man Fiiday,Co_pany, S4oz ; Great Britain Company (fort- night), 104oz ; Elleemoro Company, Sloz. ; Bird's Reef Tribute, 41o_; Albion Tributo, Bird's Reof, 180oz ; Johnson's Reef Company, 20oz ; I Indefatigable Ccmpaoy, 40oz. ; Catherine Reef United Com- pany, 2820Z. ; Try Again Company, 70oz. ; Boll and Watson, SOoz ; Providence Oompiny, 05oz For week ending Jjly 24-Monumont-b.Hl Tribute Company, 81oz ; Hope Tributo Company (from 83 loads), 7loz. ; Georgo Klliott, 38oz ; CarshaltonReef Company, 81oz ; Prtnoo Alfred Tribute Company, lS4oz.; Union Jook Company, 93oz. ; North Whip Tribute Company (from 4 tons), 41oz. ; Huntly Deep Lead Company, 50oz ; Victoria Reef Gold Mines Company, SOoz. ; North ' Hustlor's, 70oz ; Ener- getic (40 tons), OOoz. For week ending July 31-Frederick 'tho Great Company, 78oz ; An- nabella Company, 48oz ; Morning Light Com- pany, Huntly, 680Z. ; Urio t and Frances, 70oz ; Nil Desperandum Company, OOoz. ; Prospecting Claim, Freeling'» Reef, 02oz ; Clarke and Cotn Ëany, 37oz. ; ' Ellcsmero Company, 25oz. ; Great rltaln (eight days' crushing), 500z ; Bonatl and Company, 200or ; Johnson's Reef Company, Sloz ; In dcfatigable Company, 25oz ; Catherine Koot United, 8280Z ; Bell and Watson, 6607 ; Energetic Company, 28o_ iFor week ending Aug. 7-Elliott and Co , 52iz ; >IIepo Company's Tribute, S3oz ; Georgo Elliott, 08oz ; Ellesmere Company, 84oz ; Upion Jack Company, OOoz. ; Qray.aud M'Lav, 31oz ;, Huntly Deep Lead Company, 260oz. (about) ; Princo Alfred Company, 07rz. ; Victoria Beef Gold Mines Company, 80oz, ; Alliance Company (three vi eck»), 140oz. ; North Hustlor's Company, 204oz. ; Argus Company, 170oz ; Enorgelio Company, 65oz ; Windinill-hlU Company, S5oz , Pegleg Company, 02oz , The *' Ballarat Star" furnishes tho following report of district j ¡o'ds since last summary : Alluvial.-Australasian, 508oz. ; Band of Hopo and Albion Consols, 8,S50oz. ; Bonshaw, l,783oz, ; Ballarat and Clunes, 35oz ; Buto, lOloz. ; Broak o'-Day, 20Soz. ; City of Melbourno, 16oz ; Dur- ham, 27507. ; Extondod Sons of Freedom (Chil- tern), 602OZ ; Great Gulf, 002oz. ; Grand Trunk, Springdallah, 123oz ; Golden Horn, 700oz. ; Golden Lake, 34807, ; Galatea, 472oz ; Golden Stream, 817oz ; Groat Northern Junction, 786oz ; lilt or Miss, OOoz. ; Inkermann and Durham, 81oz ; Koh-1 noor, 870oz ; Knccbono Gold and Tin, £50oz ; Leviathan, 247oz, ; Magnum Bonum, 039oz ; Magnum Bonum, Carngham, 22oz. ;'Nightingale, 30¡to.5 ; Park, 2,626oz ; Princo of Walos, O05oz ; Phoenix, lOoz ; Rose-hill, 480oz ; Reform, 10007. ; Rothsay, 158 )z, ; Royal Standard, 08oz ; Reform, Carngham, SOoz ; Scottish and Cornish, 624oz ; St. Goorgo und Band of Hope United, 051oz. ; Southern Lights, 12oz ; United Albion and Princo of Wales, 1.6520Z ; United Working Miners', 007oz ; Winter's Frethold, 306oz. ; Wolllngton Gold nnd Tin, 2I4oz. ; Woiking Miners Godfrey'» Crook, 32oz. ; Wheal Kitty, 109oz. ; Whito Elephant, 15oz. Total, 23,504oz Quartz.-Albion, Steiglitz, 120oz. ; Black Horso, Egerton, 677oz ; raugh-a-Ballagh, 72oz , Goldsborough, floz ;-Isis, 120oz. ; Imperial, ' 204oz ; Kangaroo Bob, 102oz ; Llanborris, 205oz ; Lord of tho Hills, 41oz ; Now North Clunes, 2,2l4oz.; Port Phillip, 1.803OZ ; Royal Exchange, 86oz ; South Clunes, 130OZ ; Snake Gully, 151oz, ; United Happy Valley, 271oz.; Victoria, 6S0oz ; Wallaby, Oions, 278oz. Total, 0,530oï, WELBOURNE WOOL REPORTS. Messrs. R. GoLBSimocaii and Co. report :-" Wool. Tho extent of business transacted during tho month has been compaiativoly trifling, v ory f ow ' parcols having como forward. Several clips are on route from tho Darling district, and vvhon thoso arrive probably a little moro activity will bo manifested. The account sales received by tho lost English mall have had a doprCEsing effect and it is difficult to realise tho re- duction which has taken placo. The fact that wool which within the post tbreo years was worth ? 2s. por pound, has beon soiling freely lu London at l8. 4d. to Is. fid., is not reassuring to tho producorB, and tho prospect that these reduced rates aro likely to become permaiiont Is very dis- couraging. Tho only way in which tho sottlors can moot the altered times Is hy carefully cullin.; their' Hooks, and devoting their most strenuous endeavours to produce a.-better class of wool. It seems impossible for them to curtail oxpemsos to nny furthor extent, as tho roost rigid economy In the management of their stations has boen forced upon them for a long timo past To add to tbo difficulties with which tho pastoral tenants hive to contend lu consequence of low price», tho prospect of anolhor dry season is becoming but too apparent.! There may, before tho winter Is over, ho au abundant fall of rain, but present indications do not hold out much bopo of It; and in the mean- time eovoro frosts havo in sovcral districts nipped up tho grass and rendered feed scarce The following ships havo cleared for London during tho month with wool on board .-July 22-Trno Briton, 1,603 balos; Aug. 7-Svv lfts uro, 1,621 bales. Add previous ehipraon w, 207,010 balos. Total. Oot 1,1808, te date, 211,027 bales Wo give tho following as bolng tho prices cow cur- rent:-Greasy-inferior, 4d. to 4id ; ordinary, 4Jd. te Od. ; average to good, 6d. to 7d. ; good to superior, 8d. to lOd. Floeco- inferior, 8d. to lOd. ; ordinary to average, lOd. to le. ; average to good, none offering ; good to suporior, none offorlng. Scoured -inferior, Od. to 8d. ; ordinary, 8d. to lOd. ; mid- dling to good, Is. to Is. 8d. ; superior, none offering. Hides -Prices havo boen well supported tbis month, and w o have sold several parcels at 8Jd. to 4d. per lb. Ono lot of very hoavy first-class hides realised 8_. per hide, but tho average was about 82ib. each. Thero aro no shipments to advlso. Tallow.-Thoro has been a steady Inquiry for local consumption throughout the month, and prices havo been fully maintained. Wo quote-beef, £32 to £34; ralxod, £34 lo £35; and mutton, £85 to £37 10s. por ton. Clearances aro as follow:-True Briton, for London, 287casks; Swift sure, for London, 61 casks ; total, 348 casks." Tub London am) Aibtiulian Aoenot Cobpoiutios, Limited, furnish tho following monthly report for transmission per Boyal mail :-" Wool.-No business of conscquenco has been transacted in this market. Somo northern parcels have recently roach ed town, and been offered by public auetloh, of which sales faavo'bcen effected at prices which, considering tbo presont state of Iho London wool market, must bo regarded as satisfactory, although the actual not rotums to tho producers havo beon much below their anticipations. Tho continuation of such low prices for wools of Inferior quality will even- tually work its own cure, by altogether stop- ping the production of such descriptions, as the [ expenses of production are too large to leavo a I profit i We are informed that it is contemplated upon many large properties to remove tho shcop and rcplaco with cattle Tho present Bcason has beon regarded as of a favourable character up to this date, though tho quantity of rain which has hitherto fallon this wlater is far from sufficient for the tequiremonta of the Coming season. We'aro'in- formed by'our country oorrespon''j0nto that tho lambing will bo a very good one r"n tbo wholo. Tho price of fat stock continues -"t a woderatoly re- munerativo, figure; this in owing, in a' great measure to the compotl'.,on of the meat-preserving companies, who have a^slstod tho markot materially. Tho mattor of how 'tho éomlngJ clip shall bo Bent ^o markot is a subject of much oarnest discussion. The idea that wool could bo washed too well has novar for it one moment troubled the mind of tho producor. Yet we aro informed by some of tho'London brokora that the wool has been sont to market lu too good condi- tion, an unsatisfactory comment altor tho endoa ?> ours of ' last season to produco an 'article that should command tho top market1 price. ' 'Hitherto, in the reports afton osch series of sales, we have been told that to command good prices it vas necessary to get our wool up in brighter and lighter condition, or tho returns could not bo other than unsatisfactory. What is really necessary is, , by .judicious manng'cmont'in'woshing' to koop tho yolk;' or life of tho wool, and'at tho same tuno render the clip bright in colour,! Inttiad of bythoiuso of too much alkali rendering itilry and harsh to the foel, a condition that is much »bjectod to by the manufac- turer. Wo would not-advise the abandonment of tho nppliancos for the first timo brought into uso last sea sou, but recommend that furthor trial should be given, as1 wo'havo rio'doubt tho, returns will,provo the ' wisdom of tho courso adopted Thoro areWoptional cosos no,doubt when (wool being vory burry and seeds) tho Interests of tho producor will be bost con sen id bvt shearing In tho grease. The progress made' by the Government withitho now Land Bill Is so far of I an asaurtiig.naturo ; the opposition proved of the weakest kind, and was oVoroome'by largo majerltios1. It Ib not too» .muchHo loxpoot that when tho bill-Is passed, pastoral,matters will boon a'flirucr baBis than has been tho case for some timo past Shearing operations will 'commence towards the end of] this month in,the early districts, should the.« ea- ther continue of a favourable. character, and some of our constituents' report that wo may pxpoet somo por- tions of the new ollp in town in tho course of three Meeks, though this will, woicxpect, only bo a limited quantity. 'The following ships liavo cleared since our laBt, viz :-July' 22, True Briton, 1,603 bales; Au- gust 7, Swifts uro, 1,624 bales; total,'3,117 bales ; to which add previous shipments from 12th September, ISflS, 207,100 bales ; total, 210,217 bales, The woelcly shipments have been as bolow, viz :-For tho week onellng July 17, 31,0431b , yaluo, £1,710 ; for the woek ending July 24, 207,6511b, value '£21,504; for tho week onding July 81, nil ; for the woek onding August 7, 334,0181b., value £10,800; total, 078,81216., value £43,104; to which add previous shipmont« from Sop tcmbor 12,1808, to July 10, 1869, 47,170,1051b, value £2,832,500 ; total, 47,850,007lb ; total vajue, £2,875,604. Tallow.-The continued ¿mall supply has had an effect upon prices, and prevented them from falling1 In a corresponding degree to the home market Several orders hate alto bean in this market'from India for the purchaso vi tallow for export thoro. This has also hod a buoyant effect, and further tended to, strengthen prices. Wo quote mutton up to £37 6j. per ton, and for beef and mixed £34 10a. to £30 por ton. Hides.-Wo ' experience no difficulty in Selling all coming in at full rates Wo quote wot salted from SJd to 4d. per lb." < i ' i , _ I i ]s'\ MELBOURNE MARKETS. , 1 ' f 1Ù1IDAY, AOOOST 13. i i I l | ' THE MILLS. , 'J ' Owing to late American advloes, ' tho markot for breadstuffa Is again unsettled. Holders, in spite of the dulntss of business, endeavour to realise lato rates, and in most instances £14 U secured far best flour. Meanwhile transactions aro very limited both ¡ in number'and extent. Tbo following aro the prlocs : -First i.l«as" silk-dressed ffnur, £14 ; soeonds, £13 10s. ; bran, Is. 4d. to Ib. Cd. ; pollard, Is, 7d. to Is. Sd. ¡Lineal, £22 ; barley, £30. > - 111 RETAIL MARKETS. ' Beef is slightly firmer, but mutton is downward In tendoricy tor superior and middling kinds. Poultry rnuatns tho same as last week, and oggsmsy also ba quoUd without change. Butter rules a shade firmer. The ruling rates are as follow:-Boof, ¡id. to 7d. per lb. ; mutton, IJd to 6d. por ib. ; veal, 6d. per lb ¡pork, 8d. per lb. Poultry,- Fowls, 4». Od. to 6s Od. per pair j geese, Sa to 10i. do.; ducks, 6s. to 0s. Od. do.; turkeys, 12s to 22s. do. ; checao, Gd. to Is. 4d. per lb ; eggs, l8 Od. to Is. lOd. por dozen ; butter, Is 8d. to 1*. Od. per lb. ; bread, Od to 7d. per 41b. loaf ; milk, Gd. per quart ; bama, Is. 2d. to Is 4d. per lb.; bacon, la. to la. 2d per lb. HAY MARKET. Within tho last two da} s builno's has again becomo dull, and prices are scarcoly so firm lu the absence of any reduction, however, the following (Siturday V) prices may bengainglvon:-Hoy, £0 6s to £8; straw, £8 6s. to ti 6s." EASTERN MARKET. There was a poor market again this morning, tho attendance of buy crs ui d sellers being limited, The supply of produce was Bcanty, but, as tho demand was not largo, cauliflowers, cabbages, and most othir classes of vegetables wore easier in prlco. Poul- try and dairy produco woro without matorlal change '-Tho following were the ruling rates: Vegetables -Jerusalemartichokes, ljd. por lb. ; basil, 2s. per dozen hunchee ; bcot, 8d. to Is. per dozen ; bouquots, 4s. to 8s. per dozen ; cab- bages, Od. to Is. Od. por dozen; carrots, Cd. to Od. per dozen bunches ; cauliflowers, 8d. to 2s Od. per dozen; colory, 2s. to 6s. per dozen; cress, water, 9d. per dozen bunches ; garllo, 4d. per lb. ; horse- radish, 8s. to 8s. per dozen buuohos ; leek, Od. to Is. per dozen bunches ; lettuce, 6d. to Is. per dozon ; marjoram, la. per dozon bunches p onions, dried, 80s. to 85V. per cwt. ; onions, green, Od. to Is. per dozen bunches ; parsley, Od. per dozen bunches ; parsnips, 9d. to Is perdozen bunches ;peas,4d to5d. per lb. ; potatoes, 6s. per cwt ; do, kidney, 8s 61. to Os. per cwt; radishes, id. toOd perdozen bunches ; sage, Is. per dozon bunches; savoys, Is. to 2s. nor dozen ; shallots, 6d. pen lb. ;wiplnach, IJd. to 2d, por lb. ; tbyme, Od. to le. por dozen bnuchus ; turnips, 4d. to Od. per dozen bunehos. Fruits -Apples, 3d. to 4d. per lb. ; melons, preserving, id. to Oel, each ; pears, 3d. to 6d per lb. Diiry Produoe.-Butter, le. Cd. to 1». 8d. per lb. ; cheese, 8d. to lOd. per lb. ; ducks, 4s Od. to 6s per pair ; eggs. Is. 4d. to Is. 6d. per dozen ; bens, 4a. Od. to 6a. per pair ; honey, 01. per lb. ; pigeons, 2s. Gd. per pair ; pork, 6d. to Bd. per lb. ; rabbits, 2s. Gd. per pair ; sucking pigs, di. to 7s. Od. each; turkeys, 10s, to 20s per pair; hams, Is. to Is. 2d. per lb. ; bacon, Is. per lb. , LIVE STOCK. Messrs. Dalmahot OAunuui, and Co report :-" Fat Cattle-This market has beou fully supplied with from good to prime quality, principally from Gipps Land, and although the number to hand has been larger than usual during tho past four w oeks, prices have improved, which is owing to the largo numbor of country bujera now coming into this markot We quoto prime beef at fiom 32s. Gd. to 35s. per 1001b , and bato til's week sold 100 bullocks for Mr. Wm. Pearson, Kilmany-park, light weights, at from £8 to £10 15s.,ateroging £0 11s. Od ; M for Mr A. Crichtn, Berwick, at from £6 17s. Cd. to £0, averaging £7 10a. ; 38 for Mr. Win. Lyall, Yollook, at from £515s. to £1212s. Od., averaging £8 Is. 0 for Dr. Simmons, RoBedalo, and 11 for tho cxetAitors of the lato R. Thom- son, Clydc-bjiik-, at quotations. Fat Sheep,-Since our last wo havo to report a heavy fall In the price of mutton, large supplies of which continue to nour in from Riverina, consisting generally of from good useful sheep to primo quality. Tho meat-preserving com- panies hai e boon of tho greatest service in cloarlog off tho surplus. Notwithstanding this, wo (quote Blioop 3s. per head lower than last month. Wethers, weigh- ing from 521b. to 561b , aro now worth from 10s Gil. to 12s ; 4Bib. do , Os Our sales this week were 2 640 ewes and wothers for Mr. Honry Darlot, Bunduldmb lah. at from 7s. 0d. to 9s 01. ; 1,000 do., for Mwsrs M Gaw, M'Kinnon,', do , Burrabogie, at from Di. to 12". ; 130 for Mr. James Robortson, Keilor, light w eights, at 8= Od ; aud 45 for Mr. Moylan, at 10s,T SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mr. S. Do Beer's monthly report is as fol- lows : - "Although tho quantity of produco available for shipment at this tho dulled season of tho year in our exports Ib always at Its minimum, the poriod which has passed Blnce'doto of my last circular (17th ult.) appears sbmowhat exceptional, three ships of largo tonnage having been despatched for London- viz, the True Briton, SwHtauro, and City of Pekin-onoh with full general cargoes and fair numbera of pas- sengers,1 besides considerable quantities of gold. The berth for tho abovo port Ib now occupied by tho Nor- folk, Ethiopian, and Dover Castlo, which aro filling up but (lowly. Freights continue about tho ssmo as last reported, namely, id. per lb. for greasy and scoured wool ot orhead. Mimosa bark, ground and in bags, S5s. ; tallow, 35s. ; leather, 45s. Tho abo\ o named ships will no doubt bo despatched prior to any of the new season's clip of wool coming to bond, re- ceipts of the first of wuicli in town cannot bo looked for until towards the end of September, but the quantity of this staple for shipment during tho approaching soason is net expected to aggregate loBtJ year's clip, owing to tho protracted and for many j ears post exceptional drought experienced this Benson, not only in Victoria, but in all the other Australian colonies, the result, of ,wlnoli was not only tho loss of tena of thou- sands of Bhcep from starvation, but also tho de- preciation In uoight of the clip ef those shorn. Tho ships now in port walting the ndvent of tho wool season cmbiaco tho Macdui!, Lightning, Clanranald, Kosciusko, Star of Peace, Buoton Onatla, and Lanark- shire, which at the commencement of shipments will bo considerably augmented, as many of our regular Undera as w eil as sultablo outside ships aro now on tho way out, and should freights in India and tho Straits not speedily improve, tho likelihood is that the greater number of tho jotter w 111 bo laid on for London direct, lu these circumstances it cannot bo expected that homeward freights will rule high, especially should no Improvement toko place in cool freights to tho various portB In China, which at presont are greatly dcprosicd, and with but little pre peet of any speedy improvo mont. No chorters have boon effected to load at ports In China. ludia, or elsewhere to return to tho colonleB nor to European ports, the only transactions to bo reported being in coal freights, viz -that of tho Norwegian barquo Alpha, BrlllBh1 barquo Clcoats, and American barquo Francis B. Fay, at SO', for San l'r«i cleco, and the British barquo Elizabeth Dougall, 28s. öd. for Shangbnl., The demand for ton age for the convcyonco of horses to India has for the present almost ceased, but no doubt will shortly revit c, and although thero arc sovoral sultablo ships in port open for this employment, tho only engage- ment bos been that of the Marpesia, for Calcutta, at £12 per boree, landed alive (ship finding fittings and walo), exclusive of a lump sum for railway sleepers, which has not transpired, but taid to bo equal to 12i. Od. per ton ; and tinco dato of my lost advices the Pun- jaub has cleared for Calcutta, tho Douglas for Bom- bay, and Coldstream for a port unknown, oach with a full complement of tho above lite stock. Several dis- engaged flrnt-clasB teasels havo been obliged to loavo our waters lu search of employment, a clrcuuutauce w hieb has not occurred for many months patt. Several Bales of thlpplng have been attempted during tho month-tho brlgantme Ottawa, 222 tonB register; the Parisian, 710 tons, built at Kincardine in 1864, then eight j tars Al; and the Aurifora, 450 tons, Sunderland-built In ,1853, also eight years Al, hiving been offered at auction on the samo day ; wheu tho I'arUIan, which sustained a good deal of damage from rough weather on the passago out, realised £1,720, the other ships named being bought In, but the Aurifora was subsequently sold privately at £1,700. Since then tho barque- Ocean Bride, 800 tons rojii ter, built, in Maine (U,S.), I860, Jias changed hands, privately at £1,760 Tho sales ,of shipping Include alto that of: the' Dutch -barquo Almondo, ' Captain J.IB. Rovers, standing in Veritas 550) tons, fbuiltf at Lckkerkerk in 1854, which Tcssql recently ^arrived hero in an umoawortby condition from Java^lte a cargo of sugar, havh g on the passage onoountereth a (overo, and ¡long- continued typhoon, which very seriously damaged both ship and,cargo.. On,bolng docked sftor dlsdhargoof cargo iho'vessol was'strlpped and carotuUy Inspected by surveyors appointed. by,tbo Netherlands consul general and Lloyd's agent, vvfienlt waa found that the estimated cost of repairs wouM amount to à sum far In excess of wha. tho ship's valuo would be when repaired and rendered seaworthy, ,and it wau consequently, decided to sell her by auction 911 account of all concerned, which was accordingly dono, ! llio prlco realised bolng £1,050. Tho steamer MaorI( 1S2 tons register, which arrived hero frorn Glasgow in January, and silice that timo employed in tilo coasting trade, has boen sold to a Now1 Zoiland firm at £7,375," j, |. >. . .iii , , * ii, <? 1 , 1-;- u f . 1 . 1 'shipping of the Month.1 , . ' \ 1 " PORT uVMELBqURNE. ' L ' \ AiniVALS -NOjCUUIUl.CKS SINCE OlA MST SnHUART. [B), ¡British; A., American,; Au., Austrian; Da., r Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Cb , Chilian ; P., -Portuguese; n,. Homburg; flu., Hanoverian ; , I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. 0., North Gorman, S.j' Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd , Sardinian ; Bolg, Bolglan ; J3r" Bromon ; Pr., Prusslaii ; R.^Russian/, /if, ship; b., barquo, br., brig; se., schoonor ; «.s , steamer.] , 1 ' ", ' Jll'j* . ' AWHVED. n , J7 Springbok. B. b. 327, H- Ilnrr&on.Fljl;, vi« Now . castle -W. H.'Smith. " 17i Ocean Brlde,>B b , 281, A. T. Milton, Maurltius, j M'CulJoch.Sollar, oiid Co. ? - 1 i 1 20{ Marpesia, B. s,, ,1,442, Jos. Houiisoll, Liverpool. Dickson, Williams, and Co. t, ) 1, . , '22,'Horrington, A. b",572. Jos, Colgin, Boston. 11 Newell and Co'. ' , , , Kosciusko, B s., 1,192, J. Lawson, London. Dalgety.KBIaukwood, and Co. llj '*." - ' . -i* Star of Poaco, B. s, 1^118 Rlolinrd ? Boaden, Tho Downs -Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 1 Lightning, B. s , 1,700, Biobd. Jones, Liverpool. Bright Brothers and Co. . t , Dover Caatlo, BJa, 1,002, R IC. Deacon, London. -W. P. JVhltoandCo. 30i Gemsbok,» A. b" 470, Cbas. G. Bunker, Now I York.-Lord and Co. 1 1 ' 1 . 1 ' 31j Clanmuald, B s, 1,185, Wm, ¡Martin, Greenock. I Alex Alaciarían and Co. , , 81; BuotonCostlo,B a,SSO.Wm.Wilson,Liverpool. . Lorimer, Marwood, and B,orao, Aug. ii---' 1 '> 1\. Helga, N. a,.001 Otto Zaoharisen, Froderfck 1.1 j 6tadt -.Anderson and Marshall. ' - 1\. Francis B. Fay, A. b" 839, J. B. Durham, Boston. j -Ojborn, Cushlng, and Co., 2' Lanorkshirc, B, s., 1,437, Evan Williams, London. I -Holmes, White, and Co. 2\. Electric, B. b., 1,100, Robert J. Lowthwaite, ' ¡ London.-Do Pass Brothers and Co. - 2.' Aurora, D. s., ,1,312 -Hendrick Visser, London. I -Wm. Crosby and Co. , ' 2J Sldonic,fjF. b., 418, J. Borvigo, Mauritius.-M'Ou'. . loch, Sellar, and Co. , , V Karnak, F.'b., 383, A. Brlndciiu, Charente -Bligh I and Harbottlo. ' ' 1 3. Valkljrien, B. b, 408, J. A. Pago, Maurltius. I Joshua Brothers. 1 ; . 4.' Avoca, B.M.S S., 1,401, A. B. c Farquhar, Gallo. I I F. R. Kendall. , , , 6 Holeri, B/bc , 140, H. Miller, Lhorpool_Ander- son and Marshall. ' 0.1 N. C. Kierkergnard, N. b , 440, H, H.| Holvorson, 1 I Fredcrickstadt -Captain nelvorscn. 10.1 Thalia, N. G. s , 840, F. Hennings, Gothenburg - I Wilkie, Wolob, and Co. Jnly CDBAIIED Ot/T. . , 1 , ,f ,. 17.1 Punjaub,'B. s','882, F. Shrewsbury1, Calcutta - W. Crosby and Co. 1 l8'Malta, R.M.S.8., 010, A. F. Barloir, Galle.-F. R. I Kendal). , 20.| Sbarpsburg, A. e" W. H. Rogors, Batavia - 1 dowell and Co. 1 , 22.lTruo Briton, B s , 1,200, G. II. Binn, London - W P Whito and Co ' " ' 22\. Dollarn Tower, B s, 1,400, John Rlilnd, San 1 FranUscn, vlit Newcastle. -- Lorimer, Marwood, and Home. iii * 22\. Explorer, B, a., 740, J. P. Chapman, San Fran ' clseo, viflNewcastle-Bright Brothersaud Co. 22.1 Baltic, N s, 0S5, M. Zacharison, Callao_O, I Tondeur and Co. ' ' 23'Lanilla, N. G. br , 227, F. R. Oelrlch, Guam. 1 Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 23 Caraujah, B. s,801, H.,C Cleaver,Calcutta, via Neweustle -Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 23 Ulcoati, B. 8., 671, li. Watt, ¡bau Francisco, via Nettca-tle.-Osborn, Cushiug, and Co ' 20.|Tyrol, B b , 647, B. Owens, Callao, in ballast - _ Samuel and Co 1 - 1 1 26\. Qucstcmbort, F b,850, J. Guilbaud. Petropaul oskl, vii Newcastle-Victoria Sugar Company. 27\. Alpha, B. b., 450, J. II. Ness, Sau Francisco, Vii! Newcastle.-Captain Ncbh. 27\. i Francis Tborpo, B e, 1,206, J. M. Outrldgo, Cal I cutta -Bright Brothers and Co. 30.1 James Vmicombe, B n , OSO, S. Riggall, Guam. -anderson and Marsh ill. SO..Edith Smith, B so, 170, Cbas. Glb30ii, Batavia_ G. W. Parbury. Aug 3.'Coldstream, B. s., 633, O. G. Ponsonby, Guam. 'Fenwick Brothore. 4.¡Elizabeth'Dougall, B. b., 528, W, Rowland, Shanghai, via'Nowcaatle.-"Virgoe, bon, and Co. 6\. ¡Le Paix, F. b , 477, E. Labarbe, Petropauloaki. 1 Curclcr and Adet. 6\. Tho Douglas, B. s., 1,300, T. B. Sam, Bombay. Dickson, Williams, and Co. 7\. Swlftsure. B. s., 1,320, V R. C. Stacpoolo, London. ^J. H. White and Co. 11\. Southern Ocean, B s.,11,204, R. R. Craig, Callao_ Dickson, Williams.'and Co. , II Sldoiiie, F. 6,572, J. Borvigo, Potropauloski IM'Oulluch, Selûr, and Co. 11\. Harrington, A. b., 672, J. Colgle, Guam-Newell and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. Jilt 17. Punjaub, for Calcutta.-10 tons 48 bales hay, 100 watei-tanks, 20 water casks, 1,200 railway sleepers, 280 pieces sawn timber, 50 casks tallow, 7 packages carriages, 100 tons copper, 112 horses, 1 cow. Jut-v l8. Malta, R.M S S., for Point de Galle -120 bigs Hour, 1 caso documents, 8 casks beef, 0 packages potatoo«, 5 casks tallow, 1 truss newspapers, 1 case koota, 1 case books, 3 cases plants, 20 pieces lumber, 4 packages parcels, 1 caso photographs, 1 package seeds, 1 package furs, togethor with original cargo from Sjdnoy for Point do Galle, as per Sydney clearanco, Joly 22. Tuto Bilton, for London.-1,503 bales wool, 70 bales leather, 8 bales gluo pieces, 17 bales 2 coses basils, 16 bales sheepskins, 287 casks tallow, 88 casks 0 casos gum, 100 cases pearl shells, 000 cases preserved meats, 100 bales bark, 2,220 bags copper oro, 2,300 cake« 3,507 tiles 637 ingot« copper, 20 casks black sand, 204 blocks antimony oro, 400 ingots Bpeltcr, 2 casks glass- ware, 1 cask 2 quarter-casks 21 casos wine, 3 packages drugs, 1 box rffects,4 bales skins, lease ornaments, 8 patkages i fîects, 6 cases fancy goods, 1 box kangaroo skibe. Joly 27. Fru »if Tht -po, for Calcutta -8,600 cakes coppor, 201' b-ics te 1'iiahels bran, 400 bug* flour, 8,755r&ilwar; slecpi», 1 u48 pieces timoor, 30 lugs redgum, 13 cases biscuits, 60 tonB bay, 250 bushols oits, 2 pack- ages sundriis, 3 lihds manure, 130 horses, 2 cows. Jll-Y 30. Edith Smith, for Batavia.-830 bogs sulphate of lime, 455 bogB boncdust. , Ala 8. Coldstream, for Guam.-122 bales bay. Auo. 0. _ The Douglas, for Bombay.-408 tons coal, 658 bags flour, 847 bags bran, 40 railway sleepers, 76 tons hay, 12 tons chaff, 70 iron tanks, 70 casks tallow, 3 casks alo, 2 cases cindles, 170 horses. Ano 7. Swiftsurc, for London.-1,627 bales wool, 100 casks sperm oil, 226 bales leather, 1,018 bags bark, 50 boxes candles, 1,701 bags coppor ore, 8 tons 11 hlds. bones, 688 ingots spelter, 16 bags antimony, 21 cases wine, 1 caso saddlery, 2 caskB beef, 81 casks taMow, 10.000 horns, 30 casks 1,000 cases moat, 44 balos pelts, 1 caso kangaroo skins. Ano. 11. Southern Ocoan, for Callao.-31 casks tallow. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE ' PARTUBE OF THE LAST MAIL. JULY l8. Malla, R M.S.S , for Point de Gallo. Passenger* -cabin : Tor King Gcorgo'B bound-Messrs D. R. Evana, B. Roser, J. O. Pnteraon, R. S. Mitchell, G. 1 Simpsqn. For Bombay-Messrs. W. II. Clark, J. Stanley. Tor Calcutta - Messrs. V. Norman, A. Laúdale, W. H. Pearce, J. 8. Ireland For Madras-Mesirs. BandoiBon, H. Bain. For Hong Kong-Miss B. Robertson. For Suez-Messrs. O. Draghlewlcke, W. J. Hllllor. For Aden-Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Sichel and tw o infants, Mr. Joshua and Infant, Mr. Joshua, jun , and European servant For Marseilles Dr Blackoin. For Southampton-Mesirs. Neave and J. II. Smith. J 01,1 22. True Briton, for London. Passcngora-saloon : Rev. F. T. Taylor, Mrs. Taylor, and Master Hodloy Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Hardy and Master Goorgo Hardy, Mr. and Mrs, J. O. A. Kruger, Mr. and Mrs. G. 11. Pritchard, Mrs. J. W. Bogg, infant, and servant, Misses Bogg (3), Mastora Bogg (4), Mrs. G. H. Bawn, Miss Kruger, Staff Surgeon-Major Brinsloy Nicholson and servant, Dr.' G. H. Gibson, Dr. Frederick Joseph Elsorn Mr. James Todd Maokto and Borvant, Messrs. C. B Bardy, Robert Gudcmann, Matthew Welsh, Frederick Lund, John Bolt, Charles Earles, John Johnson, AlcxandorQlclcliman, Frank Houghton ; and < nlucti-thrco In tho second and third cabins. Auo. 7. _ . Swlftsuro, for London. Passengers-saloon : Mr. and Mrs. Sohier und family, Mr. and Mrs. WrUht, Mr. and Mrs. Cardale, servant, and family, Mrs. Saunders, servant, and family, Airs. Staepoole, Captain and Mrs. Haddcn, Dr., Carr, Dr. Arthur, Meisra. t Wharton, Blackman, T. T. Hay, A Stewart, Shields, O. Dane, Plavfair; and seventy-four In the Beoond and tblrd cabins. GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tho following Is a list of tho ships taking gold which havo sailed hence slnco the puollcation of our last summary, together willi the quantities and desti- nations :- . , Date of i Ship. Safllng.l Destination. Ounces. July l8 Malta .. ..Galle July 22True Briton ..]London Aug. 78nlltsure ., ..¡London . 122,641 18,010 10.823 The total amount of gold exported from tho colony since the beginning of the year is 005,105 ounees, of which 119,117 ounces were transhipped from New Zealand. During tho corresponding period of the previous year the entire quantity exported was 1,201,005 ounces, and of tina total 140,771 ounces were from New Zealand. '/li.STOCK'jAND SHARE LIST/l ",'.." i J ' . '.'.' ' '"BAT, Aro 13 äl]2!!l!' Tnccs. «Ulli 101103 .us*'» lOOOOOO Vict'Oov. Rlwy. (local), 6 per cent .800O0O Viet Government (local), 6 por cent ' ' '10COOO Melbourne Corporation, 6 por cent! i 10000 Ballarat Water, 8 per eent,,. '. \- j Ballarat Municipal, 6 por cent. .*<$ li \- ,. Colling* pod Gas, Oper cent. c S i 60000 Molbourno Goa, 7peroont.., I T ! 80300' Molb. & H. B.,United, 8 percent "* 1135490'Do.¡ 7 per «ont. ' ..' .. ' .163300 DO.', 6 per cent, i .. i ,. 100OOO Do, 5 per cent. 20O0O Nelson (N,Z.) Gov., 8 per cent. "I """ I 0000 (Olairo Provincial Got., 8 nor cent,' _ : ti IOS 101 3§ S, 60O00] îooooo I GflOOOO 1000000 500000 60000 80OOO 24908 L 14900 66000 I 2080 , 24430 I ,210000 ' I 126000 > 260O0 soooo 10250 1000OO 40000 \- 1000OO i gsooo 26000 , S8370 , 17876 3000 ' 37600 12333 COOOO 12000 7Q00 6S47001 Last \- i " " . <llT ¿¡remue CouPAniiu. (peroont, "~ per £| ' ' bankhI J i 6 Bal. Bankg. (limit) )L Do,, new issue . 5 Cplonial ofi Austral. S.Commcrcial of Aus J tralla (limited) ,. 2Melb. Bank Corpo j\ ration (limited) 4 Notional of Austral. ¡0 Now South Wales I 2BS J VlctorlafJlel.rcg.) .i (Do. (Londonreg.) 2 Land Mortgage , | OAS ' COIU'ASIIK 7 Ballarai .. ' 6 Bendigo i .. ( 6 Castlemaine 6 Colllngw'd* Fitzroy 10Dawlesford (limited) J 4 Geelong .. ,, í\ f; Molbourno i i ¡ ' lKSUnANCB. . f ¡ ¡ ' INK UK AH CB. . { %\ Austral. Fire & Mar, elAustrulnaian Lifo . 3'Australian Alliance ^'National Flrelnsur U Southern Insurance llVietoria Life A, Gen 25jVictorln, Tiro A Mar MlSpiU,tiANBOlrS. 1|1 Australian Día Y\ mond Mines .. 6 Bendigo Walenvork 60ippsLnd. ste-unN. 6 Hob BayR, Set Bath 71Maritlino & General CreilltCo.(Limit ) 50 MolbourncExch'ngo 50>ons Waterworks 1 Studley rarkUridgo 20.Victorian leo 20 Warrenheip Distil). \- I , IlltAinWAVS SO Molh,A.Hob,Bav Ud. 10 124 «I 12J Ck*!» Mecí 1471-1501 ,1071-11(8 »17 4011 41111 tfMSs. 11-12 »M im m 0-7 4J6 OiOt 14121 15s. 15¡1. 20-278. 20} 27li ty-7h. '23¡-24ja. ?ÍJ3 ' J.'-31 f - (.io nu Hil 6115îj I 88( 3000 ,4000 8200 400 0844 2100 2000 '2600 4400 ' ,1000 4000 4000 70C0 8200 2600 2660 000 450) 12S00Í 834J OOOO 4032. 0448. 4300 8500 20 25 Avonclift Barid of Hopo and Albion Consols, Ballnrot .. Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Broak-o'-Doy, Rokewood Bunlnjong, Buninjon! Buninyong Mew, Bunlnjong Clunes Alint ml Extended Sons of Freedom, Chlltorn Galatea, Scarsdale Gulden Stream Golden Hoin, Sprliigdillali.. Golden Lake, Scarsdale Grand Trunk, Happy Vail« nfmt ftnif ihn.-.) ' Í !.. Great Gulf, Ballarat Do., nuw K-uio Kneobono,' El Dorado Koh-i-noor, Ballarat.. J-Lovlathaji, Ballarat Low or Huntly Deep Lead . Magnum Bonum, Man boro'. I'ark, Ballal-at Prince of'Wales, Ballarat St, George and Bund of Hope \- Sadowa, Talbot 15 Scottish Í. Cornish, Ballona. 6 United Albion and Prince of Wales, Ballarat 183|Unltcd Working Miners', Bal. 6 'Wellington, El Dorado 6H 30-31 4-3, 05-75 1J-2 n-7¡ 20-21 3-3} 13H'l 12J-U, 8¿-J} 3ä-4 4-11 CJ-0} NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 0000 Z600 1000 1000 4000 3500 450O MOO , 6000 2000 3600 3600 8000 1000O 6000 4000 3000 700O 440O 3M0 6400 0400 WOO Albion Consol», Ballarat ,. All Saints', Ballarat . Ballarat & Bendigo, Huntly. Ballarat and Clunes Durham, Ballarat Do.,préfèrent - .. Do, new . Emperor, Ballarat . Great Kxtcnded, Eldorado ., Do j Contributing . Great North-Weat, Ballarat Bo., new. Great hoithern Junction .. Iukermannaud Durham, Bal, Do., new issue Lady Sutton, Chiltern New-Holland, Avoca.. Do., new . Now Avoca, Avoca .. Nightingale Ballarat North Part, Ballarat Prlnco Importai South Nightingale .. Speculator, Ballarat .. United Hand-In-Hand and ) Band of Hope, Ballarat j United Ovons Gold and Tin, ) Eldorado.j Do., Contributing .. United Suburban, Ballarat. Winter's Freehold, Ballarat .13-4 3¿-3} 150-175 7H 1J-2 ? 2J-23 H 1S9.-20S-. 4-41 H 21J-22 33-41 01-62 DIVIDEND QUARTA 80' 10000 10000 2400 10000 10000 220O| SOOOO 1C0O 20000 8540 2040 2480 2500 06000 1080 1200 82000 2000 12000 10054 1710 16044 140001 24000 12005 0940 23100 2S0001 ' 8000 28000 4800 12000 12C0, 20870 2 10573 10000 2000' ? lOOOOl 1800 : 2000 : 620 ? 2060 : 20000 ? 2400 23876 16000 22000 1080 8000 1000 20000 2400 7000 22600 10S8 2000 1400 000 too 4B0O 1200 20000 j Alliance, Bendigo Adt anco Bendigo Agamemnon, Bendigo Ajax, Alexandra Albert Company, Alexandra Albert, Mullion Ajax, Castlemaine .. Albion, Steiglitz Alabama, API vor All Nations, Matlock Argus, Bendigo. Al Castle Itoef, Wood's Pt.. Beehive, Maldon Black-hill, Ballarat .. Black Horse, Egerton Catherine Heef United Clatav holders, Bondigo .. '.. Clunes; Clunes Clunes United, Clunes Comet, Bendigo Costa field; Heathcote Derby, Maldon Eaglehawk A6so., Maldon . Do. Preference. Maldon Do. Union, Maldon .. Ellesmere, Bendigo .. energetic, Bendigo .. j-Grand Junction, Maldon j G reat Britain, Bendigo Gt. Extended Hustler s. Bon Happy Vslloy, Buckland . Hercules, Bendigo .. Homoward Bound, Aloxandro Hope, Wood's Point .. Hunt's, Wood's Point Hustler's Reef, Bendigo Johnson's Roof, Bendigo Lady Barkly, Bendigo Leviathan, Black Kivor Liuscptt's Reef, Maldon Longfellow, Stringer's Malakoff. Steiglitz .. Nelson, «aldon Now North Clunes .. ?] Nil Desperandum, Haywood. Noi th Gipps Land, Stringer's: North Hustler's Roof, Rondigo N. Specimen Hill, Bendigo.. North Johnson's, Bondigo .. Princo of Walos, Matlock .. lied Jacket, Bright . Royal Standard, Block River Sparrowhawk, Bendigo Speculation, Mildon.. South Ajax, Castlemaine .. St. Mungo, Bendigo .. Specimen Mil, Daylesford .. Stciglit? ,. Unity, Inglewood Victoria, Clunes Walhalla, Stringer's Clock.. Wollabj, Growler's Cicek ., Wollosloy, Stringer s Crick.. [Young Chum, Bendigo 1H 10s -12s. 5-5} 3^i Ö3.-61S 23-24 17i*. 81s-%. Si -11s 15-17 ii -5j. 20'.-?2Js 12s -15s. 7Ja-10s. 1J i -2^ lh2 152-155 6s-Sa. 9-91 15}s.-l«J. 5s.-0i. 2-21 ÖS.-01S, 33-35 200-205 NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 200OO SOOO 0000, 24000 2000 1020 3000 40C0 4000 4800 8000 82000 W10 2400 3200 3000 2400 4000 3200 4000 30OO 4000 20274 8100 80OO 3000 Alexandra Mlnlng&Cruihlng; Ben Lomond. Stuartmill . ¡Bum's iteof, Forest Creek . Criterion, Clunes Clunes, Great Northorn . Eagle, Bendigo Empress, Stringer's .. Euroka, Strlngor's Creek - Flying Scud. Golden Point, Clunes Great Wheal, Clunes.. Hercules, Stringer's.. Isis, Stuartmill » -- Kangaroo Bob, Everton Kohinoor, Bendigo .. London i. 'Australian, Clunot Long Tunnel, Stringer's . Magdílo, Pleasant Creek . Mariner's and Sloan's, do. . New Garilnlill, Blackwood. Nowfngton, Pleasant Crook. North Cullen», Stringer's Ok, NewN Cohens, Strlngor's Ck forth Clunes Extension .. North dunes Consols, Clunes Oriontal, Clunes Pegleg, Bendigo Queen Victoria, Canadians Sandy Creek, Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla .. .. , Seuth Cohen'», Stringer's Sth Scotchman, PlcasantCk. Trojan, Blackwood .. Tubal Cain, Stringers Victoria Reof, Bendigo Vlotoria, Gordons Wellesloy, Egerton .. Whlto Homo, Egerton ljs -2Js 2^21 15^10 l-H 376-400 « 4-ii O-Oi 74-75 259.-27:1. 1J-« 1-li 1-li 2-2Í 14H5i 2-2i 17s.-20Su 21-3* 4Ï-5 Vilnted »nd published by Hoou Gkoroe, at TuJ Akodb Office, Collins street, Melbourne, for Wiwo« and MACBUfKOiT) proprietors. 