THE GERMAN FLEET. (From the Saturday Review.) IT is strange that the proposed creation of a German fleet should seem to any political writer a laughable enterprise. Although modern experience proves that the fate of nations ia decided rather on the land than on the sea, no great Power can conveniently dispense with a respectable navy. North Germany has only three probable antagonists in war, and even Austria has hitherto been superior to Prussia in naval force. The Russian navy is far more powerful; and it would require vigorous and long-continued exertion to place the North Ger- man navy on an equality with the marine of France. The quality of the existing naval force of Germany is excellent; and the officers are among the most accomplished ia Europe. The military post of Jahde will well repay the cost of its construction, in the sense of security which will be derived from the possession of a har- bour with proper appurtenances for building and repairs. It is probable that Dantzig will be furnished with all modern improvements, and the acquisition of Kiel was by many persons regarded as a chief object of the Danish war; but it is evidently expedient to secure access to the North Sea, as well as to provide for the protection of the Baltic No foreign Govern- ment has any right to take umbrage at prepa- rations which are simply prudent, and almost, necessary. In the event of a rupture with France, which is, it may be hoped, becoming more and more improbable, the North Germans, though far inferior in strength, might even now do something to protect the coast from insult and annoyance. It seems not wholly impossible that within a few years new disputes with Russia may be caused by sympathy with the vexations which are inflicted on the German inhabitants ot Esthland and Liefland. The German pro- vinces of Russia border on the sea, and in a contest for the possession of the Baltic sea- board naval preponderance would probably be decisive. Although the Prussian Government has always practised a wise and dignified parsimony, the funds required for the extension of the navy will always be forthcoming. The slight financial embarrassments which have induced the Finance Minister to anticipate the collection of taxes, and to allow a discount for early payment, are exclusively political. The Prussian and North German Parliaments have refused the demands of the Government for increased duties, not because the subject is over- taxed, but in the assertion of the right which they claim to control the finances. Whatever may be the issue of the domestic struggle, the country will be able and willing to bear the ex- pense of an efficient navy. In Germany, as in England, popular opinion will favour the creation of a force which can seldom be used in civil con- flicts, but the strongest argument in favour of ships and docks is that they are required to mamtain the national honour. The supposed interest of England in the maritime weakness of North Germany is at the same time irrelevant and chimerical. The jealousy of a neighbour would only supply an additional motion for the prosecution of a patri- otic undertaking; yet it is difficult to imagine a rupture between two Powers which have no conflicting interest. If indeed a war should at any time arise between North Germany and England, it is impossible to deny that the stionger maritime Power would gladly be secured against any resistance at sea. When, in the great war, the Prussian troops occupied Hanover, they were obeying the orders of a foreign potent who was the deadliest enemy of their own country, as of England. Within a week or two the petty mercantile marine of Prussia was swept from the sea, to be restored as soon as the insolence of Napoleon provoked a rising against the common enemy. It is perhaps natural to regret the time, never again to recur, when England was more than a match on the sea for the collected forces of the world. Steam and iron-plating have destroyed a supremacy which would in any case have been challenged as the States of Europe advanced in wealth and resources. The naval force of England would no longer be capable, without an extraordinary effort, of resisting a combination of two or three great Powers; and it may be argued that every additional ship of war which is built in a Con- tinental dockyard augments the strength of a possible enemy; while it is forgotten that a secondary maritime State may be a valuable ally. It is fortunate that the abandonment in the Treaty of Paris of untenable claims of belligerent right has largely diminished the danger of a confederacy against England. In 1782 and in 1801 the neutral States took the opportunity of a dangerous pressure on English powei to form leagues for the purpose of abolishing the right of capture of enemy's property in neutral bottoms. The victories of Rodney and Nelson rendered both projects in succession abortive, but no single handed contest against Europe would be possible at the present day. The American civil war proved that grounds of quarrel be- tween belligerents and neutrals may still be discovered, but the dispute which has in former times recurred whenever England engaged in war can scarcely be revived. It follows that the German fleet of the future is not likely to be employed in a war with England, nor is it impossible that it may tend to the maintenance of a maritime balance of power. The discussion of such contingencies is in itself undesirable, for nations as well as persons should avoid the habit of considering all ex- ternal transactions with exclusive reference to their own interests. It is for German purposes, and not either for the benefit or the injury of England, that the dockyards of Jahde have been constructed. Conjectures as to the eventual success of the enterprise ought to be wholly dispassionate and practical. With money and determination ships of the most approved patterns may undoubtedly be built, but the question whether they can be manned is not equally simple. The country to which the Hanse ports belonged still possesses a considerable maritime population, although its seagoing trade only occupies a secondary rank, the military organisation of the North German Confederacy will probibly render it possible to enforce the compulsory service at sea which has been virtually abandoned by England; and it is easier to train stokers and gunners than the able seamen who once assured to England the command of the sea. The great and constant emigration from Germany to America has probably con- tributed to direct attention to the cultiva- tion of maritime power. The transfer of a large and useful part of the population to an alien allegiance is regarded with mutual regret; and vague wishes point to German colonies as the only alternative for the drain to the United States. If any unoccupied country of suitable climate is still to be found in any part of the world, the experiment of a German colony would deserve all possible good will for its success; but Australia, New Zealand, and the American continent, down to the Rio Grande, are occupied by settlers who speak English; and in the temperate regions of South America the Italians seem likely to establish a preponderance, unless they are there also pushed out by English energy. In other parts of the United States descendants of German settlers will in two or three generations have adopted the language and manners of the great majority of the American people. It seems barely possible that in the thinly inhabited region of Texas, the Germans might perpetuate their own institutions without renouncing their political connexion with the United States. Even in Mexico there are many German immigrants far superior to the natives of the country, and especially obnoxious to the clerical party. A new Germany beyond the ocean would advantageously vary the mono- tonous character which attends the boundless expansion of the English race; yet, even if Germany had colonies of her own, the great body of the emigrants might probably still prefer the United States. It has hitherto been found impossible to direct the stream of English emigration to Canada, and the larger body might probably exert the greater magnetic power over Germans as well as over Englishmen Even if great German colonies were estab- lished in remote continents or islands, the effect on the marine of the mother-country would perhaps not be important. It was not because England and Holland possessed colonies that the inhabitants of their coasts took to the sea. Distant settlements were the result, and not the cause, of commercial enterprise, and the first thought of early promoters of colonisation was generally the creation or encouragement of trade. The poorer class of Germans desired to go abroad only because they are too much crowded at home, or in some cases revolutionary theories may cause a desire to live under a Republican Government. The devotion to German unity and greatness which has for many years inspired the educated portion of the community seems not to have penetrated into the stratum from which emigrants are derived. The patriotism of the Germans in the United States is exclusively American, while even the Irish look back with a seditious regret to the country whirh they have left. Although it will be possible to create and maintain a war navy, commercial activity cannot be stimulated by administrative measures. The North-German ports lie far away from the modern highways of trade, nor will they share the great advantages which Marseilles, Brindisi, and Trieste may probably de- rive from the opening of the Suez Canal. The prosperity of Hamburg may perhaps be rivalled by Kiel, when the Baltic is connected with the North Sea by the projected canal which in time of war will add greatly to the naval force of the Power that possesses the territory through which it runs. Races closely allied to the Low-Germans of Holland cannot have lost the sea-going aptitudes of their fore- fathers; and indeed there are many German sailors employed in English merchant vessels. The gratification which the opening of the port, of Jahde has caused in Germany is in the highest degree legitimate. 