A DUST STOEiL Tbe city iad sotirbs ?«?««. 00 ^eic«s'«y. visaed ir the eeverea dust stora B-ijii: lLe t-=^= tiperitao&i; i.t micy yeas, .it a 'oat «rec -j-cjocs ».ni.. yes^riay, it^ wioi, which i^a_ r.^sE blowing &I2; night ir.iu tte north, . snddeciy cbof.,-*d roaod to toe west, bringing | wiiii i: vast citrnds o: dnjt. For nearly half -an - h'rsx Melbozrie wii toveioped in 'd&rknes.; Oat of doors it irae uDf- isabk w bre&the; wiifa oct Ewallowing a moothM of gritty dast, and *Et «no was bo TKneatbsi iocomotjon was imposeibie. Is aboct saif-sc-bour the vioieoce o: tfie wind somewhat mMerated, bat toe dost cnobnaed to be diEigreeabiy ieh octjl seariy boob. Sngciariy eooach, the dust afpeirei t-j hare arisen on tot Wt^ioee P,'ains. which looked ii if they were oa fire. We have not iifcird of any iaial accideste cariog tit storm, J aithongi eeverai houses were nnroofe-i, and a ' Urge tmc-cnt cf propettr was 6erioo£iv injored. j Very btlje daaagt wai done at EmersSd-hil] and Sasdridge, but in the Bay the strain was very great on tin shipping. The Otago steamer drined from her moorings, and wae borne down span & brig by the fnry of the gale. Had tie brig not been in the way, the steamer would tart bees bbra on shore. The other tenons caEoalQes were the diemaEting of the schooner Caroline, Geelong trader, which was alongside tat Somersetshire. It was caused by the Bed Jacket (ligbfcrj driving across her bjws and thereby earryiog aw»y her bawsprit, thsit taking away all support from the masts they were carried away date to the deck. The lighter w»s store. Raih Tessels were wwed over to WflliamEtown. The gale completely demolished a shed covering a rope-walk at Brunswick. At sandridge, fcmerald-faill, Collingwood, Hotbam, aod Fitrroy, the wind foaod oat the weak portions of fences, &Dd; effected more or less damage, npsetting chimney pots, removing sign boards, and converting the loyal bnotiog into streamers. A portion of the rout of the Cnitarian Church, East Melbourne, was carriel away, and a wooden cottage at Carltoa was blown to nsoes. The roo{ of Messre. StCTenson and iiliyt'e establishment in King-street, west Slel bonroe, suffered considerable damage, a portion of it being lifted by one of the gusts and carried away. At Prahran the roofs of several cottages suffered, and fences succumbed to the pressure of the wind. Such a peculiar storm is unpre cedented in the history of this colony ; bat an old inhabitant remembers one very similar in Sydney about sixteen years ago. The storm appears to have been pretty general As we learn from the Daiiy Mews, ' CastJemaine was visited by a very severe a torm of wind and dust. At about seven o'clock the wind rose to a hur ricane, and the dost prevailed to sneb an ex tent as to prevent a person seeing even a few feet in adrance. The fruit tref« have Buffered considerably from the wind, and several booses have been subjected to severe injuries from the same cause.' We have similar reports from Sandhnrgt and BaUarat. — Age. The Value op Akcoba Wool. — The following letter from the President or the Acclimatisation Society was read by the Chief Secretary in Parliament yesterday, in re ply to a question put by Mr. Wileon as to the value of Angora wool in the English market : ? ' Acclimatisation Society's offices. — Sir,— The Angora goat was imported by the Acclimatisa tion Society from Asia Minor, and shipped for England, then transhipped at London for this colony, and notwithstanding a long and tedious voyage, one only was lost on the passage. We find that the Angora is a hardy animal, and admirably suited for our climate, and amiable in its disposition. The fleece averages upwards of 41b, and in England it is worth 4s 6d to 5s Sdperlb. For some of the wool sent home from the colony 2s 9d per 1b has been received, the difference in price being caused by the want of machinery here for getting it up for the market: but the agent states that this Angora wool is equal in texture and quality to the Turkish wool from Asia Minor. A portion of the flock now at the Boyal Park is being sold and freely taken op ata rate of £5 & per head for distri bution throughout the colony. Tours, ftc. Tsoius Black.' Kathei ah UspBoprrtBLE AoqcAisiuiCE. ? John Hyhn, a young Danish immigrant, was on Tuesday sent to the Yam Bend .Laaatic Asy lum, from, the City, Court Melbourne, having develoTMi & rathpr nt*nU*r tn*m nfmin;a 1* is only about seven months since he arrive] in the colony, and was fortunate enough to meet with Mr. Thomas Aache, a merchant and conn tryman of his own, who had some knowledge of his family. Mr. Asche interested himself for the youtH, aod obtained him employment with Mr. Fraser, M.L.A., but in tfiat service he evinced a far greater aptitude for reading, am ik ing, and ** reflection,' than for work. 'I am a gentleman's son,' he would «ay *? and don't like work— I like to read and reflect.' His employer did not like it, however, and so he lost bis place. Then Mr. Asche again supplied Jhis want*, and sent him op the country to look for employment, with as little success as before. Then hia demands for money became frequent, until at last he asked his benefactor for 'enough to blow his (Mt Asche's) bourn out' Opon this Mr. Asche thought it desirable to send him btck to bis own people, and offered til pay his passage, but Kyhn had cot hold of another no tion. He had oome out here to make a fortune rapidly, nod go back again; Mr. Asche had encouraged him, and was therefore responsible for everything ; aod as he saw no immediate prospect of getting the fortune ior himself, it was only rearomiMe that Mr. Asche should supply it Fnll of this determination he wrote that gentleman a letter, demanding 'hislor- tnne,' refusing to go home without it, and threatening all sorts of murder and sudden death if it was not at ocoe forthcoming. For this hews* given isto custody, «tmi»Sm^ br Drs. M'Crxe and Ford, reported insane, and conijgBtd to th« sjytan.-/fe, *™™°»'ul [?] 