SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The leisure which Ministers have given to themselves is nearly over, Par- liament having been called to meet for the despatch of business on Thursday, the 11th proximo. This leisure, how- ever, has been very much curtailed of late by the enormous extent to which the deputation system has been per- mitted to assert itself. This system is known, no doubt, in England; but no Englishman has an idea of the extent to which it is carried here, .where members of Parliament are viewed very much in the light of delegates, whose most important business is re- garded by many of their constituents to be the obtaining from Government all the favours which can be drawn from them for the districts they represent. Thus, if a grievance of any sort-the want of a bridge, the crookedness of a boundary line, the necessity of an additional con- stable to preserve order, or the advantage of a small expenditure of public money on some purely local work-is to be pressed on the Government, thei ordi- nary courso of writing, at the expense to the district of a sheet of paper and a twopenny postage-stamp, is discarded. The active members of the aggrieved local body want a trip to Melbourne, and " not at their own expense ;" tho members who represent them are not unwilling to be called upon to introduce them to the Minister with whom the arrangement of their little want lies; and thus the offices of the various Ministers are daily besieged by " sturdy beggars," and an amount of talk has to be endured and meaningless promises made, which occupy no inconsiderable portion of the time of Ministers, and create a vast amount of unproductive work to the departments. Every suc- cessive Ministry has complained of the nuisance. Some of them attempted to lessen it ; but " the people's Ministry" has of late been suffering a full share of the infliction. Many of these deputations have come to town in consequence of the reduc- tions the Government are making in the civil service, and in the hope of averting them. Ministers have adhered to their resolutions with a firmness which has not been usual in such cases, but which promises a spring-crop of troubles when Parliament meets. It is notorious that great discontent exists amongst the supporters of Govern- ment, and especially in that great mob of them who sit below the gangway, in what is known here as tho Ministerial corner. There was great disappointment among some of the more active of the Loyal Liberals when the Ministry of Mr. M'Culloch was last re- foimed, and although it íb improbable that Mr., Francis will en- courage revolt, or that Mr. Higin botham will for the present return to political life, there will be no lack of ambitious aspirants to office to head any revolt for which opportunity may be presented. Numerous small in- trigues are on foot ; but the present office-holders are protected by the weak- ness and jealousy of the malcontents. The points on which the Ministry are supposed to be open to attack are, their failure to call Parliament together before the end of the year, their reorganisation of the civil service without the sanction of Parliament, and portions of their anxiously-expected Land Bul, which, it is supposed, will carry out the principles of the 42nd clause, which have been proved to be successful. The latest addition to the ranks of the Ministry has not, however, been one which will give it much strength. Mr. John M'Crae, one of the members of the South-Western Province in the Upper House, has accepted office as Minister of Public Works, the duties of which Mr. C. E. Jones had for some time performed in addition to his own special work as Minister of Kail ways. Mr. M'Crae has little in- fluence in the Upper Chamber; his oratory is by no means striking or per- suasive; all his recommendations, in fact, are of a negative character. The revenue returns for the past year have been published. They appear to be more favourable than had been an- ticipated on the part of the Opposition, but there is included in them the large aum of £243,000 received from the salo of land by auction. An abstract of the Treasurer's tables will bo found in an- other column. It shows that the re- venue of the year was £3,036,038-a sum only less by £7,861 than that of the previous year. But an explanation is still required with regard to some of the items before we can pronounce that the finances of the colony are in an unex- ceptionable condition. Tenders have at last been called for "by the Government for a monthly mail and passenger service by steamships via the Cape of Good Hope. The withdrawal of the Panama Company from the scene revived the long discussed question of a fortnightly mail via Galle. The Government, however, have at last arrived at the conclusion that more immigrants are wanted hero ; and they give the prefer- ence to a monthly service by the Cape of Good Hope, mainly because it can be conducted by large steam vessels, carrying great numbers of passengers, these vessels being timed so as to alter- nate with the P. and O. Company's vessels on the Red Sea line. The ships to be employed are not to be of less burden than 2,500 tons, and must have accommodation for 500 steerage passengers; and the tenderers have a choice as to whether they will ask for a I fixed sum as a subsidy, or such, a form'of I contract as will encourage the immigrant trade. The British and Australasian Steam Company, now being formed here, and some of the English shipbuilders, will no doubt enter the field to secure the contract, which is to be for seven or ten years. Measures will also be taken in England^ it is understood, through Mr. Yerdon, the agent-general of the colony, to draw the attention of intend- ing immigrants to the field which this colony presents to them. The harvest is now over, and is gene- rally pronounced to bo good. The season, has been unusually dry; and although on the average not hotter than usual, some days of very severe heat have been experienced. The conse- quences have been injurious to the squat- ters and farmers in many parts of' tho country, cattle and sheep suffering most severely from want both of grass and water, and their unfortunate owners being put to the greatest possible shifts to keep them alive. Unless rain falls in abundance, both beef and mutton will be scarce in a few weeks' time, and considerably dearer than they have been for a long period. The works of water supply are still suspended, and there will not be much done in the matter of the Ovens Bail way till the new loan has been launched in London. The Government, however, have invited tenders in this colony for £300,000 in connexion with this loan, the money to be used for water supply. One of the last acts of the Ministry las been to visit new and extensive works of water supply at( Ballarat,' which promise to be singularly successful, and are already of great use to the district. The war in New Zealand, wo are happy to say, is nearly over. The local forces have at last obtained a decided success over the rebel Te Kooti, and in a very short time we shall,probably hear of the close of this brief but trouble- some and vexatious little war. SOCIAL. The policy of retrenchment of the Civil Service which the Government were last month initiating, has during the present one proceeded to more extensivo developments. Great reductions have been made in many departments, and a large number of Civil servants have been dismissed-some at very short notice. Amongst the most noticeable incidentswhichhave taken place we moy men- tion that Mr. Wright will be continued in his office of secretary of railways, which is not to be abolished, as at first determined. Mr. Fehon becomes traffic manager, and Mr. Jeremy remains on sick leave. Mr. Moore, the under secretary in the Chief Secretary's office, has retired under the piovisions of the Civil Service Act ; Mr. W. H. Odgers, chief clerk, has been appointed his successor, The office of superintendent of the electric telegraph department has been done away with, owing to that department having been combined with that of the Post-office. It will be open to Mr. M'Gowan, who held the office, to accept the post of joint-inspector of country post-offices. It is not only on the members of the Civil Service that the economising policy of the Govern- ment has pressed with these severe con! sequences, but in almost all branches of expenditure similar eductions have been made. Seventy men, principally mechanics, have been dismissed from the railway work- shops at Williamstown, Telegraph stations have been closed in outlying towns. Small post-offices ha\e been abolished-in all oases, of course, some persons being thrown out of employment by the change. It is not to bo sup- posed that these reductions have been made without occasioning a good deal of opposition, and numberless have been tho deputations which have visited Ministers to represent the local inconveniences which would result from the contemplated alterations. In almost all cases, however, the Government have adhered to the course they had determined upon. Some charges and counter charges made against each other by Mr. C, G. Duffy and Mr. "YV. A. Blair, of employing " dummies' at a selection of land at Point Nepean, have been investigated by a board of inquiry, con- sisting of Mr. Higinbotham, vice-president of the Board of Land and WorkB ; Mr. C. Hodg- kinson, Mr. Skene, and Mr. Steavensoni Both parties were represented by counsel. A number of witnesses wore examined, and the inquiry lasted three days. The tribunal having taken some time to consider its judg- ment, the decision was pronounced by Mn Higinbotbam. It was stated that the con- duct of Mr. Duffy was such as to justify sus? picion being entertained and inquiries made! but that ho had explained away all the charges, which it was held were completely disproved ; and Mr. Blair was even censured for bringing them forward. As to Mr. Blair, the dccision-in his case was "not proven," and not, as in Mr. Duffy's, "not guilty." The procedure and the jurisdiction altogether were novel, and in some respects ano- malous. A barbarous murder was committed at Kirkstall on the 9th January, A man named George Lloyd was found in his house with his skull literally dashed to pieces, it being fractured in five or moro places, apparently with an axe, Ho was still living, and lingered for some days. Before his death he said that his wife had attacked him. It seems that a quarrel had taken place between him andhis wife, but no one was present at the time when the violence was used which led to his death. The coroner's jury found that tbo injuries were inilicted by the woman, who was committed for trial on tho charge of murder. Another murder of a very deliberate cha- racter was committed on the 12fch January, near St. Arnaud. The murdered man was Mr. AmosChcale, manager of thoSt. Arnaudsilver mine, and the murderer, Andrew Vere, was for a long time engaged in the same mining en- terprise. An ill-feeling had long been enter- tained by Vere against Cbeale, on account of some litigation that had ensued between them on the subject of opposing claims.. Tho murder took place while Mr. Cheale was on his return home from a visit to the Friburg Silver Mino. The murderer had lain in wait for him in tho mallee scrub, at the edge of which tho mine was situate, and advancing from his concealment at the approach of his unfortunate victim, ho levelled a .double barrelled gun at him, and crying out- " Aro you ready to receive this?" fired both barrels, wounding Mr. Cheale mortally in the ab- domen. Finding that his dreadful work was done, the murderer plunged into the scrub, which is of a most denso and almost impene- trable character. It was I from the first ox-, pected that his capture would be attended with great difficulty, but considering that tho police of tho whole neighbourhood, assisted by many volunteers, have since been actively en- gaged in tho search, it is singular that no traco whatever of the culprit has been found, save on one occasion when he accosted the driver of a moil cart, about three milos from St. Arnaud, and gave him four, letters for delivery. i . I , The obituary notices for tho month contain the names of Mr. Edward Scott, for many years well known as the landlord of Scott's Hotel, and Mr. R. W. Larritt, inspector-gone ral of roads and bridges. On the 24th ult. a fatal accident occurred at Ingliston, near Ballan, to Percy, the only son of Mr. Charles, Brown, of this city. The boy, who was eleven years old, was riding to church. The horse was going at a slow paco, but stumbled and fell, throwing the young rider over his head. The poor boy's foot remained entangled in the stirrup, and thus he was dragged' a long distance, and when rescued was found, to bo so fatally injured that he died almost imme- diately. > ' A consignment of young trout Was brought from Hobart Town to Melbourne on January ' 16, in charge of Mr, Buckland, for the Accu ; .' t ' i . t ; , matisation Society of Victoria. A portion of them were placed in a high cool reach of a stream running from Mount Macedon, and the others were put into tho Yan Yean Reservoir. "We may, therefore, at a not very distant time expect to have trout-fishing added to the sports available in Victoria. Major General Chute, K.C.B., commaudor in-chief of Her Majesty's Forces in Australia, has sailed for New Zealand, to make one of the periodical inspections of troops. His Excellency the Governor -with Lady' Manners Sutton has been spending a week at Montpellier Farm, near Carlsruhe, the pro- perty of Mr. W. Degraves. H.M.C.S. Victoria is now laid np en per- manence. Her men havo been paid off, and there are now retained only her chief officer and a boat's crew. Some members of tho Chamber of Com- merce waited on the Attorney-General the other day to confer with him on tho subject | of legislation on tho Insolvency Laws. It was elicited that Mr. Smith proposed to take the old Insolvency Act of this colony, and engraft on it those portions of the Scotch act which had been approved of by the associated Chambers of Commerce in England, and by the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce in par- ticular. , It was agreed that, pending the meeting of Parliament and the introduction of the new bill, the Chamber of Commerce should continue to give its attention to tho subject. Mr. William Hutton, of Mount Rouse, died the other day from blood-poisoning, occa- sioned by handling greasy wool when he had1 a small Hvound on one of his hands. I Shocking accounts come from the interior,' as to the state of affairs produced by tho long drought. In a Wagga Wagga papor wo read that "in almost every direction the roads are swarmed with flocks of wretched animals, mere bags of bones, seeking in vain for a mouthful of something-anything-to oat. A Hock belonging to Mr. Morton, of Grub bengong, had been driven to Bland's Creek, and were brought back to Grubbongong, with a loss of 1,300 from starvation and thirst ; SOO were lost at one fell swoop by rushing pell-mell, in the agonies of thirst, into a watei-hole, and smothering themselves in the mud." At a meeting of the Victorian Shipowners' Association held on tho 20th January, reso- lutions were adopted affirming the desirability of establishing a Marine Board of Victoria, to consist of the harbour master, stipendiary magistrate; and ten ordinary members-one to he appointed by the Government, one by the pilots of the port, two merchants elected by the Chamber of Commerce, four ship- owners elected by the association, and two underwriters elected by the Underwriter»' Association, The Blackwall liner Sussex, which left this port on Saturday, January 23, conveyed fifty-three time-expired men and invalids from various regiments, together with ten women and twenty-one children. The troops were in charge of Lieutenant Harrington, of the 2-14th Kegiment. The Victorian Society of Blues, at their annual meeting, held recently, resolved to communicate with the trustees of the Mel- bourne University, with a view of establish- ing an exhibition at that institution. The following are the names of the mem- bers of a commission just appointed by the Governor in council to be commissioners to promote, by lecture and otherwise, techno- ogical and industrial instruction among the working-classes of Victoria " :-Mr. Bindon, M.L.A. (chairman); Mr. Vale, M.L.A.; Mr. David Blair, M.L.A. ; Mr. J. G. Burtt, M.L.A.; Mr. David Thomas, M.L.A. ; Mr. George Rolfe, Professor M'Coy, Dr. Bleas- dale, and Mr, Richardson, M.L.A. The Royal Society of Victoria held its annual meeting on January 11, when the president (Mr. R. L. J. Ellery) was re-elected to that office, which he now holds for the fourth time. The report read by the secre- tary was, upon the whole, of an encouraging character. A fair amount of valuable scien- tific work had been done during the year, and steps had been taken for the erection of a library and other necessary buildings for the society, the cost to be defrayed by money bor- rowed upon debentures, which were being disposed of. An interest in the proceedings of the society was being kept up, and there was money in hand. An extensive fire broke out at Talbot on Wednesday last, and swept off the whole of the buildings of the crescent. The premises of the Bank of Australasia ; those of Mr. Thomas, fruiterer ; Mr. Goodman, billiard saloon kepper ; Mr. Curtis ; Mr. Back, butcher ; Mr. Flynn, grocer ; Mr. Stein, tent-maker; and a Chinese store, were destroyed. It is stated, but we cannot say on what authority, that the fraudulent telegram sent to London relative to the Yadanamutna mine, South Australia, several months ago, with a view of inflating the shares, was for- warded from Melbourne. The senate of the Melbourne University has sanctioned a change made by the council in the statutes, by the introduction^ of a pro- vision to issue certificates to candidates for as many subjects as thoy passed in at the matriculation examination, though they did not pass in a sufficient number to matri- culate. This wtU have the effect of extending considerably the inlluence of the University.) i An attempt made on the Gth January to rob the Gympie coach, Queensland, mot with a brave and successful resistance. ,Two mounted bushrangers fired upon the passen- gers and wounded one in the wrist. Having brought the coach to a standstill, thoy pro- ceeded to rob the passengers, and got £25, but on going to Mr. King, of the Bank of New South Wales, who had £2,000 in his charge, he got his revolver, filed four shots, and, it was supposed, wounded both of the robbers, as they made off without touching the mails. Two men have since been arrested -one of them badly wounded. Steps have been taken in Geelong towards the formation of a local whaling company, the capital to bo subscribed in Geelong and Ballarat, Geelong to be the port of departure, the capital to bo of £10,000 in 4,000 shares of £2 10s. each. The attempts of the Sunken Vessels Re- covery Company to raiso the City of Laun- ceston having failed, all the right, title, and interest of the Ballarat company in the wreck of the steamship City of Launceston havo been sold by the sheriff, and bought for £380 by Captain Lawrance, for a company formed, or about to be formed, to attempt to raiso the sunken ship. The new proprietors havo already communicated with Mr. Maccmay as to arrangements for making anothor attempt. ! An accidental collision occurred on the 9th January on the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Railway, a short distance from the station at Flinders-street. As a morning passenger train from Brighton was approaching tho station, a ballast train was just being shunted from the main lino into a siding. The last truck of the ballast train was not yet clear when tho engine of the passenger train carno up and struck it on a buffer, which was car- ried .away, by_ the blow. Although tho train was then going at very reduced speed, the shock was sufficient to throw the possengcts from their seats with violence, and raaiiy bruises and severe shakes were sustained. Almost the only case of anything Uko serious injury was that of an eldorly gentloman named Wilkinson, who had his collar-bono badly fraotured, and also received other hrrts. Tlie disaster is attributed to negli- gence on the part of tho guard arid engine-drivor of the passenger train, who aro said to havo disregarded the signals exhibited. The company taking the view that these men were culpable, have instituted a prosecution against thom. i j Advices from the Gulf of Carpentaria re- port that a white man has been seen amongst the aborigines in that district, but whether he was detained by them against his will had not been ascertained. The total number of recruits obtained in Melbourne by Captain Stack, for the New Zealand armed constabulary, was 205. A melancholy accident took place on the 4th January, in the tunnel of a mine on the Nintingbool station, near Smythesdale. Five men were overwhelmed and killed by a mass of falling earth, their names being Sonne Milson, Nüs Hansen Rus, Claus Henrick, and Niels Rasmussen—four Danes ; the fifth man being a Chinaman. William Mackrell, a resident of Williams- town, was killed on the night of January 11, on the Williamstown railway, by being over- taken by a train as he was walking on the line. The committee of the Alfred Hospital have chosen designs for the proposed buildings. Out of fourteen plans that were sent in that of Mr. Charles Webb was awarded the first prize, that of Messrs. Smith and Watts the second, and that of Messrs. Robertson and Climie the third. The estimated cost of the hospital according to the prize design was £36,66415s. A new roll of magistrates has been gazetted. The principle on which it has been prepared is to limit the jurisdiction of, justices of the peace to the general sessions district in which they reside. Police magistrates retain juris- diction over the whole colony. The statement made some time ago by Mr. Moses Alexander, that he had at a former election paid the sum of £60 to Mr. C. E. Jones (at present Minister of Railways and Roads) for political purposes, will probably be tested to the satisfaction of the public in the course of the forthcoming action Alexander v. Jones. All the counts, except the one in- volving this statement, have been abandoned by the plaintiff, and the case now stands for trial on the simple issue of payment or no payment. It will, as far as present appear- ances go, be heard next session. A very distressing accident lately occurred as Sale. A man named Murrell was at work cleaning out a well, and was being lowered into it, when some foul air which had accu- mulated suffocated him, and he fell to the bottom, and was drowned. A Mr. Steele at- tempted to rescue him, but he met with the same fate. A third man bravely essayed to go down, but becoming insensible, was drawn up to the surface, having had a narrow escape, as the rope had slipped, and he was saved only by its having become entagled about his feet. A cargo of 133 horses was forwarded to Cal- cutta by the American ship Montana, the shippers being Messrs. Macklin and Baldock. The lot included several known racehorses, and they were equal to any cargo ever taken from this port. A portion of the new Melbourne, cattle, yards has been finished and taken possession of. The yards are spacious, solidly con-, structed, well designed for drafting cattle, and are arranged with raised roofed plat- forms running between the rows of pens, so us to allow intending purchasers to inspect the stock. The yards, so far as finished, will accommodate 1,000 cattle, and were built at a cost of £10,000. Some sheep-pens have to be erected, at a cost of about £6,000, after which the remaining portion of the cattle yards will be built. A warehouse and factory of stately propor- tions and pleasing architectural effect has been erected in Little Flinders-streot east, by Messrs. M'Arthur, Sherrard, and Copeland, importers and clothing manufacturers. The building, when fitted up, will cost about £18,000. ? I St. Mary's Cathedral (Catholic) at Sydney was destroyed by fire on tho 5th January. The building was a temporary one, raised to supply the place of the old cathedral, which was burneddown some years ago. Tho ship Tornado, which at the date of our last summary was in quarantine, was roleosed after undergoing tho necessary cleansing and fumigation, but the passengers have had to endure the disagreeable detention of quaran- tine up to the present time. All who were found free from disease would be released to- day. LoW fever had been experienced on board. ? ' a. , GOVERNORS BROWNE AND DTJCANE. Colonel Gore Browne, tho retiring Govornor of Tasmania, and his successor, Mr. Ducane, were, for a short period in the earlier part of the month, the guests of His Excellency Sir Henry Manners Sutton. The conjunction of three viceroys of the British Crown, though necessarily a circumstance of rare occurrence amongst us, excited but little attention, owing doubtless to the fact of our dis- tinguished visitors appearing altogether in a non-ofiicial capacity. Colonel Gore Browne and Mrs. Browne, accompanied by Captain Stewart, A.D.C., arrived in Melbourne on the 31st December, from Hobart Town, per the Southern Cross. They were received at Sand- ridge by His Excellency Sir Henry Manners Sutton, who drove down in his private carriage to meet them. On landing they proceeded immediately to Toorak. On the 2nd ult Mr. and Mrs. Ducane reached Melbourne from Sydney by the s.s Wonga Wonga, and in the first instance occupied apartments in Menzie's grand command night" was given at' the Theatre Royal, on which occasion thoir Ex- cellencies, Sir Henry Manners Sutton, Colonel Gore Browne, and Mr. Ducane, with their respective families and suites attended, and witnessed Hie performance of the Christmas pantomime of " Robinson Crusoe." Thoy were very cordially received, being cheered on entering and leaving the building. On the following day a visit was paid by Colonel Browno and Mr. Ducane to several public institutions, the National Museum more especially being regarded with great interest. Colonel Browne and Mrs. Browne em- barked for Europe in the shipHolmsdale on the 7th ult. Mr. and Mrs. Ducano havingarranged to remain some days in Melbourne, took advantage of their sojourn to pay a visit to Ballarat for the purpose of inspecting the mines. They proceeded thero on the 6th ult, and received a very hearty welcome in the metropolis of the cold-fields. They were taken through several of tho principal mines in the locality, and inspected with- evident interest the various works, more particularly those of tho Prince of Wales Company, in which tho process of crushing the quartz and extracting 'the gold from tho stone is seen to great effect. The distinguished party re- turned toMelbournethesamoevening.andleft on the Monday following by the steamship Tasmania for launceston, en route to Hobart Town, ' whero they received a very enthusiastic reception. THE VISIT OF THE 'DUKE OF EDIN- BURGH. Nothing has yet been decided with regard to the manner in which His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh is to be recoived on the occasion of his second visit to the colony, nor have any preparations been made for his entertainment during the time ho will be amongst us. li is generally understood, how- ever, that His Royal Highness is to bo treated moro as an old and welcome guest than as the representative!of the Royal Family, and that ho is on this occasion to be spared the iniliction of official receptions, loyal addresses, and so forth. It will undoubtedly be much more agreeable to our Royal visitor himself to be suffered to seek in his own way, and accord- ing to his own inclinations, whatever of amusement and recreation the colony is able to afford, though both Government and people will, of course,! do all in their powor to promote the comfort of our distinguished guest wherever ho goes. There are mariy new districts, possessing' features of interest for the traveller and attractions for tho sportsman, which may bo visited, while in all parts of tho country, plenty of willing and eager entertainers will be found. But though the formalities of a public reception will bo dispensed with, the i circumstances under which the Duke of Edinburgh pays us his second visit aro auch as to mako a popular demonstration of some kind inevit- able, and advantage will no doubt bo takon of the first opportunity that presents itself for giving expression to those feelings of loyalty and affection. which have been called into play by tho attempt which was made upon His Royal Highnesses Ufo'at Sydney. Public entertainments of various kinds will of course bo again held in honour of our distinguished visitor, who may piso bo asked to lay a foun- dation- stone or two, and to inaugurate ono or two public buildings., Tho less, however, His Royal Highness is' troubled in this way the better, and it is to be hoped that tho persons who mako tho arrangements in these matters will bo as considerate as possible. Nothing that can mako the Duke's visit an agreeable one ought to bo neglected, and the public amuse- ments which take placo during the autumn season will doubtless be arranged with this object in view. Tho Victoria Racing Club have already paid attention to this point, and havo fixed the autumn meeting for tho 27th and 29th March, when His Royal Highness is expected to be amongst us. The Mel- bourne regatta is usually held about Easter, and the aboriginal cricketers will also bo in Melbourne during the Royal visit. It has been suggested by a correspondent of this journal that an industrial exhibition, for a week only, should be held in Melbourne, in order that His Royal Highness may havo an opportunity of seeing what we can turn out in the woy,of manufactures. The idea, how- ever, has not yet taken any practical shapo, and the small timo that remains for carrying out such a project will probably prevent any thing being done in the matter, j . ?> j , > ; - >,' . . i THE PROPOSED CUSTOMS UNION. Tho federation of the Australian colonies for commercial purposes still continues to be a prominent subject of discussion,' but wo are unable to record tho taking of any important step in the matter since the last English mail left us. We have, in fact, to wait for the result of the proposed intercolonial con- ference, which cannot take place before March, before we can guess how the project i will be favoured or opposed. Truo to their instincts, the M'Culloch Government have waited to know how the political winds blow before they take any decided step, and so care- fully havo they shrouded their action that it is only from a Sydney paper that wo aro able to gather their simplest intentions. Among tho papers lately laid before the Parliament of New South Wales was the following letter from Mr. M'Culloch :-"Tho Govern- ment of Victoria is fully alivo to tho im- portance of the questions proposed to bo dealt _ with [in tho proposed conference], and is especially anxious that the most advantageous relations may bo established between all the Australian colonies in re- ference to the customs duties, facilities for the intercolonial trade, postal service, and ocean IírIíís. Tho full discussion of these subjects by duly accredited representatives of the colonies interested cannot fail to bo at- tended with the greatest advantage, and this Government will gladly tako part in a con- ference for that purpose ; but I regrot that the state of public business, and the proba- bility of Parliament being in session, make it impossible for them to bo represented at Sydney in February next. It is, therefore, suggested that, if convenient to tho other Governments concerned, the conference be hela in Melbourne at tho date proposed ; or, if that be not practicable, that a later period of the year be named for the mooting at Sydney." It was intended that on Wednes- day last the Melbourne Chamber of Com- merce, which may be said to have given tho initial impetus to tho movement, should thoroughly ventilate the subject at their quarterly meeting, but tho extreme heat of the weather, and the impending departure of the English mail, caused the adjournment of the meeting tilt Friday next. ' COLLAPSE OF 'THE PANAMA MAIL COMPANY. In our last mail summary wo recapitulated the history of the fall of the Panama, New Zealand, and Australian Royal Mail Company up to date, showing how the company's steamers Tararua, Rangitoto, and Claud Hamilton, had been purchased by Messrs, M'Meckan, Blackwood, and Co., shipownors of this city, for tho purposo of continuing the vessels in the New Zealand trade, and how the larger steamers woro to be despatched to England, via tho Straits of Magellan, at regular intervals. Sinco thon the Airedale and the Egmont havo been bought by the A.S.N. Company, while the Otago lies in the Yarra the subject of a lawsuit, although she had been sold in London by the mortgagee, lho new purchasers of tho company's steamers have placed them on their various lines, and their change of dwnorship ia beginning to be forgotten. The first to change nor flag was tho Tararua, which hoisted her house Hag at her main'at the beginning of tho present month. Captain R. H. Ferguson, who commanded tho Tararua for her former owners previous to his promo- tion to be their marine superintendent at this j port, has been again appointed to his old com- mand ; and the future career of the vessel could not well be inbétterhands. Thesteamer which followed the Tararua was the Rangitoto, the command of which has been given to Captain James Hagley, previously of tho s s. Tararua. The Phaibo is now the only one in the posses- sion of the company of the boats which were employed in the intercolonial trade. BANKING INNOVATIONS. The commercial community of Melbourne during the past month have had their atten- tion drawn to extraordinary proposals made by three of our banking institutions as to classes of business which they intend to transact in future, and which many think is -the National and tho Bank of Victoria have announced that in the ensuing seasion of Parliament they propose to apply for acts to enable them " to take security by woy of mortgage, legal or equitable, or charge over lands, tenements, or hereditaments of any tenure, for any advance or loan made by the bank at tho time of taking such security, or for futuro advances, and not meroly for an advance or loan made previously, and to advance or lend tho money of tho? bank upon snch security, or in anticipation or expectation of such security ; provided that, except in cases of an advance or loan made previously, and not in anticipation or expectation thereof, no such mortgage or charge as aforesaid shall be taken otherwise than as collateral security to some bill of ex- change, promissory note, bond, guarantee, or other similar security." The effect of this would bo to abolish tho restrictions now im- posed upon making advances on land, or dead securities as they are called. As it was put by Mr. Highett at the meeting of the Bank of Victona shareholders, tho "ad- vancing of moneys on mortgago had been tho ruin of nearly all the banks which had failed in England, and their fall could be clearly traced to their having a large amount of dead advances locked up during the period of crisis. Mr. Gilbart, in his work on banking, said it was opposed to all legitimate sound banking principles. It was all very well for the board to say they wanted this power but they did not intend to exorcise it. There could bo no doubt that it would bo exercised in the course of a year or two, and thoy would get a largo amount of dead advances on thoir books, which, in case of ,a crisis, they would never bo ablo to realise upon." On tho other hand, it was urged by the advocates of the proposed change that nearly all tho other banks in the colony were allowed to make advances on mort- gage ; that the policy of the Legisla- ture in England had been to remove all restrictions from the joint stock banks ; and that practices were sanctioned now. which were forbidden a few years ago. Tho directors did not purpose to make the banks land banks, but at present thoy woro obliged sometimes to go beyond the provisions of thoir acts of incorporation in taking theso securi- ties, and the result frequently was that, .as the security was notlegal, the banks sustained loss. It was better, therefore, to legalise the practice, and permit the banks to do diroctly what they now had to do indirectly. In addi- tion to this it was pointed out that hitherto the banks were accustomed to take stations (held under licenco from the Crown) as security, but now so many of the stations wero freehold, that unless tho law were altered, no further advances could bo made on that description of property. Tho opposi- tion by the shareholders to the proposition made by the directors of each of tho banks named was very slight, and at mootings spe- cially convened, resolutions woro adopted authorising the application to Parliament for an act. The idea is not, howevor, favourably encertained by the outside public, who natu- rally do not wish the moneys of banks of issue to bo looked up in securities not capablo of being speedily realised. The third bank to which wo havo alluded, is the Colonial Bank, and tbo action proposed to be talton by this institution is also unfavour- ably commented upon. Indeed, the directors of that body wero not themselves unanimous on the advisability of ths course suggostcd ; and ono of them (Mr. MacBam, M.L.A.,) has resigned his position, as ho was opposed to the views of his co-directors. It appears that on tho 31st December, at a meet- ing of tho board, it was agreed, on tho motion of Mr. W. J. T. Clarke, " that the the bank is prepared to take charge of ' wool in London, on such rates and terms as may bo customary." This was subsequently altered by the addition of tho words ''for its own constituents." Mr, MacBain protested against this resolution boing agreed to, on the eround that tho board would bo engaging, in a branch of business which is outside the sphere of legitimate banking, which would interfere with tho business of tho merchant and commission agent, and which be belioved would ultimaioly provo injuri- ous to the best interests of tho bank. In a correspondence which subsequently took 5lace in tho columns of The Argus, botwoen Ir. Buines. the manager of the bank, and Mr. MacBam, the former defended tho new policy of tho directors on tho ground that > i ' ' several of the banks have consigned wool to their London offices for many years past." "Tho Legislature of this colony, ho writes, " has encouraged, by special enactment, bankers and others to advance money to squatters on their current dips of wool. Surely, the advanco is as safe when repre- sented hy a bill of lading; and policy of insurance as when on tho backs of the sheep, and the board of management as well ablo to judge of the amount of, ad- vance in the ono caso as,in tho other." Mr. MacBain replied that, " whatovor may have been the practice of some banks in excep- tional cases, and in others whore not only tho wool but tho sheep and station becamo the properties of tho banks, I think I am right in stating that no bank in Victoria up to the present timo over affirmed tho prin- ciple that it was cither prudent, or consistent with sound banking principles, or within their legal power of trading, to assumo tho position of the merchant or commission ogent, and to tako charge, for sale in London, of wool belonging to their con- stituents." Ho denied that any analogy can be drawn from tho practico of advanc- ing on clips of wool, and pointed out that it might place the credit of the bank in London in jeopardy if it was overtaken by a crisis whilothey had in their possession a largo quantity of wool for sale in a falling maiket, and without merchants' bills to discoant (as was usually the case) to enable thom to rotire all drafts payable by them. "Amongst many other reasons (ho concludes) which I urged against the bank engaging in the wool busi- ness, Mr. Burnes will remember that I men- tioned that tho bank might as well ask theirl London manager, who was authorised to dis count bills of exchange drawn against ship- ments of manufactured goods and produce tO| this colony, for the future to step into the merchant's position, and take charge of tho| goods for sale, to do the samó with sugar from the Mauritius, tea from China, and rice from India, as to engage in the proposed wool business." It is generally thought that Mr. MacBain has had much the best of tho argu- ment. BALLARAT MINING STOCK IN LONDON. i Considerable disappointment is felt at Bal- larat at the difficulties Messrs. W. C.i Smith and Thos. Carpenter have experienced in London in their efforts to seclvro English capital for the working of the Great Western and Winter's Freehold Compames. Their cool reception is attributed to two communi- cations from this colony published simulfca-i neously with their arrival in London in The Times nowspapct and the Banker's Magazine! Wo cannot but condemn both of thesd letters. They aro written ?without sufficient' knowledge of tho subject of which they treat,1 and in a spirit of detraction that savours much moro of tho disappointed speculator than of the judicial cntic of passing events.1 Some of the schemes that have emanated from the Ballarat " Corder" havo been of a very doubtful character, and these wë have not hesitated to expose and de- nounce. But it must not be forgotten that it is Ballarat enterprise, and to pome extent Ballarat capital, dispersed 'over Vic] toria that is carrying on half tho largo opera* tions which contribute so materially to the aggregate productiveness of the colony. ¡ It is the practice hore to jeer at tho excessive smartness of the " Corner" men ; and Col- lins-street loungers, as they mourn over their mining losses, like to represent themselves asthe innocent ' victims of fraudulent con- spiracies. But in most cases they have been misled by thoir own cupidity. Grasping at extravagant profits, they have ventured their money in unsafe or dishonest speculations, which promised muoh, to the nogloctt of legitimate undertakings of humbler preten- sions. The disparaging letters which met the Ballarat speculators in the teeth on their arrival in London wero probably inspired by spleen, occasioned by the disappointment of expectations that never bad any real founda- tion. At all events, they_ bear internal evidence of such an origin. They con- tain no definite charges against the schomes to which they rofer, but only general detraction of tho Ballarat mining public. As to tho Winter's Freehold mine, which is bl whicn 'Hingiran aiii is being ínvitcü, ' imî present proprietors have shown that they themselves believe in it, by paying down £50,000 as the purchase money of the land in which they proposo to operate, The mine has not yet been proved j but Ballarat men invest their own money every day in mines which have not been proved. Thoy go by "indications:" and in the case of the Win- ter's Freehold Company's ground those aro highly favourable. As to the terms on which it is proposed to admit the English public to a share in the property, that is a subject that Melbourne correspondents might fairly havo commented upon, and one which will no doubt be fully considered by English capi- talists before they become purchasers i of tub company's stock, | The Ballarat Star, in an articlo on tho subject, says :-" Tho obstacles which have been met with in raising tho capital required for the Winter's Freehold and other com- panies which havo been placed in tho Lon- don market, havo created a good deal of surprise. We havo been so long accustomed to trust to our luck and our reputation for success, that our self-lovo is touched in its tenderest point when there aro any signs of a chance of failure in doing that which Castlemaine, through Mr. Kitto, so readily accomplished. Wo nave, however, but little doubt that tho capital sought will bo raised, though it will certainly not be done so quickly as was believed, nor on such favour- able terms as wo had a right to expect. There appears to bo no doubt that tho Mel- bourne correspondent of The Times and a writer in the Banker's Magazine havo both done a great deal to hinder success. _. . Beyond question, tho rovelations which havo been made from time to time of tho fantastic tricks played in Ballarat, in the rigging of the sharo market and tho management of mining companies, have had a very bad offect in Mel- bourne, and the correspondent of The Times has merely put into print what may be hoard any day from persons who have invested in Ballarat mines. Indeed, if we wore to put tho writer to theiproof, he could, from his own knowledge of legal matters, produce evi- dence from proceedings in the law courts in support of what ho has said ; and if ho was to toko to quoting cases, wo aro afraid that wo should not cut a vory satisfactory figure in tho eyes of British capitalists. But wo have a right to complain that this correspondent has told only half the truth. Ho has dwelt upon the many faults plainly visible in tho carrying on of mining matters, but ho has said nothing about tho follies from which many of them aroso. nor about tho largo sacrifices mado for the promotion of legiti- mate mining enterprise, no has not told the London public that thero is hero a periodical monia, during which Molbourno is as'credulous as the most simplo young man from tho country in tho hands of Cockney sharpers, nor pointed out that tho gullibility and supineness of investors aro the causes why jobbers who fish for gudgeons get so many bites. Wo wonder what the people on the London Stock Exchange would think if thoy wore told that 'outo Victorians invested largely in companies based onnothing hut a prospectus, whoso promoters nover hau and ncvor meant to have a claim. ? Yot this has occurred moro than once, and, when the next periodical mania comes round, will occur again. Wo ask only that the truth shall be told, and we'therefore ask that whilst our job- bers are condemned for thoir trickery, and, in some cases, downright dishonesty, that the statement shall bo mado that tho gullibility of the Melbourno public is one great predis- posing cause of this state of affairs. . , I. What sotisfactioon can Mr. W. C. Smith cive the keen business men of London as to tho manner in which business is conducted hero ? If they do not know already, thoy aro sure to be told, that Mr. Smith himself, at the farewell dinnor given to him, deprecated tho tricks played at the Corner to run shares up and down, and ho cannot show that there is any security against this. He will bo obliged to confess that quotations aro framed by men jobbing in shares, and that a combi- nation of a fow mon is able at times to rule the local market, This, we submit, ought not to bo.No one says such hard things against tho Corner as the Corner itself, and surely it is not surprising that folks in Melbourno should remember and repeat what they have heard here. It is idle to waste our indignation ' on those who haye said no more'than has been said in'every Melbourne paper any time this last five years, but our duty is to show, that wo can place our i! mining business on such a basis as will enable us to go into the market of the world without fear of any question being raised as to tho character of our enterprises." ' THE GOLD-FIELDS. The i Christmas and New Year holidays being fairly over, the miners have onco moro settled down to hard work. Throughout tho colony their prospects generally aro good, and in several districts lato discoveries give tho hopo of improved yields for tho futuro. Tho Spring Creek rush, which is roforred to in another column, is an especially promising gold-field. Another nugget, weighing 24oz., has been found at Godfrey's Crook, a placo which has already yielded a largo number of good-sized nuggets. For instanco, we read in a local paper that "a lad about sixteen years of age, who had nover usod tho pick and shovel, started to try his luck os a mindr at Godfrey's on lost Monday week. When he returned to dinner the same day ho took home a IGoz. nugget." From 'the Lyell Creek diggings, Buller River; N.Z., the discovery of a nugget weigh- ing 8íh}óz. is announced. The. speculative zeal which prevails in Victoria at presont for originating new enterprises in quartz reefing is constantly extending tho area of its operations, and we now hear of a company, formed principally of Melbourno capitalists, for working some long-abandoned reefs in tho district of-Yandoit, near Daylesford.' Pay ablo gold has been discovered on tho Nino mile Creek, near Mr. Georgo Thompson's farm. The locality is about livo miles west- ward from Whroo, near to the M'lvor road. The depth of 'sinking is twenty-livo feet, through surface soil, clay, whito comont, ana a very heavy wash of quartz boulders, over j the washdirt. Tho sinking is dry. Tho wash dirt is fiom twplvo inches to twenty inches in thickness. ' The prospects washed have been two pennyweights oil the bottom of tho holb, and ten pennyweights per load from throe loads washed on the 26th inst. About twenty miners are at work on the ground. A disco- very of a highly valuable character has been made during the past week in tho neighbour , hood of Talbot ; tho ' exact locality, how- ever, being kept a secret. It appears that some time1'ago a'party of six men, believing 1 that a certain piece of ground, which wo aro informed is within three milos of Talbot, presented particularly auriferous indications, resolved to prospect it, and with that vieta divided themselves into threo parties, tho understand being that whichover "dropped" on gold should admit tho rest to equal shares. This was agreed to, and hole after bolo was sunk with but littlo success, until one of tho parties bottomed on something moro'than ''the colour," and, due investigation showed that a very 'valuablo claim was obtained. Since thon excellent yields have been met with, and the lost week's washing cavo a return of COoz., leaving a dividend of £40 pör man. Within tho last few days they havo struck a quartz vein, from which two pieces of gold were broken out weighing about 20oz, The lucky finders declino to allord any in- formation as to the locality in question until thoy have taken the necessary steps to securo their ground. ' ' A glance at tho official roport, which re- views the events of the quaitor ending with tho month of September lost, shows that tho progress of tho gold- fields, as moasurcd by results.,1 has in the past year beon backward. Instead of an increase, there has 'been a steady falling-off with each successive quarter, both in tho quantity of gold obtained and in the iproportion of it exported. Tho first .quarter of the year closed with au aggregate ,of 307,125oz. lGdwt. of alluvial gold, and 134,93Goz. 8dwt. from quartz, or a'total of 442,0G2oz. 4dwt. from all the fields thou opened. For tho second quartor the return is 270,349oz. 18dwt. from alluviums, and 14G,103oz. ldwt. from quartz reefs-total, 424,012oz. I'Jdwt., or a deficiency of 17,549oz. ßdwfc. us compared ?with the yield of tho previous quarter. In tho last quarter referred to in this report, tho decrease is equally remarkable, there having been 'only 28G,79Goz. lldwt gob from allu- viums,1 and 150,Ü89oz. 12dwt. from quartz, giving a total of 407.48Goz. Odwt., or a defi- ciency of 17,02Goz. 13dwt. in comparison with the June quarter, and of 34,678oz, 18dwt. iiñtion quuitci.* xi. '.ArricoiJimui'iib uuiTh.l¿,u will naturally bo looked for in the quantities exported, and wo find this to bo the case to a noticeable extent. Tho export of the first quarter was 532,0G6oz, lOdwt. ; of the second, 385,7!)2oz. ldwt., orl46,274oz. 9d\vt. less than tho first. Of the third quarter the export wos330,840oz. 7d\vt,, or54,915oz. 14dwt. less than the second, and 201,2i;0oz. 8dwt. less than the first qnarter. For the threo quarters of last year, thereforo, our ontiro yield of gold amounted to l,274,0Gloz. Odwt., of which l,248,704oz. 18dwt. was exported. Tho de- crease shown in quantity may bo accounted for in two or threo ways. In some districts thero has been next to no water ; in others the 'miners' have been occupied in opening out fresh ground and deepening shafts ; but the most prominent causo is tho abandon- ment of old alluvial claims which have hitherto yielded good returns but aro 'now 'worked out. Side by sido with this fact goes another most important one-viz.', that in- creased attention is being everyvvhoro givon to quaitz-mining. While tho yield from alluvial claims has regularly fallon with each quarterly return, that from quartz-reofa has as regularly risen, though not yet in! equal proportion to the deereaso in tho former. Tho number of miners employed was 03,482, Machinery having an aggregate of 20,(583 hórso power was worked on the various fields; and the gross valuo of mining plaut was £2,133,855. There woro 837i squaro milos of auriferous ground actually worked upon, and 2.CG1 distinct quartz reefs wero proved to bo gold- bearing. Tho lowest price givon for gold was £3 per ounce, that sample coming from a Gipps Land diggings. Tho highest price given was £4 2s. 3d,, for gold taken from tho central division of tho great Ballarat fields. THE SPRING CREEK RUSn. The rustí at Spring Creek has so far justi- fied tho highest expectations originally formed of it. Tho population now numbers ovor 12,000 persons, and thero cannot bo any doubt that an extensive, permanent, and prosper- ous goldfield has been added to tho list of goldfields in Victoria, and that in a very short time wo shall seo anothor important town where, a few wooks ago, the silence of the forest was unbroken. Tho oxperionco of tho past month'tends to incrooso pub- lic confidence in tho extensivo resources of this district, but tho scarcity of water is so great that gold-washing on any- thing '.hko an extensive scalo is out of the question at present. Tho miners aro stacking 'their washdirt in most instances ; those who aro'able to carry on their work without washing aro in many cases satisfied with thoir i prospects, and aro quito content to stack thoir'dirt till win tor. But thero oro many ¡ minors who cannot afford < to wait for winter, and these have to get a few loads washed at a vory high but not unreasonable rato, whan the diffi- culties are taken into consideration ; S)a. and 10s. por load is tho presont rato charged by the puddlers, and at this rato it is not always possible to get stuff washed. Avery rich piece of washdirt has beon taken from the claim of Messrs. Barker and Basset, a few hundred yards north of tho prospectors' claim. Tho pieco of dirt weighed about 12dwt.or 14dwt" ' and thoro was at least Sdwt of Ano gold in it. Groom and party washed 90oz., from tho result of four men's labour for fivo weeks. Owen, and party of three, working the adjoining claim, obtained G4oz. in tho same time. Theso returns we give with every relianco on their accuracy. A now rush has set in ata placo called Magpie-flat, about twomiles from Spring Creek, towards tho river. About 100 claims aro takon up. The causo of this rush was that a party of minors (Dunno and Co.)had been prospecting in tho locality, and had struck payablegold in forty-feet sinking. They registered the prospecting claim, anda rush took' placo immediately. Another rush has set in to the south-west of the township. > It appears that somo miners struck " good gold" up tho south-western branch of tho load, towards Compton's Creek ; and somo of thoir friends being "laid on," a rush ensued, and tho ground was marked out for a consider- able distance towards the Fivo-milo Flat. Tho population appears orderly, and. con- sidering the excitement caused by the dis* covery, but few cases of lumping claims occur. ' By somo persons the lead of gold now being prospected is supposed to be trending ' towards1 Costerfield in tho vicinity Of Heath- cote, which latter place, as.regards mining pursuits, remainsnlmost deserted, but a reac- tion will probablytakeçlaciaftera'sh'ûrttimeY The township is asáuming» large proportions.} A theatre and soveral banks havo been es^i-,. Wished, and Spring Creek has had>a news- paper of its own for the past month. Tlio importance of tho place, and tho wants of its large population, have at length attracted tbo attention of the^Governmont, so that a beginning has been made to supply those wants ; and wo hear of the establishment pf.a post-offico, the holding of a court of | ¡potty sessions, warden's court, and other ] institutions requisite for tho management I of a gold-field, and for the maintenance . of law and ordor. The next step towards I tbo permanent establishment of ,the town- l which will in a great measure depend on 'the ' inhabitants themselves-will be . tho ¡introduction of municipal institutions, and itlioi framing of laws and regulations for {carrying out all the requirements of a new . .town. The subject of water supply is the j ono great question which at prosont occupies , 'the minds of the inhabitants. The residents, Jih'public meeting assembled, havo appointed -a ^'progress committee" to watch over, the .interests of the community on the questions 'of water supply, the establishment of a jinunicipality, «o. A draft copy of a pros ipectus of a water supply company is already i prepared. It is proposed to raise a capital of £20,000 in £2 shares, and tho waters of tho ^Goulburn aro to bo raised by steam machinery i jto a reservoir sufficiently elevated to supply the wants of the now diggings by tho aid of i gravitation. It is proposed that half the capital shall bo hold,by Spring Creek re- sidents, and that the remainder will De im- mediately subscribed for in Melbourne. In this manner tho local people will be abloi to have an equal voice in tho management., Mr. Moline and a survey staff proceeded! von Thursday week to Spring Creek, with jjthe object of surveying the Uno between tho I Goulburn and the rush. t í THE POLYNESIAN COMPANY. . ' j "The affairs of this company aro apparently ' every' day assuming a moro business-like, "'aspect." The 'following is an extract, fromi a letter, dated Levuka, Ovalau, towards J the close of lost year, which was received 1 in town by the last mail from Sydney :? ' "I am pleased to know that the Polynesian 'Company is progressing favourably. The second company, the Planters' Association, wUl be popular in Fiji, for it advances an ^important interest as yet but little entered . into here, but about which much has been ,,thought and said amongst our planters, and much anxiety has been expressed that the . original Polynesian Company should engage c in it, that is, tho manufacture of, sugar and »spirits. Tho Rewa district particularly,is [ well adapted for tho growth of cane, bettor . than .for the growth of Sea Island cotton ; ' and the short staple cotton has now becomo \ so reduced in price that many will bo glad to abandon their cotton-fields, and turn to tho culture of sugar-cane, as soon as they can bo assured that a ' plant ' will bo orcctca within , thoir district, or at Suva, affording a market." ^The company, however, seoms to be un Íiopular in somo quarters, and occasionally etters appear in the papers, calculated to dÍ3 '[courage somewhat the enterprise of intending settlers. Notwithstanding, tho operations of the company havo been pushed forward with u onergy and spirit. It is intended to despatch, h about the 1st of tho ensuing month, the ship i Alfred, from Melbourne to Fiji, talcing a num bor of directors and shareholders of the com- pany, who purposo settling on the island. ', ! "'/'CHARACTERISTICS OF THE WEA- THER. Our last communication to our English ' readers described what terrible weather was endured hero on Christmas Eve. The story ',was then 'of a fierce blasting hot wind from i tho nortbj raising the temperature in some .iplaccs to 152° in the sun and 115° in the '?shade, causing innumerable bush fires, a large ^destruction of propeity, and tho total loss bj i'uro'of the small mining township of Glad ¡.stono, on Maximilian Creek, in Gipps Land. 'j Our news of tho present month, though not '^so exceptional, is scarcely moro re-assuring, ^Tbere bavo been a fow intermittent thunder- storms, but tho blessing of a fruitful rain ii i withheld. Tho oxtreme drought which pro1 'yails over the face of the country, and its ' disastrous consequences in somo districts, render tho comparative meteorological obser nt vations of tho season more interesting thor thoy usually aro. Onrefeienco to some tables ., prepared at the Melbourno Observatory, wt ü lina that the total rainfall at Melbourne foi 1868 was 18"3in, the average for tho last tor in raiman to the extent St about /in. Min , winter season was especially deficient, as ir j tho three months Juno, July, and August, only 37in. of rain fell. Tho consequence was, that the ground failed to bo proporlj ) saturated at tho proper season, and vegeta u tion was thus unable to resist the dry weathei ( of the summer time. Tho rain which foil during December was l'2m., being 2-0ir _, below the nverago of the samo mouth for the lost ten years. ; , Although at the beginning of tho season i very hot summer was freely prognosticated j this prediction has not been, thus far, born« , out by the result, the mean temperature o December having been C27deg, which wai , 0'7dcg. below the average of tho montl , during the lost ten years. But though tin v ,mean temperature has been koptdown by thi , unusually long pro valence of tho south wine N -which has perhaps also occasioned th( , great dryness of the weather-tho temporatun ( on one day¡ December 24, reached the boich I of HOdeg. m tho shade, which has been but , very rarely attained in Melbourne. Since tin t above facts woro promulgated, Melbournt and a considerable portion of tho surround i ing country have been subjected to mon floreo hot winds-not, howevor, equal to tha' of last month-and very violent thunder . storms, accompanied by showers of rain which ended only too soon.' It is feared thai the fruit and potato crop will be damaged te =, somo extent, but the grazing districts wil certainly ho benefited to a slight oxtont. j ' , , AGRICULTURE. ' ' ~ i We are getting over tho summer bettoi than was expected. It is a serious mattoi hero when, after six months of moro or les: decided drought, January _sots in hot anc dry, for little rain is usually to bo looked foi , before April ¡but three weeks ago the weathei t broke, and sinco thon heavy showers hav< 7 fallen at intervals over most parts of th< .different colonies. Still, feed and, water ar< j the winters having boon so dry. .Therefore dqej , very scarce, tho parched earth quickly absorb 'ing the rain that falls. In fact, nothinf \ moro than the more uppor soil has boen thoroughly moistened for the last two years, ' i water-holes and reservoirs that never failed . boforo havo been dry this year, and farmers .i'and other settlers, who usually havo no diffi- culty in this way, have been obliged to carl j water for ithomsolves and their stock from n . L distance of many miles. Feed having utterly 3.jfailed in. many places too, owiiorsof small t lots of cattlo and sheep havo been obliged , to drive them to market and soil thom foi ., iwhat they would fetch, or drivo thom away to J .tho better grassed and watered districts, and i -pay. for their koop. Those who could not r afford to toko tho latter course, had to drive II thom to the ranges, where rough food is to be .. had, but with the prospect of not being abk ii to recover ihalf of thom whon food becomes \- ' plontiful again at their proper homes. On ti ' larger scale sheop havo been given away, hall tho number to bo returned in thrco or f oui í months, and many flocks in tho interior art v said to havo died of . ctual starvation, ¡ > Sovoial hundreds of thousands bavo beor -> started on thoir travols, to crawl about the , country in search of the feed and watei , which had utterly foiled on tho stations ol ? i their owners, and only a small por contage ol , v these can survive The great scarcity of watei t in tho interior is proved by the fact that the \- j herds of wild horses have becomo an oasy pre: . 'to the settlers, where in ordinary yean \- - nothing can bo dono with thora, But thù year water has bcon retained in so fen : spots, that tho settlers havo boen on .-. ablcd to fence in the drinking places, s and either to get the horses into yards al i < these, t and shoot thom, or allow thom , te j, wander in vain round tbo water thoy cannoi \ »roach,.until thoy drop down and dio. Thus t i serious nuisance will be got rjd of, tbougl , after a cruel fashion ; but tho losses in cattle ? i and Bheep will bo very great also, moro par . 1 ticularly m tho latter. The rains that hav< ,1 fallen t as yet will do little towards giving t i jWnewcd supply of gross and water, but the] j nwill help, and wo must only hopo thal .j tho worst effects of the drought aro over /.Tho'farmers aro just now busy threshinj . out i their grain, and tbo yield of wheat is Îiretty good. A greatly oxtended breadth ol and was sown with this grain, so that the % i growth of tho year will bo moro than ample >,nfor our own consumption. Oats wore a lighl -1 «rop, and have lately risen much in value, ; owing, partly to tho drought ; and as wheal is falling, and likolytofafl to oxport prices, wo shall soon havo again tho anomaly of the ..bushel, or 401b,,,of oats being worth as much ins tho .bushol, [or, 601b., of^whoatN Thus the ¡nobler grain will have to bo once more used for feeding.purpbses, and a loaf of bread will ibb cheaper refreshment for a horse than'a feed of oats. The national' grain show is to be held this year at Sandhurst, on the 23rd and 24th of March, but a number of com paratively small prizes aro offered for very many different things, so that the show is certain to partake more of a local than a national character. The district is famous for the production of fine grapes, and several prizes aro offered for these and for wines, ni order that they may form a prominent feature at the show ; but tho grapes are ripen- ing so early this year that thoro will be few left by tho end of March. It was feared that the vintage would bo decidedly short m quantity, though superior in .quality, but tho late showers will help materially to swell tho crapes. The market has been exceedingly well supplied with other kinds of fruit, not- withstanding tho drought. MELBOURNE MEAT PRESERVING COM- PANY. This company appear to havo finally solved tho problem, so long debated amongst us, as to the best and most remunerativo mode of disposing of our surplus live stock. Satis- factory proofs aro being every day afforded of tho superiority of the process employed by this company in the preparation of pre 'served meat. There is reason to boliovo that in the course of time this article must be- come not only an important staple of colo- nial produco, but supersedo «i toto tho unpalatable salt junk usually supplied amongst ships' provisions. To a considerable extent it has accomplished the latter already, and tho improvement, judging from tho in- creased demand for tho article, oppears duly appreciated. A few days since, a convincing proof was afforded, if such woro needed, of tho success of tho company in preserving meat to stand both timo and climate. About twelve months since a number of tins of preserved beef and mutton were forwarded to England, and with a view to fully testing the condition of the meat, thoy wero sent back to be opened in Melbourno. Tho trial took plaoe in tho presenco of several gen- tlemen interested in the experiment. The result was most gratifying. Tuo mutton, pro served in its own jolly, retained the tono and fibre, and at tho same time tho sweetness, of meat only a fow days old. The beef also was found to possess ollits firmness and nutritious properties, being of excellent ilavour and most palatable. Samples of tho English pre- served beef, from Deptford, were tested at the same time, and were pronounced greatly in- ferior to tho meat preserved by this com 'pany. As tho company can supply a irnueh ^superior article at noarly half the price ,charged by, English manufacturers, there can bo very littlo doubt that the preserved meat of tho former will 'gradually bring about a demand for it in England and on the Continent. . Good orders have been already executed for both tho English and French navies, whilo in India it is regarded with great favour. It may be mentioned that Queensland is about following the oxample sot by Victoria in this respect, a now mcat-prosorving company having recently been started there, with a capital of £10,000. LABOUR MARKET. 1 There has 'been but littlo change in tho condition of our labour markot (prior to tho last few days) since our report for December. Two causes have combined, however, to ren- der labour slightly easier just now, viz., tho finish of harvest and the long drought which has interfered with all agricultural operations. For farm and garden labour, therefore, tho demand is not so brisk asilost month, and wages have gonoback a trillo in consequence ; still, a good ploughman can obtain from 15s. to 20s. per week, with rations, and other la- bour is paid ata corresponding rato. Although there is at present felt this smaller pressure upon the resources of the country, it cannot be expected to romain long so. Every day absorbs a portion of tho available material in works other than agricultural, and tho increased trade activity of the city is throwing open to the unskilled workman now ways of employ- ment. Good mechanics and decently in- dustrious workmen are fully employed, so that manufacturers aro glad to get depend- able labourerai for lower kinds of work. Domestic servants are in groat request, the difficulty being to get such as oro competent to the situations they undertake-colonial "servantgalism" in a general way presents the samo features as that of the old country, only thoy aro moro strongly marked with us. Mj>j^/i<l--^vM*rJa°--^'ii.bûM^HM|imhraTii:e._*w! household service aro exceedingly good. The following prices for various kinds of labour may be regarded as fairly maintained :-Stone- masons and bricklayers, 10s. por day; carpen- ters, 9s. do. ; builders' labourers, 7s. do. ; shepherds, £30 to £40 per annum ; shearers, 16s. to 17s. per 100; superior do., 18s. nor do. ; hutkeopcrs, £22 por year ; lads (who can milk), 12s. per week ; general farm labourers, 15s. to 20s. do. ; tbrco-rail fencers (stuff laid on tho line), Is. 9d. to 2s. i per rod ; grubbers and splitters and fencers, 4s. per rod; wood- splitters, 3s. Gd. per ton ; gardeners, 20s. to 23s. and 28s, (first-class) per week ; bush carpenters, 18s. to 20s. por week, with rations ; general carpenters undertaking bushwork, 30s. do. ; black and shoeing smiths, 30s. do. ; wheelwrights, 35s. to 40s. do. ; brickmakers, 18s. to 20s. per 1,000, with rations ; married couples, without encumbrance (first-class), from £65 to £65 per annum ; do. (second class), £45 to £05 do. ; female sorvants (good), country, £26 to £28 do. ; laundresses, £2G to £28 do. ; cooks, housemaids, £26 do. ; nursegirls, 5s. to 7s. per wcok. Common labour may bo quoted at Gs. to 7s. por day. SETTLEMENT UNDER THE 42ND CLAUSE. The extent to which the 42nd clauso of tho Land Act has been used to facilitate the ac- quisition of small holdings, and the largo amount of settlement which has thereby taken place, have been placed before tho public by a series of articles from a spocial reporter of this journal, who has mado a tour through the districts whoro settlement has been most active, and published his obser- vations of its results. In this manner wero visited tho Castlemaine and Yandoit districts, Franldin and Daylesford, Strang- ways, Tarrengower, Moolert, Creswick, Smeaton, Clunes, Beaufort, Ararat, and Pleasant Creek, It is impossible hero to give details of the results witnessed. Wo can only say that evidence wasi collected of the settlement of an extonsivo population of small farmers, working their little holdings of from forty to sixty acres each (sometimes moro, sometimes less) with their own hands, overcoming all of tho difficulties inci dont to settling on new land, and in many cases now attaining positions of (comparativo comfort and independence, Tho following account of what was soon in one distriot might equally stand for tho description of many other districts: -" It is in the four parishes of Burko, Dean, Bul larook, and Wombat, however, that tho energy of the miners and others who havo taken up land is most conspicuously mani- fested. A great portion of this land was, but a short time since, a denso and almost impe- netrable forest. Most of the holdings aro only twenty acros each, and thoso who selected so small a portion of such country, with tho idea of forming a home and making a living, must have boon possessed of nosmaU amount of pluck and endurance. They, howevor, knew the quality of tho soil, and that it would well repay all the outlay both of capital and labour expended upon it. It is, in fact, some of tho very finest that can bo found in tho wholo colony, and is-worth at least £5 an aero. Consequently, thero is scarcely an oligiblo sito which has not boon occupied, and which is not boing improved. ? On most of tho holdings good weatherboard habitations havo been erected, and there is generally an air of independonce, comfort, and contentment prevalent amongst tho forty-seconders in these districts which sneaks well for thoir future prosperity. In many cases the roughest part of the work has been dono, and already thoy are reaping the reward of .their past labour." A return of the working of this clauso shows that, under the original regulations, i (May, 1805) 2,108 applications woro granted, representing an area of 30,841 acres. Under tho regulations of February, 1806, to tho 31st of Novembor, 1808, there wero Í1.8G2 appli- cants, and 24,498 licenses woro granted, i covering an area of 475,579 acres, and repre- senting a revenuo of £89,555. In the month of December, 0&9 licenses wero granted, ropre-i scnting on area of 27.488 acres. The average area held by each licensee is only 37& acres, and the average rental per annum is 3s. Ud, por aero. '_ THE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND, i Tho intelligent» from New Zealand respect- ing the nativo war is of a much moro satisfac. tory character than that brought by the last two or threo mails. At one of the two seats of war in'foct-the East Coast-the strugglo Would seem to bo practically at an end. To Kooti, after one or two repulses, retreated to the Ngatipa fortress, whero ho was sur- rounded on the 26th of Decombor, by the troops under Colonel Whitmore, comprising 300 men of tho Ngatiporos, sixty of tho Arawas, and 300 of the white constabulary. The pa was a very strong one, and was do fended by 200 men, who had with thom a number of women and children ; but the enemy hod not provisions enough to stand a siege, and they modo two unsuccess- ful attempts to break through the bo sieging force. Colonel Whitmore made pre- parations to carry the placo by assault, and on the 5th January tho outer works feU into his hands. The advance was pushed on by rifle-pits and sap under cover of the dark- ness, and such preparations were made by daylight that tho storm could not have been resisted. "Under these circumstances," writes Colonel Whitmore, in his despatch to the Defence Minister, "To Kooti shot the most influential of his prisonora, and escaped down tho cliff, whicb was very high and steep. The women were first lowered, then followed the men- Te Kooti himself, wounded in the shoulder, and still lame of his wound ot Ruaketure, apparently having been one of the last. This was effected from one to three a.m., during which time Major Fraser, who 'was the nearest of the forco, fired heavily and with some effect on tho place whence the sound carne. The last nativo had barely escaped whon our people entered, and how over formidablo the work looked outsido, it was still stronger to look at from close by. The Ngatiporo and Arawa division, who have behaved splendidly throughout, started at once in pursuit. To Kooti's followers spread out into tho bush in small parties. Tho pursuit was carried out in the samo way throughout the day till after dark The friondlies then re- turned with prisoners and plunder. The rebels had engaged the Arawa contingent, and killed Rongiho, a chief of note. Pre- viously to that Nikora had been killed, and his wife brought in. In all, more than 120 of tho enemy have been killed. These numbers are accurate, tho bodies having been exhumed from the enemy's ditches, or found lying in or about the pa, stripped of their clothes and arms by those who overtook and shot them. I think very few women, and those only by accident, havo been killed, and no children, The cohorns appear to have frightened the garrison very much, and killed some. The number inside must have exceeded our esti- mate, for tho escort carrying Te Kooti must be some forty men, and only eighteen out of the Uriweras were killed. lam despatching fresh parties in pursuit, and still boco to catch Te Kooti. Every man of noto in his band is killed except himself, and he cannot be for off. I blew down a largo portion of one of the walls, and fired a royal salute in honour of the capture." The loss of the attacking forco was only eleven killed and nine wounded. The friendly natives are in pursuit of Te Kooti and his hand, with the avowed determination of exterminating them all, in revenge for the massacre of tbeir friends and relatives at Poverty Bay. It is now apparent that tho bond of mon under Te Kooti, by whom so much mischief and apprehension were caused, did not number more than 250, though this was magnified at one time into a force of 700 men. With regard to matters on the West Coast, we learn that Colonel Lyon has assumed the command of tho forceSj and is about to com- mence offensive operations against the rebels, He expects to bo able to take the field with a force of about 400 men. SMALL-POX OR CHICKEN-POX? The month has been distinguished amongst the medical fraternity of Melbourne by a more than animated discussion upon tho nature of an eruptive disease which has shown itself in this city and its neighbour- hood. Dr. M'Crea, the chief medical officer of the Central Board of Health, has all along pronounced itchicken-pox, and in this opinion he is supported by Dr. George F. Holm, a gentleman recently from England ; by Dr. Duré, a French physician of some eminence : and several of the medical practitioners of the city. On the other hand, the members of the Victorian Medical Association, with Dr. Girdlestone, the health officer of tho city, maintain that the casos are thoso of genuine small-pox. Tho question is by no means decided at present (though the Board of Health aro taking such steps as are most likely to achieve that desirable result), but the effect of its discussion has been to causo considerable alarm among tho populace. Tho eiaun¿s._unou.,whicb"thQ advocates of tho circumstances under which the disease made its appearance, and the peculiarities it exhi- bits in its progress.1 Nothing was heard of this outbreak until the closo of December last, when a vessel called tho Avon Vale carno into port with a case of incipient small-pox on board. The patient was talton to the hos- pital, and as soon as tho disease declared it- self, the ship was ordered into quarantine, and the man removed to the Immigration DopOt Hospital, where he died. During the short ¿time ho remained in the Molbourno Hospital he was placed in a small word whore tuero was already a patient in the last stage of con- sumption. This patient caught the disease, was removed hko the seaman, and like him, died in a day < or two. The bedding and clothing of these men wore burned, and it was thought there was an end of the matter. But this Immigrants' Hospital is in a very crowded locality, and runs back upon somo of the most unwholesome dwellings in tho city. Among tho people living here thoro beean to occur cases of a disease like small- pox, and as they arose, they were also treated at the same hospital. The patients wero visited and examined , by any number of medical men, and notwithstanding Dr. M'Crea declared from tho first it was only chicken-pox, tho contrary idoa was en- couraged and spiead, until it is now very general. Tho symptoms favouring this view are given as the slow maturation of the pustules, the eruption on tho face being con lluent, and tho serious prostration of tho patients, as weU as the swelling of the face and head. Tho arguments on the other side have, of courso, a purely modical basis, but they aro seconded by the facts that the disease in all cases runs its course in a very short time, and that there is a total absence of any of the secondary disorders which are so fre- quently met with in variola, or small-pox. Soon deputations waited upon the Chief Secretary; thon a medical commission was i appointed, but opinions were so strongly adhered to, that although a majority favoured the opinion that tho cases wero thoso of varicella, or chicken-pox, tho result was no moro satisfactory than before. Ono thing, howover, was accom- plished-tho patients wero lomoved from tho hospital to buildings at the Royal Park, where thoy can bo thoroughly isolated. Tho disease has lately manifested itself at a small hamlet colled Greensborough, some seven or eight milos from Molbourno, and is said to have been carried thoro by wood-cartors. But the cases oil exhibit tho same symptoms ; the' patients all get well, and go to work within about a fortnight, ona no single death has occurred amongst them. Tho Central'Boord of Health is now ongaged in collecting tho opinions of every medical mon who has seen these cases, with a view to tho final bettlcmont of the question, DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS- PITAL. During tho four weeks ending January 30, twenty-six persons died in the hospital while under medical treatment for various diseases. Tho names of theso persons are given in' alphabetical order, with such par- ticulars as con bo gathered as to the arrival, pievious occupation, and placo of birth, in oach caso, that they may be identified by friends at homo ! Atkins, Alice, 'aged 36 years, a native of Tipperary, arrived in 1803 by tho ship Great Tasmania ; injury to tho spine. Bragen, Charles, 28, seaman, native of Swe- den, arrived in lb08 by the ship Lincolnshire ; pneumonia. Butterworth, Edward, 62, miner, nativo of Lancashire, arrived in 1817 by the ship Star ; diarrhcoa. Cavidore, Elizabeth, 36, a nativo of Devon- shire, arrived in 1854 by tho ship Osiris, bronchitis ; Cleary, Thomas, 30, groom, na- tivo of Dublin, arrived in 1858 by the ship Alabama; diseoso of the heart. Coleman, Kate, 35, nativo of Dublin, arrived in 1801, but by what ship is not known ; dropsy. De Beer, William, 24, seaman, nativo of Amsterdam, arrived in 1868 by tho ship Eliza Slmirp ; fever. Fitzgerald, Bridget. 20, domestic servant, native of Ireland, arrived in 1805 by the ship Donald M'ICay; consumption. Flannery, Mary, 20, domestic servant, nativo of County Clare, Ireland, arrived in 1804 by the ship Morning Light ; typhoid fever. S Glassford, Matthew, 62, calico printer, na- tive of Scotland, arrived in 1850 by tho ship Red' Jacket; dysentery, following upon in- flammation of tho lungs. Gregory, Hannah, 58, nativo of Waterford, arrived in 1857, by the ship Appleton ; consumption. Hall, David, 47, plumber, native of Glas- gow, arrived in 1846 by tho ship Belmont ; dropsy. Hibberd, William, 3G, hairdresser, native of Bristol, arrived in 1857 by tho ship Monarch of the Seas, consumption. -- Johnstone, Annie, 25, domestic servant, native of Ireland, arrived in 1806 by the ship Star of India; consumption. . Kennelly, Patrick, 24, cooper, native of Ireland, arrived in 1863 by tho ship Red Jacket ; consumption. * ... Lewcock, George, C3, silversmith, native of Middlesex, arrived in 1856 by tho ship Rod Jacket ; disease of the heart, Lundon, Wil- liam, 20 drapor, native of Ireland, arrived in 1803 by the ship Sandringham ; consumption. Newham, Charles, 38, i groom, native of Norfolk, arrived in 1854, but by what ship is not known ; delirium Iremens. North, Eliza, 49, native of London, arrived in 1863 by tho ship Gibson Craig; inflammation of tho lungs. > . ... Rushton, Thomas, 70, pensioner, nativo ot Yorkshire ; no particulars obtainable, de- ceased having been brought to the hospital in a state of unconsciousness from paralysis, in which , condition ho s continued till his death. i Scott, Arthur, 35, seaman, native of Scot- land, arrived in 1857, by the ship Mary Wauuh ; chronic dysentery. Sharpe, Ann, 44, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1850 by tho ship Burra Burra ; carcimonia of the breast. Smith, Charles, 57, seaman, native of Lon- don ; arrived in 1853 by tho ship Stratheden ; disease of tho heart. Spencer, Thomas, 62, labourer, native of Herefordshire ; arrived in 1827 by the ship Surrey ; consumption. White John, 56, carpenter, native of Scot- land, arrived in 1855 by tho ship Medway ; diarrhoea. Wilson Ann, 56, nativoof Ireland, arrived in 1838, by the ship Diamond; diarrhoea. _ SPORTING. The principal topic of conversation, in sporting circles, has been tho late Grand National Steeplechase. The stakes, it will bo remembered, wero awarded to tho owner of Viking, in consequence of the other horses, Ballarat and Babbler, one of which would otherwise havo won the race, having taken the wrong course at the finish. Both Ballarat and Babbler, however, took all the fences, while a protest was lodged against \ iking on the ground that he shirked the last ono. It appears, however, that the stewards have no power to aot unless the protest is made within a quarter of an hour after the race, and as moro than a day was allowed to elapse before any action was taken in this coso, the stakes have been handed over to Viking's owner. The affair has excited much dis- satisfaction, and it is regarded as a mis fortuno that the regulations did not give tho stewards power to declare the race null and void. The autumn meeting of the V.R.C. is likely to bo more than usually interesting, in consequence of the expected presence of the Duke of Edinburgh. Tho meeting has been fixed for Saturday and Monday, tho 27th and 29th March, and the club has decided upon giving away altogether a sum of £1,175. There bas only beon ono regular race meet* ing during the month, viz,, at Dandenong. Tho races occupied two days, but, in con- sequence of the limited number of the ac- ceptances, the sport was not exactly of the best quality. On the first day, Brunette won the Novel Kace, Playboy the Hurdle Raco, and Beadsman the Dandenong Handicap. The second day's events included a steeple- chase, which was won by Sydney, and a ladies' purse, which fell to Beadsman. On the 16th ult. a trotting match, four miles, for £300, be- tween Mr. Dixon's bg Jemmy and Mr. Martin Loughlin's g m Kate, carno off over the Dow- ling Forest racecourse, and was won easily by Jemmy. Timo, Umin. ' 32sec. Jemmy was hacked at 3 to 2. The ensuing hunting season promises to be one of the most successful wo havo yet known. At a meeting of tho Melbourne .Hunt Club, held for the purpose of commencing the busi- ness of tho season, more now members were enrolled than were admitted during the whole of the preceding season, and it is anticipated that the number of members this year will be nearly double that of last year. The secretary of the club has been instructed to write to Mr. Langhoino, of Laverton, with the view of ascertaining if any of the fallow and red deer, which had accumulated so fast on the estate that they were now being destroyed, could bo placed at the disposal of the club this season. > . The bream-fishing on the Saltwater Rivor continues to bo good, though there havo been fewer large takes than during the preceding KJPiYth,, u-uHu&T;îiSîf fâphewav^ï.u 9ÎA.3SÎ..a* in size, several having been taken weighing 41b. and upwards. The fishing at Anderson's Creek just now is also very good. Tho gray- ling aro said to be more plentiful than thoy were last season. In cricket, there is not much to chronicle, for although there havo been plenty of matches of late, none of them have ibeen specially interesting. The eleven chosen to do battle against Tasmania in the ap- proaching intercolonial match continuo practising, and will, no doubt, give a good account of their opponents. A proposition was mado on tho part of Tasmania that none but amateurs should toko part in tho match, and that it should be played with equal numbers on each side, but the Melbourne committee decided to carry out tho match in the sarao manner as that of last year, i.e., with cloven Victorians (including profes- sional players), against sixteen. Tasmanians. Since this decision was arrived at, the Tasmanians havo intimated their inten- tion of playing with only eleven men. Amongst the matches played during the month was one between tho M.C.C. and Bal- larat, in which the latter proved victorious, scoring 114, with two wickets to fall, against 88\. Only ono innings was played. A match was commenced on the 23rd ult. between tho eleven selected to play against Tasmania, and six teen players from the County of Bourke, but the superiority of the eleven is so decided thatthecontestisnotprovingavery interesting one. There isevery probability of a good match being played with the Abonginal cricketers before the close of the present season. Mr. W. R. Hayman, of Sydney, has mado an anangement with tho Melbourne Crickot Club For the uso of the ground early in March, when a three days match will probably bo played. Mr. Hayman thinks that tho pro- posed match will,prove a very interesting one, as the blacks, since their last appearanco here, have played together in at least sixty matches, forty-soven of which took placo in England, and tbey must consequently have greatly improved in their cricket. The annual Geelong regatta took placo on Corio Bay on the 28th January, but was much less successful than usual, owing to tho want of competition. The principal amateur rowing event-the ' four-oared gig ruco-did not come off, the only three ontrios that wero made having beon withdrawn, from various causes ; while for tho Maiden Raco only two crews started-tho Melbourno and tho Argus -the former winning pretty easily. Tho Yacht Race was won by Mr. Balfour's Corio, beating Mr. Schofields Sedulous and Mr. Heath's Southern Cross. Tho race, which was over a course of thirty-two miles, occupied nearly six hours- the wind being very light during a portion of the timo, and the contest was practically between tho Corio and Sedu- lous, the Southern Cross having fouled a buoy soon after tho start. Tho winning yacht came in about fifteen minutes in advance of the second boat. The metropolitan rowing crews aro now practising hard for tho ap- proaching Easter regatta, which promises to be the best we havo had for several years. THE THEATRES. The post month,' which has included the fag end of the pantomime season, which gets weorisomo enough towards tho close, has beon a comparatively uninteresting one in things dramatic. Tho pantomimo of ' ' Robin- son Crusoe," at the Theatre Royal, was con- tinued up to the 30th ult. . At the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre the principal attraction has been tho burlesque of " Tho Field of tho Cloth of Gold,''which is fairly put upon tho Btage, and bos been proportionately pa- tronised. Miss Joey Gougehheim has ter- minated a not over-successful engagement at this theatre, ,and her place has boon supplied by Miss Ada Hart, whoso only noticeable accomplishment appears to bo graceful dancing. On tho 7th of Januory, Mr. Roberts, tho manager, who had long been battling with adverso circumstances, was forced to seek the protection of the Insol- vent Court. His liabilities wero set down at £843 2s. 9d" and his assets at £5, show 1 ing a deficiency of £838 2s. 9d. Tho theatre has now passed into other hands, Mr. Roberts retaining tho position of acting manager. Tho comic singing of Mr. Barry O Neil, who retains bis popularity, has been the chief feature in the musical entertainment at tho Varieties. Tho lessee and manager, Mr. Do4 La Chapelle, was,'recently presented with a^ silver snuff-box lined*with goldj on1 tho occa sion, it is stated, of his departure for Franco on private business. Tho snuff-box ^was accompanied by an illuminated address ex-^ . pressive of tho appreciation of the subscriborsi -who wero oil employés of the establishment,'^ but not members of the professional troupe of the kindness and consideration which ho, had shown'in his management. Mr. T.'J Thompson, the accountant, was spokesman on tho occasion. Mr. Chapelle acknowledged the gift briefly but cordially. The employés of tho Theatre Royal to tho number of about 120, including a fow frionds invited by the management, enjoyed the pleasures of a picnic on Brighton beach on the 10th of January. Mr. Harwood, of tho Theatre Royal, leaves for England by the mail-steamer of this month, for the purpose of procuring novelties for the theatro with, which ho is connected. It is understood that a load- ing tragedian and good burlesque actresses represent tho talent which will chiolly bo in- quired for. Mr. Harwood is an Australian actor, who has been performing in these colonies for the last thirteen years. His greatest successes have been in burlesque, a class of business in whichheis pre-eminently good, but ho is remarkably versatile, and plays excellently a greater number of wholly dissimilar characters than, probably, any other living actor. His absence from tho colony is not expected to extend over moro than five months. THE REVENUE RETURNS. The Treasurer's statements of the revenue of the colony for tho quarter, and for the year, ending 31st December last, have been published. Taking the quarter first, we notice that the revenue received was £916,496, against £787,218 in the correspond- ing period of last year. This shows tho larg« increase of £129,277, an increase which arises mainly from sales of land by auctioa (£65,094), increase of the railway revenue (£22,839), of water supply (£6,741), toll revenue (£5,745) - no similar' item to the last appearing in the corresponding quarter of last year-and ' ' all other re- ceipts" under the heod of miscellaneous (£24,235). The revenue in the Customs de- partment shows a slight decrease (£5,864). The decrease on the one item of spirits was 4334,399. There were also decreases, but of no great amount, on the items wine, beer and cider, tobacco and snuff, cigars, sugar and molasses, coffee, chicory, cocoa and chocolate, opium, and malt. On the other hand, there were increases in tea (£100), rice (£2,660), malt, and wharfage rates and harbour dues (£8,493), A new item appears under this heading, as ' ' duties on River Murray goods, " tlio amount of which is set down at £7,394 only. The largest increase in this (Customs) depart- ment arises under the heading "all other duties," being not , less than £23,674. The Excise department shows an in- crease of £5,167, and it nearly all arises on the one item of " spirits distilled in Victoria," the increase in which is £4.938. Under tho head of "territorial revenue we notice that the amount realised by sales of land by auction has been £117,561, as com- pared with £52,467 in the corresponding quarter of last year. Tho sum which has ' ' accrued from rents and selections" has in- creased by £6,391 ; but that for pas- toral occupation ha« decreased to the ex- tent of £11,766. There is a decrease of nearly £5,000 in " fees, leases, and licences, and of nearly £200 on the item of "rents of leases under the Amending Act." There are.increoses on the amounts realised fiom miners' rights, business licences, leases of auriferous and mineral lands, and water right and searching licences-due, probably, to the effects of tho Spring Creek and Berlin rushes, and to the quartz fever which has broken out at Ballarat. The railway revenue improved from £151,272 to £174,111 an increase of £22,839. The water-supply is more productive by £6,741. The electric tele- graph department shows an impiovement to the extent of £400, and we have already remarked that under this heading of public works the item of toll receipts appears for £5,745, while nothing was recorded as re- ceived in the same quarter of last year. Tonnage and pilotage ot Outports have both improved- theformerby£1.024, and the latter by £25. The fees in >aH the courts showed an increase of £1,838, the lines £41 ; while the " miscellaneous, " which includes the Government printer, swell up from £9,277 to £31.320. The year, however, does not appear to come out of the ordeal of comparison so successfully. There was a decrease of £7,861 on the re- ceipts for the twelve months. The total parèdTith£3,fM^899inlM77Tbe, total oflne increases was £302,803, ond of the dooreases £310,664. The decrease in the Customs de- partment was £164,287, but'on the item of spirits it was not less than £242,309, which is accounted for, of course, by the forestalment of revenue on gin and other spirits so often referred to in these columns. The export duty on gold having been given np, the loss from this source is set down at £35,843. The other decreases were comparatively incon- siderable in amount, and were on wine, beer and cider, sugar and molasses, and malt ; while there were increases on tobacco and snuff (£7,994), cigars, toa (£9,912), coffee, opium, rice (£5,812), hops (£1,666), and whnrfogo and harbour rates (£14,358). The in- crease in the excise duty on " spirits distilled in Victoria," for the year, was not less than £19,647. For the same period the excess on the item of sales of land by auction was £33,971, and on suras " accrued from rents and selections" £5,454. Pastoral occu- pation gave less by £12,030 ; fees, loases, and licences more by £16,708; and rents under the Amending Act less by £7,699. The increase on miners' rights was larger than in the quarter, being £2,812. All the items under tho head- ing of "public woiks" show an improve- ment, ns follows :-Railways, £49,644; water supply, £5,021 ; electric telegraph, £1,380 ; and toll receipts, £17,280-the latter, of course, being as against nothing in the pre- vious year. On tonnago the increase was £799, and on pilotage at outports £157. Postage also showed a satisfactory increase (£4,300). Fees in the Supreme Court fell off by £1,236 ; and in the General Sessions and County Courts by £553. In the Courts of Mines, on tho contrary, thoy increased by £570, while, on tho other side, they declined by £607 in tbo courts of petty sessions. "All other fees," however-whatever these may have been-increased by £2,054. In fines the ocgregate decrease was £938. "Rents, exclusive of lands," gave £897 less than in 1867, but the Government printer was moro prolific by £1,113; the labour of prisoners produced an < increase of £644 ; for the storage of gunpowder £183 of an increase was received ; Government property was sold to the measure of £1,757 more than in 1867 ; and " all other reoeipts" were greater by the largo sum of £16,818. RAILWAY RETURNS. ' Although tho traffic returns of the Vic- torian Railways have exhibited a slight falling off in tho overage incomo of the first threo weeks of the year, as compared with 1868, there is nothing to warrant the supposition that thoy oro falling back from the improved position they have of late obtained. On the contrary, tho last statemout-that fortho week ending January 21-shows a surplus of receipts for that week alono over the receipts of the corresponding week of lost year moro than equal to tho whole deficiency on the average. Thus, tho account stands'£3,918 for passen- ger traffic, as against £3,474 last year ; £6,365 for carriage of goods and minerals, against £5,894 ; £557 for carriage of cattle, against £195 ; and so on, until tho total for tho week reaches £11,260, as compared with £10,028 in the same week of 1868. The aggregate re- ceipts, however, are only £33,536, while in the some period of tho post year they wero £36,397, a deficiency which reduces tho pre- sent weekly average from £12,132 to £11,178. The Melbourne and Hobson's .Bay United Railway Company aro able to furnish oven a more satisfactory return than this. For tho week ending January 21, their rccoipts have been £476 in excess of last year during tho same period, there having accrued an in- crease upon overy item of receipt included in the statement. Passengers have produced about £170 more, merchandise £300, and parcels and sundries a small increase. Tho total receipts for the week aro £2,032, as com- pared with £2,156 last year; the aggregate to date amounts to £10,024 ogoinst £9,954 ; and the weekly average to £3,341 as compared with £3,029 for the some weok in 1868. NOTES FROM THE SEA. Several of the ships which sailed from England in October and November lost mode remarkably rapid passages to this j port, notably omong them being the Theophone, the Hyderabad, tho City¡ of'Marictiester, tho Thermopylae and tho Hippolyta., ,'Tho Theo- i .phono mado the passage insixtyrfive days, the ' Hyderabad in seventy-four days, the City of Manchester in seventy-four days, ..tho^Hip* 'polytà in seventy-six days,,tho Thormopylo in sixty-two, days, i theEssox¡ín sixty-nine days, and' the Wave of Lifo| in soventy-fivo days. /These splendid passages-all the^vossels being deeply 'laden-seem to strengthen" tho'befiet which has.-'beenO entertained for^somo years past, that the fastest voyages to theso colonies are mado in the last ?[uarter of each year ; and to show that rom October to November is tho best tim» for leaving England, so as to make certain of favourable Winds. ! , It is curious, too, that the Thcophano sailed on tho 19th of October, and arrived on the 25th of December, while one of tho old favourites in this port- the Chariot of Fame made just as remarkable a passago at tho same season some eight years ago, ' She loft Liverpool on tho 27th of October on ,that voyage, and was reported in Hobson's Bay on the 2nd of January following. Tho host pas- sages of the Great Britain havo beon mado at tho samo season. During tho voyage of the Thermopylas, from Liverpool to Melbourne, ono of tho crew, named Peter Johnson, lost his life. He was engaged in furling tho jib, on tho 12th December, when he lost his hold, and fell from the jib-boom. Life- buoys wore im- mediately Hung to him ; tho ship was rounded to, but all the efforts to save him from drowning were fruitless. The intercolonial steamor Otago, on a late voyage to Now Zealand, oncountered a very sovere storm on the 17th December, five days after leaving Port Phillip Heads. The wind increased > to a terrific gale, accompanied by mountainous seas, one of which bioke on board, completely filling the decks and carrying away the stationary poop ladder. The steamer was hove-to, but the gale increased, and another tremendous soa was shipped, carrying away the port- side.of tho poop-companion, Hooding the cabin, bilging the starboard after- boat, and starting the poop-rail. This was followed soon after by another sea, which carried away tho fore and starboard side of tho companion, filling tho cabin and captain's room, and washing tho deck cargo overboard. The main-dock was filled, the engino-room ventilators carried away, and horse-stalls and horses knocked down. Fortunately the storm then mode- rated, and no further damage was sustained. The ship Salamander, bound from Hob son's Bay to London, was passing through Banks's Straits, when she struck upon a rock not marked on any of the charts, and was so injured that her captain was obliged to put into Sydney, the ship making eight inches of water an hour. Captain Clarke states that Goose Island was passed three miles distant at half-past six p.m. on tho night when she struck ; Swan Island light was passed six miles distant at nine p.m. ; and at twenty minutes past ten p.m., when the Salamander struck, tho bearing of Swan Island was west by north twelve miles distant. The ship Henry Miller, on a late passage from Newcastle to Torres Straits, struck on a coral reef, apparently newly formed, when drawing sixteen and a half feet of water. Tho correct position of the reef is lat. 20deg. 51mm. south, and long. 158deg. 2min. east. The Chilian whaling barque Concepción, Captain Richard Gould, when off Chatham 'Island, fell in with a school of large sperm whales. Three boats were immedi- ately lowered in pursuit, that of tho third mato (Pedro Robies, Chilian) being tho first to strike a large sperm whale, which was no sooner dono than tho whale turned upon the boat, and taking it in its mouth, crushed it to pieces, killing ono man, a native of Talcahuano, and breaking the leg of another. The boat commanded by the second mate then fastened on the samo whale, but, on his turning upon tho boat, the men jumped overboard and saved them- selves, os a few seconds afterwards tho boat was crushed to pieces by hi3 ponderous jaws. Tho fourth mate then carne up in his boat, and harpooned, but with exactly the same result as the preceding, boat. The captain sent tho first mate to pick up the boats' crews, and this having been effected, that officer was anxious to try his luck on the cause of so much mischief, but he was dis- suaded from carrying out his desires by the crew, who justly feared the consequences of so rash on attempt, there being at the time twenty-four mon in tho boat. The boat with the crews reached the vessel at nine p.m. She was kept in the whaling ground all night, and on the following morning the whale was made out, still having the lines attached. Tho captain then had his boat lowered, and proceeded in the direction of the whale, who no sooner de- scried his pursuers, than ho turned and made for the boat with open jaws, and .apparently resolved to make short work of his enemies, as on the preceding day. The captain, how- ever, skilfully fired a bomb lance down his mi util/,' UI1U, uy tv iliu.l>.iuiu inancourro, avoided his attack, and before the whale had time to turn ogain, fired a second bomb lance, which entering at the hack of his fin, effectually placed him hors de combat. It was anticipated from the size of the whale that 160 barrels sperm would have been got, but only the half was obtained. AU the 'lines wero recovered, and from the pieces of boats floating about and picked up, another boat was made. The Francis Tiioitp.-The Melbourno friends of Captain Outiidge, late of the Champion of tho Seas, are on the look-out for the new iron ship Francis Thorp, to the com- mand of which ho has boen appointed. On the last voyage homo of the Champion of the Seas, her plucky master accomplished a somewhat remarkable feat. The ship had sprung a dangerous leak which could not bo found, and the water in the hold was rapidly gaining on the pumps, when Captain Out ridge had a small platform put over her side, and sinking himself in the water with heavy weights, drove two wedges into the vessel's side, which had tho effect of stopping tho leak, and in all probability saving the uves of the passengers. i COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE ÍÍAÍLS. Tho Peninsular and Oriental Company1« R.M.S.S. Avoca, Captain Charles G. Perrins, after taking on board the Australian and New Zealand mails for transmission to Europe and India, left her anchorago in tho bay on tho 6th ult. punctually at two p.m. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S.S, Geelong, with the European and Indian mails onboard, anchored in tho bay on the 21st ult., at twenty minutes past seven o'clock a m. The Geelong, commanded on this trip by Captain Robt. T. Dundas, again made an excellent passage, and delivered her mails some hours before contract time. STATE Or TRADE. 1 The quiet of the month just gone pre- sents a marked contrast to tho fever and excitement which i prevailed throughout the previous month;, and, indeed, the extra amount of dulness with which the month of January has been characterised is trace- able solely to tho unusual degree of ani- mation with which the departing year was favoured. The coming in of tho new soason has necessitated the clearing off of stock in larger quantities than the ordinary channels of trade could permit. Some of the old year's consignments of bulk beer were still on hand ; about 800 hhds. of Bass's were got rid of, though at low figures. In cornsacks a reac- tion has set in, and prices havo declined fully 2s. per dozen, and no sales can bo effected even at the reduction. Of candles, which havo not attracted much notice, 14,000 boxes havo met with buyers. The only feature to refer to in coffee is tho sale, at a low figure, of tho Queen of tho Soas' small shipment' of native and plantation. Supplies of broad stuffs having been kept back ; the trade done h as been quite of a retail oharac ter. In feeding grains, over 100,000 bushels of oats woro quitted, and an advance of 6d. por bushel has been established. Maize has commanded equal notice. In rice largo operations havo been recorded ; 400 tons old rico, the balance of tho Arima's cargo of Patna, and about 1,000 tons of Java, havo been taken up. Transac- tions in sugar embrace 42,000 bags of Mauritius and Bourbon and 3,000 bags of Java. Of teas, .the cargo of the Albeit Victor and Ragna, and the balance of the Wm. I'ruing's and Katarina Maria's, amounting to 13,900 pack- ages, havo changed hands. The sale3 of timbor comprise-lumber, per J. S. Stone and Music ; flooring, kauri pine, cedar logs, Oregon and Canadian timber. Swan River mahogany, and deals, por Alida, Alexander, &c.; Colonial wines meet with a great doal of attention ; one lino of 25,000gal. has changed ' hands. < ' Sales of ocean-going steamers and tug- boats aro recorded. Messrs. M'Meokan, Blackwood, and Co., of Melbourne, wero tho purchasers of threo of tho P. A. and N. Z. R. M. Co. 's steamers, and two others have since been sold in tho other colonies te the Australasian Steam Navigation Company. I The Titan and Challenge steam-tugs, owned by Messrs. Spence Brothers and Co., were disposed of for £12,000 to Messrs. Norton and Co., of this city., 1 The arrival of the mail steamer was tele* t graphed early on Tuesday morning,'' tho 19th ' ult, and on Thursday morning the Geelong reached Hobson's Bay. On the shipments to Molbourne for tho month there'is an increase of £206,000. .Tho ,'othor .colonioa, except Queensland, also show, an increase ; but the remarkable fact'also appears, that the ship, ments to Tasmania' for the wholo month we're nil. > * _, Our advices from Calcutta reoch to 24th December. " Tho Portlaw, Ottawa, and City of Edinburgh had sailed as tho mail was leaving. Their cargoes consist chiefly of rice gunnies, and castor ,oil. From Colombo to 28th December, we 'oro 'advised that tim David and Jessio, Cnnmoro, and Stanley were / loading for Melbourne. Advices from Batavia ' to 10th December, roport the departure of four vessels. Three wore left loading for Melbourne. Our dates from Foo-chow are to 5th December, and of the four vessels despatched for Melbourne during tho month three-oil except the Doon-hovo already arrived, EXCHANGE ANO MONEY. Immediately on the arrival of tho Decem- ber mails from England,'the rate of exchange on London, was, by an agreement amongst the hanks, fixed at half pur cent, premium for sixty days' bills, selling rate, and' at half per cent, discount, buying rate. Interest on deposits is allowed at 2 per cent, for three months, 3 per cent, for four months, and 4 per cent, for six months' notice of withdrawal. The discount rates romain unaltered, 6 and 7 per cent, continues to be charged for bills of threo and four months'currency respectively and 8 per cent, for longer periods. ' 1 WOOL. The advices to hand by the December mail having proved of a satisfactory character, a much firmer tone has pervaded the market throughout the month ; the various sales held were well attended, and the biddings were marked by a good deal of spirit. A bout9,200 bales were disposed of. Greasy realised from 5Jd. to 9d. ; fleece, from 10 }d. to 18*d. ; and scoured, from ll^d. to 16}d. STOCK AND STATIONS. From Deniliquin wo loai n that tho nowa from tho inland districts is varied ,in ita charocter. In somo parts copious rains have fallen, while in others there is still drought in its severest f orm._ Rain now is of no ser- vice as far as grass is concerned, but it may serve to keep the stock alive hy preventing the necessity of cattle and sheep wandering away in search of water to slake their thirst. In the meantime, excepting on a few favoured and hghtly-stocked runs, cattle and sheop are falling oil. Fat cattle are scarce, but there ore ampio quantities of fat sheep in our im- mediate neighbourhood. From Dubbo and the, north the news is still bad, and the country is looking, wretched. " The fron- tages-through which the myriads of tra- velling sheep have passed-are as de- void of grass as a mail road ; and tho little feed on the back blocks is, in nine cases out of ten, rendered of no value through tho scarcity of water. Wo are sorry to say that tho heavy shower of rain which fell hero last week did not visit any of the stations on the Macquarie. In fact, twelve miles from Dubbo, scarcely as much water fell as would wet a shirt." The effects of tho drought are felt everywhere. From all quarters wo learn of frightful losses in sheep and cattle ; in fact, the worst seasons tho squatters of tho colony have had to contend against have been nothing as compared with the present. There is not a blade of grass to be found on most of the stations, and the stock hovo be- come so poor that, even though rain should now come, it is feared that the deaths will for some time after_ be more numerous than before. Even in the districts in the neighbourhood of Melbourne vory largo droves of cattle have, during the last few days, passed through Melbourne en route for the districts of Dandenong, Ber- wick, and Gipps Land. They aro in very low condition, showing unmistakable signs of having come from pastures moro in namo than reality. The forms around Wyndham. Kororoit, Melton, and other places to tho westward, have contributed to tho temporary bovine exodus. It is so far fortunate that there is grass in tho Mornington district. From the other colonies we leora that mat- ters there ore in much the same state. The Queensland Times says that a gentleman who bas just returned from the interior states that nearly the whole of the country from Ipswich to Ron.a is a perfect desert, and that the squatters' losses will be tremendous. Beyond Roma a good deal of rain has fallen, and things are looking better. BALES OF STOCK AND STATIONS. Tho following sales have been effected pri- vately:-The freehold estate, Ravenswood, near Sandhurst, comprising about 12,113 acres of land, with good improvements ; as also the vendor's interest in the Crown lands adjoining, and 12,000 sheep, of mixed ages and sexes, to Mr. llobort Moffat, for about £30,000 cash. A freehold property in Gipps Lune!, nuur Port, Albeit, known as Woodside, comprising about 4,300 acres, as also the in- terest in about 15,000 acres of Crown land, together with 1,272 head of cattlo and tomo horses, pigs, &a;, house, out-buildings, and improvements, for the sum of £11,600 ; terms, £5,000 cash, balance at six months', secured as customary. Tho Yanabecoona Station, on the Barwon, New South Wales, with 500 head of cattle, horses, &c;, without muster, for £1,700. The Torpichen Station, in the Lod- don district, near Wedderburne, with about 12,000 sheep and 576 acres of purchased land, was offered by public sale at samo time, but the biddings did not reach the reservo price, and it was thereforo bought in. The Traralgon West Station, in the South Gipps Land district, with 1,037 cattle, of vonous oges, was disposed of at 59s. per head; terms, half cash, remainder at ono and two years\bearing eight per cent. Messrs. Brock and Hordie's Corketgedong Station, in the Murrumbidgee district, New South Wales, with 21,500 sheop and all improvements, found a purchaser at a satisfactory prico, The sale of tho Myrtle Creek station, situated in the Beechworth district, the property of Mr. Humphrey Grattan, to Mr. Thomas Robert- son, was also reported ot a satisfactory price, on terms, , i fcüön FIRES. ) Further accounts arrive of tho exten- sive ravages caused by the late bush fires ill Gipps Land. The Rosedale district had been pervaded by bush fires for a whole week. Tho run of Mr. W. Pear- son, ot Kilmany Park, suffered very much, a large area of good pasturage bains laid waste. Several paddocks wero also burned in the immediato vicinity of Rosedale, and the town itself was menaced, charred pieces of bork and loaves being blown over the township in all directions, and falling on roofs, many of which were of shingle. THE GUAPE SEASON. The yield of grapes in many of tho vine yardsinthe Western District is likely tobo unusually small this year, owing to the attacks of the grasshopper and the drought com- bined. At Mr. Belperoud's vineyard, at Ber ramonga, Ceres, tho grasshoppers, beginning at the edge of the rows, hove, .proceeded into the heart of the vineyard, 'comprising ton acres, eating all the loaves and portions of the new wood, leaving the young grapes, less , in size than peas, exposed to the sun. Much of the new wood is entirely dead, and the fruit-bearing capabilities of tho vine thoreby retarded for one or two years. Tho chasselas variety, much esteemed as an early bearer, and fit either for the table or for wine pur- poses, hove been almost all lost through this cause. Moro than half of the produce of this vineyard,,it is calculated, has been already lost. At Mr. Pillond's vineyard, at Mur- gheboluc, the same results have been felt. The fruit has also sufferod in a corresponding degree in the orchard connected with this vineyard. A MINERAL SritlNQ. The Hepburn mineral'springs have recently attracted considerable attention. Their value in a medicinal point of viow has beon fully demonstrated, not only by the onalybes fur- nished by Dr. Bleasdale and by Mr. Johnson, Government analytical chemist, but by the beneficial effects produced upon tho health or thoso who have for ' any length of time accustomed themselves ' to tho use of i I the water. The springs are situated abour two miles and a half from Daylesford, in the midst of a district which for its varied ond romantic scenery and genial climate is scarcely, to be surpassed, in the colony. , For many years strenuous efforts have been made by interested persons to convert the spa to commercial account, ana if this object could bo achieved without detri- ment to the public, no doubt it deserves sup- port ; but we fear such a scheme isJiardly feasible. Recently a deputation from the neighbourhood waited on the Minister ot Lands to obtain from him, permission for a company to remove what was recorded as the surplus water, with a view to its being bottled for the home and coloniol market. Mr. Grant at that interview stated that the subject had been for some timo under the notice of toe Government, application for similar licence having been made many years before by toe firm of Messis. Joske Brothers. It was toe intention, however, of the Government not W grant a monopoly of, the water, to any com- pany or individual, und'in order to prevent the water being interfered with, the 'spring« wero to be gazetted as a reserve. Tho spnngs, lor pears, not to the extent that is desirable The .area gazetted is about one aero and a half, ?Whereas to render it roally valuable to the ipublic, and protect the spa from the designs . of speculators, sixty or eighty acrc3 would bo necessary. By a judicious outlay tho water might be mado to servo not only sanatory but ornamental purposes, and the placo rendered a .popular resort for invalids and pleasure seekers during tho summer months. Tho climate approximates somewhat more to ?that of the old country .than does that of -Melbourne. HEW INDUSTRIES AND MANU FACT UB.E8. As a satisfactory instance of tho variety of 4ho fiolds of labour open to,Victorian artisans, and their ability to compete in the market ?with the best homo workers, we may mention ..¿ho establishment of a new safe manufac- tory, that of Mr. I. H. M'Carthy, who has .purchased the patent and interest of Messrs. Dyke and Williams, formerly carrying on Jntsiness in Latrobe-street west, and who has fitted up large premises at 127 Russoll-strcot, consisting of a show-room, workshop, and .out-houses, for the manufacturo of colonial safes. At a trial at tho Geelong Agricultural "Show, in September, 18G7, tho superiority of the safes of Messrs. Dykes and Williams "io those of tho celobrated firm of Milner and Co., of the mother-country, was very incontcstably proved ; and the colonial safes .¡have now a reputation which is not likely -to bo interfered with by any importations. Mr. M'Carthy will employ machinery .for a largo portion of the work which was .formerly done by hand. He expects shortly io havo fourteen men at work, and four fur- naces in operation, when ho will bo ablo to -turn out a safe a day, Thero is a large de 311 and for the colonial safes, which can bo infido twenty per cent, choaper than tho Eng- lish article, and there is every probability of the commodious premises Mr. M'Carthy is fitting up becoming tho nucleus of a very taige and important colonial industry. Some work of a kindred character will bo turned cut from the manufactory, and it is in con- templation to fit up somo of the safes with an improved combination lock, which has been ?found still m'ore secure than tho popular ono of Chubb, A public trial of Mr. Rasche's direct-acting .Steam battery for quartz- crushing took place Dn the 8th ult., at the Railway Timber-yards, Tlinders- street. Owing to the small pressure roi the water supply, tho maximum number of strokes obtained from the stampeis was only eighty per minuto, but oven with this -amount of power the results were very satis- factory. Since the trial Mr. Rasche ha3 been commissioned to supply two engines. One .»f them will be sent to Sandhurst, and tho other to tho famous Thames district in New ?Zealand. The glass-works of the Messrs. Thomas, at Jtfortk Melbourne, aro now in full operation, and tho manufacture of the various articles ?which the firm are in a position to mako is feeing carried on with great energy. Since .-the death of Mr. Nixon, the original intro .ducer of this now industry into Victoria, the Messrs. Thomas have made an immense im- provement in the effectiveness and complete- ness of the apparatus, and have brought the ?establishment into thorough working order. A casual glance at the dingy wooden .erection where the work is cairied on would giyo a very inadequate idea of ?the amount of labour and capital sunk -i>y Messrs. Thomas in their undertaking. Q'hcy have had to contend with tho usual difficulties which beset pioneers of manu- factures in new countries. Thoy have had to -create a demand for their goods, discover the liest sources of supply of the raw material, -and have in many other ways been forced to .»dopt very inadequate means to the desired end. Even the crucibles which contain tho -molten glass in the furnace have to bo made liy their own hands, and clay suitable for lue purpose has to be imported from New- castle. At present there are employed on the works eight hands, excluding tho brothers TThomas, but when the necessary capital has liuen raised, a muoh.larger number will bo »engaged, and the operations of the firm will Jbe greatly expanded. The ohiof furnace ?where the melting process is effected, is able ?io reduce about twenty-five hundredweight of glass per week. On each side aro two smaller furnaces. The one on the left is ©ppioprioted to tho blowers, who, whilo ma iBipulatiiig the glass, require a certain degree of heat to be maintained. The furnace on .the right is used as an annealing kiln, where the deftly blown and cunningly shaped fruits of the workman's skill aro placed to .cool. It is also employed to bako the crucibles before they are thrust into the .fiercer heat of the central furnace. The .goods at present turned out by tho Messrs. "ÍThomas will sustain favourable comparison -with most of the imported articles of the ?finnie kind. They include fish globes, lamp -chimneys, basins, wine glasses, and other -articles of common use, besides show glasses, -druggists' bottles, and other articles requiring ?.taste and skill in their manufacture. The »demand for the various classes of goods wo 'have mentioned is very large, and the firm îiave îeceived several ordeis which, with their ..present limited means, they havo been unable Xo execute. Mr. Stanford, of Bourko-streot, has shown as a specimen of tho kerosene oil prepared by "the Western Kerosene Company, Hartley, 3s'ew South Wales, which has at length com 'pleted its machinery and commenced the work of distillation. The oil is of fine quality, -{and is said to bo superior in purity 'and general character to any which has beon re- ceived from Hartley before. In some spots the shale is found six feet thick, and it is calculated that each ton of the material gives -about 150 gallons of crudo oil. The company Jhas established very completo and extensive -works for distilling and refining the oil, tho whole of the plant having been prepared in -Englandfrom plans furnished by thecompany. SVhen in full working order, about twenty v*men will be employed at the distillery, the .¡manager and a number of assistants well -acquainted with tho details of tho work shaving been brought from England. It is reckoned that, if worked up to its full ¡power, the refinery plant would be adequate .torthc production of no less than 20,000 cal Ions of pure oil weekly. Although the mino -and works are situated in New South Wales, we understand that a large number of the -shares of tho company are held in Mel '?/¡bourne. Mt. Franklin, who arrived in this colony Olily-a 'few weeks ago from England, is in .Echuca fixing upon a sito and arranging his I>lans for the erection of a tannery and fell xnongering establishment upon a large scale. Me is as yet undecided as to whether ho will commence operations on the banks of the .Murray or Campaspe Rivers. Tho importance of securing apparatus as cneaily perfect as possible for sheep- washing .purposes has caused considerable attention .to bo devoted to the subject for somo time past, and last year a sheep-washing jet was ?patented by Messrs, Wright and Edwards, of little Bourke-street west, of which a large number of squatters availed themselves. Although this was a groat improvement on the old system, yet experience soon showed that there wero some defects in it which .-ought to bo remedied, and Messrs. Wright -and Edwards have made some altera- tions in the construction of the jet -which thoy havo patented. A machino, .with the latest improvements, has boon «constructed, and can now bo viewed in opera- tion at tho works of the firm. Tho principal faults in the jets mado last year wero diffi .culty of fixing, of being cleaned when fixed, the waste of water, the constant leakago from .the junction of the jet with the tank into .which tho water was forced, and the jots .'Lat ing been joined to tho tank by means of screws at either end. These required the constant attendance of two men in order .to regulate the supply of water. With the new apparatus the services of only .one man will bo required. In the tank into which the water is pumped aro placed two vertical pipes of wrought iron .about a quarter of an inch thick. Theso pipes aro -screwed into the jet piece, thus rendering leakage impossible. A conical plufj of irou, '-coated willi indiarubber, is placed in the top of each pipe, which is raised by a lover at the side, and which regulates the forco of the water. The sliding part of the jet has here- tofore buen regulated by small screws and ihand wheels, which wero found very trouble \- some, aud apt to get out of order. These have given place to two cast-iron balls united hy an iron rod, and capable of balancing the pressure and distributing the water moro equally. By means ot ' this invention the forco of the water'can bo diminished to a very thin stream, or bo increased at will to a prefasuio of twelve feet. The jets aro mado «ingle or double, the price of the former being -El», and the latter £U 10s. > PUBLIC COMPANIES. ~ THE POLYNESIA COMrANT. The Polynesia Company.-The first vessel \- of the Polynesia lineo! packets in connexion with thoPolynesia Company, lately established jn Melbourne and Fiji, is to sail in a few days. The ship, the Alfred, will take down to O valau a number of shareholders in the Polynesia Company, who purpose settling on the lands they have ocquired from tho company in Fiji. The first portion of the company's staff will bo sent down by this opportunity, and on their arrivai in tho islands will im- mediately proceed to the survey of the ter- ritory ceded to the company by King! Thakombau, with a view to put a portion of tho land under cultivation in coffee, cotton, ' and sugar, and to loy out the township of Suva, on tbo island of Viti Lovu, which it is proposed to establish* as the futuro commercial, capital of tho Fiji group of islands. As tho harbour of Suva lies almost in the direct circle-sailing track between Aus- tralia and California, there is a probability i that it will be selected as the midway port of call for any steamers that may take tho place ' of the late Panama company, or which moy bo laid on between these colonies and San Francisco, on the completion of the railway across the North American continent. In fact, Viti Levu will bo the same on the Cali- fornian and Australasian route, geographi- cally considered, as the island of Opara was on tho lato Panama company's line of sailing. Tho harbour of Suva was strongly recommended to the notice of the British Government some years ago, by Colonel Smythe, tho special commissioner sont out by the Foreign- office to report upon tho offer of sovereignty made by King Tha- kombau to Her Majesty. It may not be out of place toi cm ark that none but persons of some means, who intend to becomo planters, should think of settling in Fiji. White labour cannot compete with native labour. A WHALING COMPANY. A meeting of gentlemen interested in the formation of a local whaling company was held at Geelong on the 15th inst. There was a good attendance ; tho mayor occupied tho chair. Seven hundred shares wore taken up. A whaling ship, tho Japan, hasbeonfitted out in Melbourne, by Messrs. Osborne, Cushing, and Co., and will sail shortly on her first trip. At a time when so many small ventures aro being launched, an Antimony Export Com- pany, which has just been started, deserves some notice, its purpose being to procure and export antimony to the London market. Tho company has, by way of commencement, secured a very likely mine at Lower Coster- field, which was abandoned some years ago, when the price of labour was very high and crushing expensive. It is intended to begin work in a shaft already sunk to tho depth of seventy feet, _ the lode of tho antimony-ore being there eighteon inches to three feet and a half wide, and improving as the sinking progressed. The promoters of the company, however, have also promising samples from another quarter. VICTOMAN WOOLLEN C0MPANT. The sixth half-yearly meeting of the Gee- long Victorian Woollen and Cloth Company was held on the Uth ult., at tho town-hall, Geelong, whon a favourable report was brought up and adopted. It stated that 35,000 yards of tweed had been manufactured and sent to store in the half-year, while 7,000 yards re- mained at tho millmprocossof manufacture. The quantity of tweeds sold was 20,726 yards. The expenses of forming the company had amounted to £1,904, and the Government grant of £1,500 hod been appropriated to clearing thom off, the balance being charged to profit and loss. The paid-up capital amounted to £13,529. The attendance at tho meeting was very numerous. SOUTHERN INSURANCE COMPANY. The following is the report for presenta- tion to the ninth ordinary general meeting of shareholders, to bo held on Friday the 5th February : " In pursuanco of tim intimation convoyed tn tho fifth half-yearly report as to tho futuro method of keeping iho account«, your directors hare now to Bubmlt, in addition to tho ordinary half-yearly state- ment, Uio following return showing thö result of tho company's operations from its formation to the ond of 1800 : recehtb. Underwriting account.£00,033 13 5 Transfer fees . 173 0 11 Interest .15,490 8 7 Premium on shares .15,430 18 0 £127,728 0 11 Balance .£8,928 7 7 PAT1IBMS. Underwriting account.£113,333 8 0 Preliminary expenses. 938 13 10 Dlvldond. 4,530 0 0 Balanco. 8,920 7 7 £127,728 9 11 As anticipated, tho year 1800 has proved a most dis- astrous ono, and it is now apparent that tho precau- tion of withholding a dlvldond for that year was tally justified. Tho accounts presented for tho half-yoar ending 31st December last show, as compared with the previous return, a considerable falling off in the amount of premium received and a consequent diminution iii the balanco at credit of tho general account Tho falling off has occurred solely at tho London branch, whore tho underwriter lias restricted tho business, and so far as your directors aro onablod to judgo this policy will tond to tho interests of the company. The business of the head ofllco Is steadily Increasing. Tho premium received on issue of now Bliares has enabled your directors to add £5,000 to the reserve fund, which now stands at £40,000. The directors recommend payment of a dividend at tho rato of ten per cent, per annum. BALAhCE SHEET AT 31ST D&CEMDER.; MABIMT1E8. Subscribed capital ..£500,000 0 0 Loss uncalled . .. 400.000 0 0 -£100,000 0 0 Reserve fund .40,000 0 0 Bills paj able . 2,903 7 8 AmounW ov< ing by tho company .. 7,972 19 2 Unclaimed dividends. 200 9 0 Balanco at the credit of reronuo and expenditure account as above .. 50,703 12 3 £201,780 8 1 ASSEtS. Loans on morfgago .£81,548 0 5 Fixed deposits . 60,000 0 0 Cash in Bank of Australasia .. .. 11,453 19 2 Amounts duo to tbo company .. .. 9,959 l8 10 Branch and agency balances .. .. 23,119 19 4 Bills receivable. 14,790 2 7 Ofllco furnituro, i head ofllco and branches. 914 7 9 £201,780 8 1 Tho following is tho statement of accounts from 1st July to 31st Decembor : REVE.NUK. Balanco at 80th Juno, 1868 .. .. £63,003 9 11 Loss-Dividend for half-year ending 30th Juno, £4,025 ; amount carried to reserve fund, £5,(100. .. .. 0,625 0 0 i 53,438 9 11 Net premium, less re-insurances, re- turns, and branch and agency ex- penses . 62,510 0 0 Interest. 4,411 l8 5 Transfer fees . 00 0 5 Premium on 7,500 now shares .. .. 3,760 0 0 Total .£114,170 14 9 EXrEHDlTDRE. Marino losses, 1800 account .. .. 303 0 9 Do., 1807 account.. .. ,.. .. 17,971 9 4 Do., 1868 account. 42,145 13 1 Bud debts .. .. .. .. .. 9 10 0 OiBco furnituro, for depreciation .. 48 2 0 Expenses, hood ofllco-Salaries, £1,837 0s. Id. ; rent, £600 ; odvortlslng, £03 7s. 4d. : stationery and printing, £101 7b. Gd. ; sundries, £454 8s. 6d. 2,450 12 4 Directors and auditors'fees .. .. 478 14 0 Balanco . -. .. 60,703 12 3 Total .£114,170 14 9 TIIB LAND MORTGAGE BANK. ' The following is the ninth half-yearly re- port of the Land Mortgage Bank of Victoria, dated 20th January : " From the accompanying statement of accounts, made up to the Slst Decembor last, it will bo seen that tho business of the bank continues steadily to incroase. The amount at credit of profit and losa, inclusive of £1,070 Is. Cd. from last half-year, is £8,441 4s. ; and after paymont of intorest to depositors of £8,457 11s. 3d , and all expenses of management, thora remains a balance of £3,755 Ob. lid., out of which the directors recommond the usual dividend at the rate of ten per cent, por anmim, and that tho balanco of £1,765 0s. lid. bo carried forward to tho next account. Tho directors w> glad to bo able to report a steady advance in eery department Tho doposlts now amount to £115,083 Is. 7d. The loans on mortgage of freehold property, with Intorest duo, amount to £144,022 4s. Without referring to tho question of land mortgages by commercial banking companies, which at the present timo is engaging so much publio attention, the directors bog to draw the special notlco of the proprietors to tho articles of association, and tho act under which this bank Is Incorporated, by which it will bo seen that it was established for the avowed purpose of rocolvlng deposits for flxod periods, and of making advances on freehold pro- perty, and on no other kind of security. ThlB rulo has been strictly adhorod to, both as regards doposlt and share capital. The greatly oxtonded operations of the land laws, and tho rapid rato at which sottlo ment Is going on, make It orldont that within a limited period the greater port of tho best lands will become freehold ; this will noeossitalo tho introduc- tion of fixed capital at a moderate rato of in- terest In ordor to dovelopo tho groat natural resources of the colony. Tho directors consider tho present a favourable 'time for establishing an ofllco In London as originally intended, and provided for by tho articles of association, tho object boleg to obtain capital at a lower rato ol intorestand for longorporiods than it can bo got for hore, and gonorally to act as financial agents, so as to onablo landed proprietors, stoclowncrs, and othors, to obtain advances on tho most favourable terms. It lias been determined that the manager shall proceed by tho mall in March next, for tbo purpose of making the necessary arrange- ments. A special general mooting has boon called for the purpose of regulating the future lsauo of »hares; lea>o will also bo takon to opon a London rogistry. The present market price of shores is upwards of twenty per cent, premium, and tho buccobs which has hitherto attended tbo operations of the bank, Justifies tho ex- pectation that whon thoso operations aro extended, increased success will be tha result. The balanco sheet for tho half-year ending Slat Docembor Ia u follows : Dr. To subscribed capital.£200,000 0 0 To deposita und Interest .. .. 115,033 1 7 To dividends unclaimod .. .. 252 10 2 To balance-profit . 3,766 OH £319,090 12 8 Cr. By uncalled capital .. ..' ,.£100,000 0 0 By loans and Interost. 144,022 4 0 By preliminary oxponses , .. .. ' 074 7 0 By furn ¡turo, fittings, booka, ice. .. ,44110 8 By now premise!. '404 4 0 By cash at banker's and in office .. 13,46a 7 0 £319,000 12 8 The report has been adopted at the usual meeting of tho compamy. HIE NATIONAL BANK. A special meeting of the shareholders of tho National Bank was hold on the 14th ult. to authorise tho directors to take steps to procuro tho passage of an act through Parlia- ment to vary the charter of tho bank, so as to enable advances to bo mado on lands and other securities not at presont available. Mr. George Martin occupied tho chair. A resolu- tion moved by the chairman in favour of tho object of tho meeting was agreed to unani- mously without discussion, but after an ex- planation by Mr. Malleson, tho solicitor of the bank, of the legal aspoot of the case. A similar meeting of the proprietary of the Bank of Victoria arrived at a like result, The Bank of New South Wales, Victorian branch, has also joined in tho same move- ment. TUE COJIMEBCIAL BANK. The following is the fourth half-yearly ro* poit of tho Commercial Bank of Australia by the directors, to bo presented to tho meeting of shareholders on 5th February next. It deals with the half-year ending on the 31sfc Decembor lost : " Tho directors havo to report that during the past half year important progress has been mado, tho whole of the 18,000 shares alluded to in last report having been taken up at a premium, thus raising tho paid-up capital to £200,000, and tho subaoribod capital to £400,000. At the same timo tho businoss bau increased steadily both at head-office and I branches ; and thero has apparently boon a growing feeling In favour of the bank. In tho coureo ot tho half-year branches havo beon opened at Spring Crook and Carlton, both ol -which are at prosont very pro- mising. It is also contemplated, on an oarly day, to opon a branch at Ballarat, where good prospects aro held out. It is worthy oí noto that tho amount re- quired to cover dividend on tho incroased capital is necessarily double that of last hall-year, whilst It will bo Been by the accompanying account that con- siderable provision has been mado for bad and doubt- ful debts, reduction of preliminary oxponses, furni- ture and stationery, still leaving £4,000 to bo carrlod forward. Owing to the influx oí money without im- mediate and safo investments, a largo surplus ro uialncd unemployed for a portion ol tho half-year, thereby diminishing the profits to somo extent ; but ' on the wholo tho directors conaldor that thero is j good reason to bo satisfied with tho result as It stands. Two of tho directors, \\\z., Mr. Lcsllo Jamos Sherrard and Mr. Thomas M'Combio, retire, as pro- vided for by tho articles ol association. Tho former gentleman has Intimated his Intention of offering hlinsolf for ro election. Messrs. Androw Lyell and William Honry Trickett retire from tho auditorshl.i, and It will bo necessary to elect two now auditors in their Btcad." The balance shce( for the half-year is as undor : Sr. Liabilities. To capital paid up .£200,000 0 0 To notes in circulation.62,302 0 0 To bills in circulation. 303 4 4 To balances duo to ether banks .. 4,060 10 4 To deposits .437,484 10 1 To profit and loss.14,659 1 1 £709,785 5 10 Cr. Assets. By coin and bullion on hand .. ..£170,126 6 4 By balances due from other banks .. 11,023 4 0 By notes of other banks.. .. .. 1,936 16 4 By bills receivable and other advances 495,204 17 9 By bank promises, freehold and leaso nold . 7,021 19 0 By bank furnituro and fittings .. 4,619 0 4 By stationery . 3,757 2 7 By preliminary oxponses .. .. 7,095 19 6 £709,786 6 10 Dr. PnOHT AND LOSS ACCOUNT. To salaries paid at head offico and branches. £4,978 14 2 To rent and other charges .. .. 2,031 16 11 To intorest and exchange paid and accrued. 11,860 17 8 To balance. 14,659 1 1 £33,439 8 10 Cr. By balanco from last half-year.. .. £3,118 18 6 By intorest, oxthauge and promlutns on shares received.30,320 10 4 £33.439 8 10 Proposed to bo appropriated as follows : Dr. To amount to co>or bad and doubtful I debts . £2,428 1110 To roductlon of preliminary oxponsos, 10 per cent. 700 0 0 To reduction of furniture and fittings' I account IO por cont..' 400 0 0 To reduction ot stationery 25 per I cent. . 939 0 0, To dividend at C per cent, per annum 6,000 0 0. To reserve fund. 4,000 0 O' To balance. 31 9 3 £14,659 1 1, Cr. By balance.£14,659 1 1 NATIONAL INSUBANOE COMPANY. I Tho following report will bo read at thoi second ordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the National Insurance Com-i pany, to bo held on the 5th February : "Tho directors havo much pleasure in layine boforo, tho shareholders the accompanying financial Btato mont. Taking every circumstance Into account, thoy question whether any lnsurancoeffico was ovor Btartodi In thoso colonies which could show such a good rosult for the first six months' operations. Tho preliminary! ixpcnses have boon heavier than was anticipated, but j this was unavoidable where there waa not only a head ofllco in Molbourno to establish, but also a| branch ofllco in Ballarat, and whoro it was necessary, to pay brokers' commission on by far tho greater numbor of tbo shares issued. It must also bo stated that the oxponsos ' incurred by tho1 Ballarat Fire Insurance Company, provlous to its amalgamation with tho National, aro all included inj tho present account. Tho company has now agents¡ all over the colony, and to their oxortions, togcthor, with thoso of your Ballarat board, and ot the agent with local board in Geelong, much ot your success must bo attributed. By tho successful establishment1 of this office, tho public at largo havo been very con- siderable gaineiB, for premiums aro now icduced toi what thoy wero immediately provlous to tho combi- nation, a circunutanco which has no doubt materially contributed to the amount of support that tho com- pany has obtained. At this early stage tho directors consldor it inexpedient to propose a dividend, and think it hotter to carry tho wholo surplus forward to tho next lialf-yoar's accounts. Tho accompanying financial statement docs not in cludo any amount for tho fees of tho directors aud Ballarat dlrootors, but they have now hold ofllco slnco July last, and it will bo for tho presont moot-' ing to fix thoir remuneration for tho past, and also to say what it is to bo for the future, By the 78rd clauso of j our articles ol association all your dlroc-l tors, as also all tho Ballarat directors, must now retire from ofllcc. Tho gentlemen forming your board hero- viz., Messrs. G. Bolfo, Bon., W. W. Coucho, Thomas Moubray, David Masterton, J. L i M'Clure, K. Twontyman, and H. P. Palmor (tho last nuuicd director was dulv elected by tho board to fill1 tho placo of Mr. It. T. Watson, who has loft tho colony) ; and alBO tho following gonllomon forming, tho local board in Ballarat, Messrs. Chalmers, Olegg,' Lister, Smith, and Stewart-havo all signified thoir' intention of coming forward as candidates on this occasion, and aro all eligible for re-election. You will requite also to appoint two auditors. Tho gen- tlemen now acting, Messrs. A. Lyoll and W. II., luckctt, aro eligible forro election. Bal Ah cb Sheet, Dec. 31. i ! LUllIIilTES. i Subscribed capital.£250,000 0 0 Sundry amounts duo by company .. 154 7 10 Profit aud loss-Balanco.6,417 16 0, £255,572 S 10 ASSETS. I I Uncalled capital.£233,750 0 0 Investments Loans on mortgaeo. 4,700 0 0 Flxod deposits, Molbourno .. .. 9,000 0 0 Fixed deposits, Ballarat .. .. 8,770 O 0 Interest accruod. 291 9 0 Agoncy balances. 076 16 9 Cash in bank and on hand . 304 (IO 9 Preliminary expenses (balanco thereof) 2,283 17 0 Fumituro, brigade plant, ¿se. .. .. 795 9 10 £255,572 8 10 mOMT AND LOSS ACCOUNT. ' Dr. ' To premiums for rc-insurances, tee. .. £133 3-11 To expenses of management, including I «alarles, printing, advertising, 4o. .. 2,219 16 8 To commission on premiums to agent) and brokers . 993 14 1 To losses by Uro. 1,239 0 5 To preliminary expenses, amount written off . 253 15 0 To furniture account, do. 88 7 9 To balance, profits this half-year .. 6,417 10 0 £10,345 12 10 Cr. I By premiums .£10,003 6 0 By interest... . 820 10 10 By scrip fees . 16 17 0 ' £10,815 12 10 THE BANKS. ' The following general abstract, showing the average amount of tho liabilities and assets of tho soveral banks named, taken from the weekly statements during tho rmortcr from 1st October, 1808, to 31st De comber, 1868, havo appeared in the Govern- ment Gazette :- > l Bank of Victoria_Liabilities-Kotos in circulation, not bearing interest, £280,523; bills, In circulation, . ' .'-??;, £11,779 6s. 8d. ;|bal»nc03 due to not bearing Interest, other banks, £60,17013s. 4d. ; deposits, not bearinir 'i.'îif81' £738,780 17s. 3d. ; deposits, bearing intorost £1,206,010.168. 7d. Total amount of liabilities £2,377,279 12s. lOd. Assets-Coined gold and sllvor and other coinod motols, £308,910 7s. lOd. ; gold and ailvor in bullion or bars, £123,149 0s. 7d. . landed proporty,£130,970 19s. Od.; notes and bills of othor banks, £24,874 4s. ; balances duo from othor banks, £198,680178. 2d, ; amount of all debt« duo to tho bank, Including notes, bills of exchange, and all Btock and funded debts of ovory doaoriptiou, except, lng notes, bills, and balances duo to tho said bank from othor banks, £2,249,068 17s. lOd. Total amount of assets, £8,036,100 6s. lid. Tho roturn also Includoa tho foUowiDg:-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at Iho closo of the quarter ondlng 30th Soptombor., 1868, £500,000; rato of tho last dividend declared to tho shareholders, 10 per cont. ; amount of tho last dividend declared, £25,000 ; amount of tho reserved profits at tho timo of doclaring such dividend. £125,000. National Bank of Australasia_Liabilities-Note« in circulation, not bearing interest, £125,212 3s. lOd. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £2,099 4s. 2d. ; balances duo to othor banks, £0,682 12s. 8d. ; doposlts, not bearing interest, £301,378 12s. 10d.: deposita, bearing Interest, £502,383 4s. 7d. Total amount of liabllltlos, £1,030,065 18s. Id. Assets Coined gold and ailvor and other coinod metals £243,888 8a. lOd. ; gold and sllvor in bullion of ham, £24,473 10s. 2d.; landed proporty, £52,423 »? ' miea ancl Dlllfl ol ollll!r banks, £20,033 0s. Cd. ; balances duo from othor banks, £28,831 7s. Od. ; amount of ali debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of oxohango, and all stock and fuiidod debts of evory description, oxcoptlng notos, billa, and balances duo lo tho said bank from othor bulks £1,166,071 8s. Od. Total amount of assets, £1,531,3,51) 11b. 3d. Tho roturn also includes tho following: Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho close of tho quarter ondlng 31st December, 1868, £033,124; rate of the last dlvldond declarod to tho sharoholdors, 10 per cent, and 2J per cent, bonus ; amount of tho lost dividend declared, £33,760; amount of tho ro sorved profits at tho timo of declaring suoh dlvldond, £155,000. Tho OriontalBank Corporation.-LinbiHtlos-Notes In circulation, not bearing interest, £0 4,105 Is Od. ; bills In circulation, not bearing interest, £17,204 10s Id. ; balances duo to other banks, £18,020 13s. 8d. ; deposita, not bearing interest, £144,078 6a. lid. . de- posits, bearing Interest, £336,502 12a. Total amount of liabilities, £626,100 0s. 2d. Aaaota-Coined gold and silver and othor coined motáis, £120,018 is. 8d. ; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £00,079 4s. 8d. ; landed proporty, £40,000 ' notes and bills of other banks, £6,629 Os. 2d. ; balances duo from othor banka, £12,617 10s. Od. ; amount ol all dotits duo to tho bank, including notos, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of oiory description, excepting notes, billa, and balances duo to the said bank from othor banka, £071 544 11s 7d. Total amount of assets, £923,018 Us. 2d. Tho return also includes the following:-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at the close of tlio quarter end- ing 31st December, 1808, £1,600,000 ; rate of tho last dividend declared to tho shareholders, 12 por cent ; amount of tho last dividod doclarod, £90,000 ; amount of tho rcsorvod prouts at tho tuno of declar- ing such dividend, £444,000. Tho Victorian Branch of tho Bank of New South Wales.-Liabilities-Netos in circulation, not boarluir interest, £146,31113s. Id. ; billa in circulation, not bearing interest, £300 8s. 2d. ; bolaucos duo to othor banks, £9,500 5s. Od.; deposita, not bearing In tercst, £609,303 15s. 3d. ; dopoBlta, boarini? in- terest, £837,238 2s. 4d. Total amount of liabilities £1,502,886 4s. 4d. Assets-Coined gold and silver and othor coined metals, £204,415 Is. 7d. : gold and silver in bullion or bars, £03,771 Ss. id ; landed proporty, £40,042 Is. 5d. ; notes and bills of other banks, £17,307 11s. ; balances duo from other bonks, £20,687 2a. 9d. ; amount of oil dobts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of oxcliaugo, and all stock and funded dobts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to the sala bank from othor bankB, £1,554,110 15s. 3d. Total amount of assets. £1,900,32616a. Id. Tho roturn also includes tho following:-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho close of tho quarter ending 31st Deconibor 1868, £1,000,000; rato of tlio lost dlvldond declared to the shareholders, 15 por cent, per annum; amount of the last dividend declared, £76,000; amount of tho reserved profits at the time of declarlngauch dividend £333,333 Os. 8 Tile Commercial Bank of Australia (Limited). Liabilities-Notes in circulation, not bearinir intorost. £46,330 3s. Id.; bills in circulation, not bearing Interest, £532 16s. ; balances duo to othor banka, £0,400 Is. ; deposits, not bearing Interest, £144 l61 6s. 6d. ; doposlts, bearing inlorcbt, £264,463 11b. Id. Total amount of liabilities, £103,03016s. 7d. Assets Coined gold and silver, and other coinod motáis, £162,618 8s. 3d. ; gold und silvor in bullion or bara, £20,933 3s. lid. ; landed proporty, £2,000 ; notos and bills of othor banks, £8,281 18s. lOd. ; balaneoa duo from other banks, £0,801 8a. 7d. ; amount of all dobts duo to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded dobts of ovory description, excepting notes, bills, and balancea duo to tho said bank from other banks, £423,180 la. Total amount of assets, £010,105 0s. 7d. Amount of the capltil stock paid up at the closo of tho quartor ondlng 31st December, 1808, £200,000 ; rato ot tho last dlvldond declared to tho shareholders, 0 por cent, por annum ; amount of the last dividend declarod, £3,279 18a. ; amount of the reserved profits at tho time of declaring: such dividend, £3,11818s. Cd. The London Cbartored Bank of Australia_Liabi- lities-Holes in circulation, not bearing intorest. £143,708 16a. lid.; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £2,327 16a. ; balances duo to othor banka, £2014s. lOd. ; deposits, not bearing Intorest, £233,780 10s. 3d. j deposita, boariug interest, £602,178 16s. 4d. lotal amount of llaollities, £887,031 10s. 4d. Assots -Coined gold and sllvor, and other coined metals, £222,033 4s. 9d. ; gold and silvor lu bullion or bars, £42,227 lös. td. ; landed property, £84,202 lu. 7d. ; notes and bills of other banks, ¿0,024 17s. 4d ; balances duo from othor bai.ka, £4,765 3s. Id. ; amount of nil dobtB rino to Uir banli, inuludinir notes, bills of exchange, anu all stock and funded debts of ovory description, excepting notes, bills, uud balaucos duo to the said band from othor banks, £1,351,480 8s. Od. Total amount of assets, £l,î 14,2¿3 Ils. 8d. 'Iho return alao includes tho following ¡-Amount of capital stock paid up at the closo of tho quartor ending 31st December, 1808, £1,000,000; rato of the last dividend declared io the shareholders, 8 per cent per annum ; amount of the last dividend declared £40,000; amount of tho reserved proQta at tho timó of declaring such dividend, £101,885 8s. Od. Tho Union Bank of Australia.-Liabllltlos-Notos in circulation, not bearing iutorost, £108,747 Ile. 7d.; bills in circulation, not bearing intoroat, £45,984 18a.; deposits, not bearing interoat, £159,400 0a. Od. ; do pOBlt8, bearing lutcrest, £900.022 19s. lOd. Total amount of liablitks, £1,621,824 18s. lid. Assots Coined gold and silver, and other coined metala, £206,334 6s. 3d. ; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £60,509 13s. 6d. ; landed property, £52,500 ; notoa and bills of other banks, £9,U(3312a. Od ; amount of all dobts duo to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded dobts of evory de- scription, excoptiug notes, bills, and balances duo to the said bank from other banks, £1,085,852 Os. Total amount of assots, £2,110,150 18a. 5d. The roturn alan includes tho following :-Amount of tho capital Btock paid up at the closo ol the quarter ending 31st Decem- ber, 1808, £1,250,000 ; rato of tho lost dlvldond declarod to the shareholders, 15por cent per annum; amount of tho lost dividend declarod, £93,760 ; amount of the reserved profit« at tho time of declaring such divi- dend,'£497,88310a. Od. Tho Colonial Bank of Australasia:-Liabilities Notes in circulation, not bearing Intorest, £92,5S012a. 8d. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £1,500 19s. Od. ; balances due to other banks, £3,020 13s. ; do- poslts, not bearinglutorcat, £335,786 3a 3d. ; deposita, bearing interest, £511,463 5s. lid. Total amount of Habilites, £948,020 13s. lid. Assotn-Colned gold and silver,, and other coined metals, £205,517 7a. 3d.; gold andsihor in bullion or bars, £19,735 12a. ¡Od. ; landed proporty, £52,004 la, 7d. ; notos and bills of other banks, £10,539 3s. 2d. ; balances due from other banks, £74,859 8s. 7d. ; amount of all dobts due to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange and all stock and funded dobts of ovory description, excepting notes, billa, and balances duo to tho Bald bank from other banks, £1,090,285 10s. 8d. Total amount of assets, £1,448,541 10a. Id. Tho roturn alao includes tho following :-Amount of the capital stock poid up at tho closo of the quarter ending 31st December, 1808, £437,600 ; rato of tho last dividend declared to the shareholders, 8 per cent, nor annum ; amount of tho last dividend, declared, £17,500 ; amount of tho resorved profits at tho tinao of declar- ing Buch dividend, £17,600. STOCKS IN BOND. The following wore tho stocks in bond at Melbourne on January 23, 1SG9 ¡-Brandy, 0,482 hhds., 41,861 cases : rum, 913* hhds., 131 cases ; geneva, lui hhds., 83,227 cuses red, 4,420 do. green ; whiskey, 742 hhds., 3,818 cases ; gui (sweetened), l8 hhds., 0,412 cases ; coidials, C7ö coses : spirits of wiiie, Ile hhds. ; other spirits, lo hhds., 5,869 coses ; wine, 0,0881 hhds., 10,639 cases; beer, 2,393 hhds., 18,247, cases and casks ; tobacco (manufactured), 1,356 half-tierces, 1,111 quarter-tierces, 12,203 three- quarter boxes and boxes, 8,400 cases ; , do. (unmanufactured), 30G hhds. and casks, 2G1 cases, 2,100 bales ; cigars, 439J cases ; candles, 719 chests, 20,3)0 boxes ; kerosene, 123,484 cases ; Hour, 20G bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 1G3 cases ; tea, 28,011 chests, 60,620 half-chests, 47,387 boxes ; coffee, 5,403 bags, 41 tierces, 99 casks, 299 barrels ; chicory, 334 cases ; sugar- Mauri- tius, 20,280 bags ; Manilla, 9,G81bags; Java, 13,412 bogs ; other, 594 tons, 35 cases and casks ; opium (prepared), 42 packages ; oats. 25,226 bags ; hops, 680 pockets ; rico, 170,001 bags, 50 barrels ; salt, 9,000 bags ; vinegar, 240 cases, 348 casks. impohts and ExroBTs. Tho following table gives tho imports and exports since tho beginning of the year, as compared with tho corresponding period of 1808 :- . Week ondlng Imports. 1808. 1809. Exports, Jan. 2.. Jan. 9.. Jan. 10.. Jan. 23.. £ ' 212,880 230,620 248,106 242,061 208.228 853,056 340.001 410.703 £ 183,677 414,009 403,569 218,774 207,700 000,266 247,186 413,410 934,487 1,318,716 1,804,020 1,468.658 During tho first period the account stood thus : Imports .£934,407 Exports .J 1,394,020 Balance of export' orer imports £370,462 During the second period :- i i , , Imports .' .. £1,318,715 , Exporta :.( .. 1,408,653 " Balanco of export» ovoHmporU' £140,043 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tho Argus Ofllco, Saturday Eronlng. ' Though tho month opened out with littlo promlso of business in tho Import market, and continued with- out animation for tho greater part, yot towards tho closo moro activity was ovincod, and on the wholo very littlo dissatisfaction has beon expressod in businoss circles regarding tho amount of trade dono. In bulk ales the attention of luiportors has boon devotod to clearing up for tho new season just commencing. lu Dundee goods w o noto considerable depression. Can- dles have not boon largely dealt In. Cements are somewhat slow. Wo noto au tmproYomont inplastor. In cuoinicalB, sulphur has advauced.l while opium baa declined. Cólico is oxtremely quiet; the salo ol ths Quoon of tho Seas' shlpuuont is tlio only ono reported. Confectionery, cordage, fish, fruits, blasting powder, hops, malt, oils, quicksilver, and salt, have mut with comparatively littlo attention. Breadatuffs havo boou steady and without any fluctuation, Feodlng grains, on tho other baud, have beouiu very brisk doruand. Oilmen's Btorcs havo boon movod eli Irooly. Provi- sions havo boen moro noticed. Sugars i ave boon largely dealt in. Teas have not boon In so much ro quest. Tobaccocs have been Bomo« hat dull. Alargo business has been done in titnbor. Wiuos, bath colonial and Imported, havo mot with somo Inquiry, »hilo in Bpirits wo noto movement in caso brandy, caso geneva, and rum. Ale and Stout.-In this market everything' portend* tbo close of tho old season and tho coinmenconiont ol a now ; and really the very .unprofitable nature of that now ending has, owing to tho lncroaso of colonial breweries, tho extent of thoir operations, aud tho difficulty of computing against tho very lew rates at w Inch colonial bulk alo eau bo supplied, must bo suth as to make it a problom wbother further shipments will over again bo continued,.ou ovonnearly tho modi- fied scale thoy havo hltborto. For months past tbo list of exports from homo havo not shown any ship- ments beyond a low vory insignificant parcols, and yet the season mustliavo proved a disastrous ono to all except ono, or at tho.outaldc, two brands, which in the commencement found favour with tho trado, anil maintaiucd their position till now. Joule's has for many mouths commanded £7 2s. Oil, (or largo, and up to £7 lOs., and wo understand that all supplies will bo cleared off at those figures. Marrlan'a hal hoon dis- posed ot at £7, but lor somo timo past no sales have been reported; about a hundred hhds. remain on hand to bo cleared off. For Allsopp's, a higher liguro than could.bo obtained, except for small lots-£710a. has been required, and vory considerable dilHculty has been met with in making salos. The Carllalo Campany's alo has stood at £0 10s., but no trans- actions oi/cr trado requirements have como under our iiotico. lheHippolita,ji*atarrlvod,brmgstheuratsliIu. ment of the sen biew of this huortuhand, the quality is said to bo superior. An oxtonsivo clearing-out sale of Base's was hold ImmoUiatoly altor tho doparturo ol the last mail, when closo on 800 hhds, wore quitted at úricos ranging from £2 15s. to £4 in bond. Thoro has been a fair demand for bulk stout ; tho market, how- ever, is quite bare of stock. Only ono slupmout of Whitbread's has como to hand, torn hieb, £U15s. has been obtained. The consumption of imported stout at most is very trifling ; but unless supplies como forward to mcot that, it will be touud that Im- ported stout can bo dono without altogotlior, Bottled ales havo not beou characterised by much activity. The quantities disposed of from time to timo havo only been taken up tor trado purposoa ; líricos show littlo variation. Tennant'« has ruled \ cry steady at 10a, Blood's has also beon maintained at Os. (id. Allsopp's, Friend's bottling, has boen quitted at Os. Od. Arroll's, accordiug to quantity, has lound buyers at Us. to Os. Sd. Jotfroy's 1ms boon lu fair request, and sbipmonts as the} havo como forward havo met with a ready salo at D" to Da. 3d. For iluir's wo quote 8a. Od. to 9s., and Altken's is quitted al bs. Gd. to 8s. Od. For Saucol 8s. Od. has boen accepted. Bottled stouts havo mot with a steady, though moderato, inquiry. Henry White and Oo.'s has realised from Va. ltd. to 10s. Burko'a is disposed of at 8i. Od., and sales ol Kdtnond'a pig brand havo been made ut 0s. Od. Sales of Blood's throughout tho mouth havo beon vory considerable Maehon's lu plain bottles bus realised 0s. (Id., aud in champaguo bottles has been placed at 0s. Od, Mackie and Glad- stone's has been quoted at 0s. Dunphy's has ruled at 8s. Ud. to Os. Borthwick's baa tuon quittod In quantity at 8s. 3d. ; for small lots 8s. 4Jd aud 8s. Od. is wuuttd. For Bjuss'4'83. Od. is asked ; there is, how- ever, littlo business doing. Bagging.-About the Ueparturo of last mail tho ox citenieut in cornwicks was beginning to subeido ; but though symptoms of weakness weio evinced, holdora in oery instance refused to admit evou tbo pro- bability of a decline. A fow small lots woro quitted at 15s. od. for trade purposes iu the first « ouk ol trio month, but iu the subsequent intervening period a complote chungo came oVor the aspect of tho market, owing, in the first placo, to a forced sale of niuoty bales, offered on the lath, at whatever thoy would bring, and tor which 13s. Ud. was accoptod-a declino of at loast 2a. un tho lates at which small lots wore being quittod; sales .privatoly «oro also effected at a similar rato; und, iu the second place, to a mistake in the tologram, which reported that the Eughsh shipuiouts advised by the mail for tho month of No vom tier amounted to ¿16,000, and for a time, though the correctness of the leport was doubted, consiaorablo depression pre Milled, buta favourable reaction sot in on its belüg ubccilalncd that tho roal quantity did "" t oxceoü £1,081. Confidence, which was much shaken, was once moro imparted to holders, who quota a much higher figuro tiian would havo boen accopted when first the news was made public, and a Uno of sixty bales «as quitted at closo on lis. It is, however, feared the market will not again seo the higher rates quoted last month. From Calcutta, also, moro lavourablc advices aio to hand. The rumour circulated PM ious to tho mall's arrival, that a thousand balos of tornsacks w oro coming by the Portlaw, has not provod coirect, our infoiuiatioii being to the effect that not a singlo bale of corusacks is on board of that vessol. Gunnies aro not so firm, the shipments advised being iii sufficient extent to create duluoss in tho markot. 'lhere ib little stock on hand. Wo quote from 0s. Od. Parcols to arrive liuvn boon sold at lesa money. Wool pucks aro quite ncglcctod ; values are nominal at 3s. Od. Boots and Shoes.-A good deal of depression has prevailed. Conslilorublo parcols havo found their way into tho hands of tho trade through the auction man, and iu the lato sales improved rates havo ovon beou obtained. Bomo 005 trunks «oro ulsiiosea of at various auctions, and at tho salo tills wiek of some 155 packages, tbo following prices woro paid: Men's wellingtons brought 8s. Od. to 11s. Co.; do. half do., 12a. to 13s. ; do. 11S. boots, 10s. to 12s. ; do. bluchers, 4s. 6d. to 5s. lOd. ; do, UxforU shoes, Os. 3d. ; women's kid, E.S., U.U., 5a. Od. to Os. Ud. ; do do Sp. Ü., 4a. Od. to Os. OU. ; do. cashmere* H.H., 3s. Sd. to 5s. Od. ; do. do., S.U., Sa. 5d. to 4s. Od. ; do. lasting, 7s. Od. to 8a. ud. ; do. cordovans, 5s. 3d, to 5s. Od. ; do. roan slippors, 2a, Od. ; maid's kid, half, 6s. to 6s. Oil. ; do. cashmore, ila. Ud. to 4s. lid, ; youths' wellingtons, 10s. Od. to 11s. 3d. ; child's, 0-0 aud 10-13, kid, E.S., 3s. Od. to Us. ; Infants' bals.', Is. 3d. to 3s. Id. Candles.'-'lhere has been less doing in this mar- ket than fiom tho touoi of last month's report might have been supposed. Towards tho closo of tho first neck of the month a demand sprung up, which car lied off some 4,000 boxes of various brands at 12d. te 12Jd., und a larger trado might havo been dono, but tho buy ors coulu not got over tbo fact that the Nova Company had not till thou mado any alteration in thoir prii.es. However, It was anuouueed on tho 0th that Hie prlca of this brand, was misod la laid., and au improved fooling prevailed in consequence. At auo tion, ou Tuesday tho 6th, full-woighl candios brought 11 ju. net cash. On tho following Tuesday, about 1,600 boxes wero quittod by auction, and for slightly damaged lljd. was realised. 1,000 hoxos, various brands, were also disposed of privately on tho Banio day at from l2d. to 121d. Brandon's were sold at Hid. in bond,' and 12jd. duty paid. On the lUth, a line of 3,000 boxes changed bands, on private terms. Under the hammer about 1,700 boxos wero quittod on llio 10th, at prices ranging from lid. to lljd. for slightly damaged; a parcel of 1,000 boxos De Itoubaix's woro purchased, to arrive, on toruia withheld; and subsequeutly, somo 1,000 boxes «ero quittod at 12Jd. lor Brandon's, and 12d. for outside brands. Somo confusion nooma to have existed in rcgaid to tlio Bhipmonts advisod by this mail. Tho telegram mentioned 187 tons ; but of this suvoiity-flvo tons by tho Tkoopliano-which appeared in last mouth's supplomout, and aro, conse- quently, included in the November shlpmouts-^-ought io have beeu cutirtd ia thoso of the mouth provious. 'throughout tlio present v»ook tho markot lias boon quiet, and slight!) easier. Brandon's aro offering at Ud , and secondary brands eau bo bought at HJd ; lor tho Is ova Company's wo quoto 12Jd. Cornent.-Nothing ol a special charactor has trans piud in regard to Portland cement ; shipments as thoy have como forwardhavebeeu takenup at lOs.Od. to 17s. in quantity ; tho trado quotation has ruled steady at 17s. Od. to 18a. aud 18a. Od. Plaster seems to have seen its lowest ; Bemal shipments of red beach (Amo< riean) woro cleared oil at 12s., and close up to that liguro. For tho small parcel sold ox Hazard, 13s. 3d. wasiealised, thus showing a slight Improvement. Chemicals -'Ibero has boen a fair businoss doing at, lu many instances, improved figures. Considerable parcels of soda crystal« have boon quitted at tho ratos ? tiling for the greater part of the month, £8 to £8 6s, bUieks, however, are still heavy, and thero appears te bo little sign of an improvement. Carbonato of soda has been quittod al £17 to £18, but tho domaud ha! not been large. Caustic soda has beon diBposod of al £18 for sixty por cent., and ono Hue of seventy per cent, realised £20 6s. Flowers Of sulphur have advanced te £24-a liguro now loadily obtained. Tartarlc ocli brings Is. 7d. to Is. Od.; aud for cream of tartar Is. t< Is. 2d. is required ; but thero is littlo huBluoss to ro port in those articles. Values of preserved .opium di not Improve ; we quota 24s. Od. Chicory.-Wo noto a steady hut very qulot markot Shipments are moderato, and the domaud being oqua to Uio supply, values aro maintained ut ¡lid. to 3¿d. in bond, lor best brands. Coffee is without animation; business has beoi mostly limited to supplying trado wants. For looa purposes the domacd has beon light, and inquirios fo: export havo been equally trilling. Tlio only featun to notice is tho arrival of a small Bhlprnont per Queel of tho boas-600 bags, and eight barrels, and sixty ono casks-and tho subsequont salo ot tho same al i somowhat low figuro. The Eliza Corry brought 1,671 bags Java, the damagod portion of willoh was qulttoi HUB week, 'lho shlpmout of Java by tbo Alfred wai attempted to bo sold by auction, but tbo attempt du not succeed. From Colombo to «Mi JJeoember wi learu that thoro wore throo vessels loading lor Mel bouruo-tlio David and Jesslo, tho Caroline, and otan ley. .Plantation was dull, aud quoted at 10s. Od. ti Iii. Od. per bushel. Native, picked aud dried, rule« at 80s. per owU In our own market tlio trade cou tluue to realise for boat plantation Old. to OJd. Javi Is \aluod at 7Jd. to 7{d., and native brings Od. t bed ' Coufcclionory.-A very steady Inquiry has boo: maintained for Mellor'« assortod confections, and, t arrho and on the spot, sales havo beon reported a 03d to lOd. Wotliorspoon's have boen disposed of a 0)d! There is very little general domand for till latter brand. Jujubes are quittod at la. 3d. Assorte caudled ptcl is saleable at iijd., though the demau Is unimportant IP . ' , ',, , . I . , , Cordage-A vory good and satisfactory trado I reported by the local manufacturers to bo doing, an assortments of one to four aud a hall inch sizes h»v Ittct with ready sale at £00 ; hall to throe-quart« Inch cordage has also been readily sold at 8d. per It In imported rope thore lias boon nothing whatevt doing. < Common tarred Europa rope Is nomluall quoted at £15.' Bull ropo is valued al £60. Sua-nhi twines have beon quitted at 13d. to 18Jd. Shop twlc bau realised 1b. 2d. . i, Fish.-A fair amount of business has boon trnn acted ut the advanced rates established last montl Ling ot Ano quality lias boen placed »t (k1. ; damag* * ' )br, ,- I ' 'j a- ., iC has been quitted at 4Jd." to 6d. 8aIos of half-barrels whlto herrings have been reported at 27«. 6dj ; Arkins, . have boon quitted of late as high as 12s. to 12s. Sd. ; ; lib. salmon bos been sold at 14s, 6d. to 15s. for Cali- fornian, and 15s. to 16s. 3d. for Scotch; halvos sar- dines have boon disposed of at prices ranging from 8s. Ijd, to 8s. 4Jd., quarters havo realised 5s. i mackerel has been disposed of at 6i. Od ; for rod horrings. In tins, values rango from 20s. to 23s. ; lib, lobsters bring Os, 9d. to 7s., and lib. oysters aro got lid of at 10s. Fruits -There has been little inquiry- Currants of late havo been moro wanted ; sales have boen mado at 3Jd. to 4d. Balalns move oil very alowly. Capo aro Bteady at 4Jd. Elomcs aro firm at Id. to 4Jd. Valen- cias aro valued at 4}d. Sultanas aro little noticod ; prices, according to quality, rango from 4d. to 6}d. Figs aro very slow of salo at Od. to OJd. Dried apples aro neglected. Wo quote 6Jd. m " Flour and Grain.-Tho market for brcadstutfa has presented no now feature of Interest throughout tho month. Business has for tho most part bcon restricted to purchases for tho supply of trado wants,'and auy transactions bojond have gone through tho auction mart. Supplies of both wheat and Hour havo como forward very sparingly, os tho farinera havo boon too busy with their harvesting operations. It is found quite impossible, as yet, to give a rcllablo estimate of the yield. Flour has ruled at £1117s. öd. to £12 for largo parcels, and at £12 to £12 10s. for bakors' parcels. Adelaide brands havo realised £12 in bond. Tho few lota of now whoat which havo como to hand lia\ c realised from 5s 2d. to 5s. Od. As tho season advances, aud now wheat is moro plontlful, prices will declino, moro especially as in South Australia tho valuo of wheat has not oxecedod 4s. to 4s. Id. forBomo time past. Late English advices havo not proved favourable to shlppors, and tho lowor limita to hand' from London havo, moreover, completely unsottlod tho market. By telegram, wo aro advised of tho lar rival, on tho 27th ult., at Sydnoy of tho Ponang, from California, with 700 tons breadstuff*. Tho doniand for feeding grain has rovlvcd again, and aconBidorablo amount of business was transacted in oats in tho earlier part of tho month. Curing tho first fortnight about 100,000 bushels changed hands to tho trado, and prieta havo been run up from Ss. 8d, to 4s. 3d. to 4s, 4}d. iialzo has also boon much inquired for at In- creased values. The paucity of parcolB on oller has prevented extensivo salos, but prices roso rapidly, and touched 6s. 3d. at ono timo. As tho month closes, hove vor, we cannot quote orerSi. Bran, after going up to 28., rocedod again, and is not now worth ovor Is. Od. Colonial-mado oatmeal is saloablo at £23 to £24. Furniture-Business is quiet, and fow transac- tions aro reported. An invoice of Amorican chaira was quitted last wcok, roalislng, for common Beat Grecian maplo, 4s. lOd. to 49. lid. ; LToyvvood dining oak brought Os. lOd. ; crown top dining oak, ornamented, 7s. ; Parker do. do., Os. 2d. ; Eicrctt do. do., 0°. Id, ; Dougluns arm do. du., 7s. 2d.; Victoria splndlo back nurse oak, ora., 8s. 9d. ; cano back rocking sawed arm maplo, 13a. Od.; do. stripo, 13a. Od. ; largo cane-seat rockers, orn., 0s. 3d. ; child's high wood ofllco do,, 8s. Id. ; bent pillar bar-room oak, 0s. Id.; do,,orn., Os. lOd. ; Washington wood, 8a. 2d. ; do., orn,, 3a, lOd. ; extra Baltimore do., 8a. 8d. ; Baltimore, 2s. 7d. ; child's cano-soat rocking, orn., 3s. Id. ; crown top dining oak, 7s. 3d. ; No. 5 plain kitchon, light, 4a. 2d. ; do., dark, 4s. Id. Gunpowder.-The market remains as last month. Nothing of special interest has como before us during the interval. Supplies coming forward ara very modé- rai o, and wero thoro ony Bplrit o\ Incod, that circum- stance could not fail to influonco prices. Quotations of Hall's aro Bteady at Od. Kamos's Is maintained at 6Jd. For othor brands wo quoto ijd. to 4Jd. A Uno of ten tons, per J. D. Marshall, to arrive, found a buyer at 43d. ' Hops.-lite month's trado has not boon largo. Au appearnnco of firmness lins beon inipartod Dy lato English advices, and though tilla haïl)Cön prevented from becoming dovclopod into a decided rise in prlco by tho heavy stocks in hand, yot a much hotter fool- ing is likely to provall. Ordinary samples to some extent have been disposed of at la. 3Jd. to Is. 4Jd. For medium qualities Is. Od. has bcon obtalnod, and tlio brewers ha\o paid na much aa Is. Sd. for very crack parcels of 68's. Malt has communed little attontlon, for though attempts wero mado to induco buvors to act moro moro freely, thoy provod wholly fruitless ; quotations do not riso o\or 11s. tolls. 3d., and as Bhipmonts from homo arc beginning on a moro oxtended scalo than hitherto, it Is feared that thoso quotations can- not stand long. Metala.-llave not boon characterised hy much ac- tivity. Fig iron has nominally stood at £4, 'and less, for some timo ; last week somo 300 tons wore taken up by a speculator, and tile purchase waa oxpoctod to lead to an improvement. Qolvanlacd Iron has mot with a good trado demand, at slightly cosier rates. Scotch, 26 gauge, has boen sold at prices ranging from £26 to £27, at which sales havo boon mado ; ordinary brands of English havo found buyors at £23 to £29 109. Thcro is no inquiry for boat brands. On tho 19th instant the following lots wero disposed of under tho hammer :-Ex Dhuloop Singh, Q. 0.1'. 6 cases galvanised corrugatod lron,24gaugo, 6ft., which realised £24 per ton ; 20 cases do., 0ft., brought £21 16b. do. ; 17 caaos do., 7ft., £25 5s. do.; 8 casoa do., 8ft., £26 16a. do. Morowood's galvanised corrugatod iron, 20 gauge, 4 cases, 9ft., found buyors at;£3l por ton ; 12 cases, St t., wore sold at £23 7s. Od. to £2310s. de. ; 12 cases, 7ft,, at £28 10a. do. ; 12 casos, 6ft., at £30 to £30 6s. do. ; 4 cases, 6ft., at £30 10s. do. This w eek 59 cobos Britannia brand wero quitted at £26 16s. for 20 gauge, Olt., and for 7ft., samo gauge, £24 was taken. Bar and rod iron maintain our quota- tion of £0 to £1010s. ; there is no stock hold outaido the trado. Sheet iron is not much wanted; an as- sorted invoico of Nos. 8 to 26 was placed at £12 6s., a Uguro which sustains our quotation of £11 for Nos. S to l8, and £14 for 20 to 20. Thoro la no business to report in boiler plates ; wo quoto £12. Hoop iron is disposed of at £11 10s. to £12 for good assortments. Fencing wiro is vory dull, no demand whatever boing experienced ; Nos. 0, 7, and 8 nomi- nally rulo at £16, £17, and £18. In load, shot obtains notice at £31 to £32. Tin plates aro in slow sale ; quotations standet 15 por cent advance. Muntz metal is heavy at our quoted rato of Od. ; no sales have been rccontly reported. Ewbank's nalia aro disposed of, and as low as fifteen por cont. oil list bas boon uceopted. Amorican nails, on tho othor hand, have been noticed at up to 10a., a figure which shows a decided advance With Amorican hardware thomarkotisfairlysupplled. Collins'amlSharpo'shoavy axes havo been placed at 74s. Quotations of Collins'« heavy pickB stand at 60s. to 62s., but thoro is no busi- ness to refer to. Wo noto an easier tondoncy lu Ames's shovels, «ales of which have bcon effected at 67s. Bay's D II. shovels, 34ln. to 36tn., are in roqucst at 68s. to 60s. ; othor makers, same ¿nuRO, aro salcablo at 56s. to 68s. Uollowaro has boen disposed of at 221 to 27} per cent, off Hat. 011b.-ICoroscno has not been much noticed ; tho few sales effected havo consisted chlolly of Dovoo's, willoh hnsrcali60il Is. lOd. to Is. lOJd. ; about 5,000 cases changed hands chielly in tho first of tho month, but since then very little has bcon dono ; for Oozzon's wo quoto Is. lOJd., and for Downor's Is. Uti. to 2s. Castor oil has found buyers at 6s. Od. to 6s. In retail parcols, but under tho prossuro of heavy supplies now advised, it 1b feared the markot will recede. Somo 300 tons aro roportod by this mail from Calcutta, or equal to 76,000 gallons. Linsood Is a trillo lowor ; drums are ofloring at -Is. 3d, ; in wood wo cannot quoto over Sa. lOJd. Colza is noglocted, and at our lowor quotations of 4s. 4d. for drums and 4s. In bulk there is nothing to report in tho way of Salas. Olivo maintains a nominal quotation of 0s. 9d. and 0s. 3d. for drums and caak respectively. Chinóse, alter rccoding to 2s. Od. in bond, advanced again aftor tlio cale of some 700 to 800 cases, and Is now quoted at 3'. Polar has Btood at £46. Oilmen's Stores continuo to moot with favour at extremo figures in many instances. Thoro is a coiibI dorablo demain), though tho greater part of tho busi- ness dono goes through tho auction mart. The follow- ing prices realised embrace tho mora rocont sales effected :-Pickles aro scarce, and tho commonost brands offering realise- 8s. Hatty's bring up to 9s Od., and C. and B.'s up to 10s. Od. Onions havo brought 0s. 4}d. Bottlod fruits, assorted, havo boon quitted at 10s. lOJd. to Us. Block currants aro salo- ablo at 12s. English lib. jams command 8s. Od. to 0a. Od. ; thcro is little inquiry, and sales aro trifling. Colonial are in moro requost nt 7s. Od, to 8s. Salad oils aro in noll wanted ; common brands in quarts havo been quitted at 21s. 0d.t aud boat brands at up to 28s. ; pinta realise from 12a. -ijd. to 12a. Od. ; half pints aro dispobod of nt from 7s. Od. to 8a. Od. Pints castor oil havo brought 10s. Od. to 10s, 7Jd. ; half pinta are asked for at 0s. Sauces are qulttod at from is. to 8s. for half-pints. Capers in half-pints aro placed at up to 7s. Colman'« mustard lu 71b. tins has been sold at 8|d. ; lib. tins havo roalisod 10a. lOJd., to 11s. ; Jib, tins havo brought 7s. to 7s. Ijd. 'Ihumb bluo has boon disposod of at lOJd. ; for ball blue 8d. lias boen taken. Whlto starch has found buj ors at SJtl., and bluo Btarch at 6¡¡d. Whiting has realised £4 7s, Od. Jar salt has boon placed at 6». 4Jd. Sago rulos at 2Jd. to 2}d. tfaccu-oni and vormicolU arc steady nt 8}d. to Dil. Spices aro ox- poctod to improve Whlto pepper Ib advancing; wo quoto 7d. Black pepper is valued at 4Jd. Provisions.-The mall's advices havo lod, if not to an improvement lu tho valuo of hains, at least to a trlflo moro demand. Numorous parcols of Varoy'a, up to nearly 160 cases, wero got rief of at prlcos equal to 13d. to 13Jd. Bacon Is without a quotation. lu voices of ohceso, ill conditioned parcols, aro weekly disposod of by auction ; low rates, Bay up to 8d., ao cordlug to condition, aro ncooptod ; best qualities aro disposed of privately at up to 13d. The drought has alfcclcd tho valuo of butter vory considerably, a riso equal to 200 por cent, having token place in ouo week; good potted Is disposed of at from Is, 2d. to Is. Od. Quicksilver.-Thoro has boon no show of business in tbo markot ; quotations aro nominally kopt at 2s., but wo hoar of no bsIos. Rico has boen vory dopressod. In tho boginning of tlio month a movomont was Inltlatod In Patna which ltd to Iho ealo of 400 tons ex Arima, tho only parcel left in importers' hands, and, as thinga go, a Botlsfac toiy prlco was realised ; tho oxaot liguro was not allowed to transpiro, but it was variously stated as between £15 and £15 10s.; tho trado, howovor, havo not responded, and purchase but sparingly. Nothing else has sinco transpired. By our advices from Cal- cutta, which ruaoh to 21st December, wo loam that tho Ottawa, to leavo on tho 24th, will bring forward 600 tons now Patna. This veasol was chartorod for Bjdnoy and Molbourno, and It Ia not lmnrobablo that (ho may t'o on to tho other colony. The Portlaw, willoh was to leavo on the 23rd, had 1.000 tons host new Patna onboard, tho quality of which is Bald to bo very Uno. Tho City of Edinburgh, which loft on tho 21st, had 300 tons ; hor loading was complotcd early. The shipment Is Bald to consist of " Ascoll." Tbo privuto telegrams to hand to 20th Docombor confirm thoso already published, that nothing fur- ther was loading for the colonies. Java rico is in an tqually unsatisfactory condition, and though often attempted to be sold at auction, only ono lot of fifty tons, ex Helmath, was qulttod nt 618 6s. Our ad- vices from Batavia to 10th Docombor report tho departure of four vossois tor tbo colonies, some of which have arrived; tho number loading was three These advices, though as dlscouraglngascould well bo, havo directed tbo notice of speculators towards tho article, aud a day or two ago aomo tbreo cargoes, com- prising 1,000 tons, were takon up on terms withheld, and the market baa sinco ovinood moro buoyancy. Owing to excessive supplias, Cblnsao rico it likowiso iii similarly bad odour, and whilo shipments continuo to come forward, thoro is no hope of an Improvement, Amongst the arrivals are the Eliza Corry, from Java, with 9,000 bans ; tho Alf rod, with 0,000 bags ; and the bvlphidu, with 874 tons. Tho Douglas, from Hong Kong, brought a shipment of Chinese rice. Bait.-Operations havo beon i brought to a clow within the lost low hours which, It la oxpocted, will enable speculators to command tho markot, and ob- tain £6 10s. fur coarso and Ano, which figuro will now bo required. . > Sugar bas boen very buoyant) and though vory oon sidorablo «bipmonUi bave come forward, and it waa at ouo tuno feared that the pressure brought to bear -ja ii ; . a ,i ' ,, , -i ' u -non tho markot might causo prlcos to glvo way, thud fnW" proved groundless, and advanced rates have o« tho ro "'trary boon established. On the 6th iniUat «¡» tw ."Vindixon's cargo, amounting to 7,000 ban, ï""SÏ±j -lubllcly to tho trado. Tho salo excitóla fffnrfiuMV,/ Htention, in tho hopo that an easier Omr mlrfit n .<""..' ' but ""»hough many of the laSniriT?«TT^1*««! from Purchasing a single ""' J?WoI »S i"»? »upportod tho rat« ihL PÄi",i « ra ^Uisod privately --Ration-. XÄT II»" Wi -' ¿%¿ It® 36s. to 36s. ; middling to CVirvsUiF iii -'mia to 38s. Od. ; finest grainy yolk T"CÎS RnrW fn thn dllng while erjstals, 42V forenoon of the samo day saloawt w.fïS^ïXabmï oí 600 bags middling whlto crystals '* Ä.'XiSSt 400 bogs yellow to greyish browing °H,^l!¿f0ffi| 40s. to 42s. 3,000 bags Java ai ,u ?,'." """ÍS! Mauritius wero also got rid ol In *he °omi? of tho week privately at similar ralo *'?* ,]"" 8th, tho Audax's cargo of Mauritius, om°"nt3 to 3,000 bags, was oflored undor tho ham "K'-SK though tho Balo hung a littlo heavily, ando. ^.ï'ï?; bags could bo gol rid of, tho ratos realised wo. T,»»; un to provlous quotations ; low ratlonB brougi ,."fr 3d. ; fino grainy brownB, 33s. Od. to 84s. ; low yo. HiT» 36s. to 8Us. ; good yollow, 87e. Od. ; finest yoi TPJ» crystals, 41s. ; and good white crystal!, 43s. At U ^ time our dates Irom Mauritius, by the Qucou of the^ Seas, reached to tho 27th November, and from s "" published circular wo learned that, " owing to tho serious reduction in our crop, willoh, Instead of yield- ing 150,000 tons, as was estimated somo months ago, will barely execod 75,000, tho prlcos of our staplo have, within tho last f ow wooks, shown a marked In- crease of £2 to £3 por ton ; and tho demand being \ ory active for Europo, India, and tho colonies, Vf o loo* for a gradual riso for tho next six or eight months." In tho week ending ISth Instant no loss than four largo cargóos wero at Olio timo advertised for auction sale ; but as tho demand at present Is so much largor than at any other period of theyoar, tho slight rodno* tion of about 10s, per ton concedod at tho first salo waa moro than recovered at tho dosing sala of tho Chieftain's shipment. Tho cargo of Mauritius per Queen of tho Seas was offered for public competition on tho 18th, and out of 3,728 bags somo 3,223 found buyers at prlcos which showed groat firmness. From. 10s. undor, up to provlous salo ratos, was roallsod for the whole dlsposod of. Tho Alfred's cargo or Java sugar, offered at the samo timo, was with- drawn, with tho oxcoption of a small lot of middling white cryBtalB, sold at 41s. Gd. Tho rosult of tho sales on the following day not only spoko for tho elasticity of tho market, tut showed to what nn oxtont stocks in the hands ni tlio trado must havo boon roducod. Tho bidding was spirited, and prices wore well sus talnod, wlulo tho ontiro cargo in ono instanco, and. a fair portion ol tho other, was oloarod oft. Tho Indian Chief's cargool Mauritius amounted to 4,623 bags, the wholo of which was quittod at 20a. to 80s. Cd. for low to Uno rations, 33s. Od. to 31s. tor fino grainy browns, 85s. to 35s. Od. for low yollows, 80s. Od. to 37s. Od. lor middling to good yollows, ana 80s to 30s. Od. for fino grainy yollows. Tho Mar- guerite's cargo ol Bourbon sugar consisted of 14,313 mats, of which 4,210 mata woro placod at a satisfactory prico ; tho balanco was withdrawn. About 2,000 mata of tho latter wero afterwards sold prlvatoly. Tho Phillipplno arrlvod, on tho 17th, from Mau Mauritius, with a cargo for Geolong, Tho Eva Joshua was tolegraphod as having rcachod tho Hoads with a full cargo tor this port ; tho llaoliol passed on for Sj liney, and tho Klizaboth reaohod Adolaldo at about tho samo timo. By tho lattor, dates wero reoolvod to 12th Decomber. Tho Cathorino, for Molbourno, and a small vessel for Now Zoaland, woro tho only vossols loading for tho colonlos. Shipmouts for Bombay had io-conimoncod, and whlto erjstals bad risen to 8dol. an advance of 25a. A vory oxtenslvo trado was also done last week, but, notwithstanding tho extraordinary consumption going on, the markot was so much pressed for tho provlous fortnight as to oauso tho slight improvement established in tho early part of tho wooli to bo lost boforo the oloao. On the 18th, tho> . Nightingale'« cargo of 6,000 bags ot Mauritius was submitted to public competition, and about 3,700 bags w oro got rid of at an advanco of 15). all round ; at a concession of 5s. tho wholo cargo would havo hoon ck arcd off. Tho shipment por Phillipplno, amounting to nearly 4,000 bags, was offorod at Coolong on Wed- nesday, tho 20th. Thoro wosalargoattondancoof bujor» from Melbourno, Ballarat, and Creswick, in addition to the local moi challis. Nearly the wholo was dlsposod of nt tho following ratos, viz.-32s. Od. to 80s. for low to good counters, 30«. Gd. to 80s. for medium to fino counters, 80s. Od, to 40s. for yollow crystals, 30s. Od. to 42s. for medium to good whlto crystals, and S7s. Od. to 39s. for browing sorts. On tho 22nd, the cargo per Eva Joshua «as got rid of at prices which showed a slight declino. 6,117 bacrs woro disposed of. Middling to good yellow roallsod 35». to S7s. Od. ; Uno yollow, 88a. Od. to 3Ss. lOJd. ; and middling white, 40s. to .10s. Gd. Throughout tho presont wook businoss has boon limited to tho disposal of a few damaged parcols ; prices havo, in consequence, shown moro flrmncB*. Soft Goods.-There has boon vory littlo activity In the market throughout the month. Tho arrival ol largo quantities of winter goods has inoroased stocks without inducing buyors to operate oarllor than tho demand for them commences. Tho oxtremely hot «eather which has prevailed has tended to ren- der tho salo of winter goods moro difficult than usual. Thoro has boen a steady trado doing in plain plooo cottons, Horrocks's, longcloth, aud groy domestics, also in rough brown hollands, ; tho supply ol those, how cvor, is fully equal to the demand. Twoods aro vory heavy and dull of salo, imports up to tho prosont timo being greatly In oxcoss of consumption. Wincoys and French merinos aro also rathor hoavy. A good many fancy dress materials aro being shown, but tho Balo is vory limited, buyers gonorally preferring to wait tho arrival of socond shipments, which are gone rally bought at lowor rates. Tea.-Messrs. James O. Robortson and Co., in thoir usual monthly circular, roport as follows:-"Slnco our circular of tho 4th January, very littlo alteration lias taken placo. Sales have continued much the samo. Quotations havo boon supported na woll aa could have boon expected, but thero has boon a con- stant BuccesBlon of small salos by auction, f ooding tho trado at prices undor, and in some cases sovoral ponce under, quotations. Tho cxcosslvo quantity of tea on hand and on the wator ' provcuts dealers going into stock to any oxtont, consequently Importers find much difficulty in quitting stock. Modium to good descrip- tions havo hoon mostly run upon, and tho finor de- scriptions of kaisows and Ano kaisows havo attracted' slight speculation: This, no doubt, will have a good oflect upon tho markets, and as wa cannot oxpoct to havo any fino congous until noxt seimon, val noa for tboso on hand now aro 'likely ,to continue firm. Foo-chow dust and siftings havo not boon in much demand, and sales havo been mado at about previous rates. Broken Foo-chow baa boon sold at lOd. to lid. Ordinary to good ordinary and mixed leaf kinds, with little flavour, havo beon In most demand at Is. to Is. 3d. ; and blackish loaf, strong, la. .lln. to Is. Od.; blackish leaf kind, strong, with flavour, havo boon sold at la. 0Jd. to Is. 7}d. Second-class kai- sows have net beon much dealt lu, lu consoquonce of tho dimness of holders, otherwise moro business- might havo transpired ; sales havo boen mado at Is. 10d.- to 2s. Firat-class kaisows have boon freely plekod up, at up to 2s. 4d. Scouted tons havo boon principally sold under tho hammer. Auction salos.-On tho 7lh January, tho entire cargo of tbo Albert Victor, from Foo-chow, consisting of 9,048 paokagoa, was ollorod, and 5,982 packages Bold. On tho 11th January, 8,633 packages congou, scontod orango pekoo, and gun. powder, ex 'Catarina Marla, and William Frulng, woro offered and sold atcurront rates. On tbollth January, a portion oí tho cargo ox Ragna, from Foo-chow, consisting of 4,840 packages, was offorod aud sold. On tho 20th January, tho damaged portion ot tho cargo ox Medina, from Foo chow, consisting of 842 paol.ngos< congou, aud thlrty-ono packagos scontod orange pekoo, was oflored, and succeeded in getting fair prices. On tim 22nd January, portion of tho cargo ox San Francisco, from Foo-chow, consisting of 2,820 packuges, waa offorod, and 1,811 packages sold at previous rates. On tho 28th January tho damaged portion of tlio Itagna, from Foo Chow, consisting of 200 packagos, was offorod, nnd fotohod modium prices, ilaningo considered. Thoro have also boon sovoral minor Bales unworthy of noto. Tbo arrivals during ho month havo boon-At Molbourno, on tho Stn January, Bngna, from Foo-chow, with 251,0001b-, pas sago sovonty-hovon days; on the 11th January, Frances Henty, from Foo-chow, with 467,2001b., pas sago flfty-slx days ', on tho 15th January, San Fran clsoo, from Foo-chow, with 225,2001b., pasaago sixty two days; on tbo 16th January, Australind, from. Foo- chow (ordorod to Sydnoy); on tho 20th January, Chieftain, from Foo-ohow, with 371,3001b., passage, sixty-four days. At Sydnoy-On tho 0th January, Dashing Wavo, from Foo chow, with 305,0001b., passago sixty-llvo days ; on tho 8th January, William ¡.'ruing, from Hong Kong (via Molr.ourno), wIUl 87,1001b., passago 102 days ; on tlio 14th January, Sunshine from Hong Kong (via Molbourno), with 7001b. ; on tbo 18th January, Onward, from Hong; Koiig(via Molbourno), with 25,2001b. ; on tho22nd Jan- uary, Frisch, from Poo-chow, with 201,11001b.,pasaago 120 dave. At Adolaldo-on tho Oth January, Oondor, from Foo-chow, with 211,8001b,, passago 124 diys ; Tho doll verles for tho past month havo boen 148,1001b. against 638,7751b. at saino timo last yoar. Tlio stock In bond In Molbourno Is 5,470,0041b. against 3,061,0001b. at samo timo last year. Our quotations, aro ¡-Congou-Dust and sittings, 8d. ; broken Foo-chow, löd. ; ordinary to good ordinary, lid. to 1b. ; mixod leaf kinds, Is. OJd. to Is. 2d. ; do., with littlo flavour, Is. 2d. to Is. 3d. ; blackish loaf kinds, Is. 4d. to Is. 6d.; do., strong, Is, 6>d. to 1b. 7d. ; do. strong, with flavour, Is. 7d. to Is. Od. ; do., kaisow kinds, rathor strong, Is. lOd. to 2s. ; do., pekoo-Bouohong and pokoo llavour, 2s. Id. to 2s. 3d. ; do., fins rich pokoo-souchoiig flavour, 2s. 4d. to 2s. Od. ; do., vory lino do., 2s. Od. to 2s, lOd. ; low Tay shan, 4 Jd. to 6d. ; souchong, common, Is. lo Is. 2d. ; middling to fino. Is. 3d. to Is. 6d. ; oxtra Uno, nono; orango pekoo, scented ordinary and broken, Is, Cd. to Is. 7d. ; do., good to fino, Is. 8d. to Is. Od.; do., finest country kind, 2s. ; long leaf, Canton leaf, 2s.; capor, scouted, common to middling, nono ; do,, middling to duo, Is. 1 Id, to 2s. Id.; do., flnost, nono ; hy sonskin, Canton, nominal, 4d. to6d, ; trno common to fino, none ; hyson, common, nono ; good to fino, nono ; finest, nono ; young hyson, Canton and Twankar Muds, nominal, Is. ljd. ; good yollowlsh leaf to Una hyson flavour, nono ; gunpowuor, Canton, good to Uno, nominal, Is. gd. to 2s. ; country kinds, nona ; Importai Canton, good to fine, nominal, 1b. Gd. to Is. 10d.; country kinds, nono. Abovo quotations aro at per lb. in bond for chests (boxos holng worth 2¿d. t» Sd. per lb. more). Duty on tea In Victoria, 3d. per lb." Timber. - An oxtonnlvo domaud Is oxporlonood, and thoro is a largo trado doing. The wook ending 11th hist, was noted for a vory considerable amount of bual ncssjhaving beon carried through. Tho sales oomprisod : -Lumber, per J. 8. Stone and Muslo; flooring, per Champion of the Seas ; Kauri pino, per Australia ; cedar logs, por Storm King ; ironbark spokes, per Lorenzo Sabine ; hardwood, per Australasian l'ackot ; Oregon timber, por Pliojnlx ; and T. and O. flooring, nor Allda. On Tuesday, ox Jamos 8. Stono-OO.OOOft. whlto pino »helving, brought £11 ; 40,000ft, do., T. and O., £11 2s. Ud. to £11 6s. ; 2,380ft. do. doals, £T 7s. Od. ; 0,833ft. ash, £0 to £12 16s. ; 8,805ft. hickory, £10 to £10 10a.'; l,050rt. whlto oak, £7 7s. Gd. ; 130,000 4 Jft latin.80s. Gd. ; 7,000 4ft. do., 20s. Od. Kx Music.-72,000 whlto pino shelving roallsod £10 10a. to £116s. ; 06,000ft. ia., T. nnd O., £11 6a. ; 40,000ft., clear pine, £14 16s. to £10 17s. Gd. Kx Champion of tho Scas-80,000 0 x li T. and O., white, fetched 11s. Gd. ; 02,000 0x| do., 10«. Od. ; 68,00*,, Ox} do., 8s. to 8s. 3d. ; 78,000 0 x 4 do., boaded, W 0J. ; 42.000 do, plain, 7s. 3d.; 117,000 (tour oatV weatherboards, Ol Od. to 7s. Ex Australia-7GVt»0It kauri pine, assorted sizes, sold at 10s, 3d. to don, bj" Kx Storm King-10 logs cedar, woro quitina »jj Ms . 10 do.. 23s. Ex Lorenzo Sabine - 1,583 ironbark spokes brought 20s. 6d. Ex Australasian PVuAet 10 055ft, hardwood waa placed at 8a. sd. to 81, (¿ por i'oo super . Hobart Town palings, 6ft. to Oft', V 8d to Os Gd per 100.. ? On Friday, tho 8th, ox. ¿ud«, 78,059ft, ¿Vx H red T, and Q. Baltic floor» tj^ j^llsod, I2j. Û4. pex .-aOOtk;29,872Mx¿do,>lls.6d.toris.7d.do!;30l777ft. «xä,0o., 8a. .6d.,,do. ; 63,004ft.' G,x -J d,o., 8a.ido. ; ¡D8.453ft. O x H whlto T. and Q. do., lis. Od.'do. I; 65,146ft. Oxído.,10s. Od.do ; 75,940ft. Ox |do.,8a. 3d. (to 8s. Od. do. ; 31,239ft. 0 x Jdo.,7s. 6d. do. ; S3,359ft. « x i do., beaded, 7s. 9d. do. J 4r287ft. architraves, -lus.,3d. do,; ex Pheonix,63,604ft. l8 x l8; Orogon , timber brought £9 15s. to £10 12s. Od. por 1,000ft. super; 80,311ft. IO x 10 do., £8 10s. to £9 10s. do. ; ?64,717ft. 14 x 14 do., £8 2s. Od. to > £8 16s; do. ; 69,076ft. 12 x 12 do., £82s. 6d. to £810s. do. ; «Silt. 8 x 8 and C x 0 do., £8 7a. 6d. do. ; 14,274ft. l8 X 0 do., £8 10s. to £8 12a. Od. do. ; 12,400ft. 10 x .6 do., £8 10a. do. ; 9,074ft. 14 x 6 do., £8 7s. Od. do. ; 20,810ft. 12 x 6 do., £8 12s. Od. to £8-16s. do. ; 14,646ft. l8 X 4 do., £8 2s. 6d. do. ; 14,817ft. 10 x -4 do., £7 17a. Od. do. ; 10,2101t, 14 x 4 do., £7 17s. 6d.do ; 81,772ft. 12x4do., £717s. Cd. do.; 20,307ft. 11 x 4 do., £7 17s. 6d. do. ; 10,865ft. 0x4 do., £3 do. ; 07,071ft. 12 X 3 do., £7 5s. do. ; 2,216ft 10 x -3,10x3, 0x4 do., £7 5s. do. ; 61,059ft, 11 x 8 do., £7 12s. Cd. do. ; 61,620ft. 9x8 do., £7 '15s. do. ; .:0,246ft. 8x 8. 0x8,4x8,12x2, IO x2, 8x2; 8x2. -4x2,3x2, do., £7 5s, do. A slight advance was -established in flooring In tho course of tbo following wook. The dealssold, howovor, boing- inferior, tho ratos .obtained wero no criterion of tho value of sound ones. , On Tuesday, tho 12th, theroworo sold, ox Craig Rllachio, all faults, 22,818ft. 6x1} red T. and G. flooring, at 12s. 9d. per 100ft. linoal ; 230,281ft. Oxl¿ whiteT. »nd G. do., realised Us. Od, do. ; 147,241ft, 6x4 do., 10s. Od. to 10a. Od. do. ; 149,051ft. 6 x } do , 8s. to 8s. 3d. do. ; 73,008ft 6 x \ do., 6s. Od. to 7s. do. ; 8,624ft, four-out wfatliorbonrd«, brought 6a. Od, do. On the 16th, tho doab) ox Alida wero dlspoaod of, all faultB,<6,148 0 x 3 rod deals, brought 41816d. per ioot ; 864 do., 10ft. and lift, 4 7-10d. do. ; 171 do., Oft.,7ft,8tt.,and9ft.,4}d. do.; 761 do., deokeargo, .were quitted at 4 9-10d. do. ; 200 8 and 0 x 1J rod boards, at 4 7-10d. por foot, Ifor 9x3. Ex Thoo Íibano-48,000 0 x li red tonguod and groovod, roal sed 12a. Od. per 100ft. lineal ; 26,000 6 x i do , 11s. do. ; 60,000 0 x li whlto do., 11s. Od. do ; 8,000 Oxjdo., 108, Od. do. ; 22.0000X} do., 8s. 8d. do'; 30,000 0 x J do, 7s. do. ; 28,000 4-out weatherboards, .7«. do. Kx Claronco Packot-All faults, l,500!t Swan River' mahogany, O x 4, 6 x 8,6 x 2, 4 x 2, scantling,' sold at 11b. per 100ft. super. Ex Hazard, 20,000 4fc. laths, wero placed at 28s. Od. ; 66,000 4}ft. laths, -fetched 853. Od. Ex Harriott King- 85,000ft. sawn kauri pine, 12 x 1} to 24 x 22, wore takon" up at 10s. Sd, to 18a. Od. ; 2,934ft. 0 x 1T. and G. kauri, at Us. Sd. ; 3,105ft. Ox li'do,, at 10s. Gd. Ex Surprise, 6,746ft. ash, found buyers at £10 6s. to £12 ; 3,872ft. hickory, brought £12 6s. Last weok, on tho 22nd, tho offerings comprised tho Niagara's cargo of Canadian timber, consisting of shelving, clear pine, carpontor's clear, spruce flooring, red pino flooring, spruco and tomaroo dea's, pino and spruco pickets, laths, oak staves, itc., a groat part of which was disposod of at .very eatlBfaotory prices. Tilla wook, on tho 27th, a further advance was established on doola, 10,000 pieces red deal, ox Alexander, branded J. D. & Co., woro quitted at-for 0x4, 6}d. ; 11 x 8, 6Jd. to 6 9 82d.; 9 X 3, 6Jd.'¡ 7x8, 6Jd. ; and 7 x 2}, 5Jd. to 6 6-16d. Ex Coringa-63,000ft. white pine T. and G., £10 7s. 6d. ; 94,O00ft. whlto pine Bholving, £11 7s. Od. ; 24,000ft. clear pine, £1417s. Gd. to £10 6s. ; 70,000 4ft. laths, £9s. 3d. to 20s. Od. ; 200 barrels Wotherspoon's plaster, 12s. to 12s! 3d. Ex Hazard-60 whito pino denis, £7 15s. ; 8,688ft' hickory, £9 10a, Ex Alma-10 logs New Zealand red pino, Da. Od, ; 8,000ft. do., red and whito boardB, l-Jd. to ljd. At tho same time, the spruco deals ox Tornado and Globo woro disposed of at 4 jd. Tobacco.-Tlio month opened with an Improving tendency, so that many descriptions previously neglected came more Into favour, and pricos lookod decidedly Armor, but tho improvement went no .further, tho remaining thrco weeks having proved dull and without animation, Tho vory light stock hold of'fine twist tobacco induced importers to de- mand a considerable advance on previous prices, and Uley resolved that In futura Is. 8d. would bo required ' for Barrett's Anchor twist, Is. Od. for Ravon, and 1». fld. for St. Andrew's ; reoont shipments of tho lattor havo turned out very superior, and are said lo be second to nono in the market. At this timo, tons likewise mot with favour at improved prices, and half pounds also lookod bettor, Aromatics, in conscquonco of reduced Blocks and decreased shipments, attracted moro attontton. On AVcdnosday, tho 0th, undorthe îiommer, 2C1 packages wore quitted. Tens, faulty, brought lUd. to 12id. ; lives, 12}d. Twist sold at Is. Id. Ids. 4jd. Aromatles realised ll}d. to Is. Od. ; hal t-pouhds, Od. to 9Jd. In the following'wook, ending lSlli, tho only transactions privately re- ported woro the salo of somo 300 packages tons. Venus, and Two Seas, and a small parcel of Raven twist Barrett's twist was sold by auction at Is. 4d. Tho Coringa, which arrived ten days ago, brought 47S thrco-quartor boxes, 85 halves, 480 cases, and 30 half-tierces. Last woek, as well as thoTprosont, havo boen markod by little activity. Not- withstanding the favourable tenor of advices regard- ing Bhipmonw, stocks aro yot too hoavy to admit of any porcoptlblo Improvement. Sheepwash has boon asked for, and a fow transactions havo takon placo at low figures. Small parcols of light- pressed aromatic half-pounds havo also bcon quitted. Twists aro wanted, but buyers declino to pay tho rates re- quired. A shipment of dark half pounds Two Seas, «x Coringa, was placed at full markot ratos. All the Mnilla choroots and cigars on tho markot-about. ferty cases-havo bcon cleared out at close up to 70s Our quotations oro-Tens and half-pounds, common, Cd. to 8d. ; medium, Od. to lid, ; best, 12d. to 14d. ; mahogany-coloured half-pounds, 12d. to lid. ; aro- matics, 14d. to 18d. ; fancies, Is. 8d. to 2a. ; pounds, nominal ; twist- Baven, 1b. Od. ; Barrett, la. 8d. ; Black Swan, Is, 4d. to Is 5d. ; Kerr's, Is. 3d. ; cigars, Manilla cheroots and cigars, 70s. ; Swiss cigars Ormond, 40s. to 45s. ; Tavorags, 40s. ; Harannabs, JÏ1U to £30. \- Wines and Spirits.-A fair Inquiry has oxlatod for ports and sherries. The feature of tho month was an extensivo salo of wines held on Friday, the 22nd, when tbo auctioneers succeeded in disposing of 200 hhds. and quarter-casks, realising-for ordi- nary and dry palo shorrics, £47 108. to £76 per butt In bond ; low and medium aborrica, £24 to £30 lGs. per butt in bond ; sherries, with all faults, woro quitted at £11 10s. to £23 por butt In bond ; red wino brought £14 to £14 10s. por pipo in bond. Wo obsorvo «1th pleasure tho amount of attention now being given by our local dealers to colonial wines, and that the vignerons aro gradually opening up a certain outlet for their produce. Wo hear of the salo having been complotcd of throe vlntagos ono, two, and thrco years old-the produco of the -doona Warra vineyards at Sunbury. Tho quantity amounts to 26,000 gallons, and consists of hormitago, matara, riesling, vordollho, and chassolas ; and as tho quality is vory suporior, a satisfactory prlco was ob- tained. In brandies, few transactions hove tran- spired, the stiffness of holdors having prosonted no «neouragement to the largor dealers to oporato. Hbnneesy's bos stood at}7s. Od. for now, and 8s for '(36 brandies. For Martell's now, 7s. 7Jd. has boen accepted. Otard's has bcon held for 7s. Sd., and O.V.P. for 7s. Associated Vinoyards' has realised 0s. 3d. Sales of > B. Freres havo 'bcon mado at 5s. lOJd., and 120 quarters of Contrai Vineyards' wero placed on torras withhold ; wo quoto £s. Gd. to Cb Od. Honnessy's caso dropped gradually until touching 26s. Gd., when tho market was cleared to tho extent of 8,000 caBCS at up to 20s. MortoU's is quoted 28s. Od. ; Otard's, 22a. Od. ; Ronnult's, 22a. ; and C.V.P.. 20s. In goneva wo note tho salo of 1,600 cases, no brand, at 10s. Ijd. V. H. and Co. and JTJKZ, in bond, obtain no notleo ; for tho formor wo quoto Us. Od., and for the latter 15s. Duty-paid .V.H. and Co. has recently attracted a good deal of attention, and soma 7,000 cases woro disposod of At at up to 42s. ; hoidors now ask 44b. upwards. JDKZ Ib hold for 40s. Rum lins boen gradually fall- ing, but having touched 3s. 7Jd., spooulatlvo notleo was direoted towards tho markot ; well on to 300 hhds. woro taken up, and higher ratcB will now bo required. Queensland mm, 10 o.p , was quitted at 2s. Od. to 2s. lOjd. Whiskor is quoted at 4s. Od. to J!s. In bulk ; thero is vory llttlo inquiry. .' MELBOURNE WOOL REPORTS. I Messrs. U. Ooi.usmiouaii and Co. report as follows :- j " Wool.-Tho extent of businots transacted during tho i past month has been larger than was anticipated, a ! total of 16,831 bales having boon catalogued, of willoh | quantity about 11,000 bales havo boon sold. Tho Bales i have passed off with spirit, and tho tondenoy of ' prices has bcon towards advanced rates, presont I quotations showing a riso of fully jd. por pound, over thoso advised by last mall. This advanco has extended to all descriptions, and although the .better norts, havo, as usual, olicitod tho greatest .competition, it is ovldent that inferior and ordinary lots also havo secured moro attention than iboforo. Tbo improved tono which has been mani- fested is attributable to tho revival of confldonco caused by tho lavourablo telegrams which roachod .hero on tho 23rd of Dccombcr, reporting advanced Tates at the London November sales. The intelligence. thuB convoyed boa, we aro glad to observe, boon con ,-firmed by subsequent advicos, consequently tho buyors ? aro oporatlng with spirit, whilst on the othor hand tho growors arc showing a deslro to rcaliBO hero rathor than risk tho fluctuations of the English markot Tho ox porlonco of this past fow years having proved to many .of thom that it is moro advantagoous to sell in the . colony, and thus mako a certainty of thoir returns Taking this season's clip on tho wholo, it is in fair .order; but, in numorous instances tho excessive i stocking of stations, and consequent scarcity of food, ; has had an unfavourable effect, tho iloocos being thus i Tcndorod light in weight and inferior in condition. ,Thoro is no doubt that tho grazing capabilities of :many of tho runs in Victoria and Riverina havo boon taxed to tho utmost extent, consequently, in a dry , season like UiIb, tho sheep suffer from want of sufllolent -grass, and this has, of cuuist, a deteriorating effect , on the wool. It is not dlfllcult to forosoo that tho , evil will in time almost work its own remedy, for tho , decrease in (numbers, caused by the drought of tho ; past fow months, has on Bomo stations boon con , ¿idorablo, and wa bcllovo that bofore tho summer is . over, tho losaos will bo f urthor increased unless rain \- speedily sots in. Tho grass in scvoral districts has boen t so closely eaton down, that there is scarcely any food , left, consequently it is impossible to keep tho sheop in condition ; and a cortain proportion must nocos ?uu-lly dio if tho presont dry weather continues. Wo .look upon this as an advantago rather than a mls , fortuno, for wo aro of opinion that many of tho runs ought to havo their stock rcducod by fully ono-fourth -in ordor to give tho young sheep a chanco of . arriving at propor vigour and size, and also to socuro fat stock for market. The returns from tho roduced numbers would, wo fool convincod, prove moro ro >' munerative than thoso resulting from tho prosont , system of sacrificing quality to quantity, for not only would the ghoep yield heavier fleeces of sounder and moro useful wool, but the valuo of tbo curcoso would also be greatly enhanced. At presont store sheep oro almost valueless, and it Is dlfllcult to soil them at any price, simply because thero aro no ^buyers, all boing alike overstocked. Certainly tbo nvoat-prcaorving companies have assisted consumption io V- consldorablo extent, so far as fat stock is con (©enkcd, and should thoir consignments to tbo Euro iPcan markets bo favourably rocolvod, no doubt a . farm proportion of our surplus sheep will thus bo .utllised to advantage ; still, In tho moantlmo, it is not \\\w less evident that a reduction in numbers ' is urgently .required. It is clear that the wool pro- duction, of iliOao colonies has reached its maximum, 'end we aro of opinion that this soason's export will not bo oxçeodoû, " equallod, for several years to 1 came. - all the wail'*0'8 land m Victoria and Now South Wnloa boing «to ck°<l up to ita full capabilities. , It is truo thoro are Jaree srca" °' unoccupied country In Queensland and the far north; but experience has graved that in the warm lau""*» referred to shoed etcriorato rapidly, and the wo.1' produced is of vory ' inferior quality ; Indeed, tho low p.-l°es n°w ruling for . olips of this description muat Ion*.'1 ". tho abandon- ment of .many sheep stations already t^^d, as thoy i cannot be yielding payable roturas, u.'ieao doduo . tiona would lead us to foretell a hopeful futu.."e;orH!î . Australian wool trade, as it must bo evident W1*" *". depression In prices caused by oyer-produçtlon wlu» bo far as these colonies aro concerned, aoon bo xem°- j died; whilst, on the othor hand, if tho consumption, I "goes on increasing, advanced ratea will naturally! in conreo of timo, bo obtainable. No doubt thcro will bo an increase in the production of South America and the Cape of Good Hopo, but this need not causo apprehoneion, as neither of thoso countries can compote with thoso colonies in growing supe- rior wool, and It only remains for our sheop farmers to oxcrt themselves to remedy tho deteriorating effects of the present system. A judicious reduction of numbors, and incessant weeding out of all stock which aro inferior, combined with tho selection of I the best animals to brood from, will Boon romedy the : tendency towards depreciation which is observable ip , several of our largest flocks, and wo trust growers will ' ;oo tho necessity of at onco adopting such a courao, othorwiso the profits from these stations will become less romunorativo. With ordinary caro, wo fool well assured Australian wool will distanco all competition, as tho superior sheep wo now havo, conjolnod with an ominently favourable climate, must ina fow yoars inBuro great excollonco. Hides.-Wo havo no ship- ments to advise during this past month, nor is thoro likoly to bo any parcols available for export for somo time to come, all tho hides which aro produced boing readily taken for local uao. Owing to bo many sta- tions being now stoeked with sheep instead of cattlo, as in provlous yoars, tho number of hidos offering is not nearly so groat as was formerly the caso. Pricos aro vory linn, and may bo quoted at from 3Jd. to 4Jd. per lb., really first-class dioavies boing worth 20s. to 22s. Cd. each. Tallow.-Thcro is a steady demand for shipment, but owing to the limited quantity offering for sale, tho requirements of purchasers cannot bo supplied. Prices remain about tho same as last quoted, but in consequonco of lato advicos from England boing less favourable, the tendency ia in favour of buyors. Wo quote beef, £32to £34; mixed, £36 to £30 ; and mutton, £87 to £38 por ton. Tho dry weather noted last month still continuos, and owing to stock, being genorally in poor condition, it is not likoly that tho export this season will be nearly so great as was at first expected, tho results from boiling down for tallow alono having hitherto proved less profitable than was anticipated. Sum- mary of Bales this month :-R. Csldsbrough and Co,, 4 eales, 7,717 bales cataloguod, 6,531 balos sold ; the London and Australian Agoncy Corporation Limited, 3 sales, 4,103 bales catalogued, 2,100 bales sold ; H. Cuningbam and Co., 3 sales, 2,800 balos cataloguod, 1,823 bales sold ; Georgo Synnot, 3 sales, 1,000 bales catalogued, 857 bales sold ; 0, J Dennys and Co., 2 sales, 805 bales cataloguod, 262 bales sold; Guthrio, Bullock, and Co, 2 sales, 247 bales catalogued, 240 bales sold. Totals, 17 sales, 15,631 bales cataloguod, 10,965 balos sold. Sum- mary of sales during tho season to this dato, Novembor 1, 1808, to January 80, 1800 :-U. Qoltls brough and Co. 12 sales, 28,276 balos catalogued, .10,580 bales sold; tho London and Australian Agoncy Corporation Limited, 10 sales, 15,044 bales cata- logued, , 0,444 bales sold; H. Cuningbam and Co , 7 sales, 9,427 bales cataloguod, 3,948 bales sold ; C. J. Dennys and Co., 7 sales, 3,638 bales catalogued, 1,997 bales sold ; George Synnot, 8 lalss, 1,718 bales cata- loguod, 2,110 bales sold ; Guthrie, Bullock, and Co , 7 sales, 8,154 bales catalogued, 1,145 balos sold ; Mackenzie and Roadknight, 4 sales, 500 bales cata- logued, 109 bales sold. Total, 55 sales, 05,237 balos catalogued, 3?,435 bales sold." ThoLoMioN and Australian Agency Corporation furnish tho following monthly report, for transmission por Rojal mail steamer Bombay :-" Wool.-During tho month an activo business has been dono, at a Blight advanco upon tho rates curront at the early sales of tho serlos. Buyors, howevor, are acting with caution, and do not readily pay tbo advanco lookod for by Boilers, tho hohio market, in their opinion, not holding out sufficient inducement to encourage highoi rates in anticipation of a possible riso. As tlio ond ol tho wool teoBon draws near tho class of wools offering aro gradually becoming of an inferior character, tin greater portion of tho botter Viotorlan wools beio¡i already Bhippcd, and on the way to London. The averago wolght of the season's clip has boon lowoi than usual, possibly owing to thegrcatscarcity of ralr throughout the wholo of last winter. From tho above cause a greater proportion has boon Bborn In the groase Wools of Loiceater character hovo boen more soughl after, and have commanded a comparatively larger ad- vanco than woolBof a Merino chai actor. A total ol 14,180 bales have been offered in Melbourne, of whiob number a largo quantity have found purchasers. Oui wool season ia fast drawing to a closo, and althougl: small sales will continue to bo hold for a Bhort timo wo may now report that tho bulk of this season'! clip has passed through tho warehouses. Owing te thonumbor of ships now on the berth, freight ratei aro now quoted from Jd. to f d. por lb. Quotations : Greasy- Inferior, 4d. to Od. per lb. : do,, medium 6d. to 8d, do. ; do., good., 8d. to lOd. do Slipo Low, Od. to Od. do. ; good, 9d. to 12d. do. Scoured Inforior, 10d. to 12d. do. ; do., medium, 12d. to 14d do ; do., good, I4d. to 17d. do. ; do , suporior, 17d. to 19d. do. Floooo-Inferior, lOd. to 12d. do. ; do medium, 12d. to 14d. do. ; do., good, 14d to lOd. do. ; do, suporior, I6d. to lOd. do Tho following shipB havo cloarod since our last, viz. : 1809-January 7, Holmedale, 4,463 bales ; January f Bon Nevis, 5,869 do ; January 9, Moravian, 8,389 do. January 13, .Ernestine, 4,837 do. ; January -17, Wol iesloy, 8,040 do. ; January 19, Donald Mackay, 9.131 do. ; January 23, Sussox, 1,322 do. ; Miagara, 6,04' do ; Bed Rover, 3,567do Total, 40,262bales Towhiol add provlouB shipments from 12th September, 1808 131,393 bales. Grand total 171,056 balos. Tho weokl; shipments havo beon as bolow, viz. :-For wook ondini January 2, 1809,1,475,5831b.. valuo £85.492; Januar. 9, 4,170,0781b, valuo £243,433 ; January 10. 2,410,07 lb., valuo £176,040; January 23, 2,708,8I01b., valu £157,624. Total, 10,8312501b., valuo £062,389. T which add previous shipments from 12th Septem bcr to 26th Docombor, 1808, 27,819,0401b., valu £1.010,135. Grand total, 38,651,202, value £2,302,621 Tallow,-The increaso in the supply of this article i most noticeable, and wo do not think thoro will b much dicroaso in tho quantity for somo time. Th Bhipmonts of tho month aro 3,162 casks and 24 tanto Pricos aro £2 per ton in favour of purchasers, on wo quote :-Mutton, from £85 10a. to £80 10s. pc ton ; beef and mixed, £34 to £35 10s. Hides hav nearly ceased as an article of export ; tho local trad now take nearly all offered, at full pricos. W quoto:-First heavy, £1 oach. Stations,-Tho onl station ealo wo havo to report is tlio Myrtlo Croo Btation, situated In tho Beechworth of Victor!« tho proporty of Mr. H. Grattan, lo Mr. T. Re bertson, at satisfactory prlco and terms " Messrs. Hastíos Cumnoiiam and Co. report : " Wool -The sales Blneo the boglnning of the noi year havo boen watched with great interest by al conncotod with wool-growing, and owing to tho r« ceipteot encouraging nowa from London, prices hav steadily advanced, and aro now firmly established, a animproioment of from Id. to Ijd. por lb. on lai month's quotations on all well conditioned wool whilst Inferior descriptions bave mot with ready sala Nino eales by public auction havo bcon held in Me bourno ainco tho 0th ult,, at which greasy woo realised from 4Jd. to lOd. ; scoured, lljd- to 19d. flccco, lOd, to 20jd. per lb. Freights romain stead at {d. for washed, and jd. for greasy. Tho woi season for 1808 and 1809 is now drawing near its clos and probably thoro will bo no moro regular sales aftc noxt week. Tho Bhipmonts since lost report have bec as follow:-From Hobson's Bay-January 7, Holm dalo, 4,403 bales; January 8, Bon Nevis, 5,3( do. ; January 0, Moravian, 3,889 do. ; January li Ernestlno, 4,337 do.; January 15, Wolleslo 3,040 do. ; January JO, Donald Mackay, 9,1! do. ; January 28, Niagara, 6,647 do., Sussox, 1,8! do. ; Red Rover, 3,667 do. Total ahipmont 40,262 bales; provlous shipments, 180,009 bolo Total ehlpments from Septombei 14 to January 2 1809, 176,271 balos. Shfpmonts from October 11 February 8,1808,126,610 bales ; corresponding perio 1867,116,787 bales. 1'robablo quantities to bo tal« by tho following ships, viz., Champion of the Soo 6,000 bales ; Maid of Judah, 1,500 do ; Lansdown 2,600 do ; City of Manchester, 2,000 do. ; Hlghflyo 1,100 do.; Bolga to, 3,000 do. Sheepskins.-The have boen largo quantities from tho bolling-dow establishments sold in Molbourno sinco our last i opoi Dry station skins havo brought from 4R to 03d. I greasy, and from OJd. to lOd. per lb. for washed skim green skins, from 2a. 8d. to 3s. 7d. each ; polts, froi 4d. lo 12d. each ; and lambskins, from 8d. to 10 nidos aro all bought up by tho tannors, who ha' paid from 4d. to -J3d. por lb. We havo disposod 430 during the month, at from 14s. Od. to 22s. 3 each. Thora aro no shipments. Tallow was in ve good demand boforo tho arrival of tho last Englii mail, and was soiling at from £37 to £88 por ton f good mutton, and from £80 to £87 for mixed. Late wo noto a declino in prlco, and £30 10s isnownboi tlio valuo of good mutton. During tbo month v havo sold 230 pipes and several tanks at aboro quot tiona. Tlio shipments this month amount to 3,1 casks and twenty-four tanks. Kangaroo Bkins ha sold at from 4s. for small to 17s. Od. per dozen f largo, according to bIzo." REVIEW OP THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The business of tho month of January ha« not como up to tho expectations formed beforo tho closo of 1808\. Thoro has boon no general decline of prlcos, but rather a pauso In transactions The spooulation in now quartz companies has boen somewhat checked, but still tho market Is far from bolng In a depressed condition. Any suddon access of huyera would very quickly put a now faco upon matters. For invostmont stocks, such as debentures and banks, the market has boen well supported. It la the intention of throo of our joint stock-banks (Now South Wales, Victoria, and National) to apply to Parliamont for such an amendment of thoir oxlsting acts of Incorporation as will empower them to lond monoy on tho mort gago of land or houses. Tho proposal has evokod consldorablo discussion, and is not regarded with favour by tho public. There has also been un- favourable criticism of an avowed intention of tho ColonlalBank to undortako tho disposal in London of wool consigned for salo by tho bank's con- stituents. Gas BlinrcB In good demand, and vory acareo Insurance stocks aro, on tho wholo, bottor than last month. Dividend quartz minos have had but a slight sharo of publlo attention ; dlvidond pay- ing alluvial companies much preferred. A consi- derable portion of tho mining businoss dono has boon in promoters' shores of now quartz companies. Tho Ballarat mon aro pushing out In all directions, and aro doing a good deal In the way of launching com- panies. Their cntorprlso causes ground to bo workod that would othorwlso lie idle, and if results are good, tbo community is boneflted. The danger to bo avoided Is tho running up of shares of thoso companies beyond their intrinsic valuo as promising experiments. Tho non Buccess, so far, In London of tho projoct of Messrs W. C. Smith and Carpenter bas boen regardod variously. Tho residents of Ballarat are disappointed that moro progress has not been mado ; tho feeling in Melbourno being that it would be bettor not to got English capital rather than havo subsequent dlsap polntmont If tho mines turned out HI. Tho Winter's Freohold ground is likely enough, and the mining valuo of the claim ia to some extent «matter of opinion. If tho Goldon Point gutter travorses the ground the valuo Is Immense, but this is just tho point about whloh thoro is somo uncertainty. The dividends duo or declared since the 1st and up to 23rd January amount to £86,300, of which twclvo alluvial mines contributed £25,440, and thirteen quartz minos £10,050. For the year 1808, the aggregato dividends from all sources amounted to £1,000,271. Of this amount £299,321 was contributed by banks, gas, insurance, and othor companies with local proprietaries, and £700,050 by mines; of tbo last-named amount, alluvial mines contributed £572,040, and quartz companies £224,810. Tlio dividends for the year 1607 amounted to £1,111.446, and the difference between tlio two years is thus only £16,175. This shows remarkable evenness in results. Debentures.-Victorian Govornmont sixes sold at £110 6s. to £11010s., and firm at the Utter; this is exclusivo of interest. Melbourno Corporation sixoa .old up to £100, and steady. Sales of Ballarat Muni- cipality's bonds. A fair request for any debenture security bearing six por cent, Interest, Banks,-Bal } lafat Bank not much dealt in ; buyors at £8 10s. ¡ Colonial Bank frequently sold at £82s. Gd., and in request at onythlhg'undor ; tho proposal of tho bank to undertake tho salo of wool for ita constituents In London has beon unfavourably reoelvod by tho press and tho public. Commercial Bank sold at £511s. to £612s. Gd ,and In good requcfltat£510».;an excellent balance shoot has boen published ; dividend at Tato of six por cent, and, altor deduotingfor bad or doubtful debts, and walting off liborally from preliminary ox penses, bank furniture, and stationery, £4,000 is act aside as the nucleus of a reservo fund ; there is a very lame proprietary. - National Bank have boon sold at £010s. to £0 17s. Gd., and the market Is steadier now than for somo weeks. Bank,of Victoria sold at £43 and offered at samo ; buyers at £42. The Land Mort- gage Bank submits a good sheet, and pays dividend at rato of ten por cent, per annum ; tho businoss of this institution is sound, tho management being careful ; it is contemplated to open a branch office in London. Gas Companies.-Bendigo Gas hold for £4. Colling- wood axe at £7 15s. ; dividend and bonus togothor worth twclvo per cont. por annum, Molbourno Gas sold at £G 4s.; dividend at rate of eight por cent per annum. Insuranco Companies.-Austral- asian Fire and Marino improved Is. por share. Australasian Life aro at 21s. Australian Alllanco improved to 20s. for buyers; this is 7s. Od. premium. Southern Insuranco Company's balanco Bhcot is not considered very brilliant; sales at 303., and sellers at that. Victoria Life offorod at £3, and not taken. Miscellaneous Companies.-Hobson's Bay Ballway Bold at £60, £51, and remain about £50. All Building Societies' shares aro in oxeollont request, at full prices ; thoro is now a great numbor of thoso societies ; their sphoro of operations is largor but as a rulo tho borrowing mombors havo not been sufficiently numerous' of lato. Tho latost prices of mining shares wo glvo in the stock and share list. There is a hotter fooling in Consols, in St. Goorgo, and in several of tho load- ing alluvial mines. The Kew North Clunes Company bos reached tho prlco of £100 por share, or over £200,000 market valuo for tho mino ; this beads tho list, the Band and Albion Consols Company coming noxt with a markot valuo of £185,000. Tho Bales effected during tho week ¡ ending 23rd January, wero at the following rates':-Victoria Government six por "conts, 110J; Melbourno Corporation sixes, 100 ; Ballarat Corporation debentures, 1041 ; Colonial Bank, £8 2s. Gd., £8 3s, ; Commercial Bank, £6 Ils., £5 Ils. Od., £5 12s-, £5 13s. ; National Bank, £0 10a,, £0 Ids, Od., £017s. ; Bank of Victoria, £43 ; Australasian FIro and Marino, 10a. Od., 17s. ; Australian Alllanco, 19s.; Spring Crook Water- works, £10 ; Alllanco, Bendigo, 3s. Od. ; Black Horse, Egorton, £80 ; Barb, promotors', £31, £8110s. ; Cri- terion, Clunes, £335 ; Denmark, Bendigo, 2s. ; Enter- prise, tromotors', £0 10s. ; Ercildoun, Egerton, £1; Great Britain, promotors', £10 ; London and Austra- lian, Clunes, £3 Is ,£3 is. Gd., £3 4s. Od.; Long Tunnel, Stringer's Creek, £25. £26, £20 0s. Od., £20 16s" £27 ; Longfellow, Stringors Creek, £416s. ; North Clunes Consols, £0 7s. Gd., '£9 10s. ; North Poverty Beof, Tarnagulla, £1 ; Nowington Quartz, Pleasant Creek, £215s., £2 17». Cd. J Sir William Don Quartz, 9s.; Sons of Justice, piomoters', £10 10s., £10, £7 12s. Gd. ; Burpriso, promoters', £35 17s Gd. ; South Scotchman's, 20s., 22s. Gd.. 23s., 80s., 38s. Od. ; Wallaby, Beech- worth, £11 ; White Horse, £4 3s., £4 4s. Gd., £4 10a. ; Band and Albion Consols, £516s., £0, £516s.. £517s. Od.; £5 18s.,£517s Od., £0, £0 2s. Od. ; Now Don, 11s. Gd, 12s. ; Park, £7 12s. 0d.,£710s.,£715s., £7 17s. Gd. ; Princo of Wales, £410s., £4 Os. ; Scottish and Cornish, £312s. Od. ; St. Georgo and Band of Hopo, £3, £3 2s. Gd., £3 6s" £3 10s" £3 12a. Gd., £315s , £3 17s. Gd-, £4, £8 17s" £3 IGs. Od., £3 10s. ; Working Minors', £317s. Gd. ; All Saints', £415s. ; Ballarat and Clunes, £2 6'. on terms ; Great Northorn Freehold, 17s. Od.¡Golden Lako, Eldorado, paid up, £117s. Gd.; Great Extended, Eldorado, paid up, on terms £4 10s., cash £4 5s., orders £3 6s. ; Great Northwest (now), 21s., 24s. ; Inkermann and Durham, £315a., £3 17s Gd., £3 10s., £3 18s., £4, new £115s., £1 lGs. ; Boso-hill, £3, and paid up £4 2s Od. ; United Hand and Band, £11 10s., £1112s,, £11 8s" £11, £10 10s. ; United Ovens Gold and Tin, £0 18s., £7, and paid up £0. Tho dividends due or declared havo been for tho wook ending January 9:-Ballarat Froohold, 2s. Gd. por 3,000th ; Bonshaw Froohold, 10s. por 3,SG0th ; Christ- mas Reef, j!s. Gd. nor sharo ; Happy Valley, Running Creek, £1 per 3,000th ; Sadowa, Rocky Flat, 15s per 240th; United Albion, 6s. pcr0,448tb. For week ondlng January 10:-Band and Albion Consols, 5s per 22,600th ; Black Horso, Egorton, 10s. per 2,600th ; Costerfield Gold and Antimony, 5s. per 2,000th ; Great Redan Extonded (final), 3s. por 4,800th ; North UlppB Land, Stringer's Crook, 5s. per 2,400th ; Specimen-hill, Daylesford, £1 nor l,0S8th; United Bed Jacket, Ballarat (final) 8s. lOd. por 4,400th ; Walhalla, Stringor's Crook £1 per 000th. For week ending January 23.-Clunes Quartz Com £any, 5s. per 2,000th; Golden Horn, Springdallah, Os. por 2,600th ; Lower Huntly, Deop Lead, £2 10a. per 000th ; North Bpoclmcn hill, Bendigo, Gd. por 16,000th ; Park, Ballarat, 8s por 12,800th ; Princo of Wales, Ballarat, 5s. per 8,843rd ; Sadowa, Talbot, £1 2s. Gd. per 1,210th; Scottish and Cornish, 10s. per 4,032nd; United Albion and Princo of Wales, 6s. per 6,448th ; Wellesley, Stringor's Crook, 7o. Gd. or 1,200th ; Young Chum, Bondigo, Od. per 20,000th. SHIPPING EEPORT. Mr. S. De Beer reports as follows : " My lost report of tho 4th ult. roforrcd to tho larger quantity of wool which had up till that period boen dospatchod for London, and I havo now to adviso a steady contmuanco bf tho samo, ten ships, aggre- gating 12,550 tons register, having left, being 1,050 tons In excess of tho preceding month. Tho depar- tures embrace tho Conflict, Helmsdale, Bon Nevis, Moravian, Erntstlno, Wellesley, Sussox, Niagara, Donald Mackay, and Red Hover; and there aro now loading tho Empress, Highflyer, Champion of tlio Seas, Lansdowno, Maid of Judah, City of Man- chester, Rigato, Essex, Wnvo of Lifo, and Talbot, tlio latter proceeding vlil Capo of Good Hopo, calling at Port Natal, Wool and othor produce havo been offering in abundance, but notwithstanding which no advance in rates of freight has been ob- tained, the same being as last quoted, viz. :-Wool, ia. per lb. for scoured, and M for groosy ; leather, 60s per ton; tallow, 55s. to (10s. ; preserved moats, 55s. to 60s. ; bark, in bags, 50a. A fow shipments of flour bave been modo at 40s. por ton to London, and to tho samo port about 1,000 tons Java rico is avail- able, our imports of late of that grain, both from tbo Straits and Bengal, having been considerably in ex- cess of the wants of tho colony. It is anticipated that for somo timo heneo a considerable demand will be made upon our tonnage to load wheat at Adolaido and other South Australian ports for the United Kingdom, and jUBt previous to arrival of last mall on 21st ult. tho following ships woro takon up for that emploj ment, viz. :-The Comadro, 711 tons, to load at Port Wakefield for London, at 60s. ; the Craig Ellachie, 609 tons, at Adelaide, for samo destination, at 62a. Od. ; tho Indian Chief, 240 tons, at Port Victor, getting 67a. 0d for wheat, and for bark 60s. ; and tlio Dhuloop Singh, 1,200 tons, at Port Wakefield, forms kopt private. The advices by last mail from England having noted a decline in the valuo of whoat, a dulncss in the do- rnend for ships at present prevails, and 55i. Is only now offered for high classed Bhips, and a de- cided preference Is given to iron vessels. Tho schooner Kroo-boy, 140 tons, has boon takon up to load breadstuff's at Adolaido for Algoa Bay, at 60s. per ton. Tho passenger traffic to England continues to im- prove as tho season advancos The Sussex, in addi- tion to a fair complement of civilians, conveys sovonty invalided soldiors, with their ofllcors, &c;, at a roto nor head kept private Tho ship Cholsca has just left for Hong Kong with 400, a full load, of Chinoso passengers. Tho Racor, 742 tons register, has beon acccptod by tho Government of Western Australia at £2,000 to proceed to Fromantlo with troops ; thonco , to Hobart Town, Tasmania. A fair demand pre- ' vails for ships Bultablo for the carrlago of horses to Calcutta and Madras ; and for tho latter port i thoshipThoophanohasBOCureda lumpBum of £1,250, : tho ship only finding water, and freo of risk of death. A company has latolv boen formed boro with tho vloy/ ' of colonising tho Fiji Islands, having purchased a ¡ largo tract of country from tho nativo king, which I has led to tho chartering of tho brig Alfrod for the couve} ance of passengers, &c;, heneo, at a lump sum of £200 The German barquo Heimath proceeds to Zebu (Philippines) for a cargo of sugar and hemp, at j 47s. Od. and 80s. respectively. Rates of freight for coalB, NewcaBtlo to ports in China, havo again de- clined, the Balmacarra and Albert Victor having ac- cepted 33s. for Chcefoo, the Enriquo 24s. for Saigon, and tho Thermopylae 34s. for Shanghai, and the Lottie Maria proceeds to Sydtioy to load coal thoro for San Francisco at 80s. No sales of shipping w ortby of noto have taken place during tho month." LIVE bTOCK. Messrs. Dalmahov Oamfiib-,l and Co. report : "Fat Stook,-This market continues to bo hoavlly supplied with sheep, principally half-fat. togother with a full Bupply of cattle. Ovor 87,000 of tbo former having been sold to tho butchers, meat pro servers, at d for boiling down purposes during the past four weeks, whilst 6,100 of the latter have been dis- posed of during tho same timo. These numbers, although much largor than usual, havo not proved greatly In oxcess of the consumption, as prices for both descriptions, especially for primo qualitlos, havo improved ; and wo boliovo that towards the ond of the Bummer, and during tho winter months, still bettor quotations will bo obtained, as there is ovory likelihood of a greater scarcity of really fat stock taking place than wo have experienced for somo yoars hack. Wo quote:-Primo beef, at from 22s. Gd. to 25s. por 1001b. ; second quality, at from 15s. to 20a. ; and 601b. to GOIb wothcra from 10s. to 12s. ; second class, from 7s. to 0s. ; primo ewes, 401b. at8s.; second-class do., from 4s. Gd. to 6s. Gd. Our sales during tho past weok have beon 1,000 awes for Mr, W. Hamilton. Sugar Loaf, at 8s. ; a few cuIIb, at 0». Od. 773 wothors, light weights, for tho lion. W. J. T. Clarko, Bald Hüls, at Gs. Od. ; culls, 4s Gd. 522 ewes and wethers, for Messrs. Ritchie, Gowrio park, at 4s. to 5s. Od. 05 for Mr. Dugdale, tho cross bredsat 15s., and thomerlnocs at Os. 200 owes, for Mr. James Morris, Yan Yean, at 5s. ; and a small draft of owes, for Mr. Turner, Fontland Hills, at 69. Od. 210 cattfo, tor Messrs. Watt and Thomson, from Urana, the bullocks at from £415s. to £9, averaging £6 17s. Gd. ; and the cows from £117s. Od. to £8, averaging £5 12s. Od. 20 head, tor Mrs. Jamos, of Bacchus Marsh, at £0 16a. 73 for Mr. F. M'Bao, and GO head, for Messrs. Robertson and M'Cormack, at quotations. Store Cattle - There wero very few inquirios during tho past week, and wo do not look 1er much animation until thoro Is a general fall ol rain throughout tbo country, whon we anticipate a brisk domand at full rates. Quota- tions:-Primo bullocks from 76s. to 80s. ; good do,, from 60s. to 70V. ; cows, from threo to sevon yoars old, from 60s. to 60s. ; speyed do., from 55s. to 05s. ; mixed sexes, over two yoars old, from 60s. -to 00s. Storo Sheep.-We have no Improvement to ronort. Tlio demand for all descriptions continues very inac- tivo. In tho abtenco of sales no correct quotations can bo given. Stook and Stations.-On tbo 10th Inst. wo soldi Messrs. Brock and Bardie's Cocketgedong Station, in tho Murrumbidgee district, New South Wales, with 21,600 sheep and all Improvements, to Messrs. Watt and Thomson, of Urana, at a satisfactory price." _ SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. < PORT OF MELBOURNE. Arrivals aud Cikarancks simcb oca Last Sijmicarv. [13., British ; A., Amorican ; Au., Austrian ; Do.', Danish ; D" Dutch ; F., French ; Ch" Chilian : P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg: Un., Hanoverian; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G., North Gorman, 8., Swedish; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian; Belg. Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; R., Russian ; s., ship ; b., barquo ; br., brig; se, schooner ; s.b., steamer.] i i ¡ Jan. arrived. < 0\. City of Manchester, B. s., 686, Jobn> D. Sbaorj, Glasgow.-Alexander Hadarían and Co. 6\. Hjdcrabad.B s , 1,830, Richard Jones, Llvorpool. -Bright Brothers and Co. 7\. Alfred, N. G. br., 164, T. Buttsohan, Batavia. G. Buyn. 9\. Thermopylae B. s., 947, R. Kembali, London, Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 10\. Talbot, B. s" 847, Thomas James, London - Virgoe, Bon, and Co. 10\. Marguorito, F. b., 000, M. Allier, Reunion. Lauratet, Lo Roy, and Co. l 12\. Indian Chief, B. b., 240, Wm. Friend, Mauritius. -Joshua Brothers. 12\. Hazard, A. b., 337, G. A. Karstens, BoBton. Newell and Co. 18\. Hadleys, B. b., 848, W. Pain, Mauritius.-Victoria Sugar Company. 14\. Holgate, B. s., 1,032, H. W. Norris, London.-J. H. White and Co. 14\. Frances Henty, B. b., 461, Wm. T. Quaylo, Foo- chow foo.-James Henty and Co. 14\. Anno Royden, B. s., R. Nicholson, London. Virgoe, Son, and Co. , 15\. Essox, B. s., 1,042, R. Ridgors, London.-W. P. Whlto and Co. 15\. Coringa, B. s., 884, S. P. Follows, Now York. Lord and Co. 15\. Son Francisco, N.G. se, 234, C. H. W. Shlornborg, Foo-ohow-foo -Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. ¡ 10\. Wavo of Lifo, B. s., 888, R. A. Perrott, London. Dalgct}, Blackwood, and Co. 10\. Eva Joshua, B. b., 280, T. H. Robson, Mauritius.- t Joshua Brothers. I 10\. Australia, B. br., 162, John M'Arthur, Manilla.-j Jamos Henty and Co. 21\. Geelong, R M S.S., 1,684, R. T. Dundas, Point de Galle.- F. R. Kendall. 23\. Odin, S. b., 470, O. E. Harlin, Geflo-Wllkio, Welch, and Co. I 25\. Asie, F. b,, 400, J. Bornard, Charente.-Curclor and Adet. 26\. Hlppolyta.B. 8., 853, Wm. Hudson, Liverpool.-i Dickson, Williams, and Co. 26\. Sylphldo.B. s., 207, J. Garrick, Batavia.-Pigott Brothers and Co. 2G. Chieftain, B. b , 339, John Blacklock, Foo chow foo -E. Cohen and Co. 28\. Soutnern Empire, B. s., 1,534, R. Allen, London. -Dickson, Wllliama, and Co. 20\. Sea Star, B. B.,590, J. II. Varey,London.-Holmes, White, and Co. Jan. CLEARED OllT. 5\. Avoca, R.M S S., 1,007, 0. G. Perrins, Point de Gallo.-F. R. Kendall. 5\. Montano, B. s , 1,209, J. A. Pritchard, Calcutta_ Dickson, Williams, and Co. 6\. James S. Stono, A, s., 710, Chas. H. Phlnnoy, Shanghai, v!fl Newcastle-Nowoll and Co. 5\. Martha Rideout, B. e., 022, L. G. Reed, San Fran- cisco, vlfl Nowcaatlo.- Mooro and Co. 5\. Triton, B. b., 575, L. P. Asmusscn, Guam.-Lord and Co. 6\. O. M. Davis, B. s , 1,023, J. Koopman, Callao. WilBhin and Leighton. > 7\. Holmsdalo, B s., 1,257, G. TIckell, London.-J. n. Whlto and Co. 8\. Bon Novis, B. s., 1,001, A. M'Petrio, London. Aloxanaer Macfarlan and Co. 8\. Elmina, D. b,, 300, G. J. Piora, Macassar, via Newcostlo -O. Buyn. 9\. Globo, B s., 730, T. Brunago, Valparaiso.-Lori- mer, Marwood, and Rome. 9\. Comadro, B. b. 772, J. Ponrico, Liverpool, vii! Port Wakefield.-R. Towns and Co. 9\. Moravian, B. B., 903, T. B. Ayltng, London.-Dal- gety , Blackwood, and Co. 11\. Balmacarra, B. b., 376, H. J. M'Ufford, Choo-foo, via Newcastle.-It. Towns and Co. 12\. Iduna, N. b.. 546, F. Erickson, Callao.-Do Pass Brothers and Co. 13\. Ernestine, B. 8., 1,049, T. Do Gruchy, London. Croas cr, Scott, and Co. 15\. Enriquo, Buenos Avres b., 583, E. Orcutl, Saigon, viaNcvtcastlo.-Osborn, Cushing, and Co. 15\. Wellesley, B. s" 1,014, A. Wigney, London.-W. P. White and Co. IS. Boy Bcndixen, Da. br., 80S, Johann Mathlosen, Guam -Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 19\. Southern Bolle, B. s., 1,120, II. C. Koon, Calla-). -Dickson, Williams, and Co. 19\. Donald Mackay, B. s., 2,440, R. Richards, London. -Bright Brothers and Co. 20\. Dhulecp Singh, B. 8., 1,108, J. W. Jennings, Llvor- pool, via Adelaide.-Lorimor, Marwood, and1 Komo. , 21\. ChoUca, B. s., 904, W. J. Lowo, Hong Kong.-E. Holmes. 22\. Thermopjlro, B. s., 047, R. Kombali, Shanghai, via Nowcaatlo.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 23\. Sussex, B. s., 960, G. M. Miller, London.-W. P. White and Co. 23\. Niagara, B. s., 1,592, P. Macfarlane, London.-A. Macfarlan and Co. 23\. Red Rover, B. s., 1,042, T. Stowart, London.-J. H. White and Co. 23\. Indian Chief. B. b., 240, W. Friend, Guam. Joshua Brothers. 25\. Qucon of tho Seas, B. b , 322, R. B. Tomllnson, Colombo.-W. Peterson and Co. 26\. Marguerite, F. b., 434, E. Allaire, Guam.-Laura tot, Lo Roy, and Co. 28\. Medina, B. b, 858, J. Lo Fouvro, Guam.-Fan- ning, Nankivell, and Co. 30\. Bagna, N. br" 205, J. J. Gulbrandson, Foo Chow, vift Newcastle.-R. Towns and Co. 30\. Alido, B. b., 638, M. Bornor, Callao.-W. J. Greig and Co. 30\. Briton, B. b., 452, F. Ross, Maldon Island, via Nowcaatlo.-A. Woolloy and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. Jan. 5. Avoca, R.M S S., Point de Gallo -G casks preserved meats, 2 packages seeds, 0 packages parcols, 4 packages drapery, 1 box eaddlery, 2 balos printed papers, 1 case ironmongery, 1 caso sago, 4 boxes malzena, 2 boxes Btarch, 3 quarter- casks vinegar, 1 paokago platinum, 1 cask ale, Montana, for Calcutta.-66 tons hay, 20 bags oats, 2,000 bushels bran, 0 tons chaff, 12G tanks, 520 tons salt, 120 horses. Jam. 7. Holmsdalo, for London -3,463 bales wool, 160 tons copper ore, 20 bales- leather, 804 cases preserved meat, 281 casks tallow, IO casks tailings, 2 cases 1 quarter cask wino, a quantity of horns and bones. , Jan. 8. Bon Nevis, for London.-5,309 bales wool, 21 firkins butter, 27 cases nutmegs, 38 cases mace, 6 cases booka,, 0 cases spice, 3 coses effects, 1 case furs, 708 blocks zinc, 1 quarter-cask wine. Jan. 0. i Moravian, for London.-3,389 bales wool, 0 bales sheepskins, 350 casks tallow, 8 casks preserved meats, 180 tons coppor ore. J Jan. 13. Erncstlno, for London.-4,837 bales wool, 343 casks tallow, 0 casks kangaroo skins. Jan. 15. Wellesley, for London.-3,040 bales wool, 102 casks tallow, 51 bales slioopBkins, 49 bales laathcr, 3 balos basils, 420 bags copper ore, 03 casks antimony tailings, 06 caskB black sand, 05 blocks rcgulus antimony, 5 casos copper bars, S packages sundries, 8 casks lard, 2 cot es confectionery, 3 coses wine, 2 coses preserved meats, 5 cases drapery, 45 cases bacon. Jan. 10. Donald Mackay, for London.-9,128 balos wool, 372 casks tallow, 84 bales shcepskinB, 024 bags wheat, 300 hhds. molasses, 7,452 bags copper oro, 3 coses pre- served meats. Jan. 21. Chelsea, for Hong Kong.-2 bales basils, 161 pack* ages old coppor. i Jan. 23. Niagara, for London.-5,000 bales wool, 70 cosksi Ercsorved provisions, 1,180 casks 24 tanks tallow, 191 alcB shcopskins, 8 bales gluo pieces, 399 bags bark,) 230 bales leather, 20 bales basils, lO'baloa flax, 311 coses preserved meat, 1 coso medicino, 1 case books. { Sussox, for London.-1,832 bales wool, 2,510 bags] copper oro, 04 casks tallow, 50 blocks antimony rogu lus, 4 packages sundries, 3 cases books. Red RoVcr, for London.-8,568 balos wool, 2,894 bags oro, 926 bags bark, 404 casks tallow, 1,000 coses preserved meat, 4 cases wrappers, 49 bundles Bhoop BkinB, 20 bundles basils, 11 bundles felts. Jan. 25. Queen of tho Seas, for Colombo.-2 pumps, 1 roll canvas lioso, 1 bundlo forks, 3 lamps, 6 buckets, 2 tubs, 40 horses, 2 cows. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE-' PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. Jan. 6. Avoca, R.M.8.S., for Point do Gallo. Pa'sengors saloon : For King George's Sound-Misa Hallett. For Ceylon-Mr. Whitty. For Bombay-Mrs. Kollie., For Madras-Mrs. Cameron. For Suez-Mr. and i Mrs. Qoodlett. For Marselllos-Dr. Pattison, Captain Blano, R.N. ; Mr. and Mrs. S. T. Clissold, Mr. and Mrs. Webster, Mr. and Mrs. R. T. Watson, Mesara. G. Thornton, W. Quirk, J. Quirk. G. 0. HawkorJ and J. Young. For Southampton-Madame Bono and child. Commander II. Nelson, R.N., in chargo of malla. Jan. 7. Holrosdalo, for London. Passengers-cabin : His Excellency Colonel Gore Browne, C.B., Mrs. Gore Browne, Miss Mabyll Gore Browne, five children, and two sorvants, Captain Steward, A.U.C.; Mrs. Tickcll and child, Miss Ellis, Captain Rabbit», Mr. Bamford, Mrs. Cooke, Mr. and Mrs. Timms, child; and servant, Mr. and Mrs F. Kaworau and Miss Kawcrau, Mr. Schrotteringk, Mr. Macarthur, and' Dr. Nicholson, I Jan. 10 I Donald Mackay, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Bonwick and family (two), Mr. and Mrs. Clibborno, Mr, and Mrs. Rayson, Mr. and Mrs. Curtis, Mr. and Mrs. Finlayson, Messrs. Landale, Fogus, Wiristanloy, and Mrs. Hilton and child ; and twenty in tbo eccond cabin. Jan. 23. Susbcx, for London. Pasiengors-cabin : Mrs. W.1 II. Carter, Miss A. Carter, Miss M. L. Carter, Rov. Mr. -Wright. Lieutenant C. M. Harrington, 2-14th Regiment ; Messrs. Henry Franks, B. M., Pocklington; William Buddie, N. H. Gcrrand, Brennan, and fifty thrco time-expired men and invalids, ten women, and twenty-one children from various rogiments; and elghty-jlvo in tho steerage, " I GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tho following'is a list of tho ships taking gald which havo sailod hence Bince tho publication of our last summary, together with the quantities and desti- nations :- - Date of Sailing. Ship. Jan. 6 Jan. 7 Jan. 8 Jan. 0 Jan. 13| Jan. 16 Jan. 19 Jan. Jan. Jan. 23 Jan. 26 Avoca Holmedale Ben Nevis Moravian Ernestine Wellesley Donald Mi Niagara Sussex Red Rover Chelsea ackay Gallo .. Lindon .. London .. London . London .. London .. London .. London .. London .. London .. Hong Kong 18,470 23,446 8,487 11,888 8,140 16,558 13,472 7,779 12,769 8,438 4,738 The total amount of gold exported from tho colony sinco the beginning of the year is 122,178 ounces, of which 8,260 ounces wero transhipped from New Zealand. During the corresponding period of the previous year, the entire quantity exported waa 199,821 ounces, and ot this total 12,161 ounces were from New Zealand. STOCK AKD SHARE LIST. Satuksat, Jak., Amount I of Loan.] DKBRM-UHE3. Closing Prices. £ 1000000 100000 " 10000 , 22000 , 60080 30300 135400 153300 100000 20000 OOOO IVict. Gov. Rlwy. (local), G per cont, Molbourno Corporation, 0 per cent .Ballarat Water, 8 per cent. Ballarat Municipal, 6 per cent. .. 'Collingwood Gas, 7 per cent. .Melbourno Gas, 7 per cent. iMclb. & H. B. United, 8 por cont. Do., T per cent Do., 6 per cont. Do , 5 per cent. Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cont. Otago Provincial Gov., 8 per cont. 110-111 108J-1001 It" co ft a .13 PUCn'O COUPAMES. Last div. por cont. per annum. £ ., 44210 437600 200000 íooeoo 640000 1000000 600000 40000 30000 124908 14000 00000 2080 24430 200000 . 126000 25000 20000. 10250 100000 40000 100000 68370 17876 8000' 12388 50000, 20000 12000 7000 32840 £ I HANKS. , ,6 Bal, Bankg. (limit) V Colonial of Austral. ' 5 Commercial ot Aus | tralla (limited) .. 2Mclb. Bank Corpo | ration (limited) .. 4 National of Austral, 20Now South Wales.. o-l í'Victorla(Mel.reg.) 1 26 1 Do. (London reg.) f 2 Land Mortgago | OAS COMMMKB 7 Ballarat 5 Bendigo 5 Castlcmaino 6 Collingw'd 4. Fitzroy lODajIesford (limited) 4 Geelong .5 j- Melbourno -J I IKIIinAKCB. ¡j'Austral. Tire & Mar | Australasian Life .. J Australian Alliance J National Flro Insur. 1 Southern Insurance 1 Victoria Lifo & Gen. 25 Victoria Flro & Mar. | MIBCFbLANÏOlIB. 5 Bendigo Waterwork 6 Gipps Lnd. StcamN. 6HobBayR.ScaEath 60 MelbournoExch'nge "Ovons Waterworks, 121 P.Sllvor.St Arnaud Studley Park Brldgo Victorian Ice ' Warrenheip Dlstily. RAILWAYS. Molb &Hob.Bay; Ud. £ Gi-6| 81-81 llls-113s 136 1371b 44J-46Í 42-43 48s.-60s. 108-1OJ 3Î-4 1J-2 7H? 8-81 4-6 6-6J 12-121 16S.-176 21b -22is. 20s.-21s. 7a.-8s. 29s.-30b. ' 2<V8' 30-35 388.-40S. 14-15J 50-61 MINES, 2000 22600 3000 4000 8200 400 100 240 0344 2600 4400 1000 4000 4000 2260 8200 2500 2600 000 500 4000 8000 12800 8343 0000 4032 Al onclift Band of Hope and Albion Consols, Ballarat .. Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Brcak-o'-Day, Rokew ood Buninj ong, Buninyong Buninj ong New, Buninj ong Clunes Alluvial Concordia, Daylesford Exch cquer, Daj lesf ord Extended Sons of Freedom, Chiltern . Golden Horn, Springdallah.. Golden Lake, Scarsdale Grand Trunk, Happy Valloy Great Gulf, Ballarat .. Do., now issue Groat Northorn, Ballarat Koh-i-noor, Ballarat.. (?Leviathan, Ballarat Lower Huntly Dcop Lead ? Magnum Bonum, Mary boro' New Don, Ballarat .. New Ballarat Freehold Park, Ballarat. 25 Prince of Wales, Ballarat . \- St. Gcorgo and Band of Hopo 15 Scottish 4. Cornish, Ballarat 1472' 20 'Sons ot rrccdorri, Ballarat . 0448 5 ¡United Albion and Prince of' Wales, Ballarat .. ..I 4800 18} United WorkingMincrs', Bal.l 65-6B 21-22 8-31 6-61 50-60 21-2Î 22s -28'. 9-91 9-11 13-15 03-7 4J-4Î 4J-5 3-3g 31-4 3-3Ï NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 10600 4800. 6000 2600 1000' 1000, 2000 3600 4600 600 2000 8000 3600 . 3500 6000 OTOO 2000' 3300 3000 6400 G400 1000, 8 All Saints', Ballarat .. 10 Ballarat Tunnel, Deep Creek 2 Ballarat and Clunes .. ., 8 Durham, Ballarat 8 Do., profèrent \- Do,, now . 10 Enfield, Durham 5 Groat Extended, Eldorado .. 6 Do., Contributing.. 40 Great North-West, Ballarat \- Great Northern Junction .. 5 Guiding Star, Ballarat 6" Inkermann and Durham, Bal, 5 Do., new ia.suo .. .. 6 New Holland, Av oca .. ) 1 Do., now .. .. J 2J New Princo of Wales, Ballarat 2 INorth Star, Ballarat 2 Speculator, Ballarat 80 United Hand-ln-Hand and) 10 I Band of Hope, Ballarat j 5 United Ovons Goldandlln, I Eldorado .. .. J 5 | Do., Contributing .. 5 Winter'sFrcebold, Ballarat.. 4J-4J 13-2 3-4 7-3 25s.-35s. 31-4 2J-3 8-31 10-101 8-9 6-6J 70-SO f DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 22600 \- 80 10000 10000 2400 10000 10000 2200 sooOo 1000 20000 3540 2640 10200 2480 2600 7500 7500 06600 14780 2000 1304 12000 10054 1710 15044 14000 3200 24000 1200 2400 12005 6940 23100 28000 800 20000 1600 28000 4860 12000 1260 20870 1200 10573 10000 2000 10000 2000 2000 5000 2050 20000 2400 23876 20000 22000 20000 1680 \- 1600 Alllanco, Bendigo Adv ance Bendigo Agamemnon, Bendigo Ajax, Alexandra Albert Company, Alexandra Albert, Maldon Ajax, Castlemaine .. Albion, Steiglitz Alabama, M'lvor .. . All Nations, Matlock.. Argus, Bendigo Al Castlo Roof, Wood's Pt.. Beehive, Maldon Bird's Reef. Bendigo.. Black-hill, Ballarat .. Block Horso, Egerton Brcak-o'-Day, Bendigo Bet Bot, Dunolly CathcmieReof United Claim holders, Bendigo Do. (Mining;, Crushing, Drain nig), Bendigo Clunes, Clunes 17i,Clunes United, Clunes lJ.Comet, Bendigo ,15 Costerfield, Heathcote 20 Crinoliiio'Fros., Don'ly'sCk, 11 Derby, Maldon 1 Eaglehawk Asso , Maldon ., 1 |Do. Preference, Maldon 1 Do. Union, Maldon .. 1} Ellesmere, Bendigo 5 Eldorado, Lyro Bird Reef ., 1 Energetic, Bendigo Everting Star, Upper Dargo.. Golden Bower, Donovan's Ok. ¡.Grand Junction, Maldon j Great Britain, Bendigo Gt Extended Hustler's, Bon, Happy-go-Lucky, Stringor's Creek . Havilah, Inglewood .. Hazard, Alexandra .. Hercules, Bendigo Homeward Bound, Alexandra Hope, Wood's Point .. Hunt's, Wood's Point Hustler's Reef, Bendigo J. H. Conncss, Upper Dargo Johnson's Reef, Bendigo Lady Barkly, Bendigo Leviathan, Block River Linscott's Reef, Maldon Llouberns, Ballarat .. Malakoff, Steiglitz .. Morning Star (Prospecting), Woodspoint Nelson, Maldon 7i Nevor-mind (Prospecting), Wood's Point 20 Now Nerth Clunes .. Nil Desperandum, Raywood.. North Gipps Land, Stringer's North Hustler's Reef, Bondigo North Devonshire, Bendigo.. North Johnson's, Bendigo .. Ophir, Inglewood Prince ol Wale», Matlock .. 7J Royal Standard, Black Elver. 2000O - Sparrowhawk, Bendigo 2400 - 5- Speculation, Maldon 7000 1 South Ajax, Castlemaine .. 840 "10 ¡Stli. Crinoline Amalgamated, Donnelly's Creek 10 South Crinollno(nowissue)do \- Sir J. Franklin, Wood's Pt. 1 St. Mungo, Bendigo .. 10 Spccimoii-lilll, Daylesford .. 10 Steiglitz 10 Unity, Inglow ood a 40 Victoria, Clunes 26 Walhalla, Stringer's Crook \- Wellesley, Stringer's Crook.. 10 Wonderful, Daylesford \- 1 Young Chum, Bendigo 2000 1400 960 600 1200 \- 180 20000 8s -10s. 15a.-10s. 18-20 21-3 30-32 4s.-5a. 24-25 5-3 8Js.-101s. 2is.-5s. 2-21 08-101 7s.-Ss. 4Ji.-5JB. 10S.-128. 3s.-5s. 6-8 iPll 36 38 70-80 25-30 NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 6000 '1 2C00 8000 6400 20000 100 10000 24000 8000 46065 8000 .82000 1S00 3040 2400 20000 3000 2600 11000 1600 15000 14607 8000 8000] Alexandra Mining ^Crushing Black Horse, Egerton Barb, Egorton.. .. Bristol Reef, Fryers .. Buxton, Raywood Criterion, Clunes Durham, Maldon Eagle, Bendigo Flying Scud .. Golconda, Bendigo .. Kangaroo Bob, Gordons Koh-i-noor, Bendigo.. Longfellow, Stringer's London & Australian, Clunes Long Tunnel, Stringer's Mariner's Reef, Maryborough Newington . North Clunes Consols, Clunes Pioneer, Bendigo Pegleg, Bendigo QueerT Victoria, Canadians Smile of Fortuno, Wood's Pt Sarnia, Bendigo Sandy Creek, Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla. Tarrengower Nuggetty AM .ance, Maldon Tubal Cain, Stringer's Victoria Reef, Bendigo Victoria, Gordons Wellesley, Egerton .. ., White Horse, Egerton 8Î-41 5-5} 2Î-3 £5-261 2j>2} 9-91 2-2Î S-3Î 