SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. His Royal Highness tlic Duko of Edinburgh, is again a visitor to Victoria, Early in the month, in accordance with the programme arranged in England, tho Duke visited Western Australia. Whilst the Galatea' lay in Gage's Roads, the Prince visited Fremantle and Perth, and was everywhere received with the greatest enthusiasm. Unfortunately, however, Sir Benjamin Pine, the Go- vernor, -was not in the colony to receive the Prince, having returned from Galle to London in consequence of telegraphic intelligence of the death, of a near rela- tive. Government-house was also in disorder. In these untoward circum- stances the people did the best they could, and made up by the warmth of their welcome for any deficiencies that occurred. The Duke's stay in this isolated colony did not extend beyond four days, and then tho Galatea steamed direct for Adelaide, which she reached early on the morning of the 15th ultimo. In the meantime Sir James Fergusson, the new Governor of South Australia, had arrived at King George's Sound in the mail steamer, with the intention of proceeding' on to Mel- bourne, and from thence to the seat of Ms government. Hearing, however, of the presence of the Prince in Western Australia, and in the hope of arriving in Adelaide in time to receive him there, he proceeded by the branch steamer direct to Adelaide, landing there a few hours after His Royal Highness. The brief stay made by the Prince in the capital of South Australia was marked, as it was on his previous visit, by the most kindly demonstrations on the part of the people, and the few days the Duke spent on shore were filled up with excur- sions, races, balls, and other entertain- ments. The Galatea sailed thence on Sa- turday, the 20th ult., and on Monday, the 22nd, arrived off Port Phillip Heads, about noon, reaching Hobson's Bay some four or five hours afterwards. The Princo landed in the evening at Sandridge, and, íeceived by the Go- vernor, proceeded to Toorak-house. Beyond a profuse display of bunting, and the assembling of numbers of people at various points of the road, there was no show of welcome, although the colony is proud of its guest, and would willingly have shown, had it been proper, that it is so as markedly as when the Duke first landed here. Since then the Piince has been left to enjoy himself without ceremony. On Thurs- day evening, lio attended a bnU ylveu in the new Exhibition-building by Mr. Moubray (the mayor of Melbourne) and Mrs. Moubray, at which some 2,000 guests were assembled. On Friday he proceeded to Barwon-park, to enjoy rabbit shooting and the hospitalities of Mr. Thomas AïïstinT ile is to visit Geelong this week during the races. It- is probable that he ' will be present at a fancy - di ess ball to be given on Fiiday evening next on behalf of the Alfred Hospital; and in a few days afterwards the gallant Galatea will steam away for '"Sydney and the long round of ports of call in which she will drop anchor before again entering the English Channel. Pailiament assembled on the 11th ult., and on Tuesday last Mr. Mccul- loch, as Treasurer, delivered the budget speech. He spoke for four hours, and has to be credited with having made not merely the longest budget speech ever made in this colony, but also one of the clearest. Its accuracy has not yet been tested by criticism, because by some oversight on the part of the Opposition, a vote proposed by Mr, M'Culloch in the opening of his speech was agreed to without dis cussion, and thus the House was fairly committed to the considoratioi of the Estimate's before the grounds oi which they were based had been dis cussed. ' ne assured Parliament that thi finances of the country were in a souni condition. A balance from 1S67 ti the credit of 1,868 of £652 emly ha< been expected, but the actual sun brought forward was £57,169. Th total revenue for 1868 was £3,320,354 and the expendituie was £3,272,692 thus leaving a balance of £47,601 t the credit of 1869, He estimated the re venue for the current year at£3,241,50( and the repayments which had to be mad to the revenue would bring thesum avai able for expenditure to £3,294,161. H estimated that after providing £80,00 for interest on the proposed new loa the expenditure would be Bhoit of th revenue, and a sum of £1,119 would I left to be carried to the credit of 187( There had, he said, been an increase i the revenue of the Customs departmei of £30,737 in the first six weeks i the present year-a fact which he r garded as indicating an increase i trade, He intimated that it was n< >. :oi*onded to introduce any new ta ^.iîon during the present year, e ^-A.epting in the form of a piobate ai succession duties bill, from which small sum would be received which 1 had not taken into account. Ho tin justified the retrenchments the Gover ment had made in the civil service, 1 which there would be a saving in sal ries of £82,441, and of £71,484 contingencies, while the total sum whi< would have to be paid as compensate andallowanceswouldamount only tosoc £58,000. The sum thus saved, he adde would be available for 'public worl Incidentally, and while dealing wi the reductions contemplated in the vot for the volunteers, military, and defence the Treasurer stated that ßince 185G ti colony had spent £900,000 on purpos of defence. The year 1868, he said, had closed with the colony in a most satisfactory position ; it had entered on a course of prosperity -which nothing could stop. 1 Immigration, the Treasurer said, was about to receive the attention of the Government. It is proposed, we un- derstand, to appoint a small staff of ?well-informed agents, to labour in England in connexion with the agency of the colony in the organisation of a select immigration, such as will not swamp the labour market, and will in- troduce some little capital, as well as bone and sinew, into the colony. In connexion with1 this proposed effort to revive immigration, tenders for a monthly steam service between Eng- land and Victoria, via the Cape of Good Hope, have been called for,'the hope 1 being that such a service may be ar- ranged so as to remove the prejudices of immigrants against this colony on the score of the time, the cost, aud the expense of the journey as compared with the shorter voyage to America. That there is ample field for settlers here is proved by the extensive settle- ment now going on under the provi- sions of tho 42nd clause of the Amend- ing ' Land Act. The diggings, also, continue to yield an average amount of gold, while the fact that they are far from being exhausted Í3 shown by the circumstance that the largest nugget ever yet found in Australia was ¡disinterred during the month near Moliagul j (Dunolly district), by two Cornish miners. It,weighed¡not less than 2,2G8oz. lOdwt. 14gr. of pure gold jWhen cleaned 23car. 2|gr. fine, was got within two inches of the surface, and was named "The Welcome Stranger." As soon as the Supply Bill now before the Upper House (having been passed by the Assembly) and the Es- timates have been disposed of, the new Land Bill will be introduced by Mr. Grant. It will, it is understood, limit tho tenure of the squatters to annual licences, and extend the operation of the 42nd clause-or, in other words, free selection before survey-all over the colony. The Minister of Justice has given notice of his intention to bring in his comprehensive County Courts Bill, which will also deal with the question of insolvency. Mr. Iliginbotham (who has formally resigned his connexion with the Cabinet) has introduced a bill to protect the property of married women, which, if carried, will create an extraordinary change of the existing law, and one likely to lead to considerable confusion. It is founded on the bill lately introduced in the House of Commons on the same sub- ject. i Mr. Sullivan has succeeded Mr. Higin botham as Vice-President of the Board of Land and Works. The Hon. John M'Crae, M.L.C., has accepted a seat in the Cabinet as Minister of Public Works, ana --.. .n..v^»i... ..>-- iii-i...j .-- -?. Upper House. He was re-elected with- out opposition for the South-Western , Province. Mr. N. Levi has revived his petition (which lapsed by the proroga- tion of Parliament) against the election of Mr. Wl A. C. A'Beckett for the South Province,' on the ground of in- sufficient cmalification. In the Lowei House,' Mr. T., M'Combie (a very old colonist) is likely to retire, on the ground of ill-health, and to revisit Eng 'land. , Her Majesty's steam transport Hima- laya visited Hobson's Bay in the course of the month, on her voyage from Galle to New Zealand, and after a short staj for supplies, proceeded on her route or the 20th ult., sailing for Wellingtoi direct. From New Zealand she'return to Sydney, with the 18th Royal Irish and then goes home to England wit] the 50th Regiment. The inclusion of a number of clistin guished Australasians in the extendei Order of St. Michael and St. George and the knighthood of some well-knowi gentlemen in the neighbouring colonies has been received here with satisfac tion. i The end of the great Darling enies tion has now been reached, the Supple mentary Estimates for 1868 con tainui, a sum of £4,143, ¿lue as arrears to ou late Governor-a sum which the As se'mbly has voted. SOCIAL. The îeport of tLe Royal Commission on tlio subject of the payment of members has been presented to Parliament. The commissioners lind that at " the present time the representa- tives oí tho people are compensated for their attendance in the Legislature in ovory coun- try where Pailiamentaiy government is in operation, with the exception of England, ceifcain colonies of England, the Ropublic of Switzerland, and the kingdom of Italy." They add, however, that "in those countries where payment prevails, the amount paid and tho conditions of payment vary widely." The report contains much interesting matter* based upon original documents, with regard to the practico in the countries mentioned, and leaves the conclusion to be drawn by the Government and the publie.; The Government, in tho course of their work of retrenchment, have decided to dis- pense with the services of Mr. James Smith, the Parliamentary librarian, the duties of that office in future to bo undertaken by the clerk-assistant of the Legislative Assembly. In1 a discussion that took place on the sub- ject in the Assembly, "many members took the opportunity to pass a high' tribute of com mondation on the manner i in which Mr. Smith had fulfilled tiro duties of his, office. A return of the imports andi exports for 1SC8 shows that the total value of the exports was £15,503,090. The wool exported was valued at £4,567,182 : the gold (in specie) at £507, CG2 ; Victorian gold, £e,G29,465; other gold. £1,213,732 ; potatoes, £54,0SG ; tallow, £160,000. Among tho imports were the following :-Woollen piece goods, £939,950; tea, £700,171 ; apparel and slops, £2/0,302 ; bottled beer, £204,443 j and boots and shoes, £413,225. , , , Some months ago a charge of perjury, after- wards found to be groundless, was preferred against Mr. John Flannagan, architect and surveyor, in relation to some evidence given by him before the Supreme Court., As the circumstances of tho coso prevented Mr. Flannagan from obtaining from his accusers the redress to which ho ^yas entitled, a large number of his friends amongst the commer- cial, and professional community recently presented him with an illuminated address, m testimony of their sympathy and undi minished esteem. ' Tlie late postmaster of Ballarat, J. H. N. King, who at tho last Circuit Court pleaded Guilty ' to the charge of embezzling Go- vernment money, has been sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. The contractors for the construction of the Geelong and Ballarat, Railway. Messrs. Wil- liams and Littlo, have handed in to the Go- vernment a detailed statement of their claims. The total amount exceeds £300,000. The mau John Tittle, who was brought rom Sydney to Melbourne, on the charge of orging a cheque for £1,600, in the namo of Landale Brothers, drawn on the National Bank, Melbourne, and cashed there, was tricd_ at tho lost Criminal Sessions, and acepiitted, the jury apparently having some doubt about his identity. A charge of murder has been preferred against a young man named Hugo Levingcr, late supercargo on board the schooner Young Australia, trading between Queensland and the Fiji Islands The circumstances of the crime seem to be, that on board this ship, on her last trading voyage, a number, of natives weie taken, and that they were so ill-used that, on or about the 20th December last, ?while the ship was on the high seas, three of them died-or, in otber words, were killed by the ill-treatment tbey received. The cap- tain and his chief officer are in custody, m Sydney, on the capital charge ; and Lcvmgor was arrested in Melbourne Upon information leccived from Sydney, and has been com- mitted for trial. The first annual meeting of the So- ciety for the Assistance of Educated Persons in Distressed Circumstances, was held about a fortnight ago. This so- ciety, which carno into existence about a year ago, and was designed to aid persons of education whom accident, illness, or mis- fortune had reduced to destitution, seems to have done good service. From tho com- mittee's report it appears that over 300 appli cations have been received during the ten months that the society has been in opera- tion, ,that eighty-five persons (fifty seven males and twenty-eight females) have been aided, and that £331 13s. 4el. has been ex- pended in affording such aid. The donations and subscriptions to the society during the past twelvo months amounted to £370 11s. Id. Mr. F. G. Smith left the colony on the ICth February for Adelaide, to assume chai go of the colonial establishments of the Bank of South Australia. Before leaving, Mr. Smith received several marked and very flattering testimonials of the esteem in which ho was held by his brother bankers, by his neigh- bours at St. Kilda, and by a large section of the public. The discovery of another diamond in the Beechworth district is reported. It was found in the claim of the Wellington Company, Eldorado. It is stated to bo the largest yet obtained, but it is not pure in colour. Mr. J. C. Ilelm, who for some years past has been practising at Sandhurst, has been appointed deputy county court judge forGipps Land. From Queensland we hear of another out- rage of an atrocious character committed by the blackfellows near Lako Elphinstone. They attacked and murdered a shepherd who was tending some sheep on the borders of the lake, and they afterwards drove the Hock into the bush. ' The ce-remonies of reception and profession were celebrated on February 2, at the Nichol- son-street convent, when three postulants were admitted as novices, and two young ladies, who had passed through the novitiate, received the black veil. The ceremony was conducted by the Right Rev. Bishop Goold, and the Most llev. the Archbishop of Sydney, many other ecclesiastics, wero present. An unfortunate man, named Robert Cum- ming, was burned to death a week ago in a fire which occurred in some outbuildings at the back of Hotbam-terraco, East Melbourne. A step in a now direction has been taken by the residents of Belfast, where a move- ment has been initiated for levying a propel ty tax throughout tho shire and borough, for the purpose of effecting some improvements to the harbour, such contribution to go to supplement future Government grants It appears that future works of water supply and other similar public woiks of alocal character will bo constructed on a similar system, the Government subsidising the woiks in a used 1)rMt4ttQ*tei% wiattsi jdW teto _ der of Mr. Chealo, manager of a mine at St Arnaud, by a man named Vair or Vere, and the escape of the muiderer. Up to the present time, in spite of an unremitting search, the murderer has managed to elude capture, i The presence of salmon in the Derwent, Tasmania, is again asserted, this time on the authority of Mr. Charles Mathews, of Now Norfolk, who states that ho has seen them recently near Deep Gully, in a spot whero tho late Mr. Ramsbottom expected they would be seen early on their return to the river. Mr. Thos. Brodribb, M.A , of London Uni- versity, has been appointed inspector of com- mon schools. Mr. Brodribb was formerly employed in the office of the Education Com- mittee of the Privy Council, IA case of murder took place nearly a month ago, near Ararat. The murderer, Reynolds, a negro, was employed as cook on the Amphi- theatre-station, and was paying his addrosses to an elderly woman named Honrys, also engaged there. lier son, aged twenty-three, objected to this proceeding, and the last time that Reynolds went to the woman's hut a quarrel subsequently ensued between the mother and the son. Young Henrys went I off into the bush followed by Reynolds, and a noise was heard afterwards in the direction whence the two men had gone. The next day Henrys was found dead, with a stab in his left breast. Reynolds, being arrested, admitted having gi von the stab with a small knife, but said it was in self-defence. He was committed for trial. Mention has been made in former summa- ries of the attempt at Maori ^presentation in the General Assembly of Now Zealand. Ono of¡ these members, Mete Kingi, has made' himself somewhat celebrated, and wo now read that at a recent banquet given to his Excellency the Governor at Lyttelton, Mete Kingi, overilowing with loyalty, self-assertion, and otber influences of a moro specially post- prandial character, spoke as follows :-"Salu- tations. There aie no Maories here present. Tho Governor brought me hero, and I have seen great things here. When the Governor ?went to Wanganui they did not do him honour. I was tho only one who gavo him a dinner. (Laughter.) I gavo him a fowl and a glass of wine. I have many titles. I am teacher of religion, assessor, a general mem- ber of the House ; but I was told I should bo a son of the Queen, iand I am lying undor her feet. I will always bo a soldier of the Queen. You European people, I tell you, if Te Kooti and Tito Kowara aro killed thoio will be peace ; but if not there will always bo strife. (He saug a song.) This song is my affection foryou,'' The diiïïculty to which proprietors of slock have been reduced by the want of water and grass consequent on the,drought of the early summer, is strongly shown hythe following advertisement found in a country paper ; "To be given away, 1,000 owes, from four tooth to aged, with 95 por ceut. increase of laihbs. The lambs will bo sold cheap-owes given in ; or flour, wheat, oats, potatoes, &o.;, in exchange. Apply,to," &c.; , The usual scourge of the Australian sum- mer-bush fires-has this season caused a great extent of damage beyond that we re- ported last month. At Colac, a very large extent of country, principally pastoral, has been swept ; many destructive fires have raged along tho coast between Cape Otway and Port Fairy ; and on Sunday week a large number of farmers, at and near Bullarook bad their places utterly devas- tated. In many cases the fences and the whole produco of the yeai's harvest were consumed, and tho unfortunate landholders deprived of everything they possessed. By the arrival of the Blackwall steamship Somcrsetshireand the steam troop- ship Hima- laya, the news by tho mail this monta was to some oxtent anticipated. , Tho Somersetshire airivcd on the 12th February, with London papers to the 9th December, five days laten than those brought by the former mail, and two days later the Himalaya carno > in from Galle with English journals to the 18th December, or nine days later than those brought by the Somersetshire. > t The ship Investigator, with the submarine cable from this colony to Tasmania, is ex- pected here about the middle of this month, and'the electricians who are to lay it are to arrive by the mail steamer. iTlio work of lay- ing it will be at once commenced. i < About three weeks ago, a strange sight was witnessed in the River Yarra, myriads of small fishes being seen on the surface of the water gasping for air, and apparently poi- soned by some noxious clement in the water. The belief arose that the How of some refuse from some of tho factories on tho bunks of tho stream bad poisoned tho fish, and the attention of the City Corpoia tion and of the Anglers' Society was drawn to tho matter. From the fact, however, that a similar phenomenon, has been observed in tho Campaspe, tho Loddon, and other streams,.m any aro disposed to think that this destruction of fish life was caused by some electric condition of the atmosphere and water dependent ou the -violent thunder- storms that occurred about that time through- out tho colony. A case of murder and suicide occurred on 20th January at Spring Creek, where a man named Harry Hansford, after a quarrel with a woman named Ellen Thomas, who lived with him, cut her thioat and then his own. i Tho crime was of a peculiarly unromantic, i matter-of-fact character. After a violent altercation between theraan'and the woman, i ho walked up behind her as she was handing I a glass of lemonade to a customer at theil ? shanty, and cut her tlnoat with a razor. She 1 fell down, and ho then deliberately cut his . own throat with the same instrument. They wero both dead within a few minutes. The departure of a large number of Chinese j from the gold-fields of the colony is accounted ' fen by tho scatemont that the Imperial Chiucso i Government bas caused letters to be written i to Australia and California, offering great in I ducements to skilled miners to go home and work on recently-discovered Chinese gold ' lields. ' The drought which prevailed at the eaily part of the summor, and occasioned so much ! inconvenience and alarm in tho pastoral dis- tricts of the colony, has entirely broken up. Since last month we have had many heavy thunderstorms, and large quantities of rain have fallen throughout the country. ' This chance has materially relieved tho difficulties occasioned by the previous state of things, and has been welcomed by squatters and farmers alike. Nevertheless, 'we have had some very hot days occasionally, and on the 19th February the thormometcr in Melbourne reached 100-8deg. in tho shade and 137'ldcg. in the sun. , The lost mail brought out despatches to somo of the colonies conferring distinctions on some prominent colonists: New South "Wajcs, so far as at piesent appears, was the most favoured of the colonies m this respect The lion. James Martin, the lato Chief Secre- tary, and Mr. Terence Aubrey Murray, the President of the Legislative Council, have re- ceived thorank of knighthood, andMr. Charles Cowper and Mr. J. li. Darvall were created Companions of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. Tho latter distinction was bo stowed upon Dr. Ferdinand von Mueller, the director of the Molbourno Botanic-gardens, in recognition, it may be assumed, of his valuable labours in the interests of botamo science. The Speaker of the House of Assem bly of Tasmania, the Hon. Robert Officer, has also received the dignity of knighthood, for his "long and valuable services in connexion with the administration of the public affairs of the colony." 1 The passengers by the ship Tornado, fiom Liverpool, who wero left at tho sanatory station, Point Nepean, being now thoroughly convalescent, have been brought up to Mel- bourne. The screw steamer Otago, lately the pro- perty of tho Panama Company, was offered for sale by auction, and the biddings ran up to £12,600 ; but the reserve being Somo £1,300 higher, the vessel was not sold. She goes on to Fiji and Japan in a few days It ¡,ecms from somo remarks made in Par- liament that the Essendon Railway will not be opened for traffic for several months to como, , i !_ An_ omnibus company has been for some time in existence in Melbourne, for the pur- pose of providing omnibus accommodation for tho public. They propose whou in full working older to have about fifty omnibuses and COO horses employed, and it is to be hoped that our present primitivo and incon- venient street cars will be shoitly replaced by mole commodious vehicles. ' A deplorable accident occurred in the bay on Saturday, -Fcbiuary 20. Mr. E. îf. Con radi, awcll-ltnown stevedore, with his two sons, aged respectfully eight and six years, accompanied by his foreman, ,JW>ort Last ca town, left that place between six and seven o'clock on Satuiday morning, in the Clutha, a large deck-boat, about ten tons burthen, on a fishing excursion down the bay. It appears that they sailed round to tho south side of Williamstown, about a mile from the shore, and were engaged in fishing up till half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, tvhonthey wero last seen, A squall shortly afterwards swept over the place, and the evidence seems to show that the Clutha was struck by it and lay over on her side, when, having filled, she must have sunk. The boat was afterwards found and raised, and thiee of the bodies have been since recoveied. [The foundation-stone of a now Roman Catholic church, at the corner of Reilly and nicholson streets, Fitzroy, has been laid, the Right Rev, Bishop Goold performing the ceremony. It is to accommodate 400 persons, and to cost £1,200. IA grand complimentary banquet was given on the 17th February, at Geelong, to the Hon. Charles Sladen, M.L.C, on tho occasion of his intended departure for Europe. There was a numerous attendance, about 130 per- sons being present, and the proceedings throughout were characterised by tho greatest enthusiasm. Dr. It. C. Hope, M L.C., pre- sided. The Bishop of Melbourne and a large number of the piofcssional gentlemen and residents of the town were piesent. At the conclusion of the dinner tho usual loyal toasts wero proposed, after which tho chair- man proposed the toast of " The Guest of the Evening," amidst ropeated applause. Having briefly îeferred, in eulogistic terms, to Mr. Sladcn's career amongst them as a private and a public man, he read on address to him to which the signatures of over eighty gentlemen residing in the locality wore ap- pended. Mr. Sladen responded, expressing his interest in the colony, and his intention to return to it as his home. Mr. Sladen sailed by the Essex on the 22nd February. The question whether a certain disease which had made its appearance in Melbourne and other places was small-pox or chicken pox was at the date of our former summary dividing the doctors of Melbourne At length the chief medical officer, who had for some time taken the latter view, became convinced that in some cases the disease was small-pox. Two of the patients died, but to the present day many of our leading medical men deny that in any case, save that of a man who was brought ashore from the ship Avon Vale, was the disease genuine small-pox. But at any rate it is satisfactory to be able to state that whatever it was it has not ex- tended, and has yieldcd to the method adopted for its extinction. In the meantime the colony has had to suffer the temporary inconvenience of being treated as suspected by the adjoining colonies, who have enforced quarantine regulations upon vessels arriving in their ports from Melbourne. Tho report of tho ongineer-iivchicf (Mr. Hikinbotbam) on i tho water, supply works, togetl)ei .with Mr, Chiistonhcrson's; reply, and tho reports of Mr. A. K. Smith, MrL TJlackburn, and Mr. Adams, has been laid before Parliament. The report of Mr. Higinbotham is very unfavourable to the manner in which tho works have been carried out. AVith a viotv, apparently, of endeavouring to form some opinion them- selves upon a matter on which the professional authorities very much disagree, the Ministers have during tho month ninkle excursions to tho"works at tho Coliban and at Stony Creek. It is said that a com- mission, partly composed of professional men, is to bo appointed to examino the Coliban waterworks, and all tho works connected with them, and also to report on tho chargosof Mr. Higinbotham and the reply of Mr, Chris topperson., A select committee of the Legis- lative Assembly has also been appointed by ballot to consider tho matter, rending a decision it is gratifying 'to know that the works aro at once to bo resumed, and tenders are | called for in connoxion with, and for the completion of, those in connoxion with Geelong, Castlemaine, and Sandhurst. Tho new Governor of South Australia, Sii James Fergusson, am i ved at Adelaido by the branch steamer Rangatira on the 15th Feb- ruary. Sir James had intended to come on to Melbourne by the Avoca; but learning at Kink George's ¡sound that the Duko of Edin- burgh was in Western Australia, he deter- mined to go straight to Adelaide. Ho arrived there in timo to leam that tbo Galatea had reached tho port a few hours before him. Sir James received a cordial welcome, and was presented with addresses of congratulation on his safe arrival. Wo moro recently hear thal Sir James Fergusson has made a most favour- able impression on the inhabitants of the neighbouring province. On Thursday a pieco of gold weighing ten pennyweights was picked up in the roadway opposite Murphy's Hotel, Castle- maine. It, was separated from a piece of quartz, which a cart-wheel had crushed in passing over. A few days since a pretty little nugget was picked up in the roadway opposite the Criterion Hotel. It is well known that the Chewton-road, which is spread in some parts with quartz tailings, is sufficiently auri- ferous toinduce the Chineso to sweep it atnight as clean as the floor of a good housowife's kitchen, and it is said they are well repaid for the danger and trouble incurred in tho opera- tion. " Streets paved with gold ! Such was the statement," says the Castlemaine Daily News, " that appeared in some of the English papers a few years ago, in referenco to Victoria, and far-fetched as the remark was, it may bo seen thnt it was not altogether untrue." Commandor W. II. Norman, late of H.M.C S S. Victoria, has been appointed to take charge of tho ironclad Cerbems, and bring her out to this colony. He goes home for that purpose by the mail steamer. Intelligence was received in town on Thurs- day from Poit MacDonnell of the death of Captain Geo, Beynon, of tho schooner Gem. | Captain Beynon has been well known in the coasting trade of this port for many years. He brought out the schooner Melbourne to this port m 1833 or 1854, and was placed by Messrs. Pigott Brothers in charge of the schooner Jet, and in the employment of this firm ho has over sinco continued. Tho im- mediate causo of Captain Beynon's death was paralysis. In tho Estimates provision is mode for another County Court judge from the 1st April next, at £1,500 per annum. Wo pre- sume Mr. Bmdon will bo appointed to the new office The death of Dr. de Böhm, formerly of this city, is reported from Fiji. Ile sailed for these islands some months ago, for the pur- pose of erecting machinciy for the crushing of oil from cotton seeds, his companion in the venture being Mr. Rentsh, formerly the ßwiss consul here. Their machinery had just been erected when Dr. do Böhm died, of congestion of the brain, Mrs. do Böhm left the colony only a few days ago by the brig Alfred to join her husband. SECOND VISIT OF H.lt.H. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH TO AUSTRALIA. According to the expectations which we bad been led to entertain, His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh has paid a second visit to Australia, and is now among us in Victoria. The Prince first went to Western Australia, where he had never been before, and of course the proceedings had more the character of a royal visit than elsewhere. Our English readers are perhaps aware that Western Aus- tralia is the moro skeleton of a colony which for some years has been the last of the Aus- tralian ponai settlements, The Prince's ship, H.M.S.S. Galatea, arrived off Fremantle (the port at tho mouth of the Swan River) on the 3rd February. He was received on land- ing with the greatest enthusiasm. From Fremantle ho drove to Perth, but the ar- rangements were defective ; His Royal High- ness was not made awaro of the preparations the people along the road had made to give him welcome; and so, as'lie drove fast and the dust -was very blinding, the people saw little'of the Queen's son. In tho absence of the Governor, tho Acting-Governor rccoived and entertained the Prince at Government house. A few excursions were made in the neighbourhood, some addresses were pre- sented, and in three days tho Duke was at Fremantle again, from whence the Galatea steamed direct to Adelaido, not calling at King George's Sound. | The next place which the Prince visited was Adelaide. There he had been expected, but not so soon. ' Early on the morning of tho 10th February the city was stirred with the news that tho Galatea was coming up the r^-And'in thaïn^1? bocamo a *»«> ol *KÄÄ>Colonel Hamloy and boarded tK£ -T li»T to G'«1"^ As luck would have it, the now Governor, Sir James Fergusson arrived by the branoh mail steamer on the same day, and by the double atrivalthecitizcnsof Adelaido were wroughtup toahigh pitch of excitement. The whole party, the Prince and the late acting and present Governors, appeared at the Theatre Royal in tho evening, and experienced a war m welcome. Next day the Prince appealed in public, and was allowed to enjoy himself without much interference. In the afternoon he gracefully paid a visit to Lady Daly^the widow of Sir Dominic Daly, the late Governor, and His Royal Highness's host when in Adelaido before. On Wednesday he .visited Mo- rialta, the residence of the Hon. J. Bakor, and di ove thi'ough the neighbour- hood, which was familiar to him. In the evening he attended a citizens' ball, at which tliere was a splendid gathering of somo 500 péisons. On Thursday ho proceeded withia number of the most prominent officials and other distinguished residonts to Port Ade- laide, whero ho laid the foundation of the Sailors' Home. On Friday he attended a race meeting, got up specially for his pleasure, and on Satuiday morning sailed for Mel- bourne. On the Monday following began the Prince s second visit to Victoria. Complying with the warnings against public displays, thore was on the part of the public a general refraining from anything that should Tcad_ the Prince to suppose that ho was a formal visitor. Thero was no grand reception, and only some,4,000 or5,000 poisons went down to Sandridgo to witness tho landing. A curious contretemps marlced this event. It was intended that His Royal Highness should land as pri- vately as possiblo, but nevoitheless a troop of mounted police were sent to escort him, and it was arranged that His Excellency's carriage should come to the pier to fetch him. Unfortunately, through some mistake, tho Prince landed at the wrong pier. The bulk of the people were waiting on tho railway pier, whereas nis Royal Uighnoss's barge m ado for the town pier. As soon as tho barge's destination becamo evident thero was a stampede to the town pier, and boforo the police could got to their station the Princo bad landed, and was soon pressed about by a throng of some hundreds of persons, cheonng him lustily. Captain Standish, chief com- missioner of police, proved equal to tho occa- sion, and extemporised tho plan of taking the Prince to an adjoining hotel, whore ho remained, till His JExcelloncy carno iu his carriage to carry his illustrious visitor home. It is agrceablo to find that since then our Royal visitor has been loft completely free, nnd has driven about tho city and suburbs just as a private citizen might do. On Mon- day, the day of his arrival, ho dined at Toorak ; on Tuesday ho dined at the Mel- bourne Club ; on Wednesday he went to tho thqatre, whero an immenso audience chcorod him to the echo ; on Thursday he attended thq Mayor's Ball, at which 2,000 persons were , present ; on Friday ho went through Geelong to Barwon-park' lo have some rabbit-shoot- ing1, and since then his movements have been private., This week he is expected to'dine with the members of Parliament at Toorak, to go, by railway to Echuca and enjoy a littlo shooting at Lake Moira, on tho Murray, and afterwards to attend the Geelong races. Ho is expected in Sydney on the 12ch , inst. _ m ' OPENING OF PARLIAMENT. The second session of the sixth Parliament of Victoria was opened on Thursday, tho 11th February, with the usual ceremonies, by His Excellency the Governor. Having on tered the Council chambor shoitly after two o'clock, and tho Speaker and mombors of the Legislative Assembly having, in obedionco to his I summons, attended at tho bar of tho Upper House, His Excellency road the Vice- regal speech, which was as follows : " Mr. President and Hon, Gentlemen of tho Legislativo Council : ' " " Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of tho Legis- lative Assembly t " I have colled you together for tho trans- action of business as early as the preparation of tho measures to bo submitted to you would allow. " During tho recess considerable retrench- ments have been effected, thereby rendering available'a larger proportion of the revenue for works of public utility. " The works already undertaken for water supply bave been û ¡subject of anxious consi s 1 I « » . 1 deration and careful scrutiny. An investiga- tion into their condition, method, and cost of construction, has beon instituted by my ad- visers. The result of the inquiry, so far as it lias proceeded, will be laid before you. Fut ther investigation is necessary, hut meanwhile thero exists no reason for delayiiiK the com- pletion of theso important works. "The successful issue in the colony of tho loan for the construction of public works is highly satisfactory, There can bo no bettor proof of conSdcnco in the resources and credit of the country, as well as in the scheme to which the money is to be applied, and of the growing wealth and prospenty of the people. Tho debentures issued under tho authority of tho enactment of last session, for raising a loan for railway purposes, havo been trans- mitted to London, and there is reason to hope that the negotiation will bo successful. "lam happy to be able to congratulate you on the general prosperity of tho country, The harvest is abundant, the yield of gold is increasing, tho financial and commercial con- dition of the colony is sound, and there an undoubted indications of industrial progress. "Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis lativo Assembly : " The Ealim.ttes for the year will be sub- mitted to you. They havo buen prepare! nftor a cat etui îeconstruction of departments .with a view of diminishing tho expenditur 'thereon without impairing tho efficiency o tho public service, " Mr. President and Honourable Gentle men of the Legislative Council : " Mr. Speaker aud Gentlemen of tho Legis lativo Assembly : "Further legislation for tho control am disposal of the waste lands of tho Crown i iiecessaiy. A meastuo will be laid before yoi for the purposo of extending tho beneficia operation of the oxistin« laws, in so far a they relate to agricultural settlement and fo determining the conditions of pastoral occu pation. , " You will bo invited to considor the que; tion of communication with Europe ,by th establishment of a postal and passenger soi vico via the Capo of Good Hopo, which wi! bo an important clement for your considero tion in connexion with the immigration re gulations to bo laid before you when th necessary information shall havo been ol taincd from the agent-general. "Measures wili" bo submitted for the it spection of mines, and the cnfoicement o due care in mining operations ; for amène ment of the laws relating to mining coït panies and mining property, whereby th regulations under which auriferous lands mo bo acquhed shall he simplified ; for effectiu better arrangements for defraying the co; of draining quartz reefs, and for legalisin contracts between miners and tho holders < private property. " Experience in tho working of municipi institutions, which have conduced so great! to our social progress, has shown the dire' tion in which they may bo amended an improved. Your-attontion will bo directe to measures for an amendment of the lav relating to local government. "A laudable disposition bos been show by somo districts to prosecute for themselw remuneiative public works. You will, I a sure, îeadily afford every facility for ti development of local enterprise and tL encouragement of a spirit of"self-ïoliance. measure wich this intention will be sit mitted to you, for enabling local bodies ' undertake such woiks with tho assistance the state. " Bills will ho submitted to you for ti amendment of the law of insolvoncy, f conferring upon' county counts a liraiti equitable and ecclesiastical jurisdiction, f tho amendment of the criminal law, for ti collection of Crown fees by stamps, for ii posing a succession and probate duty, and f tha regulation of the police force. "A measure for tho amendment of t! "Wines, Beer, and Spirits Salo Statute, 18C will bo submitted to you. "Youwill also bo invited to amend t! laws relating to diseases in animals, impoun ing, fencing, and abattoirs. " I trust that your deliberations mo under tho blessing of Divine Provident, conduce to the permanent prosperity ai happiness of the people." At tho conclusion of the speech, His Exe ks^eTrrûiy"iiJeiPad thftj- ctielativfl/lniinnil n noon, and agreed to an address in reply the Governor's speech-the matter giving r. to very little debate. In the Council, on t following Tuesday, thero was somo debate tho address,-which was, however, agreed without opposition, THE TREASURER'S FINANCIAL I STATEMENT. I Tho Tieasurer, Mr. M'Culloch, made 1Ù3 financial statement on Tuesday, tho 24th Feb- ruary, in Committoo of Supply. Ho was glad, he said, to be able to state that tho balance sheet ho had to piesontto the House was indi- cative of great prosperity and of very elastic resources. This fact he atti United partly to the new fiscal policy initiated by the Assembly, and partly to the satisfactory working of the Land Act, by which such a laigo number of persons had boon settled on the land, not only producing food for the whole country, but enabling us, as ho believed would be the case this year, to be exporters of gTain to the wholo world. Reverting to the financial statement of 1867, he reminded the Houso that upon a provious occasion he had estimated the balance from 1807 to the credit of 18C8 at £G52. Instead of that, trilling amount, however, they had, now that tho accounts had boen finally closed, a, balance of £57,109. Coming to the finance account for the yoar 1868, it would bo found that, besides tho balance already mentioned from 18(57, there had been 'actually received up to tho 31st January £3,129,473 ; the pio bablo fui ther receipts were £40,000 ¡ repayment to the credit of the railway oxpendituro account, £15,872 ; to bo recouped out of the graving dock loan, £G9,840 ; and Carver's de- ficiency, to be recovered from tho Guaran- tee Society, ' £2,000 ; making the total icvenuo for the year iS-1.320,334. The total cxponditmo had been £^.272,693, leaving a balance to the credit of tho present year of £47,061. Tho revenuo forl8G8 was £5,945 more than ho had estimatod, and the balance) from 1807 £30,517 moro than ho had calculated upon. The total savings on tho year 18C8 amounted to £80,991. Of this amount the savings on public works wero only £10,039, and theso wero on unimportant works, which either wore not required or could not bo carried out. Having compared in de- tail the actual amounts received for 1868 with the estimated revonuo, Mr. M'Culloch said thoy started the present year with a balance of £47,001 ; the estimatod revenuo for 1809 was £3,241,000 ; and thom wore repaymonts to bo mado from the police and pontf dopartmonts of £6,000, making tho total amount avail- able for the expenditure of tho present year £3,294,101, Tho ostimated expenditure under vptcs.wos £2,214,385, and undor tho head of special appiopriations £1,078,Q57, leaving a balancoof £1,119 tobo carried oVor to tho credit of 1870. The special appropriations , wero some £80,000 more than ia ijue preceding year, and this was caused by tho necessity for making provision for the paymont of the interest on 'the proposed new railway loani The total estimated revenue for 1809 from the Customs was £T(335,000¡ from excise, £75,2"00; from territorial sources,,£803,500 ¡'from pub- lic woiks, £697,600 ; from ports and harbours, £17¡500 ; from postago,"£l2O,000'i from fens, £78,350; from lines, £5,350 ; and from mis- cellaneous, £49,000; - making the gross amount, as before stated, £3,241,500, Ile ie marked that during the first six weeks of the| present year, tho increaso on Cus- toms duties alone, as compared with tho liku period of the preceding year, was £30J737, so that if the incomo from this source continued as favourable during the wholo of the year, tho, increaso on the Cus- toms alone, as compared with 1808, would bo about £250,000.' Ile,* therefore, felt confident that ho had undor rathor than ovor estimatod the rcvonue for tho current yeai). Tho hon.1 member referred at groat length to the operation of tho Land Act. Under section 12 of the Land Act of 18152 there was an Acreago taken up in 1865 of 1.537,901 producing a rental of £112,G97 ; in 1800\. 487.2U5 acres, at a rental of £157,698 ; in 18G7, 243,058 acres, at a rental of £149,358 ; in 1808, 303,110 acres, at a rental of £133,064 ; the I total rental of the four years being £562,817. Under section 42 of the present act there were taken up in 1865J 27,717 acres, producing a rental of £2,887 ; in'1800,175,114 acres, at a rental of £33,019 J '¡111807,181,000 j ! , . i . ? i .. ,. i. acres, ata tentai of£G4,20B: in 1808,159,409 acres at a rental of £78,124 ; the total quantity of land token up being 3,115,080 acres, yield- ing about £730,000 from this source. The total quantity of land forfeited undor both sections amounted to 1,270.8(50 acres, . which left 1,844,218 acres as tue quantity, of land fiom which rent was received. This land was being worked for bona fide purposes, and tho people aro sottling down, and making their homes upon tho land. They had expend«! very large amounts of money, and whon they calculated tho fc'eueral improvement of the land thoy found t hem complyine with tho conditions of the act In 18G5, there wero forfeited 219,258 ncres, disallowed 49.GC5; in 18G0, forfeited 230,978 acics, disallowed51,312 acres ; in 1867, forfeted 35G.806 acres, disallowed 25,300 ncies ; in '18G8, forfeitod 193,198 acres, dis-, allowed 30,315 acres-total quantity forfeited, l,002,000acies. (lion. Member.- "Amillion.") About one million actes had beon forfeited, which, hoMOVor, yielded about £100,000. This i money was paid to the state, and the land f at the samo time remained iu tho pOs-i. session of the Crown. Tho expendí-1 turo in improvements on. tho land he estimated at not less than , £2,000,000, Notwithstanding that so much land lind beon taken from the squatters, the rent from that body was only £20,000 less .than it was in , 1804\. The yield of gold, it was nlso satisf ac- . toi y to find, was increasing. In 18G3 the istimated at l,657,498o¡!,, showing an inorease for 18C8 over 1867 of 223,811oz., or a value of £805,214. In 1803 tho estimated value of tho . raining plant and machinery was ¿1,003,459 ; in 18G4, £1,406,009; in 1805, £3,773,271; in 1806, £2,008.027 ; in 1807, £2,079,103: in 1868, £2,350,432. From tho railways ho esti- mated a îovonue for 1809 of £600,000. There was no intention to introduce any fresh tax- ation during the present session. It was cer- tainly intended to introduce a probato and succession duties bill, from which a small - sum would bo received, but be had not taken that amount into consideration. The Go- vernment had applied themselves with, aU t earnestness to tho question of retrenchment in the various branches of the publio service, ? and had endeavoured to act as justly and as > fairly as was possible. Of course it was im- possible to carry out these * retrenchments without causing some amount of individual i suffering and hardship, but tho Ministry > had dono all that lay in their power > to mitigate this inconvenienco, and . to * deal as liborally as possible with those ' officers who had been obliged to loavo'the > setvice. Ho did not behove that tho per- > manent heads of, the departments weioat all 11 overpaid, for persons placed in positions'of trust and responsibility must receivo salaries' in some degrco propoi donate to tho duties ' lequired of thom. It was tho second, third, * and fourth classes which, in his opinion, de- manded moro especial attention. He did riot think the salaries of the fifth class could -bo touched, as the maximum was only £180. Tho Government had taken into consideration tho question of tho reduction of tho maximums mid minimums of tho three classes already named ; but as the Civil Service Act could not be altered this year, th« Government had ? resolved that the salaries for 1869 Bkonld're- > inain the same, and that that should bo con- sulted as compensating tho civil sorvants ' > for.tho losses which they incurred during the deadlock. Comparing the expenditure ifor 18GS in salaries and contingencies with that for the present year, it would be found that in salaries thero had been a saviug of £82,441, . and on contingencies a saving of £71,484 ; - making ,a total saving on salaries and . contingencies of £153,925. Tho Govdrhment had resolved to treat the civil sorvants and snpernumoratics alike in tho mattor of com- pensation, but it would bo distinctly under- . btood that porsons receiving this compensa- tion would forfeit all claim for ro-omnloy roent in tho civil service As somo of tho officers who had left the soi vice hadrecoived but very short notice, the Government would ask the House to vote six weeks' extra salary ' to these persons, in addition to tho com- pensation ,to which thoy woro entitled. This would amount to about £6,000, and tho total sum which might have to bo paid us fioitiDonsalion and extra salaries, would which had been eneccou, nu muu6u.i."-. be allowed that the country had mado a very good bargain. The saving of £153,925 which. ' had boen oft'eated would bo availablo notonly for publio works, but also to pay tho interest on the new railway loan. A sum of £30,000 would fthjp ho provided on the Estimates for l ( the assislauco of country districts undor- ' f taking publio works on their own''ac- count. The grant to road boards- wits still kept up toi tho original'amount of £lG0,00O, and £CO0 pqr mile would still be allowed for ' tho construction of roads, He did not think ' that the charitable institutionsiof tho country > were in . a satisfactory condition, and Jhe thought that the best plan would bo to roter ' the whole subject to a commission of intelli- ' gent num.! The'bon.1 member referred at length to tho details of the various branches ofi expenditure, showing the saving that ' had been made In the Volunteer force ' ho had effected a saving of £10,100. Tho volunteers, military, and defences, had .cost tho colony, since tho ond of 1856, close on £900,000, Tho colony, no doubt, must ho defended ; but bo thought ? it could bo done at a far less cost than had bjen tho case. In referonco to tho question of immigration, he said: "T como to the Question of immigration, which, although it oes not look large on tho Estimates, still is a question which is referred to in tho speech of Ilia Excellency, and is a question on which people aro veiy much divided. I desire to seo the population of this country increasing ; but I think that when tho population is in- creasing-incieasing, that is to say hy means of immigration-it becomes necessniy that wo should, at all events, tako, caro that wo got a good class of immigrants. There is a cor tain class of poisons who want immigration for tho sake of immigration-whoseek merely to bring ncoplo boro. .1 say that this is not tho sort of immigration that this oountry should pay for Unless wo can get good immigrant, wo shall be infinitely better without any. (Hoar, beor.) Thero may be such a thing as forcing too rapidly tho population of this country. We could bring largo numbors of people out hero in a single yoar, hut if tho popu- lation conies gradually, then thoy will pay the state the cost of bringing thom in the rovenuo thal is received from thom in the couiso of threo .or four years. »Wo have seen what has been tho effect in a neigh- ' bouring colony, under a system of immi- gration which has had tho off cot of sending out the voiy worst classes of porsons from home. It is not such a class ,of immi 'giants that tho pcoplo of this i colony would desire to have biought among thom. (Hçar, hear.) Let us havo a propor class of persons brought out, and then we may expect some good from their introduction.- Ii say . that "we should hesitate, and soo our way olearly, boforo we bring out peoplo to this colony at tho expense of'the colonists, I find, on rofeiring to the returns,' that tho airivals in this colony last year numbered, of , 'thoso wholly Unassisted, 30,000 ; partially as- sisted, 2,300 ; and wholly assisted, 3G7 ; the total was 32,801. Tho excess of arrivals over departures (luting the year was 7,290. What I desire to guard this llottso against is, that feeling that wo should get immigration by au means, without referonco to the class of im- migrants, anti'without reforonce to thoir cost to this colony. Wo havo in-these colonies, there is no doubt of it( a more industrious, more intelligent, class of working poople than thoy'havo in England, as .a whole, and I say that wo ought not to disturb this condition hero by Iii inging out a largo number of ii low class of immigrants." Ab ro the railway loan, ho bad no doubt but that, if our debentures aid not fetch a fair prico in tho , London market-and they would not bo sola unless they did-ho could make arrangamonta for satisfactorily placing tho whole of thora in this colony. Ho was at first informed by tho banks hero that tho loan could bo placed on the London market without any referonco to the recoipt'of the debchturcs ; but ho had since received a letter from the comrnitteo of the associated banks inLondon, stating that it was 'considered mostunadvisable to movoin the matter until tho debentureshad been received, and were ready to be issued. Tho,committee also objected to thö action of tho .Govern- ment in forwarding'in a sealed envelope the minimum at .which, the debentures wore to bo sold. Tho committee wished to fix the minfmum-themselves, but he objected to giving them any such power, and unless the loan was taken up at a satisfactory prico, it would be withdrawn. As showing tho flourish ing condition of Çhchcounjry, Jie mentioned that during the vpost?. year '"the' deposits in the Savings banks and in the Post office j, savings banks had increased by £163,000, J whilst at tho same timo the deposits in the general honks had increased by £789,872. "* In conclusion, he maintained that they closed the year 18G8 in the most satisfactory and flourishing condition in which it was possible for a country to be". ' Ile looked foiwaid to a long perioer of -prosperity for the people of this colony. Thero might be checks, but t nothing could prevent the progress of this i young and rising colony. ' I The debate upon the statement' was ad- | Journed till to-morrow ; but as there was no intention to oppose the Estimates as a whole, the Assembly has been ongaged during the past week in discussing the details of soveral of the departments. ' ' THE ESTIMATES FOR 1809. ' k. The Estimates of the revenue and expendi- ture' of the colony for tho year 18Q9 show a revenue of £3,241,500, and an expenditure of £3,293,042. Of this expenditure £631,040 is for salaries and wages, £631,770 for departmental contingencies, and "all other expenditure" is estimated at £1,010,907. The " special ap- propriations" amount to £1,078,656. Amongst the items of expenditure are the foUowing : In the Chief Secretary's department-Burial of destitute persons, £1,700 ; for roliof of destitute prisoners on discharge, £250; for the purchase of works of art, £200 ; for the pnrcbaso of paintings, £1,000 ; for tho Board of Agriculture, £6,000 ; purchase of books for mechanics' institutes or public libraries, £3,000'; to aid building funds of free libraries in'tho up-country districts, £1,000; commis- sions of inquiry, £600. In the Attornoy-Ge neral's department- Government analytical chemist, £300 ; for the defence of aboriginals, and others in certain cases, £500 ; for collect- ing and compiling the agricultural statistics, £1,400 ; for inspectors of scab for six months, £3,603. In tho deportment of tho Minister of Justice-Chinese interpreters and scribes on the gold-fields, £850 ; printing electoral lists and rolls, £2,250 ; coroners and coroners' inquests, £8,750 ; advertising, £7,000. In the Treasurer's department maintenance of boys, including clothing, bedding, stores, &c;, on board tho Nelson, £4,800 ; salary of the colonial agent- general, £1,500 ; rent and other expenses of the agent general, £2,000 ; military in garrison, £17,500; transport, £2,500 ; charitable institutions, £112,000 ; to pay certain licence fees to the shire of ¡Berwick, £130; to subsidise local bodies for works of wator-supply, £30,000 ; compensation to discharged officers not provided for by the i Civil Service Act, £14,500; gratuity of six 'weeks' »pay to reducod officers, £6,000. In the department of the Commissioner of' I Crown Lands and Survoy-temporary clorical assistance at Melbourno office, £2,534 ; on graving new map of Victoria, £250 ; wages of labourers in geodetic survey parties, £0,000 ; conveyance of geodotio surveyors' stores. apparatus, &c;, to the Gipps Land ranges and the New South Wales boundary, £500 ; for the preparation of licences and oxpenses » connected therewith, undor the 42nd clause "of- the Amending Land Act, £300; ex- pense .of publishing work on Australian plants, £150 ; to maintain public parks and gardens vested in the Board of Land and Works, £1,000 ; fencing and improving local public parks and gardens, £4,500; improve- ments of the gardens of Toorak in 1807, £149, In the department of tho Commissioner ot Public Works-dredging in the Yarra, £530 ; for dredging river and harbour improvements, dredges, &c;, in the Yana and Port Phillip Bay, £17,000; clearing the Murray, £4,0ü0; £ harbour of Belfast, £{,000 ; harbour of . Warrnambool, £2,000 ; for repairs to Sand- ridge jetty, £2,500 ; aid in the formation of an entrance to the Gipps Land lakes from the seo, £2,000; to remove the bar of the La Trobe River, £1,000; for abut- ments at the entrance of the liver, form- ing part of a system of road communication between Sandridge and Williamstown, £1,000 ; for a jetty at Bellerine, £500 ; for a jetty at Sandy Point, Western Port, £600 ; for a jetty at Mordialloc, £500 ; Lunatic Asylum, Ararat, £3,000; Lunatic Asylum, Beech- worth, £3,000 ; towards the metropolitan Lunatic Asylum, £45,000 ; works for reforma- tories and industrial schools, £3,500 ; erection of court-houses, £12,000; completion of ap- proaches, terraces, &c.;( at the Treasury, Mel- bourne, £4,000 ; repairs, fittings, and furni tiue of Parliament Houses, £6,000 ; erection of a mint, £15,000 ; new entrance gates and fences for Fitzroy and Flagstaff gardens, £1,100 ; for a powder magazine, £6,OO0 ; post and telegraph-office at Beechworth, £3,500 ; for a portico to the Public Library, £4,500 ; for the completion of the building for the equatorial tplescone £?si ? raiWin <im~w mm o^i uiups, *.¿¡¡W ; storm-water channel at Tarnagulla, £1,500; drainage at Geelong, £¿,500; and for drainage fiom the railway crossing at Emerald-hill to the Yarra £500. In the department of the Com-' missioner of Trade and Customs-for re- muneration to crews of lifeboats, and to meet extraordinary sorvices, £500: marine survey, £3,000 ; for the encourage- ment of whaling from Victorian ports, £1,000. In the department of the Postmaster-General -for desorted children in Sandhurst in dus trial schools, £3,090. In the department of the Commissioner of Railways-for the permanent survoy of linos not provided for by the [Railway Loan Act, £6,000. In the department of the Commissioner of Roads and Bridges-for clearing a track from Colac to the sea coast, £500 ; to complete a track from, Camperdown to tho soa coast, £500. In the department of the Minister of Mines for the discovery of gold-fields in 1867, £370. The Supplementary Estimates for 1868 amount to £30,485. They include arrears duo to Sir Charles Darling amounting to £4,143 The following is Mr. M'Culloch's abstract of the estimated Revenue of Victoria for 18G9: Customs.£1,335,000 Exolso r. 76,200 Territorial . 803,600 Jncomo from publlo works. 007,000 Torts and harbours. 17,600 Postage ¡. 120,000 Focs . 78,350 riiics and forfeitures. 6,850 Miscellaneous. ,40,000 Total amount .£3,2iifiÖO The following is the estimate of the returns fiom the various departments , No. I.-Customs. ' ' & Spirits.'. 410,000 Wlno . > 40,000 Boor and cider '.. .. _, ¡., ,, t. 28,0.09 Tobacco and snuff .. .. j.. .. 147,000 Cigaft ' .. '. ,. , 12,0001 Tea . . . .. ,72,000 Sugar and niolassoa .. .. ' . .. 72,000 CoUce, chicory,cocon, and chocolate.,. .. 14,000 Opium.i. 22,000 Illco ., ., (.. '.. .. 18,000 Hops . 7,600 Malt I. .. 4,600 Wharfage and harbour rates .. .. .. 03,000 Duties on «Blvor Murray goods, to bo col- lected by Now South Wales on behalf of Victoria.. ., .i ..! 20,0001 All other duties. 880,000 M"JV '' 1,835,000 No. n.-exoisp. _:_ Splr.ts distilled In Vlotorla .' fi5,000 Publicans* liconccs 1 i.i .. ,. ' .. 10,500 Auctioneers'; licences. 4 600 All othor licences f. 6,200 , x <"> , , 75,200 NO. III.1-TKRRlTOnUL ' ' -__ Proceeds of sales and receipts towards tho purchase of Crown lands, viz :-By auc- tion, £200,000 ;, accruing from routs and selections, £100,000. 800,000 Pastoral occupation, ¿to. . 178,000 Kents und licences . 247,600 Minors' riirlitB ., . 16,000 Business licences. 4,000 Leases of auriform« and mineral lands .. 80,000 Water right and Bowelling llconccs ,. ,. 1,000 NA IV.-Pobmo Wohks. 863,500 Ballway income .. '. 000,000 Water supply . 00,000 Klectrlo telegraph . 81,000 Toll reeclpta . COO 007,000 No v.-Pouts ju>d Harbours. Tonnago. 17,600 No, VI.-POSTiOB. .. 120,000 No. VIL-FKE8. - Supremo Court. 10,000 General Sessions and County Courts.. .. 8,000 Courts'of Mines. ,. ,. 050 Courts of Petty Sosatons .. .. ' .. 0,400 AU other fees .. ,.> .. 40,000 78,860 6,360 No, VIII.-FiNSS. Supremo Court. Courts of Potty Sessions All other flues and forfeitures. ) , No. IX.-MlBCRIAANEOUB. Bents (exclusivo of land) .. ., .. 2,300 Government printer ,. ' .. ' .. .. 0,000 ¿auour of prisoners ' .. ..' .. '.. 3,000 Storago of gunpowder I.* .. '.."".. '' 1,700 Sale ot.Qoyernment property .. .. ! .'. * i 0,000 All other receipts.; b ..! -. .. >..' 80,000 '".) l,Mr°iit!, , . ( u'l I <».W0 Total cstlmatodlrevoouo ¡. ..I .. 3,241,500 Tho following is nu abstract of tho Espoa diture, as estimated fot, tho service of year:- - r "I ,\\\ , ' tho PS. 'if S I S S a a S 3 SsêT pgB^II a gg.öa S S ES 3-g.S.g S'il w oooSoo5^S.n3/ bssJdbb. TSp nao C^o o a . ChIS m »t t i » i i i Poa of £ B o-S r " S .i ip ° *.. . . . ' . ë « " a ^o ' ¡V 'j uv W o fö'sisifegWri'gs 3otnt-»oöiöüji-»wB l-i WMM aoocaocncaif-coc&i;* <U lOOU-IOMOlHHl 03 S ?"* . Í3 ^ M .. »U- M] pi t$ M W^» O tí». Ot CO OÍ OS tí* O ^ i*, »t*. CO sn V i-» 00 00 OlV O ps 00(-"-lií*0»Oc»c3cj|-ICI p-í (-»M M (H OOOOOOOHOOM' OOOOOOMaCO^P* 2<? il o C3 w"<D OWM ¡^ CSV O " HOlQOOaiUU- . o HWOÜIONWO' * M OI-010&IOO; o? tf-OOOOOO-qo of W*fkOOtUC500WtÖ-3O o wjs » m J?i í-1 cn os to¿o ^ Vio-¿ w o cj-cio-b, V os-¿ w WtO-lt*»Cn~ÍOOÍñwo>M M MW M MM W -írf^OOJOJMOMOCa-í' OOOM-^OOlMMM»P* SPECIAL APPROPRIATIONS. Part J.-Governor's salary, salary ot Staff, ka. Part II.-Chid Justico, £3,000; tlireo Pulsno Judges, at £2,G0O each; Maatcr in-Eirolty, £1,600. Part III.-Hor Majesty's Ministors Part IV.-Clerk and expenses of the Exe- cutive Council, £1,500 ; Clerk and ex- penses of tho Legislate o Council, £5,000 ; Auditor-Qenoral, £2,000. Part V.-Pensions ta officers appointed dur- ing good behaviour. Part VI.-Compensation to tho following offloors, rotirod on political grounds: Tho i Attorney-General, £033; tho Col- lector of Customs (H. C. E. Childers), £800; tho Survojor-Genoral (Andrew ClarliC), £800. Part VII.-Pensions to persons reloasod from responsible offices on political grounds . Part V11I.-Public worship.' University of Molbourno . Liquidation of corporation bonds Amount of principal duo on do. do., re- deemable in ISO» . Interest on « »tor and so» ortigo debentures Intoreat on Mount Aloxandor Railway do bonturcs . Pouvions. Mining Boards. £8,000,000^ £300,000 i £850,000 /-Interest, cV-c , on.lo&ns; £2,107,000 £010,000 J Commissioners of audit . Immigration . Superannuation or retiring allowances Compensation for Iocs of oflloo Endowment of road districts, olauso 212 Do. do., clause 221 .> Foreign maila ,.j '.. i Gratuities to masters of vessels ., Interest on Post-oflico Savings-banks' de- posits .'.. l,iwo Electoral expenses . 0,000 Total .> .. ..£1,078,050 FINANCE ACCOUNTS.-1868 AND 1869. Fi¡*A2icu ' Account.-1803. Balance from 1807 .£57,109 Receipts to 31st January, 1869 .. £3,129,473 Probable further receipts- , ¡ . Customs .. .. £13,000 Territorial .. .. 17,000 Sundry receipts .. 10,000 J _40,000 Repayment lo tho credit of ox pondlturo account, rallwayB .. 15,872 To bo recouped out of loan for expondlturo on account of graving dock. 09,819 Can or'» doflolenoy to bo ro- ' co\ercd from tho Guarantee Society. 8.°00 3,175,473 87,712 £3,320.364 5u«aU.vasr:,:lJ,~ ":'.'"" :: ;.: """Moi Supploniotary Estimates.. .. £30,485 Less Sums included, tho expenditure of which is comprehended lu ' tho original estimate .. .. 6,237 -81,248 Balance. 47,001 £3,320,354 Finaxck Account.-1809. Balance from 1808 .£47,001 Estimated revenue for 1809.3,241,500 £3,289,101 ' Repayments to be made to tho credit ol oxpcndlturo accounts, viz. :- i Police and Penal department v. ,0,000 I £3,204,181 Estimated expenditure under votes.. .. £2,214,335 Estimated oxpendituro as por special appro- priation . 1,078,057 Bnlanco. .. .. 1,119 _ £8,294,101 LAND SETTLEMENT UNDER THE ( 42nd CLAUSE. Last month wo' stated that, in considera- tion of the important change that had been Drought ahoat amongst the agricultural popu- lation of the colony by the extent to which the provisions of tho 42nd clause of the Land Act, as construed by the Government, had stimulated the settlement of a class of small farmers on the lands, a representative of this journal had hoon sent to visit the dis- tricts in whieh the greatest amount of such settlement had taken place, and report gene- rally upon tho results ho witnessed. This was done hi a scries of descriptive articles, and at the end our reporter gave his conclusions from tho observations ho hftd mn.de, Ile said, in íeferonco to tho question-what had been the result?-"in answering this question I am compelled to acknowledge that in the districts I have visited more bona, fide settle- ment has taken place under the clause than by any other means previously adoptad, and the working of tho schorao merits'nlmost un- qualified commendation. I may here men- tion that tho portions of the colony I have recently visited wero all familiar to mo from ten to fifteen years ago. Scores of times I have ridden over the ground heforo thero was , an acre of it cultivated, save perhaps a few .small plots around the home stations of the fastorah tenants, and the chango which now witnessed - prepared as I was to, ,see a very great difference-certainly Ulled rae with astonishment. Then, in going from one place to anothor, I had to take bearings from some mountain, or other well del inca landmark in tho distance ; now the traveller is compelled either to keep the high road, or avail himself of the slip-panels in the farmers' fences. Then almost the only signs of settlement or civilisation were the solitary shepherds, as they tended their various flocks; now, in driving some live hundred miles through the Castlemaine, Ballarat, Ararat, and Talbot districts, I only saw two flocks of shcop. ' Tho vast tracts of land over which they once roamed at will aro now all taken up, and the solitary shepherd and his sheep havo been replaced by comfortable homesteads and waving fields of golden grain. " Further on ho observes :-" It has heon urged that tho area of land which can bo taken up under the clause is too small to givo a man a fair chanco of success ; and that the consé- quence will bo the creation of a class of pauper agriculturists. I have no four of any- thing of the sort arising. I readily admit that in tho majority of cases the sottlors under tho 42nd clause, hove not very great opportunities of realising fortunes, but as a rule they aro in a position to do what for the country at large is a great deal hotter. They will bo enabled to bring up their families in comfort and in plonty, to give their children a fair education, and thus, by, their attachment to the homes they havo created for themselves, and con- sequently to the country of their adoption, will become most valuable colonists. As soon as a man becomes a landholder, and has a home he can call his own, ho becomes a far more valuable citizen than he ever was before. Ho bos something to care for, some- thing to protect, and he acknowledges the responsibility. The 42nd clause, hy render- ing settlement easy, tends to check the erratic disposition so easily developed in a new country ; and if it did this alone it would be matter for great congratulation. It has, i however, done much more. It has im- mensely increased the area of land under cultivation, and, as a matter of course, a large increase in tho quantity of grain pro- duced will naturally follow. It will not be long before we shall bo raising sufficient for thousands more than our pre- sent population numbers, and not only shall we have food for them, but wo shall havo work also. All through the country tho general cry is for rroro labour- more hands to work, more mouths to feed ; and I am satisfied that if during the coming season a judicious scheme of immigration be devised and actively carried out, Victoria will seo quite as prosperous, if not, even more pros- perous times, than during the early days of the gold-fields. -Thero will not'be that whirl of excitement, or the squandering of hun- dreds ql pounds in a day,- but there wilt be a permanent and substantial prosperity far moro beneficial to tho colony, and far moro conducive to its piogress." t j THE WAK IN NEW ZEALAND. The defeat of To Koti at Ngatitm, and hii subsequent death, have terminated hostilities on the East Coast, and the late successes of the colonial troops upon the West Coast bid fair to bring tho war to a speedy and satisfac- tory conclusion. The pa at Nukumaru was taken by the forces under Colonel Whitmore on tho 2nd inst., the onemy making bat slight ie8istance, and retreating ovontually towards tho Waitotara. The loss on the side of the Maori does not seem to have beon very considerable, as no bodies were found. Only one of Colonel Whitmoro's men was wounded. The pa, which is said to be exceedingly strong, and furnished with mo§t complete defences, was shelled on the day previous to its evacuation. The enemy, despito their pos- session of plentiful supplies, and extensive pre parationsfor defence, abandoned thepashortly after daylight, and were hotly pursued by the cavalry and the friendly natives. In his desnatch'to the colonial Government, Colonel Whitmoic says :-" The pa is a formidable place, and I am satisfied that with so much at stake I should not have been justified in at- tempting to take it in any other way than that which I followed. No troops in the world could have hewn their way through the double row of strong palisades, backed by rifle- pits, and flanked by a two-storeyed erec- tion, such ab that constructed in this fortifi- cation, and defended by excellent shots and desperate men. Though as yet no bodies have been found, I have been shown tho traces of blood in several spots in and around tho work. My own loss, owing to the cover of the trenches, and in spite of the well-directed fire of the enemy, only amounts to one man wounded. The enemy is in full retrea't, followed by the cavalry and the friendly nativos, and as soon as possible the whole force will cross tho Waitotara on his trail. The men are in excellent spirits, and evidently delighted with their success ; while I am assured that Tito Kowaru will loso both in prestige and in followers by his failure to carry out his boastful promiso, as there has beennoreol or serious fighting." This suc- cess is very encouraging, and is likely to bring the Maories to recognise the expediency of submission. They havo been defeated on both sides of the island, and the Waitotara block has been regained by the colonial troops. The scene of the war has, therefore, been removed much further from the settled districts. (í, H. M. S.' HIMALAYA. ' H.M. tioopship Himalaya arrived in Hob son's'Bay on Saturday, the 13th ult., after a rapid passage from Point de Galle of twenty four dajs. During her, stay, ,which only ex- tended over a week, she was thiown open for inspection to the public, and was visited daily by large numbers of persons. It was believed in the first instance that' her object in visiting Melbourne was to takeaway the 14th Begiment, but it subsequently appeared that she had called simply with a view to coal- ing on her way to New Zealand. In addition to her usual, crew and officers, she carried fifty seven expircd-service men, soldiers, with a number of women and children, en route to England. During their sojourn in these waters the captain and several of the officers visited Ballarat, and inspected the more im poi taut mines. The Himalaya left on the 20th ult. for Wellington, and Auckland, to bring away the 18th lloyal Irish Regiment, landing them at Brisbane, Sydney, and Adelaide, and embarking the 50th Regiment at these ports, with which she will return to Queenstown, Ireland. , THE PROPOSED (W>MS WIO*. Theestablishmenoof a Customs;«M luny aiscussea by tüoX.nannjei"orttJlirmeic¿, and the proposal has now assumed a definite shape. A large meeting of the chamber was held on Friday, the ßth February, when the following resolution was unanimously passed : -"That this meeting cordially approves of the action taken by the committee of the chamber in initiating a movement for the esta- blishment of a Customs and excise union, with one uniform tariff for the Australian colonies, thus affording facilities for the freest inter- change of colonial produce and all other merchandise ; that snch a commercial fede- ration would, in the estimation of this meet- ing, result in immense advantages, direct and indirect, to the colonies in general, and that its realisation is an object well worthy of the continued efforts of the committee." Specóhes were made in support of the resolution by various members ; and the president, Mr. Jas. Lorimer, in the course of some veiy ap- propriate remarks, fairly exhausted the1 sub- ject. The arguments he made use of in sup- port of the scheme, though not novel, wore perfectly sound, and there is little doubt that when the matter comes to be thoroughly examined in the other colonies, a general verdict will bo given in favour of tho pro- posed union. Mr. Lorimor, amongst other matters, referred to the border difficulty, now temporal ily overcome by the treaty with New South Wales, and showed that, by the adoption of the now scheme, the question would be set at rest for ever. He dwelt upon the advantages which would bo secured from the establishment of perfect freedom of trade amongst the Australian colonies, and confi- dently expressed his belief that when the matter enmo to be properly understood it would be approved of in all quarters. He mentioned the fact that the proposition had not been very well received in the other colo- nies, hut ho disposed, of tho only real objec- tion which waa probably entertained by our neighbours when he made the observation that the Chamber of Commerce, in the ac- tion thejr were taking, disclaimed all idea of introducing the scheme solely for tho benefit of Melbourne. He know, ho went on to say, that there was an opinion,in some (juartors that the matter had boon biought forward with a selfish object : but, if the subject was considered, it would be seem that tho scheme would be equally to the advantage of all the Australian colonies. The Adelaide Chamber of Commerce has already given in its adhosion to thoscheme, and thero is little doubt that the other colonies will follow suit. It is ex pected that tho propriety of carrying the scheme into practical operation will bo dis- cussed at the approaching conference between the Governments of the various colonies. BANKING INNOVATIONS. The proposition on tho part of the Colonial Bank to take charge of wool for sale in London continues a subject of much adverse criticism, the proposal being regarded as an interference of the bank with a business in- consistent with its legitimate functions. Amongst the shareholders of tho bank itself thero has been much diversity of opinion on tho subject, especially as Mr. MacBain had withdrawn from the board of diroctors rather than identify himself with a pro-, ceeding to which, on principle, he was op- posed. The question appeared to shape itself, so far as the bank is concerned, into a reduction in tho number of directors, Mr. O'shanassy and those who are for embarking in wool transactions beingdesirous of limiting tho number to four, while thoso of a different way of thinking insisted upon six, the nurabor usually constituting the board. At a «moral meeting of the proprietary of the bank, hold on the 3rd February, the following propositions were submitted :-" 1. To reduce the number of the directors of the bank from six to four, in accordance with the 51st clause of tho deed of settlement ; 2. To substituto for and maleo as the 38th clause of the said deed of settle- ment the following :-' That all directors hereafter to be appointed shall bo duly qua- lified as hereinafter provided, and a meeting of the directors shall be styled a board of tho directors of the company, and any two of such directors, with the general manager of the tank, assembled at an ordinary or duly convened special incoting of directors, shall bo competent to transact all the affairs of I the company, and shall possess and exeroiso all tho powers boreitt conferred on the board of directors' ; 3. To alter tho 4lst clause of" the deed of settlement, so that at the annual general meeting, to be held in the month of April next, and at every alternate annual general meeting to bo hold in the month of April thereafter, the two directors who shall have been longest in office shall retire by rotation, but the-directors 'so retiring shall be eligible for re-election." The chairman, Mr. O'shanassy, movod the adoption of the alterations proposed, and said that before the branch was. opened in London the board consisted of six mem- bers. On opening that agency it was neces- sary, under tho general powers of tho board, to,appoint three directors in London, and, uccoi dingly, three direotprs, with tho mana- ger, transacted the business there.. With the exception of tho Bank of Victoria, he believed every Melbourne bank had this number of directors, or less. '- The directors of the Na tionalBankhad been reduced to four in Mel- bourne, and three in London, and the Colonial Bank proposed to follow that example. The Commercial Bank bad fivo directors in Mel- bourne. The object of the change,was ob- vious. As far as tho directors could gather as to the viows of the commu- nity, traders were desirous of having as small a board as possible to consult, and every trader would prefer going to a manager alone to making his affairs known to a largo board. After twelve or thirteen years' ex- perience, he said it was not an easy matter to find gentlemen who were resident in town who -were able to give sufficient timo to insti- tutions of this kind. The proposal sub- mitted was in the interests of the bank, and he therefore moved its adoption. Mr. W. J. Clarke seconded tho motion. After some discussion, an amendment was moved by Mr. Thomas Smith, seconded by Mr. Galbraith, " That the number of directors re- main at six." A ballot having been taken, tho chairman announced the result to be For the motion, 162; for the amendment,1 157 ; and declared tho motion carried. A S rötest against this decision was lodged by Tr. Galbraith, one of the scrutineers, who alleged that the voting was quite tho reverse of that stated by the chairman. A meeting, called by the shareholders, was held on Friday, February 20, and the subject having been again discussed, a resolution was unani- mously adopted appointing six directors on the boord. A second resolution, requiring that two directors should retire annually, one only of whom would bo eligible for re-elcotion, was negatived by 395 votes to 264. Tho tone of the meeting generally was in favour of the views of tho shareholders, and during the' proceedings, which were more than usually animated, Mr. O'shanassy took occasion to vindicate his action at tho previous meet- ing. CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY._' The Church of England Assembly com- menced its session for 1869 on Tuesday, Feb- ruary 2, at the Mechanics' Institute. There was a very large attendance on the occasion, and considerable interest was manifested in the proceedings. The Bight Rev. the Bishop of Melbourne presided, and delivered the opening address, which entered minutely into the various questions affecting the mem- bers of theChuich of England and ^ho dio- cese generally. At the conclusion of the address the proceedings for the day termi- nated, and wero resumed on the day follow- ing. The most interesting topic discussed during the sitting was in reference to a vote of ¡£150 for Moore College, which was opposed on the ground that the teaching there was solely according to the views of the narrowest school, viz, the Evangelicals, and that its subsidisation was a great obstacle in tho way of establishing a theological college in Melbourne, affiliated to the University. Much was urged pro and con., but the amendment negativing the vote was finally withdrawn. On Thursday several sub- jects of interest were debated, more particu- larly as regarded the canonical hours and places during and at which marriages could bo solemnised, but the main question was as to the desirability of taking steps to arrest the progress of secularisation in common school education. This subject was introduced by Mr, Colin Campbell, who proposed certain resolutions, which were ultimately carried in a modified form j but there was a strong expression of opinion that the Assembly was ultra vires in dealing with a matter which, it was held, belonged more properly to the Legislature. On the fourth day of the session Sir William Stawell proposed a reso- lution -with a view to the constitution of a body having the character of a general synod for the entire provinco of Australia, such the scVeiai'-cbroiTi;.the elerey and laitv in motion resulted in its adoption. Thoelec idun of representatives, however, was post- poned, to ^ admit of further consideration. Tho proceedings of the fifth day of session were of a purely formal character, possess- ing merely a local inteiest. On tho sixth day a good deal of business was disposed of. Tho subject of tho solemnisation of marriages, and the removal of incumbents for certain offences, were tho principal sub- jects discussed. The former was referred to the bishop for inquiry, preparatory to action being taken in the next assembly. On the seventh day of the session, the act relative to the in- cumbents passed through all its stages, and, m a form somewhat modified fiom that in which it had been originally proposed, adopted. The eighth and final sitting of tho session was unusually protracted, the consti- tution of the cathedral chapter being under discussion. The proposed bill met a good deal of opposition irom many influential members of tho assembly, who considered the' appointment unnecessary. After a very lengthened dobato the bill was carried. Sir William Stawell was appointed one of tho trustees of the Clergy Widows and Orphaus Fund, in the placo of Mr. Sladen, who had resigned, owing to his departure for Europe. The right rev. the bishop then, prorogued the' session sine die, ' WEAT PRESERVING. There have been no very decided indica- j tions of progress in connexion with this most important subject during the post month, except that kind of progress which consists in making good the position already secured. This tho Melbourne Meat Preserving Com- pany have been doing by affording an addi- tional and most convincing proof of the success of their process in 'preserving meat, and ícndering it' capable of withstanding not only the effects of time hut the in- fluence of the warmest climate. In response to the invitation of Mr. Caldwell, ja num- ber of gentlemen, including several of the leading merchants of the city, assembled at the company's premises foi the purpose of inspecting the opening of a case of preserved meat, which had been allowed to remain four months in the fuinace-room attached to the works, whero the temperature on an aver- age was at least 110°. Tho case containing the mutton was composed of 'hn. deal boards, securely fastened, and about three feet by one foot in dimensions. Tho meat, prepared in the usual manner, was placed in these cases, and when packed a quantity of liquid fat was poured in until the cases word completely ulled. They woro then nailed down, ana placed in the furnace-room. When opened, the temperature appeared to' have had but little cflcct upon the meat. The fat re- sembled soft wax on the surface, but was quite firm at the depth of about an inch. Tho meat was then taken out, and a portion1 of it prepared for luncheon. Whon dressed it was found most delicious and savoury. Meanwhile a new ageuit is being brought into the market for effecting the same satisfactory result, Numerous experiments havo placed the efficacy of the solution of sulphite of lime beyond eiuestion, and tho impression is that it will before long be ex- tensively used. - PROPOSED ART EXHIBITION. The trustees of the Public Library havo Esucd circulars inviting persons who are in possession of objects of art to lend them for the purpose of exhibition in the large build- ing during the months of April and May. Tho exhibits aro to be divided into two classes-the first to comprise what are gene- rally recognised as simplo works of art, while the second will consist of works of orna- mental and decorative art. The trustees hope to be able to open the exhibition at the commencement of April, and Tuesday, the 10th March, has been appointed as the last day upon which contributions will bo re- ceived. The time thus allowed tor intending exhibitors to como forward is somowhat brief; and it will probably be extended. The trus- tees do not state whothor or not it is their in- tention to take upon themselves the responsi- bility of selecting the articles for exhibition, but it has been suggested that a committee should he appointed to assist them in the work. In consequence, however,. of the 'Prince's visit, little has been done in con I nexion with the matter in any way. THE GOLD-FIELDS. A notable proof of the richness of the Vic- torian gold-fields was afforded on the 9th February, when" the largest nugget on ^re- cord was 'discovered by two working miners named Oates and Deason, within two inches -of~ tho surface, near Moliagul, at Black ¡Reef, Dunolly. The gold of this nugget, from the crucible assays _ was 38.6G. percent, pure gold. ,It contained a small portion of alloy, composed chiefly of silver and iron. Thp molted gold, with that unmeltod given away to thoir friends by the fortunato finders, amounted to 2,280oz., or 2,248oz pure gold, its value at the Bank of England being £9,534. Although it weighed before melting 1721b. avoirdupois, being about 171Aoz. troy mbro than "The Welcome," dis- covered on the 9th June, 1858,' it only con- tained 274oz. of quartz, otc, whereas the latter had 374oz , and only l,975oz. puie gold, valued at £8,376. 'Hence, "The Welcome Stranger" nugget, dug up on the 5th ult,, within two inches of the surface, near Dunolly, is fully 13 per cent, more precious than tho former, called "The Welcome," exhumed from a depth of 180ft. The lucky discoverers converted their treasure into money as soon as possible, and have quietly settled down to work again. Satisfactory accounts continue to bo re-' ceived from the Spring Creek rush, and there can bo no doubt of the permanent character of tho gold-field. The population is variously stated at from 10,000 to 17,000, and a great many lcavo as well as arrive every day. Mr. Warden Shadforth, at Heathcote, reports: '"There are a good many miners leaving Spring Creek, owing to the great want of water. Some heavy thunderstorms havo taken place during the month, which enabled the puddlers and others to reduce the price of washing from 8s. to 4s. per load. The Coster- field Company have recently struck a very payable reef at Costerfield, ana what is known as the Lower Costerfield mine has been taken up by a company, who havo purchased the plant and machinery of the Red-hill Com-, pany at Heathcoto ; and I undeistand that, shortly-from the excellent reports of the ground-thero will be several applications made for mining leases at Costerfield. Al- though there aro miners leaving Spring Creek, the arrivals there are considerably in excess ; and the residence sites, under miners' rights and business licences, aro increasing in number every day, forming what is tcimed the Main-street, two miles in length." The reports of the mining surveyors and registrars for the quarter ended 31st De- cember last, show that much activity pre- vailed on the gold-fields during the period embraced. Improvements in machinery, new discoveries, and energetic prospecting, appear to be talcing place in every direction, and although the long-continued drought has caused the total stoppage of many workings, the amount of gold raised during the quarter is slightly above that of the preceding three months. The total quantity of gold obtained during tho past year is stated to be l,684,919oz. 12dwt., and the quantity exported l,G57,498oz,, or 223,810oz. 14dwt. more than in 1867. The number of miners engaged on 31st December, 18G8, was 04,658, an increase of 1,170 since the 30th September, which may be attributed to the Spring Creek rush, and is no doubt greatly augmented at the present date. The approximate value of all the mining plant in use in the colony is £2,lo0,432 ; and the num- ber of square miles of auriferous ground actually worked upon, 884. The number of distinct quartz reefs actually proved to be auriferous is not less than 2,651. The new tables prefixed to the reports givo the quantities of gold got respectively from alluviums and quartz reefs, and the fact that the former have been steadily declining, whilst the latter have been steadily in- creasing, ought to be generally known. We give the statement in full. 1SG8. Quarter cuoiug March 31 .. Do. Juno SO .. Do. Sept. 30 .. Do. Deo 31 .. Alluvial. oz. dwt 307,126 10 270,340 l8 250,700 14 244,230 0 Total for 180811,087,602 14 | 507,410 l8 11,084,910 12 Quartz. oz. dwt. 134,930 8 145,103 1 150.0S0 12 100,027 17 Total. oz. dwt. 442,002 4 424,612 10 407,480 0 410,858 3 We have received from Mr. Sergeant, tho manager of the Band of Hope and Albion Consols Company, Ballarat, a specimen of the antimony the company has lately found at a great depth in their No. 1 shaft. The antimony ore is intermixed with quartz, but the sample is very rich, and will command an excellent prico in the London market. The Band and Albion Consols Company bawroi.a"lrufe.nf..uJiJe«i?^Jikwgtfrifminül!ai in quantity, may bo able to keep the London market fully supplied, and thus to meet the wishes of the dealers in metals and ores there. There seems to be a probability that gold-, fields will, after 'all, be opened up in Tas- mania. We lately alluded to tho reported discoveries at Fingal, and now-as we seo from the latest Launceston papers- a parcel of six ounces of gold has been shown there by two miners, who obtained it in the allu- vial, in a place known as the Devil's Den, near Mount Direction, for a fortnight's work. They had found a quartz reef, from which they supposed the specimens had como. The news, from the African gold fields is very discouracing. Mr. T. Carpenters leply in The Times to the sweeping animadversions of the Mel- bourne coirespondent of that journal on the dishonest schemes continually put forth in Australia to draw money from the pockets of the unwary, has been read with interest at Ballaiat, where the value of the concerns it is proposed to launch in London is fully believed in. , From a summary of tho gold-mining statis- tics of the colony foi the quaiter ending 3lst December, 1368, presented to Parliament lately, we obtain some interesting infor- mation', The returns, which have beon com- piled from the mining surveyors' and regis- trars' repoits, show that at the end of tho j ear that has just tei minuted there were 64,658 miners employed on the various gold- fields of the colony, of whom 35,335 wero lîuropean alluvial miners, 15,244 Chinese alluvial miners, 14,023 European quartz minors, and 56 Chinese quai tz miners The machinery employed in alluvial mining is stated to bo as follows ¡-Steam-engines em- ployed in winding, pumping, &c;, 441, of 9,884 horse-power; whims, 298; whips or pulleys, 320 ; sluices, toms, and sluice- boxes, 19,346 ; hydraulic hoses, 12 ; pumps, 872 ; water wheels, 339 ; quicksilver and compound cradles, 161 ; stamp-heads (for crushing cement), C43 ; boring-machines, l8. In the quartz-mines of the colony tho following machinery is employed .-Steam-engines, for winding, crushing, pumping, &c;, 002, of 11,045 horse-powor ; crushing . machines, driven by other power than steam, 66 ; stamp heads, 5,997 ; water-power machines, 4 ; whims, 512 ; whips or pulleys, 436. Tho ap- proximate value of all tho mining plant m use hi the colony is £2,150,432 ; and the num- ber of square milos of auriferous ground actually worked upon, 884, The number of distinct quartz reefs actually proved to be auriferous is not less than 2,651. AGRICULTURE. Last month we were able to announce that the drought appeared to bo breaking up, and this has since proved to be the case. We have certainly had a few more very bot days, but only a few, and the changes of weather have been frequent. With every change there has been moro or less rain, and in many places the showers were heavy enough to cause temporary floods, leaving, of course, a good supply of water after them. Thus the want which was becoming so serious is little felt now, and feed for the stock is springing again. Besides these great advantages, the rains have prepared the land for early ploughing, and there is at present overy Erospect of a favourable commencement eing made of putting in the wheat for next' year. Just now the farmers aro mostly occupied in netting the produce of lost harvest ready for market, the steam-threshers being everywhere at full work, but not much of the new grain has yet been offered for sale - a sign either that the farmers are not in want of money, or that they expect prices to rise. About the total yield of the wholo colony thero is much difference 'of opinion, the crops varied so widely even in the same district ; but there can be no doubt that wo have moro than enough wheat for our own consumption. Although tho number of bushels to the acre may not prove to be quite equal to some averages we have had, still a much wider area was lost year sown with this grain than ever before, so that the difference will be more than made up in that way, and we may yet say with confidence that the colony has become self-supporting in the item of brcadstuffs. There have been some parcels of wheat and flour shipped lately tor England, but without much chance of a profit, for the prices ruling hero do not leave a sufficient margin for that. However, these shipments will help to give buoyancy to the market, which is sadly needad just now. The yield of'oats has been deficient, and i tho, price is high, ¡as it is supposed .tliat'wo shalL,feel the want of tho supplies usually sent in by the neighbouring colonies. iThey ''havo none^to spare 'this'yoár, ,but the rains carno in time to saio the late crops of maize in New South Wales, at one period likely to fail completely. Maize is largely used here as horse- feed, and iE the crop bad failed we could scarcely have got through the year- without-importations of cats from Europa ; hut now the aspect of, the* provender market is so changed that this will scarcely bo attempted. Wo wero threatened with* an actual absence of grass for thrco ,or , foui months, t and a.conse; quently much-increased consumption of dry fodder ; but now wo have every chanco of good grass through tho autumn, and probably the , diminished . yield , of oats may turn out'to bo sufficient after all. On this point, however, ¡more will be known in a few weeks, 03 the agricultural statistics are now being collected. The time for grain and autumn" shows has como round again, and many will bo held this month, tho lost of which is to be the national show of giain, dairy and other produce, grapes, wines, &c.;, at Sand hurst. By ha vine this lost sho wi t is hoped that the prize samples from other districts will be brought together, and if such is the effect this year the show o'f grain ought to bo unusually line, as tho quality of all sorts is superior. The Bendigo district is famous for its grapes, and it was intended that these should form a prominent feature at the show, but most varieties will have ripened before then. In most places tho grapes are ripening now, and tho vintage will soon commence. A few weeks ago tho yield of wino promised to be very scanty, but the late rams have swelled tho grapes, and the produce will be moderately good, oxcopt in the few vineyards where the vines' were blighted, owing to the soil being too shallow and dry, or m which the grasshoppers ate off all the leaves. The quality of tho wines of this year ought to be specially good, unless we have too much rain during the current month-an unlikely con- tingency. It has long been a puzzle to know what to do with 'the Board of Agriculture, and the intention on the part of Government now appears to be to substitute tor it a de- partment under the Minister of Lands. This is to be far more comprehensive in its object than the old body, and is to take charge of all subjects directly affecting this interest or cognato thereto, such as Gardening, arbori- culture, diseases of stock, agricultural statis- tics, &c.; j but how the now department is to be organised we havo not yet been told. LABOUR MARKET. Thero is but little alteration in tho condi dition of 'our labour market since our report1 of last month. The demand may bo less in some of the up-country districts, but mothers it is greater, so that the balances is pretty evenly maintained, and times continue good, for agricultural labourers. Where hands aro required, those principally looked after are ploughman, lads for general service, wood cutters and splitters, female general servants, and married couples without incumbrance. Indeed the latter, whero they are at all com- petent to station work, may bo said to be in constant demand, while good domestic ser- vants aro difficult to got and keep. In town work, matters ore equally promising, the progress of three or four great building operations having done much to absorb all the skilled and unskilled labour re- quired in the various departmouts of the trade. When our great public vyorks are actually begun we ' shall, in all pro- bability, hear something 'about an ex- orbitant rate of wages and the necessity for largely increased immigration. Under these circumstances, wo quote as firmly maintained thefollowing rates of pay:- Stone- masons and bricklayeis, 10s. per day; carpen tt rs, 9s. do. ; builders' labourers, 7s. do. ; shepherds, £30 to £40 per annum ; shearers, 10s. to 17s. per 100; superior do., 183. per do. ; hutkeepers, £22 per year : laels (who can milk), 12s. per week ; general farm labourers, 15s. to 20s. elo. ; three-rail fencers (stuff laid on the line), Is. 9d. to 2s. per rod ; grubbers and splitters and fencers, 4s. per rod; wood-splitters, 3s. 6d. per ton ; gardeners, 20s. to 23s. and 28s. (first- class) >per week ; bush carpenters, 18s. to 20s. per week, with mtions ; general carpenters undertaking bushwork, 30s. do. ; black and shoeing smiths, 30s. do. ; wheelwrights, 35s. to 40s. do. ; brickmakers, 18s. to 20s. per 1,000, with rations ; manied couples, without encumbrance (first-class), from £55 to £65 per annum ; do. (second class), £45 to £55 do. ; female servants (good), to tócT do. ; cooks, housemaids, £26 do. ; nursegirls, 5s. to 7s. per week. Common labour may be quoted at Cs. to 7s. per day. SPORTING. The most interesting sporting events of tho month have iheen tho Champion Races at Launceston and the Intercolonial Cricket Match withTasmania, TheDuke'sDay'sracing at Adelaide also proved of considerable in- terest to Victorians, tho principal race being won by Mi. L. L. Smith's b. m. Lady Manners Sutton, which' was sent ovoi by the steamer, and only arrived the night before tho race. The Champion day at Launceston was vory (largely attended. For the Maiden! Plate, Bourbon and Cadlands ran a dead heati The Two-year-old Stakes were won by Seyessa, with W. F. second, the timet being two minutes and two seconds, For the Champion lace, Boiardo led for the first round, and was then beaten, Strop (a local horse) taking up tho^unning, noverbeinghoaded, and winning tho race by a good length without whip oi spur. Glencoe and Warwick (from Sydney) wero respectively second and third. In the cricket match with Tasmania, the islanders, who met Victoria on equal terms for the first time, wero vory much over- matched. They were obliged to leave be- hind one or two of their best players, and had no bowlers comptable to those of their opponents. The match resulted in favour of Victoria, in one innings, with 200 runs to spare-the iirst innings score of Vic- toria being 409 (of which Phillips made 115), and that of Tasmania eighteen. This was fol- lowed by a match between eleven natives of Tasmania against eleven natives of other Australian colonies, and the result was a draw-the united scoies being, Australia 290, and Tasmania 152, with seven wickets to fall. The aboriginal cricketers, who have just returned from England, have also played a match with eleven Victoriaus, in which they were practically beaten, though the game was declared a draw. The blacks have improved immensely by their English ox peiiencc, and have established a fair claim to be regarded as scientific cricketers. Unfor- tunately their English expedition proved any- thing but a success, and the proceods of the match were handed over to the gentleman who undei took thoir transit to England and back as a contribution towards the expenses of conveying his charge to their home at Lake Wallace. The Intercolonial Match with Sydney begins on tho 4th March at Sjdnoy, and tho Victorian eleven sailed for the neighbouring colony last week. The team is a strong one ; but it was weakened at the last moment by one or two unavoidable defections.1 Tho names of'those who have saildd are-Wardill, Gibson, Allan, Cosstick, Wills, Egglestono, Phillips, Carter, Kelly, Noyes,(lieutenant in the 14th Regiment), ana Goldemitb, possibly with Mullagh as twelfth or emergency man, THE THEATRES. ' ' The principal event in the dramatic history of the month has been the production of "After Dark" at the Theatre Royal, whore it promises to havo a successful run. The per- formance has boen drawing large audiences, and the Duke of Edinburgh was present at ono of the representations, Mr. and Mrs. Steele (Miss Adelaido Bowring) are now plajing at this theatre, and Mrs. Steele has appeared as Lady Isabel Vane, and Harriet Routh in " Black Sheep." Mr. Roberts's lesseeship of the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre terminated on the 6th of February, the amount of patronage ho le ceivcd no longer justifying him in keeping the house open. During tho last week of his management Mr. James Bartlett, a light comedian of considerable ability, playbd Lavatcr, David Garrick, and several other light-comedy parts, in which he created a very favourable impression. Madame Caron dim, with the Misses Rosina and Fannie Carandini, Mr. W. Sherwin, and Mr. Amery, have since been giving a series ,of operatic and ballad concerts with les3 success than the merit of the entertainment has justified. ', Miss Cleveland (Mrs. Vincent) has recently .taken leave of the Melbourne stage, pur- posing to, make a tour iii the neighbouring colonies, anel then (after a short farewell visit to Melbourne) to proceed to Europe. Miss Cleveland, has been,, long and deservedly popular with the Melbourne public, and her absence leaves a blank which will not bo easily filled. Mr, Walter Montgomery is at present in Melbourne, and it i«? understood that he will withMr. Geo.,Coppin.' «"}"'& small dramatic company, commence his New Zealand tour early next month. RAILWAY RETURNS. The traffic returns of tho Victorian Rail ways continue to exhibit the gradual reces- sion noticeable since the tcommoncemcnt of the present year. Notwithstanding the im- proved arrangements of tho Chief Cotais Biorier, the statement for the-week Di'lMjng February l8 shows a falling-off even Un'pas. songer traffic to the amount of £187 las, 4d. as compared with the corresponding week of last year. The" total receipts for the week aro given" at £10,307 12sî 7d., against £10,301 12s. 10d., and the aggregate for the seven weeks at £77,18717s. 8d. against £79,853 8s. 6d. last year. This brings the weekly average to £11,026 10s. 9d., as compared with £11,408 9s. 9d. up to the same period of 1868 a reduction amounting to £381 13s. ' The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company show a better balance sheet up to date, The passenger traffic over their lines has increased by £214 in the wotik over that of the same date lost year, and tho merchandise, with sundries, brings the total receipts up to £2,340 17s. 7d. against £2,195 2s. 2d. Tho' aggregate to date amounts to £20,9!>3 7s. 6d. as compared with £19,902 17s. 8d. up to the same period last year, whilo tho weekly average is given at £2,999 Is. Id., as against £2,73114s. 8d.-a difference of £267 Gs. 5d. At the eighth half-yearly meeting, held during the past week, a dividend of sevon per cent, was declared. DEATHS' IN THE MELBOURNE EOS PITAL. During the four weeks ending February 20 twenty-four persons have died in this in. stitution, while under treatment oither for injuries accidentally received or for diseases of an acute nature. The following are their names, with such other particulars concern- ing their antecedents, as can be gathered, and are likely to assist in their identification by friends at home ; Armstrong, Bridget, 37, a native of Ire- land ; arrived in the year 1852, by the ship Bemloy-chronic dysentery. Bushell, Henry, 55, plumber, native of London ; arrived in 1853 by the ship Cossack -consumption. Chambers, William, 48, seaman, native of Yorkshire ; arrived in 1858 by the ship King, fisher-consumption. Doherty, Richard, 65, labourer, nativo of Manchester ;. arrived 'in 1853, by the ship William Metcalfe - consumption. -Duck- worth, James, 33, painter, nativo of Lan- cashire ; no particulars as to ship or time of arrival- consumption. Fitzgerald, Garrard, 35, bricklayer, nativo of London : arrived in 1848 by the ship Thetis -cancer of the heart. Foley, Ellon, 30, do- mestic servant, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1852 by the ship Charles-chronic dysentery. Gorman, Patrick, 20, labourer, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1864 by the ship Mawo Polo-disease of the heart. , Hall, "William, 30, miner, native of Scot- land ¡-arrived in 1861 hy the ship Blue Jacket -abscess in the thigh. Kennedy, Patrick, 20, shoemaker, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in I860 by the ship Tor- nado-disease of the ankle. ' Lulcy, James, 41, cleik, native of Ireland; arrii ed in 1854, by the ship Emma-con- sumption. Mitty, Mary, 35, spinster, native of Liver- pool; arrived in 1853, by ship not known apoplexy. M'Donald, Annie, 28, native cf Cork ; arrived inl851, by tho ship Alfred the Great-consumption. M'Henry, Ann Maria, 25, native of Edinburgh ; arrived in 1803 by the ship British Trident-consumption. Noonan. Richard, 30, labourer, native of Cork; arrived in 18G6 bj; the ship Egremont -disease of the kidneys.' Owens, John, 60, wardsman, nativo of Wales ; arrived in 1840 by the ship Orient exhaustion after amputation. Patterson, Frederick, 24, traveller, native of Scotland ; arrived in 18C9 by the ship For- mosa - consumption. Parr, Thomas, 21, clork, native of Yorkshire ; arrived in 1869 by the ship Hydei abad-typhoid fever. Ray, Maigaret, 2G, native of Ireland ; ar- rived in 18,64 by the ship Oceánica-consump- tion. Reynolds, Caroline, 47, native of Essex ; arrived in 1854 by the ship Columbus-disoaso of the heait. Shellan, John, 48, labourer, native of Wilt- shire ; arrived in 1855, but could not give the name of the ship-apoplexy. r|i"n"t, jr^w,oo, D7, ooaoluiiui), native of Ire- land ; arrived in 1856 by the ship Rising Sun -aejir.um tremens. Tomlinson, Bingham, H" 59, farmer, native of Lincolnshire; arrived in 1853 by the ship PiinCe Arthur-inflammation of brain. Wood, Ellen, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1848 by a ship of which the name could not be learned-consumption. , NOTES FROM THE SEA. The Amei'can ship Martha Rideout ar¿ rived at Sydney on the 14th february, having sprung a serious leak. She left Newcastle for San Fisncisco with a cargo of 1,290 tons coa'. When off Howe's Island a leak was disco- vered, there being then three root of water ia the hold. The pumps, were rigged, and it was found that the water was making at the rate of six inches per hour. The leak increased to tweh o inches per hour, and a gale sprang up, bringing with it a terrific sea. The ship plunged forecastle under, and at times was completely buried, the decks being filled, the lower foretopsail and forctopmast-stay sail wore blown clean away, and both bob stays paited closo to the bowsprit; the top- gallant forecastle was also lifted. Indeed, so fearful was tho weather, that tho captain thought his vessel would havo foundered, but providentially the gale, abated somewhat, and she Svas enabled to gain Sydney. The Government s.s. Pharos returned to Hobson's Bay on thö 13th February, after a survejing cruise of some weeks' duration. The suivcy oE the coast between Wilson's Promontory and Western Port was completed. Although many alterations in the coast and 1 sailing directions will be necessary, no outly- ing reefs have been discovered, with the singlo exception of a reef off the Victoria Coal Com- pany's giound near Cape Paterson, which makes it dangerous to approach that part of the coast within a distance of a mile and a halffrom the shore. The great advantage to mariners of the publication of the present work will be the knowledge thoreby derived that tho coast bos bpcn thoroughly examined and sounded, and this will naturally engender confidence, besides enabling ships, when ne- cessary, to take advantage of, su6k waters as Waratah, Oberon, and Norman bays for anchorage, when they otherwise would have to run' before the Wind 'for belter known anchorages, or remain at sea hove-fo until tho gales subsided. , Tho steamer Formosa, 205 tons burthen, which left Glasgow on 18th September, 1868, was wreoked off Port Phillip Heads on the 5th February. The stcarnor passed Cape Otway on the 4th ¡February, and at about eight o'clock she was nearly three miles' from Port Phillip Heads, where Captain Bal- la rdio expected (o bo picked up, by a pilot, i and seeing a light a little to tho eastward of Point Nepean, he boro down for it, thinking that it might be the pilot boat's light. This light most probably was that of a vessel bound to the eastward. After burning seve- ral bluelights, and i receiving no response,' Captain Ballardie tried to tack to the S.W., but tho vessel missed stays, and was wore round, tho time occupied in wearing being fully an hour and a half. Thp Formosa then stood off to the S.W., but seeing that she was making a deal of leeway, and that thero was no hope of her being able to weather Point Nepean, Captain Ballardio again at- tempted to tack, and once more the vessel missed stays. The mizen and main sails were then taken > in, and two hours more elapsed in wearing round again, the vessel/ running towards the land all the time. Between two and three'o'clock iii tho morn- ing, Captain Ballardie, finding that the vessel was still drifting to leeward, made an- other endea\ our to taek, but with no better success, i In wearing the swell hove her in shore, and it being evident that she would not clear, the port anchor was let go, bringing her bead to sea," and then tho starboard anchor was lot go. Ç0"* anchors^ however, wero ineffectual to hold her, and shortly after three o'clock she struck the rocks, and drifted on to the beach ; and about sixty fathoms of ohain were payed out to let her go further up. The heavy swell rolling in shore continued to break over her, and towards daylight tho vessel parted betweon the .main and mizon chams. The boats, as well as all, loose articles on deck, were speedily-adrift, and washed ashore^ t and all hands; together with Mr. Paterson, the i only passenger, took to the rigging fpr safcty. Mr. Paterson, who was coming to this' colony for the benefit of his health, ana who was too weak to assist himself, had# to be lashed to the rigging. During this period of great peril and anxious suspenso onei or the sailors, George M'Kenzie, when tho tide fell, exerted himself effectually,. and happily succeeded in making the slioVe, and by means of a line established communi «ation with the wreck. Mr. Paterson was first made fast to the line, and having had to be dragged through the surf, he was landed in a very exhausted condition, and subse «oiicntlydiedinthaMelbourneHospital. All on l Board were then safely got on shore, and pio . oceded to the sanitary station at Point No iipean, and from thence on board the steamer 5,'itan, which left for Melbourne with them .about cloven o'clock on Friday night. On the flood the vessel broke completely up, and the cargo all washed ashore. The wreck and cargo were sold, by auction, for £665. The great length of time taken up in wear- ing tho vessel, it is said, is to be accounted .for from her masts being badly placed, . and from the foremast having been irre . parably injured off the Scilly Islands. An inquiry was subsequently held into tho \- disaster, and tho certificate of the master, \- Captain Ballardio, was suspended for twelve ?months for his negligence in standing in so near tho land without a pilot. The pilot \- boat, it appeared, was not outsido the Heads that night ; she had through negligence on the part of those on board beon allowed to set within the indraught of tho tide, was forced to go into Queenscliff, and was unable ? to beat out again to sea till next morning. The pilot in charge was censured for his ne . gleet of duty. Captain Bailey, of the Champion of the . Seas, appeared at the Sandridge Police Court, on the 12th February, in support of a charge -of desertion againät his first officer, Mr. "Wright. It appeared that defendant had ?bein suspended from duty for a trivial fault, \- and told that he would not be permitted to work on the ship except as an ordinary sea ?maii. Ho thereupon determined to proceed .against the complainant in the Supremo Court foi -wrongful dismissal and illegal de- tention of property. On the 6th February, ? Captain Bailey was arrested undor a capias io hold to bail, and on the samo day he issued a warrant for the defendant's arrest. Under (these circumstances the case was dismissed. Proceedings were then instituted against . Captain Bailey for malicious prosecution, and .a writ of capias was issued in the action '?under which he was arrested. Before tho .Champion of the Seas left this port, Captain Bailey gave ample security to abide the result ?of the proceedings in the Supreme Court. .COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. TUE MAILS. Tho R.M.S.S. Bombay, under tho com isnand of Captain Gaby, left hor anchorage .on tho afternoon of tho 2nd ult., with the .Indian and European mails on board. The arrival at Sydney, on the morning of the 3rd Ji'ebruary, of the P., N.Z., and A. R.M. Co.'s steamship Ruabine, was telegraphed. This steamer left, Panama on the 27th December, having been detained a short time by warrant .of distress to satisfy some pecuniary liability at that port. The European dates by tele- gram brought by the Ruabine wore to the loth December, which is not so lato by seven days as the telegrams brought by the Suez iroute, The s.S. Somersetshire, which arrived from London on tho 12th Fobruary, brought mews to the 9th December, and Her Majesty's steam troop-ship Himalaya, which arrived on the 13th February, from Galle, . making the passage in twenty-four days, brought English news to 18th December. The P. and O. Co.'s R.M.S.S. Avoca, Captain ' Charles G. Perrin, anchored in the bay about ?eight-o'clock on the morning of the 37th February, again delivering her mails within contract time. The Avoca, with the European, Indian, and China mails for Australia and 2New Zealand, left Point de Galle at live ip.m, on tho 27 th January, and had favourable weather generally to King George's Sound, which was reached on the 10th February, at -ten minutes past four p.m. The Avoca sailed ?from the Sound for Melbourne at a quarter past five a.m. on the 11th February, was off Capo Otway at half-post ten p.m. on the 10th february, and entered Port Phillip Heads at -live a.m. on the 17th. EXCHANGE AND MONEV. We have to note an advance on tho late of ? exchange this month, one per cent, premium being charged by all the banks for sixty days' iiight bills. Drafts with documents attached .aie puichased at par. The tenders for Vic- torian Government debentures, issued under -the authority of the Public Works Loan Act 1868, were opened at the Treasury on the 9th of February at a price and on terms men- tioned in another column. On the discount antes no alteration has been reported. For 'bills at three and four months' currency six and seven per cent, respectively continues to be charged, and for longer periods eight per .tent, is required. The rates of interest on .deposits are also unaltered, with this exception, that four per cent., hitherto allowed for six months, can only be obtained on deposits dodged for twelve months ; for deposits of three months two pei cent, is allowed, and for deposits of four and six months threO per .cent, is allowed. STATE Or MADE. The month has been an extremely quiet .one, and we have very little of a special cha lacter to record. The arrival of the first ship auents of the new brew of bulk alo was re- ported a short time ago, and considerable sales of old have been made in consequence. In breadstuffs, owing to supplies having been .held back, very little business has been done. Somo 90,000 bushels of oats changed hands on speculation. In metals, transactions in pig iron, hematite, and boiler plates, form the . chief feature. Kerosene oil has been .more animated, and sales aggregate at least 24,000 cases. Arrivals ot castor-oil have been on a largo scale. Rice still con- tinues to como forward extensively. The iChusan has brought 300 tons of Bangkok, the Asie Mineure 9,400 bags of Java, and the Maud and Helen 7,700 bags of Chinese. 'The Portlaw has arrived with 1,000 tons of new Patna, and the City of Edinburgh has biought 300 tons. The market is extremely ?heavy. Transactions in sugar embrace the cargoes of the Maiguerite, Catherine, Formosa, Jan Peter, Sea Nymph, &c;, and com pi ¡bo some 45,000 bags at least. Sales of timber consist cbielly of flooring. In teas, we note the sale of the Chief tain s cargo, the William Fruing's fancy teas, and 4,900 pack- ages of tboDoon's cargo. In tobaccoes or wines mid spirits nothing ot interest has transpired. 'The successful floating a fortnight ago of i the Government five per cent, loan of £300,000 was the subject of satisfactory comment, lhe minimum rate fixed by the .Government was 004, and a sum of £321,990 was tendered for at and above the minimum. 'The mail dates from London aro by post to January 1 and by telegraph to January 23\. The oxports to Victoria for the month amounted to £62,9049, which shows a slight .decrease on those'of the preceding month. Advices from Calcutta to 18th January re- ported tho Sea Gull and Manfred on the beith for Melbourne ; tho Dagmar was load- ing for this port, bor cargo having previously been engaged. Our' dates from Colombo leach to the 25th ult. The David and Jessie had sailed, and the Caroline and Stanley were loading for Melbourne. From Batavia w6 learn that to the 12th January tho depar- tures for the month were two for-Melbourne and ono for Sydney ; tho vessels loading .were two for the first-named port, and one for the latter. Our letters from Foo < chow are to 2nd January, ond from Singapore to 19th January. l STOOK AND STATIONS. From tho interior wo leam from all parts . of the drought having broken up, and people are congratulating, themselves on tho termi- nation of the dry weather. It rained heavily on the cost coast and on the western slopes of tho Cordilleras (or from Sydney Heads to Forbes) on the 12th. However, in the salt . bush country the weather is still dry and hot. More rain is needed, as, 'though there is a pretty good Bpring in the grass, it is drying-np \- for want of moisture. - At Maitland there was a prospect of somo negotiations for stations closing, the change in the weather favouring sales. Fiom Gipps Land we hear " The recent heavy rains have improved the country so much that the market for all descriptions of stock is brisker than it bos been for some months past, and as the supply is very limited, we expect that prices will be firm. Heavy thunderstorms have fallon about the Lower Castlereagh. l''rom Wagga Wagga wo hear that drought bas ceased there. Rains had beon particularly heavy at Tarcutta, Kyamba, and towards Albury, as also over tho watersheds of the Murray and Murrumbidgee. At Darby, Dar- ling Downs, "Warwick, and along tho Namoi, lhere had been heavy rains. In Deniliquin district,, and surrounding it, there are large quantities of fat sheep, and the runs, where they aro not overstocked, aro standing, out well against thb dry'season. Settlors aro'now talking of relying on quality rather than \- quantityjn stock, and if they act upon -this, . the drought will not be without its useful lesson. The only solo of station property reported has' been effected by Mr. Abraham \- I<incolne, by order of the liquidator, and through Messrs. M'Caw and Another, of a . station in Queensland known as Oakey Creek Station. This station Is- situated on the Uiver Mackenzie, and contains" b.oout lu' square miles of average grazing cou.ntry' With the run were sold about 20,000 sbeew and all the improvements. It was knocked down for £5,500 cash. ' , wool. The season is now coming rapidly to an end, but cortainly closes with a moro encou- raging aspect than the commencement gave promise of. Tho relief afforded by the con- < tinued advices of improvement in the home market has been of a most marked character. The month's sales embrace 2,051 bales, and prices have ruled at from 4Jd. to 91d. for greasy, lid. to lOjd. for scoured, and ÍOd. to 19:/d. for fleece. i THE DBOUGUT. The Pastoral Times, writing of the drought, sayR :-" A gentleman who has jual airiveel overland from Dubbo, describes tho country as in a frightful condition. On tho Mac- quarie they aro pretty well off for water, but badly off for feed. Between the Macquarie and the Castlereagh the country is wretched; on tho latter river, for 200 miles, tho bed of the stream is dry. Wells have been made in the bed of the creek. There is scarcely a sign of vegetation. On several unfenced stations on tho Marthaguy Creek the sheep wero turned loose. On the latter creek many of the station-holders havo to cart water for seven or eight miles for domestic use. At Cannonbar things aro very bad; unless rain falls, or has fallen, the town will have to bo abandoned. The wholo of the Bogan country is badly off. Mr. Forlonge lost over 4.L0O sheep out of 14,000. Many of the mobs of travelling sheep cannot roturn to their stations, if the Jatterwero improved, for want of grass and water. On the Mara Creek 1,500 head of cattle aro lost out of a herd of 0,000. A station on the Castleieagh, recently sold, only mustered 3,200 cattle out of a sup- posed herd of 7,500 ; the delivery was taken as complete, numbering 4,000, with right of brand. On several of the stations matters were as bad, and in somo cases worse. Below Walgett stockmen aro digging up roots of gross and other vegetable matter, and crush- ing them to feed their horses. It is to bo hoped that rain has fallen at all theso places." THE PEOPLE'S TARIFr-RESULT OP A TAX ON LUXOItlES. The taxes on "luxuries," from which so much was expected when the changes in the tariff wore under the consideration of Parlia- ment, have yielded a revenue in some cases ludicrously small. Eight shillings per ounce was imposed on "plate of gold," and during the year 18G8 this tax brought exactly 30s, to the Treasury-four ounces and ten-twentieths being the preciso quantity of gold plate im- ported. Silver plate, which is subject to a duty of Is. per ounce, contributed £200 16s. Gd. Carriages, which pay ten per cent, ad valorem, yielded £514 8s. The duty on musical instruments, which also pay ten per cent., amounted to £2,611 2s. It is gratifying to know that towards this sum tho protectionists at Ballarat contributed the amount of the duty on the French piano which, in order to show their deep sense of the duty of encouraging native industry, they presented to their honorary secretary. Silk goods, which aro also in tho ten per cent, list, yielded £19,655 18s. From watches, jewels, and jewellery, at ten per cent, £6,200 I was obtained. This completes the list of luxuries. Altogether, from the duties on theso articles the Treasury derived only £28,695 12s. Od. out of an entire Customs revenue of £1,258,283. While luxuries nay hut this in- significant amount, grain paid no less than £34,780 ; apparel and slops, £33,214 ; boots and shoes, £35,017 ; candles, £15,105 ; and tea and sugar, £142,700. These few figures will enable our readers to form some opinion of the incidence of taxation under the tariff, and to judge whether those who indulge in silks and plate, or those who wear moleskins and bighlows, and consume tho most bread and most tea and sugar, bear the larger share of the burdens of the state. OUR IMPORTS COMPARED. Of the £13,320, GG1 of which the year's im- ports are made up, no less than ¡£1,305,825 consisted of gold imported from New Zea- land. The past was the first year in which such an item appeared among the imports. So long as thero was an export duty on gold, all the gold exported might be safely taken to bo the produce of Victoria, since no one would import a commodity which he must re-export, when he would have to pay duty upon its exportation. But the gold duty ceased with tho year 1867, and, therefore, in comparing the imports of 18G8 with those of former years, we must take caro to allow for this £1,305,000 of New Zealand gold, which really only carno here in transilu, and did not belong to the genuine imports of the colony. Malting this allowance, wo find that the bona fide imports of Victoria in 1868 were valued at £12,014,836. With the exception of 1867, this is the lowest value of any year since 1855, For the last ten years the imports have been as under :- ,, I860.1 ..£15,022,801 I860. 16,003730 1S01. 13,632,452 I 1802. 13,487,787 1803\. 14,118,727 1864\. 14,074,815 1S0S. 13,257,637 1800\. 11,771,711 1867\. 11,074.088 1808\. 12,014,830 Thus the average value of the imports durin¡ the two years that tho present tariff has beer I in force was £11,810,000, or £2,400,000 a yea less than the average of the last five years o the old tariff. There is no doubt that a largi I part of this decline is attributable to the ai valorem system ; but making eveiy reason able allowance for that, thero is an unmis takable indication that the import trade o the colony has seriously suffered since th i change in tho tariff took place. THE YEAB'S TRADE. A general summary of the import, export and shipping returns, and an abstract or th Customs revenue of the colony for the yea 1808, with an account of tho transhipment from this colony during the six month ending on the 31st December last, have beei laid before the Legislativo Assembly. Tin paper shows that the total value of the export was £15,593,990. (Jf the vessols which were en tercel inwards, 1,977 brought cargoes amount ing to 640,643 tons ; anti 90, of 12,709 tons came in in ballast. The vessels which clears' outwards with cargoes numbered 1,436, o 475,048 tons ; and 736 vessels, of 209,159 tons went away in ballast. The total value of th goods transhipped was £593,307. The pilol age fees amounted to £17,195. WHALING. The barque Japan, which has been th< roughly fitted out and equipped for a whalin expedition, has been towed down the river t an anchorage in tho bay, and will shortl proceed on her first cruise. To erfíouraí whaling enterprise, a bonus of £1,000 has bee; placed on tho Estimates for the fiist whale fitted out in Melbourne, which returns i Hobson's Bay with a cargo of oil. MEAT PRESERVING. The efficacy of tho solution of sulphite < lime as a meat-preserver has been place beyond question by the experiments tin have from time to time been made, and the is little doubt that this valuable agent w before long be extensively usod.' Messrs. . Skinner and Co., who are now manufactu ing tho sulphite for tho morkot, have bee successful in neaily all the. experiments th have tried, while some that are yet in pr gress aro also turning out very satisfactoril Tho cost of tho solution of the reciuisi strength is much less than that of ordina brine, so that tho now preservative cannot objected to on the ground of expensivenei The plan adopted by Messrs. Skinner and C in tho production of the sulphite is to mai a solution of lime and water of a certa strength, which is afterwards imprégnât with volatilised sulphur. The machinery ne employed by the manufacturers enables the to produce about 500 gallons of the sulphi per week. FR0DUCTS OF QUEENSLAND. Those who believe in native industry, ai extend their ideas to Australia as a who' will be glad to observe that not only Queensland turning her attontion to compc with Mauritius in the production of sugi but she is preparing her magnificent fore timber in a way that bids fair, to give not share of the trade almost exclusively hither in the hands of' what, by contrast, may called foreigners. At a recent salo of Qucoi land timber, some 20,000 feet of tongued a grooved flooring-boards were submitted tho trade, whoso judgment on its quat seemed so favourable that the timbor ream a satisfactory price compared with that giv for the flooring usually impoi ted from otl countries. , r NEW MINER ALS. Discoveries of minerals hitherto now in j colonies aro extending with sçmq rapidi It was only the other day that the discov of cinnabar in South Australia was report and it was followed very soon by the open of silver mines there, where only copper t been looked for before. Something of : tamo sort has just happened in New Soi Wales, where the finding of splendid lodes silver and lead ore in the West Primrose Company's grounds has been accompanied ¿y a- valuable discovery of cinnabar/or nuicfc ¿'T<. ^tyeen tho township ofíudge' S %« L^y^no' ,.whi<£ ar° easily ac cessxije from Sydney by raUway. Spociraens of this Pro were first notice/in a stream in the form of small reddish pobbles; and when these were ground they wero found to give, without tho slightest admixture of, sand, the pare vermilion of commerce. The discovery was followed up, as it was rightly sun posed the lode from which thoy came must be near. , After, the sinking of many shafts un- successfully, it wasstruck at forty feet from the surface, shaping like a largo quartz lodo, and has been traced downwards on its western mchno to a depth of 100 feet, at which the prospecting has for the present been stopped. We aro informed that all the material passed through is more or less productive of tho oro which also shows a good percentage of gold' The extent of the lode remains to bo traced, In Sydney, mining is little attended to, but m this instance they havo woko up and a company, with which several well known names are associated, has been formed to work the mine, under the title of tho Cud- gegong Cinnabar Company (limited). It is now proposed to erect works for the reduc- tion of tho ore and tho production of quick- silver. MELBOURNE AND HUDSON'S BAY UNITED RAIL- WAY COMPANY. Tho ciahth ordinary half-yearly meeting of the Melbourne and Itobson's Bay United Railway Company has been held at their offices. The chair was taken by tho Hon. T. T. A'Bcckott, M.L.C. It was shown that tho recoipts for the last half-year, after deducting interest and working expenses, left a balance availablof ordividend of £19,45210s. 2d., which was apportioned as follows : - Dividend, at the rate of seven per cent, por annum, £18,71410s,; balance carried forward, £733 Os. 2d. The financial statements consisted of the capital account, tho revenue account for six months, tho general balance- sheet, and the details of revenue and expenditure. The capital account showed the total receipts to be ¡-Capital, £534,700, in £50 shares ; deben- ture bonds, each £100, £450,200 ; less amount of debentures paid off, £33,400. Total £957,500, against a total expenditure of £969,51010s. 2d. Tho general balance-sheet was as follows : Torecolpta, aa per capital atatomont.. £957,500 0 0 To reserve lund .. .. .. .. 21,170 13 0 To revenue . 10,452 10 2 To interest on debentures ., .. 10,031 2 O To Bundry claims against the company 2^537 14 O £1,011,002 0 2 By expondlturo, as per capital atate "n^nt , .. ,. £009,510 10 2 By Colonial Bank . 10 417 12 7 By Colonial Bank deposit .. .. ' 10 0 O By National Bank deposit .. .. 20 0 O By interest suspenso account.. .. 0,213 C 7 By stores. 15,411 4 8 By emergency account. 450 0 O By debentures In Colonial Bnnk .. 3,000 0 O By sundry dalma due to company .. 0,020 7 2 £1,011,002 0 2 The chairman moved the adoption of the leport, which was agreed to. After the other business of the day was concluded, the Hon. G. Harker moved, and the Hon. W. J. T. Clarke, M.L.C, seconded, a vote of thanks to the directors. The meeting then closed. DIVIDENDS AND MEETINGS OF PUBMO COM- PANIES. The Commercial Bank held its fouith half yearly meeting on the 5th February, when the balance-sheet and report were presontod and adopted, A dividend at the rate of 0 per cent, per annum was declared, payable on Monday. Mr. L. J. Sherrard was re-elected director, and Mr. Guesdon was appointed to the place at tho board vacated by Mr. T. M'Comhio. The half-yearly meeting of the proprietors of the Bank of Victoria was held on the 3rd February, when the report and balance-sheet were adopted. A dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum was declared. Tho shareholders of the Southern Insurance Company have held their half-yearly meeting, when a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum was declared. Three directors were appointed to the vacant seats at the board, and auditors were also elected. The second ordinary general meeting of the National Insurance Company, was held on the 5th February, Mr. Georgo Bolfe in tho chair. The report, which was considered verysatisfac tory, was adopted. Two balance-sheets had been prepared, in one of which the prelimi- nary expenses had been treated as an asset, amounting to £2,283. Tho meeting, how over, on tho motion of Mr. Sargood, adopted that in which it did not so figure. The Australasian Insurance Company held its ordinary half-yearly meeting on the 2nd February. Mr. J. Graham, M.L.C, inthechair. Nothing new transpired. The directors' report and balance-sheets in tho fire and marine and the life branches were adopted without dis- cussion, and with a few congratulatory words from the chairman, the proceedings ended. i VICTORIAN GOVERNMENT DEBENTURES. On the 9th ult., at noon, the Treasurer of Victoria (tho Hon. James M "Culloch) pro- ceeded to open the sealed tenders which had up to that time bsen received for Victorian Government debentures to the amount of £300,000, to be issued under the authority of the Publio Works Loan Act, I860. About a dozen persons were present. The Undor Treasurer (Mr. J. C. Symonds) read out the conditions of the tenders, viz. :-That a de- posit of 10 per cent, on the amount of each tender, in cash, bank draft, or marked cheque, must be enclosed with the tendor ; that the debentures would be dated Janu- ary 1, 18G9, and be made out for sums of £100 and £500 respectively, redeemable in twenty-five years from the dato thereof ; that tenders must state the amount of roto per cent, offered, oxclusive of accrued interest ; also the number and description of deben- tures required ; that the debentures bear in- terest at the Tate of five percent, per annum, secured on the consolidated revenue of tho colony, which will be pajablo in Melbourne on the 1st of January and 1st of July in each year ; and that the terms of payment will bo ten per cent, deposit, the residue by instal- ments in equal proportions, payable at in- tervals of two, four, and six months from the date of the acceptance of the tender. The bon Treasurer then opened a sealed envelope, and, reading tho enclosure, do declared that the minimum price fixed by tho Government for each £100 debenture would bo £99 10s. (J por cent, discount). Tho ten- ders were then opened in their respective oider, after which the Treasurer announced that £321,000 had beon tondored for at and above the minimum. , > I IMPORTS AND EXP0RT3 The following table givc3 the imports and exports since the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period1 of 1868 : Week Imports. ending. I 1808. ! £ Jan. 2.. 212,880 Jan. 0.. 230,520 Jan. 10.. ¡ 248,100 Jan. 23.. - Jan. 30.. 242,901 321,700 307,885 222,071 310,340 353,055 340,004 410,708 317,132 300,507 253,442 227,020 Feb. C. Feb. 13.. Feb. 20.. I ' 1 2.102,410 2,417,722 2,048,530 2,612 250 Exporta. 183,577 414,009 493,509 213,774 800,773 531,002 377.252 73,983 1809. £ 207,700 000,200 247,180 418,410 73.509 301,017 323,043 312,372 During tho first period the account stood thus : ! Imports .£2,102,410 Exports . 2,043,639 Balança ot exports over Imports ? £540,120 During the second period ¡ Importa .£2,417,722 Exports . 2,512,259 Balance o! oxports over Imports £94,537 Comparing the above periods with each other, the results are as under: Imports In 1808 .£2,102,419 Importa lu 1809 . 2,417,722 , Increase. £315,303 Exports in 1808 .£2,048,539 Exports In 1809 .2,512,259 Decrease. £130,280 STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on February 20, 1869 -.-Brandy, 5.919Í hhds., 43,720 cases ; rum, 9481 hhds., 131.ciases; geneva, 101A hhds., 83,590 cases red, 4,275 do, green ; whiskey, 699J hhds,, 3,728 cases ; gin (sweetened), 13 hhds., 6.4ÖG cases ; cordials, 604 cases j spirits of ' wine, ' 10 hhds. ; other spirits, 3 hhds., 6,733 coses ; wine, 5.348 hhds., 17,261 coses; beer, 2,054 hhds,, 10,991 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufactured), 1,288 half - tierces, 938 quarter-tierces, 11,631 three- quarter boxes and boxes, 8,147 cases ; do. (unmanufactured), 293 hhds. and casks, 439 cases, 2,114 bales ; cigars, 533} cases ; candles, 706 chests, 29,534boxes; kerosene, 121,393 coses ; cocoa and chocolate 143 cases; tea, 29,485 chests, 67,025 half chests, 46,232 boxes ; coffee, 0,063 bags, 20 titrées, 73 casks, 212 barrels ;' chicory, 406 c8iCB ; sugar-Mauritius, 23,517 bags ; Ma- nilla, 24*119 bogs ; Java, 18,806 bag^ ; other, 596 tons, 45 cases and casks ; opium" (pre paicd), 49'packages ; oats, 16,040 bags ; hops, 966 pockets r rice, 134,207 bags, 50 barrols j salt, 9,313 boss ; vinegar, 232 cases, 307 j casks. ,' , MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus polee, Saturday Evening*. Tho Import markets have boen Bpccially charac- terised by dulncsa «rid nant of animation ; with vory low deceptions tho Bales effected' have» been of tho most trifling description. Complaints of Inactivity ware very provalent provlotu to tho mall'a arrival ; anil after the oxcitomont of receiving- and porriainç homo advices was over, and business onco moro aottîod down Into Its former channel, tho dulnoss soomed to return with greater Intensity. In btdk boora wo have to noto tho first'arrival of tho now brew of sovoral ol tho brands. Dundoo goods have been ncgloctod, and oven at tho dcoline recorded on saeta no saloa can bo mado . gunnies have como largoly forward. Candios havo d¿ cllnod in value. Comont is also lowor. Coffee shows no alteration; supplies of new oro Bhortly expected. Confcotlonery is Armor. All sorts of fish have mot with attention. Fruits aro still unnoticed In breadstuff business has boon Yory limited. Oats have mot with speculative atlention. Hops and malt aro lowor. lu motáis wo observo a somewhat Improved tone. In oils, korosone has attracted attention, and on castor a serious dociine has taken place. Rico is vory do pressed ; tho now Patna was offered on tho 20th, but no sale could be effected. Salt has Improvod. Sugar has boen extensively dealt in at bettor ratos. In (Ino teas, considerable sales have been effected ; tho canto of tho Doon was offered on the 26th, and about half tho cargo was disposed of. In tobaccoos, thoro has beon exceedingly Uttlo done. A fair amount of busi- ness Ima been transacted in tirnbor. Wines and spirits (more especially brandy) aro vory depressed. Alo and Stout.-The only ieaturo of a spooial cha- racter worth roforrlng to In this markot during the month Is the arrival of now beor, in anticipation of which tho agents for Bass mado a cloarance of old shipments In tho beginning of the month, and saloa privately wero recordod lo tho extent of 700 hogs hoads, atpriecs which however woro not allowed to transpiro. Last week tho quittance of tho first ship mont of tho now of this brand was roported. Tho entiro consignment of 100 hogsheads was takon up in ono line, and £8 to £8 6b. ia now required for small parcols. A small conBignmont of the Car lisio Companj's new, which carno to hand, also was' disposed of lu a rotail lot at £716s. Last season's make of this brand continuos to bo placed at£0 to £ß 10a. Joule's old brew finds buyers at £7 2t. Od., and of llorrlan's there is still a small parcol of tho old brow on hand, which is being slowly got rid of at C7. Bulk stout, in the absonco of supplies, has beon muoh «anted. We hear of tho first shipmont of Whltbroad's now having been sold to arrive at £017s. Oil. to £7. To bottled ales has boon accorded comparatively little attention. Tennant'a has mot with a pretty free inquiiy at 10s. Foster's has boon disposed of In retail lota mostly, at up to 10s. 6d. Allsopp's has moved off at 9s. Od. Blood's has boon Inquired for at Da. fld. Consignments of Joffrey's havo boon takon up at 9s, 8d. For Arrol'a wo quote Ds. to Da. 3d. Busineaa in Hull's has not comomucli undor our notico ; we o uoto" 8a. Od. to Da. Salea of Aitkon's havo boon made at Sa. Ud. to 8s. Od. Saucol's brow has boon quilted it 8a. Od. In bottled stouts, wo havo nothing to report boyond an ordinary demand for tho supply of trade require- ments, and values havo undergone no alteration. Wo continuo to quote for Heury White and Co.'a, 0s. Od. ; Burko's is wanted at Da. Od. ; Edmond's pig brand baa been sold at a Uko figure ; Blood's at Ds. Ud. has mot willi most inquiry, tho sales reported of this brand being very consldornblo; Machon'a, In Bound con- dition, baa been bought at 9s. 6d. A shipment, ina faulty Blato, was got rid of under tho hammor at 7s. to 7a. Od. Mackio and Gladstone's, according- to quantity, can bo purchased at 8a. Od. to 0s. ; few salea, howe* or, havo boon mado public. Byass's has been wanted, and 8a. Od. would bo paid. Sales of Borthvelck's have been mado at 8a. 3d. to 8s. 4Jd. Of tho two latter brands, as far as wo can learn, tho markot is vory bare of Bupplios. Boots and shoes bavo figured to a most trifling ex- tent in tho transactions of tho month. Undor tho hammer a couple of hundred casca or thorcabouts may have beon disposed of at tbo various sales. Bagging,-Operations in cornsacks havo beon on an insignificant scale. Only a fow small lota for trade pur- poses vero takon up in the beginning of tho month at 13s. Oil. and 14s. About ten days ago, however, a parcol of sixty- flvo balea was cleared oil In ono lino at 13a., and prices sinco havo ruled at 13s. to 13s. 3d. Woolpacks are out of soaaon, and do not, therefore, cornniandany notice Small parcels have boon placed at 3s. 7Jd. Withgunnioa tho markot ia largely supplied, tho Portlaw and Duke of Edinburgh having brought to hand close on 1,000 bales ; the market ia conse- quently somewhat depressed. Candles, after tho doparluro of the last mall, evinced a decidedly w eakcr toudency, Undor the influence of operations based upon an anticipated abort shipment, the markot stiffened slightly, and duriug tho second Meek of tho month about 6,000 boxes found buyors, Tho entiro quantity advised by tho mail waa nlnety iiiiio tons, and of that it waa found that about oigluy flvo tons aro on board of one vessel, tho Koslln Castle, sinco arrived, and sixty tons como to ouo firm, 01 which over 3,000 boxes havo been sold to arrive ; but noiw ithatanding this, tho Neva Company hare thought it piudcnt to reduce the pilco of tholr brand to I'M., and all speculative tendency In the article has for tho present been in consequoDco dispelled. Not a »ingle transaction has been roported for nearly a fortnight by private contract, and only a fow hundred boxes havo been not rid of at tho auction salos. For best brands, Brandon's and Do Koubalx, 12d. ia still asked, but bales could not be made at that figuro. Cement has not been so firm. Importora, previously holding out for more money, cleared out In tho beginning of tho month somo 700 barrols at lös. Ud. to 15s. Od., and sales of outside branda woro modo na low na 14a. 3d. Sinco tho mail's arrival, moro Urtu ness has been expected to bo shown, freights having advanced at home ; and this item forma a vory con- siderable portion hi tho cost of the article. For best brands, aa much as 10s. Od, to 17s. ia asked. A ship- mont of 450 barrels, in faulty condition, was quitted at Sa. Gd. In American plaster, little bualness has como boforo us. The sales effected havo ranged from 10s. to 18s, 3d., according to brand. Chemicals have not beon marked by much anima- tion, For soda crystals thoro has boon llttlo inquiry sinco tho closing of the uool soason ; and asshlpments aro continued ou rathor a large scalo, atookB, undor the cxiailng slack demand, must accumulate Sales havo been made to arrive at £8. Carbonato of soda has been yory dull at £1710s. Caustic soda has ruled at £18 buyers, and £10 sellers. .No business has been reported, holders and importera having refused to respond to tho movement attempted to be Initiated at tho first- named quotation. Flowers of sulphur aro steady at £24; the demand la not largo, nor on tho other hand aro stocka extensive. Tartarlc acid main- tains last mouth's quotations of Is. Od. to Is. 8d. Sales of cream of tartar havo been mado at from 12d. to 13d. Prepared opium has ruled at 25s. ; a rise invaluo is rcportod from the Chinese markets, but stocks boro aro too heavy lo permit of a corresponding advance, moro especially as the Cblncso holidays lu» o intorferod with business to a considerable extent. Chicory.-A very moderate inquiry has boen ex- perienced; but as stocks aro not heavy, prices havo boen very steady. Sales havo been mado at 3d. to 3}d. In bond {or beBt brands. Coffee.-No changea havo occurred in tilla staplo sinco our lost report. Trade throughout has boon limited to supplying local requirements, and thoro has beon no demand for export. The nows to hand by tbo mall has not led to any excitement in tho market. ïho David and Jcsslo was rcporlod to havo sailod from Colombo for Holbourne on tho 7th of January. The Caroline and the Stanley wore loft loading. Wo quote for best plantation, for, trado purposes, OJd. to 9Jd.; Java, according to quality, rules at 7d. to 7Jd. ; nativo Coy Ion la valued at OJd. Confectionery.-Thoro has been a fair business doini?, and prices, owing to tho .Increasod value of sugar, aro stiffening. For Kolller's assorted lud. to 10Jd. Ib realised ; -VYothcrapoon's Is Baloahlo at OJd ; 250 casca of Schooling's confectionery woro disposed of by auction at prices ranging from 7d. to Is. ¡ jujubes ore disputed of at Is 2}d. to 1b. 3d. ;, assorted candied peel ia valued at 13 j d. Cordage-The demand lias somewhat fluctuated, and in tbo latter part of tho month oomplalnta of dulnoss ha\o boen vory provalent. It was at one timo oxpootcd that the manufacturers would bo com- pelled, owing to tho hlghor rates required for tho raw material, to raise tho prico of both ropo aud cordage ; but this course has not yet boen adopted, naif to three quartor inch cordago Is still Boiling at 8d. por lb. j and assortments of ono to four and a-half Inch sizes aro quitted at £00. Europo tarred ropo ia hold for £40. Tarred cordago has been quitted at £4710a Of Calcutta lines tho markot has beon bare, but sup- plies to a moderato extent have recently como for- ward. Seaming twines havo been quitted at 13d. to 13ld. i Fish.-Avery conaldorablo domand for all descrip tiona has rulod continuously throughout tho month, and, ling bolng scarco, higher rates lmvo boon ob- tained. Eales have been made at Od. to OJd., In this 1 respect presenting a marked contrast to the price of salmon, of which Bomo largo parcela of Californian, in lialt-barrolB, have beon taken up, but not above 63d. to Od. Sales of half-barrols wlilto horrlngs, sound, havo been mado at 20s. Od. to 27a. ! firkins aro, quoted Da. Bed horrlngB, in tins, roaliso 23a. J faulty lota were quitted at' 10a. to 18s. lib. , f rcsli herrings havo beon disposed of at 7s. to 7s. »d. Californian salmon, in ' lib. this, has brought 14a. Od. to 15a. ; and Sod toll has hoon oloared off at up to 16s. ? 3d. Sardines havo mot with a good deal of notico at 8s. Sd. to 8s.-4Jd, for halves, and 4b. lOJd. to 5a. for quarters ; in ono instance s line of 700 cases changed hands at closo on our quo- tations, lib. oysters havo been Bold at Da. Od, to 10s, Speculative attention waa at ono timo directed toward! ?lib., lobsters; the markot was cleared of outside lob by one firm, and 7s. Sd. is now demanded by holders, Fruits havo not attracted muoh notice. ' Currant« have been steady at 3]d. to 4d., but with tho excep- tion of tho solo of somo fifty tonn, rocordod a fortnight ago, the trade dono baa boon very unimportant Elcmo raisins havo boon quitted at 4d. to 41eL Cape raisins aro in slow salo at a similar figure. I shipment of vory suporlor now Valenoiaa waa placee at 4jd. Sultanas have boon got rid of at from 4Jd- U Cd. Figs main tain a nominal value of fld. ; thoro t no business doing. Dried apples rulo at Sid,, but are little noticed. , ] ?? . ,,,, Flour and drain.-The market for Uroadsliifls ha remained unaltered. Supplies bava como forward oi a Bcalo bo small as to prevent anything,but a hand-to mouth trado from bolng dono. The paucity of sup idles Ib tho more surprising whon it Is considered tha rom our own markets far botter returns oan be go than from any outside of us. The advices to han< from England are far from oncouragiog, for though a riBine tendency was exhibited Just prior, to th December-January mall's departure, yet what can poa Blblwbo dono in a market which would require ti have flour purchased hero at £8 lOs. to £0 Cs. free oi board, and wheat at Sa. Od. to 3b. Od.. bags Included In tho facoof eueh-advlcos It is the groatost foil; .to persist-In holding back eupplies from ou ownlinarlot, which. roturUB £12 to £12 10a. -io flour*, and 6a. 4d. to Bb. Od.1 for wheat. We observ that, notwithstanding advices referred to, ex porters from this side aro not to ho deterred iron testing the London market, tho Beigato having clears out with SOO tons flour, while B.00O buahcla wheat ar iin the course ol transhipment. Feeding grains liave evinced great dulness. Despite o' the heaviness of tho trado demand {or oat«, speculative attention waa directed towards tho market, which led to the salo of 00,000 bushels Now Zealand and 80,000 bushola Tas- manian at 4s. Sd. ; tho trade, however, havo not re- sponded to the movement, and ox prosa a very poor opinion of tho speculation. Maize has dcciinodto4s. 10d., at which there- is very littlo doing. Neivmalze lias come to hand, though not very freoly aa yot. Barley has not come forward in any q uantity. Quota- tions rule at from 3s. tf&U;>4s. Brknisstcadyatls. Od. to Is. 7cT. Colonial oatmeal is moved off at £23. Pearl bartoy Is disposed ofat £31. Furniture.-By auction^ a shipment of 850- oases American chairs was disposed 0[ *$ the. following rates :-Washington wood, brought 3s. ldi; Balti- more wood, 8e. ; floral wood, 2s. Id. ; common wood, 2a. 7d. ; double-back wood, 2s..9d. ; O O-do., 2s. Ud. ' wood office dark, 4s. 4d.-and 4a. 9d. ; light oak ofllco" 7s. 6d. ; Bay statt office oak, &r.; ; cane bock nurse, varnished, 7b. DU. and 8s. (Id. ; de: rocking do., 144* 14s. 3d. ; do. rosewood, 12a. 8il. ; Victoria splndlo back nurso oak, 7i. 6d. and 8j. Cd. ; ladles' dining oak, 7s. and 7s. 3d. ;. wood-float rooBionr, 7s, fld. ; d6, nurse, 6a. (Id. ; Astes? Grecian, varnished, 5a.; pott arm dining-, 2s. Id. ; do. law, 29. ; child's bent arm dining oak, 4s. ; do. ollico lo-ar, 2s. (k1., 2s. 7d. ; do. dining, 3a. 4d ; Everottdinlngoab, 7s.; four-drawer bureaux,26s.: three-drawer do., 22s. ; drew bureaux, 42a'. 6d ; towoi and wash stand, 4s. Id. ; common waro stand, 4s. Id. ; toilet table. 5s. Cd. Qunpowdor.-Tho dernsrrd has boen of tho most languid and unsatisfactory description, and tho busi- ness reported in consequence hua boen trifling In tho extreme. Prices Bhow little alteration on last month's quotations. Hall's is valued at*5¡¡d. ; Kames's ia hold for 6Jd. ; for othor brands 4}d.' to 5d. is required. Hops havo mot with but a very moderate trado In- quiry, and the lots disposed of nave not beon largo. The extent of the shipments being mado effectually deters buyers, and limita business to tho merest rotall sales. Kent '08's, common qualities, aro quitted at Is. 3d. to Is. -Id. Mediums havo been disposed of at Is. 6d. to Is, Od., and superior have realised Is. 7d., while a very superior parcel of Bavarian hopa brought the extremo figuro of Is. Od. Malt.-Tho utmost depression has provailod; and without anj thing beyond the action on tho markot of heavy shipments advised at tho close of clio season, the price has dropped in tho course of tho month lully 16d. per bushel, holdciB bolng no w oagor sellera at 10s. to 10s. 3d., «ho declined to accept last month undor 11s. ; and oven at those quotations sales of trifling lot« can with difficulty bo effected. Morcovor, a concession would not bo rofusod if by that moans the disposal of largo parcels could bo secured. Metals--Au Improved tone has porvadod this market. Pig-iron has advanced, and holders now ask £412s. Cd. and £415s. Â Uno of 10O tons of hematite «aa placed at £6, and -«as afterwards rosold at a slight advance. Galvanised iron finds buyers at slightly easlor ratCB, ¿628 bolng now accepted for Scotch 20 gaugo. EoglUih brands are likewise slightly lower. Ordinary brands, 20 gauge, have boon placed at £28 to £20 ; beat brands aro quoted at £31. Ex Comadre und Globo, olghty-ono cases Trident, 24 and 20 gauge, in faulty condition, wero quitted at prices longing from £21 to £24 15s. The day following, another parcel, «arno brand, was disposed of at £21 10s. to £21 15s. for soven feet, 20 gaugo ; eight feot sold.at £10 15s., and six feet at £10 5s. to £21 16s. Bar and rod iron has been placed at £0 10s. to £10 10s., according to brand. Stocks of plate iron in tho hands of the trado havo boon allowed to rim somewhat Iraro, and wo hoar of purchases being mado to arrlvo, In quantity, at up to £12, Two shipments, of about a hundred tons each, havo changed hands. Thoro la llttlo doing in sheet iron. Wo retain last month's quotations of £11 for assortments of Kos. 8 to l8, while assortments of 20 to 20 command £11. Fencing wire is dull ; small lots aro got rid of at £10, £17, and £18 for Nos. 0, 7, and 8 drawn. Under the hammor five tons Hibbel's No. i fencing wiro sold at £1117s. Od, per ton; five tons do. No. 6 do., at £12 10s par ton; twenty- flvo do. No. 0 do., at £13 5s. to £13 16s. per ton ; fifteen tons do. No. 7 do, at £13 5s. por ton ; ten tons do. No. 8 do., at £16 por ton. IIoop Iron, largo sizes, commands notlco at 412. Shot ia vory saleable at £31. Tin plates aro quite neglected Quotations remain nominal at 15 per coot, advanco on Invoice. For Munt?, motal thore is losa In- quiry. Values aro protty firm at up to 8}d to Ud. Ewbank's »alls are less active. Quotations rulo at 15 nor cent, to 17i por cent, off list. American nails meet with moro favour, at Improving rates. Parcels havo boen placod at 19s., and importera aro hopeful of establishing a higher scale of prices American hardware comes to hand more abundantly. Sales sf Collins'sandSharpo's heavy axes aro otföoted at 74s. Damaged heavies wero sold at 07s., and mediums at 02a. Quotations for heavy picks stand at 60s. American shovels havo boon quitted at 07s. Day'8 D. H. shovels, 31ln. to 30in., aro wanted at 68s.; other makora', samo size, uro saleable at 60s, For hollowaro 25 per eont. off list can bo obtained. Oils.-Tho American advices to hand by tho mall steamer havo imparted coimlderablo firmness to tho markot for kerosone, resulting lu somo rathor largo parcels changing; hands during the lost fortnight, andas the markot has been an improving ono ainco the beginning of the month, tho aggregate of sales reaches at least 21,000 cases, and values havo gradu- ally rlron to 2s. 2d. for Downor's, 2s. Id. for Dovoo's, and 2a. for Photolite, all in bond. Castor oil, undor tho pressure of largo arrivals, has receded to 4s, Od. in bond. Linseed is cosier, and has beon quite ne- glected ; for drums 4s. 2d. is accepted, and 3s. 10JJ. is required for bulk. Sales of colza havo boon uiado at la. 3d. for drums and 4s. for casks. Olivo oil is nominal at 0s Od. for drums and Ga. 2d. in wood. Shipments of Chinese oil have como largely forward ; considerable parcels have como in during tho last t vo da) s, and the markot, which has ORaln become very heavy, cannot bo quoted ovor 2a. Od. to 3s. Polar oil stands at £45. Oilmen's stores have mot with a vory brisk Inquiry, and as supplies havo not beon abundant, very full prices continuo to bo realised, l'loklos have boon In good request Common bi-uuda. havo brought, aa high aa 8s 3d. ; medium brands have beon sold at 0s. 0u,, and best brandB at 10a. Gd. Bottled fruits havo boon overlooked ; assorted aro saleable at 10s. Od. to 11s,, and black currants aro held for 11s, Od. to 12a. Ono pouud jams (colonial; find buyers at7s. Gd. to Ss. 0d,. and lib. English jama bring 8s. Od. to Os. 6d. Salad nils aro scarce, and command a froo salo ; quarts have been quitted at 21s. and 25s., and up to 28a. ; pints realise the extremo figure of 13s. Od. ; halves havo been Bold aa high as 8s. Od. Castor oil is in good request at 10s. Od. to 10s. Od. for pints, and Cs. for halt-pints. Sauces have found bujors at 5s. to8i. Od, Copers have boon sold at 5s. Od. for throo-oighths to 7s. for half-pints. Colman'» mustard, in 71b. tins. Is disposed of at 8Jd. to 8Jd. ; lib. tina bring Ila,, and half-pound tins 7s Keen's mustard la quitted at 8d, por lb., and 10s, Gd. and 0s. Gd. for pound and half pound tins. Thumb blue has boon placed at lOJd. vVliito starch is saloablo at 6Jd. Bluo starch is much wanted, and meets a ready sale at 5Jd. Quotations of sago stand at 2Jd. Macaroni and vormicolll are steady at 8Jd. Notwithstanding tho heavy riso at home in the producing parts, Blocks of popper aro too hoa\y to admit of any improvement. Whito popper Is very dull at Gd., and black poppor is quoted at 3]d, told. Provisions.-Business in this market is fast dwindling down to a moro nothing, and It will not be long before iliipmonts to this quarter will havo to i.easo altogothor. Trifling-parcels of Vasey's and Cooy's hams are got rid of at 13d. to 18td. Bacon brings Od. to lOd. Cbecso is in fair trado request at 12d. to 13d. , Quicksilver.-There is comparatively no domand, and stocks hang vory heavily on hand. Quotations aro nominal at up to 2s. Elco.-Wo aro unablo to refer to anything of an Improving nature in this markot. Supplioa still con- tinuo to come forward, though not to bo largo an ox tontus Eomo thno ago. The Cliusan, from Bankok, brought 300 tons early In tho month ; tho Aslo Mlncuro han arrived from Java with 0 BSO bag* ; tho JIaud and Helon has dropped in with 7,700 bags of Chlneso rico ; tho Portlaw, from Calcutta, with tho llret shipment of now Patna, arrived last wook ; and the City of Edinburgh carno in four days ago. About 10,000 bogs of tho Portlaw's «oro offored for salo lost week, it being the Intention of tho importers to storo tho balanco for a bettor markot, but tho salo provod a failure, not a singlo lol having boon disposed of. Our advices from Calcutta to tho 18th January ntato that two ships woro on tho borth ad\ ortlslng for frolght to Holbourne^-tho Seagull and Manfred ; but wo havo not heard that atiyTlco has beon contracted for thoir loading. It is roported that ono of thom will be vv 1th drann if her freight cannot ho let In the open markot. Tho Dagmar had arrived thoro on tho 5th Instant, and was loading for Melbourne ; her cargo, which was to consist of 500 tons of rico and 700 coso of castor oil, having boon previously purchased. Tho prico waa quoted at-4re. 7an, to 4ts. San. per maurid. Tho quality of tho new Patna rice coming forward this benson is superior to any that lias boon recolvod for j ears past. Thoro Is little doing in Java rico. Ex- ports from Java to tho . colonies aro still on a fair scale, tait.-Influenced by the falllng-off In shipments has risen in value, holders having gradually ralsod thoir pricca, and now ask up to £5 6s. Largo parcols, how- ever, cannot be quitted at tho quotations, but bujors views are fast assimilating to tli03o ol lioldors and importers ; stocks in tho hands of tho trado I eilig light. ' Soft Goods.-Thoro has been a Blight improvomont in trado this month, although tho amount of goods sold comes short of what Is usual in February ; the ro- tall bu; ors evidently ara profiting by past oxperlouce, and defer making their win tor purchases until near the time »lieu tho demand oxlsts. Imports,havo boon largo,and stocks linvo considerably accumulated, so that thoro Is a plontiful supply of nearly ovory description of goods ; in somo kinds an excess, Tho nowa by the mail regarding prices in the homo lunrkota was, upon the whole, favourable for holders, Tho advanco in linen and cotton gooda tended to strongthon prlcos, but no advanco upon previous rates has boon obtained. Wince} s and fancy dress materials havo boon In moderate demand. There has also boon a considera- ble quantity of tweeds made up Into mon's clothing, which aro beginning to be inquired for. English mado slops aro dull of sale. ' Sugar, has presented an improving tendenoy throughout the month. The Catliorino arrived on Tuesday, the 2nd February, and tho Formosa en the 3rd, both from Mauritius ; and tho nuturp of advlcos to hand to 24th Booomhor boa tondod to stiffen vahíos and gave the market a fresh start. On the 4th tho balanco of the Marguorlto's cargo of Bourbon Bugar, amounting to 7,407 bats, was offorod undor tho ham- mer, and Bomo 6,600 bags found buyers at, In some Instances, an iniproicmont on provlous ratos, vorj low rations brought from £23 10s. to £24 63.; lirownB realised from £28 6a to £30 ; low groj counters, £32 to £33; medium counters, £31 16s.; vollow counters, £30 10s.; yollovv orystala. £38 15s. ; and good yellow crvilals, £10. Al tho sale of damaged on the day following, oxtromi prices wore reallsod-pnces which showed an advanci if equal to 80s. on sales of sound. The ratos ob tallied for damaged parcols aro not usually taken as i crltorlon of the markot, but tho fooling of tho tradi was Indicated on tho occasion referrod to by an luimo diato ruBh whon tho salo was ovor to clear off tin balance of the Bourbon sugars offered tbe day pro vlouj, which resulted in tho disposal of somo 2,001 mats, at figures which certainly could not be go Xhon tho parcel was attempted to bo sold at auction t tlie auction salo of the Catherine's Maurltlu sugar, on the 0th, n good deal ot oxcltemont pre vailed, and an advanco of- 20s. to 80s. was said t havoibeon established. The cargo consisted of (1,38 bags and mats, the whole of which found buyer Low counters brought £33 10s. ; medium oounten £36 109. to £30 10s. ; - fine yellows, £38 10s, yellow brewing cr j étais realised £S7 10s. to £3 6s.; grey crystals, £41 5s. to £42 5s.. and fl, white crystals, £43 15s. The cargo of Mauritius si'.ga per Formosa, amounting to 0,01t) bags, was pivolic offorod on the 11th, asd dlapoi-'ed ot at 20s. Od, to Si for.lowtomldàlIngrailona.SÏer. to 33a. Od. for middling to good browns,Ma. Od. for middling grainy yellow, éfa. to 40s. 6d, JÖr Uno sollow, and 41s. to 41s, Od. lor Io\v to mlddllljtr white. The sat» wont off very spi- ritedly, and a rito of fully 20a. per ton was estab- lished, rrtvatcly, a Uno of 1,000 lings brown sugar was placed art 81s. Od., and somo 1,200 bags Java and Mauritius woro sold for export at £37 16s. for jollow grainy to £80 for yellowish crystals. On tho 17th the damaged portion of the Jan Potor's cargo, 2,420 baga, Was got rid of at fair prices, condition conjUlorcA On tho 18th tho entire cargo of Natal sugars per Sea Nymph waa dlBposcd of. The aalo created a pood deal o! Interest amongst tbo trado, and tho wholo (2,111 bugs) mot with oagor purchasers at prices which, showed an advance on previous «ales of llaurltrao- and Java. Vory low Byrups wore quitted at 22s. to 22s. 3d. ; low to good rations realised 20s, Od, to 30s. ; low counter sorts brought Sis. to 32a. 0d, ; mtdcTltng to good count«», 33s. Od, to 35s, 6d. ; and flnosf- yellow crystals wero placed at 40s. to 41s. 3d. Salas privately to tho extent of a fow hundred bags Mauritius were madV the samo day at from 37b. Od. to 40s Tbo Jan Peter's cargo-tho sound portion-was submitted to public competition on «Se loth, and notwithstanding tho quantity offered, «he Balo went o» in the most spirited manner ; indeed, there appeared at ono timo to bo quito a scramble for somo of tie lots, a fact which then is- no doubt points to an early advanco iuprlcoa. The cargo conBlated of 11,501 togs of Java, every bag- of which was disposed ol at 80s. io 30a. Od. for middling yellow ; for grey crystali« 38a. Od. to 30s. Od. was obtalnod"; and white cryataSrreilisod 42a. to 42s. Od. 1,050 bags- of Mauritius suffi-r wero sold at the same timo at equally satisfactory pricos. Thero has been loss doing* this week, hut though tho quantity placed on the- market baa boen small, moro difficulty bas beon me» with In getting rid of stocks. Tho sales compriso about 1,700 bagB of Mauri- tius, disposed of by auction, which realised 34s. for middling countors and 30s. Od. fur good. 12a. was got for middling and 48s. for Ano white orjstals. 2,400 mata of Java sugar woro offered at tho samo time, but tho whole had to- be passed in, the biddings not proving satisfactory. VU Adolaido, advices have boon rcooived from Mauritius to 16th January. Tho clearances to the colonies up to that datowore-tho ClaraSayoreand Tosso forSydnoy. The vessels loading woro the Helen, for Port Phillip Heads, for ordors ; and tho Lily, for'Molbourno and Goolong. The romalnlng portion of tho Cathorino's damaged uns sold on tho 25th, whon' 1,801 bags and pockets wero cleared off at vory full figures. Tea.-Messrs. J. Curio Robertson and Co. report in their usual monthly circular :-" Sinco tho rocoipt o advices by the last China mail, which arrived hero on the loth Inst., holders have ovinced moro confi- dence as to tho future prospects of this markot. Tho Btocka gl\ cn out in the different poets in China show a material reduction, with little on > tho wator for our colonies; but notwithstanding the abovo (although higher prices may rule, particularly In tho finer grades, not now obtainable from your markot), wo cannot look forward thia season to any thing but a loss to Importers, our stocks hold hy thom and tho trade generally being bo much in excess upon pro\ loua years, and tho same sorious result must Inevitably follow noxt season should we havo anything approaching the enormous quantity wo have lately received. The position of our markot now would linvo presented a much worso aspect had It not been that wo commenced the soason with a stock so low as to induco rotallors and doalora to purchase beyond their requirement?, In fearlof,not having suffi- cient stock to carry thom ovor until tho arrival of the present season's ; thus tho holders of cortalu descrip- tions havo no outlot for quitting stocks avon at a ro ductlon upon present prices. Unless speculation stops in (which wo doubt,stocks being- too oxcosalvo), it will tako some considerable timo before tho marKot can rccov or from its prosont lethargy. All descriptions of congous havojbeen In request, in llmitcdjquantitiea, at vory unequal prices. Our quotations, ho» ovor, aro about markot values, with e\coption of fino to finest Kalsow congous, which aro getting scarce, and fotching good prices. Auction Salos.-On tho 3rd inst., tho entire cargo of tho Chloftaln, consisting of 10,620 packages, was sold without rosorvo, aud fair prices obtained. On tho 26th inst., tho cargo ex the Boon from Foo-oliow was offorcd, consisting of 8,168 packages, and tho nuctioncra auccooded in selling 4,020 packages at about our quotations, tho rcmatndor boing withdrawn, Humorous othor salos havo transpirad unworthy of notico, Tho deliveries for tho past month havo been 142,0281b., against 730,7221b, at samo timo last year. Tho Btock in bond in Mclbourno is 6,&04,684lb., against 3,003,3321b. at samo time last year. Our quotations aro: -Congou-Dust and alf tings, 8d. ; brokon Foo- chow, lOd, ; ordinary to good oidinary, lid. to Is. ; mixed leaf kinds, Is, OJd. to Is. 2d. ; do., with little flavour, Is. 2d. to Is. 3d. ; do. blackish loaf kinds, Is. 4d. to la. 6d.; do., strong, Is. 6Jd. to Is. 7d. ; do. Btrong, with flavour, Is. 7d. to Is. Od. ; do., kalsow kinds, rather Btrong, Is. lOd. to 2s. ; do., pokoo souchong and pokoe flavour, 2s. Id. to 2s. 3d. ; do., uno rich pokoo-souehong flavour, 2s. 4d. to 2a. Od. ; do., vory fine do., 2s. fid. to 2s. lOd. ; low Tay shan, 4}d, to 5d. ; souchong, common, Ib. to Ib. 2d. ; middling to One, Is. 3d. to Is. &d.; ; oxtra fine, none ; orango pekoo, scouted ordinary and brokon, Is. 6d. to Is. 7d. ; do., good to fino, la. 8d. to Is. Od. ; do., finest country kind, 2s. ; long leaf, Canton loaf, 2a.; capor, secute J, common to middling, nono ; do., middling to fine, Is. lid, to 2s. Id, ; do., finest, none ; hy sonskin, Canton, nominal, 4d, to 5d. ; tmo common to fino, none ; hyson, common, none ; good to (Ino, none ; finest, none ; young hyson, Canton and Twankay kinds, nominal, la. ljd. ; good yellowish leaf io fin« hyson flavour, none ; gunpowder, Canton, good to fine, nominal, Ib. 8d. to 2s, ; country kinds, nono ; Imperial Canton, good to Uno, nominal, Ib. Od, to lu, lou.; country kinds, nono. Abovo quotations are at per lb. In bond for cheeta (boxes bolng worth 2d. per lb. moro). Duty on tea In Victoria, 3d. por lb." Timber.-Transactions havo not boon extensivo, but tho demand for trado purposes has boen vory stoady, and pricos havo been well sustained on tho wholo. On tho 2nd, tlio cargo ox Lucy and Adolaido, from Mtttyborougll, Quconolnml, wiw niTarod by nuottnn 5,034ft. sawn cedar boards, lin., Hin., ljln. and 21n. thick, Sill, to 42in. wldo, roallsod 5d. por foot superfi- cial ; fl 014tt. 8ln. Wldo Bay pino plans. 17s. 3d. par 100ft. Buperflcial; 5,702ft. 12x3 and 10 x lil do., 17s. do. ; 1,108ft, do. l8 x 1 do.. 28s. do. ; 20,000ft. 12 x 1 do. shelving, dressed, 0s. Ed. per 1,000ft superficial ; 28,000ft. 6J x IT. and G. flooring, do., 8s. 3d. por 100ft linoal ; 17,O00ft. do. woatliorboarda, rough, 6s. do.; 3,600ft. 3x1 battons, four to tho foot, Os 8d. por 100ft. suporilelal. Ex Prosperity, from Klohmoud River-01 olear pino loga, containing 63,20911., wero disposed of at 13s. 3d. to 14s, 8(1. por 100ft. super- ficial ; &,803lt. do. Bawn flitchos, 11s. Dd. do.; 10,000 (cet cedar flitchos, at 13s. por 100ft. do.; 0,383ft. do,, at 10a. do. Considerable parcels of shelving, cloar pine, flooring, both whlto pine and apruco, laths, Kaurlo pino, and doora, woro got rid of yostcrday at very full prices. Ex Solomon, 107,054ft., 12ln. to 18ln. wldo, realised £10 17a. Od. to £11 ; 21,S00ft. 1. and Q. flooring, Oin. to 141n. wldo, brought £10 12a. Gd. ; 8,530ft. clear pino, ljln. to 4in. thick, and lOln. to 2Gin. wldo, realised £17 2s. Od. ; 04,000 laths, 4ft. to .4}ft. were quitted at 20s Od, to 86s., and 16,000 4Jft. to 5ft. pickets wero sold at £8 10s. to £812s. Gd.; while 1,660 doora woro disposed of at prlcca rang- ing from 13s. Od. to 21s. 3d. Ex Siam, 127,000ft. whlto pine sholving found buyers at £1016s. to £10 17s. Od., and for 100,000ft. whlto pino T. and Q. ceiling £D 17s. Od. was accopiod. 135,000ft. sawn Kauri pine, ox Moa, brought from 12a. to 20a. 3d. Of tho quantity offorcd on tho 10th only a little flooring w as disposed of; tho offers mulo for the Lottio alaria b deals woro refused. Wo also noto tho disposal on same day of 2,978 deals, 0x3, DDD brand, at 6d. to Cd. 1-lOth ; 710 pieces, WIUV brand, all faults, 0x3. brought 4d. IS lOtlis ; 676 pieces, 11 x 3, woro quitted at-lil. 15-lOths per foot 0x3, On tho 10th tho fol- lowing pareóla woro quitted,ox Siam :-71,000ft. clear pine, B0,00U fourfoot laths; ox Wloland, 70,000ft. vvhito pino shelving, 23 405ft. do. T. and O, flooring, 7,210ft. cloar pino, 306,000ft. T, and G. apruco flooring. Also, ox inlander, 4O,0O0ft. cedar,in log, at full markot rates. Tobacco.-Not tbo slightest sign of any tondoucy towards an Improvement has boon prosontoef through- out tho month ; only a trifling domand li ia boon ex- perienced for trado purposes, nnd for export, Inquiries have been equally Insignificant. Tho auction sales generally havo boon low and unimportant. Twists aro vory low in stock, but as tho dealers rofuso to ipoy tho rates requlrod, little lins transplrod In tlio way of sales. Tho advlcoB to hand by tho Panama mail wero of a. satisfactory nature. At an auction salo on tho 2nd of tho month, thoro was comparatively little dene, if wo oxcopt 100 boxes of Buchanan's, (tho gtcator part of which was placed after thq auotlon Balo), disposed of at 8Jd. In the courso of the following week bbIob of Venus and Two Seas w oro roported at vory full figures. At auction on tho 12th somo 309 packages woro disposed of. Tona realised 71d.; low half-pounds faulty brought Od. to 7}d. ; pounds, lljd. ; and half pounds, Od. to lOJd. On the 15th twists woro sold at auction nt Ib. 4d. to Is. 4Jd. : tona at 7d to 9d. ; and half pounds at 4(1. to Od., all ,moro or loas damaged. On the 10th, 810 three quarter boxos fourteen tiercoa and tluoo barrols ahoopwush tobacco wero disposed of ; barrols and boxes roallsod from 1-lOd. to 7-10d. per lb. ; and the tierces, 10s. Od. oaoh. SOOipackngcB,qunrtor-tlereos and half-tlorcos, nhpop wash woro also Bold privately. Our trado quotations aro-Common tens and half-pounda, Od. to 8d. ; medium, Od. to lOd. ;<bost, lOJd. to 12d. Aromática, dark, aro placed at lOd. to Is. ; boat roallso 14d. to lGd. ; and fancies, Is. Od. to Is. lOd. Twist, Korr's, Is quoted Is. 3d. ; St. Andrew, Is. 5d. ; ltavon, l8. Od.; Barrett's, Ib. 7d. to Is. 8d, Cigars.-Manilla uhoroots aro quoted at 05s, ; Hnvonnali-sbapod, 70s. Ormond Sw las, 36b. to 38s. ; Tnvorny'a bring 35s. A shipment of 1(16,000 Vuadors and Co.'a, a now brand, of suporlor quality, changed hands at a vory full prlco. Gorman clears aro valuod at 50a. to 00a, Best Hamburgh bring £8 to £0. Oonnlno Ilavannah command a range of from £10 to £30. .Wines and Spirits.-Wines havo mot with little attention. For good to modlum shorry, known brands, £40 to £54 Is obtained, and modlum to Uno realiso from £66 to £70. Ports have boon In, more request ; Forrester's and Boughton's have mot with buy ora ; for single and doublo diamond wo quoto £30 to £40, and up to £80 is obtained for fino quality. Common red wine has also boon more sought after ; c Sarcol equal to sixty-five pipes was cloarod off at £10. randies have been totally neglected, and to effect »aloa at all a tendoney to accept ot slightly lowor ratoi was ovinced by holdors lu tho beginning of the month ; no actual chango In prices, howovor, could be recorded, and since the mall's arrival holde« have shown an Indication of firmness, though In the absenco of sales thoro is little to guide us In tracing the tendenoy of the markot. By this mall wo loarr that neither Martell nor IIonneBay has declarod the prices for now brandy, but Olard'and Co.'aopontnj prlco for tholr 1808 vlntago. Is 1361, er equal te U». 3d. free on board. London, 1807, was quoted 6s 8d. Tholr case brandy was rated at 20a. Thi vintago of 1803 has Buffered to suck an oxtont a to cause It to bo estimated at not moro thai the third of ah average Quotations rule foi Martoll's and nonntssy's, at 7«. Od. ' OimreVs Is quote* 7s. to 7fl. 3d. ; Jules Hobin'«, 7s. ; O.V.P-. and Vino growers', 7a. ; Associated Vino) aril, 0s. 3d. to ß). Gd. B Fricro'a, Oi.; Control Vineyard, 6a. Od. Saloa e Ilennesay's cue have been effected at 20s. Martoll ia valuod »A, JS>. Od., Otnrd's at 2tts., Bonaull'a at 22s, and O.V.P. at 20a. Tlio Antoine Doro, advlsod t havo loft Charente on 20th December, reached thi port last week, Kum haa boon dlsposod of freely « 3s. 1'od. to 4s. for IO percent, o.p., and at 4s. 3d. fe 30, per cent, o p. A small, lot of Natal rum, 40 p' cant. ¡o.p.,roañBoa 4s. tatoly goneva duty paid., n mot nilli more attention. A couplo of, tho usai , casos V. H. and Co 's, duty paid, wero quitted 4 day. two ago at 48s. For Koy and J DKZ wo qu'jto 44a. 40s. In bond V. H. and Oo.'a is valuod otl2i.. ai JDKZat 16s. to 15a. Od. Whisky is In slow Balo 4s. Od. to 6a. Dunnvlllo'a realises O',., and In ca meots with a ready sale at 18s. to 20». MONTHLY WOOL REPORT. UcttS"*' ?\ Oo^SBROi/oit and Co. roport:-"Wool.' -At tiT . °l??r roPott,o« 'Mt month tho season was neariv b ""tght *? a »."».»»«»n, consequentb/thS extent of bus. '«osa tarwriwoted since thon lia» been about 2.400 biles, i. ricT feÄ?J"ll^mal,,.taln.od' and quotations have roJ"?T" «ft"1* f ,tn° "tos last advised, the continued U Tu/*,°l0, »?vlcos from the English markot having teno^ u'°,,rfsioro confidence. Tlio condition of tho clips bh. "ß"* f,ortTr« durinff tho month has scarcely boon 0n.ual J0/no avorage, a conBlderablo proportion being lu' inferior order. This ia genorally tlio oaso wiU> late shorn lots, and provos tho importance Pf shearing during the carllor summer months, In prdor to avoid tho grass seeds and dust goncraily preva- lent during tho extreme hot weather. A few largo clips from the colder districts have beon in vory fair order, and bare realised prices ranging up to lOJd. - per pound. Tho season continues dry, but thero are indications that the summor is nearly oror, tho weather this"lost fovv wooka having been very change- able. Tlioro'las beon a fair supply of ram In one or tvvo districts, but up to this date, although stovrerSjt'1 have boen froqtwnt, the quantity has boon nullo in-* sufficient for requirements. Sovsral dayl' steady rain is nueh needed, in orier to fill the waterho>ssand creoksr, and I usuro an abundant spring of grass for tlio coming w inter. Tile following- ships have cleared for Eng lantV during tho month with wool on board: Fcbraory 7, Highflyer, for Londbn, 1,008- bales. Maid of Judah, for Londen, 1,757 do: ; February 12, Champion of the Seas, for London, 3,920 do. ; Febru- ary IG, City of Manchester for London, 1,480- do., Lansdowno,-for London, 3,709 do.; Fobruary 20, Iteigato, forLoiidOD,*3,201 <!o. ; February 22¡ Esse*, for London, 1,14ft do. ; Fo,VJU»ry 27, KmproSi, for London, 5,600 do. Total shipments, 10,900 bales ; pre- vious shipiurnta, 172V178 balos ; 10101,103.0870)8108. We Rive tho following as-being thejrlces now current; ! Greasy.-Inforlor; 4Jd. to 5Jd. ; ordinary, Gd. to7d. ; overage to good, 7îd. toOJd. ; ¿¿"od to silporlSr, OJd. to lid. Fleece.-inferior, lOd. io Is. ; ordinary to , avorage. Is. 2d. to 1«. 4d. ; averagivto good, Is. 4d. to, ¡Is. 7Jd. ; good to orjporior, l8. TjdV to Is. lid. Scoured.-Interior, 0*. te lid.; ordinary. Is. to Is. '3d. ; middling to good! Is. 4d. to lav Bdi; good'to superior, Is. Od. to Is. 8d.' Hldos>-FSrce3 havo been fully maintained througrioal tho mooth, and flrat clasa hoavies may bo1 quoted at 4d. to ' 4Jd.' per pound, or up to 25s. each, whilst ordinary te medium aro wortli 12s. te- IBs. each. Tho aupply' continuos vory limited, an* we havo ire Bhipmonta» to ndviso. Tallow,-In consequenco of loss favourable advices from tho English market by this last mall, prico»havo declined to tho extent of fromVSfto £2 per ton. At theso lower quotations thoro is a better' in- quiry for,shipment, and wo have placed a tar quan- tity at from £30 to £33 for boof, £32to £34 fcr mliod, and £34 to £80 10s. for mutton. Clearance» are as follow:-Fobruary 7, Highflyer, for London, 101 casks ; February 7, Maid of Judah, for Londdn, 415 do. ; February 12, Champion of the Boas, for London, 487 do. ; February 10, City of Manchester, for Lcrttion, 740 do. : February 10, Lansdowno, for London,-43!». do. ; Fobrtaary 20, Roígate, for London, ISO do. ; Fe- bruary 22, Essex, for London, 83 do. ; Fobruary 27, Empress, for London, 177 do. Total, 2,710 casks."' The London and Austhalian-Aokncv Corporation; Limited, furnish the following monthly roport :- * " Wool.-Tho amouut of wool offered for sala by public auction during the month lias boon'llmitodt, '? and does not oxcood 2,738 bales. Competition has," howovor, been brisk, and no difficulty has boon oxpo- " rlencod in quitting tho wools whenever a ruodorato reserve has been flxod as tho soiling prico. Tho busy ' part of tho eooson 1808-O is fast drawing to a oloso, and - only a fow weeks can elapso- before noarly the whole of this season's clip will havo boon shipped, alroady.Bomo of tho ships on tho - berth expe- rienced a difficulty in obtaining wool freights, a surer indication that our season is drawing to n close. Tho prices realised show an advanco upon previous quota- tions of fully Id. por lb. This advanco Is moro no tico auto upon greasy wools, whioh havo boon oagorly com- . < potcd for by scourors for tho purposo of stock? . Tho closo of our season's sales offer a pleasing contrast to tho commencement. Our first sales wero hold . vi lion tho continuous bad now» from London hod rendered buyers caroloss of oporatlng in our staple ; tho inducements to speculate wore of tho moat meagre character ; and with such prospects it cannot bo won- dered at that our Bales lackou animation, and that few sales woro made ; growers os a rulo Inclined to ship, and tako tho chanco of an improvement in tho homo markot, in placo of quitting at the prloos cur- rent. This caused tho shipments lo bo much hoavlor in the month of Octobor, 1808, than tbo preceding 3 ear, 1SG7, amounting to 10,088 bales in tlio flrst-namod, . against 1,147 bales in tlio latter,proving the shipuionts to have been carllor this season. Wo find tho total Milpmonts to dato amount to 180,173 bales, agalust 160,847 bales to tho samo porlod of last year. At first tight It would appear as if our oxports of wool wore on tho incroaso, thoro bolng apparently an advanco in our Hipply of 20,820 bales against tlio samo porlod of last season, but such in roality Is not the case. At tho outset of this Boason wo predicted that tho clip would not only bo earlier, owing to tho favourable vvcathor for shearing operations, but the greater ? facilities for tho transit of wool to tho aoaboard quickly aro each yoar narrowing tho length of our season. Asa matter of courso, our shipmonla will bo heavy for tho first two series of sales in Loudon for the year ; but aftor those sales tho supply must ho light, and principally confined to fellmongers' wools. Wo aro of opinion that our production of wool has reached its maximum, ns tho large number of sheep being slaughtered for tho purpose of boiling down must havo an olfect upon futuro supply. The ship- ? ments of tallow for tho last throo months havo roaohod closo upon 3,000 casks per month-a quantity that re prcson's the produco of a vory' large numbor of sheep, and which must materially affoot our wool produotlon. Tho aovore drought which has for somo months aflllcted not only Victoria, but also tho adjoining colony, we aro happy to report as having now fairly brokon up in a succession of hoavy thundor-Btorms ovor noarly the wholo country, by which doluges of rain havo fallon and filled the duras and reservoirs, and causod many creuba nua nuiurcuurutxi tu tun <>i,m. u»v» uuuu poi fcotly dry for months bnek, produolng a frosh growth of grass, and thua supplying food and water for the stock, we havo reason for thankfulness that tho drought did" not continuo longor, othonvlso the conao quonccs must havo boon foarftilly disastrous, aa the stock havo beon reduced to vory low condition and would havo boon literally doclmatod, the losses alroidy sustained bolng vory largo. In Ttlvorina it ia esti- mated that upwards of 1,000,000. shoop and 100,000 head of cattlo havo already perished, and on ,ninny stations in Victoria tlio losses sustained havo been from twouty-flYO to fifty por cent., and in some cases still hoavlor. Othor causes, comparatively small in thomsolvos, such as an. onormously tnoroasod consumption of animal food, Its oxtromo cheapness (mutton having boon rotailod at Id, per pound by the butcliors), will further affoot supply, and will, wo ox pcot, combined with a healthier trado In Europo, on banco tho valuo of our Btaplo considerably. Tho opinion oxpressod by us at.tho outsot of tho soaaon that a larger proportion of wool would lib shorn lu the grcaso has boon fully verified. Largo parcels havo been scoured on the.stations and in town on ownors' account ; thlBliascountornotodaprepondoranco of greasy wools that othonvlso would havo boon, noticcablo in tho year's shipmonla. The growth and condition of this season's clip will bo quite up te tho general avcrugo, and wo ara glad hore to noto tho pro- gresivo Btops takon hy many vvool-grovvors tosond their wool to markot in tho host possible condition, endeavouring by auch moans to counteract tho surloua declino in prices that occurred at tho outsot ; tho labour and trouhlo oxponded will provo romunora tivo, as tho results aro constantly domonatratliip;. Wools well got up command, both horo and In London, tho keenest competition, and moot ready cale, and of this our growers aro becoming fully alive, and ns it is gonorally undorstood that tho notion of Government in respect to tho pastoral tenants of tho Crown, in regard to tho ronowai ot thoir occupation of their stations, will bo of a moro favourable cha- racter than was at one timo ox|>eotcil, thoro is a general disposition to improve both tho stock, by greater caro In breeding, and the landa uponwhlea they graze by fonolng, and making darna and reser- voirs for water, thus counteracting, to a conaldorablo extent, the vicissitudes of the climate. With au Improvement In tho homo markots for wool, and a settled policy on tho part of the Government, paMoral mattors. oasiuno a brlghtor aspoct. Quo- tations.-Qroasy-Inferior, 4Jd. to OJd. por Ib.; medium, OJd. to 8Jd. : good, 8Jd. to 10Jd Sllpo Low-, OJd. to 7Jd,; medium, 7Jd. to OJd. ; good, OJd... to 12d. Scoured-Inforlor, lOd. to 12d.->» moilium, . 12d. to 14d. ; good, 14d. to 17d. ; suporlor, 17d. to lOd. Flccco-Inferior, lOd. to 12d. ; medium, 12d. to 14d. ; good, 14d. to lOd. ; euporior, lOd. to lOd. Tho folFovvlng ahlpuionts havo cleared ainco our last, viz ¡-February 7, 1800, Highflyer, 1,008 baloa ; 7th, Mold of Judah, 1,767 do. ; 12th, Champion of the Boas, 11,020 do. ; loth, City of Munohoator, 1,480 do, ; 10th, Lansdowno, 1,700 do. ; 20th, Holgate, 3,370 do. : 22nd, I Essex, 1,14b do. ; total, 14,518 do. To which add pro I viona shipments from 12th Soptomhor, 1808, 171,055, do. Total. 1S0.173 bales. The weekly shipments havo . been os follow, viz. :-For tho week ending Jonuary 80,1800, 254,741 bale», value £10,702; do. Fobruary 0, . 460,600 do., valuo £83,448 ; do. Fobruary 13.1,028,207, do., valuo £115,203; do. Fobruary 20, 1,872,420 do., value £100,383; total, 4,542,018 do., valuo £277,820. To which add previous shipmonts from 12th Sop totnbor to 28rtl January, I860, 88,051,202 do., va|uo £2,802,624. Total, 48,103,220 bales, valuo £2 530.360. Tallow.-Tho Bupply throughout tho month lias kept paco with tho demand. Sales have bcon.cffootcd of ¡urge, consignments at full Tate*. Latterly, however,, since tho arrival oft the last mall, rates liavo rocodcd\ la. Od. por ton, at which"-roflílbílon tha,markot may bo reported steady. Thbv shipments ol the. month havo amounted to-2,534 casks. Wo quote mutton, to £8810s, and for beef and mixed £33:10». to £35 per ton. nidos.-A very activo doman! oxlsts among the local tannors, and wo havo effected sales up to 4}d. por lb. for wet country salted., No BhlpmonU cleared during the month. Sljeopskins.-A largs quantity of «kins aro reaching . town, and aro well compotod for by fellmongers - a ho aro now paying advanced prloos. Wo now qu-¿to good'station akin« up to 7d. per lb." Messrs. Habiinub Cunino jum and Co., report: "Wool-Transactions tinco our last roport have boon, limited, owing to tho fact of. all tho largor clips having boon either sold or Bhlppod » home on owners' accounts. At the six publie Bales liol d in Molbourno tho biddings liavo boen very firm, and ' if thoro had boon any wpols In good condition Bold oí «. quotation.-) would bo much higher. Tha advicos f n jra tho homo-market have boon of a moat satlsfaotory ? ¿haractor, and slilppors liavo a more'encouraging prospect for their cooslgnmonta than could have beor,, anticipated at tho commpneo-t , mont lot tho bcobp.h. Throughout tho soaaou thoro has been a ton-Josey towards an advanco, and from |Novombor. 10 tho prcaont date prloos have gradually boco mo firmer for all woola In avorago to superior cond jtlon, whilst ovon tho Inforlor qualities havo commar ,dcd attention, and lately havo aborod in tho Improv ¿mont In valuo. Wo aro glad to roport that there havo been heavy rains to the north, and although partial, wo may consldor that tho drought has brok en Up, and wo trust that the tears of the groat leases ?. ¿-hieb, appeared imminent to tho stockholder« In tho, Riverina districts for the want of gnu» may not I- é realised. Freights remain at }d. for washed »nd ^d. for greasy wool. Prices obtained at tho sajes ha (o boen as follow:-From 4id. to 9Jd. for greasy 1'id. to lOJd. for aoourod, 10d. to WJd. for fleece 'f ho total shipments of wool from Soptombor It, 1803 to Fobruary 22, 1800, woro 100,631 bales, ; da from October 1,1807, to Fobruary £0,1808, 160,837 bales ; corresponding period, 1800 and 1807, 143,883 baloa. Probable quantities to bo taken by the fol!owln( «hlpa.ivlz. :-Talbot, 820bales; Somorsotshlro, 1,500 Empress, 5,300. Shoepakins.-Tho market has uoei vory busy, with advancing prlcos, owing lo tho favour able news from London. Slnoe our last roport wi have sold 10,000 skins, at from 2W. to 3Jd. nor lb tor eliortvvfoollod, and from 4il. to 7Ja. for long woolled flklns ; looso skins, front 2s. 10d,, to 4s dil. each;'pelts, from 7d. to COJrt. cuh ; í,,-^, peltB, from« 2d. to Cd. each; and '.m-s-klns from Cd» to lSd. each. Hides havo bton wo'l competdel for by tho tanners, who nwB pili from 12j. to 25s. each ; and 3Jd. t . M _", ,b* »,_ ?calf tkn s. , We haye sold 1,020-tilder d°l-JTi°j¿£; .There aro no shipments to report t fa h ,&, .-This market i has. boen dull compared with lato, « jiiHi-g prices, on account of ,he dj"coumglng noW:1 ,trom Lngland.tad cJ«ioiatif jnB "Q £2 ,)6f Wloiver.' '9"I îîlcB """O""'«5^00 P «kogo, at from £35U0s. tu I £3610s. per ton^for g^a mStton, and from &V;Í to , .^34 per ton for sVtlon "bcod. Tho'shipments ' ' i aÄ°,unt »? 2.6t2 oas ¿& *nd l8 tanks. .Kangaroo Skins, i i-JThere haa-beer , gooi jemand, hut the supply has boen'llrnlttd.. P.rfces havo ranged from 4s. to 17s. Od., perfdoien, affording to siro Basils havo'brought I « ,»om"8,*'Vlolß|d- POT lo. 'Horns have roalisodtfrom .a7e.-i0a.no'i83, the Jonghundrod." i . - - v'TmELBOURNE LIVE STOCK MAHKET. ' " Messrs, Daliimioy Caumem, and Co. report : *" I¡at Cattle-During tho past four, -wooks a con- siderable improvement In tiro price of catPo has taken place, best beef now nisking fully 30s. =plr 1001b.-Bay '? bullocks from £11 to £12, supplies being moro mode rato "otu! of bettor qudity. We have this wcok sold -^-SO bullocks, prime audhoavy weights, for Mr. James 'f bryson, Heyfield, at "from £10 5s. to £13 2a. Od., averaging-'£12 2s. "'Cd. ; 02 do., forälesara M'Donaleí . Brothers, Berwick, ot from $7 12s.-"Gd. to £10 2s. Gd., «rverngiPg '£8 18s. Od.; 160 do. for'Mr. William Pearson, Kllmarry-park, at fröai £7 12a. Od. to Sil, arroraglng^SlSe. 4d. ; 60*oowa and bullocks for Hr.,-Pearson, at £7 11b. Sd.-; 40 cowa for Messrs, Turiibull and'Hendcrson, from Loyang, at £014s. Gd.; and<47bead,vlor -various owtiois, at quotations. Fat ' -Sheep.-72¡<OS haVo passed through tho yards since lant month, which is again very much in oxccss of tho Tcqulrcmonts by the tewn'trado, but tho'markct has ,- .been relieved by Vierooat-prcsorvinK companies, and » prices' hare advanced wiitin tho last few weeks, 561b. wethers now soiling at 12s. Our sales this week havefbeen :-1,421 vvothers.for Mr. William Hamilton, Sugarloaf, at 10s. ; 'SOI for Mr. John Edols, Iuglo ston, Ballan, at fr<-£j 10s. 3d to 12s. ; 350 for Air. ' Adams, at 0s ; 117Í!ws, for Mr. James Morrl», Yan Yean, at 0s. ; also, -4,000 wethers for Mr. A, D. Boll, Geelong, at' quotations ; anS (outside) 828 ewes for Messrs. SeVcrno Brothers, Benduck station, at Gi. Store Cattle -This market still continues quiet for all descriptions, but thero are very fow first class lots dflerliig. 'Vel do not, howovor, look for much amma- - tion'untll all tbo danger from bush fires is over, and fresh feed abundant. Wo havo this week sold 400 cattle for Messrs. Evans Brotbora-bullocks at £3 ISs , cows at ' £2 ' 15a. ; terms about equal to cash. We quote-Mixed Boxes over two years, 60s to 00a, ; cows, 40s. to 60s ; speyed heifers, 60s. to OS' : bullocks, 76b. 'to' 8Es. Store Sheop.-There ha > boon moro inquiries lately, but \ery little business dono, as tho rains »to an yot only partial. Wo havo sold 2,000 owes and wethers at a low figuro. Quotations nomina1.' ¡ TÜ5.VIÉW0F THE STOCK? AND SHARE ^' j MARKET. iBusincES during tho month has been of moderate amount, but a comparison of prices' shoWs that fluctuations In markot havo not beon great or mime rcfu". Tho moat important transaction of tho month was tlio successful Issue of £800,000 Victorian Govern- j ment flv o por cent, debentures, with twenty-Bv o years to>mn,i at-100 to 102 ; tenders were In oxcesa of tho quantity offered, the bulk being hovvovor obtained at,and abovdpar; tho minimum fixed was 00}. Vic > terian Qovornmont sixes'maintained tholr prlco all through tho month, and have nover gono aa low as 110,'LCloslng. at 1101 buyers, 111 sellers 'Bank ' shares steady. Gas shares maintain full prices Insurnuco stocks havo beon uncertain Mid shifting, looking duller than any other description of sharo security. In the mining markot thorc'lo a contlnu , ance of inclination towards quartz stocks, tho domand, however, flitting from district to district without any clearly assignable reason. The Ballarat alluvial mines aro, on the «bolo, dull and declining-. Tho non success, . so far, of Mosers. Smith and Carpenter In launch- ing: .Ballarat companies in London has caused no general regret ; the fooling being that tho ad- vantages' to tho colony of their projoots turn- ing: out well would not bo commensurate with ino injury wo should suffer by posslblo failure. The divldonds of the month havo beon largo, a consl , derableportion being thohalf-yearlyprofltdfstrlbutlons «" of bank, gas, insurance, and other companies making , up tholr balance-sheets to 81st December. From these '' companies the dividend) amount to £75,083 ; slxtcon quartz mines paid £10,010 ¡ oightcen alluvial, £23,800, equal to £48,770 Thy total dl\ idonds from all sources for the four weeks ending Fob 22 amount to £110,453. Debentures -Victoria Government sixes havo boon cold 'during the month at 110} to 110} ; somo fives have been placed at 102, and aro offorcd at that, Any fair* debenture security will now be taken roadlly Banks.-Colonial Bank shares, owing ta soma lutorual dissensions, receded about 5s, and ha\ e rallied 2], Gd. per share ; buj era at £8 Commercial Bank havo lin proved 2s, or 8s. per sharo, being-now worth (e\ dividend) about its much as they wero prior to ita being paid ; large purchases havo been mado, and the bank is prospering. Bank ot Victoria sold nt £41 ox dividend, and firm; sellers at £41 30s.I; not many obtainable. National Bank ro peatedly sold at £0 15s 0d to £0 10s. Od, and«- there is a fair inquiry at the lowor rate. Bank of New South Wales to bo had at £46. The Xand Mortgage has just complotcd the issuo of 5,000 new aharea at £2 7s , bolng 17J per cent premium ; ' shares in tho market at £210a, and £2 7a la bid We understand that Mi."W. P Muir,thomanagor,procoods to London by tho mail stcamor to make somo business arrangements on behalf of lila company, his careful management of the Land Mortgage Bank has raised it to'a respectable position from small ' beginnings ; tho -subscribed capital is now £200,000 Gas Coni ponleS^-Beudlgo Gas offered at £4. Collingwood quiotly'-ilrav Melbourne Gas sold at £0 ox dlv., and saleable ^ at' that. Oeolong Gas haye ,boon reported at £6V Insurance Companies -Austral- asian Firo and Marine havo bocomo dull, and the price has.declined ; «oilers at 12s Gd to 13s ; thore are hinlS that a call Is no1 "nlil..iy~. a-i-u»«^ Lite sold at 20t> cu 218. Australian Alllanco placed . at 20b. Od , and offered at that National Insurance . worth 7s. Od., Southern havo boen sold at 20s, Od. to 27s., ex dlv. j not many .offered-at any price. No chango lrf Victoria Life, or Victoria Firo Mines - Tho simio list contains tho latest quotations Baud and Albion Conso'.s-'havo declined from £0 2s, Od, to £4 12b Od. United Ovens have declined £1. Happy Valley havo fallen £12 per sharo. Patk havo llson 16s,^W"e,vvlngtorl havo risen £2 10s, Hand and Band havo rleen £8. North Hustler's h-vvo doubled In value.íflong Tunnel havo ¡¡ison £7 to £8 per share. '.North Clunes Combla have risen £4. Not many ' new ' companies floated this month. 'J ho divldonds duo or declared sinco our last mall report have been for v cole ending February 1 : Collingwood' and Fitzroy Gas (Including bonus), 12 ,pcr cent por annum ; Molbourno Ona, 8 por cont por .annum , Land Mortgago Bank, IO per cont. por chunum; Atlas, Springdallah, 6s por 1,408th; Ajax, J Cr-stlemnino, 0d. per 10,000th ; Happy Valley, t-T Bunning Creek, £1 por 3,000th ; Hopo, Wood's i* Point, Js 8d. per 12,000th ; Koh-1 noor, 6». per V 8 200th ; New North Olemos, £2 por 2,058lh. J For week ending 8th 'February '-Bank of Victoria, at rate of 10 per cont. per annum (£25,000) J Molbourno and UobBon'a Boy unltod Ballway, at rato of 7 por cent."f£18,714); Commercial Bank of Australia (limited), at rato of O por cont*por annum (CO.OOO); Southern Insurance Company, at rate of 10 per cont. per annum (£6,000) ; Ballarat Bank, at rato of 10 por cent, pcranmim (£2,417) ¡GcolongGos, at ralo of 10 por «ont per annum (£1,220) ; Williamstown Gas, at rate fef 10 per cent per annum (£2007) ; Albion, Stolglits, ¿v-10» per 2 200th ; Ballarat Freehold, 2s. Od. per ! S.COOlh ; Band of Hope and Albion Consols, Ballarat, . C8 por 22,600th ; Bonfilmw, 10s, per 3,300th, Extended i Sons of Freedom, Chiltern, 4s. per sharo ; Happy Valley, Bunning Crook, £1 nor 3,000th ; Koli 1 noor. Ballarat, 6s per 3,200th , Magnum Bonum, Mary ' borough, 10s per 456th; Sadowa. Talbot, £115s por 240th ; Spcclraon hill, Daylesford, 10s. por 1,088th ; United Sir William Don, Ballarat, Gs. por 2,000th. . For week ending 15th February :-.Bendigo Water- works, 2¿ per Bharo J Daylesford Gas at rato of 8 por cont. per annum ; Albert, Aloxondra, Is per 2,400th ; Black Homo, Egerton, 10a por 2,500th ; Catherine Beef United, Od per G5,C00th ; Costerfield Gold and Antimony, 5a por 2,000th ; Groat Gulf, 2s, Od. por 8,000tb; Guiding Star, 6s por 3,000th; Prlnco Alfred, Bendigo, £46 por lOtb. ror week ending 22nd Feb , mary ¡-All Nations', Matlock. 3s por l,O00th ; Alta and Nelson, £1 per Bharo ; Gluncs Company, 4s per 2 000th ; Galatea, Scarsdale, 6s por 2,200th (0; Golden Horn. 10s. nor 2,600tb ; Koli l noor, Ballarat, 10s per 3,2001h ; ,Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 10s per 460th ', Park, Ballarat, 8a per 12,800th ; Sadowa, Tal- bot, £2 10a per 240th ; Scottish and Cornish, 10a per 4 032nd. , Tho principal Ballarat district and other yields- this month aro thus summarised by tlio Star. -Albion"" ejuartz, Steiglitz, I,058oz. ; Albion and Trince of Waloo United, 717oz ; Australasian, Cres- wick, '297oz ; Band of Hopo and Albion Consols, 5 48502. ; Black Horse Quartz, 540oz. ; Buninyong Now, lOloz.; Brock o'-Day, 485oz. ; Bonshaw, l,070oz ; Costerfield Gold and Antimony, S4oz. ; Durham, 2S90Z. ; ExtcndodiSons of Freedom, Chiltern, GOAiz. ; Grand Trunk, Springdallah, 349oz ; Great Northern Freehold, 140oz ; Guiding Star, 276; GroatNorthorn7 Junction, 034OZ ; Great Gulf, 512oz ; Hand and Band, 2S8oz ; Happy Valloj Quartz, 4d0oz ; Inkermann and \- Durham, 226cfe. ; Junction, .Creswick, IlOoz ; Koli i f noor, I,449oz ; toviatiian, 025oz. ; Magnum Bonum, Mar) borough, 016oz J Sew North Clunos, l,516oz ; 1 Now Don, 800oz ; No*' Nelson, 72oz. ; Now Flag- staff Reef. 03oz ; Park, 2,I35qz ; Prlnoo of Wales, Cobblers, OOloz ; Port sPliilffp Quartz, 01111108,1,070 ( oz ; Queen VlUorla «îtsertz/, "60oí ; ßAottlsh and í Cornish, l,20>z ; South «Chin w, 50oz. ; St. Andrew, 240oz ; St Goorgo and Band' 0Í Hope, l.lOOoz ; i Speculator, ODpz. ¡Bado» »/Talbert, l,187oz j Working Minen.', 4860*. ;WobbUllo,!128oz.; Wallaby, 503oz SHIPPING AND FREIGUT BEPQRT Mr S¿ De Bkkr, writes on 28th February -"Aftor the largo shipments of wool,vvlilch hapo been made bincoitho oommonccmoct of the vv ool eooson, wl Ich began earlier than usual, it was mot to ho expected that exports would bo continued on tho somo scilo of magnitude, still tho month since dato of m) luted vices has ¿ot been barron in this "respect, eight ships, mostly of largo tollingo, having loft for England with full cargooo of produce, the -olifcf portion of which, ho» ov or, cohabiting of our greit pastor*! j^roduct, vi ool Tho clearances embrace tlio Highfljor, Kaid of Judah, Champion of tho Scan, City -of Manchester, Lans , downe, Beigste, Essex, and Empress, with tho loading berth eccupiod by tho SotuorseUMre, si, '** Agamemnon, Wavoof Life, and Talbot Consequent upon the woolioasou being now ncir its close, oargo > has become somewhat scarce, still rates of freight are firmly maintained /or the ships now loading fct last month s rates-vb;, gd for seourcd and Jil forgteasj, although several of our recent departures cogsffod email parcols at id leas, to onable them to fill up ¿ud j,ct to sea With respect te other descriptions cn' produce, fair .quantities are obtainable, at 60s lor tallow, leather 60s to 00s , bark, 60s, wheat, 40s A considerable number of passengers bav o left for Eng land in courso ol Uto mon tribut considering tho favour able season of the v ear for srriv al there, this brauch of business cannct ho said to be brisk Tho fine stexmot Somersetshire arrived (nour waters on the 12th tait., after a good passage of fility Qvo da) s, and will bo despatched for London on the 8th March with, it la anticipated, all her passenger accommodation occu pled The demand which existed during tlio early part of January for tonnage to load breadstuff* at tho South Australian ports tor England hu been auspendod in tho meantime, ewing to tho price of grain and flour thpro, compared lijtb valu« nillup; In tho homo mar J kein, precluding shipments; and theroaro consequently ne now engagements to bo reported on tho present occasion. Tho chartors effected during the past month have been to a comparatively limited oxtcnt, these reported comprising that of tho Annie Roydon nndiljûrabad, Nowcastle to Bombay, with coal», a' 84s.; Nereus and tho N. G. schooner Chusan, loul, » from tame port-the former for San Francisco, and Un. latter for the Mauritius, at rates kopt private. Tho "rateé offering for this commodity to the various potts i in Cliina aro not sufficiently tempting to Induco an acceptance of thom, and no engagements have there- j 'foro boen mado during the month, The current rat» are-Shanghai, 84s. ; Hong Kong, 20s. J Cheotoo M , Singapore, 21s. ; Bombay, 34s. ; San Franc'^ 8¿* A cqniilderahlo Remand ciists for slrippinp- aultsb'lo for Ihb'conveyanco of horses to Indla^otwlthatandim* which, howovor, only O'Tio ongoiement can bo ró° portcd, viz , that of tb0 Bremen barquo Wioland, 0001 terra register, to Ma'lros, at the lump sum ot £600, Tho Mogul, 80S tons register, prooeods from this in i ballast to S« w Elver (Western Australia) to load rail-, way sleepers lorBoinbayi attholump sum of £2,200 To I load guano at Malden Island, tlio Hadleys has secured 08s. direct to Leith in the Frith of Forth, and the colonial barquo Britain, 45s. for this port. There ate now several largo ships in the bay disengaged, all of which cannot now bo expected . to load direct homo ; but cither to China, India, or Call fornia, fair intermediate freights are at their disposal Tlio coasting trade, moro especially that with the Now Zealand ports, acorns to offer no remunerative employ- ment, for outsido vossols, tho trafilo, although a large and important ono, being monopoliser! by tho (Ino fleet of steamers ownod by Messrs, M'Mocknn, Black- wood, end Co, and tho established lines of sailing -vessels regularly engaged in the trade. Thoro aro no sales of shipping to bo adverted to this month. The Uno screw steamor Otago, belonging to tho late Panama and Now Zealand Australian Royal Mall Company, was offered for sale by auction by Mr James Lawrance, on account of hor i present owner, but bought ,in, tho highest bid bolng £12,500. This steamer ha« since been laid on tho berth for tlio Fiji Islands, her ultímalo destination bolng understood to be Japan." 1 SHIPPING OF THE M0NTH. POUT OF MELBOURNE. i , I AimiVALS AND t'LEAIlAhCES SINCE Olli LAST SUMMARt. I [B., British; ,A., Amoncan; Au., Austrian; Da,, , Danish ; D" Dutch ; F., Frouch ; Cn., Chilian ; P., ¡ 1 ^'ortugueso; II., Homburg; i Hn., Hanovorian , i I I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G" North Gorman, i S., Swedish; Sp, Spanish; Sd., Saidlnlàn; Bolg j jBolgian ; Br" Bremen ; Br., Prussian ; R., Russian ; i s., ship ; b., barque; br., biUr; se, schooner; ss , I steamer.) , , Tèb. " , ARnivan. , 2 Chosan, N.G. so , 230, G. P. Wagner, Bankok. Captain Wagner. I 2, Doon, B. b., 284, Peter Munro.Foo-chovv.foo.-B | Towns and Co. 12, Formosa, B. b,, 880, J. F. Hummoll, Mauritius. ! -Joshua Brothers. , 13, JEgldia et Taullno, D. s., 747, P. Hoôgland, I Manilla. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 4\. Samarang, 460, H. B. Do Groot, Rottorelarn - , Bligh and Harbottlo. u ' 4.' Jan Peter, 348, N. G. b., R. Molson, Samarang - 0\. Bu>n. 4\. T. D. Marshall, B. s" 680, Andrew Hunter, Lon- don.-E. Samuel and Co. , 14, Solomon, 728,, A. b., John Carter, Boston,-Os ' bprn, Cusblng, and Co. 14\. Siam, B. B., lil, Jos. F. Clovoland, New York. j B. Towns and Co. , , 6.,Mogul. B. b., 803, A. Blyth, London.-Geo. Martin I and Co. 12 Somersetshire, B, s b., 1,700, J. S. Atwood, London. 1 -W. P. "Whlto and Co. 12, Oslo, N. b.,330, L. Peterson, Frcderlckstadt.-0. 1 Tondeur and Co, l8. Himalaya, 1I.JJ.S. troop ship, 8,453, Shute B. Plots, Point do Gallo.-Captain Piers. 13 Sea Nymph, B. br., 129, A, M. Osborne, Port \- | Natal.-Turnbull, Smith, and Co. 17\. Avoca, B.M S.S., 1,481, 0. G. Perrin, Point do 1 Galle.-F. B. Kondall. 19 Portlaw, B s, 1,183, J. Curtis, Calcutta.-F. W. PrcllandCo, 21\. Glen Avon, B. e., 830, James Henderson, London. 1 -Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 21, Corona, B. b., 1,100, W. S. Orondaco, London. -Fenwick Brothors. 22\. Maud Helen, A. ))., 050, J. A. Thomas, Hong Kong. I -Parbury and Co. 22\. Asio Mineuro, F.b., 486, Joan Goujon Indraraayoe 1 (Java) -Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 22 Contnur, B. b., 188, T. Lockjor, Batavia.-K. Towns and Co. 28 City ol Edinburgh. B b ,501, J, Dods, Calcutta. Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 28\. Antoino Dor, F.b., 457, S. Noo, Bordeaux and Charente.-Curclor and Adot. 24\. Roslin Castle, B. s, 1,175, Richard Davidson, London_W. Crosby and Co. 24, Vimicra, B. s., 041, J. J. Garden, London. Holmes Whito, anj Co. 24, Joshua Bate», B. e., 551, Chas, R, Devlin, Hong Kong.-L: Kong Mener and Co. 26\. City of Vienna, 11. b , 900, J. il'Donald, Qreonock, -A. Macfarlan and Co. - CLKAHED OCT. Feb. 2\. Bombay, B.M,S.S., 008, J. D. Gaby, Point do Gallo, -F. B. Kendall. 2\. Hjdrabad, B. b., 1,340, B. Jones, Guam.-Bright Brothers and Co. 2, Niagara, B. b., 875, F. Kuhlmann, Callao.-0 Tondeur and Co. 3\. San Francisco, Br. br., 234, W. Schinonborg, Guam.-Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 3\. Theophane, B s , 1,624, T. P. Follett, Madras. Dickson, Williams, and Co. ' 8. Francos Henty, B, b., 451, W. T. Quayle, Guam J. Henty and Co. ' 6, Hadley, B. b., 348, W. Pain, Fiji.-Victoria Sugar Company. 5 Coringa, B. s., 884, S. P. Follows, Callao_Lord . and Co. 5, Tornado, B. 8., 1,721, S. Underwood, Callao. Lorimer, Marwood, and Bomo. " o, Vnlri o« JuJnU. JJ. o., co, ii, Ayllug, Loudon - "Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 8\. Highflyer, B. s, 1,200, W.^Harrlson, London W. P. White and Co. 9¡ Nightingale, B br., 240, J. H. GHI, Port Natal - Spcnco Brothors and Co. > 9, Anno Hoyden, B, s, 1,170, H Nicholson, Bombay, | vift Newcastle.-Virgoo, Son, and Co. 10\. Alfred,-B. br., 104, J. Buttaahaw, Levuka, FIJI - , ) B,R. Mathews and Son. 10\. Hippolyta, B. 8 ,853, W. Hudson, Diamond Island, ! Capo Negris -Dickson, 'Williams, ahd Co. 11.' Odin, S. b , 470, O. F. Horlln, Callao_Wilkie, ! \\\ olcll, nnd Co. llJSvea.S. a., 807, J. W. Frostdt, Callao.-Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 12\. Champion' of tlio Seas, B b , 1040, W. Baillio, . London.-Bright Brothers and Co. 16\. Sea Star, B. a., 601, J. H. Varey, London, vi« 1 Launceston.-Holmos, Whlto, and Co. ' 10 City of Manchester, B. b , GSO, J. D. Shand, Don f j don -Alex." Macfarlan and Co. 10.) Lansdowne, Bis, 750, D. B. Carvosso, London. Holmes, Whlto, and Oo. l8 Jan Potor, Pr. b., 843, B, C. Mollson, Guam. { Capten Mollson. 20\. Southern Empire, B, s , 1,534, R. M. Allen, Callao. -Dickson, Williams, and Co. 20.lDoon, B. b., 284, P. Munro, Guam.-R- Towns 1 and Co. 20,,Roígalo, B. s., 1,082, H. W. Norris, London. 1 J. H. Whlto and Co. 22\. Esbox, B s., 1,012, R. Ridgors, London.-W. P. , White and Co. 23,'Chutan, H. b., 260, G. B. Wagnor, Guam.-J. J. 1 Marshall and-Co. , * 24\. T. D. Marshall, B. s,, 089, A. Hunter, Shanghai, -E. Samuols and Co. " 26\. ACrolito, D. s., 000 Van de Eb^Java.-Victorian ^ Sugar Company. ?». ' .» 27\. «Empress, Bb, 1,818 E. Peppin Ellis, London. ' Scott and Co. 27\. Nereus, B.8., 1,008, M. Duggan, San Francisco, ¡ via Now castle. Lorimor, Marwood, and Rome. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE , j PARTUKE OF THE LAST MAIL. ' - " Feb. 2. Bombay, R.M.S.8., for Point do Gallo. Passengors saloon : For King Goorgo's Sound-Miss Clifton, Miss Morrison, Mr. H.' George, and Mr. Collinson. For Polpt do Gallo-Dr. Arthur.-For Suez-Rev. Honry England, Mr. and Mrs. P. Huddart, Mr. Kay and Misses Kay (two), Mr. E. Bartlett, Mr. S. Soleborg, and Mr. E. Gibson. For Calcutta-Mra. K. Johnaton, family (two), and servant, and îlr. Entier.-For Yoko- hama-McesrB. H. and A. Marks,'and Itosonthal. For Marseilles-Miss Bruco and servant, Miss Cornish, Rev. W. F. Goto, Captain Lyons, Captain Bishop, Mcbsis. H. K. Harwood, Murray, M'Hafflo, D. Sollg rann, and F. Genrd.-ForSouthamnton-Mr. and Mrs. Eldor, family (two), and servant, Mrs. Tooth, sonr., Mr. mid Mra. W. B. Tooth, family (nlno), and Borvant, Mr. 0. Bonrd, and Mr. J, R. Fogg. Fob. 8. Hlghflyor, for London. Passongors-cabin : Tho Rev! 0. T, Perks and Mrs. Forks, Mr, and Mrs. Walter 'Excel!, two children, Infant, and servant; Mr. and Mrs. Chapelle, two children, infant, and servant; Mrs. Harrison, three children. Infant, and servant ; Miss Lo Sauteur, Mr. and Mrs. George Fash, Rev. H. N. -Wol- laston, Mr. J. Ii. Field, Dr. Barry ; and 187 In second' and third cabins. ' ' ', Fob. 20. Roígate, for. London. Passengers-cabin : Dr. and Mrs.1 Lewis, Mrs. George, MIbs Goats, Messrs Forrest, E. W. Bradley, Robert Etheridge, and Ralph Lowo. , , Fte. 22. .. Essox, for London,-Passongors-cabin: Mr. and Mrs. P. Hay and two children, tho Hon. Charles Sladen, M.L.O., Mrs. Sladen, and Miss Sladen, air. and Mrs. W. A. Harley, Mr. and Mrs. 0. R. Carter, Mrs. Sutherland and four children, Mrs. II. B. Nicholas and Master Richard B. Nicholas, Mrs. Clarke, Misa Carr, Miss L. Carr, Miss Styles. Misa-Helen Lucy Bonbon, Miss Carter, Messrs. Arthur Evans, Andrew Lyoll, P. Hammond, Walter WíubIowo, William D. Dovvhurát, Hine,- Davonpert, R. Roynolds, J. F. Arnold; and Dr. Richard F. Hay; and Ila in the second and third cabins. GOLD SHIPS THAT J0LAVE SAILED. fSbo following ia a list oí tino ships taking gold vv^iol) havo sailed hence since tha publication of Our last summary, together with the Quantities and doatl 'nationa :- l Dave of Sailing. Ship. Destination. | Ounces, Fob, Fob. 21 Fob. 4} Feb. Fob. Si Fob. l8 Feb. l8 Keb. 20 Feb. 27 Wonga Wonga Bombay .. Dandenong Maid of Judah Highflyer .. City of Manchester London Lansdowne ..[London ..London Essex .. ..London 'Sydney , .Oillo 8jdney , ?London , London . 30 27,400 25 27,828 25,237 10,373 10,409 14,113 17,028 Ti.e total amount of gold exported from the colony since the beginning of tlio year is 201,010 ounces, of which ; 29,541 ounces were .transhipped from Kew Zealand. During the corresponding period ef the previous year, the entire qocntitv exported waa 387,011 ounce«, end of this total ¡31,332 ounces were from New Zcolcnu. ' STOCK AND SHARE J aST, -«miAT, FfB. 27. 1O0O000 300000 1 lOCOO» 22000 O0O00 80300 18S400 158S00 100000 20000 ' oooo Viet «*y%<. ftlwj (local), 6 per cent, tot Government (tocal), S per cent' Melbourne Corporation, 6 per cent. Ballarat Water. 8 por cent. Ballarat Municipal, 6 per cent. . Collingwood Gas, 7 per cent.^ .. Melbourne Gas, 7 per eent. .. ., Molb & H. B. United, 8 por «cut Do,7porcent. . Do , 0 per cent .. .. .. Do-, 6-per cent ricrsbn(N.Z)Gov)8pcrccnt . Otago Provincial Gov.. 8 nor cent .3 3" £ 41210 437C0O 200000 1OO000 eooooo 40000 SOO00 24008 14900 GGQOO 2080 24430 200000 12EO00 25000 20000 10260 1OOOO0 4O000 1O0000 58S70 17875 8000 37600 12383 50000 20000 12000 I 7000 i 32810 I I 534700 '?è i Public Companies. & &\ IIAN-K8 5 Bal. Ballig (limit) 7 Colonial of Austral. S.Commorclal of Aus I tralla (limited) .. 2Molb. Bank Corpo I ration (limited) .. 4 National of Austral. 20New South Wales. 25lJVictorla(l!clreg.) t Do. (London reg.) 2 Land Mortgage .. I GAS COMPANIES. 7 Ballarat 5 Bendigo 6 Castlemaine 6 Colling«'d&Fitzioy; 10 Day losfoid (limited) 4 Geelong 10¡lo'} Moll>ouni° { | INSUIUME. 2J Austral Firo k Mar. I Australasian Lifo . ^ J Australian Alliance? J National Flro Insur. 1 Southern Insurance 1 Victoria Lifo k Gen. 25 Victoria Firo i. Mar. I Mieci'M.Af.EOUB. 5 Bendigo Watorvvork 0 Gipps Lnd StcamN. 5 Hob BayR. ¡Sea Bath 7} Marítimo ívOoneral CreditCo (Limit.) 50 MelbournoE\ch'ngo 5 Ovens Watcrwoika. ll'lj P. Silver, St Arnaud 1 i 1 Studley Park Bridge 20 20 Victorian Ice 20 20 Warrenheip Distlly. I HAlLVVAVS, 60 '50 Melb.&Hob; Bay Ud Lost I dlv. ' percent por annum WINES. S 3 DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. Closing Priées. , 2000 22600 B800 i SOOO 4000 I 3200 400 1 100 I 240 C344 2600 4400 , 1000 1 4000 4000 2250 3200 2500 2660 I GOO 500, 4000 3000 12800 8343 GOOO 4032 1472, C448 4S0O Avonclift Baud of Hopo and Albion Consols, Ballarat .. Bonshaw, Ballarat .. llreak-o' Doy, Kokowood Buninyong, Buninyong Buninyong Now, Buninyong Clunes Alluvial Concordia, Daylesford Exchequer, Daylesford Extended Sons of Freedom, Chiltern Qoleleu Horn, Springdallah. Golden Luke, Scarsdale Grand Trunk, nappy "Vnlloy Great Gulf, Ballarat.. Do , new lssuo Groat Northern. Ballarat Koh-i-noor, Ballarat,. I Leviathan, Ballarat Low or Huntly Deep Lead .. Magnum Bonum, Maiyboro'. New Don, Ballarat .. Kow Ballarat Freohold Park, Ballarat. 25 Princo of Wales, Ballarat . \- St. George and Band of Hopo 15 Scottish & Cornish, Ballarat. 20 Sons of Freedom, Ballarat . ,1 6 United Albion and Prince of Wales, Ballarat .. 183IUnitcd Workiiigllinors', Bal. I 24Í-25 ? 8-8J lils -15s. Oi-10 7J-7Î 71-7: 4-4J «Hi SJ-4 NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 10600 4800, G000 2500 1O0O 10001 '2000, 3500, 4500 SOO 2000 8O0O, 3500 3500Í 5000 5000 2G00 3300 3000, 0400, 0400 1000 3000 lOEO' 8 All Saints', Ballarat .. 10 iBallarat Tunnel, Deep Creek 2 (Ballarat and Climes .. Durham, Ballarat Do., preforont .. Do , new .. . - 10 Enfield, Durham Great Extended, Eldorado . Do., Contributing .. Groat North-Wcst, Ballarat.. Groat No» thorn Junction Guiding Star, Ballarat Inkermann and Durham, Bal. Do , new lssuo Sew Holland, Avoca.. Do , new 21 Vow Prince of Wales, Ballarat " forth Star, Ballarat.. peculator, Ballarat .. 30 United Hand-in-Hand and 1 Band of Hopo, Ballarat.. j United O vens Gold and Tin, ) Jtfldurudo .. .. .. j* Do., Contributing iVinier's Freehold, Ballarat.. 4H& 1H5 8H 2Î-3 2Î-2* 2-3 0-7 5-6 DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 22500 SO 10000 10000 2400 10000 10000 2200 80000 1G00 20OOO 8540 2G40 1Ç200! 24S0 25Ö0 7CO0 7500 05600 14780 19S0 1200 82000 2000 1304 12000 10054 1710 15944 14000 3200 5 24000 1 1200 - .2400 12095 0040 23100 28000 SOO i ¡Alliance, Bendigo .. \- Advance Bendigo 1 Agamemnon, Bendigo 1 Ajax, Alexandra Albert Company, Aloxandra Albert, Maldon Ajax, Castlemaine Albion, Steiglitz 4800 12000 1200 20B7G 1200 19573 10000 2000 10000 2OOO '20OO 60OO 620 Alabama, M'lv or All Nations, Matlock.. Argus, Bendigo Al Castle Reef, Wood's Pt... Beehive, Maldon j. Bird's Reef, Bendigo.. 15 iBlack-hill, Ballarat .. Black Horto, Egorto» Brchk-o'-Day, Bendigo Bet Bet, Dunolly Catherine Reef United Claim holders, Bendigo Do (Mining, Crushing, Drain- ing), Bendigo j. Clunes, Clunes 17} Clunes United, Clunes 1} Comet, Bendigo 15 Costerfield, Hcathcoto 20 Crinoline Pros., Don'ly's Ck, 1J Dolby, Maldon Eaglchaw k Asso , Maldon ., Do. Vref ei onco. Maldon Do. Union, Maldon Ellesmere, Bendigo Eldorado, Lyre Bird Reef . Energetic, Bendigo .. Ev efflng Star, Ujipor Dargo.. Golden Bower, Donovan's Ck. [ Grand Junction, Maldon -j j'Grcal Britain, Bendigo 1 |Gt Extended Hustler's, Ben. Iîappy-gû-Lucky, Stringer's Crock 1J-2Ï 13s -10a. 21-23 2J-3 3M5 4}s.-5Js. 21-26 Happy Valley, Buckland Havilah, r " - . Inglowood nazai d,"AJ exandra Hercules, Bendigo Homeward Bound, Aloxandra Hope, Wood's Point .. .. ! Hunt's, Wood's Point Hustler's Koef, Bendigo J. U. ConnesB, Uppor Dargo Johnson's Reef, Bendigo Lady Barkly, Bendigo Lev iathaii. Black Elver Linscott's Reef, Maldon Llanborris, Ballarat .. Malakoff, Steiglitz .. Morning Star (Prospecting), Wooers Point Kelson, Maldon Novor-mind (Prospecting), Wood's Point Now North Clunes .. Nil Desperandum. Haywood.. North Gipps Land, Stringer's North Hustlor's Reef, Bendigo North DtvonshirOjBondigo. North Johnson's, Bendigo . Ophir, Inglewood .. Princo of wales, Mallook . lelOOj Tjlflojal Standard, Black River. 2000O - ¡Sparrowhawk, Bendigo 240o' 5 'Speculation, Maldon.. 7Ü0O 1 South Ajax, Costloniaino 840 10 Sth. Crinoline Amalgamated, Connolly's Creek .. 10 'South Crinollnofnovv lssuo)do \- ,Slr J. Franklin. Wood's Pt. 1 ,ßt. Mungo, Bendigo .. 10 Spoclmon-hlll, Daylesford . 10 Steiglitz . unity, Inglcvv ood ,, Victoria, Clunes Walhalla, Stringer's Crook . Wellcsloy, Strlngor's Crook. Wonderful, Daylesford ¡. Young Chum, Bendigo 800 2400 22500 10S8 2000 1400 opo 000 1200 180 200y0 10 7-8 0Js.-10}s. 10-12* 8|s -5s. ¿ii l18 -12J8. 1C3.-188. 181-130 7as.-8äs. lOs.-lOJs. 4s.-5s. 31-32} 76-00 NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. OOOO 3000 6400 20000 100 10000 24000 8000 40065 8000 82000 1800 3040 2400 .SOOOO 3000 2600 llOQO 1000 16000 14607 4000 20274' AlexondraMinlng 4, Crushing) Borb, Egerton.. Bristol Reef, Fryers.. Buxton, Rayvvood .. Criterion, Clunes .. Duihom, Maldon Eaglo, Bendigo Flying Scud .. Golconda, Bendigo ., Kangaroo Bob, Gordons Koh-i-noor, Bendigo., Longfellow, Strlngor'a London & Australian, Clunes 5 Long Tunnel, Strlngor'a ? Mariner's Reef, Maryborough Newington ., North Clunos Consols, Clunes Pioneer, Bendigo Pegleg, Bendigo ,. .Queen Vlotorla, Canadians .. u .Smilo of Fortune, Wood's Pt r- ¡Sarnia, Bendigo 2 £nndj Creek, Poverty Reef, I Tarnagulla .. 20 (Tarrengower Nuggetty Alli- ance, Maldon ß JTubal Cain, Stringer's 2} Victoria Reef, Bendigo \- fVlctorla, Gordons ., 3 tVcllcslcy, Egerton ., J. I White Horse, Egerton 8r-4 83-3J 32-35 6-61 18-18* 