WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1869 During the past twelve months there have been many indications of pros- perity in one important branch of colonial industry-namely, the making of woollen cloth. As yet the Barwon side mill is the only seat of this manu- facture, but it has been so favourably reported on from time to time that a rival establishment is proposed to be set up at Geelong, and several country districts have had it in contemplation lo erect cloth-mills of their own, that they might snatch some portion of the manufacturing prosperity about which they had heard so much. It has even been made a cause of reproach against Melbourne, that it has not yet been able to set spinning-jennies and power- looms in motion on its own behalf ; and the Geelongese have found frequent oppor- tunities to remind the capitalists of the metropolis that they have failed where Geelong has succeeded. So far Geelong is perfectly in the right. It ia absurd to commence an enterprise and not go through with it, and if one set of specu- lators go about the manufacturo of cloth, and persevere until cloth has actually been made by them, they are unques- tionably in a much more enviable po- sition than another set who build a cloth-mill and then stop short. We freely admit the superior energy and per sistency of the Geelong company, and, whatever the financial results of its en- terprise may be, its members are entitled to great credit for overcoming the many difficulties that beset the introduction of a new industry, and giving it a chance to root itself in the country should circumstances prove favourable. It may possibly turn out, however, that the indications of cloth-making prosperity to which we have referred, and which fired the soul of Malmsbury with a noble emulation to out-do Geelong in the making of tweeds, have been false and misleading, in which case the Melbourne speculators will have been wiser in their generation than the Geelongese. If, for instance, it should transpire that the Barwon-side mill is not a commercial success, and has no immediate prospect of becoming so, then it will appear that the Melbourne people were foolish in building a cloth mill at the Stoney Creek, but not so foolish as they would have shown them- selves had they gone farther and stocked it with machinery. And, so far, we fear, the spirited Geelong undertaking cannot be considered commercially suc- cessful. The half-yearly meeting of the com- pany was held on Monday last, when the directors congratulated the shareholders on the satisfactory state of their affairs, and desciibed their manufacture as established. The felicitations, however, were scarcely warranted by the facts submitted, and the condition and pros- pects of the company were not fully disclosed. But before attempting to deduce anything from the figures that were laid before the meeting in regard to the prospects of the company, we shall offer a few words on other branches of the subject. The Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Com- pany, as our readers will recollect, grew out of the agitation in favour of pro tection to native industry, and was expected to demonstrate to the public the soundness of certain protectionist dogmas. To send our wool all the way to England to be made into cloth, and then bring it back again to be made into breeches, seemed wildly absurd to the protectionists ; and the Barwon mill was to show how both wool and money might be kept in the colony, and how the wages of labour might be advanced by protective legislation. Well, we now find that the company's outlay on wool during the past half-year was £2,165, and on wages £1,796. Both these amounts are quite inconsider- able. How far a local expenditure of between four and five thousand pounds a year on wool, our exports being above three millions, will tend to steady the market, and secure to our wool-growers the full value of their produce, the reader can judge; and the expenditure on wages, being under £70 a week, cannot possibly affect the labour market of Geelong to any appreciable extent. We regret that the directors have not been more communicative in regard to the wages paid, that we might have a clearer notion as to how far the mill has fulfilled its mission, hy providing em- ployment for "our boys." Oddly enough, the only fact mentioned is that some skilled hands are expected out in the course of a month ; so that a manu- factory set up to absorb the surplus labour of the colony has actually to I import labour for its own use ! There is another point on which a little more information would have been acceptable, and that is the estimation in which the company's cloth is held by the public. The first lots that were put on the market realised factitious prices in con- sequence of the novelty of the manu- facture ; but it is understood that since then the price has fallen considerably, and all the more that cloth has been manufactured in England in imitation of the Geelong tweed, and now com- petes with it in the tailors' shops of the colony. Of course this spurious cloth is greatly inferior to the genuine article, but the forgery is difficult to discover except by the crucial test of use ; and it would have been reassuring to the share holders, and conducive to their interests, if the directors had informed them that means had been employed, and what means, to counteract the fraud. The difficulty that attends the introduction of a new article was referred to at the meeting, and no doubt it has given the directors a good deal of trouble ; but it is one that invariably attends novel en- terprises, and should have been taken into account when the company was being formed. The quantity of cloth made during the half-year was 35,000 yards, and the quantity sold 20,726, norn which it is clear that the com- pany's manufacture is not in such brisk demand as could be desired. As to the present financial condition of the company, we have some diffi- culty in making that out from the ab- stract of the balance-sheet that is given in the reports of the meeting. The balance to the credit of profit and loss on the half-year's transactions is repre- sented to be £2,196 17s. 6d., which would unquestionably be a handsome return from £21,789, which is the pre- sent amount of the company's paid-up capital and liabilities. But the directors had the appraising of the large stock of cloth still on hand, and it remains to be seen whether the public will take it at their price, upon which the reality of the profit balance will alto- gether depend. About one thing, how- ever, there can be no dispute. The com- pany has been three years in existence, and for a considerable time the process of manufacture has been going on, and a dividend (of 10s. per £5 share) is now for the first time declared. Speculative persons, with a leaning to protection, should duly consider this, and give them- selves the advantage of another half-year's observation of the spirited experiment now being carried on in the Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Com- pany's mill before they resolve upon setting up a rival establishment. Of course, we can have no other desire in re- gard to the company than, that it should prosper to tho utmost extent of the shareholders' expectations, and we shall be well pleased if subsequent balance sheets contain greater indications of prosperity than we can discover in the one that has just been produced. We have steadily opposed the various proposals placed before the public from time to time for the defence of our water approaches by means of expensive forti- fications on shore, The coasts of Port Phillip have no commanding sites for forts, martello towers, or batteries. Such structures could never be an effec- tual defence there. They could have been serviceable only in a partial degree, and even for that they would require a larger number of trained men to man them than the colony was willing, or is likely for many years, to employ. But for opposing such costly experiments we cited a still stronger reason- namely, the transitional state of the entire science of defence and attack ; recommending, instead of land fortifications, floating ones, such as block- ships, raft batteries, or an ironclad, as in any case of a more convertible character, and not equally liable to be rendered useless by the con- stant changes produced in these days by the untiring invention of the en- gineer and artillerist. It is very well that the colony did not lay out money in constructing bastions and batteries on terrafirma. Ramparts of all sorts as means of protection are now condemned, and relegated to the past by the Mon- crieff discovery. It seems that so far back as during the Crimean war Captain MONCRIEFF brought his invention under the notice of the authorities in London ; but the Horse Guards, with their cus- tomary horror of new ideas, would not listen to him, and the consequence is that the large and useless outlay which we were very near incurring here has been incurred, on a proportionately larger scale, in England. No less than five millions sterling have been wasted in the old country in erecting fortifications, merely because the Moncrieff project did not obtain a practical trial in time. Now that MONCRIEFF'S suggestions are at last tested, and that his discovery is proved to be a thorough success, the science of defence is simplified and completely re- volutionised, and most of those elabo- rate and expensive works will be pulled down ; for not only are they no longer wanted, but they will be inconveniently " in the way." Among other illustra- tions of the loss thus sustained by the blindness and neglect of the authorities, may be mentioned an order lately given for three hundred metal shields, on an improved pattern, for the protection of embrasures in forts and batteries. These shields, it is said, will cost a thousand pounds each : they are now perfectly useless, but the order is nearly completed, and the public will have to pay for them. No parapet or rampart of any kind is needed for the Moncrieff system nothing but a hole in the ground ; a gun-pit like the present rifle-pit, only larger. The Times, in describing the plan of managing the gun, asks us to imagine a rocking-horse in a pit. The heavier weight is attached to the fore part -of the rocker, so that the hinder part, on whick the cannon is mounted, is lifted out of the pit to be discharged. Tho force of tho recoil overbalances the weight at the front, and sinks the hinder part of the rocker down into the pit, where it is seized by " catches," and held down until the gun is reloaded. Then the catches are drawn back, the gun rises again, is again fired, and again by the recoil sinks into the pit, to be again seized by the catches. The process is so simple and expeditious that it is said the gun may be discharged every two and a half minutes, and that three men will suffice to serve a piece of ord- nance which on the present system requires ten. Aim is taken by help of a mirror, the reflection in which enables the cannon to be pointed just as accu- rately as on the existing plan. And it can be turned and fired in any direction whalever, which, of course, cannot be done from a wall, whether through an embrasure or en barbette. The gunners, moreover, are completely sheltered from any horizontal fire, which they are not behind a battery, where, while loading and pointing the cannon from the top of the wall, or through the embrasures, they are exposed to the long-range rifles of the enemy's marksmen. The only deficiency is against a vertical fire. The gun- pit is unprotected against shells. It, there- fore, needs to be casemated or roofed, and the necessity for the casemate in- terferes with the otherwise perfect readi- ness and simplicity of the arrangement. The want may be easily remedied where the gun-pit is used only for defensive purposes, around a town or camp ; but it is expected that the Moncrieff de- sign will be of extraordinary importance also in the active operations of an army in the field. It is quite as likely to be employed for assailing an enemy along his line of march as for repelling his attack on any particular post. A series of such pits not being cognisable at a distance, he would have no notice of them until his ranks had come within reach of their specially fatal, because rapid, fire. And, for thus surprising and harassing an adversary in the open country, the pit can scarcely be fitted with the casemate. We must not be too positive, however. It is not impos- sible that even here the ingenuity, of the engineer may devise a remedy. In any case, the drawback can only inter- fere to a partial extent with the im- mense value of a contrivance the grandest promise of which is to give a decided advantage to the invaded over the invader, and to the defender against the assailant. The Moncrieff invention abolishes the existing elaborate systems of forti- fication by providing the simplest, the readiest, and most inexpensive of sub- stitutes ; while it will effect as great a revolution in the service of cannon, at least on land, as the introduction of the breechloader is accomplishing in the use of the smaller firearms. With these wonderful changes, it is impossible to foresee what the next European wars will be like. Nearly all the nations have now completed the equipment of their armies with the now breech- loaders. According to tho Cologne Gazette, in the new German empire the whole of the infantry of the line and of the guard are provided with the needle gun, of which there is also a sufficient supply for the reserve and for the garri- sons ; and the arming of the landwehr with converted needle guns was decided JF^^ast June. All the French troops ''-l\\-y been supplied since last spring with the Chassepôt. Since the begin- ning of the year the Snider is universal in the English" army. In Austria, 300,000 men obtained the converted Wanzl last July. Russia assiduously hastens the supply to her regiments of the Carlen needle gun. In the South German states, Hesse, Baden, and Wur temburg have the Prussian needle gun in the hands of all their soldiers ; but Bavaria only began a few months ago to distribute the Werner gun. In Belgium the Albini was to be possessed by every soldier of the line by the 1st of October last. In July, Italy gave a modification of the Prussian arm to thirty-two bat- talions of bersaglieri. The. Danish troops all have the Remington rifle now. * Sweden, Holland, Koumania, and Servia have just introduced breech-loaders; and it appears that only three states Turkey, Spain, and Portugal-lag be- hind. Their troops - still carry the old musket, though in the case of Spain at least that want is likely to be soon amended. With the universality of this terrible hand weapon, the breech- loader, in one or other form, and with Captain MONCRIEFF'S new and marvellous con- trivance for defence, and for expediting the discharge of artillery, who can even venture to guess what aspect the next European war will present 1 So many stories have been in circulation lately as to the determination of the Cabinet in the matter of the changes proposed in the Hollway department, that it has been some- what difficult to know what to believe We think we aro correct in saying now, however, that Mr. Wright will be con- tinued in his office as secretary of rail- ways-an offico it is considered desirable to retain ; that Mr. Fehan will discharge probably under another name than traffic superintendent, tho duties lately performed hy Mr. Jeremy ¡ and that several of tho clerks whom it was proposed to discharge will remain, that the efficiency of the de- partment may not be injuriously affected. The proposed reductions in tho volunteer force, we believe, formed the main business of tho Cabinet at its meeting yesterday. A letter from Mr. MacBain, explanatory of his reasons for withdrawing from tho direc- tory of the Colonial Bank, will be found in another column. Ile states that he with- drew, not because it was proposed that advances should be made on wool on its way to market, but beeauso it was proposed that an agency for the salo of wool should bo esta- blished by tho bank in London-a business which he thinks is inconsistent with that of a bank. It is dilhcult to ascertain what posses at meetings of a semi-private charac- ter such as thoso of the directors of a bank, and therefore wo cannot but accept Mr. Mac Bain's explanation as strictly correct. Wo give in another column, in a report by Dr. M'Crea to tho Chief Secretary, tho opinions of a number of tho medical men of the city as to the suitability of the Immigra- tion Hospital for the treatment of tho cases of disease now thero. It will bo seen that nearly all of the medical men referred to are of opinion that no dttnger to tho inhabitants exists from the treatment of the patienta in that place. The statement that Mr. Scott, lato district surveyor at Camperdown, has been dismissed horn tho Civil Service is incorrect. Mr. Scott, in common with four otUer district surveyors, has retired from the department, their ser- vices being no longer required. It is true that certain charges affecting him have been madobyMr. Longmore, and into the truth or falsehood of these charges a board, of which Mr. Bindon is chairman, has been appointed. It is of course premature to an- ticipate the decision of this tribunal, but Mr. Scott's friends aro confident of his being ac- quitted. At any rate, the report of the boaid must be antecedent to any action of the Government dismissing Mr. Scott. It is stated that tho revenue from the Yan Yean received by tho Water and Sewerage department of the Government for the past ?year exceeds tho estimate of £05,000 by a few pounds. Tho Head-quarters band will play this afternoon, from half-past three to half- past five o'clock, on the Esplanade, St, Kilda. ' The following is the programmo :-March, "Clarine," Miller; quadrille, "Le Chateau a Toto," Lamatto ; selections from "Faust," Gounod; overture, "William Tell,"Kossini ; ?waltz, "The Galatea," Brünett; selections from "Traviata,1 Verdi; pollen, "Lancelot," Siede. The directors of tho Melbourne and Hob son's Bay United Ballway Company met yes- terday morning, and received evidence as to tho causo of the collision on the Biighton line on Saturday last. Tho conclusion was arrived at that the accident was attributable to the culpablo negligenco of certain of tho com- pany's servants, whom it was determined to piosccuto with tho utmost rigour of the law. Tho matter has been placed in tho hands of the company's solicitors, and legal proceed- ings will, in all probability, shortly bo taken at tho police court. We regret to learn that among the sufferers by tho lato railway accident on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Company's lino was Mr. Atkinson, saddler, Chapel street, South Yarra, who sustained a severo injury of the leg. A despatch has been received from the Duke of Buckingham acknowledging tho re- ceipt of au address by Her Majesty from the inhabitants of Tower-hill expressive of their sorrow and indignation at the attempt made to assassinate tho Duke of Edinburgh, In the Botanic-gardens there L> just now in flower, for tho first time this soason, the splendid waterlily, the Victoria regia. The ¿lowers expand only towards evening, and they closo again in tho morning bofore the sun gets high up, so that visitors dosirous of seeing tho flower should select tho early morning hours, or tho timo immediately before dusk at night. AVf' JO informed that it is contemplated to re estapi'àt telegraphio communication between £*¿C shipping-office at Spencer- street and tho ¿Custom-house. This arrangement will ma- terially facilitate the transaction of business and obviate the delay and inconvenience .which communication by writing involved. The Rev. A. M. Henderson, of tho Inde- pendent church, Collins-street, is at present taking a holiday in tho country for tho benefit of his health, and his pulpit for tho next few weeks will be filled by some of his rovcrend -brethren. The following pleas havo been filed for the defence in the caso of Alexander v. Jones : 1\. Tho defendant, by James Macpherson Grant, his attorney, as to the wholo declara- tion, says that he is " Not Guilty." 2. And for a further plea to tho first, second, third, and fourth counts respectively, tho defendant says that the -words m tho said counts respec- tively complained of were and aro truo in substance and in fact 3. And for a further ïlea to so much of tho fourth count as al- leges that the plaintiff gave to tho dofondant, who then received from'the plaintiff the sum of £00, tho tlofondant says that the plaintiff did not give to the defendant, nor did tho defendant then receive from tho plaintiff, tho sum of £00 in manner and form as is in that count averred. Mr. Alexander, we are in- formed, ia determined to persevere with tho action. i , We mentioned a day or two since that tho municipal services of Mr. J. B. Crews as a town councillor of Prahran for thirteen years, and thrice its mayor-or occupying the equi- valent position of chairman of the munici- pality-vero to he fittingly acknowledged on Lis forthcoming retirement from that branch of public life,' It is to the credit of the dis- trict that tho movement has not lacked encouragement or support both from those Who supported and those who opposed Mr. Crews in his political career, The testimo- nial which has been prepared by the burgesses is a handsome watch and chain and a purso of about eighty sovereigns, which are to bo presented to Mr. Crews at tho Prahran Town hall on Friday night next, at eight o'clock, by tho chairman of the "Crews Testimonial Committeo," Mr. Thomas Broadbent (of Broadbent and Kitchingman, of Melboumo). It is worth repeating that tho presentation is a strictly borough affair, 'and it is expected that a large number of local residents will bo present to witness the proceedings. The following specimen of servantgalism may, perhaps, intorest and amuso our readers ; -"To the Editor of The Argus.-Sir, having lived in England as a servant and being induced to come to Victoria about IS years ago and lived as A sorvanfc in this country I would ask you Why the Lawyrs and Merchants of Melbourno aro allowed to turn servant off their Premisses without Paing there wayges it was My missfortuan in the winter to bo engaged to servo Mr. as cook and when I Ask for My Wayp-cs ho ordered mo off his Place about Half Past 10 o'clock on A Saturday night and asured mo he could make his men sware to anything as I find that ho still allowes his men servants to go about swearing falseley I would like to know through tho Press his it simpley because I am an unmaned woman and A Protestant and therefore not a Dummy hoping you will oxcuse the incorectness of tho Writing or Spelling as I was broatt up in the days when English womon payed for their schooling." The committee of the Society for the Kelief of the Educated Poor met yesterday, at the office of Mr. H. S. Shaw. Present-The Bight Itcv. Dean Macartney (in tho chair), Mr. Holfe, the lion. T. T. A'Beckett, Dr. Cor- rigan, Mr. J. Blair, Mr. Greig, Mr. Shaw, and Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens. Four new cases were considered, and some which had been previously held over for inquiry were Anally disposed of. The general meeting of tho society was fixed for the 2nd of February. A memorial from a number of residents of Mornington was presented to Mr. Hodgkin- son, in the absence of Mr. Grant, at the Crown Lands office yesterday, requesting that the remaining portion of Phillip Island might be thrown open for selection. Mr. Hodgkinson promised to lay the memorial before the Commissioner as early as pos- sible. At a late hour last night Mr. Scott, lato of Scott's Hotel, Collins-street, was in so pre- carious a condition that he was not expected to live through the night. Ilis death had been almost momentarily expected through- out the wholo of tho after part of tho day. The young men of Melbourno must bo dreadful fellows. It was only tho other week that our old (young) correspondent, " Sairey Gampi" complained that the behaviour o£ tho kid-gloved young gentlemon who fre- quented I'itzroy-gordens during the per- formances of the band was unondurable. Her remonstranco, it appears, had no effect on tho obdurato breasts of the young gentle- men in question, and the consequence was that " Sairey " and her young lady friends wero forced to seek for some other amusement. They bethought themselves of boating on tho riveras ".a delightful chango,"and so they abandoned tho vicinity of the volunteers, and took to the water. Now, however, she writes to,us to say that shogained little by thechange. Listen to this yo young boating scamps : "Last Saturday I went up the river, and was doomed to bo annoyed by a lot of very effeminate clerks and boys, all with their yachting caps on, which to their watery imaginations seemed the crowning point of the dress. No doubt they were skil- ful oarsmen, but their delight seemed to be in running into the boats of less experienced crews, and forcing them on to snags or on to the banks. Wo kept our proper side, but our boat was nearly capsized, and so wero several others containing ladies, and all through the shameful conduct of these young men," who (as Sairey says), might at least havo lespected her bonnet and umbrella, if they did not mind her ancient face. At a time when so many small ventures are being launched, an Antimony Export Com. pany, which has just been started, deserves some notice, its purpose being to procure and export antimony to the London market. Tho company has by way of commence- ment secured a very likely mino, at Lower Costerfield, which was abandoned some years ago, when tho price of labour was very high, and crushing exponsivo. It is intended to begin work in a shaft al- ready sunk to the depth of seventy feet, the lode of the antimony-ore being thero oighteen inches to three feet and a half wido, and im- proving as the sinking progressed. The pro" moters of the company, however, have also promising samples from anothor quarter* The latest account-sales from London re- turned a high prico for the antimony ore, and the supply, we learn, is now almost ex- clusively obtained fiom Australia, the mines of Borneo, whence large quantities used to be exported, having given out. A market in England is at all times open for any quantity of Australian antimony, and tho company seems to enter on its work with a favourable piospcct of steady returns. The council of tho Acclimatisation Society resumed their meetings yesterday after the Christmas vacation. Present-Dr. Thos. Black (president), Lieutenant- Colonel Champ, Dr. Jos. Black, Mr. F. G. Moule, Mr. G. C. Levey. Amongst the correspondence were letters from Messrs. W. Grice and Co., of London, Mrs. Ramsbottom, Mr. P.L.Sclater, of the Zoological Society of London, and Mr. B. T. Firebrace, thanking the council for tho honour dono to them by conferring uoon them the society's medal. Tho president stated that notice had beon received from Hobart Town of tho intended shipment per Southern Cross of a quantity of trout fry in chaTgo of Mr. Buckland. The young fish are expected to arrivo on Friday next, tho 15th inst., when they will at once bo conveyed, partly to New Gisborne and partly to the Yan Yean Beservoir. The president also an- nounced having receivod several subscriptions and donations to tho society's funds, as well as '.applications for life-membership. The secretary gave notico of tho presentation to tho gardens of a magnificent tamo leopard. Tho park report was satisfactory as to the health of the animals. A young Formosa deer was born last week, and hares aro now to bo seen running loose aU over the park. The monthly accounts wore read and passed, and the council adjourned until noxt Tues- day. Tho annual meeting foi the election of churchwardens for St. Mark's, Fitzroy, took "place on Thursday ovoning last, and rosulted in thoro-olection of Mr. W. S. Kimpton, Mr. H. S. Barlow, and Mr. B. Crisp. The usual annual report was read, from which it ap- peared there waa a decrease in the revenue of tho past year as compared with tho previous year of JE85 6s. lOd. After tho report was adopted, a long discussion took place in reference to the tower and a peal of bells, which have been so long talked of. Mr. Baker asked what tho committee elected for this purpose had done, and what amount of money was collected? Mr. Kimpton re- plied that about £41 had been roceived, and they did, not seo their way clear to proceod with tho work and incur a debt. Tho Hov. R. B. Barlow spoke in favour of proceeding ; and Messrs. Crisp, H. S. Bar- low, and Weir having also addressed tho meeting, it was agreed to call a public meet- ing to ascortain if the peoplo were in favour of the completion of tho tower and the pur- chase of a peal of bells. t The annuol meeting of tho parishioners of St. Philip's, East Collingwood, took place on Thursday ovening last, for the purpose of electing churchwardens for 1869. Mr. W. Lynch was elected for tho parish, Mr. Edwin Turner for tho trustees, and Mr. Paterson for "the incumbent. Tho annual report showed the finances to be in good condition, a balance of £10 remaining in hand. The annual meeting of tho parishioners of Holy Trinity, East Melbourne, was held in the church on Monday ovoning. On tho motion of Mr. J. D. Pinnock, Mr. nenry Henty took tho chair. Tho report and balance-sheet of the committee showed tho financial position of the church to be highly satisfactory. Tho revenuo for the year 1808 had been £1,016 11s. 7d" tho offertory collec- tions and paw rents having exceeded those of the previous year by £161 Os. 3d. The expen- diture had amounted to £1,250 8s. 2d., in- cluding £303 for church- fittiugs and fencLnii the cathedral reserve, as well as £135 devoted to charitablo and missionary objects. Tho dobt on the church now amounted to £203, and that on tho parsonago to £461. Steps had been taken to secure a moro thorough visita- tion of the parish by the appointment, in conjunction with the neighbouring parish of St. Mark, of a lay-reader, whoso labours in the poorer and moro neglected parts of the district had been attended with grati- fying success. The report of tho committeo and the balance-sheets wore adopted. Tho incumbent, the Iiev. H, N, Wollaston, then made a statement as to his proposed visit to Europo, in tho courso of which ho explained tho arrangements which had been entered into with an eminent clergyman from Sydney to take the duty for twelve months. A lengthened discussion onsued, which re- sulted in the adoption of a résolution, pro- posed by Mr. Cowderoy, expressing the sym- pathy of the meeting with the incumbent on account of his impaired health, and its con- currence with the arrangements made for his temporary absence. Messrs. Jarrett, Leslie, Peimezol, Pohlman, W. G. Roberts, and Trollope were elected members of com- mittee. Votes of thanks to tho committeo and honorary secretary, to the auditors and to tho chairman, having been passed and acknowledged, the meeting closed. The usual weekly meeting of the com- mittee of tho Melbourne Hospital was held yesterday afternoon. Thero wore present Mr. Ilarker (in the chair), and Messrs. Gillbee, James, Lyons, Fenton, Gibbs, Levy, and Moore, and Dr. Barker. Alcttcr was read from the secretary of the Loyal Albion Lodge, M.U., forwarding a donation of £20 for tho hospital. The motion of which Dr. Baiker gave notico some time ago-that the com- mittee be empowered to employ non- qualilicd men as resident physicians, in consequeuce of the difficulty which had been experienced in getting qualified men-lapsed for want of a seconder. Tho remaining business was of a routine chaiacter. One of those clover stories that quick- witted rogues invont so readily as a cover for their rascality, but which aro nevertheless so charmingly simple and transparent, was told in the City Court yesterday by one Bernard lleynolds, who was charged with burglary. On New Year's Day, Mr. Bullows, a brick- layer, living in Cardigan-streot, Carlton, loft his house at about noon, after locking up all safe, and returned shortly before nine in tho evening to find that it had beou entered by thieves, and a large quantity of valuable pro- perty stolen. Tho matter was duly reported to the detective police, who soon discovered that prisoner had dealt with a portion of tho missing property-two pieces of black silk, perfectly identifiable. Tho material was worth something over £5, and prisoner sold it to a pawnlnokcr in Stephen-street, on the 4tkinst., for 33s. When first arrested he denied that he had bought or sold any silk at all, oven after seeing the man to whom ho had dis- posed of it, but now that it was clearly proved that it had passed through his hands, bo tried another line of defence, after this manner : "Well, wo had races New Year's Day, hadn't we ? Mo and two moio gentlemen went to them races in the morning, and couldn't get a car to como homo in. So, after waiting till past six, we started to walk it. Got in just afoio nine o'clock, and had a glass of something at the City Arms, when we parted. This hero as I'm charged with was done you say by half-past eight-so I couldn't havodoneit, that's plain enough. Then, how did I got the silk ? I'll teU you-I bought it and paid for it. On the Saturday night after tho races, when I was going to bed, a mate knocks me up, and says ho wants mo to buy something. I says I hain't got no money to buy anything, and he says its a bargain, and I may as well have it as anybody olse. So I goes to bim, and he shows me this hore silk, which he says ho bought for his wifo and she don't like it, and so ho would sell it to mo. After some talk I bought it off him for 23s., but only paid him a pound-which I owo him tho 5s. yet, only I ain't seen him since. His name is Brown, and ho lives somewhere tho other sido of Lonsdale-strcot, only I don't know where But ho ought to bo here, and so ought them other two gentle- men as como homo with mo from tho races." At prisoner's request the caso was remanded for a fortnight to look after tho said "mato andgentlemen." A case of somo hardship carno before tho magistrates at tho City Court yesterday. Michaol Carroll, described as a market gardener, of Brighton, has been in custody upon various remands for nearly three weeks, having been charged by a noighbour named James Kennedy with stealing money en- trusted to his care. The two men came into town on the 24th December with a load of potatoes belonging to Kennedy, which were sold to a Mr. Lite, in Flinders- street, who gavo a cheque for the money. At his own request Carroll took charge of and sub- sequently cashed tho choquo, Kennedy having become too much intoxicated to know what ho was doing. On regain- ing consciousness ho asked Carroll for tho money, and was told that it was invested in a horse, purchased on their joint account. Kennedy repudiated any shara in tho trans- action, and gavo his friend into custody for stealing tho monoy. In each of the previous hearings enough evidence has been adduced to show that Carroll received tutomoney and appropriated it to paying the deposit on tho purchaso of a horso at tho salo-yards, and Kennedy sworo most positively that such ap- propriation was without his knowledge or consent. Now, howover, the man of whom tho horso was bought-a Mr. Ovorend, butcher, of Brunswick-was produced, and ho deposed to having seen Carroll speak frequently to Kennedy while tho negotiation for tho'animal was pending. IIo also saw Carroll rouso proso cutor, who was asleep in his dray, heard him tell him about tho horse, and Kennedy's re- peated reply was, " Buy the horse, if you can get it cheap enough." Under theso circum- stances, the case for the prosecution foil through, and Carroll stands- exonerated from all blame, after suffering a long and unde- served imprisonment. It will be remembered that a shoomaker, named William Keneally, was remanded from the City Court on a charge of having as- saulted his own infant so seriously as to en danger its life. Tho reason for öb/tf remand was that it was not cortain the dUld was oven then out of danger. Yesterday tbcroan ¡was brought up again, but as the mother is in gaol for debt and has tho child with her, no evidence could be afforded as to the con- dition of tho sufferer now. A further remand was therefore ordered until Thursday, pri. soner being informed that upon producing substantial sureties ho would be admitted to bail. Notwithstanding tho many practical lessons recently taught Melbourno traders a9 to the folly of accepting cheques from strangers of whom they know nothing, the business of uttering valueless drafts has been 'going on briskly. Some of theso documents arc so pal- pably worthless, aro drawn with such an utter disregard of form and accuracy, and aro so erratic as to date and siguature, that on looking at them one can hardly help saying tthe mon who took thom deserved to loso much moro than they havo done. Mr. Raw- lings, however, has managed to securo a man who is alleged to havo been guilty of this offence bypassing upon him a forged chequo, and obtaining the sum of £2 from him by that means. This man was brought before the City Court yesterday, and remanded till this morn ina;, in order that the case might be made com- plete. There was in his appearance somethins of the gentleman, and in his bearing suffi- cient self-consideration to form an excuso for an ordinaiy shopkeeper's bavins accepted his paper. He Rave tho namo of James C. Gibbs, was dressed in a velvet coat and vest, but had about him a look which could only bo de- scribed as ' ' seedy. " It was evident from the trepidation ho manifested while before tho Court that ho fully realised the extremo awk- wardness of his position. During tho lost few days thoro havo been put into ciiculation a fow coins called "tokens," which are composed of such metal and struck by suoh a die as to make thom rem arkably like sovereigns. One of them was actually taken at a bank, so that it is not wonderful less experienced persons should bo deceived. A man named Patrick Cox tried to pass ono of these coins at tho Royal George Hotel, Bourke-streefc, tho other evening, and would doubtless have succeeded but that the barmaid had not silver enough in the till to give him the requisite chango. She, there [ fore, went to Mr. Thomas with it, and ho de- tected the fraud. When Cox found that the spurious character of tho coin was discovered, ho became vory anxious to got it back again, giving the landlord a good sovereign in ex- change for it. This, however, would not do ; both coins wero retained, and Cox taken to the watchhouso, whore ho first denied having offered tho coin, and aftorwaids said he must have received it among his change for a £5 note. He wa3 yesterday brought before tho City Court, charged with uttering counterfeit coin, and then his defence was, that he could prove he never gave the " tokon" to the bar- maid. In the absence of any such proof tho magistrates committed him for trial, a deci- sion which he had not at all contemplated, as waa evident from his astonishment at hearing it. Prisoner described himself as a labouier, and had the appearance of ono of that class. A man known only as "Bill," cook on board the schooner Martha Lavinia, lying at tho Austialian Wharf, went on board his ship at two o'clock on tho morning of tho 11th inst., after being out on a drinking bout. Ho went into the cabin, but soon afterwards returned on deck, and was seen going in the direction of the forecastle. Flora that time he was not seen about tho vessel, but as his coat and hat weie found upon the deck, it was concluded that he had fallen overboard, This conjecture proved to be correct, for the body was recovered yester- day, and an inquest held, at which a verdict o£ "Accidentally drowned" was leturnod. In reference to the disease at the Immigra- tion Hospital which has followed closely upon the cases of small-pox on board the Avonvale, Dr. Day writes from Geelong to call attention to a similar coincidence of small-pox and chicken- pox in July and August, 18GG. The Tornado arrived on tho 20th of July of that year with small-pox on hoard, and on tho 4th of August the first of three coses of what was finally pronounced to bo chicken-pox was observed. Notes of the cases are given by Dr. Day in tho Australian Medical Journal for Septembor, ISCtl. The present speculative zeal which prevails for originating now enterprises ia quartz reefing is constantly extending the area of its operations, and we now hear of a company, formed principally of Melbourno capitalists, for working some long abandoned roofs in tho district of Yandoit, near Daylesford. Theso leefswere tried moro or less thoioughly, but although the presence of gold in considerable quantities was pioved, they could not at that timo be worked to pay. For ono of them, indeed, a very large sum was paid by a Mel- bourne private company. Since that period, however, great advances havo been in ado in quartz-mining, and it is proposed to resume tho working of these reefs by the aid of newer appliances and im- proved methods. A report has been received from the spot, giving details o£ tho history of some of tho reefs. Thus, it is stated, that the Goldsmith's Reef was fust opened fourteen or fitteen years ago, and worked in a very casual manner. Somo lots wore crushed and proved to bo rich in gold, jielding at the rato of from two ounces and a half to eighteen ounces per ton. Ono bucket t taken from tho surfaco jielded thirty- two ounces of gold. Tho reof has been tried at intorvals since that period, but there has boon great draw backs to tho working of it, as tho menhad alii ays to cait their stuff a long way, and had a high prico to pay for crushing, and, after all, but little satisfaction in the way it was crushed. Tho All Nations' Reef is on the sanio hill, and tlneo claims aro laid out on it, occupying say 1,200 feet on tho course of tho reef, by 400 feet wide. One of theso claims last year yielded at a rate estimated roughly at £1,700 for five men, and tho good stone is said to be thoro yet. This reef was also worked undor disadvantages, owing to tho water being too heavy for manual labour to contend against. The reefs are about 30ft. wido each, and tho 200ft. of ground between them is expected to contain veins of stone. The largo quantity o£ stone, which it is thought will yield from 7dwt. to 15dwt. of gold per ton, is considered to justify tho expectation that good roturns may bo relied on. Tho preliminary expenses attend- ing a proper systom of working the ground, including the erection of an engine, battery, and other machinery, would amount, it is estimated, to somo £3,000. A reward of £5 is offered for tho apprehen- sion and conviction of tho porson or persons who, on the afternoon of the 11th inst., broke into the houso of Elizabeth Non-llieson, G7 Punt-road, Richmond. Tho houso was entered in tho absence of its occupier, by forcing back tho catch of a window, and .property was carried off valued at nearly £20, It consisted of vaiious articles o£ jewellery, a richly-embroidered nightdress, sovoral^ pairs of shoots, and bed-linen. A îoward of £150, with a freo pardon to an accomplice, has beon offered for tho discovery of the person or persons who, on tho evening of the 24th of December, set Uro to tho grass on Bushy Talk Station, Stratford, Gipps Land. Pour hundred acres of grsas wero destroyed on Bushy Park, having boon fired in seven different places. Tho fire extended, however, to the Topp Plains, whero three stacks of wheat containing from 1,200 to 1,300 bushels, half a mile of fencing, and 220 acres of gi ass woro destroyed. A person was seen to fire the grass with a match, but ho escaped on horseback along tho Upper , Maffra road. | "Much svpriao, and some indignation," says the Ballarat Star, "were caused on Monday by the fact becoming known that Mr. Sherard, who has so long acted as warden and magistrate in this district, had received notice on Saturday that his services would not bo required after tho following Monday. Mr. Sherard was appointed in 1852, so that ho has been over sixteen years in tho Go< vernment service. Ho wai first chairman of the local court, and has a thorough knowledgo of local mining practice and law. Mr. Gaunt, the new police magistrate, has received in- structions to temporarily perform Mr. Sherard's duties ; but unless1 ho can bo in two places at once, ho will find somo diffi- culty in doing so. Why is Mr. Sherard dis- missed Î Ho will have to receive compensa- tion, and his place will havo to bo filled by another, so that there will actually bo a loss instead of a saving in money, to say nothing of tho loss to the public by tho dismissal of an experienced officer, and one who is ad- mitted to havo fulfilled his duties in a most satisfactory manner." ' " Our townsman, Mr. William Buttle," says the Bendigo Independent, "has invented a 'pneumatic cradle' for separating gold from the clay or earth with which it is inter- mixed without the agency of water. Ho says that by skilful management its operation is quite as effective as washing, and much cheapor. If the eradlo will do the work effectually, it will bo invaluable at Spring Creek and other places where water is scarce." A dispute having arisen on Friday last between two young lads, apprentices, at Sand- hurst, one of them, named Doolan, took out his knife and stabbed the other, named Lahner, in the stomach. The wound, for- tunately, is not dangerous. The assailant has been arrested. A stack of wheat, containing COO bushels, was burned the other day on tho farm of Mr. Maxwell, of Strangways, The Government havo at last hit on the right plan for pacifying tho dispute relative to the separate education of the Roman Catholic children in the Sandhurst Industrial School. An order has been received that they are all to be sent to Melbourne, and an equal number of Protestant children will bo sent np in their place. Thoy will then all ho Protestants at that institution. The residents of Spring Creek, in public meeting assembled, havo appointed a "pro gress committeo" to watch over the interests of the community on tho questions of wator supply, the establishment of a municipality, &c.; It was stated that a water supply com- pany was being formed in Melbourne, with a capital o£ £7,000, at the instance of Mr. A. K. Smith, engineer, and Messrs. Clarke, gold brokers, for tho purpose ; but foars are enter- tained that a company would charge exorbi- tant rates. The Ballarat Star reports that " on Friday Mr. Thomson's saw-mills, Splitter's Gully near Staffordshire Reef, narrowly escaped being burned down. Constable Musgrove, of the local police station, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon, observed that the bush ad- jacent to the mills was on fire, and with very praiseworthy haste he at once mounted his horse and gave the alarm to Mr. Thomson's men, some of whom were carting logs from the bush. The constable next gathered the people from the reef and from Italian Gully, as also the Chinese from the camp adjacent, and every exertion was made to repress the approaching flames, but it was not until late at night that the fire was got under, and it had by that time encircled the mills at a dis- tance of not more than fifteen or twenty yards. In the meantime the furniture had been removed from the residences on the spot and put down holes for safety. The flames spread in the direction of Italian Gully, and the premises of Mr. Boyd, carter, narrowly escaped. The conflagration in the bush around the reef is described as having been terrible, the whole air being filled almost to suffocation with the smoke." The man named William Sandford, who had been ancsted by tho polico on a chargo of being connected with tho murder of the child which was found under tho Piper-stroot bridge, was brought before tho Kyneton Bench on Monday. Mr. Gieen, the su- perintendent of police, stated that, from inquiries ho had mado sinco the man's arrest, he had ascertained that tho in- formation which had been obtained, and which led to Sandford's arrest, had turned outorioncous, and he therefore would ask for his discharge. Sandford was discharged ac- cordingly. We observe that at Sandhurst there is every prospect of a magnificent vintage this season, tho grapes showing exceedingly well, though tho dry weather is telling in some localities against the table vaiicties. Indeed, all fruit seems to have done well. The primitivo state of society which exists at a largo new nish seems always to bring out many of those latent peculiarities oE cha- racter which, when fully developed, wo are apt to regard as Yankee traits-tho tono of tall talk, for instance. Thus we road in a Spring Creek paper that, at a largo meeting of miners held tho other day to consider tho water-supply question, tho audienco in tho street were told at least a do?cn times that they-weio " tho best- looking, best-tempered, assemblage under tho canopy of heaven." Tho Bendigo Agricultural and Horticultural Society met on Saturday, and discussed the prize-list for the forthcoming national show. In order to give exhibitors moro opportunity to take away their exhibits, tho society re- solved to change the dates of holding tho show to tho 23rd and 24th March, as the 26th ?was Good Friday. Tho prize-list amounts to £099 5s. The show is to bo held in tho Cavalry and Billes Ordeily-rooms and tho surrounding ground, which tho parties own- ing havo agreed to fence in, and the socioty intend to level and put it in order. A case of swallowing a sovereign is thus re- ported by the Wagga Wagga Advertiser : "Two men, byname Thoms and Johnson, strangers to each other, had picked up a bar acquaintanceship which thoy proceeded to cement in sundry pots of half-and-half. By somo means not satisfactorily accounted for, a sovereign bolonging to Thoms, who is an old man, got into his friend's pint of beor. Not caring to rccogniso that, or probably any other description, of savings bank, tho old man desired anxiously to withdiaw the de- posit, but before ho had timo to presonta cheque the manager closed tho account by ' totting up' the balance and declaring that thoro wero no assets left. Tho old man being averse to this method of liquidating a balanco, and not liking to BCO his capital swallowed np in this practical way, gave Johnson into cus- i tody. It became a question, then, how to recovor tho stolen property. Nobody, seems to have thought of an emetic." A fire, which resulted in tho destruction of four small brick cottages, in Moorabool-streot, Geelong, near to tho Nelson Victory Hotel, occurred on Monday evening. Tho Lancefield Cltronicle, writing of tho harvest in that district, says :-" Harvesting just now is the ord« of tho day. Many of our farmers havo already finished with tho rcapiiig-machino, and aro now intent on thrashing. Tho wheat, as a rulo, is turning out remarkably well, but tho oats aro very indifferent. Tho weather continuos vory dry, and is no doubt favourable to harvesting operations ; but not so to the pastoral farmer or grower of root crops. So groat is tho scarcity of grass and almost ovoiy kind of herbage^ with tho drought and grasshopper plaguo, that hundreds of shoop and cattle have been literally starved to death, and if wo do not get rain shortly ns many moro will sharo tho sama fate. In tho Parishes and Monegetta tho grasshoppers literally cov*>v the face of tho earth. These destructive insects can bo raked off the roofs of the houses, in bucketfule, aud have du instated .the gardens of almost everything, oven to the young shoots of fruit trees." ! A singular case of animal poison.'"S wa3 re* 'cently reported from Wagga Wagga, where a man named Alexander Robertson' wa« taken ¡to the hospital, dangerously ill from the «fleets of a fly having settled upon his bart' aim from the carcase of a sheep he was pre- paring to destroy. Tho caso, like several , others which have been recently treated at the samo .institution, yielded to tia« adminis- tration of doses of hyposulphite of soda, and the patient is now rapidly recovering. Before the discovery of this remedy cases of this kind were almost invariably fatal. Over in the Western district they complain' of tho impossibility of getting the thistles cut from tho great scarcity of labour at tho pre- sent time, It is said that as much as 83. an acic has been paid for cutting thistles this season. i Mr. Walter Montgomery, who was an- nounced to appear at tho Theatre Royal, Castlemaine, on Monday night, in* tho part of Hamlet, having Had a dispute with some of the company who wore to support him, de- termined not to play, and the result was a great disappointment to the audience. The manager, Mr. Durant, carno forward with an explanatory apology, and another pieco was substituted, j "Wo aro informed that the Almanda Silver Mine," tho Adelaide Exj)ress reports, j "is now in a most promising condition. AU over the property tho cost of raising tho oro is reduced from 10s. to 3s. 7Ad. Tho lodes aro well opened and of considerable width, and aro producing oro of a very rich quality, the yield averaging from thirty to thirty-five ounces of silver per ton, while somo of the stuff gives as much as fifty-five ounces per ton. New machinery is at work, and more has been purchased, including a largo ongino with a twenty-four inch cylinder, two tubular Cornish boilers, twenty of Wheolor's pans and separators, the wholo being found to work most efficiently, so that the original dis- coverer, the projectors, and the present pro- prietors may look forward to great results." "By dint of hard work and lato sittings,'' says the'South Australian Register of tho 7th inst., "tho Assembly havo got through tho Estimates, so it is to bo hoped that tho Trea- surer will now be ablo to take his natural rest, enjoy his dinner, and find delight in his moderate glass of wine, as in pro- Ministerial times. Wo congratulate him and his col- leagues on having got over tho hard work of the session, and on having fairly earned the comparativo leisure of tho recess on which they will soon enter. Wo suppose wo may expect the Appropriation Bill before tho closo of the week, and then if the Council will show a little activity, and finish off tho work which lies before them, hon. members will bo sent to their homes, and Ministers to the happy retreat whero Glyde cannot vox thom, nor Reynolds worry them. But what will become 'of the Attotnoy-Genoral when removed from his congenial element of strife, which ho loves as the petrel loves the stonn ?" "A story, which is not altogether a bad one, is now," relates tho Ballarat Star " going the rounds on tho subject of tho ro. ductions in tho civil service, and the manner in which they operate on individual sorvants of the Government. It is said that Mr. C. E. Jones, while making ono of his latest raids in the performance of tho 'duty ho owes to society,' was put upon tho scent of a very in- offensive-i£ rather idlo- sorvant of tho Rail- way department, residing and 'labouring' not far from our golden city. Truo to his business-like habits, it is said that tho gteat man, having been 'tipped tho wink,'deter- mined to take a quiet walk on tho station in the capacity of a detective in the servico of his country, in order to find the culprit and wish him many happy icturns of tho season in the employ of somebody else than tho paternal Government. Tho story goes that he proceeded to the station, and, walking up and down, carno upon a man at last, whose careworn and rather apprehonsivo counteuanco marked him as one of tho un- fortunate beings who hold him so much in esteem at present. To the question, ' What are you ? ' tho man very dolefully replied, ' A sorvant of tho Government at present' without adding-above his breath at least-a wish to wear the livery of any other corporate or individual body. Another question brought forth the answor that he was in tho Railway department, and further interroga- tion produced the historical result that ho was in the habit o£ first walking up the station, and then walking down ngain, and thus cm ploying his timo till ho could got an oppor- tunity of going up the lino in tho guard's van, and coming down again by areturn train. Ho was booked as a victim, but has not sinco been heard of. Those who toll tho story sur- mise that ' tho coming man,' although sharp enough in general, was on that occasion made the victim of a ' sell. '" The Geelong Register says :-" Some pain- ful rumours wero about town last evening, to the effect that a clerk employed in ono of tho banks in Geelong had lovantod, leaving bo. hind him in the hands of confiding creditors cheques which will bo found to be valueless. Fast living and a love for gambling aio stated to ' bo the causes of the young man's error, and his liabilities, if the floating rumours aro correct, are heavy." At fivo o'clock last evening the body of a man was found floating in the Yarra, near tho Botanic-gardens bridge It is supposed to be that of a Mr. Guthrie, a broker of this city, but tho fact has not yet been distinctly asceitained. It was removed to tho Sir Henry Barkly notel, and lies thoro ponding identification and an inquest. On Tuesday last an accident occurred at the No. 5 North Lucky Reef, noar Alexandra, by which ono man lost his life, and two others wero seriously injured. Tho accident occurred from a blast going off sooner than was expected. Rather a good story is related in connexion willi the Black Hoise Company, at Egerton. Tho other day a stockrider, in tho employ of a western squatter, overheard a conversation passing between two persons in an hotol near thp scene of his employment, tho main topic conversed upon being the valuo of Black Horso scrip. Unfortunately for tho cavesdroppor, tho strangers dropped tho word scrip and ' simply spoke of Black Horses. Tho prico was stated to be £50 a-pieco, and this so tickled tho cupidity of tho stockiidor that ho wont homo pondering over what a wondorful placo Ballarat must bo. The next morning ho collected from tho run thrco black horses which belonged to him, and having obtained permission to bo absent for aiew days, drovo 1 them into Ballarat. It is almost needless to add that when thoro ho was soon enlightened bj* the horno salesmen with whom ho oponed up business communications as to the di£ feienco botweon black horses ami Black Hoi su scrip. Our Ballarat correspondent informs us that itifoimution reached "the Coraer" thoro, yesterday, of tho murder of Mr. Chealc, ma- nager of the St. Arnaud Silver-mining Com- pany, St. Arnaud. It is stated that he had been eliot, but no particulars are to hand. Tho presumption is that he was jumping ground for some Ballarat speculators, and being resisted with firuarms, met his death. Pal ticulars of tho occurrence will bo- lookod for with painful curiosity. A sad accident occurred yesterday at Eait Geelong. While a farmer named ninch cliflowasin tho ack of unloading a cartload of hay, tho horso made ahattoropt to bolt. Mc. Hinchcliffo ran to the horso's head to Mop ita pi ogress when, looking back, he baw that his son, a little boy aged two years t and a half, had been run over. It was found that his head had got so jammi'd betwoen tho wheel and the body of tho dray and tho wheel had to bo loosened before tho little I fellow could bo extricated. - Dr. F. Shaw at« tended to" tho ^Ufferer, but hi 0ni> lived twenty minutes. ' There was no change of perforn/ilrïco at either of the theatres ' last ovoning.* The1 pantomimo'nt the Duke of Edinburgh i*lll ( bo produced for tho Igst tim« on Friday ov,ettu ing, when it will be placed first in tho pr^ i gramme for the convenience of tho juvenile* p0 Ttion of tho andionce, and tho burlesque 0f <" Tho Field of tho Cloth of Gold" is au! ' nounceú' íor Saturday. Thu" last day per-, formnnce of tho Royal pantomime will bo given on Saturday. Tho performances at tho Varieties* tiri« evening will bo ¿?r tho benefit of Mir. R'ains ford, who has beo¿? so long connected' with), this place of popular entertainment.- In ad" dition to the usual company, including' Mr. Braham, Mr. Barry O'Nofl, Mr. Morgari.i&c.;, sovoral local amatours havo voluntoore.'i' tlioir" services. An attractive programme W an- nounced. The entertainment at the Colosseum i wu-' tinucs to draw tolerably crowded houttes« Sovoral well-known artists havo beon i w* contly engaged, and sorvo to ronder tho po. f* formanco each ovoning exceedingly attract tiver Wo undbrstand that thoro will shortly be a chango in the proprietary of the Varieties. k Mr. Chapollo, it appears, is about to with- . draw, having disposed of his intorost in tho concern to Mr. Zcplin. Tho same class of cnteitainment will, however, bo continued, and tho services of tho presont company re. tained. Mr. Smith, printer, of Gortrude-strcet, has issued a "Reply to the Rev. James Ballan tyno's tract on Baptism," by Air. 0. A. Carr. Wo havo received tho second halves of two £l-notes from li. D., for tho Melbourne' Lying-in Hospital. The coUcctor is requested to call. The treasurer of tho Lying-in Hospital ac- knowledges tho receipt of £6 7s. 8d., the pro- ceed Í of a collection in tho Wesloyan church. St. Kilda. The treasurer of tho Mclboumo Hospital acknowledges tho receipt of £20 from the Loyal Albion Lodge of tho Manchester Unity. Tho Freemasons' Building and Investment Society held its thirtieth monthly meeting last ovoning (Tuesday)( when several shares» wero sold at a premium of ten guinoas- per share. Nearly £1,000 wore recoivedi 