THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 1869. The electors of Ballarat West are to be congratulated on the opportune re- tirement from the contest of one of the two candidates who have presented them- selves in the interests of common truth and common honesty. Both of them having been actuated by the same sentiment—a desire to relieve the constituency from a threatened dis- grace-either could withdraw from the field without injury to the poli- tical party with which he is com- monly identified, and without auy saciifice of self-respect. We have already stated that it was a matter of no importance which of these gentle- men made way for the othor, for that the candidature of any respectable man would deserve the support of men of all shades of opinion agreeing with respect to the one great question at issue-the public sanction or the public reprobation of acts of flagrant immorality com- mitted by an ex-Minister of the Crown. This is the issue put before the electors of Ballarat, and it is gratifying to be assured that it will be decided without exposing the minds of that numerous jury to a conflict of political sentiment and personal predilection as regards competitors on the side of truth and rectitude. The choice will be simply between Mr. DoAne, -who claims to re- present veracity of principle and probity of conduct, as believed in and practised by upright men of both parties, and Mr. Jones, who can be regarded in no other light than as the representative of falsehood, corruption, chicanery, aud deceit. Nothing can be more unam- biguous or preciso than the moral basis upon which each candidate takes his stand, or more simple and direct than the path of duty which lies open to the electors. But while wo refuse to doubt the result, or to regard Mr. Jones's defeat as! other than inevitable, wo cannot refrain from impressing upon Constitu- tionalists and Loyal Liberals alike, the importance of polling every available vote on Saturday next. If, as we an- ticipate, a great moral lesson is to be offered, let it be conveyed with all the emphasis,0 and receive all the weight which can possibly be given to it. And to this end, both the parties concurring to support Mr. Doaue should direct their united energies. The greater the majority by which he is returned, the more complete the vindication of the Ballarat constituency from all sympathy with, or toleration of, the falsehood and corruption with which Mr. Jones has identified himself. The lower tho posi- tion which the ex- Minister of Railways occupies upon the poll, the more confidently can the election be re- ferred to in proof of the healthy tone of ^public sentiment in Victoria, and in refutation of the aspersions upon, out character as a community to which these discreditable revelations have ex- posed us. The forthcoming election should in- volve something moro than tho discom- fiture of Mr. Jones and Ms relegation to private life. It should operate as a I warning to all politicians who aro cor îupt or corruptly disposed, uutruthful, or burdened by few scruples of conscience. But its force and value as a warning will be largely influenced by the number of electors who testify their abhorrence of perjury and biibery by voting for Mr. Jones's opponent. The election is capable of being rendered a great moral derhonstration if the men of Ballarat, alive to the grave responsibility which rests upon them in- this emergency, determine to trample under foot a system which is just now only in its infancy, but which, if connived at or disregarded, may assume the same hideous aspect and monstrous propor- tions as it displays in the United Stages. To punish past misdeeds, therefore, and to prevent a repetition of them in theltime to come-to efface the stain afliked upon the reputation of the Legislature and the Government of Victoria by the conduct of Mr. Jokes ; and to admonish public men that the path of honesty is also the avenue to populaiity and honour, are duties which the electors of Ballarat are now called upon to discharge in the face of jthe whole colony ; and every voter should feel that he is peisonally respon- sible for their fulfilment, and cannot evade them with credit to himself or without injury to the character and prospects of the country. Some of the proceedings of the Select Committee on Complaint are not calcu- lated to command either the confidence or the respect of the community. The action of a select committee, under any circumstances, partakes too much of the nature of a Star Chamber inquiry ever to render such a tribunal very popular with Englishmen, but the length to which the inquisitorial investigations of the present committee are being pur- sued, and the manner in which they are earned out, are perfectly unjustifiable, and fully warrant the prudence of the suggestion formerly made in The Argus, that the inquiry should have been insti- tuted before a very differently consti- tuted court, presided over by one of the judges. As indicative of the ideas of piopriety which actuate some of the members of the committee who are now prying into the most private transactions of persons sup- posed to bo implicated in an endea- vour to biibe members of Parliament, it may be mentioned that yesterday a messenger, acting under the authority of the committee, proceeded to the Bank of New South Wales, and succeeded in obtaining from the manager a certain pay-slip belonging to the private ac- count of Captain MacMahon. It is impossible that such a proceeding as this can be tolerated in any free com- munity. A grosser act of arbitrary and irresponsible authority it is diffi- cult to imagine. If it was sup- posed that the production of the document could throw any light upon the investigation, the only proper way would have been to have examined Captain MacMahon, and requested him to produce it. Such a fair proceed- ing, however, is apparently entirely foreign to the instincts of a majority of the committee, whose only care seems to be to discover some one whom they con convict of corruption, in order, per- chance, that they may appear some- what cleaner by comparison. Captain MacMahon heard nothing of the pro- ceeding referred to until casually in- formed of it by a friend. It is only fair to say that some members of the committee are actuated by more honourable motives, and last night Mr. MacBain warmly protested against the manner in which a witness was being treated. There are a few members who simply bully the persons under examination, and if thoy are un- successful in obtaining the replies they wish, or anticipate, they relieve their injured feelings by simply accusing the witness of falsehood. Mr. Blaib, for instance, constantly makes use of language which would probably lead to a breach of the peace did he dare to utter it outside the walls of Parlia- ment. Then not unfrequently-whether purposely or not we cannot say-in- correct representations are made to a witness relative to the statements of a preceding witness. Thus, last night, in attempting to extort some admis bion from Mr. Glass, Mr. G. P. Smith said that Mr. Wheatley, on the preceding evening, had said that there were thirty promissory notes or bills connected with the Quieting of Titles fund which were entrusted to his keeping as Mr. Etter shank's clerk. Now, Mr. Wheatley never made such a statement. In reply to Mr. Blaib, who asked him if he should have missed thirty if they had been taken away, he said he did not think there were more than thirty altogether. Mr. G. P. Smith, attempting to entrap Mr. Wheatley, immediately said, in the form of a ques- tion, " You say there were thirty of " these bills 1 " to which the witness dis-r tinctly replied, " I would no1 say there " was that number ; I never counted " them." Yet, after this, Mr. Smith, on the following day, coolly tells Mr. Glass that Mr. Wheatley had stated thore were thirty. We hesitate to characterise such conduct as it deserves, but, to say the least, it is an outrage upon every sentiment of justice and fair- play. The witnesses before the com- mittee are altogether unprotected, and if under such a cross-fire of irritating, and, in many cases, accusatory cross examination, as that to which they are subjected, they in some matters make father contradictory statements, it is 110$ very surprising. i In consideringtheEstimatesof expendi- ture for the current year, the Legislative Assembly prudently postponed the amount demanded on behalf of the Government Printing-ofnco, in the hope that the Commission which is now in- quiring into the management of the de. partaient will be able to point out how a considerable saving may be effected. We' have no doubt the expectation will be realised, and that before the year is out! the besom of retrenchment will have been applied as effectively in this as in other departments of the public service. The commission, consisting in part of practical men, have gone to work in the right way. Disregarding alto getíier the traditions of the department, they have compared its performances and its cost with those of private esta- blishments, and whatever did not stand this test they have shown a strong in- clination to condemn. And in their dealings with the employes of the de- partment, they have evinced a desire to act] in a similarly business-like manner. Privileges, immunities, vested interests of all kinds, the commission hold in little favour, preferring that the public printing should be done at the rates current in the open market, and by men chosen on the sole ground of their ability to perform the work required of j them. The commission has un- doubtedly begun well, and if it exhibits throughout the tame intelligence and | zeal, a very valuable economic reform may be looked forward to as the result of its labours. It is probable that only a very few of ¡our readers know anything about the! Government Printing-office, or the need there is that it should be re- formed j and it will be news to most people that something like <£G 0,000 has been spent on it in some past years. Last year it cost upwards of £50,000, and the original estimate for the cuirent year was upwards of £40,000. At the instigation of the commission to which we have already referred, this amount was reduced to £32,531, and it is hoped that further inquiry will lead the way to further reductions. But the larger sums mentioned above do not represent the total printing expenditure during the years in which they were spent. The work of the Railway department has always been done by contract, as well as some portion of the work of other de- partments, and some of the public offices-as, for instance, the office of Public Lands, the Post Office, and the office of Mines-maintain presses of their own. What does the public re- ceive in return for this enormous expen- diture 1 It would be extremely difficult to find a satisfactory answer to the question. A good deal of printing is ordered by Parliament, and much of it is perfectly useless-petitions pre- sented by hon. members, returns and correspondence laid on the table, and bills that are destined to perish in their infancy. The vanity of the weaker sort of hon. membeis prompts them to have their little legislative essays sent to the printer, and the result is, that a great mass of utterly useless matter is put into type in the Government Printing-office, to the country's great loss. This kind of extravagance the commission will have no power to check, but when other branches of our printing-office expendi- ture have been reduced Parliament will scarcely be able to resist the influence of the example set before them. Another very expensive branch of the business of the Government Printing office, is the preparation of forms for the other departments. Some of these have several hundreds of distinct forms con- stantly in use, and the practice seems to have been to supply them in whatever quantity anybody might choose to demand. It is impossible that such a multiplicity of forms can be re- quired in the transaction of the coun- try's business, and from the fact that they are in use we should conclude that the woik of the public offices is done in a cumbrous and round- about manner. It will be necessary for the heads of departments to give the commission the benefit of their assis- tance in this matter, and if they do so, we feel convinced that a great reduction will be effected in the expenditure on piinted forms. The printing of the electoral rolls is another very expensive job, and one in which a considerable saving might easily be effected. As oui readers are aware, electoral " lists " are fii st piinted, to be submitted to the revi- sion courts for correction, after which they become electoral " rolls." Between these lists and rolls there is generally very little difference, and the proper course would obviously be to keep the lists in type until they had become rolls, and thei: piint them off with such corrections as had become necessary. But the mode pursued in the Government Printing office is to distribute the type from which the lists have been printed, and set it all up again a few weeks later It is only in a Government Printing office-and a very badly managed one. too- that such a piece of extravagance could possibly be perpetrated. The excuse is that the office is short ol material, and that the type is wanted for other work while the electoral lists are being revised. But this is only ar excuse. The cost of the extra type, i; an additional fount had been procurée for the purpose, would have been savee many times over since the presen' system commenced, by making one set tingservefor the printing of the electora lists in both their first and second forms These are a few of the more glaring ex tiavagances of the Government Printing office which the commission havi pointed out. Before they have ex hausted thoir subject, they will probable discover others equally indefensible ii their character, for there seems to havi been absolutely no check upon tin wastefulness of the persons engaged ii the office, or of those who were ii tho habit of making drafts upon it; liberalüy. Another important branch of the sub ject has yet to be considered. Beside doing a great deal of unnecessary work the department has all along paid for th doing of it at rates considerably highe than those current in the trade. In fact the Government printer has not beei aware of a fact very important for him t know, and of which few other member of the community can have been ignc rant, namely-that compositors' wage have declined considerably during th past eight or ten years. And ho ha not only gone on contentedly paying a the old rates, but he has even failed t take advantage of the altered state of th labour market to surround himself wit really efficient hands. What is to h done with a gentleman so wedded t old customs that he goes on fe years paying an exceptionally hig rate of wages, and employing ii ferior workmen, when thoroughly goo hands are to be hail for less money Judging from his system of managt ment, we should say that he is a grec believer in stereotype ; but bo wilt probably discover before lie gets rid of Ibe commission which" now has bim in band that there is no such thing as stereotype in the affairs of active life, and that he must either leam to keep in the current of improvement and change or consent to be pushed aside out of the way. _ In accordance with our usual custom there .will be no publication of The Argus to- morrow, being Good Friday. To-morrow and Saturday will be obser^ft. by the banks and insurance offices as puMhj holidays. f It was resolved, at a raeoting of the Executive Council held yesterday, that Friday, the 2nd April, should bo obserred as a day of general humiliation and prayer throughout the colony, on account of the long-continued drought. The Complaint Committee of the Legisla- tive Assembly met again yesterday, but owing to the absence of several witnesses, the sitting was briefer than usual. Mr. Hugh Glass was re-examined with reference to certain portions of his former evidence, and Mr. Tucker gave an explanation of the cir- cumstances under which he had introduced the Quieting of Titles Bill. Mr. M'Keau volunteered a statement with regard to some passages in Mr. Butters's evidence, iu which the accusation was made against the hon. member for Maryborough that he had endeavoured to intimidate certain persons into giving evidence against tho hon. mern her for Portland. Mr. M'Kean strongly de. nied having done anything; of the sort. Mr. Longmore also offered a statement to the committee, to the effect that the Hon. Mr. Murphy had told him that Mr. Jones had been offered a salary of £800 a-year to act as whip to the Opposition, and that Mr. Jones ' had mentioned the fact privately to him in the Douse the same night. The committee will meet to-day at half-past two o'clock, and the taking of evidence will probably be finished before the conclusion of the sit- ting. The Elections and Qualifications Com- mittee of the Legislative Council sat yester- day morning, for the purpose of giving their decision on tho petition of Mr. Nathaniel Levi against the return of Mr. W. A. C. A'Bcekett for the South Province. While the committee were deliberating, a letter was sent in by Mr. Levi, protesting against the committee receiving or being influenced by the opinion of Mr, Carter, the commissioner of titles, on tho legal points at issue, Mr. Lovi's objection resting on tho ground that, as he had only just been informed, Mr. Carter had been professionally employed in pteparing the deeds of settlement between Mr. and Mrs. A'Bcekett. The committeo having finished their deliberations, strangers \veic admitted, and the chairman (Mr. R. S. Anderson) said that on the last occasion when the committee sat they desired to obtain legal assistance on a point of law. Steps had been taken for the purpose, but it having been objected to by the petitioner that the opinion asked for should influence the committeo in any woy, and the opinion not having been received by the committee, they had de- cidid, on their own impression, without the assistance looked for. The decision of the committee was that Mr. A'Bcekett was duly elected at the last election ; that the sum of £100 lodged by the petitioner last session be leturncd to him ; and that the sum of £100 lodged by the petitioner this session bereturned to him less £14 10s., the expenso of taking c\ idence, both parties to pay their own costs Mi. T. A'Bcekett, counsel for the sitting member, wished to be heard on the subject of costs. The chairman said that the committee bad fully considered the matter, and they did not think the petition frivolous or vex- atious. We learn that requisitions are in course of signature to Mr. Philip Russell, of Carngham, requesting him to allow himself to be nomi- nated for the South Western Province, to fill the vacancy about to be created in the lepresentation of that constituency in the Legislative Council by the retirement of Mr. Learmonth. Mr. Russell is popular in the prounce for which ho is to be asked to be a candidate. When he contestod the election on ,a former occasion against Dr. Hope, ho was only beaten by a majority of twelve, and in the districts in which he was best known he bad a very large majority, A conversation took place in the Legisla til e Assembly, on tho 17th inst., on the sub- ject of the new water supply works contracts, in the course of which it was stated that one of the successful tenderers, Mr. John Dwyer, had previously obtained a considerable sum of money fiom the Government, on account of cei tain road works, by meanrof an arbitration, after his claim bad.been advanced unsuccess- fully in a court of law. Mr. Dwyer now writes to complain that the facts were incorrectly stated. Ile says, "So far from the matters ti itd in the Supreme Court being referred to ai hitration, they were expressly excluded from the submission," and ho forwards a letter fiom the Crown Solicitor's office in support of his statement. From this letter we And that the submission was as follows :-" It is, there foie, heieby agreed by and between the said parties, that all matters in difference between them, excepting any matteis included in an action brought in the Supreme Court of the colony of Victoria by the said John Dwyer ogainst the said Board of Land and Works, be íeferred to George C. Daibyshire and Robeit Braithwaite Tucker as arbitrators, and in case of diffeienee between thora, to the lion. James Forrester Sullivan, as umpire." The conference of the delegates from the various mining boards in the colony, was íe suracd yesterday, at the Geological Survey office, Queen-street. There wore present Mcssis. Wakeham (chairman), Keelon, Hart, Ward, Irvine, Bickctt, Smith, and Kelly, The íesolutions, submitted by Mr. ßickett, of Ballarat, and which formed the basis of a bill to legalise mining on private property, evoked a Rood deal of discussion, but were, with some 6light modifications, adopted. Wo aie compelled to hold over our report of the conference. The case of Flanigan, convicted at the last Melbourne Criminal Sessions of tho wilful muidcr of Sergeant null, at Hamilton, was biought under the consideration of the Exe- cutive Council yesterday, and after some de- liberation it was resolved that the extreme scntenco of the' law should ' bo carried out. The wretched man will be executed ou Wed- nesday next, the 31st instant. The following is tho programme to bo played by the Band of the 14th Regiment in the Botanic-gardens, this afternoon, from half-past three to halfipasfc Ave o'clock : Quadrille, " Grand Duchess," Offenbach ; selection, " Mirella," Gounod ; overture, " Zampa," Herold ; waltz, "Morgonblatter,'' Strauss; selection, "Elisir, d'Amore," Doni- zetti ; galop, " Saucy Kate, Crowe. __« -Madame Anna Bishop, who arrived yf*- M< day from Tasmania, will sing at the PhilBar» > monic Society's concert to-morrow night, at St. George's-ball, when Rossini's "Stabat Mater" and a selection of, sacred music will be performed. This society may be con- gratulated on having secured the services of so distinguished a vocalist. ' Among the passengers by the Great Britaim which is expected to arrive in tho course of a few days, is the Rev._ 'Charles Clark, who comes to Melbourne to'accept of tho pastorate of Albert-street Baptist Church, about to bo vacated by tho Rev. Isaac Now, who re- tires on a pension of £250 a year, to be contributed by the church. Prom newspapers as well as from private sources of informa- tion, we are led to believe that the settlement of the Rev. Mr. Clark in Melbourno will add in no small degree to the attractiveness and usefulness of the pulpit of this city. Mr. 'Clark was, until ho sailed for Australia, minister of Broadmead Baptist Church, Bristol ; and so popular was he that, wherovor he preached, lie always attracted an. audionco 09 numerous as his power of voice would enable bim to address. So generally re- spected was Mr. Clark, in Bristol, that, on its becoming known that he had decided on emigrating to Victoria, efforts were made by other sections of the Christian church "to' íetain him in England. Wo believe that ^ao Hev. Mr. Jeffries, of Adelaide, now on a \isit to Europe, was mainly instrumental in persuading Mr. Clark to accept the charge of the Albert-street Baptist Church. ' Mr. Jeffries, in a letter to a friend here, received by the last mail, says,-"Last evening I went to Broadmead, and though ten minutes before timo, could only get standing room in the lobby, some distance from the door.' Another reverend gentleman, writing from London, says-" I know Mr. Clark well. Ho is very earnest, with a clear, piercing voice, and a very intelligent, pleasant countonance, some considerable imagination, with a luxuri- ance of words and imagery. But he is a genuine man as well, of a fine disposition, frank, open, candid, cordial ; and being a vivid, sparkling, ready speaker, with con- siderable mental power, ho will attract as a preacher, and ho beloved as a man." A new screw steamer, to be called the Tamar, built on the Clyde, to tho order of Captain Gilmore, for the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company, was so far completed when the last mail left England, that she was expected to sail for Tasmania in April. A magnificent samplo of copper ore hai . been brought round from SydneybyMr.lt. Manuel. It consists of native copper and red oxide and green carbonate of copper, &c;, and is extraordinarily heavy. It was found on the surface, in the back country of Queens land, some two hundred miles from Clare mont, and is certainly a wonderful specimen. More stone of the same quality mugt be in the neighbourhood, and it is proposed to form a small prospecting company in Melbourne, to send out a searching party ompowored to take up ground under the mineral regula- tions of the mining department of the Queensland Government. The specimen can be seen in tho shop of Mr. David Henry jeweller, Collins-street. A correspondent asks how much capital is required to enable a settler to commence cotton-planting in the Fiji Islands, with a fair prospect of success ? Perhaps some one of our correspondents, who has given atten- tion to the subject, will give our correspon- dent the information he asks. Another correspondent calls attention to the recent case of garotting in Little Lons dale-street, and to the courageous conduct of Conbtablo Flanagan in connexion with it. Ile ¡>ajs this is not the first time the constable named has proved himself tobe "the right man in the right place," and suggests that his sen ices aro deserving of some public recog- nition. Such a step, ho thinks, would stimu- late others to follow Constable Flanagan's ex- ample, lo the benefit of the communityjat large. Peihaps some gentleman who is cognisant of all the circumstances, will, if ho agrees with our correspondent, take the matter in hand. Yesterday a deputation from Carlton and 1'itzroy waited upon tho Minister of Lands for the purpose of bringing under his notice the desirability of opening a road tlnough Carlton-gardens, for the prolongation of Ger- trude-street into Queensberry-street. Alder- men Smith and Story, who accompanied the deputation, stated that they attended as members of the City Coiporation, and were favourable to the proposition, and at the same time pointed out that it would strengthen the hands of those who wished for the road if the Minister of Lands would also declare himself in favour of it, Mr. Grant said he considered that the opening of a street, ?between Gertrude and Queensberry streets, through Carlton-gardens, would be a great advantage to the public, and he quite con- curred with the deputation as to the desira- bility of opening this boulevard. Ho had no power, howovei, to tako action in the matter, as the Carlton-gardens had been permanently visttdinthe City Council. -The doputation then withdrew. We are informed that Mr. T. Wright, the well-known artist, of Bourke-street east, has received a commission from the son of the late Rev. Mr. Draper, who perished in the London, to paint a likeness of his father, for presentation to Wesley College. The sum named for the picture is 150 guineas. The East Melbourne Cricket Club will play at Ballarat on Saturday next, and as both sides play strong teams, a good match is sure to be the result. The East Melbourne Club will be represented by Gaggin, W. Campbell, D. Campbell, Dan. Wilkie, Perryman, Stowart, Egglo stone, Kilburn, Williams, Forrester, and Goldsmith. The match will commence at ten o'clock sharp. The annual cricket match between the Telegraph and Post-office departments will be played at the East Mel- bourne ground on Good Friday, the game to . commence at ten a.m. sharp. The annual social meeting in connexion with St. George's Presbyterian Church, Colling- wood, was held last evening. The company who sat down to tea in the chmch was a very numerous one, and at tho public meeting, which was held afterwards, the .number of those presont was largely augmented. The pastor of the congregation, the llov. W. F. Main, addressed the meeting at some length. In his remarks ho alluded to the increase ?which had taken place in the chmch atten- dance dining the year which had just closed, and urged upon the congregation their duties in spreading the influence of the Gospel among the poor and ignorant in their midst. Addresses dwelling forcibly on the same tupies, were delivered by the Rev. Dr. Cairns, and the Rev. Messrs. Menzios, Darling, aud Robertson. The Bev. Mr. M'Eachern spoke at some length on the impression which the colony had mado on him since his late arri ^al. He had beon struck with the size and opulence of Melbourne, and the abounding v, ealth and importance of the colony at large. 'The University, the common schools, and the other appliances foi intellectual training, had also impressed him, but ho had been pained by the laxity of parental control, the want of co-operation in the church, and the generally relaxed tone on matters of religion and Sabbath observance, which prevailed. The church choir gave several selections of sacred music in a very effective manner, and their efforts materially contributed to in- crease the enjoyment of the evening. Before the close of the proceedings, a handsome testimonial was presented to Mr. J. M. Tait, late secretaryof the church. The testimonial consisted of a tea service and a haudsomo writing-desk. A social tea-meeting was held in the Col lins-strcot Independent Church^ last evening, when between three and four*"hundrod peoplo sat down to tea, which had been proparod in the grammar-school, and a large well-lighted tent at the rear. At about eight o'clock, the assembly adjourned to tho church, whoro the choir, under the direction of Mr. D. Lee, went through a selection of sacred music. The Rev. A. M. Henderson then, took the chair, and delivered a brief address, remark- ing chiefly upon the success of the past, but pointing also to efforts in the future. Mr. W. Peterson, treasurer, then read an abstract of the building-fund account, which was not a little interesting. The total cost of the building was £14,015, to which was added £751 as the cost of the organ, and £034 expended in ad- ditions to tho manse, making a total of £10,002. Toward raising this sum one gentle- man had subscribed £3,000, another £1,500, a third £1,000, and so on, down to £250. Below that figure four contributed over £100, and eight over £~>0, while the numbers became greater as the amount became less ; but tho whole of the montíy was raised by 770 individual subscribers, in about two years and eight months, Beyond this, and during the samo 'period, £3,001 15s. 3d. had been raised for the general purposes of the church.' As Mr. Peterson is about to leave this colony on a visit to England, he ' was presented with a beautifully illumi- nated address, signed by the pastor on behalf of the congregation, expressing to- wards the recipiont the highest esteem and regard. This presentation having been acknowledged, the meeting was further addressed by Messrs. Browning, Port, Harker, Brien,' Thwaites, Walker, Wood, and Fry, who moved or seconded resolutions declaring the intention of the church and congregation to use every effort for the spread of religious truth in this and other countries. More music followed, and it was growing late when the " Hallelujah" chorus closed the programme. Tho congregation of the Unitarian Christian Church, Eastern-hill, had a very pleasant gathering last night, under tho presidency of their minister, the Rev. Henry Higginson. About 200 persons sat down to tea at halt past seven o'clock, and afterwards readings occupied the evoning. These were given by the chairman, Mr. James Smith, and several others, members of the congregation. Aselec tion of vocal- music was performed during the evening by members of the German Liedertafel. j In order to do away with an impression that the removal of patients suffering from small-pox follows as a necessity upon the case being reported, the Central Board of Health has iisued a notification, which we publish in another column. It explains that the depot at tho Royal-park is provided only for such porsons as cannot obtain necessary care and sufficient isolation in their own.homcs. This being so, there need be no hesitation in re- porting cases Wherever they occur, and by doing so a more accurate knowledge of the evil they have to doal with will be conveyed to the medical staff. The first number of a new serial entitled the Sixpenny Magazine, has reached us. It is exclusively occupied by a story entitled " Snowed Up," from the pen of Mr, B. L. FaTJeon, a gentleman who was for some time connected with the press in Dunedin and is now settled in England. Mr. Farjeon is an enthusiastic disciple of Mr. Charles Dickens, and scarcely does justice to his own abilities, on account of his close adherence to the style-and something more than the style-of j his master and model. Thus, m the opening chapter of the story under notice, wo are constantly reminded of the introduction to the " Cricket on the Hearth," while three of the 'principal characters introduced bear a striking resemblance to John Peerybingle, Dot, and old Tackleton ; and oven the baby appears to be the twin brother of that won- derful infant which the carrier is de- scribed hy Mr. Dickens as "surveying from a safe distance, with a puzzled pride, such as an amiable mastiff might be supposed to show if he found himself, one day, the father of a young canary." There is no necessity, however, for Mr. Farjeon to carry his admira- tion of the most popular novelist of the day so far as he does, siuce both in Snowed Up, and in Orif there aro not wanting indi- cations of descriptivo power, and of a capacity for developing character and incident, which only require to be cultivated in a spirit of independence to enable him to occupy a respectable position among our rising writers of fiction. " We have received from Mr. George Robert- son a handsomely printed and humorously illustrated edition of The Marvellous Ad ventures and Hare Conceits of ¿lasier Tyll Owlglass, with the imprint of our Melbourne publisher on the title-page. The work belongs to the curiosities of German literature in tho middle ages. It was written by a Franciscan friar, Thomas Murncr by name, and is a racy satire upon human hie by a laughing philo- sopher who was not so coarse as Rabelais, nor so savage as Swift, nor so caustic as Sebastian Brandt. Translated into English for the first time in 1528, Tyll Owlglass seems tobave attracted thenoticeof Shakspeare, and was certainly high in favour with Ben Jonson. A bibliographical appendix to the present edi- tion shows that the work has been translated intoLatin, French, Dutch, Danish, and Polish, which argues a popularity almost as wide as that of Robinson Crusoe. Like Oil Blas and Qtdlivtr's Travels, it is just as interesting to those who overlook or are indifferent to tho vein of satire running tluough the stories, as to readers who enjoy the subtle sarcasms which Friar Murner indulges in against the follies of high, and low, priest and layman, peer and peasant. Mr. Kenneth Mackenzie has rendered the crabbed old German into good idiomatic English-such English as the translators of our version of the Bible used ; and the coloured illustrations and woodcuts from tho pencil of "Alfred Crowquill," to- gether with the gay binding, will help to render it very acceptable as a gift-hook. The second number of the Anglo-Colonial Magazine has been forwarded to us in ad- vance of tho ordinär}' issue, and shows signs of improvement upon tho first. The miscel- laneous contentsiof, the periodical are of the average character; but in the summary of "Colonial Topics," and in tho " Emigration I Column," we lind some useful information with respect to the other dependencies of the Ciown, and some curious statements con- cerning ourselves. For example, we are seriously assured that Melbourne, while 'enjoying all the advantages of perfect, drainage, and considerable attention to cleanliness, is nevertheless remarkable for the dingy colour of its buildings. Such a thing as a white house is a rare sight." But, perhaps, we ought not to wonder at such ludicrous misstatoments as these, when a great authority like The Times, in a pro feF'edly historical article, published in its lending columns, at the end of the year, ex- plains that the dead-lock in Victoria arose out of the determination of the Legislative Assembly to present £20,000 to the widow of a late Governor! According to the Anglo Colonial, the Canadians are vigorously bestirring themselves to promote immi- gration, and the Ontaiio Legislature is offering a freo grant of 200 acres to each settler. Steps are also being taken to publish in the English weekly newspapers particulars concerning the description of labour required, the wages given, and the cost of living in various parts of Canada. But, it is asked, why not put this information in a more at- tractive form ? "Much might be done even by a'small number of sensible agents paid to lecture in town and country upon the subject of Canada as a field for emigration." On the othor hand, it is satisfactory to observe that'something is being effected bj voluntary effort at home to further the transference of superfluous labour from England to the colonies. A society has been established for this purposo in St. Paul's, Clerkenwell, London. It is almost self-supporting, and " among its members (the number of whom already exceeds 300 families) are carpenters, agricultural lobourers, smiths, millwrights, and other skilled artisans, all of whom aro persons of ascertained respectability." This association bos been in existence upwards of four months, and contemplates extending its operations to tho other districts of London. But the Government of Brazil and that of the Argentine Eepublio aro both bidding liberally for the surplus population of Europe. On the River Plate a prairie farm of 500 acres of ,land, within ten miles of a railwaystation, may bo had for £50 ; and in Brazil "every means is taken to insure to the indigent immigrant the means of subsistence during his oarly days of suspense ; and in addition, he is assisted with food and money until his harvest time comes round." With so many competitors in the field Mr. Verdon will have to be up and doing in order to turn some portion of the stream of emigration in this direction. The reformed Board of Admiralty appear to have taken one step which should com . mend itself to really conscientious Govern "menta all over the world. 'We are more especially anxious that the following extract ' from the Pall Mall Gazelle should not escape the attention of Her'Majesty's Ministers in Victoria :-" Some of the papéis publish another Admiralty circular, in which Mr. Childers refers to the notorious fact that naval officers seeking appointments or pro- motion, and civilian employas seeking an increase of salary or other advantages, have their cases frequently brought before the Admiralty by members of Parliament and other persons possessing political influence The obvious evils attendant upon such a practice are pointed out, and it is intimated that for the future any attempt to apply pres- sure of this kind to the board 'will be treated by their lordships as an admission that the case is not deserving of considera- tion on its own merits, and the application will be dealt with accordingly.' " Six landscapes, painted by the late Joshua Wallis, who attained some celebrity as a de- lineator of English rural scenery, and some of whoso works are among the attractions of tho South Kensington Museum, are now to bo seen at the shop of Mr. Thomas Helme, No. 4 Collins-street east. Although not pos- sessing any of those striking merits which are apt to gain the approval of a casual ob- server, these pictures are well worth inspec- tion. They are valuable oxamplcs of a peculiarly exact style of drawing and a one- ness of colour, which, however displeasing the effect may be, are evidonces of groat artistic talent. Any one of Wallis's pictures can bo recognised at a glanco by the elabo rate drawing of foreground foliage, and the free use of neutral tint. There is hardly any light upon the scene, and, save for the glazing and the outlining of the ob- jects, the painting of middlo and ex- treme distances can hardly be distin- guished. The landscape seems as though it weie under a lowering sky, and shut in from tho light of the sun; and yet the hca\ ens are always represented in a cloudless condition. The pictures have a cold groy aspect, but for all that they display far more artistic power than scores of others which are full of garish contrasts of light and shade, and which havo a far higher repute than tho paintings of Wallis. His snow scenes aro particularly good ; and there are two fino specimens of his style in the group now undor notice. There is also a landscape, in which the foliage of the foreground tiees, and the painting of a waterfall, are conspicuous by their excellence. There is a larger landscape (three feet by two), in which there is the samo elaboration of treatment as is observable in tho foliage. There is a group of cattle in the picture, very effectively arranged and painted. The water is badly coloured, and might easily be mistaken for anything i but what it represents. Another landscape, presenting all the distinctive features above alluded to, and exhibiting a great lack of colour, completes the list. This last picture íepresents a farmhouse upon the banks of a river, with tho tower of a church in the dim distance. It is a capital subject, but it is spoiled by tho dull autumn aspect which is thro« n over tho whole scene. Besides these paintings, Mr. Helme has some very fine chromo-lithographs which will well repay inspection. Some of them, as far as effect is concerned, aTe equal to oil paintings in truth of colour. Mr. Justice Molesworth gave his decision yesterday in Smith and Bruce v. Ligar. The suit was brought by the representatives of the late J. V. A. Bruce against Mr. C. W. Ligar, the ¡surveyor-general, and Mr. John Watson, both trustees of Mr. Bruce's will ; and it claimed that the plaintiffs should be declared entitled to one-half of a station formerly possessed by Mr. Ligar in New Zealand. It was alleged by the plaintiffs that Mr. Bruco gave £3,000 to Mr. Ligar for a half interest in the station ; and in support of this a doed was pioduced by which Mr. Ligar conveyed that interest to Mr. Watson, apparently for that sum, Watson being a trusteo for Bruce. No money was actually paid, however, on that occasion, and his Honour held that this branch of the plaintiffs' caso was not proved. There was another branch, however, which he thought was sustainod, namely, thati the deed should be taken as evidence ot pievious transactions between Biuce and Ligar, and that it definitively settled the in teiests of the parties, the sum of £3,000 being mentioned merely os a nominal matter, or to give a fictitious value to tho station. Ligar's version was that Bruco got the deed fiom him for tho purpose of raising money for his railway contracts. His Honour's judg- ment was very elaborate, and went minutely into the facts, holding that Bmco and Ligar were equal partners in the station, and that the latter should account to the plaintiffs for the proceeds. Healso considered that, as Ligar was now to some extent antagonistic to the children of Bruce, ho should bo íemoved from his office as trustee, on the accounts of tho estate being taken. As to Watson, whoso removal was also sought, ho did not think that any case had yet been made against him, but directed some inquiries to be made as to his knowledge of the transactions with Ligar, on which the decision would ultimately rest. In the Term Court, yesterday, tho ques- tion was raised whether in the action of Dunn v.. Waldoch, tho plaintiff was entitled to his full costs. The action was brought against the master of the Melbourne Hunt for trespass on the plaintiff's land, and a verdict given for £o. Mr. Justice Barry cer- tified for costs, but the master refused to tax on the certificate, which was informallj drawn up. Tho application yestoiday was te havo this informality amended ; and also foi a direction to the master to tax without anj coi titi cate, because, as the action had beor originally commenced in the County Court, and íemovedby the defendant by cerliorar to the Supreme Court, the plaintiff was ir any case entitled to the costs., A rule nisi wa granted in order that the question might bi determined.,,'In the cases of Sheldrick v Aitken and Simson v. Aitken, a branch of th insolvency law was discussed. Sheldrick ha< obtained un'order from'George'Wcstbur for 'payment, of '£158 0s. 5d.-an ordo which Aitken promised to recognise if he ha sufficient money of Westbury's in his hands Westbury became insolvent within sixty dayt Aitken, on the balance of accounts,'had £13 in his bands. ' ' TJiis was claimed both b Sheldrick and by the official assignee, th latter contending that the order was a securit for payment of money, and ' that it was ¡ fraudulent preference to Sheldrick, and a such, having boon mado withiu sixty days o tho insolvency, was void. On the otho hand, it was urged that as tho order wo given under pressure, and was bona 'fide, i was, valid. Tho Court roserved judgment In Jopling v. Watson, an appoal from Bal larat, it was decided that manure intende for exportation was not oxompt from th payment of tolls. The reports aro bel "over. An injunction will be moved for to-daj before a judge in chambers, by the agent c Mesèrs. Jas. Hennessy and Co., to restrai Messrs. T. and W. White from bottling th brandy of that firm1 from the bulk, an soiling it undor ;what they claim, as thei own'brand. We understand that the applica tionlwill be strongly resisted. ? ' In] a case of Qarvev v. Malier, heard yeste: day lat the County Court, beforo his Honoi Judge Pohlman, the plaintiff sought to ri cover damages for loss sustained by his frui cart,beingrunintoby the defendant's bugg; I the collision occurring in Collins-street, oi posite the Mechanics' Institute. There could be little dispute as regards the facts of the case, and his Honour accordingly gave an order for £5 and costs against the de- fendant. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were brought to an unexpected termination yesterday, in consequence of the absence of witnesses in the Land Act evasion cases re- maining to be tried, and which will now stand over until next month. The jury in the case of The Queen v. Mungovan, who had been locked up during the night, brought in a verdict of guilty on the second count, charging the defendant with making a false declaration. The defendant was admitted to bail to await the result of the argument before the full Court on the points reserved on the trial. Ah Coy will be tried again at the next sittings of the court. A married woman, named Ellen Latham, was brought into the Melbourne Hospital yesterday evening, from Palmer-street, East Collingwood, suffering from scalds on both legs. There wero rumours afloat that her husband had thrown boiling water over her, but the truth is that she ovei turned a vessol she was removing from tho fire in the course of her washing. The shock brought on a fit, from which she could not be recovered, and up to a late hour last night she was uncon- scious, and in a very unsatisfactory condition. William Cullen, butcher, Elizabeth-street, was also admitted to the hospital for treat- ment of injuries to the hand, inflicted by a sausage-machine, which had cleanly cut off three of his fingers. On Tuesday evening, between twelve and one o'clock, tho premises of Mr. Foster Mar- shall, tanner, Breakwater, near Geelong, were discovered to bo on fire. Mr. Marshall re- tired with his family at the usual hour, and was awakened by hearing the peculiar crack- ling noise caused by the fire, which ho found had originated in the front room. Tho house, a wooden one with slate roof, consisting of five rooms and a detached kitchen, was con- sumed. Mr. Marshall had only time to place his family in safety, and remove a small quantity of his furniture. The house was insured for £400 and the furniture for £100. An investigation is likely to take place into the origin of the fire. Tho works connected with the drainage of Lake Modewarre aro progressing rapidly, only from threo to four chains more tunnelling being required to complete them. An inquest was held at Lethbridge yester- day, before tho local coroner, on thebodyof an old man named Matthew Cornelius, who was found dead on Monday last, in the house of a Mis. Cook, where lie had rosided for some time. The evidence showed that the deceased had been complaining latterly of general illness, and bed an attack of dysentery on the day preceding his death. The jury returned a veidict of "Death from oxhaustion." To-moirow night a grand sacred concert will take place at the Theatre Royal, whon selections from the "Elijah," " Sfcabat Mater," "Eli," "Abraham," aud other ora- torios will he performed. Judging from the successful concert gi ven hythe same company on Chiistmas night last, at the above building, we have every reason to oxpect a great mu- sical treat. In addition to the long list of names advertised, we observe that of Mr. Alfred Wilkie, the new tenor, from Tasmania, who will make his fust appearance in this colony in sacred music. Tho perfonnances at the Theatre Royal this evening will be for tho bonefit of Mr. John Hennings, tho able scenic artist of tho theatre, whoso abilities will no doubt be sub- stantially recognised. The ptincipal attrac- tions announced are '"AfterDark," and the opening of the burlesque of "Robinsou Ciusoe." ' The collector of the Hebrew Ladies' Benevolent Society acknowledges the receipt of £1 from Mrs. Guesden, of St. Kilda. This evening a grand musical entertain- ment will be given by the Emerald-hill amateuis, in aid of the branch of the Horn brook Ragged-school Association there. It will take place in the Mechanics' Institute. A'complimentary concert to Mrs. Perryman took place on Wednesday night in the Me- chanics' Institute, Williamstown. The pto gramme embraced a number of popular songs and duets, which were for the most part very creditably rendered. Thero were about 200 people present. 