SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The quiet which in political life pre- vailed at the date of our last summary has been somewhat rudely disturbed by the extraordinary course taken by the Ministry in filling up the vacancies in the Cabinet. For months the posts of Commissioner of Customs and Minister of Railways remained vacant ; and al- though pressed on all sides to make the appointments, the Chief Secretary per- sistently declined to do so until the Land Bill had passed the Assembly, because, as he alleged, it would be unfair and inconvenient for two hon. members to be obliged to resign their seats, and go before their consti- tuents, whilst so important a measure was under discussion. Even after the Land Bill had gone from the Assembly to the Council, there appeared but little inclination to make the appointments, and Ministers were once or twice ques- tioned on the matter in the Assembly. At last, on the 3rd inst., it was an- nounced that Mr. Wilson, the member for Ararat, had accepted the office of Minister of Railways, and Mr. George Rolfe, the president of a political body known as the Loyal Liberal Asso- ciation—a gentleman altogether out- side Parliament, but who was at one time a member of the Legis- lative Council—that of Commis- sioner of Customs. The statement was made in the Legislative Assembly by the Minister of Mines, the Chief Secretary being unfortunately prevented by a severe attack of illness from being present. The announcement was re- ceived with a violent outburst of indig- nation by a large number of the ordinary supporters of the Ministry, who de- nounced the Government as having been guilty of the blackest ingratitude. It was also condemned by the Opposition as being contrary to every principle of constitutional government. Mr. Byrne, one of the members for Crow- lands, -who has always supported the Ministry, immediately on the Minister of Mines resuming his seat, after making the statement relative to the appointments, moved-"That the selection of a person not a member of the Legislature to fill one of the respon- sible oifices of state, is contrary to the invariable parliamentary practice of this country, and a reflection on the charac- ter and capacity of Parliament, and that this House feels bound to record its disapproval of the same." The Govern- ment objected to the motion being gone on with without notice, and the fol- lowing Tuesday was fixed for the debate. The Ministry have, however, been fortunate in securing a further delay. On the Saturday which inter- vened between the Thursday and Tues- day, the lion. John Pascoe Fawkner, the founder of the colony, died, and consequently, when the House met on Tuesday, it adjourned until Thursday out of respect for the memory of the bon. gentleman. Then on Thursday, when the question should have come on, the Chief Secretary was again absent, not having sufficiently recovered to be in his place, and in accordance with a request preferred on his behalf, the subject was once more postponed unti Tuesday next. Considerable interest is still taken in the matter, and a very general impression prevails that the Government will be beaten on the divi- sion. It is, however, impossible with any degree of certainty to foretell this result. The delay which has taken place is all in favour of the Ministry and those representations and influences which a Government is alone in a posi tion to avail itself of, are being most assiduously used in order to avert the threatened defeat. A very painful circumstance has arisen within the last few days, which nothing but a sense of duty wouh induce us to refer to in our edition fo home readers. For some time past it has been known that the Minister for Lands was scarcely in a fit condition to perform the duties of his office, but the community was suddenly startled by the announcement that the Attorney-General had taken steps to secure his temporary retirement, in order that he might undergo a regular course of treatment for dipsomania. Very strong opinions were expressed on the subject, but it now appears probable that there was some mistake. In the Legislative Assembly, on Wednesday night, the Attorney-General denied most positively that he had ever taken any such proceedings as those attributed to him, and read a letter from the medical adviser of the Minister of Lands, which exonerated him from having made any such attempt, but from which it appeared that the physician himself had given it as his opinion that such a course of treatment as has been indicated was the only one by which the health of the gentleman referred to could be completely restored. By some persons it is still believed that all the facts of the case have not been disclosed, and a number of statements, more or less conflicting, have been made, to which it is scarcely worth while further to allude. We believe that the Minister for Lands has determined upon resigning his seat in the present Ministry. The worst phase of the whole affair, so far as the Government is concerned, is the fact that they made use of Mr. Grant’s popularity and known honesty of purpose to secure the granting of increased powers under the new Land Bill to the Minister of Lands, when at the same time they did not consider him fit to be entrusted with the control of his department. The new Land Bill finally passed the Legislative Assembly on the 24th ult., and was received in the Council on the following day. It was at once read a first time, aud the second reading was fixed for Tuesday next. As yet, there has been no indication of the intention of the Upper House with regard to the measure, but it is probable that some of the large powers conferred upon the Minister entrusted with the administra- tion of tho act will be materially cur- tailed. The days of state aid to religion aro numbered. Every reasonable man has long seen the absurdity of the system which, prevails here. Truth and error are alike subsidised, for all religions and all sects, Protestants of every denomina- tion, Catholics and Jews, receive a share of the grant of £50,000 a-year set apart for religious purposes by the Constitution Act. As all contribute alike to the general revenue, it was held that all alike were entitled to a share of the plunder. This absurdity is now to be abolished. On the 25th ult. the Chief Secretary proposed reso- lutions providing that the grant should be reduced £10,000 a year, so that at the end of five years it should entirely cease. The resolutions were carried unanimously, and a bill founded upon them was brought in and read a first time. The second reading was to have taken place on Wednesday last, but the House did not meet on that day. It will now have to be postponed until the want-of-confidcnce motion previously referred to has been decided. Last month we stated that intelli- gence had been received by telegram from New South Wales to the effect that a diamond weighing some seven ounces had been found at Armidale in that colony, and doubts were at the same time expressed as to the true character of the stone. Unfortunately, these doubts were but too well founded. The stone was no diamond, not even a colourless topaz-only a poor piece of crystal quartz, very much water-worn. Death has at length removed from us the founder of the colony-the Hon. John Pascoe Fawkner, M.L.C.-the man who, but a little more than thirty four years ago, sailed up the River Yarra, and commenced a colony the growth of which has been unexampled in history, and which, in all probability, will never be paralleled. At the age of seventy-six, respected by all who knew him, after a life eventful as a romance, and eminently active and useful, Mr. Fawkner has passed from us ; but his name will be treasured as a household word long after the colony he founded has become an important empire. SOCIAL SUMMARY. Much, anxiety has been caused by the serious indisposition of the Chief Secretary, who has been unable for more than a week to attend to his public duties. At one time fears were entertained that paralysis would set in, but all dangerous symptoms have since passed away, and Mr. M'Culloch is expected to to able to return to his post in a few days. Mr. Whiteman, M.L.A., who has been very dangerously ill with gastric fever, is also re- covering. The American war steamer Kearsage left Sydney on the 1st September. During tho stay of the vessel in the port her officers were feted by the inhabitants, who gavo a banquet and picnic in their honour. An untoward accident happened to tho branch mail steamer Balclutha on her pas sago from Adelaide to King George's Sound. On the morning of Tuesday, the 17th August, when about fifty miles S.S. 13. of Capo Borda, she broke her shaft, and then sprang a leak in the after compartment, the bulkhead of which giving way, the water got into tho hold, and rendered tho steamer unmanage- able. The passengers, including Mr. Weld, the new Governor of "Western Australia and family, were about being transferred to tho boats, when tho coasting schoonor Aurífera bore in sight and rescued thom from further danger. The mail bags were also placed on board the Aurifcra and conveyed back to Adelaide. After consultation with his officers, Captain Grainger courageously resolved (although there wore six feet of water in tho hold) to attempt to save his ship, and, aided by the efforts of his crew, ho success- fully accomplished his object. Tho bravery and skill of Captain Grainger in bringing tho steamer into port in her disabled condition have excited much admiration, and the Go venors of South Australia and Western Aus- tralia have both publicly expressed their ap- preciation of his gallant conduct, Owing to tho breaking down of the Balclutha, the South Australian people had to wait longer than usual for their mails, which were brought on to Melbourne by tho Malta, and transhipped for Adelaide in tho Ranga tira. The proprietors of 'The Argus, in order to secure the European news som o hours earlier than it could bo obtained via Queenscliff, despatched a special steamer (tho Mystery) to await the arrival of tho R.M.S.S. Malta off Cape Otway, with instructions to their representative to hoard her, obtain tho mail despatches, land them at Apollo Bay, and telegraph tho intelligence so received to the office in Melbourne. The Malta was sighted about two o'clock on Sun- day morning, tho 29th ult., and was inter- cepted by the special steamer at three a.m., between ten and twelve miles to the south- east of the Cape. Tho news was immediately transmitted to Sydney and Melbourne, but it being Sunday, the readers of The Argus did not receive the benefit of the precautions which had been taken for securing the eailiest practicable publication of the mail intelligence. The Malta reached the Heads at a cruarter to nine a.m. on tho same day, and anchored in Ilobson's Bay about three p.m., thus delivering her mails upwards of four days before tho contract time. The machinery for the Victorian Mint, which has been purchased at a cost of £15,000, has arrived in the colony. It has been manu- factured after the best existing patterns, and is not only far superior to tho old-fashioned machinery still used in the Royal Mint, but embraces all the improvements suggested by experience of the apparatus lately supplied by the same makor (Mr. Joseph Taylor, of Birmingham) to the French Imperial Govern- ment. Tho buildings which aro to receive tho plant are not yet begun, but the prelimi- nary work, under the superintendence of Mr.1 Waidell, inspectorgeneral of public works in' Victoria, and Mr, Forstall Coinhor, the Im- perial consulting engineer, is finished, and1 tho contract for the erection will shortly be taken up. It is expected that Victorian sovereigns may bo looked for in ten months from this date. ' With the view of furthering thoobiects of tho Technological Commission, who desire to hold their lectures, &c;, in the now Exhibi- tion-building, tho Chief Secretary has inti- mated his intention of appointing some of that body as additional trustees of the Public Library. The Chief Secretary bos also agreed to the removal to tho Exhibitionof the models of machinery, &c;" now at tho University. The desire of the commission is to commence a series of lectures on industrial subjects as soon as possible, and to impart instruction in every other way that may bo practicable. For some time past the Telegraph depart-, mont has been preparing returns relative to the amount of trafilo and the costof telegrams o» the different lines throughout tho colony, with a view to enable the Government to de- cide on a scheme ot reduction in the present charges for transmitting messages. The South Australian system has been an acknow- ledged success ; and the reduction in Tas- mania from hali-a- crown to a uniform rato of one shilling has resulted in an increase of 1C per cent, on tho amount actually received for messages. Doubts whicli were raised as to the wholc someness of tho Yan Yean wator have been dissipated by a report from tho Government analytical chemist, Mr. Johnson, who ana- lysed samples taken from tho centre of the reservoir, from two of its tributaries, viz.. Bruce's Cheek and the Plenty River, and from the service-pipe at St. Kilda. Tho results of his analyses of these samples proved to him conclusively that the water supplied to the city of Melbourno is of moro than average excellence, and that there is every prospect of its improving rather than deteriorating in coming years. Attention, however, has been drawn to tho fact that the waters of the íeservoir are lower now than they have ever been known to be at thi3 season of the year, and the Government are causing inquiries to he mado as to the prac- ticability of rendering available other sources of supply. The scab question is in a moro unsatisfac- tory position than ever. Tho bill for continu- ing and amending the act was passed by the Legislative Assembly many weeks ago, but when the mcasuio reached tho Legislative Council it was referred to a committee, who subsequently brought up a report on the sub- ject, reconimending material alterations in the bill. Tho report was adopted by the House on Thursday last, but tho further con- sideration of tho bill was postponed until Tuesday next, in order that tho Government may have an opportunity of considering the proposed amendments. In tho meantime, the former act is, in consequenco of recent decisions in tho Supreme Court, practically inoperative, and tho inspectors aro powerless to prevent tho travelling of scabby sheep, or, in fact, to talco any measures to hinder tho spread of tho disease. Tho chief inspector lins already called attention to the fact that scab has been introduced into districts here- tofore clean, stating also that tho inspectors anticipated in soveral cases whatwouldoccur, but had no power to interfere. A criminal action for libel, at the instance of Dr. Jordan, of Jordan and Beck, has been commenced against Mr. David Syme, pro- prietor of the Aye and Leader newspapers, The libel complained of consists of articles in the journals in question condemnatory of the anatomical exhibition called the Anthro- pological Museum, of which tho plaintiff is proprietor. The case was partially heard at the City Police Court on Thursday last, and was adjourned until next Monday. The first number of a new satirical journal, entitled Mumblin, has made its appearance. In form and size Humbug resembles Mel- bourne Punch, but the title-page and car- toon, which are both very effective, are printed in colours, in the style of the toma- hawk. Another journal of satire is also about to be published in Melbourne. The abstract of the estimated population of Victoria for the quarter ending the 30th of Juno last, as furnished by the registrar-gene- ral, gives the total population at 69G.161 ; there being 391,140 males, and 305,010 fe- males. During the quarter the gain to the population by excess of births over deaths waa 3,088—viz., 1,813 males, and 2,173 females. The gain by excess of arrivals over departuies was 2,635-viz., 1,489 males, and 1,146 fe- males. The total gain was, therefore, 6,623 -viz., 3,302 males, and 3,321 females. Two earthquake shocks, one vory slight but the other of some twenty seconds' dura- tion, were experienced on the morning of the 30th August in the North Gipps Land and Beechworth districts. The principal shock occurred at about a quarter to five a.m.. and the direction of the wave appeared to be from east to west. The vibrations are described as being rapid, continuous, and distinctly marked, resembling the quick pace of heavy waggons over an un- even road. The shock appears to have been more severe at Sale than anywhere else. At that place the party walls of one of the most substantial buildings in the town were cracked diagonally from top to bottom; windows were violently and visibly shaken, and the glass in some instances cracked, and a few small articles of furniture disturbed. The shocks were also plainly felt at the Heart, Clydebank, Nuntin, Maffra, Heyfield, the 42nd, Stratford, and Bairnsdale. The same earthquake appears to have been felt in other parts of the colony, though less dis- tinctly. Attention is being drawn in different parts of the country to the alterations which the climate of Australia is undergoing, in conse- quence of the systematic denudation of tree . covering which the surface of the country is being subjected to. It is shown, for example, that in the case of the Ballarat district, the destruction of tho timber has been accom- panied by a corresponding diminution in the rainfall, and that since 18G3 there has heen a moro or less regular reduction, from 37'27 inches in 1863 to 17'23 inches ia 1808. During the past seven months of tho present year; and including two of the ordinarily wettest, the rainfall has been only 11'20 inches. In connoxion with this subject, mention may be made of the fact that the Government have appointed an inspector of state forests, whose duty it will bo to prevent the waste of timber and the reckless destruction of livo wood, and at tho same time to establish nurseries of forest trees in various parts of the colony. The appointment has been conferred upon Mr, Ferguson, lato gardener to Mr. Hugh Glass. Some excitement has heen caused in the mining world by a decision given by Judge Macoboy, in theSandhurstCourt of Mines, and subsequently confirmed hy tho Chief Judgo, invalidating all the forfeitures of shares de- clared hy the directors of mining companies as the penalty of non-payment of calls, &o.; A deputation of the directors and managers of the leading Ballarat mining companies waited on tho Minister of Mines, and pre- sented a memorial praying that the inability to forfeit shares might be at onco remedied by legislativo action, which should have re- troactive force. The Government have since brought in a measure to legalise both exist- ing and future forfeitures. ' The largo and valuable collection of mine- rals, rocks, and fossils, which has been in course of formation by the Mining depart- ment for many years, is now boing laid out in the Exhibition-liall for public inspection. A portion of the collection was exhibited in the late Intercolonial Exhibition, but sinco then extensivo additions havo been mado toit. The first load of wool of this season's clip was despatched on the 23rd August, from the St. Arnaud district, consigned to Messrs. C. J. Dennys and Co., of Geelong. This is the earliest shearing known in that district. The wool is presumed to have been shorn in the grease.l The Board of Agriculture held its annual meeting on the 18th August. It was agreed to set apart, out of tho annual grant of £0,000, the sum of £4,500 for agricultural socioties, and to devote the remaining £1,500 to experiments,, expenses, and national shows. Amongst tho business transacted was tho adoption of a proposition, first mooted by Mr. W. Hull (late M.L.C.), that the board should appeal to tho Government to take steps to encourage tho growth of trees, whether foreign or indi| genous. j A report furnished to the superintendent of the Geodetic Survey by Mr. William Tur- ton, assistant geodetic surveyor, who is novV engaged extending the triangulation between tho entrance of tho Snowy River and Capo Howe, mentions that the survey party is now, camped on the Wingan Inlet, about sixty miles cast of Capo Howe. Ile also states that about threo miles and a half east of Cape Eveiaid there aro two rivers which unite into one about half a mile inland-one river com- ing from tho north-east and tho other from north. Theso rivers aro unnamed. Ile re- ports having nearly completed the orection of a station on Ram Ilead, and of making rapid progress towards Capo Howo. Ho also men- tions the existenco of a quartz roof, rich in gold-bearing pyrites, on the south side ol , Mount Cann. The works for supplying tho town o£ Gee- long with wator, it is stated on tho authority of Mr. Christopherson, engineor-in-chief of the Victorian water supply, will bo completed by the end of February, 1870. A return, furnished to Parliament by the Post-office authorities, ,shows that on the 31st December, 1808, there, were 030 post-offices open in the colony, including fifty-nine offices in which the postal and telegraphic depart- ments are combined. Tho works at tho Alfred Graving Dock at Williamstown aro being energetically pro- ceeded with, and the completion of tho dock maybe definitely looked for in October, 1871. A most interesting part of the construction tho coffer-dam, 800 feet long, which encloses the space where the sea mouth of the dock has to be built—has just been finished. No public building in Melbourne has beon orected with moro expedition and less fuss than the Town-hall, and tho contractors arc to be congratulated on tho prompt and business-like way in which they have performed their work. Precisely one year has elapsed since they commenced with the free- stone, and the whole of tho masonry of tho magnificent structure is now completed, with the exception of the tower. This will be pro- ceeded with at once, and, judging by what has already bccn> accomplished, little time will elapse beforo its completion. , The new Melbourne Meat Markot for whole- sale dealers, erected by the City Corporation, was successfully opened on the 1st inst. It is situated at the corner of Victoria and Eliza- beth streets, and is a roomy and well-con- structed building. The total cost of the structure has been £4,800 and the probable revenue which will be derived from it in the shape of rent for stalls is estimated at some- thing like £1,000 per annum. The new saleyards recently ereeted by the Corporation of Geelong, wero formally opened on (Sth September, in the pretence of between one and two thousand buigesses. The yards are considered to be highly creditable to the town. A Proprietary College Company, with a capital of £13,000, has been formed. The promoters proposo to establish an institution which shall occupy a position between the higher class schools, such as tho Scotch Col- lege and Church of England Grammar School, and the University. A provisional committee has been appointed to make tho preliminary arrangements. Some important and probably beneficial changes are being made in tho management ot the Industrial Schools. Tho Government aro very anxious to make better provision for the helpless infants at the l'rince's-bridgo establishment, and arrangements aro now pending whereby it is hoped these infants w11 be transferred to the Industrial Home, a suit- able building being erected for their reception. With regard to the Sunbury school, the re- signation of the present superintendent, Mr. M'Farlane, has been accepted, but no suc- cessor has yet been mentioned. It is proposed by the Wesleyam of Ballarat to erect a new church at tho corner of Dana and Lydiard streets, at a cost of £10,000. The master bakers of Melbourne have ac- ceded to the demand mado by the journey- men for tho reduction of tho period of labour to ten hours per day, It is also agreed that the men shall not he required to work on Sundays, and that instead of having to live on the premises and board as domestic ser- vants, they shall be paid wholly in monoy. The new order of things is to be commonced on the 24th of this month. Some remarkable cures of obstinate wounds by the simple application of dry earth have been related. Amongst them is that of a gentleman at Mount Gambier, Mr. James Pratt, who about six years ago received a kick from a horse below the knee of his right leg. Tho wound was healed partially, but after a time it broke out again, and spread until the whole of the lower part of tho leg was affected. Mr. Platt, having heard of the success of the earth treatment in other cases, procured some virgin soil taken from below the roots of the grass, and applied it to the wound, which at the time was as large as his hand, and caused the leg to ho very_ much swollen. The result was that tho swelling was reduced in tho girth, measurement three inches upon tho first application. The treat- ment was continued for three weeks, at the end of which timo the wound was quite healed. The certificate of Mr. Joshua Cowell, who carried on business in Melbourne a year or two ago as a boot importer, and who was for some time a member of tho Legislative Assembly, has been refused by tho Insolvency Commissioner, on the ground that the insol- vent had mado a fraudulent transfer of pro- perty to a woman named Margaret Scully, who had been living with him as his mis- tress. Some Ballarat speculators have taken up a claim on tho AVaterhouso Reefs, Tasmania, of which a high opinion has been formed. The agent sent over by the purchasers is of opinion that thero ,is an alluvial gold-field within twenty miles of Launceston. The dis- covery of some rich alluvial ground at the Piper Biver is also reported. The two men, Wcigart and Daloy, charged with complicity in the muidor of the woman found strangled in the military resorve some months ago, have been discharged, the Crown not being in possession of sufficient evidence to justify a prosecution. Rogers and O'Brien, the two men who were arrested in Melbourne on the charge of steal- ing goods which had been purchased by the insolvent M'Kinlay, in Sydney, for shipment in the Snowbird, have been lemanded to tho place where tho robbery was committed. They were brought up at the Sydney Police Court upon theirarrival, but M 'Kinlay declined to prosccuto, stating that ho had sworn tho information upon which the prisoners wero arrested when undor mental excitement. The prosecutor and tho accused aro now being proceeded against for conspiracy. Captain Shaw, master of tho Snowbird, has also beon apprehended as a participator in the transac- tion. An atrocious outrage, followod by the sui- cido of the criminal, has boen committed at Whittlesea. An ex-convict, named Jones, broke into the house of a farmer named Edwards at daylight one morning, and, in tho abseni'e_ of the _ unfortunate husband, suc^ ceeded in committing a gross offence upon his. wife. The ruffian having accomplished hH vile purpose, fastened up the house, and getting some bark and light wood together, deliberately set to work to burn down the houEO with the unfortunate inmates. Mrs. Edwards; howovor, with a girl who hap- pened to be in the house at the time, managed to get out of a window, and ran to her father-in-law's house, about a milo and a half off, Jones then mado off into tho scrub, where ho succeeded in concealing himself for a few days. IIo was eventually captured by Edwards and a party of men who had gone in pursuit, when it was found that ho had stabbed himself in four places with a pocket-knife. Ho died in a few hours, refusing to tho last to say a word with reference to tho crime ho had committed. It is seldom, that even the most hardoned ruffians run through such a list of crimes in a lifetimo as this man did in less than three days. Ho committed arson, robbery, rape, attempted to commit a most diabolical murder by burning three help- ] less fellow crcatures¡ and ended the fearful list of crimes by suicide. It is proposed to ask the Government to placo a sum of money on the Estimates to compensate Mr. Edwards for the loss of his house, which was burned to the «round. Mr. Bankin, tho Commissioner of Crown Lands at Rockhampton, who fired three shots of his revolver at Mr. Win. Rae, has boen committed for trial on tho charge of attempt to murder. No less than four mining accidents ocenred in one day at Smythesdale. Two of thom happened in the Golden Horn claim. By ono a Chinaman had his ann severely injured, and by the other a European sustainod a serious injury to his leg, resulting in subsequent death. A third accident took place in the Galatea claim, through a false 6et giving way, whereby two men, one of whom was named Vine, was seriously hurt, and anothor named Stanton was killed. The latter leaves a widow and four children. A fourth accident occurred at the Golden Stroam claim, by which one man had his ann broken. ' Tho skeleton of a man has been discovered underneath a heap of stones, about a mile and a half from the Tea Tree, in the direc- tion of the Corangamite Lake, near Colac. That the man has been murdered there is reason to suspect, as the right side of the skull is smashed in, the collar bone and several other bones fractured. It is believed that the bones are those of a shepherd who suddenly disappeared between sixteen and seventeenyears ago, and was, never again heard of. TUE POLITICAL AND PA11LIAMEN-, TARY SITUATION. ! The political and Parliamentary situation, of the moment is one of hubble-bubble. Three weeks of tho month lapsed tranauilly. Tho Land Bill was passed through the As-] serably and romitted to the Upper House, j and bon. members calmly eat down to discuss stato aid to religion and educational systems. A tono of serenity pervaded all things poli- tical, albeit tho unquiet spirits of the Oppo- sition still pushed their inquiries as to how the Ministerial vacancies-the Commis sionership of Railways and Roads, vacated by Mr. C. B. Jones, who was con- victed by Parliament of corruption and expelled, and tho Commissioncrship of Trade and Customs, vacated by Mr. Vale because he was unablo to prevent Mr. Jones's ro election after resigning his seat, in order to contest it--were to be filled. The scandals arising out of the non-filling of these offices were described in our last summary. Such was the character of the month's proceedings till Thursday week, when the required an- nouncements respecting tho new Ministers were made, and in a moment the political pot began to boil madly. Three-fourths of the Ministerial supporters were instantly seized with rogo at wbat thoy called the insult put upon them; and they have carried things so far that a Ministerial crisis is impending. At the same time, political scandals of surprising magnitude cloud the political atmosphere, and all is the direst confusion, such as we cannot yet see the end of. The illness of the Chief Secretary— which at one time threatened to be severe— has protracted any attempt at settlement one way or another, and thus we are only able to indicate the various elemonts of strife, without pointing to any conclu- sion. Although this agitation of our political world comes last in the order of date, wo shall describe it first because of its superior importance. THE IMPENDING CUISIS.-A SECRET SOCIETY TAMrETlINQ WITH MEMBERS OF l'AHLLVMENT. POLITICAL SCANDALS. When the Legislative Assembly assembled on last Thursday week, there was an unusually large attendance, for it was generally known that the Ministerial vacancies had been filled up, and bon. members were eager to hear the particulars. As soon as tho Speaker took thechair, bon. members ilocked to theirplaces, and could, scarcely restrain their impatience while a few unimportant questions were being asked and answered. The unusually desolato appearance of the Treasury boneh-both the Chief Secretary and the Minister of Lands being absent-added to tho excitement. At length Mr. Kerford asked the Government generally-Mr. M'Culloeh not being in his place-whether any statement was to be mado relative to the rumoured Ministerial appoint- ments. Mr. Sullivan, Minister of Mines, rose to reply, and explaining that the Chiof Secretary had been obliged to go home through a severo attack of illness, stated that Mr. "W. Wilson (a Melbourne _ merchant, elected for Ararat in the Ministerial interest) had been appointed Ministor of Railways and Roads, and Mr, George Rolfe (also a mer- chant of Melbourne, once a mernbeT of the Legislative Council, and known as the Presi- dent of the Loyal Liberal Association, but who has not been in Parliament for several years) Commissioner of Custouis. The last announcement was received with a perfect storm of " Ob's" and derisivo cheers from all parts of the Houso. Thenoisohad scarcely sub- sided -when Mr. Byrne, Ministerial member for Crowlands, took the initiative, and, accusing thcGovernmentof insulting tho House and of being guilty of the blackest ingratitude to- wards their supporters, moved :-" That the selection of a person not a momber of tho Legislature to fill one of tho responsible offices of state, is contrary to the invariablo Parliamentary practice of thi3 country, and a reflection on tho character and capacity of Parliament ; and that this House feels bound to record its disapproval of the same." The motion was received with loud cheers, and there appears to bo little doubt that it would have been speedily carried, had not Mr. Sullivan objected to its being proceeded with without notice. The Speaker ruled in his favour, and the debato was there- upon adjourned until Tuesday last, the Houso refusing to proceed with any other business. It also transpired that the Minister of Justico, in order to bring the judges of the County Court under his control, had accepted tho office of Solicitor-General, without profit, which, it was contended, necessitated accord- ing to precedent, his going up for re-election, which ho did not propose to do. Imme- diately after tho adjournment, meetings of dilïerent sections of the House wero held,. and a unanimous determination ar- rived at to resent the insult to the House, and oppose tho action of the Government. It should bo mentioned here that sinco tho above announcement was made, the death of Mr. Fawkner has left a seat in the Council vacant, and it is notorious that the Govern- ment have in vain attempted to induco an bon. member of tho Assembly to resign in order that a seat in the Lower House might bo open. After four days of busy rumours, private meetings of members, and all the agitation that belongs to these occasions, Parliament met again on Tuesday last, when there were two obstacles to proceeding with tho attack on the Government-which, by the way, promised to bo successful viz., the death of the Hon. J. P. Fawkner, founder of Victoiia, and the illness of the Chiof Secretary (who is better, and will bo able to attend Parliament next Tuesday). But Mr. Fawkner's funeral was not to tako place till next day, and tho Government opponents desired to discuss the matter that night, which eventuated in the Government gotting a majorityof one out of a Houso of iifty- niuo members, in favour of an adjournment, which vhtuaUy lasted till Thursday. On Thursday last they met once more, but the illness of the Chief Secretary again proved an efficient weapon in the hands of the Government, and an appeal ad miserlcordiam in his behalf being made by the Minister of Mines, the House consented to adjourn till Tuesday next. At that point matters now rest, and it is reported on.tho Ministerial side, that the pro nuEed votes aro thirty-eightfor Mr. Byrne'spro position, thirty twoagainstit, andsix waverers. These, with the Speaker, and tho seat vacated by the now Commissioner of Railways and Roads, make up the sum total of members. .Tho Government are known to bo using every possible means to avert their defeat. A startling proof of the uso being mado by the Government of the support of tho_ organisation known as the Orange Society, was afforded on Thursday evening, when several members set up a complaint that " lobbying " was being openly carried on by persons without social position or pretence of respectability, but whoso title to considera- tion was their Orange iniluonce and agency. Tho complaint was made twice over, but the bon. members operated upon were alono ablo to put the Houso in a position to deal with the offenders, and they refused to como forward. Wo have another strange story io toll. Within the last few days a scandal of the darkest character touching tho central point of Ministerial associations, has come up for public discussion. It arises from tho known fact that the intemperance of Mr. Grant, the Minister of Lands, which has boon compara- tively habitual for years past, has lately reached an alarming height, and it derives additional interest from tho fact that in tho late discussions on tho Land Bill, tho Opposition havo as vehemently opposed tho proposition to confer upon the hoad of the Lands department nowors so com- prehensivo and arbitrary that they make bim essentially "lord of tho soil," while tho members of the Government have as ur- gently supported it. On Tuesday last this journal stated : - " A great deal of excitement was occasioned yesterday by the discovery of a dastardly plot against Mr. Grant, in which at least one of tho Ministers, who is known to bo opposed to that gentleman, is impli- cated." At tho same dato it was mado known by other means that the supposed .plot was in effect that Mr. G. P. Smith, At toiney-Gencral, had mado an attempt, in conjunction with members of Mr. Grant's family, to have him placed in a lunatic asylum for a few months (a colonial law permits such a courso with proved dipsomaniacs), ample provision for his family being mado through tho Estimates. Mr.¡Graut's unfortunate habits being the weak point of the Ministerial com- bination, and Mr. G. P. Smith's supposed aspirations tocommand tho Lands Office, gave colour to tho allegation,- but tho facts, so far as they havo beciv brought to _ light, by no moans support tho charge against the latter gentleman. The matter was discussed to a cer- tain extent on Thursday last and the curtain was lifted a little, but too great weight of tho circumstances go to show that Mr. Smith was simply consulted as to the possibility of dis- posing of Mr. Grant after such a fashion, and that ho < absolutely declined even to discuss a scheme so wild and impossible. The only thing in the story which can interest English readers is the fact that Mr. Grant’s retirement from the Ministry, because of his failing, was discussed by his colleagues behind Ins back, and that although there is no reason to suppose that there was any "plot," or that the Attorney-General was in one, there wero negotiations pendingwhich reflect thogreatost disgrace upon a Ministry who could continue to act with a colleague so little to bo de- pended upon ; and further, urgently advocate in Parliament the desirability of increasing his powers to a moro than seiçnorial extent. Meanwhile we await further disclosures. THE LAND BILL. The Land Bill, though it has reached the Legislative Council, has not yet become law. Two sittings more after the August mail left sufficed for its further pasadlo through com- mittee, the additional amendments proposed being mostly technical. There wero two, however, of a different character. The first, proposed by the Minister of Justice, inter- preted tho word " occupy" to mean porsonal residence on the part of tho licensee himself. This waa passed, and the bill in this respect rendered still moro stringent and illiberal than beforo. The other amendment was moved by Mr, Iliginbotham, and its purpose was to reduco the maximum area of land tobe selected under the act from GIO to 320 acres. After somo discussion, it was negatived by a majority of twenty-eight to nine. Tho bill then stood as a complete measure, and the timo carno to test the sin- cerity of tho protestations made in respect to it. Sinco the second reading, however, the opinions of bon. members appeared, from some unknown cause, to have under- gone a wondrous change. Thon, nearly every one who spoke condemned the measure, and threatened the most uncompromising opposition unless very substantial alterations were made. Hardly a single amendment of any consequence was carried, and yet, with but very few exceptions, those who formerly opposed now appeared most favourable to the bill. Somo little endeavour at improvement was mado when tho report of the committee was under consideration. Short discussions took placo on nearly every one of its prin- ciples. Attempts wero made to grant sites for churches and ministers' houses, and extend grazing rights to selectors, to lower tho prico of land to the selector and raiso the rate of assessment of the squatter, but they wero all unsuccessful, and the bill awaited its third reading substantially the same as when first in- troduced. On the Tuesday week after our last summary closed the third reading took place. There was little or no discussion, save in respect to Mr. Duffy's proposition that the bill be read that day three months, and, after two hours' debate, tho measuro was road a third time, passed, and transmitted to the Council. The second reading in the Council has not yet come on. It was fixed to take place on Tuesday last, but the death of the lion. J. P. Fawkner caused the House to adjourn. Its fate will, therefore, not bo known to our English readers till next month. STATE AID AND EDUCATION. It is long since our Parliament, and espe- cially tho Assembly, has had the opportunity of discussing abstract (pestions of policy, excepting, perhaps, that of payment of mem- bers. Tho pressure of 8ubjects¡ inferior in character but of more immedinto import- ance, lias been the chief cause of this. Three years since, Mr. Higinbotham intro- duced an Education Bill which had for its object the encouragement of purely secular education in our common schools, or at loast of destroying donominationaliniluencein their management, but it was bitterly opposed, espe- cially by the Roman and Anglican churches in Victoria, and the iutroducer had, to his ex- ceeding chagrin, to withdraw his measure. Since then tho whole quostion has slutnborcd, but in a new community like this, educa- tional debates in tho Legislature must bo periodical, and during the past month tho subject has been revived. Coincidently, state aid to religion carno also to be discussed, and was, indeed, dealt with before the othor. It was on Wednesday, 23th August, that tho question of state aid was introduced by tho Chief Secretary himself, who moved a series ol' resolutions, amounting in offoct to this-" That tho amount of £00,000 sot apart by the 03rd section of tho Constitution Act bo reduced by £10,000 every year on and after 1870, so that state aid to religion should be finally abolished in 1874 ; that the lands held for church purposes in trust for the various denominations bo granted by Uor Majesty to tho deno- minations." In his speech in support of his motion ho referred to the previous occa- sions on which the subject had been brought up-viz., in 1857, 18D9, and in 18G1-when the abolition of state aid was determined upon by the Legislative Assembly, while in the Upper House the measure failed to procuro the abso- lute m ajority of votes of members constituting the chamber which is essential to effect any constitutional change. He also contended that the withdrawal of state aid, so far from hindering tho progress of religion in the co- lony, would havu a precisely opposite effect, and that it was manifestly unjust that a por- tion of the community, who, from conscien tions convictions, could not accept stato aid, should be obliged to contribute towards tho support of a religion which they did not believe in. The debate then proceeded, but at no great length, and tho petitions of tho Anglican and ltomish Bishops of Mel- bourne against the proposed disendowmont of religion formed a leading topic of tho various utterances. Mr. Fellows, in his turn, opposod the motion, denying that undor the present system any Bet of men wore called upon to support a religion other than their own, because taking it that, inasmuch as all equally contributed, they received back attain the fair proportion due to thom for the support of tho denomination to which they belonged the Chinese, of courso, oxcopted. The At- torney-General, as in duty bound, supported the motion, and argued that as sundry dono ininations-notably the Independents and Baptists, and some Prcsbytorians-rofused state aid altogether, thore was no such cqua lity as that contended for by Mr. Fellows. Captain MacMahon suggested a compromise upon the terms of which tho grant should be continued for ten years moro. Mr, Iliginbotham admitted that ho had changed his opinions since tho timo when he supported state aid to religion, and for gooc reason. Tho state had only been rendering its assistance to the propagation not of reli gion but of dogmatic belief, and in that hi believed it had no interest, and be could noi understand how any one really believing ii the truth of tho peculiar dogmas and doctrine: professod by him could support a syston which propaqated not only what he considoroc vital and important truths, but also false hoods, which ho held to bo not only mos peniicious to those who bolioved in thom, bu most disastrous lo tho stato as a wholo. Mr Duffy said that what ho had scon during tin disruption in Scotland, the famine in Ire land, and during what was known as tin Oxford movement in England, had convincei him of the power and forco of tho voluntar-] principle lio did not, however, ngreo thai the state had received no advantage from the expenditure of the grant in aiu. All th< churches taught tho Ten Commandments, and it was better that tho people should bl thus taught than that thoy should bo aftor wards punished for tho violation of thes< laws. Mr. AVrixon admitted that the onlj correct principle, the only ouo that could mu must bo deponded upon, was that of volun taryism. Tho othor speeches mado woro oí ne moment. Itis sufficient that Mr. M'Culloch'! resolutions woro carried, mid that a bil founded on thom was introduced and road t first timo at onco. Tho question remains a that stago. The debato on education was a moro sus tained, and, if possible, moro important dis mission. Tho pecuniary interests of th various religious bodies, and, further, thoi social and spiritual iniluenco, wero so mud at stake, that- tho quostion not being a Go vernment one-strongly combativo feeling woro aroused, and tho advocates of tho purol; secular system of national education wen brought face to face with tho arguments oi tho othor sido. The subject was initiated b; Mr. Fellows, who moved as follows :-" Tha tho act for the better maintenance and esta blishment of common schools should be re pealed ; that tho instruction of all children ii reading, writing, and arithmetic should bl enforced by law: that tho seleoiion of thi school should bo left to tho uncontrolled dia cretion of parents and guardians ; that thi teacher of tho school selected should bo on titled to receive, in lieu of salary, a capitatioi allowance in respect of evory child instructs by him up to the legal standard ; that tit attainment of the legal standard should bi ascertained by examination boforo an office to bo appointed for that purpose-;, that al moneys appropriated for public instructioi should bo paid from tho Treasury upon th authority, claim, and certificate usually adopted in the Government departments ; that tbe property vested in the Board of Edu- cation (except such as may have been con- veyed to them by trustees) should bo transfer- red to thoCrown, and dealtwith as othorCrown land, and that proporty derived from trustees should bo re-conveyed as the original trusts." He then proceeded to lay down as a funda- mental maxim, that beyond determining that children should be educated to a certain ex- tent, the stato had no right to interfere with the natuie of the education imparted, whether religious or not. There was au objection on the part of a largo portion of the population to a purely secular system of education, be- cause it was directly opposed to their religious belief. Merely as a question of polico and for the prevention of crime, the stato had a right to insist lhat every child should bo taught to read and write, but it had not a right to do teimine what any particular child should reud or write. The practico of local govern- ment had worked well in other matters, and in opposing the existing system of centralisa- tion as expressed in tho constitution of tho BoaTd of Education, ho did not seo why a beneficial result should not follow local go- vernment iii the matter of education. He urged that it was necessary for the preserva- tion of religious liberty that each denomina- tion should educate its children in the Avay it thought best. Mr. Higinbotham followed with an amendment, viz., the omission of all the resolutions excopt the first, and tho inser- tion after the first of the following, viz. : "That a national system of religious educa- tion is at present rendered impracticable by ecclesiastical rivalry and dissensions, and by the unpatriotic policy pursued by the leading Christian sects ; and that the establishment of a public system of secular instruction, free from the interference of the_ religious sects, and under tho direction of a Minister of the Crown, responsible to Parli- ament, is urgently demanded by the highest national interests, and calls for the im- mediate attention of tho Legislature." Ho first proceeded to show by figures (the in- tegrity of which has been disputed by the Board of Education) that the present system had failed, and then argued that the offectual organisation of tho present common schools, and the adoption of any sufficient means for the proper training of teachers, wero rendered impossible by the deadly rivalry existing bo tween the several religious denominations. Supposing the Common Schools Act done away with, tho question remained, What system should bo adopted? Ho contended that the state was upon no ground called to contributo to the religious education of the people, and for this reason ho opposed Mr. Fellows' system, wich was essentially a de- nominational one. Ho behoved it only re- mained for the state to adopt a systom of simple secular education. Mr. Duffy claimed to address tho House on this question as a member of the Catholic body, having parti- cular views, claims, and requirements in con- nexion with this matter. Referring to tho unjust system of education which for a long time prevailed in Ireland, when no education at all was provided save in avowedly Pro- testant schools, he contended that tho purely secular system proposed in the amendment was not worthy the namo of education. Ho maintained that there was no forco in any of the objections which had been urged against the proposition that the Catholics should receivo that portion of the grant for educa- tion to which they wero entitled, and to educate their children as they saw fit, sub- mitting to the same standard of attainments adopted by tho Government with regard to the other public schools of tho colony. If the Catholics were not permitted to educate their childi en us they pleased, then religious persecution and religious ascendancy wero established in this colony. All tho Catholics asked was tho expenditure of their own money in their own way. He should vote against the amendment and for tho original motion -not because ho altogether agreed with the latter, but becauso he belioved it to bo the lesser of two evils. This closed tho dobato for one ovening. It was resumed noxt day by Mr. Blair, who urged that a purely secular system of education must prevail in this country ; for the common schools wero not the places in which to teach religion the teachers were not the persons to teach it -any inteiforenco in that way would only bo mischievous ; it greatly injured religion so to teach it. The parents and the ministers of religion wero the persons upon whom tho duty proporly devolved, and the secular systom laid tho foundation for a religious education, .which should be given in the Sabbath-schools. The only other speakers of noto wore-Mr. AViixon, who contended that no systom of instruction could bo satisfactory which had no reference to man's ultimate destiny, and Mr. Langton, who defended the denomina- tions from the chargo of neglecting their duty in the matter of education, and alluded for pioof to the early days of the gold-fields, when they established a largo number of schools with little or no Government assist- ance. The dobato closed at this point with the piomiso of a complete refutation of the charges practically and impractically brought against the Board of Education. OTHER MEASURES IN THE ASSEMIILV, Tho attention of the Legislative Assombly has been so absorbed by leading questions that but little has been done in tho way of general legislation. Referring to recont and existing Parliamentary scandals, Mr. Langton has introduced a bill to render porsons who shall bo oxpolled from Parliament for corrupt practices incapablo hencoforth of being elected to or sitting in either House of Parliament. Ho first asked tho Go- vernment to bring it in, but tho Chiof Secretary declined for want of time this session, and tho hon. mombor thereupon took action for himself. Tho bill awaits its second reading. Tho Minister of Justico has introduced a bill to amond tlio Mining Com- panies Statute, rondcred necessary by a re- cent decision of Judge Macoboy, which appears to invalidate tho declared forfeitures of mining shares on account of non-payment of calls. It has not at present gone be- yond the initiatory stages. For a simi- lar reason, viz., that the Supremo Court has given a version of tho Customs act adverse to tho interpretation of _ the department defining tho character of piece goods, the Attornoy-Genoral has introduced a Customs Act amendment bill. Tho same gentleman has also re-introduced tho Wine, Beer, and Spirits Sale Bill, which ho brought forward in a former session. Its intonsoly re- strictive character, tho extreme viows and ex- trem o arguments brought forward by tho mover in its support, and the unpopularity of the Attorney-General himself, caused the trouble taken with the bill to pi ovo abortivo, and a similar fato is predicted for tho present moa sure. It has not yet been read a second time. The Minister of Justico has also introduced a bill for the protection and management of the aborigines of Victoria, which has passed through the Assombly and beon sont to tho UpperHouso. The bilI,for the protection of fish- eries has boon brought down from tho Council, but it has already mot with vigorous oppo- sition, and has not gono boyond an initial stage. It is in the hands of a private mem- ber. A bill to empower local bodies to carry out water supply works for themselves, ana to endow them for that purposo with tho powers heretofore given solely to the Board of Land and Works, has nearly reached a final stago in the Assembly, and will probably form one of the accepted measures or tho session. A bill providing for the collodion of certain fees by moans of stamps lias also boon road a first time. Tho only other measures to bo mentioned are a some- what stringent copyright protection bil!, in- troduced by tho Attornoy-Genoral, and past its second reading, and a payment of mombo« bill, which has been already initiated by a message from His Excellency, formally recom- mending the necessary appropriation. The appointment of a commission to examino into the stato of the poor in Victoria has also been promised. BILLS BECOME LAW. During the month His Excellency has twice visited Parliament, and given his assent to the following bills :-- 1\. Coroners Statute Amendment Bill. 2\. Consolidated Rovenue (interim supply) Bill. 3\. Public Works (water supply) Loan Ap- propriation Bid. 4\. Railway Loan Appropriation Bill. 5\. Lunacy Statute Amendment Bill. 6\. Criminal Law and Practice (relating to statutory declarations) Bill. 7\. Lands Compensation Bill. 8\. County Courts Law Amendment Bill. THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. The sittings of our Upper House have been continuous during the month, and a fair amount of business has been done. Their time has been principally occupied over the Local Government Bill, sent up from the Assembly, which remodels the law relating to shires and road boards. It will be re- membered that when the last mail left, the abandonment of this bilLhadbbcn threatened^ by Mr. M'Crae, Minister of Public Works, who represents the Government in the Coun- cil, because of an amendment carried by Mr. O'shanassy Sm> clause 7. and referring to the union of shires ahd road boards. The Council subsequently refused to rescind theirdecision, {and Mr." M'Crae threw up the bill, which , forthwith passed into the hands of Mr. . O'shanassy,'who has caused it to be con . siderably amended in the clauses dealing with voting, rating, and tolls. The bill now awaits ' its third reading, but it has little chanco of <" passing'thoLower House in its amendedshape, unless the Council make some very material . concessions. Fortunately, the very similar s quarrel which arose over the County Courts Bill \- has been settled. The Couneilbad insisted on 1 two amendments-one limiting the number of the County Court judges to nine, and tho í other declaring them irremovable from office save upon an address presented to both Houses of Parliament. At first, Mr, M'Crea was going to abandon the bill utterly, \- and as the Council remained firm a valuable measure, assimilating the colonial to the Eng ' lish law, and giving the lower judge an \- equitable jurisdiction, would have been lost. Wiser counsels prevailed, however, and the Assembly, at the instance of tho Government, gave way about the number of judges, whilo \- the Council surrendered tho other point. Tbo 1 bill was then finally passed by both Houses. The Council has also passed a number of bills which need not further be men- tioned, as they are included in the list of measures which have become law. Only two \- other new measures have como before tho Council at all this month. One is a bill, in- troduced by Mr. M'Crae as a private member, to cheapen and facilitate the conduct of legal proceedings, and which proposes to enable clients to employ counsel without the pre- liminary expense of feeing an attorney, and 1 barristers to sue for tho recovery of thoir ' fees. The bill was read a first time, and thon some public agitation set in; a petition, signed by a largo number of tho legal practi ? tioneis of Melbourne was presented, and finally the sponsor for the measure an- nounced that he "would not press it this session. Tho other is the _ Scab Act Amendment Bill, which it is of ex- treme importance should be passed quickly. A poition of the Council are, however, in favour of entirely changing the character of the bill, in accordance with the recommenda- tion of a select committee, so as to assimilate it with the law in New South A\rales. If this , intention bo persisted in, there appears but , little probability of the measure passing dur ' ing tho present session. THE LANDS INQUIRY COMMITTEE. The select committee appointed to in- quire into the working of the Lands de- partment and tho conduct of lion, members in connexion therewith, have held many sittings, but havo as yet accomplished little. The case in which Mr. Stutt is implicated has been concluded, but the case of the bon. member for Creswick (Mr. Miller) is not yet finished, though the committee up to the present have devoted their at- tention strictly to these two affairs. AU the witnesses in the Garvoc case having been examined, Mr. Stutt, after a good deal of difficulty, was got to make a statement concerning the transaction in which he is mixed up. It was in writing, and was the result of several days' prepara- tion, but it is said to have been not very satisfactory to the committee, who, in cross examination, elicited a good deal more infor- mation than Mr. Stutt seems to have volunteered. Mr. Miller has also mado his statement, for the preparation of which ho was allowed plenty of time, with the advantage, like Mr. Stutt, of having the printed evidence placed at bis disposal for reference. Luce Mr. Stutt, too, he was cross-examined on his statement, after which it was considered necessary to call further witnesses. What opinion the committee have formed on these two cases, or what may be tho exact nature of the cvidonce which has been extracted from the nume- rous witnesses who have beon examined, it is, of couiso, impossible to say, though it was expected that ero this tho public would havo been enlightened on the subject. Moro than a fortnight ago, some members of tho committee were desirous that progress re- ports of the evidence should bo brought up from time to timo, and Mr. Kerfeid moved a resolution to this effect, which, if carried, would have amounted virtually to the admission of tho press to tho proceedings. The proposition, however, was strenuously opposed by tho Government, who contended that no evidence should be published unless accompanied by the report of the committee on the matters involved in it. Ultimately, nn amendment moved by Captain MacMa hon was accepted, whereby the committee is permitted to íeport the evidence from day to day, and its opinions thereon. The general feeling of the House was that the proceedings should be conducted with open doors, but a pioposition to this effect, moved at tho next meeting of the committco, did not find favour with the majority, who have all along entertained an unconquerable objection to the piesence of the reporters. It was even- tually resolved that when the two cases now under consideration-those of Mr. Stutt and Mr. Miller-have been disposed of, the evi- dence subsequently taken shall be repoitod to the House fiom time to timo, and be supplied to the press, but that the reporters shall not be allowed access to the committee-room. As the two cases in question aro not both concluded, the committee have not yet circu- lated any of tho evidence, though most of it, if not all, has beon printed. In the mean- time, great difficulty has been experienced in getting a quorum together, paitly from tho disinclination of the members to sacrifico their business ongagoments, and partly from causes which can only be guessed at. After several meetings had lapsed for want of a 'quorum-five members-Mr. Longmore, in the Assembly, moved on behalf of the com- mittee for the reduction of tho quorum to threo ; but tho motion was opposed by tho Government, and it was thought ad- visable to withdraw it. The committco havo now como to nn understanding to devote one or two wholo days in each week lo the inquiry, and havo pledged them- selves to make a quorum on the days selected for meeting. As the committeo aro on tho point of commencing their general inquiry into the working of the department, it has been considered desirable to hold tho meet- ings nt the Lands-office instead of at tho Parliament-houses: and the leave of tho Assembly having been obtained, the com- mittco havo on tho last three occasions mot at Mr. Giant's office THE RAILAVAY WORKSHOPS. The commission appointed to inquire into the administration of the locomotive branch of the Government íailways, and particularly as íegards the management of tho railway workshops, has continued its sittings during the month. Facts of a most damaging cha- racter, it is stated, havo como out during tho investigation ¡ and when tho evidence is pub- lished-which, it is understood, will be when tho examination of tho engineer-in-chiof (Mr. Higinbotham) has been concluded-some astonishing revelations aro expected. The evidence already taken is in typo, and copies of it wero supplied to the cngineer-in-cnief befoie his examination was ontored upon. Mr. Higinbotham, it is said, has endeavoured to make matters look as favourable as possi- ble : but if tho statements which havo boon mado to the commission by various wit- nesses aro true,'.nothing can excuse or explain away tho. misconduct and mismau . ogoment that have taken place," - Amongst ;.?* the other witnesses summoned were- Mr. Wright, the Secretary -for railways, .who vinsi,examined as tp' his control over« and .knowledge of ¿tho accounts ; Mr. Christie, tho Iocprnotivo superintendent ¡,and Mr. Hough ' ton. -the manager of thç workshops. Tho evidence*jûiLtlüV two last witnesses was vory contradictory-a circumstance 'which, of course, has not tended to inspiro fresh conti ' dence in the deçaitmcnt. It has been stated 'that the commission do not intend to talco any .further evidence, beyond, that which tho bnguiecr-ùvchiotkas yet to give ; but* on tho .othor hand, it iá'riiported that additional wit- nesses are coming .forward" whom it will bo desirable, if not necessary, to examine» < DEATH OF MR. FAWKNER, FOUNDER OF VICTORIA. The month jas witnessed the death of tbo Hon. John Pascpo Fawkner, M.L.C.,. at tho lipo ago of sovonty-six years. With, bim is associated tho founding of Victoria^-.for although it is not clear that ho \yasactually the first to arrive here for the purpose,of set- tlement, yet tho80 who can bo said-and barely-to have,juecedcd him, have long since " disappeared, deaviug no special mark, while . Mr. Fawkner has, up to the last month,, or 'two, .beenione of our,most active citizens, and the political history of tlie colony at every stage is incomplete without hi3 ñamo in pro- minent; characters.' ,sHc claimed ".to -have planted the gerin of Victorian colonisa- tion ; and if a few weeks elapsed be- tween his and Batman's arrival here, it was through him, nevertheless, that that germ quickened and fructified. On this day week occurred his peaceful death, and Wednesday last witnessed the last scene of all in his eventful career, when they laid him to rest in the Melbourne Cemetery. It was a fit con- clusion to such a life. Probably no one over stnrted in youth under more unfavourable circumstances than he, but when his old age came to an end, a whole city paid its,tribute of respect, and he was followed to his grave by thousands. Such a funeral cortège has very îarely been seen ia Victoria, so wide- spread was the desire to render duo homage to the remains of the brave old mau who, through good and evil report, fought his way into the general respect, and made a name which the children of many generations will repeat as that of one of the fathers of the country. Of «Lim alone of all Victorian colonists it moy be said, that his Ufo was historical, and as such we describo it at lenptb. John Pascoe Fawkner was bom in London on tho 20th of August, 1792. When, in 1803, an expedition sailed from England under the auspices of the then Colonial Secretary, Lord Hobait, to found a new penal settlement on the shores of the recently discovered Port Phillip, ho was one of those who, with their mothers, were allowed to sail in the Calcutta, a 50-gnn man-of-war, which conveyed the convicts and their guards to those then little moro than unknown shores. Port Phillip was reached, without further in- terruption, on the 10th of Oetobor, 1803. Soon afterwards the boy Fawkner was landed on the site of Melbourne, in the future history of which he was destined to play no inconsiderable part. The governor of tho new settlement-Captain Collins, R.N. -adopted as its site a sandy strip of beach, a few miles inside the Heads. Freshwater was not to bo obtained in the neighbourhood-the brackish fluid which filtered through the sand was all that could bo procured for use. Little was done in the way of exploration, but the country was summarily condemned as barren and desolate, and a few months saw it aban- doned, and convicts, soldiers, and Govern- ment officers on their way to Van Diemen's Land, to establish a settlement destined to expand into the present city of Hobart Town. Of Mr. Fawkner's Tasmanian career little need bo said, for it docs not touch the brighter portion of his life. Onlandiug'he engaged in shepherding, and three years after joined his father in, farming, giving token then of that indomitable industry, perseverance, thirst for knowledge, and rest- less energy which characterised his life. At twenty-two ho indiscreetly, and to his lasting regret, mixed himself np in a plot for the escape of some prisoners, and the conse- quent agitation led bim to Sydney for two years. Tho year 1818 found him once more in Van Diemen's Land, settled and married at Launceston. In those primitive days there was an utter lack of the forensic element, and, in place of barristers or attorneys, " agents " were allowed to plead in the lower courts. Always marked by a strong liking for argu- ment, and an instinctive desire for justice, it is no wonder that Mr. Fawkner figured pro- minently among the advocates of the Laun- ceston court. He worked also at his trade, and now building and now pleading, managed to moie than hold his own, Dissatisfied with his progress, however, he made fresh ven- tures. In 182G he turned publican, and in 1829 launched into existence a weekly news- paper, the Launceston -Advertiser, tho first published there. In testimony to his inde- pendent spirit it is recorded, to bis credit, that in a time when secret service money was liberally dispensed, not a suspicion of bribery attached to his actions as journalist. Van Diemen's Land at this period was in a dis- tracted state, and the prevailing commercial distress was heightened by Governor Arthur's arbitrary conduct. Tho free colonists were, too, unceasing in their indignant opposition to thatgallant official, who declared that they were but material for prison discipline. In this contostMr. Fawkner threw heart and soul, but in time men grew weary of the strugglo, and the eyes of many turned towards Port Phillip,, glowing accounts of which had just been given by the enterprising overlanders, HovellandHume. Earlyinl835,Mr.Fawkner resolved to tempt fortune in the new country, and having realised enough for the purchase of stock, seed, and fanning implements, and the schooner Enterprise, he communicated his plan to five of his associates -Messrs. Robert Hay, Marr, G. Evans, WV Jackson, and John Lancey-who agreed to cost their lot with his, each of them contributing some- thing, either in cash or stock, to tho joint capital. There were, howovcr, delays, and in the meantime an association, composed chieily of Government officers, was formed for the settlement of the Port Phillip district, and Mr. John Batman was commissioned on its behalf to cross Bass's Straits, secure a suit- able settlement, and malto an amicable treaty with the aboriginal inhabitants. Mr. Batman left in the Rebecca, thirty tons, on the 2Gth of May, and on the 29th anchored off tho In- dented Heads, near Geelong. It is unneces- sary hero to say more than that he travelled, it is believed, to the Yarra ; that under his direction the aborigines signed deeds which purported to make over an enormous tract of country to the association ; and that he then returned to Launceston, leaving a portion of his party at the Indented Hoads, where they built a wattle-and-dab hut, commenced to crop tho land, and so founded asettlemont. Orders were left with this party to warn off all tres- passers. Tho rumours which spread at Laun- ceston regarding Batman's discoveriesand pro- ceedings, of course far from dam ped the ardour of Mr. Fawkner and his fellow adventurers. No time was lost in picparing_ for a start. Mr. Fawknor was particular in furnishing common coarse food and clothing, together with blankets, tomahawks, knives, and hand- kerchiefs suitable for tho aborigines, all of which wero found to bo very useful. Horses and ploughs, grain to sow, garden seeds and plants, and a very largo and varied assort- ment of fruit trees wero also shipped, together with the materials for a house. On tho 27th of July, tho Enterprise put to sen, but a foul \- wind detained her for three days, and Mr. Fawkner became so ill that he ordered the master of tho schooner to put back and land him. This was done, and the party sailed with- out him, but with full witton instructions to guide them, and particular orders not to settle anywhere except on the banks of a liver, or near to some copious supply of fresh water. The Enterprise entered Port Phillip on the 16th of August. The eastern shores oi the gulf were examined, but wero declared ineligible, and the little band of colonists still pushed on. In duo time this course brought them to the mouth of the Yarra, and on Sunday, tho 30th of August, the Enter- prise was moored in tho Yarra basin, nearly opposite tho present Custom-house, and here it was agreed to commence tho settlement, The goods wero landed and the tents were pitched ; small plots of ground were marked off, and Mr. Fawkner's lot having beer ploughed and sown, the Enterprise returned to Launceston for him. She conveyed tho news also that one of Batman's party had visited the settlement, and formally warned the colonists off the association's estate-a warn ing to which not the slightest attention was paid, On tho 30th of August Mr. Fawknei embarked again for Fort Phillip, and on the 10th of October, the anniversary of his firsl arrival, ho once moro, after an abseneo o thirty-two years, entered its waters. Tho ad vantages of the site chosen by the Fawknei party were so obvious, that Batman removec from the Indented Head to what was knowr as Batman's-hill till it was cut down some years sinco, and population soon gatherer, about tho spot. Thus it was that th( visit of the Enterprise led to tho forma tion of tho city of Melbourne. Thougl not the first to land, Mr. Fawknor wai the promoter of the expedition, the solee tion of tho site was mado according to hil instructions, and, ho was afterwards th< most activo agent in establishing tho settle mont. The town was established, but bo tween Mr. Fawkner's party, howovor, anc Batman's, there raged a deadly feud. The latter, having the support of a powerful asso dation, compelled Mr. Fawkner to retire foi a time to the present site of tho populoui suburb of Emerald-hill. There he soon hat eighty acres under cultivation, hut the Go vemment agents, who arrived with power t< sell land, coolly ignored all his claims, ant ''turned their horses into his paddock, Go vernor Bourke, the story runs, assisting witl his own bands. Nothing depressed, how ever, Mr. Fawkner was speedily at work ii another direction. Ho established a sod-hu house of accommodation near the marke reserve, hired out horses to inspectini visitors, practised as a bush lawyer, and whei land was ultimately offered for sale, ho pur chased largely. One of his lots was tb eastern corner of Flinders and King streets which he gavo £32 for. On another allot mont, at the corner of Collins and Markot streets', he erected a commodious hotel, one of the first brick houses tbo settlement' could Nboast of. It was a feature of hjs character, that in hotelketping he exhibited a singular solicitude for the intellectual improvement of his customers, and took every means to pub- lish among the attractions of his house his possession of English and colonial newspapers, home^roviews, novels, poetry, theology, his- tory, and a late cncyolopredia. Besides, he* earned the title of the father,of the Port Phillip press, for here, as in Launceston, ho. was the first to publish a newspaper. It was a manuscript journal of four pages, and after the issue of nino weekly numbers, Mr. Fawkner obtained a small parcel of refuso type from Launceston, and secured the ser- vices of a Tasmanian youth of eighteen, who, when about ten years old, had worked for a fow months as a compositor. Thereupon a printed A tlvcrtiscr, about twelve inches long, containing four pages of two columns each, was issued. The Sydney Government officials -true to the instincts which over guided them when this colony was concerned enteied legal objections to the non-registra- tion of the paper under the existing News- papers Act ; but Mr, Fawkner was not to be suppressed, and in 1830 he was once more in the field with tho legal Port Phillip Patriot. From thenceforwaid his lifein tho new settle- ment was one of varied success, but unvary- ing enterprise and industry. He bought 800 acres at Pascoevale, and began farming, but ill-fortune drove him to the Insolvent Court. AA'hcn be emerged from that cloud he at once converted the Patriot into a daily paper, formed a sheep station, and finally devoted himself to gardening and wine-making. During the period of his own private troubles ho still found time to render the state good service In 1812 ho served as ono of the maiket commissioners, and in 1843, 18-14, and 1845 he was elected a member of tho City Council. Tho large blocks in which land was sold preventing the poorer colonists ob- taining sites for houses, he projected a free- hold land society, which was a great success, lu tho anti-transportation movement, also, he played a prominent part ; and he was one of the leading actors in the strugglo which led to the separation of the Port Phillip district from Now South AValcs. It was upon his proposition that tho electors in Port Phillip determined not to send any moie members to the Sydney Legislature. Instead, Earl Groy was returned -a proceeding which attracted attention to tho movement, and gave point to the remon- strances of the Port Phillip settlers. In 1850, when the colony of Victoria was proclaimed, a Legislative Council- partly elective and partly nominee-was called into existence, and Mr. Fawkner, now one of the acknowledged champions of popular rights, was returned as member for the counties of Dalhousie, Anglesea, and Talbot. The dis- covery of gold, and the consequent rise in the value of property, fortunately placed him in circumstances of moderate independence, in which he afterwards remained. Though his name is not connected with the introduction of any important moasure, he took an active part in the proceedings of the Council, and in each step in advance of the times, and each protest against monopoly-such as tho Orders in Council-or arbitrary interferenco with the prosperity of the colony, he was among the loremost workers. When tho present Legis- lativo Council was formed under the new Constitution, Mr. Fawkner was returned second on the poll for the Central Province, and hence his titlo of "honourable." He speedily became a necessary part of the Coun- cil, and the absence of the President would not have been moro strange than that of tbo velvet skull-cap and the old-fashioned blue cloak in which Mr. Fawkner was wont to sit, and the interjectory remarks he was prone to indulge in. He watched narrowly all ques- tions which carno before tho House ; he spoke also distinctly and decidedly upon neaily all, and his natural shrewdness and largo colonial experience caused his advice to be of great value. Mr, Fawkner's health had beon failing for sometime. He had been suffering for a very long period from chronic asthma, in addition to one or two other ailments incident to old age, but his death was the result more of a general breaking up of the constitution than of any specific malady. His system seemed to havo completely worn itself out. He, how- ever, retained his faculties to the last. The funeral was a semi-public one, and the fact of its taking place on AVednesday last was known far and wide. Tho public offices had been closed by Government proclamation. Tho mayors of Melbourne, Fitzroy, and lîast Collingwood had called upon the citizens to closo their shops, and thus the general tone of public feeling was subdued to the event. At half-past two o'clock the doora of the Oxford-street Independent Church, Colling- wood, where the body had been laid, were opened, and in a few minutes tho place was packed, mostly with persons who woro mourning. Clergymen of different denomi- nations wero present in numbers, and the remainder of tho congregation was so compo- site in its character, and included so many leading citizens of diverse politics and re- ligious faith, that none but a somi-national event could have brought them together in one placo of worship. The funeral ceremony was performed partly in the church, and partly at the grave. The Rev. AV. AVoods (lato of Leicester, England) led tho service, but others joined in it, and the most impres sivo feature was a prayer offered in the chinch by Dr. Cairns, the leading Presbyterian clergyman of Melbourne. The rev. gentleman dwelt, as of course, upon the character of the deceased, and thanked God that ho had lived to ho "universally honoured, respected, and beloved," and aftor a life of usefulness and honour departed in the fulness of his years, giving those he left behind reason to believe that he had " fallen asleep in Jesus." The coffin was then carried to the hearse, and the funeral procession began. Those who followed the body to the cemetery comprised all classes and ranks in the community. The pall-bearers were the Hon. E. Langton, the Hon. John O’Shanassy, the Hon. C. J. Jenner, the Hon. R. S. Anderson, the Hon. George Harker, the Hon. H. Miller, Mr. T. Moubray (mayor of Melbourne), and Mr. J. Bowring (mayor of East Collingwood). Following them carno the chief mourners. His Excellency the Governor sont his car- riage, His Honour Sir William Stawell, Chief Justice, followed in another, and their Honours Sir Redmond Barry and Mr. Justice Williams succeeded. There wero also tho Dean of Melbourne, nearly all tho Ministers of the Crown, and a vast succession of ex- Ministers, members of the Legislature, distinguished colonists, clergy- men, and private friends. As the prodigious corttgc, which numbered 22S carriages, passed along tho streets, every public token of re- spect that could possibly be given was ren- dered. The shops wero shut, tho flags over the houses were lowered half-mast, some of the churches tolled bells at minute intervals, aird huge crowds assembled to witness the piocession. Tbcro could not havo been less than 10,000 or 12,000 poisons assembled in the Btreets traversed. In fact, tho ordinary life of the city seemed to stand suspended while the remains of the oldest Victorian went to their long home. Arrived at the cemetery gates, tbo coffin was carried to the gravo, round which some thousands of per- sons were gathered, and there tho mourners made up a monstrous gathering. The Rev. W. AVoods then read the remainder of the burial service-and the last sad rites per- formed, John Pascoe Fawkner was left to his wcU-earncd rest. THE LIBERATED FENIAN IN VICIORIA. AAro recorded in our last Summary the fact that John Kenealy, ono of the Fenians par- doned by tho Queen, had arrived in this colony from Western Australia ¡ that he had been communicated with by the police, and told that his stay in tho colony would be an infringement of a local law (tho Criminals Influx Prevention Act) ; that notwithstand- ing that warning ho had remained in the colony, and proceedings wore, inconsequence, instituted against him in tho police court, and that the justices ordered him to leavo the colony within a Week. Konealy, however, appealed to the Supremo Court, and the caso was argued on September 2 and 3. Mr. Ire- land, Q.C., and Mr. Adamson appeared for tho prosecution ; and Dr. Mackay, Dr. Hearn, Mr. Fellows, and Mr. O'Leary for the de- fendant. There wero a number of law points argued, the principal being-whethor the Iuilux of Criminals Act applied to political prisoners, and if it did, whether tho Queen's pardon rendered it inoperative in the present instance. A pardon, it was said, wiped away the offonco and all consequences of it, including that roforred to in tho act. To this it was replied that the act mado no dis- tinction between offonders ; the fact of con- viction for a transportable felony was suffi- cient to bring anyone under its provisions ; and as to the pardon, the offenco in this case consisted in the defendant coming into the colony, for which ho had no pardon, tho pardon hebnd received beingantccedont to hisoffence. A novel point was also started on the defend- ant's behalf at the lost moment. Tho Influx of Criminals Provontion Act was passed in November, 1854, and was to continue for a ycoF'from that date, and thonco to the.ond nfcthe next session of Parliament.--'In No ' remuer, 1855, the now Constitution Act was proclaimed, and that act continued all then existing laws which it might be supposed would be ' affected by the . repoal of tho older Constitution Act 13 and 14 Viet. - Tho New Constitution Statute also provided-that the old act should continue in force till tho writs were issued for the now Houses, powor being thus left with the Legislative Council to proceed willi legislation. In tho interval between November, 1S55, whon the Constitu- tion Statute was proclaimed, and Soptembor, 1856, when tho writs for the' Legislativo Council and Legislative Assembly wero issued, a number ot laws wore passed-among others, an act to continue that relating to the influx of criminals. It was contended for Iho defendant that these last-mentioned acts all expired with the session of the Coun- cil in which they were passed, as no pro- vision was made to continue thom after the 13 and 14 Viet., under which they were passed, had expired. It was true that in 1850 an act was passed professing to continue the Influx of Criminals Prevention Act as an expiring law ; but it was not an expiring law ; it was one that had ceased to^exist, and therefore the Act of 1859 was useless. The Court took a day to consider its decision, and on Sep- tember 4 judgment was given against the defendant on all points; tho Influx of Criminals Act applied, it was held, to all offenders convicted in Great Britain of a tiansportable felony, and the Queen's, pardon was issued subject to the restrictions imposed by that act. In regard to the question whether the act was in existence, the,Court was of opinion that the acts passed in the last session of tho old Legislative Council continue beyond the existence of the body that framed them. Kenculy's conviction was therefore confirmed. He has since left the colony, it is understood for South Aus-, tralla. NEW ZEALAND NOTES. Accounts from New Zealand during the last month have been more ro-assuring than those leceived for some time past. The fear of a general rising of the natives, to which the reported alliance of King Tawhaio with the insurgents gave some appearance of tiuth, has almost subsided. The native king has wisely refused to countenance the move- ments of Te Kooti and his rebellious fol- lowers, and ordered them to quit the Waikato country, which they had entered with tho view of threatening the king with deposition if he did not join them. The Waikatos, however, supported their prince, who was therefore enabled to enforce his commands, and Te Kooti has in con- sequence left the territory, though it is said not without first burning the king's house and massacring eighteen of his men. There are opposite stories as to the course pursued byRewi, the king's principal cap- tain and tho war chief in 1804, who rules tho Ngatimaniapoto, the section of the Waikatos which was least broken by General Cameron's campaign. It is reported that Revvi has turned against Tawhaio and tho peaceful policy which he previously countenanced and upheld, and has joined the rebels : but it appeals that the truth is that though he did accompany To Kooti, he merely went to see, him safely out of the district. That a rup-' ture exists between the King and Te Kooti appears extremely likely, and that the dislike is growing would appear probable also from the fact reported by latest tidings from the Thames, to the effect that a well- known Hau- hau chief had arrived at Chinemuri from To kangamutu with a message from the King that "if Te Kooti was found prowling about the Upper Thames or Tauranga districts, he was to be shot at once." At present, To Kooti is keeping very quiet,', and his exact whereabouts is not known. Tho latest ac- count says ho is somewhere about Taupo, and that a paTty of natives opposed to him had gone from Hawkc's Bay to the Taupo district, in order to assist their friends there should ho endeavour to wreak his hatred to "friend lies " on the peacefully disposed and friendly natives. A report from the Waikato states that Te- Kooti has attacked the friendly settle- ments at tho head of the Wanganui River. It also states tbatatWost Kotototairia he killed a number of friondlies, but lost himself thirty men. Te Kooti attributes his loss to the anger of the "Atuo," on account of his at- tempted deception in the Waikato., A man named Dorrington has been committed for trial for supplying natives with arms and ammunition, and the three natives in whose possession they were found have also been committed. This action of tho law has not given satisfaction to the Maori King, who, through his secretary, or Minister, Manu whiri, has written both to Mr.C Ó. Davis, and to Mr. Searancke, magistrate at Waikato, requesting restitution of the ammunition and release oi the prisoners. It was at first re- ported that ho had demanded their instant return to Tokangamutu, and had threatened, in the event of a refusal, to attack the Wai- kato settlers independently of Te Kooti. This proves altogether too highly coloured. His true the King's letter to Mr. Searancke speaks of having “a charge” against that gentleman, hut the matter is very mildly put, and there is no threat apparent. The Government refuse to give up either the urns or tho men. Tho whole of the Waitotara rebels who had not been previously captured had given themselves up to Poma and Toma, at Jerusalem and Kai vvoiroo, up the Wanganui river, and have delivered up over sixty stand of arms,. in- cluding rifles, breech- loaders, and revolvers. They have completely thrown themselves upon the mercy of the Government, and aro prepared to go wherever the Government may direct. They havo no intention of returning to the Woitotaia, but wish to bo distributed amongst the different settlements of the Wanganui natives up the river. They de- nounce Tito Kowaru, one of the insurgent chiefs, as the cause of all their misfortunes, and are prepared to submit to any terms the Government may impose. There aro 'at least threo murderers among them. There has been no fighting of any importance between the colonial troops and the natives since the. prêtent Ministry carno into powor, a fact which the latter attribute to Mr. M'Lean's accession to offico as Native and Defence Minister. This interval of peace or inactivity, and the improved character of the news from Waikato, have caused some mem- bers of the Legislative Assembly to complain that they wero tricked into assonting to the resolution which sent Dr. Featherstone, Superintendent of Wellington, to Melbourne, and obtained from General Chute a reversal of the order for tho immediato embarkation of the 18th Regiment. The colonists of Now Zealand are, however, as a whole, well pleased at the success of Dr. Featherstone's mission, for no one really doubts that the mero presence of the Queen's troops in the colony at the present juncture of affairs exercises considerable influence over the natives, and deters them from proceeding to the extremities they would bo encouraged to do if they conceived that thn Imperial Go- vernment had totally abandoned the colonists to their fate. It had long been the cry of tho disaffected leaders that aftor the soldiers were gone tho pakehas would bo swept into the sea, and the retention of the regiment has helped to silence this oft repeated boast. The Government have carried their proposition to renew the application to Great Britain for further aid, but, instead of asking for 3,000 troops, as originally contem- plated, now that the apprehension of a peneral Maori rising has declined, it is only intended to ask the Imperial authorities for 1,000 men from the British army, to be in colonial pay, and placed under colonial direc- tion for a period not exceeding fivo years, on terms to be agreed upon. It is probable that Mr. Dillon Bell and Dr. Featherstone, both leading colonists and active publie men, will he sent homo as commissioners to treat with tho home Government with rcferenco to the as- sistance solicited. The division which took place upon the resolutions embodying this pro- posal was a comparatively closo ono, but thore is little doubt that the Government will retain their seats through the present session, which is now drawing to a close. During tho debate which took placo on this occasion, Mr. Staf- ford, the lato Premier, and othor gentlemen alluded to the policy of the Imperial Go- vernment towards New Zealand aà^^mch terms that Mr. Vogel, the Colonial ^^^fer, did not hesitate to tell them tU^PÜTcir teeret desire was that the application for assistance should be again refused, and that New Zealand should be forced into the posi- tion of an independent state. Mr. Stafford's words were :-"There is no Imperial Govern- ment. There is a British Government sitting in Downing-street, managing affairs in tho United Kingdom very badly, bul no Imperial Government." Ho used very similar language to this last year, when he was Primo Minister of New Zealand. Nor is ho alono in holding such sentiments. The idea that the Imperial connexion is of no use to the colony, and may ere long prove a burden or hurt to it rather than otherwise, is becoming very prevalent, and this opinion obtains quito as much in the south, which is free from the worst evils of the native wars, as elsewhere AVnilst askiug for troops from England, the Government have determined to re-organise their own little army, and to convert it into (a con- stabulary forco, under the command of Mr. St. John Branigan, late inspector of polico in tho Victorian constabulary. The idea of employing Ghoorkas against the Maories has been abandoned. -The only point of the Government's financial policy which met with serious opposition was the proposal to limit the expenditure for de- fence purposes (exclusivo of what would bo paid for Imperial troop.1-) to £1(50,000 a year. It was felt, however, that circumstances might arise under which moro money would bo required, and that then it would have to be 6pent, whether such a resolution were carried or not. The Treasurer agreeably surprised tho House by stating that there was to bo no deficit, but only a iloating debt of somo £350,000 now existing, which will have to be provided for at some future day. One of tho financial proposals of tho new Treasurer was a protective duty upon cereals, and a lcsolution authorising tho imposition of a duty of Od. por owt. on unmanufactured, and Is. per cwt. on manufactuied cereals, the Governor in Council having power to cease collecting tho duty when the prices are below tho standard rate, and to ro-impose them when above the following scale:-Wheaten ilour, 21s. per cwt. ; wheat, Os. Od. per bushel ; oats, 4s. Od, ; barley, 5s.-was submitted to the House of Assembly, but rejected on a division by twenty-five to twenty-two votes. By this vote the Government lose an esti- mated contribution to the rovonue of £14,000. A feeling in favour of protection is spread- ing, ana will, it is expected, carry the day before long. An abstract of the ti ade and revenue returns ©f the whole of New Zealand for the quarter ended the 30th of June last has just been published, and bhows that tho total value of the imports for that period was £1,273,025, and of the exports £1,088,587. Under the latter head gold ligures for £501,130, and wool for £3S1,213. 'lire revenue for the quarter was £394,337, mid the estimated European population is given as 220,123; the proportion of males to females being as 133 to 87. The question of mail communication with England has been again before Parlia- ment, ltesolulions have been adopted, to the eflect that it is inexpedient to continuo the M cam postal subsidy to tho Peninsular and Oriental Company after the termination of the present contract, and tho Government have been authorised to advertise'for tenders for monthly steam services 'between San Francisco and New Zealand, and in the event of their receiving suitable offers for the per- formance of such service within £20,000 per annum, to close with the offer for a term of three years : in which case tho contribution of New Zealand towards the Suez line will bo discontinued. It is estimated that the cost of the new route will not very greatly exceed the contribution of New Zealand to the Suez con tract, (whilo it will bi ing her within thirty six, and ultimately within thirty-three, days of England. The New Zealand Government are also requested by the colonies of Queens- land and New South Wales to assist in the establishment of a monthly mail via Torres Straits, so arranged as to give, -with the pre- sent Peninsulor and Oriental line, a fort- nightly mail with England. The basis of the proposed treaty is, that tbo terminus should be at Sydney, the New South Wales Govern- ment paying three- sixths of the subsidy, Queensland two-sixths, and New Zealand one-sixth. The contracting Governments will, in the event of this proposal being ac- cepted, cease contributing to the present line, but will bo willing to exchange advan- tages with the southern colonies, giving them tho use of the Torres route for that of the Suez line. The proposal of the New Zealand Govern- ment to re-unite Marlborough, which is in a compai ativcly bankrupt condition, to Nelson, fions which it was separated some clevon years ago, has met with so much opposition, und appears so distasteful to both provinces, that it has been abandoned. They have given notice of a bill to permit of the union of Southland and Otago. A bill has boen passed by the Assemblj', authorising a loan of £50,000 for the province of Otago, the interest and sinking fund tobo paid out of'tho pastoral rents accruing to that province. The money is to bo devoted to useful colonising and reproductivo purposes, bom the execution of which much goodwill lcsult to Otago, the most forward and prac- tical province of New Zealand. £20,0C0 of the loan is to be spent for a dock at Oamaru ; £10,000 for a bridge over the AVaitaki river; £0,000 for Kakanui harbour ; £5,000 for Wai kouati barbour, a gold-field .district ; £5,000 for Clutha river improvements ; and £4,000 for a bridge over the Stag river. Arery exciting news continues to arrive respecting the riches of the Thames gold- field. Many of the accounts would be almost incredible, if they wero not vouched for on good authority. Somo approximate idea of the yield of the Thames may bo ar- rived at by the following returns for the month of July, for only six batteries : Homeward Bound, 8 stampers, 31Goz. : Ku ranui. 28 stampers, 6,700oz. ; nauvaki, 22 stampers, 974oz, ; Prince Alfred, 13 stampers, l,834oz. ; Tramway, 6 stampers, 458oz. ; Vic- toria, 25 stampers, 050oz. ; total, 101 stampers, 10,932oz. Some of the stone in recent crush ings has yielded nearly thirty per. cent, of gold. Some of the rich claims are making íapid fortunes for the shareholders, mauy of whom bought in at insignificant prices. On the other band, enormous sums of monoy have been sunk unproductively, and a spirit of gambling engendered throughout the com- munity. The clebrated Long Drive Claim continues to yield enormously. Four divi- dends, amounting to £15 per scrip, or a total of £18,000, havo been paid in less than two months, and the claim is reported to bo fully equal in appearance to what it was some time ago. It is reported that new amiferous ground has been opened on a river about twenty miles south of AA'est Wanganui, on the AVest Coast. Prospectors at Taranaki have found gold in quartz at tho Kaitake ranges, and a party of miners recently arrived at the Grey Uiver settlement with several hundred ounces of nuggetty gold, which they said they had found about 100 milesfrom the township. Gold-bearing reefs have been discovered near AA'ellington. There are a largo number of diggers on the Coromandel diggings. Some excellent steel has been manufactured from the iron- sand found at Taranaki. It is also very satisfactory to report that coal of good quality has been discovered at Otipiri, in tho province of Southland, and that the extent of the bed is believed to be "almost limitless." It is stated that a small portion of theOtiphi coal and asimilar quan- tity of Newcastle havo been tested in the ciucible, and the opinion appears to bo that the coko from the Southland coal is the best. Mr. Dawson, C.E., is of opinion that when boring is resorted to a bed much superior to that at present tried will be found at greater depth. The locality is at tho western spur of the Hokanuis, and sinking might take place at any spot from four to seven miles distance from Winton. The in- tervening country being very level, would offer few obstacles to the laying of a tram- way, so that when working is once commenced no great difficulties will exist in the way of bringing the coal to port. A slight shock of earthquake was expe- rienced in Christchurch on tho 27th July.' Though distinct, the shock was of very short duration, and is described by those who felt it as a sort of "kick" rather than a shako. A smart shock was felt in Napior on Wednes- day morning, tho 4th August, tho sharpest felt since February, 18G3. No damage re- sulted. The annual report of tho New Zealand Marine and Survey department has just been issued, and will prove an interesting and valuable document to all connected with colonial shipping. The survey of the west coast of the island has shown that the Admi- ralty charts aro soriously inaccurate. A sketch map on the same (half-inch) scale as the charts is published with the report, showing tho errors on that part of the coast frequented hy shipping (Cascade Point to Grey uiver), and giving an accurate outlino of it. Com- modore Lambert having found reason to con- clude that dangerous errors existed in tho Admiralty chaits of various portions of tho north-east coast of the Noith Island, the sur- vey party has mado an examination of tho neighbourhood, which has confirmed his opinion. As some of the inaccuracies thus brought to light affect the safety; of naviga- tion to the now celebrated region of tho Thames, it is well that the utmost publicity should bo given to tho fact of their exist- ence. H.M.S. Challenger has just arrived in Sjdney from New Zealand, and, after re- fitting, will proceed to Melbourne, to await tho arrival of the flying squadron now cn route from Great Britain. Parliament passed a vote of thanks to Commodore Lambart, and the officers of the squadron, for their cordial co- operation and sympathy with the colonists during the present native disturb- ance. A vote of £3,000 has been passed to tbo Hon. Mr. Fitzherbert, in recognition of his services in connexion with the Consolidation of Loans Act. It is reported that-tho moa-tho gigantic bird of New Zealand-has been recently seen alive in the Ruahino Ranges by a party of Germans. \\* . An abstract of the trade' and revonuo re-, turns-of the'whole-of -New Zealand for tho" quarter ended the 30th of Juno lost bas just been published, and shows that the total value of ,the imports for that period was £1,273,025, and of the exports £1,088,587. Under the latter head, gold figures for £561,139, and wool for £381.213. The revenue for. the quarter was £304,337, and the esti- mated European population is given as 220,123 ; the proportion of males to females being as 133 to 87. DIAMOND MINING. From tho various accouuts that come to hand, there is no doubt that tho search for diamonds and other precious stones is being gradually extended, though- chiefly from tho novel ty of the enterprise in this part of the world, and tho need of apparatus of a kind not very common-there is but one-locality, as yet- that in which tho Australian Com- pany aro at work-in which mining for diamonds is being carried on in a systematic manner. At Two-mile Flat, Mudgeo, tho locality referred to, the Australian Co¡npany have obtained 220 diamonds from their mino within the last month by means of a small model machine, and within the last fort- night have got £20 worth of gold in addition. The diamonds are to be forwarded to Eng- land by the present mail, with a view to having their value tested in the rough, and afterwards sold. The object of having them so tested is to enable tho company to put a value on all the small stones they may get. Two large machines lately forwarded from Melbourne were delivered on the ground on Monday last. Mr. Hunt, tho general manager of the com- pany, is about to start for Mudgee with another large machine, pumps, and steam engine; and it is expected that the company will be in full working order in about six weeks. A second company, named the Mudgee Gold and Diamond Mining Company, baa been formed to carry on mining operations at Mudgee. Instructions were given to the direc tois to commence operations as speedily as possible. Wo learn that the whole of the land at Mudgee in which there is any probability of diamonds being found has been taken up under tho mining regulations. Rubies, sap pbiies, and diamonds, more or less perfect in character, havo been found at Burrandong, on the Macquarrie Hiver, a place referred to by the Rev. \V. B. Clarke, in his book on the mineialogical resources of New South Wales, as ono in which diamonds might bo found. One of the sapphires was valued at ten guineas. Precious stones have been found in tho Goulburn district. Diamonds have been found lately near Beechworth, in this colony, uno has been described as being of a palo straw colour, anel weighs about one grain. It was biought into Beechworth by Mr, E. Dunn, jun., foimerly of the Geological Survey de paitment. The name of the exact spot in which it was found is withheld at present by the finder. In another direction, and among some older gold woikings, has also recently been found another diamond, weigh- ing about two and a half grains, of a trans 1 arent yellow colour. In his inineralogical tour, Mr. Dunn has also found at another spot, about sixteen miles from Beechworth, a voiy pretty little ruby, oblong, waterworn, translucent, of rose colour at both ends, but pale and nearly white in the middle. It is stated by a local paper that Dr. Degner, of Newcastle, New South Wales, has a small collection of cuiious stones, picked up in the Namoi district some years ago ; some of them uro rubies and cornelians, and one, about the size of a pigeon's egg, is believed by the pos- sessor to be a veritable diamond. It is de- scribed as sem-itransparent, of a dull grey colour ; its weight out of water was found to be loz. 22gr., and in water its specific weight is 2dr. 22gr. The prospectus has been issued of the Colonial Diamond, Gold, and Tin Company. '1 he object of forming the company is to mine for diamonds, and other precious stones, in gold-bearing districts where thoy are known to exist. Several have been applied for at Young's Creek and the Woolshed Creek, in ihe Ovens district, where diamonds havo already been met with. When the last mail left there was some little excitement as to the supposed discovery of a monster diamond in the New England district. New South Wales, by a Mr. Towns- end. The weight of the stone was given as over seven ounces. It had been safely depo- sited in the Sydney Mint when our August Summary appeared. The excitement about the discovery was prolonged for some days, in consequence of certain difficulties which prevented the stone from being examined and tested after its arrival at the mint. Whon these difficulties were removed, however, and the stone handed over to the Rev. W. B. Clarke, theeminentgeologist, forexamination, it turned out tobemerely apieceofrockcrystal. There aro circumstances connected with tho " monster diamond" which call for mention. It was much talked of from the time its dis- covery was made known at Tamworth, New England district, until all doubts respecting its quality were set at rest, Several persons, in whom the love of speculation seemed strongly developed-one being Mr. J. S. Butters, of this city-conceived the idea of forming a company ior buying the stone while as yet it was lying unexamined at the mint, being detained on account of a claim made hy the Australian Steam Navigation Company for freight at the rate of one- eighth per cent, for carrying it, in the gold escort box, from Newcastle to Sydney. Mr. Butters bought the stone from Townsend, aud Hall (a Sydney jevteller), who appeared to have acquired an interest in it, for £500, on behalf of ten persons, of whom three wero Townsend, Hull, and Butters. Hall and Townsend therefore got £200 a piece for an eight lenth share in the supposed dia- mond. Seven of the ten proprietors agreed to divide their tenth interest into scrip of ten each, and to sell five of each interest at £10 each. There was a great run upon the shares, which soon went up to a premium. The formation of this company and the delay hi the examination of the stone naturally tended to increase the excitement very much. Two or three days after the purchase of tho stone the shareholders got delivery of it from the mint, by satisfying the claim of the A.S.N. Company (£5), and giving the mint authorities an indemnity against all risk, in lieu of one which had been obtained from tho Bank of Now Sonth Wales, who had been entrusted with the stone at Tamworth, aud had forwarded it hy escort to Sydney. The next stage was the application of tests, which proved the diamond to bo a pioco of crystal. A considerable amount of censure has been passed upon the pro- jectors of tho company for engaging in a speculation which was very little better than a mero gambling transaction. The stono is now in Melbourne. Townsend, it would seem, was a tutor on Bendemeer Station, in the New England district, had spent some time in searching for precious stones, and come across a considerable number of different kinds, which were forwarded to Sjdney,. It might havo been supposed that the ex- citement, and consequent disappointment, which arose in connexion with the " monster diamond" would have had an injurious effect upon the enterprise of which we are now seeing the beginning ; but tho result has simply been to render peoplo less inclined to believe in the finding of big diamonds ; the confidence in small ones being as strong a's ever. The Gem Exhibition, which was spoken of a month or so ago, is still kept in mind, but it has been thought advisable not to hurry it on. It is intended to obtain as many specimons from the various localities in the colony as possible. Promises of assistance from tho other colonies have been received by Dr. Bleasdalo, who has a prominent share in the prcpaiations for the exhibition. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. The news from the gold-fields during the past month has been generally of an en- couraging character, and in a few districts the yields havo been unusually good. A rush of considerable promise lias taken place in tho parish of Kirkella, division of Pleasant Creek, caused by the discovery of two rich reefs. No. 1 is called the Germania Reef, and is situated one mile north- westerly from the Bonnie Dundee Company's leased ground. No. 2 is called tho West Germania Reef, and its position is about half a milo further to the north-west than No. 1. There aro about loo miners at work. In both instances the reef was broken into almost on the surface. The greatest depth at present reached is fifteen feet» with stono two feet thick. Both reefs occur in pipeclay. The course of the Ger- mania Beef is about N, 27° Wr. It underlies to the east, and is rather flat. The quartz is white, granular, and tinged with red. The gold is rather coarse. The good old days, when nuggets were turned up on Jim Crow with tho shovel, like potatoes, seem to be reviving. For some time miners in Boots Gully aro said to hare been doing well, and a few days ago they carno upon a prize in tho^shape of a lump weighing sixteen.and a quarter ounces. An- other one of about seven or'eight ounces is understood to have been exhibited, and a third, weighing seven ounces, was brought in fiom Tipperary Point. A splendid nugget, woighing 57oz. 12dwr. has been found in the Hit-or-Miss Gully, at Vaughan, Just about 1Û0 yards from where the laroo nugget that brought between £303 and £400 was discovered about twelve months ago. The sinking' in this gully, which has been so famous from timo to time for ita jiclds of heavy gold, is but shallow, tho hole from which tho find of which we are now making record being but about twenty-fivo feet deep. For years past the residents of Pleasant Cieek have claimed for their locality the title of the richest quartz-reefing district in the colony, and the record of the crushing just finished from tho prospecting claim at Ger- mania Reef, owned by Messrs, Cassuben and Spanglcr, goes far to support the claim. Forty- one ounces twelve pennyweights of gold from eleven tons of quartz and mullock, ob- tained within twenty feet of the surface, was the result. This discovery opens up an en- tirely new tract of country, and it is not at all unlikely that the new find indicates the con- tinuation of the quartz reef lodes to the north- west of Pleasant Creek, and it is hard to say where, they will end in that direction. Tho miners seem now to be on the right track, and it will rest with them to prove by their energy whether the auriferous country will bo tiaced to the Adelaide boundary, or at what point it ceases to exist. It would certainly bo very strango if Pleasant Creek, with its rich quartz and alluvial deposits of gold, were tho terminus of the golden stream, Berlin is still extending. Tho late rush was to Tyler's-bridge, about ono mile S.K., being a continuation of tho same watershed to Sandy Creek. Gladstone's nish, Thomp- son's Gully lush, Simpson's Cieek rush, and Garibaldi rush, are only in cmbyio, for want of miners. Tho alluvial leads of this division appear to be radiating in every direction from the granite hills to the plains. The rcpoits of tho mining suiveyoi-3 and registráis for the quarter ending 30th Juno last,_ which have just been issued by tho Mining department, contain matter deserving of particular attention. As was anticipated, the results of mining operations during the quarter show a- considerable improvement on the preceding three months, although, perhaps, not to the extent that was ex- pected. The miners appear to have been busy, but have not had sufficient timo yet to mako up for tho loss and delay caused by the drought, and it is, there- fore, not surprising to find the yield of gold for the half-year estimated at about lOO.OOOoz. ihort of tho quantity obtained during the first six months of 1868. It must be pointed out, however, that the returns for that year were largest during the first quaiter. and fell off during tho second and third ; whereas in 1809 the tendency is very decidedly upwards. In the yields recorded for tho quarter, the Ballarat alluvial mines, as usual, stand fore- most. The United Band of Hope and Albion obtained lG,687oz. ; the Park, 7,926oz. ; tho Bonshaw, G,938oz. ; the St. George and Band of Hope United, 6,785oz.; and the Koh-i-noor, 4,952oz. Among the quartz returns, the Clunes companies take tho lead, tho New North Clunes Company having obtained 8,288oz. from 7,584 tons of quartz, and tbo Port Phillip Company 5,808oz. fiom 16,815 tons. The Walhalla Company, at Stringer's Creek, got 4,S31oz. from 1,835 tons ; the Hope Company, at AVood's Point, 4,027oz. from 2,500 tons; and the Black Horse Company, at Gordon, 3,318oz. from 2,082 tons. The ave loge yields arc largest from tho quartz mines nearest to Melbourne-St. Andiew's Central Subdivision (which embraces Caledonia, AVarrandytc, &c;), being 3oz, 13dwt. 13gr. per ton ; and next comes Stringer's Creek, with nn average of 2oz, 5dwt. llgr. per ton. Ras ¡¡ell's Creek, with an averago of 2oz. 12dwt. 13gr. per ton, is too unimportant in quantity to servo as comparison. The total number of minors employed on (ho gold-fields on the 30th June last was G9,890, being an increase of 1,899 during tho quarter. AGRICULTURE, AVe have bad an exceedingly dry winter, and but that tho spring has opened with pro- mise of a different character, the prospect would be a poor one for both farmer and stockowner. Up to the present time the crops have not suffered much from want of rain ; but there has been much cold weather of late, and they have made little progress during tho last month, at the commencement of which they were unusually forward for the time of the year ; and, excepting that the early oats and barley have had their topmost Hags a little browned by the frost, they look well yet. Still there is little moistnro in the ground to maintain their growth as the heat increases, and if the subsoil does not get a good soaking shortly, we must needs havo a repetition of the light yields of last year., Scptombar has, however, set in with broken shoiroiy weather, and if this continues through the month, finishing up with a heavy fall of rain at tho time of the equinoctial gales, we shall havo every reason to hope for an abundant harvest. It is now becoming tolerably evident that the yield of tho last was over-estimated by the collectors of agricultural returns, for, although the demand for wheat has been constant, tho supply has remained short, and prices are rising fast. The markets of these colonies have been affected more than once by arrivals of breadstuffs from California and advices of shipments from there, but no change, either up or down, has had tho effect of bringing foiward increased supplies of home-grown wheat, as might bo expected if the farmers had abundance on hand and were merely holding on speculation. The statistics mado it appear that we grew about enough in Vic- toria for our own consumption, but we have been importing steadily, though not largely, from South Australia ever since the com- mencement of tho year, and now, in the ninth month of the twelve, wheat and flour are being sent from Melbourne to theintorior. This is an unmistakable sign of supplies running short, and if shipments do not begin to arrive again soon from San Francisco prices must go up considerably. Tho yield of oats was allowed to be deficient, and notwithstanding largo ai rivals of these from Tasmania and New Zealand, and of maize from New South AVales, feeding grains aro rising steadily in value too. A period of very low prices for grain was anticipated some timo since, but it has not commenced here just yet. The effect of the dry winter has been to render grass very scarco in most districts, and the want of water has compelled many settlers to give up all idea of washing their sheep this year. The late rains have been general and heavy enough to allow of some being saved, bat very much moro must fall to fill up the reser- voirs and water- holes to the ordinary winter level. Shearing has commenced in the warmer parts of this colony, as well as in New South AVales, but will not be general with us until the end of the month or beainning of next. A few loads of the new clip havo arrived in town. In consequence of tho long-continued drought of last summer this will not be very heavy, nor will the staple be generally strong or well grown. The sheep havo not increased veiy much in numbers either, so that wo shall do little this year towards pro- moting? the over- production of wool, las stock is coming forward moro abundantly, and the meat- preserving establishments aro getting by degrees into full work ; but prices aro rather higher still than their managers would bo justified in giving had they not large orders to hand. It was feared that the widely-felt scarcity of grass would have re- duced the supply again, as no donbt it must, havo dono had the rain kept off much longer; but wo may now calculate on the markets being fully supplied for some months to come, more especially as money must bo raised, and wool is of less value comparatively than the carcase just now. Fortunately for tho stockowners, every mail brings us moro flattering accounts of the success of our pre- served meats with the million at home, as without this outlet for a largo proportion of their fat stock, prices would bo little over halt what they aro at present. A few of tlio annual spring shows of stock have been already held with spirit, but at others there has been a falling off in the number of ex- hibits. Wo havo just had the annual show of horses, at which there wero many lately imported first-class Clydesdales oflered for sale, but the supply seems to bo again getting ahead of the demand, as only a few of those offered wero sold, and at prices much loyrai than horses of a similar class fetched las year. Wo aro not to have a general show oi stock in Melbourne this year, as our metro politan society is in a moribund state, Din will not die outright and aUow another to tal« its place. It has a good round sum of monos in hand, and therefore cannot bo easiij foiced aside out of the way, even though ii has not remaining either the spirit or tai desire to make a good use of this. The noan of Agriculture remains in the same úseles condition ; but tho usual grant in aid is ap paiently to bo allowed again this year, am .the national shows are to be hold at Kynctoi and Ballarat. MEAT PRESERVING. The satisfactory intelligence received by the last few mails respecting the disappear- ance of the prejudice once existing against Australian preserved meats as an article of food, has not only led to the formation of several new companies, but has encouraged manufacturers at present in the field to ex- tend their operations. The Melbourne Meat- preserving Company have found it necessary to enlarge their works on the Saltwater River, in order to keep pace with the increased demand for their meats. The extensions are now in course of con- struction, and, when completed, the manufacturing power of tho company will be increased one-half : and whereas they can now turn out about twenty- six tons of racnt a week, when the additions are finished they will be in a position to preserve forty tons in the same period. Since the com- pany re- commcnccd operations in Juno last, they have shipped 300 tons of meat in tins, and not only has the whole met with a ready sale, but the agrnt at .home has considerably oversold the shipments forwarded. Recent advices show that tho retail selling price of tinned meats is 7Ad. per lb., while the best .joints of butchers' meat f jtch lOd. per lb., so that the advantago obtained by the pur- chase of the former is very apparent. The wholesale price of the company's meats is from Od. to OAd. per lb. The stock markets aro very favourable just now to largo buyers. The progress mado by the Victorian Meat preserving Company, of which Mr. R. Cald- well is the managing partner and Mr. jl'Cracken the practical manager, is also very satisfactory. The company have experienced considerable difficulty in overcoming the pre- judice against their meats, owing to the sup jwsition that the process they employed was a new one. Thu process is, however, a vory simple one. The meat (beef and mutton) is preserved in a raw state. The bones, sinews, &c;, are taken out, the meat lightly cured, rolled tip, and packed in casks with refined melted fat. By thus excluding tho air, tho .meat is found to retain all its excel- lence for years. Shipments of meat thus preserved have been made to almost every maiket in the world, and many expe- rienced and intelligent sea captains have .testified BS to its fitness for ship's uso. The Lords of the Admiralty have sanctioned its use for H.M. ships under the command of Commodore Lambert, in the Pacific. The French Government of New Caledonia have ordered largely of the meat for that colony, after a careful trial for twelve months. The tioops in India have used it with much satis- faction. The new settlement in Northern Australia, which is an Indian climate, has been supplied largely with this meat, and it lias there been preferred to the vory excellent -tinned meat with which the settlers are also provided. The process employed by the com- pany is not only a thoroughly economical one, saving everything from the animal, but it «has been proved to be one of the most certain in its results, and though the meat is now heingsold in London at 4Jd. per lb., a fair ?profit is left to the manufacturer and tho 'shipper. Several other companies are pre- paring to commence operations. Mr. A. álorris, who went to England as Mr. Mort's ?agent in connexion with the freezing process, has recently returned, and has brought back with him much valuable information respect- ing the preservation of meat. Several speci- mens of meat preserved by him by different -processes, and under most unfavourable cir- cumstances, in London, ia May last, and since brought out to New South Wales, were tested a few days ago, and pronounced to bo -excellent in almost every particular. THE LABOUK MARKET. The rato of wages during tho past month shows no falling off, although it is perhaps one of the dullest months in the year. The arrivals of second and third class pas- sengers from England havo been large, but all those desiring employment have been able to obtain it without causing any re- duction in the rate of wages. Shearing opera- tion.« have been commenced ia Riverina, and all our surplus bands have been drawn in that direction. In farming but little is doing until the haymaking season arrives. Vic- torian sheep-farmers are only waiting for the weather to take up permanently to commonco shearing. In many districts the rainfall has been so slieht thut it will bo impossible to wash the sheep this year. First-class trades- men are always in demand at a shade over the highest quoted rates Female servants aio still inquired for, and very hard to obtain at quoted rates. The following aro the average rates ¡-Carpenters, !)s. to 10s. per .day ; stonemasons and bricklayers, 10s. do. ; builders' labourers, 7s. do. ; blacksmiths, 10s. to 12s. do. ; moulders, 14s. do. ; shep heids, £26 to £40 per annum; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 do. ; lads for country, 5s. to 10s. per week ; general farm servants, 12s. Cd. to 15s. do. ; ploughmen, 15s. to -20s. do, ; fencers, Is. to 2s. per rod ; grub- bers, 4s. and upwards per rod, or by contract; gaideners, for town, 20s. to 30s, per week with rations ; do., for country, 15s. to 25s. do. ; grooms, for town, 15s. to 258. do.; do., for country, 15s. to 20s. do. ; do., for livery stables, 30s. to 40s. do. ; woodsplitters, 3s. Gd. per ton, and by contract ; brickmakers, 18s. to 20s. per 1,000, with rations; married couples (first class), £70 to £90 per annum ; do. (second class), £-10 to £55 do. ; singlo female servants, for country (good), £35 to £40 per annum ; do., for town, £2G to £30 do. ; d o., for country (second class), £25 to £30 do.; nursemaids, for town, £25 to £30 do.; do., for country, £30 to £35 do. ; men cooks, for hotels, £1 to £4 per week ; female cooks, £40 to £80 per annum ; do., for country, £35 to £40 do. ; housemaids, for the country, £30 io £35 do.; do., for town, £25 to £35 do. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the Government railways for the week ending September 2 show a large increase over the corresponding week ?of last year in all the main sources of revenue, with the exception of tho returns from the .passenger traffic, which show a falling-off of £103 5s. 10d., although 1,750 more passengers travelled in tho last week than in the corre- sponding one of last year. The weekly average shows a considerable increase over that given by last mail. The revenuo derived from the carriage of passengers for the week amounts to" £3,303 4s. lid., as against £3,51610s. 9d. in the corresponding week of last year, showing a deficiency of £103 5s. lOd. The returns from mails, rents, &c.;, amount to £574 2s. Id., against £388 2s. 3d. lost year, showing an in ciease of £18510s. lOd. The return from the cartiuge of parcels is almost tho same for both -periods. 3 he return derived from the car- riage of goods and minerals amounts to £0,075 103. Id., against £4,880 18s. 3d., show- ing an increase over the corresponding week of last year of £1,186 0s. lOd. The returns for the carriage of cattle amount to the sum .of £007 5s. Od., as against £07010s. 9d. of last .year, showing an inereaso in this return over the corresponding week of last year of £236 15s. The total returns for the week amount to £11,202 8s. 7d., as against £9,817 9s. 5d. for lost year, showing the largo increase of £1,354 lös. 2d. for the week. The aggregate returns to date amount to £383,518 Is. lid., as against £305,812 15s. lOd. for the samo period last year. Tho weekly average for thirty-five weeks of the present year is £10,957 I3s. 2d., as against £10,45115s. 10d., showing a weekly increase to date of £505 17s. 4d. The gross revenue from the 1st of January for the fol- lowing years was :-1865, to 7th September, £374,136 5s. ?d. ; 1806, to 0th Septembor, £370.158 14s.; 1807, to 5thSeptember, £351,382 10s. lOd. ; 1808, to 10th September, £370,473 Us. Sd. ; 1809, to 9th September, £394,118 Is. lid. The returns of the Melbourne and Hob son's Bay United Railway Company for the week ending 2ud September show an inereaso in every branch of revenue over the corre- sponding week of last year. The returns ?derived from passenger traffic for the week amounted to £2,603 3s. Id., as against £2,414 12s. Gd. for the same period lost year, showing an increase of £248 10s. 7d. In the carriage of merchandise there is also a large increase, the return for the week being £1,121 63., as .against £832 10s. lid., showing an inereaso of £288 lös. Id. over the corresponding week of last year. The total returns for the week ?amount to £3,700 .8s. 2d., as against £3,201 13s. 2d. last year, showing au increase on tho total receipts for the week of £334 15s. over the same period last year. The aggregate re- turns from the 1st July amount to £23,355 0s. 3d. against £21,140 Os. 7d. last year, show- ing an aggregate increase of £2,215 5s. 8d. The weekly, average to date amounts to £2,554 9s. 7d., as against £2,27012s. 4d., show- ing an increase in the weekly returns for tho year of £277 17s. 3d. SPORTING. . The all-absorbing event of the month in Iho sporting world has been the Randwick .Spring Race Meeting in Sydney, which at- tracted a large number of visitors from all the neighbouring colonies. The days fixed for the racing wero Saturday, tho 4th inst., Thursday, the 9th inst!, and tho'two follow- ing days. The meeting opened with an ex ' cellent attendance, which included His Ex- cellency tho Governor' of New South AVales and suite, and thosport providedcamo quitoup to general expectation. Tho Australian Derby Stakes were won by Mr. O B. Fisher's Charon! with Mr. Forrester's Moselle second, Mr. Leo's Fop third, and Mr. Pearson's Lamp, lighter fourth. Lamplighter was the favourite at starting, being backed at 3 to 1 ; and De- tective, the Fop, and Charon, were next in popular estimation. The Trial Stakes were won by Mr. AA'inch's the Baron ; the Presi- dent's Handicap by Mr. A. Town's Sir Wil- liam ; the Innkeepers' Stake3 by Mr. Leo's Surbiton ; and the Kpsom Handicap by Mr. AVinch's Circassian. Great disappointment was occasioned on the second day of tho meeting by tho withdrawal of Tim Whifller from the Sydney Metropolitan Stakes. The first race on tho iirogramme foil somewhat unexpectedly to Lucy, with Tippler second, and Blondín third. Glencoo added another to his long list of victories in the Ladies' Cup; and the Fenyman colt Lamplighter scored a second win for Alctoria in tho Maiden Plate, Moselle running second. A'ic toria has thus been successful in the prin- cipal weight-for-age races" of tho first two days ; and but for the unfortunate ailment which caused the retirement of Charon, there is every reason to believe that this colony would have gained move than her share of tho honours attached to this meeting. In the Great Metropolitan Stakes Circassian was tho victor, and the Squatters' Stakes woro claimed by Surbiton. Tho results of yester- day's racing will bo found in another column of this issue. On the 28th inst. an athletic sports meet- ing was held on the Collingwood Cricket giound, tho principal attraction being a "ladies'" velocipede race. This event came off in due course, but the spectators who woro attracted by tho novelty of the contest ex- pressed their disgust at the exhibition pretty freely. The annual meeting of tho Melbourne Cricket Club was held on the 4th inst., in the club pavilion. Tbo report was or an unusually favourable character, showing that the debt had been reduced to £23 19s. 4d.-a sum which the events of the coming season would easily clear off. Another All-England Eleven and some first-class English pedestrians are among the probable attractions of the coming season. THE THEATRES. The Theatre Royal was closed on the 28th of last month, for the purpose of undergoing an entire renovation preparatory to the intro- duction of the fresh dramatic talent procured hy Mr. Harwood on his recent visit to Eng- land. The house was re-opened on AVednes day last, with " Blow for Blow," which proved a decided success. Miss Rose Evans made her first appearance in this city the twin sisters Mildred and Alice, and gave evidence of the possession of abilities which will soon make her an established favourite. Mr. Claremont, who played the vindictive clerk Drummond, also created a favourablo impression. Mr. Recce's bur- lesque of "Tho Stranger Stranger Than Ever" introduced another new arrival, Miss Fiances Bentley, but this lady bas not yet displayed any particular merit as a burlesque actress. Herr Bandmann and Miss Milly Palmer who arrived on the 30th ult. by the Somersetshire, and are announced to appear shortly, The Melbourne Philharmonic Society gave their first'operatic performance in the Duke of Edinbuigh Theatre on AVednesday even- ing, and achieved a very gratifying success. Verdi's "Ernnni" was the piece, and tho difficult music of this opera was very credit- ably performed indeed, Miss Staff, as the prima donna, carrying off first honours. A series of musical performances have been given at the Princess's Theatre during tho month by the Carandinis, assisted by Mr. Do Hoga and Mr. Lascelles. AVeston and Hussey'« clever minstrel troupe continue their successful performances at St. George's-hall. One of the events of the month has been a visit from an old theatrical favourite, Mrs. Robert noir, who, after a somewhat length- ened absence from Victoria, carno hero to re- cruit her own dramatic company (in Graham's Town, New Zealand). Mrs. Heir re-appeared at the Theatre Royal, on the boards of which her chief Australian triumphs were achieved. It was not wonder- ful that the expectation of seeing once moro so great a favourite drow a densely crowded audionco, especially in the moro popular portions of the theatre. The play was "Masks and Faces," and when Mrs. Heir made her appearance as Peg AA'offing ton, the house-in old-fashioned parlance lose at her, so enthusiastic was tho applause, so great the pleasure which the ré-union afforded. THE PUBLIC HEALTH. As regards the state of the public health during the past month, there is little unusual to chronicle. Owing to the variable and, at times, extremely severe weather experienced of late, many persons of weakly constitution may doubtless havo suffered, but, as a rule, the health of tho community generally re- mains in its normal condition. Of epidemic there does not appear the slightest trace, while the sanitary arrangements of the city and sunounding suburbs aro now of such a nature that they cannot fail to arrest and materially abate the virulence of any con- tagious disease that may unhappily make its appearance amongst us during the summer months. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS- PITAL. The following is a list of tho deaths that have taken placo in the Melbourne Hospital since our last summary, specifying, as far as is known, the names of tho deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : Allen, Edward, aged 24, native of Ply- mouth, cook ; arrived- in 1867 by the John '[emperley ; died August 28 of phthisis. Brown, Anne, aged 29, native of Liverpool; arrived in 18G5 by the Ocean Empress ; died August 28 of phthisis. Bates, Charles, aged 35, native of Birmingham ; arrived in 1851 by tho Gem : died August 31 of phthisis. Brown, Elizabeth, aged 34, nativo of Edin- burgh ; arrived in 1802 by_ tho Eccrington ; died September 1 of phthisis. Coad, Edward, aged 32, native of Ireland, greengrocer ; arrived in 1852 by the Bloomer; died August 12 of morbus cordis. Cahir, Mary, aged 20, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 18G3 by the Lord Raglan ; died August 19 of phthisis. Carroll, Bridget, aged 34, native of Ireland, domestic; arrived in 1855 by tho Frederick ; died August 20 of abscess of tho kidneys. Dean, Peter, aged 40, native of Cheshire; arrived in 1852 by the Gothenbuig; died August 19th of disease of the brain aud ex- haustion. Donovan, Wm., aged GO ; no fur- ther particulars; died August 24 of pnou monia. Field, Daniel, aged 33, native of London; arrived in 1852 by the James Algobart ; died September 1 of aneurism of the aorta. Gibbons, Eliza, aged 42, native of Ireland : arrived in 1866 by the Robert Lowe ; died September 3 of huunoptysis. - Godsenn, aged 47, native of London ; arrived in 1854 by the Salsette ; died September 3 of icterus. Halliday, Jan.es, aged 53, native of Kent ; arrived in 1850 by the Sussex ; died Septem- ber 7, of phthisis. Lohr, Oscar, aged 44, nativo of Sweden, chief mate of the Scioto ; died September 6, of typhoid fever. Low, Thomas, aged 49, no further particulars ; died August 23, of pneu- monia. M'Neillauco, Hannah, aged 32, native of Ireland ; airived in 1865, by the White Star ; died August 11, of phthisis. M'Ivor, Thomas, aged 52, native of Glasgow, quarryman ; arrived in 1841, by the Thomas Arbuthnot ; died August 16, of morbus cordis. Preston, George, inquest held, no further particulars recorded ; died August 21. Smith, James, aged 50, nativo of Ireland ; arrived 1800, by the Vanguard ; died August 30, of aneurism of the aorta. Sinclair, James, aged 30, nativo of Shetland ; arrived in 1859, by the Suffolk ; died August 20, of pneu- monia. . , _ , Thompson, AVm., aged 70, native of Scot- land ; arrived in 1843, by tho Janet of Hol- loway ; died August 28, of dropsy. AV heeler, John, aged 54, native of York- shire, labourer; arrived 1862, by the Great Britain ; died August 17th, of cancer of the stomach. AVoods, George, aged 30, nativo of London, seaman ; arrived in 1869, by the Kosciusko ; died August 11th, of exhaustion and peritonitis. . , Yates, Mary, aged 40 j native ot Ireland, married ; no further particulars j died August 12tb, of paralysis ana diarrhcea. EXPLORATION IN SEARCH" OF' ' LEICHARDT. An expedition despatched from Perth, Western Australia, in search of the remains of Leichardt,, under the command of Mr. Forrest, in Juno last, returned safely to tho settled districts in the beginning of August, after having traversed a traot of country as spacious as Ireland, and travelled a distance of 2,000 miles. Mr. Forrest says : "The country travelled ovor is the worst I have ever coen; being one vast thicket the whole way, save hero and there a patch of from fifty to 200 acres, with good feed and granite rocks, with water generally in a bolo in tho rocks, but the patch is too small to be of any use for stock; and no permanent water; in the thickets the soil is the poorest, and no grass. "At my furthest point cast, in longitude 123° E. and latitudo 28° 40', there was a change in the appearance of the country. The granite rock, which is almost a certain sign of wator, altogether disappearing, and we had to depend on rainwater in tho gullies, besides which wo had clear open country, with spinifex and large whito gums, the only hugo trees seen since leaving the sottlod districts, but no water, as a specimen of which I quote that during the seven days which Tommy Windich and I wero away from camp, in which time we travelled 200 miles, wc were without water every night, and on ono occasion our horses wera forty eight hours without it, wo ourselves having procured it once during that time." Although no trace of Leichardt has heen discovered, it is not intended to abandon the search. It is proposed, with the permission of the Government of Western Australia, to send Mr. Forrest out again, equipped for asix months' expedition, in March next, and that he should start from the sources of the Murchison in the direction of Carpentaria. NOTES FROM THE SEA. Loss of the BuiG Pbince Edward.-Intel- ligence was received in Melbourne on 11th August of the loss of the brig Prince Edward, 174 tons, off West Cape. The Prince lüdward, with a cargo of coals and palings, and having on board a crew of eight and one passenger, left Newcastle, N.S.W., on the 13th July, for the New Zealand port of Timaru. She mot with very bad weather during the passage, heavy southerly and south-westerly gales and a high sea prevailing until early on tho morning of the 20th July, when the wind shifted into the north-west. The gale commenced at 0 a.m., and at noon raged with hurricane violoncc, and the brig was hove to under close-reefed topsails. At half-past three p.m., a heavy sea struck her, carrying away tho jibboom and bowsprit, and starting tho night-heads and wood-ends for- ward, and straining her very much by the tremendous shock. At one o'clock on the following morning the water had reached the cabin floor, and at nine o'clock it was a foot deep in the cabin-large bodies of wator having been shipped during the night from the sea making continual breaches over the vcs&el.; As the brig began to sink, the captain, crew, and passenger, left her in one of the boats. Some twenty minutes after leaving the brig fell over on her starboard broadside, and, giving two or threo lurches, went down head foremost, West Cape at the time bearing N.E. about seventy miles. Tho crew managed to reach Invercargill, but five wero so ill that they had to be taken to the hospital. Wreck at Kino's Island.-Captain Thomp- son, of the schooner Swallow, which arrived in Melbourno on 15th August, reported that on the 10th August, while passing King's Island, on the passage from Tasmania, he discovered the mast of a wrecked vessel lying about a mile and a half S.S.W. from Sea Elephant Rock. On Hearing the wreck, it was found to be that of a schooner grounded in about ten fathoms of water, with the top- gallant mast and a portion of the topmast above water. Captain Thompson coula find no indication that tho wreck had beouforany length of time in tho water, the mast being free from any waterline. The rigging of the vessel, he also states, was still standing, but no yards or sails could bo seen. The wreck was judged as being that of a vessel of sixty or seventy tons, and it is supposed to be that of the Sarah Barr, which left port several months ago, and has not since been heard of. Accident to the R.M.S. Balclutha.-The steamship Balclutha, employed to carry the South Australian mails for August from Adelaide to King George's Sound, to meet the P. and O. steamer, met with an accident on the voyage to the Sound which very nearly occasioned the loss of the vessel. The Balclutha left Adelaide at seven p.m. on Monday, 10th August, with the mails and a number of passengers, including the Hon. Mr. Weld, tho Governor of Wes- tern Australia, and his lady. At ten o'clock on Tuesday morning tho engines had to be eased on account of the over- heated machinery. When steam was put on again, the after bearings worked harshly and with a great deal of noise. This annoyance grew worse and worse, until at eleven o'clock the engines had to he again stopped. After allowing them an hour to cool, the steamer was turned ahead at noon, and proceeded smoothly for a short distance. Suddenly the propeller declined duty, and would move neither ahead nor astern. Soon afterwards the stern compartment was found full of water, so full that the water splashed up into the saloon. Theman-boloof the screw-tunnel wns fastened down, and doubly secured by placing the captain's iron safe over it. Another attempt was then made to move the en- gines, but the shaft gave way under it, the bulkhead of the stem compartment started, and the adjoining compartmont was rapidly flooded to a depth of four feet. In this crisis immediate efforts were made by Captain Grainger to postpone, if not to pre- vent, the fouridering of the steamer. The ship's company was told off in threo divisions, the first of which went to the pumjiä, the second down below to offor what resistance they could to the inllux of water, and the third to prepare the boats should the worst como to the worst. The Balclutha is an iron built steamer, and consequently not easy to patch up in the event of leakage, and be- sides this, it was impossible to discover the exact locality of the leak. It could bo traced to the dead wood somewhere by tho stern post, and that was the nearest Captain Grainger could fix it. As it could not be leached, the next best thing to do was to attempt to shut off its supposed seat. The water having been checked by stopping up (ho screw-tunnel with blankets, carpets, pillows, mattings, and oven mattresses, the carpenter set about rigging up an orlop deck, with a strong bulkhead in front. This experiment, on which so much depended, was finished in about six hours, and it fulfilled tho most sanguine expectations that could be formed of it. Though not perfectly watertight, it enabled the pumps to clear the main hold, and from this time about eleven o'clock on Tuesday night-the water could be kept under in ordinary wea- ther. The steamer was now bearing E.N.E., about fifty miles from the Borda light. Before midnight she was laid to under main ¡-nil and mizen, and thus terminated the first day of the perilous retreat. Wednesday opened with further promise of fine weather, which was now the last hopo of the Balclutha. At four o'clock in the morning it blow a mo- derate E.N.E. breeze, which afterwards hauled to the north. At nine o'clock a sail was observed to the south-eastward. Signals wero immediately hoisted, and by midday the barque, which turned out to be the Aurífera, from NewcasHo, was within hail- ing distance. Her offer to land _ the mails and passengers at Wallaroo, whither she was bound, having been gladly accepted, their transhipment was completed ni a couple of hours. Capt. Grainger determined to remain on board the Balclutha, and ti y and bring her to port, and happily his efforts were successful. Captain Grain- ger^ reason, or rather his desperate hope, in standing by the ship, was that the light weather of the past two days might continue long enough for him to reach tho shelter of Investigator's Straits. He knew that half an hour of the ordinary weather on the Bight at this season would knock to pieces the orlop deck, which alone prevented tho Balclutha foundering. He must have known also, that thirty or forty miles of a boat voyago in such weather would be very little improvement on the orlop deck. All Wednesday afternoon tho vessel continued drifting slowly to tho south-west, but on Thursday morning, after a two hours' struggle, her head was worn round to E.N.E. All possiblo sail having been set to a light northerly breeze, it drovo her, in about six hours, within sight of Kangaroo Island. At seven p.m. a sudden slant of wind to the westward gave her a good shove towards Inves- tigator's Straits, but this piece of good fortune was short- lived. At ciglit p.m. tho breeze began to die away, and on Friday thora was a return to northerly winds, which baffled hor during the early part of the day. In the afternoon she was able to steer N.N.E., and then Captain Grainger carried on as hard as he could to reach the Straits. At half-past seven ho passed Capo Borda before a heavy westerly gale, in which she made seven miles an hour, to the groat danger of tho orlop deck, "although it*was incurred in escaping from a greater dangor still. About eleven o'clock she reached smooth water, and was able to malee a courso up St. Vincent's Gulf, and next morning arrived at Adelaide. The Aurífera, with the rescued passengers, had meanwhile arrived at AVallaroo. The con- duct of Captain Grainger during the trying juncture through which he had to pass has been the th'emo of general admiration. Chame Against a Captain.-An inquiry was held by the Steam Navigation Board, on the 30th August, into several charges of in- capacity and neglect of duty preforrod by some of tho crew of the barque Dona Anita against Alfred Beart, the master. The charges alleged that on July 9, l8, and 20, when tho captain should have been on deck directing the movements of his crew, ho was below in his cabin, and evinced no desiro to look after the safety of tho ship. One of the seamen, Robert Dawson M'Arthur, said that on July 9, between twelve and four a.m., whilo it was his watch below, he and the rest of the watch were called on deck hy one of the men, who said tho ship was sinking. On going on deck bo found the ship was shiver- ing in the wind. The maintopsail was par- tially rolled up, and tho ship was under close reefed foretopsail, staysail, and whole foresail. Ho saw nono of the officers on deck, but he did not go on the poop. After somo of the men had braced up the maiuyard as close as they could, as no oiders were given, Meyers, one of the seamen, sung out, "Let us clew up the foretopsail," and they went to do it. Two other seamen, however, stated that the second officer was in charge of the deck, but he had gone below io relight the binnacle light. Another seaman stated that on July l8 and 20, when there were heavy gales on, and cargo had to be thrown overboard, the captain was appealed to for instructions but declined to giye any. The board, without calling any witnesses for the defence, at onco decided that the charges made against Captain Beart by the crew had not been sustained. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. Tim mails. The P. and 0. Company's It.M.S.S. Geelong, Captain R. T. Dundas, arrived in the bay on Saturday, the 14th ult., from Sydney, and, after taking on board the Victorian and New Zealand mails for England and the East, shipping her gold and specie, and embarking passengers, left her anchorage at two p.m. on the 15th, and proceeded on her voyage. The P. and O. Company's R.M.S.S. Malta, which so distinguished herself in June last by landing her mails nearly four days beforo con- tract time, has on her present voyage ex. celled oven that notablo performance by de- livering her mails on the 29th ult,, four days and nine hours in advance of the time fixed for that purpose. The Malta, in command of Captain Arthur E. Barlow, and with the Indian and European maila on board, in charge of Lieutenant Bridger, R.N., left Galle at half-past five p.m. on the 10th ult., and arrived at King Georgo's Sound at three a.m. on the 24th ult. On tho passage from Gallo she had S.AV. winds to the pai ollel of lat. 2deg. S., and from thence to lat. 23dcg. S. moderate to strong S.E. trades prevailed. Light head winds and calms wero afterwards experienced to lat. 32° S., and the remainder of the passage to tho Sound was marked by fresh S.AV. and southerly winds. The Malta sailed from the Sound at half-past two p.m. on the 24th ult., passed Cape Otway at two a.m., and arrived at tho Heads at a quarter to nine a.m. on the 29th, She left Queenscliff for tho bay at twenty minutes past ten a.m., and anchored at three o'clock in the afternoon. After leaving tho Sound she had moderate S.AV. winds for tho first day. These, however, giadually veered round on tho following day to a light northerly wind, attended with a heavy S.AAr. swell. Fresh N.AA'. winds were then fallen in with during tho remainder of the voyage, except when off Cape Otway, when they fell light for a little while. An important mail treaty was arranged be- tween the Governments of New South AArales and Queensland during the visit of Mr. Robertson (the Premier of New South AVales) to the latter colony. It was agreed that there should be a monthly mail via Torres Straits, so ananged as to give, with the pre- sent Peninsular and Oriental line, a fort- nightly mail with England-tho basis of the tieaty to be that the terminus should be at Sydney, this Government paying three-sixths of tho subsidy, Queensland two-sixths, and New Zealand one-sixth. The steamer would leccive mails at Capo Moreton, Rockhampton, and Bowen, and there would boa coaling sta- tion at Cape Yoik, supported by Queensland and Sydney ; the Queensland Government to make a telegraph line to the Gulf of Carpen- taria, to connect by cable with Java, and thence with the Indo- European lines. To this latter service tho Sydney Government would grant a subsidy. The contracting Govern- ments would cease contributing to theprcsent line, but would exchange advantages with the southern colonies, giving them tho uso of tho Torres route for that of the Suez line. Reso- lutions embodying these terms will bo sub- mitted to both Parliaments. The nouse of Representatives in New Zea- land has resolved to discontinuo tho subsidy hitherto paid to the postal service via Suez so soon as the present contracts have ex- pired, and to advertise for tenders for a ser- vice by way of San Francisco, tho Pacific Railway, and New York, which would bring them within thiity-sevcn days' post from England. STATE Or TKADE. The past month has been no improvement on its predecessor. The most extreme dulness continues to iule, and any indications of a change, however slight, are hailed with satis- faction, in the hope that a depression so long continued may bo coming to an ond at last. Immediately after tho departure of the steamer with the August mails, business opened out willi better prospects, as many of the leading staples wero then stimulated to activity ; but the advices to hand by the Malta proved of such a nature as to destroy at once tho hopes beginning to be entertained of a speedy termination to an unpleasant stnto of matters, for the shipments advised have been so wry excessive as in a measure to revivo the depression from which many articles of staple produce wero apparently on ihe point of recovering, and which most as uncdly is turning out so detrimental to trade. In Dundee goods much liveliness has been evinced ; close on 500 bales of corusacks changed hands in one week, and a rise of 9d. per dozen was established. AVoolpacks, liko wiso commanded a good deal of notice, and notwithstanding the advance of the season, pome 200 bales wero taken up last week at a slight improvement on last month's rates. Tiansactions'in candles wereleported iii the beginning of tho month to tho extent of 5,000 boxes ; but, influenced by mail advices, nil inquiry died away, and a reduction in prico has had lo be submitted to since. In coffee, the only feature worth referring to is tho arrival of the Stanley ; the market, how- ever, has not been affected either way, the entire cargo having gone direct to a firm in the trade. Breadstuff's have met with in- creased attention ; a rise of £2 per ton has been established on flour and of 9d. per bushel on wheat; tho opinion, moreover, is gaining ground that much highor rates will iule beforo next harvest, unless supplies como forwaid from foreign ports on a much more extensivo scale than they havo hitherto. A very animated business has also been done in feeding grains, and both oats and maize havo risen in value. Oils have mot with at- tention ; 15,000 cases of kerosene were dis- posed of in the first week of the month, but the subsequent sales havo been trilling. The lice market is in a wretched stato. Transac- tions in sugar embrace 127,000 bags of all descriptions, but that is considerably under the average of previous months. Tho ar- rival of the Malta with the July mails in Hobson's Bay on Sunday, the 29th August, more than four days beforo her contract time, was an unexpected surprise. Her dates from London by post wore to 16th July, and by telegram to August 4; from New York we havo files to July 3, from Calcutta to 30th July, from Foo-Chcw to 17th July. Tho exports to A'ictoria from England for the month of Juno amount to £511,145, show- ing a slight decrease on the previous month. Tho decision by the full Court in tho appeal case Hennessy v. White finally set at rest the right unjustly contended for by tho spirit trade here, to attach Hennessy's namo to brandies bottled in the colony, and the prohibition is mado equally applicable whether the brandy so bottled was uondjide originally tbo property of tho Messrs. Hen- nessy or not. Tho failure of Mr. Rawdon Foster Greene, Melbourne, sheop-farmer, was reported on tho 7th inst._ The causes of insolvency aro a largo portion of insolvent's station at Billabong having beon taken up by selectors, by depreciation in the value of wool and station property, and losses o£ stock by reason of Dad seasons. Liabilities, £37,738 13s. lid. ; assets, £10,887 8s. 6d. ; dpficiency, £26,851 5s. 5d. Mr. Moore, official assignee. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. The exchange rate on London, for sixty days' sight bills, has ruled firm at three quarters per cent, premium. Interest on deposits, at twelvemonths, is allowed «at 4¿ per cent., but wo understand that 5 per cent, has been given for special deposits ; 3 per cent, is nUowod on six and four months ; and 2 per cent, on three months' deposits. Discount rates aro steady at 0 and 7 per cent, for bills at three and four months' currency ; for longer periods, 8 per cent continues to bo charged. STOCK AND STATIONS. The Riverine Herald states :-" There havo been symptoms for some days past of a chango in the weather, but as yet wo have had no rain. A large number of shares locally, and in adjacent districts, have been applied for in the Echuca Meat-preserving Company, and there is now very little doubt that the com- pany will be successfully floated at an early elate. Shearing is going on in some of the neighbouring sheds. Operations will not bo commenced at Wharparilla until the middle or latter end of noxt month, the erection of the machinery for sheep washing, which is now progressing, not being expected to bo completed for the next fortnight or three weeks. Wo hear that a goocl many fat sheep arc approaching from various parts of Riverina. Considerable numbeis have lately crossed the Murrum- bidgee, at Hay; also, mobs of cattle and horses. Shearing and wool-vyashing opera- tions commenced about a fortnight ago on the Darling, in tho neighbourhood of Wil- cannia. Great difficulty is apprehended in getting the wool to market this season, in consequence of the low stato of tho river. Fat cattle aro reported to be in de- mand at Yass, and would realise good prices. Buyers of store cattlo aro out in all directions. The demand is great, and suitable stock for fattening would command top rates. Shearing has commenced at Murray Downs, and is well advanced at Bael Bael. The grass on the frontage? on the lower rivor is getting withered, and the water is failing fast on the back blocks. Advices from the Murrum- bidgee state that the growth of the grass has been entirely checked by the want of rain, while tho water is disappearing. Stockowners were beginning to entertain very serious ap- prehensions of a bad season. Shearing is becoming pretty general in the district, and the number of shearers is greater than re- quired. In the Yass district the lambing, which has not longcommenced, is progressing very favourably. On the Macquarie, Bogan, and Castlereagh, the country is reported to be looking well, and the stock in good condition. Cattle stations aro still in demand, and in- creasing in favour, but the inquiries for sheep stations, except of first-class character, aro very few. Advices from the Warwick district, in Queensland, state that in tho south-western portion of tho Downs, the country is looking beautiful, and there is a good spring of young grass. CATTLE IMPOBTED. From a return published in the Government Gazette of 27th August, we learn that during the quaiter ending the 30th of June lost, there were imported into Victoria 6,861 head of cattle, 150,871 sheep, and 330 horses. With the exception of G.32G sheep from South Australia, alltbis stock carne from Now South Wales. THE SQUATTEItS" TETITION. Petitions havo been got up in favour of the squatters' claim to adjustment of rents, &c;, to bo presented to the Assembly and tho Legislative Council. The signatures to the petitions number upwards of 37,000, and have been thus classified ¡-Pastoral tenants, 653 ; faimersand selectors, 4,204 ; miners, 5,014; piofessjonal men, G23 ; merchants, 508 ; tradesmen, 12,001; gentlemen, 700; miscel- laneous, 13,192. In a pamphlet issued simul- taneously with the completion of these docu- ments, the promoters lay great stress upon the equitable right acquired by thirty-three years of beneficial occupation ; and their posi- tion, as occupiers of the public estate (they add) bears a close analogy to that of tho claimants of tenant-right in Ireland. NEW INVENTIONS. Mr. Rasche, CE,, of Collins-street, has taken steps to patent a design for an im pioved constiuction of the portablo vertical steam generator or boiler, whereby a much greater quantity of steam may bo obtained lrom a given quantity of boat than from a veitical generator of the existing construc- tion. By means of the improved construction increased efficiency is obtained-that is, en- fin ged heating surface, and an enlarged grate. The ratio of tho former to tho latter is as l8 or 22½ to 1—i.e., for every square foot of grate surface, an effective heating surface of l8 or 22J square feet is obtained, even whon the vertical sui faces of the plates are set down at half. Mr. Rasche also claims for his invention that by means of it tho danger of explosion will bo considerably lessened, and probably confined to the bursting of a pipe. Generators of the improved description would not only be very strong, but less expensive than those which arc in vogue at present. NEW INDUSTIUES. The establishment of anothor novel in- dustry is foreshadowed in the following para- graph from the Mount Alexander Mail : "Messrs. Thompson and Co., calculating the extra cost to which the colony is put by im- porting starch that might be produced of tho best quality from local flour, made the expe- riment of making starch, and so well did they succeed that they are encouraged to hope that a good industry may be opened up in this direction. They have given tho project due consideration, and as it looks practicable, they ore on the look-out for a skilled person to conduct afactory on their account." " The soil and climate of Gipps Land, " says tho Times, "have long been known us well adapted for the growth of hops and tobacco, and a vory good proof of this fact was presented to us at Stratford. Mr. AViitlemin, who carno out from Switzerland Fomo time ago to cultivate tho white mul bony,, at which ho has had twenty-five years' experience, has about six acres of land taken up under the 42nd clause undor tobacco cul- tivation at the Top Plains. He has handed us a bundle of cigars mado from his own to- bacco of last year's growth. They aro fine flavoured, smoko well, and can bo manufac- tured at £5 per 1,000." The Perth Inquirer strongly recommends Iho cultivation of the castor-oil tree in Western Australia, since the oil prepared bj the newly-discovered process is worth £10 n tun in the English market. Tho same papel contains the following :-" Some jarrah seeds were sent to Dr. Mueller two months ago, with a request that he would stato their value in Melbourne. In reply he reports ' that the value of jarrah (eucalyptus) seeds would be fiom 15s. to 25s. per pound, perhaps moro, when once tho value of this important tree was properly and generally understood. . - . . I believe the demand for it in South Eui ope, Noith and South Africa, and various parts of America, would bo enormous.' " As a proof of the durability of some of oui native timber, tho Belfast Gazette mention! that the formation of the harbour works ha; hi ought to light a piece of blackwood timber, about a foot in diameter, which has beer buried under tho sand for twenty-two years, and which is now perfectly sonnd. It wa! sawn from one of the beams of the schoonei Brothers, which was built on the Moyne ii 1847\. There can be no doubt of the identit] of tho timber, as tho sandbank under whiel it has lain has remained undisturbed foi many years, and no logs of blackwood hav< been used near the spot sinco tho building o tho vessel abovo alluded to. The Geelong Advertiser states that vas quantities of 'possum skins aro being conti nuully forwarded to Molbourno, to bo then mado into muffs, rugs, &c;, or for exporta tion. Thoso intended for colonial use an generally tanned before they leave the snarcr' hand, but those for exportation are sent awa; preen. A small (!) parcel of 460 dozen greoi skins were forwarded to England about a week ago, in compliance with an order ro ceived from a gentleman who went homo b; the last mail, and who anticipates meotini with a ready salo for all that Mr. Priest, win keeps two or threo men employed snaring tin "varmint," can send him. We do not knov the exact prico paid for tho skins, but under stand it ranges between soven and twelv shillings a dozen, according to size am quality. The erection of a cheeso factory on a larc scale at Allensford, near Warrnambool, is being rapidly proceeded with, and is oxpectoi to bo finished by the 1st of October, whoi cheese-making operations will bo commenced There is somo probability of another bein established at Mamba, in Gipps Land. rtJBLIO COMPANIES. . The National Mutual Lifo Association. Tho first general meeting of tho Nations Mutual Lifo Association of Australosi (Limited) was held on tho 20th August-th Hon. G. Rolfo in the chair. The director reported that tho memorandum and article of association had been signed, and congre tulatcd the mombois on the satisfactory coir mencement that had been mado, the numbc of proposals already recoived being near! seventy, for amounts ranging from £100 up to £1,000. Tho report, togcthorwith a tabl of rates of premium, approved of by Pn fessor Wilson, ef the~ Melbourne" University, was adopted, and ordered to bo printed and circulated The Maritime General Credit and Discount Company.-Tho Marítimo Gonoral Credit and Discount Company (Limited) havo notified an issue of additional shares, This company, tormed somo time since to supply monotary facilities to others than thoso assisted by the bank, appears to havo been successful in its operations, and the new issuo is mado to enable the company still further to dovelopo its business. The Merchant Shipping and Underwriters' Association.-At the usual meeting of the committee of the Merchant Shipping and Underwriters' Association, held on 25th ult., nfterdealingwith correspondence from Lloyd's Association, London, and from underwriting companies at Sydney and Adelaide, the com- mittee made arrangements for the examina . tion and supervision of wool-ships loading at this port aud Geelong during the ensuing season. It was resolved that certificates should be issued in all cases -where tho surveyors' reports were favourable ; and that a fee of £3 3s. should be charged for all ships of 1,000 tons and upwards, and £2 2s. for smaller ships. The secretary reported a con- siderable amount of work now in the hands of (he survcyois. The hulls surveyed sinco the 1st March numbered ninety-three, besides îeports on repairs, &o.; PROPOSED SHIP CANAL. The president of tho Chamber of Com- merce has reported to tho chamber that he, with the late president and the score taiy,_ had accompanied tho bon. the Com- missioner of Lands and Survey, on a visit to Sandridge, for the purpose of inspect- ing the land proposed to be reserved for ship canal, &c.; ; that the mayor of Melbourne and town clerk were also present, and Mr. Hodgkinson, tho deputy-commis- sioner of lands, and Mr. AVardell, the in- spector-general of public works. That after going over the ground, Mr. Grant was do cidedly favourable to tho reservation of tho land as requested by tho chamber, and that Mr. Hodgkinson had promised to furnish tho chamber with a sketch of the proposed reser- vation, which was to include land for a ship channel 300ft, wide, and ten chains on each sido of it. TELEaHAPHIC COMMUNICATION. The secretary of the Charabor of Commorco has laid befoie the committeo additional information íeceived on the subject of. telegraphic communication with Europo, und stated that an application had just been submitted to the Governments of South Australia, Victoria, and Now South AVales, for a subsidy of 0 per cent, on a capital of £380,000, that is to say, £22,800 per annum, of which Victoria and South AustialiG were asked to pay each 2 Oths, and New South Wales and AVest Australia each 1-Oth. Tho company intended to bo foimed on such subsidy to continue tho lines fiom Adelaide to the north-west coast of Aus- tralia by land, and thonce by cable to tho west end of Java, to which point English capitalists proposed to bring the lines. Go- vernor Weld had given in his approval of the scheme, and had promised it his utmost support. The South Australian papers publish a scheme of telegraphic communication be- tween the north and south of Australia, com- prising a choice of routes. One would pro- ceed from Port Augusta to Lake Hope, thence to Cooper's Creek, and so on to the Standish Range, and thence to Burke town. The other would pass via AVentworth to Menindio, Mount Mmchison, and tho Barcoo up tho Thomson to tho Gulf. By tho second of theso lontes, AVentworth would be made a gonoral tei minus for Victoria, Now South AVales, and South Australia. PROGRESS AT FIJI. Despatches from Fiji Islands havo been re- ceived, dated the 24th and 30th of July last. Mr. Cook announces that ho has receivod the deeds of conveyance for Suva and Bonga. Flora the latter bo anticipates a rovenue of £2,000, on account of cocoanut oil. Mr. Pinner (tho secretary of the company) informs us that as tho British Govern- ment havo definitely refused the annexa- tion of tho islands, that a petition was being extensively signed to the American Government to grant tho settlers there (who. he observes, aro mostly British subjects) the permanent protection of the flag of the United States, under their own system of self-government, and ho further observes that King Thakombau does not want to cut the painter with America at all. He also states that the negotiations ho has completed with the native authorities and the American consul havo been eminently successful, in- asmuch as they have resulted in securing to the Polynesia Company the whole of Suva Hai hour, which port is destined to become the great commercial omporium of tho is- lands. IMMIGRATION HETUHNS. From tho immigration returns for the month of July, we observo that during that period there arrived in the colony by soa 2.00S persons, and departed from it 1,224, leaving a balanco in favour of the colony of 784\. From the 1st of January to tho 17th of July, 1809, there wero sent for from tho United Kingdom, under tho Assisted Iinmi giarion Regulations, 2,619 persons. Of theso, 3.15G were English, 283 Scotch, and 1,180 Irish. NKW ZEALAND TKADE ANO Itr.Vr.NUE UMUllttS. An abstract of the trade and revonuo ro- tin ns of tho whole of Now Zealand for tho quarter ended the 30th of Juno last has just been published, and shows that tho total value of tho imports for that period was £1,273,025, and of the exports £1,088,5S7. Under tho latter head gold figures for £561,139, and wool for £381,213. The lovonuo for the quarter was £391,337, and tho esti- mated European population is given as 220,123 ; tho proportion of males to females being as 133 to 87. ISU'OItTS and rxroiiTS. The following table gives the imports and exports since the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1808 : Week ending Imports. Jon. 2.. Jan. 9.. Jan. 10.. Jim. 28.. .Inn. SO.. Fob. 0.. Keb. 13.. Feb. 20.. Feb. 27.. Mar. 0.. Mar. 13.. Mar. 20.. Mar. 27.. April 3.. April IO.. April 17.. April 21.. liny 1.. May 8.. May 15.. May 22.. Slay 20.. June 5.. Juno 12.. Juno 19.. Juno 20.. July 3.. July IO.. July 17.. July 24,. July 31.. Aug. 7.. Aug. 14.. Aug. 21.. Auk. 23.. Eopt. 4.. 1809. 212,880 280,520 248,100 242,001 321,700 807,836 222,071 810,810 212,403 170,813 169,160 103,020 220,858 101,793 201,030 133,801 237,736 143,061 200,808 213,100 201,727 170,920 162,804 141,050 96,011 20-1,006 3D7.012 332,444 213,867 351,778 240,300 211,807 818,542 256,024 218,303 271,061 8,230,480 £ 208,228 863,066 840,004 410,703 317,132 800,507 253,442 227,020 216,011 200,605 170,607 190,007 160,660 172,201 180,657 217,551 127,800 200,316 178,047 142,800 241,113 807,408 205,460 201,415 107,770 283,828 178,120 400,721 205,810 303,050 237,080 382 2?5 271,210 182,513 190,200 404,405 Exports. 183,577 414,009 403,509 213,774 800,773 631,002 877,252 73,083 487.000 403,309 631,725 272,703 228,553 254.0S0 84,423 142.092 235,011 488,640 39,783 145,171 418,070 105,877 84,830 132.716 407,220 201,121 70.956 170,091 470,802 87,228 183,003 205,232 202.036 125,300 295,780 52,681 9,173,092 | 9,300,649 207,700 000,200 247,180 413,410 73 509 301,017 323,043 842,872 160,141 815,180 231 039 77,487 220,040 170,330 105,005 118,155 618,637 75,699 211440 38,112 474,120 135,161 07,808 122 764 535,037 130,591 42,871 88,360 599,232 133,188 23,722 130,978 611,010 101,028 87,704 111,128 8,181,337 During tho first period tho account stood thus : Importa .£8,230,480 Exportó . 9,300,540 Balanco ol exports oyor imports £1,127,003 During tho second period : Imports .£9,173,092 Exports .8,181,887 Bataneo of imports over exports £992,305 Comparing the above poriods with each other, tho ícsults are as under : Imports In 1808 .£3,230,480 Importa In 1809 .9,173,092, Incrcaso In 1809.£931,200 Exportó In 1808 .£0,360,510 Exporta in I860 .8,181,337 Decrease In 18C9 ... £1,185,102 STOCKS IN nONU. The following woro tho stocks in bond at Melbourno on the 4th Soptembor ¡-Brandy, G.477J hhd., 35,800 casos; rum, 1,1301 hhd., 140 cases ; geneva, 130A hhd., 09,293 cases red, 2,907 do. green ; whiskey, l,0G7è hhd., 2,407 cases ; gin (sweotencd), 34 hhd.. 5,702 cases ; cordials, 700 cases ; spirits of wino, 70 hhd. : other spirits, 5K hhd., 4,407 cases ; wine, 5,184} hhd., 10,918 cases; beor, 1,8381 hhd., 23,231 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufac- tured), 1,250 half-tierces, 642 quarter tierces, 8,383 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 8,385 casos ; do. (unmanufactured), 297 hhd, and casks, 473 cases, 1,886 bales ; cigars, 587J cases; candles, 209 chests, 32,134 boxes ; kerosene,» 84.541 eases ;' flour, 8,405 bogs ; cocoa and chocolate, 260 cases ; tea, 15,074 chests.' 28,341 half-ohesta, 23,300 boxes ; coffee, 5,143 bags, 52 tierces, 482 casks, 200barrels; chicory, 60-1 cases ; sugar Mauritius, 20.05S bags;' Manilla, 39,324 boga : Java, 8,804 bags ; other, 024 tons, 429 cases and casks; wheat, 1,950 bags; opium (prepared), 27 packages ; oats, 2,200 boss ; hops, 1,968 pockets ; rice, 140,047 bags, 38 barrels ; salt, 7,352 bags ; vinegar, 089 cases, 259 casks. MELBOURNE MONTHLY WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Ofllco, Friday Evening. In tho Import markst« business lias ovlncod lit tis activity during tho month just cloaod. Though tho general tono of trado rctnalnod unchanged, yet a. slightly Improved fooling was manifested Immodlatoly after tlio departure of tlio mall Bteamor, which lod to advanced ratea being obtained on many staplo articles. This Improvement was not, howover, sustalnod be- yond tho arrival of tho Mcüsj^onsiderablo doprosslon, having tinco ruled. Boors of all sorts havo bonn heavy and Milo notlood. Cornsacks and woolpacks havo boon very active. Candles at ono timo showed animation, but at tho prosont moment aro neglected. CementB aro Btoady. In chemicals thoro hu boen little doing. Coffee has not been much dealt in. In cordage advanced rates aro attempted to bo estab- lished. Fish has not beon much wnnlod, nor havo fruits mot with much inquiry. In brcadstulta, and. likewiso foedlng grain, a largo trado has beon done, and prices have considerably Improved, Masting powder Is less firm. Hop«, as woll aa malt, havo boen, difficult of solo ; the prices realised show a loss to impoitcrs. Metals have not altered much. In olia we note abettor feeling towards keroseno. Ollmon's stores havo boon done at bollor ratea. Provisions aro fairly activo. Rico is extremely dull. Lowor prices aro looked tor In salt. Sugars have not beon dovlt la to any great extent. Teas havo also beon qulot, Trans- actions In timber, as a rulo, havo boon trilling. Thoro ha« bec» no special movemout in tobacooos. Tho ut- most dulnoes has prevailed In liquids, lu wines oswell as spirits. Alo and Stout.-Tho utmost depression continuos to provatl In tlio market, and only sales of comparatively trifling lots can bo mado for trado purposos, while only ono or two of tho favourlto brands can bo quit tod at all. Joule's continues to find buyers at £8 (¡j. ; Har rian'-i has been passed off at £8 ; for tho Carlisle Com path's wo quoto £8, but nothing Uko parcela can bo (rot rid of at tho quotation. Wo hear of a Hue of fifty hlicR of Doss's having boon qulttod at £3. Bulk btout is difficult to move ; so vory little fills up buyer», that to-day It may bo scarce, and to-morrow the arrival of 100 hilda, may rnako tho arllclo unsaloablo. Whlt brcad's baa boon quitted at £6 15*. to £017s. Gd. Field's Is like« lso offering at similar figures. Si vine; tho finer descriptions, bottled nies havo mot with little Inquiry, a provalouco of cold woathor having effectually checked any tendency towards a movomont in tho arllclo. Sales ot Tonnont's hare boon re- ported at 10j. Doveulsli'fl has also found buyors at 10s. Fostor's bring 10s. For Blood's wo quoto Os Cd. Allsopp's Is hold for Ds. Oil. Arrol's has boon sold at Os., but to Ret rid of parcels a concession on that prico v ould not bs refused. Ji (Troy's is nominal at 8s, Gd. ; sales havo boon mado at less money. Attkou's is valued at 8s. Od. Bottled stouts havo boon in fair re- quest, so many shipments having for some timo past arrived in condition scarcely up to tho murk. Uurko's Is salcablo at 10s. Kdmond'a pig brand has boen barely supplied of lato ; 10s. can bo obtained. II. White and Co.'« maintains a rango of quotations from Oj. Od. to 10s. Sales of Machen'» havo been mado this month at Op. 6d. for ordinary bottlos, and at up to 10a. hi cham- pagne bottles. Ono or two sales of damaged parcels of tills brand have beon reported at a low figure. Blnrd'n has beon disposed of to a fair extent at 0s. Gd. Of Mncklo and Gladstone's wo havo not hoard of any sales. Quotations are quito nominal. Borthwick'« lias been quitted in parcols at Ss. Gd. to 8s, Od. Byass if offering at 8s. Gd. vvlthuut meeting a reidy Bale. Shipments of I'ortor's now bottling havo boon coming to hand, and at Unit appeared to tako, but at present cannot bo quilted almost at any price ; offers as low as 7s. 3d havo boon mado for some shipments. Scotch brands of porter aro quitted at Ss. to 8s, 3d. Bagging-The improved demand notod last month an sprlngliig up in cornsacks han been maintained tin ougliout the present. In addition to tlio ordinary ii quiry for trade purposes, COO baton, or thereabouts, havo boon taken up to bold, and prices havo hoon run up to 12s. Od., at which our quotation now stands, mid will likely romain so until at least tho arrival of tho noxt mall. Woolpacks havo also boen favourably influenced by mail advices reporting an advance in the homo markets. Notwithstanding that bo heavy a bbipnientas advised for July wai somowhat unex- pected, and appears rather out of placo at tho closa of the scacon, about 250 bales wore cleared oil during the last fortnight at a slight improvement on tho lowest point touched last month, and n stand Ia being mado, In tho hope of realising 3s. Cd- to 8s. Od. for tho future. There is no business to report In gunnies; wo quote 7s. 3d. Hoots and Shoes.-A fair business has boen dono in these goods, chiefly by puhllo auction. On tho 10th ult., 167 trunks woro quitted at currentratosIn mode- rato trade lots On the 17th. 756 pnckagoit woro sold at IBs. to 80s. per dozen for children's various ; women's cashmore elastic sidos, 3s. Od. to 5s. Od, por pair; ladies' kid do., Gs. Gd, to 8i. Od ; boys' and youella", fs 7d. te 0s. lid.; inon's clastic sides, 89. Cd. to 32s Cd.; Wellingtons. 10s. Cd. to 13s. Od. por pair. On tlio 7th (this week) lust., 1D7 packages Stoad and Simpson's goods wero disposed of at prices which "indicated a depressed market." Yesterday an ex- tensivo salo was hold under instructions from tho importo*, Mr. S. D. Tallorman. 710 paekago* woro disposed of at tho following rates : - Ohlldron's strap shoes, from Ids. por dozen; do., fancy el ni tie sides, from 21s. por dozen; girls' black and coloured coshtnoro, from 2a. lOd. to 3a. Od. per pair ; gills' kid elastic, 4s. to is. Od. par pair; women's cashmere, black and coloured, 2s. Gd. to (ii. 3d. ; wominVkld elastic, 5s to Da. Gd. ; boys'abd youths" low up, 8s. Od. to 4s. 8d. ; boj'B' and jouths' olostlo s'des, 4«. 0d. to Gs. Od per pair; mon's olaitlo Bides, G-. to 12s, Od. per pair ; men's superior oalf vvolliug tnnn, Us. to 15s. Gd. Thoro was a largo attendance of tho trado, both wholesale and rotall. Candles.-Immediately nitor tho doparturo of tho last month's Btcamcr, a speculative Inquiry Bot in, which carried off nome five thousand boxes of various brands-DoRoubaix, Brandon's, and Goudas; and prices firmed to such an oxtont as to mako it appear probablo Hint lOJd. for best brands was tobocomoanestablished Ilcnro; the domand, lionevor, subsequently slackened off, and since tho mall's arrival, advising shipments for ono month to the cnoimous oxtont of 131 tons, tho utmost depression has been allowed to supervino. To force sales, lOd. is the most that could bo obtained for found parcols, vvhllo under tho hammor, par co'B wero quitted at OJcI. to Og 1. Thoro has bien nothing doing privately this vvcok, but the Eubllo sala on the 7th Instant was Indloatlvo of a ett or feeling. About a thousand boxes woro got rid of at lojd. for Do B. O. sound, and at 0¡¡d for slightly faulty. Cement.-Portland hos|bcon vory stoady, and with- out much fluctuation. Best brands havo beon disposed of at 17s. Od , vvhllo outside brands havo ruled at from lf>< Od. to 10s. Gd., sales being reported at Intervening figure», according to brand- ono shipment was clearod off ni 159. Od. Shipments of American plaster having; censed to arrive, prices havo stiffened slightly. Quo- tations havo stood at 13s. Od., but wo know of in- stances »bore that rate was offered and rofumd. Chemicals and Drugs.-Thoro has boon no move- ment w hatovor. Soda crystals havo boon firmly held at £8, but as buyors havo not folt inclined to go over £7 IDs., no sales have como under our notice of late. Carbonato of soda lias beon sold as low as £15 and £15 10s. Causllo soda has beon moved off at £17 10s.; little businoss, liovvovor, has transpired, oven, at this low llgure. For flowoisol sulphur wo quoto 20s. to 21s. Tartarlc acid for trado purpesos Is valued at Is. 5Jd. to Is. 7d., according to package. Cream of tartar has been told at lljd. ; wo quoto from 12d. to Ud. for cask ai.d jara rospoctlvoly. Prepared opium has recently root with moro favour, and salos havo been making with soma freedom at 20s. 3d. to 20*. Q'l. Sultputio was cold at 85s., and luinn alum at 13». Holloways pills realised 10s. -lid., Cooklo's pills 10s. (id., mid Stocdman's powders 10s 4Jd. Chicory hat been In modoratô request for trado requirements, at2Jd. to2Jd. for boot brands In bond. Colonial-grown Is quito superseding tlio Imported nrtlolo, which can only bo bought for export; duty paid, wo quoto 5d. to 5Jd, » Coffeo,-Wo note an extromoly qulot market. Salos can only bo miulo in small parcols to salt trade re- quirement!), and only tho fluor descriptions of Ceylon can bo got lid of, inferior sorts of all gradna ato quita unsaleable Tho arrival ottho Stanloy,fromColombo, in tho beginning of tho mall month, with a cargo consuming chiefly of plantation, had little Inlluonco on the mnrkot, tnatmuch as the entire shipment wont direct to a firm in tho trado. Our quotations aro plantation, OJd. to OJd. ; OJd. to 7Jd. Is wanted for good to lino samples of Java ; for nativo Ceylon wo quoto OJd, Thcso quotations aro only for small lots. What could be obtained for large paroelB It Is diffi- cult lo say, cortalnly not within ¡hi. at loast of tho rates named. Coiifcotlonory has not boon much doalt In. Values moy bo quoted a trillo oaslor. Keillor's »93 or tod l.av o been soldd at Ogd. for Botuo descriptions, and lOd. peril), for othoT. Wothorspoon's aro quoted at Did. (JI candied peel, asaortod, sales are roportod at lyjd. Jujubos rcnllso 14Jd, Cordogii.-There was some activity evinced at one time In this market, owing to a deslro on tlio part of the tindo to get Into stock previous to nu advanco In prices, contemplated by tlio manufacturers and noces Mtated by tlio high rate quoted for hemp 111 tho foroign markets, butsinco tliatgrcatdulness liasoxlstod, little or no business having yet boen transaotod at the higher rates requlrod. Half to thrcoqimrtor inoh cordago is quoted at 8Jd., «hilo assortments of ono to four and a halt Inoh Bltos are held for £03, and flat ropo is quitted at £78. Thora is nothing roportod as being dono In Europo tarred ropo. Soamtng twines aro moved off at 13d. to 18hi. Fish has Bliown vory little animation. Ling Is stoady at Ghi., but wo hear of no salos. White liorrlnsrs, In half-barrels, maintain a nominal quotation, as, o wine to tho vory high prico (34s.) required by im- porters, purchasers cannot bo in ducod to oporato. lib. horrlncs realise Gs. Od. to 7s. Bod berringa, In tins, oro quilted at 24s. tb 20s, > For lib, salmon wo quote 14s. Gd, to 14s. Od.1 8ardtooa havo boen lioglooted. Halves aro disposed of at'8i! Od., and small lota of quar- ters aro got rid of occasionally atas. Od, to 4s. lOJd.' lib. lobBtcrs aro quoted at 7s.'to"7*i4|d.',.aqd lib. ojBlors havo declined to 7b, Od. to 8tw -f. ,'.',.<"' ,. ,, Fruits havo mot with 'no special htturlüoW.crürini. tho month, and tranactlons.ln consequerÄffkaVo not* been ol much account., Currants have hty'tfjûovod on' at from 8d. for interior to Bid, "for gooa>BÍroplo>,' while 3Jd. has boon vVanton forJoost^qualltlMMtalslagj1 have been" --.-.-? Valencias. froni8d. te ... .. from timo to timo at'7d, Advices from the Capo to 4th, Juno report that á small sohoondr, tho Liffey, was on tho hcitli for Molbounio ; hcrvloadlng would consist, of corgo. Figs aro quoted, j§t oj4S«o 7a. /»Hoff apples oro valued at OJd. ; /nchdaïuaïuT Ir/^fow^vi'r, experienced. , , ' ' * ?(!'> "a V. " Flour and araln.-InmiodIatrfi'«J^fc,(he departure of last month's BteamoradocidocM/lbnWartontyecamo manifested In tho market for breadsniffr, and h tinued so throughout tho month, though tho tuslnos» dono has been very much circumscribed,-,by the pauelty of -.supplies, yhlck have really boon on a mott moderate Bcaloy mid- dotorrod speculators, in 'many casos,'-from operating in cohsemionco of the difficulty ot getting hold ot parcols,sufficiently largo to afford an inducement to speculate, and stocks have not been allowed to go outside the trade. The chief sales reported beyond the ordiuary demand for trade purposes transpired last week, when about 500 tons of flour, were taken up to hold. Notwithstanding this, _ ,an advance of fully £2 por ton over our quotations of. last month has been established without causing tho ' slightest excitement in tho markot; and tho month, closes with quotations of V'Ctorlan, country brands, at '. £15 to £16 10«., while for best town-mado flour £18 is required. £16 was offered and rofused for a shlp i'xocot ol 76 tons ot Californian flour, per Ash- burton ; tho parcel was subsequently sold at £15 6s. Wheat has, in like manner, advanced from 6s. 3d. to 7s. for Adelaide, to 6s. 9d. to 6s. 10d. for Port MacDonnell, and to 6s. 3d. to 6s. 4d. for Tasmanian. Supplies of Victorian appear to have becomo exhausted; fewornoeales of that descrip- tion have como under our notico, with the oxcoptton 'of small lots of Gipps Land, which were cleared off at prices rhing to 0s. fid. Advices from California roach to 3rd Juno, and thoy report the barque Sarita as loading for tho colonies. Tho Ashburton, which arrived hero about a fortnight ago, brought a mull parcel ol Sour, and about 20,000 bushels of oa s ; extremo prices have been offered privately for tho ' latter, but the importers h&vo; prelorrod soiling by publio auction in'-toad. Accordingly, the cargo was offered yesterday, and tho entire Bhlpinont, amounting to 30,000 buslids, waa cloared off at 4s. 7d. Through- out tho month feeding grains havo beim much wanted, and all tho oats that havo come forward havo mot with a speedy cale at advancing rates, and the markot »tanda as we wrlto with buyors at 4s. Od. to < 4s. 7d., and Is. Od. is now asked, hut, with tho excep- tion of tho parcel referred to, almost tho wholo of tho stock held is In tho bands of tho trado. Maizo having been in bettor Bupply, a larger business has in conse- quence not only beon done, Dut the advanco lu price has boen of a moro marked character ; ovory cargi) to hand ha? been cleared off as It carno forward, ami of ' lato tbo trado, fearing afurthor rue, havo boonosgor to get Into stock by purchasing to »rrivo, and pricos havo been dtivon up to 4s. Od., at which not only siles on tho spot aro now made, but ono cargo alloat was . takon up. Bran, after declining considorably, al vanced again to 1s. 6½d. Town made oatmeal can be purchased at £22, a rate scarcely authorised by the prices now paid for oat9, but supplies from Now Zia laml havo kept the markot very low. Split poa» havo \- been quitted at 23s., and poarl barley has boon sold at ' £27 to £20. Gunpowder,-Blasting powdor is not quito so firm, tho tendency of advices being rather to depress values. As a rule, then, prices must bo quotod slightly lower. Tho scarcity of Hall's, of which stocks aro almost entirely out of first hands, onables 8(1. to bo obtained * for that brand. Wo cannot, ho«ovor, quoto over OJd. for Karnoo, pililo outside brands figure at CJ. todjil. '? Attention lias boon called to tho superiority of Ourtls and Harvey's manufacturo, as proved by the testa of tho Government Special Comroittoo on Brooch-loading Arms in England, reported in the "Army and Navy Gazette" of the 29th May. Hops have commanded little attention. Home advices have certainly been of a favourable nature, and ought, in ordinary circumstances, to have stimu- lated the market to greater activity, but the heavy Btocks, and tho fact of Ibis being the howlit of the dull season, lui o combined to depress the markot for all descriptions except uno Kents, which aro still wanted, and realise up to Is. Od : medium aro difficult of salo at Is. 3d. to la. -Id., good hops are quotod at Is. to Is. 2d., while Inferior do not bring ovor lOd. to le. Tasmanian rango at from la. 2d to Is. Gd. Halt has not been much notlcod ; values havo boen attempted to be maintained at 0i, 3d. to Os. Gd., hut only small pateéis can bo quitted at theso quotations ; to get rid of largo pareóla, less monoy has to bo accepted. Metals have been characterised by very little anima- tion. Pig iron has been quoted at £6 for trade parcels. In galvanised iron we note a considerable decline ; at the reduced rates there has been more inquiry. Sales of Scotch make, 20 gauge, have been made at £21 to £25 ; English, ordinary brands, have found buyers at £25 to £20. By auction, a largo pared of Gospel Oak was quitted at £20 10s. to £27 15s, same gauge, while Braby's »as placod at same timo at £25 5s. to £27. On ' bar and red Iron wo have no chango to report ; quota- tions range nt from £9 to £1010s. For sheet iron a good demand has boon experienced; sales havo beon of assortments of Nos. 8 to l8 at £12, while ship- ments of Nos. 20 to 20, ossortod, have realised £15. Boiler plates havo beon In good roquest at Erices ranging from £12 to £12 15s. Hoopiron as not yet como into notico, but tho wool season will slowly be on, quotations stand at £12 'Fencing wiro has boon moved off pretty frooly at £10, £17, £18, and £10 for Nos. 0, 7,8, and 9. Lead.-Shot is Bleady at £80. Thoro is no inquiry, nor is tlioro ? likely to bo now for some time. Rolled load com- mands £20 10s. Tin plates havo met With moro atten- tion during tho last few weeks, and parcels to the extent of 1,600 boxes havo met with purchasers at a price averaging 16 por cent, advanco. Muntz motal is dull nt 8jjd. Sales of Ewbank'» nails aro reported atl7Jd to 20 per cent, advanco on invoice. Anic ?rican nails havo droppodoutof notico-wo havo had no eales to report for como timo past ; quotations rule at from 18s, to 10). American hardware ia In good supply. Collins'« and Sharpo'e hcivy axes havo boon quitted at 74'. Cblitns's heavy picks are nominal nt 60s. Amo'a shovels have beon sold at 03s. Day's D II, Shovels, 341n. to 30ln., are in fair requost at 531. 'Other makers, samo size, command 51s. Gd. We nota sales of hollowaroat twenty-live por cone, off list. Oils.-Speculative attontion was directed towards kerosene oil in the beginning of tho month, and very considerable parcols changed hands, amounting to 15,000 cases in the aggregate, at from 1b. 10}d. to Is. lljd. for Cozzon'i, Oriontal, and 'Devoe'a, and l8. Od. up to 2s. Id. for Downer's ; theso Bales induced holdors subsequently to ask highor ratos, ' and accordingly 2s, has boon required for Dovoe's and 2s. Id. for Downer's. This courso, however, has h id the effect of checking rales, as no business has trau Bplrcd in tho markot Binco tbo sales reforrod to. Our advices from Now ïork reach to 3rd July. Tho clearances during tho month consistod of six vessels for tho colonies. Tlio Euorgy, from Now YoTk to Holbourne, had 3,000 casos; tho Tfarvoster, from Boston to Molboumo, brings 6,200 casos oil ; 3,000 cases go to Adolaldo from Kow York by tho Evniioll, and 1,760 cases from Boston by tho In- verary. Tho L. Bishop takes 800 cases oil from Now York to Sydnoy. Thore woro four vessels loading at Now York mid two at Boston for Molbourno a'id Sydnoy. Castor oil is moving off at 4s. 9d. ; stocks aro not heavy, and it is expected that the market will bo quite baro wlion tho Aboukir arrivoä. Tho Wol- verine, on tho borth at Calcutta, brings a further supply. Linseed Is vory firm ; drums are qulttod at ds, for bulk ; wo quote 3s. Od. Colza has slightly improvod ; drums havo beon sold at 4s. 7Jd., and bulk has been disposed of at 4s. -id. Olive is dull at 6s. 6d. and 6s. for drums and casks respectively. Oilmen's Stow,-Thorc lia? boon » moderate in quliytliiôugnout thô month at woll-sustalno] rates', «id In somo instances an improvemont. Bickloi havo been sold at 7». to 7s. Od. for common brands, 8s. Dd. to 0s. for medium, Morton's onions roallsod 8s. lOJd, good brands bring up to Ob. Gd,, and best brands nro salcablo at 10s. Gd. to 11s. Assorted bottled fruits command Os. Od. to 10s. Black ourronts are quitted at 11s. Gd. tells Od. One pound jams aro disposed of at 7a. Gd. to 8s. Od. Salad oils, in quarts, find buyers at from ISa. to 25s,, pints rango at from 10s. Ou, to 11b. Gd., half-pints from 0s. 0d, to 7s Od., thrco eighths woro Bold at 69. 3d. Castor oil, in pints, his boen placed at 0s. 3d. to 9s. Gd., ha'f-plnts at 5s lid. to 6s. Gd , and quarter-pints nt 4s. 1JJ. Saucis bring Gs. Od. to 8s. Gd. for half-pints. Wo noto sales of Lua and Perrini)' at 11s. lOld. to 10s. Od. Capers aro sold at 6s. 9d. to 7s. 3d. Quarts vinegar have realised from 7f. 9d. to 8s. 3d. Quartor-plntscurry powdor sold atüs. ljd. Column's mustard, in 71b. tins, has boon disposed ofat8Jd. Durham lib. tins sold at 10a. 7,Vd. told. 0d" and Jib. tina atOs. 4}d. to 0s. Od., while D. S. F. brought 10s. lOSd. and Ila. rosnoedYcly f"V lib. and iib. tins. Koorie mustard bringa 8d. per lb., 10s. 3d. to 10s. Gd. for lib. tins, and Gs. 3d. to Oi. GJ. for Jib, UnB. Plaid vestas, sound, bring 0s. Od., faulty were told at fis. Thumb bluo has boon quitted nt 9|d, to Md., and light blue lias Jjfieli got lid of at OJd. Ito Wnjons groat; rm\\)t0 8a< 7i,i., cMiary seed 5Jd,, arrowroot 4Jd. to 5d, tapioca 4§d. to 43d., poarl sago ïjd. to 2Jd. Black poppar is valued at 41d. to (¡1, while popper is quitted at 7d. Maccaronl aiidvoriul colll billig 8}d. to Od. Provisions.-Nothing but colonial produco is now 'consumed. Hams and bacon aro moiod off to a fa'r extent nt Is. for tho former, and OJd. for the latter. Suttor, colonial potted, sound and swcot, mootswl'ha freo salo at la. 5d. Ohccso has advanced, 12d. to 14d. being obtained for best qualities of Victorian and Now Zealand. A small parcel of English imported chouso was sold at lOd. Quicksilver has boon in vory slow salo. Wo quoto 1b, lljd. to 2s. Stocka aro kopt well up by shipments from California. Rico.-This markot ia in a moro doprosaod stato than over. Thore Is not tho slightest animation whatovor. Advicos could not bo more favourablo than those to hand by the lost steamor, no shipmouta botng advlsod from any of tito rico ports, if wo excopt a small carse by tho Ardrlor from Bangkok to Sydnoy, since ar- rived. The Joanlo Oswald's cargo has boen with- drawn from tho markot for tho presont, in the hop( ot au Improvement. A small parcol by the Carl (aboul forty tons) was offorod on Tuesday, and a portion wai disposed of at £10 6s. 10,000 bass Boodhlo Badja wero offered on Wednesday, but had to bo withdraw n Mlllcd-drcBscd Saigon Ib sold at £18 For Java mill dioasod wo quoto £21. Pntna is valuod at £22 ; om Uno of fifty tona was quitted at this price A Braal parcol of thirty tons is expected by the Aboukir, am tlio Wolverlno was also reported as likely to bring i small «hlpmont. Itosin.-Tho markot has boen cloared to the oxtont ol .3,000 barrels, nil ot which has boon centered In om hand, and tho prlco has advanced to £11 10s., a willoh its now held. Slates.-Amongst the sales of tho month we noti tlio AfarpoBla's shipment of 56,000 Bangor, which wai disposed of undor the hammer. 24 x 12 brought £11 to £18 10s. ; 22 X12, £10 10s. ; 20 X 10, £13 to £1! 10b. ; l8 x10, £11. Salt.-Tho advicos to hand by tho mall havo falrl; takon people by surprise. A month's exports to Mol 'bourne of 1,900 tons, whtlo 800 tons moro appear li tlio supplement, aro such us to destroy tho niarkot and pul it bojondrocovery fora long time to conic Tlioro la no inquiry whatever, and sales can only b mado In retail lots, to suit requirements Moreovoi in tho preeont stato of tho markot, It la quite impoi slblo to g<vo a quotation ; it may, houovor, ho asno for thoso who havo Bhlpped so rcoklossly to know tilt prices aro almost certain to dcollno further. Sugar.-- A fair amount of business has been trans- acted, and towards tho clono of tho mouth a toi doney to groalor firmnoaa has boon ovincod. Ration! especially, havo boon scarce and rauzh wanto; and hotter pricos by 80s. or £2 por ton have boo obtained for that description. Tlio mouth's tran aotlons i .embrace sundry portions of sliipmon and ontlro cargoes, On Thursday, tho 19th ult 1,611 bags Mauritius, ox Ocean Brido andSidoulo, nn 1,200 bags, ox Bombay, roaliscd full provlous currei rates, and in somo casos a slight advance ; Bubsi quently, 8,000 bags woro takon up prlvttoly nt au at vanoo on auotlon rates, and on tho 20th, the damagei ox Valkyrlen and Victory, 778 bags, was Bold at prlci showing an advance equal to £2 per ton. On ti 24th some 1,327 bags were disposed of at very full ratos; grojish crystals brought £87 to £38 ; y ello countorn, £3110s.; medium counter«, £3110s. to £3 while good rations wero quitted at £28 15s. Fir -white qualities of Mauritius woro sold at £40, an second white at £37 to £38. The Nutro Dame do ! Frovidonco reached boro a fortnight ago. Her dati from Mauritius reached to 21st July ; and regarding supplies- coming forward, it won stated that ti Bva Joshua was loaded for Melbourne ; the Josop Conway, Confiance Ludovlco Chirlos, and Tame Candassamy, woro in the harbour seeking frolgli but not known to bo coming toi Austral! Tho cargo of tho Notro Dame do la Providence, aboi reforrod to, was offered on Monday, tho 80th Augui It consistod of 7,888 bags, tho wholo of which foun buyers at \\\oll-su,stalnod pricos ; tho biddings throuj' out woro unusually brisk. Rations roaused 20s. ' 27». Od. ; browns, 29a. 8d. to 81e. ; low yellow, 31s. 0 to 82s. Cd. ¡ good yellow, 84s. Od. to 35s. ; and forgood, 88s. Od. to 88b. Od., was obtained. The Eva Joshua's cargo, consisting of 6,840 bags, waa sold on Thursday, ¡at-prices which Bhow an advanco of 20s. to 80s. on rations and browns, but tho other descriptions did not do moro than sustain late salo ratos. Rations broug »it 28s. Oil. to 20s. Cd. ; browns, 30a. to 3is. 3d. ; medium to good jollows, 33s. Gd. to 3is. Gd. ; good to fino yellowa, 85a. to SGs. Od. ; and low to good wblto, 87a. to 38s. Od. By our correspondence from Java wo learn that contracts havo boen mado thero for 11,000 tons of sugar, the whole of which, however, goes to continental ports. Up to tho 23rd July thrco am ill vessola wero loading for Molbourno, besides two for Australia and ona for Now Zealand. The ship- ments of sugar to the colonies are expected to be much less In 1S69 than in 180S, as several mills that mado aololy for (Australia last year havo Bold their crops for other countries, such as Hol- land, the United States, and Persia, for all of which thero was an activo demand. Tho Carl, ono of the three vessels stated as loading, has cinco arrived, and the sugar, amounting to 3,600 bags, was offered for salo on the 7th inst. ; tho whole was disposed of, and realised for white grocery sorts, £35 15s, ; and for very low to medium rations, £25 to £'27 5t., figures which show considerable firmness, on rations etpecially, which aro scarce, and much wantod at present. On WodnoBday, somo 8,000 boga Mauritius wero offered, and about 8,000 bags were got rid of at prices Bhowlng an advanco of 20a on grainy broking sorts, and full rates for other kinds ; 35s. to 3fls. wjs obtained foryollow, and 38s. to 39s. for whito. Tea.-Messrs. JanoeB O. Itobcrtson and Co., In tholr usual monthly circular, report as follows :-" The Malta arrived on the SOtb ult., with dates from Foo- chow to 17th July, and Hong Kong to22odJu'y. Since our last circular, of 14th August, buslnoss, pri- vately, has beon of quito a limited character, »nil transactions, with ono or two exceptions, havo beon confined to trado demand. In anticipation of tho arrival of tho new season's teas, holders in gonoral havo been reducing their stocks, and largo pír- cele havo, In conscquonco, been thrown into auc- tion, and partly dlsposod of at prices under current quotations, thus steadily reducing tho market value. This 1b applicable to tho lower descriptions of congou, but extends up to good medium, awi in a slight degrco to tho finer qualities. Tho principal evont of tlio weok has boen tho arrival, at Sydnoy, of the first of tho new season's congous, by tho Boy Ben dlxon, from Foo-chow, alter a splendid passigo of 00 days. Tlio Dloscuron, Mikado, and Japan, for this port, sailed prior to tho Boy Bondixen, and all throo I aro daily looked for. Wo do not anticipate tho usu-.il excitement on the arrival of the first cargoes, owing to tho dopresiod state of the market from our large stock on hand, which, as will bo seen from tho statement below, boars favourablo comparison with last ycar'j, but at this time last year soveral carcfoes of now se i son's teas had arrived. Foo chow Dust and Sittings. -Our stocks aro heavy, and there have boon no sales worth noting. Ordinary to good ordinary continues much as previously reported, fetching lid to Is. ; mixed leaf kinds is. OJd. to is. 2d. . Tha principal demand still continues to bo made on tho medium qualities, which aro now moving into consumption at, for blackish leaf kinds, Is. 40. to Is. Gd. ; blackish and bronnUli, with flavour. Is. 7d. to Is. 8d. Our stocks of second and flret class kalsows aro gradually being diminished, and sales havo boon mado at Ia. Od. to 2s. Auction Sales.-On 'ho 31st ultimo, the residuo of tho cargoes ex Albert Victor and Dawn, from Foo-chow, consisting of ODO chests and 00 bait chests, Mero offered, and about 800 chests sold at prices ranginir from lOJd. to 18Jd. for good common up to low medium. Several minor sales havo taken placo unworthy of notico. Arrivals.-On tho 8th inBt.,at Sjdnoy, Boy Bendlxon, from Foo-ohw-foo, with 331,0001b.-passago sixty days. Tho deliveries for the past month have been 495,698lb., against 89,1721b. at same timo last year. Tho stock in bond lil Molbourno Is 2,7S2,73Slb., against 2,220,3001b. at same timo lost year. Our quotations aro (in bond) :- Congou- Dust and sittings, 8d. ; broken Foo-chow, lOd. ; ordinary to good ordinary, lid. to Is. ; mixed loaf kinds, Is. OJd. to Is. 2d. ; do., with little flavour, is. 2d. to is. 3d. ; blackish leaf kinds, Is. 4d. to Is. Eil. ; do., strong, Is. 5$d. to Is. 7d. ; do., strong, with flavour, la.'7d. to la. Od. ; do., kaisow kinds, rather strong, Is. lOd. to 2s. ; do., pekoo sou- chong and pokoo flavour, 2s, Id. to 2s. 3d. ; do., Ano rich pekoo-souchong flavour, 2s. 4d. to 2s. Od. ; do., vory fine do., 2s. 9d. to 2a. lQd. ; low Tay shan, 4 Jd. to 5d. ; souchong, common, Is. to Is. 2d. ; middling to rino. Is. 3d. to Is. 3d. ; extra Uno, none ; orango pekoo, scented ordinary and brokon, Is. Cd. to Is. 7d. ; do., good to Uno, l8. 8d. to Is. Od. ; do., finest country kina, 2a. ; long leaf, Canton loaf, 2s.; caper, scented, common to middling, nono ¡ do., middling to fino, Is. 1 Ld. to 2s. Id. ; do., finest, nono ; hy sonskm, Canton, nominal, 4d. to 5d. ; truo common to Uno, noue ; li j son, common, nono ; good to Quo, none ; finest, nono ; young hyson, Canton and Twankay kinds, nominal, Is. lju, ; good yellowish loaf to Uno hyson flavour, none ; gunpowdor, Canton, good to fino, nominal, Is. 8d. to 2s, ; country kinds, none ; imperial Canton, good to fino, nominal,.Is. Gd. to Is. lOd. ; country kinds, nono. Abovo quotations aro at per lb. in bond for chests (boxes boin« worth 2Jd. to 3d. por lb. moro). Duty on ten In Victoria, 3d. por lb." Tlmbor.-Transactions this month have beon of vory minor importance. Tho rod deals ex Aurora, all faults, 3,207 pieces 11 x 3 and D X 8, woro sold nt 4 7-10d. to 4jd. por foot for 0x3. On tho 24th ult. tho Pioncor's cargo of cedar was quitted ; 101,000ft. Bupor. brought 21a. Od. to 28s. per 100ft.; and at tho same timo 6ft. palings woro sold at 10s. Gd. por 10O. Tho cargo of hardwood ex Pralrio Bold at from 4a. 2d. to 10s. Dd. por 100ft. On tho 29th, tbo Abby Bacon's luinbor, consisting of shelving, flooring, deals, ko., was disposed of. 83,509ft. white pino shelving waa placed at £9 7". Od. ; 21,320ft. do., T. and G.,at £7 17s. 8d. ; 3 0001t. whito pino doals, at 4}d. ; 128,000 4jft. laths, at S8s. ; 1,180 doors, 3x7, 2-10 x 0-10, 2-8 x 0 8, 2 0x0-6, 2,1}, H, l8, li. D-M. and S.M., at 10s. Od. to 22s. Gd. On tho 7th inst. thoro was sold, ex Helga, all faults, fl x J white T. and O. plain lining, at Os. Gd. to Gs. Od. por 100ft. lineal ; Oxi do., 7s. 3d. do.; 0x{ do., 0s. 3d. do,; lattice latliB, 4ft, Gin. and Oft., at 26s. per 1000 ; 6ft. palings realised Os. Od. to 10s. por 1O0. Tobacco.-At ono poriod of tho month tho markot presented signs of improvement of so marked a cha- racter as to crcato a belief that tho improvement could not bo other» Ise than pormanont. A movomoiit was initiated some timo ago In low tons, in conse- quence of a demand for export, which diroctcd atten- tion to that description. Tho market was cloarodof all offering, and an advanco of a penny at least was established. Thoro was, howovor, comparatively little doing In other sorts. A Uno of tens- seventy five boxes-was closed for at Od. On the 2Gth, by auction, 250 boxes, chiefly Buchanan's tons, moio dUpoeed vi »t- 7H jo Sd., wlillo privately somo 000 boxes, Bamô bulla, wore talton up on terms with- held. Theso purchases clear out of importers' lliwds, all of tilla brand lately offering. Tho sales rofotrod to, with a parcel of Cameron's Two Seas half pounds, Bold at 14d" and a Uno of Kagland twist, ombraco the bulk cf the transactions of tho «cok onding 30th ult. Since that business has continued dull, and tho arrival of tlio mall haB in no degreo tended to Improvo tho tono of tho markot, notwithstanding that advices could not possibly bo of a more favourablo character than those rccolved by last mall steamer the ship- ments advised from the Northern States bolng com- paratively Bmall-only two vessels havo left, with au aggregate of 700 packages. Tho bubinosss dono pri- vately has been on a vory llmitod scale, and thoro is no hopo nt present of an improvement in this respect uni ii the spring trado fairly opens out. Tho auction saloB havo failed to bring buyers forward, lliu trade being indisposed to opsroto to any oxtont, The only tppcanuico of improvemont wo eau rotor to at all is lu tons; the markot is almost quito barool common descriptions. Tilla wock, tho trado havo cleared off the Bhlpmcnt of Camoron's goods, just tuiïVDci porïtèoubn. About hi package? hw boc« quitted. Tons sold nt 1b. 2Jd. to la. 2?d. ; fives, at 1'. 8Jd. ; and half- pounds, at 14d. ltavon twist and St. Andrew's tto to bo hold for Is. Od, Wo are informo I that the agency for these tobaccoeiln tho colonies wl 1 In future bo confined to Messrs. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co., for Molbourno, Adelaide, Tasmania, and Now Zealand ; and to Messrs. Parbury Brothers, for Sydney and Queensland. Our quotations aro-Low tons and half-pounds, OJd, to 8d ; medium, 9d. ; good up to lid. ; for fino, as high as la, 3d. has boon paid ; aromática, flat work.of all kinds aro dull and noglcctod, and prices aro nominal ; fancies aro saleable nt from lOd. to Is. Od. Twist, Barrott's, Is. 5d. to Is. 01. Haven, scarco, at la. 5d. St. Andrew's Is. 4d. ; lowor qualities aro not Boiling. Cigars.-Cheroots, 80s, ; Havannah shaped, 70s. ; Ormond Swiss, 35s. ; genuino Havannah, in bond, £1010s. to £30. Wines and Spirits.-Wines havo Bhown vory consl dorablo doprcstlon throughout tho month ; tho sales effected havo in most cases been Insignificant, and generally confined to common and low deaoriptlons. Common sherries havo beon got rid of at £20 to £25, and medium aorta havo boen disposed of at £48. The business dono in ports has also boon on a moderate scale : young common qualities havo boen got rid of at £25. Sales of Boughton's wlnoa.doublo to four diamond, havo been mado at prices'ranging from £34 to £50; welikowlso noto salos of othor qualltlos at up to £05, Brandies (bulk) moot with tho most complota neglect -little worth Bpcclal mention lins transpired in the way of ealoB. Martoll's and Hennessy's havo main- tained a nominal quotation of 7s. Od. Ghatnpaism Vineyard la hold for 7b. Ono or two fair parcels ol Otaril's have been disposed of at Gs. 0d, For Vinogrowers', Os. 9d. has boon n nora! nal quotation. Olozoau's has boon offering at 0s 3d., and Associated "Vinoyards' has boon placed a Ob. 8d. Considerable sales of O.B. Freres' have booi mado at 5s. 9d. to 69. lOJd. ; and Central Vineyard* has beon placed at 6s. Gd. Wo noto an improvomon on Hcnncssy's caso brandy ; nomo 3,000 casos havi changed hands durlupr the last fortnight, at prlco ilslng from 20a. Od. to 27s. Martoll's Is wantod at 2is. and Otard's reallscB a Uko figuro. Renault's Is valuci at 22s. Associated Vineyards' has boon sold as lo\ as 17s. Gd., but the agents of tills brand rofusot quoto undor 20s. Duty-paid brandlos.-Corltscrov la in fair rcquost, at 40s. to 44fl, Tho Elophan brand is dlsposod of in trado parcela at 40s. to41< Geneva is not activo'.' JDKZ, low duty, ia wanto at 12a. Od., and largo contonts bring 15s. Gd. For I and V. 12s. is obtained., and 13s. for V. H. and Cr Kum is moro Inqulrod for ; but as holdors rofuso t accept of last month's prices, mid aro making n stan for bettor rates, not much business has como undo our notico ; 3s. 4jd. to 3s. Gd. is asked for IO per com 0 p. ; buyers offer 8s. ljd. to Ss. 8d. ; 80 per cont. ! valued at 3s, Od, Values of bulk whiskoy aro ui altered ; we quoto from 4s. 3d. to 4s. Od. JIIOVIEW OP THK STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. There hos bcon a moderato amount of business during tho mall month without any great altoratlon In prices. Dobonturo securities remain unshakon In value Bank stocks, as a class, tend downwards. In suranco shares look up decidedly. Das shares havo been occasionally takon at full prices. Minos havo been mcdoratoly doalt in, the buslnoss bohle much below tho av erogo ol othor years at this particular timo. Alluvial mines aro giving fair returns, and tlioro liavo been somo splendid ) tolda from quartz un- dertakings. Tho mining Intorost Is Just now oppressed hy the weight of calls on new quartz companioB, and It will bo 601110 timo boforo relief Is folt by those proving produottvo. Tho Strlngor's Crook district is giving fino yields from tho Walhalla and Long Tunnel mines; last yield of tho latter over l.lOOoz. gold horn a crushing of about 340 tons quartz. Bendigo Is becoming much livelier in yields, dividends, and business. Clunes dull, with tho exception of tho New North Clunes Company. Egorton claims bang heavily The Beechworth district is looking np, the Welling- ton, the Kneebone, and tho United Ovens Companies holding tho best positions in the market. Tho Bal- larat alluvial companies > lcUling well, but many ol « them have only a moderate prospect ef continuanco. A new Mining1 Companies Bill has boon introduced in tbo Legislative Assembly, but it contains numerous objectionable clauses, and will not bo permitted to become law without Btrong opposition from tho mining Interest, wblcb It would seriously cripple. Money for mining speculations is abundant in town, and If confldenco wero botter esta- blished there would bo a groat deal moro trade. TUo dividends due or declared during four wooks end- ing September 4 amount to £50,493. Of this amount public companies contribute £5,808, say-Bendigo Gas, £747; Bendigo Waterworks, £1,200 ; Molbourno Exchango, £369 ; doolong Oat, £1,221 ; Hobson's Bay Sea Bathing, £210; Ballarat Gas, £2,121. Minos oon trlbuto £41,030, say-fifteen quartz mines, £10,050; and sixteen alluvial minos, £24,030. Tho mining divi- dends aro considerably under the totals of tho two last previous months. Tho divldendsin detail havo boon : For week ending August 14-Bendigo Cos at rate of G per cent; Bendigo Waterworks at rate ol 2s. por shore; Molbourno Exchango, £1 10s. per sbare; Geelong Gas at rato of 10 per cent, por annum ; Band and Albion Consols, 2«. Gd. per 22,500th ; Great Northern Freehold (final), 7s. 8d. por 2,250th ; Happy Vallo> Quartz (tlnal), 2s. Gd. por 2,400th ; Hope, Wood's Point, 2s. Od. pur 12,000th ; Imperial, Buninyong, 10s. por 480th; Koh-i-noor, Billarat, 5s. per 3,200th ; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 10s. per 450th ; North Hustler's, Bendigo, Od. por 28,876th ; Walhalla, Strlngor's Oroek, £7 por 000th. For week ending August 21-Hobson's Bay Sea Bathing Company, at late ol 7 per cent, por annum; Bonshaw, Ballarat, £1 por 8,8G0th; Broak-o'-Day, Rokewood, 10s. por 3,000th; Golden Horn, Spring- dallah, 10s. per 2.600th ; Lower Huntly, 7s. Od, per share (000th ?) ; Park, Ballarat, 10s. por 12,800th ; Uiited Albion and Frinco of Wales, 10s. por 0,448th. For week ending AugUBt 23-Ballarat Gas, at rate of 12 per cent, per annum; Argus, Bendigo, Od. per 20,000th; Black Horso. Kgorton, 10s. por 2,600th; Extended Sons of Freedom, Chiltern, 3s. por 0,34 tth ; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 10s. por 430th; National Durham Lead (final; Is. Od. per 3,200th ; Now Norlh Clunes, £8 per 2.05Gth ; North Hustler's, Bendigo, Is. per 23,876th ; North Johnson's, Bondigo, Od. per 22,00Uth ; North Specimen-hill, 2J per-cent.' on capital ; Itnilway Tributo, £2 per 288th ; Wallaby, Ovens, 4s. per -4,800th. For vvook ending September 4-Albert, A'exondro. 3s. per 2,400th; Golden Lake, Springdallah, 4s. per 4,400th ; Goldon Stream, 7s. Od. por 2,o00th ; Koh-i-noor, Ballarat, 7s. Od. per 3,200th ; North Hustler's, Bendigo, Gd. por 23,875'.h. Debentures.-Victoria Government sixes Btoady all month at lil sales, and fives at 101.}. Molbourno Cor- poration sixes offered at 100. Hobson's Bay Hallway sixes oflctcd at 104, and 103 bid. Banks -Colonial Bank havo receded from the neighbourhood of £7 10s to £7, recovering again about Is. por sharo ; a good many buyors. Commercial Bank havo declined about is. per ¡¡hare ; latent sales £5 Gs., and sharo aro wanted at that. National Bank also the turn easier ; sales at £0 18s., and back to £017s. ; sellers at £017s., and buyers at .£0 10s, Adelaide register sold at £0 14p. Bank of Victoria sold at £41, £40 10s., and offered at latter. Thoro aro said to bo 200 or 300 In the markot. Bank of Now South Walos aro at £41, soliera. Land Mortgage Bank offered at £2 7s. Od., and £2 7a. obtainable. Gas Companies.-Ballarat Gas never offered. Bendigo Gas sold at £3 17s. Gd., and steady. Collingwood Gas sold at £8, and wanted at that. Molbourno Gas linn, and without appreciable chango ; new Issue Bold at 8s. to 0s. premium. Insurance Companies.-Australasian Fire and Marine have touched 20.'.; markot Arm. Australasian Lifo wanted at 21s. ; sellers at 22s. Australian Alliance sold at 27s. Gd, 28s. Gd., and firm at 27s. Gd. National Fire Insurance sold at 7s. to 7s. Od., and sollors at 7s. Gd. Southern Insurance sold at 25s., and thon gave way a little as tho news received by the mail was not particularly brilliant ; latest Bales 24s. Gd. Victoria Iiife and General Insurance offorcd at £2 15s, Miscel- laneous Companies.-Hobson's Bay Railway sold at £52. Bendigo Waterworks aro about 30s., or less. Tho Marítimo and General Credit Company has issued somo new shares. Tho Australian Diamond Mines Company continue to obtain regular yield* of diamonds ; last return, with small model machines, sevonty-olght diamonds, and tho gold saved paid all working expenses ; two largo machines now on the road to tho mines, and two others almost complote. The alleged diamond of 7oz. from Armidalo proved to bo a picco of quartz, as most peoplo anticipated. Alluvial Mines.-Tho principal fluctuations of the mail month havo been: -Band and Albion Consols, £5 15s. to £5 5s. Bonshaw, £30 to £28 Brcak-o'-Day, £710s. to £7. Groat Gulf down to 32s., and later roso to 37s. Kncebonogottiuggood yields ; sales at £4 to £4 10s. Koh-i-noor steady. Park, Ballarat, stand about £12 10s. St. Georgo have fallen from £3 17s. Gd., £3 11s. Gd., and aro weak. Scottish and Cornish offered at 30s. United Albion and Frinco of Wales havo como down from £8 10s, to £G 17s. Od. Working Miners' hav o fallon from £4 to £2. Wellington aro worth £010s. Albion Consols and All Saints* steady. Ballarat and Clunes moving at 21s. New Holland offered at 20s. Nightingale have ranged between £2and £G 5s., and £110s. now asked. Hand and Band oscillate between £20 10s. and £22 10s. Winter's Freohold sold at £10, and dull. Quartz Mines.-Catherine United from 0s. roso to 7s. Gd. Great Britain In demand at 0s. Great Extended Hustler's fell from Os. to 7s. Od. Hercules rsso from 48\. to Gs. I\ew North Clunes from £155 ro30 to £100, and fell back to £151. North Hustler's roso to 17s. Gd., and fell to 15s, North Johnson's roso from Gs.. to 15s,, and roccdod to 13s. St. Mungo rose from fls. to 7s. Gd. Walhalla rose from £200 to £210. Wollesley, Stringer's, advanced from 10s. to 25s. dunes Great Northern fell from £2 to £115s. London and Australian foil from £0 to £7. Long Tunnel rose from £76 to £85. North Clunes Consols foil fiom £14,10s. to £10. Wollosloy and White Horso continuo wanted. Black Horso foil to £80, rose to £38, and carno back to £35. Tho prin- cipal Bendigo and district yields havo beon (oxcluding those under 25oz ) for week ending August 14 ; Frederick the Great, 280oz. ; Morning Light, Huatly, C8oz.; Annabolla Company 48oz. ; Ballway Company, Bellevue Reef, 38oz. ; Nil Desperandum Company, SOoz.; Ballway Company's Tribute, New Chum Hoef, 72oz. j Gray and M'Kimnile, Marong, 112oz.; Bath and Company, Carshalton Reof, 28oz.; Newchum Tri- buts Company, 43oz.; Cathorlno Roof United, 274oz. ; Denmark Company, 88oz. ; Boll and Watson, 107oz. For vvcok ending August 21 :-North Hustlor's, 44luz. ; Hailvvoy Tributo Company (from 60 tons), 104oz ; Monument-hill Tribute Company, 30oz. ; St. Mungo, ISOoz. ; Elliott and Co., Johnson's Beef, 40oz. ; Union Jack Company, 127oz. ; Princo Charlie Company, 46oz. ; Young Man Friday Company, lOOoz. ; Bird's Reef Tributo Company, 46oz ; Now Chum Tribute Company, 68oz. ; Albion Tributo, Bird's Hoof, 75oz ; GreatExtended.Hus tler's(onobattory), about 80oz. For week ending August 28 ¡-Frederick tho Great, 3t2»z ; North Johnson's Quarta Company (d7 tons), 2ï2oz ; Catherine Unltod Company, 307oz. ; itourke, Hondor son, and Co.. 292oz from 30 tons; Annabella, 54jz. ; Morning light 37oz. ; Williams and Co., Uloz ; NU Desperandum Company, 70dz ; Unity Company (from 130 tons), 105OZ. ; Opossum Reof Tributo, 67oz. ; Mackenzie and Company, Blg-blll, 45oz. ; New Chum Tributo Company, G5oz. ; Denmark Company, 41oz. For week ending Septombor 4:-North Johnson's, 154oz. ; Hustler's Reef Company, 212uz ; Alliance Company, OOoz ; Railway, Tributo, ¡Hoz ; Elliott and Company, 45oz. ; Georgo Elliott, 37oz ; North Hustler's, 235oz. ; Indefatigable Company, 27oz. ; Ca- therine United (for week), 113oz, ; Frinco Alf red Tri- bute, 72oz. ; Albion Tribute, 02oz. ; Now Chum Tri- buto, 51oz. ; St. Mungo (about) 178oz. ; North Whip Tribute, 41oz, ; Bonattl and Co., 2¿8oz ; North Speci nien-hlll, G3oz. ; Pegleg Company, 3Soz.; Aruus Company, 230oz. ; Now Moon Company, OSoz. ; Young Chum Company, 167oz, Iho Ballarat Star furnishes the following report of district yields since last summary : Alluvial Ylolds.-The following alluvial yields havo been reported stneo our last summary :-All Saints', 186oz. ; Australasian, 146oz. ; Baud of Hopo and Albion Consols, 804oz. ; Bute, 350oz ; Brcak-o'-Day, 482oz ; Bonshaw, l,716oz. ; Ballarat aud Clunes, l,42Goz. ; Cardigan Consols, 72oz, ; City of Molbourno, Carngham, ISoz. ; Durham, 200oz. ; Extondod Sons ol medora, Qhjltern, co?n¡¡, j Croidon, Point; Creswick, 84oz. ; Great Nortliom Junction, Oslo«, j Grand Trunk, Springdallah, ISOoz. ; Golden Horn, 415oz. ; Galatea, 254oz. ; Goldon Stream, D15oz. ; Goldon Lako, 268oz. ; Hit or-Miss, Creswick, 07o¿ ; Koh-i- noor, l,130oz. ; Knoobono, 305oz. ; Levia- than, 175oz. ; Magnum Bonum, 758oz. ; Nightin- gale, G04OZ, ; Park, 2,407oz. ; Prince of Walos, Sebas- topol, l,220oz.; Pheonix, Carngham, 20oz. ; Prince of Wales, Carngham, 24oz. ; Ruyal Standard. 15oz. ; Reform, 184oz. ; Royal Exchawro, 2Goz. ; Roso-bill, 326oz. ; Rothsay, 131oz. ; Reform, Carngham, 70oz. ; Kosser's Freehold, 141oz. ; Scottish and Cornish, 547oz. ; Speculator, 07oz. ; Southern Lights, Carngham, 27oz. : United Working Minors', 74Soz. ; United Albion and Princo of Wales, l,088oz. ; Winter's Froohold, 2510Z. ; Whoal Kitty, 17floz. Total for 42 companlos, 20.0180Z. Quartz Yields.-Tho following quartz re- turns havo boon reported slnco our last summary : Albion, 402oz.; Black Horso, 622oz.; Costerfield, OOoz ; Faugh-a-BallagL, 130oz.; Goldsborough, 21Goz ; Horns ward Bound, 70oz.; Imperial, G4oz ; Isis, 421oz.; Kan careo Bob, 280oz.; Llanborrls, lOOoz.; Lord of th; Hills, 37oz ; Now North CluncB, 2,225oz ; Port Phillip, l,6G5oz ; Queen Victoria, 20oz.; Star of tho East, 121oz.; South Clunes, 05oz ; St. Arnaud Gold and Silver, ,28Soz.; Sultan, 206oz,; Temperanco, 201oz United Happy Valley, E54oz ; Victoria, 600oz.; Wal- laby, 160"z ; Whoul Doroy, 21oz ; total for twenty" three companies, 8,800oz. MELBOURNE WOOL REPORT. Messrs. K. GoMMnnouan and Co. report :-" Wool. The now olip Is commencing to arrlvo, aud already 6ovcral parcols have reached our warehouses. Shear- ing is rapidly becoming gonoral throughout tho ooun try, and doubtless a cousldcrablo quantity will ho Ia store beforo tho end of tho month. Tho first sale will bo held soon after tho arrival of the noxt Eng- lish mall. We regret that the season continuos un- favourable for pastoral oporatlons. In many dis- tricts tbo vant of rain ia sovorcly folt, and unions there ia a chango in tho weather during the no\t fow weeks grasB will become vory scarce. Owing to the scarcity of water fur washibg, it sooma prohibió that a largo proportion of tho sheep will bo shorn in the groaso. Tho following ships have cleared for England during tho month with wool on board: AugUBt 18-Norfolk, 1,130 baloa; August 20-City of Pekin, 1,085 bales ; August 23-Ethiopian, 2,000 bales ; September 4-Dover Castle, 1,728 balea. Total, 0,009 bales. Add previous shipments, 211,027 balo*. Total, October 1, 1868, to date, 217,030 baloa. Wo give tho following as boing tho prices now currant: Ureasy.-Inferior, 4d. to 4jd.; ordinary, 4jd. to Od ; avoropo to good, Od. to 7(1. ; good to superior, 8d. to lOd. Fleece.-Inferior, 8d. to 10d.; ordiuary to ave rago, lOd. to la.; avorago to good, none offering; good to superior, noue offering. Scoured.-In- ferior, Od. to 8d.; ordinär}-, 8d. to 10d.; Middling to good, la. to Is. 8d. ; auporlor, nono offoring Hides.-Prices havo boen well supported during the month, though hardly so firm towards tho close as thoy woro at the boglnnlng. Wo havo sold several pareóla at 3Jd. to 4d. per lb. Tho shipments for the month are-Por City of Pekin, 1,601 hides ; por Ethiopian. 230 hides. Tallow.-The inquiry re- mains steady both for local consumption and ship- ment. We quoto-Beef, £32 to £34 ; mixed, £31 to £85 ; and mutton, £35 to £37 10s. Clearances aro as follow:-Norfolk, 203 caskB ; City of Pokin, 21i do. ; Ethiopian, 123 do. ; Dover Castle, 224 do. Total, 703 casks." v The Lonboh and Australian Aobsot ConpoitATiON Limited furnish the following monthly report for transmission por Boyal Mail steamer Avoca,: " Wool.-A fow auction sales of wool bave been hold for the purpose of olearlng up tho last consignments of the past season's produce' The prices obtained aro not worth quoting here, as they cannot form an index of the prices that will bo curront when tho now clip', arrives. Wo havo now to report the' commencement of another season, somo now wool having nlroady reached town. It 1b a Buuject of much specula- tion as to the prospects of a good market for tho coming clip. An insufficient tall ot rain will, wo expoct, causo a largo proportion of wool to bo shorn In tho greaso. This will, howovor, beneficially affect tho wool-soourors hore, and make them moro busy, as it Is hardly pro- bable that producers will ship greasy wool, as tho returns for this description of wool havo boon most unsatisfactory. Thoso squatters who aro so fortunato as to have an ampio supply of water for washing pur- poses aro, as a rule, preparing to sond tholr wool to market in the best possible condition, notwlthstand tho very discouraging advice tendered by some of the London brokers, tho -experience of tho past having taught them that, to secure remunerative priceB, It is absolutely necessary to produce a suporlor article. Wo regret to roport that tho continua- tion of tho very dry weathor, which lus only beon broken by a few slight showers, is matter of much Eotious import to tho country, and the apprehensions of another dry summor cannot fail to furthor involve many who have already oxporlonced dlflioultios in the financial managemont of tholr properties. As is usual in times ot depression, many properties aro being offered without finding buyors-asuro sign of tho pre- sent unsatisfactory position of pastoral matters gene- rally.! noGovernment,ho»evcr,andthocountry aro tak- ings more liberal view of the unfortunate poslttonof the Eastoral tenant, and possibly legislation may relieve Im to somo extent of his liabilities ; should such prove to bo the caso, and a reduction of the renta be mado, one of tho most pressing burdons will be re- moved; time, and efHciont improvements, will probably effect tho rest. Tlio price of fat stock has contlnuod at a fair averngo rato. This is owing to tho compe- tition of the meat-presorving companies, who have taken largo numbers ot sheep for tholr trado. This mail oIobcs our season of 1868-0, and we find on refcrenco to the subjoined table, that our shipments for tbo above porlod amount to 210,237 halos, of tho total weight of 48,802.4001b., valuo £2 045 213, which, compared with tbo preceding season, shows the follow- ing result, viz. :-Increase, 11,030 bales ; weight, 2,102,0051b. ; decrease In'value, £361,300. Acoording to the declared Customs value, howovor, this record only pattlally ehowB tho aUual fall in tho valuo of wool, as lhere is no arbitrary law to guido tho declarations as to valuo. The tonnage on tho berth offering for tho convejanco of wool Is amply sufltciont, and freight rates are expected to rule lower as a consequonco. Tho following b1) I ps havo cloared slnco our last, viz. : August l8,' Norfolk, 1,132 bales ; August 20, City of Pekin, 1085 bales ; August 23, Ethiopian, 2,125 bales ; September 5, Dover Castle, 1,728 bales ; total, 0070 bales. To wbioh add previous shipments from 12th September, 1S0S, 210,217 bales. Total, 210,287 bales. The vvoekly shipments have beon'as bolow, viz : Auqustl4,ll,2271b.,valuo£081; August21, 471,5131b., valuo £30,007; August 28, 80.0351b., valuo £7,010; September 4, 470,0281b, valuo £30,321 ; total, 1,012,1631b., valuo £00,510. To which add previous shipments from 12th 'September, 1803, to 7th August, 1800, 47,850,0071b., value £2 875.001. Total, 48.802,4001b., valuo £2,045,213. Tallow. Our market has presented a very active appear onco tho vvholo month, and buyers continuo to expoiienco a dlfiliulty in supplying tholr require- ments, tho supply being quite inadequato to the demand ; probably after shearing the contlnuod kcarcity of feed may causo numbers of Bheop to bo boiled down which up to this time the owners miy havo beon loth to part with. Some heavy shipments have been mado, and others aro in course of being effected. We quoto mutton at £38 per ton, and beef and mixed to £30 por ton ; shipments cleared, 700 casks. Hides.-The only ship- ment of the month has beon one small parcel of 230 hides per Ethiopian. The bulk of the hldos aro now token for local uto by the tannorn, who bid freely for all offering ; quotations from 3^d. to 4d. per lb. Sheepskins.-Wo havo te roport good competition, and also that a very considerable number of shoopskins have been shipped instead of being worked iii this markot; prices, 3d. lo 5Jd. por Ib., and from 2s. Od. to 4s. Od. each.' Messrs. Hastinos Cu.vixaiUM and Co. roport : " Wool.-With tho exception of two small public sales, tho catalogues of which consisted almost en- tirely of northern wools and odd lots of scoured parcels, thcro lias boon no business transacted slnco our last monthly roport. Wo have received some of tho now c'ip Into storo, tbo first consignment arriving on the 28th ult., and wo have advices of largo quanti- ties boing on the road from tho Kivcrino district«. Tho weather has been vory unfavourable for washing thol sheep before shearing ; and tho want of rain, always looked for at this time of year, wa fear will cause a much greater proportion of tho wool than was anticipated to bo shorn in the grease. Should there not bo sufficient rain to niako the grass spring beforo tho dry weather sots In, the summer tun will rapidly parch the already short supply of feed, and tho losses of stock must bo most serious. Tho lambing it Is feared will not give the roturnB cxpeotcd, an I in some cobos It has boen found necessary to kill the lambs on account of the weathor. Quotations aro nomlDal, but tho buyors ehovv ovory deslro to bid prices which approximate to the rates ruling In tho London markot. Wo havo Bold groany at from 4d. to 7d. per lb , and scoured at from 12d. to 17Jd. per lb. The shipments nineo last roport havo beon as follows :-From Hobson's Bay-Norfolk, 1,130 bales, cleared 18lh August ; City of Pekin, 1.03E bales, 20th Angust ; Ethiopian, 2 000 bales, cloared 23rd August ; Dover Castlo, 1,728 bales, cleared 4th Septem- ber; total, 0,109. Previous shipmonts, 214,670. Total i-hipments from Soptembor 14,1808, to Septem- ber 4,1800. 220.58S bales ; do. from Oct., 1807, to Aug. 27, 1808, 204,392 bales; corresponding period 180C and 1807,100,548 bales. Tho Somersetshire, Bucton Cestlo, and Superb, &c;, will leave about tho com- mencement of October. Sheepskins.-Our sale; during tbo month have had full attendances of buyers and satisfactory prices havo been always obtained Butchers' green Bkins with this month's wool hav< brought from 4s. to 4s. Od. each, and station BklnB dry and in good condition, tromSJd. to01. peril) HidCB -There has boon falrdomand during the month the local buyors being tho principal purchasers, th< rates ruling being too high for exporters to oporat« freely. Nevertheless, we havo to report a doollno it value elnco last mail. Tho shipments amount to 1,73 hhleB. Tallow.-Tho quantity offered has not boet sufficient to meet the demand, so that high price havo been paid for lots In shipping order. Wo han sold mutton nt from £80 to £37 per ton ; mixed a from £36 to £30, and beef at from £34 to £35 per ton Tho shipments this month aro 703 cisks. Kangara: Skins.-There has not been so much inquiry as of lato and wo roport prices oasior. We havo sold at fron 2s. Od. to 18s. per dozon, according to slzo." MELBOURNE MARKETS. Wednesday, Sepe. S. THE HILLS. An avcrogo business has boon transacted finco tho week oponed, principally for tho supply of Immediate trade wants. Prices aro firm, tho following bolng tho quotations : - First-slass silk-ilresaod flour, £10; seconds, £15 ; bran, Is. 8d. ; pollard, Is. 8d. to 2s. ; meal, £22 ; barley, £30. BETAIL MARKETS. Poultry ia somewhat scarce, and prices aro filmer, and dalry produco has maintained lato quotations. Mutton ia cosier, but bcof, pork and voal remain unaltered. Tho currant ratoi aro as follow :-Beef, 8d. to 7<1\. per lb. ; mutton, IJd. to 4d. per lb. ; veal, Gd. por lb. ; pork, Sid. per lb. Poultry.-Fowla, 6s. to Os. por pair ; geese, Sa. to Ila. do. ; dticka, Os. to Os. Od. do. ; turkeys, 12a. to 22s. do. ; cheeso. Gd. to la. 4d. por lb. ; ogg?, la. 2d. per dozon; butter, Is. 7d. per lb. ; bread, Od. to 7d. per 41b. loaf; milk, Od. por quart ; hams, l8, 2d, to Is, 4d. por lb. ; bacon, Is. to Is. 2d. per lb. EASTERN MARKET. Thero was a poor attendanco of purchasers this morning, and tbo supply of produce brought forward was also limited. Business was dull, and prices generally wero little altered from thoso of Saturday. The following wero the ruling rates :-Vegetables -Asparagus, 2s. to 6s. por 100 ; beet, 8d. to Is. per dozon ; bouquets, 4s. to 8s. per dozon ; cabbages, Cd. to Is. Od. por dozen ; carrots, 8d. to is. per flog?!! bY|nç!!OB ; cauliflowers, is, to 4s, por dozen J colory, 2e. to Os. pôr dozon ; cress, wator, Od. per dozen buncheB ; garlic, -Id. per lb ; horseradish, 2s. to Os. per dozen bunches J look, 9d. to la. poc dozen bunches ; lettuco, 4d. to Gd. per dozon ; mar- joram, la. por dozen bundies; mint, Is. to l8. Od. per dozen hundios ; onions, dried, öd. por Ib.; do , green, Is. to Is. Gd. por dozon bunches ; parsley, 0J. to la. per dozen bunchos; parsnips, 9d. to Is. per dozen bunches; peas, 4}d. to Gd. per lb.; potatoes, 7s. per cwt,; kidney potatoes, Os. to 10a. por cwt.; radishes, 4d. to Gd. per dozon bunches; sago, 1p. per dozon bunchos ; savoys, Is. Od. to 2s. psr dozon ; shallots, 4d. per lb. ; spinach, l}d. to 2d. per lb. ; thyme, 1b. per dozen bunches ; turnips, 3d. to Gd. per dozon bunches. Fruits.-Apples, 2d. to 4d. per lb. ; poars, 8d. to Gd. per lb. Dilry Produco.-Buttor, Is. -Id. to Is. Gd. per lb. ; cheeso, Sd. to lOd. per lb. ; ducks, 6a. to Os. per pair ; eggs, Od. to le. por dozon ; gcoso, 8s. to 10a. por pair ; bona, 4s. to 6s. Od. por pair ; honey, Od. per lb. ; pigeona, 2a. to 3a. par pair ; purk, Gd. to 9d. per lb. ; rabbits, 2a. to 4i. por pair ; turkojs, 10s. to 20s. per pair; hams, Is. to Is. 2d. per lb. ; bacon, Is. por lb. LIVE STOCK. Messrs. Dawjauoy Gamimikh, and Co. roport : "Fat Cattle.-Asmallor supply than usual has passed through tho yards during tho fourwooks, viz., 3 814, but thinga have not improved, owing to tho low price of mutton, and tho largo number of lamba now coming forwaid. Tho Qlpps Land suppllosaro aboutover, and wo will now havo to depend almost ontiroly upon tho northern districts for our supplies, and all lots that havo as jot como in from this quarter Invo arrived In very fair condition, considering tho bad stato of tho roads. Best boot may still bn quoted at from 32s. Gd. to 36s. per 1001b. Wo havo this week sold 104 bullocks for Mr. Wm. Robertson, Colac, of tho woll known FF brand, at from £010s. to £12, avoraglng £11 3a. ; 172 for Mr. Wm. Pearson, from Kilmany.pork, at from £8 6). to £11, avoraglng £0 12s. 2d. ; nud 8 hoad for Mr*. Buchanan, Roseneath, at £510a. Fat Shoop.-Largo numbera still 'como pouring In, over 103,072 (nearly all from lilvcrlna) having beon disposed of during tho past month in this markot alono. This supply Ib vory much over the trade requirements, and prices havo again touched boiling-down ratos. The meat- preserving compaulcs aro now in full operation, and if wo had a general fall of rain wo would soon seo an Improvemont, as holders would not thon forco their stock Into markot. We quote best wothcrs (with full fleeces from 641b. to 0311) ) at from 10s. Gd. to Ile.; good do, from 8s. Gd. to 9s. Od ; best ewcB, from 8s. to 9s. Wo have tilla wook Bold 2,114 wethors for Messrs Hope and Scott, Toogoom» blo ; 1,701 do., for Mr. J. J. Flood, Bolara ; 2,330 for Mr. John Dickson, Caroonboon ; 140 wethers, for Mr. James Robortson, Keilor ; 128 for Mr. Moylan ; and 2,610 en es for Mr.'B. M'Caughey, Coonong, at those quotations." SHIPPING AND ímiSIGHT REPORT. Mr. S, Do Beer reports as follows : " Tho amount of buBinoss effected in freight trans- actions to England hinco date of my last advices of tho 14lh ult. have boon vory much upon a par with that then reported, about the carno numbor of ships having been despatthed, viz, tho Norfolk, Dover Oastlo, Ethiopian, and City of Pekin, each with full cargoes of produce and fair quantities of gold, w hilo tho two former had In addition, a considerable number of pas- sengers. Thee.s. Somersetshire arrived hero from Lon- don on 30th ult., after a successful and speedy run of fllty- nino dava, and landod her numerous passen- gers In good health and excellent spirits, and also well ploased with tho noble ship and the kind treat- ment accorded to them! throughout tho passage This fine steamer is now on tho berth far Lon . don j and will bo despatched on tho day named by tbo.agontC viz,', 1st October, and no doubt will leavo In all respects a bumper ship. Only a lim- ited quantity of the new season's clip of wool has yet arrived In town, but our receipts will no doubt incrcaso each week for sevoral months to come. Up to this timo but tew freight engage- ments havo boon made, thoso completed boing at Jd. por lb. for greasy and gd. for scoured ; tallow, 60s.; leather, 60s.; preserved moats, 40a ; bark, 40s. It is possible that these rates may continuo to be main- tained, as our local marino insurance companies who absorb a considerable portion of the risks, havo now como to tho determination of only underwriting upon really ftrst-claBB bottoms, and that after careful ex- amination by special surveyors. The effect of this decision already Bhows Itself in the fact that, with ono or two exceptions, the ships now up for London aro of tho hlgboat class, and superior to thoso hitherto offored to shippers -tbo list embracing the Somersetshire (s.S.), Suffolk, Superb, Burton Castlo, Hogbton Tower, Kosciusko, Macduff, Olanranald, Lochawo, J. M. Joshua, Lightning, and Lanarkshire. The amount of disengaged tonnage at present In our bay-and that consisting chiefly of a first-class description-is considerable; it is conso quJntly evidtnt that a largo portion of it must leave seeking. The demand to load horses for Indian ports continues vory Black, tho only engagements to bo recorded boing that of tho Hi cuba, 1,247 tons, for Calcutta, at a lump sum of £1,200 ; and the brig Bolto, to Colombo, re- turning to this port with coffco and other Ceylon produce, ata figure for the round kept private. No- thing has beon dono in coal freights to China, tho Straits, India, or California; rates of freight to tho inrious ports being nominal, nt 189, for Hong Kong; Shanghai, 24a. ; Java, 16s. ; San Francisco, 29s. ; Bom- bay, 26s. Tho Gresham is about being despatched for Hong Kong n ith a load of Chinóse passongors, at tho previous current rate of £4 per hoad, tho Bhip find- ing fuel and wator. Owing to somo difficulty as to insurance, &c;, in connexion with the Maldon bland guano traffic, tho proprietorship of which . le now vested In one of our most respectable local flrmB, nothing in the way of chartering to load thero Ima been effected of lato ; but the various in- surance offices boing again opon to tako risks on ships, cargoes, and freights from tironeo, it is ploaslng to bo enabled to note tho engagement of tbo British ship Electric, 1,100 tonB register, to load thoro for London direct, at CDs. per ton. Coal freights from Nowcastlo to Molbourno wharf reached as high as lus. about two weeks ngo, but siuco then a roacllonhas Bet in, and not over 14b. is now obtainable. Two ships, viz., tho Aurífera and Harrington, havo beon takon up to load copper oro at Wallaroo, in South Australia, for Hob son's Bay, at 17s. Gd. por ton." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. Arrivals axd Clrarancbs since our Last Sömjiary. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da,, Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Oh., Chilian ; P., Portuguese; IL, Hamburg; Hn., Ilanovorlan ; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G., North Gorman, S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian; Behr,, Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; R., Russian ; s., ship ; b., barque; br., brig; se, schooner; s.S., steamer.] Aug. arrived. 14\. Dona Anita, B.b., 404, W. Boart, London.-Virgoo, Son, and Co. 10\. Salada, B. b., 424, Francis Stewart, Hone; Kontr. M'EwanandCo. b 10\. Soloto, B. s., 855, William Reagan, Gothonburg. Captain Hcogan. 10\. Suffolk, B. b., 075, Geo. M. Miller, London.-W. P. White and Co. 21\. Heimath, N. G. b., 394, F, Medobohl, Zebu (Philip- pines).-Victoria Sugar Company. 24\. Jeannie Oswald, B. b., 213, T. Dovlno, Singapore. -8. R. and C. Groom. 25\. Chelsea, B. s" 004, Goo. Molland, Hong Kong.-L. Kong Meng and Co. 25\. Stanley, B. se, 115, J. Griffiths, Colombo-It, Harper. 26\. Harlaw, B. s., 804, Wm. Phillips, London.-Dal foty, Blackwood, and Co. urcrb, B. p., 1,461, Edward Jones, London.-J. II. White and Co. 20\. J. M. Joehua, B. s,, 1,150, R. F. Hodgson, London. -Joshua Brothers. 20\. Notro Dame do la Providence, F. b., 275, Eral! Londgrcn, Mauritius.-Connell, Watson, and Hogarth. 20\. Aiuionotto, F. b , 455, J. De Foy, Bordeaux. Curclcr and Aoct. 27\. Britomart, B. b., 609, W. R. Bartlett, London. Bright Brothers and Co. 20\. Malta, B. M.S.S., 1,042, A. E. Barlow, Gallo_F. B. Kendall. 30\. Somersetshire. B. a.s., 2,34?, J. S. Atvvood, Lon- don.-W. P. White and Co. 30\. Zenobia, B. s., 1,145, O. W. H. Hutchins, London. -Fenwick Brothers. 30\. Loch Awe, B. s., 1,053, John M'Culloch, Clyde. Alexander M'Farlan and Co. 30\. Hecuba, B 8" 1.247, - Walkor, LIvorpool.- I Lorimer, Marwood, and Homo. 30\. Abby Bacon, A. b., 476, Josoph Besson, Boston. Osborn, Cushlng, and Co. SO. Eva Joshua, B. b., 287, T. H. Robson, Mauritius. -Joshua Brothers. 81\. ABliburton, B b., 541, Chas. Smith, San Francisco. \- Captain Smith. 81\. Briton, B. b., 462, Francis Ross, Honolulu.-E. Holmes. Sept. 1\. Rhuddlan Castle, B. b., G00, W..Griffiths, London -Bright Brothers and Co. 1\. Napoleon III., B. s., London-Croaker, Scott, and Co. 2\. Carl, B. br., 104, Dow, Batavia-H. Selwyn Smith. 4\. Tamar. B. s.s , 308, T. E. Robinson, Clyde-Hud Eon and Watkins. 0\. Palm Tree. B. s" 1,457, E. H. Copper, London. Captain Copper. 7\. Hoghton Tower, B. s., 1,033, Digby Murray, Liver- pool.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Remo. 7\. Penlhesilia, B. s., 1,070, W. D. Reid, Liverpool. Bright Brothors and Co. 7\. Hildegard, N. b., 424, Otto Smith, FroderickBtadt. O. Tondeur and Co. CLEARED OUT. Aug. 16\. Goolong, B.M.S.S., 1,684, B. T. Dundas, Gallo. F. B. Kendall. 10\. Gomsbok, A. b., 477, C. G. Bunker, Guam,-Lord and Co. 10\. David and Jcssio, B. se, 142, B. M'Miohen, Colombo. -Pigott Brothers and Co. 17\. Francis B. Fay, A. s., 870, J. B. Durham, Sai Francisco, via Nowcastle.-Osborn, Cushlng, and Co. 18\. Norfolk, B. b., 053, B. Tonkin, London.-W. P. White and Co. 20\. Valkyiien, B. b., 408, J.. A. Pago, Guam-Joshua Brothers. 20, Karnak, F. b., 383, A. Brlndlau, Guam, via Sydney -Bligh and Hnrbottlo. 20\. City of Pekin, B. s.,803, John Hunter, London Alex. Macfarlan and Co. 23\. Helga, N. s., 003, Otto Zackariascn, Callao-An- derson and Marshall. 23, Ethiopian, B. B., 838, W. Faulkner, London-Da' goly, Blackwood, and Co. 28\. Lightning, B. s" 1,709, II. Jones, London, vül Geelong-Bright Brothers and Co. Sept. 1\. N. C. Kierkegaard, N. b., 450, II. H. Halvorson, Guam -James Bonico and Co. 4, Dover Costle, B.s , 1,002, R. K. Deacon, London. W. P. White and Co. 4\. Eva Joshuu, B. b., 287,T. H. Robson, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. G. Staffordshire, B. b., 1,103, W. A. Barrett, Callao. Dickson, Williams, and Co. C. Pilot, B. Be, 81, E. Flinn, Levuka, Fiji.-Vlgott Brothers and Co. 1.7. FurncBS Abboy, B.s., 200, J. Marris, Calcutta. Dickson, Williams, and Co. . 7\. Heimath. N.G. b., 801, T. Tlodebohl, Batavia, vii! Newcastle Victoria Sugar Company. 9\. Thalia, Bs., 810, F. Hennings, Callao.-Wilkie, Welch, and Co. 10, Aurora, P,s., l.?12, Hendrik Vls'.or, Batavia. W. Crosby and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. Ana. 16. Geolong, R.M.S.S., for Point do Gallo.-1 case wood waro, 1 caso curiosities, 1 case (a woddlng cake), 80 casks preserved meats, 1 box documenta, 1 packago newspapers, 05 pieces tlmbor, G baga potatoes, G tierces beef, 3 casks tallow, 1 package (rup), 1 railway sleeper, 4 packageb parcels, 2 packages samples. Aia 10. David and Jeasie, for Colombo.-2,000 baga bone dust, 650 bags Hour, 40 coses jam, IG casos biscuits, G packages preserved moats. AUG. l8. Norfolk, for London.-1,132 balea wool, 02 bales leather, 10 bales skinB, 203 casks tallow, 143 casks 2,000 casca preserved moats, 2,038 bags copper ore, 130 bega antimony oro, 40 casks black sand, 9 cases furni- ture, l8 cases wine, 17 packages effects, 2 hhds. tail- ings, 8 packages hardware, 210 blocks antimony regulus, 3 bales tow, 2 packages plants, 2 packagoa paintings, l8 balCB flax, 5 packages sundrlos. Ava 20. City of Pekin, for London.-1,036 baloi wool, 178 bales raga, 213 casks tallow, 104 balea leather, 477 bales BheepskinB, 07 halos basils, 128 baloa pelts, 1,601 hides, 74 calfskins, 3 casita calfskins, 3,203 kangaroo skins, 10 bales 12 casks kangaroo-skins, 713 ingots spclttr, 1,006 bags copper oro, 00 casks 160 cases pro Ben ed meat, 12 tons lOcwt. bark, 208 bags 421 bales bark, GO casltB sperm oil, 10 bales 3 cases rabbit-skins, 4 cases cotton, 4 casltB old motal, 4 bags wheat, 5 cues wlno, 2 cases apparel, 76 kegs butter, 1 case loathcr, 27 tons lOcwt. bones, 20,700 horns, 42 bales flax. Auci 23. < Ethiopian, for London.-2,125 .bales wool, 3 ciscs metal, 280 bats flour, 870 bags copper ore, 11 caaoa wino, 35 bales clippings, 8 bales pelts, 2 bales basils, 200 bales bark, 3 caaes effects, 7 tona bones, 4,403 kangaroo-skins, 230 hides, 272 ingots spelter, 181 bales sheepskin», 12 casks mans, 120 casks tallow, 110 bales leather. Ano. 28. Lightning, for London, via Geolong.-2 750 baga copper oro. Surr. 4. Dover Castle, for London.-1,728 bales wool, 1G0 bales leather, 84 bales pelts, G1 bales basils, 14 bales skinB, 224 casks tallow, 100 casks 1,600 cases preserved meats, 161 bales 380 bags bark, 2,280 cakes copper, 219 bags antimony oro, 0 casks sing, i casks jewellers' ew copings, 6 casks gum, 4 cases wines, 3 cases pre- serves, 2 packages specimens, 4 packages sundries. Eva Joshua, for Mauritius,-50 bags bran, 5 tons hay fodder, 1 cato apparel, 20 horses. Sept. C. Pllot, for Levuka (FIJI).-97 ca«ks 21 half-barrols alo, 2 bales woolpacks, 2 quarter-casks wlno, 44 cases preserved provisions, G casks vinegar, 6 casos bitters, 1 case show cards, 38 cases drugs, 5,000 bricks, 1 case BAIT. 1U. Aurora, for Batavia.-500 bags artificial manure. GOLD SniPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tho following Is a list of tho ships taking gold which havo soiled hence sinco tho publication of our last summary, together with tho quantities and desti- nations : Dale of Soiling. Ship. Destination. Ounces, Aug. 15! Aug. 181 Aug. SO Aug. 26] Sept. ' Geelong .. Norfolk .. City of Pekin Ethiopian ., ¡Dover Castlo Gallo .. London .. London ,. London .. London .. 112,423 0,701 7,886 11,293 11,680 Tlio total amount of gold exported from tho colony tinco tho beginning of tho year is 1,145,170 ounces, ot which 164,075 ounces wore transhipped from Now ' Zealand. During tho ' corresponding porlod of the previous year tho entire quantity exported was | 1,359,608 ounces, and of this total 102,208 ounces were from New Zealand. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. , \t , Friday, Bsrr. 10. The following lisfc shows tho value of colo- nial debentures, and shares in the Tarions public and mining companies, together with tho latest clqsingpricos : Amount of Loan. Debbntubbb.' £ 100OO00 300000 100000 10000 60000 80300 186400 163300 100000 20000 0000 Viet. Gov. Hlwy. (local), G per cont. Viet Govornmont(local), 6per cent. Molbourno Corporation, 0 por cent. Ballarat Wator. 8 por cent. Ballarat Municipal, G per cent. .. Collingwood Gas, G por cent. Molbourno Gas, 7 per cent. Mclb. & H. B. United, 8 per cont. Do., 7 per cent. . Do., Oper cent. Do., 6 per cent. . Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 por cent. .. Otago Provincial Gov.. 8 nor cont. 111-llli 10U-102Í 108-109 'Eva . I 600000 50000 30000 24908 14900 C00Û0 2080 24430 210000 126000 25000 30000 10250 100000 40000 100000 25000 26000 58370 17876 8000 37500 12333 60000 12000 7000 82840 534700 Public Companies. Last dlv. percent, per annum. £| BANKS. 5 Bal. Bankg. (limit) i| Do., newissuo .. 7 Colonial of Austral, 5,Commorcial of Aus I tralla (limited) .. 2Molb. Bank Corpo | ration flimitod).. 4 National of Austral. 20Now South Wales., "J fVictorIa(Mol.reg,: I ( Do. (London reg. 2 Land Mortgago .. | QAS COMrAMZS. 7 Ballarat 6 Bondigo 5 Castlcmnlno 6 Colllngw'd & Fitzroy 10 Daylesford (limited) 4 Geelong H) ( 5 } Molbourno -j 10\. J < INSURANCE. 21 Austral. Firo & Mar. ¡¡[Australasian Lifo .. 5 Australian Alliance. i National Firo Insur. 1 Southern Insurance 1 Victoria Lifo & Gon. 25,Vlctoria Firo is Mar. MISCFLLANEOtrS. I 1 Australian Dla II f mond Minea . 6 Bendigo Waterwork 0 Gipps Lnd. SteamN. 6 Hob Baylt. Sea Bath 71 Maritime & General Credit Co. (Limit.) 50 MolboumeExch'ngo 6 Ovens AVatcrworks. 1 Studley Park Bildgo 20 Victorian leo «¡Warrenheip Distily. | RAILWAY. 50Mclb.&Hob.BayUd.; 10 121 a 12 12J 0 12J 10 100s-107s 180-187ÍS 40-11 40-401 47s.-471a. 8-1 0-7 4}-6 0J-G1 121-121 20s.-2Us. 21s,-224s. 274-28»s. 7is.-7is. 2»-25s. 2J-2J 82-38 10-ll}s mi 511-021 MINES. DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. Closing Pricos. 2000 22600 8300 8000 4000 3200 400 0344 2100 2000 2600 4100 1000 4000 4000 70C0 3200 2560 2600 000 460 12800, 8343 G0OO 4032 0448( 4800, 8600 Avonclift . Band of Hopo and Albion Consols, Ballarat Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Brcak-o'-Day, Eokowood .. 20 Buninyong, Buninyong Bunlnjong Now, Buninyong Clunes Alluvinl Extended Sons of Freedom, Chiltern . Galatea, Scarsdalo .. Golden Stream 10 Golden Horn, Springdallah.. Golden Lake, Scarsdalo 20 Grand Trunk, Happy Valley Great Gulf, Ballarat.. ) Do., newissuo .. J Kneebone, El Dorado Koh-i-noor, Ballarat.. j-Leviatlian, Ballarat Low er Huntly Deep Lead .. 20 I Magnum Bonum, Maryboro'. 2 Park, Ballarat. 25 Prlnco of Wales, Ballarat .. \- St. Georgo and Band of Hope \- ¡Sadowa, Talbot 16 Scottish & Cornish, Ballarat. 5 United Albion and Princo of Wales, Ballarat .. l63 United WorkingMiners', Bal. 6 'Wellington, El Dorado 6J-5Í 28-281 7-7} 4-5 00-03 37d -40a. 4H1 lP¡l 20-21 3-31 134-11} 12W2} 3&-3J 31-3$ 20a.-27s. 0S-7J 12-2 NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 36001 10000 COOO 2500 1000 1000 4C00 35001 46C0, 5000 5000 2000 3500 8500 8000 10000 6000 4000 8000 7000 4400 3000 SOOO 0400 0400 1000 3000 1080 Albion Consols, Ballarat .. All Saints', Ballarat .. Ballarat & Bendigo, Huntly. Ballarat and Clunes Durham, Ballarat Do., profèrent Do., new . Emperor, Ballarat Great Extended, Eldorado .. Do., Contributing .. Great North-Weat, Ballarat.. Do,, now . GreatNoitliern Junction .. Inkermann and Durham, Bal, Do.,nowissuo Lady Sutton, Chiltern Now Holland, Avoca Do., now .. .. New Avocn, Avoca Nightingale, Ballarat North Park, Ballarat Prlnco Imperial South Nightingale .. Speculator, Ballarat.. United Hand-in-IIand and Band of Hope, Ballarat.. United Ovens Gold and Tin, Eldorado . Do., Contributing .. United Suburban, Ballarat. Winter's Freehold, Ballarat. 31-31 3&-3Î 100-120 25s.-2719. 7^71 13-2 hi 15S.-20S. 4HÎ 211-221 6-51 4-41 48-48 DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 22500 80 10000 10000 2400 1000U 2200 80000 1000 20000 3540 2040 2480 2500 06C00 1980 1200 32000 2000 12000 10954 1710 16944 14000 24000 12096 0040 23100 28000 8000 28000 11 12000 1200 20870 10573 10000 2000 10000 1800 2000 620 20D0 20 20000 2400 28876 16000 22000 1080 3000 1000 20000 2400 7000 22500 1088 2000 1400 «CO G00 4800 1200 20000 Alliance, Bendigo Advanco Bondigo ., Agamemnon, Bendigo Ajax, Alexandra Albert Company, Aloxandra Ajn\, Castlemaine \- lAlblon, Steiglitz 1 Alabama, Jrlvor '" All Nations, Matlock.. Argus, Bendigo Al Costlo Reef, Wood's Pt... Beehive, Maldon ..' Black hill, Ballarat .. Black Horse, Egerton .. Catherine Reef United Claira holdcra, Bendigo Clunes, Clunes Clunes United, Clunes Comet, Bendigo Costerfield, Heathcote Derby, Maldon Eaglehawk Asso., Maldon .. Do. Prcfcrenco, Maldon Do. Union, Maldon Ellesmere, Bendigo .. Energetic, Bendigo I Grand Junction, Maldon -j Great Britain, Bendigo Gt. Extonded Ilustlor'a, Bon, Happy Vnlloy, Buckland Hercules, Bendigo Homeward Bound, Alexandra Hopo, Wood's Point Hunt's, Wood's Point nustler's Roof, Bendigo Johnson's Reef, Bondigo . Lady Barkly, Bendigo Loviathan, Black River LInscott'a Reef, Maldon Longfellow. Strmgor'a Malakoff, Steiglitz .. Nelson, Maldon New North Clunes ., \- Nil Desperandum, Raywood.. 5 'Koith Gipps Land, Stringer's 1 North Hustloi's Roof, Bondigo \- N. Specimen lilli, Bondigo. 1 North Johnson's, Bondigo . \- Prlnco of Wales, Matlock . \- Red Jacket, Bright .. 7A Roval Standard, Black Rivor. -" Sparrowhawk, Bendigo 5 Speculation, Maldon 1 South Ajax, Cnstlomaino ., 1 St. Mungo. Bendigo IO Specimen-lull, Daylesford ., 10 Steiglitz . 10 Unity, Inglewood 40 Victoi¡a, Clunes 25 (Walhalla, Stringer's Crook . \- 'Wallaby, Grow lor'a Crook . \- Wollcsloy, Stringer's Crook. 1 iYoung Chum, Bondigo_. 11-2 10s -12s. 3-5 3-31 33-35 7s -7Js. 0s.-10ä. 71s.-81s. 15-17 5s -Ga. 153.-203. 193.-918. 108.-12«. Os.-lOJs. 21s -39. 24-3 150-151 7s -Sis. 9-01 141S.-1ÜS. 121s.-131s. 12 14-14 7s.-7ia, 27-29 210-200 NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. C000 20000 8000 0000 24000 2000 1920 8000 4000 4000 4800 8000 2000 8000 82000 8040 2400 8200 3000 2400 4000 3200 4000 3000 2600 4000 11000 14507 ! 4000 j 20274 8100, 8000 3000 Alexandra Mining 7 Crushing, Ben Lomond, Stuartmill Burn's Reef, Forest Creek Criterion, Clunes Clunes, Great Northern Eaglo, Bendigo Empress, Stringer's .. Euroka, Stringer's Crook Flying Scud .. 5 Golden Point, Clunes 5 Great Whoal, Clunes.. \- Hoicules, Strlngor's .. 5 ¡Hombw'd Bound, Sootohmn'a 20 (Isis, Stuartmill 3 ¡Kangaroo Bob, Egerton 1 Koh-i-noor, Bendigo., 10 London Si Australian, Clunes 5 Long Tunnel, Strlngor'a 4 Magdala, Pleasant Crook * 6 'Marllici's and Sloan'a, do. 8 |Ncn Garibaldi, Blackwood .. New ington, Pleasant Creek. North Cohens, Stringer's Ck, New N. Cohens, Strlngor's Ck North Clunes Extension North Clunes Consols, Clunes Oriental, Clunes ' Pegleg, Bendigo Queen Victoria, Canadians Sandy Creek, Poverty Roof, Tarnagulla ,.. , '., Seuth Cohon's, Stringer's .. 8th. Scotchman, Pleasant Ok, Trojan, Blackwood ... ., 5 jTubal Cain, Stringer's , ., Victoria Roof, Bendigo 1 ., Victoria, Gordons Wellesley,' Egerton .. Whito Horse, Egerton 2-21 le.-2a. 11-1Î , 15-18 . 1-11 5J-61 21-211 81-3Ï 7-71 84-87 25s.-27a. 14-1Ï l-l* 1-1Í 2-2Î 10-12 ' 2-21 12S.-1ÛJ. 21-2Î 31-4 