INTERCOLONIAL. NE W ZE AIIAND. BY the Tararua steampr we have received files of New Zealand papers to the 20th inst. The Tariff Bill Jiw^ been thrown out. The Wetland Boundary,B41<*&8 discharged from the paper. The House hag passed the Disqualification Bill. Tjtie Council:has amended the Immigration and Pflblto WflrksjLpa^.Bill by limiting the borrowing pojfer P° onP^miUipn. per anmim. The Defence Loan Sill hffSi Seen passed by „ (he Council ~ * — i— »- committed «. .hfeenleiid^^in&ftim;, lary force haYeh'feeh Sent'to'l'aranaki, j n consequence of 'tliB 'dispute there. Parliament was prorogued on 13 th September to 11th October, the Reciprocity Bill being reserved for the Queen's assent. In the Governor's speech he alluded to the benefit the colony would derive from the redundant capital and population of the parent country, and congratulated the members on their action in regard to the California mail route. A special despatch to the Nelson Colonist says : —"Hundreds of the natives' passed through New Plymouth during the week, on their way to the great native meeting, to be held at Pariaka on the 18th. Great excitement prevailed on the news being received. Tito Kowaru has gone armed to the meeting with eighty followers. He passed within three miles of New Plymouth. A deputation waited on his Honour the Superintendent regarding the defenceless state of the town. The reply was that nothing could be none, but a vigilance committee was appointed to see that the powder magazine was properly guarded. Mr. Parris has no instructions from Government. The confiscated lands are to be brought up at the meeting. It is supposed that Tito Kowaru will commit some murder to see whether the Government have had enough of fighting. The natives say that Te Whiti has blindfolded the Government. Mr. Parris is very anxious about the result of the meeting. The Defence Force of the province numbers only ninety-three. Do not be surprised if you hear of a massacre." LAND GRABBING.—One of the resolutions of the Ohio Democratic Convention is as follows:— "Resolved, that land monopoly is one of the great evils of our country and against the spirit of our institutions, that the whole of our public lands ought to be held as a sacred trust to secure homesteads for actual settlers. We therefore denounce the recent action of Congress in making grants to railroad corporations, which are already too powerful and may become dan gerous to a free people." EMIGRATION.—The annual report of the New York Commissioners of Emigration shows that 64,204 Irish emigrants landed in that city alone during the year 1869. Besides, there were 95,605 German emigrants. Of these numbers about 85,000 remained in the city and State of New York, almost exclusively in the former. Strange and lamentable is it to say of those who chose this empire city for their home nearly nine-tenths were Irish. What incalculable loss both the Church and the country have sustained in this virtual sacrifice of so much Irish man hood, honesty, industry, and virtue. EXTIRPATION OF PIRACY.—It is stated that Spain, England, and Holland, have decided to organize an expedition to Oceania to put an end to piracy. The Spanish squadron will be charged to explore the Sea of Yolo and the Philippine Islands. THE COST OP WAR.—Between the Russians and Allies there were more than three-quarters of a million men killed, each of them at the price of £433. Each one of the 281,000 deaths during the American civil war by an expenditure of £3,045. In South America the cost was not more than £900 per man. The Danish war extinguished 3,500 lives, at an average cost of about £2,000. The campaign which ended at Sadowa cost nearly £1,500 per man. 