THE GAZETTE. . We perceive by the Government Gazette of March 4 that Mr. M. F. Macoboy, judge of the County Court, at, Sandhurst, has been appointed to be also judge of the county court at Romsey. Mr. Wm. Hy. Hull has been appointed acting under- treasurer, in the absence on sick leave of that officer and Mr John Hall to be acting receiver and mv. master. Melbourne. Messrs. W. Lynch J. H. Clayton, and T. Pavey, of Melbourne have been appointed perpetual commissioners for taking acknowledgements of applications and instruments signed by married woman under the Transfer of Land Statute. Mr' Hy. Barzillai Lane, chief clerk, Customs Geelong, has been appointed acting. collector of Customs and acting assistant immigration agent at that port during the absence on leave of Mr. John Guthrie. Mr Johnson Hicks, of the Crown Law offices, has been appointed registrar of copyright under the provisions of the Copyright Act. The an. pointment of Mr. Frederick Dore, postmaster Sebastopol, to be also manager of electric telegraph and collector of imposts it that place, has been sanctioned by the Governor. Mr. John Mullen, extra officer distilleries, has been appointed weigher 3rd schedule, Customs, Melbourne vice Davies dismissed and Mr. Andrew McIntosh extra weigher, to be weigher, 3rd schedule, vice Ewing, superannuated. The appointment of Mr. Daniel Howitz, as Danish vice-consul at Melbourne, has been provisionally recognised by His Excellency. The following appointments have also been made viz. Mr. W. G. Couchman to act to moe, rarily as mining surveyor and mining rems trar at St. Arnaud vice Mr. John Phillips resigned ; Mr. JE. Lupton, sheriff's clerk and bailiff, Sandhurst, to be also bailiff of the County Court and Court of Mines at Sandhurst, vice King ; Mr. N. Hagger acting C P S Romsey, and to be also registrar of the County Court at Romsey, and Mr. E. M. Cairnes warden's clerk, Blackwood, to be also clerk of petty sessions, clerk of the Court of Mines and registrar of the County Court at Blackwood vice D. G. Stobie, relieved ; Mr. Jacob Robert Yaunach Goldstein, late lieutenant Western Artillery Corps, has been appointed by the Governor in Council as lieutenant in that corps from 10th December, FECT; Mr. Thomas Smallman, clerk of courts, Jamieson, to be land officer at Jamieson, and Mr. John Fisher receiver and paymaster, Talbot to be land officer at Talbot; Mr. Thomas Gardner to be the manager (wee Holland 1 Loxton, whose term of office is about to expire) of the common toll road passing through the boroughs of Richmond, Haw. i thorn, and Kew, and the Boroondara road district, as proclaimed under Order in Council of 22nd February, 1864. Mr. John Sisson Cooper to be, temporarily, a mining regis trar-Mr. Cooper will act in this capacity at Steiglitz, vice R. English, relieved. His Honour the Chief Justice has appointed the undermentioned gentlemen to be Commissioners of the Supreme Court of the Colony of Victoria for taking affidavits, viz. Messrs. Richard Matthews, of Talbot, colony of Victoria, during residence at or near Talbot; John Benjamin Russell, of Auckland, colony of New Zealand, during residence at or near Auckland ; John Thomas Sanders, of Sandhurst, colony of Victoria, during residence at or near Sandhurst ; William Lambert Fowles, of Brisbane, colony of Queensland, during office as Registrar of the Supreme Court of Queensland; Thomas Woodman, of Gordon, colony of Victoria, during office as acting clerk of Petty Sessions, The Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has directed Mr. Caleb Radford to be dismissed from the office of coroner, acting at Casterton. The resignation, by Mr. John Phillips, of his offices as mining surveyor and mining registrar, has been accepted. THE French bishops are now divided into three parties-the Gallicans, led by the bishops of Cahors and Orleans ; the Ultramontane, headed by Cardinal Bonnecbose and the indifferent or waiters on events, marshalled under Cardinal Mathieu, and including the Archbishop of Paris, 