LAUNUESTON t X" N I N: E R A9AURDAYY, MLAY 21, 1870. - "SEVERAL assassinations at their own doors; threatening letters without end; graziers forbidden to take'land for fatten ing their cattle for the market, and too terrified to disobey the prohibition; and a long string of similar outrages; houses broken into. for arms; obnoxious tenants beaten nearly to death; "the hounds of an unpopular gentleman poisoned; .guests forbidden to visit at ceitani hbouse; aiia no single, offence tra6ed..home, to the offender; not the barest shadow of pro tection or securityafforded to the menaced or outraged citizen. Orders issued; by .the Ribbonmen. that. grazing land :shall at once be broken up for tillage; the example set by night; and graves dug significantly in the middle of eiach field, to be in readiness for all who neglected the warning." Such is the burden of a memorial' prooitosd tn the Lord 'Lieu tenant of Ireland by the magistrates of Meath. The accounts from Ireland ,row worse 'and: i or'se. .Every' mail brings reports of :outrages, and the law and its defenders hitherto-have been powerless before roughs, murderers, and terrorists, for scarcely any .rime' is detected' and even if one is, the perpetrator escapes the.puinishlment due for his criio .owing Ito the fact that jurymen by Jconvicting a, prisoner would jeopardise their' own lives. Ireland has been aptly, described as "a place where life is nosw not. safe; where property is not protected; where loyalty is a danger and not a refuge; where the criminal, even when known, can neither be arrested norpunished; where the for'ms of law, even when put in motion, are baffled or inoperative,. and magistrates, police, and the Executive are" regarded not with terror but with contempt as 3 well as hatred' The British Govirerment has> evinced' ''a laudable ' desirie ito ameliorate what are termed the, wrongs I of Ireland., The alien church, as it was called, has been abolished, Mr. Glad stone has brought in a land" bill that would have fully:satisfied :Irish ;land re formers any time these forty years past; and 'many other reforms are being pro, pared for-in' fact ,there has been .every desire 'to restore peace to that distracted land by just and :conciliatory measures. But instead of receiving these in a sim lar spirit to that in which they were con r ceived, : we find, every' effort ;being ' made by the Irish"National" journ als aind even the Irish members to impede their progress. Take the Land Bill for examp}e. For years the most fervid declamation has bee indulged in against the land lords, and now that Mr. Gladstone re cognises the wrongs inflicted on the tenantry, his offers aio rejected. " By the Irish papers the bill.is styled."worse than' useless"--" 'a bad attempt at tinkering,'-" a fraud upon' Ireland I" and by many other epithets. The Ministry are, however, steadilypushing on the bill, and in spite of 'herself, Ireland will be benefited.'" But in the meantime "'the 'disturbanices'referred to are rampant, and we are 'not surprised to 'learn by the last. mail that what is known as the "Irish Peace Preservation Bill" has been intro duced in Parliament, and passed into law with. very little delay. It consists of an enactment amending the Peace Preservae. tion Act' of 1856, reviving certain of the provisions contained 'in previous acts, espeoially that of 1847, and prohibits the carrying of arms in proclaimed districts without, a" special license; gives the right of. search for arms, ammunition, and documents; en ables the police to arrest without warrant persons out at night under suspicious oircnmstances; authorises summary trial without juries; deals with contumacious witnesses, and. provides for awarding compensation to those who have been the subjects of outrage or their' families, this reparation being made by a levy on the population . of 'the district 'within whose limits the offence has been com mitted. Moreover, seditious journals, which. Mr. Gladstone appears' to think. are at the bottom of all the plots and' most of the· disaffection, are liable 'to seizure and confiscation. These laws are, however, to' apply wholly and solely to those 'districts proclaimed by the Lord-Lieutenant. As might be autici pated, such a measure is not at' all in consonance with Irish ideas, and the picture of Ireland being drilled into obe dience of the law is one humiliating:to her as well as to the empire;: but where crime is committed the law must be vin dicated, and the people must be shown I that however much the' British Govern ment may bear with their, follies; there is a point where folly becomes crime that at once changes conciliation into punish ment. It was'' simply intoler able that any section of the British peo ple should be the victims of such outrages, Sand be subject to such a system of terror ism. The abolition of trial by jury many Sbe objected to by some persons, but in this case it is-an absolute necessity. If juries will not conviot, nothing-.remainsa but to get rid of juries Orime niust be put down'at any cost;' and thereis ant other consideration--such doings on the part of the mmalcontents as we hlave 1indi,. cated, not oulyare unprod"citive of good to themselves, but can result in nothing but loss and ruin: to the country i' which they occur. The Irish question -has always been felt. to be one of great difficulty. Some statesmen have tried coercion, but have failed. Mr. Gladstone has tried conciliation and has failed also. He is now trying both coercion and concilia tiers. We truist his"pah"iT'illbo success ful, and that Ireland will, shortly bocime what all its woll-wishers must desire it to be-peaceful and prosperous . Owe.emigration agent, M?Mi. Frederick Buck, has at last done -something. ?He has dBesaffched to, Hobart Town' one hundred and 'twenty-one German :emi grants, tearly one-half of whom, h~ow-' over, are children.' However, asa body,' theseonew colohists will doubtless' con stitute a valuable addition to 'oir' popu lation, and the result of their example will, probably be 'a' considerable exodus! to Tasmania '- The followiig 'memorandum has'been prepared for publication by, the Secretary of the Board of Immigration:: -"By the iail,;theBoard of, Imigration 'have received 'informatiiri 'froom Mr. F. Buck, that`:the 'shipi~"ictoris i was ex pected'to sail from' Himburrgh,; on the' 20th April, -fdr Hoblart Town 'with m"i7 'iigraints. Mr. Buck forwards..a; 'list of passengers, whose-berths were sooeured at the date of this' letter? ithe .'24th March, amoiinting to 385 males; °37 females; and 69:' children: The' 'Enmigrants a''?e, fdre' '::the' .'most part of the ,agricultural class, and'havd'allibeen gvery carefully selected. iMr.'Buok anticipated that thoe!Victoria would 'shortly' 'be fol1 lowed by other vessels, as the facilities afforded- for, iemigrating ,to this ,colony were made ktiown 'thiroughout 'the lougth and breadth of 'Germany, and a consider able interest had been already excited 'od the subject.-: Mr..: 'Bilck states that; 'the .inquiries for.. his: handbook acioheg the hardworking and: indiiestious' Jut landers "-and - Zealanders, had:' 'iiduced him'- to Inm'dertakeoa' itinaslation initj' 'Danish, and he isnow havingimpressions oftwo.thousand printed 'in: CopenhagB?i fordistribution among the small.faripers in. those provinces. The head of.the Geographical Institute at Gotha has bex pressed, his willingness-to publish-a series of maps of Tasmania] sliowing !the' Geo logical features of the' Islanid, the 'liald sold or leased; lines of-internal communii, I cation, the Electoral, Municipal an'd Police SDistricts, with distribution of the pop ula tion, and other matters of interest, and the Board of Immigration, at Mr.,Buck's request,- have directed .the preparation 'of copies.of Sprent's map containing all the I 'information the Government cani' supply, in order to enable Dr. Peterran. to carry out his design. 'The' Board" have also received the outline of Mr.' Sevin's pro posal respecting the emigration of asso ciated bodies of Germans, and their settle, ment in coinmunities in Tasmania. There are many features in the scheme which deserve' careful consideration, but it re quires that careful. consideration before the system can either be accepted or rejected." -V'cronrA papers are directing atten tion to a mineral said to. have been 'dis;' covered in inexhaustible quantities near Geelong;and which when properly treated will yield 33 per cent of chlorino. f The mineral referred to is, we presim'e,ohlo'4te, occurinig in. granitic "and . metamorphic rooks,- It is found of various shades of yellow, white, and green, and its constitu,, ent parts are silica, 'magnesia, oxide of iron, alumina, and water. :Chlorine is woll'known as a powerful deodoriser and in the form of chloride of 'lime has within the last few' years been perhaps' more largely used as a disinfectant and deodorisor than any similar agent.' There is another use, however, to whichohlorine may be put=-thle separation of gold from the matrix, and in the pr'sent infancy of gold-mining in Tasmania,'before' we are wedded to any particular process, or have erected large numbers of machines on the principle' involved .by the use of mercury, it may be well that the attention of Mining Companies should be turned ,to. this , recent, discovery. Chlorine,.is a perfect solvent of- gold, searching out the .precious metpl much more efficiently, and separating it from the matrix in a much 'more thorough manner than does mercury. For years past it has been used for this purpose in the gold mines of Southern' Europe, and. although- the "expense of producing it chemically, by the admixture of one part of nitric acid. with -two parts of hydro chlorio acid, has hitherto stood -in the way of.its adoption in places where the mineral in which in largely exists is not found, now that we have it "' in in exhaustible quantities" almost at our .doors. there .is - no reason why' it should not be profitably brought into general use. A correspondent of the' BallaratSlar° mentions that only a few months since one of the officials in the Sydney 'Mint: discovered a process of toughening gold and rendering it free from all foreign substances, superior to any other known process, and for which discovery the Sydney Government paid him £2000. The agent employed in this process is chlorine gas, and, like many other valuable discoveries, is of a remark ably simple and economic character. If equal parts of the black oxide of manga nose and common salt be mixed in a retort with sufficient oil of vitriol to make a paste, the application of heat generates chlorine gas, which .may be collected in bottles in a pneumatic trough. The Sydney mint official, how ever, appears to have passed the gas direct from the retort into the crucible full of molten gold by means of.a clay tube, and thus attained his object of t6edghoning and -jiurifying the gold, Chlorineo gas readily dissolves in water ani it is in this form that it has been omployed-by the !gold minors of Iun. gary._,The.' manner..in which the die. oovery near Geelong may be utilised by the gold miners of Australia must he left to practical chemists to determine. Wnesr that scarecrow, the famous, or rather infamous New Zealander, hunts up the old file of the. London Times and discovers the burden of the broadsheet forl Marobhll,. 870;' he will receivo a mental shock which may jeopardiso his. safety-.on the -ruined arch of London iriadgei.. Hei?ill look back with horror olnthe'condition of those savages of the 19th' century. , Page five contains an accont of a .terrible duel in Spain, in which " the -Duke of Montpensier has killed his cousin Don Enrique do lBour. boii'.. 'ext, a horrible murder of a man with & Spanish knife in Brick lane, Spitalfiolds. Then a case of torturing 40 sheep, by a man and three boys. Page eight gives the details of an attempt to murder a Fenian by Fenians, and just below a true .and particular account of the massacre of 173 Indian men, women, and: children in Montana. Page nine tells a pitiful story of a murdered soldier rushirig- into the crowd surrounding a preaching friar in Rome, and praying for alsblution before he died; he had been stabbed by a? political enthusiast. The next; paragraph contains an account of the mrurder, of a seamstress at Glasgow. Liastly, page eleven, records the trial of four cases, of alleged actual or intended muarders, besides other atrocities. Verily, ?iwehave niot attained, the aome. of oivili. sation;- ifcivilisation- implies impunity from the graber'forms of crime. eDo; ietfirte ils?! twenty-five 'ears the number-"of newspapers, ini the -Unitod Kiigdobm'liis-i 'dconsideraibly 'more 'than doubled,? whilst the daily journals are now, seven times- as numerous as they were theni. 'The I ewNlpeer'Press Dire. tory fodr 1870 contains' a comparison of tht present position of the! inewspaper press with what it was ind'1846. : In'hat yeair there° were published 551 jonrnls; of these 14 papers' were issued daily via., 12 in England nid'idtwo in Ireland. In,187'0there, are 1390 :papers, of.which no,:less than than .99.are issued daily. The magazines now in course bf publica tion, .ninoluding the : quarterly. reviews, number 626, of which 251 are' of a decidedly'roligious 'character r'epresent. ing the' COhuich of Eii'glahd, ' Wesleyiins, Methodists, Baptists, indeiipendents,'tnd other' Christian"communities. 