IMMIGRATION. -4 The following memorandum been handed us by the Secretary of the Board of Immigration, by order of the Board. Had we received it but one day earlier, some use to the benefit of the colony might have been made in our Summary for England. The memorandum says : By the mail, the Board of Immigration have received information from Mr. F. Buck, that the ship Victoria was expected to sail from Hamburgh, on the 20th April, for Hobart Town, with Immigrants. Mr. Buck forwards a list of passengers, whose berths were secured at the date of his letter, the 24th March, amounting to thirty-five males, thirty-seven females, and sixty-nine children. The Emigrants are, for the most part, of the agricultural class, and have all been very carefully selected. Mr. Buck anticipated that the Victoria would shortly be followed by other vessels, as the facilities afforded for emigrating to this colony were made known throughout the length and breadth of Germany, and a considerable interest had been already excited on the subject. Mr. Buck states that the inquires for his hand- book among the hardworking and industrious Jutlanders and Zealanders has induced him to undertake a translation into Danish, and he is now having impressions of two thousand printed in Copenhagen for distribution among the small farmers in those provinces. The head of the Geographical Institute at Gotha has expressed his willingness to publish a series of maps of Tasmania shewing the Geological features of the Island, the lands sold or leased, lines of internal communication, the Electoral, Municipal and Police Districts, with distribution of the population, and other matters of interest, and the Board of Immigration, at Mr. Buck's request, have directed the preparation of copies of Sprent's map containing all the information the Government can supply, in order to enable Dr. Peterman to carry out his design. The Board have also received the outline of Mr. Bevin's proposal respecting the emigration of associated bodies of Germans, and their settlement in communities in Tasmania. There are many features in the scheme which deserve careful consideration, but it requires that careful consideration before the system can either be accepted or rejected. ERRATUM-In awkward blunder crept into our first leader yesterday. Judge Francis, of Sydney, is made to say " he had had the opportunity of noticing ' how unusual circumstances, and especially difficulties, experienced in finding the way to the sea affected the appearance, but the lanky and big-headed fish before him was unmistakeable." The last sentence should have read thus " but the difference between the lanky and big-headed fish he had thus seen in Wales, and the one he had before him was unmistake- able." The next sentence " he used these words not in disparagement of the fish he handled, which he described according to its age as a comely and shapely specimen, not imperfect in any respect," should have read " he used these words not in disparagement of the fish handled in Wales, but in contrast to that before him which he described as, according to its age, a comely and shapely specimen, not imperfect in any respect." These mistakes are the more annoying that they would have destroyed our own argument, had not the absurdity of speaking of a " lanky big-headed fished as a comely and shapely specimen, not imperfect in any respect," been so self-evident. GLENORCHY MUNICIPALITY. In reference to the alleged suspension of the Council Clerk and Superintendent of Police, the Warden desires us to state that the Council allowed the officer a month's cessation from the duties of Superintendent of Police, to enable him to balance his accounts. We regret that our informant misled us. THE QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY. - We understand that it is contemplated to have three boat races at Kangaroo Point on the anniversary of the Queen's birthday. The first race will take place at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and will be for sailing boats under 20 feet in length. The second race will be for dingies under 16 feet in length, pulled single-handed, and the third race will be for boats not exceeding 16 feet in length,, with a coxswain and two oarsmen. UNION CHAPEL SAIIUATH SCHOOLS magic lantern exhibition, illustrative of the missionary cause, was given by Mr. Russell, in this school, Bathurst-street, on Wednesday evening last, in the presence of a large number of children and adults, who appeared highly delighted with the entertainment. Mrs. Russell presided at the harmonium, and during the evening several hymns were sung. At tho close of the exhibition, the proceeds from which are to be given to the missionary cause, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Russell for his services. WORKING MEN'S CLUB A concert was given yesterday evening by a number of amateur ladies and gentlemen in the Reading Room of the Working Men's Club, Liverpool-street. The room was well filled with the members of the Club, their wives and families, and visitors. Both vocalists and instrumentalists were cordially applauded. The Club Band played a variety of selections, among which were the March " Marie," the polka " Adriana," the cavatina from La Sonnambula, ' ' All is Lost and the waltz "Red and White Rose," all of which were pleasingly rendered. The pianist, Mr. James Brown, acquitted himself with his usual ability. THE ROSTER-The magistrate whose name appears on the roster for duty at the Police Court this morning, is George Salier, Esq. MR. WALTER DOUGLAS. This gentleman conducted divine service in the People's Hall, Bathurst-street, last evening. There was a large audience in the earlier part of the evening, and the services which were of the usual character, were protracted to rather a late hour, 