GKRMAN IMMIGRATION. The following memorandum appeared in tho Mercury ol Friday last :— By the mail, the Board of Immigration have 'received in formation from Mr F. Buck, that the ship Victoria was expected to sail from Ham burgh, on the 20th April, for Hobart Town, with immigrants. Mr Buck forwards a list of passengers, whose berths were secured at the date of his letter, the 24th March, amounting to thirty five males, thirty-seven females, and sixty nine children. The emigrants are, for the most part, of the agricultural class, and have all been very carefully selected. Mr Buck anticipated that the Victoria would shortly be followed by other vessels, as the facilities afforded for emigrating to this colony were made known throughout the length and breadth of Germany, and a con siderable interest had been already excited on the subject. Mr Buck states that the Inquiries for his hand-book among the hardworking and In dustrious Jutlanders and Zcalandcrs has In duced him to undertake a translation into Danish, and he is now having impressions of two thousand printed in Copenhagen for dis tribution among the small fanners In those provinces. The head of the Geographical Institute at Gotha has expressed his willingness to pub lish a series of maps of Tasmania showing the Geological features of the Island, the land sold or leased, lines of internal com munication, the Electoral, Municipal, and Police Districts, with distribution of the population, and other matters of interest, and the Board of Immigration, at Mr Buck's request, have directed the preparation of copies of Sprent's map containing all the information the Government can supply, in order to enable Dr. Petcrman to carry out his design. Tho Board have also received the outline of Mr Bevin's proposal respecting the emi gration of associated bodies of Germans, and thelr settlement in communities In Tasmania There are many features In the scheme which deserve careful consideration, but It requires that careful consideration before the system can either be accepted or rejected. Tue Quces's DililiiiiAV.— The Launco lon Vulunlter Artillery Corps will muster at the Volunteer Huildints at half-past ten to-morrow iMnriiiug, und under Ihe cominiilid of Cuptntu Ilnrran, march to the Windmill Hill with llR.itliinuziliTnnd at noon Ore a myuluilutu in !io:»ir of the anniversary uf Her Mnjraly'i Hlrtli-Jay. 'J'he member* cif ihe several Tints of the Injepen.lent Unicr of Ui-eJiaWteB will celebrate tbsir l«iu-- TcnineniiiH! Hull at 1 o'clock, uml lu.ireliinp us usual in procession throu^li ill*' ?Ircela of llio town,. The brethren unit llwlr fciuti* will Inke tea together lu the large li:ill uf the Merhauies1 Institute Those desirous of vialling I-ongford, clllii-f lo attiud tho races or otherwise, will hnve an opportunity of doiug su by special Iruin, to leave L3Uiicob(aii nt 10 a.m., and return al 4 p.m. Tlic cliarjro for return tickets will lie ? First class, 5d. CJ. ; second class, 4a. ; these nuiy be obtained during office hour* to-day, at th_' onta of Me.srd. Dvereudond llobb. No doubt Hie day will be observed as a general holiday, and I he customary amuse ments mid sports will be engaged iu. Mr John Mason, ofjlhe Caledonian Wine Vaults, advertises tlmt he will have the largest luiif ever made iu the colony, together with a round of bixf, for bis friends and customers, Tree of charge ; and a killoou will ascend from llie house at 4 o'clock p.m. Messrs. Hnrris aud Hyrons have nrrongud to run it cutivcynnce to tiic IjOllgford races, to leave the York Hotel at 9 n.m. ; fares there and liack, -it. CJ. Mr Hobcrts's annual soiree dan unite will luke plucc at his academy, York street, In Ibe evening. TiiLATUi: Hotal.— The dminr ' Time and und tlic Hour' is anulbcr exquisite work of art, forming a companion picture to llie draumtiBed version ol ' Ulael; Sheep.' They are dissimilar in many respects, but Ibc talc told iu each Is the same. The lnrgc-hcar.cd devotion, the utter abnegation of self, the intense love which a pure-minded womau en Icruiius for the uiati of her choice, even when such priceless qualities nre wasted on the basest aud most crime-laden of the opposite Bex i this is tlic subject the author bad In view. The plot, tlic incidents, the dialogue, are all produced lu illustration of the too fiu'ts— the selfishness of innu, his hcarllcai ness, cruelty, and cowurdly desertion of woman ; und the uuclnuigcablcncsg aud loyally of woman's love cicu for her base betrayer. In llie true conception of the author's incauing, and tiatnrul pourtrayul of such choiuclcrs, is Miss liatc Wardc's furtc. Tlic cliamcLur the nutltor csu oiilv dij])ict hy word ]-autfiig, Miss KjiIu Wuiiic produces alive and moving as naturally m the lujroiue of the piece could liavc trod iicr u-cur.rpath in life. Witli nu liurricd, m irni Ion* iiHurJ, but carefully, delibcralcly, steadily, mid fully, Miss Wnrtlc fllls in (lie dfluiU with a. id inu tenet.* which li-un-i. notliiug of flic author's story untoM. Not vehement Iv, but with subdued tiimiucr dois bhc paint her characters; I lie ititciibity of Ixr feelings arc only nicer mined by the tliangi of cadence in Ikt expressive voice, and tin fliuh df in Lull. gen i'u from mi intellectual, refined, iwd very fciiiii.iii'j euun.L'juuicu. Her liDpcrflouatiou of Marieu Ucck, U becdiid only to lint of Harriett Kuuth in ' Dim* Sheep.' The pun of l'hilip Daltou Uiu soi dUanl Sir I'UUip Devcccl, a most diffi cult character, wug ubly sustuiiKtl by Mr. which hu disowmid all prL-vioiiti acquaintance with his old chum, D.tu Mcdk-cult. was in imitable; and the gntlual breaking up of (he stern, strong, indotuitablCjeal Ions, guilty man, until worn dawn nilh Ihe nuigluiif bisguill, his crimes while walking ill a soiinumbulixlic tniuee, was pourtrayed with an abiiity, « force, and judgment which Mr llurion liu.l not nrcviouslv obtained crc.lit for, though his impersonation of tbc dissipated clerk ill 'I'raudand ils Victims;' Itas never been surpassed, bill it is a character in tlic very uitious, unscrupulous, villainy of l'hill|i llaltou. The part of Dan Medlicott, who looked up to Dullon udmhingly as u hero whose exaiuplc lie irould gladly follow if he could, was well sustained by llr J. J. llca wood. Mr Bromley made Hie most of Mr Gummy Brown, and Mrs l'alherley wusuulte iu her element ns Mrs J. Mutilgoinory liroivn, who witli her nervous husbaud, Guinmy Brown, was iu the pursuit of ?' Nobs,' or society under difficulties, and wbo;c troubles with the letter II were as great as ever were the-scof Mis Malaprop. The amateur Detective Sparrow, the banker's clcrk.was tolcrahlywcll performed by llr 1'. l.luy.l, but it would have presented rather more of reality had lie played more to the company and less to the pit — addressed luosc he was speaking loinore frequently than the few gods in tbc gallery, aud endeavoured lo believe a little iu the gcnuiticticss ef the occurrences in Ibc plot, instead of treating Ibein with the levity suitable to a farce. Mr l.loyd possesses BOtnc ability, aud with care will make a good utility man, but he will not advance by ul tciupling to do, by illegitimate means, rather too mucb. Miss Julia Harwanl personated ' Lucy Fairfax' rather insipidly, mid ilid nol claim for that young lady so much brilliancy of wit as the dramatist intended to endow her with. ' Time aud the Hour' was performed for the third and last time on Satunlsy night, and this eveniug tlie grand nnd gor geous burlesque, ' The Fluid of the Cloth of Gold,' will be produced for the first time in LawccbIoh. All the popular music of tbc day, dances, breakdowns, &c.;, will be intre. duced into tbis piece, being specially arranged by Mrs Croflou rathcrlry, Associate of the llnyal Academy of Music. Miss Kate Wurde undertakes the character K:irl of Da rulcy; Mrs Croflou I'allierley that of Queen Katharine; Anne Holcyu (maid of honor), Miss Seymour; Lady Constance dc li rey (a w ard in Chancery, Miss Julia Ilanturd; lluce de la Foil gild Kmlle, Hiss Stanley and Miss Grey. To morrow evening, the domestic drama, adapted from Charles Dickens' universally read Christmas carol, the 'Cricket on the Ueartb,' will be produced, Miss Ivute Wardc per sonating (Culeb't blind daughter), Berth I Caleb l'lununcr, Mr Tom llurtou. The L.V.A. Silver CUM.LU10E Cur.— The eleventh competition for the L.V.A. silver challenge cup will commence at the ride butts on Wednesday and he completed on Saturday next. The squads will fire us millet- ..—Wednesday, 43lh lust., 316 p.m.— T. J. Doolau, T. S. CliitlT, T. l'rospor, ]?'. Holy, F. Martini, W, Hunt. Saturday, 26th inst., 3-11 p.iii.— G. Shields, T. U. Webb, J. Hcl.l, 11. 13. Dcekcs, J. Gurr, It. lerrall. Mouvkk AomciiLTin«L Sociktv — A tea meeting in old of the funds of the above Boclcly will lake place to*morrow, ut 4 p.m.t In the Exhibition Mulldtag at Krandalc ; an ' in the evculng there will be an exhibition of the magic lantern, interspersed with music, in the Council Chamber. The charge for admission to cither of the entertainments, will be one shilling ; children half price. Couimal jEMEi.Ltcnv.— We were shown ou Salurday, at the shop of Mr Allen, Bris bAUc- slrcut, a mogniflccnl pair of car-drops manufactured lately in Mclbourne,of Fiindcr's lriand diamonds and Tosmanlan gold. Tho stones arc large, and beautifully cut, their lustre being fully equal to that of the Uncut brilliants. Mr Allen has also some rings .act with the Minder's Island topaz, which sire well worth tlic attention of those Interested in tbc development of the riches hidden among the islands In the Straits. 1'miodicm.s IlEcmvEn.-ro.nianitiii /« dependent, Taimuian Catlwtw Standard i nnd by the mail, Tniluner's American and Oriental Literary Jiecord. Gi:m;hai. Tom Tuuan akd Tnoutj — General Tom Thumb, accompanied hy his ivifc, Mrs. Charles Slratlou, Commodore N'ult, and Mrs. Slrulton's sister, Miss Aliunie Warren, four nf the smulli'st hi lies mid gcu llemi-ueuT pruJureJ, will arrive here on Fri.l.iylicxlhythc'1'.S.N.Ci mpauy'J aluuniT Tumar, mid v. ill nii.lii- Ili.-ir Ur-t upi'e.iniiR-. liefore a Tasmanlau nudicin.-u in il,r ' ---i 1 of tlie Mechanic's Institute, nt lime «VH ™ Saturday njhnoon. These world-ividc cele brities arrive 1 at Melliourui-, from Ceylon, aliotil tin- im Ule of IVbruury hil, ami their nx-cpllon there wu» :is uiihuilutlc ns llie, c inld ileflre. Thi- quartette of dlsHnpulsbf,! individuals ure tin- mine whose prcsi-nee »t liniee Church, New Vork, on the Huh ol February, 1801, convulsed tiiat city, and shook it to Ils rr-iitro willi excitement. On lliat day General Tom Thumb espoused bis wife, a lady of corri'spon liujr size, as at tlie dale of lur uuriiafc, being ii years of age, she only measured Mill, in height, utid weighcd'liut 201b. All New Vork crowded to witness Hie speelacl.', the effect of which was brightened by the presence ns brides maid und grooiiHiiiiin of Miss Warren, the bride's slslcr, then 17 years old, 21in high, aud v.-ulgliiug Itllli., and of 'Commo- dore' (George Washington Morrison) Null, then 19 years old, standing 2'Jin. in high boots, and weighing It (Ib. The General was bom at llridt'ouortb. Connecticut, U.S., in 1838, and is consequently 32 years old, though when only seven, the accomplished Baruuin Introduced him to tbc enlightened British and Kuropcan public as a mature grntlcnmu of 19 years. Her Majesty Queen Victoria and her lloyal Consort Albert the Good paid marked attention to Hie General, who has been introduced to most, if not all tbc Crowned heads in ISunijw. Mr Barnum in introducing ibis unequalled yuar(c(lc of Rracc and beauty in diamond edition lo the world, sui'l tbat—' llouust health, beauty, Brace, auply combine! in them.' Since Ihe General's marriage, Ibe Iroupe have visited England, and iu 1805 again appeared before tbc Queen at Windsor Castle. They re lumed lo America, and stirted last year on their present farewell lour round the World. Tbey crossed tlic North Atnerii-.iu Continent, appearing before Ilriglmm Voung at Utali.nt well as affording infinite surprise to Hie tribes of friendly Indians who came lo sec tliem. At San Francisco tbey vterc welt re ceived, mid have since visited with great financial success Japan, Shanghai, Moug Kong, Macao, Singapore, 1'enaug, and Cey lon. At the latter place they mode a great ictisalion.aniHaringln costumes which, with jewellery, tire said to Iliivc cost fil],Ooodols., and the Cingalese of all classes were wild lo sec thorn. Since their arrival iu Melbourne, the appearance of Gcuernl Tom Thumb's tty tlic Commodore's eldest brother, himself of a very small Bizc, created much excite ment. Tlic carriage and pouics are to be impor.cd for their use here, and nu under stand they will drive across Ihe colony to ilobart Town in their own biiroucbc, and thus Ik' quite liiilependuil of Mr I'uge'B coachc. Will the Government hate Ibc heart to levy an 1-nport duty or an inlund revenue carriage tax on Tom Thumb's carriage r Tlmt re will positively only perform here T days, next Salurdny included, and will afterwards pro ceed to Ilohnil Town, performing at some of the principal towns ra route. Mails pun bei.U'11 Wi Hax Fhancisco. — llnils for Honolulu, Kan lY.meisi-0, und F.nglnuJ uill be made up at the l'osl Office for intlisminiiul by steamer Wongn Wonga, un.br e.mlme; with Hie New Zealand Go vernment, lo s:iil from Sydney on tlie 26lh inal.— lucloi'j ut tlio IdJlluMuli I'ost Odloi', at 5 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 2-lth inst., for despatch liy Ibe slvamei' City of llohart 10 Sydney. Hales of postage f jr'lellers, packet., mid newspapers, Is. per half-ounce. lA-tters addressed to the Continent of Europe niusl hear, in addition, Hie usual foreign postage. SoiKix !)M«im.-Mi llohcrU will give bis annual eoirce dausatite itt bis musical acadamy, Vork-str'Cl, to-tnorrow evening — Her Majesty's Birlh-day. Dancing will cojnucncc nt balf-piist 8 p.m. ; an efficient quadrille baud will be provided. 