THE Government may be fairly congratulated upon the prudent course which they have steered in amending the Immigration Regula- tions, so as to give as little offence as possible to tha extreme anti-immigration party. And the more so because it is well known that no inconsiderable section of the Cabinet is in favor of largely augmenting our population from without The class of immigrants which will be now invited to Victoria are just the set of persons we require in a country, where cultivation is making rapid strides, and a large increase of manufactures judged that it is highly improbable colonists woould send for their friends and relatives, unless they had in their eye some certain employment for the the expected arrivals. It is from the country districts that the demand for more population comes chiefly, for it is there where the value of reliable labor is thoroughly appreciated. The majority of .from servants and harvest-men area migra- tory and uncertain class of men, of no settled habits, and much given to gipsying when the fit takes them. A digging, roving life has in great measure unfitted them for the steady grind of the farm. They will, with scarcely a day's warning, leave their employ- ment and swoop down upon a new rush, where, if their luck be good, they will remain for months together, perfectly regardless of over-ripe crops or potatoes rotting in the ground. For some time, therefore, we may expect male immigration to be mainly con- fined to steady men who can be relied upon not to be led away from their employment by rumors of nuggets, rich quartz reefs, and high rates of labor elsewhere. As to the other sex, despite all Mr E. Cope and Mr Longmore may say to the contrary, good house servants are sadly wanted in the colony ; not only because there is a constant demand for faithful, active; willing, and intelligent domestics, but also because the pick of them become so soon absorbed into the ranks of the future mothers of the colpny. It maybe a matter of regret, to the Argus and some of the non-English Euro- pean settlers in Victoria that no eneourage- fcent is held out in the regulations to the im- portation of Swiss and German girls. Still as we have before pointed out, it would be manifestly unfair to select a handmaiden who had the good fortune to be born on the French side of the Alps in preference to one who first saw the light on the other side of the great dividing range. In the same way we might ask what superior claims upon our consideration has the German over the Danish servant girl ? They both have, the character of being equally clean, frugal, in- dustrious, docile, and handy, and our little Dane has the. additional advantage of a more prepossessing appearance. This is, of course a matter of taste : but such at any rate is our opinion, although the Danish girls are by no means all Alexandras in point of personal attractions, whatever they may be in domestic vitues. Wisely, there- fore, do we think the Government have acted in making no invidious distinctions, If your German, French, Swedish, Danish, or Italian colonist is really anxious to in- troduce his own countrywomen into Vic- toria why he will have to pay a little extra for the luxury. That is all. At a period of such general depression it would have been unwise in the extreme to have in any way leant a willing ear to the wholesale deportation elique in London, of whom Mr Edward Wilson seems to be the is tone and mimde it wifloome Tjtaforapidly WPth-i»At,iwEseiit firearrival ofhotMrpife of thousand able-bodied men in'bne week would bnrden taxed fir nation. Asa-proof fthwonefeto'thi! statement madoSfc.hyJtemobe of tfafii crmtitictOrs fr>r:ithe.hforthastern ty wraryubit ofwork jmafoJoqaMldo for the next tixjmprfhaJtehfcjaghi > applicants, , J bablybe largely roareaeed,-n8 ioohC&Qhi; , from, the country. For our mines there is no ffifiicalryin procuring a smHcieiit number of etncieni workmen, nor is there likely, to be. so long at least as the present heavy doud hangs: over the leading industry of the colony. Of mechanics there are enough and to spare for all the wort required and even if the Colibsn water scheme were to be begun <£e note. as we firmly believe it win have to" be to beebme a success, we would guarantee plenty of labor to be forthcoming.' and this too with out . affecting . the general scale of wages throughout the colony, hor must it he for- gotten, in considering foe immigration question, that there are a large number of active and enterprising Victorians now half- < starving in New Zealand, who are only waiting an opportunity of returning to the 'eoimitay which they bitterly -regret having left. r It is .not. worthy while to regard seriously the- elaborate calculations .of American statists as to tire exact value in dollars of each ad alt immigrant to that vast continent. We in" Victoria' are quite . dif ferently situated. In tire United States foereis always a market easy of access for nti kihds of produce, whereas in Vicioria. against fifty navigable rivers almost all the year round we havenot one' to show, and our -railway freights are so high as to be almost, prohibitive for goods intended for export. As a matier of abstract political economy popu lation is to be encourged in half-developed countries, but in exceptional- cases like our own to flood the colony with all sorts and conditions of men and women ' would be simply madness . The laws of supply and demand will as sorely afiect the population of Australia as they do tire commercial relations of the -world.' And it is no use to foster immigration at the. expense of the present inhabitants, the majority of whom are in far poorer circumstances .-than they were some years ago. Bendigo appears to be almost the only really flourishing com- rhunity in the colony just -now. - It- there fore becomes absolutely necessary for the welfare of the State that no attempt should be made at present to force immigration. Quite enough new blood will continue to flow in by the assisted principle for all our wants for some time to come. But there is a class of immigrants much -required, but whom we cannot expect to get unless a line of powerful steamers be es tablished to do the voyage in fifty days or something under. These are industrious, frugal 'married couples, and tingle men with a litde money saved, of whom the males are good farmers or mechanics or tradesmen, and the women good managers of a house hold, all able and willing, to cast in their lot with us, and turn, their attention to what ever may teem to present the best opening — persons with no JE1 Dorado dreams of sudden wealth, but sober, quiet dozens, ac customed to tax-paying, and to . do their duty in that station in life to which it may have pleased Providence to call them. The slow Railing ship does not offer sufficient in ducement to such as these to cut their con nection with the mother country, and begin, life afresh at the 'Antipodes. But if they could, as ihey would were the Cape line of steamers subsidised, make the. voyage in fifty days, and for, say, £12 apiece, the terror of the long sea passage would be banished, and it would seem but a' pleasure trip to pass from the old world to the hew. ' Upon -this head, Sir James M-Culloch was scarcely explicit enough, although he declared his sympathies to be with, the establishment of such a line of steamers. Isext session it is to be hoped a practical beginning will be made, and that. before the .year is out a contract will have been entered into for the supply of such a service as will suit the convenience of l»th comers and goers. By that time the mining interestwill in all probability hayeprred .that fipnritheS; all jO&er; pursuits, are cor>-: respondingly advantaged. . r!' " "-. :z "Jbadiflcnasioo on the Immigration rote termi nated in the Assembly oa Tuesday evening, when the rote was agreed to by 49 to 12. It is stated, by a Melbourne paper, that oat of the 4000 jnseage warrants which the vote will cover,' 2i3S hayealready been applied far. , iA meeting of the executive, committee of file Geeiong and Western District Bail way Extension league was held yesterday, at the Town Ball, Geeiong. A report from the travelling secretary, -Mr Nixon, was read, enclosing subscriptions, and detuning the great success of the agitation at the various townships along the . rente. . A circular was read, intended for distribution amongst the landholders along the proposed blade line, »«Vin; tiurt they would :afarngtlKn the bands of the league by signing and returning an agreement to allow the railway to be carried through their pro perty without charge tor the land, and pointing out that such would materially affect their chance as against the Ararat llne, which would pass mainly through Grown lands. A draft petition was also adopted for distribution through the TsriooE local committees already farmed, in order to have signatures attached for presentation to Parliament in favor of the line. It appeared that ! with one exception the extensive landholders, with whom Mr Nixon held interviews, have con sented to give the reqniaite land free. . Threatening language is becoming qnite the rage in Btlluit Yesterday morning two dis tinct cases cropped up in the Eastern Police Court The fret was that of a man named Denis Blake, who. threatened to Ml his wife, hnt as she did not press tiie charge be was let off with a caution; and in the second, the hero was a Chinese who had threatened to cut the throat of a U" Ned dry, but as the last-named lady had been mating.-too many visits to the Chinese Camp the prisoner was discharged. The Bnngaree Ploughing Match will come off '.onMr .Q'MaMey > ton, by.BarryJBeate's Swamp. -The prizes offered are libersl, and as a number of entries have been received, there will In passing through that Stnrt street gardes in which stands the sow historical rotnnda we, the other day, noticed a number pt mounds, and being not oblivious of -the gallant .' defence of the gas meter lately undertaken by Actmg-Cbptalna.Musgrovp.and Johreon, natur ally concluded that some fresh movement of the temperance army had necessitated the throwing up of earthworks to protect the sacred-shrine from possible occupation. Judge of our disap- poinfment 'oa "yesterday observing a common-1 plafce gardener spreading the heaps- of what, after all, were hut vulgar roadscrapingB, as a fertiliser, over the, otherwise .barren borders. The romance of war was gone in a moment. On enquiring at the Hospital ' last' nigtit ' we learnt that James Eianaagan — the man who' sprained his leg while saving his life by jumping from one of the upper windows of the Soldi era' Hill hotel yesterday morning, while the' fire wae raping below— was getting on favorably, and would soon be discharged. A little fellow named William Bedford, a resi dent of Dead Hone, and jmly nineftyears old, thathe was drivingscolt away fromamao who It "tvas 'following, "Wren the former , suddenly kicked out and produced tiie injury refereed io. a mile on the Creswick tide of the Spring Hilt turnpike, they saw man on horseback coming along at toll gallop.' Mr Farater, who was driv ing, instantly drew on one side to svoid a collision, hot the rider rnsHed on, seeming determined to. try bbnclnsions with' the buggy. The resnlt was that toelnod jwheel. caught bis knee. And after reeling in hia saddle for shout fifty yards he fell to the ground, roaring out that Ms leg was broken,- and iiuplmiugthe ucoipauls of the togry to take him to the hospital. After a-ddof more than half an hour a good Samaritan hp vein right -with Stoooreyinbe/ tosrhltk -tba vrnnnded man conld be placed at toll length. The driver of the trep kindly took out hid toad, msdafter proeuringepme pillowe from a persoo living near,1 got the appa- rently damaged indivHdal.comfortablyplaced.and was aeklugyrfm haw he--ftit -now,',when giiddtely be-btokwgged vi£s' j(unped x>, anwjth as fjfXh wjahted to.Mow.whae (hey were jtoklng him to, juuipeajwitof the cart, mounted hishorse, and rode off uit agaliop, gr(itly to the aathntihihcnt of the ttn or a dozen sympathisers who had by that time collected «Tti»eal>ot, A EtrionB accidatt happened to a miner named Peler O'Brien on Wednesday at the north shaft of : he Climes Company. It appear® that pumps were being lowered abonttievei are , sad O'Brien wae standing on a ladder about 125 feet from the bottom, guiding the pumps, as supposed, when he whs struck by aw of ffiwm In its descent and knocked into the well. The other men having called to O'Brien, and meeting with no response, immediately went in search of bim, and after some delay found him in the well nearly drowned. Wbeo brougbtto the surfsceO'-Srien was found to be Insensible, and respiration subtended. Dr Robinson was promptly in attendaobe, and used every remedy to restcre consciousness, and after about an hour some slight signs of vitality were apparent. Dr Robinson is' unremitting In hie at tentions, but wry little hopes of the unfortunate man's ultimate recovery are entertained. O'Brien baa beat married about twelvemonths, but has no family. Sisce the above was in type we have "ree ired a telegram fofm ourphmes correspon dent announcing thai tiie unfortunate man lie died. The galvanic battery was applied, bnt with- ontuucoess.3 About 150 members of the 1st and 3rd B.V.B , -accompanied by the let Band, -turned out last night, and aftw the customary parade and drill, returned to the orderly room at about cine o'clock, when Major W. C. Soaitb stated fihat a proposi- tion Sir toe establisbment of a benefit fund would he submitted to them, and he begged that as many as possible would remain. After having been diemlsuJj whwp twenty members made .for the . 'door, whereupon the major said that all might go if they eked, as .the fzrad. was far toe benefit, sja -of tiie officers, bid the men. Upon this tiie rest remained, and Captain Mns- jwow a from which we' gathered the following:— Several collections had from time to" time been made for sick members of the' force, and one so later than the previous week.' - To do awiiy with thiq sortof tiling be (Captain Mus- grore) proposed that an accident, illness, widows' .and funeral .fund should he -organised by the members. The scheme set forth that, if the 360 members of tiie 1st and 3rd paid each but three half pence per week, and 2s. 6d entrance fee, together with the entrance tees and weekly pay ments of say 25 recruBs.to qk& corps, the reeu.lt .would he some A123 per annum. .In the event of .two deaths occurring in each year (a high estimate, for the previous death rate had not bites one per year), this sum would give A15 for each funeral, £28 to each widow, or Other surviving relative, .mid leave a balance of ever £53 for allowances in case of illness. A payment of 3d per week would of course double uall results — save the deaths. Persons who already belonged to other- benefit societies shonld in case of flioess draw their al lowances all the same. It was proposed that all officers should be ex officio members of the committee, and that all office bearers, excepting medical men, should gire their services gratui tously. Major Smith thought that Captain Mnsgrove was entitled to the best thanks of the several corps for the trouble he had taken in the affair. On the motion of Private Bnrke, seconded by Corporal M'latyre, it was agreed that a fond should be organised ou the basis of Captain Hargrove's suggestions. Three-half-paice per week bang considered so mnch """ than the payments made by members of any other benefit societies, it wss arranged that the sum sheuld be threepence. The following were then appointed members of a provisional committee: — No. 1 Corps — Sergeant Saddler, Sergeant- Mai 0 c Kildahl, Sergeant Terry, and Bandmaster Ellis; No. 3 — Bandmaster Neebitt, .Sergeant -Gatliffe, Corporal M'lntyre; end Sergeant Hayes. Ser geant Sbacklock and Sergeant White were elected hon. secretaries The other officers were thai chosen as follows :—Pctroo , Col. Bede; pre sident, Major Smith; vice-president, Captain Sleep; treasurer, Major Smith; medical officers, Drs. Whrtcombe audHfllas. In publishing the insolvency of Mr J. A. Wilson yesterday, it should have been stated that fhe liabilities were chiefly to the banks, covered at the time advances were -made by mining secu rities of considerable more market value than they represented. The assets too, small though they look, "have no connection with the scrip deposited.. ... James OoBudly, landlord 'ot the Thistle Inn, Geeiong, noted as a resort for had characters, was arrested on bis premises last night, on a warrant, charged with stealing £12 from foe person of "one of his customers named Luke Borne, who dis covered his loss oa awakening from a drunken sleep. Part of tiie money was returned to the prosecutor after threats held out to the prisoner. It is suggested that fhe officials in charge of -tiie Post : Office vans oa the railways should be empowered to sell stamps — a very usefnl sugges tion.. - , The Argot, with regard to toe statement that the services of Mr Higinbothsm, Mr Aspinall, and Dr Dobson had been retained by Mr Reynolds, the solicitor for the defence, states tbat the three learned gentlemen named have most kindly and generously placed their professional services at given -witbouffee. or reward. The unavoidable expenses of foe defence will be pud by a private subscription among the nnhappy . prisoners bretbias of tfcs long robe Atid'of- iffm" "pre®, to gether wifo a. few private friends. i A Chinaman was admitted into the Mary borough Hospital, onFriday last, io a most wretched condition ifrumidisbue read. exposure. The local journal states tbat the European who conveyed him to the institution, at the request of some Chinese, found him lying in a miserable mia- mia, on one of the old leads, suffering frightfully from exposure and in a. very low .state..,. His countrymen seem" to have left him almbst unc&red; for, being afraid of -the approach of death, and 'they desired the draymen, in case the hospital should reject the victim, to cart him into the bush at ' the Alma, throw him out like a heap of rubbish, and -then leave hhu -tohiB fate. Tbeir inbu-nan directions,. bo werer needed no execu tioner other than death itself, which cut off the poor waif of mortality two or three hours after his'adeussiou.-iato:. tiie cliarity; His -namekraa Yew Sue, and the . approximate cause of death inflammation of the liver. Yesterday's Telegraph writes:— Mr Butters put forward a statement in the Assembly on Tuesday evening to prove-that toe destitution said to wirf in Ba'larat from want of employment was some what exaggerated. He stated that some time ago toe miners employed in toe Hope claim, Wood's Point, struck work rather than submit to a re duction of 5s per week on tbeir wages. Twenty men were sent fortoBallarat, and th=ir travelling expenses were paid to Wood's Point. On arriving there, instead of taking the work, the waot of which they had bemoaned forrsome time, Vhey each took a earn' of "money given " them by the local strike committee, and departed for the scene of their former sufferings and misery. Prom toe same papyr we learn that a subscrip tion .list has beat opened by the Bere. biases Biutcd "and M. Goldstein, for 'the purpose 'of relieving the fearful distress now ragiog in the 'Holy land. Throughout England, and on the Contiseut of Europe, . large some- have already been -collected, and we dotifct oottfomr 'po- religionists in Melbourne will not be behind their other brethren throughout titugsorld. A perusal of toe letter addressed by Sir Moses Montefiore to the British Board of Deputies will convince any person that the case is one of urgent necessity. / The ckarges brought by a Mr Wilson against Mr Cope, MT„A , are sufficiently recent to be still before tiie public mind, and it will therefore, be of iotcrtst to know that Mr Wilson Was ou Tnesj day arrested by Detectives Hartneyand Daly, on warrant, accused of lunacy. He was immediately taken before Mean Start and Call, P.MV, and on the evidence of Dr goyd and Dr B!ck, he was committed fo the Yarr Bend .as a . lunatic. ; Far some time past (adds foe JEelegrjapli) /the man has been a perfect nuisance. at some., of toe departr meats. The", fffiief ..Secretary, the Attoraeyf 'General, "the "Minister of - lands, and in fact nsariy every jmonber bf the . Cabinet has been annoyed by him for. some time, and at Ixst he threatened .to shoot fonte' members of the Min- istry. Am he appeared, to, be, becoming danger- ohs, it was tbonght advisable that he should be placed under restraint, and hence foe action taken TSbftJrtber action" (writaa the Age) has yet bean taken by the G Dvernmen t with reference to the report of ton board of Anquiry,.lnto the lafo Footacray collision. Jt ia Trnderatood,. however, that foa derision arrived at will neceptitote the ranoral ofat least two of foe qffiperpjof the de. _partment fo subordinate positions, if not in their abeoiute dismissal. ) "Mr Severn having arrived at one conriusion re> garding the great Melbourne telescope. It arm be satisfactory (says the Telegraph) to the public to learn that the board of visitors, wbich include Professor" Wilson, KA; the Re v. Dr Bromby, Mr Waberforee 6tfohen, M.A; Opt Ear, BJ8< P.R.S ; Commander A. J.'Smith, Biff.; Com? mander Amsinck, RJJ.; nod Mr Moore, M.A have'arrived at oae quile oppoeate: Tu 'a report whi'.h was submitted to Parliament on Tuesday night, they point out tost theCassegrain principle 1 was adopted in deference to toe opinion of titi leadingaEtronomfos of toe mother conntry, and they record their reasons for .stating that for Ate proper woi k the telescope is " admirably suited." : Tbe SrieS -Cknimnttee dn "Pedreation met on Tuesday (saysihe Argot) for the third time since its appdintinebt,' "and tranfescted a good deal of business.-: WeOodeeZtondJEbat it is 'foe intention of the Government to convert the Eeteet jDmfo mitteeintoa Boya! Comm i»ion (consisting of the Bme«nembeiB), ldrii will sit dnring tbe .reoeaa, and will probably be ready with their report for ' toe ensuing session, pt tiie new Parliament, as tba cone may he. " ' It Is serionstv stated in the Bexdia? Jadtpexdent tost on Monday afternoon a mau who, fond of his belly, paid a visit to the oyster stall -in the Lyceum passage, partook of no less than sixteen doz»n of the bivalves, besides (eating a pound of raw beefsteak Judge Rogers has obtained twelve months' leave -of absence, end intends proceeding to England. It does net seem probable (remarks the Telegraph ) that any immediate successor wi.l be appointed; bnt in the ereai of its hang found desirable, either SaSge Mncnboy qv JudgeSkmnrev as the most experienced in mining law, will be transferred to the Baliarat district to perform the important duties in connection with the Court or Mines. The Bexdiao Advertiser .Ieuns that Messrs Christ op hereon aod"Rhvkspere,Wf the Water. .De partment; are on a visit of - iospection to the works 'at Malmshuiy. The Mallnsbury tower -wfii.it is understood, be closed about .next ' Wed nesday week for the purpose of conserving the water in the reservoir. The following f— No"i« of a murder com mitted among the .blacks at Eut Charlton has been faniidwd to the Biglewood Adeertiscz — Os Saturday evening last, whilst a number of blacks «« regaling themselves .with grog in their camp, near the bridge at East Chariton, a quarrel ensued, when one of them, Jacky or Johnny Edwards struck a inbra named Jenny several blows ou the bead with a tomahawk, wbich killed hw tin uutcd -constable Elliot happened . to be in But Charitou at the time the muster was committed, and apprehended Edwards and brought him to the Wedderbnni lockup on Sunday morn ing, and again returned to East .Chariton 'along with Mr Joseph Mbrecroft, of the .Wedderbnni hotel, with a conveyance to fetch the body of the murdered woman to Wedderburu, for toe purpose of holding aa inquest, three Dot being a sufficient number of male residents at East Chariton to form a jury- B Is also reported that Edwards inflicted eereral wound on a bUckfellow . doling .the row, but the nature or extent of which I have not learned. We have the best authority for stating, saya the Portland Gaardian, that in the event of a vacancy io the -representation of Portland, Mr Richmond Henty, a local gsitiemaa, fs prepared to come forward as a candidate. \- At is meeting held at Sale, ou Saturday, f per- . sons interested in introducing Iitjwu' trout from Tasmania, for fhe purpose of Etoriring the Gipps land rivers, it was derided to write immediately to the chairman of the Taxmsxiian Salmon 'Com missioners, requesting tbat a supply of ova might be placed at the disposal of the Gipps Land Commit- tee, whose intention it was to raise foe necessary funds, and m&kc; preparation for the reception of the same. Another of those atrocfons outrages (saya the Kgneion Guardian), the frequent occurrence of .which are each a disgrace to the colony, was com mitted at Glenhope, near Kyneton, on Sunday morning. Abont ten o'clock the children of Mr Peter Campbell, a small settler, residing near Mr Adair's form, were playing some four or fire hun dred yards distant from toe house, when a man on horseback came riding towards then, and told them he was Power, the bushranger. The chil dren ran away, bnt the ruffian dismounted and caught hold of the eldest, a girl little more than ten yean of age, upon whom he perpetrated a capital offence, and after threatening her re mounted his horse and rods away. The father was absent at the time, hut on his return was ap prised of the outrage, and he and several of the neighbors scoured the neighborhood in search of the scoundrel. Ou Mosdsy morning a mac named John H'Dennott, whose description tallied with that given by toe child, was found by toe father at a public- bouse ut Baynton, given in charge to the police, and lodged |n . toe-jay neton lockup in the evening. The girl could not ..identify the man, bnt expressed herself positive as to the horse which he was priding. M'Dermott su brought before the Kyneton bench on Tuesday morning, and remanded for a week. . At the Theatre Royal last night - the pro gramme of Tuesday evening was reproduced with toe addition of tbe " Model of a Wife," toe parte in which were successfully taken by Mr Stewart and" the other members of tbe company. To night Mr Charles Mathews takes his benefit, when we hope-to see such a house sis will prove alike satisfactory from a monetary point of view and a slight acknowledgment of his peculiar talent aa a highly polished comedian. Tbe characters he will impersonate are Mr Affable Hawk) in " The Game of Speculation," and Mr Gatberwool, in the comedy of that name. Another attraction in fhe programme is "The Bonnie Fishwife," a comedy in which Miss Juno daring a previous visit to Baliarat achieved no small amount of sncoess, and in which she will agaia appear; 