SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. In last month's summary for England it was stated that within a few days there must be a change of Ministry or a dissolution of the Assembly. The former event has taken place. When the March mail left, a resolution direct- ing the Government to take back and revise their Estimates, so as to bring them more in accordance with the probable revenue for the year, had been carried. The motion was osten- sibly brought forward as a friendly one, and actually accepted in that light by the Ministry, yet, after it was agreed to, the refusal of the House to agree that on the next day of meet- ing it would resolve itself into committee of supply showed that something far more serious was contem- plated. Accordingly, when the Assembly met, on Tuesday the 29th March, it was observed that Mr. Macgregor, who had moved the resolution relative to the revi- sion of the Estimates, and who had for- merly supported the Ministry, had crossed the chamber and taken his seat upon the Opposition side. This was only signifi- cant of what followed. Not receiving a satisfactory reply to a question relative to the intentions of the Government, Mr. Macgregor, after some preliminary skir- mishing, moved an amendment on the motion that the House go into com- mittee to consider certain resolutions relative to the public expenditure, sub- mitted by the Chief Secretary, to the effect that the Estimates of the Ministry having been found untrust- worthy, the longer retention of office by the Government would be unconsti- tutional. The debate was brief, though personal and acrimonious. The divi- sion took place the same night, and left the Ministry in a minority of 8, the amendment being carried by a majority of 34 to 26. The House then ad- journed until the Thursday following, and when it reassembled on that day Mr. Macpherson announced that the Government had resigned, and that His Excellency had placed himself in com- munication with Mr. Macgregor. Some little surprise was occasioned by this statement, as it was generally sup- posed that the Ministry would have asked for and obtained a dissolution. It has, however, since transpired that the Cabinet was divided against itself, and that its several members had no confi- dence in each other. Mr. Cohen, the Commissioner of Customs, in conse- quence of something which had taken place a short time previously, sent in his resignation to the Chief Secretary, and positively refused to withdraw it. The majority of the Ministry were dis- satisfied with their law officers, and the consequence was that Mr. Mac- pherson declined to go to the country with such a team, and tendered to the Governor his own resignation, together with those of his colleagues. No doubt the late Chief Secretary would like to have reconstructed his Cabinet, and then to have gone to the country, but without risking a refusal it was well known that however disposed His Excellency might be to grant a dissolution to his late advisers, he would not at once grant one to a new Ministry that had never met Parliament. This, then, was the position : Mr. Macpherson would not face the country with his old colleagues, he could not go with new ones, and, therefore, the only alternative was the resignation of the old Ministry. After some days spent in negotia- tions Mr. Macgregor was compelled to abandon the task entrusted to him by the Governor, who then again called in Mr. Macpherson, and acting on his advice subsequently sent for Mr. M'Culloch. Mr. M'Culloch ac- cepted the commission to form an Ad- ministration, and afterwards saw Mr. Macpherson, who, after some negotia- tions and some little delay, agreed to accept office under Mr. M'Culloch. The result was that on Friday, the 8th of April, it was announced in both Houses of Parliament that a new Administra- tion, consisting of the following gentle- men, had been formed :—Mr. M'Culloch, Chief Secretary; Mr. Francis, Treasurer; Mr. Michie, Attorney- General ; Mr. Wrixon, Minister of Justice ; Mr. Mac- pherson, President of the Board of Land and Works; Mr. Wilson, Minister of Railways; Mr. Mackay, Minister of Mines; Mr. Bates, Minister of Public Works; and the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, of the Legislative Council, Commis- sioner of Customs. The reading of the names of the new Ministry caused some surprise, and a good deal of ill-feeling, amongst the members of the Assembly. The mem- bers of the tail of the old M'Culloch party were filled with vexation which they could not conceal at finding that in the new arrangement they had been en- tirely ignored, and Mr. Macpherson's old colleagues were annoyed at his having joined Mr. M'Culloch. The new Ministry has, however, been generally accepted by the country as a great improvement upon any that have preceded it for some time past, and a very decided proof of the favour with which it is regarded has been given by the return, without op- position, of the whole of its members, with the exception of Mr. Michie, the Attorney-General. Mr. Michie, at the time of the formation of the Ministry, had no seat in the House, but Mr. James, one of the members of the Assembly, has since re- signed, and Mr. Michie has been invited by a numerously signed requisition to come forward in his place. Mr. Michie has accepted the invitation. The nomi- nation is fixed for Monday next, and there is no probability of any opposition. Mr. M'Culloch, in the selection of his new Ministry and in a variety of other ways, has indicated that he has had quite enough of the absurd quarrels which for so long a time have distracted the attention of public men and entirely stopped all practical and beneficial legisla- tion. He has now a magnificent opportu- nity of doing really good work for the colony in promoting the development of its resources, and the fact that he has excluded from his Ministry men of such ultra opinions as Messrs. G. P. Smith, G. V. Smith, and Vale, is accepted as an indication that he will do his utmost to avoid those errors which so dis- astrously marked his former career as Chief Secretary. The course taken by Mr. Macpherson has been very adversely criticised by a small portion of the press, but the fact seems to have been overlooked that the late Chief Secretary was never opposed to the general political opinions of the chief he has now joined. He objected, as did a considerable portion of the Assembly, to some of the col- leagues with whom he associated him- self, and also to his unconstitutional conduct in going outside Parliament to select a Commissioner of Customs. It was these two circumstances combined that led to the fall of the last M'Culloch Administration. They, however, no longer exist. It must also be remem- bered that before any negotiations took place between Mr. M'Culloch and Mr. Macpherson, the latter had declined to go to the country with his late col- leagues, or further to act with them. There was not one of the late Ministry that did not acknowledge a reconstruction of the Cabinet was necessary, although of course there were as many opinions as there were members as to the manner in which the reconstruction should be effected. Under these circumstances it is difficult to see how Mr. Macpherson can be blamed for the step he has taken, seeing that he has neither forfeited nor compromised any political principle formerly held by him ; nor has he be- trayed his late colleagues, since he had previously declined to have anything more to do with them. There will be, no doubt, a stormy scene when Parliament re-assembles, which will be on the 10th of next month. It is intended, if possible, to make the session a short one, in order that the Budget for 1871 may be intro- duced, and the Estimates passed before the close of the present year. It, how- ever, is not at all improbable, looking at the constitution of the present Assem- bly and the number of its members who only regard political life as a means of advancing their own personal in- terests, that before the commencement of another session of Parliament there may be an appeal to the country. In consequence of the Ministerial crisis, the operation of the new immi- gration regulations has been further de- layed. This was rendered absolutely necessary, because nothing can be done until Parliament votes the necessary funds. SOCIAL. Within the last fortnight there has been several days' steady rain throughout the colony, and an end has been at last put to the somewhat lengthened run of dry weather that previously obtained. In many places the rain was much wanted long before it came a state of things by no means unusual in these colonies. The western districts seem to have been particularly in need of a change from fair to wet weather. Since the rain began to fall the face of the country has quite altered, and the young grass is springing up everywhere The adjoining colony of South Australia, where little or no rain fell for three months or more, has also come in for its share of wet ; and a heavy fall has been experienced in Tasmania ; so that by this time the Aus- tralian colonies may be said to have recovered from the effects of the drought, which was slightly felt in some parts, but rather severely in others. Queensland and New South Wales, in which the rain first made its appearance six or seven weeks ago, have both got rather more than they wanted. Rain has continued to fall in the southern districts of Queensland until very recently ; indeed, the wet weather there has extended over an unprecedentedly long period. It is feared that in consequence much damage has been done to the cotton and sugar crops, more particularly the cotton. Nearly all the New South Wales rivers, from the Richmond to the Hunter, have been flooded—a few of them twice over—and great losses have been suffered by farmers and others. A commission has been appointed by the New South Wales Government to inquire into the losses sustained from the inundations on the Hunter ; unfortunately, it is not the first time that such a commission has been con- sidered necessary. Not only have crops been destroyed, but homesteads have been washed away, and lives lost. Experience has failed to teach the settlers the necessity of erecting their homesteads on the high lands, though floods such as the last, and far worse, have often before occurred in the same districts. While the river-side farmers have suffered, however, the country generally has benefited greatly from the rain. The only portion of Victoria which suaffered anything like a flood was Gipps Land, where, as stated in last sum- mary, a good deal of inconvenience was caused for a time by the overflow of the rivers. Unhappily, two men were drowned at Hay- field, viz., George Taylor and William Wel- ham. A large quantity of rain has fallen at Beechworth in the course of the last 10 days. The depth of the water in the Murray has been increased, and traffic thereby facilitated. The steamers, after a long interval of idle- ness, are able to ply up the Darling again. The Easter holidays were partially broken in upon by wet weather, and therefore were not so pleasantly spent as they would have been had the rain come a fow days earlier or later. There was no volunteer review. Great preparations were made for one ; and if all had gone well there would have been visitors from all parts of the interior con- nected with the encampment at Little River by rail. But, unfortunately, the rain came down very heavily, and the encampment had to be broken up on Easter Sunday, and Mon- day passed over without the event which a great many people had been looking forward to with interest. Failing the review, the public had to fall back upon other sources of entertainment, where any had been provided for them, or extemporise some- thing for the occasion. Good Friday—to go back a day or two—was very wet, and consequently the churches were but thinly attended. At St. Francis's Roman Catholic Cathedral the annnal sermon in aid of the Melbourne Hospital was preached by the Rev. W. Kelly, and about £60 was collected. Saturday, the first day of the regatta on the Upper Yarra, was also wet, and the success of the sports was materially lessened. But ere Monday arrived the showers passed away, and the weather became delightful. The principal sources of amusement at the metro- polis on that day were the Druid's gala, at the Friendly Societies' Reserve, attended by 10,000 persons; the Catholic picnic, at the Botanical Reserve, attended by from 3,000 to 4,000 ; the Williamstown races, the Kew and Nunawading races, and the Sunday school picnics at the Royal-park, where upwards of 2,500 children assembled. A large number of persons spent the day at St Kilda, on Brighton beach, or on board excursion steamers on the bay. Then there were cricket and bowling matches and excursions on the river ; so that out of the whole population there can have been very few who were not celebrating Easter Monday as a holiday in some way or other. The theatres in the evening were crowded, Mr. Charles Mathews playing before an exceed- ingly large audience at the Royal. The Wonga Wonga, pioneer steamer of the new mall route via New Zealand, the Sand- wich Islands, and San Francisco to Europe, sailed from Sydney on the 26th March, and Auckland, N.Z., on the 1st April. She was full of passengers, and could have taken as many again if she had had room for them. A small mail was despatched by her, although the New South Wales Government charged, 1s. a letter, and would not guarantee through delivery. Mr. Ball, the U.S. consul, was a passenger. He has arranged to meet at Hono- lulu with the agents of the American Steam and Railroad Companies, for the purpose of negotiating for the forwarding of mails and passengers. Amongst the passengers by the last P. and O. Company's mail steamer for Adelaide, was Captain Noel Osborne, R.N., who has come out to Australia for the purpose of promoting the scheme of the British-Australian Telegraph Company. This company, it will be recol- lected, has pledged itself to land a cable at Port Darwin in 1871, and from thence to con- struct a land line to Burke town, to join the Queensland line. A telegram from Adelaide states that as Captain Osborne is not committed to the Queensland line, he intends waiting to ascertain the re- sult of a proposal by the South Australian Government to construct a line from Port Augusta to Port Darwin, or from the latter point to the eastern border of the colony. He has invited the South Australian Govern- ment to make a proposal to him, and will telegraph it home by this mail. The South Australian Government sent despatches by the March mail to their agent general in London, authorising him to in- form the European and Australian Tele- graph Company that Parliament would be recommended to vote a subsidy to the com- pany if the line to Port Darwin, in the Northern Territory, and thence to Port Augusta, is made instead of the line via Queensland. Mr. David Randall, of South Australia, whose exertions in the cause of intercolonial free trade have already been recognised, has recently visited the principal towns of New Zealand, and also Sydney and Brisbane, for the purpose of advocating the system which he desires to see established. In the various places in which he had the opportunity of explaining himself, he was well received, and the advantages of " intercolonial reciprocity," as pointed out in his addresses, appear to have been pretty generally acknowledged. The Corporation of the City of Melbourne have adopted the following letter of condo- lence to Lady Darling :—"To Lady Darling, &c.;—May it please your Ladyship,—We, the mayor, aldermen, councillors and citizens of the city of Melbourne, beg to express to your ladyship the profound sorrow which the in- telligence of the death of Sir Charles Darling has spread throughout this city. We also desire respectfully to assure your ladyship of our deep sympathy and condolence, and of our sincere hope that divine strength and consolation may be vouchsafed to sustain you under your great bereavement. (Signed) Samuel Arness, mayor. (Signed) E. G. Fitz- gibbon, town clerk. Melbourne, Victoria, March 28, 1870. Sir James Fergusson, the Governor of South Australia, lost week paid a visit to Melbourne, and after remaining a few days, went on to Tasmania, where he intended likewise to make a short stay. A terrible gunpowder explosion took place between Mansfield and Jamieson on the 30th March. Two carriers, named William Jewell and George Cruikshank, were proceeding in company from Melbourne to Jamieson with loading a portion of... ...Cruickshank had 36 Kegs on his waggon, and Jewell 70, or at least 30 more than the law permitted him to carry. In going down the Big Hill, three miles beyond Devil's River, the powder on Jewell's waggon exploded with frightful effect. All that was left of the waggon and its contents wes the front axle. Everything else, including the unfortunate driver, was blown to fragments. Four of the seven horses drawing the waggon were killed. Portions of Jewell's body were picked up 200 yards from the spot where the explo- sion took place, one portion being fixed among the branches of a tall tree. Cruikshank, whose waggon was not far be- hind, fortunately escaped serious injury. The tilt and part of his load caught fire, but by great presence of mind he succeeded in put- ting the fire out. The explosion happened as the evening was growing dark. The two men were going down the hill with their waggon wheels chained, pausing occasionally to rest their horses, and Jewell was riding on the top of the loading. The effects of the explo- sion were afterwards traceable for two miles round. Within 200 yards the trees were fes- tooned with strips of smouldering calico, flannel, paper, &c.;, while the ground was pro- fusely sprinkled with tea, starch, lollies, boots, socks, &c.; The actual spot where the explo- sion occurred was between two enormous trees. They were reduced to blackened stumps. Negligence was the cause of the fatal catas- trophe. In the first place, Jewell's waggon was overloaded with powder, and the kegs— dangerous enough under any circumstances— were packed on the top of other goods, con- tained in cases, &c.; There was no covering over the waggon, though the weather was dry and the sun shining out warmly. The kegs commenced to leak soon after Whittle- sea was reached ; the heads coming out, and allowing the powder to collect in the bottom of the waggon. Each time a breakage was discovered it was repaired, and the powder gathered up ; at Mansfield, a carpenter was employed to recooper the broken kegs ; but every now and then a fresh keg would burst, and not long before the explosion occurred, there was loose powder shaking about in the waggon and running out upon the ground. The jury, before whom an inquest was held, censured Donald McPhee and Edward Phil- lips, carrying agents, for not taking care that the waggon had a suitable covering. They called attention to the necessity of increased supervision in the removal of gunpowder from Melbourne to the country districts. The exodus of farmers and their families from South Australia to Victoria has con- tinued up to a late date. Persons journeying overland from Adelaide to Melbourne have passed large numbers of waggons, laden with agricultural implements and household uten- sils, and accompanied by settlers and their families, all evidently bound for Victoria. The attraction is the facilities offered under the new Land Act for obtaining land. The South Australian Register of April 5 says : —"In round numbers, the information at our disposal shows that some 400 agricul- turists have left or are leaving their holdings in South Australia. This is exclusive of those who have gone away to make a com- mencement at farming in the neighbouring colony, and also of persons who have not been directly attached to the soil here, and have left with a general view of bettering themselves in whatever pursuit seems most promising. Of the 400 mentioned above, some 240 or 250 have left, or are leaving, for Victoria, in the proportion of 60 or 70 free- holders to 180 or 100 tenant farmers. Rather ess than one-fourth of the total are free- holders, the remainder being tenants. Those not included in the exodus to Victoria are accounted for as having gone to Narracoorte, or to new land in the north, as having been sold up, or as having gone without leaving their addresses behind them. Considerably more than one-half are spoken of as having actually left, whilst there are scores who are said to be very desirous of leaving if they could only break the tie that binds them to the colony without suffering too much in the operation." Some stir has again been made about the adoption of a sewerage system for the city of Melbourne and the surrounding suburbs. The City Corporation, which says it is power- less to do anything in the matter, sent a depu- tation to the Chief Secretary at the end of last month, to urge the Government either to carry out an efficient system themselves or get an act of Parliament passed, authorising the corporation and the suburban councils to do what is requisite for the improved drainage of Melbourne and its neighbourhood. The Chief Secretary made sort of promise to have the levels taken, so as to enable the local bodies to decide what scheme it would be most advisable to adopt. The opinion seems to be growing that the chief thing wanted is an organised method of removing night-soil, &c;, from the city to localites where it would be serviceable as manure; surface drainage being provided for in another way. It is believed that something decisive will result from the investigations which the police are making with the view of ascertain- ing the truth of the confusion made in Lon- don by the man Dyer of the murder by him of his mate, Geo. Wilson, at the Mia-mia Creek, Newstead, in 1857. Wilson's remains, which had been interred in the Campbell's Creek Cemetery, near Castlemaine, were ex- humed on the 4th inst and Dr. Norman Gow, who held tho post-mortem examination on the murdered man, had no difficulty in identifying the skull, which he said he could have picked out among a thousand. The records of the cemetery told that on the 9th day of January, 1858, a body had been found in the Mia-mia Creek, parish of Tar- rengower, and that on the 11th of the same month it was buried in compartment B, No. 242\. The age was set down at 26, the name unknown. After clearing away the earth ad- hering to the skull, two holes were perfectly distinct, as if made by the point of a pick. There were two depressions fracturing the skull, as if made by the same instrument. A warrant was yesterday granted by the Castlemaine Bench for the apprehension of George Dyer, in England, as the murderer of Wilson. A magnificent aurora australis was visible in this colony on the night of the 5th inst. It was also visible in portions of South Aus- tralia. There has not been one of so grand a description since Septembr, 1850. It was visible in Melbourne from a little after sunset until about half-past 11 p.m., being brightest between half-past 10 and a quarter past 11 p.m. The aurora was preceded and accom- panied by considerable electrical disturbances. The electric telegraph wires were greatly affected during the several hours that it lasted, and there was a sufficient current to keep the bell at the Melbourne Observatory ringing and to work the instruments without the aid of the battery. At the meeting of the Royal Society, on the 11th inst., Mr. Ellery, the president, gave a short account of phenomona which were witnessed at the Observatory at the time of the aurora. The proposed adoption of the cental system in the sale of grain is meeting with favour. The system having been considered desirable in this colony, the Chief Secretary, at the instance of the Melbourne Chamber of Com- merce, has communicated with the Govern- ments of the other Australian colonies and New Zealand on the subject, suggesting that if they regarded the proposed change with favour they should encourage its adop- tion in all their several departments on and after the 1st of July next. The Adelaide Chamber, at a meeting held on the 6th inst. —members of several leading millers' firms being present—passed a resolution affirming that the cental system should be adopted from the date mentioned, and at the same time took the requisite steps to give their resolu- tion practical effect. Preliminary arrangements are being made for the festival to inaugurate the opening of the new Town-hall of Melbourne, to take place in August next. A substance, which is either lignite or oil shale, has been found at Smeaton. The dis- covery may prove of considerable value. Two Chinese converts to Christianity were baptised at Wesley Church, Melbourne, on the 1st inst. Wesleyan missions to the Chinese have existed for several years past at Sand- hurst and Castlemaine, and a mission was established in Melbourne a few months ago. A Chinese convert named James Ah Ling goes about among his fellow-countrymen living in Melbourne and its neighbourhood, for the purpose of preaching to them and holding class meetings. A school of mines having been projected at Ballarat, it appears likely to meet with great encouragement. The borough council of Ballarat West has resolved to give a dona- tion of £100 in aid, and the eastern borough council gave... by the Marie Gabrielle, supposed to have been lost among the Otway ranges, has as yet been fruitless. The non-success of the party which started to look for the missing men has been attri- buted to the fact that the search was made too close to the shore. A man named William Trimble recently died in the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum who at one time in the course of his life was in the receipt of £1,000 a week from mining shares. Unlucky speculations reduced him to poverty, and softening of the brain was not long in following. A smart shock of earthquake was experi- enced at Christchurch, New Zealand, on the night of the 11th March, at 28 minutes past 11 o'clock. It appeared to travel from north- east to south-west. The shock of an earth- quake was also felt slightly at Hawkwood, Burnett district, Queensland, on the 28th March. Some wild sheep were lately captured near the summit of Mount Abrupt, Hamilton dis- trict. The wool from their backs was 12in. long in the staple, firm in the pile, and fine in quality. It was presumed that the fleeces were three years old. The sheep were six toothed, had never been ear-marked, and were perfectly free from disease. The Otago Daily Times lately published a story respecting the Auckland Isles, in which the discovery of the skull of a horse and the skeleton of a young woman was reported as an unaccountable circumstance. The Nelson Colonist thus explains the mystery :—"The head of the horse is thus accounted for, as we have learned from Mr. Younger, the surveyor of the Nelson Board of Works, who formed one of the party who went out with Governor Enderby in 1849. The ship Charles Enderby, which formed one of an expedition to the Auckland Isles, called at Hobart Town on her way out, and there the Governor bought a chesnut horse, which he shipped and took to the islands, where, a few days after landing, the horse strayed, and was lost in the bush. The skull referred to is, without doubt, that of this horse. Mr. Younger says that the hill where the skull was found is only a few hun- dred yards from the original settlement. The female skull is that of one of the Maoris who lived there, and were buried on the beach in shallow graves." Some of the New Zealand papers are talking of an enterprise for visit- ing those islands, with the view of raising the cargo of the General Grant. We have lately had our attention directed to the local manufacture of filters according to Dahlke's latest invention, which has now been finally and successfully established at Nunawading. This locality was chosen on account of the extremely fine clay to be found in that neighbourhood. It is a curious thing that whereas the filter which is, perhaps, the most popular in England at the present time —i.e., the "silicated carbon filter "—was in- vented by Mr. Dahlke, that gentleman suc- ceeded before his death in introducing to Victoria what he regarded as a vast improve- ment on his first patent. In fact, Mr. Dahlke's one idea was the invention of a filter which would turn sea water to fresh, and this he considered he had accomplished. In any case, he invented a filter which, for domestic use, appears unrivalled. Fortu- nately, the manufacture of these filters fell into proper hands before Mr. Dahlke's death, and those who now conduct the enterprise find that they cannot make their filters fast enough. A meeting of the parishioners of Kew was held on the 15th inst, with the object of raising a substantial testimonial for the Rev. Rowland Hayward, who, it will be remem- bered, was deprived of his deacon's licence by the bishop. The question of a testimonial was referred to a committee. The committee have since unanimously resolved "to initiate a testimonial to the Rev. R. Hayward on his leaving the parish, as a token of esteem from the congregation of Holy Trinity Church and members of the Church of England in Kew," to carry out which Messrs. M'Lachlan, Dowling, Lamond, and Curtis have been ap- pointed to complete the work by Wednesday next. The cattle salesmen of Melbourne having, with the exception of Messrs. Dalmahoy Campbell and Co., resolved to reduce the term of credit allowed to butchers from 30 to 14 days, the butchers have risen in wrath at the proposal, and come to the determination that they would not buy from any firm which insists on the alteration. Defalcations have been detected in the Railway department, New South Wales. The accountant Ashdown was arrested, but has not been heard of since he was admitted to bail. Private advices received about three weeks ago report a disturbance at the Loyalty Islands, and that the French war steamer Marceau had been despatched from Noumea to investigate the matter. More recently, the Tyra, from the South Seas, brings intelli- gence to the effect that a vessel bearing French colours had plundered Kingsmile Island of all the arms obtainable. It was reported that the vessel waa engaged in ob- taining natives for Tahiti. The New South Wales Executive have had to censure Judge Josephson (one of the Dis- trict Court judges) for paying his prede- cessor a sum of money for retiring, and thus creating a vacancy. So many of the Europeans residing at Fiji belong to the Church of England, that it has been found necessary to establish a place of worship there. With the sanction of the bishop of Melbourne, the Rev. W. Lloyd, officiating clergyman at Northcote, will pro- ceed to Fiji early in July to take charge of the new church. An agitation has been going on respecting the proposed opening of a roadway through Carlton-gardens, from Queensberry-street to Gertrude-street. One of the last acts of the late Minister of Lands, before leaving office, was to issue a proclamation for the opening of the road. A perfect storm arose in conse- quence, a large number of the inhabitants of the neighbourhood being strongly against any division of the gardens for the purposes of traffic, and a large number apparently as strongly in favour of the proposed roadway. Public meetings have been held, and deputa- tions have presented themselves at the Chief Secretary's department. Mr. Macpherson, whose Government was then merely holding office until their successors had been ap- pointed, finally promised that the matter should be reconsidered and the question de- finitely settled soon after the new Govern- ment had taken office. The South Australian Government lately called for tenders for the conveyance of the South Australian mails to and from King George's Sound during the next three years. The only tender received was that of the Aus- tralian Steam Navigation Company, the amount of their offer being £1,050 a trip, or £13,650 for the year. This is at the rate of £50 a trip less than is now paid, and the ten- der has been accepted. Prendergast, whose murder of a man named Patrick Hartnett in January last caused great sensation in Brisbane, Queens- land, where it occurred, was hung on the 20th March. The murder of Klein, the German, in the cedar scrub, about 30 miles from Toowoomba, in February last, is now likely to be avenged. Helrich, otherwise known as "Alec"—who shot Klein through the heart because be was taking some cedar from the scrub to which Helrich considered he had some special claim—immediately absconded, and all at- tempts to discover his hiding-place for a long time proved unavailing, notwithstand- ing a reward of £300 offered by the Queens- land Government for his apprehension. He seems at last to have grown tired of hiding, and wrote to a person with whom he was acquainted to claim the reward by coming to arrest him. The police were told of it, and fol- lowing the man who had been written to, cap- tured Helrich. Criminals in Queensland seem to have a strange morbid desire that the reward offered for their arrest should benefit their friends, and there is a curious coinci- dence between Helrich's proceeding and that of the convict Prendergast, who wished his wife to give him in charge so as to secure the reward for herself and her children ! Suicides, of which an unusually large num- ber have taken place within the last few months, still continue to be reported. On the 31st ult. a man named Edmond Dawson; aged 51, a cook living in Collingwood, while suffering from delirium tremens, swallowed 15 grains of strychnine, which no remedies afterwards applied could prevent from having a fatal effect. A young man named Thomas Monckton attempted to commit suicide on Thursday fortnight, by jumping into the Yarra from Queen's wharf, but was im- mediately rescued. He was subsequently handed over ... ... On Thursday week a man named Ebenezer Rootsey, aged 55 years, a butcher, hung himself in his own shop at Keilor, while in a state of temporary in- sanity. Do persons in the mother country who send out insane relatives to Australia with the view probably of getting rid of them, ever think that their destination, on landing, is likely to be a lunatic asylum ? An unfortunate named Richard Marr Murray, lately arrived from Scotland, has been committed to the Yarra Bend Asylum within the last few days. He was arrested for refusing to pay for a set of false teeth after obtaining them from a den- tist. On being brought before the Bench, he proceeded to undress himself, and was only persuaded with considerable difficulty to keep himself clothed. He solemnly anathematised the magistrates, and when locked up marched to and fro in his cell whistling the "Dead March" in "Saul," leaning every now and then against the cell door, which he kicked with his heels to preduce the big drum effect. There seems to have been some laxity on the part of the immigratlon officers in allowing such a person to come to the colony, where he can only be a burden to the state. On the 11th inst., six convicts attempted to escape from St. Helena, a penal establish- ment at Moreton Bay ; but they were re- captured. The leader of the revolt was a convicted bushranger named Macpherson, but better known as the "Wild Scotchman." He was shot in the arm by one of the warders before he was re-taken. Escapes are often at- tempted from this establishment ; but, on account of the difficulty of getting away from the island, and the prevalence of sharks in the bay, they are seldom successful. The Acclimatisation Society of Victoria lately went to considerable expense for the purpose of importing castor-oil silk-worms from Calcutta. A wardian case containing cocoons was received by the Isabella Brown from the Agricultural and Horticultural So- ciety of India, but when opened all the cocoons were found to be dead. The experi- ment proved a failure, owing principally to the death of the castor-oil plants, which had been placed in the case too old and had perished immediately, thus affording no food for the young larvæ. Professor M'Coy, who submitted a report on the subject, at a meet- ing of the society on the 12th inst., enter- tained no doubt of success in the next experi- ment if young seedlings in pots were placed in the wardian case, instead of in loose earth as in this last experiment. The first dinner for the present year of the bar mess was held on the 4th inst. at the Union Club Hotel. About 30 members of the mess were present. Mr. R. Le Poer Trench, the senior barrister present, occupied the chair. Some interesting experiments were made on Wednesday week on the fuse manufac- tured at the Safety Fuse Factory, near the Falls Bridge. The quality of the colonial manufacture, from the manner in which it stood the various tests applied, appeared to be super-excellent. A telegram from Launceston says that there has been a great fire on the farm of Mr. Henry Douglas, Whiteford Hills. The barn, threshing machine, and 5,000 bushels of grain, have been destroyed. The fire is sup- posed to have been accidental. The foundation-stone of Trinity Church, Stawell, was laid on the 13th inst. by the Bishop of Melbourne. The cost of the church, exclusive of the chancel and main tower, will be from £2,000 to £3,000. An exploring expedition started from Perth (Western Australia) on the 29th March, for the South Australian boundary. It consists of Mr. J. Forrest, three white men, and two natives, with 16 horses. Mr. Forrest's in- structions are to proceed direct to Esperance Bay, on the south coast, where he will be met by a vessel with stores ; thence he is to go to Eucla harbour, keeping as far inland as pos- sible ; having refitted at Eucla, about two months are to be devoted to exploring the interior north and north-west of Eucla, after which Mr. Forrest is to make for Adelaide. An interesting paper was read before the Royal Society of New South Wales lately, "On a new method of refining and tough- ening gold by means of chlorine gas," dis- covered by Mr. Francis Bowyer Miller, assayer in the Sydney Mint. Mr. Miller has received a bonus of £2,000 from the Now South Wales Parliament, for the use of his process in the Sydney Mint. An interesting Masonic ceremony took place on the 30th March, at the Freemasons'-hall, Lonsdale-street, Melbourne, viz., the initia- tion of Signer Dondi, of the Royal Italian Opera, into the Lodge of Kilwinning. The report of the Moonta Copper Mine, South Australia, for the half-year ending 31st March last, shows a net profit on the workings of £24,800. The funeral of the late Mr. John Guthrie, assistant-commissioner of Customs, took place on the 29th March, at Geelong. The procession was very long; many of the Geelong shopkeepers put up their shutters as a mark of respect ; the banks closed, and flags were hoisted half-mast high in various parts of the town. The duties of assistant commissioner are in future to boedischarged by the collector of customs, Mr. John Chat- field Tyler, who now holds the two offices. Some time ago the homestead of a farmer named Smale, on the Barrabool-hills, about eight or nine miles from Geelong, was acci- dentally burned to the ground. The premises were not insured, and great sympathy was expressed for him in his misfortune by his neighbours, the fire having consumed a large portion of the savings of a long, frugal, and industrious fife. On the 7th inst, his neigh- bours turned out with their ploughs and horses to give him a day's ploughing, and to assist him in his preparations for the next season. Some 47 ploughs turned out early in the forenoon, and before dusk about 50 acres had been turned over in fine style. The Richmond Borough Council have re- solved that £20,000 shall be borrowed on debentures for 20 years, the money to be ex- pended on works for the improvement of the borough. There was a balloon ascent at Ballarat on the 11th inst, under the direction of Mr. Gale, recently from Sydney. The balloon attained to an altitude of about 2,000ft., where it remained for some minutes, and then descended on a spot half a mile to the southward of the starting point. About 14,000 people turned out to see the affair. Outrages upon children of tender years continue to be reported with painful fre- quency. One of the worst cases happened at Geelong about three weeks ago, when a man named William Jones, aged 25 years, com- mitted an outrage upon a little girl, named Margaret M'Namara, four years and a half old, the daughter of his employer. He was committed for trial. A Chinaman named Ah Yea has been committed for trial on a charge of having, on the 29th March last, at Hell's Hole, assaulted a girl named Louis Burt, aged 13 years, with intent to commit a rape. The poor girl was returning home from selling milk, when the ruffian rushed out of some scrub, threw her on the ground, and at- tempted to strangle her. The timely arrival of two troopers prevented the European popu- lation from inflicting summary vengeance on the scoundrel. More shocking murders in Queensland. At Lyndhurst, in February last, a Chinaman named Ah Chong killed a fellow countryman named Ah Fat, who owed him money, and would not pay him. Ah Chong hung himself as soon as he got into the hands of the police. The dead body of a man, with the head severed from the body, has been found in a well at Springsure. It is supposed to be the body of one of two men who lived together in the township. The belief is that the one murdered the other and then decamped. Some time ago an insurance company named the Home Plate-Glass Insurance Com- pany suddenly came to grief, shortly after it had been ushered into life, through two per- sons named James Williams and James Ray- mond, who were chiefly connected with it, being apprehended and committed for trial for conspiring to defraud. Within the last fortnight or so, they have been up before the City Police Court upon a fresh charge, and again committed for trial—the parties alleged to have been defrauded in this instance being Edward Whitehead, of Collins-street, en- graver, and George Pearson and Co., wine and spirit merchants, Bourke-street. From the former engraving and printing work was obtained, and from the latter goods to the value of £95, for which a bill was given, but the bill was never paid. The Pilot Board having at length become qualified to resume their sittings, through the appointment of Captain Payne as chief har- bour-master, and by virtue of his office ... the conduct of two pilots, who were charged with leaving the outer station off Port Phillip Heads insufficiently protected on the 2nd February. Pilot Gaunson was considered to have committed an unjustifiable act, but as he had already undergone suspen- sion (under a sentence which turned out to be illegal), no further sentence was passed. The board did not think it necessary to re-open the inquiry as regarded Pilot Singleton, who also for a time underwent suspension at their hands when, as was afterwards discovered, they had no power to hold any inquiry. Singleton, however, has demanded an inves- tigation. Tidal disturbances have again occurred in some of the New Zealand harbours. The Wellington Independent of Saturday, April 9, says that some speculation was occasioned on the Thursday morning previous "by the dis- covery that the waters of the harbour were repeating on a small scale the irregularities which were so remarkably developed at the time the great earthquake of 1868 occurred in South America and the West Indies. The water was as smooth as glass on Thursday, but at frequent intervals a heavy ripple was observed at some distance from shore, and the water would then rush in some 20 or 30 yards, and as rapidly recede, in some cases quite as far below the proper water line. The perpendicular rise and fall was probably never more than from six inches to a foot, but the alterations were exceedingly rapid, and con- tinued during the whole day." The labourers who struck work more than a month ago at the Alfred Graving Dock, Williamstown, have not yet been able to arrange the difference between themselves and Mr. Irons, the contractor. They struck for the eight hours system, which they saw had been adopted in branches of the public service where day labourers were employed, and which was to be adopted under the contract about to be commenced for the construction of the first 56 miles of the North-Eastern Railway. They would not agree to a cor- responding reduction in wages until the work was finished. The men are considered to have acted with foolish precipitation. They have come to words with the Short Hours League, which disapproved of their conduct. The case of the firemen and stokers em- ployed at the metropolitan gasworks has recently been brought under public notice. They have at present to work 12 hours a day, at a very laborious occupation. The eight hours system is gradually extending ; the masons, bricklayers, carpenters, and others of the same class have long enjoyed it ; ordinary labourers and persons engaged in indoor trades are now beginning to assert their claim to a share in the benefits of the system. A change has been made in the internal management of the Williamstown Railway workshops. It is now proposed to try whether the system of appointing foremen to look after the men employed in the various branches of the department will have a better effect than leaving the employés under the supervision of only one or two heads. Mr. Charles Mathews, the celebrated come- dian, has now fairly settled down to the work of entertaining the Melbourne public. He received his first Australian welcome before appearing on the stage from the Yorick Club, which gave him a dinner on the even- ing prior to the departure of the last mail. The Athenæum Club were the next to bid him welcome, their dinner taking place on the 31st March. Mr. Mathews appeared for the first time at the Theatre Royal on the 9th inst. A description of his most successful performances will be found elsewhere. Two daughters of Mr. Tarlington, magis- trate, of Bega, New South Wales, have been committed for trial on a charge of infanticide committed six years ago. The accuser was a young woman brought up in the house with them from childhood. From Tasmania comes the news of the murder of a woman by her husband, John Regan, on the 30th March, at a place known as Ashburner's Forest, near Launceston. They were on their way home at the time. Regan also attacked his wife's sister, but she escaped from him. He then took to the bush, where he managed to hide himself for 10 days, but eventually gave himsolf up to the police, who were following him up very closely. A general training institution for teachers has been established by the Board of Educa- tion in connexion with the Central Schools, Melbourne, where students in training can receive the literary and professional instruct- tion necessary to fit them for the profession they have undertaken. The arrangements of the board are extremely liberal, and should encourage students, both male and female, to avail themselves of the opportunities afforded them of perfecting themselves in the art of teaching. The students at present number 57. Andrew Vair, the man accused of murder- ing Mr. Amos Cheale, the mining manager, at St. Arnaud, on the 12th January, 1869, by shooting him with a gun, has been com- mitted to take his trial at Ararat in July next. A woman named Isabella Hester Lloyd, wife of a butcher at Hawthorn, died on the 3rd inst., while undergoing treatment for rheumatic gout. On the previous night, when taking some medicine, she said she was poisoned. The husband, after her death, at once came to the conclusion that she had not received proper treatment, and expressed him- self in such plain terms that Mr. Bragge, the medical gentleman in attendance, demanded an inquest. The medical evidonce clearly showed that death had resulted solely from natural causes, and could in no way be attri- buted to Mr. Bragge's course of treatment. During a cricket match played recently in New South Wales between the Tumut and Adelong clubs, a hit was made for which 10 runs were obtained. The distance from the wicket to where the ball first touched ground was measured and found to be 165 yards. The Queensland Club house, Brisbane has been destroyed by fire. Two tenders for the supply of pipes for the Clunes Water Commission have been provi- sionally accepted—viz., the tender of Messrs. Walker and Co., ironfounders of Ballarat— to supply 2,672 tons of pipes and castings, for £27,497 ; and the tender of Messrs. M'Ewan and A. Macfarlan, to supply 2,067 tons of pipes, at £21,108. There is a difference in the size of the pipes, and the commissioners have reserved to themselves the power of finally accepting which of the two tenders they please. Archdeacon Tucker, for some time Aus- tralian agent for the British and Foreign Bible Society, has taken his departure for Wangaratta, the incumbency of which has been assigned to him in connexion with his archdeaconry. Before leaving he was pre- sented with a cheque for £50 by members of the congregation of Trinity Church, East Melbourne, among whom he had officiated for twelve months past. Two elegant transcripts of Australian scenery have been lately completed by M. Buvelot. One of them is a view taken on the River Barwon, near Barwon Heads, and the other a pretty bit of landscape in the neighbourhood of Prahran. Progress is being made with the erection of Trinity (Church of England) College, the first to be affiliated to the Melbourne University. A meeting was held on the 4th inst, Sir Wil- liam Stawell in the chair, for organising means to raise the sum required to complete the first portion of the building—about £3,000. The college is not only intended for theologi- cal students, but as a place of residence for lay students whose parents do not reside in Melbourne, and who but for such an institu- tion, would probably have to go without a university education. Considerable success has attended the esta- blishment of schools of design. The benefits experienced from the original school in Mel- bourne will ere long have been carried into all the large suburbs around it. The schools opened at Carlton, Emerald-hill, and Bruns- wick each report a good average attendance. Within the last two or three weeks the requi- site steps have been taken for opening schools at Fitzroy, Sandridge, and Richmond. The immigrant ship Percy, which arrived at the Heads on Saturday, and was detained for medical inspection, has had, it appears, 40 consecutive cases of fever, commencing on 22nd January, and continuing up to the end of the voyage. Three patients died from fever : 6 deaths occurred from atrophy and 1 from rheumatism in the heart. The persons who died were—Elizaboth Trebil- cock, an infant ; Peter M'Kersey, 3 years ; Mary Greghorn, 1 year ; Henry Perry, infant; John Tredgen, 2 years; John Boucher, 52 years ; Bessy Smith, an in- fant ; Elizabeth Davis, 1 year ; and Thomas Flynn, 2 years. The passengers, numbering 366, have been landed at the Sanatory Station ... to get the condenser repaired. The career of Power, the bushranger, has not yet been cut short, though there is a large reward offered for his capture. His depreda- tions, however, have not been so numerous as formerly. The fellow has shown consider- able boldness by presenting himself occa- sionally in somewhat public places. He was acquiring a character for ubiquity, until it was discovered that a man named Lloyd had been the actual perpetrator of several rob- beries previously ascribed to Power, whose name he had taken. On the north-eastern mail line some of the mail-drivers appear to have bushrangers always in their minds, for on the 17th ult. a shepherd named Richard Nicklin, who was standing by the roadside holding up a bundle of letters for the driver of the Kil- more coach to take charge of, was mistaken for a mail-robber, and struck over the head with a whip, while the coach passed on. Nicklin was afterwards apprehended, but at once set at liberty on the exact truth being ascertained. He was in the habit of handing letters to the driver of the coach, but on this occasion the driver was a stranger to him. A paper was read before the Royal Society on the 11th inst., on enhydros, or water stones, found at Beechworth. It was men- tioned that enhydros were very rare, and that the only other part of the world where they had been found was South Carolina. The stones consisted of chalcedony, varied in size from 5in. to the size of a pea, and con- tained a fluid and a movable bubble of gas. The reservoir of the Geelong Waterworks was just finished in time to enable the recent heavy rainfall to be stored. It is now pro- bable that in the course of a very short time the water will be let on to the mains, the pipe- laying in town being almost finished. A distressing accident occurred on Tues- day, at the Yarra Tunnelling Quartz Mine, Warrandyte. Two minors named R. Reid and Christian Ericson were drawing a charge that had missed fire 16 hours previously, when it exploded. Both men were driven violently against the sides of the shaft, and severely injured. They have since been progressing favourably at the Melbourne Hospital ; but Ericson has had to get his right leg taken off. Tuesday, the 19th April, was the 100th an- niversary of the discovery of Australia by Captain Cook. The prospectus has been issued by the Pen- guin Silver Mining Company, formed to work certain mines situated on the coast of Tas- mania. It is stated that the existence of silver ore on the north west coast, near Pen- guin Creek, has been known for some years past. The ore is exposed on the surface along the shore at Bass's Straits. It is quite reasonable to expect that the colonies abound in silver along the gold line, as in California, where the richest silver mines have been dis- covered, the ores are very similar to those found in Tasmania. We expect before long there may be some news of discoveries in our own colony, as there are parties searching in the Gipps Land country. The probability of Australia being supplied with kerosene derived from Blue Mountains shale appears now to be increasing. So rich is the shale that the Sydney companies which were started four or five years ago would have proved amply successful but for the rapid fall in the price of the American oils, which, being obtained with extreme ease, swamped this new manufacture. The enormous increase in the American supply also prevented the success of the Footscray kerosene works, established four years ago by Mr. Patrick Hayes, for the purpose of utilising the Hartley shale. The Western Kerosene Company have, however, found the means of competing with the low-priced imports, by a liberal expenditure of time and trouble in as- certaining which was the best distilling appa- ratus in the world, and of money in estab- lishing enormous works both at the mines and on Botany-road, where the distillery and refinery are situated. The enterprise is largely Victorian, Mr. Stanford (of Bourke and Rus- sell streets) being one of the leading share- holders. A letter has been received by the Salmon Commissioners, Hobart Town, from Dr. Gunther, a piscatorial authority in England, in reference to the two fish caught some time ago, and said to be young salmon. They were preserved in spirits, and sent home for inspec- tion. Dr. Gunther says they are not salmon, but salmon trout of immature growth. Others dispute the doctor's opinion. The South Australian Government schooner Gulnare is to sail for the Northern Territory on Monday, with Captain Douglas as the Government Resident in command of the settlement at Port Darwin. Government in- tend calling for tenders for a steamer to keep up communication with the new township in process of being formed there. Mr. Whiting, a squatter on the Barrier Ranges, has sent on an overland trip to the Northern Territory, a number of horses, cattle, and sheep. He follows them himself in a few days, and will commence a station near Park, the new town- ship of Port Darwin. The returns from shipments of flour, mimosa bark, biscuits, preserved meats, soap, &c.;, from Adelaide, South Australia, to India, have given the principal exporters suf- ficient encouragement to persevere with the experiment Although the prices realised by the shipments were not so high as could fairly have been desired, the primary object, which was to have attention drawn to South Australian produce, has been accomplished. The fourteenth anniversary of the estab- lishment of the eight hours system was cele- brated on Thursday by the various trades en- joying the benefit of it. There was a proces- sion through the streets of the city, and a fête at the Friendly Societies' Grounds, at- tended by from 4,000 to 5,000 persons. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. DEFEAT OF THE MACPHERSON MINISTRY. The last mail for England left the Mac- pherson Administration in a very precarious condition. Their financial propositions had been severely attacked in the Assembly, and an amendment by Captain MacMahon, limit- ing the granting of supplies to six months, was negatived only to make way for a further amendment by Mr. Macgregor, requiring the Ministry to revise their Estimates. Both of these had been moved avowedly in a friendly spirit, and accepted as such by the Government, who gave notice in their turn of a series of resolutions upon which the civil service and the economies to be effected therein were to be based. No sooner had Mr. Macgregor's motion been carried than a new element of feeling displayed itself. The friendliness of the last amendment was in effect repudiated by its mover and leading supporters, and the mem- bers of the Constitutional party also practically withdrew their support from the Government because of the indiscreet attacks made upon them by certain members of the Ministry itself. This placed the Government in a minority, and just before the last mail left the House refused to name a day on which to go into committee of supply, a sufficient token that another Ministerial crisis was at hand. Still the Ministry refused to take any step until the House had dealt in some way with the series of resolutions mentioned. On the following Tuesday, the Assembly met again. The galleries were crowded, for it was generally understood that the fate of the Ministry, and in all probability that of the Assembly itself, was to be decided. It was a moot-point among the quidnuncs whether the Ministry would retire altogether, and be succeeded by a coalition of the less prominent members of the M'Cullochite party, or whether they would get a dissolution, and perhaps submit to a process of reconstruction before they met Parliament again. As will be seen, neither of these events accrued. From the first opening of the debate, however, it was evident that there were to be no more friendly motions, for it was significant that Messrs. Macgregor and King had crossed from the Ministerial to the Opposition Corner. Almost immediately after the com- mencement of the business of the evening, Mr. Macgregor asked what steps the Govern- ment intended to take after their defeat on the previous Friday, and meeting with no reply, gave notice that, on the motion for going into committee to considsr the resolu- tions on the public expenditure submitted by the Chief Secretary, he would move an amendment to the effect that the Estimates of the Ministry having been found untrust- worthy, the longer retention of office by the Government would be unconstitutional. The adjournment of the House was then moved by Mr. Kerford, and accepted by the Govern- ment as a vote of want of confidence, but the Opposition, fearing a false move, succeeded in getting it withdrawn. Mr. Macgregor's amendment on the motion for going into committee then came on, and was ultimately carried by a majority of 34 to 26, the numbers, somewhat singularly, being the same as those registered when the M'Culloch Government was beaten on the question of the appointment of Mr. Rolfe to customs. There was nothing... calling for special notice, as the subject had been fully exhausted in the tedious debates which had previously taken place, excepting that several Ministers hinted plainly at a possible dissolution. It is, however, worthy of remark that Mr. Higinbotham supported the Government, and that Mr. Francis, whilst opposing the Ministry, said he would be no party to the coalition which he understood was to be formed to take their places. Nearly all the members of the Constitutional party abstained from taking part in the division. Upon this the House adjourned until Thursday, a dissolution being confidently looked for. When Parliament reassembled, it was in- formed that the Ministry had resigned, that Mr. Macgregor had been sent for, and that as yet there was to be no dissolution. Mr. Mac- pherson, in making his statement in the As- sembly, was careful to state that His Excel- lency had never been asked for a dissolution, and it soon became public that more than one member of the Ministry, including Mr. Macpherson and Mr. Cohen, absolutely re- fused to go to the country with their col- leagues. Who the objectionable colleagues were has never been exactly stated, but in the revelations which the excitement of the situation called forth, it became plain that the law officers—Mr. Mac- donnell and Mr. Aspinall—had lost the confidence of their co-Ministers by the ab- solute silence they maintained during the attacks made upon the Government position. It is also certain that others were nearly equally objectionable to their colleagues, and altogether the Cabinet was the reverse of a happy family. It further came out that, al- though the Government never asked for a dissolution, it had been ascertained that the Governor would not grant one for the pur- pose of the Government going to the country with a reconstructed and re-organised Cabinet. A NEW M'CULLOCH MINISTRY. Early on Friday Mr. Macgregor set about his task of constructing a Ministry, and his first step was to place him- self in communication with Mr. M'Cul- loch, who expressed himself willing to co- operate with him. Mr. Francis and Mr. Wrixon were also communicated with, but the week closed without anything definite being done. It was asserted upon authority that Mr. Macgregor desired to bring about a fusion of parties, and to form a Ministry com- posed partly of the old M'Culloch section and partly of moderate Constitutionalists, but that great difficulties stood in his way. On Tuesday, when Parliament met again, hon. members were informed that Mr. Mac- gregor had surrendered his task, and it was privately stated that he had been unable to get law officers. Mr. M'Culloch was next sent for, and after spending four days in negotiations he suc- ceeded in forming a Ministry, which con- sisted of the following gentlemen :—Chief Secretary, Mr. M'Culloch ; Treasurer, Mr. J. G. Francis ; Attorney-General, Mr. A. Michie; Minister of Justice, Mr. Wrixon; President of the Board of Land and Works, Mr. Mac- pherson ; Minister of Railways, Mr. William Wilson ; Commissioner of Customs, the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett (M.L.C.) ; Minister of Mines, Mr. Angus Mackay; and Minister of Public Works, Mr. William Bates. This announcement created some consider- able feeling, for the exclusion of the "old- hat" party—which had been the ruin of the last M'Culloch Administration—hurt the feel- ings of that particular section of the Assem- bly, and, on the other hand, the appointment of Mr. Macpherson made several of his late colleagues wroth. Two of them—Mr. Berry and Mr. M'Lellan—asserted in the House (when the names of the Ministry had been read out by Mr. Higinbotham) that the late Chief Secretary had been guilty of "treachery to his party" in securing office for himself while his colleagues supposed he was nego- tiating with the Governor for a dissolution on their behalf. (It has since been shown with great clearness that the Macpherson Ministry represented no party whatever, but only the feeling of the House and country against Mr. M'Culloch's former colleagues.) The represen- tative of the "old-hat" party (Mr. G. P. Smith) also gave vent to his feelings by declaring that if ever there was corruption at the Lands Office, it would be while Mr. Macpherson was at the head of that department. This, like the other charges made against the late Chief Secretary, was of course uttered in his ab- sence, and was warmly resented by Mr. M'Kean, the late Minister of Lands. We mention these circumstances to show in what light the new Cabinet was regarded from cer- tain points of view. The debate—if debate it could be called—ended that night, when the House rose till the 10th May, to allow time for the re-election of Ministers. RECEPTION OF THE NEW MINISTRY. The reception of the new Administration by the country has been almost unanimously in their favour. The newspaper organs of the excluded element before alluded to have continued to gird at Mr. Macpherson, that being the only assailable point, but their objurgations, as the sequel will show, have carried little weight with them. The cha- racter of the new Cabinet has been summed up in this journal thus :—"In the construc- tion of his new Administration, Mr. M'Cul- loch has given satisfactory evidence of his desire to adopt a course very different to that followed by him when he last held the reins of office. He has surrounded himself with the best men of his own party, and has eliminated from the present all the most ob- noxious elements of his last Government. His degradation and sacrifice by such men as Mr. Vale, Mr. G. P. Smith, and Mr. G. V. Smith, have apparently had their due effect. Fortunately, both for himself and the country, these hon. members are now, and we trust for ever, relegated to that graceful obscurity which they are so well calculated to adorn." Further, after accepting Mr. M'Cul- loch's choice of colleagues as evidence that he had determined to avoid the errors which had previously led him to the verge of political ruin, this journal stated:— "Mr. M'Culloch has now an opportunity which but few Chief Secretaries have previously enjoyed. Most of those questions upon which party passion and party prejudice ran high have been so far settled that for some time at least they must remain in abeyance. Consequently, he has now the opportunity of bringing all the re- sources of a powerful Government to the pro- motion of the practical development of the resources of the colony, and the consolidation of its interests as an integral portion of the British empire." In the same article the posi- tion of the Constitutional party was thus pointed out: -"The Constitutional party in the Legislative Assembly has no reason to be dissatisfied at the present position of political affairs. Called into existence not for the purpose of placing any drag on the wheels of democracy, but merely to enforce the observance of the law and the supremacy of the Constitution, it has had the satisfac- tion of seeing, as we have before pointed out, its objects achieved and its principles triumph- ant. As Captain MacMahon observed on Fri- day last, the peculiar duties of the Constitution- alists has so far ended, because the whole colony has become Constitutional. The battle has been well fought, and the victory well won." The pendant to this is that all the members of the Ministry who went back to their con- stituents have been re-elected without oppo- sition. The exception is Mr. Michie, the Attorney-General, who at the time he ac- cepted office had no seat in Parliament. Mr. James, M.L.A. for Ballarat West, has since resigned his seat, and Mr. Michie has become a candidate for that constituency, with every prospect of being elected, like his colleagues, without opposition. THE MlNISTERIAL PROGRAMME. The programme of the new Ministry has been set before the country in the address of Mr. M'Culloch to the electors of Morning- ton. Its language was concise, explanatory, and promising. Mr. M'Culloch therein gives as his reason for taking office the fact that he could not refuse the responsibility which was the natural consequence of his criticism of and his vote against the financial proposals of the late Treasurer. He then announces the various measures which the Government will take in order to effect the reforms which it considers essential. First comes the promise of retrenchment in the public service, to be secured by an alteration in the Civil Service Act and a combination of offices. This, he urges, cannot be thoroughly done this session, but he indicates that the total expenditure for the year will be materially reduced from the proposals of the late Treasurer. In respect to education, he pronounces in favour of "the state paying for a system of secular education, about which there is no diversity of opinion, and interposing no obstacle to the various denominations imparting religious in- struction out of school hours," by which he expects to provide more schools in thinly populated districts, while diminishing the expense of the "unnecessary establishment of competing schools in the more populous districts." Further, Mr. M'Culloch states that the Government intend to introduce bills to amend the Licensed Publicans Act, and to amend the criminal law so as to prevent the crimes now becoming alarmingly prevalent, and also to turn prisoners' labour to profitable account ; also, that the Govern- ment... £200,000 per annum railway purposes to the formation of about 50 miles of railway per annum ; that the water- works already commenced shall be completed, leaving further efforts in that direction to local municipal bodies aided by Parliament; that hearty co-operation will be offered to the other colonies in favour of Australian fede- ration ; and that earnest and immediate at- tention will be given to the subject of com- munication with England by means of first class powerful steamers, via the Cape, for postal as well as immigration purposes. Fin- ally he announced that the abolition of state aid to religion will be again proposed by the Government. All these measures he de- scribed as important and demanding an early settlement ; but it is nevertheless his stated opinion that they will best be carried by con- fining the business of the session to passing the Estimates for the year, so that Parlia- ment shall meet in time to grant the supplies for 1871 before the close of the present year. Apropos to the address, this journal remarked at the time—"There is one passage in Mr. M'Culloch's address which we cannot but think very significant. He believes that it is now the general desire of the country that its Government, while faithfully representing its liberal convictions, will at the same time conduct the every-day work of the country with efficiency and in- tegrity. Taking this to mean that the public has recovered from its wild passion of Loyal Liberalism, and desires to see the affairs of the country honestly and sensibly carried on, undisturbed by stupid disputes of the Dar- ling grant kind, we congratulate the country upon the change that has been brought about, and trust that in the future Mr. M'Culloch will govern in a way which may be reason- ably expected to meet with the approbation of a people fully restored to reason." ATTACKS ON THE LATE CHIEF SECRETARY. The charge of "treachery " brought against Mr. Macpherson, and the way it has been met, is the only other political topic of the month. The general effect of the accusation was this, that having been entrusted by his colleagues with the task of negotiating with the Governor for a dissolution on their account, he intrigued instead with the new Ministry for a place ; and it was further urged that had he held aloof from Mr. M'Culloch, he would have been recalled to office with the opportunity of reconstructing his Cabinet. To all this Mr. Macpherson has Binco, when addressing his constituents, given the flattest denial, adding that, although two of his col- leagues had attacked him unjustifiably, he should deal magnanimously with them. He had told his colleagues that he would not go to the country with them, as they did not form a competent Government, nor could he expect the country to place confidence in them as a whole. Hence the resignation instead of a dissolution. He had not had any communication with Mr. M'Culloch on the subject of joining his Cabinet till after that gentleman had under- taken to form a Ministry, when, understand- ing him to be anxious to form a sound Go- vernment, and to have ridded himself of the colleagues who had done him such harm, he (Mr. Macpherson) agreed to join him. He pointed to the examples of Mr. Lowe and Mr. Bright—who, having fallen out with Mr. Gladstone about the Reform Bill, yet joined his next Administration—as justifying him, for he had only opposed Mr. M'Culloch be- cause of that gentleman's colleagues, and when they were opposed of his antagonism ceased. Subsequently, a so-called "mon- ster meeting" of the friends of the late Administration was called in Collingwood, but only 200 persons attended, and Mr. Longmore, though allowed to speak for a few moments in accusation of Mr. Mac- pherson, was howled down directly he at- tacked the Administration as a whole. Mr. Macpherson's re-election without opposition sufficiently illustrates the truth of the state- ment in this journal—"He could betray no colleagues, simply because he had no col- leagues to betray. He had, in fact, severed all political ties with his colleagues, and de- clined to regard them as a Cabinet. THE NEW IMMIGRATION REGULATIONS. This is the political situation. When Par- liament has met that position will be more correctly defined and more thoroughly un- derstood. It is fitting to mention here that which could scarcely have been stated else- where in this account—that after Mr. M'Cul- loch was sent for, and pending the formation of the present Ministry, Mr. Macpherson un- dertook that the new immigration regula- tions should not come into force until the Assembly had had an opportunity of deciding on their policy. VOLUNTEER ENCAMPMENT. After a space of three years, during which our citizen soldiery have never taken the field save for a few hours' review, the Victorian volunteers have been summoned to another camp of instruction. This was the seventh of these encampments instituted since the great revival of the volunteer movement, in 1859\. The first two were held at the Werri- bee, the third on the banks of the Barwon, the three next at Sunbury; and the last on the plains at the foot of the Anakies, better known as the You Yangs, of which Station Peak is the highest point. Hitherto, Easter has always been selected as the most convenient time at which to get the whole force together, and it may be added that the volunteer army of Victoria is now in as good trim and as numerous as in its palmiest days. In fact, these are its palmy days, for the rigid tests of its effectiveness in respect to military exercises—about which a large number of members of Parliament are very exacting in their inquiries when the annual vote in that behalf is considered— were never more cheerfully complied with than now. The practice has always been for the local staff officers to take possession of the camp on the Wednesday before Good Friday, a large contingent of the troops to arrive the following evening, more to come on Good Friday and Saturday, and the balance on Easter Monday morning in time for the grand review with which the affair is terminated. But, independently of this climax, so soon as the men come into camp they are set to the performance of all manner of camp and field duty, not only mounting guard, and attending to camp parades, but working together in military manœuvres and on field expeditions. The chosen site on which the tents were pitched ready for their occupants was on the banks of the Little River, and about a mile and a quarter from the Little River station on the Geelong Railway. The thing created much excitement, and wherever there was a volunteer corps the men were eager to avail themselves of the Government offer of free transit. Not less than 3,000 men of all arms were expected to assemble. The camp arrangements were the most complete yet seen in Victoria, and the camp itself occupied 70 acres, being a parallelogram 1,000 yards long. Besides, there were the head-quarters, with tents for Colonel W. A. D. Anderson, the colonel-com- mandant, and his staff, also Major General Chute, who was to arrive on the third day with His Excellency the Governor, and take the command during the three next days ; also, the sut- lers appointed by each corps. Some of the accommodation provided by the latter was very considerable, especially that of Mr. T. Grimwood, a well-known Melbourne publican and sportsman, who supplied means for feeding 1,500 men at a time. His ap- paratus for doing this was upon an improved military pattern, and as easily transported as a three-gun battery of light metal without reserve stores. To encourage sutlers like him, ready at short notice to supply men called into the field for defence purposes, is deemed wiser than to accustom the volunteers to provide for themselves, which in any case could hardly ever be required of them. The encampment also developed the posses- sion by our Volunteer department of a very complete set of military appliances and train ready for the field. The Wednesday before Easter having ar- rived, the local staff took up their quarters in camp. The next day nearly 700 men marched in from the railway station, and though the weather looked threatening, the best was hoped for. Next day, Good Friday, there were 1,332 men encamped, but the rain set in while the Rev. Dr. Bromby (head master of the Church of England Grammar School, and brother to the Bishop of Ho- bart Town) was holding Divine service in the morning, and continued to fall heavily throughout the day, the wind blowing hard. The tents stood well, but the water lay on the ground in sheets, and the night was passed in great discomfort, and with fears lest the camp would have to be broken up. The men were, notwithstanding, as jolly as could be, and defied their disasters with unflagging spirit. Saturday broke loweringly though the rain had stopped long before midnight. The ground was fast drying up when fresh troops arrived, and also Major-General Sir Trevor Chute, and His Excellency the Governor. The question of breaking up the camp had been held over till their arrival, and just as the best was expected from their decision, down came the rain again, flooding the camp, and disappointing the volunteers, who had hitherto been deprived of promise... particularly the... be divided, one portion to occupy the You Yangs heights and passes, and the other to attempt to force a passage. To the last the men were eager to remain and face the wea- ther, but the Governor and the General decided that it would be extremely wrong to take advantage of their zeal, and the camp was ordered to be broken up. About 300 went home that afternoon, and the remainder were despatched by special trains to their destination next day. It was pro- voking that the weather proved fine next day, but still the ground was so thoroughly sodden that the wisdom of the order to break camp has never been questioned. Through- out the volunteers behaved admirably; the duties they had allotted to them they per- formed uncomplainingly and well. There was a minimum of drunkenness, with the maximum of opportunity ; and the wet weather failed to damp their spirits. When the rain was at its hardest the camp resounded with choral singing and the music of the bands. The following table represents of what the camp was formed when most populous : GENERAL STATE OF THE FORCE IN CAMP, AT 9 O'CLOCK P.M., APRIL 15. Corps, &c.; Field Officers. Captains. Subalterns. Staff. Trumpeters or Buglers. Rank and File. Total. General Staff .. .. 8 3 .. .. 29 1 .. 41 H.M.V.S Nelson .. .. .. .. .. 2 .. 42 44 V.V.L. Horse— Metropolitan .. .. .. .. 1 .. 4 .. 9 14 Bacchus Marsh .. .. 1 .. 1 3 .. 10 15 Kyneton .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 .. 6 8 Castlemaine .. .. .. 2 2 3 3 .. 9 19 Sandhurst .. .. .. .. 1 .. 3 .. 10 14 Ballarat .. .. .. .. 1 .. 2 .. 10 13 Naval Volunteers— Williamstown .. .. 1 1 .. .. 3 3 22 30 Sandridge .. .. .. 1 2 .. 5 1 24 33 Artillery— East Melbourne .. 1 2 2 .. 9 .. 46 60 Williamstown .. .. .. 2 1 .. 4 .. 45 52 Emerald hill .. .. 1 1 .. .. 6 .. 43 51 St. Kilda .. .. .. .. 2 .. 3 .. 47 52 Brighton .. .. .. 1 1 .. 3 .. 25 30 Metropolitan .. .. .. 1 .. .. 7 .. 52 60 1st Geelong— Geelong .. .. 1 .. 1 2 3 .. 32 39 Drysdale .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. 3 4 2nd Geelong— Geelong .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 1 6 8 Western— Portland .. .. .. 1 1 .. 6 .. 33 41 Belfast .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 .. 14 16 Warrnambool .. .. 1 1 .. 1 .. 30 33 Engineers .. .. .. 1 1 .. 1 .. 36 39 Metropolitan Rifles— Metropolitan .. .. .. .. .. .. 5 1 53 59 Carlton .. .. .. .. 2 .. .. 4 1 59 66 Collingwood .. .. .. 3 .. .. 4 .. 38 45 East Collingwood .. .. .. 3 .. .. 2 1 28 34 Richmond .. .. 1 2 .. .. 5 1 46 55 Southern .. .. .. 2 2 .. 5 .. 42 51 Pentridge .. .. .. 2 .. 1 2 1 49 55 Ballarat Rifles— 1st Ballarat .. .. 1 2 .. .. 6 1 46 55 2nd Ballarat— Creswick .. .. .. 1 .. .. 2 .. 6 9 Clunes .. .. .. 1 1 .. 5 .. 33 40 3rd Ballarat .. .. .. 2 1 2 5 .. 59 69 Castlemaine Rifles— Bendigo .. .. 1 1 .. .. 3 .. 62 67 1st Castlemaine .. .. 1 2 .. 3 .. 24 30 2nd Castlemaine— Maldon .. .. .. 2 .. .. 3 .. 24 29 Kyneton .. .. .. .. 1 .. 1 .. 3 5 Total .. .. 15 42 24 9 158 11 1125 1385 Local forces .. .. .. .. .. 1,385 Ordnance branch .. .. .. .. 36 Police force .. .. .. .. .. 8 2-18th Regiment, &c.; .. .. .. 9 Total in camp.. .. .. .. 1,438 NEW ZEALAND NOTES. The news from New Zealand during the last month is vory important, and as indi- cating a speedy termination of the Maori difficulty, must be regarded as satisfactory. At the date of our last summary all was in confusion. Te Kooti had, it was said, through the incapacity and inertness of the officers in charge of the pursuing forces, escaped into the rebel fastnesses in the Uriwera country, where it was thought he would be comparatively safe, but since then later intelligence has been received, which puts a completely different complexion on the state of affairs. So much indignation was excited against Colonels M'Donnell and Fraser, the two officers who were in com- mand of the forces sent against Te Kooti, that the Government found it necessary to institute an investigation into their con- duct. Colonel M'Donnell was allowed to resign his position, and Colonel Fraser has unfortunately died of typhoid fever. Since then the task of capturing Te Kooti has been entrusted to the native allies, the terms of their agreement with the Government being that they should be supplied with rations, and in the event of their capturing Te Kooti, and thoroughly breaking up his force, that they should be paid a certain fixed sum. They are led by three good men, each commanding his own troop—Major Kemp, with his Vanganuis ; Major Ropata, with his Arawas and Ngatiparous; and Topia, the latest and consequently the most exuber- antly-zealous convert to Philo-Pakohaism. At this time, the position of Te Kooti was not known, almost the only clue to his movements being a wish that he had been heard to express to be allowed to settle down on his friend Hakaria's country, in the Uriwera district. Acting on this informa- tion, Ropata set out early in March to pene- trate the Uriwera country, by way of Ngatapa, with a considerable force, and nothing was heard of his movements for many days. Great anxiety was occa- sioned through the secrecy with which the rebels conducted their operations, but towards the middle of the month, it be- came known to Kemp and Topia, the other two leaders of the friendly natives, that Te Kooti was somewhere about the head of the Opotiki River—in his old haunts in the eastern part of the Uriwera country, and a considerable distance from the Warkari- Moana Lake, in the neighbourhood of which it was expected that he would be found. Te Kooti, or some of his party, did attempt a new raid on the Poverty Bay district, in which they overpowered a party of friendly natives at a pah near Opape, killing two of them, one being the only son of Wm. Marsh, a very popular chief of the Arawa tribe. That tribe had hung back from service under the pay-by-results system, but the death of this young man appeared to rouse them to action, and a considerable number of them were engaged in the subsequent fight. Te Kooti also captured a number of women and children, whom he carried off to the moun- tains. Ropata traversed the Uriwera dis- trict without learning anything of the where- abouts of Te Koti, but took Hakaria's pah, and about 50 prisoners, and subsequently he and Kemp joined their forces, and found the object of their search. On March 25, they attacked Mereatai pah, which was occupied by Te Kooti, and after an hour's engagement cap- tured it, killing 19 men, including the chief Hakaria, who was one of Mr. Volkner's mur- derers, and taking 325 prisoners. It is to be regretted that Te Kooti, and some 20 of his followers, contrived to escope, but after such a crushing disaster he is almost powerless, and can give but little more trouble, even if he is not captured. The latest accounts received from the seat of war state that the native forces are in ex- cellent spirits, while the remains of the enemy are proportionately disheartened, and Ropata appears detemined to seize Te Kooti, or kill him. The prisoners will be taken to Opotiki, whither Mr. M'Lean, the Native and Defence Minister, was at once to go from Auckland and arrange as to their disposal. Probably they will be drafted off to Otago and Canter- bury and other South Island towns, where their labour can be usefully employed in public works without competition with the labour of ordinary workmen. The policy of leaving the conduct of the war in the hands of the friendly natives is much questioned, and is not regarded with favour, but there can be no doubt that it tends to relieve the Treasury, and so far has been attended with none but beneficial results. There has also been a loud outcry on the sub- ject of the expenditure for war pur- poses. In some quarters it was asserted that the amount voted last session for war purposes had been greatly exceeded, but it would appear that the Treasurer has still a balance in hand of the £200,000 voted for actual and contingent war expenditure. The ascertained expenditure up to 31st of March last was £161,000, the estimated amount for the period still to pay is about £30,000, leaving in round numbers a balance of say £10,000 still available. Mr. Fox, the Premier of New Zealand, has written a despatch to Earl Granville on the subject of the departure of the last regiment of British troops, which he says marks "an epoch in the history of New Zealand." He shortly reviews the position of the colony at the time of the peremptory order for removal, a position known when the order was sent ; shows that there was no military necessity for such removal, but the reverse, considering the state of the natives, and the danger to British subjects ; points out how fraught with evil was Lord Granville's despatch siding with the natives, published as it was and trans- lated into Maori as it has been, and speaks of the injustice of publishing such despatches be- clearly from former Colonial ... that Lord Granville acted both unjustly and precipitately against the clear undertakings and proposals of his predecessors, and against the advice of Imperial officers, who knew the colony and its circumstances ; and shows that to carry through the policy with respect to the natives approved by former Secretaries of State, the colony had incurred great responsi- bilities—an expenditure, in proportion to its revenue, equivalent to an expenditure in Great Britain of £300,000,000, or to £500,000,000, if taken on the basis of popula- tion ; and concludes by observing, "that the removal of the troops, in the face of the offer of the colony to pay for a regiment, and all the surrounding circumstances which have been referred to, must leave in the minds of the colonists, and by them, if this new policy be persisted in, be handed down to the future inhabitants of New Zealand, a rankling feel- ing of alienation from the mother country, which, in the plenitude of power, has shown so little care for their feelings or their just claims." Parliament is expected to be called together about the middle of June, when Ministers anticipate being able to report that the dis- turbances which have so long agitated the island and retarded its prosperity are over. Even the Taranaki and Wanganui districts which have suffered so much from the war are fast recovering, and marked progress in the settlement of the country is observable. Some debate has recently occurred in Wan- ganui regarding an order issued by Major Noakes, the officer in command of the Patea and Wanganui districts, permitting natives unarmed to pass along the roads. This was construed into a permission to the ex-rebels turned out of the Waitotara district to return to and reoccupy their lands, and the settlers accordingly got indignant, held meetings, armed themselves, and forcibly turned back two or three unarmed natives who had passed into the district. Letters from Mr. Fox and Major Noakes have been published, stating definitely that there is no intention whatever of permitting the return of any of these natives. The news from the gold fields is rather en- couraging. The cry of destitution raised by some of the Thames miners has subsided, it being ascertained that it was more affected than real. The collapse of a number of the bubble companies which were started when the gold fever was at its height has now cleared the way for legitimate enterprise and speculation. The social news of the month contains but few items of interest. Floods have occurred on the West Coast gold-fields of the Middle Island, and a slight shock of earthquake was felt, but the damage to property, though con- siderable, was not alarming. MEAT-PRESERVING. This new industry continues to progress favourably, and the various companies en- gaged in it are actively employed in endea- vouring to supply the increasing demand which has sprung up in Europe for Australian preserved meat. The Melbourne Meat-pre- serving Company held its fifth half-yearly meeting on the 4th April, when a very favour- able report and balance-sheet were presented, and a dividend declared at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, leaving a balance of £9,342 to the credit of the company. The enterprise had not only proved a success commercially, but it had also sustained the price of stock ; and completely refuted the assertion that tinned meats might sell, but would never pay. The question of establishing branch factories at Ballarat, Hamilton, and elsewhere was discussed at the meeting, and the direc- tors were instructed to make inquiries as to the desirability of establishing branch fac- tories in various parts of the colony, and then to call a general meeting of the shareholders to consider their decision, and the propriety of increasing the capital of the company for that purpose. It was stated in the course of the discussion that propositions had been received from gentlemen in the Ballarat stock trade to the effect that if a branch factory were opened there they would be able to raise the neces- sary capital, say £25,000, in that locality. There can be no room for doubt that boiling- down and meat- preserving can be carried on more profitably in different places in the country than in Melbourne, and the sheep and cattle would be in a better condition. Meat from stock slaughtered up the country will be more juicy, better flavoured in the preserved state, and more easily preserved, than that from stock which has been driven a long distance to town. Even sheep that are sent by train, from the crowding in yards and trucks, frequently arrive in a fevered state, and quite unfit to be killed. There is much to be said in favour of the establishment of branch fac- tories in different parts of the country, as the quality of the meat will not only be improved, but the expenses of preserving may also be reduced, thus giving the company a double advantage, enabling them to produce a better article at a cheaper rate. The Victoria Meat-preserving Company, which was originally composed of a few pri- vate individuals, has now developed into a large joint-stock company, under the Limited Liability Statute. According to the pros- pectus, it is proposed to issue 10,000 shares of £5 each, one moiety of 5,000 shares to be sold in Victoria, and the remainder in London. The capital put into the original venture, experiments and all, may be put down at £5,000, which has been amply re- turned by way of profit. The new company propose to erect new premises at Stony Creek, Footscray, where, not being cramped for room, they can extend their operations, and continue to pursue their successful career under even more favourable circumstances. They do not propose to confine themselves to preserving meat in tallow—the original process used—but also to preserve in tins, and, if found to answer, accord- ing to Professor Gamgee's new process. It is meat preserved by this company that constitutes the penny dinners at Norton Fol- gate, London, which have been so success- fully introduced by Mr. D. Tallerman, the agent of the company. The result of the first public sale of Australian preserved meats, under the superintendence of Mr. Taller- man, is regarded out here with great satisfaction, and as a direct encourage- ment for the different companies to push forward with their operations. The Australia Felix Meat preserving Company, which has been established during the last six months, is also in a flourishing condi- tion. Aft the first general meeting, held on April 20, a satisfactory report and balance sheet was submitted, showing a net profit of £110 19s. 9d. on the operations of the half year. The directors announced that the whole of the meat prepared at the company's works had been either disposed of for cash on the spot, or under liberal advances through well- known Melbourne houses ; and that a demand had set in for the company's tallow beyond what they had been hitherto able to supply, and at the very highest cash market price. The Warrnambool company have commenced their operations in earnest, and it is stated that about 2,000 sheep are being killed weekly at the factory, and that the preserving is going on at the rate of nearly 1,000 tins per day. The meats of this company will shortly be shipped to England ; 25 tons have been already sent to Melbourne for that purpose, besides 2,950 sheepskins and 35 casks of tallow. A local demand for the preserved meat has sprung up at Warrnambool, par- ticularly for tongues, which command a ready sale. The public, however, object to the prices as being too high ; the price for tongues, for example, being 9d. per lb. ; for boiled mutton, 6½d. ; and for boiled mutton, without bone, 7½d. per lb. This is evidently a mistake. If the company cannot supply the home market at a more reasonable price, their chance of competing successfully in forcing a market at the antipodes will be small indeed. A meat-preserving company is about to be started at Sandhurst, where a number of gentlemen of capital and influence, at a preliminary meeting convened for the purpose of considering the propriety of initiat- ing such an undertaking, were unanimous in declaring it feasible. The position of Sand- hurst, being so close to Riverina, is regarded as favourable for the project. The price of stock has risen somewhat, but there is no fear of the companies being forced to suspend operations this winter, as they had last, on account of the extravagant prices charged for stock. The arrival of the Crusader, which has on board several packages of meat preserved by Professor Gamgee, is anxiously looked for, as, not- withstanding the failure of the last consign- ment, great interest is felt in the success of the new process. An impotus has been given to meat preserving in New South Wales, and several companies have been started. One has been projected in Sydney, the provisional directors of which have issued a business- like prospectus, with very good names at- tached. Another has been set on foot at Deniliquin, with a capital of 3,000 shares, at £1 each, to be increased to 10,000 if desirable ; and a provisional directory has boon ap- pointed. The amount of capital with which this company proposes to start is far too small. It is a great mistake to start a com- pany of this kind without sufficient capi- tal. The preliminary expenses are not only for distant markets, which are carried on amount of capital before a return can be effected even under the most favourable cir- cumstances. Several tons and casks of meat, preserved by Manning's process, were recently examined at Sydney, and amongst them a tin of the same lot reported on so unfavour- ably by Dr. Voelcker, was opened, and was declared to be perfectly sound. Some jars of beef preserved in Queensland during very hot weather were also opened, but the result was not satisfactory. The process has lately been improved, with the view of being able to pack the meat in casks and avoid the expense of tinning ; and three casks of mutton and beef put up at different times within the last six months were tried, the meat in them proving to be quite sweet and of good colour. These are to be kept for the Great Exhibition, and tested more fully then both in a cooked and uncooked state. Mr. Steiger, the German chemist who assisted Mr. Manning in his earlier experiments, has lately still further improved his process. The chemicals employed are said to be so volatile that no trace of them is observable shortly after opening the tins, and samples are now being shown about which keep good for several days after being opened, and the flavour of which is said to be unexception- able. The patentees are, of course, very sanguine as to the success of this modified process. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. There has not been any change of import- ance in the progress of mining affairs in the colony since the last mail left. On Ballarat, complaints of dulness still continue. The operations that have been carried on in the Hepburn mines have given increased confi- dence to the holders of stocks in companies there. The No. 1 South and Crown Quartz shares at Hepburn, have advanced steadily in price. The Southern Freehold is the name of a new company formed to work a piece of freehold land lying to the south of the No. 1 South and Crown Quartz Companies, on the now famous freehold reefs at Hepburn. The land does not join the Crown or the South, some allotments intervening, but from the rich quality of stone found upon it some years ago, and the position in which it lies, there seems to be no doubt it is in the line of rich stone. The shares are already at a pre- mium. The mining manager of the Princess of Wales Company, Egerton, sent in a most gratifying piece of news for the shareholders, to the effect that the reef going south main- tains its full size, and that it is widening out to the north every foot that is driven in that direction, and that gold is easily seen in the stone. An alteration has been made in the mode of disposing of the Winter's Freehold shares, which will be best explained to the English shareholders as follows :—The company is re- gistered as representing 12,960 scrip, some paid up and some not paid up. Mr. W. C. Smith was, on his visit to England, em- powered to sell 6,480, but as there was no chance of doing so, 1,000 of these were left in the hands of the London agent, and by the last mail advices were received of the sale of 603, leaving 397 on hand. The remaining 5,480 are retained by the company, which, with the 397 unsold in London, make up 5,877 shares not allotted (there being 6,480 allotted in this colony), which, deducted from the full registered number, 12,960, leaves 7,083. Wben, therefore, the directors decided to sell per 7,083rd share in future, instead of per 1,080th, of the colonial issue, many people thought there must be some mistake, as "a scrip" in the company must surely be a 12,960th interest ; but the recent discoveries in the mine have led the directors to expect very large gold returns before long, and acting on this expectation, they think they see their way clearly to pay off all their liabilities without being compelled to issue any more shares, and if their hopes be realised, the 5,877 unsold shares will be written off, thus reducing the original number intended to be issued to 7,083, the actual issue. How far the position of those who bought previous to this change may be affected at law, or how the positions of those who buy now may be effected hereafter should it be found necessary to issue more shares, are matters for investors themselves to study. At present it certainly must be an advantage to holders to find their interests increased from a 12,960th to a 7,083rd —not very far short of 50 per cent. Although business in the mining world of Ballarat has languished somewhat, mining progresses on Sandhurst with a constancy which speaks well for the future, and although a few of the old lines of reef were dull latterly, that has been more than made up by the in- creasing activity caused through the opening up and working of new lines. The residents of the Sandhurst, or old Bendigo district, are even, with perhaps pardonable complacency, beginning to term their gold- field the leading one in the colony. Fresh leases are being taken up in all directions of the district by bona fide speculators who possess the neces- sary capital to carry out the ventures in which they embark. The yield of gold for the month of March was the largest that had been obtained since the system of monthly reporting was adopted in the district. It was 21,173oz. 19dwt. 23gr., or an average of 5,293oz. 14dwt. 23gr. per week. As the re- ported purchases during the month never went higher than 2,500oz. per week, it must be apparent from the return that private companies were doing as well as the public companies were. The value of the gold pur- chased in March was approximately £84,469, as against £75,556 in the previous month of February. Another instance of the remarkable way in which nuggets are sometimes turned up in the colony, was furnished last week, when a nugget weighing 69oz. was ploughed up on Mr. Allan's farm, Mount Prospect, Bullarook, near Ballarat. As nuggets are always wel- come things, and as this may lead to the opening up of new ground, it may be honoured as a very pleasant and "welcome stranger." The lump was only a few inches below the surface, and has what looks like ferruginous conglomerate attached to it, but is nearly all gold, and well waterworn, Speaking of nuggets, it may be said that the Berlin gold-field, rendered so famous during the past year for the large amount of heavy gold found there, keeps up its reputa- tion. The number of nuggets unearthed during the last week from the various gullies and flats in and around Berlin and neigh- bourhood, says a local journal, appear to be us great as usual. On Thursday, the 14th inst., 171b. weight of gold, in four nuggets, got by different parties, was sold at one store at Tyler's ; and another party on Saturday, the 16th inst., brought into Inglewood six small nuggets, weighing in the aggregate about 43oz., and ranging from 2¼oz. to 14oz., which they had obtained in John's paddock, at the back of Solomon's store. There has recently been a rush on the Acheron River, in the Mansfield district. The new country promises to be a valuable adjunct to our other gold-fields. A special meeting of the shareholders of the Hand and Band Company, Ballarat, was held on the 20th inst, when the reports of the chairman and mining manager were read, and after some little show of opposi- tion, adopted, the liabilities of the company being shown at £21,000. It was finally de- cided to increase the capital of the company by the issue of 12,800 new shares at £4 each, which will make the total number of shares 25,600. A new quartz-crushing battery was exhi- bited on Ballarat on the 20th inst, which is thus spoken of by our local correspondent :— "The little atmospheric battery exhibited by Mr. Smith is likely to prove a most valuable addition to our mechanical appliances for mining, especially as a pioneer battery. It is so small, so easily handled, so readily taken down and set up again, so rapid and excellent in its action, and so cheap in price, that it must soon find its way into general use by small parties of miners working re- mote from centres of population. It is nominally of seven-horse power, but may be reduced to two-horse, or increased to 14 horse power ; it is capable of crushing 50 tons of the hardest stone per week ; but 30 tons may certainly be relied on, and it can be made for from £100 to £150. The stamps weigh only 75lb. each, but fall with the weight of 1,000lb. by means of the application of a vacuum." AGRICULTURE. The drought and its immediate conse- quences have been terminated most effec- tually by the fall of upwards of three inches of rain within little more than a week. This came down at intervals, so that compara- tively a small portion run to waste, and the ground, so hard before, is now in beautiful older for the plough. Such a state of things will be made the most of by the farmers, lest the rains should be too frequent now that they have commenced, as was the case in New South Wales ; but of this there need be little fear, for the equinoctial change brought us the rain in due course, while those further north came in the middle of summer, and partook of a tropical character. A break in .... may safely be calculated on either in the first or second week of April, the remainder of this month, as well as May and June, generally passing over with- out any long-continued or very heavy rains. Thus if the land receives sufficient moisture, as it has done this year, the farmer has usually a couple of very favourable months for getting in his winter crops of wheat and oats. Early ploughing is becoming the rule now on all except the smallest farms, so that two months suffice to get in the bulk of the crops, work that ought to be finished early in June to allow of their ripening before the very hot weather sets in. Last summer was a very trying one for grain and root crops, as we had nearly three months of ex- ceedingly hot weather without a shower heavy enough to lay the dust, to say nothing of penetrating the soil, yet maize, sorghum, and mangolds stood it out wonderfully well with an occasional loosening of the earth between the rows with a horse hoe, and are now rapidly making up for lost time. All the large leaves were scorched, and withered off the mangolds except on the low-lying river flats, but in a few days these will be fully replaced again, and the roots will continue to grow all through the winter. This has been just the summer to test their endurance severely, and they have proved once more their ability to furnish, together with sugar beet, a full supply of nutritions and succulent food to milch cows and pigs all through the autumn, or when this is most needed. Butter is very high in price just now, and will con- tinue so for some months, in consequence solely of the cows being allowed to fall off in condition for the want of a little extra feeding when the grass fails. This is fast becoming abundant again, but, when young and quickly grown at this season, acts injuriously on poor cattle, and keeps them weak for some time. Thus dairy farmers lose greatly by not having a few acres of mangolds and maize, and the public have to pay 2s. or 2s. 6d. a pound for butter, getting but little that is good even at such prices. Other articles of farm produce are cheap enough, if we except hams and bacon, and they are dear for the same reason that butter is,— namely, a want of judiciously mixed farming. Wheat, oats, and hay are principally run upon, with potatoes in the few districts especially suited to their growth, and all are low in price this year, with the prospect of their continuing so for two or three years, for which length of time we may expect favour- able and plentiful seasons. The vintage is now pretty well over, all the grapes having been gathered in the earlier districts. The yield is generally rather better than it was last year, though not very large, and those of the grapes that were gathered before much rain fell have produced a must of superior strength. There has been some discussion lately as to whether wine-making is likely to pay or not, a few writers and vignerons holding the opi- nion that there will be no market shortly for the half of what we will make, and that the only resource for the winegrowers will be dis- tillation for brandy ; but stocks are not accu- mulating much as yet, and good wine sells readily enough at remunerative prices. The truth is, that many persons commenced the planting of vineyards with exaggerated ideas as to the prices they were to obtain for their wine, and, after managing them expensively so long as their money lasted, are now disappointed at getting about 2s. a gallon, instead of from 5s. to 10s. Such persons have bought their experience rather dearly, but in other hands, and with due economy in the management their vineyards will be made to pay well. The colonial wine trade is but in its infancy as yet, and has suffered much by getting into the hands of persons wanting either experience or capital, nor have any of the vineyards had much chance of establish- ing a character for the production of parti- cular sorts of wines ; but the industry would appear to be on a sound basis, for those who have vineyards on land of their own are mostly extending them. One very apparent effect of the rain is of course to make feed for stock abundant again. In some districts grass and water were both extremely scarce, but there will be no want of either for some time. It was seriously stated in one of the country papers that blades of grass were seen to grow as much as six inches in a day ; but, although that was most pro- bably an exaggeration, the same growth might have been witnessed in grass or blades of young grain within a week. The districts north of us, and from which we receive many drafts of fat stock, were visited by rain much before it fell in this colony, so that we need fear no scarcity of meat, either for ordinary consumption or the preserving establish- ments, while our own sheep and cattle are becoming fit for market. The annual meet- ings are over just now, though only for a limited period, as ploughing matches will shortly commence, and the last of the grain or autumn shows is barely reported before the days for some of the early spring shows are announced. These will not, however, commence before August. Fowler's direct- action double engine steam plough is still fully employed, at contract prices, varying from 15s. to £1 an acre, and is doing such capital work that most probably several more sets of tackle will be required before next season. DIAMOND-MINING. The mining operations at the Mudgee dig- gings appear to have been somewhat slack during the last month or so ; no doubt the wet weather was, to a great extent, the cause. A telegram, received on the 11th inst, an- nounced that more diamonds had been re- ceived from the workings at Two-mile Flat; one weighed 2½ carats. Eight hundred small diamonds were sold at Mudgee on the 11th for £600. The Australian Diamond Mines Company have obtained 90 diamonds, weighing 18½ carats, also 2oz. 19dwt. of gold, from their mine at Two-mile Flat since the last mail left. Floods have hindered the progress of the works. Another discovery of diamonds in this colony has taken place. Some small stones found in Kidd's Gully, Daylesford, by Messrs. Cugley, Thorp, and Co., were brought to Mel- bourne for examination a few days since, and one of them was pronounced by Mr. E. Brunke, jeweller, of Bourke-street, to be a diamond of the first water, and nearly a carat in weight. It was found in Messrs. Cugley, Thorp, and Co.'s claim. Mr. Cugley asserts that stones of the same description have passed through his hands in consider- able numbers when washing up tailings at various times. Mr. Brunke says he has bought some 20 diamonds within the last six months found by various diggers within a radius of 10 miles from Talbot. He believes that if the attention of enterprising men were drawn to this fact, a mine might be opened in Victoria that would equal any in the sister colony, especially as the crystals coming from the Talbot neighbourhood are mostly of very fine water. Furthermore, in searching for this noblest of gems, gold would be gained in far greater quantities than in the diamond companies' claims now existing, as it pays men to look for the gold alone. THE LABOUR MARKET. The long-continued drought having now fairly broken up, farming operations have been resumed with great activity throughout the country, and there has been a correspond- ing demand created for farm labourers. All descriptions of tradesmen are able to obtain full work at the current rate of wages. In many parts of the country the rates rule higher than those quoted. On one Go- vernment contract the bricklayers employed were receiving 12s. per day, and an attempt was made to extort 14s. per day by means of a strike. For domestic servants the demand is as great and as badly supplied as ever. Since last mail the immigrant ship Percy has arrived with 366 passengers, but, owing to sickness on board, the vessel has been detained at the Quarantine-ground. As most of these passengers will go to their friends, the market will be but slightly re- lieved. The following are the rates of wages : Domestic Servants for Town.—House- maids, £20 to £30 per annum : female cooks, £35 to £40 per annum ; male do., 20s. to 60s. per week ; nursemaids, £20 to £30 per an- num ; laundresses, £30 to £40 per annum. For Hotels.—Cooks, male and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; grooms, 15s. to 20s, per week. For Stations.—First-class married couples for home stations, £60 to £80 per annum ; second class do., £50 to £60 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £50 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; nursemaids, £25 to £30 per do. ; grooms, £40 to £55 per do. For Farms.—Cooks, £30 to £40 per annum ; married couples, £40 to £50 per do. ; general female servants, £30 to £35 per do. Station Hands.—Married couples for out- stations, £40 to £50 per annum ; shepherds, first-class, £35 to £45 do.; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 do.; general station hands, 15s. per week; lads, 10s. to 12s. per week. Farm Servants.—Ploughmen, 15s. to 20s. per week ; horse-drivers, 15s. to 20s. do. ; ordinary farm labourers, 15s. do. All the above servants are fed and lodged by their employers. Where rations are given, the following is the scale per week allowed in Victoria :—10lb. to 12lb. meat (beef or mutton), 10lb. flour, 2lb. sugar, and ¼lb. tea. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen are without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.—Among stonemasons, brick layers, plasterers, and carpenters an arrange- ment has been made with the employers that the rate of wages shall be 10s. per day ; builders' labourers (hodmen), 7s. per day ; pick and shovel men, 6s. per day. Tailors.—In first class establishments good men are scarce, and constant work is to be had at the average of from £3 to £3 15s. per week. In second-class establishments the average earnings are from £2 10s. to £3. In factories, tailors, best hands, average £2 10s. Tailoresses can earn as follows :—Trouser and vest hands, 30s. per week ; coat do., 35s. ; pressers, £2. Clothing Machinists.—Best, 30s. per week; ordinary, 20s. ; shirtmakers (machinists), girls, 12s. 6d. to 17s. ; cutters, 15s. 6d. to 30s. ; finishing, 2s. to 6s. per doz. Bootmakers.—In the best establishments, for bespoke work, the rates paid are as fol- low :—Wellingtons, 14s. 6d. ; elastics, 12s. ; closing, 8s. ; riding boots, back strap, 24s. In factories good workmen can earn from £2 to £2 15s. per week at slop work. Ordinary hands earn £2 per week. Cabinetmakers.—In the best shops the average earnings of good tradesmen is 12s. per day and upwards, according to ability ; polishers, 10s. to 11s. In second-class estab- lishments and factories first hands make 10s. per day, and for cabriole work 12s. ; up- holsterers, 9s. to 10s. ; polishers, 8s. to 9s. ; saw-mill hands, 10s. to 12s. per day of eight hours. Iron Founders, Smiths, &c.;—Smiths are paid per hour, and good men can earn on an average 10s. to 14s. per day ; fitters, 9s. to 12s ; turners, 14s. ; moulders, 11s. to 14s. ; pattern-makers, 10s. to 13s. ; mechanical engineers, 12s. to 14s. Shoeing smiths earn on an average £2 10s. per week of 10 hours per day. Stevedores' Men.—Lumpers and wool- stowers are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, 16s. The rate never alters, but there is often a good deal of broken time. Donkey-engine drivers, about £4 per week ; engineers in tow- boats, £16 per month. Painters.—Ordinary hands get 8s. per day, but work is not very steady in this trade. Watch Jobbers.—Advertisements have ap- peared for steady men in this trade at £4 per week ; this may be taken as the ordinary rate. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week. Saddlers and Harnessmakers.—The best hands in this trade earn £3 per week—time, 10 hours per day ; second class (mostly young men), 25s. to 30s. Bakers.—First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trade is 10 hours per day. Gardeners.—First-class men—without ra- tions—for situations near town, get 50s. to 60s. per week, but the demand for best hands is very limited ; do. for country, 50s. ; second class do., near town, 36s. to 42s. per week; third class for country (with rations), 15s. to 20s. Butchers.—Shopmen receive from 35s. to 40s. per week ; boys 20s. to 25s. per do. each, with board and lodging. The hours in this trade are long. Miners.— The average rate for miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight hours' shift : breaksmen get a slightly higher rate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz miners in deep sinking, for pit-work, get £2 10s. ; ordinary quartz-miners, £2 5s. and £2, according to the character of the work ; engi- neers get from £3 10s. to £3; ordinary labourers, 5s. to 6s. 6d. per day. In Bendigo a great deal of the mining is done on tribute. The rates for Bendigo and Ballarat are generally accepted throughout the country as the criterion for quartz and alluvial miners' wages. THE WEATHER. The rain which had been so long and anxiously looked for, and the absence of which had caused such serious apprehensions of drought, has at length made its appearance in Victoria. Not, however, as in the neigh- bouring colonies, attended by disastrous floods and the destruction of crops and property, but in seasonable and genial, though copious, showers. This change in the weather was observable more particularly on the 14th, when heavy rain descended, accompanied by a fresh southerly gale. Rain fell for the three succeeding days, making the total rainfall since the beginning of the sear 6.73in., which was considerably greater than the rainfall during the corresponding period of last year, or for the four years pre- viously. A magnificent display of the Aurora Australis occurred on the night of the 5th inst. For brilliancy and duration it was per- haps one of the most remarkable of this description of phenomena which have been seen in southern latitudes for some years. On Monday, the 18th, the weather became fine and warm, but since then the rain has again appeared, and there seems at present every prospect of its continuing for some time. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns for the Government lines of railway for the week ending 14th April show a large increase over the corresponding period of last year, especially in the returns for the carriage of passengers, while the aggregate to date for last year shows a small increase, but that date includes the returns derived during the Easter holidays. The returns from the passengers' traffic amounts to £5,854 5s. 8d. as against £3,590 9s. 6d. for the corre- sponding period of last year, showing an in- crease in the return from this branch of traffic of £2,265 16s. 2d. in favour of the present year. In the returns from mails, rents, &c.;, the amount received is £129 9s., as against £433 10s. 8d., showing a falling-off in this return of £304 1s. 8d. In the amount received for the carriage of horses, dogs, parcels, &c.; there is but a slight difference, which is in favour of the present year. For the carriage of goods and minerals the return is £6,453 13s. 2d., as against £6,683 10s. 1d. last year, showing a falling-off in the receipts of this branch of traffic of £229 16s. 11d. The total returns for the week amount to £13,157 10s. 6d., as against £11,308 3s. 11d., showing an increase of £1,867 6s. 7d. over the returns for the cor- responding week of last year. The aggregate returns to date amount to £162,363 6s. 2d., as against £166,069 16s. 7d., showing a falling off, as compared with last year's returns, of £3,706 10s. 5d. The weekly average for 15 weeks is £10,824 4s. 4d., against £11,071 6s. 5d. last year, showing a weekly falling-off in the returns of £247 2s. 1d. The following statement shows the gross revenue of the Victorian Railways from the 1st January in the following years :—To the 12th April, 1866, £162,071 11s. 2d. ; to the 18th April, 1867, £160,135 12s. 11d. ; to 16th April, 1868, £170,206 7s. 1d. ; to 15th April, 1869, £166,069 13s. 7d.; to 14th April, 1870, £162,363 6s. 2d. The returns of the traffic on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company for the four weeks ending the 15th April, com- pare very favourably with the corresponding returns for the same period last year, parti- larly when it is considered that last year's re- turns include the Easter holidays. This will fully account for the falling off noted in the passenger traffic, the return for which amounts to £7,178 4s. 11d., as against £7,638 6s. 3d. for the same period last year, showing a reduction of £460 1s. 6d. For the carriage of merchandise the return is £2,781 0s. 1d. as against £2,718 19s. 2d. last year, showing an increase of £62 0s. 11d. over last year's returns. The total returns for the month amount to £9,959 5s. as against £10,357 5s. 5d., showing a falling-off in the month's returns of £398 0s. 5d. The weekly average amounts to £2,835 6s. 6d. as against £2,830 8s. 4d., showing an increase of £4 18s. 2d. over last year's returns. The aggregate returns from the 1st January to 14th April inclusive amount to £42,124 17s. 1d. as against £42,456 4s. 10d., the returns to the 15th April inclusive, last year, showing a difference of £31 7s. 9d. in favour of last year, but with one day's returns extra. RACING. The racing season is gradually drawing to a close, there having been only the small coun- try autumn meetings held during the last month. The Ballarat Steeplechase Meeting was the only one that had any attraction for metropolitan racing men, and though the weather was anything but promising, a large number of visitors went up to assist at the day's sport, and their pluck in venturing forth was rewarded by the sky clearing up and fine bracing weather setting in, which enabled them to enjoy the racing in comfort. The first race was a Selling Steeplechase, which was won by Blueskin, an old and well- known cross- country horse. Mary Jane was the only other horse who succeeded in getting round the course. The Hurdle Race, about which there had been a good deal of betting, was won by Royston, although it was evident that Yorkshireman, who was second, could have won with ease had he not been held back at the finish. Both horses are said to belong to one owner, but as they were entered in different names the public were not aware of the fact, and a good deal of dissatisfaction was expressed at the way in which the race was run. Dictator, who was a great favourite, and had been backed to win a large sum of money, fell while running in a good position, and broke his leg in two places. A trotting race followed, which was won by Nimrod, who received 750 yards' start, out of about four miles, from "The Buck;" five others started. The ground was very heavy, and quite unfitted for trotting, otherwise the position of the horses might have been altered. Seven horses started for the Steeplechase, the winner being The Deer, carrying 10st. 13lb., Babbler, carrying 11st, 8lb., being a close second. The course was a very severe one, the distance being about four miles, over stiff post-and- rail fences, most of them quite new, and a log and stone wall. The Selling Hurdle Race was a very unsatisfactory affair, the winner being Valentine, who had not the slightest chance in the Handicap Hurdle Race, while Royston, the winner of that race, only secured second place, the difference of weight between the first and last races being considerably in favour of the last-named horse. On Easter Monday there were several small race meet- ings in the neighbourhood of Melbourne, but the prizes were small, and the horses engaged of no great fame. The betting market is almost entirely at a stand-still, as all the members of the ring left for Sydney on the night of the Ballarat races, to be present at the Randwick meeting, to commence on the 23rd inst. PEDESTRIANISM AND SPORTS. The English pedestrians, Bird, Hewitt, and Topley, with Ledger, their trainer, have left Victoria for a time, and are now located in Sydney, where they have appeared in some matches, and—as they were once in Ballarat and once in Melbourne—have been beaten, with the exception of Topley, who won a walking match easily. The fact of their being vanquished in Sydney, however, makes little impression on the Australian public after their performances in Victoria, where they ran first, evidently in an unprepared state of training, and as a consequence were defeated, which defeat they afterwards nullified by beating as they chose all who were opposed to them, excepting in the short races between Hewitt and Harris, the Australian champion. The dispute betweun the two competitors named is not yet settled. As it now stands, each man is the winner of two events— Harris of the 150 and 200 yards races, and Hewitt of the 440 and the 100 yards. The contest for the 300 yards race was declared a dead heat, and after a great deal of haggling whether the race should be run again or not, it has been decided to bring it off on a straight course on the 21st ot May. There have been several fêtes held during the holiday season, at which a number of athletic sports were brought off, but they were of too local and unimportant a character to be in- teresting to readers at a distance from the colony. Owing to the sudden breaking up of the Volunteer encampment at Sunbury, the files were exceedingly well attended, more especially the Druids' gala in the Friendly Societies Gardens, at which about 10,000 per- sons were present. The Melbourne Annual Regatta contests were held on the Saturday before Easter and on Easter Tuesday. The rowing for the dif- ferent events was excellent, and the regatta was what is termed a decided success, though the enjoyment on the first day was to an ex- tent marred by the very heavy rains that fell. The Grand Challenge Cup was won by the Richmond Club, the Maiden Gig Race by the University Club, the Maiden Pair by Messrs. W. H. Devine and L. W. Boll, of the Melbourne Club; the Gardiner Challenge Cup, by the Richmond Club ; and the Chal- lenge Sculls for the Australasian Cup by A. Nicholls, a former holder, who wrested the cup from B. C. Jones, but in a measure through ill-luck on the part of the latter, who spoiled his chance by first rowing inside a buoy and then running into a bank. The Maiden Gig race was won by the Civil Service Club. Mr. A. D. Michie, a son of our new Attorney-General, secured the Maiden Out- riggers Sculls; the Maiden Clinkers Sculls fell to Mr. C. Young, of the Warehousemen's Club ; and the Challenge Pair Race was car- ried off by D. Wilkie and Mr, T. C. Hope, of the University Club. THE THEATRES. Mr. Lyster's Italian and English opera com- pany, on the 3rd inst, closed what may justly be termed the most successful opera season, so far as pecuniary matters are con- cerned, that has yet been held in this colony. The season had lasted about two months, and although a considerable increase was made in the price of admission to all parts of the Theatre Royal, the money was cheerfully paid, and the interest of the public never flagged. The operas which were submitted during the latter part of the season were "Maritana," "Norma," and "Faust," the performances of Madame Simonsen as Mari- tana, and Mr. Armes Beaumont as Don Cæsar de Bazan, in the first-named, of Signora Baratti as Norma in the second, and of Signora Baratti as Margaret, Mr. Beau- mont as Faust, and Signor Dondi as Mephis- topheles in the third, being so much appreciated as to command a well-filled house at each representation. The opera company have since gone to Sydney, where they have com- menced a season, at the conclusion of which they will return to Melbourne, which they only quitted to make way for the engage- ment of the management with the world-re- nowned Charles Mathews. Unquestionably the greatest event to be chronicled this month is the appearance of the versatile actor and comedian, Mr. Charles Mathews, who arrived in the colony safe and well about the middle of March, and opened here at the Theatre Royal on the 5th inst, to a crowded house, not- withstanding that the increased charges of the opera season were to some extent continued. The parts selected by Mr. Mathews for his opening were Mr. Mopus in "Married for Money," and Captain Patter in his own favourite farce of "Patter versus Clatter." It is almost needless to say that a crowded house and an enthusiastic re- ception greeted the distinguished actor, and since then his success in all respects has been fully assured. Mr. Mathews has since appeared as Sir Charles Coldstream in "Used-up," and Sir Fretful Plagiary and Mr. Puff in "The Critic." Of his success on the Australian stage, there can be but one opinion. The doubts of those who, having seen him a score of years ago, questioned the possibility of his retaining the qualities which then made him so acceptable, have beon en- tirely dissipated, and his coming here can hardly fail to improve the public taste, as it will promote a healthy emulation in our own young actors. A dinner was given by the Athenæum Club to Mr. Mathews, on the 31st March, at which Captain Standish presided, and at which the guest delivered one of those characteristic speeches which stamp him as a close observer of men as well as a great actor. The Princess's Theatre was opened on Easter Monday for a short season, and so far good houses have been the rule. The principal attractions are Mr. Akhurst's burlesque of "King Arthur," and the dancing of the sisters Duvalli. The Haymarket Theatre is at present in a state of siege, not by audiences crowding to witness some specially appreciated entertain- ments, but by the pretensions of rival claimants for the lease of the theatre. Messrs. Harwood, Coppin, and Co., who for some time have held all the theatres here, have a lease of the Haymarket for the present year, but Mr. Sullivan, a trustee of the theatre for the bondholders, has disputed their right of possession, as he has not signed their lease, which is a renewed one. The only other trustee, Mr. Mackenzie, is now paying a visit away from the colony, and the result of all the cir- cumstances combined is one of great confu- sion. At present Mr. Sullivan holds possession of the gallery of the theatre, having a police- man and a bull-dog stationed there, and Messrs. Harwood, Coppin, and Co. have pos- session of the stage, where they are obliged to keep and feed some 40 or 50 men to retain their standing, as it is believed if they had fewer men Mr. Sullivan would immediately raise a mob sufficient to eject their guardians. On Good Friday evening, concerts of sacred music were given in the Theatre Royal and in St. George's-hall ; but although each enter- tainment was well deserving of patronage, the rainfall on that evening was so very heavy as to prevent the attendance of more than a small audience at each place. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS- PITAL. The following is the list of the deaths that have taken place in the Melbourne Hospital since our last summary, specifying, as far as is known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : Bratt, Wm., aged 80 years, died March 25, of dysentery ; further particulars unknown. Bruce, Grace, aged 45 years, native of Liver- pool ; arrived in 1831, by the Actor ; died March 28, of cancer of the breast. Beasley, Elizabeth, aged 39, domestic, native of Wilt- shire ; arrived in 1866, by the Arabian ; died April 8, of phthisis. Cunningham, Wm., aged 23, labourer, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1862, by the Marco Polo ; died April 4, of disease of the spine. Davey, Wm., aged 42, labourer, native of Devonshire ; arrived in 1867, ship unknown ; died March 25, of pleurisy. Dalton, Ellen, aged 48, domestic, native of Cork ; arrived in 1849,by the Royal Consort ; died March 28, of phthisis and morbus cordis. Dalton, Edward, aged 44, miner, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1857, by the Donald Mackay ; died March 30, of aneurism. Deslandes, Charles, aged 16, native of Jersey ; arrived in 1855 ; further particulars unknown ; died April 13, of peri- carditis. Ewens, Benjamin, aged 27, sailor, native of South Wales ; arrived in 1867, by the Salsette ; died April 14, of abscess over groin. Harfman, John, aged 27, seaman, native of Hanover ; arrived in 1870, by the Cambridge ; died March 31, of phthisis. Jones, Mary, aged 40, domestic, native of Wales ; arrived in 1854, ship unknown ; died April 5, of cardiac. Jones, Thomas, aged 46, waterman, native of Deptford; arrived in 1857, by the Lansdowne ; died April 12, of pneumonia. Lyman, Frederick, aged 31, seaman, native of Sweden ; arrived in 1867, by the Korong ; died April 5, of phthisis. Mann, Ann, aged 70, native of Bedford- shire; arrived in 1852, by the John Taylor; died March 29, of diarrhœa. M'Kenny, Daniel, aged 15, mason, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1863, by the Nelson ; died April 4, ot diarrhœa. Murray, Wm., aged 38, carter, native of Ireland : arrived in 1854, by the Eagle; died April 8, of concussion of the brain. M'Lintoch, James, aged 32, black- smith, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1862, by the Castle Eden ; died April 17, of abscess in the lumbar region. O'Toole, Catherine, aged 50, domestic, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1849, by the James Ford ; died April 13, of cancer of the stomach. Phillips, Eliza, aged 35, domestic, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1856, by the Telegraph ; died April 11, of pleurisy and peritonitis. Quigley, Catherine, aged 45, domestic, native of Ireland; arrived in 1865, ship un- known ; died April 7, of bronchitis. Sanders, Rebecca, aged 41, housewife, native of Liverpool ; arrived in 1859, by the Tory ; died April 11, of typhoid fever. Self, Esther, aged 44, domestic, native of Devon- shire ; arrived in 1858, by the Atlanta ; died April 14, of nervous debility and exhaustion. Woolfe, Jane, aged 36, domestic, native of Liverpool ; arrived in 1853, by the Euphumus ; died April 4, of morbus cordis. Wilson, Sarah, aged 38, domestic, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1848, by the Lady Kenway ; died April 19, of exhaustion. NOTES FROM THE SEA. WRECK OF THE FLYING CLOUD.—The ship Flying Cloud, from Mauritius to Melbourne via Adelaide, with a cargo of sugar, went ashore at noon on April 4, about two miles S.E. of the spot where the steamer Admella was wrecked off Cape Northumberland 11 years ago. The weather at the time was very thick —so thick, indeed, that a person fishing within 200 yards knew nothing of the accident till the boats from the wreck came close to him. It was fortunate that this person was at the place, for he directed the boats where to land, otherwise they would probably have been stove in before reaching the shore, as the captain believed he was 10 miles to sea- ward, and was entirely ignorant of a safe landing-place. Some of the ship's stores were saved, but the greater part of the cargo was lost. WRECK OF THE RANGOON.—The barque Rangoon went ashore on Tuesday, 22nd March, on the east side of a small island at the mouth of Mannimurra, about 60 miles south of Sydney. The Rangoon left Mel- bourne on March 9. On March 20 the wea- ther became bad, the wind increasing to a hurricane on the 21st. At half-past 2 a.m. on the 22nd land was seen through a thick haze. Sail was put on, the ship lay to leeward, but could not gain off the land, and at half-past 2 the ship struck, but the crew were rescued by boats from Kiama. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The R.M.S.S. Malta, Captain N. J. Skot- towe, with the Australian and New Zealand mails for England and the East, left her an- chorage in the bay punctually at 2 p.m on the 29th ult. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S.S. Avoca, Captain A. B. Farquhar, with the European and Indian mails, an- chored in the bay on the 13th inst., at half past 2 o'clock in the afternoon, after a good run from Galle to King George's Sound, and from thence to this port. The Avoca sailed from Point de Galle at 20 minutes past 3 p.m. on the 23rd ult., and experienced moderate trades and a continuance of S.E. winds to Cape Leuwin, and from thence to King George's Sound (where she arrived at 10 minutes to 3 p.m. on the 7th inst.) N.W. winds and fine weather. The Avoca sailed from the Sound at half-past 7 a.m. on the 8th inst., passed and signalled Cape Otway at 4 a.m., and arrived at her anchorage in Hobson's Bay (as stated above), having had moderate variable winds for four days after leaving the Sound, and then thick rainy weather until arrival at Queenscliff. The Avoca sailed from the bay for Sydney at half-past 5 p.m. on the same day. A notice has just been published at the Post office, for general information, that "mails for Honolulu, San Francisco, and Eng- land will be made up at this office for trans- mission by the steamer City of Melbourne, under contract with the New Zealand Go- vernment to sail from Sydney on the 27th inst., to close at this office at 12 noon on the 21st inst., for despatch by the steamer Dan- denong to Sydney ; and overland at half-past 10 a.m, on Friday, 22nd inst." STATE OF TRADE. Our trade report of this month, though in itself possessing little of an entirely satis- factory character, yet, as compared with the position of things last month, it must afford matter for congratulation to many. The month certainly has not been free from failures, but these have been of a less startling nature, and there is not a single one reported but what might have occurred in any ordinary times. There is, moreover, a much more healthy and elastic feeling observ- able, which, despite of any pressure hitherto brought to bear upon it, has worked its way to the surface, and inspires an amount of confidence highly desirable in such circum- stances as those referred to. This improve- ment, however, has not as yet imparted more animation to business transactions, in consequence of which, sales during the month have been restricted to purchases for mere trade purposes, and only in one single in- stance has anything like a speculative feeling been allowed to relieve the monotony thus caused. The banks have been less exact- ing in their policy, and for the purposes of trade money has been less stringent ; not- withstanding this, there is no appearance whatever of a desire to afford facilities for extending operations. The improved pro- spects of the squatting interest, owing to the success of our meat-preserving companies and the splendid season we are favoured with, have likewise served in no small degree to re- store the confidence so necessary to the pros- perity of the colony as well as our monetary institutions ; and the hope is now beginning to be expressed that the worst has been passed, and that the much-wished-for change for the better has once more set in. A speculative movement in kerosene oil re- sulted in some 25,000 cases changing hands, and an advance in price of 4d. a gallon. Transactions in sugar comprise the disposal of 32,000 bags and mats, and embrace the cargoes per Sarah, St. Kilda, Stadt Leijden, Eva Joshua, St. Magnus, &c.; The cargoes of teas per G. H. Peake and Catherine Fullar- ton were submitted to public competition, and about 8,000 packages found their way into the hands of the trade. The placing in one line of about 450 tons Boedhi Rajah rice is also amongst the sales reported. The more pro- minent operations of the month will, how- ever, be found to be included in those now referred to. EXCHANGE. The rato of exchange continues unaltered. The banks for this mail draw on London at ¾ per cent, premium for 60 days' sight bills. Interest is very firm. Deposits lodged for 12 months command 6 per cent. as the maximum rate, six months' deposits bring 4 per cent., while 2 and 3 per cent. is allowed for deposits of three and four months. Discount rates show no change ; 6 and 7 per cent. is charged for two and three months' bills, and 8 per cent. for bills having four months to run. MEETINGS OF CREDITORS. On Monday, the 28th March, meetings of creditors were held in three estates not in- volving much money. On Tuesday, the 29th, intelligence was received by the New Zealand mail which arrived that day of the failure of a Mr. Joseph, of Auckland, N. Z. Mr. Joseph only some two months before came to Melbourne, and obtained credit to the amount of £2,000, representing that he was in good circum- stances, and had come over to get married. The merchants who were induced by his re- presentations to give him credit are not very well pleased at the unexpected turn of events. On Friday, the 1st of April, a meeting of the creditors of Mr. Thomas Evans, tentmaker, Bourke-street, was held. The statement sub- mitted showed direct liabilities amounting to £7,789 14s.,and contingent liabilities reckoned at £16,351, a portion of which must rank as a claim on the estate. The assets were es- timated at £10,348, valuing the stock at £7,600, and the good, doubtful, and bad debts at £2,500. It was moved and car- ried that the estate should be as- signed to Mr. Gardiner and Mr. Blackwood. A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. E. H. Cole and Co., wine and spirit merchants, Gee- long, was held on Tuesday, the 5th inst. A statement of the affairs of the firm was laid before the meeting, showing the liabilities £3,400, and assets representing about 10s. in the pound. After considerable discussion, it was moved and carried that the estate be assigned for the benefit of the creditors to Messrs. Pat. M'Donald and M. S. Levy. A meeting of the creditors of Mr. H. Sloman was held on the 6th inst. The statement placed before them showed liabilities amount- ing to £6,746, exclusive of an amount of £3,400 on account of a bill of sale (disputed), while the assets, including stock in Mel- bourne (£6,000), and an amount owing in Ballarat of £4,000, were estimated at £10,460. The creditors, while expressing much dis- satisfaction on account of the bill of sale re ferred to, and regarding which future action may yet be found necessary, agreed to accept of an assignment of the estate in favour of Messrs. Rocke and Lawrence Cohen (of Messrs. Cohen Brothers). A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. Rankine and Co., wholesale grocers, Geelong, was also held the same afternoon. The statement of affairs prepared and sub- mitted to the meeting showed the liabilities to amount to £7,300, the assets being esti- mated to realise £5,200. It was agreed to assign the estate to Messrs. Thoneman and Service. This firm has no connexion what- ever with Messrs. Dugald Rankine and Co.; of the same place, and in the same trade. We understand that Messrs. I. Solomon and Co. have made a settlement with their creditors at the rate of 12s. 6d. in the £. We are in- formed that advice has been, received from New Zealand of the return dishonoured of the acceptances of a firm in Wellington, ex- tensively engaged in the soft goods trade. As, however, it is said that time only is required to put matters right in that direction, the suspension may only be temporary. STOCK AND STATIONS. The Pastoral Times, Deniliquin, 12th April, states :—"One of our correspondents gives a brief but graphic account of the sad effects of the late storms on pastoral property in Queensland, where homesteads, cattle, sheep, and in some cases human lives, have been sacrificed. These storms comeo with terrible effect at times ; no less than 31in. of rain fell in Queensland, 13in. in Sydney, while in the southern districts of Now South Wales the greatest fall has been between 4in. and 5in. Upwards of 4in. fell at Moulamein on Sunday last in four hours. Splendid rains have fallen on the Burdekin and other Queensland districts, and the rains have extended in very large quantities to the Barwin, Darling, Ba- lonne, Clarence, Castlereagh, &c;, where water and feed are now abundant, which is very unusual for this time of the year. The Paroo, Wilson, and Warrego are full of water, and are running strongly. 10,000 sheep have been on one station destroyed by the floods on the Lower Burdekin, and 1,300 head of cattle were destroyed at Dunganabba station, on the Richmond River. The heavy and con- tinuous rains have interfered with the northern fat stock markets." THE REVENUE. The revenue returns of the colony for the first three months of 1870, ending the 31st March, are contained in a Government Gazette published on April 8. Compared with the first quarter of 1869, there has been an in- crease in the revenue of £33,132 13s. 6d., while upon the year ending March 31st, 1870, the increase has been £161,026 9s. 6d. Taking the quarterly return, we find that there has been an incrcase on the revenue derived from customs, territorial, ports and harbours, postage fees, fines and miscellaneous, and a decrease on excise and public works. The increase in the customs revenue, which amounts to £8,898 18s., is chiefly due to the additional sum collected from spirits, of £11,496 15s. 6d., and to the increase on "all other duties" of £5,767 6s. 10d. On the other hand, there was received during the same period in 1869 £2,230 14s. 10d. more for wine, £4,235 7s. 11d. more for tobacco and snuff, £2,500 19s. 7d. more for tea, and £2,682 1s. 2d. more for rice. Under the head of territorial, the increase, which amounts to £22,066 3s. 10d., is mainly attributable to the improved receipts for rents and licences, which have brought £14,588 more than they produced in the first quarter of 1869. There is also an increase in the revenue derived from the sale of land by auction, but only to the extent of £5,794 0s. 11d. The increase under the heads ports and harbours, postage, fees, fines, and miscellaneous, is slight, and need not be detailed. In the two divisions in which a decrease appears—namely, excise and public works—the unfavourable balance is small. In excise, the decrease, which amounts to £2,521 15s., is accounted for by the falling off in the returns from spirits dis- tilled in Victoria, which are £8,660 0s. 3d. in 1870, as compared with £10,464 6s. 9d. in 1869. In public works the decrease of £1,797 7s. 6d. is owing to a diminution in the revenue from water supply of £2,203 8s. 11d. On the other hand the rail- way income exhibits a slight improvement viz., to the extent of £691 17s. 9d. The total revenue received during the two quarterly periods was £656,380 10s. 3d. in 1869, and £689,513 9s. 9d. in 1870 ; and the annual comparison shows that for the first period, viz., for the year ending 31st March, 1869, the revenue was £3,083,011 8s. 2d., while for the year ending 31st March, 1870, it amounted to £3,244,037 17s. 8d. The following is the comparative state- ment of revenue for the quarters and years ending 31st March, 1869 and 1870, respec- tively : Quarter ending. Year ending. HEADS OF REVENUE Mar. 31, 1869 Mar. 31, 1870 Mar. 31, 1869 Mar. 31, 1870. I.—Customs. £ £ £ £ Import duties— On Spirits .. 97,698 109,195 376,444 456,717 Wine .. .. 9,367 7,136 39,004 36,019 Beer and cider 6,886 7,425 28,494 28,709 Tobacco and snuff .. 33,390 29,065 142,339 139,563 Cigars .. 3,340 2,764 12,121 12,893 Tea .. .. 15,559 13,058 66,132 62,051 Sugar and mo- lasses .. 20,544 20,336 70,802 77,332 Coffee, chi- cory, cocoa, and choco- late .. 3,178 2,843 13694 13,880 Opium .. 5,582 6,847 22,099 25,538 Rice .. .. 5,579 2,897 18,880 11,885 Hops .. .. 2,352 2,190 8,341 9,579 Malt .. .. 1,171 1,554 5,286 6,282 Wharfage and harbour rates. 22,440 24,907 94,085 107,213 Duties on River Murray goods .. .. 7,394 12,253 All other duties 103,889 109,656 392,752 457,371 Total customs .. 330,982 339,880 1,297,873 1,547,293 II.—EXCISE. Spirits distilled in Victoria .. 10,464 8,660 48,725 41,371 Publicans' licences 1,681 1,750 9,831 9,062 Auctioneers' do... 2,102 1,431 4,440 5,228 All other do. .. 2,023 1,908 5,487 5,437 Total excise .. 16,271 13,749 68,485 61,100 III.—TERRI- TORIAL. Sale of land by auction.. .. 40,471 46,265 230,914 214,689 Accruing from rents and selec- tions .. .. 29,789 30,778 176,419 163,248 Pastoral occupa- tions .. .. 505 326 119,098 111,450 Rents and licences 33,526 48,115 215,144 232,683 Miners' rights .. 3,418 2,333 14,560 12,380 Business licences.. 1,137 918 3,828 3,695 Leases of aurifer- ous and mineral lands .. .. 2,860 4,966 13,540 25,749 Water-right and searching li- cences .. .. 206 275 875 989 Total territorial 111,912 133,978 774,380 764,887 IV.—PUBLIC WORKS. Railway income .. 123,378 124,070 563,944 598,194 Water supply .. 8,607 6,404 62,397 Electric telegraph 6,673 6,556 29,159 31,875 Toll receipts .. 267 99 17,547 344 Total public works .. 138,927 137,130 673,049 691,339 V. — PORTS AND HARBOURS. Tonnage .. .. 4,617 5,511 16,967 19,419 Pilotage (at out- ports) .. .. 23 9 253 128 Total ports and harbours .. 4,640 5,521 17,221 19,548 VI. —Postage ... 30,806 32,559 116,964 127,453 VII.—FEES. Supreme Court .. 3,788 4,295 17,923 19,096 General Sessions & County Courts.. 575 938 2,464 3,007 Courts of Mines .. 30 70 575 247 Courts of Petty Sessions .. 1,864 1,952 9,057 8,977 All other fees .. 8,216 9,104 35,192 43,272 Total fees .. 14,475 16,361 65,213 74,601 VIII.—FINES. Supreme Court .. 8 4 169 134 General Sessions & County Courts .. 52 23 56 * Courts of Petty Sessions .. 348 291 2,047 2,242 All other fines and forfeitures .. 417 798 2,266 2,961 Total fines .. 827 1,117 4,540 5,326 IX.—MlSCELLANE- OUS. Rents, exclusive of lands .. .. 58 379 577 1,571 Government prin- ter .. .. 1,750 1,043 5,670 5,817 Labour of pri- soners .. 328 951 2,776 3,723 Storage of gun- powder .. .. 277 220 1,469 1,194 Sale of Govern- ment property.. 3,459 1,249 7,416 6,775 All other receipts 1,662 5,370 47,373 28,404 Total miscella- neous.. 7,536 9,213 65,283 42,487 Total revenue.. 656,380 689,513 3,083,011 3,244,037 050,380 656,380 .. 3,083,011 Net increase on the quarter .. .. 33,132 .. .. Net increase on the year .. .. .. .. 161,026 * The amount of refunds was £11 8s. more than that of revenue. PUBLIC COMPANIES. Colonial Bank of Australasia.—The four- teenth yearly meeting was held on the 21st inst. The Hon. John O'Shanassy in the chair. The directors submitted the following statement of the affairs of the bank up to the 31st March last : The net profits, after deducting expenses of manage- ment, repairs to promises, rebate on bills current, and allowance for bad and doubtful debts, amount to, including the balance from last half-year .. .. .. .. £28,070 3 6 Which the directors propose to appor- tion as follows, viz :— Dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum .. .. £17,5000 0 0 Reserve fund .. 3,000 0 0 Balance carried to profit and loss— new account .. 8,470 3 6 ———————£23,070 3 6 During the latter portion of the half-year the colony had experienced a season of commer- cial depression, but the directors were pleased to be able to report that the bank had suf- fered only to a very limited extent during the period referred to. The stagnation which had prevailed had interfered with the more imme- diate realisation of the securities in the large estate referred to in last report ; still consi- derable sales had been effected, at satisfactory prices. During the half-year the Spring Creek branch, having been found unprofitable, had been withdrawn, the dividend would be payable on and after the following day, and at the branches on receipt of advice. The report, as well as the financial statement, were adopted without discussion. The Hon. W. J. T. Clarke and the Hon. E. Cohen were re-elected directors. Warrenheip Distillery Company.—The half- yearly meeting was held on the 2nd April ; Mr. S. P. Lord, chairman. A loss of £3,434 16s. 2d. on the half-year's transactions was reported. It was attributed to a depreciation in the value of the company's stock. Con- tacts had been entered into for the supply of rye, and a large quantity furnished to the company. At the existing scale of prices for spirits, the company would just be able to pay for the rye by distilling it : but if they dis- continued work they would lose it altogether. The directors therefore proposed to carry on until they had used up the stock of raw mate- rial on hand. The report was adopted, after some discussion, and an understanding ar- rived at that the shareholders should be called together again in three months to consider what course should be pursued thereafter. Mr. Robert Dunn was re-elected director. Melbourne Meat-preserving Company.—The company held its fifth half-yearly meeting on the 4th inst., at its offices, 56 Queen-street ; Mr. H. N. Loughnan in the chair. The attendance was large. The report and balance- sheet, which provided for a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, leaving a balance of £9,342 to the good, were received with great favour, and after a few explana- tions had been gone into the retiring officers were re-elected, a handsome remuneration was voted to the directors, and the share- holders entered into a discussion on the question of establishing branch factories at Ballarat, Hamilton, and elsewhere. It was eventually decided that the directors should look into the question carefully, and call a special meeting to consider it, but the opinions expressed during the afternoon were strongly in favour of extending the company's opera- tions in that way. Victoria Meat-preserving Company.—A large number of gentlemen connected with this company met at Menzies' Hotel on the 5th inst. to receive a report from a sub-com- mittee appointed to examine the plant, patents, and business of the old company, which is being merged into the limited liability company of the same name. The report was received and approved of, and in- structions were given to the solicitor, Mr. Brodribb, to register the company as soon as practicable. The following gentlemen were appointed as the new directors, viz. :— Messrs. S. D. Tallerman, Hugh Parker, Robert Caldwell, George Dill, Henry Mou- bray, and Robert Mackie. The patent pack- ages of meat were then opened at the stores of Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co., and found to be in splendid condition, both as regarded their appearance and state of preservation. The company has placed on the market 5,000 shares at £5, most of which have been taken up. They intend to carry on extended opera- tions in new premises, to be erected near Footscray. Warrnambool Meat-preserving Company. —A meeting of this company was held on the 4th inst., at Warrnambool, when the ques- tion of entering into some arrangement with the Melbourne company was considered. Mr. F. P. Stephens moved the following resolu- tion :—"That this meeting empower the board of directors to make any arrangements with the Melbourne Meat-preserving Com- pany they may consider to be for the best interests of the shareholdors of this com- pany." After some discussion, the following amendment, moved by Mr. J. R. Evans, was carried by a large majority :—"That the question of a bonus to the Melbourne Meat- preserving Company being already decided, no further negotiation with that company be entered into in respect of the said bonus." Victoria lce Company.—The sixth annual meeting of the shareholders was held at the company's works on the 12th inst. The di- rectors' report showed that the company's operations for the past summer had been very successful. An extension of Mr. Harrison's patent had been secured by the company for the exclusive right to make and vend ice under his patent within a radius of 12 miles from the Post-office for seven years, on payment of £200, one-half to be paid this season and one-half next. The directors recommended a dividend at the rate of 15 per cent., and a bonus of 2½ percent., after which there would remain the sum of £684 2s. 9d. to the credit of profit and loss. During the past season no less than 180 tons of ice had been disposed of. The directors reported the premises and plant to be in excellent order, and notwithstanding the large demand during the late hot weather, the company's staff had been able to supply every customer, and keep a reserve stock always on hand. With very slight alteration the company would be able to meet any demand likely to be made on it for many years to come. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The chairman (Mr. John Strachan) stated that with the exception of last year, when the di- vidend was 12½ per cent., the dividend for the last five years had been 15 per cent. The pre- sent bonus of 2½ would equalise the amount. Mr. J. P. Chaplain was re-elected director, and Messrs. Septimus Martin and Edward Graham were re-elected auditors. Yarra Bank Engineering and Foundry Com- pany.—The prospectus of this company has been issued. This is the company which has recently been formed, principally of working men, on the co-operative principle, who pro- pose to purchase the large works of Mr. Williams at the Yarra-bank. They intend to undertake engineer and foundry work gene- rally, and the acceptance of tenders for the first 56 miles of the North-Eastern Railway opens up a first-rate opportunity for such an enterprise being brought to a successful issue, as there must soon be a very large amount of iron-work to be tendered for, most of which colonial manufacturers should be able to con- struct quite as cheaply as English firms. Australasian Insurance Company.—An ex- traordinary meeting of shareholders, con- vened by requisition to the directors, was held on the 5th inst., for the purpose of con- | sidering the advisability of changing some of the principal officers of the company. It was alleged by the requisitionists that, as the company during the past six and a half years, while under the management of the present secretary, had made losses to the amount of £200,000, it was no longer pru- dent to entrust him with the direction of the company's affairs. On the other hand, it was shown that the principal losses had been made through the London agency, and that the company had been specially successful wherever Mr. Montefiore's per- sonal influence had been used. During the last five years, up to December last, the net profils from fire insurances effected in the head office, Melbourne, amounted to £44,838 19s. 10d.; and the pro- fits in the marine branch during the same period were £23,705 10s. 1d. On foreign ships and cargoes there had been a net loss ; on colonial ships and cargoes a net profit. The London agency was now in a much better condition. After an animated discussion, a motion, proposed by Mr. Meares, affirming that the secretary was no longer worthy of confidence, was withdrawn. Melbourne Omnibus Company.—The half yearly meeting of the shareholders was held on the 11th inst, Mr. F. B. Clapp presiding. The report of the directors set forth that during the past six months the operations of the company had been attended with suc- cess. Since the meeting in October last, the Simpson's-road route had been opened, and the returns from it warranted the expecta- tion that it would prove a profitable line. The difficulty of obtaining a suit- able site for the erection of stables on the line of traffic had, up to the pre- sent time, prevented the directors from putting omnibuses on the line for Rich- mond. The balance at credit of profit and loss was £1,841 19s. 7d., of which the direc- tors proposed to apply £500 to the deprecia- tion of rolling stock ; £200 in reduction of preliminary expenses ; £625 to payment of a dividend tor the six months, at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, and to carry forward the balace of £516 19s. 7d. to the new profit and loss account. The traffic receipts for the six months amounted to £10,929 17s. 6d., and, amongst other disbursements, the com- pany had paid £3,321 19s. 7d. for horse feed ; £3,362 6s. 9d. for wages, and £351 5s. 7d. for salaries. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. Mr. W. M'Culloch, a retiring di- rector, was re-elected. Australia Felix Meat-preserving Company. —The first general meeting was held on the 20th inst., Mr. M. B. Mayhew in the chair. The directors reported that out of the 24 weeks the company has existed, their works had been 20 weeks in actual operation ; that whilst their purchases had been to the extent of six times the paid-up capital, the company had, by the prompt realisation of their manu- factures, been enabled on every occasion to buy for cash ; and that, taking a very low estimate of the expected English returns (all consignments having left in first-rate order) a net profit of over 15 per cent. per annum on the paid-up capital had been realised. From the statement of profit and loss it appeared that the purchases of meat and casks had amounted to £5,660 19s.; and the sales, in- cluding estimated proceeds of shipments to England, to £6,293 2s. 6d. ; and there was stock on hand to the value of £290 10s. After deducting working expenses, a net profit of £110 19s, 9d. remained. The reports were adopted, and Messrs. M. B. Mayhew, Solomon Peardon; and Joseph Brearley re-elected directors. Duke of Edinburgh Theatre Company.— The bondholders in this company have had two meetings lately—one on the 10th and the other on the 20th inst.—on account of disputes among some of their number as to the letting of the theatre. It appears that two of the trustees, Messrs. Mackenzie and Isaacs, let the theatre on March 24, for a year, to the lessees of the Theatre Royal for £624, and that Mr. Sullivan, another trustee, let it to Mr. de Haga for five years, at £780 a-year. Mr. Sullivan turned the Royal Com- pany out of possession, whereupon a meeting of the bond-holders was held. Messrs. Har- wood, Stewart, and Coppin, three of the lessees of the Royal, were also bondholders. Nothing was done at the first meeting. Before the second took place, however, Messrs. Har- wood and Co. obtained forcible possession by turning Mr. Sullivan out. At the meeting on Thursday, a resolution was passed cen- suring Mr. Sullivan for obstructing the let- ting of the theatre to Messrs. Harwood and Co. without making a better arrangement; and for attempting to let it for five years. He was also called upon to resign his office as trustee. Another meeting is to be held on Tuesday next. Victoria Insurance Company.—The annual meeting was held on the 20th inst, the Hon. Henry Miller in the chair. The profit and loss account showed a profit on the trans- actions of the year ending February 18 of £9,908 14s. The balance brought down from the previous year was £10,266 10s., making, with the amount stated, a total of £20,175 10s. From this a dividend at the rate of £2 per share, amounting in the gross to £12,000, was declared, and a balance of £8,175 4s. 7d. carried forward to next year. The Hon. H. Miller, the Hon. G. Harker, and Mr. W. Hoffman, were elected directors. IMPORTS AND EXPORTS. The following table gives the imports and exports of the port since the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1869 :— Imports. Exports. Week Ending 1869. 1870. 1869. 1870. £ £ £ £ Jan. 1.. 208,228 211,137 207,790 110,500 Jan. 8.. 353,055 234,689 600,266 572,995 Jan. 15.. 346,664 288,367 247,186 282,987 Jan. 22.. 410 768 354,093 413,416 95,331 Jan. 20.. 317,132 279,431 73,569 145,510 Feb. 5.. 300,507 354,210 304,017 766,692 Feb. 12.. 253,442 278,449 323,643 104,396 Feb. 19.. 227,926 265,543 342,372 109,026 Feb. 20.. 245,611 291,848 150,141 98,683 Mar. 5.. 296,595 218,247 315,139 526,413 Mar. 12.. 170,507 222,306 231,639 140,040 Mar. 19.. 196,097 170,350 77,487 109,179 Mar. 26.. 159,556 188,076 220,049 155,865 April 2.. 172,201 274,481 170,336 441,530 April 9.. 186,557 221,769 105,604 66,878 April 16.. 217,551 140,010 118,155 60,836 4,062,457 3,993,006 3,900,81 3,737,862 During the first period the account stood thus : Imports .. .. .. .. £4,062,457 Exports .. .. .. .. 3,000,810 Balance of imports over exports £161,647 During the second period : Imports .. .. .. .. £8,993,006 Exports .. .. .. .. 3,737,862 Balance of imports over exports £255,144 Comparing the above periods with each other, the results are as under : Imports in 1869 .. .. .. £4,062,457 Imports in 1870 .. .. .. 3,993,006 Decrease in 1870 .. .. .. £69,451 Exports in 1869 .. .. .. £3,900,810 Exports in 1870 .. .. .. 3,737,862 Decrease in 1870 .. .. .. £162,948 STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on April 16 : — Brandy, 4,786 hhd., 24,555 cases ; rum, 1,634½ hhd. 346 cases ; geneva, 78½ hhd., 60,418 cases red, 2,057 do. green ; whiskey, 1,315½ hhd., 3,303 cases ; gin (sweetened), 33½ hhd., 3,384 cases ; cordials, 500 cases ; spirits of wine. 73½ hhd. ; other spirits, 4½ hhd., 4,633 cases ; wine. 5,934½ hhd., 16,768 cases ; beer, 1,418 hhd., 26,349 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufac- tured), 1,628 half-tierces, 415 quarter-tierces, 8 kegs, 6,854 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 8,182 cases ; do. (unmanufactured), 310 hhd. and casks, 546 cases, 1,463 bales ; cigars, 569½ cases ; candles, 970 chests, 42,780 boxes ; kerosene 54,989 cases ; flour, 1,853 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 131 packages ; tea, 20,570 chests, 44,870 half-chests, 38,774 boxes ; coffee, 3,389 bags, 391 casks, 312 barrels ; chicory, 472 packages ; sugar—Mauri- tius 53,476 bags, Manilla 5,894 bags, Java 11,685 bags, other 667 tons 204 cases and casks ; wheat, 3,050 bags ; opium, prepared, 139 packages; oats, 902 bags; hops, 1,317 pockets ; rice, 67,275 bags ; salt, 15,922 bags ; vinegar, 1,298 cases, 434 casks. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Friday Evening. In the Import markets business throughout the month has maintained a dull unsatisfactory aspect. Sales have been limited to purchases for more trade requirements, and with the exception of a run upon kerosene oil, nothing of a speculative nature has been allowed to transpire. On the whole, however, a very much improved feeling, as compared with last month, has been perceptible, and it is hoped that a change for the better has set in at last. Bulk and bottled beers have not been much lookod after. In Dundee goods cornsacks show little or no change, but woolpacks are slightly firmer. Gunnies have advanced in price. Boots and shoes are improving in value. Candles are lower again. Cements are not altered. Chemicals are exceedingly slow of sale. Coffee has not been at all active. Confectionery has met with but a mode- rate inquiry. Cordage and rope are likely to advance in price. The demand for fish is now over for a time. Fruits are very dull, attracting little notice. Bread- stuffs present no alteration since our last report. Feeding grains have been dealt in to a fair extent. In blasting powder there has been nothing doing. Hops are steady, but malt is expected to go lower. Metals generally are dull of sale. ln oils, kerosene has attracted speculative attention, and large sales have been effected. Oilmen's stores are quiet but steady. Provisions are dearer. Of rice, considerable sales of Java continue to be reported. Salt does not command much attention. Sugars have been in moderate request. In teas, sales of both the G. H. Peake and Catherine Fullarton's have been re- corded. Tobaccoes are in the way of improvement; but wines and spirits still maintain a most depressed aspect. Ale and Stout.—The market has been exceedingly dull throughout the month, and little of a special character has transpired in regard to imported beers ; it is, however, astonishing the progress now making in the manufacture of colonial beers, and how rapidly the imported article is being superseded in our markets. Transactions this month have been quite of a trifling character. Joule's has maintained a firm tone at £8 5s. Marrian's has also been quitted at £8 5s., but sales generally have been confined to supply- ing mere trade requirements. For the Carlisle Com- pany's we continue to quote up to £8. Allsopp's is valued at £7 15s. Bass's is quoted at £8 10s., but as we have heard of no recent arrivals of this brand we have no transactions to refer to. Bulk stout is still quite neglected. For Whitbread's £5 15s. to £6 is acceptod without, however, leading to increased sales. Several parcels of Wild's colonial No. 3 pale ale and double stout, in bottle, have been sent up country, and the demand in town is considerable. A new drink—Wild's half-and- half—has been intro- duced, and found much favour. Bottled beers havs not been much sought after this month ; values, however, do not show much alteration. Tennent's is quoted at 10s. Foster's realises up to 10s. For Deve- nish's 9s. 6d. to 10s. is obtained. Blood's is steady at 9s. 6d. Allsopp's is moved off slowly at 8s. 6d. to 8s. 9d. For Arrol's we quote 8s, 6d. to 8s. 7½d. Aitken's is got rid of at 8s. 6d. Bottled stouts have been little noticed. Edmond's pig brand is now quitted at 9s. 3d. to 9s. 6d. Burke's finds buyers at 9s. For Blood's we quote 9s. Sales of dagger brand have come under our notice at 9s. Byass's has remained nominal at 8s. 3d. No business whatever in this brand has been re- ported. Borthwick's is quotod at 7s. 6d., but we understand that under the hammer a still lower price than this has been taken. Begging.—A slight demand for export has been ex= perienced for corn sacks, but practically the seasons is now considered over, and notwithstanding that orders are still expected to come forward from New Zealand, we do not anticipate much change in values for the next few months at least. We quote duty-paid 11s., and most orders of late have been executed at the equivalent price in bond, 10s. 6d. About 450 bales from Calcutta have arrived in the course of the month. Woolpacks have been moved off in moderate lots at 3s. 6d. On gunnies an advance must be re- corded ; sales were effected in the first part of the month at 7s. 10½d. to 8s., and towards the close up to 8s. 3d. was realised. Boots and Shoes. — Transactions in these goods evince an improving market. On the 7th inst. 283 trunks Bostock and Co.'s, Vernon, Snow, and Ben- nett's, and other manufacturers' boots and shoes, were offered and disposed of. This week some 300 packages were quitted under the hammer. The biddings were spirited, and the auctioneers report having realised an advanca of at least 10 per cent. on previous sales. At a sale of leatherware, black kangaroo skins sold at 15s. per dozon ; russet do. brought 10s. per dozen ; heavy crop, 9¾d. per lb. ; medium do., 9d. per lb,; light kip, 1s. 5d.; split calf. 1s, 7d. per lb. ; cordova, 1s, 9d. per Ib.; mens elastic uppers, medium quality, 5s. per pair—prices which were considered very good. Candles.—In the beginning of the month the market was very languid and inactive, and nothing in the way of tales could be effected, while the parcels disposed of by auction from time to time be- tokened a falling market. A line of 3,000 boxes offering at 16d., pressed somewhat heavily, but on this parcel being taken up, a slight improvement was perceptible, and somo orders coming to hand for a special brand, then very scarce, the prico rallied again, and about 3,000 boxes were then got rid of in parcels at 10¾d. The arrival of the mail, however, advising a heavy increase in shipments from England, effectually banished any hope of maintaining this ad- vance, and during the last fortnight quotations have declined to 10d. to 10¼d. ; for the Neva Company's we quote 11d. Some 4,500 boxes were cleared off under the hammer in the course of the month, in addition to the private sales reported. Cement.—Sinco our report of last month there has been very little doing in Portland. Business in the market has been restricted to purchases for more trade purposes, and prices have undergone no change. Out- side brands have maintained a steady quotation of 15s. while up to 16s could be obtained for White's and brands in like favour. American plaster has nominally stood at 12s. to 12s. 3d. Chemicals have not shown the slightest action of an animated character. Soda crystals have stiffened somewhat, going up and touching £7 ; but the month closes heavily, with quotations at £6 15s., with diffi- culty supported. Carbonate is valued at £14 10s., but there is no business doing, if we except the few small lots sold at auction. Caustic soda is quotod at £16 10s. to £17, but has been sold as low as £15. Flour of sulphur is quitted in small lots at £20 ; we quote from £18 to £20. Tartaric acid is steady, at 1s. 6d. to 1s. 7½d. Cream of tartar is valued at 1s. to 14d. Prepared opium commands 23s. 6d., but there is no great business doing. Chicory is still moved off very slowly. Sales of best imported brands are effected at 2¾d. in bond. Colonial grown is disposed of at 5d. to 5¼d. Coffee has shown no animation whatever. The ex- port demand has been dormant throughout the month, and for local purposes no inclination to operate to any extent has been evinced. On the 5th instant some at- tention was directed to the market by the offer at a public sala of the Belle's cargo, but the auctioneers did not succeed in disposing of any, with the exception of a small parcel of triage, which was sold at 6½d. On our trade quotations, however, we cannot make any change, the entire stock held, saving the cargo re- ferred to, being in the hands of the second houses. Best plantation rules at 9¼d. to 9½d. For best samples of Java 6½d. to 7¼d. is wanted, and we quote for native Ceylon up to 6d. Confectionery.—A. moderate inquiry has been ex- perienced, and some lots have also been taken up for shipment. Good assortments of Keiller's have found buyers at 9¼d. to 9½d. For Wetherspoon's we quote 8½d. to 8¾d.; but of this latter brand sales are very limited. Jujubes are steady at 13½d. Assortments of candied peel are saleable at 13½d. Cordage.—Business has been very quiet, the trade demand, to which the month's sales have been, con- fined, having been of a very ordinary description. Assortments of half to three quarter inch Victorian- made cordage have been disposed of at 8½d. per lb., while one to four-and-a-half-inch sizes have been quitted at £63. Flat rope is quoted at £78. A fur- ther rise In tho prico of hemp Is reported from Ma- nilla, and the value of rope and cordage in that market at present is £60 15s. 10d. f.o.b. Under these circum- stances, it is more than likely that manufacturers here will now be compelled to make a stand for an advance in price. Seaming twines are in moderate demand at 13d. to 13½d. Flour and Grain.—The market for breadstuffs has been exceedingly quiet and inactive. The supplies to hand have been of so very moderate a description as to prevent any large sales of wheat taking place, and the millers have throughout the month been compelled to content themselves with hand-to-mouth purchases. Values have generally stood at 6s. to 5s. 1d. for best Victorian grown. Secondary qualities have realised 4s. 9d. to 4s. 11d.; and New Zealand wheat has been disposed of at 4s. 6d. to 4s. 7½d. At auction this week, Tasmanian and New Zealand changed hands at 4s. 6d. to 4s. 9d. Flour has main- tained a trade quotation of £11 10s. to £11 15s., and £11 6s. for larger parcels. The Sydney buyers—a noticeable feature in last month's report—have com- pletely disappeared from the market, and not a single parcel of either wheat or flour has in consequence been taken up for that colony. Feeding grains have met with a good Inquiry. Maize has been selling freely. The old has been entirely cleared out, and for the last fortnight we have been completely dependent on supplies of new to meet the demand. Quotations stand at 4s. to 4s. 1½d. Oats are now coming forward from New Zealand more extensively and more regularly, and values have in consequence declined a trifle ; we quote for ordinary descriptions, from 3s. 3d., and up to 3s 5d. is still obtained for good samples. On Wednesday about 2,000 bags were offered by auction, and the whole cleared off at from 3s. 1½d. to 3s. 3d. Malting barley was sold at 4s. 2d. to 4s. 7d. for ordinary to good qualities, while 4s. 8d. was refused for a prime sample, and sales of common Cape barley were made at 3s. to 3s. 3d. Bran has ruled at 1s. 1½d. to 2s. 2d. Colonial oatmeal, town- made, is quitted at £20 ; New Zealand brings £18. Colonial pearl barley is valued at £26 10s. ; imported is disposed of at £25 to £26. Furniture.—The following auction sale of American chairs, &c.;, was effected this week, ex M'Gilvery, realising, for Washington wood, 3s, 5d. ; bent rim wood office, 6s. 2d. ; common bar-room, 2s. 11d. ; ser- pentine Astor Grecian, V.O.W., 4s. 10d. ; do., gold stripe 4s. 6d. ; common Astor Grecian, imitation mahogany, 4s. 3d. ; do., V.O.W., 4s. 9d, ; brace arm dining, oak, 8s. 9d. ; Franklin Grecian plain-top, im- itation mahogany, 5s. 2d.; extra Baltimore wood, 3s. 2d. ; cane-back rocking, 14s. 6d. ; crown-top cane back nurse, 8s. 6d., 8s. 7d. ; common do., gold stripe, 8s. 3d. ; Green Mountain wood, 3s. 5d. ; Victoria spindle-back nurse, oak, 11s. 3d. ; brace arm do., 12s. 9d, ; oval- back do., 15s. 9d. ; do , imitation rosewood, 15s. ; Lafayette wood, 3a. 6d.; Fifth Avenue cane-back nurse, imitation rosewood, 14s. 3d.; do., oak, 14s. 6d.; shield-top cane-back library, oak, 15s. 6d. ; carved English cottage, imitation mahogany, 6s. 9d. ; plain, do., 6s. 3d. ; O G., common, 3s. ; Victoria cane back nurse, 13s. ; sweep top library, 15s. ; Fifth Avenue cottage, imitation mahogany, 6s. 9d. ; Lafayette wood, drab, 3s. 5d. ; bent- top wood, 3s. 4d. ; Quincy, do., 3s. 4d. ; 3ft. pine tables, 6s. ; 3½ft. do., 7s. 6d. ; 4ft. do., 8s. 6d. ; chamber suites, imitation chesnut, £6 5s, £6 10s. ; chesnut do., £6 ; also, at same time, a lot of colonial blackwood turnery, as under :—4ft. bedsteads, 11s. 6d. ; 4ft 6in. do., 13s. 6d. ; washstand legs, 3s. 6d. to 4s. per dozen ; chair legs, 2s. 9d. per dozen ; 2½in. table legs, 3s. ; 3in. do., 4s. 9d. ; 4in. do., 9s. 9d. ; sofa rails, 2s. per dozen; sofas, 7s. each. There was a full attendance of the trade, and each line was competed for with good spirit, which led to the clearing out of every line of invoice. Fish.—The demande has for the present ceased, but as the market is not heavily stocked, we do not anti- cipate much change in price. Sales of ling have been recorded at from 5d. to 6d., according to quality. Half-barrels white herrings are quoted at 32s., but we note a bare supply; 1lb. herrings are quoted at 6s. 9d. to 7s. ; 1lb. salmon finds buyers at 13s. 3d. to 13s. 9d. Sardines have met with very considerable atten- tion ; one week during the month sales were recorded to the extent of 450 cases halves and quarters, and we still continue to experience a very good demand at our quotations of 10s. 6d. for the former and 5s. 6d. for the latter. Lobsters have crept to 8s. 3d. to 8s. 6d., and 1lb. oysters have been cleared out at up to 7s. 6d. Fruits.—Holders of currants have not succeeded in establishing the extreme figures desired to be ob- tained ; this month a slight reduction has had to be submitted to ; for best samples we cannot quote over 4¾d., and for medium samples 4¼d. to 4½d. Raisins have been treated with almost total neglect; the value of Cape, Valencia, and Eleme has nominally stood at ...¼d., and the only transaction which came under our notice was the sale of a considerable parcel of Cape, for which 4d. was accepted. Sultana are got rid of slowly at from 4d. to 5½d. Muscatel bring 9d. Figs are now coming more into notice, and though sales have been made by auction at 7d., we quote up to 8d. to 8½d. for very fine. Dried apples are quoted at 6½d. Gunpowder.—But a trifling business has been done in this article. The market has been heavy for some time past, and the increased shipments advised this month are not calculated to effect an improvement. The business reported has been of an insignificant nature. Quotations remain about as last month. Hall's is quoted at 5¾d., for Kames holders ask up to 5d., and other brands can be purchased at 4¼d. to 4½d. Hops do not show much activity ; advices altogether are of a most favourable character, but the advanced state of the season prevents any action from being taken in the market. For good samples of '69 Kent is 9d. to 1s. 10d. is obtained. Yearlings, of prime quality, have been sold at 1s. 4½d. ; though prices of this growth ('68) have ranged from 10d. to 1s. 6d, there are holders of shipments of superior qualities at a much higher figure. Sales of American hops have been made public at 10½d. Malt.—Another shock has been imparted to this market by the excessive supplies advised by the mail just in, and really it is inconceivable how shippers in England can be so vory imprudent as to export so heavily to this quarter as has been done in January and February, when it is so well known that most of there cannot reach here before the end of the season ; the effect undoubtedly will be to cause prices to de- cline, and heavy losses must ensue in consequence. We quote at present from 9s. to 9s. 3d., but under the circumstances buyers only purchase from hand to mouth and it is astonishing now much the demand has fallen off since the mail's arrival, light as even that was previous. Metals.—The toneof the market has not much al- tered, and sales generally have been of a limited nature. Pig iron has been steadily maintained, at £4 5s. A fair trads demand for galvanised iron has existed. Sales of Scotch 20 gauge have been made at £33. English ordinary brands have been quitted at £26, and sales of best brands have been recorded at £26 for 26 gauge. Quotations for bar and rod iron are well supported, but as stocks are now held no transac- tions have come before us. We quote from £9 to £10 10s. Sheet iron is without animation ; assortments of Nos. 8 to 18 bring £11 10s., and for assortments of Nos. 18 to 26 £13 10s. is required. Plate iron is some- what heavy ; assortments are quitted at £11 10s. to £12 and sales of specific sizes are reported at as high as £14. Hoop iron maintains a nominal quotation of £11. Fencing wire has been quite neglected of late. We still quote for Nos. 6,7,and8, £16 10s. £1010s., and £17 10s. Shot has been dull of sale; £28 is asked. Sheet lead is saleable at £26 10s. Tin plates are not much wanted; sales are made at rather lower rates ; im- porters would readily sell at 12½ per cent. advance on invoice. In Muntz metal we have little business to report; we quote 7¾d. Sales of Ewbank's nails are mentioned at 22½ per cent. off list. American nails have improved in value ; sales have been made at 16s. 6d. to 17s. American hardware is in good supply. Collins's and Sharpe's heavy axes have been sold at 73s., a slight reduction on last month. Ames's shovels are in steady request at 63s. Day's D-H. shovels are slightly firmer; we quote 52s. Other makers', same size, bring 50s. In holloware little business has been reported ; quotations rule at from 30 to 35 per cent, off list. Oils.—Kerosene maintained no more than an im- proving aspect till shortly before the mail's arrival, when, as holders began to ask 2s. 6d., speculators fearing they might be precluded from operating by a further advance, went in one week and purchased 25,000 cases at 2s. 6d. ; the greater part bought, amongst which were lines of 11,000 cases and 5,000 cases, cost the price named. A good deal of excite- ment, however, subsequently prevailed as to the pro- bable nature and extent of shipments coming forward. From a private communication, dated New York, 12th February, we learn that "the present month will show larger shipments of oil than for some time last, but the coming ones will probably show a falling off again." The vessels reported as on the way are the Pearl, from Boston, and the Protégé, Hera, and Chasca, from New York, all for Melbourne. These bring 6,300 cases. The Rattler, which sailed about the same time with 5,000 cases, arrived about three weeks ago. The Harriet Ewing, for Sydney, has 3,850 cases, and the Sallie Brown, for Dunedin, has 2,500 cases ; these were all advised the previous month, and on the present occa- sion the actual shipments reported from America are 12,500 cases per Corsica, to sail 23rd February, of which 2,000 are for Adelaide; 6,000 cases per Victor, to sail 3rd March ; and 2,500 cases per Appiniade, for Sydney, to sail 25th February—all from New York. The Marianno was loading at Boston. Photolite was quoted at 38½c., Radiant at 38c., and Downer's at 43c. 4,000 cases have been shipped by the Beatrice, from Liverpool to Adelaide. The market has hardly been so strong since the mail came in. Castor oil has been quoted at 4s. 4d., duty paid ; there is, however, little business doing. The Karnak, which has just arrived from Calcutta, has brought 600 cases; the Jane Bell, which left Calcutta for Adelaide, had 100 hhds., and the Rose M., loading for Melbourne, had 200 cases on board. Linseed is unaltered, and little business has been reported ; we quote 3s. 10½d. to 3s. 6d. for drums and casks. Colza is saleable at 4s. 9d. for drums, and 4s. 4d. in cask. Olive oil is dull, at 9d. for drums and 6s. 6d. for casks. Polar is moved off very slowly at £44. There is little doing in Chinese, owing to the stiffness of holders, who, as advice from Hong Kong have been of a favourable tone, now ask 4s. 6d.; buyers, however, show no desire whatever to follow the market, and, since the price was raised from 4s., very little appears to have changed hands. Oilmen's Stores.—Some descriptions of stores are still scarce and wanted, but the market, on the whole being well supplied, shows less activity than we have been wont to report. Nevertheless it will be found that quotations generally speaking are well supported, and changes only of a trivial character havo taken place since our last, Pickles are disposed of at prices ranging from 8s 6d. to 9s. 6d. and 10s. 6d. to 11s. 6d. Bottled fruits command from 10s 6d. to 10s 9d. for as- sorted. Black currants bring from 11s. 6d. to 11s. 9d. One- pound jams are placed at 11s. to 8s. 6d. Salad oils have gone up a trifle, and we quote this month from 20s. to 25s. for quarts ; pints find buyers at 10s. 6d. to 1s. 6d., and up to 12s. 5d. for Crosse and Blackwell ; and half-pints are quitted at from 6s. 6d. to 7s. 3d. Castor oil, in pints, has been placed at from 8s. to 9s., and half pints at 4s. 9d. to 5s. Sauces being somewhat scarcer are saleabla at from 7s. to 8s. 6d., and at 10s. for Crosse and Blackwell. Capers realise from 6s. to 6s. 6d. Colman's mustard is quitted at from 8¼d to 8½d. ; 1lb. tins are placed at 10s 6d., and half-pound tins at 6s. 6d. Keen's mustard brings 8d. per lb., and 10s. and 6s. to 6s. 3d. for pound and half-pound tins respectively. White starch is got rid of at 5¼d., and blue starch at 5d. Thumb blue is very scarce ; we quote 10½d. Sago is disposed of at 2¼d. Macaroni and vermicelli bring 8½d. and 9d. Black and white pepper having advanced considerably in Singapore, values here have likewise stiffened slightly ; for white 7d. to 7¼d. is wanted, and black sells at 5¼d. to 5½d. Provisions show more firmness ; there is, however, now very little doing in imported. Butter is not in abundant supply. A brisk demand has been lately experienced for Victorian made at 15d., but Sydney cured has not met with so much attention, though offering at 1s. Good colonial cheese is in fair request at 8d. to 10d. Bacon and hams are very scarce in- deed. In the meantime, we cannot give a reliable quotation in the absence of sales. Quicksilver.—Stocks have not been much added to during the month. We note a moderate inquiry for trade purposes at 2s. 4d. Rice.—This market was enlivened by the arrival of the Isabella Brown, in the beginning of the month, with 200 tons Patna, followed by the Karnak, about ten days later, with an equal quantity. The present season, however, is quite a contrast to former ones, inasmuch as though the quantity of new rice com- ing forward is so very much smaller than has been shipped to the colonies for years, this fact has made no impression whatever on the market, which is so dull and listless that only a por- tion of the first shipment has yet been got rid of—up to £22 is asked. The low price ruling for Java rice still attracts attention to that description. We are in- formed that some 450 tons were placed a fortnight ago, on terms withheld, and that now all the Boedhi Raja fort has gone into the hands of one firm. The advices to hand by the present mail ara, on the whole, favourable to the market. From Hong Kong we learn that prices had advanced there very materially; there were no shipments advised, but the Chelsea was load- ing, though very slowly. From Calcutta we have ad- vices to the 14th March. Our correspondents state that 400 tons of rice had been purchased to meet the require- ments of the Rose M., then on the berth for Mel- bourne, and about 800 tons were placed in anticipa- tion of the wants of a ship expected to arrive to load for the colonies at the price of £11 11s. 8d. per ton, f.o.b. Our quotations for Melbourne-dressed Java stand at £19. Saigon is valuod at £17 10s. to £18, and for Boedhi Raja we quote £17 10s. Salt has been very quiet indeed. Stocks are almost entirely in the hands of the trade, and as no encourage- ment to speculate is offered, transactions have been of very minor importance. Coarse and fine salt is disposed of for trade purposes at £4 5s. One sale of 300 tons is reported amongst the month's transactions, in addi- tion to the ordinary demand. Slates.—Business in these goods has been confined to the operations of the trade, few or no transactions having been reported by the import houses, nor have any auction sales taken place for some time past. A fair demand is experienced by the dealers, but the prices realised are not altogether satisfactory ; but, as shipments from home have very much fallen off of late, an early improvement is anticipated. Duchess, 24 X 12, are quoted at £17 10s. to £17 15s. ; small Duchess, 22 x 12, are valued at £15 15s.; and Countess, 20 x 10, are saleabloeat £12 7s. 6d., to £12 10s. These are the most suitable sizes for this port. Sugar.—The market has been somewhat inanimate for the greater part of the month, indeed the whole of the month's business is comprised in the sales of the second week, transactions during the first, third, and fourth weeks having been restricted to the disposal of damaged parcels and remainders of cargoes. The week after the departure of the last mail steamer, a good deal of excitement was caused by the numerous arrivals of sugar laden vessels, quite a little fleet having that week put in an appearance, and had it not been for the very favourable tenor of Mauritius advices then to hand doubtless we should have been compelled to record a considerable decline in price. The public sales that week consisted of 2,000 bags and mats damaged, ex Perseverant, sold on the 29th ult. at satisfactory prices ; and a day or two afterwards some 1,300 bags—the damaged portion of the Clara Sayers—were got rid of. At the period referred to, advices were received by the Sarah, from Mau- ritius, to the 23rd of February, at which time the market there presented a rising tendency, a prominent feature being the increased demand for Europe. The arrivals reported that week from Mauritius consisted of the Sarah, Amoor, St. Kilda, Eva Joshua, and Larnax. The St. Magnus, from Penang, also came in early in the week, chiefly loaded with sugar, the produce of that island. No less than four cargoes were offered for sale during the week following, and in every instance the entire quantity was cleared off, with the exception of one shipment, of which only a portion was sold. In the beginning of the week referred to the market bore a somewhat heavy aspect, but the advice which came to hand on Tuesday, the 5th inst, of the total loss of the Flying Cloud, on her way round to this port from Adelaide, with her cargo of Mauritius sugar intact, impartod an improved tone, and prices slightly advanced. On Monday, the 4th inst, the Sarah's cargo of Mauritius, amounting to 4,035 bags, was offered, and the whole was disposed of at prices which showed a decline of 30s. on white crystals ; the rates realised for other sorts about sustained previous currency. Middling rations brought 28s. 3d.; good to fine browns, 31b. 3d. to 32s. 9d ; good yellow, 34s 9d. to 35s.; fine to finest yellow, 36s. 6d. to 37s. 3d.; and good to fine white, 38s. 3d. to 38s 9d. The sale on Tuesday, the day after, attracted considerable notice, and as a large attendance was thus secured, the bidding proved spirited. It is generally allowed that a good 10s. per ton over the provious day's sale was realised. Of the St. Kllda's cargo of Mauritius, 1,900 bags and 800 pockets only were quitted. Rations brought 29s. to 30s. 6d.; medium yellow counters sold at 32s. 9d. to 33s. 9d.; fine counters at 34s. 9d. to 35s.; grey crystals at 36s. to 37s. ; and white crystals at 38s. 6d. to 38s. 9d. The balance of the Stad Leijden's cargo of Java sugar, comprising 4,074 mats, was also quitted at the same time. Browns realised 32s. to 32s. 6d. ; low counters 33s. 6d. ; and grey crystals 35s. 3d. to 37s. 6d. On Wednesday, the 6th, the cargo of Mauritius sugar, per Eva Joshua, was submitted to public competition, and the shipment, amounting to 5,063 bags, was sold at prices which established a slight advance. Low to good rations brought 29s. to 30s. 6d. ; low to fine browns, 31s. 9d. to 33s. ; good yellow, 34s. 9d. to 35s. 6d. ; finest yellow, 37s. 6d. ; middling to good white, 38s. 3d. to 39s. On the 8th the auction sale attracted a full attendance, and the fact that the cargo of the St Magnus, amounting to 4,251 bags, was entirely cleared off, spoke strongly in favour of the tone and firmness of the market, Penang sugars, the description then sold, being as yet comparatively unknown with us. Rations realised 29s. to 30s. ; fine browns to low yellows, 31s. 6d. to 32s ; good to fine yellow, 34s. 3d. to 35s. ; and finest yellow, 36s. 3d. 1,100 bags, the damaged portion of the Sarah's cargo, were cleared off on Saturday forenoon, the 9th inst, at fair prices. The holidays last week interfered with the ordinary course of trade, and business in consequence has not been till the present time characterised by much ac- tivity. The sales last week were as follow :—On Tuesday, the 12th, the damaged portion of the St. Magnus's Penang shipment was offered for sale, and the whole, amounting to 4,865 bags, found purchasers at middling prices for net cash. On Wednesday 391 bags, the damaged portion of the Eva Joshua's Mauri- tius sugars, were cleared off. The arrivals during the same period comprised the Cleopatra, from Formosa, for the company ; the Alma, from Maritius ; and the Emile, from Bourbon—the latter with her cargo, chiefly ration sorts, has since been ordered on to Sydney. Nothing of importance has transpired during the present week. The Glendower, from Mauritius, has appeared amongst the arrivals. Tea.—Messrs. James C. Robortson and Co. report on the past month as follows:—"Since the date of our last circular confidence has been resumed, and a large and steady trade effected, principally in the finer de- scriptions of congous, at about quotations. The trade, although still acting with caution, show greater willingness to enter into stocks. The month's arrivals number four vessels, bringing cargoes consisting chiefly of good common congous. Holders continue firm in their demands, and prices remain much as previously reported. Foo-chow dust and sittings are slow of sale at from 8d. to 10d. Ordinary to good ordinary pass off slowly, ordinary fetching 10½d. to 11d, and good ordinary 11½d. to 1s. ½d. Mixed leaf kinds to mixed leaf kinds with flavour have found purchasers at from 1s. 1d. to 1s. 4d. Blackish leaf kinds to blackish leaf kinds strong with flavour are in good demand at 1s. 5d., to 1s. 7½d. Kaisow kinds strong with flavour, and pekee souchong to pekoe flavour, have been largely dealt in at 1s. 8d. to 2s. 2d., and very little now remains in first hands. Green teas and scented orange pekoes are without inquiry. Auction Sales.—On the 11th inst., the cargo of the George H. Peake, from Foo-chow, consisting of 7,918 packages, was offered. Very little disposition was shown by the trade to purchase, and only 3,040 packages were quitted at and after the sale at satis- factory rates. On the 13th inst. the Catherine Fullar- ton's cargo, amounting to 6,726 packages, of which 3,523 packages were disposed of at about quota- tions. Arrivals.—On the 27th March the Catherine Fullarton from Hong Kong, with 113,500lb., passage 76 days ; on the 6th inst. the G. H. Peake from Hong Kong, with 280,000lb. of Foo-chow tea, passage 75 days; on the 17th inst, the Coryphus from Foo- chow, with 317,300lb., passage 58 days ; on the 19th inst., the Maria Elizabeth from Foo-chow, with 308,200lb., passage 68 days. At Sydney.—Laurita from Foo chow, with 281,800lb. March 28, the Hiero- ninus, from Foo-chow, with 280,500lb., passage 66 days; on the 20th inst., the Spartan from Foo- chow, with 219,700lb., passage 68 days. The deliveries for the past month have been 384,453lb. against 106,928lb. at same time last year. The stock in bond in Melbourne on the 16th inst. was 4,194,030lb. against 4,879,228lb. on April 24, 1869. Our quota- tions are :—Congou—Dust and sittings, 7½d. to O9, ; broken Foo-chow, 8½d. to 10d, ; ordinary to good, 10½d. to 11½d.; mixed leaf kinds, 1s. 1d. to 1s. 3½d. ; do., with little flavour, 1s. 2½d. to 1s. 3½d ; blackish leaf kinds, 1s. 4½d. to 1s. 5d. ; do. strong, 1s. 5¼d. to 1s. 6d. ; do. strong flavour, 1s. 5d. to 1s. 7d.; kaisow kinds, strong, 1s. 8d. to 1s. 10d. ; pekoe sou- chong and pekoe flavour, 1s. 11d. to 2s. Sd. ; fine rich pekoe-souchong flavour, 2s. 3d. to 2s. 4½d. ; do., very fine do., 2s. 5d. to 2s. 7d. ; souchong, common, 1s. to 1s. 2d. ; do., middling to fine, 1s. 3d. to 1s. 4d.; orange pekoe, scented ordinary and broken, 1s. 3d. to 1s. 4d. ; do., good to fine, 1s. 6d. to 1s. 8d. ; do., finest country kind, 1s. 10d. to 1s. 11d. ; caper, scented, common to middling, 1s. 1d. to 1s. 4½d. ; do., middling to fine, 1s. 6d. to 1s. 7d. ; young hyson, common, 11d. to 1s. 1d. ; good to fine, 1s. 5d. to 1s. 8d.; finest, none ; gunpowder, Canton, good to fino, 10½d. to 1s. 8d. Above quotations are at per lb. in bond for chests (boxes being worth 2d. per lb. more)." Timber bears an extremely heavy look. The arrivals have been of considerable extent, and business has been much affected in consequence, and almost every attempt to tell has proved abortive. In the week ending 4th April three cargoes of deals came to hand. The sales reportod were, on Tuesday, the 29th March:—Ex Gauthiod, 2,000 red Baltic deals were quitted at, for 11 x 3, 4¼d. to 4d. 5-16ths per foot 9x3, and for 9x3, 4½d. to 4d. 3 16ths per foot lineal. Ex Columbia—3,850 red and white pine deals were placed at 3d, to 3½d. per foot 9x3. Ex Alcyone —46,000ft white pine shelving brought £10 15s. per 1,000ft. Ex Callender—Balance cargo of cedar logs, at 17s. per 100ft. Ex Annie Moore—65 logs black- wood realised 7s. 6d. to 7s. 9d. per 100ft. ; 12 logs hardwood, 7s. do. The following week the damaged cargo by the Tasmanian was offered for sale, and disposed of on account of whom It may concern, 745,800ft. spruce T. and G. flooring realised 2s. 9d. to 5s. 9d. per 100ft ; 14,416ft spruce deals, 2d. 7-16ths to 3½d per foot 9x3; 150 red pine deals, 3½d. do. ; 60,000ft. white pine deals, £4 12s. 6d. to £6 2s. 6d. per 1,000ft. ; 21,825ft. clear pine, £8 to £10 5s. do. ; 21,822ft. carpenters', £7 10s. to £11 15s. do : 14,140ft. white pine shelving, £8 10s. do. ; 19,155ft. do. T. and G., £4 10s. to £6 5s. do. ; 34,575 pickets, £5 17s. 6d. to £6 15s. per 1,000 ; 90,000 4½ft. laths, 26s. 9d. do. Last week the arrivalseombraced the Marmion, from Vancouver's Island, with a cargo of lumber. The Peru and the Augusta, from Gefle, via Adelaide, with full cargoes of deals ; the Admiral, from Christiana, and the Gefle, from Gefle, with cargoes of flooring, while the Alice Maud, from California, is known to be on the way from Sydney. The cargoes of flooring, ex Heimdal, from Frederickstadt, and deals, ex Malta, from Soderham, were offered for sale on Tuesday the 12th. The flooring was passed in, prices not being considered satisfactory. The deals realised the following rates at per foot of 9 x 3 :—9 x 4, 4d. 7-16ths to 4d. 9 16ths; 11 x 3, 4d. 3 16ths to 4½d. ; 9x3,4½d. to 4d.5-16ths ; 7 x 2½, 4d. 3-16ths. On the 20th inst., ex M'Gilvery, 74,000ft. white pine shelving realised £10 12s. 6d. to £10 15s. per 1,000ft, ; 10,134ft. clear pine, £16 2s. 6d. do.; 213,000 4½ft. spruce laths; 26s. 9d. per 1,000 ; 1,500 spruce pickets, £5 12s. 6d ; 1,177 D.M. doors, 11s. 3d. to 20s. 6d. each. Ex Pearl, 513 doors D.M. and S.M., brought 11s. to 13s. 6d. Ex Rattler, 40,501ft. white pine shelving, £10 12s. 6d. to £10 17s. 6d. per 1,000ft.; 4,265ft. spruce T. and G., 5s. 9d. per 100ft. ; 130,000 4ft laths, 23s. 3d. per 1,000. Ex White Swallow, 8,000ft. clear pine, £14 2s. 6d. per 1,000ft. The Nation's Hope, from Puget Sound, with lumber, is this week ordered round from Sydney to this market. Tobacco.—In the beginning of the month the de- mand for export was tolerably brisk ; inquiries, how- ever, chiefly ran upon the lower grades. About 300 packages low and inferior twists were taken up for shipment. For local trade purposes the demand was also satisfactory, but the business done throughout the month has not gone beyond supplying trade re- quirements, almost every attempt to get rid of stock more freely by auction having been invariably at tended by want of success. On the 2nd instant, several large parcels of Cameron's manufacture were advertised for sale on agent's account and others, but nothing of importance was sold saving tho sea- damaged, which realised as follows:—About 119 packages were disposed of—Damaged tena brought 1s. 5d. ; fives, 1s. 4¾d. to 1s. 5¼d. ; and twist, 1s. 2d. to 1s. 2¾d., net. This is the only public sale re- ported of any moment throughout the month. The arrival of the mail is calculated to give a considerable impetus to the market, inasmuch as the advices re- ceived are of the most favourable character. The only departure reported with tobacco from New York and Boston is the Chasca, and she brings only 46 half- tierces, 25 quarter-tierces, 40 cases, and 30 three-quarter boxes. Regard- ing future shipments, Messrs. Cameron and Co. write, under date Petersburg, Va., 10th February :— " During the past month we have only shipped 30 half and 28 quarter-tierces Raven twist. We shall have no shipment of any kind to advise next month, but by April we hope to announce the first of the new season's Two Seas fives and tens." The actual effect of those advices on the market has not yet, owing to the Easter holidays, been properly developed. Our trade quotations are—Common tens and half-pounds, from 5d. to 8d. ; medium, 10d.; good, 1s.; fine, 1s. 6d.; twist, Kerr's, 10½d.; Raglan and Queen of the South, old shipment 13d., new up to 14d.; Black Swan, from 15d. to 16d. ; St. Andrew's, 1s. 5d ; Raven and Bar- rett's, 1s. 6d. Cigars—Manilla cheroots,70s.; Havannah, 75s. ; Ormond Swiss, 35s. ; and genuine Havannah from £10 to £40. Wines and Spirits present but a most depressed aspect, and unless when sales have been forced under the hammer, no transactions in either sherries or ports have been recorded. For sherries we quote as follows, but in the absence of any thing like sales, we can only give an approximate quotation. Low sherries can be purchased at £18 to £20. For good we quote £26 to £30 ; medium realises £35 to £45. and fine £55 to £70. Port, common, brings £20 to £24 ; good, £30 to £40; fine, £50 to £60; and su- perior, £70 to £90. The market, however, is in a most unsatisfactory state, and were it not for the auction mart, to which dealers and importers are compelled to resort to get rid of their surplus stock, we fear little or no progress could be made in the way of sales at all, and nothing we can possibly say speaks so much for the de- pressed state of the markot as the attempts con- tinually made to evade publishing the prices realised at these sales. On Wednesday, the 30th March, an ex- tensive clearing sale of wines and spirits was deseribed morely as the whole having been "sold realising fair market rates." At an auction sale on the 6th inst., when very extensive parcels were submitted to public competition, no disposition whatever was evinced to operate, and the greater portion offered had in con- sequence to be withdrawn. 137 quarter casks and hhds. sherry and port were quitted, the former at £24, £33, and up to £48; Madeira brought £48, while the port disposed of at same time realised £10. £17, £18 10s., and up to £50. Brandies moet with equal neglect ; only the most trifling retail sales are re- ported. Hennessy's and Martell's nevertheless main- tain a steady quotation of 6a. 9d. to 7s. Otard's is valued at 6s. 6d. to 6s. 9d. C.V.P. and Vinegrowers' are moved off slowly at 6s. 6d. Associated Vineyard can be bought at 6s. U.V.P. ia quoted at 5s. 6d. B. Frere is valued at 5s. 3d., and Central Vineyard brings 5s. Sales of low brandies at auction were reported at 3s. 6d. to 4s 4½d. Of Hennessy's case the market has been very bare for some time ; supplies, however, have come to hand this week, and sales are now making at 26s. 3d. ; Martell's is quoted at 24s. ; Otard's is saleable at 23s. to 23s 6d. U.V.P. can be bought at 21s. ; Renault's is quoted at 20s.; and Associated Vineyard brings 18s. to 20s. Geneva is without animation whatever, and quotations show no change. JDKZ, short strength, brings 12s., full contents brings 13s. 6d. to 14s.; V.H. and Co. is quoted at 13s. ; Key has been sold at 12s. 9d. Sales of Key and JDKZ, in bulk, were made by auction at 2s. 7½d. to 2s. 10½d. Rum is completely and entirely neglected ; 10 per cent. o.p. is quoted at 3s. 6d., and 30 per cent. o. p. at 3s. 6d., but offers at less money would not be refused. Whiskey is in slow sals, at 3s. 6d. to 3s. 9d. Old tom is valued at 13s. REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The market is still characterised by an absence of speculative demand. Trade in shares is of a hand to mouth character. Investment stocks seem to have touched bottom, and there is an improvement to note in several instances—in bank shares chiefly. Several interesting meetings have been held, foremost amongst which was that of the Melbourno Meat-preserving Company, which paid a first dividend at rate of 10 per cent., but according to the accounts showed over 40 per cent profit per annum. The manufacture of arti- ficial ice has proved itself to be a sound and profitable business, dividends varying from 12½ to 17½ per cent. per annum ; the Victoria lce Company has secured an extension of the inventor's patent. The Melbourne Omnibus Company has declared a second half-yearly dividend at rate of 10 per cent. The increase of capital in the Victoria Meat-preserving Com- pany has been successfully accomplished, and the works, on an extended scale, will soon be in full swing. Again the drafts of the Commercial Bank have been refused by their London correspon- dents, the Colonial Bank of Australia. Anywhere else such an occurrence might have led to panic, but the intelligence of an Australian community prevents any groundless uneasiness. It is fully understood that the mischance arises solely from the Draper frauds, and that ample provision has been made against the re- currence of the inconvenience. The Commercial Bank has taken its agency from the Colonial Bank, and now draws upon the London branch of the leading bank of this colony, viz. the Bank of Victoria. The feeling amongst a great many persons is that the Lon- don manager of the Colonial Bank held rather cheaply the credit of the Commercial, and that he should have strained a point to avoid the dishonour of the Commercial's drafts, knowing, as it is presumed he would have done, that the bank's standing—with £200,000 paid-up capital, £200,000 uncalled capital, and one of the largest pro- prietaries in the colonies—was beyond all question. Without a full knowledge of Mr. Douglas's reasons for the harsh course he took, it is not, however, fair to condemn him. Victoria Government Debentures are a shade easier. Little or no change in gas stocks. An improvement in Australasian Fire Insurance; other com- panies' shares stationary. Mines continue quiet, without any further unfavourable development. There are. indeed, symptoms of improvement, the dividend lists frequently exceeding in length the list of calls. The quartz companies of the Daylesford district have been in favour. Stringer's Creek holds a prominent place. The champion claim there (the Long Tunnel) has crushed 527 tons, with an average result of 5oz. gold per ton from a huge reef. In dividends, Bendigo holds the first place, and mining matters are much healthier there than in some of the districts lately fashionable amongst promoters. Debentures.—Victoria Govern- ment Sixes have been repeatedly sold at 108, and 108½ is asked ; buyers at 107½. Melbourne Corporation Sixes obtainable at 106½, and dull. Banks.—Ballarat Bank neglected. Colonial Bank improved to £7 5s sales, and sellers at that still ; the balance-sheet this half-year looks better, a considerable sum being carried forward after paying dividend at rate of 8 per cent. per annum ; the rise in price in the month is 10s. per share. Commercial Bank were at £4 10s., call paid ; they quickly improved to £5 sales, but since the arrival of the news of a second refusal in London the price gave way 5s.—say £4 15s. sales, and £4 16s. 6d. sellers. National Bank rose to £6 sales, and are now firmly held for that price. The dividend accrued on 31st March; we should not be surprised if the bonus were withheld at the forthcoming half-yearly meeting. Bank of New South Wales sold down to £38. Sellers of Bank of Victoria at £37 10s. Land Mortgage Bank wanted at £2 7s 6d. Gas Companies.—Collingwood Gas offered at £8, buyers at £7 13s. Melbourne Gas sold at £5 18s. No others dealt in. Insurance Companies.— The Australasian Fire and Marine Company held a special meeting, convened in consequence of a requisi- tion, to consider the removal of the company's execu- tive officers. After explanations the hostile motion was withdrawn. It was shown distinctly at the meet- ing that the marine losses arose from business initiated in London, and not from colonial shipping risks. Sales up to 7s 6d., and buyers thereabout. Australasian Life are at 17s. Alliance worth 25s. Southern Insurance sold at 21s., 21s. 6d., and 22s. 6d. asked. National Fire held for 4s. 7½d. : sales up to 5s. Miscellaneous Com- panies.—Hobson's Bay Railway obtainable at £53 10s. Sales of Melbourne Meat- preserving Company's shares at £5 5s. ex div. ; sellers at same figure. Mines.— The principal fluctuations during the last four weeks have been :—Band and Albion Consols, 20s. to 17s. 6d. to 25s. to 16s.; Bonshaw, £140 to £150 ; Great Gulf, 20s. to 17s. to 21s. ; Koh-i-noor, £5 2s. 6d. to £5 10s. ; Leviathan, £10 to £12 to £11 10s. ; Park, £4 7s. 6d. to £4 to £4 5s. ; St. George and Band, £3 to £2 2s. 6d. ; Wellington, from 12s. 6d. to 26s., call paid ; Albion Consols, 5s. to 10s.; Ballarat and Bendigo, £150 to £80; Nightingale, 30s to 15s. ; Prince Imperial 30s. to 25s.; Hand and Band, £4 to £4 17s. 6d.; United Sub- urban, £6 to £3; Winter's Freehold, per 7,083rd, £4 to £3 15s.; Clunes, £7 to £7 10s. ; Comet, 4s 9s. to 4s. to 4s. 6d.; Great Extended Hustler's, 26s. to 22s. to 25s. ; Her- cules, 8s. 9d. to 8s. 3d ; Long Tunnel, £92 to £105 ; New North Clunes, £105 to £120 ; North Gipps Land, £10 to £13; North Johnson's, 10s. to 12s.; Walhalla, £145 to £135; Wallaby, 25s, to 12s. 6d ; North Clunes Consols, £2 5s. to £2 to £2 7s. 6d.; United Poverty 12s. to 6s. 6d.; Victoria, Gordon, 25s. to 15s. It will be observed that in the following statement the divi- dends from quartz mines are nearly treble those from alluvial. This and similar significant facts have been forcing themselves on attention all this year. The dividends due or declared since the last mail's de- parture amount to £66,083. Of this amount £21,273 is from public companies, viz.—Colonial Bank, at rate of 8 per cent., £17,500; Melbourne Meat-preserving Company, at rate of 10 per cent., £1,923 ; Victoria Ice Company, £3 10s. per share, £1,225; Melbourne Omnibus Company, at rate of 10 per cent, £626 Mines have distributed £44,810, viz.—from 34 quartz mines, £33,360 ; from 11 alluvial mines, £11,450. The comparison of mine dividends with the previous four weekly periods of 1870 stands thus:—Mines divi- dends in— January .. .. .. .. .. £26,336 February .. .. .. .. 54,600 March .. .. .. .. .. 47,030 April .. .. .. .. .. 44,810 Total this year .. .. .. £172,776 The districts paying dividends during last four weeks rank thus : — Bendigo, £15,370 ; Stringer's Creek, £6,600; Clunes, £6,170; Springdallah, £4,876 ; Bal- larat, £4,610; Lauriston, £1,600; Wood's Point, £1,200; Daylesford, £1,130; Blackwood, £880; Pleasant Creek, £450 ; Reedy Creek, £350 ; Maryborough, £340; Talbot, £240. The divi- dends in detail since last mail have been— For week ending April 2 :—Bonshaw, 15s. per 3,360th ; Energetic, Lauriston, £1 per 1,600th ; Golden Stream, Springdallah, 12s. 6d. per 2,000th ; Lancashire, Bendigo, 23s. 6d. per 48th ; New North Clunes, £3 per 2,056th ; New Chum Tribute, Bendigo, 1s. 6d. per 1,400th ; Nil Desperandum, Raywood, 6d. per 20,000th; Prince of Wales, Cobbler's, 5s. per 8,343rd ; Sadowa, Talbot, £1 per 240th ; Sir John Franklin, Wood's Point, 6s. per 2,400th , Unity, Bendigo, 6d. per 20,000th ; Victory, Bendigo, 6d. per 30,000th; Victory Tribute, Bendigo, 27s. 6d. per 320th. The proportion of dividend from each district thus:—Clunes, £6,170 Ballarat, £4,610; Bendigo, £2,340; Lauriston, £1,600; Spring- dallah, £1,250 ; Wood's Point, £600 ; Talbot, £240. For week ending April 9 :—Annabella, Huntly, 1s. 6d. per 3,200th ; Freehold United, Hepburn, 1s. 6d. per 3,000th ; Golden Horn, Springdallah, 10s. per 2,500th ; Great Extended, Hustler's, Bendigo, 1s. 9d. per 28,000th ; Long Tunnel, Stringer's Creek, £2 10s. per 2,400th ; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 7s. 6d. per 456th; Morning Light, Bendigo, 1s. per 4,000th; New Moon, Napoleon Gully, Bendigo, £7 per 32nd; North Garden Gully, Bendigo, £35 per 24th ; Passby Tribute, 6d. per 8,000th ; Wellington, Bendigo, 3d. per 20,000th. The districts from which these divi- dends are derived rank thus in order of amount:— Stringer's Creek, £6,000; Bendigo, £4,400; Spring- dallah, £1,250 ; Daylesford, £230 ; Maryborough, £170. For week ending April 16:—A1 Castle Reef, 2s. per 3,540th ; Elliott and Co., Johnson's Reef, £10 per 12th ; Golden Fleece Tribute, 9d. per 12,000th ; Ga- latea, Scarsdale, 10s. per 2,100th ; Golden Lake, Scarsdale, 6s. per 4,400th; North Cross Reef, Plea- sant Creek (?), 4s. 6d. per 10,000th ; Old Chum, Bendigo, £10 per 18th ; Prideaux Tribute, Al- dinga, 4s. per 200th ; Rourke, Henderson, and Co., Bendigo, £10 per 300th ; Walhalla, Stringer's Creek, £1 per 600th. In order of amount the mining districts contribute dividends thus :— Bendigo, £3,790 ; Scarsdale, £2,370 ; Walhalla £600; Pleasant Creek, £460; Raspberry Creek, £350 For week ending April 23:—Colonial Bank of Australasia at rate of 8 per cent. per annum, £17,500 ; Annabella, Huntly, 1s. per 3,100th ; Cumberland Tribute, Ben- digo, 2s. per share; Golden Fleece Tribute, 9d. per per 12,000th ; Groat Britain, Bendigo, 9d. per 12,000th ; Great Extended Hustler's, Bendigo, 1s. 6d. per 28,000th; Hope, Wood's Point, 1s. por 12,000th; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 7s. 6d per 456th ; New Moon, Napoleon Gully, Bendigo, £7 10s. per 32nd; No, 1 South, Hepburn, 6s. por 3,000th (?); North Johnson, Bendigo, 1s. per 22,000th; Sultan, Blackwood, 7s. per 2,500th. In order of amount, the mining districts contribute dividends thus:—Ben- digo, £4,840 ; Daylesford, £900 ; Blackwood, £880; Wood's Point, £600; Maryborough, £170. The Bendigo district yields (omitting those under 20oz.) have been—For week ending April 2 :—Great Extended Hustler's Company, 758oz.; North Garden Gully Company, 278oz.; Great Britain Company, 139oz.; North Johnson's Company, 127oz.; Anabe.la Company, 104oz.; Morning Light Company, 77oz.; Johnson's Reef Company, 38oz.; Telegraph Company, 28oz ; St. Mungo Company, 10½oz. ; Passby Company, 62 tons, 99oz ; Opossum Reef Tribute, 51oz ; Prince Alfred Tribute Company, 49oz ; Huntly Deep Lead Company, 22oz. ; Hurcules Company, 74oz.; Inde- fatigable Company, 24oz.; Bell and Watson, 72oz.; Humboldt Company, 23oz.; Alfred Company, 49oz.; South St. Mungo reported to be 105oz For week ending April 9:—Rourke, Henderson, and Co , 966oz. ; Golden Fleece Tribute Company, 276oz.; Elliott and Co., 112oz. ; Frederick the Great Company, 93oz ; Nil Desperandum Company, 71oz ; Johnson's Reef Company, 42oz. ; Albion Company, Bird's Reef, 77oz.; West of England Company, 27oz. ; Nil Despe- randum Company, North Victoria Reer, 28oz.; Thomas and Co., 25oz. ; Windmill Hill Company, 100oz. ; Vic- tory Tribute Company, 81oz.; Victory Company,45oz.; Catherine United Company, 155oz.; Williams and Com- pany, 41oz. ; Ashman's Tribute, 22oz. ; Who-Can-Tell Company, 32oz.; North Specimen Hill Company, 23oz.; Forweek ending April 16:—Extended Hustler's Com- pany, 642oz. ; North Johnson's Company, 257oz. ; Duchess of Switzerland Company, 175oz. ; Elliott and Company, on tribute, 40oz. ; Passby Tributo Com- pany, 82oz ; Opossum Reef Company, 20oz.; Huntly Deep Lead Company, 38oz.; Great Britain Company, 106oz ; Hercules Company, 48oz. ; Annabolla Com- pany, 86oz. ; St. Mungo Company, 170oz. The Ballarat and district yields since last mail are thus summarised by the "Star":—"Alluvial.—Albion Consols, 85oz. ; Australasian, 279oz. ; Band and Albion Consols, 1,397oz.; Bonshaw, 1,648oz. ; Ballarat and Clunes, 30oz. ; Bute, 209oz.; Break-o'-Day, 206oz.; Crucible, 31oz. ; Cardigan Consols, 50oz. ; Durham, 258oz. ; Enfield, 63oz. ; Great Northern Junction, 982oz. ; Golden Horn, 476oz. ; Golden Lake, 643oz. ; Golden Stream, 996oz. ; Galatea, 765oz. ; Grand Trunk, Creswick, 234oz. ; Golden Point, Creswick, 67oz. ; Havelock, 13oz.; Hand and Band, 233oz. ; Hit or Miss, 98oz.; Innes's Freehold, 38oz. ; Leviathan, 945oz. ; Monte Christo, 53oz. ; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 547oz. ; Never-Can-Tell, 346oz.; Nil Des- perandum, 31oz.; Park, 2,120oz.; Prince of Wales, Sebas- topol, 1,300oz. ; Prince of Wales, Carngham, 10oz.; Phœnix, 14oz.; Royal Standard, 101oz. ; Reform, Had- don, 250oz.; Reform, Carngham, 22oz.; Rothsay, 234oz.; St George and Band of Hope United, 256oz.; Sons and Doma, 355oz.; Sadowa, 657oz.; Wheal Kitty, 51oz.; total, 39 companies, 16,053oz. Quartz—Albion, 116oz.; Alfred, 79oz.; Ballarat and Carngham Consols, 86oz.; Freehold United, 448oz.; Goldsbrough, 79oz.; Greenock, 134oz.; Homeward Bound, Scotchman's, 187oz.; Isis, 187oz. ; Imperial, 180oz ; Kangaroo Bob, 24oz.; Llanberris, 160oz.; New North CluneB, 2,020oz.; New Albion, 266oz.; No.1 South, Hepburn, 243oz.; New Alliance, 335oz.; Newington and Pleasant Creek, 26oz.; North German, 160oz.; Prince of Wales Company, Sebastopol, 430oz.; Port Phillip, 798oz.; Red Streak, 66oz.; South Clunes, 382oz.; Star of the West, 108oz.; Sultan, 347oz.; True Blue, 73oz. ; United Happy Valley, 770oz.; Victoria, Clunes, 342oz.; Victoria, Gordon, 54oz.; Wallaby, 20oz.; total, 28 companies, 8,126oz." MELBOURNE MONTHLY WOOL REPORT. FRIDAY, April 22. Messrs. R. GOLDBROUGH and Co. report:—" Wool. —As usual at this season of the year, there is not much business doing. There have been four auction sales during the month, at which about 650 bales were disposed of, late rates being fully maintained. The quantity of wool coming forward is very limited, being principally fellmongers' parcels, which meet with ready sale. The news received by the mall is considered satisfactory, and has given buyers more confidence. Since the departure of last mail we have had splendid rains, extending throughout Riverina and the greater portion of Victoria, and grass is springing freely. So far as can be judged from present appearances the next clip promises well, and there is every indication of a fine season. The following ships have cleared for London since our last :—1870. March 29, Lady Jocelyn, 2,433 bales; April 2, Orwell, 1,171 bales ; True Briton, 881 bales ; April 14, Loch Tay, 747 bales ; Swiftsure (to sail), 1,000 bales. Total, 6,232 bales. Previous clearances, 186,975 bales. Total, October 1, 1869, to date, 193,207 bales. Total corresponding period last year, 200,535 bales. We give the following as being the prices now current:— Greasy.—Inferior to ordinary, 4½d. to 6½d. ; ordinary to good, 6½d. to 8d. ; good to superior, 8d. to 9½d. Fleece.—Inferior to ordinary, 10s. to 1s. ; ordinary to good, 1s. to 1s. 3d. ; good to superior, 1s. 4d. to 1s. 7d. None offering. Scoured.—Inferior, 9d. to 11d. ; ordinary, 11d. to 1s. 1d. ; good, 1s. 2d. to 1s. 4d. ; superior, 1s. 5d. to 1s. 9d. Hides have been in steady demand during the month at a slight reduction on late rates. Good conditioned, wet salted, are realising from 3½d. to 3¾d. per lb. Ordinary butchers' hides are selling at from 18s. to 23s. each. Shipments are assuming larger proportions, several having been made during the month. Tallow.—Large quantities continue to come forward, and buyers operate freely at late rates, notwithstanding the slight decline that has taken place in London prices. We have sold several large parcels of good mutton at £36 2s. 6d. per ton. We quote beef from £33 to £34 10s. per ton and mutton from £35 to £36 5s per ton. The clear- ances during the month are as follow, viz :—1870, March 29, Lady Jocelyn, 557 casks ; April 2, Orwell, 887 casks ; True Briton, 574 casks ; Loch Tay, 1,065 casks. Skins have been selling better than for some time past, and we notice great competition at our almost daily sales. The month's skins are worth from 1s. 9d. to 3s. 6d. each, and dry skins from 3½d to 6d. per lb. Kangaroo skins we have no inquiry for." THE LONDON AND AUSTRALIAN AGENCY CORPORATION (Limited) furnish the following monthly report for transmission per Geelong:—" Wool.—Since our last report, per Malta on the 29th of last month, 642 bales have been offered at three public auctions, consisting of small odd lots, being only the pickings up of the season, but which, however, realised satisfactory prices, and commanded spirited competition. Greasy sold from 4½d. to 8¾d ; scoured, 7d. to 15d. ; fleece, 9d. to 14½d. One small lot of well scoured superior lambs sold at 23. Our quotations are as follow :— Greasy—Inferior, 4d. to 5½d. ; medium, 6d. to 7d. ; good, 7½d. to 9d. Slipe—Inferior, 5d. to 6½d. ; medium, 7d. to. 8½d. ; good, 9d. to 11d. Scoured—Inferior, 9d. to 10d.; medium, 10½d. to 12½d.; good, 13d. to 16½d ; superior, 17d. to 21d. Fleece—Inferior, 9d. to 10d.; medium, 10½d. to 12d.; good, 12½d. to 16½d.; superior, 17d. to 20d. The ad- vices to hand by last incoming mail, the Avoca, which arrived on the 13th inst, were not fully equal to the sanguine expectations entertained, as, being the small sale of the season, beteor prices and a good standard advance was anticipated. We are glad to report the long drought having broken up and a copious fall of rain, which has very much altered the prospects of the forthcoming season for the better, having given a plentiful supply of feed and water for stock. The shipments of the month amount to 7,096 bales. The following shlps have cleared since our last:— March 25, George Thompson, 1,868 bales; March 29, Lady Jocelyn, 2,433 bales: April 2, Orwell, 1,170 bales ; True Briton, 876 bales ; April 14, Loch Tay, 743 bales—total, 7,096 bales ; add previous shipments 182,100 bales—total, 189,196 bales. The weekly ship- ments have been as follow :—For the week ending March 26,444,724lb., £25,297; April 2,954,923lb., £63,130 ; April 9, 34,1841b., £1,581 ; April 10, 187,208lb., £9,678 —total, 1,621,039lb., £99,686. Add previous ship- ments from September 11, 1869, to March 19, 1870, 44,643,197lb., £2,548,977—total, 46,264,236lb., £2,648,663. Tallow.—In the latter end of last month and commencement of the present month prices were rather unsteady at declining rates, but since that time there has been more demand at better prices. We quote—mixed, £32 to £35 10s. per ton ; good mutton, £35 10s to £36 10s. The shipments of the month amount to 3,442 casks. Hides.—These have also been rather unsteady, but are at present in fair demand at from 3½d. to 4d. per lb. Sheepskins.— These continue to command a spirited competition, fully supporting former rates of 3d. to 5¾d. per lb. Messrs. HASTINGS CUNINGHAM and Co.'s monthly re- port (season 1869-70):—" Wool.—There is little to report since the last mail left. A few small sales by auction have been held, at which the chief part of the lots offered were of inferior quality and condition ; however, there was good competition, and satisfactory prices were obtained. The advices of the prospects of the London market, at the opening of the February sales, have given general satisfaction here, and we hope that the prices may be fully maintained at the next series. We are glad to report that rain, which has been so anxiously looked for of late, has fallen throughout the colony, doing much good, and making the appearances for the lambing season (com- mencing next month) look very favourable. The rates ruling are much the same as last month's. Greasy fetched from 6d. to 9d. per lb. ; scoured, 10d. to 16¼d. A superior sample of lambs fetched 19½d. per lb., and fleece from 12d. to 15d. per lb. The ship- ments since last report are as follow:—From Hob- son's Bay—Lady Jocelyn, 2,434 bales, cleared 29th March ; True Briton, 881 bales, cleared 2nd April ; Orwell, 1,171 bales, do. do.; Loch Tay, 746 bales, cleared 14th April. Total, 6,232 bales. Previous shipments, 187,229 bales. Total shipments from October 1, 1869, to April 14, 1870, 192,461 bales. Corresponding period 1868-69, 204,087 bales; do. 1867-68, 102,300 bales; do. 1866-67, 157,452 bales. Probable quantities to be taken by the following ships :—Somersetshire 1,100, Swiftsure 900, Dover Castle 1,000, Norfolk 1,000 bales. Sheepskins.—We have been holding large sales, and last month's rates have been ruling. Butchers' skins, shorn this season, have brought up to 3s. 9d. each, lambskins from 12d. to 21d. each, and dry station skins from 3d. to 6½d. per lb. Hides.—The market remains about the same as last month, any difference in quotations being in favour of the buyer. We have sold heavy weights at from 18s. to 24s. each or from 3½d. to 4d. per Ib., and calfskins at from 3½d. to 4½d. per lb. The Loch Tay takes shipments amount- ing to 2,465 hides. Tallows.—We have sold large quantities during the month, and have lately observed an improvement in prices. Freights, being reduced, have allowed shippers to operate more freely, and the above mentioned ships take 3,441 casks 6 tanks, and sundry packages, for the London market. Kangaroo- skins.—No business has been done since last report. The supply is limited, and we have very few in- quiries. Quotations are from 1s. 6d. to 20s. per dozen, according to size." MELBOURNE MARKETS. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20. THE MILLS. Business continues depressed, and flour may now be quoted at £12 for small parcels. In meal, barley, bran, and pollard, there is no change to note. Quotations are as follow:—Flour, £12; bran, 1d. 2d.; pollard, 1s. 4d. to 1s. 6d. ; meal, £21 ; pearl barley, £25. RETAIL MARKETS. Poultry is slightly easier, and butter may also be quoted at a shade less than on Saturday. Eggs, how- ever, maintain quotations, and butchers' meat rules steady at the quotations given below. The current rates are :— Beef, 3d. to 6d. per lb. ; mutton, 1½d. to 4d. per lb. ; veal, 6d. per lb. ; pork, 8d. per lb. Poultry.—Fowls, 4s. 6d. to 5s. 6d. per pair ; geese, 9s. to 10s. do. ; ducks, 5s. to 6s. do. ; turkeys, 10s. to 18s. do. ; cheese, 8d. to 1s. 4d. per lb. ; eggs, 1s. 8d. to 2s. 3d. per dozen; butter, 1s. 8d. to 2s. 1d. per lb. ; bread, 6d. per 4lb. loaf; milk, 6d. per quart; hams, 1s. to 1s. 4d. per lb. ; bacon, 10d. to 1s. 2d. per lb. HAY MARKET. The holidays and the wet weather combined have kept back supplies, and much of the hay brought forward has been more or less damaged by the damp. Busi- ness is rather dull, the following quotations continuing to rule :— Hay, from £3 5s. to £4 5s. ; straw, from £2 5s. to £2 10s." EASTERN MARKET. There was a very fair supply of vegetable pro- duce this morning, and as the demand was not very lively prices were easier. Butter was slightly easier, but eggs maintained late quotations. In poultry, turkeys were very cheap, as low as 8s. having been accepted. The following were the ruling rates :—Vegetables.—Jerusalem artichokes, 2d. per lb. ; basil, 9d. to 1s. per dozen bunches ; beans, kidney, 1½d. to 2½d. per Ib.; beet. 9d. to 1s. per dozen ; bouquets, 4s. to 8s. per dozen; cabbages, 1s. to 3s. per dozen; carrots, 9d. to 1s. per dozen bunches ; cauliflowers, 1s. to 4s. per dozen ; celery, 2s. to 4s. per dozen ; cress, water, 9d. per dozen bunches; cucumbers, prickly, 3d. to 6d. per dozen ; do., long spine, 9d. to 1s. per dozen ; garlic, 4d. per lb. ; horse- radish, 3s. to 9s. per dozen bunches ; lavender, 1s. per dozen bunches ; leek, 6d. to 9d. per dozen bunches, lettuce, 6d. to 1s. 6d. per dozen; marjoram, 9d. per dozen bunches; mint, 6d. per dozen bunches; onions, dried, 7s. to 8s. per cwt. ; do., green, 6d. to 9d. per dozen bunches ; parsley, 9d. to 1s. per dozen bunches ; parsnips, 9d. to 1s. 3d. per dozen bunches ; peas, 3d. to 3½d. per lb. ; potatoes, 3s. 6d. to 4s. per cwt, kidney do. 5s. to 6s. per cwt; pumpkins, 2s. to 4s. per dozen ; radishes, 6d. to 8d. per dozen bunches; rhubarb, 1s. to 2s. per dozen bunches ; sage, 9d. per dozen bunches ; shallots, 4d. per lb. ; spinach, 1½d. per lb. ; thyme, 8d. to 9d. per dozen bunches ; turnips, 6d. to 1s. 6. per dozen bunches ; tomatoes, ¾d. to 1d. per lb. ; veget- able marrows, 1s. to 3s. per dozen. Fruits.—Apples, 3d. per lb. ; figs, 2d. to 4d. per lb. ; grapes, 2d. to 4d. per lb.; melons, water, 2s. to 4s. per dozen; do., rock, 1s. 6d. to 4s. per dozen; do., pre- serving, 3d. to 6d. each ; pears, 2d. to 3d. per lb. ; quinces, 1½d. to 2d. per lb. Dairy Produce.— Butter, 1s. 6d. to 1s. 10d. per Ib. ; cheese, 10d. per lb.; ducks, 4s. 6d. to 5s. per pair; eggs, 1s 8d. to 2s. per dozen ; geese, 8s. to 10s. per pair ; hens, 3s. 6d. to 4s. 6d. per pair; honey, 9d. per lb. ; pigeons, 2s. to 3s. per pair; pork, 6d. to 7d. per lb. ; rabbits, 2s. to 4s. per lb. ; turkeys, 8s. to 15s. per pair ; hams, 1s. to 1s. 2d. per lb.; bacon, 10d. to 1s. per lb. LIVE STOCK. FRIDAY, APRIL 22. Messrs. DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and Co. report : — "Fat Cattle.—During the past four weeks the supply has been more moderate, 4,185 head having passed through the yards, and a decided improvement has taken place, best beef making 25s. per 100lb., whilst in some instances prime pens brought as high as 27s. 6d., which prices, we think, will be maintained for some time, now that Lent is over and the weather cooler. Our sales this week have been 120 bullocks for Messrs. Campbell Brothers, Traralgon-park, at from £7 to £11 5s., averaging £8 7s. ; and 40 bullocks for Mr. Wil- liam Thomson, Airly, at from £8 10s. to £9 15s., averaging £9 4s. 3d. Fat Sheep.—In this market an advance in prices has also been estab- lished, although the supplies to hand have been heavy, viz., 94,989 in four weeks, the greater portion of which, however, were only indifferent quality, and were partly taken up for grazing purposes. We quote good to prime wethers, medium weights, at from 9s. to 10s. 6d. ; middling do., 7s. to 8s. ; good to prime ewes, 7s. 6d. to 8s. And we have this week sold 2,990 ewes and wethers for Messrs. M'Gaw, M'Kinnon and Co., Burrabogie, at from 7s. 6d. to 9s.; 500 do. for Mr. J. Morris, Yan Yean, at from 6s. to 8s. ; 500 prime wethers, medium weights, for Mr. F. Tozer, Warr- nambool, at 10s. 6d.; and 795 ewes and wethers from the westward, at from 8s. to 9s. 6d. Store Stock.— Inquiries for good sound wethers of suitable ages are more numerous, and all of this description are selling readily at full rates. We sold 6,000 four and six tooth sheep, bred by the Hon. John O'Shanassy, at 6s., terms equal to cash—the top prico of the season. The demand is not so brisk for cattle, especially for young stock under three years old, which are dull of sale at a reduction on late quotations." SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mr. S. DE BEER reports as follows :—" The period which has intervened since date of my last advices of 28th ult. per Malta, although not unanticipated, has been one of considerable dulness in freights generally, but more especially in those for England, the wool season having then virtually ended, and consequently the number of ships despatched for London has been small, embracing only four, viz., the Lady Jocelyn, True Briton, Orwell, aud Loch Tay, all of which how- ever secured full cargoes of produce, the deficiency in wool being fairly compensated by the large quan- tities of preserved meats which have beon avail- able, while leather and tallow have also been comparatively plentiful. The number of pas- sengers secured by the above ships has also been upon a fair scale but latterly the demand for passage has somewhat slackened, and the quantity of gold shipped has been considerably under the average. The only ships now on the berth for London are the Somersetshire, s.s., Dover Castle, Norfolk, and Loch Earn; but although they cannot possibly obtain much wool, no doubt they will be filled up with other produce at quite as good rates. Rates of freight for wool have ruled nominally the same as quoted in my last report—viz., 3/8d. per lb. for scoured, and ¼d. for greasy ; other produce—viz., tallow, leather, and bark, 30s. per ton of 20cwt.; preserved meats at same rato per ton of 40 cubic feet. The wool season being now past, as already stated, the usual several months of dulness which always intervene must be submitted to, but it is pleasing to reflect that the large additions now permanently made to the quantity of freight formerly available, by the extensive operations of our various meat- preserving companies, will render it much less diffi- cult than in former years to fill up a reasonable amount of tonnage during our winter season ; and it is also gratifying to be able to add that the success which has attended the early-formed pre- serving companies has enabled them to increase their manufacture considerably, and induced the formation of similar new associations in various districts of the colony far removed from Melbourne ; but, thanks to our railway and coasting steam communication, their produce will all be forwarded to Melbourne for ship- ment at a moderate cost, and consequently there can be little doubt but that our next season's exports to England will involve for their conveyance a consider- able amount of tonnage in excess of that hitherto re- quired. For a considerable time past a pretty large trade has been dono in the shipment of horses to several of the Indian ports, especially to Calcutta—and much to the advantage of ships proceeding thence—but this traffic, in the meantime, appears to have been some- what overdone, as no demand for tonnage has of late been exhibited, and therefore no engagements fall to be noted on the present occasion, but no doubt a re- vival in this branch of business will again soon take place. However, in connexion with this trade a large ship is now wanted to proceed to Bombay with horses and railway sleepers at a fair rate, but the low rates of freight ruling there deter shipmasters from accept- ing this employment. The general chartering busi- ness of the month may be characterised as having been dull and limited, the following being the operations reported : — The Whirlwind, with Chi- nese passengers to Hong Kong, at £4 per head, the ship, as usual, finding wood and water ; the Norwegian ship Guldfaxe, 618 tons register, to load guano at Malden Island, for Melbourne, at the lump sum of £1,000, with a guarantee to the char- terer to land 800 tons, being at the rate of only 25s. per ton; the Stanley, colonial schoonor, 115 tons register, to Colombo, with bonedust, and back to this port with coffee, &c.;, on terms which have not tran- spired. The Feronia proceeds to Manila and back to Sydney, getting 14s. for coals, loading the same at Newcastle, and for the return passage £2 and £4 per ton of 20cwt for sugar and hemp respectively. Only a limited business has been effected in coal freights from Newcastle, the engagements reported during the month comprising:—Dutch barque Nep- tunas, and Swedish barque Asta, at 15s , for a port in Java ; Cornelius Gips, Dutch barque, Sydney to Java 11s. ; British ship Carlisle, 26s. to San Francisco ; British barque Larnax to Java at 15s., thence to a port in the United Kingdom with general merchan- dise at 60s., with 10s. additional if discharged at a port on the Continent between Havre and Hamburgh ; Swedish ship Argo, coals to Java at 15s., and general merchandise at 60s. per ton to Europe, open charter ; the British barque Louisa, 244 tons, proceeds to Perth (Western Australia) to load a cargo of sandalwood at 45s. per ton if delivered at Hong Kong, and 65s. if at Shanghai. No transactions have occurred for coals to any of the ports in China, rates remaining nominal at 16s. for Hong Kong, and 23s. for Shanghai, at which figures a fair amount of tonnage could be placed. Several ships are wanted for Calcutta for conveyance of teo above staple, for which 20s. is freely offering. The colonial owned barque Springbok, Cap- tain Harrison, having given great satisfaction on her former voyages to the Fiji Islands, has been again taken up for the conveyance of passengers, mer- chandise, and live stock for the same destination, on terms which have not transpired." Messrs. ALFRED WOOLLEY and Co. report:—"Since the departure of last mail a considerable amount of tonnage has come into port, and with the disengaged ships a fair amount of business has been done, the transactions being greatly in excess of last month's. Freights, although showing no decided improvement, are, if anything, more firm ; but nevertheless rates are still low in comparison with those paid in former years. A good many orders yet remain unfulfilled, and at our quotations suitable ships can readily be placed. For London the following vessels have been de- spatched, with cargoes of general produce and pas- sengers, viz., the Lady Jocelyn, Orwell, True Briton, and Loch Tay, and the Swiltsure will clear out to-day, leaving berth occupied by the s.s. Somersetshire (ap- pointed to sail on the 26th inst.), Strathdon, Dover Castle, Norfolk, and Loch Earn. During the month more tonnage has been on the berth than the require- ments of the market justified, which, added to an extremo paucity of cargo, has had the natural effect of maintaining the depression in rates of freight reported in our last month's circular, and which, we fear, is more than likely to continue for some months to come. The passenger trade is marked by increased dulness, the number of persons circulating being below the average at this season of the year. The charters effected were as follow :—For Shanghai, the Anglo-Saxon, 693, at 24s. ; and for San Francisco, the Carlisle, 1,120, at 26s., both with coal from Newcastle ; for Java, with coal, the Cornelius Gipps, 557, 11s., from Sydney; the Larnax, 380, at 16s., and Argo, at 16s., from Newcastle. The Larnax is also fixed from thence to Copen- hagen at 70s. ; and the Argo, at 60s. to the United Kingdom, or 70s. if ordered to the Continent. For Manila, the Feronia (329) proceeds, via Newcastle, under engagement to load back sugar and hemp to Melbourne. For Maldon Island, the Guldfaxe, 613, has been taken up for the lump sum of £1,000 to bring back a cargo of guano to Melbourne ; and the Louisa proceeds to Fremantle, W.A., under charter to load sandalwood for Hong Kong at 45s. or Shanghai at 65s. per ton weight. The Whirlwind, 868, returns direct to Hong Kong with a cargo of Chinese passengers at current rates, nominally £4 per head. For Calcutta negotiations are pending with two ships for the conveyance of coal and coppor thither. For Bombay a ship is wanted to load here; and for Colombo there is a considerable quantity of bonedust offering. We note the departure of the Isabella Brown, with 300 tons coal for China; the Clara Sayers, for Bankok; the Adele, for San Francisco (two latter via New- castle); and the Stanley, with 1,540 bags bonedust for Colombo, where she is to load again for Melbourne. Freight Quotations.—For London, tallow and ground bark, 30s. per ton weight; oil, in butts, 60s. per ton; leather and skins, 40s. per ton weight ; preserved meat and measurement goods, 30s. per ton (all with 5 per cent primage). For Colombo, 20s. per ton. From Manila to Melbourne, 45s. per ton sugar ; and from Newcastle, with coal for Shanghai, 22s ; Hong Kong, 16s. ; San Francisco, 26s. ; Java, 14s. ; Bom- bay, 22s. ; Calcutta, 18s." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; Hn., Hanoverian; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G., North German, S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian ; Belg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; R., Russian ; s., ship ; b., barque ; br., brig ; sc., schooner ; s.s., steamer.] March ARRIVED. 28\. Cornelius Gips, D. b., 550, A. Romiju, Rotterdam. —Bligh and Harbottle. 28\. Malta, S. s., 824, C. Berg, Soderham.—O. Tondeur and Co. 29\. Strathdon, B. s., 1,010, Robert Jamieson, London. —Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 29\. St. Magnus, B. b., 290, J. W. Easterbrook, Penang. —Captain Easterbrook. 30\. Somersetshire, B. s.s. 2,342, J. S. Atwood, Lon- don.— W. P. White and Co. 30\. Larnax, B. b., 380. J. Underson, Mauritius.—Vic- toria Sugar Company. 30\. Sarah, B. br., 233, J. Catto, Mauritius.—Joshua Brothers. 31\. Eva Joshua, B. b. 286, T. H. Robson, Mauritius— Joshua Brothers. 31\. St Kilda, B. s., 189, J. H. Gill, Mauritius.—Spence Brothers and Co. 31\. Cecilia, N. s., 442, Alfred Dannberg,Frederickstadt. —W. J. Greig and Co. 31\. Isabella Brown, B. s., 359, A. F. B. Brown, Cal- cutta.— F. W. Prell and Co. 31\. Loch Earn, B. s., 1,200, William Robertson, Glasgow.—Alex. Macfarlan and Co. April. 6\. G. H. Peake, B, br., 271, J. Grime, Hong Kong.— Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 9\. Cleopatra, B. sc, 200, Peter Jansen, Takan (For- mosa).—Graham Brothers. 11\. Rattler, A. s., 909, Benj. Franklin Marsh, New York.—R. Towns and Co. 11\. M'Gilvery, A. b., 591, Jas. Nickels, Boston.— Osborn, Cushing, and Co. 11\. Humberstone, B. b., 322, John Smith, Bordeaux, via Rochefort.—Curcier and Adet. 11\. Marmion, A. s., 823, Wm. Boyd, Victoria, Van- couver's Island.—Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 11\. Peru, N. s., 600, J. Alford Agren, Gefle.—O. Ton deur and Co. 11\. Augusta, S. b., 433, F. Lundberg, Gefle.—Wilkie, Welch, and Co. 11\. Karnak, F. b., 383, A. Brindeau, Calcutta.—F. W. Prell and Co. 11\. Admiral, N. b., 593, B. A. Muller, Christiana.— Anderson and Marshall. 12\. Alma, B. b., 163, S. Finlay, Mauritius.—Spence Brothers and Co. 12\. Gefle, N. b., 342, E. T. Ahrman, Gefle.—O. Ton- deur and Co. 13\. Avoca, R.M.S.S., 1,481, A. B. Farquhar, Galle.— F. B. Kendall. 15\. Bolton Abbey, B. s , 1,195, J. W. Hackett, London. —W. Crosby and Co. 16\. Maud Helen, A. b., 659, J. A. Thomas, Burrard's Inlet and San Francisco.—Bright Brothers and Co. 10\. Tornado, B. s , 1,720, P. Underwood, London.— Geo. Martin and Co. 10\. Montrose B. a., 995, Peter M'Intyre, Liverpool Bright Brothers and Co. 16\. Dover Castle. B. s., 1,002, Arthur C. Tucker, Lon- don.—J. H. White and Co. 16\. Coryphæus, B. b., 295, D. M'Arthur, Foo-chow.— Dalgety, Backwood, and Co. 16\. Sea Belle, B. b., 307, William Taylor, Mauritius.— W. Crosby and Co. 18\. Glendower, B. b., 485, R. Rickabage, Mauritius.— Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 19\. Chasca, A. b., 628, H. M. Crockett, New York — Lord and Co. 19\. Maria Elizabeth, D. b., 280, G. V. H. Gevie, Foo- chow-foo.—James Henty and Co. 10\. Adriatic, B. b., 302, Thomas Cappon, Reunion.— Lauratet, Le Roy, and Co. 19\. Pearl, A. b., 533, F. H. Harding, Boston.—Newell and Co. 21\. Star of China, B. s., 794, A. Holmes, London.— Alex. Macfarlan and Co. CLEARED OUT. March. 28\. Day Spring, Missionary sc., 115. W. A. Fraser, New Hebrides.—Rev. D. Macdonald. 29\. Malta, R M.S.S., 940, N. J. Skottowe, Galle.—F. R. Kendall. 29\. Lady Jocelyn, B. s., 2,138, George Jenkins, London, Bright Brothers and Co. 31\. Clara Sayers, B br., 293, Geo. Middleton, Bankok, via Newcastle.—Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. April. 1\. Ida, B. s., 1,010, Jas. Perkins, Rangoon —O. Ton- deur and Co. 2\. Orwell, B. s., 1,109, W. H. Mutter, London.—J. H. White and C. 2\. True Briton, B s., 1,046, G. H. Bawn, London.— W. P. White and Co. 4\. Adele, A. b., 387, John Ingerson Friend, San Francisco, via Newcastle.—W. J. Greig and Co. 4\. Tasmanian, B. s., 1,136, Geo. Willis, Callao.— Dickson, Williams, and Co. 6\. Anglo-Saxon. B. s., 694, Alex. Davidson, Petro- pauloski.—Virgoe, Son, and Co. 6\. Ole Moller, N. b., 552, E. Fremlng, Callao.—Alex. Macfarlan and Co. 7\. Sarah, B. br., 233, John Callo, Mauritius.—Joshua Brothers. 8\. Charlotte, S. b., 507, F. L. Hakansson, Callao.— Joshua Brothers. 9\. Isabella Brown, B. s., 359, A. E. B. Brown, Guam. —F. W. Prell and Co. 9\. Eva Joshua, B. b., 287, Thos. H. Robson, Mauri- tius.—Joshua Brothers and Co. 9\. Stanley. B. sc., 115, John Griffith, Colombo.— John Gibson. 14\. Loch Tay, B. s., 1,191, A. Scott, London.—Alex. Macfarlan and Co. 14\. Glarus, S. b., 425, Saran Bang, London, via Port- land and Lacipede Bay.—Alex. Macfarlan and Co. 21\. Malta, S. s., 824, C. Berg, Callao.—O. Tondeur and Co. 22\. Guldfax, N. s., 602, A. Larsen, Maldon Island.— Captain Larsen. 22\. Carlsile, B. b., 1,120, J. W. Eden, San Francisco, via Newcastle.—Dickson, Williams, and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. MARCH 28. Dayspring, for Now Hebrides.—11 barrels 23 bags flour. 21 packages oilmen's stores and provisions, 17 packages missionary stores, 2 packages sundries. MARCH 29. Malta, s.s., for Galle.—1 parcel samples wool, 1 box documents, 71 packages potatoes, 1 truss newspapers, 2 trunks boots, 1 parcel samples, 1 package glass, 180 bags flour, 1 box seeds, 12 cases apples, 1 case furs, 4 packages parcels, 1 package photographs, 2 casks currants, 28 packages oilmen's stores. Lady Jocelyn, for London.—2,433 bales 1 sack wool, 6,896 bags copper ore, 2,752 bags bark, 5 cases kamptu- licon, 2 cases fancy goods, 20 hhds. 3 cases wine, 11 bales basils 6 bales glue pieces 86 casks preserved meats, 557 casks tallow, 83 bales leather. APRIL 2. True Briton, for London.—876 bales wool, 94 bales leather, 2,000 cases preserved meats, 595 casks tallow, 2,056 bags copper ore, 84 casks black sand, 1,197 bags antimony ore, 15 packages effects, 11 packages boots 2 packages indiarubber, 3 packages plants, 2 packages hair nets 7 packages sundries. Orwell, for London.—1,176 bales wool, 1,484 cakes copper ore, 200 hhds. treacle, 1,032 bags bark, 911 in- gots spelter, 1,427 cases 27 casks preserved meats, 13 bales skins, 85 bales leather, 887 casks 6 cases 2 tanks tallow, 3 bales basils. APRIL 7. Sarah, for Mauritius.—2 empty tanks, 10 tons pota- toes, 1 racehorse. APRIL 9. Eva Joshua, for Mauritius.—2 tanks, 3 racehorses. Stanley, for Colombo.—1,510 bags bonedust. Isabella Brown, for Guam.—300 tons coal, 100 bags flour. APRlL 14. Loch Tay, for London.—743 bales 1 bag wool. 1,065 casks tallow, 81 bales scrolls, 38 bales basils, 336 bales sheepskins, 119 casks 644 cases preserved meats, 428 bales bark, 2,465 hides, 9 cases wine, 4 packages sun- dries, 4 casks roans, 6 cases native oils, 129 bales leather, 660 ingots spelter, 138 bales rags, 45 bales bagging, 117 bags antimony, 23,725 horns, 6 tons 12cwt bones, 20 bales pelts, 1 case jewellery. APRIL 22. Guldfax, for Malden Island.—3 tons biscuits, 2 tons flour, 3 tierces beef, 80 tons coal, 300 packages pre- served meats, 4,000 railway sleepers. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. FRIDAY, APRIL 22. Amount of Loan. Debentures. Closing Prices. £ 1000000 Vict. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 6 per cent. 107½-108½ 300000 Vict Government (local), 5 per cent. 100-101 100000 Melbourne Corporation, 6 per cent. 106-107 10000 Ballarat Water, 8 per cent... .. — — Ballarat Municipal, 6 per cent. .. — — Collingwood Gas, 6 per cent. .. — 50000 Melbourne Gas, 7 per cent. .. .. — 30300 Melb. & H. E. United, 8 per cent. — 135400 Do., 7 per cent. .. .. .. — 153300 Do., 6 per cent. .. .. .. — 100000 Do., 5 per cent. .. .. .. 92-94 20000 Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cent. .. — 0000 Otago Provincial Gov., 8 per cent. — Capital Paid-up. Shares. Paid-up. PUBLIC COMPANIES. Last div. per cent. per annum. Closing Prices. £ £ £ BANKS. £ 56000 10 5½ Bal. Bankg. (limit) 10 7¾- 8 1/8 10 1 Do., new issue .. — 437500 10 7 Colonial of Austral. 8 144-146s. 220000 10 5½ Commercial of Australia (limited) .. 6 94s-97½s. 100900 10 2 Melb. Bank. Corporation (limited) .. 6 — 660000 5 4 National of Austral. 12½ 118-121s. 5 1000000 20 20 New South Wales .. 15 38-39 500000 50 25 Victoria (Mel. reg.) 10 37-37½ Do. (London reg.) 50000 10 2 Land Mortgage .. 10 47-48s. GAS COMPANIES. 30000 10 7 Ballarat .. .. 12 11-12 24908 5 5 Bendigo .. .. 5 3¾-4 14990 5 5 Castlemaine .. 6 2 7/8-3 1/8 66000 5 5 Collingw'd & Fitzroy 12 7 7/8-81/8 2980 10 0 Daylesford (limited) 12½ — 24430 5 4 Geelong .. .. 8 4¾-5¼ 210000 5 5 8 5½-6 5 5 Melbourne 8 11¾-12 10 10 INSURANCE. 125000 5 2½ Austral. Fire & Mar. 10 7s-8s. 25000 5 ½ Australasian Life .. — 16½s-18s 40000 5 1 Australian Alliance. 10 25s-26s. 16250 — ¼ National Fire Insur. — 4¼s.-4¾s. 100000 5 1 Southern Insurance 10 21s.-22½s. 40000 50 1 Victoria Life & Gen. 10 53s.-55½s. 00000 50 25 Victoria Fire & Mar. 8 25-30. MISCELLANEOUS. 25000 1 1 Australian Dia- — — 25000 1 ¼ mond Mines .. — 58370 5 5 Bendigo Waterwork 5 35s.-38s. 17875 10 6 Gipps Lnd. Steam N. 5 1½-1 7/8 3000 5 5 Hob Bay R. Sea Bath 6 — 37500 10 7½ Maritime & General Credit Co. (Limit.) 10 — 38460 — 5 Melb. Meat Presrvg. 5 5¼ — — — Mudgee Gold and Diamond — — 12333 50 50 Melbourne Exch'nge 6 — 50000 5 5 Ovens Waterworks. — — 12000 1 1 Studley Park Bridge 6 — 7000 20 20 Victorian Ice .. 12½ — 32840 20 20 Warrenhelp Distily. 10 — RAILWAYS. 534700 50 50 Melb. & Hob. Bay Ud. 7 53-54 MINES. Shares Issued. Limit. DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. Closing Prices. £ £ 1000 — Alma Consols, Maryborough. — 22500 20 Band of Hope and Albion Consols, Ballarat .. 13s-15½s. 3360 25 Bonshaw, Ballarat .. .. 158-151 3000 10 Break-o'Day, Rokewood .. 3¼-2¼ 4000 20 Buninyong, Buninyong .. — 3200 5 Buninyong New, Buninyong — 2000 10 Great Northern Junction, 10 Ballarat .. .. .. 8¾-9 2100 — Galatea, Scarsdale .. .. — 2000 — Golden Stream .. .. — 2500 10 Golden Horn, Springdallah .. — 4400 — Golden Lake, Scarsdale .. — — — Grand Trunk, Creswick .. 12-16 1600 20 Grand Trunk, Happy Valley 35-50 4000 5 Great Gulf, Ballarat .. 1-1¼ R 4000 5 Do., new issue .. 7000 5 Kneebone, El Doradeo .. 3¼-3½ 3200 25 Koh-i-noor, Ballarat .. .. 5 3/8 - 6 2560 20 Leviathan, Ballarat .. .. 11¼-11¾ 2560 5 605 12 Lower Huntly Deep Lead .. — 456 20 Magnum Bonum, Maryboro-. 13-14 12800 2 Park, Ballarat .. .. .. 4¼-4 3/8 8343 25 Prince of Wales, Ballarat . 2 1/8 - 2¼ 6000 — St. George and Band of Hope 2 1/8 - 2¼ 2500 8 Sadowa, Talbot .. .. — 4032 15 Scottish & Cornish, Ballarat. — 6448 5 United Albion and Prince of Wales, Ballarat .. .. 1 1/8 - 1 3/8 4800 18¾ United Working Miners', Bal. — 8500 5 Wellington, El Dorado .. 25s.-27s. NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 3500 7 Albion Consols, Ballarat .. 10s.-12½s. 10600 8 All Saints', Ballarat .. .. 2s.-3s. — — Ballarat & Bendigo, Huntly . 89-90 2500 8 Durham, Ballarat .. .. — 1000 8 Do., preferent .. .. 4-5 1000 — Do., new .. .. .. — 4000 5 Emperor, Ballarat .. .. 15s-20s. 3500 5 Great Extended, Eldorado .. — 4500 5 Do., Contributing .. .. — 5000 20 Great North-West, Ballarat .. — 5000 10 Do., new .. .. .. — 7000 5 Inkermann and Durham, Bal. 18s.-21s. 8000 2½ Lady Sutton, Chiltern .. — 4000 1 New Avoca, Avoca .. .. — 3000 5 Nightingale, Ballarat .. 12½s.-16s. 7000 2 North Park, Ballarat .. 3s.-4s. 4400 5 Prince Imperial .. .. 1-1¼ 3000 3 South Nightingale .. .. — 3000 2 Speculator, Ballarat .. .. — 6400 30 United Hand- in-Hand and 12800 10 Band of Hope, Ballarat 4 5/8-4¾ 1000 5 United Ovens Gold and Tin, Eldorado .. .. .. 4-4¼ 3000 5 Do., Contributing .. .. 3¼-3¾ 2500 10 United Suburban, Ballarat .. 2-3 7083 — Winter's Freehold, Ballarat .. 3¾-4 DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 22500 ½ Alliance, Bendigo .. .. 6s.-10s. 80 — Advance, Bendigo .. .. — 10000 1 Agamemnon, Bendigo .. 2½s -5s. 10000 1 Ajax, Alexandra .. .. — 2400 5 Albert Company, Alexandra — 10000 1 Ajax, Castlemaine .. .. 5s.-10s. 2200 10 Albion, Steiglitz .. .. 14-16 30000 1 Alabama, M'lvor .. .. — 1600 15 All Nations, Matlock .. .. 4-6 20000 1 Argus, Bendigo .. .. 14½s.-15½s. 3540 10 A1 Castle Reef, Wood's Pt... 13½s.-15½s. 2480 15 Black-hill, Ballarat .. .. — 2500 2 Black Horse, Egerton .. 7-9 65600 1 Catherine Roof United Claim- holders, Bendigo .. .. 6s.-7s. 1980 1 Clunes, Clunes .. .. 7½-8 1200 17½ } Clunes United, Clunes .. — 32000 1¼ Comet, Bendigo .. .. 4¼s.-4¾s. 2000 Costerfield, Heathcote .. — 12000 1 1/8 Derby, Maldon .. .. — 19954 1 Eaglehawk Asso., Maldon .. 2s.-4s. 1716 1 Do. Preference, Maldon .. — 15944 1 Do. Union, Maldon .. .. — 14000 1¼ Ellesmere, Bendigo .. .. — 24000 1 Energetic, Bendigo .. .. — 12095 1 Grand Junction, Maldon 2s.-4s. 6940 1 23100 ½ Great Britain, Bendigo .. — 28000 1 Gt. Extended Hustler's, Ben. 22½s.-23½s. 28000 1 Hercules, Bendigo .. .. 8¼s.-8¾s. 4860 2 Homeward Bound, Alexandra 10s.-15s. 12000 1 Hope, Wood's Point .. .. 18s.-20s. 1200 — Hunt's, Wood's Point .. — 20876 26s. Hustler's Reef, Bendigo .. 6s.-8s. 19573 2¾ Johnson's Reef, Bendigo .. 9½s.-11s. 16060 1 Lady Barkly, Bendigo .. — 2000 — Leviathan, Black Biter .. — 10000 1 Linscott's Reef, Maldon . — 1800 10 Longfellow, Stringer's .. 35s.-45s. 2400 5 Long Tunnel, Stringer's .. 105-110 2000 10 Malakoff, Steiglitz .. .. — 520 10 Nelson, Maldon .. .. — 2056 20 New North Clunes .. .. 120-125 20000 ½ Nil Desperandum, Raywood.. b 2400 5 North Gipps Land, Stringer's 12-14 23875 1 North Hustler's Reef, Bendigo 12½s.-13½s. 15000 — N. Specimen Hill, Bendigo.. — 22000 1 North Johnson's, Bendigo .. 12s.-13s. 1680 — Prince of Wales, Matlock .. — 3000 6 Red Jacket, Bright .. .. 1¾-2 1600 7½ Royal Standard, Black River. — 20000 — Sparrowhawk, Bendigo .. — 2400 5 Speculation, Maldon .. .. — 7000 1 South Ajax, Castlemaine .. — 22500 1 St. Mungo, Bendigo .. .. 6s.-6¾s 1088 10 Specimen-hill, Daylesford .. — 2000 10 Steiglitz .. .. .. — 250 — Sultan, Blackwood .. .. — 4400 10 United Happy Valley, Buck- land .. .. .. .. 11-11½ 30000 1 Victory, Bendigo .. .. — 960 40 Victoria, Clunes .. .. 10-12 600 25 Walhalla, Stringer's Creek .. 126-135 4800 — Wallaby, Growler's Creek .. 10s.-15s. 20000 1 Young Chum, Bendigo .. — NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 6000 1 Alexandra Mining & Crushing — 3000 3 Ben Lomond, Stuartmill .. — 20000 1 Burn's Reef, Forest Creek .. 1s.-1½s. 6000 5 Clines, Great Northern .. 3s.-5s. 24000 1 Eagle, Bendigo .. .. — 2000 5 Empress, Stringer's .. .. 22-23½. 1600 — Energetic, Lauriston .. .. — 1920 3 Eureka, Stringer's Creek .. 5s-7½s. 3000 3 Flying Scud .. .. .. — — — Golden Age, Bendigo .. — 4000 5 Golden Point, Clunes .. — 4000 5 Great Wheal, Clunes .. — 4800 — Hercules, Stringer's .. .. 4s.-6s. 3000 5 Homew'd Bound, Scotchmn's — 2000 20 Isis, Stuartmill .. .. — 3000 3 Kangaroo Bob, Egerton .. — 32000 1 Koh-i-noor, Bendigo .. .. — 3640 10 London & Australian, Clunes 18s.-20s. 3200 4 Magdala, Pleasant Creek .. — 3600 5 Mariner's and Sloan's, do. .. — 2400 3 New Garibaldi, Blackwood .. — 4000 5 Newington, Pleasant Creek .. — 3200 — North Cohen's, Stringer's Ck. — 4000 — New N. Cohen's Stringer's Ck — 3000 5 North Clunes Extension .. — 4000 5 North Clunes Consols, Clunes 2¼-2½ 4000 6 Oriental, Clunes .. .. 9s.-12s. 11000 1 Pegleg, Bendigo .. .. — 2500 5 Queen Victoria, Canadians .. 13s.-16s. — — South St. Mungo .. .. — 2000 5 South Cohen's, Stringer's .. 5¼-6 6000 5 Sth. Scotchman, Pleasant Ck. — 3500 5 Trojan, Blackwood .. .. — 4000 5 Tubal Cain, Stringer's .. — — — U. Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla 6s.-8s. 20274 2½ Victoria Reef, Bendigo .. — 3100 2 Victoria, Gordons .. .. 14s.-16s. 3000 3 Wellesley, Egerton .. .. — 3000 1 White Horse, Egerton .. — Publications and Literature. DR. SULLIVAN'S SERIES of IMPROVED SCHOOL BOOKS. 1\. The Spelling Book Superseded; 134th edition, s. d. of 10,000 copies each .. .. .. .. 1 4 2\. Geography Generalized ; 40th edition, of 10,000 copies each, revised .. .. .. 2 0 3\. Introduction to Geography and History, 95th edition, of 10,000 copies each, revised .. 1 0 4\. English Grammar, with Exercises and Key ; 88th edition, of 10,000 copies each .. .. 1 0 5\. A Dictionary of the English Language ; 17th edition, of 10,000 copies each, with portrait of the author .. .. .. .. .. 4 0 6\. The Literary Class Book ; 11th edition, cloth extra, bevelled boards .. .. .. .. 3 0 7\. The Dictionary of Derivations ; 12th edition, revised, with supplement, index, and por- trait of the author (at press) .. .. .. 2 6 8\. Popular Education and School- keeping .. 2 6 9\. Upwards of Four Hundred Words, Spelled in Two or More Ways, by different authors ; with an attempt to settle their Orthography 1 0 10\. A Manual of Etymology ; or, First Steps to a Knowledge of the English Language .. 1 6 "C'ass books so excellent that their use has ex- tended to India and the colonies."— Daily Telegraph. "In fact, Dr. Sullivan's school books have been mainly instrumental in making a name for the system of education pursued in the National Schools."—Irish Quarterly Review. *** The circulation of these books in Ireland, Great Britain, and the colonies, was, for the year ending 31st December, 1869, 255,058 copies, being an increase of 15,822 copies over that of 1868. Dublin : Sullivan Brothers. Melbourne : GEORGE ROBERTSON. And may be had through any bookseller in the colonies. D O N ' T T E L L ; Or, MISTAKEN KINDNESS, By MARY BENNETT; And THE FAVOURITE SCHOLAR, By Mary Howitt. Fcap. 8vo., cloth, 2s. Free by post, 2s. 2d. Every child should possess this little work, the Iessons taught are invaluable.—Press. London: WILLIAM TEGG, Pancras-lane, Cheapside. NEW PUBLICATIONS, received ex Somersetshire Swiftsure, Strathdon, Rathfern, Carlisle, &c.; by GEORGE ROBERTSON :— The Works of Alfred Tennyson, complete in 10 pocket volumes, in handsome box, 51s. Idylls of the King, complete, 12s. Holy Grail, 8s. Commercial Code of Signals and Code List, 15s. The Irish Land Question, by J.S. Mill, 3s. Land Tenure in Various Countries, 13s. 6d. Popular Edition of Speeches by Gladstone, 1s. 6d. Popular Edition of Baker's Albert N'yanza, 8s. 6d. Reptiles and Birds, by Louis Figuier, 18s. The World of the Sea, from the French, 24s. Faraday as a Discoverer, by John Tyndall, 4s. Dr. Hezekiel's Life of Count Bismark, 16s. Realmah, by author of " Friends in Council, " 7s. Families of Speech, by F. W. Farrar, M.A., 6s. 6d. Buddagosha's Parables, from the Burmese, 14s. Ellis's Martyr Church of Madagascar, 8s. 6s. Memoir and Essays of Sir Chas. Eastlake, 13s. Cassell's Illusttated Biographical Dictionary, 21s. Carlyle's Hero Worship, library edition, 8s. 6d. M'Clintock's Fate of Franklin, new edition, 8s.6d. Hon. Mrs. Grey's Egypt, Constantinople, &c.;, 10s. Transatlantic Sketches, by Greville Chester, 10s. Chatterton ; a Study, by D. Wilson, LL.D., 7s.6d. Galileo's Private Life and Correspondence, 8s.6d. Anecdotes of the Clergy of America, 6s. The Redeemer, by E. De Pressencé, 7s.6d. Councils, Ancient and Modern, by Harris Rule, 2s. The Heritage of Peace, by Dr. T. S. Child, 2s.6d. Dean Alford's State of the Blessed Dead, 2s. Last Words at Doncaster, by C. J. Vaughan, 3a 6d. Vaughan's Earnest Words for Earnest Men, 4s 6d. Alford's New Testament, revised, 3s. 6d. Newman's Sermons on Subjects of the Day, 6s. Pusey's Is Healthful Reunion Impossible? 7s.6d. Parker's Homiletic Analysis of Matthew, 8s. 6d. Mrs. Charles's Diary of Br. Bartholomew, 7s. 6d. Lord Lytton's New Comedy, Walpole, 6s. Drawingroom Plays and Pantomimes, 8s. 6d. Trevelyan's The Ladies in Parliament, &c;, 7s. 6d. Miss Young's Dove in the Eagle's Nest, 7s. The Starling, by Norman Macleod, D.D., 6s. Christabel Kingscote, by Emma Marshall, 6s. Strickland's Tales and Stories from History, 4s. Smedley's Other Folks' Lives, Twice Lost, &c.;, 5s. Twelve Wonderful Tales, by Knox Wigram, 7s. Old Stories Re-told, by Walter Thornbury, 10s. 6d. Sense and Sensibility, by Jane Austen, 7s. School Life at Winchester College, 8s. 6d. Balzac, Contes Drolatiques, 325 cuts by Doré, 14s. The Fifteon O's, &c.; (Caxton's), fac simile, 13s. Fac Simile Caxton's Satutes Hen. VII., 1489, 35s. Albert Durer's " Little Passion," in fac simile, 28s. The Anglican Mysteries of Paris, 24s. Venice and the Poets, with photographs, 17s. Æsop's Fables, with 56 inimitable designs, 4to.,40s. The Books of Nature and of Man, plates, 21s. Moore's Anacreon, with Girodet's designs, 14s. Tom and Jerry in London, by Pierce Egan, 8s. 6d. Wonderful and Extraordinary Characters, 8s.6d. Story of the Champion Pig of England, 4s. Prince Ubbely Bubble's New Story Book, 5s. 6d. Hood's Whimsicalities, a capital volume, 12s. Acrostics, Historical, Scriptural, &c.;, 5 vols., 17s. Caricature History of the Four Georges, 8s. 6d. The Comic Album of Folly and Fashion, 6d. Charles Mathews, as the " Young Stager," 3d. Leigh Hunt's Chimney Corner Essays, 1s. 6d. GEORGE ROBERTSON, Importer of books and stationery, 60 Elizabeth-street, Melbourne. SECONDHAND LAW BOOKS, Reports, &c.;, cheap. Late editions Catalogues now ready. Brooks, 83 Little Collins-street east. THE AUSTRALASIAN of Saturday, April 23, con- tains the following:— ORIGINAL ARTICLES. 1\. The Australian Centenary. 2\. English Emigration. 3\. Our Letter Home. 4\. The Peripatetic Philosopher. 6\. Notes about Notable Things. 6\. Topics of the Week. 7\. The Theatres, &c.; By "Jaques." 8\. Theatricals in India. By "Call Boy." 9\. Old Stories Re-told. The Last of Macquarie Harbour. By " Q." 10\. The Great Clarence River Flood of 1862. 11\. Scientific Notes from Home. (From our Scientific Correspondent) 12\. To Esther—Review. 13\. Turf Reform in England. 14\. Turf Gossip. By "Playboy." 15\. Prophecies and Results, Saturday's Racing. 16\. Life in London from Two Points of View— Review. 17\. Local Government 18\. Our Ballarat Letter. 19\. Our Sandhurst Letter. 20\. New Zealand Letter. (From our own Corre- spondent.) 21\. Tasmanian Letter. (From our own Corre- spondent) 22\. The Silk Supply Association. 23\. Co-operative Cheese Factories. 24\. Agricultural Report. 25\. Gardening Operation for the Week. CORRESPONDENCE. 26\. Insect Plagues—Meat-preserving Companies— Railway Extension to the Western District— The Unpaid Magistracy. Political News. The Ministerial Elections. The Minister of Lands at Hamilton. The Fall of the Late Government.—Explanation by an Ex-Minister. The Haymarket Theatre Dispute. Victoria Insurance Company. The Australia Felix Meat preserving Company. Meteorological Notes for the Month of March. Melbourne University. The Volunteers —You Yangs Encampment (From our Special Reporter.) The Courts.—County Court—City Police. New Insolvents. Mining.—Our Ballarat and Sandhurst Letters— Reduction of Mining Rents. Exploration in Western Australia. Aid to Emigrants. General Miscellany. Commercial and Shipping Intelligence. Melbourne and Geelong Wool and Station Reports. Melbourne Markets. Country Stock Reports. The Late Murderous Assault at Coleraine. Proposed Amendments in Mr. Jenner's Scab Bill. Telegrams.—Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, Tasmania, and Rivers Murray and Murrumbidgee. The Novellst.—The Last of Macquarie Harbour— A Fight in a Tunnel. The Sketcher.—Tbe Great Clarence River Flood— Market Day in France. The Economist.— The A.B.C. of Political Economy. The Lady's Column.—Ladies' Amusements. Poetry.—" At Nightfall." By Henry Kendall. Miscellany. Public Opinion.—The Quarterly Review on the Colonial Question—Colonial Envoys. A Miser Burned to Death. Supposed Poisoning of a Retired Sea Captain. Loss and Starvation of Three Children. Extraordinary Resuscitation. A Seducer Shot by His Victim. Extraordinary Storm. A Strange Story. Extraordinary Treatment of a Drunken Wife. The Silk Salesman and the Soiled Dove. Town, Country, Intercolonial, Political, and Gene- ral News. To be had of " The Argus" agents, or posted direct from the office to any address, at 7s. 6d. per quarter, payable in advance. THE YEOMAN DEPARTMENT of THE AUS- TRALASIAN of Saturday, April 23, contains:— Forthcoming Land Sales. The Silk Supply Association. Co-operative Cheese Factories. Agricultural Report. The Victoria Agricultural Society. Morven Autumn Agricultural Show, Tasmania. (From our own Correspondent) Gardening Operations for the Week. Insect Plagues. Meat preserving Companies. A Neglected Grass. Birds versus Insects. Impoundings. THE SPORTING DEPARTMENT of THE AUS- TRALASIAN of Saturday, April 23, contains:— Answers to Correspondents. Races to Come—Entries and Nominations—Ac- ceptances. Turf Reform in England. Turf Gossip. By "Playboy." Ballarat Turf Club Autumn Steeplechase Meeting. Williamstown Races. Cranbourne Shire Races. The Colonial Turf from a British Point of View. Aquatics.—Melbourne Annual Regatta, Prophecies and Results. Cricket—South Melbourne v. Sandhurst—South Melbourne v. Twenty-two of Sunbury—Town v. Country Press. Athletic Sports—Creswick Athletic Sports. Coursing.—Victoria Coursing Club. Sporting Literature—Life in London from Two Points of View—Review. Chess.—Problem No. 195—Solution of Problem No. 194—Chess Tournament. Printed and published by HUGH GEORGE, at THE ARGUS Office, Collins street, Melbourne, for WILSON and MACKINNON, proprietors. 