THE ' ATTITUDE OF THE SOUTH GERMAN STATES. 1 The four South Gerraen States Baden, Hefle«, Bavaria and Wurtamhurg, are still independent and sovereign, though they have consented to becomc ultimately u part o( tho new Confederation, under tile Prussian domination. Their sym pathies in the present struggle are naturally with Prussia, hut it would not be unnatural for them to preserve n position of neutrality. The prospective union has not benn popular, but the majority of the poople yield consent thereto as a matter of expediency, sacrificing gome feeling of nationa pride to^gaiu the advantages which must insure to a compact and well-defended confederated State. Still, there is in these States an element hostile to the proposed union which is strong enough to be considered dangerous to the absolute acquiescence of South Germany in any policy which shall unite it with Prussia. Availing himself of this, and! probably hoping to conciliate the South Germans into iudifferenti8m toward Prussia, one of the first acts of the Emperor Napoleon, after a formal, resolution to go to war had been announced, was to distribute through the South German States aa imperial proclamation, setting forth that he came into Germany to war with Prussia, not with, Germans ; his quarrel was with King William, not! with 15aden, llesse, Wurtemburg or Bavaria^ This ingenious document was circulated by French agents very widely, and was an avant courier of the French army, which might, if tho credulous Germans would so rcceivc it, be con sidered an army of doliverance from tho thrall o£ tho much-dreaded Bismarck. At any rate, it might persuade the Stales into a condition of absolute neutrality. The Prussian Government endeavored to prevent the circulation of tho proclamation, but it was read very widely, and it bore fruit in due timo. After waiting a lew days, the French Emperor made a peremptory and somewhat insolent de mand that South Germany should decide whether it would remain neutral or not; and the States were given until the 18th of July to mako answer. That answer has come, and we are told to day that Germany's ultimatum is tin; dethrone ment of the Bonaparte*. This a sharp reply to Napoleon, couched in the same language which he haB used in his address to the South Germaa States. It is in effect saying: " We accept war; but wc do not war with France; wy wnr ngainslj the Bonapnrtist dynasty." Alodern diplomacy affords no more pungent reply than this. Napo-« leon pretends that ho does not cross the frontier to engage with Germany, hut to punish the King of; Prussia for an alleged slight put upon his Ambassador: Germany, already pledged to ultimate political union with Prussia, has no quarrel with the ' French people, but cannot longer tolerate the assumptions of the 15onapartes« Germany, though liberal, is legitimist; Napo leon is only an advonturer and usurper ; Germany considers him only as Charles Louis Nupolcoti Bonaparte, placed upon the throne of France by tho arts of Morny, Persigny and Maupras. This attitude of Sjutli Germany revives the discussion of the rights of succession, and how erer unimportant the notion oi these Slates may be in itself, it wounds Napoleon in his tendereat point, lie does not forget that he is a parvenu among European sovereigns, and, in the midst of his greut plans for the perpetuation of his dynasty he is reminded that Europe does not forget it. And coming as this does, upon Napoleon's unwarrantable show of displeasure at the prospect of a Hohenzollern Prince being called to tho Spanish throne, the answer of the German States acquires additional force and significance. The contiguous States of Baden, Wurtemberg, Hesse and Bavaria will be hostile territory to the armies of Napoleon in his campaign against Prussia ; of these, Baden is next the French Empire, and is in a position to hinder military advances. And the ultimatum of Germany brings into the contest a new and dangerous element for the Bonapartes. It suggests new ideaB to the Legitimists, Orleanist, Republicans, nnd, in fact to all of the vast opposition which exists to the present Emperor of the French. It revives old antipathies and kindles new jealousies; and it gives South Germany a moral advantage ia the expected conflict, which will be of great weight. SUMMARY OF GENERAL NEWS. We take the following from "The Auglo Australian in London," Tho confederation of tho Australian colonies ia faco of tho complications that might arise from Eng land being compelled to take Hides in the war, is strongly urged by a certain portion of the press; but tho difficulties ot bringing it about seem to bo under estimated. A considerable time will probably yet pass before thoro is any chaneo of its realisation. Tho present Colonial Secretary, Lord Kimborley, ia winning favor with all thoBo who liavo business with him, and though ho may not have quite so much of the nuaniter in modo as his predecessor, it is saiil that ho has inoro of the furtiter in re- but on this point I do hot myself venture un opinion. I need hardly say that tho war has most seriously affected colonial securities The markets for tho Victorian and Tasmanian loans havo been almost olosod, and Victorian securities havo suffered greatly. Tho Australian hunks havo also naturally been sufferer* by the war. Since writing the above, us a result of frosh war news, securities havo somewhat recovered. Thero seems littlo chance as yot of tho Australian colonies consolidating their various loans, and indeed it is argued by many that if it could bo done it would simply benefit the members of tho Stock Exchange here, and 110 one oIbu. Holders would not agree to exchange their present bonds for others, except soma pecuniary advantago was held out to them ns aa induoornont, and for this the oolonios would havo to pay. Nor does tho Bohomo of tho registration of colonial bonds seem very near its realisation, alzhough I am told tho Victoria Government regard it with favour. There is a groat difference of views as to its alleged advantages, but on tho whole opinion seems to bo in its favor. Naturally tho breaking down of tho homeward Australian Mail, with tho serious delay arising therefrom, has caused much inconvenience hers. Things look somewhat gloomy in regard to the pre sent prospect of a fortnightly mail to Australia. In respect to tho route via lirindisi, the Peninsular and Oriontal Company, in their new contract, just signod, with the Government, have agreed to provide a ser vice botween there and Alexandria. I his should bo renardod aR a most favorable omen for tile future. When tho route is thus utili«ed all letters and news papers will probably bo sent by it, for there cau ba littlo doubt of its advantages. Mr Torrens has had to postpone his proposed motion in the House ot Commons respecting tho duties of Government relative to the great want of employment amongst the working classes; and when lie does lirin>; it forward lie will fi.'id it rather hard to obtain a patient hearing, for lie has made himsolt and the subject rather a boro in Parliament. Tl.o decision in tho Australian appeal case of fievinger v The Q ieen has decided a very important legal point, to the effect that ft prisoner has n perfect right to challenge an alien on a mixed jury. ]t is anticipated hero that Mr Charles Co wper, Prime Minister of Now South Wales will succeed Captain .Mayne as Agont-Genoral, and it is thought that tho salary of tho office, considering the many .claims upon tho holder of it, should not bo less than 1,2000 a yoar. Tho Cerberus is now nearly ready to commence hor voyage to Melbourne. Before starting she will bo sent oil a trial trip down the Channel to test bar sailing; and steaming capabilities during; a gals. Final arrangements for expediting her departure have boon mudo with tho Culouial Office by tho Viotorian Agent-General. Lieutenant Panter, bar commander, now in London, is very much pleased with her, and believes she will prove a roiil suaoass for tho object for whioh sho is destined. Mr Thomas, lato Educational Inspoetor of Victoria, who ban been residing alternately in London and on tho Continent f<n' Uui lust year, loaves for Melbourne in tho courso of a 'wank or two, probably by tho Somersetshire. In ray last letter I apolto by mistnko of Mr Jumoa Smith, tho Parliamentary Librarian of Melbourno, as bt>ing in London, confusing him by an accident with another aoiitlamuti, lately arrived from tbo colony, of the prolifio family of Jaraefi Smiths. Mr B. L; Farjeon continues with great spirit his tale of "Joshua Marvel" In Tmi&ys; for August, and In the same magazine this month are two interesting articles entitled rcsu^ctively " In Australian Wilds" »Tid " By Conch through Tasmania." Tho British filed t<tl Ttmcs has a striking article on "Consumption vn Australia." Amongst recent book* publisbi-d in .Germany is onn entiiM *. Australia; it-* History ami ^Colonisation," by V. Christmnrm. it has 120 illus trations, four maps and live tonod drawings. A *very instructive artblo on " Immigration to fho "Sandwich Islands" anp^ara in tl>M current number (if '(ho $)7/gar Cauff. Tho Architect, a Journal that hns with di-Kf-rvodW brilliant nuc^ess, published in its issos of 17th July a beautiful engraving of the iBjllarat Mechanics' Institution. 1VIr and Mrs George Caso bare arrived in London, .and are taking a rest after their Jong tour, t'arry Nelson is at Margate, and Sarah itfolnon in Wnlos. George Fawoett Rowo in still playing Micawber in u Little Em'ly" with Eldred's company, now in Glasgow; they intend to work their way down to Livorpool. Niah is still doiug "nigger business" with Hudson in tho manufacturing districts; Bolton is their present place of sojourn. Charles Dillon -has concluded a short engagement at HuU. Fred Youngw's 3rij;h -class comedy company have b*»ou performing at Scarborough, anil have been recently strengthened fcy the arrival of Dick Younge, the manager for many ^ea^s of tho Theatre Royal, Melbourne. Clarenoo Holt is now giving an entertainment of his own, .entitled, ** I'ho Army* Navy, and Volunteers," Tho I«9Qton Boys* after being highly successful at Birmingham, haro gono on to Livorpool, whencn thoy proceed to Hull, and then back to Birmingham agaio. Dorainick Murray and Josephino Fiddcs are at 'present in Canada. Miss Plenty Mnrdaunt, tho "OVyropio " Frou-Fou/' has opened iho Kxetoc Thea tr#»» Tho Groat Australian Circus Company, who navo been recently exhibiting in Now York, hate been disbanded, owing to a quarrel butweon tho proprietors. Miss Cleveland is in London, but has not yet obtained an engagement. Mr'Charles WaWh continues at tho East London Thoatro. Miss Flora Anderson, daughter of Professor Audorson, died at Dublin on 19th July. Jani^s Am^rson will shortly nalte his nppearanco at tho Globo Theatre. 8pit.*rs »nxJ Pond are doing a 6rst-class business at tho Hall (by th« Sea, Margate; Air E. P. Kingston, who is Managing this establishment, ia a general favorito wherever he goes, Gaorgo Robinson's Musio Hall is nearly alw&ya; to be found orowdod. Chappello has left to fight for hia country. Barry Sullivan i«# taking sea atr at Bognor, in Sussex, He will shortly com mence & proviocipal tour, at tho termination of which at is most likely he will leave for California, en route *to Australia. It is announced that the Bloudo ITrouoe, ufter their engagements aro concluded in "Pan Franoisoo, intend paying Australia a short v'nit. Mr Akhurat is concluding* negotiations, of which I «hatt write in my next. George Honey's engage isont at the Vaudovillo has been lengthened, on oujoount of the 44 Two Roai/s ' being HO successful, »nd hia services in the pieco being indispensable. J. K'ltts, who intended to have gone in tho Annesley, went over to the Continent instead, and was enjoying himself there till the outbreak of the war. He leaves for Australia by the 8outhern Bello. "W« take the following item? from the general flrcwsof the European Mail: ?July 29-Tho knowledge that Lord Granville was *Jo osake a statement upon the subject of our foreign i 'relations and the negotiations in which our Govern- | tenant has recently been engaged, drew a great j many people to the Houeo of Lords. There were about a sooro of ladies in tho side galleries, thf» Commons' tribunes were quite /ull, and tho st«ps of the throne were crowded with statesmen, legislators, and diplomatists, including Mr Gladstone, Mr Liww, Mr Childers, Sir Georgo Grey, Sir O. O'Loghlen, and tnany other members ot the House of Commons. Tho bar was not especially full, but there was a good number of strangers in tho gallery opposite the throne. The noble Earl commenced by informing ttheir lordships that he should not be long, and should *tell them nothing new-a promise which he rigidly .obsorved. As soon as war was d^c ared the Govern ment had, in hia opinion, no oourse to purnuM but to complete as speedily as possibU the formalities "which were necessary to proclaim the neutrality of this country, Having incidentally mentioned that both the Duo de Graraont and nl. Bismarck, as well as M. de L&valnttn; and Count Berimtorff, had found fault with some portions of his conduct-the French Ambassador having complained to the Prime M nis tec that ho was " cold, very cold,"-Lord Granville appealed to their lerdships and the country for their j approval of the attitude of strict neutrality which Jhad been assumed by the Government, and cloand I *with a declaration, uttered with unusual emphasis ^nd distinctness, that we are bound to maintain tho right which that neutrality gives us to tender to both the belligerents any advice which is consistent with justioe and impartiality; but that the best way to maintain the honor of this country and to facilitate the restoration of peace will be to preserve a dignified and calm reserve. Lord Malmesbury arose und ex pressed his entire approval of the manner in which these negotiations had been conducted, As this was % w«r 4t without any just came or real reason," and ss it was impossible for eithnr party to say what Gbejr were going- to fight about, the Government .could not make any proposal to separate them; and that remained for them to do was to adhere to the impartial position which they had assumed, and to ansist upon tho maintenance of an honest neutrality (by other Powers, especially by Denmark, Belgium. , *nd Holland. That they might he in a position to ] 'fulfil these duties, he urged them at once to increase j .our naval and military forces. Earl Russell con ?curred in this recommendation, and entered at some length into the particulars of the '. incident at Ems," "in order to show that the King of Prussia bad acted towards M. Benedelti as became a prince, a soldier, and a gentleman. The noblo lord expressed a clear opinion that " every one must approve the course pursued by the Governmeutj" and recommended that Lord Granville should enter into negotiations with Russia and Austria, so as to enable him at a future time- perhaps during Ibe autumn and winter -to o£for mediation to the belligerent Powers. 30th July-a.8 soon as tho House met, Lord Malmesbury asked whether the Ministers had any further information as to the now celebrated " project" of a treaty between France and Prussia. Lord Granville stated that the Marquis de Lavalette, the French Ambassador, assured him that ever since 1855 Prussia had been oonstantij directing the I .Uention of Franco to the propriety and possibility ?af their mutual rxlanaion of territory. Tlieso .overtures, originally rejuoted by Franco, were re mewod after the battle ot Sailowa, when M. Bismarck BUjfgejted that the Frenoh Government should point oat to the King of tho Belgians that hi. only means ef hia eaciping tho dangers threatened by the inoroago of Prumian territory and influence, would be to unite the destinies of his country with those of France by ties so close that while the autonomy of Belgium should be proserTod, sho should become a r»al bulwark of safety to Franoe. The French Government refused to listen to these proposals, and when at the timo of the affair at Luxemburg thoy w*r« renewed, they were "unwillingly received and categorically rejected" by the Emperor. At ?the olose of their conversation M. de Jjavalette usur.dthe Foreign Secretary that in those proposals the initiative had always been taken by the Prussian Government; and that '. the d oument in tho hand writing of M. B^nedetti was written by him under the dictation of Count Bismnrck, who wished to «ntangle the French Government in a conspiracy against the liberties of Belgium; and that then, aa at other times, the suhemo was positively rejected by Tranoe." Tho war which bas so suddenly broken out oil the Continent has tended to increased activity in must of the Government establishments at Woolwich, -Several of the departments in the Royal Arsenal have exten .ive orders on hand; the Royal Gun Factories have received an order to manufacture fifty bronze muzzle loading 9 pounder field guns, in addition to thoMp already completed, without further experiments, as originally intended. A lar'»e number of 12-pounder mazsle loading guns, which have been laid aside for some time owing to the introduction of tho breech loader into tho service, are at onoo to be rifled, so as to bo available for immediate use. Workmen aro now engaged in carrying out. this order. The work men in the Royal CarrUge Department are working orertime, in order toerpediti-tlio completion of the iron gun oarriages in course of manufacture in that department. It ha« been stated that several batterieB of Artil lery at Woolwich have received orders to hold themselves in readiness to proceed to tho Mediter ranean to act with other troops as an army of obser vation, The steps now taken to place the armaments of this oountry upon such a fooling of security as the occasion requires, has givon great satisfaction to tho nation, notwithstanding the feeling that wo shall not be oa'led upon to redeem that guarantee of which w« acknowledge the binding obligation. All our arsenals are now doins full time, and the recruiting tergaant is busy. The United Service (razntte is " abl» to state on the must undoubted authority that orders have been given for a large number of troops to be held in readiness for active sorvico. The sorew steamer Tyne, belonging to the Shields Steam Shipping Company, just arrived in the Tyne, reports that it aud tho'screw steamer Southwiclc, of Sunderland, also arrived in the Tyu«, had been fired .t by « French ironolad off Heligoland on 17th July. Tb% Tyw left Hamburg with «h»»p, and, trhau between CufchaVe^ and Heligoland, sighted An iron olad without. ^6lora. Tho Tyna had hor ensign at tho taiznn mast head. A fthot was fired across her bowfl. followed by three others in rapid succession, onv, being aimed arauUhips, but f«U short. The Tyno Immediately proceeded towards tho ironcUd tor information, but she steered off towards the steamer Southwck, which wan some distance off, and fm*d two shots across hor bows. She then steamed in tho direction of Cuxhaven, leaving tho Tyno and South wick to continue tli«*ir vnyngo homewards. Another report ntntcH that at the tiino tho flhots wort-* fired the Tyno had no colors flying, and as soon as they w.tc hoisted tiring from tho ironclads ceased. It is thought thai tho ironclad alludod to could not havo been French as there worn no French ships of w«r at that time in the German Ocean. On 5'h August, intelligence was received in Liver pool of tho Prussian ship l,annia by a French frigate, which afterwards towmi hor ^jrite into Havre. The Lunnia arrived at Quoemtown a week or two ago from Wilmington with a cargo of turpentine, rosin, and oilier stores of a naral character, and which are contraband of war. During tho vessel's detention at Queenatown waiting for orders, it is said that tho French consular agent Jit that port had kept a close watch upon h"r. As soon as it was ascertained that tho Captain of tho Latinia had received orders, and that his ultimate desviuation wu a German port in the Baltic or North Se.ij the departure of the whip was at once telegraphed to the French Admiralty. This is, it is believed, tho fust capture yet made by the French cruisers of a German merchantmen, but from the reports from Falmouth, Queonstown and other porta of call for orders, if is evident that a large number of Gerraau ships will hare to take ^ shelter ther® during tho war, or else run tho risk of | capture should they prooeod to soa, Tho Militia Hill was brought down from tho House of Lords and read a first time. hi re Mr Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne, Bart, \- An adjourned fir*t sitting in this case was held in the Bankruptcy Court on 3rd August* as no appoint ment was made at th® former sitting, owing to the non-attendanco of creditors The bankrupt is well known, his name haying been so frequently beforo the publics as the claimant to tho Tiohborno estates Tho liabilities are laid to bo about L50.000, but no statement of aooounts has been filod. It being stated that negotiations were in progress for annulling the bankruptcy, an adjournment was ordered till 12th vjeptember. As any information as to the health ot Mr Bright will brt welcome, wo are glad to report that it con tinues steadily to improve, and that there is every reason to think that ho will be able to resume bis place in tho Houso of Commons next s<'9«iou. Whether it will bo prudent that he should add official to parliamentary labors must remain for some time undeoided* The oamo of Mr Bright's illness-a tendency to capillary congostion of the brain suggests caution. Mr Bright has refrained from i giving effect hitherto to bis wish to resign fho Presidency <>f the Board of Trade, in deference to tho strongly expressed wishes of his colleagues. A remarkable demonstration took place in Dublin on J8th July, at tho French Consulate. About 10,000 persons, with 20 bands, assembled and hoisted | a French flag, entwined with an orange and greeu I flag. Tho polico interfered and tore the flag down, but it was captured amid great cheering. Tho assembly was addressed by Mr Smith, late candidate for Waterford, who was told by the police to con sider himself arrested. All, however, ende.d quietly, A Tory cowardly act is attributed to tho anti Prussian party in the city of Limerick. On its becoming known that a dealer in horses there was purchasing 41 mount6 " for tho Germans, considerable ill-feeling was shown towards him, and tho next night hay valued at L500 was sot firo to on his premises, and totally destroyed. The French Minister at Washington, M. Provost* Paraded, shot himself through tho heart on 19th July, No ca\u« iaassigned for the suicide; but it is reported that the deceased Minister was rendered temporarily insane by fatigue and intonse heat. It is aflsertnd that Don Fernando has acoepted the Spanish Crown. At tho public sitting of the (Ecumenical Council on 18th July tho formal vote on the dogma of infalli bility was taken, when 533 placets against two non placet* were recorded. The constitution declesia Christi was then proclaimed by tho Pope, who pro nounced a short allocution. The evacuation of Rome by the French troops hns begun. Three companies of a battalion of Chas seurs arrived at Marseilles on 30th of July, and it is stated that tho rrraainder of the troops are expected in successive detachments. General Dumont has received orders to concentrate the troops at Civita Vecchia, so as to be ready for embarkation at the first signal. 1 The Infallibility Question, wo are fcoM, was decided i at Rome just in time to prevent it from losing tho little interest it still maintained in the public mind, for the more exciting topic of a great and possibly European war would of course have at once thrown tho debates and decisions of tho (Ecumenical Fathers into the shade. We learn on good authority that the Danish Government are doing everything in their power to maintain a strict neutrality. But it is greatly feared that tho popular feeling will be too powerful. The King himself is already incurring great unpopularity from tho attitude which he has taken up, and nothing short of an activo co operation with Franco is likely to satisfy tho people of Copenhagen, who represent in this case the wishes of the Danish nation. The Due de Cadore arrived at Copenhagen on 31st July, from Paris, and had an interview the same afternoon with the Minister for Foreign Affairs. His mission, we are informed, has thoroughly failed. It is oertain that all tho European powers will remain neutral during the Franco German war. The Russian Government informed tho Frenoh Cabinet that a command in the Baltic, given to Prince Napoleon, would bo considered as an aot of hostility against Russia, on account of tho well-known sympathies of His Royal Highness for Poland. 