Ufon second thoughts, and after a cafeful ferusal, we have determined not to publish in full the new Immigration Regulations which were laid on the Table of the Legis lative Assembly on Wednesday eyeninc. Our reason is that there is no new- feature to lay before the public, but on the contraiy a curtailment of the sources of. immigration opened by the Macpherson Administration. It will be remembered that we gave a synopsis of the first set of regulations, and a commentary thereupon. A brief abridgment, with a few remarks upon the class of persons now proposed to be introduced into Victoria will now suffi ciently serve our purpose. Part L refers to single females, the only class of immigrants to be provided with a free passage to the colony. These must be British subjects, under the age of thirty-five, of good moral character, and free from bodily or mental infirmity, and their num bers are to be limited to the requirements of the colony as indfSated by the amount annually voted by the Victoria! Parlia ment. The selection from England, Scot land, Ireland, and Wales is to be in proportion io the population of each - country. The "young ladies" who are supposed to have been accustomed to do mestic Gervice will be chaperoned on the voyage by married couples, to be told off by the Agent-General in batches of tea for every hundred spinstera The depot will open its hospitable doors for the reception of the future wives end mothers of Victoria, ijut they must be prepared at any moment to pick np their trains, and take train or coach to such destination, as the Immigration Agent may direct them. The opening thus offered for tb<| surplus mature virginity of the United Kingdom will no doubt be largely patronised ; for what cook or kitchen maid is there .what seamstress or laundress in the British Isles who has not read or heard of the excellent matrimonial engagements formed by thdir prae-emigraling sisterhood ? Could Malthas burst his cerements, and rise from the grave, he would rub his hands with delight on hearing that such, a potent blow had been aimed against surplus population. Nor will there at this end of the world be any faultfinding with even a very large irruption of manage able and marriageable girls, for the sexes -are by no means equalised yet in the colony, nor can it be said that we are over burdened with good cooks or neat htoded Phillisea In view of the army of feminine invaders Wb would commend our Biddys and Maggiea to brush «tp their culinary lore, ami brush down the staircases and walls, lest their well paid, and in many cqses almost sinecure oc cupations should tltesert them, and they be left "lone lorn critters with "no where " toga" ( By the new regulations, as by the old, facilities are given for the importation of the relations of persons already In the colony, and of craftsmen skilled in special industries. The friends in Victoria wiU, upon nomination, be required to deposit £2 , £5, and £8 towards the payment of male relations under fifteen and forty, and over forty years respectively, and £1, £2, and £5 for female relations of like ages. With regard to the introduction of " persons (and " if married, their families) skilled in the " production, of wine and oil, and the dry- " ing or preservation of fruit, or in other " special - industries." the Argus complains, of toe omission of that clause in -Mr Long- more's regulations, which provided for toe . importation of single females from Germany and Switzerland, who have been accustomed to domestic service in those countries. We have no fault whatever to find with toe characters given by our contemporary of toe frauleins and madehens. On the contrary we fully acknowledge all toe virtues claimed tor the dienitmagd by toe Argus for simplicity, frugality, honesty, affection, and trustworthiness. But at toe same tame we take leave to think that a sufficient number of eligible young women to supply our wants for at any rate a Con siderable tame to come can be obtained without crossing the British Channel. Nor if toe selection, be well made — and the Agent-General bears toe reputation of bring a good judge of the sex- — need there be any apprehension of toe "hrips" to" come failing in any of toe excellencies attributed by implication solely to Swiss and German giris. England, Ireland, Scotland, and "Wales will bear a considerable amount of female depletion. : Charity bens at home, and it will be time enough to go to toe Continent for domestic servants when .toe home stock begins to run. low, or becomes of inferior quality. Besides, it savouis somewhat of an invidious distinction to prefer Swiss and German damsels "to - French, Italian,- Swedish, or Danish, each" of which nationalities is well represented in Victoria. As a whole toe new Immigration Regu lations come under toe category of a "selL" The fierce 'denunciations 'against being . flooded with the" paupers of. Great Britain will have to be. . bottled again and corked -up against another demonstration on toe part of absentee colonists "and poor-law guardians. The Argus disguises its chagrin tolerably well, but what will Mr ERward "Wilson, say I The Age is not particularly pleased, but consoles itself with a sneer at the shipping agmits, whose designs have been frustrated by toe meagre supply of fresh blood authorised by the Government : while the Daily Tdegraph affects to be delighted that "the large and powerful " steamers via toe Cape of Good Hope " will for a time at least be but phantoms of toe brain, and not become corporeal and dangerous rivals to the orthodox British sailing tub, and its comfortable eighty days passage. ThR quartz miners of dunes are bestirring themselves in the matter of lease rents. The chtllenge given by the Minister of Mines they are determined' shall be ac cepted. Mr Mackay has'appfealed to. Cbesar in the forau iof public opinion, and to Grisar he shall go. If toe united voice of Bal- larat and dunes, and of other goldfields which have not yet been properly commu nicated with, be not sufficiently potent to rouse the head of toe Alining Department from his Epicurean indifference, we shall begin to believe there is a fatality attend ing every one who is destined to hold toe portfolio of Mines, and that toe trail of toe serpent is over them alL On Monday toe Miners and toe "Mining Reform Association, hitherto considered to be antagonistic bodies, will occupy toe same platform at toe Alfred HalL The lion of toe working men's rights will lie down with - toe twin . Jambs of extended leases ; toe ' terms of . agreement and reconciliation bring that in toe future toe labor covenants are to be observed by lessees. Now this ap pears to be toe great bugbear of toe Alining Department. Mr Mackay has somehow got it into his head that a gigantic system of shepherding prevails wherever Ballarat interests are concerned. There certainly are instances of monopoly and .holding of large areas of ground nnwoiked ; but these are toe exception, not toe rale. A.t dunes many thousands of pounds have been ex pended in sinking and driving during the last eighteen months, , while hot a single ounce of gold has rewarded toe un-" remitting .efforts , of toe - proprietors. The same remark will apply to Egerton, where north of the _ Black Horse, and south of Learmonto's,: ' toe ground' mughtkhiiQ be - virgin to the pick for all toe benefit it ha« been to toe numerous companies which have been toiling and moiling for toe past two years and more, until they have quite exhausted toe patience, and well nigh toe purses, of the shareholders. So, too, on toe main range of Ballarat A dozen companies are actually at a standstill for toe. sinews of war. And yet we are coolly told that to reduce lease rents would encourage reckless specnlaiibh: and idle rkriupatibn. It is this midwinter madness of which toe Minister of Mines must be dispossessed, or he will soon be degraded to the' level of Messrs Sullivan and J. T. Smith. But toe evil spirit can never be exorcised as long as toe patient continues to inhale toe pestilential air of Queen street, and retains Mephis- topheles at his elbow. The bracing breezes of toe Climes plateau, and toe invigorating view to be obtained from' a Sebastqpri watch tower,- are absolutely necessary to effect even a partial cure. Pending the arrival with ' " hesitating " step and slow" of toe Muister-of Mines at toe goldfields metropolis — still toe great centre of enterprise, although much of its pristine glory be, temporarily dimmed — it behoves toe Mining Reform Association to bestir themselves, and not rest content with having awakened toe Geelongese to a pro- \- per sense of toe gross injustice inflicted, "by toe present exorbitant rente for leases. Maryhbrough is ripe for revolt ; Talbot would willingly join in an insurrection against that petty tyrant the Secretary of Mines ; at Beech worth toe men really -in terested -in milting property "are only wait ing the opportunity to tell their Mining Board that they have made fools of toem- ' selves and the ;distriet ; BlackwOod would , he with toe conspirators . almost .to a man and. even sleepy Oastlemaine could without much difficulty be forced into a groan of execration. -at -toe unfairness of charging two shillings per annum rent for, good arable land, while barren quartz ranges are mulct in a penalty of twenty — all to satisfy toe lust of power and greed of office which have been toe sole characteristics of Brough Smyth's ten years' reign -oftabeolu- tism. The train is already laid. There wants but the Promethean sparky to , set it in a" blaze. -Tit " I ; A general committee meeting of the Railway Extension League ni held in the Prince's Room, Alfred HalL yteterday evening, Mr J. X. B'aird in the chair. The secretary read aeport shewing that considerable progress .had been .made in the collection of statistics, &a; "A snb-Commlttee was ; formed far-tog gurppBe of -maeting tola-evening ; to arrange preliminaries as to the pnblic'lneeting, which -we ars Informed will. take .. place .daring ; nextweek. .-,:- v.." , The sitting, otto6 CoMfyGoort yeetarilay,w«a .. anunnsniUy lengthy one, baring lasted from tea in tbe morning ..till a few minutes before . aix. . Owing, however, to the caitehf CanhamvBonlton ' having occupied a long time, only a little over half the list aet down for hearing waadikpoKd of, A fatal accident occurred at tbe mine of the Argyle Quartz Mining Company, Egerton, on Toseday, by which a miser named Thomas Bale lest bis life. Tbe deceased was working in an open cutting about is feet deep when a body of earth came dawn, covering him to the height of about 3 feet The poor fellow was not using timber in workisg the ground, although he bad been frequently warned of the danger of so doing. An inquest was held yesterday on tbe body, when a verdict was returned of death by suffocation, a rider being also added to the effect that if the ground had been timbered the accident would not hare occurred. Professional gentlemen who had cases on the list set down for hearing at the County Court yesterday were not at all satieSed at being com pelled to bang about the neighborhood of the court-boose nntil a few minutes before six o'clock. The second rule of order 2 in the new Act provides that the court shall close as soon after fenr as the cause then being beard shall be ended, unless the convenience of both parties in some particular cause or causes shall induce the judge then presiding to extend tbe sitting to a later period of the day; and it is thought that Judge Nolan is going beyond that rale when he undertakes cases after four o'clock, without know ing whether it is convenient for either clients or at- torsies. It is but right to add, however, that his Honoris limited to time, sod that no open objec tion was made to any of the cases being proceeded with, "We call attention to the bye- law adopting por tions of the 12th schedule of tbe Borouehg Statute, 1669, now for the first time advertised by the Ballarat Esst Couocil. The following selections of mnsic will he played this evening, in the Start street Reserve, by the band of the 1st B.V.B : — Grand march; waltz, "The Guards," D. Godfrey; quick step, " Let me like a Soldier fall; quadrille, " Christmas echoes," D. Godfrey; glee, "The Chough and Crow," Bishop; polka, " The Army" (presented to the baud by the composer) 3. Schott; galop, "The Mabel," D. Godfrey. "God save the Qneen." ' The large nnmber of entries made with Mr Bagoton Wednesday must be highly encouraging to breeders of racehorses and raring men. Seventy-one horses hare been nominated for the Melbourne ' Cup, the largest entry yet made. There are twenty-eight in the Ascot Vale Stakes for two year olds, only one belonging to another colony — and that one to New Sopth Wales. The Victoria Derby of 1S71, numbers fifty-four; eight bring from New Sonth Wales, and five from So nth Australia. There are twenty-cine in the Oaks of 181; four from New South Wales and two from Sonth Australia. And for the St. Leger of 1872 there are fifty-one; seven belonging to New Sonth Wales, and six to Sonth Australia. The Star of Amherst Division of the Order of Sons of Temperance was opened on 30th May by Rrn T. ft. T)rw. DftWP. aocicted htr Ttrne James Dick, George Major, James Hornsby, M'Earlie, G'ConctU, and Wilson, of tbe Hope of Talbot Division. Twenty-one members were initiated, the following being chosen officers: — Thos. Fisher, WJ.; Joseph Fisher, W A.; Richard Fisher, F.S.; John C, D. MLachlan, A.F.S.; George Aram, R.S.; Thos. Gillett. C.; John , Braid, AC.; John M'Donald, LS.; George Bor- kett, O.S.; Rev. Richard 0. Cook, P.W.P. We are informed that there is every indication of the Star of Amherst becoming a very prosperous division. The mnsical public here has been long indebted to the Harmonic Society for a succession of enjoy ments of many of the works of great composers, whether of sacred or secular class. The compara tively recent introduction of " opera" has been found to work very advantageously, both in attracting large audiences to the concerts, and in drawing additional members out of the list of amateurs who formerly held back. The coming performance to take place on the 17th June wiU consist of Donizetti's opera, "Lucretia Borgia," by many esteemed the most attractive of bis prodoctions, from ite rich melodies and thrilling choruses. Tbe society bad a rehearsal test evening at the Mechanics' Institute, at which ebont eighty mem bers were present. It was pleating to notice the great improvement that has taken place in the several divisions of the cborns, both in nnmbers and quality— the basses especially are very effec tive in several ponderous and intricate passages. Jndging by the portions performed, one is forced, to conclude that there seems some probability that the society will at the coming concert transcend itself, bnt it may at leaEt be said that this opera will be one of its arsatest successes. It only re mains for tbe public to show its acknowledg ment of so derating a class of mnsical entertain ment provided at no small pains and risk. The ardoons application necessary for properly inter preting this high class of music necessarily calls for seme self-denial on tbe performers' part, whilst the danger of a monetary failure for tbe treasury is" one which should not be suffered to exist. This remark is called forth by a remembrance that the, last concert, given on Good Friday, resulted in comparatively a heavy loss, owing principally to the nnpropitions weather. ;It may he observed that several new. members were last evening added to the list. Mr Hanify, formerly chief clerk of the City Police Court, will probably be permitted to retire with the benefit provided for officers dispensed with under the loth section of the Public Service Act. We are glad to notice that Mr C, Dyte, MX. A , has almost recovered from his late Indisposition, and yesterday was able to be out during a portion of the day. Several defendants were fined in the District -Police Court yesterday for having inaccurate and unstamped weights tod' measures in their posses sion. The Mntoal Improvement Association, the ! recent formation nf which has been tbe snbject of a previous notice, has succeeded in obtain ing from the committee of the Ballarat East Pub lic Library, the use of a class-room, being that on tbe left side on entering. The regular meetings will therefore shortly commence. | The annual meeting of the Hebrew Philsn- tbropicSodety wssheldonWednesdsy, when there was a Urge attendance. The report showed that tbe society had been extending its operations daring tbe year, a sum of over £96 hiving been collected, out of which £66 bad been disbursed for charitable purposes. The following officers were re-elected: — Mrs Steinfeld, president; Mrs Cohen, treasurer; Mrs Ackmsn, secretary; Dr Hillas, medical officer. Tbe ladies who compose the association are confident of securing even greater success daring the coming twelve months, especially ss they hare a balance of £33 to start with. Three young fowl-stealers were brought up at the District Police Court yesterday. After having been duly warned against repeating the offence, they were each sentenced to a few hours' im prisonment. If the town surveyor he not too fond of the picturesque he will lose no .time in filling np the 1 deep ravines and other pretty bnt rather incon venient excavations wrought by the late rains in many- of our footpaths, hut more particularly in Start street, between Dovetou and Dawson streets. Here one may now admire the works of nature, but he may sprain his ankle immediately after wards if he dp not take the very nicest care. Perhaps the correspondent srfao Sent us a notice of the'temperance story, " Emily Graham, " will be good enough to forward the work itself, for onr own perusal.. We are not in the habit of taking other people's judgments for gospel. In tbe District Police Court yesterday Robert Gordon, a man well bat unfavorably known to the police, was sentenced to twelve months' im prisonment as a vagrant, suspected of being about to commit a felony, and committed for trial on a charge of "breaking into Mr Wright's boot shop in Armstrong street. The Buninyong ploughing match committee held a final meeting - on the 31st May at the Racecourse hotel. There was a large attendance of members of committee. The prize list wjth rales was finally adopted, and tbe secretary was instructed to advertise the same in tbe Star dud Courier newspapers, also, in the weekly Miner. The necessary sub- committees were formed. The arranging of the banquet was left in the bands of the secretary. He was alto instructed to invite the local hoard and members of Parliament for the district, also representatives from tbe press. The secretary was also instructed to write letter to the Baogaree Read Board and ask-s donation in aid of tbe funda of the com mittee, Red rosea are to be procured for the judges, and white roses for the members of com mittee. The amount in cash and valuable articles to be given away as prizes exceeds £40. At a committee meeting, held in the Western Town Hull yesterday afternoon, several accounts- re the Main Daylesford Road via Feilmongers, Were" passed - fer payment, and it was arranged that the committee "sbonld visit tbe road next Monday with a view of deciding npoo a site for a toligate. Thomas .M'iherney, a lad seventeen years of age, "was -arrested late on 'Wednesday night by Geoior-constable Kilfeddar on a charge of com mitting a "rape on the person of Aim Eliza Schewder, at But Coilingwood, on the 19th of January last. He will be brought up at the Eastern Police Oourt this morning. In Forsyth and AHwma r Windmiller, heard in theBupfeme Gonrton Wedoraday, the question, was as to the validity of » bill of sale which Wind-, miller held over the property of the Prince Consort .Mining CompfeYillto of., which property be had told; and a verdict was returned for plaintiff for £359 10s 3d, subject to the decision of the full court aato the validity of toe bill. Since onr last issue two Urge panes of plate glasa in the windows of tbe undermined Natiooai betel have succumbed to tbe pressure df the steadily subsiding walls, and tbe whole building caonot very long stand up. In front of the fruit eta op close to the National the footpzthand channel seem to have sunk a little further, as evidenced by tbe pool of water that lingered there yesterday after all the neighboring, and, of course higher, ground had dried np. We noted with satisfac tion that the resides! e bad at length left the doomed houses, end had gone to live elsewhere. A meeting of the works and finance committees cf the Bungaree Road Board and the Ballarat Borough Council, relative to the main Daylesford road via Dead Horse was held yesterday; the Mayor of Bsllarat in . the chair. There were present Crs Duncan and M'Dowall, and Messrs Rrophy, Forbes, and Walker. The following accounts were passed for payment; — Peterson, £70 Is 8d; Bently and Co„ £274 2s; Tippett and Co., £96 7s; Bently and Co., £29 5s; Peterson, £116 5s; Irwin, £44 Is lid; Morten, clerk of works, £18. It was decided that the committee sbonld visit and inspect the works on Monday next, and alro arrange as to the erection of toll- gates. Tbe meeting then terminated. Tbe dull monotony of tbe County Court pro ceedings were enlivened yesterday by tbe appear ance in the witness box of a plaintiff with a rare denseness of intellect, and for a Hibernian a most unaccountable incapability of utterance. The debt he sought to recover was alleged to be doe by a relative, for whom he had done some fenc ing, but beyond knowing that a certain amount was owing to him, he could tell neither bow many days be had wrought nor bow much work he had done. After much apparent thought he informed the court that September followed August; but denied tbe fact of the defendant and wife bring his own relatives, although he admitted that he was theirs. When the defendant, however, went iota the witness box a totally different light was given to the case, the plaintiff having, it appeared, been " fed, clothed, aad washed" by tbe charity of the de fendant, and the case was dismissed, tbe defend- jont declining to accept costs. It is notified in onr advertising columns, that on and after the 4th instant tbe issue of Saturday excursion tickets on the Victorian Railways will be resumed A warrant has been issued against Henry Barclay, a well-known mining speculator of Mel bourne, for absconding from bis creditors on the 19 th May. He is supposed to be about Alexan dra, Upper Goulbarn." It is not tbe intention of the Government to in troduce a general amending Shires Bill this session. Fro vision will be made, however, to remedy de fective clauses in tbe present measure, such as those referring to the forming of a quorum for business and the administration of moneys. The following important memo, has been sent by tbe Assistant-Commissioner of Lands and Survey to Mr Griffin, the contract surveyor at Portftod; — "You will inform the district sur veyor when such documents (plans) were eo for warded to applicant's address, and on what date tbey would be delivered by post, and should an applicant fail to deposit with the land officer the plan end application within a period of eight days after that date, the land would be open to other persons to apply for it." This order (says tbe Herald) will at once pot a stop to existing or prospective dummies. Tbe case of Cannam v Bdulton, an action to recover an account alleged to be due for services rendered, hire of crodkery, breakages, &c.;, in connection with tbe volunteer breakfast and dinner on the 9th of November last, occupied the attention of the Connty Court yesterday for over four honra. The dispute was principally in regard to the number of breakages, for which £32 odd wss charged. Some eight or nine witnesses were called for the defendant, who all more or less contradicted tbe evidence of tbe plaintiff and bis witness. The plaintiff, too, had sent in several scconnts, aU for different amounts, and his Honor thought that an item of £75 odd which had been published in tbe balance-sheet of the review com mittee "bad supplied him with the cue to increase the amount of his charges. Judgment wbe accor dingly given for the defendant, with costs. A Chinaman named Ah Pow was arrested yesterday and lodged in the Eastern lock-up, charged with stealing fowls to the Talne of 17s 6d from Ah Sam, There appears (says the Bendigo Advertiser) to be something rotten in the state of the Sandhurst churches, as tbey are rapidly tumbling to pieces. It is well known that St. Milan's is not in toe best condition, while Ail Saints is so bad that the incumbent does not care to risk his life In it any longer, and lately the gables of 'the Presbyterian Church have given such signs of tumbling down, and thereby producing a general coiUpse, that steps are at once to be taken to make them secure by props. These will only be a make-shift, and tbe congregation will probably have to discuss at an early date the necessity for thoroughly repair ing the church, or else- building a new one, which probably will be the cheapest course in the end. It is singular that the churches erected in toe early days cf Bendigo should thus be tumbling to pieces, and it certainly is no credit to toe archi tects or builders, considering how expensive toe buildings were. The stone employed has no daabt had somettag to do with this decay. One of the Wieland Brothers, well known as acrobats (says tbe Geelatig Advertiser) t was brought before the city magistrates in Melbourne on Wednesday, by Sergeant Perry, under the following circumstances. The sergeant stated tbat for two hours he had observed the man standing in the centre of Sourke street, and as he never moved, fie at last went up aid spoke to him, asking what he was waiting for. To this he solemnly replied that be 'was waiting to receive the wrath of God, which he expected would burst on bis devoted beto in toe shape of & thunderbolt. A it was evident toe prisoner was suffering from delirium tremens, he wes remanded for seven days for medical enquiry. It appears (remarks toe Geelong Advertiser ) that the donation of £1000 made to toe Melbourne Hospitat under toe will of toe late Mr James Jackmsn, and paid over a few days ago, was be queathed seventeen years ago, and that both of the first executors of toe will are dead! The Hospital Committee are now making enquiries sb to whether they are not entitled to interest on the principal sum. The hares placed oh the -station of Mr De Pass, at .Spring Plains, near Heatiicote, about fifteen months ago, have, Yt seems, Tbecome tborongbly acclimatised, and are now' to be seen about on all parts of the ran. A lad named Frank MTotosb was charged, says the Daily Telegraph, at the instance of tbe Mel bourne and Hobson's Bsy'United Railway Com pany, with having thrown a stone at a railway carriage. The charge was found proven, and he was sent to gaol for fourteen days, and ordered to pay 30s costs, with an alternative of ten davs' more imprisonment. A second charge against tbe same boy for damaging a carriage resulted in his bring fined 40s, with 30s costs, or in default twenty-one days' imprisonment. In toe London Times ot the 19th March appears a communication from an American corres- pondent, in which toe following passage is to be found :— " A stir has been caused at New York by a renewal of toe cry cf pauper immigration. The Commissioners of Immigration at New York met this week, and a letter was read from the State department calling their attention to tbe fact that the English Government intend dispos ing of the surplus vagabonds and paupers of London by shipping them to the United States. The Assistant Secretary of State signed toe letter, and in pursuance of ite recommendations the commissioners hare requested Mr Motley to make proper representations on the snbject to toe English Government." - At the monthly meeting of toe Victorian Medical Society, Professor Hslford read a paper in reply to some severe remarks that appeared in the Lancet, relative to the ia jection of ammonia in cases of snake bites. Ont of twenty esses so treated only three patients had died. A discus sion followed, in which it was generally considered tbat Dr Halford, by initiating and familiarising the dixect introduction of ammonia into toe veins, and making it known as a remedy in snake-poison ing, had conferred a boon on humanity. The Professor was awarded a vote- of thanks, toe mover of which said be considered that in recapi tulating and reviewing toe whole cf his past work Dr Halford had most amply refuted toe asper sions cast upon him. A preliminary meeting of gentlemen interested in the establishment of toe proposed Manufac turers' and Producers' Intercolonial Exhibition waa he'd on Wednesday afternoon at 74 Temple eonrt, Mr H.TT. Alcack in the chair. Mr J. G. Knight, the projector (remarks toe Argus) sub mitted a prospectus of the undertaking, which . was approved, and ordered to be printed for general .circulation. . It was "decided that toe exhibition should be, ' if practicable, of a some what permanent kind, and .that the trustees of toe Public Library should fas asked to grant the use df toe unoccupied .portion of toe reserve facing Russell street for a period of three yesra, or such other time as it uught'remaiu unrequired for their own purposes. Several names were enrolled si guarantors each .for £100, and toe projector does not anticipate that any difficulty will be ..experienced -in. .obtaining i the required subscription list of £6000. . 1 The intention of the Minister of Lauds to grant toe fee-mmpte of ground held under toe 42nd clause of tbe Amending Land ' Act 1865 (the Pleasant Creek News states) will be taken very general advantage of in that district. The Argus thus summarises toe proceedings in Parliament on Wednesday: — The Legislative Assembly was occupied during toe whole_ of the sitting, which did not conclude nntil midnight, io discussing a motion by Mr . Fellows for the ap pointment of a board to enquire into the circum stances connected with the removal of Messrs Christy and Honghton from tbe Government ser vice. It will be remembered that some time since a board was appointed to enquire into toe condition and management of the Wiiliamstown workshops. The report brought up by the board was most damaging to Messrs Christy and Hongh ton, and tbe evidence upon which it was founded was more damaging stilL. Mr LoDgmore acted upon this report, but scted timidly. He appears to have shrank from assuming the full responsi-. bility of his position, and. instead of dismissing Messrs Christy and Honghton on toe ground Of incompetency, be permitted them to with draw, stating, at toe same time, tbat there was no reflection on tbrir moral or pro fessional character. This is now made a handle of. It is contended that the action taken by Mr Long more was improper and nnjast, and" that if he had discharged them in a straightfor ward manner they conld have demanded a board of enquiry, last night the House seemed fnclioed to grant toe board asked for, bnt a new difficulty was imported into tbe question by a proposition that the dismissal of Swan, tbe boilermaker, should also be enquired into- This the Govern ment, who had supported Mr Feilows's motion with regard to Messrs Christy and Honghton, re fused to assent to, but promised to take tbe matter into consideration on a future day. Several hon. members, however, refused to leave Swan's case to each a risk, and after a motion for toe adjourn ment of the debate had been negatived, a count- out was obtained, and eo toe matter ended. It is said that the Government will xow appoint a board without any further debate in toe House, but if so, tbey cannot without toe greatest par tiality and injustice refuse to remit Swan's case to it, together with the cases of Messrs Christy and Houghton, for there is no donbt bnt tbat Swan baa bees most unjustly and cruelly treated. Tbe chairman .of toe Meredith Road Board (Mr O'Keefe) seems to be equally unfortunate in toe County Court, as he has been with toe Commis sioner of Roads and Bridges. . According to the Geelong Advertiser, Mr O'Keefe sued a man named Farrelly for £10 7s 8d, on a bill of exchange given in part payment for a broken- down house at Meredith. It appearing by the evidence tbat the defendant was drunk when he- gave toe bill, and did not know what he was doing, a verdict was given in bis favor with heavy casts. Mr Stavely, who appeared for him, brought out all the points in his favor in a manner which, while it amused toe court, con vinced the judge that Farrelly had given toe bill when on a drunken spree. Tbe Melbourne police magistrate (Mr Start) has requested the newspapers to acknowledge the twciyi UL AJ rauu uuui BU yuwics u ttjtutj puc proprietor of that highly respectable establish ment, tbe Canterbury Music Hall, and Mr Austin Saqoi, en equally notorious character on the turf aod off it. Who will say, after this, that there is any man without a conscience? The following telegram from Launceston ap peared in yesterday's Argus : — " Launceston, Wednesday. — At the civil sittings of the Supreme Court, the great scandal case of Archdeacon Reibey v Blotnfield is going on, and causing a great amount of sensation. The Soiicitor-jGeneral, Mr Isaacs, appeared for toe plaintiff, and the Attorney- General, Mr Douglas, for the defendant. There was great excitement in the conrt. The Bishop of Hobart Town was accommodated with a seat on the bench. His Lordship was examined at length respecting conversations he had bad with toe plaintiff. Maay objections were raised by the plaintiff to the evidence in cross-examina tion. The Attorney-General made a fine speech in opening for toe defence, recounting ail toe details of the alleged assaults, which were of a very sensational character. He was cheered at its close, but the applause was immediately sup pressed. Mis Margaret Blomfirid was examined at great length, aod stated that on two occasions, once at Entally and once at her hnsband's resi dence, Stratomore, improper overtures had been made to her by toe archdeacon. The cross- examination of this witness was postponed till ten o'clock toe next day," A meeting of tbe Cabinet was held on Wednes day, to prepare measures to be submitted to toe House during the present session , aod to arrange the order of the Government business. It is un derstood (says toe Age) tost both tbe Iusolrent Law Amendment Bill and toe Waterworks Loan Bill will be introduced on an early day, toe former measure probably in the Upper House, as soon as the Scab Bill is cut of the way. Surprise has been expressed io Melbourne tbat the grave of toe late Mr J. P. Fawkner, in toe Melbourne -Cemetery, has neither stone upon it nor fence around it. This (says the Geelong' Advertiser) is disgraceful. Mr Fawkner was a man of such public spirit, and his good deedB to society were eo many, privately and pnblicly, tbat his last resting-place sbonld not be left with out a monument. The closing chapter io toe life of Mr Gregory Nicholas, of Fitzroy— an old colonist, who had accumulated considerable property, but who was not much known beyond the circle of his owo friends — is possessed of moretbau psssioginterest. His aged partner in life was to be burial yester day, bnt the funeral was postponed in consequence of his own death, which took place within a few hours cf the time named for removing the remains of his wife to the cemetery; and yesterday the aged couple, wbo upwards of fifty years ago pledged their vows, were together conveyed to their last resting-place. Messrs Bainer aod Rose's panorama would seem to be coming into greater favor with every successive repetition, last night's attendance being perhaps the best that has yet been. The different views were as usual received by toe. audience with much favor, and toe mechanical ingenuity apparent in the representation of toe Kearsage aod Alabama engagement, and Abraham Lin coln's funeral were appreciated to as large a degree. The panorama will be on view for two nights more. 