ACTING GOVERNOR—His Excellency's • proposed visit to Adelaide will probably necessitate the swearing in of an Administrator: Becent despatches are understood to dispense with this necessity in cases-: where the'. Governor's absence does exceed 14 days ; and consequently full salary can be drawn by a Governor absent on leave. In New Zealand consequent on the withdrawal of Imperial Troops, a dormant commission has been issued appointing the Chief Justice for the time being to administer the Government in the event of the death, absence, or incapacity of the Governor. We have not heard that this provision has been extended to Tasmania. Consequently, under his Excellency's Commission Captain Warren would succeed in any snch emergency, as the senior military officer in the colony. It isj however, competent for the Major- General commanding the forces in Australia, who is still in Melbourne, to despatchan officer or higher rant to this n>in colony Milnnv for this special snecial purpose, nnmnno as » was tx~,„ done /)„„„ when Colonel Trevor -was ordered here to succeed Colonel Gore Brown' as interim Governor, until Mr DnCane's arrival. Or, the Acting Governor may, if he pleases, visit Tasmania for the express purpose of assuming the administration should such a. necessity supervene. FRIENDLT SOCIETIES MEETING.—Last evening a large and influential meeting was held in the Victoria Tent Room, Macqnarie street, of repre- sentatives from the various Friendly Societies of Hobart Town to take into consideration the Draft Bill of the proposed amendment' to the "Friendly Societies Act" Mr Bothwell was called to the chair, .and after explaining the objects of the meeting called upon those present to express their views upon the Draft Bill, Several resolutions were unanimously carried, and after a vote of thanks to the chairman the meeting separated at a late hour. TASMANIAN POULTRY SOCIETY.—The Annual Meeting of the membets of the Tasmanian Poultry Society was held last night at the Bock Hotel. Mi J.W. Perry was in the chair. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The hono • rary Secretary,1Mr C.F.B.C. Hardinge, presented his reportjonthe last-show of the society and his accounts for the past year. The latter^showed that after paying all accounts against the society there was a balance on hand of £6 Is. The present officers of the society were re-elected, His Excellency the Governor being the Patron, On the motion of Mr Walton,, seconded by Mr Allen, the fee for membership was raised from 5s to 10s. A ballot was then taken for a committee, and the following gentlemen were elected to cany ont the business of the' Society for the ensuing year.—Messrs L. Reynolds, Wm. Walton, R; Bilton, A. Swan, Wm. Periy, W. E- I<ewis. John Howe, Josh. Moore, P. Allen, J. F. Hutchinson, John Wilmott, and W. Aldred. After some pro forma business, the meeting closed. THE PLATE ROBBERY AT SIB F. SMITH'S.—The Police Court, after being occupied for two days in the investigation of the charges against Mr and Mrs O'Bierne for being concerned as receivers in the plate robbery at Sir F. Smith's, yesterday committed all the accused Tor trial. The females were allowed bail in two securities each of £250. The Stipendiary Magistrate refused bail for Mr O'Bierne. NEW NORFOLK—On Sunday next, 11th September, a series of special services will commence at the Wesleyan Church, New Norfolk, to be continued during every evening of the following week. These services will be conducted by the Bevd T. F. Bird, assisted by other ministers and laymen. They will consist of sermons, exhortations, and prayers. Each of the week night meetings will commence at 7 p.m. and end at 9 p,m. BETSBATTE-STKEET LITERABT ASSOCIATION.—The above association will meet this evening in the school room, when a paper will be read by a lady, on the manners and customsiofjthe Chinesee. Visitors are invited free of charge. ANCIENT ORDER OP FORESTERS.—At the quarterly meeting of the Ancient Order of Foresters Court " Pride of Tasmania'' No 2490, held on Tuesday evening last, the court presented Brother P.C.fi Walter Walworth with a Past Chief Banger's Medal as a mark of respect for his services while in the chair, prior to leaving this colony for Victoria. The medal which is an eight pointed star of silver with the Foresters Arms in gold, glazed in the centre, bears on its obverse the inscription "Presented to Brother Past Chief Ranger Walworth as a mark of respect by Court Pride of Tasmania. No 2490." Mr Walworth who was one of the founders of this court in Hobart Town was escorted to the steamer by nearly, the whole strength of the Order in town who warmly expressed their good wishes for his future prosperity in his new scene of enterprise and usefulness. NUISANCES.—Our citizens had better talce caution by oar report of the Mayor's Court in this day's issne. Tbey must be more careful as to allowing water to flow over their footpaths, although it may be no fault of tbeir's and arise from the natural lay of the land and the default of the corporation in pro- Tiding a proper system of draining for the city. Industrious men and the promotersof local industries must also be carefnl that they do not infringe the city bye laws as to having accumulations of manure on their:premises. No doubt it is necessary on the part of the municipal authorities to preserve the sanitary condition of our little city intact, but there is no doubt that attimeB the city bye laws act too severely and tend to cripple trade. BURIAL or. A DANISH SEAMAN.—A Danish seaman, aged 27, named Samuel Longuest, who came to this colony in the Runnymede, and died recently in the General Hospital of lung disease, was buried on Monday last with circumstances of ceremony somewhat nnusualin similar cases. The coffin, borne by fonr seamen, was covered by the Danish Ensign, and followed by Mr Hedberg and his sons, some other gentlemenconnected with the shippinginterest^everal seamen of ships in port,and several male German immigrants.- The funeral was conducted by the Rev. Tice Gellibrand, Vicar of St David's Cathedral Church, by whom the deceased had been attended since his removal'to the Hospital- Mr Gellibrand, some time ago, acquainted Mr Hedberg that one of his countrymen was lying ill at the Hospital—a stranger in a strange land—^-and that gentleman immediately visit* ei his unfortunate compatriot, and has ministered almost.daily ^--personally or by the agency of some member of hie family—during the whole time of his long illness. The funeral was provided at Mr Hedberg's charge and Mr Gellibrand remitted the cuslomary burial fees. The deceased, who besides Mr Gellibrand's pastoral ministrations, was regularly visited by Mr Mather and one of his sons, is described to us as a fine handsome specimen of the stalwart Danish seaman "and as having happily profited by these opportunities of religious instruction, ana dying with the full pnrsaasion of the saving efficacy of Gospel Truth. 