SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The session is at an end. The closing scene took place yesterday, when His Excellency Viscount Canterbury pro- rogued Parliament until the 1st of Sep- tember. It will not, however, be con- vened until about the middle or end of October. The session which will be then commenced will of necessity be a short one, as the present Legislative As- sembly expires by effluxion of time in the second week in March next. The principal object for which the exist- ing Parliament will be again called together is the passing of the Esti- mates for the first six months of 1871 before the conclusion of this year. For many years past it has been a scandal that, although there has been an overflowing Treasury, yet for the first two months of the year the Civil servants and all other public creditors have had to go unpaid because the Assembly has not had time to con- sider the Estimates. This it is intended to avoid for the future. If an Appro- priation Bill for the first half of next year be passed before the end of the current twelvemonths, the commence- ment of the financial year will be changed from the 1st of January to the 1st of July, and there will then be no difficulty in always providing in time for the expenses of the state, so that those who have claims against the Government may have them liqui- dated as they fall due, instead of hav- ing to wait months for payment, to their serious loss and inconvenience. But a few days since the gravest fears were entertained that, instead of the session coming to a peaceable con- clusion, the colony would be plunged into all the embarrassments of a dead- lock between the two Houses on the subject of the Appropriation Bill. The Hon. J. M. Grant, the Minister for Lands in the two former M'Culloch Administrations, resigned his seat in the Assembly, and almost immediately afterwards Supplementary Estimates were presented to the House including a vote of £7,000 for the family of that gentle- man. Mr. Grant's best friends felt that a great mistake had been made, and it soon became known that the Legislative Council would refuse to pass the Appro- priation Bill with such an item included in it. A most disastrous crisis appeared to be imminent, and the position was viewed with the gravest apprehension. The calamitous results of the deadlock on the subject of the Darling grant were too fresh in people's minds to allow them to lightly regard the difficulty, but, happily, the way was cleared by the generous conduct of Mr. Grant him- self. He wrote to Sir James M'Culloch, and, referring to the probability of a conflict between the two Chambers, de- clined to accept the proposed gratuity, as he would not allow himself to be made the occasion of a difficulty the results of which would be so deplorable, and which would be so painfully felt by the Civil servants and other public creditors. This action of Mr. Grant has immensely raised him in the estimation of the public, and there is no probability of his being a loser, even in a pecuniary sense. Im- mediately on his letter being read in the Assembly an influential committee was organised for the purpose of getting up a national subscription for him, and within 48 hours the handsome sum of £1,100 was raised. It is anticipated that the sub- scription will ultimately amount to £10,000. The business transacted in Parlia- ment during the last month pre- sents, with but one exception, no feature of interest to English readers. The one exception is the abolition of state aid to religion. By the Constitu- tion Act £50,000 a-year was set aside for religious purposes, and this has been divided amongst the religious bodies in proportion – so far as could be ascertained – to their several num- ber of adherents. Great objection, however, was taken to the grant almost from its very initiation. The large majority of the population of the colony is in favour of the voluntary principle, and repeated attempts have been made to procure the abolition of state aid altogether. These attempts, however, have been always frustrated by the persistent opposition of the Legis- lative Council, the members of that body being apparently impressed with the idea that the continuance of the grant was necessary to the maintenance of reli- gious ordinances in the country districts. At last, however, a very fair compro- mise has been arrived at. The grant is to be continued in its entirety until the end of 1875, then abolished, and the whole of the lands used for church purposes unconditionally handed over to the religious bodies in whose occupa- tion they now are. A bill to carry out these purposes has passed both Houses of the Legislature, and, in accordance with the Constitution Act, has been re- served for the expression of Her Ma- jesty's pleasure thereon. The whole matter, however, is regarded as abso- lutely settled, since it is not at all likely that Her Majesty will be advised to refuse her assent to such a measure. An Intercolonial Conference, attended by delegates from New South Wales, South Australia, Tasmania, and Vic- toria, has been sitting in Melbourne during the month. From the report showing the result of their labours which is given elsewhere it will be seen that one of the great objects which it was hoped to bring about, viz. a Customs Union between the several colonies, has not been accomplished. New South Wales would only enter into such a union on condition that it was based upon the enlightened policy of free trade, whilst Victoria re- fused to give up the "discriminating duties," as the protective imposts now collected are politely termed. The Con- ference, however, will not be altogether unproductive of good results. The dele- gates resolved to recommend to their respective Governments reduced charges for the transmission of intercolonial tele- grams, a uniform sea-going intercolonial postage rate of 3d., and also such a uniformity of colonial law as shall facilitate the apprehension and punish- ment of absconding debtors and other persons guilty of misdemeanours. During the recess several highly im- portant matters will be dealt with, with the view of initiating legislation upon them at the commencement of next session. Royal Commissions will be issued to inquire into the state of the public service, the working of our charitable institutions, and the condi- tion and management of the penal establishments, with a view of utilising convict labour and making those insti- tutions more self-supporting than at pre- sent. Commissions will also be ap- pointed to continue deliberations which have already been commenced by select committees of the Legislative Assembly on the important subjects of Federation and intercolonial legislation. The revenue returns for the first six months of the present year, although not up to the estimate formed by the Treasurer, are perhaps quite as good as could have been anticipated, considering the depressed condition of business which has prevailed for some months past. The revenue for the half-year ending 30th June amounted to £1,446,131 0s. 4d., as against £1,454,252 18s. during the corre- sponding period of last year, making a decrease for the half-year of £8,121 17s. 8d. This is due to the large decrease during the last quarter, which amounted to £41,254 11s. 2d., a deficiency that, after absorb- ing the increase of the former quarter, left the net decrease above stated for the half-year. The total revenue for the last quarter was £750,617 10s. 7d., against £797,872 1s. 9d. in the corre- sponding quarter of 1869. The head of Customs shows a total return of £328,414 13s., and a decrease of £28,770 1s. 7d., while under the head of Public Works there is a falling off of £10,999 1s. 11d., mainly due to the decrease of £10,426 16s. l0d. in the railway income. SOCIAL. Attention has again been called to the man- ner in which some of the works connected with the supply of water to the country dis- tricts have been constructed. It seems that the leak discovered about a month ago in the Stony Creek reservoir has only been stopped by partially filling up a tunnel connected with it, at a cost of £1,500 ; and a leak has now been discovered in the Malmsbury reser- voir, which has made it necessary to run off some of the water. The Minister of Mines, who was questioned on the subject in the Legislative Assembly shortly before the pro- rogation of Parliament, treated the matter as one of slight importance, saying that the leaks were not of a serious character, nor likely to endanger the safety of the embank- ments. Defects of this nature, however, no matter how trifling they may be, naturally produce distrust in the public mind, and the Government have announced their intention of causing an immediate and rigid investiga- tion to be made into the condition of these works. The works in connexion with the Graving Dock at Williamstown, which have remained at a standstill for two months, are now to be resumed. They were suspended, it will be remembered, in consequence of a strike amongst the workmen, who demanded that their hours of work should be reduced from 10 to eight hours, the period now fixed by Government regulation as a day's labour on all public works. The contractors refused to reduce the hours of labour without making a corresponding reduction in the rate of wages, and the men accordingly struck. As the re- gulation in question was made subse- quently to the commencement of this work, the contractors asked to be re- lieved from their obligations ; but this the Government refused to do, alleging that if the contractors chose to employ men by the hour instead of by the day they could obtain labour at practically the same rates as formerly. The Legislative Assembly was appealed to, but a majority decided in favour of the Government, who will enforce the contract. To enable them to do so, it has been necessary to pass a bill to confer upon the acting inspector-general the powers possessed in such matters by the inspector- general, who at the present time is absent from the colony on leave. The construction of the North-Eastern Rail- way is going on satisfactorily, and a large number of men are now employed on the works. The ceremony of turning the first sod was performed by the Commissioner of Railways on the 20th June, and since then the contractors have been busily engaged in pushing on the works. The necessary offices for the staff of the contractors are built at the Melbourne end of the first section, which is light work, and will be completed, according to the present anticipations of the contractors, in about five months. The ridiculous assertions of the opponents of immigration, that if more working men come here from the mother country they will find that they have brought their labour to an already overstocked market, are every day receiving refutation. For example, it has been brought into public notice that the miners employed on the works of the United Miners' Company, Harrietville, in the Bright district, have struck work because the com- pany would not raise their wages from £2 10s. to £3 per week, and the opera- tions of the mine have been suspended because men cannot be obtained for less. Again, a petition has been laid before the Legislative Assembly from one of the district road boards (Gisborne), stating that in agri- cultural districts the want of suitable farm labourers is very much felt, and praying that the House will see the necessity of continuing assisted immigration to agricultural labourers until the wants of the country districts are met. Further, at a meeting of the North Ovens Shire Council, Mr. H. S. Parfitt, the presi- dent, who is a large employer of labour, stated that in that district, also, good agricultural labourers were not to be had, and for those he employed he had to pay at the rate of 25s. per week, with board and lodg- ing included. Although it is a well un- derstood thing that in the winter build- ing operations are not carried on so vigorously as in the dry season, labour has not been superabundant enough to reduce the rates of wages. Facts of a gratifying nature, as showing the progress of instruction in this colony, are con- tained in the annual report of the Board of Education, which has been presented to Par- liament during the present month. There are 828 schools, attended by 105,424 chil- dren, under the supervision of the board. Adding to this number those who are being privately educated, and the inmates of our reformatories, &c.; a total is arrived at of 130,172 children receiving instruction, being 18.60 per cent. of the population, or one out of 5.38. Taking, however, the number of children in the colony between the school ages of 5 and 15, it appears that 110,185 out of 175,717, or about two out of every three, are being taught. Referring to the statistics for 1867, it is found that in two years the per-centage of children of school age attend- ing school has increased 1214. The educa- tional wants of the pastoral and rural districts have been receiving special atten- tion. Twenty rural and half-time schools were opened in 1869, with an aggregate of 600 scholars, and the inspectors state that not more than 13 or 14 additional schools are required in order to extend the advantages of education to every hamlet, village, and township in Victoria. The immigrant ship Corona, from London, has arrived at Melbourne in safety, bringing 442 passengers, a number of whom came out under the warrant system, the remainder being Government immigrants. During the voyage, five births and three deaths occurred. The passengers have all arrived in excellent health. The appearance of Mr. Disraeli's new novel, Lothair, has been looked forward to with much interest, and it is announced that the work is to be published in The Australasian, the proprietors of that paper having purchased the exclusive right of publication in Aus- tralia. Captain Noel Osborn, R.N., the agent of the British-Australian Telegraph Company, during the sitting of the Intercolonial Con- ference in Melbourne, laid before the repre- sentatives of Tasmania a scheme for establish- ing telegraphic communication between Tas- mania and New Zealand, by means of a sub- marine cable. The representatives of Tas- mania have promised their hearty co-opera- tion in the scheme, and Captain Osborn has gone to New Zealand to lay his proposals before the Government of that colony. Increased attention is being directed in this colony to the Fiji Islands, and several old resi- dents of Melbourne, including Mr. J. S. But- ters, formerly mayor of the city, have proceeded there. Opinion is undivided here as to the advisability of Great Britain taking these islands under the protection of her flag, and the Intercolonial Conference which has just concluded its sittings in Melbourne has una- nimously adopted a recommendation to the home Government to this effect. It is a cir- cumstance worthy of note that the Russian corvette Bazarin, which has visited during the last few months the ports of Adelaide, Sydney, and Hobart Town, has taken her departure during the last few days for Fiji. From the annual report of the President of the Board of Land and Works recently pre- sented to Parliament, it is shown that, while there has been a decrease in the returns for the first half of this year, the gross revenue received from the Government railways during the year 1869 amounted to £617,569, or £36,166 more than the gross re- venue for 1868, while the working expenses were £30,000 less, or £253,344. The net re- venue amounted to £364,225. or 4.20 per cent. upon the debenture capital, being an increase of ¾ per cent. on the per centage of 1868, which waa 3.46. Changes of importance have recently been made in the organisation of the Melbourne Public Library department, which is now divided into several distinct branches. First, there is the Public Library itself ; secondly, the National Museum, which is located at the University, and is under the control of Pro- fessor McCoy : thirdly, the National Gallery, of which M. Eugen Von Guerard is the head ; and fourthly, the Technological Museum, of which Mr. J. Cosmo Newbery, with whom is associated Mr. H. F. Ulrich, is the head. The grand hall is to be the locale of the Techno- logical Museum, and its arrangement is to re- semble that of the Kensington Museum. In the same way the rotunda will become a lecture-room. The trustees are hard at work initiating the new state of things. While the delegates representing the Go- vernment of New South Wales at the Inter- colonial Conference were in Melbourne, they were waited upon by a deputation from the Riverine district, who represented the desir- ablity of the New South Wales Government constructing a railway to connect Deniliquin, a growing town in that colony, with the terminus of the Victorian railway system at Echuca. The representatives of the New South Wales Government, Messrs. Cowper and Samuels, expressed themselves very favourably towards the project, and promised to provide for the construction of the line in question in a bill, containing a comprehensive railway scheme, which the Government were preparing for submission to Parliament next session. Should the Parliament object to the proposed line being made by the Government, an assurance was given that the Ministry would support a bill granting to a private company the land for the railway, and a guarantee of 5 per cent. per annum upon the capital in- vested. Deniliquin is distant from the Vic- torian border about 50 miles. Active steps are being taken by the South Australian Government for the commence- ment of the transcontinental telegraph line to Port Darwin, and contracts for its con- struction, in two sections, have been accepted. Large quantities of wire have already been purchased in Melbourne, and a very exten- sive order has been telegraphed to England for a further supply. Notwithstanding these preparations, however, the New South Wales and Queensland Governments have not re- linquished their intention of persevering with the Northern line. During the time the Macpherson Adminis- tration was in power, it was represented in the Upper House by the Hon. C. J. Jenner, who, however, held no portfolio. Just before Mr. Macpherson and his colleagues resigned, they determined to present Mr. Jenner with some testimonial expressive of their apprecia- tion of the manner in which he had performed the honorary though important duties de- volving upon him. This determination has been carried into effect by the presentation to Mr. Jenner of a handsome silver centre- piece, bearing the following inscription :– "Pre- sented by the members of the Macpherson Ministry to their colleague, the Hon. C. J. Jenner, in recognition of his services as repre- sentative of the Government in the Legisla- tive Council. 1870." The subscriptions obtained in Melbourne and Sydney for the Faraday Memorial Fund amount to a little over £100. The greater portion of this sum was forwarded to London by the last mail. Concerning acclimatisation, it is worth mentioning that the endeavours made some 16 months ago by the Victorian Acclimatisation Society to introduce the brown trout into our streams from Tasmania, where these fish, pro- pagated from ova brought from Great Britain, have thriven for some years, have been sig- nally successful. The other day a trout, 10in. in length and 5½in. in girth, was caught in Mr. W. Robertson's mill-dam under Mount Macedon, and forwarded to Dr. T. Black, pre- sident of the society. "With rare excep- tions," wrote Mr. Robertson in forwarding the fish, " I never hooked a better fish, and I have fished in almost every stream from the Forth to the Tweed." With regard to the silkworm, an interesting letter has been re- ceived by the society from Mr. Francis Cobb, hon. secretary to the Silk Supply Associa- tion of London, in which that gentleman states that, in their report, they recognise 30,000 square miles as available for silk culture in Victoria. Mr. Cobb also recom- mended the society to allow the association in London to send them a supply of the best breeds of worms procurable, and the neces- sary steps are to be taken to do this at once. The movement in favour of schools of design is still spreading. Institutions of the sort have existed in Melbourne and most of the suburbs for some considerable time, and one has been recently established at South Yarra, while another is projected at Footscray. Neighbouring colonies, too, are likely to take up the movement so success- fully inaugurated here. Influential persons in Sydney are already seeking for informa- tion concerning the organisation of these schools, with the intention of forming one in their city, and an institution of this kind has for some time existed in Albury. The Old Colonists' Association has made progress since its establishment a year ago, and it now numbers 265 members. From the report and financial statement submitted at the annual meeting, held on the 1st July, it appears that there already exists a per- manent fund, amounting to £175, which has been placed in the bank at in- terest, besides a cash balance of £222. On the same day the foundation-stone of two semi-detached cottages – the first instalment of the " home" for "necessitous old colonists, " to be erected on the site granted by the Go- vernment on the banks of the Merri Creek, adjacent to the Northcote-bridge – was laid by Judge Pohlman, the president of the associa- tion. One of the cottages, to be called the "Founder's Cottage," will be erected at the expense of Mr. G. Coppin. The annual din- ner, which was held on the 6th July, was a very successful affair, about 70 members being present. It has been proposed to convert the Yan Yean tramway into a railway, and plans of the work have been laid before the Commis- sioner for Public Works for his inspection by the promoters of the scheme. It is contem- plated to form a public company to work the line, provided a lease can be obtained from the Government on favourable terms. The promoters intend, if they are successful in the first instance, to carry the line on ulti- mately to Wood's Point. Steps have been taken both here and in the neighbouring colony of New South Wales to raise funds for the purchase of an annuity for the widow of the late Hon. J. H. Plunkett, who was Attorney- General of New South Wales both before and after the separation of Victoria from that colony. At a preliminary meeting held in Melbourne, the Chief Justice presiding, a committee was appointed to collect subscrip- tions, and £100 was subscribed in the room. In Sydney, a sum of £400 has already been raised. The annual conversazione of the Royal Society of Victoria took place on the 8th July. The president (Mr. Ellery) deli- vered his address, which dealt with the various scientific subjects that had come under notice during the past year, and re- viewed the progress which had been made in botanical, astronomical, and meteoro- logical science. Remarks were made, in con- nexion with astronomy, upon the work done at the Melbourne Observatory, and more particularly upon the great telescope, which was regarded by the president as being as perfect an instrument as any of its kind. A second series of lectures in aid of the funds of the Early-Closing Association, which has accomplished during the last year or two a good deal in reducing the working hours of those employed in the shops of Melbourne, has been commenced. Professor M'Coy gave the first lecture, and he is to be followed by the Rev. Dr. Bromby, the Hon. C. G. Duffy, the Hon. H. J. Wrixon (Solicitor-General), and others. The professor's lecture was a sequel to the one given by him during the first course, the subject being "The Plan of Creation." The arguments of the lecturer were principally directed against the theory of progressive development. Mr. A.M. Scott, a settler in the Rockhamp- ton distrcot, Queensland, has stated his inten- tion of proceeding overland to the Darling River, and placing himself in communication with the natives on his way, with the object of ascertaining, if possible, the fate of the ex- plorer Leichhardt. Mr. Scott is of opinion that nothing will ever be known of Leich- hardt's fate except through the blacks. In Mr. Scott's belief, Leichhardt and his com- panions perished by flood, and this belief is strengthened by the personal knowledge which that gentleman has acquired of Cooper's Creek and the surrounding country. There is too much reason to fear that the chief mate of the ship Kirkwood, the third mate, three of the crew, and a boy, who went sailing a few days ago in the bay, have been lost. The party left the railway pier on Sun- day, 10th July, in one of the ship's boats, to go to St. Kilda ; and although several boats went out in quest of the missing men, nothing was heard of them until the 14th, when the body of the mate was picked up by the captain of the steamer Challenge some dis- tance down the bay. The others have no doubt perished also. The Supreme Court has given its decision on the points reserved in favour of Thomas Webb Draper, the accountant of the Com- mercial Bank, who was found "Guilty" four or five weeks ago on a charge of defrauding that institution. All the objec- tions were overruled, and Draper's conviction affirmed. The penalty provided by the act for offences of which Draper has been found guilty is three years' imprisonment ; but as there are four counts in the indictment against him, it is a question whether he cannot receive that sentence upon each count. A brutal murder has been committed at Hotham, by a fisherman named Patrick Smith, who beat his wife to death with the handle of a broken saucepan in the most cruel and barbarous manner. The murderer, who was an intemperate man, gave himself up to the police shortly after the commission of the crime, and has been committed for trial. Another terrible death has occurred on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway. A few days ago the body of Mr. T. B. Smith, a mining agent, was found lying, terribly muti- lated, on the track of the railway, having been run over by the train from Melbourne to Windsor. It is supposed that the unfortunate man accidentally got on the line, and was knocked down by the train before he could escape. The probable loss of Captain Wallace, of the schooner Daphne, Mr. David Ashworth, a part owner of the vessel, and four of the crew, has been reported. The Daphne went about three months ago to the Auckland Islands, on a sealing expedition, and on the 19th May Captain Wallace and Mr. Ashworth —the latter being one of the survivors from the wreck of the General Grant—together with a crew of four men, viz. Frank Lein- ster, James Cossar (diver), Joseph Moss, and James Bailey, left the schooner in a whale boat, with the intention of proceeding round the island to the spot where the Gene- ral Grant was wrecked. They took with them a week's provisions and diving appli- ances, their supposed object being the re- covery of the gold lost in the General Grant. After waiting for five weeks without seeing anything of the boat, which was an old one, and quite unable to stand any rough weather, the two men and the boy left in charge of the Daphne resolved to sail for Invercargill, New Zealand, which port they reached on the 1st July. A public meeting was hastily convened at this place to consider what steps should be taken to search for the missing men, and the General Government having telegraphed that they would provide funds to the extent of £200, it was determined, with the concur- rence of the agents of the Daphne, to send her back properly manned and equipped with- out delay. Boyd, one of the three men who returned to Invercargill, stated that while the party were engaged sealing at Port Ross they found five skeletons, which they supposed were those of people from the Invercauld (the second vessel known to have been lost at the islands). During the month a controversy has taken place relative to the average wages earned by tailors in Melbourne. It commenced from a report of a visit paid by the intercolonial delegates to the clothing factory of Messrs. Morrow and Parry, in which it was stated that these manufacturers "employ on an average about 300 workpeople of both sexes, the average earnings being – for women and girls experienced in the work, from 25s. to 30s. per week, and for the men, 50s. to 65s. weekly. The hours of labour are from 9 in the morning to 6 in the evening, the work ceasing on Saturday at 2 p.m." This was challenged by a correspondent " A Journeyman Tailor," who gave it as his opinion "that the tailors of Melbourne, taken as a body, do not average the year round in eight hours per day 35s. per week wages." To ascertain as far as possible the facts of the case, a representative of this paper went to several establishments and gained particulars, amongst which were the following :– In the shops in Collins-street the rate is 1s. per hour, and, according to the log, work- men can earn £3 and over per week. Messrs. Banks Brothers, Bell, and Co.'s factory – Men-tailors, £2 10s. to as high as £3 ; pressers, £2 2s. 6d. (lowest) to £2 18s ; women – coat hands, as high as £2 11s. ; machinists, 17s. 6d. to £1 5s. Messrs. Sargood and Co. – In this establishment a few women make 23s. 6d. per week in shop hours, but the average of female labour is from 15s. to 20s. per week ; men's wages, 40s. per week. Messrs. Edward Warne and Co. – When tailors are employed at wages, the rate is 40s. per week. The next development of the dispute was a meeting of working tailors, who passed a series of resolutions couched in rather heated lan- guage declaring that the wages as given were erroneous and greatly exaggerated, but not stating wbat the actual wages were. One speaker, indeed, said that "the tailors in Melbourne had not, during the last five months, earned on an average £2 or £2 2s. per week." And, lastly, we have a letter sent to this journal, signed by 23 of the employés of Messrs. Morrow and Parry, denouncing the statements made at the tailors' meeting as misrepresentations of the state of the trade. In this position of the case, as there is no real contradiction of the figures as given to our reporter and printed above, they may be taken as a true and exact statement of the wages of working tailors in Melbourne. Some sensation has been caused at Wil- liamstown by an attempt on the part of the landlord of the Old Post-office Hotel, Frederick William Musika by name, to murder a car- penter named James Davis. Musika had made the discovery that his daughter and Davis had been improperly intimate, and on the latter presenting himself at the hotel – for the pur- pose of avowing his desire to marry the girl – the injured parent fired a pistol at him, wounding him in the side, but not seriously. Musika, who was intoxicated when he fired the shot, has been committed for trial. Mr. Robert Wright, J. P., the lessee of the patent slip at Williamstown, died the other day from an apoplectic seizure. The deceased was a native of Morayshire, Scotland, and was about 50 years of age. He arrived in this colony in 1852, and had resided ever since in Williamstown, where he was highly respected for his many sterling and excellent qualities. At the last meeting of the Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company, Geelong, a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. was declared. During the last half-year the profits amounted to £1,701, and the quantity of tweed manufactured was 46,000 yards. This quantity will be now much iucreased, as an extension to the buildings has been made. Two storekeepers, one named O'Keefe, a partner in the firm of Chapman and O'Keefe, at Gordon, and the other named Patrick Dun- lea, of Graytown, have committed suicide. In the first case, the act was the result of drinking habits, but in the other instance no reason can be assigned for the suicide. A piece of brave conduct has been ex- hibited by a boy named Thomas C. O'Connor, son of Mr. O'Connor, Acland-street, St. Kilda. O'Connor and three other lads, named Wilkinson, Lynch, and Watts, got into a small flat-bottomed dingy at the St. Kilda pier, and pushed off for a row along shore. On getting off Hegarty's baths they by some means dropped the oars overboard, and the light craft, being quite unmanageable, drove out seaward with a strong wind. After they had drifted some distance, young O'Connor, who is a capital swimmer, stripped off his clothes, jumped into the water, and swam, towing the boat and its occupants safely back to land. A rather extensive robbery has been effected by a clerk in the Oriental Bank, named W. H. Daniels, who succeeded in appropriating to his own use the sum of £1,010, which had been paid into the bank in two sums as a fixed deposit. He received the money from the depositor, and gave the usual receipt of the bank, but put the cash in his own pocket. Shortly afterwards, he resigned his situation, and took his passage to California under an assumed name, and was to sail the day after his arrest. When arrested, £930 was found in his possession. He has been committed for trial. The proposal submitted to the Tasmanian Government about a month ago, by Captain Audley Coote, on behalf of certain English capitalists, for the construction of a main line of railway in that colony, having been de- clined, he has opened fresh negotiations, which are likely to be concluded satisfactorily. In- stead of a guarantee of 6 per cent. for 30 years, the Government of Tasmania is asked to gua- rantee 5 per cent. interest for 35 years, the profits over 5 per cent. to be divided between the Government and the contractors. The ship Murray, from London, which ar- rived at Adelaide on the 12th July, has brought intelligence of a distressing maritime calamity off the coast of South America. She reports that on the 26th May, in lat. 23°. 40' S., long. 37" 50' W., she came up with the Italian barque Mannin Barbina, bound from Genoa to the River Plate, with 150 pas- sengers. The barque was on fire, and the Murray lowered her boats and attempted a rescue. Two other vessels coming up also rendered assistance, but their combined efforts only succeeded in saving some 30 persons, the great bulk of the passengers and crew perishing by fire or water. The survivors were conveyed to the River Plate by the Adile, one of the vessels present, which happened to be bound for that port. In the Tasmanian law courts a rather re- markable will case has lately been contested. The testator, James Rogers, signed the will on his death-bed, having first been married, late at night, to a domestic servant who had been in his employment. The will is disputed by an English relative, on the ground that the testator was of unsound mind when the instrument was executed. The hearing of the case occupied many days, and judgment was reserved. Seven seamen who left Port Macquarie N.S.W., for Camden Harbour, in an open boat, are supposed to have perished. The body of a sailor has been found near Port Macquarie, and identified as one of the crew, and all hands it is thought are lost. A horse race of 100 miles has taken place at Sydney between Colonel and Barmede, and was won by the former in 10 hours and a half. Barmede was thoroughly beaten after going 80 miles, and went no further. On the opening of the Queensland Parlia- ment the Government were defeated by a majority of six on the address in reply to the Governor's speech. The amondment, which was moved by Mr. Macalister, stated that the Houso had no confidence in a Ministry not introducing a financial scheme encouraging the development of native industry and bring- ing forward a comprehensive railway policy. The Ministry asked the Governor for a disso- lution, with the intention of putting before the country the question of free-trade or pro- tection, and their request has been acceded to. We understand that a new company has been formed to work the factory and woollen mills recently erected at Footscray, and as the company in course of formation will purchase the machinery and complete all the works of the former one, it is expected that by an early date the factory will be in full operation. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. The political situation is, in point of fact, that the M'Culloch Administration have brought the session to a close, and that Par- liament was prorogued yesterday. The pro- ceedings of the month, as a rule, comprise few matters in which our English readers can take any interest ; but nevertheless, there aro some notable exceptions. As will be seen in its place, the question of the aboli- tion of state aid to religion has at last been set at rest in the only possible way – that is, both Houses have agreed to a measure which prolongs the constitutional grant of £50,000 a year to the various deno- minations that will accept of it till 1875, after which it is to be extinct. These are by far the most liberal terms yet offered by the opponents of state aid, who have ever since the new Constitution became law con- tended for instant and total abolition – a pro- position which the Upper House always negatived with the more ease because there can bo no alteration of the Constitution Act except it is passed by a clear majority of both Houses. Repeated failures at last brought about the compromise indicated above, and the measure has now become law. The next important political event has been the sitting of an Intercolonial Conference, whose proceedings are fully described else- where, and of which it is enough to say the chief object sought – viz., a Customs union – has been lost because the Victorian delegates held out for "discriminating duties" –i.e., protection – an idea which was scouted by the representatives of the other colonies. Some good results have been achieved notwithstand- ing, and a kind of basis of future negotiations established. The possibility of another "dead- lock " of our Legislative Chambers has been another important topic of the month. The question upon which the dispute was to turn was a vote of £7,000 to the family of the Hon. J. M. Grant, late Minister of Lands, as a reward for that gentleman's services in con- nexion with the administration of the Land Act. Mr. Grant, it must be understood, has of late been more or less incapacitated for public life, and upon his resignation a few days since of his seat in the Assembly, the Government brought down the vote in the form of an item in the Additional Esti- mates. It soon appeared extremely likely that the Legislative Council would resist such a vote brought up in such a form, and conse- quently throw out the Appropriation Bill, as they did in the case of the famous Darling grant. Fortunately, Mr. Grant himself shrunk from the prospect of such a disaster, and, in a most handsome and manly way, declined to receive the money in the form proposed, and begged his old colleague, Sir James M'Culloch, to withdraw the vote. The Government were not slow to consent to a course which relieved them of so much difficulty, and the same day saw the commencement of a public subscrip- tion, joined in by persons of widely different politics, which promises to reach the full amount of the intended grant. The re- mainder of the month has been spent in dealing with local questions, a few "scenes in the House," and such like. Outside Par- liament there is little stirring in politics, and the faint attempt to excite a reaction of public feeling against assisted immigration, and a movement in favour of increased "protection to native industry," to which we alluded in our last summary, has apparently ceased. STATE AID TO RELIGION. The last account we gave of the bill brought in by the Government to abolish state aid to religion was, that it awaited its final passing through the Assembly, where the almost unanimous acceptation of the measure had this expressed condition, that the present offer to continue state aid for five years more, and then abolish it utterly (the deno- minations at the same time getting almost complete control over their church and school lands), was the very highest that would be made, and that it would never be repeated. The first day Parliament sat this month the bill was passed in the Assembly and sent to the Council, where everyone knew its greatest danger awaited it, for, with one exception, it has been in the Upper House that previous attempts to legis- late in this direction have been defeated. The Council received the bill gravely, and having read it a first time without much comment, allowed a fortnight to elapse before it came up for its second read- ing, when there was a call of the House, There were 20 members present when that call was made, and satisfactory reasons were given for the non- attendance of the few absentees. Mr. A'Beckett, in proposing the second reading, advocated the passing of the bill chiefly on the ground of expediency, and because the supporters of the state-aid princi- ple could not possibly expect better terms than were offered by it. Mr. OShanassy opposed the second reading, arguing that the bill was introduced contrary to the instruc- tions given to the Governor with reference to bills which had to be reserved for the Royal assent. There should, he said, have been two bills introduced on the subject – one for the abolition of state aid, and the other for the settlement of the question of land involved in it. If the Government had capitalised the amount they yet proposed to vote under the bill for the benefit of the denomina- tions concerned, the plan would pro- bably have been more acceptable, and the Government gainers by it. A good number of hon. members spoke on the ques- tion, and on a division there appeared 18 in favour of the second reading, and 7 against. This was a majority of the whole House, which met the requirement that an alteration of the Constitution Act could only be effected by an absolute majority of both Houses. When the bill was in committee next day, an attempt, headed by Mr. O'Sha- nassy, was made to alter the bill in some way, but the phalanx of supporters closed their ranks, refused any amendment, and ulti- mately carried the third reading by a majority of 18 to 4 votes. In this quiet way the object of 14 years' Parliamentary and other agitation has been achieved. THREATENED DEADLOCK. The great probability of the recurrence of a " deadlock" between the two branches of our Legislature has helped to give tone to the month. About eight days since, it was an- nounced in the Assembly by the Speaker that Mr. J. M. Grant had resigned his seat for Avoca. It will be remembered that Mr. Grant was Minister of Lands in the old M'Culloch Go- vernment, and that his administration of the Land Act of 1865, and especially his interpre- tation of the 42nd clause (thereby practi- cally establishing a sort of free selec- tion before survey), raised him to the zenith of Victorian popularity. At the height of this last a" Grant testimonial" was suggested, and the idea was so eagerly received that it seemed as though £10,000 would be raised in a few weeks. His col- leagues, however, induced Mr. Grant to refuse such a testimonial while still at the head of the Lands department ; but when some 12 months later the M 'Culloch Ministry resigned, and circumstances which prevented his re- suming office developed themselves, the pro- ject was mooted again, this time with little energy and no success. Matters stood thus a week since, when his resignation of his seat in Parliament was announced, and the Govern- ment at once brought down additional esti- mates, including a grant of £7,000 to his family as a reward for his services to the country. The session was nearly over, but nevertheless it was soon whispered that a vote of that kind in the Appropriation Bill, which the Upper House could not alter, would be resisted to the utmost, and that a deadlock must certainly ensue. At this stage Sir James M'Culloch read, in the As- sembly, a letter from Mr. Grant, in which that gentleman said that as he perceived the proposed grant to him was likely to cause a deadlock, and entail very considerable dis- tress upon the public servants and other creditors, he trusted that it would not be pro- ceeded with, as he would be no party to a course which might result in such disastrous consequences. Subsequently it was inti- mated that the vote would be with- drawn, a course which was denounced by Mr. Higinbotham, who declared that in taking that step the Government had offered an affront to the House, and done its utmost to forfeit its privileges. Sir James M'Culloch denied that the Government had done any- thing of the sort, and added that it would be most improper for the Government to persevere with the vote in the face of Mr. Grant's wishes to the contrary. Mr. Michie followed on the same side, and described Mr. Grant's act – which had been performed with- out the knowledge of the Government – as one which reflected the highest credit upon him, and which would evoke the warmest sympathy on the part of the colony. In this way the expected imbroglio was avoided, and the consequence was that the remainder of the Estimates were got through the same night. Moreovor, on that very day there was a spontaneous movement on the part not only of Mr. Grant's supporters, but of many of his political op- ponents, to recommence the agitation for a Grant testimonial. In a short time £900 was collected, and two days after – last Thursday – a second meeting was held, the subscriptions were raised to £1,100, and an influential com- mittee was formed to canvass the colony for aid. There appears no doubt that Mr. Grant's handsome conduct will reap a sure and equally handsome reward. OTHEB BUSINESS IN THE ASSEMBLY. Although discussions have been rife, and a number of measures have been passed, the business done will not bear much description for our English readers. With reference to the Estimates, the Assembly narrowly escaped a fatiguing and useless debate on education. Mr. Higinbotham had given certain distinct intimations that he intended to propose such an alteration in the vote for educational pur- poses as would commence the abolition of all but purely secular education. This was avoided by Mr. Fellows, who, when the time came, raised an objection, the effect of which was that the Common Schools Act prescribed that the money should be distributed by the Board of Education, and that for the Assembly to define how the distribution should take place was repealing an act by a vote in the Appropriation Bill. The point of order was partly allowed, but the House was enabled to decide against the proposed alteration without discussing the principle which it was expected would be advocated. Mr. G. P. Smith's Wines, Beer, and Spirits Sales Bill has met its fate at unexpected hands. In order to disarm opposition, the mover of the bill abandoned nearly all the innovations which had been attempted, such as the abolition of the grocers' licence to sell single bottles, beer licences, &c.; This excited the ire of a teototal member, who vowed he would punish this abandonment of principle by preventing the bill passing. He kept his word, too, by speaking against time, and the measure was subsequently aban- doned. A bill has, at the instance of the Government, been carried through to enable the Government to borrow £100,000 from the trust funds of the colony, in order to com- plete the Geelong and Coliban schemes of water supply, and several bills for the ap- propriation of comparatively small sums from the last public loans for the purposes of the North-Eastern Railway and water supply were also agreed to. In respect to other topics of legislation it is enough to point to the list of bills which were assented to by the Governor yesterday. Among the questions brought up during the month we may mention that the Government have promised to take steps with the view of partially compensating Govern- ment contractors for their losses – in having to raise money at high rates of interest – dur- ing the deadlock. The remainder were of too purely a local character to need mention here. THE LEGISLATIVB COUNCIL, The labours of the Legislative Council are best seen by a reference to the proceedings in respect to the abolition of state aid to reli- pion and to the list of bills assented to by His Excellency yesterday. The measures sent up by the Assembly have been successively dealt with, and in almost every instance carried into law. The only debate of any consequence has been on the state-aid ques- tion. The only important bill initiated in the Council and passed, during the entire session, has been the Scab Act Amendment Bul. PROROGATION OF PARLIAMENT The last Parliamentary scene of the month was the prorogation, which took place yester- day. His Excellency the Governor attended in the Legislative Council Chamber, and after giving the Royal assent to several bills, and reserving the State Aid to Religion Abolition Bill for the signification of Her Majesty's further pleasure thereon, delivered the usual speech from the Throne, and formally pro- rogued Parliament till September 1. The prorogation speech need not be given here, as it is to be found in the Parliamentary report appearing elsewhere in this issue. The following are the bills dealt with this session : Passed. –Supply Bill No. 1, £506,795 8s. 9d. do. No. 2, £285.019 12s. 6d.; do. No. 3, £750,000 ; Lady Darling Annuity Bill, Abat- toirs Bill, Census Bill (No. 2), Scab Act Amendment Bill, Railway Works Loan Bill, State Aid Abolition Bill, Boroughs Statute Amendment Bill, Waterworks Commissioners Bill, Powers of Acting Inspector-General of Public Works Bill, Mining Companies Limited Liability Act Amendment Bill, Public Works Loan (1870) Bill, Public Works Loan Ac- counts (1868) Bill, Appropriation Bill, £2,270,218 9s. 6d. THE INTERCOLONIAL CONFERENCE. Prominent among the political events of the month has been the sitting in Melbourne of a conference composed of the delegates of this and all the other Australian colonies, save Queensland and New Zealand. The reasons why these two did not join will be seen hereafter. The sitting delegates con- sisted of Sir James M'Culloch, Chief Secre- tary, and Mr. J. G. Francis, Treasurer, of Victoria ; Mr. C. Cowper, C.M.G., Colonial Secretary, and Mr. S. Samuel, Colonial Trea- surer, of New South Wales ; Mr. J. M. Wilson, Colonial Secretary, and Mr. T. D. Chapman, Colonial Treasurer, of Tasmania ; and Captain J. Hart, C.M.G., Treasurer, and Messrs. J. H. Barrow and W. Townsend, members of the Legislature of South Australia. The circumstances which called it into being were these :– It was in February of the present year that a circular note was sent by the Government of Tasmania to the Governments of the Australian colonies and of New Zea- land, referring to the suggestion offered in Oc- tober, 1868, by the New Zealand Government, that a conference should be held at Sydney, a suggestion which, although it met with ready acquiescence, led to no practical result. The circular urged that many grave subjects of intercolonial character demanded considera- tion, and repeated the suggestion for a con- ference to consider them. The invitation contained in the circular received favourable response from the Governments of South Australia, New South Wales, and Victoria, but the Government of Queensland replied that as the Parliament of that colony would be in session at the time proposed for the conference, it would be impossible for a mem- ber of the Government to attend. The New Zealand Government, although it had sup- plied the first suggestion of a conference, now, on receiving the Tasmanian circular, replied by a long despatch, reviewing the former efforts of the Government to obtain a conference, discussing its probable results, expressing a strong opinion against a customs union without the existence of a federal Legislature, and virtually withdrawing from the conference. The sittings, 11 in number, commenced on Monday, June 20, in the Executive Council Chamber, in the Treasury Buildings, and the proceedings were watched with much interest by the public, whose at- tention has of late been frequently directed to the want of proper intercolonial relations, and particularly to the revived project of a federal union. Of course, everything was done with closed doors, and but little that took place was allowed to transpire before the conference actually closed ; nevertheless, it did leak out that, although on main points scarcely anything had been done, yet that something in the shape of ground- work for future negotiation had beon opened up. It is best, however, to turn to the docu- ment which the conference agreed to publish as the report of its proceedings. It is as fol- lows :– " This conference was convened at the in- stance of the Government of Tasmania, pri- marily in order to consider the desirability of the establishment of a customs union for the Australasian colonies, and the removal of all restrictions upon intercolonial trade. The invitation was responded to by the colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania. " The most important questions considered by the conference were a free interchange of the natural productions and manufactures of the respective colonies, a uniform tariff with assimilated excise regulations, a customs union, and a distribution of the revenue de- rived therefrom upon the basis of population. The desirableness of such arrangements was admitted, and the more important items sub- ject to fixed duties were considered, and might have been agreed to ; but upon ap- proaching the list of articles involving free trade on the one hand, and discriminating duties on the other, various difficulties pre- sented themaelves, and it was found imprac- ticable to effect such a compromise as would secure the desired result. These difficulties precluded New South Wales from accepting the principle upon which the proposal of Vic- toria was based ; and the representatives of the latter colony, considering the prospective advantages thereby diminished, subsequently proposed new conditions for South Australia and Tasmania, to which those colonies were unable to accede. "But although, for the reasons stated, the conference has not arrived at any definite conclusion on the subject, the consideration of the question has led to a deeper conviction of its importance ; whilst the resolution to memorialise Her Majesty's Government to remove the prohibitions against intercolonial free trade interposed by Imperial enactmont will, if successful, materially facilitate further action. " That a plan for harmonising the diverse tariffs of the Australasian colonies, so as to secure the assent of various political parties, should be a work not easy of attainment, is only what might have been expected ; but the conference, impressed with the excellence of the object, has faith in its ultimate and not far distant success. " The conference, however. has been in per- fect accord upon several other questions o£ considerable importance. It has been de- cided to recommend the adoption by the various Governments represented of a uni- form sea-going intercolonial postage rate of 3d., and also to reduce the charges upon telegraphic messages. It is believed that these arrangements will be found beneficial to trade, and acceptable to the public gene- rally. ' ' The evils that have arisen from the facility with which absconding debtors and other offenders have been enabled to evade justice through the absence of uniform intercolonial law on the subject, formed part of the de- liberations of the conference, and it was resolved that the Governments of the various colonies should be urged to introduce bills of similar import at the earliest practicable op- portunity. "The question of immigration was con- sidered, and an opinion was recorded that it would be desirable in future to adopt a plan common to the several colonies, so as to secure to each the full benefit to which it would be entitled on account of the expendi- ture of public money for this object. The attention of the several Governments will be invited to the question, with a view to the adoption of corresponding regulations. "Despatches from the Imperial Govern- ment having intimated the intended with- drawal of the troops now stationed in Aus- tralia, the conference took into consideration the course to be pursued under the altered circumstances in which the colonies are about to be placed, and it was decided to press upon the attention of Her Majesty's Govern- ment the paramount duty of their making adequate naval provision for the protection of British and Australian commerce in these waters, especially in times of war." We subjoin the resolutions arrived at by the conference under their several heads :– POSTAL RATES. That the sea postage on all letters between the various colonies be at the uniform rate of 3d. for the half-ounce ; and by overland mail, 2d. between Victoria and South Aus- tralia, and 3d. between South Australia and New South Wales. TELEGRAPHIC RATES. 'The first proposal was that for all inter- colonial telegraphic messages there be a uni- form charge on the part of each colony of 1s. for 10 words, and 1d. for each additional word. This was agreed to by the representa- tives of South Australia, Tasmania, and Vic- toria (exclusive of cable charges between Tas- mania and Victoria), but the representatives of New South Wales, while declining to assent to the proposal for an intercolonial uniform telegraphic rate of Is. for each message of 10 words (their lines being now nearly 6,000 miles in length, the greater portion of which have been erected to connect them with the neighbouring colonies), were willing to come to the following special arrangement :– "That the charge for messages to and from New South Wales and Victoria should be as follows:-Three shillings for 10 words, and 3d. for every extra word from and to all stations in New South Wales and Victoria, except Deniliquin, Albury, Echuca, and Bel- voir, for which the charge is to be 2s. ; in the ¿former, New South Wales to receive 2s., and Victoria 1s., and in the latter to be equally divided. "In the case of South Australia the charge to be 5s., the division to be settled hereafter when the nature of the existing agreement shall have beenfurther considered ¡.and should any difference of opinion then arise between the two colonies, the question shall bo loft to the arbitration of some disinterested party or parties, to be mutually agreed upon." WITHDRAWAL Oí IMPERIAL TROOPS. " That the despatches received from Her Majesty's Government on the subject of mili- tary protection in Australia show that the Imperial troops can only be permitted to ro ! main in the colonies upon terms and condi- tions which cannot bo accepted, and load to the conclusion that the Imperial troops will be speedily withdrawn, thus throwing the colonies entirely upon their own resources for their internal defence. " That, in these circumstances, it is the opinion of this conference that Her Majesty's Imperial Government should undertake to provide for the defence and protection of the coast-line of Australia and of British com- merce in its various ports, and that this con- ference do address an humble memorial to Her Majesty accordingly." It was agreed that Messrs. Wilson and Hart should prepare the memorial. DETERIORATED SILVER COINAGE. . "That an application M marie to tue Impe« rial authorities to permit the mintinrj of silver coins in the colonies of New South Wales and ' Victoria ; or, that the Imperial Government 'shall be requested to cause to bo supplied -periodically to> the mint authorities in these colonies now silver coins to exchange in the colonies for those which may from time to time become worn and defaced." The representatives of New South Wales and Victoria undertook to make the neces- sary application to the Imperial Government in the matter. ABSCONDING DEBTORS, &C.; " That, in the opinion of this conference, it is highly important to secure early legisla- tion in order to prevent the defeat of justice in the case of offenders escaping from one colony to another, and that the Governments of the Australasian colonies be invited to take the subject into immediate consideration, with a viow to the attainment of that object by the adoption of a uniform law." OALLINQ OP THE MAIL STEAMER AT KANGAROO ISLAND. " That, in the opinion of this conference, it is only equitable that the South Australian mails, by the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company's steamers, should be conveyed by them direct to the port of Kan- garoo Island, without any additional cost to the colonies." Mr. Hart on the part of South Australia, agreed to provide for the safety and quick despatch of the mail steamers," TELEGBAPHI0 AND STEAM COMMUNICATION WITH ENGLAND. On behalf of South Australia it was repre- sented that that Government had entered into a contract to construct a direct line of tolegraph from Port Augusta to join the sub- marine cabio from Europo via Java, which the British and Australian Telegraph Com- pany had contracted to land at Port Darwin. The conference decided- ' "That this conference deems it inexpedient to consider, at the present time, the question of telegraphic connexion botweon these colo- nies and the Gulf of Carpentaria, as the two colonies of Queensland and South Australia propose carrying out the work." NEW OCEAN POSTAL SCHEMES. Mr. Cowper brought under considoration the various proposals for establishing steam communication between England and the Australasian colonies via Galle, San Fran- cisco, the Cape of Good Hope, and Torres Straits. After discussion it was agreed by the members of the conference that it would bo to the advantage of the colonies interested in the question to await the further develop- ment of these and of other schemes which it is probable the competing companies may originate. INTERCHANGE OF COLONIAL MANUFACTURES. " That, in the opinion of this conforonce, 1 the Australasian colonies ought to be enabled to enter into arrangements with each other which would allow of the reciprocal admis- sion of their respectivo products and manu- factures duty free on such terms as might mutually bo agreed upon, and that so much of the acts of the Imperial Parliament as prohibits stach engagements ought to be repealed." A TIJI rnOTBOTOItATE. " This conference being of opinion that the geographical position of the Fiji Islands renders their protection of the very highest consideration as regards Australia and both British and Australian oommerco, " Resolves-That it is of the utmost im- portance to British interests that theso islands should not form part of or be under the guardianship of any other country than Great Britain, and that a respectful address to this effect be prepared for transmission to the Im- perial authorities." DISTBE3BBD BRITISH COLONISTS AND COLONIAL SEAMEN. Mr. Samuel adverted to the question of re- lief boing rendered to distressed British colonists and colonial seamen, but the con- ferenco was of opinion that each colony should deal with the matter as it might seem fit. WITHDRAWAL OP IMPBBIAL TROOPS. Sir James M'Culloch proposed : "That this conferenco do agreo to the fol- lowing memorandum, and that a copy thereof be laid by the representatives of each colony before their respective Governments, in order ' that the subject to which it relates may be brought under the notico of Her Majesty's Government : " That it appoars from Her Majesty's Secre- tary of States despatches, on the subject of military protection in Australia, the terms upon which Imperial troops can bo permitted to remain in the colonies cannot be satis- factorily adjusted as between ner Majesty's Government and the colonial Governments, and that it is the intention of Her Majesty's Government to withdraw the troops at a very early date, by which withdrawal the local Go- vernments will be thrown entirely on their own resources for providing means for their defence against any invading power. " That in these circumstances it is desirablo ' to press upon the attention of Hor Majesty's Government the duy of providing at all times, and especially in time of war, for the naval defence and protection of the coast line of Australia and the extensive British com ' merco in its waters, and to express the con- fidence with which the colonial Govern- ments beliovo this obligation will bo rocog nised and admitted by the Imperial Govern- ment." Carried. CENTAL BYSTHM OV WEIGHTS. The attention of the conference having been called to the importance of adopting the contal system of weights, it was deomod inex- pedient to recommend any special legislation upon the matter, but the representatives of the respective Governments would be pre- pared to encourage the introduction of the system in their colonies severally. DNITOBMlir OP BTATIBTICS. The subject of uniformity of statistics was brought under consideration, and the con- ferenco determined that it was desirablo for the registrars-general, or other statistical officers of the Australasian colonies, to com- municate with each other through their re- spective Governments, with a view to the adoption of a uniform system. \- IMMIGRATION TO THE AUSTRALASIAN COLONIES. . /'."It is expedient that inthe conduct of im migration to the Australasian colonies, a combined systom should bo carried out as speedily as possible. The representatives at this conference, therefore, undertake to bring the subject under the consideration of their respective Governments without delay, with the view of regulations being determined upon and provision made therefor." Added to the report was a series of appen- dices, which set forth, in the shape of memo- randa presented to the conference, the opinions held by the various delegutes. It is to be regretted that these disclose the fact that the tenacity with which Mr. Francis, on the part of Victoria, contended for "discriminating duties" was the chief cause why the'main object of the conference was not achieved. The representatives of New South Wales were willing to agree to " a customs union and intercolonial free trade, provided n uni- form tariff, framed as nearly as possible in accordance with the principles of free trade, and a due regard to the fiscal requirements of the colonies, could be adopted ;" while the representatives of South Australia and Tas- mania were in favour of "ageneral customs union, a uniform toriff, and an equal distribution of the revenue therefrom, on the basis of population, together with a free interchange of colonial products and ma- nufactures among the contracting parties." But Mr. Francis would consentto neither of these, and hence the failure. His views found expression in the following statements, tabled by him as objections to the propositions made for a customs union :– "1st. The Parlia- ment of Victoria is unlikely to yield the pre- sent policy of a tariff of discriminating duties, or its right to amend its own tariff as circum- stances may from time to time require. 2nd. Because, without federal or legislative union, any tariff now agreed upon would bo virtually inalterable without the unanimous consent of all parties to the conference ; and 3rd. Because it seems to me to give advantage to some communities, without relative benefit to others comprehended in the agreement." These not being substantial modified during discussion, caused the resolution respecting the interchange of colonial manufactures to be the sole result of this portion of the nego- tiations. During their stay in Melbourne, the dele- gates, who were visitors amongst us, received hospitable attentions from every quarter. They dined with the Governor, and with Sir James M'Culloch, and finally wera enter- tained by the citizens of Melbourne and the mercantile community at a splendid banquet given at the Criterion Hotel, to which about 150 gentlemen, representing the leading classes of the metropolis, sat down. The mayor of Melbourne (Mr. S. Arness) presided. The proceedings on this occasion were of a highly complimentary nature, and calculated to assist in the creation of an excellent inter- colonial feeling. INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION AT SYDNEY. An intercolonial exhibition, under the direction of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales, will be opened at Sydney on the 16th of August. It promises, from the efforts which aro being made to obtain exhibits from ftil quarters, to be uu¿ OÍ SU iT.??!^ Ca- rácter. The articles for which prizes will be given are divided into six classes, viz. :-The first, comprising wool, wine, farm, garden, and dairy produce, manures, and implements ; the second materials, applications, and pro- ductions connected with the liberal arts ; the third, furniture and other objects of use in dwellings ; the fourth, clothing and its corre- latives ; the fifth, raw and manufactured pro- ducts of mining industry, forestry, &c.; ; the sixth, apparatus and processes used in the common arts ; and the seventh, food in all its forms. An executive committee has been appointed here to make arrangements for the exhibition, so far as Victoria is concerned. It consists of the following gentlemen, selected from the trustees of the Melbourne Public Library, viz., Dr. Bleasdalo (chair- man), the Hon. J. A. Macpherson, Mr. C. E. Bright, and Mr. E. L. Montefiore, with Mr. G. C. Levey as secretary. The committee have sent circulars to all the exhibitors in the Exhibition of 1866-67, as also to all the vignerons whose addresses were obtainable. Arrangements have been made for a separate exhibition of Victorian wines, for the vigne- rons of this colony, it appears, wore too late in sending in their exhibits for the exhibition roper. A canvass has been made in Mel ourno, and sufficient promises obtained to justify the committee in the belief that Vic- toria will be well represented in the exhibi- tion, especially in the departments of agri- cultural implements and mochinery, manures, beer, wine, furniture, ironwork, and presorved meat. The co-operation of the various public bodies connected with agriculture and wine- growing has been invited, _ and Dr. Bleasdalo and Mr. Levey have gone to the principal country towns with the view of there awaken- ing special interest in the exhibition. An ex- tensive building is to be erected for the ex- hibition. It will be open for about a month. FATAL ACCIDENTS AND SUICIDES. A painful sensation has been caused by the occurrence, at brief intervals, of a number of deaths undor peculiarly distressing circum- stances. On Friday, 24th June, a report which was recoived at first with incredulity was current in literary circles that Mr. A. L. Gordon, whoso poems have boon recognised as some of the best which have proceeded from Victorian writers, and who was known also as a very clever amatour steeplechase rider, had destroyed himself by blowing out his brains at Brighton, where he resided. The report unhappily was soon confirmed, and it proved to be literally correct. The pain with which the intelligence was received by the friends of Mr. Gordon was only equalled by their surprise, for those who had seen him on the previous afternoon, and many had done so, noticed that so far from appearing de- spondent or depressed, he seemed rather more cheerful than usual. He went home to Brighton on the Thursday afternoon at about half-past 5 o'clock, and took tea with Mrs. Gordon, having brought with him a package of cartridges for his rifle, with which he said he intended to practise the next morning. During the evening, and in fact all through the night, Mr. Gordon seemed extremely rest- less, and was in and out of the house several times, but there was nothing so peculiar in his manner as to oxcito apprehensions in the mind of his wifo or the persons in the house. Early on Friday he was missed, but still nothing serious was apprehended until it was found that ho had taken his rifle with him. Two hours afterwards his dead body was discovered in the scrub which lines the beach. From the position in which the body was found, Mr. Gordon must have seated himself on the ground, and placing the butt of the rifle firmly in the sand, botweon his feet, put the muzzle to his mouth, and with a forkod tea-tree twig pushed the trigger, and thus exploded the rifle. The bullet passed through his brain and out of the back of the head, car- ping away a piece of the skull about an inch in circumference. Death must have been instantaneous, as when the body was found the gun was still between the legs, one hand clasping the barrel to the breast, while the prong of the twig was still on the trigger. The body was found by Mr. Allen, a grocer, who caused it to be conveyed to the Marino Hotel, whoro an inquest was hold upon it. The jury found that the deceased had committed suicide while in an unsound state of mind, and there is no doubt that his brain bad been considerably affected by some severe falls which ho had recently sus- tained in the hunting field and in steeple- chasing. Certain monetary difficulties had caused him much concern and anxiety, which in his peculiar state of body and mind he seems to have been unable to bear. Mr. Gordon was greatly liked by all who had en- joyed his friendship or acquaintance, and his untimely end has excited genuine and widely felt sorrow. He was 42 years of age, was a native of Cotswold, Gloucestershire, where he was considered the best rider in the county, and was the son of Professor Gordon, a university man of some repute. He was educated portly at Cambridge and partly at Glasgow University, and was a very elegant scholar, of refined tastes. He came to South Australia from the old country in the year 1852, and soon after his arri- val had a fortune left bira, with which ho bought land and speculated to soma extent. Ho accepted an invitation to outer the Legis- lature or South Australia, in which ho repre- sented the district of Victoria for some years conjointly with Mr. Priddock. In Adelaide ho earned the reputation of being a dashing and feariess steeplechase rider, and he retained that reputation in this colony, though his shortness of sight was the causo of his meeting, as wo have already said, with many falls, " somo of a vory dangerous nature. As a poet, Mr. Gordon is best known by a volume which he published, ontitled Sea Spray and Smoke Drift-, which was very favourably noticed, both by the colonial and the British press. A new volume of poetry by Mr. Gordon, entitled Bush Ballads and Galloping Rhymes, had just been published, and it has boon very highly praised by the reviewers. A movement has been initiated by some of Mr. Gordon's friends with tlio. viow of obtaining funds to place a monument over his grave, and to make some provision for his bereaved widow. On the same day that Mr. Gordon's death took place, it became known that Mr. Henry Walstab, another contributor to literature, had met with sudden death by drowning at Brighton early that morning or late the pre- vious night. Mr. Walstab was missed on Thursday night from the house at which ho was visiting at Brighton, and was seen subse- quently walking on the pier at about mid- night. The next morning, at about half-past 1 o'clock, a fisherman found his dead body floating close to the beach, near the railway station and pier. The deceased was in the habit of walking very late at night on the pier, and as he was very short-sighted, it is supposed that he unwittingly-perhaps while in a fit of abstraction-walked over the edge, and was drowned. As a writer of fiction, ho was a contributor to the Australian Journal under the norn de plume of "Hal;" and he was a brother to the moro widely known Mr. G. A. Walstab, the journalist and author of Harcourt Darrell, Confessed at Last, and other novels. To these sad occurrences there was added the very next day a third of an equally dis- tressing character. Mr. George Mandes Nichols, who has been employed in the Edu- cation department for five or six years, and who was much esteemed by a large circle of friends, was returning home from a hunt with the Melbourne hounds, when he met with an instantaneous death. He endea- voured to make his horse leap one of the rail- way fences near Keilor, but the animal in taking the jump struck the top rail and fell, rolled over upon his rider, ana crushed him to death. The horse was got up as quickly as possible, but Mr. Nichols, after giving one or two convulsive sobs, breathed his last. Mr. Nichols was about 38 years of age, a native of Cornwall, England, and had been about 15 years in the colony. He was one of the most efficient clerks in the service, and was much liked by his brother officers for his kindly and generous disposition. He was a married man, and has left a widow and one child. On the Friday, the body of M. D'Aloustol, aFrench advocate, who had been engaged as a teacher of languages in some of the superior schools for many years, and who was well known in the community, was taken out of the Yarra, where he had been for several days. The deceased, whoso real name, it ap- pears, is not D'Aloustol, had for some time been in a very despondent state of mind, caused by the partial loss of his employment, consequent upon a charge of improper con- duct towards a young girlhaving been brought against him. His innocence was fully esta- blished, but he was, ho said, ruined by the charge, and the matter so preyed upon his mind that he was impelled to commit self destruction. A rather incoherent letter was found in his pocket after death, re-asserting his innocence of the charge which had been brought against him, and accusing several persons, including a man named Carter, who was connected with the detective police, and who had got up the case against him, of con- spiracy to blast his character. At the coroner's inquest on the body a verdict of "temporary insanity" was returned. THE GREAT FIRE IN BOURKE-STREET. The largest fire that has occurred in the city of Melbourne for many years past took place about half-past 2 o'clock on the morn- ing of the 5th inst, at a place generally known as the "Varieties." The building was situated in Bourke-stroot, nearly opposite the Theatre Royal, and was generally con- sidered one of the most dangerous buildings in the city in case of uro. The side walls and the front wore of brick, but the large interior was composed entirely of timber and painted canvas. At the rear, and partly under the same roof, was situated the large livery stables of Messrs. Garton and Kelly, which extended nearly to the next street. On the north the building was joined by a row of small woodon tene- ments, on the south was another stable and about a dozen small wooden houses, while a large stable, occupied by the Melbourne Om- nibus Company, joined the premises on the east. The fire broke out in the shop of a person named Frank Martin, within a few minutes after he had locked it up, and although discovered immediately, sucli was the inflammable nature of the building, that within 20 minutes the whole of the pre- mises was in one immense blaze. The fire was seen from the watch-tower of the Fire Brigade Station, which is in the immediate neighbourhood, and Superintendent Hoad was very soon on the spot with the men undor his command. Three jets of water were at once played upon the Bourke-streot front and two at the various approaches in the rear. As further assistance arrived, the number of jets was increased. The pressure of the water was very strong, and it was soon evident that, notwithstanding the enormous volume of flame that rose from the great hall of the Varieties, and the stables in the rear, the brigade would bo able to confine the fire to the original building in which it started, although great flakes of the burning materials were falling thickly in every direc- tion. It was fully three-quarters of an hour after the first alarm of fire that it was known to the fire brigade that there was a woman on the premises, and her screams from an upper portion of the building as yet untouched by the fire soon gave a fearful realisation to the rumour. Every effort was at onco made to save her lifo, but the absence of all ladders of a sufficient length to reach the uppor windows occasioned considerable delay. At last several ladders were lashed together with the reins of the cab horses, which were generously given by the owners, the window was reached, and the woman got out. She proved to be a girl named Mary Holly, but generally known as Mary Tuckett, house servant to Mr. Zeplin. As sho had suffered some very severo burns, she was taken to the Melbourne Hospital, and every attention paid her by the resident medical officers. At first it was thought, from her youth (sho was only 22 years of age) and strong constitution, that she would survive the shock ; but, after doing well for a few days, sho gradually sank, and died on the afternoon of the 10th inst. The nant of a fire escape was very strongly com- mented upon, and it was vory generally sup- posed that there was no such thing in Melbourne ¡ but it transpired afterwards that about two years and a half ago one of the most improved fire escapes was imported by the Town Council, at the in- stance of Alderman Wragge. It was offered lo the Fire Brigado, but as the council de- clined to givo any subsidy towards its main- tenance, the offer was declined. It was then offered to the police department, and again declined, and over since it has beon stowed away in the corporation lumber yards. It lins now been taken charge of by the police authorities. The losses by the fire are heavy, as the insurance companies declined to insure to the full extent, owing to the dangerous nature of the premises. The main building of the Varieties was only insured for £4,000. Messrs. Zeplin and Sons, the lessees, estimate their losses at £3,000. Messrs. Garton and Kelly's stock was valued at £0,300, and they were only insured for £2,000. Out of 25 horses in the stables only threo were got out, and all the remainder were burnt. Not a single buggy was saved. Soveral houses in the neighbourhood were in- jured by the falling walls, and the stables of the Omnibus Company were consi- derably damaged, the loss being estimated at about £300. The damago dono will fully amount to £25,000, very little of which is covered by insurance. The efficiency of the fmall brigado was fully proved in this fire. Within two hours from the time they arrived on the ground, the fire was completely mastered, and all danger of its spreading over. An inquest was held on the cause of the fire on the 14th inst, and an open ver- dict returned, with a recommendation to the corporation or the police authorities to pro- vide some means of saving life in case of fire in buildings of moro than one storey. THE REVENUE. The revenue returns of the colony for the quartcr ending June 30 are given in the Govern- ment Gazette. The revenue received during the first six months of the year is shown to amount to £1,440,131 0s, 4d" as against £1,454,252 18s. during the corresponding half of last year. This gives a decrease for the half-year of £8,121 17s. 8d. This is due to the large decrease during the last quarter, which amounted to £41,254 11s. 2d., a deficiency that, after absorbing the increase of the former quarter, left the net decrease above stated for the half-year. The total rovenuo for the last quarter was £75G,G17 '10s. 7d" Against £797,872 1s. 9d. in the corresponding quarter of 1869. The head of Customs shows a total return of £328,414 13s., and a decreaso of £28,770 Is. 7d. The item of t-pirits shows an increase of £3,C04, and sugar mid molasses, opium, hops, malt duties on River Murray goods, also show increases, but J . all the other, items show a decrease; the largest deficiencies being tobacco and snuff £5,425, I whriTfnge and harbour rates £2,793, wine £1,916, cigars £1,049, rice £1,397, while the bend of " other duties" affords a decrease of £20,048. In excise the only noticeable altera- tion is a decrease upon spirits distilled in Victoria amounting to £2,40L Although the items under the head of "territorial" show a good deal of fluctuation, the total of £195,558 4s. 7d. only differs from that of the corre- sponding quarter of last year by being a few pounds in excess. The items of sales by auc- tion with an,increase of £22,382, and rents and licences with an increase of £10,041, nearly balance the decrease of £33,804 on the item of rents and selections. The head of Public Works has a decrease of £10,999 Is. lid., mainly due to the decrease of £10,426 lCs. lOd. on railway income. The revenue from railways during the quarter amounted to £130,751 6s. 7d. The fluctuations on the other items are not of any moment. Tlie following is the comparativo state- ment of revenue for the quarters and years ending 30th June, 1869 and 1870, respec- tively : Juno 30,)June SO, 1SC0. 1870. Quarter ending. Year ending Juno 30,IJuno 30, 18G9. I 1870. I.-CUSTOMS. Import duties On SjiinU ?\\\ mo.. Beer and older Tobacco nud snuff Cigars Tea .. Sugar and mo lassos Cofleo, chi- cory, cocoa, und choco- late Opium luce .. lions .. Malt .. Wharfage and harbour ratos. Duties on Elver Murray goods All other duties Total oustoms II.-EXCIBB. Spirits distilled in Victoria Publicans' licence« Auctioneer«' do... AU other do. .. Total exciso .. III.-TBRM TOItUI,. Sal« of land by auction.. Accruing from rent« and solee tiona Pastoral occupa- tions lient« and licences Miners' right« .. Business licences. Lenses of aurifer- ous and mineral lands .. Water-right and searching 11 cenccs Total territorial IV.-PrjBMO Worms Railway income Water supply-Yan Yow Water Bupply- On the gold-Adds.. Electric telegraph Toll receipts Total public works Y. - PORTS AND HARBOURS. Tonnngo .. Pllouigo (at out poits) .. Total ports aad harbours VI.-POSTAGE VII.-FK78. Supreme Court Ooneral Sessions ii County Courts, Court« of Mines. Courts of Potty Sessions All other feos Total fees VIII.-PINES. Supremo Court General Sessions le County Court«.. Court« of Potty Sessions All other fines and forfeitures Total fines IX.-MiscaiLJi ¡ru- óos. Bent«, exclusivo of lands Government prln ter Labour of pri- soners Storage of gun- powder .. Sala of Govern- ment property.. All other receipts & 110,982 8.988 0,410 S0.4CO 3,657 It 078 17,490 4,052 6,733 4,220 2,787 1,387 26,017 123,485 7,072 6,668 80,983 2,607 18,248 18,244 8,861 8.108 2 832 2,900 y 22,223 2,881 86,813 401,301 38,003 28,007 142,040 12,668 04,321 73,063 460,221 84,102 27,867 184,188 11,844 61,221 78,078 18,180 £6,913 17,4251 10,487 8,7221 6,413 8,031 420,341 0,002 0,033 104,410 18,397 437,32! 1,366,794] 1,423,622 11,461 812 200 616 47,015 9,781 4,: 5,414 83,070 9,018 6,288 5,522 12,60« 10,2861 06,504 8,707 48,4061 00,000 22,528 68 001 3,902 702 70,8781 20,196 23,360 64,005 2,013 800 260,224 202,638 108,005 2Z4,01r 15,679 3,800 287,072 129,444 112,273 242,727 11,032 8,703 Total revenue. Net decrease on the quarter Net Increaso on the year 141,178 18,290 31 8,712 145 130,751 18,363 241 7,020 100 67I.85B 05,SS0 173 80,014 687,707 00,088 324 81,076 208 157.S0H 680,466 8.74&I; 77 18,208 247I 10,258 120 3,8231 3,064 18,6101 19,370 31,1427 30,811 118,2141 127,128 5,149 2.3071 10,260 6,403 2,042 10,548 17,871 2,8801 228 0,00a 87,222; 19,488 3,607 813 9,812 43,653 18,373 19,9611 00,77» 70,186 26 8 478 2,071 130 G1 2,004 2,237 1,751 6,224 8.18W 5.094J 7,084 140 1,401 832 8,8C7l 2.04a 410 1,032 1,101 822 1,001 2,841 683 6,194 3,511 1,389 11,183 47,687 1,832 5,089 8,092 1,168 3,869 7.87W 70,949 40,836 707,878 750,01fi 758,fll7fS,201l5OC,3,202.783 .. 8,201,696 41,264 1.187 * The amount of refunds iras £10 11s. more than the receipt under this item. THE GOLD-FIELDS. There is not any very striking news to ro cord respecting the progress of the gold mining industry during the last month, but several rushes have occurred in different and somewhat distant parts of the colony, which, although themselves of not moro than ordi- nary interest, go far to show, when coupled with the other numerous new discoveries which aro constantly being mado, that the colony is auriferous in the greater part of its length and breadth, and that the gold in- dustry will furnish employment for consider- able numbers of persons for somo generations to come. The chief centres of interest in gold- mining have nearly always been the two large districts of Ballarat and Sandhurst, and it is satisfactory to bo able to record that the rather gloomy reports received for somo months past from Ballarat have not been repeated during the last month, but that, on the contrary, there ap- pears to bo now a good prospect of a return to the flourishing state of affairs which existed up to about six or nine months ago. A local journal sayB :-" Upon the whole the bright predominates over the gloomy hore, and we may snfely anticipate that the last half of the year 1870 will in a great measure compensate for the losses sustained during the first six months. In June even the Ballarat banks purchased 32,510oz. of gold, or 2,741oz. moro than in May, and 10,930oz. more than in April." The dulness of Ballarat has also been in a great measure dissipated during the past month by successes proclaimed respecting the Hepburn reefs, which are situated near Dayles- ford, the latter place being itself near to Bal- larat. Speculators in shares have, however, been very busy with roports about these mines, which fact, together with that of the reefs as yet being only partially worked, ren- der it premature to express any opinion on the prospects of the district, further than saying that the reefs, judging from what is already known of them, appear to be exten- sive, and such as will well repay- the outlay consequent on' their working. "Nuggets,"says a Ballarat paper, "have been over and over again picked up from the quartz metal laid down on our streets ; but on the 4th inst. a bigger piece of luck than usual fell to somo boys in Rubicon-street, near Winter's Freehold. They were shying some quartz stones from the street at an old boiler by the road side, when ono of the boys picked up a mass of golden quartz containing lOJoz. of pure gold." As a companion picture of good luck to the abovo, it may bo men- tioned that a fossicker at Little Bendigo, whilo in the act of carrying some 7dwt of gold to Ballarat for salo, picked up a Ooz. nug get in Mopoke Gully. The Sandhurst gold-field still continuos to show remarkable signs of improvement, the good yields and now discoveries of quartz reefs which havo been mentioned for some months lately having been augmented during the past month. A few weeks back the largest piece of gold over discovered in quartz was found in a Sandhurst mine, and during the last fortnight another valuable discovery lias been made, namely, that of the reef in the Golden Pyke Company's ground. This reef is not very thick, but it may be almost said to bo more gold than quartz, and very heavy pieces of solid gold, over 7oz. in weight, have been taken out of it. It is ex- pected that the produce 1 of the "oilcans," m which the stuff has principally been' brought to the surface, will be a " fine cake," out of which a good dividend will bo declared. Tbis discovery has consequently brought many companies along the lino intofavour, and a very large amount of attention has naturally been given to that quarter, leading to a good deal of speculation. The yield of gold at Sandhurst for Juno was 19,837pz. 3dwt 4gr., or a weekly average-there being four weeks in the month-of 4,959oz. 5dwt 19gr., which was a considerable improvement on the yield of May, that being for four weeks 17,523oz. 18dwt. 16gr., or a weekly average of 4,380oz. 19dwt. lOgr.; being a difference in favour of Juno of 2,313oz. 4dwt. The yield for May only exceeded that of April by 160oz. 12dwt. 2gr. The total value of the gold reported in June was £75,381 4s Oíd., whereas the yield of May was only valued at £08,03010s. Berlin, the field of nuggets, still continues to maintain its good reputation. A now rush took place there last week, and a very good prospect was obtained in what is thought to be the same run as that from which Schloss- man obtained his large nugget but the exact amount of the prospect has been kept dark. One party of Chinese the other day in John's paddock got 50oz. in two pieces ; and Mr. John's brothers picked out a 4oz piece and about an ounco of smaller pieces, from stuff which they had stacked for washing. The ground is mostly held by Chinese, and con- sequently the finds do not all become known, but the way in which the Celestials carry on their gambling transactions shows that plenty of gold is being obtained. A new rush took place a fortnight ago to a place about a milo from Ararat About a week previously a party of Chinamen ob- tained a prospecting claim on the rush. The depth of their shaft was 40ft, and in six days they obtained 27oz. of gold. Last week there could not have been less than 200 miners on the ground, probably the half of whom were Chinese. The sinking ranged from 37ft. to 41ft., and the auriferous ground is about six or eight feet thick. The claims that had bottomed seemed (the Ararat Advertiser says) to be nearly all payable. Another rush in a direction far away from the above has also recently occurred. The workings which caused the rush were in the Alexandra district, and one mile from the township of Merton. The Government mining surveyor of Alexandra writes as fol- lows of the rush :-" The yields reported by the prospectors are equal to loz. to the load, and the gold is coarse, though large pieces have not yet been met with. About 70 claims have been taken up under the wot frontage system, and activo preparations are being made to test the flat. A quartz reef known as the Challenger Reef has been proved auriferous at a point on the southern fall of the Puzzle range towards the Homo Creek, but it seems probable that its extension is intersected by the Hut Creek and its tributary gullies. Other veins exist, as testified by the scattered quartz on the spurs and ranges, but they have not yet been opened. The surrounding country presents most favourable indications. Numerous other gullies and Hats in the surrounding ranges are totally untried, and the general aricearance of the district favours the proba- bility that steady prospecting will develops an extensive and permanent gold-field. The present number of miners on the ground ac- tually engaged in preparations for work is about 50 : a number more are waiting for the results of a few more shafts ¡ and »should these prove encouraging, a considerable influx of miners from the surrounding gold-fields may be expected." AGRICULTURE. After nearly three months of unusually wot weather, we have had a few fine days lately, and much were they needed. The country was exceedingly wet ; the bush roads were almost impassablo, so that the farmers could neither bring their produce to market from a distance, nor picpare their land for next season's crops, Some few had sown portions of their wheat, but the young plant, although it promised well while there was any warmth in the ground, has of late turned yellow, or died off entirely owing to the soil having remained thoroughly saturated, and therefore cold for some time past. A little ploughing was possible on odd days wi thin the last two months, where the land was well situated for drainage, but sowing was out of the question till last week ; thus the bulk of the wheat will be very late ; so much so that if the spring be not rather a wet one too, the yield will bo light. This serious loss of time just when the farmers should have been most busy will cause all the crops to bo very late, even though this month and next should bo favourable for field opera- tions ; but the giound has been so completely saturated that probably the lato crops may reach a moderato.degree of perfection, unless the summer sets in exceedingly early and hot, and of that there need not bo very much fear, as the wholo of the intorior appears to have beoh visited by heavy rains, and so cooled down equally with the districts near the coast. The protracted rains will no doubt cause a reduction in the extent of land which would otherwise have been sown with grain, as well as a proportionate decrease in the yield from what may bo under crop, but it is too soon yet for this contingency to have any effect on prices, although oats have risen a little in value within the last few days. This is owing to the increased consumption consequent on the destruction of maize by the floods in Now South Wales, and fortu- nately we had a large yield of oats at last harvest. Wheat remains low, except in Mel- bourne, where it is now more scarce than in any part of these colonies. This may seem a strange statement when wo acknowledge that the yiold of this colony at last harvest was at least a million and a half of bushels over and above what wo can consumo in the twelve months ; but only a small proportion of this was grown near Melbourno, and the very abundance prevents importation, the prices being now higher in South Australia than here. The price is also too low to allow of much being carted or sent by rail from the interior, so that the town millers have a difficulty in procuring enough to keep up a decent appearance of business. If the wheat-growing farmers have gone up the country, the millers have followed them, and there aro now mills enough in every dis- trict to grind the wheat that is grown in it. Thus, instead of wheat, flour now comes from the interior, so there is no scarcity of that in Melbourne. Meat rose a little during the cold weather, but will bo coming down again soon ; and provisions of all other sorts are cheap enough- butter even not being high tbis winter. Large numbers of sheep are said to have started for this market from the dis- tant stations of Queensland, and as the heavy rains have left plenty of water in all the creeks and lagoons, besides causing a great flush of grass in the more northern and warmer parts of the country, these can be brought down in good condition, travelling-as they will-by easy stages. By the time they, approach our bound- ary feed will bo plentiful there too, to that wo may expect a full supply of fat sheep in our markets earlier this year than usual. The meat preserving companies will bo prepared to toke them all at a reasonable price, thus preventing an injurious glut of fat stock just at shearing time, and a conse- quent almost ruinous decline in value. Next month shearing will commence in Riverina, although probably it will be somewhat later this year than last unless the weather for the next few weeks should be more than com- monly dry and warm for the months of July and August Owing to the partial drought of last summer, the clip generally will not bo better than it was last year, but the desire for a rapid increase of numbers and consequent overstocking is far less prevalent tban it was, so that the sheep have had a better chance. This overstocking has been sadly detrimental to many flocks, keeping the sheep stunted and the fleeces light, as well as causing tender- ness of staple by the semi- staivation during abont a third of the year at least. The very low price of fat stock for some time was a artial excuse for this, as it was supposed to o better to keep sheep for the wool than send them to market and sell them for so little, but it would have been better to have given the surplus stock away than to have kept them, for 1,000 fleeces from well-fed sheep weich more than 1,500 from half starved animals, and the wool is of better quality. This mistake of late years is now generally acknowledged, and as fat stock will have a fixed value so long as preserved moat is wanted in England, there will be no excuse for a repetition of it. The spring shows of stock in the pastoral districts will shortly commence, and will bo held during next month and September, to bo succeeded by those of the agricultural societies. It was feared for a while that there would be no grant in aid this year, as the Chief Secretary positively refused to place the usual sum on the Estimates so long as tho Board of Agri- culture remained in its present unsatisfac- tory condition. This body would not remodel itself, nor would the Government sparo time to prepare a bill for its improvement, and to bring matters to a crisis the grant was to bo stopped. But seeing that tho threat was not an unmeaning ono this time, the societies held a conference in Melbourne to press their claims on the Government, as well as on Parlia- ment, and the Board of Agriculture promised to wind up its affairs and remove itself out of the way, so a grant of somewhat reduced amount is to bo divided amongst the societies without the intervention of the board. With this and the old Port Phillip Farmers' Society out of the way, the noxt attempt will be to form a strong and useful society for the whole colony, with offices in Melbourne, and holding its shows each year in different parte of the country. Tho so-called national shows held in this way by the Boord of Agriculture have of late years much improved, and it is plain that similar shows, with the offer of a liberal prize list, ought to be continued, so that a central so- ciety, if started by men of the right stamp, will be well supported. The Board of Agri- culture has still another public duty to por form in holding an intercolonial wine show next month, and, judging by the number of entries sent in, this is to be the most im- portant show of the kind yet hold in any of the colonies. MEAT-PRESERVING. This industry is making gradual but steady progress, and it is satisfactory to seo that tho various companies engaged in it, although constantly increasing in number, all appear to bo doing a good business, and to bo thoroughly satisfied with their prospects. The heavy rains which have fallen during tho last two months have had tho effect of slightly raising the price of stock, as, owing to the flooded state of the rivers and creeks, sheep and cattle have not ar- rived'in town, especially from the Riverine district, in such large numbers as usual. This bos occasioned temporary inconvenience to somo of the larger manufacturers, but is not looked upon with very great concern, and will, no doubt, Bpeedily be remedied. The most important event to be recorded this month in connexion with this subject is the total failure of two additional experi- mental shipments of meat preserved accord- ing to Professor Gamgee's process. It will, bo remembered that tho first shipment, which was opened some months ago, turned out very badly, a result which was attributed in some degree to defectivo packing, but as the additional shipments have proved no better, it would seem that the preservative qualities of the process adopted are not as complete as could be desired for very long distances, and that, although the method possesses some good features, it has not yet been perfected. The cases sent per Crusader, consigned by the agent-general to the Chief Secretary, were opened at the Custom house a few weeks ago, in the presence of soveral members of tho Intercolonial Conference, and a num- ber of persons more or less connected _ with the meat-preserving interest. The", shipment consisted of two cases, a cask, and an iron cylinder, all very lightly fastened down to be air-tight, and presenting appear- ances of the injection of sulphurous gases at the last moment. The top of the iron cylinder was screwed down with nuts, an indiarubbor washer between the lid and the top making the air-tightnesS doubiy secuio. The CSS?3 were of pine wood, lin. thick, solidly put to- gether, and airtightness was secured by india rubber cording laid in a groove all round the case, so that the top jammed down on it filled all interstices. In tho cylinder the meat was packed in oaten husks, and in the cases in oaten husks and salt. The cask was fillod up with refined fat, so that no extreme caro to keep out tho air had to bo taken. It was the only one of the packages that ap- peared knocked about, for the others looked as though completely undisturbed during the voyage, and tho outside of the cases was scarcely marked. Inside, tho meat was packed in linen bogs. When the iron cylinder was opened tho gas burst out with a hiss, but the meat, including a whole sheep, vei y soon left no doubt that the process of preservation had proved a failure. The same was the case in all tho other packages. No beef was seen, only mutton and pork. The mutton was almost decomposed, and when brought to light, the stench arising from the putrid remains was intolerable. The pork the easiest of all to preserve-gave hope when first seen. The joints and pieces appeared fresh, ruddy, and almost appetising, huton being cut open they were found in every in- stan ce to be hopelessly tointed«to tho bone, and utterly unfit for human food. The "meat" -amounting, with tallow and all, to 5271b, net-was forthwith sold at Id. per lb. to Messis. Bayldon and Graham, the tallow makers. Another shipment, consigned to Messrs. J. White and Co., of William street, was opened a few days ago, at the Spencer-street railway sheds. It consisted of two cases, one containing oOMb. of mutton in shoulders, saddles, and legs, packed in tallow ; and the other an entire sheep, weighing 511b., packed in oat husks. As in previous cases, the meat was hopelessly tainted, and utterly unfit for human food, and was foithwith sold to Messrs. M'Meikan and Co., of Flemington, for boiling down, at 2d. per lb., which sum may be set against the £7 11s. 8d. which tho meat actually cost per invoice. Of this last shipment, which came by the TurkishEmpire, it may perhaps be said that the meat was less rotten than any of its predecessors. We observe that an English agricultural journal, the Farmer, May l8, writing in re- ference to a former statement in this journal of tho failure of the Gamgee process as tested by a sample sent here, says:-"The Mel- bourne Argus has taken upon itself to declare that ' Professor Gamgee's system of preserv- ing meat has proved a failure.' This state- ment is directly contrary to all the evidence we have read on the subject as to tho experi- ments in testing the quality of the meat in this country (Great Britain), and these tests were of the samo character as that which is considered satisfactory in the case of a pud- ding-the tasting of it. So far as our infor- mation goes, The Argus is not in a position i to give any opinion at all on the subject. Pro- fessor Gamgee, with a view of testing several theories.sent meat to Australia preserved in a Rreat number of different ways, and we are in- formed on sufficient authority that the only meat which reached Melbourne at all was one solitary experimental leg of mutton covered with tallow. Molbourno contains numerous j ivals of Professor Gamgee, and the patents taken out there in colourable imitation of his are innumerable, Some even go so far as to call their system of preserving 'Gamgee's process.' The professor has never visited Australia, so that his system is not known there, and is not practised except by a few boilers-down of *heep, whobave pirated his ideas." The article in the Farmer concludes by stating that " those papers which havo inadvertently copied the above (Argus) paragraph will bo doing but an act of justice to tho discoverer of tbe process by inserting this communication." It would be scarcely possible to condenso moro misrepresentation into the space than our Eng- lish contemporary has succeeded in doinghero. The imputations made against our meat-pre- serving companies, and against the tiuthful ness otthe accounts of the first shipment of meat cured_ by the Gamgee method, appear, when read in the light of the subsequent ex- periments, absurd in the extreme. Surely, if any one hero had ever dreamed of " pirating" the process ho would hardly have persevered in his idea after testing it, as wo nave now had repeated opportunities of doing, by its results at the end of a long sea voyage. Tho implied charco against T/ie Argus of mis-stating the result of the first test would scarcely bo repeated by the Far mer now, after the corroborating evi- dence of so many failures. That journal evidently mistook the interest of tho colony in the matter. Had the process of Professor Gamgee, from which so much was hoped, realised the expectations formed, it would have been hailed by the stockowners of Aus- tralia as the greatest boon that could have been bestowed upon them. All interest was on tho side of success, and failure was every- where felt as disappointment. The account wo havo above given of the result of tho latest experiments must, we think, convince the Farmer that in advocating the interests of the Gamgeo process, it did so on the occasion referred to with very scanty, very ill-founded information, with very little apprehension of the bearings of the question, and in a very hasty, intemperate manner. A trial of the comparativo merits of the meats preserved by Messrs. W. B. Tooth and Co., at their establishment, Clifton. Darling Downs, and those preserved by the Melbourne Meat-preserving Company, was made a fow days ogOj in tho presence of a number of gen .tlemen interested in squatting pursuits. A tin of the Queensland meat was opened, but, though in good preservation, it was found that the broken and sloppy appearance of the beef, surrounded as it was by a dirty, dull looking, pasty jolly, presented a most unfa- vourable contrast to the meat which was taken out of tho several tins oponed along- ado of the other by the manager of tho Mel- bourne Meat-preserving Company, with its hard and firm appearance, embedded, as it was, in a bright and amber-looking jelly. It is but fair to state that of a similar trial held in Brisbane, Queensland, a directly contrary result is recorded. It is stated that, on some Clifton tins being opened, tho meat was found to bo sweet and firm, and coverod with a clear, rich jelly. On the other hand, the company's meat was, though perfectly sound, redder in'colour, the fat not so clear, and the jelly of a brownish colour, and far from inviting. In connexion with the Mel- bourne Meat-preserving Company, it may be mentioned that they have commenced the preservation and tinning of rabbits. Thoy arc dissatisfied with tho decision of the Lon- don Society of Arts, which adjudged their meat to be slightly inferior to tho navy meat supplied by tho Deptford contractor, as tbey consider ho had an opportunity of preparing himself for the competition, by purchasing meat of extra fineness, whereas their tins were taken from stock at random. With the view of arriving at a more satisfactory decision, tho company are, it is said, considering the desirability of offering a challenge to compare their goods with the best turned out of the Admiralty manufactory at Deptford or elsewhere, for £50 or £100. The opinion of the authorities of H. M.S. Galatea was decidedly in favour of tho Melbourne company's meat in pre- ference to that supplied from tho Dept- ford yards, and there is this important dis- tinction between the two, viz., that tho Melbourno meat can bo supplied at a maxi- mum of 6d. per pound, while, according to the statement of Mr. Alderman Lush, M.P.. returns furnished to the House of Commons showed that tho Admiralty preserved meat cost lljd. per lb., and tho saving of every penny per lb. saved the country £15,000 per annum. The Victoria Meat-preserving Company, the distinctive feature of whoso process is the packing the meat in tallow, have opened new premises iu a moro central and business-like portion of tho city, with tho view of stimulating tho local demand for their meat. During their stay in Melbourno, the Hon. T. Chap, man, and the Hon. J. M. Wilson, the Tas. manian delegates to the Intercolonial Con ferenco, visited the office, and four samples of meat in tins, preserved by the com. puny, were opened for their inspection. The first was prepared after the process foi. lowed by the Melbourne Meat-preserving Company, the second by tho plan adopted by Messrs. Crosse and Blackwell, the third as practised for many years by Mr. R. M'Craokcu (one of the original partners), and the fourth was a variation from tho first. The patent boxes of meat packed in mutton lard wore also examined, and all wore pronounced by the delegates to bo the best thoy had seen, and really excellent*. They expressed a wish that a supply should bo sent over for exhibi- tion in Hobart Town, which the company readily agreed to do. A sample of meat (pre. served by a method patented by Mr. Richard Jones, Botolph-lano, London), which arrived by the Star of Peace, was opened a day or two ago, and was found to be in excellent condi tion. The process adopted differs very slightly from that in uso in Victoria, with the excep- tion of the application of what is known as the Torrecellian principio of obtaining a vacuum. It is claimed that the natural fibre of meat preserved according to tbis process is notdestroyed when cooked. TbeBallaratMoat preseiving Company will be in a position to commence operations before long, as the re- quisito number of shares has been applied for. It is probable that before long there will be plenty of work for this and all the other companies to do, for it is said there aro vast numbers of sheep on their way to this market from the interior of Queensland, as it is thought they will fetch more here than if they were boiled down. The markets aro pretty sure to be fully supplied during tho spring and early summer, as, in addi tion, the supplies from Riverina will bo numerous after shearing, especially as feed and water aro so abundant now. Tho preservation of wild fowl has lately been introduced in Victoria. A Mr. Àndersôii ua¡¡ entered largely into tho speculation, and is supplying his Melbourne agents with 21b, tins of teal, pigeon, goose, turkey, wild duck, and a variety of native carno, as well as Murray cod and bream. It is said that the gamo when opened is in every respect equal to tho same quality of game sent from England by the provision merchants. It is proposed to establish a company at Colac for the preser- vation of rabbits, which are innumerable in that neighbourhood. In Now South Wales and Queensland, public attention is again di. rected to the meat- preeorving question. In Goulburn and Sydney companies are being established, and will commence operations shortly, while on the Darling Downs, as wo mentioned before, tho preservation of sheep as an article of food is being practised with considerable success, extensive works having been erectedonthe Clifton station for thafcpur pose. All the plant and material were selected by Mr. Tooth himself in England, after inspect- ing the principal meat-preserving establish- ments in Europe ; so it may be supposed that this establishment is, or will bo, ono of tho most perfect in the colonies. At present, sheep only aro killed there, but as soon as some more buildings are erected, cattle are to be killed also. The intention is to preservo the meat principally in tins, according to Appert's principle. Since the commencement of the season 20,000 sheep have been killed and preserved. THE LABOUR MARKET. Tho demand for labour is still slack in many trades, both in town and country. In some districts agricultural labourers are said to be unable to obtain work, while in others they are very difficult to got. In tho Ovens district a large employer of labour stated publicly that he paid the men he employed 25s. per week, with board and lodging. In tho ironworkers' trade thero seems to be a great number of men out of employment, and a petition was pre- sented in Parliament on Wednesday even- ing, asking that everything the Govern- ment required in that trade that could be manufactured in the colony should be obtained here, and not imported from Eu f rope. The building trades, however, still con- tinue to find fair employment, considering wo are in the dullest time of tho- year. The sup- ply of domestic servants has been rather better of late than for some time past, but as soon as the roads are in a better state, large orders aro looked for from the country, The immigrant ship Corona arrived on the 13th inst., with 440 warrant immigrants, of whom no less than 204 were single women; but as a rulo most of the immigrants go to their friends, and do not hire out at the Government dopot. Tho rates of tradesmen's wages, as given in our monthly summary, are often questioned, and as a proof that tho highest wages are not quoted, the rates given in tho successful ten- der for tho work and labour required for tho Library front of the Parliament Houses, tho contract for which must, from its nature, bo necessarily paid by the day, will sufficiently prove. The tender of Mr. W. J. Steedmanto supply men was accepted at the following rates per day :-Masons, 11s, ; labourers, 7s. 6d. ; stone aawyor, 10s. Gd.; stone carvor, 14s.; carpenters, 10s. ; bricklayers, 11s. ; plasterers, 11s. ; plumber, 10s. 6d. ; slaters, 10s. Gd. Of course out of these rates the contractor has to make his ordinary business profit, but tbey still afford an indication of what is regarded as the market price of an eight-hours' day's work in these avocations. Domestic Servants for Town.-House- maids, £20 to £30 per annum : female cooks, £35 to £40 per annum ; malo do., 20s. to 60s. per week ; nursemaids, £20 to £30 per an- num ; laundresses, £30 to £40 per annum. For Hotels.-Cooks, mole and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; grooms, 15s. to 20s. per week. For Stations.-First-class married couples for homo stations, £60 to £80 per annum ; second class do., £50 to £60 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £50 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; nursemaids, £25 to £30 per do. ; grooms, £40 to £55 per do. For Farms -Cooks, £30 to £40 per annum : married couples, £40 to £50 por do. ; eenoral female servants, £30 to £35 per do. Station Hands.-Married couples for out stations, £40 to £50 per annum ; shephords, first class, £35 to £45 do.; hutkeopers, £25 to £30 do.; general station hands, los. per week; lads, 10s. per week. Farm Servants.-Ploughmen, lös. to 203. per week ; horse-drivers, 15s. to 20s. do. ; ordinary farm labourers, 12s. to 14s. All the above servants aro fed and lodged by their employers. Where rations are given, the following is the scale per week allowoa in Victoria :-101b. to 121b. meat (beef or mutton). 101b. flour, 21b. sugar, and ¿lb. tea. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen aro without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Among stonomasons, brick- layers, plostorers, and carpenters, an arrange- ment has been made with the employers that the rate of wages shall be 10s. per day ; builders' labourers (hodmen), 7s. per day ; pick and shovel men, 0s. per day. . Cabinetmakers.-In the best shops tho average earnings for good tradesmen are 9s. per day ; first-class hands in'upholsterers earn from £3 to £4 per week. In second-class establishments and factories the best hands earn 10s. per day ; upholsterers,, 9s. to 10s. ; polishers, 8s. to 9s. ; saw-mill hands, 103. per day of eipht hours. Work in this trade is rather dull at present. ; , .Ironfounders, Smiths, &c.; -Smiths are paid per hour, and good mon can earn on an average 10s. to 14s. per day ; fitters, Oä. to 12s. ; turners, 14s. ; moulders, Ile. to 14s. : pattern-makers, 10s. to 13s. ; mechanical engineers, 12s. to 14s. Shoeing smiths earn on an average £2 10s. por week of 10 hours per day. Stevedores Mon.-Lumpers and wool stowcrs aro paid 12s. per day ; foremen, 10s. She rate never altors, but there is often a good deal of broken timo. Donkey- engine drivers, about £4 per week ; engineers in tow boats, £1G per month. Painters.-Ordinary hands get 8s. per day, but work is not very steady in this trade. Watch Jobbers.-There is a fair demand for steady workmen at £4 per week. Jewellers, -enamellcrs, and single engravers would find ready employment at remunerativo wages. ? Coopers.-Most of the work in this trade is done by the piece ; tho wages fixed by the trade are 10s. per day of 10 hours. Carriage Builders.-Good workmen aro scarce in all branches of this trade, and can get constant employment at from £3 to £1 per week. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the rate paid is at Is. per hour. In second-class shops the earnings arc from £2 10s. to £3 por .week. In factories, the rates vary, the men ¿eing often paid by the piece. Where wages aro paid the rate is 40s. por week in factory tours. Saddlers.-This trade is in a very depressed state, and there are large numbers of men ontof employment. In bes t shops tho men earn £210s, per week, while fair workmen aro often get- ting from £110s. to £2 per week, and for rough common work the rate is from 25s. to 30s, per week -time, 10 hours per day. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to JE2 5s. Tho work in this trade is 10 hours per day. Gardeners.-First-class men-without ra- tions-for situations near town, get 50s. to 60s. per week, but the demand for best hands is very limited ; do. for country, 60s.; second class do., near town, Sos. to 42s. per week ; third class for country (with rations), 15s. to ?0s. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to _0s, per weok ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per do. each, .with board and lodging. The hours in this trade are long. Plumbers and Gasfifcters.-Good tradesmen und ready employment in this trade, and earn .£3 per week of eight hours per day. Clothing Factories.-The rates obtained in tho factories vary very much, as most of them allow work to be taken home, anditis thus im- possible to tell how long the hands work, or Low many assist. Where tho work is not taken homo, tailoresses earn from £1 to £1 16s. per week, pressers £2. In shirt-making, most of tho work is taken homo. Machinists can earn 12s. per week in factory hours, from 9 till 6. This is tho dull time in tho factories, the goods for summer not being yet com- menced, and consequently a good many hands are out of work. Bootmakers.-In the best shops for bespoko -work, the rates paid aro- Wellingtons, 14s. 6d. ; elastics, 12s. ; closing, 8s. In factories the work is paid as follows :-Rivetted work women's light make, per pair, 2s. Gd.; do, .strong x_sks, ?s, 3â,; maids', Is, 9d. fa 2s.; .?men's strong rivetted, 2s. 2d. to 4s. Gd. per pair. Good clickers earn from 45s. to 55s. per week ; peg work, from 40s. to 60s. por do. ; finishers, from 40s. to 00s. per do.; boys, from 10s. to _0s. per do.; women machinists, from 153. to 35s. per do, First- class rivetters aro scarco, ¡but general workmen are plontiful. Farriers,-First class foremen get about £3 per week ; door men, from £2 to £2 10s. ; timo 10 hours per day. Farriers for the -country get from 20s. to 30s. por week, and. their board and lodging. Miners.-The average rate for miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight hours' shift ; breaksmen get a slightly higher rate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz miners in deep sinking, for pit-work, got £2 10s. ; ordinary quartz-miners, £2 5s. and £2, according to the character of the work ; engi- neers got from £3 10s. to £3 ; ordinary labourers, 5s. to Gs. Gd. per day. In Bendigo a great deal of the mining is done on tribute. At the Aloxandra diggings the miners get 8s. 4d. per day. At Wood's Point the rate has been £3 per week, 10 hours per day ; the pro- prietors attempted to reduce it, and a strike ensued, and as it was found impossible to engage men from other gold-fields at the rate of £2 8s. per week of eight hours per day, an agreement was at last come to with the men on strike, at the rato of £2 10s. per week, eight hours per day. DIAMOND MINING, ?For two or three months past there has been little to say about diamond mining. It is not that the district worked for gems is becoming exhausted ; far from it. But since tho wet weather set in, somo time ago, at Two-milo Flat, CudgegongRiver (in common with other ports of New South Wales), one flood has succeeded another, and attempts to resume operations where they wore carried on beforo appear to have been completely frustrated. The Australian Diamond Mining Company, as well as the other companies on the gronnd, bave not been able to mine to any oxtont worth speaking of for at least two months ; and the probability is that we shall not again hear of diamonds being obtained in large numbers until the dry weather sets in. Some inquiry has been made as to how often floods at Mudgee may be looked for ; they are not uncommon, but seldom so damaging as the recent floods have been. A sale of diamonds from the Mudgee Gold and Diamond Mining Company, N.S.W., took place at the offices of Mr. H. A. Coffey on the 4th inst. It was well attended, and the bid- ding for somo of the finer specimens were very spirited. The prices ranged from £19, which was paid for a stone of the finest quality, weighing two carats, down to a very small price for the inferior specimens, which wore only fit for glass- cutting. Tho diamonds, numbering 121 in all, were disposed of at prices which were considered satisfactory. While for some timo post reports of the occa- sional finding of precious stones in gold mining districts have been considerably less frequent than formerly, news has just been received of tho finding of diamonds 25 miles from the inland depot town of Fort Bnrko, on the Upper Darling, New South Wales. No particulars are given, but the fact is men- tioned in connexion with the discovery of gold 100 miles northward of Fort Burke. THE WEATHER. The weather during the greater part of the aast month has been generally dull, with almost daily showers of rain, especially to- wards the end of June, when somo very bois- terous and squally days were experienced. The amount of rain which has fallen during the year has been unusually heavy, being 15'lOin., au amount in excess of that which has fallen during any corresponding period of tho last 11 or 12 years. The rainfall during Juno was 3 32in , which has only been once exceeded, viz, in June 1859, when it reached to 4.51in. Tile roads in tho country districts have been rendered almost impassable for vehicles, and the farmers complain that ploughing and sowing are out of the ques- tion, The rivers and creeks have risen very high, but have not, as a rule, overflowed their flanks. Within the last week an agreeable change has taken place, fine bracing winter weather having succeeded tho dull, wet, un- pleasant dayB previously experienced. There cave been lately heavy falls of snow on the S18*}. Ia.nas oí tñe southern border of New South Wales. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of tho traffic (on tho Govern >ment lines of railway for the week ending 7th July, show a very considerable falling off when compared with the returns for the correspond- ing period of last year. No doubt this falling off is to bo attributed to the bad state of the roads throughout the country, and tho very depressed state of trade generally. With the view of working the linos more economically, the Government have taken off one mixed tram per day on the Ballarat and Echuca lines. Tho return for the carriage of passon gcrs for tho week amounts to £3,044 11s. Id., as compared with £3,183 4s. 4d. for the same penod last year, showing a falling off to the amount of £13813s. 3d. The sum derived for mails, rents, &c;, is £586 2s. 3d., as compared with £128 2s. Gd. lost year, showing an increase of £467 19s. 9d. The amount re ?e,ved for tho carriage of goods and minerals is £6,050 4s. Id. as against £6,930 11s. 5d., showing a falling off in this branch of the returns of £1,880 7s. 4d., as compared with the corresponding period last year. Tho receipts lor the transit of cattle amount to £G81 8s., °f ëfSo11?* £880 6s- 7d" snowing a redaction w tlJB 18s, 7d, as compared with last year, ii10.«:*!"" returns for the week amount to £9,03416s. 3d., as against £11,445 7s. 5d. last S^ar. showing a reduction for the week of «.810 11s, 2d. The aggregate receipts to ^'»amount to £280,014 16s., as against WJ2.929 Ila, Gd, last year, giving a reduction of £12,314 15s. 5d. as compared with last year's returns. The weekly average for 27 weeks is £10,393 2s. 9d., as compared with £10,849 4s. 10d., the average for the corre- sponding period last year, snowing a weekly reduction of £456 2a. Id. The following are tho gross returns of the Victorian railways from tho 1st January in the following years : -To tho7th July, I860, £283,328 9s. Gd.; to 11th July, 1867, £274,33816s. 4d.; to 9th July, 1868, £28G,981 10s. 8d.; to 8th July. 1869, £292,929 11s. Gd.; to 7th July, 1870, £280,G14 16s. Id. The roturns# from the Melbourno and Hob son's Bay United Railway Company, for tho three weeks ending Juno 30, show a falling off in the returns from the carriage of mer- chandise, though the weekly average shows that the falling off in the returns is only of a temporary character. For the carriage of pas- sengers, tho receipts amount to £3,GOG 18s. 4d. as against £3,509 17s. 2d. for the correspond- ing period last year, showing an increase of £97 Is. 2d. The return for tho carriage of merchandise is £2,337 lGs. Gd., as against £2,48213s. 4d., showing a reduction as com- pared with last year's returns of £14710s. lOd. The total returns for tho three weeks amount to £5,94414s. 10d" as against £5,993 10s. Gd. last year, giving a reduction of £48 15a. 8d., as compared with the return for last year. The aggregate receipts to the 30th of Juno amount to £68,624 0s. Id., as against £08,112 Is., showing an increase'over last year's re turras of £51119s. Id. The weekly avorogo is £2,65319s. 4d. as against £2,034 3s. 4d. last year, showing a weekly increase of £191Gs. over last year. THE OPERA. Lyster and Smith's Italian and English Opera Company commenced their second season in Melbourno on the evening of Mon- day, 4th July, with tho performance of Verdi's ' 'H Trovatore. " During their 12 weeks' absence in Sydney, they added considerably to their acting repertoire, and have promised in the prospectus of the present season to produce no less than 13 operas, in addition to those previously performed hero by them. It is generally considered that the fulfilment of this promise is highly problematical. Up to the present time we have had " II Trovatore, " "Lucrczia Borgia," " Un Bailo in Maschora," "Martha," "Ernani," "Maritana," "Faust," "II Barbiere," and Verdi's "I VespriSicil- iano-" Of these "Martha" and "IVespri" were the only operas which had not been per- formed during the previous season. This would leave us 11 works whose production would be new to Melbourno by this company, to be crowded into a spaco of little more than seven weeks. There is a marked improve- ment in the general stamp of the per- formances: a greater smoothness and finish being distinctly obsorvablo since their re- turn. The English company, which in- cludes Madame Simonsen, a most talented and versatile artiste, as prima donna, has been strengthened by the promo- tion of Mr. Farley fiom the ranks of tho chorus to the position of first bass. This gentleman, as far as voico is concerned, pos- sesses the necessary qualification, and as he has also some aptitude, he will soon be fitted for the general run of basso parts in this branch of opora. Signora Baratti, the prima donna assolata, is moro than ever a favourito with tho peoplo of this city. Her manner, which was always artless and winning, now displays moro of intelligence and refinement, while her vocal powers seem to have been strengthened and confirmed under the severo training of the last two seasons. Tho production of "I Vespri Siciliani " has thus far been the event of the season. It was placed on tho stage in a most liberal manner ; new scenes of great beauty had been expressly painted by Mr. Hennings, the chorus had been strengthened, and a corps de ballet engaged. Under these circum- stances every justice was done to the maestro, and a complete success has to bo recorded. People aro apt to maleo invidious com- parisons when witnessing this performance between it and the " nnguenots, " but there can be no doubt that while tho novelty lasts this opera will prove apiece de resistance to the management. We must also noto, in connexion with tho performance of Gounod's "Faust, an immense improvement upon the former efforts of the company. Baratti's Mar- guerite is now a most beautiful impersona- tion of that interesting heroine. The company is not yet of equal strength, thoro being room for improvement in tho contralto voice, and notably so in the baritone, while the place of basso profundo is absolutely vacant The at- tendance, which has hitherto been respect- able, is now, under the influence of novelty, becoming crowded. THE THEATRES. Tho principal events that havo occurred here in the theatrical world since the last mail left have been the conclusion of the en- gagement of Mr. and Mrs, Bandmann at the Theatre Royal, and the reappearance at tho same leading place of amusement of the Eng- lish and Italian Opora Company, who, since leaving Melbourne several months ago, had carried out a most successful season in Sydney, the metropolis of the neighbouring colony of New South Wales. During tho Bandmann engagement tho pieces which were best recoived by the public were the "Duko's Motto" and "Narcisse," in the leading characters of both of which Mr. and Mrs. Bandmann have made themselves especial favourites. On tho 1st inst. the per- formances were for tho benefit of Mrs. Band mann, when the theatre was fairly filled, ex- cept in the dress circle. At the end of the first piece-"The Lady of Lyons"-Mr. Band mann went before the curtain, and in a short speech thanked the audience for the hearty reception given to Mrs. Bandmann. _ He also took the opportunity of expressing his thanks to the managers of the Theatre Royal for the manner in which the pieces he had appeared in had been put on the stage, stating that he considered they could not have been produced better in any theatre in the world. The dramatic season was brought to a close on the 2nd inst A very interesting ceremony took place during tho month, the occasion being the presentation to Mrs. Bandmann of an address, illuminated and engrossed on vellum, and a plain band gold bracelet, with a raised scroll on the front, in which wore set some pure brilliants beautifully cut, with two pearls and two emeralds. The subscriptions for the pre- sentation were gathered together within ono hour by a number of Mrs. Bandmann's friends and admirers, who expressed in the address their very high appreciation of Mrs. Band- mann's histrionic abilities. A pianoforto concert was given on the 2nd instant by Mons. Charles Wehlé, in tho Prahran Town hall, to a numerous and critical audience. M. Wohle was assisted in the piano parts of the entertainmont by Mr. Montague, and Mrs. Cutter, a lady who has recently created quito a sensation in Mel- bourno, agreeably varied it by singing several musical selections. Tho concert was con- sidered to be quite good enough for tho most cultivated circles ol either London, Paris, or Berlin. A performance was given at the Theatre Royal on the 27th inst, for the benefit of the Society for the Relief of the Educated Poor, the perfoimers being Mr. and Mrs, Charles Mathews, who very generously gave their services in aid of the charity, Air. Coppin, Mr. W. B. Gill, and Mr. and Mrs. Bandmann. Mr. Coppin and Mr. Gill also played gratui- tously. The pieces presented were tho old farco of "The Artful Dodger," the comedy of "Only an Actor," tho burlesque of "The Golden Fleece," and "A Regular Fix." Tho house was crammed in every portion, and tho acting was worthy of the large audience, the very talented artistes rendering the parts al- lotted to them in a manner almost sufficient to defy criticism. Mrs. Mathews as Medea in "The Golden Fleece" received tumultuous opplause, and thero is no doubt that when- ever that lady chooses to appear again in tho same part in Melbourno she will command a crowded audience. On the 30th inst, a musical entertainment called a farewell recital, to Mr. Heller, the magician and musician, was brought off at the Princess's Theatre. Mr. Hellorwas as> sisted by Mrs. Cutter and other vocalists. The theatre was well filled, and perfect satis- faction was afforded to tho audience. Westona Opera-house, formerly known as St George's-hall, has been opened during tho month for negro and vocal and instrumental performances. During the first portion of the timo the boards were occupied by artistos who were tolerably well known hero, but on tho 7th inBt. tho company was considerably strengthened by the addition of Miss Nellio Hosmcr, Mr. Frank Jones, Mr. Alex. O'Brien, and Mr. W. E. Rogers, who hove recently arrived from California. Miss Hosmer and Mr. O'Brien havo already become warm favonrities, the former through her vocalisa- tion, and the latter by his dancing. The other two gentlemen named havo also secured a large share of public approbation, and the hall has been very well attended since the new arrivals appeared. The Princess's Theatre was ro-opened on tho 9th inst. for the production, for the first time in Melbourno, of Mr. Tom Taylor's play, of "Mary Warner," tho part of thehoroine being filled by Mrs. Mary Gladstane, a new nrrival from America, the other characters being taken by the members of tho Theatro Royal company. Mrs. Gladstane was recoived extremely well, and triado a favourable im- pression, which sho has since maintained ia the run the piece is still commanding. AMUSEMENTS. With the exception of some pedestrian sports there has been nothing doing during the month in the way of outdoor amusements which was interesting to the general public. Foot-racing has, however, occupied no small share of the attention of those who are dis- posed to favour athlotic exorcises. In the first place some sports were brought off on Saturday, Jane l8, on the M.C.C. ground, tho principal event of which was a 10-mile race, for (as advertised) a cup, value £15, with £75 added, between Mat. Higgins, of Melbourno, and Alfred Austin, of Sydney. The advan- tage was all on tho sido of the Melbourne man, who accomplished the distance with perfect ease, notwithstanding that some por- tions of the ground wero very soft and heavy, in (37.}min, Thero was not tho slightest doubt that Higgins could havo run tho distance in less than the hour had his opponent pressed him to exert his powers. The great ovent in the foot-racing world was, however, the 300 yards race on the 25th June, between F. Hewitt, the English cham- pion, and J. G. Harris, the Australian cham- pion of short-distance races. These men wero originally matched to run five events, at £100 on each side for each event, making £1,000 stakes in all. So great was the favour in which tho Victorian representative, Harris who, by the way, is a nativo of tho colony was held, that at the time fixed for bringing off tho matches, he was as much fancied with tho betting fraternity as Hewitt was, The races were 100 yards, 150 yards, 200 yards, 300 yards, and 440 yards. The first and lost of these wero won by Hewitt, the 150 yards and 200 yards by Harris, and a dead-heat was the result of the 300 yards event. The latter was not run off at the time, and Hewitt went to Sydney, but eventually, after a consider- able deal of chaffering, the match of the 25th instant was agreed upon. It was then run on a straight rink, made specially for the occasion on the Friendly So- cieties' grounds, and terminated in such an easy victory for Hewitt, that ill-natured per- sons, and not a few others, publicly ex- pressed tho opinion that the Englishman could beat the Victorian at any distauco whenever ho chose. The official time was stated to be 30$sec., but by others it was said to be 32aec, and the latter was probably cor- rect, as Howitt could have run tho race in less time than he did if he had beon called upon to do so. A good deal of dissatisfac- tion was expressed about the race, and the opinion was openly stated that Harris could have pressed his opponent moro closoly if ho had chosen. The first day's racing of the Melbourne Cricket Club's Athletic Winter Sports was held on Saturday the 2nd inst., the contests in most instances being very good. The Mel- bourno Handicap, with prizes of £30, £G, and £4, caused some good racing. Higgins won the first prize, Ford the second, and Michie the third. A Quarter-mile Maiden Plate, run in heats, was won easily by Attrill, and a One-mile Handicap Bicycle Race was carried off by J. Royal, a boy, who beat his oppononts by about 250 yards. Tho second day's sports of the same club are to take place on Saturday next. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS- PITAL. The following is the list of the deaths that have taken place in tho Melbourne Hospital since our last summary, specifying, as far as is known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : Armstrong, Denis, hawker, aged GO, native of Ireland; arrived by British Sovereign, date unknown ; died July 11, of bronchitis. Billing, Wm., printer, aged 58, native of London ; arrived in 1363 by the Agincourt ; died Juno IG, of cancer of the liver. Bato- man, James, butcher, aged 67, nativo of War- wickshire ; arrived in I860 by the Great Britain ; died June 17, of softening of the brain. Bradley, Jane, domestic, aged 37, native of Ireland ; arrived in 185G by the James Baines ; died Juno 29, of disease of the heart. Bowden, Henrietta, aged 42, native of Lincolnshire ; arrived in 1840 ; far- ther particulars unknown ; died Juno 22, of phthisis. Baxter, Mary, aged 47, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1854 by tho Charles ; died July 3, of phthisis. Bürgin, Edward, miner, aged 03, native of Derbyshire ; arrived in 1S50 by tho Red Jacket ; died July 6, of phthisis. Campion, Mary, aged 38, native of Ireland : arrived in 1853 by tho Ocean Monarch ; died June l8, of psoasa abscess. Canaole, Bridget, aged 48, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1851 by the John Knox ; died Juno 21, of tetanus. Daniels, Richard, watchmaker, aged 54, nativo of Plymouth ; arrived in 18G2, ship un- known ; died June 29, of effusion of blood on the brain. Ford, Ann, alias Ellen Findley, aged 35, native of America ; arrived in 1859 by tho William ; died June 22, of phthisis. Grocatt, Mary, cook, aged 40, place of birth unknown ; arrived in 1862 by the Hotspur ; died July 9, of dropsy. Hurst, Robert, labourer, aged 52, native of Ramsgate ; arrived in 1818, ship unknown ; died July 9, of pneumonia. Horne, Charles, labourer, aged 44, native of High Wickham ; further particulars unknown ; died Juno 23, of cerebral disease. Lewis, John, miner, agod 45, native of Manchester; arrived in 1852, by the Mount Stewart ; died Juno 30, of anourism of the aorta. Lancaster, Jano, aged 39, nativo of Lancashire ; arrived in 186G, by tho Albatross; died June 19, of phthisis. Morgan, Thomas, seaman, aged 25, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1860, ship unknown : died July 7, from exhaustion from abscess of right jaw. Moran, Margaret, aged 26, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1865, by tho Southern Eagle ; died July 7, of phthisis. Murray, Mary, aged G1, nativo of Ireland ; further particulars unknown ; died July 8, of disease of the brain. Newman, Letitia, aged 25, native of Scot- land, further particulars unknown ; died July 7, of pneumonia Pickering, Thomas, waiter, aged 45, nativo of Essex ; arrived in 1857, ship unknown ; died June 21, of phthisis. Salter, Emily, aged 48, native of Wales ; nrrived in 1870 by the Great Britain ; died June 17, of paralysis. Sweeney, Ellen, do mes tie, aged 26, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1S67 by the Vernera ; died June 28, of phthisis. Sculley, Catharine, domestic, aged 21, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1869 by the Corona ; died Juno 30, of typhoid fever. Schwab, Ruth, aged 33, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1860 by the Ocean Chief ; died July 7, of phthisis. Talbot, Richard, aged 25, native of Ireland, arrived in 1867 by the John Temperly ; died July 8, of phthisis. Tomkins, Thomas, groom, aged 42, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1870 by the Penola; died June 29, of pleurisy. Weischer, Jacob, tailor, aged 40, native of Germany ; arrived in 1870, ship unknown j died June l8, of softening of the brain. Warren, Mark, labourer, aged 20, native of Devonport ; arrived in 1854, ship unknown ; died Juno 17, of hydatid of the lung. Wat- son, Mary, aged 39, native of Wales ; arrived in 1853 by tho Sultana; died Juno 29, of disease of the heart. Wilson, Catharine, aged 40, native of Ireland : arrived in 1850 by the Earl Grey; died July 4, of heart disease. NEW ZEALAND NOTES. The news from New Zealand this month is of a decidedly pacific character, and hopes aro entertained, with somo prospect of thoir being realised, that the nativo difficulty may soon bo settled in such a manner as to avoid any further collision between tho co- lonist« and the original possessors of the soil. The colonial Parliament has entered upon its duties for the session, and in his opening speech the Governor took occasion to congratulate the country upon tho steady progross which had boen mado during the past year, under exceptional diffi- culties, in the suppression of nativo disturb- ances ; the restoration of order, the establish- ment of friendly relations with the nativo race, and the renewal of industrial enterprise in recontly disturbed districts ; and he ox pressed a hope that the Assembly would continuo to strengthen tho peaceful rela- tions which it had been the policy of tho Government to initiate. It was pro- mised that the work of colonisation, stopped for a timo by the war, would _bo renewed, by means of encouraging immigration and constructing public works. Tho Ministry also intimated their intention of introducing, amongst other measures, bills to próvido for tho re-adjustment of the representation- and, vote by ballot, and tho ro-unitingof Otago and Southland at their own desires. With tho view of developing the resources of the country, by opening up districts hitherto but little settled, it is proposed to undertake ox tensive railway works in various parts of tho islands. There is every probability of tho Nelson, and Cobden, and Westport Railway being soon 'commenced, Mr. Brogden, M.P., a large railway contractor in England, having undertaken the work. The Provincial Coun- cil of Otago has lately passed a resolution in favour of setting aside 600,000 acres of land for the purpose of guaranteeing the interest on the cost of constructing tho Southern Trunk Railway, and it is stated that the Bank of Otago has agreed to advance a vory large sum of money for this purpose. Nor are these the only public works to be undertaken on an extensive scale. It is proposed to construct a telegraphic cable be- tween Australia and Now Zealand, and a por- tion of the new loan of £1,000,000, which the Imperial Government have at length con- sented to guarantee, will no doubt be ex- pended in carrying this project into execution. The business of the session has hitherto pro- ceeded with more harmony than was antici- pated, and it is confidently expected that the Fox Ministry will retain office for some time to come, if their budget is accepted. There are, however, several important matters to be dealt with upon which considerable difference of opinion exists, notably the abolition or re- tention of the provincial system. The ques- tion will be distinctly raised on a motion given by Mr. Reynolds to abolish provinces, and constitute the North and South Islands separate Governments, with a federal union. Mr. Vogol, tho'Colonel Treasurer, has sub- mitted his Budget in the House of Représen- tatives. The estimated revenue is set down at £1,056,000, and the estimated expenditure at £1,050,000, leaving a surplus of £6,000 on the year. From various sourcos-recoveries, &c-it; was estimated there would bo in addi- tion over £72,000 available for the year, making a surplus of £78,000 at the end of the year. That surplus it was proposed to leave to be dealt with next session, when a decision could bo come to whether to pay off debts or reduce taxation. In dealing with tho war question, it was proposed that provision should bo taken for five years, the amount for the first year being £180,000, for tho second £100,000, and for tho threo following £150,000. Upon the important subject of reciprocal arrangements with other colonies and countries, it was proposed to avoid technical duties as to imposition of deferential duties, ,by taking power by act to pay bonuses on cer- tain imports according to agreements, such bonuses not to exceed in any case the amount of duty. As an assertion of tho principle, it was proposed at once to givo a bonus of 2s. per gallon on Australian wines importod in bottle, and Is. por gallon on such wines in wood. Mr. Vogel considorod that tho tariff required adjustment, and proposed to increase tho duties upon such articles as butter, cheese, flour, potted meats, wheat, barley, hay, saddlery, furniture, wine in bottle, &c;, but to decrease that levied on sugar, manufactured iron goods, brewery or distillery plant, &c.; The finan- cial debate has commenced, but the result is not yet known. An opinion is expressed^ in some quarters that questions of such im- portance should not be decided by a mori- bund House, and out of doors many of the alterations in the tariff aro condemned. The House has sanctioned, by resolution, tho collection of the increased duties, but the decreases proposed will not como into force until October 1. With tho view of meeting the wants of tho colony in tho shape of roads, railways, and immigration, it was proposed to enable tho provinces of the North Island to acquire a landed estate to tho amount of £200,000, tho cost to be charged upon the provinces, aud the lands, or their proceeds, to bo used for railway or immigration purposes ; to spend £400,000 upon roads in the North Island ; and to give an equal amount to the Middle Island, to be spent exclusively on railways, to bo divided amongst the provinces in proportion to their recepts from the consolidated re- venue. It was also proposed during the next 10 years to construct a system of railwoys in tho North and Middle Islands, payment to be made in money orby guarantee, subsidy or land: to ad vaneo during the samo period £200,000 for water supply on the gold-fields, to spend £60,000 on telegraph extension, and £1,500,000 on immigration. So far as can be gathered, the sense of the House is against the Ministry except in regard to the tariff changes, which will probably be carried through in the form proposed. It is announced that, if defeated, the Government will advise an immediate dissolution, the re-distribution of represen- tation being first attended to. Tho treatment the colong experienced ot the hands of the Imperial Government has been discussed in the House of Re- presentatives. Mr. M'Gillivray, in a tem- perate speech, in which ho strongly con- demned Lord Granville's treatment, which was calculated to drive the colony to separa- tion, moved that the Imperial Government had failed in its duty towards the colony. The debate has not yet been concluded. The war news of the month, if the pursuit of a few straggling fugitives can be dignified with the title, is of a very meagre description, as all extensive operations against the rebels have had to be discontinued during the winter season. Te Kooti, with a remnant of his former band, is still supposed to be hiding in the impenetrable bush in the neighbour- hood of Waioeka, but the desertion of his followers, his want of ammunition, and tho discouraging effect his recent reverses have had upon Lim, have rendered him almost powerless. Tho Uriwera natives have been reduced to subjection, and are not likely to occasion any further trouble. Lieutonant Hamilton, with a small mixed force of natives and Europeans, has been actively engaged in the neighbourhood of Lake Waik aremoana, and has succeeded in capturing many rebels, while still moro havo. sur- rendered. All tho cultivations and pahs round the lake have been destroyed, and pro- visions sufficient to fsupply 1,000 men for 12 months havobeen taken or destroyed. Tho ne- gotiations which have been carried on be- tween Mr. M'Lcan, the Defence Minister, and tho King party aro likely to lead to tho establishment of friendly relations be- tween the latter and the Colonial Go- vernment. The King is reported to bo strongly desirous that nothing should be done to cause further hostilities, and with rofor enco to Te Kooti has been heard to remark, that so long as ho remained quiet, well nnd good, but that if he ever roso up again to ficht they would put lum down by force. The little dispute which bids fair to arise between tho Wanganui natives and the Government, on the subject of remuneration for their services during tho recent campaign, has been ami- cably settled by the allies agreeing to accept £12,500, instead of £15,000, in lieu of all claims. The Governor liad presented Majors Kemp, Ropato, and Morgan, the nativo com- manders, with swords of honour sent them'by tho Queen. The swords wore splendidly mounted with silver, and bore the inscrip- tion :-"Given to (the name), by Queen Vic- toria, for his unfailing loyalty and valour. Moy you long live to wear it in health and honour." Mrs, Fox, thowifoof tho Premier, buckled on the swords. By the last mail the intelligence was received that Lord Napior, of Magdala, was opposed to the employment of Ghoorkas in suppressing tho native out- break. It is fortunate that the assistance of these hardy warriors is not required, though it is doubtful whether it was ever seriously contemplated to engogo them for such a purpose. Some 40 of tho Maori prisoners have re- cently boon put upon their trial for high treason. Somo of them wcro!fine-built, de- fiant-looking fellows, who had been, no doubt, some of To Kooti's best fighting men. but the majority wore old and decrepid. Tbey pleaded guilty, urging in extenuation of their offence that To Kooti frightened thom into joining him, as ho carno amongst them with a numerous band of followers. Thoy wore sentenced to death, but were told that that sentence would not bo carried out, but that the Government would award them their punishments. The social nows of the month is of a vory meagro character. Archdeacon Hadfield has been nominated by tho diocesan synod as Bishop of Wellington, «ice Bishop Abrahams, who resigned his seo, and he will no doubt bo elected. The volcano of Tongariro is in a state of active eruption, and tho red glare has been seen from Runanga mountain, and from Tapuaehamru, at tho north end of Lako Taupo. Reports from it had been heard at Nopier as loud as from a park of artillery, and occasionally sounds like thunder have been heard at Runanga, which is situate 50 miles in a direct Uno from Tongariro. It is said there aro two points of eruption, ono on the top and tho other on the sido of tho mountain. The news from tho gold-fields continues of a satisfactory chnTactor, though nono of tho extraordinary yields which were reported so frequently some months ago are now hoard of. Tho total amount of gold sent down to Dunedin by escort during tho first six months of tbisyear\was6G,958oz. lOd^vt.'jwhich shows an increase over the samo period of * .tho past - ' ? .. > < 11 year of about 2 per cont. A serious flood has occurred in tho Molyneux, causing much destruction of life and proporty. NOTES FROM THE SEA. BURNING OF A PASSENGER SHIP AND LOSS OF 120 SOULS. (FIlOM THE S. A. REGISTER. JULY 12.) The destruction of a ship by fire is at all times a most appalling spectacle, but when it is known that a number of fellow-creatures have also perished it becomes doubly so ; and in one of those terrible dramas the Murray (just arrived in our waters) played an im- portant part, although she was powerless to rescue many from the devastating elements. Captain Begg gives a graphic description of the occurrence, from which it appears that on tho night of May 26, in lat. 23deg. 40min. S., long. 37dcg. 60 min. W., ono of tho hands at the masthead reported a singular illumina- tion astern, and on closer inspection tbe re- flection became moro apparent, and attora very short interval it was affirmed to be a ship on fire. In order to clearly ascertain tho truth, the Murray's course waa changed, and all sail made. The distance was then computed at 30 miles, and after sailing for an hour thero was immediately seen to be a vessel on fire, and in the excessive darkness of tho night it was indeed a most appalling spectacle, as a noarer approach disclosed the form of a large ship being devoured by the flameB, which shot high aloft, lighting up for an immenso dis- tance the surrounding gloom. At 2 a in. the distance was considerably lessened, and tho Murray closed with the burning wreck, having previously prepared her boats for lowering, with hands at tho davit-falls, and every pos- sible arrangement was made to meet the emergencies of the case. Then a bitter cry came from the watery darkness, and the boat was lowered, maintopsail hove back, and a gallant crew pulled away into the shade of night towards the sound. There was found a water-logged boat, with four men clinging to her, whilst every wave rolled completely over them. Subsequently, it was known that this boat had been lowered from tho burning ship, and a rush of passengers made to her ; consequently she filled, and only four survivors were left to tell their miserable tale. The Murray remained close to the burning apoctaclo until daylight, when she stood towards the vessel, which was one mass of flame from stem to stern. Her masts were gone, and the deck fore and aft added fuel to the fire, and as day dawned it was seen with delight that three other vessels had been attracted to the scene, and as the ship drifted down on her, people weie seen clinging to a wreck of floating spars which hung to windward. A schooner was noar, which sent away a boat to assist, and the Murray's boats were also engaged in the work of rescue. Although a strong breezo was blowing all but two wero taken off. At this juncturo the wind and sea increased, so as to render it impossible to make f urthor exertions, and tho two unfortunates wero in such a position that the boats could not get near them, and they seomed quite ex- hausted and insensiblo to tho efforts being made to savo them. The wholo sceno was of a most exciting and lamentable character, as from subsequent inquiries it was found that tho ill-fated ship was tho Mannin Bara bino, an Italian barque, bound from Genoa to tho River Piato, with 150 passengers on board besides the crew. On comparing notes after- wards it was found that over 120 were lost by fire and water. Of course, want of an inti- mate knowledge of their language renderod it difficult to obtain minuto details from tho survivors, but it was understood that firo from tho cook's galley had by some moans ignited the deck, and tho combustion of the cargo, which was mainly spirits, was a very rapid process, The fore end of-the vossol early blew up, sending the entire foremost and gear over to windward ; and to this pro- vidential circumstance may bo attributed tho salvation of the few saved, for tho ropes, sails, spars, and gear served as a kind of raft on which thoy were buoyed till assistance arrived. The vessels in attendance wero the French barque ' Adele Louise, from Bordeaux to the River Plato ; the French barque Caldero, from Havre ; and a Dutch schooner homeward bound. Captain Begg sent his boat to the Adele,. which was sailing to the destination of the unfor- tunates, and he offered to tranship those rescued, supposing the master was inclined to take them on. A supply of provisions aud clothes followed, and finally a subscription amongst tho passengers supplemented the offer, which was satisfactorily arranged, and after a couplo of days' detention tho Murray filled away on her course. When tho ships ported company the ill-fated craft had burned down to tho water's edgo, tbe sea making a half broach over somo parts of her, and a heavy S.S.E. gale was anticipated, conse- quently it is reasonable to suppose that had the assistance not arrived when it did thoro would have been no survivors from the doomed ship. Amongst the saved were two ladies. To those who wero injured the doctor of the Murray attended, with a view to alle- viate their sufferings. Tho whole affair was of a most harrowing description, but from tho inability of the survivors to speak English the above are the only facts to hand. WBEOK OP TUB KETOE FOLLY.-The ketch Folly, - Turner, bound from Lyttelton to Kaiapoi, with a cargo of coal, was'wrecked on the Kaiapoi bar at about 4 p.m. on Friday, 27th May. The vessel took tho bar about 3 p.m. When inside the bar the wind died away, and the ketch drifted in among tho bieakers. There was a heavy sea on at the time, and the vessel, after tossing about in tbo breakers for a few minutes, was seen to capsize, and two men were drowned. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS, The R.M.S.S. Malta, Captain N. J. Skottowe, from Sydney, anchored in the bay on Saturday evening, tho 18th ult. Sho left Sydney at 9 a.m. on tho 16th ult., and had moderate variable winds on the passage round. Aftor shipping ber mails, gold, and passengers, she left the bay on her outward voyago punctually at 2 p.m. on the 19th ult. By the arrival at Sydney, on tho 18th June, of the City of Melbourne with tho mails via California, we were placed in possession of some telegraphic items of news which did not previously reach us vid Galle, although the dates by that opportunity were not so lato by throo dajs as tho intelligence brought a fortnight before by tho P. and O. Company's R.M.S S. Geelong. Some idea of the relative value of these sorvices, so far as English corre- spondence is concerned, may now be formed, and may.be thus stated. The telegraphic dates wo received from England wore (not so lota by three days as those wo recoived via Galle, and wo got the intelligence 14 days later, thus being 17 days in arrear. Letters and passengers will be about the samo timo between London and Melbourne as thoy would bo by the steamship Great Britain on the Capo routo. At Sydney, the comparison is not so unfavourable to the Californian route, as the City of Melbourne will havo de- livered letters of the Bamo dato as thoso brought by the Geelong only nino days be- hind her, or within a week after the contraot time of the P. and O. Company. Itmay there- fore be anticipated that when the now line is worked by a powerful class of steamers, and the times aro accurately calculated so as to occasion no delay on the way, London let tors will be delivered by this route at Sydney as speedily, ornearly so, as by the present sor vico via Suez, and Melbourne letters threo days later. Tho great advantago, however, of the new lino of route will bereapod by Now Zealand, as the mails brought for that colony by the Goolong would not roach beforo tho 12th or 13th inst., while thoso by tho City of Melbourne reached Auckland early on the morning of tho Uth-a gain to that colony, evenundertho present arrangements, of onoor two days. Wo observe by the intelligence re- ceived, that after August tho Californian mail will leave every four weeks, alternating with the Peninsular and Oriental tervice via Suez, by which the value of tbo service will bo much enhanced, providod that tho mails can bo 60 accelerated on their way that they alter- nate here with thoir delivery as regularly as at home with their despatch. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S.S. Malta, Captain N. J. Skottowe, with the European and Indian mails via Suez, anchored in tho bay shortly aftor 6 o'clock on the Gth inst, after an excellent run of fivo days nine hours from King George's Sound to Hobson's Bay. Tho Malta loft this port for Galle on tho 19th ult., with tbo Australian and Now Zealand mails for England, on her way to King George's Sound, whore Bho arrived at noon on the 27th ult., but, owing to a series of mishaps, this steamer was prevented from going on to Galle. The mails, cargo, and passengers wore transhipped to and from tho Avoca; tho Malta then started on her return voyago to Melbourne, and reached Hobson's Boy, as stated, on the evening of the Gth instant. STATE OF TRAM. , . . _ ' i Last month wo ventured to express «tho liopo that tho advent of tbo latter hajf of ' tho year might impart an improved aspect to busi- ness generally, and we were not disappointed in our anticipations. The month opened out with a gradual improvement in trado, and a satisfactory revival in confidence, which had every appearance of beingof apermanont cha- racter, until a reaction was again created by the sudden announcement of the suspension of the firm of Messrs. John M'Geo and Co., whole- sale grocers and storekeepers, with lia- bilities amounting to close on £50,000; and though the upright and straight- forward manner in which thoy acted, in calling in their creditors immediately on as- certaining their position, went far to re- establish confidenos, yot wo are compelled to admit that a most unpleasant feeling has beon allowed to gain ground, and as tho same causes wbich ultimately led to the failure re- ferred to are known still to exist distrust has again been aroused, and tho want of business transactions is at tho present moment as much traceablo to the refusal on tho part of sellers to entertain transactions which in- crease their firms' responsibilities, in the shnpo of bills receivable as to any dis- inclination on tho part of buyers to operate moro freely ; and at no poriod of the year has this been so much felt as during tho last fortnight. A meeting in the estate referred to was hold on the Gth instant. Tho statement submitted showed liabilities amounting to £47,954, of which amount £14,000 of tho sum duo to the bank is secured. The contingent liabilities amount to £31,715. The assets-including stock-in trade £21,571, a portion of which is hold by the bank, open accounts £14,098, and private property £8,700, also held by tho bank-aro estimated at £44,970, showing a deficiency of £2,984. The losses by bad debts in tho course of two years wore stated to reach not less than £20,000. The meeting was adjourned till tho 8th inst, to afford an opportunity for an offer of t composition being made, Mr. Langton being at the samo time appointed to oxamino tho books, and Messrs. H. Honty and J. Web- ster to go over tho stock and report generally on tho estate. At the adjourned meeting held on the day named, an offer of 10s. per £1, subsequently supplemented by Is. 3U., was made, but after some discussion it was agrood to assign the estate to Messrs. H. Henty and J. Webster, and under tho assignment, it has since beon agreed to accept a ronowed offer made by Mr. M'Geo of 10s. per pound net for the entire estate. From tho other colonies we continuo to re- ceive advices of a reassuring nature ; and though the depression in mining matters is still exercising a most detrimental effect upon trade, wo are gratifiod to bo ablo to stato that a tendency towards improvement is beginning to be perceptible, which is so far satisfactory. Tho Eallatal Courier thus concludes an ar- ticle on tho present state of things in Bal- larat, tho capital of tho gold-Colds, and the prospects for the future now disclosing thora selves :-"Upon tho wholo, tho bright predo- minates over the gloomy, and we may safely anticipate that tho last half of tho year 1870 will in a great measure componsatc for the losses sustained during tho first six months, In June, oven the Ballarat banks purchased 32,510oz. of gold, or 2,7Hoz, moro than in May, and 10,930oz. moro than in April. This fact alone must carry weight with the most sceptical. What is wanted now chiefly is outsido capital, and tho restoration of public confidence," As may well bo supposed, transactions in tho import markets havo beon of a most re- stricted character, tho mero supply of trade requirements having occupied tho attention of dealers to tho entire oxclusion of anything bearing a speculative aspect, with tho excep- tion of an operation in malt, embracing some 13,000 bushels in ono lino, which took place just as the improvement in the markets ah eady referred to first began to be developed : this, however, is tho only transaction of equal importance which has come before us. Of candles, some 0,000 boxes have boon cleared off. In rico tho only noticeablo feature is the arrival of the Chelsea, from nong Kong, and of the Helen Malcolm, from Calcutta; the former brought 200 tons China rice, and tho latter 300 tons of Patna. In kerosono oil, and likewise salt, a heavy decline in value is ropoited. The sales of sugar com- prise only some 16,700 bags (about a third of last month's), tho'wholo of which, with the ¡.exception of 600 bags, consisted of damaged shipments. In teas littlo has transpired; some attempts were made to sell at auction, but without success. The Aquarius mado her appearance aboutafortnightago. Thobusinoss dono in brandies has almost beon confined to the disposal of damaged parcels. The arrival of tho mail was telegraphed from Adelaide on tho 2nd instant ; the steamer, however, was unable to reach the bay before the aftornoon of Wednesday, the 6th. The shipments ad- vised aro not, with some exceptions, con- sidered heavy, but tho markets havo boen little influenced thereby. The raid against fraudulent imitators of trado marks still continues, and two convic- tions against offenders havo boon obtained this month. Jabez Wheolor, of Latrobe street, was fined in the penalty of £5, and £5 5s. costs, with 8d., the price of the bottle produced in court, for using a forged or counterfeited trade mark of Messrs. Blood, Woolie, and Co., knowing it to bo such. A person named Lockett was also proceeded against for exposing for sale 20 chests of tea, bearing a counterfeited trado mark of Messrs. Moore and Co., of Melbourno. Tho Bench fined Lockett£5, with £10 10s. costs, and £2 13s. tho price of tho tea produced in court ; or, in default, a month's imprisonment in gaol. We regret to havo to record the total and complete failure of Professor Gamgoo's moat preserving pioccss, all tho trial shipments made to experiment upon having turned out bad, and fit only to bo sold to tho boiling down establishments at Id. and 2d. per lb. Holders of Queensland Government Trea- sury bills were duly notified that payment of the interest due thereon, would be mado up to the 30th ult upon application to the ma- nager of the Union Bank of Australia in this city. Mr. H. G. Turner, for many years account- ant at the Bank of Australasia, has been ap- pointed manager of the Commercial Bank m place of Mr. Vallontine, who has latoly resigned. This appointment has «ivon g0. neral satisfaction, and thedircctors havo beon congratulated on having thus secured the ser- vices of a gentleman in ovory way eligible for the position, and so acceptable to tho mer- cantile community. BXOHANGB AND MONEY. Tho rate of oxchango is steadily maintainod at ¡J por cent, premium for GO days' sight bankers' drafts on London, and inquiries for remittances aro on a fair scale. Interest and discount rates are unaltered. On deposits having 12 months to run, 5 per cent, is allowed. Six months' doposits command 4 per cent, and for deposits of three aud four months, 2 and 3 per cent, is paid. Tho banks likewiso charge a discount rato of G per cent, on two months' bills, and 7 per cont on three months' bills, while 8 por cent is re- quired for longer periods. 8TO0K AND STATIONS. Advices from the far North spoak of heavy losses on account of the floods. From tho Pastoral Times wo learn that tho losses in Carpentaria from floods aro sovore, tho Nor- man and Hinders Rivers being overflowed ; tho Plains of Promiso wore subraorged 10ft, and at Floraville Station 7,000 shoop and 70 horses wero known to bo drownod, on tho Cloncurry, 5,000 Bheop-in fact tho losses aro not known. On the Upper Bogan, Mr. Gil- more lost 2,000 sheep, andStrahorno Brothers 1,900. It is rumoured thatlö.OOO sheop porishod on "The Island," tho Uppor Lachlan. Some considerable sales of stations havo been mado during tho month. Mr. J. G. Dougharty reports having sold tho Talangatta station, in tho Beechworth dis- trict, with 2,054 cattle and 815 acres of freehold, for tho sum of £8,000, half cash, residue at ono and two years ; horses, stores, &c;, at a valuation, Messrs. Dal mnhoy Campbell and Co., in conjunction with Messrs, Goorgo Forsyth and Co., report having sold, per ordor of tho administrator of the lato John Kennedy Humo, tho Grogan and Mellong stations, in tho Lachlan district of New South Wales, togothor with 10,900 6heep and all improvements, to Mr. Georgo Telford, at a satisfactory prico. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. report the sale of the undermentioned stations : Narung, Youngira, Bumbang, Mount Myall, and Pines, situate on the Lower Murray, to- gether with about 20,450 shoop, cattlo, horses, and plant, as also 320 acres of purchased land, wero sold to tho Hon. William Campboll, M.L.C. ; Billabong Station, situate in tho Murrumbidgee district, Now South Wales, together with about 871 acres of purchased land, about 7,700 sheop, cattlo, horses, nnd plant, to Mr. John Cox ; Woollongough Sta- tion, situate in the Lachlan district, Now South Wales, unstocked, but with improve- ments, to Mr. Carlo Marino ; Punt run, in the Portland district, unstocked, with improve- ments, to Mr. A. C. M'Farlano ; Moorabbie Station, near Heathcote, with 9,332 sheop, cattle, and horsos, and improvements, to Mr. William Downs Choraley. ._ ' THE YAN YEAN REVENUE. ?'? From tho .cash and balanco sheet of tho Yan Yean Wfttcr Supply scheme for, ¡L809, wo leam that the amount of revenue derived from that scheme to dato was £659,001, that £347,914 had been repaid to tho general revonue, £1,073,335 oxpended on the construction of works, £27,220 on tho maintenance of works, £66,422 in departmental expensos to date, and £22,314 on soworage. From the cash statement, showing roceipts and expen- diture norn January 1 to December 31,1869, it appeared that tho amount of water rates collected for 18G9 was £02,358, which, with £5,120 arrears collected, mado up a total of £67,478. The rates of 1869 which remained uncollectcd at tho end of the year amounted to £4,G08, which, with £489 uncollectcd in previous years, mado tho total amount of arrears £5,098. POSTAGE BEDUOriON. It is officially announcod in the Gotiern ment Gazette that arrangements have been made with tho Government of Now South Wales for tho transmission of lottors betweon that colony and Victoria by sea, at tho re- duced rato of 3d. per half-ounce, from the 1st July, 1870. BANKS AND r-UBLIO COMPANIES. Wo havo seen a prospectus of a proposed company, to be called the Auckland Island Exploration Company (limited), to bo formed for the purpose of oxploring tho islands to recover the large treasure lost in the ship- wreck of the General Grant, prospecting for gold, or, as a last resort, doing something in seal-hunting if the other objects fail. Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufactur- ing Company.-Tho shareholders met on tho 11th inst., (when they appeared highly satisfied with the prospecta of tho com- pany. A dividend at the rato of 10 per cont. was declared, and tho issue of another 500 shares was authorised, on account of tho recent heavy outlay on tho now buildings. These buildings aro now finished, and willno in uso in the course of a fow weeks, whon tho orection of tho machinery is complotod. The report stated that during tho past half-yoar tho profits amounted to £1,701, and tho quan- tity of tweed manufactured AVOS 46,000 yards. The quantity will be much increased now that the extension to the buildings is mado. Alto- gether tho roport and balance-sheet wero looked upon as eminently satisfactory, and a vote of thanks to tho directors and managor closed the proceedings. Duke of Edinburgh Theatre.-Tho bond- holders in this undertaking wero called together on tho 27th of June by Mr. Sullivan, ono of tho trustees. The convenor informed thom that ho had applied to Mr. Young, the representativo of Mr. Mackonzio, another trustee now absent from the colony, for on inspection of the books which had been kept in connexion with the theatre, and had mot with a refusal. Ho intimatod that ho in- tended to toko legal proceedings to obtain what ho desired. Tile bondholders separated on tho understanding that they wero to bo called together again if tho books wero ob- tained, and a stntoment of accounts drawn up. It was stated that since Mr. Sullivan had assumed tho letting of tho building £148 had beon received and £213 paid away. BALLARAT BANKING; COMPANY. Tho following statement will be submitted at the half-yearly meeting of this company, to bo held at Ballarat on Tuosday, August " ïho grbsVprolllfl, RltorjmiiXlnKlpfùvlsIonror'biiOr' ntl ascertained doubtful dobta, including a balanco ot £3,301 5s. 4d. brought far» ard from last half-yoar, »mount to £10,1718s. 2d. Interest to dopoaltors and curront exponaos will absorb £2.516 IDs. BJ., loavlng« not prout of £7,024 8s. Od. for appropriation, which Îour directors recommend to bo nppllod as follows: n payment of adlvldcnd for tho lialt-yonr, at tho rato of 10 per cont. per annum, £3,C2D lis. 8d. ; addition to roBcrvo fund, £1.000 ; and balanco to profit and loss, now account, £3,604 14s. Id." STOCKS IN BOND, The following Wore the stoolcs in bond at Melbourne on July 9 :-Brandy, 6,706 hhd., 27,053 cases ; rum, 1,968 hhd., 581 coses ; geneva, 67¡_ hhd., 59,009 caaos red, 2,473 do. greon ; whiskey, 1.216.J hhd.. 4,490 cases ; gin (sweetened), 10 hhd., 4,573 cases ; cordials, 546 coses ; spirits of wino, 72J hhd. ; other «pirita, 4 hhd., 5,873 cases ; wine, 6,618 hhd., 20,394 cases ¡ boor, 2,347 hhd., 32,774 cases and casks ; tobacco, manufac- tured, 1.5CG half-tiorces, 482 quarter-tiorcca, 60 kegs, 5,625 three-quarter boxes and boxes, G,943 cases ; do,, unmanufactured, 304 hhd. and casks. 531 cases, 1,480 bolos ; cigars, 707.} coses ; candles, 740 chests, 45,115 boxes ; kerosene, 47,180 cases ; flour, 1,187 bogs ; cocoa and chocolate, 271 packages ; tea, 18,570 eheste, 40,658 haU-chests, 36,917 boxes ; coffee, 2,374 bogs, 13 tierces, 318 casks, 282 barrels; chicory, 398 bogs; sugar-Mau- ritius 90,343 bogs, Manilla 1,237 bags, Java 11,222 bags, othor 1,158 tons 161 cases and casks ; wheat, 501 bags ; opium, prepared, 217 packages ; oats, 1,055 bags ; hops, 1,356 pockets ; rico, 49,698 bags ; salt, 26,614 bags ; vinegar, 1,682 cases, 409 casks. IMPOBTS AND BXFOUTS. Tho following tablo givos the imports and tho exports of tho port since tho beginning of the year, us compared with tho correspond- ing period of 1809l-_ _ Wook Ending Import«. 1870. Exporta. 1800. 1870. Jan. 1.. Jan. 8.. Jan. 15.. Jan. 22.. Jan. 20.. Feb. C. Feb. 12.. Feb. 10.. Feb. 20.. Mar. 5.. Mar. 12.. Mar. 10.. Mar. 20.. April 2.. April 0.. April 10.. April 23.. April 80.. May 7.. May 14.. May 21.. May 28.. Juno 4.. Juno 11.. Juno l8.. Juno 25.. July 2.. July 0.. £ 208,228 303,065 340,004 410,708 817,182 800,507 253,442 227,020 245,011 200,505 170,507 100,007 160,650 172,201 180,667 217,651 127,300 200,316 178,047 142,800 241,113 807,408 206,160 201,415 107,770 283,820 178,120 400,721 £ 211,187 281,080 288,807 854,008 270 431 854.210 278,440 205,543 £01,848 218,247 222,800 170,850 188,070 274,481 221,700 140,010 211,207 823,803 163,018 270.855 270,000 183,041 241,210 178,078 181,463 104,010 147,208 380.80D £ 207,700 000,200 247,186 413,410 73,500 304,017 823,043 312,372 160,141 816,180 231,030 77,487 220.040 170,830 105,006 118,155 618,537 76,600 241,440 33.112 474.120 135,151 07,303 122,701 635,037 180,601 42,871 88,800 £ 110,500 678,005 282,087 05,831 145,610 760,002 104,808 100,020 08,083 628,413 140,010 109,179 155,805 441,580 00,878 00,830 478,210 182.850 84,035 04,702 442,810 124,172 05,008 47,180 042,005 76,830 35,670 70,057 I 0 000,122 I 0,078,333,1 0,370.803 6,057,815 During tho first period tho account stood thus : Imports .. .. _ ., £0,008,422 Exporta _ .. " .. 0,370,803 Balanco of imports over exporta £520,010 During tho second poriod ¡ Importa .. .. - _ £0,078,833 Exporta _..._" 5,067,816 Balanco of Importa ovor oxporta £720,513 Comparing tho abovo periods with oach othor, tho results aro as undor : Importa In 1800 ~ .. .. £0 000,422 Importa In 1870 .0,078 833 Docrooso in 1870 ....... £228.080 Exports In 1S00 .. £0,870,808 Exports In 1870 ~ 5,057,815 Decrease In 1870 _ _ _ £421,038 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tho Argus Olllco, Friday Evonlng. Another month of oxtromo dulnosa and want of llfo and activity has lice» paspod In tho Import markots At ono time It was opoctod that tho turn of tho half year might impart a moro satisfactory ospoct to buti- nées generally, and thora bavo boon numerous occa. etona which gavo premiso of a vory much Incroasod rodo. A gradual Improvement was sotting In, oon fldonco was reviving, and silos woro being moro freoly mado, when an unpleasant fooling was again areatod by the Budden Btoppago of Messrs. John M'Qeo, with liabilities amounting to closo on £60.000. Tho mall atcamcr arrived In Hobson's Bay on tho Otli instant, but the advices to hand, which roach to the 10th of May, havo not lniluonood tho mar- kets to any degreo, Tho Bhlpmouta for tho month, although supplemented to tho oxtont of £210,353 oi cr tho previous one, by season's soft goods, nro still moro In consonance with our wants, but It will require eovcrsl months of Hunt shipments ict to put the market right. In bulk and bottled Ixors only a very modorato buslnots his boen done. In Dundee goods, cornsacks havo hoon moro notlcod, tut woolpacks bavo been treated with studied nogloct. Cuiil't« havo maintained a Blugglsh and unsatlstaotory aspect. Thrro has been a bolter bualncBS doing In cements, l'laslor lias advanced In price. Thoro has been nothing doing In ohomloals. Chicory and coffco have not met with morothananordluary trade Inquiry. Cordago lias uotueon activo. BroadstuIIa havo shown no activity whatever. In foodlng grains moro animation has been evinced, and an lmprovod bualnoas has boon done. Tho demand for tish his boon somewhat slow, but fruits bavo mot with a better Inquiry. Blasting powder baa boon neglected. For hops a steady trade demand IitB exiBtod, but la malt bualnoss has hoon almost at a standstill. In oils wo note a further dó- cil no in kerosene Castor Is less noticed again. Oil- men's stores aro la modorato rcquoat. Provisions ?how little change. Rice has not altered much. Salt la lower. Sugar has fluctuated considerably, In teas there bas been llttlo or no stir. Tobaccoos show a »llclit iuiprov 'ment In BOHÍO dotcrtpllous. Wines and (pirlta aro exceedingly doprouod Ale aud Stout.-Hie month's buslnoss lu this niarkol has been on an oxlromcly moderate scalo, and trans- actions In bulk ales have in consequenco beon trifling and unimportant; fortunately, howover, supplies coming forward havo boen in proportion, and thors tiling no need to torca salo», price« havo boon well bUbtalncd. Ko variation whatevor has boon roporuxl during tbo month. 'For trade parcels of Bass's ale £8 6s. to £Ç IO', han boen required. Joulo'a hu also met "with purchasorn in similar Unca at £8 6«. Martian's has realised £8 5s., and tho few shipments which havo tomo forward have met with ft ready salo. ThoOirllile Company's baa boon disposed ot at £8. For Allsopp'« \- £7 168. would bo taken, hut the business dono baa beon exceedingly limited. Of bulk htout only tho .most trivial lola liavo boon quitted. Whlt 'bread'shas been placed at £512a 6d,-a hllçht retino 'tion on last month'» quotations. Bottled alen, owing to the vory cold weather prevailing, havo boon little sought alter. Tennant's in primo condition lias maintained a steady quotation of Da Od. to 0* 01,, s according to quality. Wo observe, howevor, that par «ela still continue to come forward somewhat out of .condition. A ahipmont at this description was cloarod off a couple ot wcoliB ago, at 6a. ljd. to 6a. li"!.. In bond, as It lay, with all faults, prices which at tho timo wero considered vory full value. OavonUh'a ia saleablo at 9a. Bo. to Va. Od. For Blood's we qu >to -9s. Od. Arrol'a rosita 8a. 7-Jd. Allsopp'« brinda 8s. fid. lo 8a. Od. For Aitken'« wo quoto 8* öd. Jeffrey's ia maintained at 8*. Bottled stout» have shown little activity, and the few salea effected lavo been anything but oxtonslvo. Burke'« has of lato met with moro attention, Balea having been moro freely mado at Os. Blood'« has been quitted at da. to Da. 3d. For O'Brien's daguer brand wo quoto up to Da. Maehon'a, In consnqueuco of tho nnfiatlbfnctory state of the market, has not been offering. Byass'a ia quoted at 8a, but fow aalos have transpired. Borthwick'« Ia disposed of at 7a. 3d. to 7c 6d. Bagging.-Previous to tlio mall's arrival a Blight movement In cornsackB led to tho purohaso of overy thlng which could bo got hold of at from 10s 10}d. to 11s. Slnoo then prices havo advancod, and aalos bave been made nt from Ila. 3d. to Iii. 4|d., and tilla -week Ile. Oil. has beon required. Tilla slight riso liaB been brought about by advices from Calcutta of a -very heavy rise in juto, but thoro is no gcnoral dispo- sition evinced to oporate In tho market 60 vory long before the actual demand for consumption cornea on, and no dopondence whatover can bo placed on tho movoment rofcrred to. To provo this wo havo only to look at the state of the market for woolpacks, which Is, or ought to bo, affected by tho same ciuso, and yet, though woolpacks are more in season than the others, n lowor prlco has been rullnt-, slnco the mail's arrival than could bo got previous, and our quotations to-day do not go beyond 3s. Gd. to 3s. 01, at which only a most limited trado can bo dono. Gunnlos have boon Inquired tor ; but as tho stock IB . almost entirely In the hands of tho trade, no trans ' actlonB worth spocial mention have como boforo ua. Boots, Shoos, and Loathorware- The suies effootod havo not been extensive. Wo noto, however, some 88 packages N. Joseph's goods, 1S3 packages Bostock'« and Marshall's mako, 181 packages Stead aud Simp- son's, and 147 package» other makers' having boen dlBpoeod of at various public sales. Sotno 203 packagos ot Barri» and Matthews' were also disposed of, and cn the whole satisfactory prices were realised. At a sale of leatherwaro, kipped leather brought Is. 4¿d. per lb. ; black harness, 10s. per side ; English butts. Is. 7d. por lb. ; basils malleea 5s. Od. por dozon ; and morocco, 2s. Od. Candios.-Thoro Is no improvement whatever to re portln this article Til o shipments advised this month are certainly on a more moderate scale, and that is so far satisfactory, but it will rcqulro many months of low or moderato sbipmonta to put the markot right, with a stock In bond yat of 52,000 boxes, exclusive of what is held duty paid. No attention whatever has boon directed towards tho market. Tho wholo of tbo buslnoss transacted has been absorbed by tho auction TOomB, and tho parcels offerod havo moatly conaiitod of damaged lots; about 0,300 boxes bolug thua got rid cf. Tho prices obtained this week havo not exceeded 0[Jd. to OJd. not for slightly faulty. For sound wo quoto Ojd. and lOd. to lOJd, for goo.! to best brands. The Neva Company icqulro lid. for their brand. Cement.-A fair amount of builness baa como under our notice White's Fortland has boon sold on slightly castor terms, 10a. having with difficulty been . obtained under tbo hammer tor ono Bhlptnont somo short time ago. For ordinary brands wo quote from Us. 6d. to lEs. Od.. and a consignment of an oufcddo brand in faulty condition was cloared oil at Hi. ,, American plastor has mat willi moro favour, a furtlior advance of at leut 1B. having beon established by tbo sale to arrive of a parcel of red boach at 14a. Od. A shipment ot Hal toa. Anderson, and Co.'s plastor of parlB was sold by auction at 10s. Od. ChemlcalB.-Thoro Is no alteration whatevor to report this month, as almost every article- In the markot has been treated with the utmost neglect. Soda crystals have beon disposed of in quantity at £0 10s. to £6 12B. 0J. Stocks in hand aro heavy, but ono faveurablo symptom Is that thoro are no soltera at tho prlco named of shlpmonta on which -storage charges have been Incurred. Carbonato of soda Is not looked at ; wo qnote £14. Oaustlo soda ia quoted at £16 to £10 10B., but only tho most trilling parcols can bo got rid of. For flour of sulphur a nominal quotation is maintained of £18, but thoro is very little Inquiry, and when sales aro attempted to bo puslud over £10 to £17 cannot bo got. Tartaria noid is salo »bio at Is. Cd. to Is. 7}d., but that Is all that can bo said. Cream of tartar Is valued at 12il. to 14d.. according to package Proparod opium la movod off very slowly at 22s. to 22s. Od. Chicory.-A most unsatisfactory and somowhat Irregular demand has huon oxporiencod for this pro- duct, and tho sales effected, when ontiio shipments have beon disposed of, have hitherto shown a heavy loss to Importers; for boat brands wo continue to quoto 2}d. In bond. Colonial manufactured is got rid of at Ed. Coffee-Trado In this staple has boen vory much restricted, notwithstanding that wo aro now in tlio height of tbo season. The demand for export is on a very modorato scalo, and there Is besides vory llttlo doing for local trado purposes. Quotations for planta, tion aro steady at Old. to OJd. Java Is quoted at Did. to 7d" whilo nativo Ceylon is valued at Od. to ojd From Colombo our dates roach to 11th Juno, and wo learn of tbo departure of tho Stanloy for Molbourno on tho 8th of that month. Hor cargo consists, we observe, of 2,225owt. of plantation coffee. Tlio Western Star, which arrlvod hore on tho 8th instant from Colombo, has brought vory little coffee. Confectlonory.-Wa note an oxcoedingly dull and heavy markot, unonltvonod by salos of almost any description whatever. Keillor's assortments aro nomi- nally quoted at Od. to Ojd. Salos of Batgor'a have been made under the hammer at Sd. per lb., and a shipment was quitted of another brand not stated at Sid. Salos ot candled pcol havo boen mado by ano tfon at lljd.; for asaortmonU wo quoto from 12d. to 18d. Jujubes are quitted at 18d. to 13Jd. Cordngo has shown llttlo animation, and sales being ?mall, little of a spocial character has transpired. Tho local manufactures amply supply the markot, to the entlro exclusion of Importod. Half to thrca-quarter inch cordago Is moved off at Od.; for assortments of IID. to 4Jin. sizes £06 Is obtained. Flat rope has been advanced to £80. A vory nice description of ropo made from Now Zealand flax la offering at £50, and a similar price is required for large sized rope made from coir. Seaming twines are steady at 13d. to lSjd. par lb., but tlio demand Is a most sluggish one. Flour and Crain -The markot for broadBtuffs has not recovered from tho unsatisfactory position It occupied last month. AVlth an oversupply of flour, there Is a scarcity of wheat, by which town millers especially have boen much Inconvonloncod.- Tho vahío of flour has undorgono llttlo or no alt oration ; quotations havo uniformly stood at from £11 2s. Gd. to £11 7s. 0(1., but transactions have In almost all cases been confined to supplying mere trado require- ments. Of lato, a doslro lins hoon evinced to operate more largely, though, as yet, only at such prices as could Íirosent no luducomonttoquiUtock, and lowaotual sales lava resulted from thaso Inquiries. Wheat hsarulodat 4B. 11(1. to As. Id. for good to primo samples of Yictriau. Supplies, howivor, have boon vory scanty, and It has ofton boon a matter of surprl-o how the town Hilliers have got on, as In tho face of having to oonipeto ' against country mado Hour In Melbourno thoy daro not offer the prices for wheat necessary to attract supplies to markot, and this lu addition to the ntaio of tho roads In tbo intorior, has bad a moat detri- mental effect ; a chango, howevor, may bo oxpoctod ero long, as tho weather is now Ano. Supplios of New Zealand wheat have boen on a fair scale, and for the reasons already statod this description has mot with a vory ready (alo at from 4a. Od. to ii. 7d. ; but tbo quality is not at all liked In this market, ana willi an abundant Bupply of Viotorlan, would not sell hore. Tho inrnior«, how- ever, whon thoy havo had It lu lliolr power, liave not hesitated to adopt the policy of keoplng supplies u«¿" (or higher rates; but It Is «aslderod a. foolish not on their part to neutralise the effect of protection by forcing prices up to a rate that must eventually attract supplies from other quarters. A tolegram from Sydiioy on tho 11th hist, reported the arrival thoro, short of provisions, ot the Centaur, f re m Valparaiso to Melbourne, with a cargo of wheat. An Improved buslnoes has boon done lu oats, and prices havo been run up to8s. 0d. to 3s. 7d. forbOBt qualltUs, though values have ranged, according to samplo, at from Sa. 2d. to 8s. 7(1. Malzo has como forward very slowly ; piiccB at ona time touched la. 7d. to 4s. gd., but afterwards recodad, and the markot now does not show anything over 4a. 4Jd. to 4s, 5d. Feed- ing barley from Capo eeod has mot with a roady s ila at from 8s. to 3a. 2¡d , whilo malting barley has found buyois at 8s. 0Jd. to 4s. 2d. Bran has stood at Is. to Is. Id. Colonial oatmeal, town made, has boon dis Îioccd ot at £20. Vory llttlo Now Zealand has ooino orward. Poarl barloy Is in slow sale at £21 to £22. Fish,--Tho markot has not boen noted for much animation. Ling has boen In modorato request at Sid. Half-barrels wliito horrlngs havo mot with a fair in- quiry at 32«. Gd, Fresh herrings, In lib. tina, havo boon sold at 0s. Od. Rod herrings, In tina, having boen wanted, havo mot with a ready Bala at S2i. Oil. for primo shlpmonts. One-pound salmon Is quoted at 18s. to 18s. Od. Halves sardinos havo boon disposal of vary freely, some large parcels having been quitted at 10s. 8d. to 10s. Gd. Quarters aro likewise saloab'o at GB, Od. to 6s. 7}d.- One-pound oystera are not la much rcquost ; wo quoto ya. to 7s. 0J. Ono-pound lobsters, being vory scat co, aro saleable at ai much as hi. Od. Fruit-We observo an Improved feollng In regard to dried fruit, more especially currants, which have been a good deal ran of tor. All that could be got hold of on tile spot have boon picked up at 4 Id. to 4 jd., and BSIOI to arrive havo aleo boon made at SJd. In bond. Baislns likewise attract more notice ; Capes have been dis- Cd of at 4d. ; Valonólas, though not abundant, i not been so much Inquired for-wo quote 4d. to .lid.: primo Elemos aro scarce, and would roallse i\i. to ila. without any difficulty; Sultanas are qulttod at Cd. to Sid. : for muscatels wo quote 0d,, but thoro Is not much doing. Figs aro dlsposod of at Od. to 7d., according to Bamplo and package. Dried apples aro Miling, slowly howovor, at 6}d. Furniture.-In the beginning of the mall month an 'extenBlvosalo ol Amorlcan chairs, of Heywood Brothers and Co.'s manufacturo, also Poyton and Peyton's Iron bedsteads, was held. There was a full attendance of the trade, and for moat lines a spirited compatltton was maintained. The following prices wera realised: Child's low wood scat brought 2s. lOd. ; do. bolo, 3s. Id.; child's high wood soat, maple, 8s. 7d. ; spindle Orte, Os. ; Parker's dining cana seat, oak, 8a.; crown top dining, 8s. Gd. : carved top do., 0a. ; Hej-wood'a do., 8». 7d. ; cane back rocking, 16«. »J. ; do. stripe, 16s. ; Vienna nurso, 17s. Od. ; Douglas wood seat, Ci. lid.; round desk stools, 5s, ; Parker sewing, 8s. 0J. ; Continental cano back, spring. Us. Od. Bedsteads realised for 4ft, French, 26s., 27s. ; 4It. Oin. do., 27a. 6d" 868. ; 4ft. half tester, 33s. ; 3ft, French, 20«. to 24». An Invoice of Amorlcan chair« also was offered by auotlon last week, comprising rocklng-chalrt.whlch realised 8s.; children's sold at Sa. 4d" whilo extra wood brought 3s. 4d. to 8a. 6d. each. Gunpowder remains tu reported last month. Only (lie most trifling trade demand Is experienced for blasting powder ¡ shipments are more than ample, and stocks keep accumulating. The market is exceedingly heavy, but values generally speaking, show no altera- tion. Hall's maintains a steady quotation of ISJd. Kalme»' is quoted at Ed., and for other brands 4}d la obtained. Hop«.-The markot Is decidedly firm, but M stocks aro now pretty well in tho handd of tho trade, no \ eales of any importance have been brought under our notice. Beat samples of 1800 Kent realise as high as 2s. 3d. ; medium qualities, for which Is. lid. to 2i. is ohtaincd, are most run upon. A parcel of 1800 Sussex hops was sold by auotion at Is. Oil. 1308 Iv-mt ure aaleablo, nccording to quality, at from Is. to 1». Ga Avery primo Rample of '68 American was cleared nff at Is. 2d. Of TasnmnlaUB, tho vnluo ranges from li-. Sd. to 2s. for 1870. Malt.-The matkothas become quito mralysed by the advices to band. Though noc unexpected, .j ot an additional month s shipment of 60,000 bushels, in addition to tho enormous quantities previously re- poned, as may bo well believed, could at first scarcely bo rcallsor1. In such circumstances it cannot bo sup poaod that wo can possibly glvo anything like a cheer- ful account of matters this mall. Small lota for ti ade purposes bavo of late been got rid of at 7B. Od. to 7s. Od., but to make any progress in sales at all a mti.:h lower rate bas to bo accoptcd. Somo fair B1 zed parcols have been quitted at 7s., and In ono instance a speculative purchaso of 11,000 bushels was mado, without cawing the slightest impression. Motáis.-In some descriptions of iron a fair amount of bueineaa has beon transacted, but on the whole the market has maintained a quiet toiio. Pig-iron has commanded a good deal ot attention, and almost everytbing offered has readily been taken up at £4 I5s, in parcols rising to 100 tons in a Uno. Galvanlsod iron shows a trilling improvement ; a moro varied assortment of brands than usual has been offered during tho month. Scotch 20 gaugo Qnds buyers at £23 10B.; English ordinary branda roalUo £26 for Hamo gaugo, and sales of best brands continue to be re- corded at £20 10s. At auction, on tho 24th June, Britannia brand, 7ft, 20 gaugo, was placed at £23 10s. Orb brand, Bllghtly damaged, sold at £23 16s. to £25 2s. Od. Ex Glencairn, Seacombe Forgo and Uiver Company's manufacture, was eold by auction on the 28th ult; 0ft. and 7fc, 20 gaugo, corrugated, realised £22 12s. 00.; Otc, 28 gauge plain, £20; Oft., 20 gallito, plain, £23 ; 8ft., 24 gaugo, corrugated, £21 16s. nor ton. Ex Glun dovon, 26 cases Braby's galvanised tinned corrugated Iron, 26 gaugo, 5ft. to 0ft., wero placed at £23 to £27 15B. per ton. Ex Turkish Empire and Marian, 26 cases Braby's galvanised tinned corrugated iron, 20 gauge, were sold on tho 8th lnit., at £23 5s. to £28 109\. portón; 20 casos do, (zinc- lined, cased), brought, at samo time, £23 5B. to £20 2s. Od. per ton. B« and rod iron is steady at £0 to £10 10s. With sheet iron tbe market Is much glutted, and there Is nothing to report in tho way of sales ; assortments of N«n. 8 to l8 aro quoted at £11 10s" and Nos. 20 to 28 billig £1810s. Plato Iron isllkowiso ovorBtockcd, a id equally difficult of Bale; wo quote £11 to £11 lOi. For hoop iron there Is no inquiry at present ; tho valuo Is merely nominal at £11, no sales belair effected. Fencing wiro is again aomowhat slow of salo ; Ryland and Johnston's Kos. 0, 7, 8, and 0 realice £16 10s., £10 10a., £17 10a., and £18. An lnvolco of wbltccross brand was sold at £17 f'ir No. 8. Shot is quoted at £28 ; only a trifling buri- nées has liowevor been done. Shoot lead is moved off at £20 to £27. Tinplates aro vory heavy, and no sales whatovor can bo effoctcd. Wo quote 12} pir cent, ndvnr co on lnvolco, For Muntz metal late quo- tations of 7¡¡d. to 8d. aro maintained, and business has been reported at our quotations. Ewlnnk'a nails find buyors at 20 por cont. off list. Thoro is a fair inquiry tor Amorlcan nails at 17s. to 18s. With American hardware the market Is fully stockod, and tbo business done Is in consequence at vory unsatisfactory prloi s. Colllus's and Sburpo's heavy axes bavo boon sold at 70s. to 72s. Collins's hoavy picks aro quotad at 60s. SalCB of Ames's shovels havo been roported at 00s. to 62s. For Day's DH shovels, S4in. to 361n., 60s. Is accepted, and othor makers', Bamo BIZO, bring 48s. Holloware Is quoted at SO per cont. off list ; no recant sales, howevor, havo been recorded. Oils.-Kerosene has presented a vory dull aspect throughout tbo month, and notwithstanding every attempt to got rid of stock, no inducement offerod could tempt buyers to come forward and purchaio beyond immcdlato wants ; thoro has in consequonco boen not only vory little done, but prices bavo shown a declining tendoncy, desplto a firmly maintained reso- lution on the part of tbo larger holders not to accept anything like the prlcos offered ; but the smaller parcels held by outsiders, and continually forced on tho market through tho auction mart, havo effectually dostrojod ovory attempt to support prices, and in the fuco of vary favourable advices by the mail, values have declined to 2s. 3d. to 2s. 8Jd. this week, these rates having beon accepted undor tho hammer a day or two ago. OuradvIceB from Now York reach np to May 7, and we leam from Messrs. Arkell and Tutti' circular ot that dato that four vessels had left for the colonies during tho month:-The Archer, from Boston, on 24 and 1,400 cases oil for Sydney. The N. Thayor, which loft Boston on 10th April for Molbourno, brings 3.500 cases oil. The J. 8. Stone left Kew York for Sydney on the 22nd April, and brings 4,250 cues oil; while tbo Competitor, which was despatched from New York on tho 28th of April for Molbourno, bason board 6,300 caioa of oil. Two vessels woro loading at Now York for Mol- bourno and Sydnoy, and ono at Boston for Melbourne. Castor oil was at one timo assuming a firmer anpoct, but, Influenced by mall advices roportingtho despite li of 40,000 gallons by the Envoy, from Calcutta, less animation has been evinced. Quotations stand at 44. d.d. to 4s. 6d., duty paid. On linseed thoro Is litllo chango to report ; eales aro mado at 8s. lOd. ter druin and 3s. 7d. for bulk. Thoro Is nothing doing In colza, which 1B oxtrcmoly languid, at 4s 0d. for drum and 4F. Od. for bulk. Olive Is valued at 6s. for drum and 5s. 3d. for cask. Chinese oil is moved oft very slowly at is. Od. Polar oil is quoted at £40. Oilmen's Storos.-Thoro Is a fair trado dono in stores, at wcll-BUhtalnod rates. Pickles meet with a ready sale at 7s. Od. to 0s. for common to ordinary brands, 0s. Od. to 10;. 3d. for modlum brands, and Us. 3d. for O, and B. Oriental pickles havo been dlspoaod of at 10*. Od. Assorted bottled fruits havo found purchasers at 10s. 4Jd, to 10s. lOJd., and black currants aro salo able at 11s. 3d. lib. jams fiad buyers at 5s. to 7s. Gd. for colonial, and up to 8«. for English. Salad oils, in quarts, aro quitted at 18s. to 25)., ac- cording to brand ; pints have boon sold at 10s. 3d. to 10s. Od., and up to 12a. Od. ; half-pints aro aaloablo at 6s. 3d. to 0s. Od. and 7s. Od. Pints castor oil aro dis- posed of at 7a. Gd. to 89., and half-pints command li. Sd. to 4s. Od. Sauces aro got rid of at O'. Od. to8i, and up to Ids. Od. forO. and B. Capera aro sold at Gi. Colemnn's 71b. tinned mustard bas beon quitted as low as 7_d. to 7J(I. ; lib. tins at 9s. 01. to Si. Od. ; mid halt-pound tins at 6°. Od. to 6s. Od. Keen's mustard ' Is, however, held for higher rates. White starch lins been placed at 6Jd. to 6Jd. Blue Btarch realises 6d. Thumb bluo Is aaleablo at lOJd, Plaid vestas havo been taken up In considerable parcels, at Oi. ljd. for Palmer's, and Bell and Black's. Grouts havo roalhed 7s. Od. Sago Is quitted at 2Jd. Macaroni and ver mlcolla bring EAcl. to Od. Colonial arrowroot has roaliaed 4i¡<>. White pepper la quoted at Od., and black popper at Od. ; theso, however, aro only trado quotations. Provisions.-A modorato Inquiry has benn expe- rienced for butter, and Uno Is now aomowhat acareo ; primo Victorian Is In request at up to 13d.; Sydnoy mado finds buyers at Is. Colonial clieoso ii disposed of at, from 8d. to OJd. Bacon and bama aro not soiling so freely ; the foi mor la quoted at lOd. to lid.; for barns 12d. to 14d. 1B realleod. Quicksilver.-A vory limitedhuBlnosB has boon done, sales having boen roBtrioted to the purchasos of tho trado, and 2s, 3d. to 2s. 4d. has boen obtalnod for emull lote. lllco.-Wo noto an exceedingly Inaotlvo market. At ono period a good trade waB expected to bo done in Patna, but tho arrival of tho Gholsoa from nong Kong with 200 tom rico, followed soon aftor by the Holen Malcolm from Calcutta with 800 tons moro, somewhat changed tbo aspect of the markot, and thero has been very little doing of lato. For bost Bainplos of Patna £22 10a. Is asked, but no lines of any consoquence can bo got rid of. Small parcels of Java mlll- drossod nro taken up at £10 to £1010s. Salgan mlll-drossod is now firmly hold for £17. From Calcutta to 4th Juno we loam that tho Envoy on tho borth for Mol- bourno bad engaged 800 tons of Patna, and she was expected to lcavo on the 14th. No further shipments aro advised from Batavia, Bangkok, or Silicon. Tho quantity sont to Australia this your, our advices from Batavia stato, " bj only 26 tons, agalnBt 631 tonB for samo period in I860, and thoro Is no appoaranco of shipments being rosumod for tbo present." Salt.-Consldorablo hoavlnoss has pervaded this pro- duct ;' about 150 tons woro disposed of privately in tbo early pitt c1 tho month nt equal to £4 duty paid ; but when «ales havo beon forced at auction, as was the enso this week, only £8 l61, can bo ¡got lof atna" parcols, For trado lots up to £4 6s. is required. The shipments advised aro ample, and wo fear llttlo im- provement can bo expected for some timo. Slates have presented a very dull aspoot. Stocks aro heavy, aud shipments to hand havo beon ox 101 slvo. Thoro havo beon no auction sales, and tho few parcels dlapOBcd of prlvatoly baroly glvo a tono to tho market. Pi (COB ara hardly so firm this month as last ; 24 x 12 commaud £16 10s. per 1,000, 22 x 12 £14 10s , and 20 x 10 £12. Thoso quotations aro for best qualities; othor descriptions havo In some Instances I been sold at oven a pound por 1,000 less. Sugar.-This markot bos boon In a moBt unsatisfac- tory stato, for no sooner did It seem to recover from tho cflcot of numerous and excoaeivo arrivals than It was prostrated again by a similar causo. Tbo nume- rous parcels of damaged sugars, which of nocoaslty had to bo placed on tho markot and sold at whatovor thoy might bring, have also had a very prejudicial effect on prices, and values have boon kept lower con icquently than would have been tho case In ordinary circumstances. A better Inquiry has, howevor, beon reported of lato, aud doubtless an improvement will bo notlcod oro long. Wo noto tbo following salos In tho courso of tho month:-After tho depirtu-o of tho last mall steamer an 1 exceedingly brisk and activo demand was maintained throughout tho ontito woek following, only for trade pur- poses, howevor. Ona parcol was offerod under the hammer, but that moroly consisted of tho damaged portion of tbo Ariel's cargo, comprising 2,114 bags. Tbo wholo mot with a ready Bale at prlcos which, when compared with thoso previously realised for sound, showed n decided advance White crystals, damaged, brought 80s to 87s- not, which is about equal to 8O1, to 80s. Od. for sound. Other descriptions wera cleared off In Uko proportion. The following w cok tho market became heavy and unmanageable in consequonco of tbo heavy arrivals, and tho sales oomprisod only a few damaged lots, aggregating 1,400 bags or thoroabouts. On Monday, the 27th ult., wo roported the arrival here of no loss than Ovo cargoes, viz.-the Annabella, Egcratela, and Cul, from Mauritius ; tbo Ploormel, from Bourbon ; and tbo Floronco Nightingale, from Takao. Formosa ; tho Helon, also from Talmo, put Into Weatorn Port Bay from atrosa of woathor. Tho Prospero and tho Clara Savors arrlvod on tho same day at Adolaldo, but tbo iattor VCBSOI afterwards wont on to Sydnoy, Lost week, say on Tuesday, the 5th Instant, tbo damaged portions of the Annabella'a atd Egera tola's cargóos of Mauritius sugars, amounting to 5,000 bags, «ore cleared off by auction, at middling prlcos. Tho trado was fully represented, and the bidding was splritod. Tbo cargo of Peruvian sugar perlsabollo, amounting to 7,000 bags, was offered for salo on Friday, tbe 8th, under tbo hammer, with all faults, and the ontlro shipment waa very speodlly dis- posed of for net canil, at very full prices. lu con- nexion with this salo, it may not bo out of place to mention, at a time when so much unnecessary distrust exists, that although tho terms »ere, as already statod, not cash, a large attendance was attracted, and the bidding was vory splritolly maintained until the whole cargo was cloared off. Ou Monday, tbo 11th, tho sound portion of the Annabella, Fgcratela, and Lizzie's cargóos was offered for aalo, but though tho trado was well represented, no Indica- tion ol a detlro to operate was evinced, and after the disposai of a foi» hundred bagi, the balance had to bo withdrawn. There Is, however, a better demand springing up privately, though u yet leading to no actual result Our quotations are:-Ita. tiona, 26s. to 28s. ; brown, 80s. to 81a. ; locond ceunter, 82J. to 88s. ; first counter, 88t. to 84«. Od. . yellow brewing crystals. 88a. to 34a. 6d, ; «bite crys- tals, 86s. to 80s. Tea.-Messrs. J. O. Bobertson and Co. report an tbe i market as follows :-"Tho mall steamer arrived on tho 6th InBt, with datos from Foo-chow to 21st May. As wo aro now passing through our dull soaaon, wo havo llttlo or nothing to report. Only a moderato amount of transactions havo transpired, being principally for moro trado requirements. Buyers generally aro looking forward with interest to tho first ar- rival of tho now season'« crop. It Is tlio gener.il opinion tho early cargoes will not rémuné- rât e importers. Foo chow duBt and sittings aro dull of sale at Sid. to 8Jd. ; ordinary to good ordi- nary has been quitted at from Od. to lOd. ; good com- mon congous, lid. to 11 Jd.; mixed leaf kinds, with flavour, Is. Id. to la. 2d. ; blackish loaf to blackish leaf kinds, strong with flavour, Is. 4d. to Is. 5jd.; Katsow kinds strong with flavour, and Fekoo souchong to Pekoe flavour, havo been in good Inquiry al from 1B. 7d. to 2a. Id. At auction on the 13th July, tlio.resi- due of the cargo ox Louisa, from Foo-Ohow, consisting of 1,553 packages wera offered, but tlio biddings not coming lioar Importers' vlows, tho wholo was with- drawn. Sundry othor cleailng-out sales havo tran- spired, unworthy of note. Tho deliveries for tbo post month have boon 622,643lb.,against 87.8531b. samo time last year. The stock in bond on tho Oth inBt. was 8,821,7751b , againBt 3,624,1151b. Bama timo last year. Our quotations are ¡-Congou-Dust and sittings, Gd. to 8d.; broken Foochow. 8d. to lOd.; ordinary to good, Od. to lid. ; mixed loaf kinds, Is. to Is. 8d. ; do., with llttlo flavour. Is. 3}d. te Is. 4d. ; blacklBh leaf kinds, Is. 4}d. to Is. Ed. ; do. strong, Is. 6Jd. to Is. (k1. ; do. strong flavour, Is. Ed. to Is. 7d. ; kalsow kinds, strong, Is. 8u. to Is. Oil. ; pokoo sou- chong and pokoo Savour, Is. 10(1. to 2a. ; Uno rich pokoo-souchong flavour, 2s. 2d. to 2s. 3d. ; do., very fino do., 2s. 3d. to 2s. 4d. ; souchong, com- mon, Is. to Is. 2d. ; do., middling to (ino, Is. 3d. to la. ii.', orango pekoe, scented ordinary and li roleen, Is. 3d. to Is. 4d. ; do., good to Ano, Is. Gd. to Is. 8(1. ; capor, scented, common to middling. Is. Id, to le. 4Jd. ; do., middling to fine. Is. 6d. to 1B. 7d. ; young hyson, common, lid. to Is. Id. ; do., good to (Ino, Is. Éd. to Is. 8d.; do., finest, uono ; gunpowder,Canton, good to Quo, lOJd. to Is. 8d. Abovo quotations aro at per lb. in bond for chest«, ' boxes boing worth 2d. per lb. more" Timber has been but sparingly operated in during tlio month, but though In the early part much heavi- ness bung over the markot, towards the closo a bolter feollng ' become perceptible and improved prices wero oven obtained, the rates roallsed for Ame- rican timber moro especially showing an advance A small shlpmont of deals, comprising 1,430 ploces, ex Olondevon, was sold, all faults, at 81E-I0d. to 4d. per foot 0x3. On tho 8th iSBt. thoro wore Bold, ox Victor, 80,000 4ft. laths, at 24a. 3d. per 1,000; 10,460tt. white pine Bholving, at £11 10a. per 1,000ft.; 15,103ft. white pino T. and G., at £0 7«. Od. per 1,000ft.; 70,244ft. Michigan clear pine, at £15 to £1517s. Gd. per l.GOOft. On tbo 13th there wero sold by auction, at tho Australian Wbarf, ox G. O. nichols-15,000ft. white piro shelving, which brought £11 2s. Gd. por 1,000ft; 11,000ft. clear pine realised from £13 10s. to £16 por 1,000ft.; 160,000 ÍJft. lathe, 2Bs. Gd. to 25s. Od. per 1,000; 3,780 do. do., £5 12s. Gd. per 1 000 ; 1,420doors, 8x7,210X010,2-8x6-8,2 0xGO.ljin., ljin., IJin.. and IJ'n-, wero quitted at from Ila. 3d. to 20s., all faults; 1500 Ironbark spokes, at 18s per 100\. Ex Dhurwar and Samarang-GO.OOOft. 8 x J T. and G. whlto flooring fetched 7s. 6d. per lOof'.; 46,000ft. 6 x li red do., 0*. 3d. de; 100,000ft 0 x J do. whlto hooded do., 5s. 3d. to 5s. Od. de; 60,000ft. (J x S white flooring, 4a. Id, do. Ex Daudoiiong-S.EQOfC. cedar boards were placed at i 5-10d. por foot. Tobacco.-this market has shown comparatively 111 Ho animation, and with tho exception of somo pur- chases of aromatlcs, mado for export, nothing of a special character has boon made public. Inquirios for tho other colobloa have boon most limited, and tho demand for local trado purposes has also boon of a trifling nature, while the sales effected by public auc- tion show a great falling off on tho trado of tho month. Notwithstanding this, howovcr, as tho stock of soma descriptions of flat tobaccocs and navies have become much reduced, soma attention has been di- rected towards that class, and values aro evidently firming, an advance of 2d. por lb. being requirod. T« ists havo boen exceedingly heavy, and prlcoa aro ssarcoly BO firm. A fow Bmall parcels of aromatlcs were purchased In the beginning of tbe month for California, and botwecn 400 and 600 packages, aromatlcs, pounds, halves, and bars, wore also bought for shipment to England. On the 22ud ult. 1E6 packages of Childroy's manufacture woro offered by auction. Navy pounds brought 7}d. to 10d.; navy halvcB, Did.; fives and sixos realised Is.; tens, lljil. Twist pieces r-old at lOJd- and bars at 8(1. Twist, all faults, brought lOjd. to Hid., and dark fives Is. An auction salo hold on Thursday, tho 30tli, went off with little spirit, and a great part of what was offered had to bo withdrawn iii consequooco of tho very high rates demanded by tho importers. Only 32 packages wero sold, at from OJd. to ltd. Only ono public Balo was hold last weok, whon somo Cameron twists wero offered in a damaged state and realised extreme prices. On the 11th instant 124 packages wero sold at the following prices :-Twist, all faults, brought ll}d. to 124(1.; pieces, 103(1. to 12}d.; twiBt, Is. to ljd ; lives, ll|d. to 12ld.; do., all faults, 8}d.; bars, Od.; fancy, Is. Id. Our advices from New York to 7th May roport tho despatch of 443 packages to tho colonies by tbo J. S. Stone and Com- petitor In the courseot the month. From England tlio quantity advlsod amounts to 31,5601b. Winos und Spirits,-7hero has boen nothing what ovor doing in wincB, and llttlo of any interest has transpired. Only the most trifling parcels of oltlier sherry or port havo been got rid of, and any attempts to got rid of quant li los undor tlio hammer havo only. been successful at such a Bocrltleo as to precludo any hope of doing much by auction, l18 quarter-casks and 41 hhds. common ports and sherrioB woro cleared off publicly In tlio beginning of tho month at remarkably low priccB ; wo understand that vory llttlo realisod over £10 10s. to £11. Medium sherries havo been sold privately at £60, and as high as £100 to £120 has been paid for superior wlnos. Quotations for low sherries stand at £20; good realises £30, modium £40 to £60, and superior £80. Low rod wluo can be bought at £10. common port at £24, fair at £85, modium at £45, Ono at £60, and Bupsrlor at £80 to £00. In spirits business has been of the most languid and listless doscriptlon. Brandies have been oxtrcmoly hoavy, and completely noglootod. Sales of HennesBy's palo wero mado at ono timo os low as Es. lOJd., but since tho mail's arrival bolders have asBumod a firmer attitude, which has had tho effeot of drawing buyors out, who havo bought more frosty, at 6s. ljd. ; there has, howovor, been no speculation,' as purchasers havo not gono beyond trado requirements. For Martoll's dark and polo wo quoto Ga. ; for Vino growors and O.V.P. 6s. 3d. to Bs. Gd. 1B wantod ; for Otard's Es. 7Jd. to Es. Od. Is aBked; As- sociated Vineyards old brandy 1B held for 5s. 7Jd. ; U.V.I', brandy, dark and palo, In quarter« and lib da, has been diaposod of at 5s. for tho formor. and 5s. Gd. for tho latter; for Jules Robin and Co.'s wo quoto 5s. to 5s. 3d. ; for B. FrorC's, 4s. 3d. to 4s. Gd. Is required ; and for Central Vinoyard, 4s, 3d. Is obtained. A parcel of 140 hhds. and quarter«, Blsquil, Debouch, and Co.'s brandy, In faulty condi- tion, was clcarod off under the hammer at 4s. 3d. Case blandios havo slightly declinad In valuo ; 27s. 3d. was readily obtained for Hennossy's In tho beginning of tbo month, and even 27s. Od. was got for a oonsldeiable parcel ; during tho last fortnight, 'howovor, prlcoa de- clined, and eales havo been freely mado up to the closo of this weok at 27s. Mai toll's caso has boon din posed of at 24s. Otard's realloos 22«. For U. V. P. wo quoto 21s. Renault's stands at 20s., and for Asso- ciated Vineyards' 18s. to IDs. Is asked. Rum has met* with llttlo favour, and no transactions worth referring to havo been mentioned ; 10 percont. o.p. is quoted at Ss. 3d., and Bs. Gd. IB obtained for 30 per cont. o p. Geneva Is llttlo noticed ; as only a vory trifling demand exists, stocks havo boon accumulating ; JDKZ, full strength, is valued at 13s. to 13s. 3d. ; for V. H. and Co. wo quote 12s. Od., and other brands bring 11s 6d. lo 12s ; for yellow soal 10s. is askod. Whiskoy In bulk is In slow Balo nt 8s. Od. to 4», For Sir R. Bur- nett's old tom 13i. to 13s. Od. Is got. EEVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Notwithstanding tho wet and Inclement weather experienced during tho greater part of the month, tho stock and sharo markot bos proeontod moro appoar anco of animation, and transactions havo been mora numerous than for tomo çotisUlorutJlo timo past, Tito improvement, however, has boen almost ontiroly con- fined to tho business in mining shares ; tho con. ttnucd high rates of Interest given by tho banks for monoy on fixod deposit, and the still depressed slato of mercantilo business both In Mclbourno and tho country towns, oporating to pro vent any considerable Improvement In the value of bank shara or othor investment sto.'ka. Tho fluc- tuations of valuo havo on tho whola been in favour of holders, and with tho advanco of tho spring Boason, somo llttlo further Improvement may bo autlctpatcJ, but too many losses nava boon oxperiancod, and busi- ness generally Is too depressed, for any groat altera- tion for the better to bo reasonably expected for soma consldorablo time to como. In our last roport It wai announcod that Mr. G. Vallontlno had roslgnod lils position as manager of tho Commercial Bank of Australia; tho directors of the bank havo since given tho appointment to Ilr. Q. H. Turner, of "the Bank of Australasia boro, and, as Mr. Turnor has been favourably known In connoxlon with that Insti- tution, with which ho has boen for the past 16 yoar«, the appointment bos met with general approval In banking and commercial clrclos, and will no doubt Íirovo acceptable and beneficial to tho shareholders of ho Commercial Bank. It Is satisfactory to note that our Government Railways aro showing tho rosults of improved management, the proportion of working ox penBCs to gross income having been so much reduced as to amount to a difforonco equal to ono-half per cont. lncrcaso of Interest on the capital expended. A publlo company, to bo resistero J with limited liability, is belog formed to purcliaso and carry on Fulton's foundry and engineering business. Thoro havo been one or two proposals lo term new banking companies, but tho timo doss not seem opportune for such undertaking«. Quite a considerable numbor of now mining com- panies havo boen formad at Sandhurst, whoro the successful results on Bovorsl distinct lodos havo given encouragement to tho resumption ot activo opera tlens on claims which bad bcon lying comparatively tdlo ; it 1B, howevor, to bo feared that, as is ususl In snob cases, the success of a few companies will causa tho starting of far more than tbo requisito capital c»n readily and convonlontly bo provided for. In looking back over tlio half year Just concluded, there Is much that Is unsatisfactory. Tho depression in gonorai busi- ness, and tbo collapso of many rash mining specula- tions, havo caused losses from which It will take some time to rooovcr. Still thore Is not tho loast ground for discouragement as to tho futuro ; tho general In- terests of tbo colony aro perfectly Bound, and busi- ness will doubtless again Improvo, If slowly yat surely; and, ovon as regards tho miningintorost, which has been co much depressed, the result, as Judged by the amount of dividends reported during tho half-yoar, Is not BO bad as Is sometimos represented. The toUl dividends reported during the six months ending Juno 30 amount to £460.722 15a.; of this Bum, £164.753 was from publlo companies other than mining, and £301,001 from mining oompanlcs, viz., £100,800 5s. from quartz, and £111,10316s. from alluvial companies. This sum has been derived from the different raining districts In the following proportions :-Sandhurst, including Raywood and Hoaihcote, £00,340 ; Ballarat, Including Buninyong and Creswick, £78,000 ; Clunes, entirely from one company, tho New North Clunes, £37,008; Stringer's Crook, Gipps Laid, £20,310; Smythesdale and district, £22,700 j Ovens district, ' £16840; Maryborough diatrlct. Including Dunolly and Talbot, £0,180 ; Lauriston, £8,239 ; Wood's Point district, and including Alexandra, £0,080; Black- wood, £4,800 : Daylesford. £4,651 ; Tarnagulla, £1,875; Pleasant Creek, £450 ; Steiglitz, £140. These amounts ara only approximate, as many send In no returns, and consequently a considerable sum would have to be | added to make up tbe actual total ol mining divi- dends distributed. ' Debentures, Banka, and Miscellaneous Stocks.-The maikot fur investment stocks continues vory quiet, and, although it ii now close upon the timo for the distribution of the half-j early dlvldonds, transactions have not been numerous, nor of large extent. Vic- torian Government 0 per cont. local debentures luva boen placed at £103 to £108 10s. according to BIZO of parcel and urgency of bujer ; 6 per cent, haro boon sold at par and at 6s. premium. City of Mol- bourno Corporation 6 por cent, duo 1883, placed at £100 16s. and at £107. No buslnoss done in other debentures". National Bank of Aus- tralasia havo changed han dB at from £5 15s. to £S 16s., and close at £516s. Colonial Bank of Austral- asia Blowly advanced to £7 10s., at which sororal sales wero made ; they aro slnco rather easier, and havo beon sold at £7 OJ. Bank of Victoria vory firmly held, and tbo price bas improved to £37 10J., at which Balea have been made; ills expected that an oxcollont balance-sheet will bo presontcd at the approaching meeting. Commercial Bank of Australia further do clincd aftor departure of last mall, and woro sold down to £4, but recovered somewhat on the appointment of tho new managor, sharoB changing banda to a good extent at from £4 Is. to £4 6s. ;tboy close rather dull at about £4. no transactions In Union Bank of Australia or In Bank of Now South Wales, tbo latter aro wanted at £38 5i. Land Mortgago Bank havo changed hands at £2 8i. Od. aud £2 04.; the dlroctory IISB hcen strengthened by tho olec tion ef Sir Francis Murphy and Mr. Robort Simson, M.L.C. Insuranco Bharos havo had vory Uttlo business, and Talucs aro unchanged. Southorn havo boon placed at 22s., and at 22a. Od. for ono lot Australasian Fire and Marino wero Bold at 8s. 0d, ; do Lifo shirea aro at 17s. to 17s. 6d. Australian Alliance bavo bad a favourable half-year's business, and shares aro firmly held at 20J. to 80s. National Firo Ineuranco havo been dull at 3i. Od. Victoria In Buranco nominal at £25 to £28. Ons Company shares have been but little dealt In. Molbourno havo Im- proved to £6 Is., and Collingwood and Fitzroy to £8 Is fld. Geelong aro in tho markot at £5- Olhorannt mentioned. Melbourno and HobBOii's Bay Ballway havo been sold at £51. Melbourno Omnibus Company chares changed hmdB at 2ts. fld. Bondlgo Water- works dull at 32s. Victoria Ice Company abares are at £17 buyers, £20 Bollors. Melbourno Moat Frearrvlng Company's shares quiet at £6 to £5 2s. Od. Mining Companies-Alluvial-Some of tbo large Ballarat mines havo Improved prospects, and the o has hcen increased business and somoconsiderable ad- vances in valuo Tbo Park Company aro in very good WMhdlrt, and tho Bhares havo been In steady request at advancing rates ; Bales at from £417s. Gd. up to £6 12s. Od., and close at £0 10s. Hand and Band Com- pany (hares havo beon favourably Inllucncod by tno improvement in the Park claim, aud tho eh ires havo had comidorablo business, and risen from £5 OB. to £7 2s. 6(1. for doublo and from 27s. Od to £2 ISs. Gd. for single Issuo. Bonshaw shares suffered a vory heavy fall, recoding from £130 to £02, then recovered to £110, but havo again beon oaMor, and close at £103 10s ; no ostensible reason for theso fluctuations In value Koh-1 noor shoroa moderately dealt In at £7 10s. to £8, and closo at £7 15s. Great Gulf have Improved to 33s. Bales. St. Georgo and Band sold at 159. to 11s , and bavo buyers at 11s. to 12a. Prince of Wales dull at 84s. to 35a. Winter's Freehold quitted al £6. Leviathan Company In mo- dorato request at £18 10s, Prince Imperial have ricen from 17s. to 25s. Albion Consols dull at about 12s, United Albion and Prince of Wales bavo advanced from 6s. Od. to 10s. Beech- worth.-Tho united Ovons Gold and Tin Com- pany have had a very favourable first washing, and Bhares havo improved from £3 10s. to £4 2s. Wel- lington have changed bands at 17s. 6d. to 18s. Gi for paid up, and at 10a. for contributing. Kneebone Com- pany havo boen sold at £210a- Ballarat and Bendigo Company, Huntly, bavo been sold at £216, and aro said to bavo very good proepects. The Annabella Company, now working tbo »ame lead, continuo to pay regular dlvldonds. Evelyn Tunnel Company, Warrandyte, on tho Yarrn, has como Into notice, and tho sharos have beon dealt in at from £2 2->. to £212s. Gd. The com- pany's claim consista of several miles of tho bod of tho Yarro, tho waters of which oro to bo dlvortod th'ough a tunnel, and the bed of the river sluiced ; if success- ful it will lend to many othor portions of tho river being tried In n similar way. Godfrey's Crook com- panies havo scarcely beon dealt in, and prlcos are nominal. Quartz Companies.-Sandhurst- Tho Groit Extended Ilustlor'a mino continues to yield well, and pay good dividends, and may bo cited as aninstanca of successful mining, having paid divideudB within fivo months to Iho amount of £33,600, on a capital of £28.000 ; Bharos havo boen In good request, and havo advanced from 25s. to .12-1. The Hustler's and North Hustler's Companies have had little busi- ness. Sales of tho former bavo beon mado at 6'. 01., the latter aro at about 0?. North Johnson havo paid a dividend, and aro ia requoit at 12s. Gd. to 13). Hercules Company bavo been dull, sa'cs at 10s Od. to 11s. 3d. Comet bavo been quitted at 6s. at. Mungo and St. Hunco Tribute have both paid divi- deudB, the former wanted nt 6s. 3d., tho latter are at £02. United Oatliorlno Company bavo beon sold at 7s. to 7s. 3d., and aro firm at latter. Victoria Gold Mines Company havo paid a dividend, and havo good prospects, shares aro at 21s, to 22s. ? A large business has beon donn In aovoral of tho tribute companies on this gold- field, and a fair pro- portion of Hiern have dono well and been paying dlvidonds,but rather too many soem now bolng put oa the market. Bellevuo Tribute have boen largely dealt In ; salea at from £00 up to £70 10a., cloilug at £78 10s. Golden Fleece Tribute bavo boon sold at £6810s., £60. Acadia Tributo havo boon placod at £48 for £16 paid. Clunes-New North Clunos, con- tinuo io proie one of our steadiest and boat rain's, having paid £37,000 In dlvldonds during the half y air ; shares bave changed bands at £180 cum dividend of £3 and at £125 ex dividend, and might bo had at £122 10s. North Clunos Consols havo recodad to 32s. South Clunes Company have paid a dividend of 6s. por sharo, and aro worth £20 to £22. Victoria are dull at £8. New Criterion havo advanced, in con- sequence of getting tho Old Mau Beef; sales from £0 16s. up to £10, and aro now offerod at £15. Hophurn companies have bad considerable buslnoss at vory fluc- tuating, but on the whole Improving, ratos. No I South improved from 30s to 60s., and close at 47i. Od. Crown have receded from 14s. to 12i. Now North havo changed bands at from 4§. 61. to 7s. Frcebold United have boon quitted at £2 CB. and at £2 10B. Vineyard Company havo bonn largely dealt In; sales at from 7s. up to 221. Victoria Company, Gordon, advanced from Gi. to 351 ; but disappointment with tho yield and with the con- duct of one of tbe directors caused a fall to l63., and even lower rates wero said to bavo been accepted. United Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla, are dull at 7s. Boilers. Tho Now Enterprise Company, Maldon, have found a rich lodo, but aliaros In tbls district soem never to change hands. Black Horse, Egerton, havo improved from 16s. to 25s, for now Issuo. The Lauris- ton mines aro doing well, and give very good re- turns for tho capital invostcd The Wood's Point companies havo bad little business, and prices are quite nominal. Gipps Land-TI10 Long Tunnel Company havo paid a dividend, and bavo very good prof-pects; tboy havo got their own crushing mill orected, and will now bo abli to put through a larger quantity of stoue ; Blnce this compauy started thoy have raised and crushed 5,074 tons, wbiob have yielded 18.063OZ. gold, being an avorago of 3oz. 3dwt. 0¿r. ; abares havo boen sold at £112 to £10010.)., but bava improved since, and aro now held for £120. Empress dealt In at £17 to £10. North Gipps Land quitted at £18 10s. to £13, but aro rathor firmer; thilr first oruBhlng Is now going through. Good Hope Tunnelling ara quiet at about £10. South Cohen's changed hands at £5 10s. to £5 12s. Od., and wanted at latter price. Red Jaoket Company, Bright, havo been cold at from £2 10s. to £2 6s All Nations, Matlock, havo had good yields; Bharos hove changed lionda at £0. United Happy Valley Company, Beech- worth, havo paid a dividend, but chares are dull of Balo at about £7 16s. Very little has beon done in Tasmanian stocks. United Victorian and Tasmanian sold at £3, and Tower Billa at £4 lOi. Tho Ponguln Silver Mines Company report having a fino lode, and that a considerable quantity of oro Is alroady at grasi, and some of It ready for shipment The dividends declared since departuro of last mall amount to £43,95816s., and aro entirely from mining, £20,22116s. having been distrlbuiod by quartz- raining companies, and £14,787 by nlluvlal-mlning com- panies. Tho dividend« in detail aro as follow : For tho week ending June 25 ;-Imperial Quartz Com pany, Buninyong, 7s Od. per 480th, £189 ; Buto Com. pany, Smythesdale, £11 por 40th, £440 ; RottiBav Com- pany, Smythesdale, £0 prr 40th, £240 ; Sadowa Tribute, Talbot, 4s per 2,600th, £600 ; 8adoiva Com- pany, Talbot, £110a. por 210th, £300 ; Costerfield Gold and Antimony Company, Heatbcoto, 10s. per 2 0001b, £1,000 ; Windmill-hill Company, Sandhurst, Od. per 20,040th, £051 ; Golden Fleece Tributo, Sindhurst, Od. por 12,000tli, £460 ; Golden Boner Compinv, DJ novan'a Creek. Is per 3,600tb, £180 ; Sir John Franklin Company, Wood's Point, 61. per 2,400tb, £600 ; Car- lisle Company, Sandhurbt, £100 per 8th, £800; United Happy Valloy Company, Ovens, 10s. per 4.400tb, £2,200; Victoria Company, Tarnagulla, IOJ. por 1,000th, £600; Bonshaw Company, Ballarat. 10j. per 3,800th, £1,030. Tho districts from which tno above dividends are obtained rank in the following order : Ovons Dist! let, £2,200 ; Sandhurst, £1001; Ballarat, £1,080 ; Heathcote, £1 000 ; Talbot, £800 ; Smythes- dale, £680; Wood's Point, £000; Tarnagulla, £600; Donovan's Crcok, £180; Buninyong. £180. For tbo week ending July 2:-Btowart's Trlbu'e, Sandhurst, 6s. por 3,200th, £900; St. Mungo Com ËMiy, Sandhurst, Od. per 22,5C0lh, £502 10s. ; St. [ungo Tribute, Sandhurst, 7s. 01. per 800th, £100; Great Extended Hustler's, Sandhurst, Is. por 2S,O00th, £1,400 ; Union Company, Talbot, 4s. per 200th, £40 ; Union Furnlshirg Company, Talbot, 4s. por 480th, £00; Magnum Bonum Company, Maryborough, 5i. Îer -150th. £112 10s. ; Bismarck Tribute, Sandhurst, s. por 1.5001b. £75 ; Paik Company, Ballarat, lOj. per 12,800th, £0,400; United Happy Yallov Company, Ovens, 124. Od par 4 4001b, £2,760 ; Wheal Kitty Company, Smythesdale, £4 por 28th, £112; Now North Clunes Company, Clunes, £3 per 2 059th, £0,108 ; Morning Light Gonipiuy, Sandhurst, \t. per 4,000th, £200; Now Moon Company, Sandhurst £7 per 82nd, £221 ; Golden Stream Company, Scars- dale 12s Od. per 2,000th, £1,250. Tho districts from which the above yields aro obtained rankin the (o', lowing order :-Ballarat, £6,400; Clunos, £6,163; Sandhurst, £8,601 10*. ; Ovons, £2,750; Smythe. dalo, £1,302 ; Talbot, £130 ; Maryborough, £112 10s. For tho week ending July 0 :-Victoria, (Sold Mluoi Company, Sandhurst. Is. per 20,274lh, £1.013 14s. ; Ironbark Company, Sandhurst, Od. per 0,000th, £225 ; New Chum Tribute, Sandhurst, 6d. per 1,400th, £210 ; Nil Desrornndura Company, Kaywood, Od. per 20.000th, £600 ; Knoebono Tributo (Pascoe'»), Sand- hurst, 3s. por 400th, £00; Buto Company, Smythes- dale, £0 10s. per 40th, £380; Rothsay Oompiny, Smythesdale, £8 per 40th, £320 ; Galatea Oompiny, Smythesdale, 10s. per 2,100th, £1,050; Sadowa Com- pany, Talbot, £1 5s, por 240th, £300 ; South Clunes Company, Clunos, 6s. por 8,000th, £760 ; North Garden Gully Company, Sandhurst, £60 por 24th, £1,200 Tbo districts from which tho above dividends aro obtained rank In tho following order :-Sandhurst, £8,208 14'. ; Smythcidalo, £1,760; Clunes, £760; Talbot, £300 For tho week ending July 10 :-North Johnson's Com- pany, Sandburtt. Od. por 22.000th, £560; Pass-by Tributo, Sandhurst, Is. per 8.000th, £400 ; Stewart's Tribute. Sandhurst, Is. per 3,200th, £100 ; Groat Ex- tended Hustler's Company, Sandhurst, Is. per 28 000th, £1,400 ; Long Tunnel Company, Stringer's Creek, £1 per 2,400th, £2 400 ; Vietoila Company, Tarna- gulla, 10a. por 1,000th, £600; Bismarck Tribute, Sandhurst, Is. Gd. por 1,600th, £112 10s ; Magnum Bonum Company, Maryborough, 16s. 450th, £337 10s ; Annabella Company, Huntly, la. Gd. per 3,100th, £25210.'.: Union Furnishing Company, Talbot, 5«. per 480th, £120; Union Trlbutors, Talbot, £11 7». per 60th, £607 10s. ; North Star Com- pany, Lauriston, 0s. per 5,000th, £000. The districts from which the abovo dividends aro de- rived rank In the following order .'-Sandhurst, £2,864 ; Stringer*! Creek, £2,400 ; Lauriston, £000 ; Talbot, £68710s. : Tarnagulla, £600; Maryborough, £887 10s. Summing up the totals of the four weeks, the different mining districts rank in tho following order in respect of tbe »mount of dividends dlstrf butod :-Sandhurst, £12 525 5s. ; Ballarat, £8,280 ; Clunes, £0 918 ; Ovens, £4.050 ; Smythesdale, £3.792 ; Stringer's Creek, £2,400 ; Talbot, £1,98810s. ; Tarna- gulla, £1,000 ; Lauriston, £900 ; Donovan'a Creok, £780 ; Maryborough. £460. Tho totals for the several four week mail periods for tho present year stand thuB : January.£28,330 February 28.ß*.600 March 20 .47.030 Aprll23.«810 May21.B0.014 June l8.42.26*' July 10.43,958 Making a gross total for tho you* to datent .£809,002 This amount does not represent the whole of tbo prouts divided by mining companies, as it dees not include those of private partnen-hlps, some of which aro very considerable, ono privato company alono having averaged over £500 profit per month for two or three j ears post. MONTHLY WOOL REPOIiT. MeBsrs. R. GOLDSBROOQII and Co. ropott:-"Wool. -During tho month wo havo hold only two small auction sales, which consisted principally of Darling cllpB, every balo offered being Eold at prices fully up to lato rates, any alteration being m favour of ar-llors. The quantity coming forward continuos to bo very limited, and comprises principally fellmongers' parcelB and balances of Darling clips; forthoso thoro ia a Rood Inquiry, and wo can readily effect sales at full rates. Tho news recelvod by tho mall respecting tho English wool market is consldorod sitiefaotory, for although such a large quantity had arrived In timo for tho Juno sales, tho May piices wero oxpootcd to bo fully main- tained. Our up-country advices continuo to bo of a favourable character, and thoro is ovory prospect of a good clip. Tho following Bhlps havo olearod with wool during tho month :-Suffolk, 595 bales ; Superb, 1,181 hales; Crusader, 1,008 bales; previous ship ments. 109,341 bales. Total Octobor 1, 1800, to date, 202,128 bales; corresponding poriod last year, 207,910 hiles; decrease, 6,782 bales. The following aro tlio prices current:-Greasy-Inferior to ordinary, 4id, to BJd.; ordinary, 6id. to OJd-J ordinary to liood, Gd. to 7d. ; good to superior, 7d. to 8J1. Fleece-Ordinary to overago, Ha. to Is. Id. ; average to good, Is. Id. to 1B. 4d. Scoured-Ordinary to average, 10d. to 1B. Id. ; good to superior, Is. Id to Is. 5d. Sheepskins.-Our almost dally calos continua to bo well supported by both buyers and sellers. Tho large quantities offered are cagorly lakou up by the fellmongers and shippers, late prices being well main- tained. Wo havo sold green skins as high as 4a. 0J. each, and dry skins from 3Jd. to 6d. per lb. Hidoa. Thoro has been an average supply during tho month, which has been placed at pi icos varying from 3}d. to 4d. per lb. for wet salted, and from Us. to 25s. each for greon hides. Tallow.-An unusually, large quantity has come to hand during the month, and our auction sales have passed off with great spirit. We have sold about 800 casks, tho bulk of which has consisted of good mutrion from tho different boiling-down and meat prosorviug companies, which realised up to £37 15s. per ton. Ordinary mutton has fetched from £35 10s. to £37 per ton, and beef from £34 to £35 10s. per ton. Clearances aro as follows :-1870-Suffolk, 624 casks ; Suporb, 911 caskB; Crusador, 301 casks-total, 1 029 caskB. Ilio Asia, now loading here, takes tho larges', shipment of tallow that has hitherto boen mado from this colony. Kangaroo Skins.-We have no inquiry for theso, and our sales havo been at mordy nominal ptlces." Tim LONDON AUD AUSTRALIAN AOENOY COIU'OIUTION LIMITED furnish tho following monthly report fur transmission per Geelong:-.* Wool.-Slnco our lait monthly report only a small quantity has been brought forward to auction, comprising in all about 500 bales, which, however, commandod a fair competi- tion, and prices havo continued firm, though without any porccptiblo chango, tho business of the month being BO small has of course been also vory quiet, our last incoming mail, which arrived hero ou the 6th instant, having neither au animating or depressing effect of any importance The whole of the country has boen throughout tho month favoured by a continual Um of copious rains, which glvo us every roaton to oxpect a favour- able, abundant, and hea'thy clip ot wool. Quota- tions:-Greasy-Inferior, 4d. to BJd,; medium, til. to 7d. ; good, 7Jd. to OJd. Sllpo-Inferior, 5d. to 8}'l ; medium, 7d. to 8Jd. ; good, Od. to lid, Scoured-In- ferior, 9d. to lud.; medium, lOJd. to 12Jd.; good, 181. to laid. ; superior, 17d. to 21d. Fleoce-Inferior, medium, good, and superior, nono offering. Tho shipments of tho month amount to 3,875 bato.1. Tho following ships havo olearod since our last: Juno 24-Crusader, 004 bales ; July 8-Suffolk, 505 do.; July 13-Supoib. 1.2SG do. Total. 3,875 bales; to which add previous shipmonts, 190,677 do.-totil, 208.E52 bolos. Tho weekly i-hipmciits are as folio x : For weok ending Juno l8-188,1751b., value £10,4*20; Juno 25-140,2001b., valuo £8,403; July 2-2,9351b, valno £188 ; July 9-212.0011b., valuo £13,201. Total, 660,3401b.; total valuo, £32.313. Add pro vlous shipments from llth Soptombor, 1800, to 11th Juno. 1870-47,409,230,b., valuo £2,722,195. Total, 48,049,670'b.; total value, £2,751,608. Tallow. -The demand has boon good, with a fair quantity offering. We quote mutton from £35 to £37 10B. ; mixed, £82 io £85 10s. ; bocf, £32 to £36. Thu shipment's of the month amount to 1.014 casks and 4 drums. Hides.-Fair quantities como forward, and aro mostly bought for local conr-umptlon. Greon hides realise from 14s. to 25s. each ; salted, S_d. to 4d. per lb. ; and calfskins from id. to 4Jd. perlb. Sheepskins. -Great quantities continuo to como forward, but owing to follmongors not being able to dry so well, thoy nave not risen In price as they otherwise would bave dono at this Boason - of the year. Green skins realise from 2s. Od. to 6s. ; dry station skim, 43d. to Old. per lb. Grain.-Our weokly Bales command gool attendance and a slight advauco was percoptlblo during this week. Wo quoto wheat 4s. lOd. to Es. avorago ; and 5s. Id. to 5s. 2d. for good ; oats, 3*. Ed. to 3s. OJd ; barley, 8s. 2d. to Sa. 4d. for Capo ; and 4s. 8d. to4i 0d. English, fair samples." Messrs. HASTINGS CUNINOHAH and Co.'s monthly report, soason 1869 70.-" Wool- Tho wool market slnco our lost report has beon vory qulot, the only sales hold in Moibourno consisting of portions of clips from the Darling district, and small parcels of full mongorB' scoured. There has boou active competition for all descriptions, and the prices realisod show an advance upon last mouth's quotations, greasy having brought from Gd. to 8d. por lo., aud scoured from 12d. to 18d. per lb. Tho shipments since last rep»-, are as followB :-From Hobaon's Bay-Crusador, 1.U08 balcB, cleared 24th Juno; Suffolk. 593 hales, cleared 8th July; Suporb, 1,181 bales, cloarod 18th July; total, 2,782 bales. ProvIouB shipmonts, 193.69S bulos. Total shipments from Octobor 1, 1SG9, to July 13, 1870, 201,380 bales ; corresponding period 1868 0, 211,402 bales; do., 1807-8,200, 200,312 huies ; de., 1866-7, 162,011 bales. The Asia and Turkish Empiro aro now loading. Sheepskins.-Tlio pubdc sales held during the month havo boon well attended by buyers, and lorgo quantities have been sold, prices realised being considered vory satisfactory. The quo- tations for butohors'Bklns are samo os last month's. Dried station skins havo brought from 4d. to Od. per lb. Washed skins brought 8Jd. per 10. Hides.-Thoro havo beon good supplies forward, which met with ready sale, but rates aro easier sinco the arrival of tho mull bringing news of a declino in tho value of leather In the London market. Heavy weights sold < at from 20s. to 81B. 0d. each ; light weights at from 12s. to 18s. eaob, and at from 8Jd. to 4d. per lb. Calfskins sold at from 4d. to Ed. per lb. Thoro are no shipments this month. Tallow-In this market thora has been a con- siderable amount of' buslnosB done, and prices havo been voll maintained. Mutton has brougnt from £36 to £87 pur ton, aud mixed from £33 to £35 per ton. Tho shipment« amounted to 1,011 cas« H 4 drums and 8 tanks. Kangaroo Skins.-There has lijen a limited supply forward for salo, and but llttlo de- mand. Wo havo sold sovoral parcelB at from 2s, to 20;. per dozen, according to slzo and condition." MELBOURNE MARKETS. WEDNESDAY*, JULY 13. THE MILLS. The demaud for braadstuffs has boon limited since the week opened, most of tho bakers and retail dealers being at presont supplied with stocks for cur- rent wants. Thoro Is no cbango in flour, bran, pol- lard, or meal, but barley Is lowor, £23 being now tho ruling rate Quotations aro as follow :-Flour, £11 10a. ; bran, Is, Id. to le. 2d. ; pollard, la. 8d. to la. Cd.; meal, £20; pearl barley, £23. EASTERN MARKET. Cabbages woro rathor plontlful this morning, but the supply of vegetables generally waa limited, and eales were easily effectua at tho current rates. Poultry Is unchanged, but eggs aro deotdodly oasler. The following wore tho ruling rates :-Vogo tables.-JeruBaJom artichokes, lid. per lb. ; beet, Od. to Is por dozen ; bouquets, 6s. to 9a. per doren ; cabbages, Is. to Ss. Cd. por dozen ; carrots, Od. to Od. per doren bunches; cauliflowors, Is. to 4s. per dozen ; celery, Is. Cd. to 4s. nor doron bunches ; crew, curled, Cd. to 8d. per dozen bunches ; do,, water, 9d. per dozen bunches ; garlio, 3d. per lb. ; horseradish, 2s. to 6s. per dozen sticks ; leek, Is. per dozonbunchos ; lettuce, Od. to Is. 6d. per dozen ; marjoram, 9d, per dozen butiohcB ; mint, Is. por dozen bunches ; onions, dried, 7s. to 9s. per cwt. J onions, groen, 0d. per dozen bunches ; -parsley, 0J. per donn bunches ; parsnips, Is. to Is. Gd. per dozen bunches ; potatoes, Ss. Od. to ás. por owt ; do., young, 7s. to 8s. per cwt. ; pumpkins, 4s. to 8a. por dozen ; radishos, 4d- to Gd. por dozen bunches ; rhubarb, 2a. per dozen bunches ; sage, Od. per dozen bunchos ; savoys, Is. Od. per dozen ; shallot«, 3d. per lb. ; spinach, id. per lb. ; thyme, 8d. per doran bunches ; turnips, 0 j. to Is. Od. per dozen bunches ; tomatoes, ¿d. per lb. Fruits.-Apples, 8d. to4d. perlb. ; melons, preserving, 8s. to Cs. per dozon ; pears, 8d. to 4d. per lb. Dalry Produce-Butter, Is. to Is. 3d. por lb. ; cheoio, 10d. por lb. ; ducks, Es. to Es. Od. per pair; eggs, Is. 8d. to Is. Od. por doron; gooie, 7s. to Oj. per pair ; hens, 4s to 4s Cd. per pair ; pigeons, Is. Oil. to Ss. per pair; pork, 8d. per lb.; rabbits, Is. 61. to 2s. por pair; turkeys, 10<. to 18s. por pair; hams, le. per lb, ; bacon, lOd. per lb. LIVE STOOK. FniDAT, JULY 15, MeBBrs. DALMAIIOY*OAMrBEMiand Co. report:-" Al- though the market has boon fully supplied with cattlo, p ii eos have slightly Improved on our last monthly quota- tions. Tho bulk of thoro to band havo boen prin- cipally from tbo Gipps Land and westward districts, the latter being of a very good doscriptiou, and have mado the highest avorages. In sheep, tho supplies havo boon almost solely from Riverina, and have generally been of good quality, for willah thero has been rather a botter domand, at «lightly advanoed rates. Wo quolo prime beef at 25a. per 1001b. ; su- perior up to 278. Gd ; medium to good, from 20s- to 22s. Od. ; 64lb. to 001b, wethers. 12s. to 14s. Gd. ; 40'.b. to 481b. ewes, 9a. to 10s. Gd. We have this week sold 110 bullocks for Mr. William Robort«on, Colac, at £0 all round, tbo station breds averaging £10 17s. ; 130 for Mr. Archibald Black, Camperdown, averaging £8 17«. Od. ; GO for tho exocutors of the late A. M'Millan, Caldermeade, at £7 7s. Gd. ; 30 for Mi*. Win, Thornton, Airly, at £0 18s. Gd.; and 32 for Messrs. Campbell Brotliora, Traralgon ; also 50 bead of storeB, mixed ages and soxea, at 60s. ; 1,826 wrthora for MoBsrs Hope and Scott, Toogoomblo ; 609 do. for Messrs. Ritchie Brothers, Gowrie Park; 1,193 do. for Mr. O. Edwick, Sorpcntlno Creok ; 633 do. for Messrs. Camp- bell Brothers, Green Hills; and 200 do. for the Hon. W. J. T. Clatko, Rock Bank. Messrs. Ritchie Brothers' lot topped the market for merino sbcop. Store Stock. -Tho demand for all classes Is brisk, and likely to continue owing to the detention of stock by floods Wo quoto good cattle over three year»' old from £3 16s. to £4 IBs. ; do. over two years' old, £8 6s. to £315s, ; and six and eight tooth weihen In Riverina from Es. Cd. to Os. Gd.; full mouthed ewes for. fattening from 4s. to Ea. ..Victorian sheep slightly under these rates. Stations.-On tbe 9th list, we sold (In conjunction with George Forsyth and Co.), per ordor of tho ad- ministrator of tho lato John Konnedy Humo, the Grogan and Millong stations, In the Lachlan dlattict, New South Wales, togother with 16.000 Bheep and all Improvements, to Mr. Goorgo Telford, at a satisfactory prico." SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mr. S. Do Beer reports as follows : "Scarcely any chango worthy of notice baa oocurrod In homeward freights during tho four weeks which have elapsed since dato of my last advices of 18th ult Tho quantity of produco shipped has, contrary to ex- pectation, however, been somewhat larger, the in- crease being chiefly comprised of tallow and other outsldo articles, the enhanced quantity of tho former being traceable to tho large operations carried on by the various meat presorviug companies now noUvoly ergaged in the colony. Tbe number of ships on tbo berth has certainly been limited; still the large amount of tonnage represented by them bas been about Bufflclent for the requirements of shippen, and each has left a full ship with reasonably quick despatch, and having besides fair compléments of passenger«. The departures bnvo all been for London, and ombrace the Crusader, Suffolk, and Superb, with tho Aala, 2,036 tons register, now a full ship, and about ready for toa. In freights thora IB no change to notify, tho ratos current being samo as last quoted, viz, Jil. per lb., for oroasy wool, and |d. for scoured ; leather, 25s to SO'. ; tallow, 20s. to 26s. ; bark, 25B. per ton of 20cwt ; prcsorvod meat, In cases, 30?. per 40ft. With the exception of the Asia, already referred to as being full, thero is at the prêtent time but one ship on tbo berth for London, viz., tbo Turkish Empiro, just laid on, a clr cumBtnnco unoxampled for soveral yoars past; but the Sussex and Highflyer, both of which are about duo, will be laid on immediately on arilval, and despatched during Aiitmst. Thore aro several large disengaged ships now in port available for fair employment; hut, not being regular traders, their commanders hesitate to lay them on the open berth at thiB dull acosen of tho year, foarlng that they might require to leave with much space unoccupied, wbllo ovin »1th lull cargóos the rates of freight obtainable do not polut to a remunerative voyage. From advices reçoive i lost mall by tho military authorities from tbo homo Government, ordering tho return of sll the Imperial troops in tho colonias, it is believed that our commissariat will accordingly shortly issuo tondara for the conveyance to Britain of those stationed hero ; but as tho numbor IB not by any means large, vory likely one ship will be sufficient; and as the competition will be considerable, tho rates will of necessity bo no doubt low. Having regard to tho eeaaon of the year, tho passenger trado has boen fairly active, resulting, as already statod, in the ahlps which have lett baring each had a considerable num- ber. The business concluded in charters during the month boa beon very limited, nnd contrasts unfavour- ably with tbe amount of transactions during tho S receding period, as noted In my lost circular, all that as transpired being ombracod in tho following viz., tho Glcngairn, for Hong Kong, in lieu of tho Ohelscn, which did not arrivo In time, with Chines) patr- cngors, at £4 por hoad, with other tarma na cus- tomary ; ship Whirlwind, samo employment, domina- tion, and terms ; the French barquo Esmeralda and British barque Kossa, honco to Java vltt Now cattle, with coals, and hack with produco, at 6(K nor ton on tho lattor for tho round-tho Kasaa, however, having liberty to mako atrip In the mean- time to Ncwcastlo and back to this port on owners' account, for winch 11s per ton has beon secured. The undernotcd coal chartors bavo also to bo reported, the port of loading in each case being Newcastle-viz., the Corsica, 1,200 tana register, for San Francisco, at 25.1., being an extreme rate, and not over 20s. U now ob- tainable, oven for a small ship,' Harlech Castle, 19s 6d. to Calcutta ; Dutch barquo Schiedam, 16s. for Java; French barque Plcormel, 15'. for Saigon. No busiucss has been effected lu coal freights to China or Indian ports, but from Newcastle to Hong Kong 17s. is obtainable ; Shanghai, 22s. ; Calcutta, 10s. ; Bombay, 20a. Tho barqu? Holon has boon laid on the berth for Muurltlus, and has tbe greater part of bor cargo ongaged at full rates. For the Fiji Islands, the barquo Koh-i-noor has recently boen de- spatched, with all her passenger accommodation occu- pied ; and it In now to bo remarked that tbo activo aud enterprising firm of Mossrs. M'Mockan, Blackwood, and Co.-tbo largest private Bteamshlp owners In the colonies, and to whom Victoria is doeply indebted for the constant, certain, and superior accommodation tiley havo for so long placed at tho disposal of tbe mordíante of th's colony and those of tbo various New Zealand ports In both Islands, as wall as tbo public generally travelling as passengers-have placod on tho berth their fine steamer Alhambra, that vessel, under command of Captain John M'Lean, being advertlsod to leave with cargo and passengersfor tho abovo desti- nation on 20th proximo." Messrs. Alfred Woolley and Co. report : " Tho period wbich has elapsed since tho issuo of our last report on the 18th ult, has boon dovold of activity, aud our freight market still remains, like most other branches of bualness, in a very depressed stato. Tho prevailing dulneBS, coupled with the difll culty of procuring anything Uko profitable employ- ment for shipa In consequenco of coal freights being roduced far below the minimum of any previous period, will explain the reason of the few transactions at present to bo recorded. Unfortunately thero is no near prospect of freights advancing, for, with the large stocks of coal in all the eastern ports, and the heavy shipment« now on the way to California, values bavo lowered to such an extent that ship monta must cease unless induced by a still further > eduction In rates than has even hoon lately mndc. Tbo departures for London comprise tho Crusader, Suuols, and Superb, and tho only ship noiv loading is tho Asia, for which a full cargo is ongaged. Kates of fieight have consoquontlv risen considerably, and it is tobo sincerely hopod that tho riso will bo maintained during the approaching v> ool sotson, as even at the incretsed ratos ships laid on for Condon will only do a barely remunerative business for the'r ownois. The Highflyer, Sus ex, and Clanranild, not yet arrived, will supply requirements next month ; after which the following vcseels aro In port to \oifi with the new clip, viz., Star of Penco, Turki«h Em- pire, and Wimmora. Tbo passenger trade bat boen very b-i-k as regards flrot-cla'S passengers, but quito insignificant in respect to othor clasica, Tbo following aro the charters to bo roported, viz. : To load at Nowcastle with coal, the Harlech Castle, 1,111, for Calcutta ; Tamerlane, 764, for Shanghai ; Florence Nightingale, 464, for Hong Kong ; Schiodain, 600, and Aquarius, 243. for Java ; and Ploormcl, 424, for Saigon, at rates closely aaalmllated to our quota- tions, lho Glengairn, 804, loads hero with Chineo for Hong Kong, at the usual figuro of £4 per hoad ; and the Helen, 343, bas engaged some cargo from this to tho Mauritius. Wu note the departure uf the Boan. maris Castle and Brechin Castlo, for Bombay,|with 265 horses, 10,000 sleepers, 070 coses preserved meats, bcBidcs sundries. Tbo Madras has also sallod, with 123 horses for Madras, and 100 tons copper and 826 tons coal, for Calcutta. Tho Loch Lomond is loading for tho last mentioned port, and will tako away about 120 horses, 4 600 sloepers, and a quantity of copper, which will exhaust the market. Freight quotations are-To London : Wool, greasy, 0j}d. ; do., washed, 0_d. ; tallow, 80s. to 40s. ; measurement, 80s. ; loather. 35s. to 40s. ; and bark, 30s. to 60s. per ton ; oil, in butts, 00s. per tun ; and copper oro, Is. por ton. From Newcastle-To Bhanghal, 23s. ; Hong Kong, 15a. ; Calcutta. 10'. ; Bombay, 23*. ; Java, 14s ; Saigon, 16s ; San Francisco (nominal). 20s. Fre- mantle to Calcutta-Ballway eloopors at 2s Od. oach." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. POUT OF MELBOUKNE. ARRIVALS AND CLKARANOKB BIHCK OUR LAST SUMUARY. [B., British; A., Amoricon; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Cb., Chilian ; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; Hn., Hanoverian; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G., North Gorman, S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian ; Bolg., Belgian ; Br.. Bremen ; Pr., Pruislan ; It., Russian ; B., ship; b., barquo; br.,brig; se, schoonor ; s.s,, Btoamor.] , June. ARRIVED. 25\. Tamerlanr, B. s., 784, John Craig, London.-J. H. While and Co. 25\. Annabella, B. b., 834, A, M'Donald, Mauritius. Joshua Brothorp. 26\. Egcrateia, B. br., 267, A. F. Mein, Mduritlu?. Joshua Brothors. 25\. Helen Malcolm, B. b., 311, J. Griffith, Calcutta. Captain Griffith. 26\. Macquario, B. sc" 125, W. Young, Singapore_ Captain Young. 20\. Ch'.ldwall Abbey, B. a., 1,227, R. F. N. Banks, London,-Vlrgoo, Son, and Co. 27\. Star of Peace, B. s" 1,113, R. Boaden, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 27\. Florence Nightingale, B. s., 461, A. Camoron, Takao (FormoBa).-Victoria Bugar Company. 27\. Carl, B. br" 164, Thoa. W. Lockyer, Mauritius. H. Selwyn Smith. 28\. Turkish Empire, B. s., 1,501, J. n. Barclay, Lon- don -W. Crosby and Co. 20\. Marian, li. H., 1,161, Henry B. Fletcher, London. W. Crosby and Co. 20\. Chelsea, B. a., 004 tons, J. Jamieson, Hong Kong. L. Kong Meng and Co. 20\. Plocrmel, F. b., 424, Chas. SagOt, Bourbon. Lauratet, Lo Roy, and Co. 29\. Samarang, B. s., 1,175. W. L. King, London. Geo. Martin and Co. i 80\. Dharwar, B. B., 1,800, T. A. Freebody, London. Alex, Maclarlan and Co. July. 1\. Kirkwood, B. s., 1,270, Thoa. Steol, Llvorpool. Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 2\. Aquarius, D. br., 243, A. Altmann, Foo-ohow. Jas. Henty and Co, 2\. G. O. Michèle, N. G. br., 203, D. Dolwltz, Boston. Ocborn, Cusbing, and Co. 8\. Birch Grove, B. b., 613, J. Coward, Liverpool. Grlce, Sumnor, and Co. 8\. NolUBka, Fb.b., 2i0, O. Co Merle, Bordeaux and Rochefort.-Curcior and Adet. 6\. Malta, R.M.S.S., 1,943, N. J. Skottowe, Galle. — F. R. Kendall. 6\. Helen, B. b., 843, George M. Evans, Takao, For- mosa-Victoria Sugar Company. 7\. Bamarang, D. b., 472, H. B, Do Groot, Ho Ho and Zebu.-Victoria Sugar Company. 7\. Western Star, B. br., 170, Rogor Turpie, Colombo. -F. W. Prell and Co. , 0\. Eaton Ball, B. s" 1,770, Thos. Mesnard, Liverpool. Dickson, Williams, and Co. 12\. Corona, B. s, 1,109, Henry Bato, London.-W. OrOBby and Co June. CLEARED OUT. l8. Catherine Fullarton, B. eo, 178, Jas. Hughan, Mauritius.-E. Cohen and Co. 10\. Malta, R.M.S.S., 940, N. J. Skottowe, Galle. - F. B. Kendall. 20\. Tein Esscr, D. io., 100, J. H. Graumann, Natal. -Turnbull, Smith, and Co. 21\. Hera, A. b., 383, J. H. Kent, Hong Kong, via New- castle.-Newell aid Co. 21\. Silistria, B. s" 612, Jaa. Walker, Callao.-Alex Mao arlan and Co. 22\. British Navy, B. s., 1,217, W. Portor, Guam. Lorlmor, Marwood, and Romo. 28\. David and Jessie, B. so.. 142, R. U'Mlckon, Co- lumbo, via Warrnambool,-Pigott Brothers and Co. 24\. Crusader, B. s., 1,508, Robort Kerr, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 26\. Koh-i-noor, B. b., 280, Thos, Dies noll, Fiji Island'. -Dodd and Thomson. 25\. Beaumaris Castle, B. a., 1,045, John Robertson, Bombay.-Bright Brothers and Co. 27\. Ooralea, A. s., 1,200, J. A. Havener, San Francisco, vlft Newcastle.-R. Towns and Co. 27\. Mariano, A. b., 549, A, H. Beerie, Quorn, via New- castle.-Newell and Co. SO. Victor, A. ... 093, W. Wass, Guim, via Newcastle. -Lord and Co. 80\. Oritl, B. se, ea, H. J. Beatson, Levuka, Fiji.-F. E. Beaver and Co. July. 2\. Madras, B. a,' 1,285, IL Falrlcm, 'Calcutta, vii Madras.-Dickson, Williams, and Co. 6\. Oloneorse, B. s., 1,040, R. W. Parr, Ban Francisco, vii Nowcostle-Dickson, William», and Co. 7\. Brechin Oastlo, B. s, 1,000, H. Korr, Bombay. Alex. Macfarlan and Co. * 8\. Suffolk, B. s., a. M. Millar, London.-W. P.Whlta. and Co. 9\. Glendevon, B. s., 054, J. W. V., Dlnloy, San Fran- cisco, vlft Newcastle-Goorgo Martin and Co. 12\. Anna, B. so., 144, J. A. Thompson, Levuka, Fiji.' -Osborn. Giumlng, and Co. l8. Suporb, B. e., 1,451, E. Jones, London.-J. H; Whito and Co. 14\. Ploermel. F. b" 425 O. Sagot, Saigon, via New castle.-R. Lauratel lo Roy and Co. IB. Aquarius, D. br., 240, Antony Altmjnn, Java, TÍ8 Newcastle-Jos. Henty and Co. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. FRIDAY, JULY lo. Closing Prioes. £ 1000000 300000 100000 10000 50000 80300 1S5400 163300 100000 20000 0000 Viet. Gov. Rlwy. Goeal), 6 por contJ Viet Government (local), 6 per cont. Melboumo Corporation, 6 per cont.1 Ballarat Water. 8 per cent. Ballarat Municipal, 0 per cont .. Collingwood Gai, 0 per cent. Melbourne Gas, 7 per cent. Melb. & II. B. United, 8 por cont Do., 7 per cent. . Do., 0 per cent. Do., 6 per cent. . Nelson (N.Z.) Qov., 8 per cont. .. Otago Provincial Gov.. 8 per cent. £ ' 108-108. 100-100. 1084-107 -s? £ 55000 437500 220000 100000 660000 1000000 C00000 60000 80000 24908 14900 COOOO 2080 24430 1260001 26000 40000 1G250 100000 40000 i 00000 2500O 25000 68870 17875 8000 87500 12333 E00OO 12000 7000 82840 634700' 10 PUEMO COMPANIES. BANKS. Bal. Bankg. Oimlt) De, now Issuo .. 7 'Colonial of Austral. BllCommcreial of Aus- tralia (limited) .. 2 Melb. Bank Corpo- ration (limited) .. 4'Natlonal of Austral. 20Now South Wales.. -. fVictorla(Mol.rog.) ¿ü\\\Do. (London reg.) 2 Land Mortgage OAS COU PAN IKS 7,Ballnrat 6¡Bondlgo 6Casllcmalno fi Collingw'd & Fitzroy OjDaylesford (limited) 4 Goolong Last div. per cont. pax/, annum. 10 J Molbourne INSORANGE. 2J'Austi*al. Fire & Mar, ¿(Australasian Lifo .. l|Australlan Alliance J.National Firo Insur. 1 Southern Insurance llVictorla Lifo k Gon. 25 Victoria Fire & Mar. MlSCXLbAKKOUS. lh Australian Dia J ) mond Mines ., 6 Bendigo Watcrwork O.Gippa Lnd. SteamN. 6 Hob Bay li. Sea Bath 7} Marítimo & douerai CredltCo. (Limit.) 6 Melb. Mcat-Prearvg. ¡Mudgco Gold and I "I Diamond f BO McIbournoExch'ngo 5 6 Ovens Waterworks. 1 ' 3 ¡Studley Park Bridge 20 20 Victorian Ice 20 20,Warrenheip Dlstlly. RAITJWAVS. 50 50'Melb.&nob.BayTTd.; 10 121 12» 121 10 Closing Priées. £ 787J 41-41 80Î-37 874 40.". 11-12 "3J4 2J-84 BJ-8 11J-1& 17S.-17K 28i-30s, 31s.-3}í. 22s. 2J-3 25-28 32vS-_. 14-1Î E-5J 17* AUNES. DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. Closing Prices. 22500 500 800O 4000 2000 2100 2000 2500 4400 1600 4000 4000 7000 8200 25G0 2500 000 450 12800 8343 C0OO 2500 4032 6448 Band of Hopo and Albion Consols, Ballarat .. Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Brcak-o'-Day, Rokewood Buninyong, Buninyong Great Northern Junction, Ballarat Galatea, Scarsdale .. Golden Stream Ooldon Horn, Springdallah Goldon Lake, Scarsdale Grand Trunk, Creswiok Grand Trunk, Happy Vtdloy Great Gulf, Ballarat .. Í Do., now issuo .. J Knecbono, El Dorado -. Koh-i-noor, Ballarat.. ¿Leviathan, Ballarat iwer Huntly Deep Lend .. Magnum Bonum, Maryboro'. Park, Ballarat. Prince of Wales, Ballarat .. St. George and Band of Hopo Sadowa, Talbot Scottish k Cornish, Ballarat. United Albion and Prlnco ol Wales, Ballarat Wellington, El Dorado 1018.-123. 1081-105. li 61-6* 12-16 35-50 7HÎ 184-136; 13-14 ' 64 14-U lls.-12i». NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 2500, 1000 1000 4000, 8600 4500 5000, E000 7000, 8000 2600, 3000' 7000, 4400, 8000 6400, 12800 4000,' Albion Consols, Ballarat .. All Saints', Ballarat .. Ballarat - Bendigo, Huntly. Durham, Ballarat Do., profèrent Do., now. Emperor, Ballarat Groat Extended, Eldorado .. Do., Contributing Great North-West, Ballarat.. Do., new . Inkermann and Durham, Bal. Lady Sutton, Chiltern Molbcurno and Avoca, Avoca Nightingale, Ballarat North Park, Ballarat Prince Imperial Soutli Nightingale .. United Iland-in-Hand and 7 Band of Hope, Ballarat, Í United OveiiB Gold and Tin, ) Eldorado.j United Suburban. Ballarat.. Winter's Freehold, Ballarat.. 12-.-121S. 2s. -Ss. 215-225» 3Ï 249.-25** Bs.-lOs. 2Î 04s.- 7«. 3s.-4s. 253.-208. 0¡-7i 4-44 2-3 DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 22500 80 10000 10000, 2400 10000 2200 1C0O 20000 8540 2480 2500 65000 1980' 1200. S2U00; 2000, 12000 10054 1716, 15944 14000 24000 12095 0940 23100 28000 28000 48601 12000, 1200 20870 19673, , 1CO0O, 2000 10000, 18001 2400, 620 2056. 20000 2400 28876 16000 22000 1080 8000 1600 2400 22500 1088 2000 2600 <400| 80C0O DOO 600, 4800 20000 Alllanco, Bendigo Advanco Bendigo Agamemnon, Bendigo Ajax, Alexandra Albort Company, Alexandra Ajax, Castlemaine Albion, Stoiglltz All Nations, Matlock.. Argus, Bendigo Al Castlo Reef, Wood's Pt., Black-hill, Ballarat .. Black Homo, Egerton Catherine Reef United Claim holders, Bendigo Clunes, Clunes Clunes United, Clunos Comot, Bondigo Costerfield, Heathcote Derby, Maldon lEoglcliawk Asso., Maldon .. Do. Prcforenco, Maldon |Do. Union, Maldon .. Ellcsmcro, Bondigo .. ¡Energetic, Bendigo [?GrandJunction,Maldon -j Great Britain. Bendigo Gt. Extended'lins tier's, Bon. Hercules, Bendigo .. ¡Homeward Bound, Alexandra nope. Wood's Point .. Hunt's, Woods Point Hustler's Reef, Bondigo Johnson's Reof, Bendigo .. Lady Barkly, Bendigo Loviathan, Black River Ltnscolt's Reef, Maldon Longfellow, Stringer's Long Tunnel, Stringer's Nelson, Maldon New North Clunes .. Nil Desperandum, Raywood.. Nortli Gipps Land, Strtngor's North II us tier's Reef, Bondigo N. Specimen Hill, Bendigo.. North Johnson's, Bendigo .. Prlnco of Wales, Matlock .. Red Jacket, Bright .. Royal Standard, Black River. Speculation, Maldon St. Mungo, Bendigo .. Spcclmon-hill, Daylesford .. Steiglitz, Steiglitz .. Sultan, Blackwood .. .. Cuite d Happy Valloy, Buck- land Victory, Bondigo Victoria, Clunes Walhalla, Stringer's Creok . Wallaby, Growler's Creok . Young Chum, Bendigo 7s.-8s. 2Js -5». Es.-lOo. E-fl 0 1749.-20**-. 20S.-263. IBs. 71s -71s, 7-74 Ols.-lOs, 32S.-33S. lOls.-lls. 6ÎS.-6S. 0a.-9js 8s -3}s. 8-34 116-120 122-125 0ÎL-79. 13J-1Í OJs.-lOjS. 84". 12ÏS.-13S. 6 21-21 20 6JS.-GJ« 2^-3 . 118-120 OJ.-IOJ, NON-DIYIDEND QUARTZ. 8000 20000 6000 24000 2000 1600 1020 8000 4000 4000 4800 2000 8000 82000 3040 8200 3600 2400 4000 8200 4000 3000 4000 4000 11000 2600 2000 6000 8500 4000 £0274 20274 8100 8000 Ben Lomond, Stuartmill Burn's Reof, Forest Creek Clunes, Great Northern Eagle; Bendigo Empress, Stringer's .. Energetic, Lauriston.. Eureka, Stringer's Creek Flying Scud .. Golden Age, Bondigo Golden Point, Clunos Great Wheal, Clunos.. Heicule», Stringer's .. Isis, Stuartmill Kangaroo Bob, Egarton Koh-i-noor, Bendigo.. London & Australian, Clunes Magdala, Pleasant Crook .. Mariner's and Sloan's, do. . . Now Garibaldi, Blackwood .. Newington, Pleasaut Oreok.. North Cohen's, Stringer's Ck. Now N. Cohen's, Stringor'sCk North Clunos Extension .. North Clunes Consola, Clunes Oriental. Clunos Pegleg, Bendigo Queen Victoria, Canadians South St. Mungo Seutb Cohen's, Stringer's Stn. Scotchman, Pleasant Ck. Trojan, Blackwood .. Tubal Cain, Stringer's U. Poverty Rosf. Tarnagulla. Victoria Reef, Bendigo Victoria Gold Mines, Bondigo Victoria, Gordon Wellesley, Egerton - 19.-1J9. Sa -55. 38.-49. 18-10* 8-84 183.-181. iCtyi. 4s-8». Ss.-3i> 8S.-10W 2Fi 2JS.-5«. 17S.-18» Sis.-»«. 61-61 6JB.-7*. 22s52j> 138.-14«. Printed and published by Hoon a*»*?*'¿JJS" . Asotm Office, Collins-stroot, Melbourne, for WB-sw» and MACKiNVO.t, proprietor*. 