DEPARTURES. April 26.—City of Brisbane, A.B.N. Oo.'s •., 504 tons, Captain F. C. Knight, for Sydney. Passengers: Mr. and Mrs. Carfrae, Miss O'Far rell, Master Oarfrae, Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Adazns and child, Mrs. Wildush and child, Mrs. Grimm and family, Miss Hancock, Baron de Biel, Herr Ton Qustschmid, Messrs. J. A. Crawford, J. De Y. Lamb, H. V. King, Webster, W. Thompson, Bey. Atkin, Ber. G. Grimm, aud 48 in the ■teerage. April 26.—Queensland, A.B.N. Co.'s s., 287 tons, Captain W. Cottier, for Maryborough, Gladstone, and Rockhampton. Pasaeugere : Miss Purser, Mrs. M'Gregor, Mrs. Chappell, Master Ohappell, Messrs. J. Bonar, D. Weisser, Alexander M'Gregor, Pascoe, Chappell, O. Tiffin, and 13 in the steerage. BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] Cape Moreton.—Arrivals: April 27. Lady Young, s.» from Sydney, at 11.30 p.m. April 28\. Planet, ship, from London, at 6.30 a.m. April 28\. The schooner Jason, bound to Maryborough, passed the port at 9.15 a.m., and the Balolutha, ■a., bound south, at 5 p.m. The Planet went into the bay at 2.30 p.m. Maryborough.—Arrival: April 27. Queens land, ss., from Brisbane, at 6.40 p.m. —Depar- tures : April 28. Clarence, s., for Brisbane, at 1 p.m.; Queensland, s., for Gladstone, at 1 p.m. Woody Island.—April 28. The Petrel, cut ter, left here at 7.46 a.m., bound north, and the James Nash has anchored off the Island. Clitslaicd Bat.—Arrival: April 28. Ti nonee, ss., from Port Denison.—Departure: April 28. Tinonee, ss., for Port Denison. Oamvwmll.— Arrival: April 28. Coquette, cutter, from Cleveland Bay. Private adVices state that the Cyrene, now overdue, from Liverpool, did not finally leave the English coast until December 1. By last mail arrangements with Messrs. Walker and Co., the shipowners of London, were completed by several of the principal shipping houses in Brisbane which are likely to prove of considerable importance to the shipping interests of this port. Messrs. Walker and Co. are the owners of vessels well and favorably known here—namely, the Decapolii, Alfred Hawley, and Harmodias, and by the under standing now arrived at these vessels and others of a similar class are to form a regular line of . Queensland traders. Each vessel as she arrives will be put on the berth for London, and the want, long felt, of a line of ships of moderate tonnage, leaving at regular intervals, will thus be supplied. A vessel will leave London f,r Brisbane every six weeks, or more frequently if freight offers. The Deoapolis, Captain Almond, wkieh has already sailed, is the first ship of the line, and comes to the consignment of Messrs. Clarke, Hodgson, and Co; the Olive Branoh, Captain Wyrell, to Messrs. Bright Brothers consignment; and the Harmodius, Captain Deason, to Messrs. G. Raff and Co., follow in turn. A new 17-years ship of 630 tons, yet unnamed, has been purchased specially for the line, and she leaves after the Harmodius, while the Alfred Hawley, a well known favorite, is next on turn. This is the order of sailing as at present fixed, but pro bably next mail will give fuller details. Messrs. Devitt and Moore, of Leadenhall-street, are the London brokers appointed to this line. nfrTmc Planet.—The Black Ball immigrant ■bip Planet arrived at Cape Moreton early on April 28, after an excellent passage of ninety five days from Gravesend, where she shipped her passengers on January 23. She anchored under Point Moreton during the forenoon, and when the flood tide made got under weigh and worked into the Bay against a light S.W. wind. At sundown she was off Cowan Cowan Point, where she would probably anchor for the night, •• the wind had died away. The Planet adds 199 souls to our population, including 138 English, 15 Scotch, and 46 Irish. Of the entire number 39 paid their passages in full; 84 have been assisted, by the Government paying part of the passage- money; 53 are free passengers, and 23 hare been brought out by remittances from their frienda in the colony. The occupations of the free and assisted are thus described : — Female domestic servants, 33 ; farm laborers, 46; painter, 1; butcher, 1; gardener, 1 j engineers, 4; shoemaker, 1 ; groom, 1; blaoksmiths, 2 ; bricklayers, 2 ; mason, 1; fitter, 1; carpenters, 6; wire drawer, 1; schoolmaster, 1. The passengers comprise 26 married couples, 78 single men, 40 single women, 12 boys and 10 girls under 12, 5 male and 2 female infants, making in all 121 males, and 78 females. Dr. W. C. Wigg is the surgeon superintendent of the passengers, and Miss Gillies matron in charge of the single girls. Fhbiohtb.— Saturday's Newcastle Chronicle states :—There is but very slight improvement in freights, and rates continue much depressed. The rates now offering are—Shanghai 245. 6d., Hong-kong 155., Bombay 255., Calcutta 175., Batavia 155., San Francisco 265. to 285., Mauritius 155., Singapore 155., Galle 15s, Oo conadah 18s. StDNBY FUBIGHTS PEB MoßT's CIBCTTIAB. Wool, clean, id. with 5 per cent, per lb.; greasy, id. in full; tallow, 40a. per ton; sheep skins, id. per lb. j hides, none shipping. A Bxuc ot a Massacred Cbbw.—Some few years ago a Danish sailor, named Ygesk, was employed at Newcastle, and while there was the means of saving souao lives during one of the .J nu B a that OCCtt9ionuUy prevail at that port. ±ne Sydney public, in recognition of his gal ant conduct, entered into a subscription, *nd presented him with a gold watch worth \L i um n eaa: . S' 9 meril also repre sented by Captain Hixson, our superintendent of pilots, Ao., to the British Royal Humane Society that institution awarded h m a medal. Vgesk ' subsequently came to Sydney, and shipped on ! board the schooner Marion Aenny, which waa bound to the South Sea Islands, in the tortoisesbell trade. The fate of Captain Delany and crew of the Marion Benny will still be fresh in the minds of people here, the whole crew having been murdered by the ; natives of Boubiana, one of the Solomon Islands. After the lapse of several years, Cap tain Macfarland, of the ketch Rose and Thistle, fitted out his craft for trading in the same locality. On the 28th of January last he was m the harbor of Roubiana, proceeding with his ! trafflo for shell, when one of the chiefs sent him . the watch and medal intact. By means of trade ! he obtained the two articles, and brought them ! to Sydney. He has shown them to Captain ' Uixon, who is anxious that they should be : given up to Ygesk's friends, if any can be found. It is somewhat extraordinary that bo delicate an article as a watch Bhould for several years have remained uninjured in the hands of savages so ignorant as not to know its value and use — ; 8\. M. Herald. ' '. Notiob xo Mabinebs.—The following, with ' reference to the large quantities of ice in the ' South Atlantio Ocean, was issued from the Hydrographic-office of the Admiralty, on Janu "J2*: —" I**ge number* of ioebergs and de-; tacued masses of ice having been fallen in with in the month* of September and November, 1869, by vessels homeward bound round Cape Horn ; —extending in the 42nd meridian of west longitude as far north as the parallel of 42J degs. south latitude; it is recommended that vessels taking this route should sight, or pass a moderate distance eastward of, the Falkland Islauds, and should not steer eastward of a N.E. by N. course (true) until northward of the parallel of 40 degs. By a reference to the Ad miralty Ice Chart of the Southern Hemisphere (No. 1241), it will be seen that icebergs and drift ice have been met with in the months of March and April, between the meridians of 20 degs. and 25 degs. west as far north as 40 degs., and as it appears that exceptionally huge quantities of ice are now adrift in the South Atlantic, vessels bound eastward round the Cape of Good Hope are cautioned accordingly." 