FURTHER ITEMS OF EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE. The Melbourne Argus of September 27 con tains the following late telegrams through Renter : — Paris, Sunday Evening, September 4. The Corps Legislatif assembled at 1 p.m. to day, when Count Palikao presented a proposal from the Council that a Government of five members be elected by an absolute majority of the Corps Legislatif, Count Palikao to be -Liieutenant-ixenerai. juies j?avre t-nen claimed priority for the discussion of his proposal of yesterday. M. Thiers proposed that the Chambers should appoint a commission for the government and the national defence of the couatry, and that a meeting of the constituents of the members of the Assembly should take place as soon as circumstances permitted. The Chamber passed a vote in favor of the urgent necessity for examining these proposi tions, but the sitting was then suspended. While the Chamber was in committee, an immense multitude gathered round the Corps Legislatif, where they made a great republican demonstration. Cries of 'decheance,' and 'Vive la Republique,' were raised. The National Guards and troops fraternised with the people and citizens, and invaded the galleries and the body of the Chamber. A great tumult then ensued, and it was impossible to continue the proceedings. Gambetta and several of the deputies pro claimed the fall of the Empire. The deputies on the left afterwards proceeded to the Hotel de Ville, where a Provisional Government was proclaimed, consisting of Gambetta, Terry, Simen, Le Fayre, Arano, Paggs, Cremieux, Keratry, Rochefort, Pelletan, Picard, and G/evy. Trochu remains Governor of Paris. Paris is greatly agitated, but no dis order or excesses have taken place. London, September 5. It is reported that Metz has surrendered. The Government is constituted as follows : — Trochu, President of the Government, with full military powers for the national defence ; Jules Fayre, Foreign Affairs ; Gambetta, Minister of the Interior ; Te Flo (?) Minister for War ; Fournelbon (?) Minister for Marine ; Cremieux, Minister of Justice ; Pieard, Minis ter of Finance ; Jules Simon, Public Instruc tion ; Dorian, Public Works ; Magnin, Com merce. The appointment of President of the Coun cil of State has been suppressed. Etienne Diazo has been nominated Mayor of Paris ; De Keratiy perfect of police. The manufacture and trade sale of arms is declared free. The deputies of Paris, including M. Roche fort, constitute a commission for the national defence, General Trochu as president. Perfect order is maintained in Paris. The Republic has been proclaimed at Lyons, Bordeaux, Grenoble, and other great cities. London, September 6. The Berlin official journal states that the number of prisoners taken includes fifty gene rals. The Prussian armies are still advancing on Paris. It is stated from Madrid that, in conse quence of the events in France, tine Govern ment is increasing the forces. The Republican deputies in the Cortes have sent congratula tory telegrams to the Provisional Government at Paris, and have held a demonstration in favor of abrogating the article of the constitu tion which established monarchical govern ment in Spain. The Correspondanoe Havas received in Cher- I bourgonthe 12th August news of a naval ' combat between the French ironclad corvette Thetis and a Prussian monitor, in the south of the Great Belt (Danish Straits). The French vessel, under the command of Captain Paul Serrur, sank the monitor, after a fight of short . duration. Of the fifty-five prisoners tried at Blois by the High Court, for conspiracy against the Emperor's life, thirty-eight have been ac quitted. The first snake story of the season (in this district) comes to us from Mr. O'Callaghan, who informs us that on opening a bedroom window yesterday morning, above the bed where one of his children sleeps, he saw a young snake about four feet in length, of the carpet species, upon the window sill. The rep tile was quickly killed. The following is a report of the latest crush ings at Gympie : — Enterprise — 215 tons from No. 2 south, Monckland (Whitby and party) yielded 593 ounces. 96 tons from No. 2 south, Smithfield (raised by the tributors) yielded 164 ounces. 109 tons from No. 4 south, New Monckland, yielded 37 ounces. 30 tons of surface stone from No. 1b north, New Monckland, yielded 8 oz. 5 dwts. Victoria. — 244 tons from the prospectors' claim, Smith field, yielded 215 ounces ; 35 tons from the prospectors' claim, Oro, yielded 25 ounces 15 dwts ; 12 tons from No. 9 south, Caledonia (a trial lot) yielded 4 ounces 12 dwts. — Gyiupie Times. A meeting- of the Maryborough Volunteer Corps took place last night at the drill room, Queen's Wharf, for the election of officers. Thenominations for the captaincy, made on the preceding Monday, were Messrs. F. A. Forbes, J. J. Gwynne, J. P. Lyons, and R. B. Sheridan J for the first lieutenantcy, Messrs. F. A. Forbes, P. Graham, J. J. Gywnne, J. P. Lyons, and N. E. N. Tooth ; for second lieutenxnt, Messrs. P. Graham, W. H. Irving, H. Macder mott, and T. N. Milner ; for ensign, Messrs. P. Graham, R. N. Sheridan, and E. Thorne ; and for surgeon, Drs. Brown, Palmer, and Ward The following gentlemen, prior to the return ing officer entering upon his duties, withdrew their names from the voting papers for the several offices for which they had been pro posed : — Captain, J. P. Lyons, F. A. Forbes ; 1st Lieut., J. P. Lyons ; 2nd Lieut., H. Macder mott. Mr. C. Carrington (the Secretary) was appointed Returning- Officer, and Messrs. Thompson and Hanley, Scrutineers. The fol lowing gentlemen were declared by the Returning-Officer duly elected : — Captain, R. B. Sheridan, Esq. ; First Lieutenant, Mr, F. A. Forbes ; Second Lieutenant, Mr. W. H. Irving ; Ensign, Mr. P. Graham ; Surgeon, Di. E. F. Palmer. After the several officers had thanked the company for their election, a vote of thanks was proposed, and carried unanimously, for the returning-officer and scrutineers, and the meeting, which had been singularly successful, then closed. It is satisfactory to observe, from an adver tisement concerning the police paddock fence, fronting Kent-street, that the danger with which it has for some weeks past been threaten ing passers-by is about to be remedied. Ever since the lowering of the street level, the un happy combination of posts and rails has been hanging despondent between earth and heaven, and seemed to be meditating every moment a spring into the abyss. We shall be greatly surprised if the rain, which is falling in tor rents as we write, does not ' lower ' the whole affair to some purpose, and possibly (im) pale some' hapless foot passenger before morning. At the Intercolonial Exhibition, at Sydney, a Sydney correspondent says : —One of the articles of local production which have grown up out of the pastoral occupation of Australia is the manufacture of leather, and this has now become an important industry. Time was when we used to send the skins home, and get them back as leather ; but that time has now passed. The colonial tanners take their pick of the hides exposed for sale, and only the sur plus ones are exported. There was no large exhibit of hides, there being only three com petitors, but Messrs. Tooth and Cran took the .prize for hides at 26s. each. There was a separate class for skins, in which there was a considerable variety of things more curious than useful. Bird-skins, eel- skins, snake-skins, iguana-skins, squirrel-skins, See., are not of any particular commercial value, and the two opossum-skins shown by Mr. Wreden, of Victoria, were not considered to be of noticeable merit. The only commended exhibit in this class was that of the three Angora goat-skins shown by the Acclimatisa tion Society of Victoria ; or rather, the com mendation was given for the collection in the case, which included the ostrich feathers. The Brisbane Bridge. — We have been in formed that the arrangements made some months since, between the Corporation of Brisbane and the Bank of Queensland in Eng for the completion of the bridge across the Brisbane River, have been agreed to by Messrs. Brassay and Co., the contractors, who have undertaken to finish the bridge on the terms proposed by the Corporation. The necessary documents have been received, and the con sent of parties here is only wanting, in order to allow the work to commence. — Queensland Express. A large crowd collected in Bourke-street at about noon on Monday to ascertain why a bulky man. wearing a volunteer coat and cap, and flourishing a thick stick, was dragging a little man. apparently a carter, with a whip in his hand, aloDg the street, with ferocious re marks as to what he would do witii ' the rob ber, — the Tasmanian convict — the rascal,' whom he was conducting to the watch-house. A constable, as soon as he could make himself heard above the cheers of the excited street Arabs, endeavored to restore quiet and find out the rights of the case, but finding it impos sible to do so, he assisted the fat man in the uniform to the lockup along with the other man, and on reaching that place the military specimen of the effects of a liberal commis sariat announced himself to be a constable of the colony of Victoria, and as such, empow ered to apprehend vagabonds in general, and escaped Tasmanian convicts in particular. Saying this, he suddenly shut one eye, and screwing up the other, gazed hard and fast through a magnifying instrument as large as a hand looking-glass at the sergeant, whom he immediately classed amongst the exTasma nian worthies. He then gave his name as Lascelles, and wanted to give the carter in charge ; but the affair having been explained by a man and one or two constables, he was released, and directed to appear next morning to give evidence against the self-constituted constable, who was then locked up on a charge of disorderly conduct. Hearing this, he in formed the police that they were forcing him to break an appointment with his Excellency ; to which the sergeant replied that his Excel lency would no doubt feel much obliged to the police for sparing him the interview. The uniform worn by Lascelles was stated to be that of a Volunteer bandsman. It was stated that he had at one time been an extensive squatter, but that he had so often given way to drink that his mind occasionally wandered, and prompted mad freaks like the present. Lascelles was on Tuesday taken before the City Bench, charged with disorderly conduct, and his behaviour towards the Bench was so eccentric that he was remanded for medical inquiry as to his sanity. It was certified by his examiners that he was mad, and the Bench sent him to the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum. — Australasian. ~ ? By the ship Humboldt, which left Ham- burg on July 16, we are likely to receive a good number of useful German immigrants. Amongst trades and occupations specified are "shepherds (learned ) " and "gardeners (learned)," which means that the immigrants referred to have received special education in the occupations mentioned. The following note by the German Immigration Agent is a good recommendation. After enumerating the trades and callings, he says : — '' A great num- ber of the above tradesmen have come from the country districts, and are also agricultural laborers. The above-mentioned shepherds are experienced in the breeding of fine sheep, and will be valuable in charge of stud flocks. The engineers and blacksmiths will be wanted for sugar mills, and the tin-smiths for meat preserving." — Courier. A census will be taken in Great Britain in 1871, and is co show the ' name, sex, age, rank, profession or occupation, condition, relation to head of family, and birthplace of every living person who abode in every house on the night of Sunday, the 2nd day oi April, 1871, and also whether any are blind or deaf and dumb. Measures will also be taken to ascertain the number of persons travelling or, for any other reason, not abiding in any house. An account of houses will also be taken, occupied or unin habited, or building. There will be a penalty for making a false return or refusing to make any. We hear that a most painfully fatal accident occurred at Messrs. Whi6h and Trevelyan's sugar manufactory on Friday last. One of the men employed on the premises fell into a pan of boiling syrup, and was so severely injured that he died shortly afterwards.— Courier. The first snake story of the season comes to us attended with very melancholy results in the death of a boy named George Faulkner, aged 15, a son of Mr. James Faulkner, Fisher field, Albert River. The deceased wa6 bitten by a death adder on the 30th ultimo, and ex pired on the following day, having lived only eighteen hours after being bitten. -There was no medical assistance close to the place where the accident occurred, and a messenger had to be dispatched for Mr. Block, chemist, who re sides on the Logan, but on his arrival the boy was dead. On the day of the boy's death a magisterial inquiry was held into the circum stances, and facts in -accordance with the above elicited. — Ibid. Refusal to Consecrate by the Arch bishop op York. — A very beautiful new church, designed by Mr. George Edmund Street. A.R.A., has been built at Thixendale on-the-Wolds, East Riding, at the sole cost of Sir Tatton Sykes. The edifice has been ready for consecration for fully six months, but from certain causes disappointment has resulted on the two occasions fixed for the ceremony. It was first announced that the consecration would be performed on the 4th of April last, and every preparation was made, when on the previons Saturday only it was stated the Arch bishop would not consecrate in consequence of some informality in the deed of conveyance. Rumour at that time said all was not right in the chancel. The ceremony was again fixed, but early last week it was intimated to the founder that unless the 'super altar' were altered the consecration could not be performed. To this it is understood Sir Tatton Sykes de clined to accede, and there will be another postponement sine die. The super altar is a shelf-like slab of red marble, supported at each end by jambs of Caen stone. The oaken com munion table is partly overhung by this slab, which is walled into the base of an elaborately panelled reredos of Caen stone and Devonian marble, of which it is really a part. This, it is alleged, was shown in the drawing of the church which was submitted to the Arch bishop. In this difficulty the architect has been sent for, Sir Tatton Sykes refusing to permit any alteration without his sanction, and the church remains still useless. A correspondent of the Courier says : — The slight hailstorm which fell at Brisbane on Monday afternoon, visited the neighborhood of Doughboy Creek with extraordinary violence. Such a storm has not been known there for many years. Towards five o'clock dense clouds were observed to be forming in the south, and these presently burst with great fury, discharg ing volleys of hail, which being driven by a high wind in a nearly horizontal direction, carried destruction before it. Growing crops of all sorts were speedily lodged or hopelessly destroyed ; vegetables were reduced to a pulp, and driven into the soil ; fruit trees were stripped of leaves and crop, roofs were stripped, windows broken, and the ground covered with the branches of forest trees. In some places the hailstones drif'ed to the depth of afoot, and they were still visible in many places long after sunrise on the following morning. The storm was also experienced in the Bay, where it was almost unexampled. Foxes fob Australia. — A gentleman in Paris recommends the colonists to introduce foxes as a means of keeping down rabbits in Australia, adding that when foxes become too numerous packs of hounds can be estab lished, the equilibrium maintained, and sport produced. 