SUMMARY for EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The Parliamentary campaign of 1870 commenced on Tuesday, the 15th inst., upon which day the third session of the sixth Victorian Parliament was inaugu- rated by the usual speech delivered by His Excellency the Governor. The speech, which is given elsewhere, dif- fered but very little from other pro- ductions of a similar character. A very fair amount of useful and much needed Legislation was promised, and if the promise be only fulfilled the Govern- ment and Parliament will both deserve the thanks of the community. Prior to the assembling of Par- liament, it was absurdly rumoured that Ministers intended to disclose no policy, but merely to ask for sup- plies and a still further adjourn- ment. The wish appears to have been father to the thought upon the part of the opponents of the Government, for the Opposition journals boastfully announced that a vote of want of confidence would be proposed and carried, and commenced to triumph over a victory which they appeared to regard as already achieved. After the delivery of the Governor's speech, there was a wonderful alteration in their tone, and it soon became apparent that the Opposition was altogether disorganised. When the motion for an address in reply to the speech was proposed, it at first seemed as though it would be agreed to without remark, but after an ominous silence of two or three minutes, Mr. Bates, a very mediocre member of the Opposition, rose and asked for the post- ponement of the debate until the following day. The Chief Secretary rather sarcas- tically asked if the hon. member was to be considered as speaking on behalf of the Opposition, an inquiry which raised a general smile throughout the House. No objection was, how- ever, made to the request, and after a few other remarks the House ad- journed. On the following afternoon, prior to the meeting of the Assembly, a very poorly-attended caucus of the Oppo- sition was held, and after some conver- sation, Mr. M'Culloch, the late Chief Secretary, announced that he did not intend to take upon himself the respon- sibility of moving an amendment on the address. This set the matter at rest, but as a means of worrying the Ministry it was resolved that the speech, or rather the address, which as usual was a mere re-echo of it, should be criticised paragraph by paragraph. Accordingly, when Parliament met the unprecedented course was taken of requesting the Speaker to read the address paragraph by paragraph, and each was treated as a separate resolution. The Government was attacked upon every item, and an endeavour was made to force from them the details of almost all the measures which they had announced their inten- tion of introducing. ln the speech, it was stated that the Government were unable to recommend the acceptance of any of the tenders which had been received for a steam mail and passenger service via the Cape of Good Hope. Upon the mention of this subject in the address, Mr. M'Culloch moved an amendment, ex- pressive of a hope that his Excellency's advisers would continue their efforts to obtain the establishment of such a ser- vice. He, however, withdrew it upon being ' assured that the Government would not lose sight of the matter. It then seemed probable that the address would be agreed to without anything approaching a formal discussion, but the subject of education formed too great a temptation for Mr. Higginbotham. The Government had announced their in- tention of bringing in a bill dealing with this question, and on reference being made to it, the hon. member moved an amendment to the effect " that no measure would be acceptable to the House that did not provide for a general system of purely secular educa- tion and the withdrawal of all aid from denominational schools." Mr. Higin botham said that he did not intend the amendment as a vote of want of con- fidence, but it was evident that it must be accepted in that light, and it was pointed out to the hon. gentleman that he himself, when a member of the M'Culloch Ad- ministration, declared, upon the pro- position of a far less important amend- ment in the address in reply to the Governor's speech, that any such amend- ment could only be regarded as a vote of want of confidence in the Ministry. As, however, Mr. Higinbotham revels in a perfect atmosphere of inconsistency, this quoting of himself against himself produced no effect, and he refused to withdraw the amendment. This manouvre took the House some- what by surprise, since a majority of hon. members are known to be in favour of the principles set forth in the amend- ment, and some of the supporters of the Ministry asked the Government to accept it. The Chief Secretary very clearly pointed out that it was impos- sible to take that course. The Opposi- tion then thought they had placed the Government in a dilemma, and it was soon evident that a determined attempt was to be made 'to oust the Ministry upon a point which had thus accidentally arisen. The debate was again adjourned, the Opposition rallied all their forces, members were telegraphed for from the country, but after they had done all they could they found themselves in a minority of six, and the Government were thus triumph- ant in the first fight of the session-a Äght, too, which was anything bat a fair one, but in which it was sought to secure their defeat at the last moment by a cunningly-planned flank movement. Since then no busi- ness of importance has been transacted. The financial statement will probably be made on Wednesday, and the real busi- ness of the session will then commence. The New Land Act came into operation on the 1st inst., and already there is a large number of applicants, and a considerable area of land has been marked out. At first there was some confusion through the regulations not being clearly understood, and also through the land officers being embar- rassed by the immense quantity of work which was suddenly thrown upon them, but everything appears to be now work- ing smoothly. Both from South Aus- tralia and New South Wales settlers are daily arriving with all their household goods, anxious to settle down under the liberal land law of Victoria. We have plenty of room for all and for tens of thousands of others from the old country. Almost simultaneously with the new Land Act coming into operation, fresh immigration regulations of a very liberal character have been framed, and laid before Parliament. They are given in detail in another portion of this sum- mary. It will be seen by them that the agent-general in London is em- powered to grant free passages to do- mestic female servants and married people of the class of small farmers and labourers. Other persons also, desirous of assistance for themselves or friends, in order to enable them to reach this colony, will be enabled to obtain passage warrants from the Agent-General entitling them to a passage to Melbourne upon payment, if under 50 years of age, of from £1 to £4, according to sex and age, and if over 50, upon payment of from £5 to £8. These regulations are to come into operation on the 14th of next month, but no active steps will be taken in accordance with them until Parlia- ment has determined what sum it will grant for immigration purposes. In our last summary we mentioned the appointment of three new Ministers, and at the same time stated that Mr. Aspinall had been re-elected with- out opposition. Mr. M'Lellan was equally fortunate, and Mr. Berry, al- though opposed by Mr. Rutherford, a gentleman of large local influence, who was supported by the whole strength of the old M'Culloch party, succeeded in de- feating his opponent by a considerable majority. These facts are significant of the change which has gradually taken place in public opinion. We regret to have to notice the death of the Hon. J. M'Crae, who died on Saturday, the 19th inst., at his station on the Murrumbidgee. Mr. M'Crae was for a short time Minister of Public Works in the last M'Culloch Administra- tion. SOCIAL SUMMARY. Now that Parliament has re-assembled, politics are once moro in the ascendant, al- though, opart from Parliamentary affairs, the events of the month havo not been unin- teresting. The coming into operation of the now Land Act, the inauguration of the Vic- torian ilag, the meeting of the Chnrch of England Assembly, and other matters of more or less importance, are included in the histoiy of the past four weeks. The weather has been, as a rule, fino and agreeable, and favourable for the vintage, which promises to be as satisfactory as the grain harvest proved to be. Some hot days, especially up the country, where a number of destructive bush flics havo again occurred, have been experienced, and in Melbourne, on the loth February, the highest temperature of the season was registered, viz., 109° in the shade ; but as the heat was not continuous, it was comparatively little felt. Returns which have just been prepared for presentation to Parliament show that the im- ports of tho colony in 1809 amounted to ¡£13,908,990, and the exports to £13,-IG1,354 ; while the revenue collected at the Cus tom-houso during the same period was £1,510,713. The returns for the present year, as far as they have buen ascer- tained, are not so satisfactory, the im- ports and expoits showing a steady weekly decline, as compared with the corresponding weeks of 1809. Up to the 19th February, tho total impoits for tho year amounted to £2,205,919, while last year they were valued at £2,-117,72-. The falling off in the exports is even moio noticeable, for while the figures for last year aro £2,512,259, the exports for the present year amount to only £2,138,43S. The new Victorian flag has been formally adopted, and the colony now possesses its own national ensign. The inauguration ceremony, which took place on board H.M.V.S. Nelson, on the 9th February, was made the occasion of a very pleasant trip down the bay. The new flag, which has been adopted at the sug- gestion of the Admiralty to distinguish the vessels of tho Victorian Navy, consists, for vessels in the service of the Government, of the blue ensign with five white stars, repre- senting the constellation of the Southern Cross, in the fly ; and for merchant vessels, of the red ensign with the same badge in the fly. Some 200 people accepted the invitation of the Chief Secretary to join in the inaugural fes- tivities, and the company on board included nearly all the Ministry, a fair sprinkling of the rnctnberâ of both Houses of tho Le- gislature, and many of our leading citi- zens, with their wives and families. His Excellency the Governor, in consequence of his recent bereavement, could not attend, but Major-General Sir Trevor Chute, K.C.B., and several members of the Executive Coun- cil were present. The Nelson got under weigh at about 9 o'clock in the morning, and steamed towards Sandridge in order to display the flag from a central position amongst the shipping. When about midway between Williamstown and Sandridge, her head was turned in tho direction of the Heads, and as she swung round the colours were hoisted, and a salute of 21 guns fired. Mrs. Macpherson broke, or unfurled, the blue or Government flag at tho main, and Miss Cohen, daughter of the Commissioner of Cus- toms, broke the red or mercantile flag at the mizen. The band of tho Nelson having played the National Anthem, three hearty cheers were given, and the ceremony was over. The vessel then proceeded on her trip down the bay, carrying tho St. George's ensign (the man-of-war's flag) at the fore, and tho ships at anchor, which were dressed, as well as those at tho piers, saluted as she passed them. When the entrance to the Southern Channel had been reached-a distance of 30 miles from the starting point-the return journey was begun, the visitors at tho same time descending to tho 'tween decks, where on elegant di'jeuner had been lain. The Chief Secretary presided, and atnougst the toasts was given, " Success to the Victorian Flag" a sentiment which was drunk with enthu- siasm. The arrangements for the departure of the second battalion of the 14th Regiment for England are now nearly completed. The Walmer Castle, of the Blackwall line, which has frequently carried troops from England to India, has been selected for their trans- port. She will be specially fitted up, and will sail about the middle of March, taking away nearly 500 adults in all, including 35 officers with their wives and families, 320 privates, 50 women, and 120 children. In place of tho 14th Regiment there are to be stationed in Melbourno three companies of the 18th Regi- ment, which, upon its withdrawal from New Zealand, is being distributed through the va rious Australian colonies. The preliminary work in connexion with the North-Eastern Railway is being pressed for- ward with alacrity. It is necessary as a first step to obtain possession of the lands through which the railway is to be made, and in order to effect this the owners and occupiers are being served with notices under the act, and are sending in the claims for compensation. For the past month this part of the business has been proceeding, and the whole of the notices on the first 60 miles will be served, and negotiations opened, with as little delay as possible. Tenders for the con- struction of the first 50 miles of the railway have been invited, and are to be sent in by the 24th March. Instructions have already been forwarded to the agent-general in London to procure six passenger and eight goods engines for the now lines ; and after getting the latest and best patterns from home the experiment is to be made of manu- facturing engines in the colony. Sixty engines in all will be required, but it is not considered advisable in the first instance to enter upon a larger experiment than the manufacture of half a dozen. It is in- tended, at all events, to have the other rolling stock made in the colony. Steam communication between the Aus- tralian colonies and San Francisco will be opened up at an earlier date than had been anticipated. Threo of the finest steamers be- longing to the Australasian Steam Navigation Company-the City of Melbourne, City of Adelaide and Wonga Wonga-have been on gaged by the American Company, which now runs steamships of the largest class between San Francisco and China and Japan, to run between Sydney and Honolulu, connecting at the last-named port with the American ves- sels. This service will be commenced towards the end of March, after which tho Mel- bourne and Sydney trade, and the Adelaido mail servico, will be left to the smaller vessels of the company. The Wonga Wonga, which has been selected to make tho first trip from Sydney to Honolulu, is advertised to take her departure on the 2Gth March. She will sail via Auckland. N.Z. By the last mail some instructions regard- ing the Cerberuswere sent home to the agent general. Mr. Verdon has been requested to ascertain whether the British Government in- tend to claim a share in the management of the vessel, or control over its officers, and the home authorities are to be informed that the Victorian Government cannot take any steps towards filling Captain Norman's place as commander unless they are assured that the Cerberus will be handed over to the colony unconditionally. In tho course of an inter- view with the agents of the Mótala Iron Works, Sweden, who uiged the Government to pur- chase Ericsson gun-hoats for the defence of the port, the Chief Secretary alluded to the difficult position in which in his opinion the Government were placed with regard to the defences of the colony. Ho considered that Mr. Verdon had made a mistake in pur- chasing the Cerberus-in fact, that he had secured a white elephant; but still, as the home Government had spent £120,000 upon the vessel, the colony would have to take her whenever she was ready, provided she was offered upon terms which the Government could accept. Ho was personally in favour of having small boats, which would be able to go almost anywhere about the bay, in pre- ference to one large vessel, but until it had been decided whether the Cerberus would bo accepted or not, he could not entertain any other proposal. He went the length of say- ing, however, that if the British Government, in handing over the Cerberus, claimed ashare in the management of tho vessel, they might keep her. A conference is proposed with the view of bringing about a Customs union of the various Australian colonies. Mr. Randall, of South Australia, who has been interesting himself so vigorously to promote a union of this nature between that colony and our own, has just returned from Tasmania, where ho has had an interview with a loading member of the Ministry, who has undertaken to write to all tho other Atistralian Governments urging upon them to agree to a con- ference to be held in April or May next, at any place which may bo most convenient to the majority of them, in order to ascertain whether some arrangement cannot bo arrived at for bringing about a Customs union. Tho Tasmanian Government has signified its willingness to join for this purpose with three of the colonies on the mainland if the whole of them will not come in, and it will waivo all minor considerations with a view to bring about united action on this point. ' Announcements have appeared in the ad- vertising columns of the Melbourne journals, from the British-Indian Submarine Telegraph Company, stating that the line from India to Great Britain is expected to be opened for traffic in the middle of March, and giving instructions and information with respect to the transmission of telegrams from Australia to Europe. No doubt the now lino will be made considerable use of by morchants and others in tho colonies interested in commer- cial pursuits. In nearly every summary for months past we have had to record tho loss of some old colonist or public man, and death this month has removed another early settler and poli- tician, the Hon. John M'Crao, M.L.C. For some timo past the lion, gentleman had beon ailing, and it was while on a visit to his sta- tion at Nap-nap, Murrumbidgee, in pursuit of health, that his death took place. Mr. M'Crae was horn about the year 18?,0 at Strabane, Tyrone, Ireland, where his father was en- gaged in mercantile pursuits, and he came out to Melbourne with two of his sisters in 18.(3. Ho first engaged himself in business in Melbourno as a saddler, and after a few years became a squatter on the Avoca. In 1846 ho paid a visit to his native country, returning after the lapso of 12 months. In 1852 ho cavo, up pastoral pursuits for the time, and settled first in Melbourne and afterwards at Toorak, his circumstances having been made sufficiently easy for him to he wholly independent of business. He sub- sequently, however, resumed pastoral pur- suits in connexion with the Nap Nap station, on the Murrumbidgee, about 40 miles from ?Hay, where his eldest son is now established, and where his death took place. Ho entered the political world in 1860, and on the 8th of October of that year was elected member of tho Legislative Council for the South- west Province. In Parliament Mr. M'Crae showed himself to bo devotedly in favour of protection, and was an unflinching supporter of tho politics of the late M'Culloch Administration. In October, 18G8, he accepted office in that Government as Commissioner of Public Work1?, after much hesitation, caused by conscious- ness of failing health. Whilo a member of the late Government, his conduct was such as to materially heighten the esteem in which he had been held, and as representative of the Administration in tho Legislative Council he exhibited some degree of ability. In private life, and as an active raomber of the Presbyterian Church in Victoria, his position was deservedly high. As a mark of respect to his memory both Houses of Parliament sus- pended business for ono day. The bishop of Melbourne announced at the recent meeting of the Church Assembly that with the aid of tho council of tho diocese, he had re-arranged the limits of the archdeaconries, and had constituted the northern and eastern portions of tho colony into the archdeaconry of Beechworth and Sale, to which bo had appointed the Rev. Dr. Tucker, who, consequently, resiens the agency of the British and Foroign Bible Society. The committee of the Victoria Auxiliary, at a special meeting on the 22nd inst., expressed in a resolution their "regret that the society is losing so valuable an agent, and deem it their duty to bear their testimony to his un Íiring energy in furthering tho work of the iible Society in the Australian colonies. They also recoid their sense of the Christian courtesy which has marked all his communi- cations with tho committee, and the valuablo counsel the^ havo received from him on various occasions, and express their hcartfolt good wishes that the Divino blessing may largely attend him in tho new -sphere of labour to which* ho has been called." Tho archdeacon will hold the incumbency of Wan- garatta. A meeting has been held of tho subscribers to the fund for bringing Lancashire labourers to the colony, at which Mr. Everard, M.L.A., presided. The treasurer stated that pro- mises of donations to tho amount of £139 had been received, and that £126 had actually been paid, and was then lying in the bank. Five transferable passage-warrants ! Lad also been presented to the fund. TherB bad been no expenses. Tho meeting then deliberated upon tho steps to be taken to carry out tbo objects for which the fund was raised, and it was resolved to take ad- vantage of tho provision in tho new imtni migration regulations which permits warrant emigrants to bo nominated in England, and to request MR Verdon to undortako the duty of administering the fund at home. Mr. David Lyons, a subscriber, who is going home by the mail, was requested to place himself in communication with Mr. Verdon on his arrival in London, and assist in the distribution of tho fund. Utider the new immigration regulations, the sum to bo transmitted to the agent-genoral will enable some 30 adult malo emigrants, all farm labourers, gardeners, &c;, to reçoive free pas- sages to Victoria ; but as it is probable that a duo proportion of women and children will receive the benefit of tho fund, it is not un- reasonable to expect that upwards of CO persons, of various ages and sexes, will bo benefited by the comparatively small sum subscribed. Tlie Hon. Charles Gavan Duffy lectured on the 10 th February to a oro wded and appreci ati ve audience in the Melbourne Polytechnic-hall, the subject being, " Why is Ireland Poor and Discontented?" The lecturer asserted that Ireland was poor because she was habitually misgoverned, and that she was discontented because all tbo effort- which had been m ado to induce tbo Imperial Parliament to rolievo her from tho laws under which she had decayed had been made in vain. Ireland, he con- tended, had been denied by law the conditions under which all other agricultural countries had prospered, and without which none of them had over done so. These assertions were supported by a long array of facts, and the lecturer's descriptions of the wrongs his country had endured, and tbo "accursed sights for ever burned in his memory," were listened to with the deepest sympathy. The financial position of the Melbourne Corporation has been engaging the attention of the City Council. At the quarterly meeting Councillors Moubray and Bayles urged the corporation to adopt an economical policy, in viow of a probable deficiency of £30,0.0 at the end ot the year, and at the last weekly meeting of tho council the ques- tion was again discussed. Councillor Butters contradicted tho statements made at a previous meeting respecting the appre- hended deficit, and asserted that, on the contrary, a credit balance might bo anti- cipated if the recommendations of the Fi nanco Committee were adopted, as the esti- mates of expenditure had been brought within tho revenue. The debate on the subject has not yet been finished. Increasing demands are being made upon tho resources of the metropolitan water supply, and numerous applications for tho extension of the Yan Yean mains have been unsuccessfully made. Tho inability of the Water department to make the necessary ex- tensions of tho system has been caused by the want of pipes, but it is intended to advertise immediately for a large supply, so that pipes may always be ready for use when required. In view of the still further demand for water that may bo expected, the question of the adequacy of our present means of supply has been raised. The Yan Yean reservoir will probably be sufficient for some years to come, but to place matters on a still moro satisfac- tory footing, the Commissioner of Public Works has instructed Mr. Taylor, formerly engineer in the Water Supply department, to malie a survey of King Parrot and Silver Creeks, as well as the country to the north of the Yan Yean reservoir, with the viow of ob- taining additional-sources of supply. At the instance"of the Short Hours League, the Government have consented to insert in all Government contracts a condition that no moro than eight hours' labour per day shall be exacted from workmen of any class. The contracts for the new railways will of courso be subject " to the condition. It adoption is likelyvto cause some difficulty in the case of contracta taken before it came into operation, and*already at Malmsbury the workmen employed upon the waterworks have struck because the contractors wish them to work during the same number of hours as before. Under the net passed last session, thirteen new trustees for tho Melbourne Public Library have been appointed, increasing the .rust to l8 members, The following are the names of the new trustees,:-Tho Hon. John O'sha- nassy, M.L.C., the Hon. J. M'Cullocb, M.L.A., the Hon. T. H. Fellows, M.L.A., the Hon. J. G. Francis, M.L.A., Judge Bindon, the Hon. C. G. Duffy, M.L.A., tho Hon. A. Michie, the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale, Mr. C. E. Bright, the Hon, J. A. Macpherson, M.L.A., the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, M.L.C., Mr. J. Badcock, and Mr. E. L. Montefiore. The old trustees, who, of course, remain in office, are Sir W. F. Stawell, Sir Redmond Barry, Sir J. F. Palmer, Sir F. Murphy, and Mr. M'Arthur. Tho new trust will have charge not only of the Public Library, but of the National Art Collection and tho Techno- logical "Museum.. In reply to a largo and influential deputa- tion from tho Western District, tho Obiof Secretary has stated that ho considers the late Government have pledged the country to the extension of railway communication to the westward. Ho was unable, however, to give any promise as to when the under- taking would bo commenced. The Government has shown its willingness to encourage private enterprise in opening up the country by means ot railway communi- cation. A few weeks ago it consented to grant a money subsidy to a company prepared to undertake an extension, of the Beechworth line, and there is no doubt that it will favourably entertain a similar application from private capitalists who are willing to construct a line from Springs to Wahgunyah. If, as seems not improbable, the New South Wales Government extend their main line to Corowa, a town on the Murray, nearly oppo- site Wahgunyah, the proposed branch line would serve to connect the railway systems of the two colonies. The Artisans' Schools of Design which have been established in Melbourne, Etnorald-hill, and Brunswick," aro being well attended by the younger members of tho working-classes, and it is probable that similar schools will before long bo opened in most of the suburbs of the metropolis. At Fitzroy, steps are being taken to establish a school on the model of those already in operation. The trustees of the Public Library havo recently received by the ship Harkaway a magnificent painting in oil of the present King of Prussia, which has been presented to the institution by His Majesty, through Mr. W. H. Brahe, consul for the North German Confederation. The trial of the late accountant of the Commercial Bank, Thomas Webb Draper, which took place on the 23rd February at the Melbourne Criminal Sessions, has resulted in the conviction of the pri- soner upon one of tho charges of em- bezzlement brought against him. In this instance Draper was charged with converting to his own use a cheque for £987 18s. 11d. The cheque formed part of a sum of £1,030 9s. 6d., with which Messrs. G. C. Darbyshire and Ernest Brunko proposed to open an account at the Commercial Bank. The money and the pay-slip representing the amount were given to Draper, who instead of opening the account as directed, paid the £987 I8s. 11d. cheque into the bank separately, appro- priating by one pay slip £727 18s. lid. to his own account, which was then laruely over- drawn, and £200 to the account of Clarke and Co., to whom ho was indebted to the extent of about £300. Ho at the samo time directed the ledger-keeper to honour all cheques pre- sented by Darbyshire aud Brunke, as they were about to open an account. Subse- quently. Draper paid into Darbyshire and Drunken account a chequo for £4210s. 7d , and also a sum of £987 18s. lid., represented as having been paid to tlieiraccountin London, which mado up the amount of £1,030 Di. Gd. The defenco set up by thepiisoner-counsel was ! ingenious-namely, that the bank had nover been deprived of the monoy represented by Darbjsbire'a cheque for £087 ; the bank had received tho proceeds of it, and although those proceeds were diverted from the account to which it should have been placed, the bank had not lost the money. This question was -reserved as ono of law for tho full Court, and the case went to the jury, who declined to accept this view, and found the prisoner "Guilty." Mr. Justice Williams sentonced the pribonerto onlyl.months'itnprisonmont, and the leniency of the punishment has ex- cited highly unfavourable comment, espe- cially as the learned judge the other day passed a precisely.similar sentence- upon a cabman charged with feloniously receiving a Crimean shirt worth 12s. Tho bank, whose losses by these defalcations amount to over £1G,000, have threo other cases to bring against the prisoner. The corner stone of a college which is to ho affiliated with the Melbourno University, under the title of Trinity College, was laid on the 10th February, by the Right Rov. the Bishop of Melbourne. Tho building stands near tho south- west corner of the reserve, to the north of the University, and considerable progress in the erection of it has already beon made by the builder. Only a small portion of the whole design, namely, the provost's lodge, ¿te., has been undertaken, and it is to cost £7,500. The funds in hand amount to £1,000, and the buildings will be carried out as far as the money will allow. As might havo been anticipated under the ! circumstances, nothing satisfactory has re- sulted from tho further investigation of the board appointed to inquire into tho manage- ment of the Nelson training-ship. The board, notwithstanding a minute from tho Chief Secretary, expressing the opinion that tho investigation ought to bo continued as an open inquiry, insisted on conducting tho pro- ceedings privately. Further correspondence took plao-, which resulted in tho resignation of two of the threo members comprising tho board-Captain Freycr and Mr. J. Smith. Tho inquiry is therefore virtually at an ' end. Contrary to public expectation, no discus- sion took placo at the recent sitting of the Church of England Assembly on the case of the Rev. R. Hayward, of Trinity Church, Kow, whose licence to preach is about to be withdrawn, because his views regarding cer- tain points of doctrine aro not considered orthodox by the bishop. Two motions on the subject were tabled, but both wore withdrawn at Mr. Hayward, own r-equest. The rov. gentleman would seem, therefore, disinclined to question the justness of the bishop's deci- sion. Amongst tho deaths which have occurred during the month is that of Mr. Malcolm Harcus Smith, late superintendent of the penal establishment at Pentridge. The de- ceased gentleman was a son of the late Cap- tain Malcolm Smith, formerly of the 83rd Regiment, and entered the penal servico in Tasmania at an early ago, occupying the posi- tion of superintendent for many years. Mr. Smith received his appointment at Pentridge 17 years since, and continued to hold tho position until a few weeks sinco, when failing health induced him to retire from tho servico. Several suicides have taken place in Mel- bourne during the month, under more or less painful circumstances. One of the saddest cases was that of Mr. Bryce Ross, who, as the Forest Creek correspondent of the Melbourne Morning Herald in 1853 and 1854, did some service in calling attention to many of the scandals connected with the Government management of the gold-fields in those days. Of late years Mr. Ross had been in very bad circumstances, and his poverty at last seems to have been more than he was able to bear, for he put an end to his life, when in a state of temporary insanity, by shooting himself through the head. He leaves behind him a widow and three children. In two other cases a woman and a man deliberately drowned themselves in the Yarra just above Prince's-bridge. Both were seen to enter the water, but it was not found possible to save them. For some time past the directors of the Great Northern Junction Company, Ballarat, have had cause to suspect that gold was being stolen from the mine by some of the work- men, but nothing was discovered until a few days ago, when six men belonging to the night-shift were arrested as they came up the shaft, and searched. Three of them had gold in their possession of the value of about £17, and the other three, it is said, can be identified as men who for the last few months have been in the habit of selling gold to buyers in Ballarat. The men were brought up at the Ballarat Police Court, when Christopher Tonkin, Thomas Rashleigh, Silas May, and Joseph Roberts, were committed for trial. The fifth man, Abraham George, was remanded, and one named John Huggins, was discharged. Others are likely to be arrested. It is supposed that at least £1,500 worth of gold has been stolen from the mine. Amongst the items of news brought by the last English mail was a statement that a man named George Dyer had given himself up to the London police as the perpetrator of a murder committed about December, 1857, just 12 years ago, on the Mia-Mia Creek, Newstead, near Castlemaine. Inquiries have shown that a murder was committed at about the time and in the place mentioned, and although the victim could never be identified, his body when found having been buried in a hole four or five months, it seems probable that this is the same case. Detectives Mainwaring and Hudson, who were in the Loddon district at the time the murdered body was found, made groat exer- tions to discover the murderer, but without effect, and from their knowledgo of the facts as elicited they believe that Dyer is really the culprit, and not the victim of a self-accusing mania. The mission schooner Day Spring, which is now atGcelong, has provedanobjectof nolittle interest to the inhabitants of that town, al- though this is not the first timo she has visited these waters. Tho other day no less than 2,200 childien belonging to the Presby- terian body at Ballarat, went by special trains to Geelong for the purposo of seeing tho vessel. The foundation-stone of the Roman Catholic Church of St.. Ambrose, Brunswick, has been laid by the Very Rev. Dean Fitz- patrick. Tho building when completed will cost £2,500, but the expenditure at present to be incurred will only amount to £1,500. The design is very handsome, being in the Gothic style, with a tower and spire, the latter being 75ft. in height. The foundation stone has also been laid of a new Congrega- tional church in Victoria-parade, Fitzroy, It is to be built of brick, in the Gothic style of architecture, and is expected to cost about £6,000. Mr. Robert Morgan Young, mayor of Kew, has been entertained on his departure for England at a complimentary luncheon, at which the Chief Justice (Sir W. F. Stawell] presided. After having for the past 10 years filled the office of manager of the Australian Trust Company in this city, whose affairs are now being wound up, Mr. Young proceeds to England by the Kent to take charge of the branch of the Land Mortgage Bank lately es tablished by Mr. W. P. Muir in London. The late manager of tho Taradale brand ofthe National Bank (Hetny G. Downman), who was committed for trial lost month on ti charge of embezzling the funds of tho bank, has heen tried at tho Melbourno Criminal Sessions and acquitted. Downman (who re- ceived a salary equal to over £320 a year, am! a free house) had. in August, 1869, overdrawn his account to the extent of £84. On this hein_; reported to the head office, ho was told that it was an irregularity, and he was sub- sequently requested to make arrangements te reduce the debt. Instead of doing so, he in- creased the overdraft to £230, which lod te his dismissal, insolvency, and subsoquenl prosecution for embezzlement. The dctonce was that the liability was only a civil one and that the bank had always so regarded ii until the.prisonor became insolvent, having entered into negotiations with Downmar with tho viow of extinguishing tho debt The jury adopted tho view that the prisonei was not guilty of any criminal offence, am brought in a verdict of "Not Guilty." Two prosecutions havo taken placo at th< Melbourno District Polico Court under tin Trade Marks Statute for alloged imitations o: the labels used by M.M. Jules Robin nnc Co., to distinguish their bottled brandy. Tilt defendants wero J. S. Morris and Lawrence J. Spyer, and tho case for the prosecution wai -that they had offered brandy to different par ties as that of Jules Robin and Co., atl'.s. Gd and 19s. a dozen, though the regular price o that firm's brandy was 25s. per dozen, bil that the label was seen to bo spurious, aue the brandy also, when tasted, was discovcroi lolbu most deleterious stuff. A member of tho firm of Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co., agent: for Robin and Co., produced two bottles, ont containing tho spurious and tho other the genuino brandy. Each boro a label, ono o which was stated to bo a forged imitatiot: almost exactly like tho genuino Jules Robir label. The Bench, however, considerad thai the evidence did not clearly determine whicl was the genuine label, and dismissed tht case. A fire has occurred in Wilham-stroot, Mt! bourne, destroying tho premises of Mr Robert Airey, timber-yard keeper ana} cabinet maker; and of Mr. Thomas B. Guest, steau biscuit manufacturer. Mr. Guest was insurec in the Imperial office for £3,51)0. . ¡ A quarrel, which has terminated fatally t< one of tho parties, took place at .Prahran between a cabman named Henry Freeling and a neighbour named Wm. Ferguson. During the quarrel Ferguson struck Freeling on the head, but no serious effects appeared to fol- low from tho blow at first, and Freeling fol- lowed his usual avocation for some days. Ultimately, however, the blow produced death, and at the inquest it was shown that tho deceased's skull had been fractured. Ferguson has been committed for trial on the charge of manslaughter. An inquiry into tho late fatal occurrence at tho claim of the Union Gold- mining Com- pany, Maldon, by which four men wero preci Eitated down the shaft and crushed to death, as resulted in a verdict of "Manslaughter" being returned by the coroner's jury against Tamlyn, tho company's engine-driver. Tho men were being lowered down the shaft by the skip, but instead of being inside it they wero standing on the edge and holding by the rope. For the first two or three revolutions the skip descended at the usual speed, when suddenly the engine got out of gear, and the skip began to descend at a fearful rate. Tam- lyn exclaimed " My God, they're off !" and instantly ran to the break. Mr. Goynerushed in and lent his energies to help the driver, and they were enabled to bring up the engine in sufficient time' to stop the skip when within about 30ft. of the bottom. Tho four men, however, who aro named John W. Richards, Charles Cornish, Thomas Cocking, and Thomas Wilson, were unablo to keep their hold, and were found in the shaft dead and mutilated. Two other men, who wero inside the skip, escaped unhurt. The tragedy enacted at the Pentridge Stockade when the Rev. William Hill fell a victim to tho homicidal mania of George Rit- son, was very nearly being paralleled the other night at the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asy- lum. A warder named Christopher Banks was in the act of putting a Chinese inmate, named Ah Tie, to bed, when the lattor, with- out a word being said to excite him, drow a formidable weapon he had concealed about his person, and made astabat Banks's throat, iniheting a transverse wound about oin. long, which penetrated to the root of the tongue, ïortunately, tho wound, though very painful, was not dangerous. The weapon used against the warder was, as in Ritson's case, a portion of a bedstead, about a foot long and two inches broad. Ah Tie had managed to remove this from his bedstead without the loss being perceived, and during tho previous night he had sharpened it on the hearthstone to a double- edged point, making a very dangerous weapon. A frightful occurrence took placo tho other day on the Cemetery-road, Sandhurst. A woman named Emily Hawkins, about 27 yeal- of agc, who maintained herself and her child, a boy of two years, by washing, resided in a small cottage constructed of weather- board, slabs, and a canvas roof, near the road- side. Sho was seen in the morning outsido herhouso conversing with some neighbours, and also in the afternoon. Shortly after "> o'clock her residence burst forth in a mass of flames, and the fire seized with such rapidity upon tho light combustible materials of which it was composed, that in a few moments nothing but the chimney was left standing. When the llames died out and tho smoko dis- persed, a fearful sight was to be seen in the black and charred remains of the woman and her child lying in a disfigured heap on an iron bedstead, which was literally curled up with tho fierce heat to which it had been sub- jected. Intemperance on the part of the -oman, it is believed, was the cause of the catastrophe. A farmer named Thomas Studm an, residing at Mount Glasgow, in the Talbot district, shot his wife dead one afternoon. Suspecting her fidelity, ho brought the supposed paia mour, whose name is Williams, lace to face with her. A strugglo followed, during which the wife was shot through the heart. It is supposed tho shot was intended for Williams. Studman is in custody. Mr. Henry Downer, of Melbourne, while out with an excursion party to Brown's River, near Hobart Town, Tasmania, fell from a cliff, and was fatally injured. He was con- veyed to Hobart Town in a cab, and died the same evening. Disastrous floods have occurred in North Queensland. At Clermont, on the Peak Downs, seven persons were drowned, and property to the amount of £10,000 destroyed. A stream nearly Cft. deep ran through the township, and tho affrighted inhabitants had to rush to the trees and housetops for shelter. Besides tho loss of life which occurred in the township, fivo persons at Peak Downs Station, and four children at Lilyvale, were drowned. At Bowen, North Queensland, a heavy cyclone occurred on the 29th and 30 Hi January, doing a great deal of damage to the town, and causing tho death of one man. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. The last mail for England carried the nows that the Macpherson Ministry had filled the vacant places in their ranks by the appoint- ment of Mr. B. C. Aspinall as Solicitor General, Mr. Graham Berry as Treasurer, and Mr. M'Lellan as Commissioner of Public Works ; also, that Mr. Aspinall had been re elcctod for St. Kilda without opposition, and that thero was littlo doubt that the other two new Ministers would also bo re elected. That prognostic proved correct. Mr. M'Lellan was re-elected for Ararat without a contest, and though tho whole strength' of the party represented by the last M'Culloch Administration was exerted to support the candidature of Mr. A. Rutherford (a local resident of considerable personal respectability) against Mr. Graham Berry, the latter was re-elected for West Geelong by a majority of at least one-fifth of those who voted. This crushing defeat was mot by tho other side with loud assertions of unfairplay, and threats that when Parliament mot there would bo an oxposuro, but, as might bo expected, nothing further has up to thepreseuttimoboenheard on the subject. On February 8, Mr. M'Lellan was also appointed Vico-PresidcntofthoBoardofLandandWorks -an office without salary, and thoreforo not requiring tho re-election of its holder. The administrative acts of the Government during the month have been few, and are mostly connected with tho Now Land Act which carno into force on tho first of the month, aud an account of the operation of which will be foundunderitsproper heading. One important social change has, however, been effected. In reply to a deputation from tho Short Hours Lcaguo which waited on the Chief Secretary, to urge the insertion in Government contracts of a condition that no more than eight hours a day labour should be exacted from the labourers, the Government consented that a condition of the nature proposed should be introduced into all future Government con- tracts. The contracts for the new railway will, of course, be subject to this condition. The immediate result has been an endeavour on the part of the workmen in various other branches of the public service- for instance, the boatment and others in the Customs de- partment and the workmen at the Govern- ment railway-station, &c-; to obtain an ex- tension of the rule in their behalf ; but the circumstances of the cases being different, their request has not yet been granted. About 200 workmen on the Malmsbury water- works have struck on tho samo account ; but tho contractors refused a demand which was not allowed for in their contract. The Government have declined to mitigate the terms of their bond, and so affairs stand. Decisive steps have been taken in respect to the new North-Eastern Railway, the necessary notices having been given to the occupiers of the land through which the line will pass, and tenders for the first 56 miles of the line having been called for. In the other departments of the Government, the transac- tion of public business appears to go on harmoniously and successfully; but as the pre- sent Ministry took office, in the middle of the session, and have been compelled to call Par- liament together again after a recess of only six weeks, they have had little time to con- sider questions of administration beyond tho scope of each day's affairs. PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS. Parliament met on the 15th inst. with the usual ceremonies. His Excellency Viscount Canterbury oponed the st-hion with the following speech : "Mr. President and Honourable Gentlemen of tho Legislative Council : "Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lativo Assembly,- . , "The financial requirements of..tho.__mblic sei vice have rendered it necessary for mo.to call you together after an unusually short recess, i f - ' \- ".Regulations under the Lar_dtAct 1509 '.v'7:,1."'!.'- ? ?'.: r. have been carefully prepared, under which it is confidently hoped tho widest possible facilities will bo afforded for the settlement of the country. "The Southern Cross has been adopted and inaugurated as the distinguishing device of this colony. " It is gratifying to know that the reduc- tion in telegraphic charges has conforrod great advantage on the community, and has led to a large increase in the number of mes- sages. "Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lative Assembly, "The Estimates which will ho submitted to you, whilo framed with duoregaid to economy, make large provision for public works, the cons ti net ion of which cannot ho further de- layed without serious inconvenience. " Mr. President and llonomablo Gentle- men of the Legislative Council, "Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lative Assembly, "The tenders for the mail servico and the conveyance of passengers via thu Capo of Good Hope havo been fully considered by my ad \isers, but they are unable to recommend tho acceptance of any ot them. "New immigration regulations have been prepared, and will bo laid before j ou, which will, I trust, secure a regular and well-selected addition to our population. " A bill for tho amendment of the Electoral Act will bo submitted to you for tho purposo of effecting a more satisfactory adjustment of the boundaries of electoral districts. "A bill will bo submitted to you for estab- lishing courts for tho settlement of disputes about land. " You will be asked to consider measures to provide for Mining on Private Property on an equitable basis, and for botter regulating the drainage of quaTtz reefs. "A bill will also be-laidbeforo you for the purpose of providing for tho inspoction of mines, intended to secure greater precaution in mining operations, and thus piovcnt the frequent occurrence of serious and fatal acci- dents. " A bill to give to workmen a lion over the work executed by thom, and a bill regulating the number of hours of labour to be oxacted from young persons employed in factories, will ba submitted to j ou. " A bill will be intioducod, based upon the act recently passed in tho Imperial Pailia ment, for dealing more effectually with the estates of insolvent debtors. "Tho existing condition of the works in connexion with water supply to Castlemaine and Sandhurst, and the larger question of pioviding_ for the requirements of other popu- lous districts, havo been anxiously considered by roy advisers, and I entertain the hopo that during tho present session a moasuro may be submitted to jou for speedily utilis- ing the works in course of construction, and for the gradual extension of similar beuotits to other districts. " The necessary steps for commencing the construction of the North-Eastern Railway havo been taken. Tenders for tho earth woiks havo been called for. Tho Agent General has beon instructed, after consulta- tion with certain eminent engineers, to invito tenders for tho materials for the permanent way, and tho construction of passenger and goods engines. I hope and believo that when theso tenders are received it will be apparent that further railway works can be under- taken for tho benefit of other districts, with- out injuriously disturbing the credit of the colony or imposing an unreasonable burdon on its revenues. "Tho approaching withdrawal of the Im- perial troops suggests for your consideration the establishment of a local military force, whoso sorvices, in addition to their ordinary duties, might be availoble for guarding prisoners omployed in tho construction of public works, such as breakwaters and dredg- ing operations, which would not othorwiso bo undet taken. "A bill to establish a malino board, where- by tho duties hitherto discharged by tho de- partment of ports and harbours, tho pilot board, and tho steam navigation board, will be consolidated, has been prepared for your consideration. " You will be invited to consider tho ques- tions of impounding and fencing, and tim amendment of the law for tho prevention of diseases in animals. " You will also be invitod to consider a bill containing provisions for punishing moie effectually a ceitain class of criminals, in- cluding those guilty of offences against women and child ron. " A bill to provide for the regulation and management of the police force will be sub- mitted to you. "Tho question of education has engaged the anxious deliberation of my advisers, and they will be picparcd to submit for your consideration a moasuro pioviding for tho greater efficiency of the public schools, and a moro general and regular attendance thereat. " It is intended to submit for your approval a Bill for tho Abolition of State Aid to Religion. " I congratulate you on the flourishing condition of tho country, and I earnestly hope that your deliberations, by tho blessing of Divine providonco, will advanco the pros- perity and happiness of the poople." Business was entered upon by both Houses that voi y day. The Legislativo Council (in which the Hon. C. J. Jenner still represents the Government) only sat formally-save to agree to the first reading of a hill for the pur- pose of declaring its right to initiate legisla- tion-to adopt a "loyal and dutiful" reply to tho Governor's speech, It then adjourned for a week, and on tho following Tuesday again adjourned for another weok, as a mark of respect to one of its mombers-the Hon. J. M'Crne, Commissioner of Public Works in the lastM'CullochMinistiy-who died on Saturday week last. In tho Assembly thero has been a battle and a victory. There wore oracles who asserted that tho Macpherson Ministry co al el not meet Parliament save to encounter humiliation aud defeat ; but neither has boen their lot. The Houso having met, and the usual rush of hon. members desirous to ad vertiso themselves to their constituents by a tremendous show of zoal, expressed in no- tices of motion and bills, having subsided, Mr. Kernot proposed, and Mr. Kitto se- conded, an address to His ExcoUoncy in reply to the Governor's speech, and of course echoing its substance. Tho Oppo- sition asked for an adjournment till next day, and it was granted. A caucus of its mombors was called the next afternoon, but somo twenty only attended, and no defi- nite plan of action was agroed upon. The re- sult whon the House reassembled was, instead of any regular and formal amendment on the address, a i tinning fire of inconsequontialcriti cism. Then carno two direct attacks on the Ministerial position-first, Mr. M'Culloch wanted to insert in tho address the oxprossion of a hopo that His Excellency's advisers would continue to endeavour to obtain a mail and passenger steam servico between this colony and England via the Capo. Ile was met by a íefusal to accept his amendment, and a promiso that tho subject should not bo lost sight of, and ho had to bo content with tho lattor, and withdraw his amendment. But the opportunities affoided b> this open sort of warfare wero too tempt- ing for Mr. Higinbothom to nogloct, and he moved an amendment to tho paragraph on education, to tho effect that no mea- sure would bo acceptable to tho nonso which did not fairly próvido for a gene- ral si stem of purely secular education, and tho withdrawal of all aid from denomi- national schools. In this the hon. and learned member asserted, with a thin disguiso of motive, nothing like a vote of want of conQdenco was intended. Tho stratagem, however, was seen through mid the attempt defeated, although it is well-known that a majority of the Houso aio in favour [of a secular Bystom of education. Mr. M'Culloch spoke warmly in suppcut of tho amendment, but ho was reminded that tho roal question at issue was not that of "ocular oducntion, but of confidence or no confidence in the Ministry. Ultimately, when a division was taken, tho omendment was negatived by a majority of 30 to 24, and the address was thpi. adopted. Theonlyothci businessdonehasbeen the getting through the formalities surround- ing the introduction of an interim supply bill, tho announcement of a great deal of intended legislation, somo desnltoiy criticism of the minor details of the administration of the Land Act, and n wordy and fruitless discus- sion respecting the delay that has taken place in tho appointment of tho promised Royal commission to inquire into tho management of tho Lauds department under- tho ' late ri'aimc. As to tho latter. Ministers complain that they liavcbceh nuable toappoint tuon in whom, ino countiy' could confide, 1 bbixwv they have met with sô many refusals to* act, and as the inference is that if there is to bo a good commission, tho members must be paid for their services, a motion declaring the Assembly ready so to pay has beon moved by Mr. Everard. It has been met by a counter motion from the Opposition, and so the ques- tion stands. In other matters the Govern- ment have promised that the new railway shall be open as far as Essendon in seven months, and that a bill shall bo introduced for the purpose of having a census of the colony ia 1871. SCENES IK THE HOUSE. Short as the session has been, it has pro- duced scenes disgraceful to the Legislature. On the first day the nouse met, Mr. G. P. Smith, the Attorney- General of the last M'CullochAdministration, took umbrage at a remark by Dr. Macartney (of South Gipps Land), to the effect that there would some day be a settlement of accounts between them, and interjected that ho was roady to kick the bon. member when ho pleased. A vote of consure upon him for this outrageous "behaviour was promptly threatened by the Chief Secretary, and Mr. G, P. Smith was compelled to withdraw the offensive expres- sion. Subsequently, tho samo evening, he met Dr. Macartney in one of the lobbies of the House, and struck him. Dr. Macartney abstained from returning the blow, proposing to take other measures to restrain the im- petuosity of his opponent. The matter was of course brought before the House, and the strongest measures hinted at in case an humble apology from Mr. Smith was not offered. The humble apology was tenderod, however, and the House agreed to overlook the offence. The other "scone" occurred on the very ovoning of the apology, whon Mr. JFiazer, of Creswick, also a member of the Opposition, came into the Chambor in a "disgraceful condition," and almost im- mediately commenced interrupting the proceedings, and insulting member after member in a^maanor which, if in- dulged in in almost auy other place, would have earned for him a well-deserved and severe personal chastisement, or would have led to his being consigned to the caro of a constable. Vainly did the Speaker expostu- late with him, and equally in vain wore the entreaties of his friends, who besought him to bo quiet or leavo the chamber. At last came the awful threat that the Speaker would " name" him. Mr. Frazer dared him to do so. The Speaker said "I tell you, Mr. Frazer, that you aro guilty of disorderly con- duct, and I call upon the House to deal with you as a disorderly momber." Upon this the Chief Secretary threatened to movo Mr. I'razer's committal to the custody of tho sergeant-at-arms if he did not at once apolo- gise or leave the chamber, and after another disorderly scene, ono of Mr. Frazer's friends managed to lead him from the House. PBOSPECTS OP THK SESSION. Whether the promises held out in the Governor's speech will be fulfilled it is im- possible to say. It is evident the Government have a majority, but whether it will bo sufficient to carry forward tho business of the session in the face of tho factious opposition threatened is quite another thine;. If the latter succeed in stopping the course of busi- ness, a dissolution is looked for. In any case the present Parliament would expire by cflluxion of time at the commencement of next year. _ OPERATION OF THE NEW LAND ACT. As provided in the statute itsolf, the new Land Act commenced operation on tho 1st "February, and on the same day also came into forco tho now regulations framed by the Government under it. The most important portion of these bore refcrenco to applica tions for and the occupation of land under the second part of the aot, which deals with "free selection." Upon this portion of the law, and upon the way in which it is ad- ministered, the comfort and well- being of the whole army of lessees and licensees, the pro- gress of agricultural settlement, and tho fate of our latest attempt at land law reform, will greatly depend. As our English readers are already aware, the Land Act of 18C9 provides that tho Governor may issue a licence en- titling the holder to occupy 320 acres of Crown lands for a period of three years, at a rent of 2s. an acre per annum, under cer- tain conditions, on the fulfilment of which, and at the expiry of the three years for which his licence was originally issued, ho can ob tuin tho fee-simple of his holding on pay- ment <if 14s. per acre, or continuo to oc- cupy it at a yearly rental of 2s. an acre, his rent payments being credited to him as instalments of the purchase- money. The " regulations " require that allotments taken up on theso terms shall bo of a certain configuration,_for obvious reasons, and that the maximum selection, 320 acres, shall not have more than a quarter of a mile of water fiontago. Applicants for land must peg off the allotments they want, as was required by the old regulations, and lodge their applica- tions with the contract surveyor for the dis- trict, who shall survey the land and re-ad . just tho posts when required, so as to place them at tho ,truo angles of the allotment ap- plied for. Notico of tho application, contain- ing certain particulars specified in the regu- lations, must be exhibited on the land, and the survojors havo to keep au accurate record of all applications received by them, with a view to tho settlement of rival claims by the local land boaids. Theso preliminaries hu vins been duly obsorved, tho applicant will hand in his application to the local land officer, together with a plan which he has already received from the surveyor, and the amount of a half-year's rent; and his licence will issue in due course, unless there aro com- peting applicants for the same allotment, when the case will bo publicly investigated by a court which will consist of a permanent member of the Board of Lands and Works oí- an officer of tho department of Land and Survey, a police magistrate, the district sur- veyor, and two members of local bodies, all of whom will bo appointed by the Govern- ment. In cases in which the local land hoards cannot determino which of two or more applications was first lodged, their order of priority will be settled by "ballot or otherwise." These are the nain features of tho regulations under which ap . plications for land must be made, and it is their operation which forms the chief feature of the proceedings under tho now law up to the present time. At first a good deal of confusion naturally occurred from the eagerness of intending settlers throughout tho colony (mid, indeed, in other colonies as well, for we have news of a large number of persons, with their wives, families, and house- hold goods, coming across the border from South Australia, to avail themselves of tho liberality of the Victorian Government) to apply for land, and the late appearance of tho regulations. The latter, together with copious explanations, havc.been printed by tho Government in a cheap pamphlet form-(they are being translated into a variety of languages for distribution in Europe)-and arc now cir- culated throughout the whola extent of the colony," but at first, and before they had penetrated so far, thero were in tho more remote districts innumerable inquiries for infoimarion and loud complaints at its absence. Theso grumblings were absurdly exaggerated by tho newspaper organs of the Opposition, and were accompanied by other statements respecting tbo alleged non-ap- pointment or non-instruction of the Govern- ment officials in tho country districts, but tho Lands department worked double tides, and affairs soon assumed tho appearanco of regularity. This last was greatly favoured by the rapid travelling of the leading Lands ofiico officials through tho localities in which tho applications wero thickest, viz., in the Western district, whero the operation -of the famous 42nd clause of the old act was but littlo known, and the people were naturally unfamiliar with the mysteries of "pegging out." The land in that part of tho colony is, moreover, frequently of .exceptional value, and the oxcitemeut of applicants was correspondingly intense. The following por- tion of a report from tho district surveyor of Campeidown will serve as an index to what has been done elsewhere as well :-" AU tho Jbest availablo lands in evory direction of the district aro pegged out, and no littlo difficulty will be experienced in ascertaining the par- ticular blocks intended to bo applied for by tho respectivo markers-out, and in deter- mining tho priority of application. In some cases from 12 to 20 pegs stand close togothor. _?ho land at tho Yaloak Swamp is a thicket Df pegs, and all the carpenters id the country | havo hoon employed in making them. People . havo been out all night with lanterns peg- ging out land." Almost all these applications «ill bo doalt with by tho local land boards Üurinc tho onsuing month. A still moro important feature of the pro- ceedings has also attracted much attention. Under tho new order of things, commons, excepting those within town boundaries, are open for selection in tho same manner as any other land. This, as may be supposed, does not please those who have been accustomed to tho uso of an almost unlimited quantity of cheap gross, and protests on tbo subject fre- quently reached head quarters. The regula- tion was framed by too Minister of Lands ïn order that thoro might bo absolute ¿reo selection of every aero of iw.ee..-. pied or unreserved land in tho colony, but in consequence of the numerous objections to throwing open the commons, the Govern- ment at once reconsidered the propriety of having this clause of the rules revoked. The subject was fully discussed at a Cabinet meeting, but after deliberation it was decided that, for the present at least, the regulation should ho left to its operation. Public agita- tion did not, however, stop at this point, aud this journal took a leading part in advocating tho reservation of the commons on the ground . that tbey were frequently of great use both for grazing purposes to small settlers, and also as affording means for healthful recreation to the inhabitants of the large inland towns in their neighbourhood. However, to an application for the reservation from selection of the Bal- larat farmers common, the Minister of Lands replied, with some explanation of the policy by which he had been guided in this particu- lar. He explained that the common in ques- tion had been reserved for mining purposes, and was therefore not availablo for selection, butin the case of others they had been thrown open because their area was, as a .rule, far greater than was actually required _ for commonage, and, besides, tho best portions of the colony would bo closed to selectors if commons, were excluded from settle- ment. He added that it did not follow that all the commonage thrown open would be taken up, and _ if the land so selected were required, for important public purposes, the selections would be disallowed by the local land boards, Susequently it was shown that the alienation of commons was no new thing,' and that nearly 500,000 acres, or about one-fourth of the total comtnonago of the country, had been either sold or leased or licensed under former Ad- ministrations. Thero have been somo dis- cussions in Parliament on the subject, but the last Ministerial announcement was that not an . acre of the commons would bo reserved from settlement, unless required for reserves for public or departmental pur- poses ; and so matters continue to stand. IMMIGRATION REGULATIONS. Tho following new immigration regulations, in lieu of those dated the 10th of July, 1SG5, liavo been laid before Parliament. They are accompanied by a notice, stating that they are to take effect from the 14 ta of March, 1870; but the Chief Secretary - has announced in Parliament that the Go- vernment will not act upon them until Par- liament has had an opportunity- in voting the money for carrying them into opera- tion-of expressing its opinion upon the tystem of immigration which they will bring into existeuce. The principal dif. ferences hetween the new and the old regulations as to free immigrants aro the following ¡-Under the old regulations the only persons eligiblo wero female domestic servants ; the new regulations, ia addition, entitle married people of the class of small faimers and labourers to fiee passages. The immigrants will bo selected by the agent general of Victoria instead of the Emigration Commissioners, as under the old régime . PAKT I. 1\. Tho only poisons eligible for free pas- sages will be single females under tho ago of 35, British subjects or natives of Germany or Switzerland, who have been accustomed to domestic service, and married people of the class of small farmers and labourers, who may be selected by the agent-general of Vic- toria, in London', and who can produce cer- tificates of good character satisfactory to tho said agent-general, 8 Victoria-cham- bers, Victoria-street, Westminster, London, and are free from any bodily or mental in- firmity. Numbers to be limited to the re- quirements of tho colony as indicated by the amount annually voted by Parliament. 2\. The wholo cost of the passage will be de- frayed by the Government, and also, at the option of the agent-general, the expenses of conveyance to the port of embarkation. Each emigrant will, however,. be required to pay a sum not exceeding 20s., towards providing the necessary bedding aud mess utensils. 3\. Immigrants introduced under the above regulations will bo received into a depot on arrival, provided by the Government, hub will be required to proceed to any part of Victoria which the immigration agent may direct. PAIIT II. 3\. Persons habitually resident in Victoria desirous of bringing their relatives and friends to Victoria may apply to tho immi- gration agent or other oflicor named in clause y for passage-warrants, which will bo granted under the conditions hereafter mentioned in these regulations. 2\. The persons to be nominated shall be of sound mind, in good health, and of good character ; hut no passage-warrant shall be issued, and no transfer oE any warrant per- mitted, in favour of or to auy person who may he either lunatic, idiotic, deaf, dumb, blind, or infirm, or who may have been pre- viously in the colony of Victoria. 3\. A passage-warrant will entitle the person or persons named therein to be conveyed to Melbourne from a port in the United King- dom by a ship to be named by the agent general within one month of the receipt by him of a request from the nominees for a pas sago in terms of the warrant; but unless a nominee shall leave the United Kingdom within nine months of the date of the war- rant such warrant will not be recognised, but must bo returned to Melbourno for renewal or transfer. 4\. Passage-warrants shall not be issued for children under 15 years of age, unless on an undoitaking that they shall be accompanied hy somo suitable and approved person who will take chargo of thora during tho voyage. 5\. Should the person or persons specified in any passage-warrant declino or be unable to emigrate, or be dead, and the warrant not availed of, the money paid towards their pas- sage will bo refunded to the nominator, or the passage-warrant may bo transferred or exchanged upon application to the immigra- tion agent in Melbourne. 0\. No single females will bo permitted to be conveyed in any ships except in accordance with the Queen's Orders in Council dated 3rd February, J 803, unless accompanied by re- latives or a family of friends. . 7. No warrant will bo issued in favour of a married man or woman unless accompanied by tho husband or wife respectively, or unless tue husband or wife be resident in Victoria. 8\. No immigrant will be received into any immigration depùt except those introduced entirely at the public expense, aud single females, who may bo maintained during live days after arrival at the ship's expenso, and any subsequent period at that ot the nomi- nators, unless they hire for domestic servico. All nominators are therefore strictly enjoined to mako provision for the reception of their nominees immediately on their arrival, as they will not bo allowed to remaiu on board the ship for moro than five days from the date thereof. Singlo females will, on landing, bo conveyed to the Immigration Depot, from which they will be taken by their friends. 9\. All applications for passage-warrants under this part of these regulations shall be mado in accordance with a form which may be obtained at any post office throughout the colony, in addition to the offices hereafter mentioned, or which may be subsequently ap- pointed by the Commissioner of Trade and Customs. The form, with the necessary par- ticulars carefully inserted and signed hy the nominator, should be sent to the immigration agent, Melbourne, or to any of the under- mentioned offices : To the assistant immigration agents at Gcelong, Portland, Port Fairy, Warrnambool, or Port Albert. To any receiver and paymaster in Vic- toria. To any postmaster in Victoria, or to any officer who may bo horeaftor authorised by the Commissioner of Trade and Customs. This form, correctly filled up, is to bo handed orforwarded to an oflicor referred to in these regulations, together with the necessary amountrequired to be paid according to clause 10, who will without delay foiward thom with advice and a post-ofllco' order, bank draft, or treasury receipt for the money, to the immi- gration agent in Molbourne, who will then transmit passage-warrants for the persons nominatccf, cither to tho office at which the money was paid, or to such address as the nominator may request. The passage- war- rant must bo sent by the nominator to his friends. All persons paying money_ for war- rants should bo careful to got a printed re- ceipt for the same from tho officer to whom the monoy is paid. 10\. The following sums shall bo in all in- stances paid by the nominator in advance in respect of intending emigrants of tho various classes prior to the issue of the passage-war- rants : Sox. Under 15 Year.. 15 Years and I 50 Years and under 60. upward». Malo .. Female) .. If the nominator misrepresent any of the particulars, or neglfct to furnish full in- formation respecting the persons nominated, or if tho transforror misrepresent any parti culara, cr neglect to furnish, full information respecting the person to whom he proposes to transfer the passage-warrant, or if any person known to bo under indenture, by the nomi- nator, or any person disqualified by theso regulations, be nominated, the Commissioner of Trade and Customs, or the agent-general in London, may cancel tho said passago warrant, and the deposit shall be forfeited ; or if the nominee, or transferee, may have been introduced into Victoria previous to the disqualification being discovered, the nomi- nator, or, in his absence, the nominee 01 transferee, shall be held liable to refund tho amount paid by the Government for tho passage-money of the person so disqualified, and in whoso favour such passage- warrant may have been issued ; and such amount may bo recovered from such nominator, nominee, or transferee by process of law. PART III. 1" Persons resident in this colony desirous of. bringing out to Victoria, from tho United Kingdom, labourers or servants, without specifying the names of the persons to be in- troduced, may apply to the officers named in clause 9 part 2 of tho existing regulations for passage-warrants, which will be granted on the following conditions : ?. Applications shall be made in accordance with a form which may bo obtained at any office named in clauso 9 o£ the existing regu- lations. This form to be carefully filled up and signed by the person applying for a warrant in the presence of a justice of the peace of Victoria,, and transmitted to the immigration agent, Melbourne, or any of tho officers beforementioned, who will forward tho same, together with the amount to be paid for such warrant, or a Treasury receipt tor the same, to the immigration agent at Melbourne, in the same manner as specified in clause 9 part 2. t 3\. The persons who shall bo permitted a passage under this part shall bo not less than ID years old, except as a member of a family, nor more than 40 years of age, of sound mind, in good» health, and of good character. 4\. The following sums .to be paid by, the persons desirous of obtaining a .passoge warrant piior to the issue of the samo : I OverlS I Under 15 Years Old. V'oars Old. For each malo emigrant.. For ench témalo omlcraiit C. The passage-warrant issued under this part shall be valid for a period of nine months after date thereof, and if not availed of within that period may be renewed upon application to the agent-genoral of Victoria in London, or the immigration agent in Melbourne, who may also, should ho think fit, permit other names than those specified in the warrant to bo inserted, should the person or persons mentioned thereon, after being filled in, not be able from sickness or other causes to emigrate. 0\. As soon as the names of the person or persons for whom a passage-warrant is de- sired can be ascertained, tho passage-warrant shall bo properly filled in by tho agent of the nominator, aud forwarded to the agent-gene lal in London, with application for a passage, together with such certificate in regard to birth, age, and character, and other particu- lars as the agent- general may require. 7\. No immigrant introduced under these regulations will be received into the Govern- ment depot except single females, who may be maintained during five days at the ex- pense of the vessel conveying them. 8\. Persons introducing other class of immi- grants must therefore make provision for the lcception of the persons sont for by them im- mediately on their arrival, as they will not be a'lowed to remain on board ship for moro than five days from the date of arrival in Hobson's Bay, except single females, who will be conveyed to the Immigration Depot. 9\. Previous to auy passago being granted upon a warrant issued under this part of theso regulations, an agreement shall bo entered into between tho agent of tho nominator and the nominee or nominees, and which otsreement shall be binding on both parties, that he, the agent, agrees on behalf of such nominator to'engage such nominee or nomi- nees for the space of 12 calendar months, at a wage or remuneration as may bo agroed upon, nnd for such term of 12 months ; which agreement shall bo confirmed on arrival of the nominee or nominees in tho colony of Victoria by tho nominator or his duly ap- pointed agent and the person or persons obtaining a passage under warrant, in the presence of the immigration agent or other officer acting onhis behalf for the time being ; and failing such confirmations or renewal of tho.ogreement before mentioned, the person failing or declining to do so shall bold Himself bound to repay to the immigration agent for the time being the amount of passage money which may have been paid for such person aforesaid. PAM IV. 1\. Persons resident in the United Kingdom desirous of obtaining for relatives and friends a passage to Victoria may apply to the agont geneial of Victoria, or other duly-appointed* officer of Victoria, for passage-warrants, which will be granted under the conditions herein- after mentioned, upon payment of deposits mentioned in clause 10, part 2, of these re- gulations. 2\. The persons nominated shall bo of sound mind, in good health, and of good character, and under 40 years of age, and subject to the inspection and approval of the agent-general of Victoria, or other duly-appointed officer, who may, if the persons nominated do not coirespond with the particulars furnished to him v hen tho application for a passage-war- rant is made, or in reply to any inquiries made by. him or deputy, reject such nominees at any time previous to embarkation. 3\. If the nominee wilfully misrepresent particulars, or neglect to furnish full particu- lars, respecting the persons nominated, and if any poison disqualified by theso regulations be nominated, or if the warrant be transferred without the consent of the agent-general of Victoria, the warrant will be cancelled, and tho deposit forfeited. Should, however, tho nominee, from any legitimate cause, not bo able to emigrate, tho warrant may be trans- ferred to another eligible nominee by consent of tho agent-general of Victoria. "4. It is to bo understood that persons who obtain passages under this part of the re- gulations will not have any claim for mainte- nance orlodgingfrom the Government of Vic- toria after their lauding in the colony ; but every facility will be given by the Govern- ment, by tho establishment of depots in various parts of the country, foi finding suit- able ana speedy employment for immigrants, to whom infoi marion and advico will be afforded hy the immigration agent on their ai rival in A fctoiia. ö. To those immigrants who have sufficient capital to enter at once upon the cultivation of the soil on their arrival, the Government will affoid every facility consistent with the land laws of the colony to obtain land, and, whenever practicable, to allot contiguous blocks of land to porsons desirous of living in the same locality. 0\. No passage-warrant will bo issued, and ¡io transfer of any warrant will be permitted, in favour of or to any person who has already been in Victoria, or who may be either lunatic, idiotic, deaf, dumb, blind, or infirm, or who may have been the inmato of any pi ison or penitentiary. 7\. When tho porsons to whom warrants may be granted aro prepared to emigrato, notice must bo given to the agent-general of Victoria, Victoria-chambers, Victoria-street, Westminster, who will furnish them with an embarkation order, and inform thom of the naroo of the ship by which thoy aro to sail, the date, and order of embarkation. 8\. Warrants not made use of within six months of date of issue will not bo recog- nised, but maybe renewed on application to tho agent-general of Victoria. Warrants may bo issued in favour of singlo males or families eligible under theso regula- tions who may bo desirous of embarking in ships selected by thorasolves, on payment of the sums hereinafter mentioned. Tho per- çons named in warrants granted under this clause will bo required to forward the samo to the agent-general of Victoria, in London, at the same time informing him of the name of thevesscl selected, theportof embarkation, and the probable date of sailing, who will thereon, should he bo satisfied that the nominees aro eligible under theso regulations, issuo an cm batkation order, which will entitle the master, agent, or ownor of any vessel convey- ing to the colony the persons represented therein to payment for the passage at tho rate of £14 for each statute adult, which will be payable in tho colony of Victoria 14 days after tho arrival in Melbourne of tho porsons mentioned in' such order, upon a certificate being obtained from the immigration agent that such persons had been duly landed at Melbourne, and that the conditions of the conti act ticket and of the Passengers Act, 1855, had been complied with. A charge to the emigrant of any additional sum on ac- count of his passago will pause forfeiture of the amount represented by the warrant. Under 15 I 16 Years and 60 Years and Yean. under SO. | upwards. All persons in favour of whom warrants of any description may be issued will be required lo pay their own expenses to the port of em- barkation. CHURCH ASSEMBLY OF VICTORIA. The clergy and lay representatives consti- tuting the assembly of the Church of England in Victoria, held their annual session in the hnllof the Mechanics' Institute, Collins-street, Melbourne. The sittings commenced on the 2nd February, and terminated on the 11th. _he right rev. Dr. Perry, bishop of Melbourne, presided, and opened the proceedings in a lengthy and able .address, from which wo learn that the number of licensed clergymen in the diocese on the 1st of January, 1870, was 122\. In 1SG9J two deacons and eight priests were ordained, and four clergymen were ad- mitted into tho dioceso. The number of consecrated churches at the samo date was 35, and of licensed churches S7. The number of churches aided by grants from the public revenue in 1809 was 76. The number for which applications for grants in 1870 had beon received was 104, the number of new applica- tions being 22. The number of parsonages on the 1st of January, 1870, was Si ; and the number aided by grants in 1869 was 22. Looking at the twofold aspect which the church presonted in Victoria, and contrasting .what had been done with what still required to be done, the bishop said they were com ¡jelled with sorrow to confess that perhaps in no part of the British dominions did there exist so large a number of members of the Church of England, who, while desirous to enjoy its ' ordinances, and able and willing, with some assistance from without, to maintain minis: ters for themself es, had long been, and were likely to remain, without a church or a clergyman. The present population of the colony might be estimated at about 700,000, of whom about -two-fifths professedly be- longed to the Church of England. When the first gold-field was discovered at Bal- larat in 1851 the population of the colony was under 80,000 ; the number of clergymen in the diocese at that timo was about _0, the churches 8, and the parsonages 0, At present the numbers wero 122, 122. and 81 respec- tively. There have been added in 19 years about 100 clergymen, 114 churches, and 75 parsonages. The amount expended on church buildings since 1855 was £100,000, of which £280,000--including borrowed moneys not yet paid- had been raised by the Church itself ; the rest was contributed by the state. On turning to the other side of the picture, tho feeling excited was very different. In six towns, containing each from 1,000 to 1,800 pc-rsoais, and in three with populations of 3,000 and upwards, there was no clergy- man of the Church of England, while four others, containing 1,000 each, had severally only half the services of a clergjman. For these towns 10 additional clergymen were urgently required. In the rural districts the want of clergymen was equally felt. In 15 shires or road districts, containing each a population ot not less than 1,000, 17 of notices than 2,000, three of 3,000, two of 4,000, two of 5,000, two of 7,COO, one of 8,000, one of 9,000, and one of 12 000, there «as no icsident clergyraau. Allowing only one for each of these shires or road districts, there would be required 44 additional clergy- men. The church funds were in a satisfactory condition, there being a balance to the credit of the treasurer to comraenco the year with of £837 15s. 10d., exclusive of Mr. Grico's donation of« £1,000 annually. About £5,000 were still required for the bishopric endowment fund, to make the bishop independent of the state. A Church of England College, in connexion with the Melbourne University, had been com- menced, the corner stone of which was laid by the bishop on February 10. It is to be called Trinity College. The funds in hand for the purposo amount to about £4,000, and it is estimated that the cost of the portion which it is desired at present to complete will be £7,500. _he diocese has been divided into four orchdeaconries instead of three. Tho now archdeaconry is that of Beechworth and Sale, to which tho Rev. Dr. Tucker, formerly travelling agent of the British and Foreign Bible Society, has been appointed. A hill which had been prepared by the bishop ia council for the consideration of tho assembly, with the view to its being brought before Parliament to extend the powers of the church assembly so as to enable the Church of England in Victoria to exercise the same lights of self-government as were enjoyed by other religious denominations, and to enable the Church to appoint and remove its bishops, was approved, and a petition based on it was adopted and presented to the Legis- lature, praying the House to carry the wishes of the assembly into effect. On the subject of state aid to religion, the bishop said he regarded it as a duty obligatory upon the Government of every Christian people, and as practically necessary in the present state of this colony, for tho preserva- tion of a largo portion of the population from the ignorance, superstition, and vices of heathenism. At the same time, ho very much doubted the expediency of insisting upon retaining the present annual payment while so large a majority of leading politi- cians of all parties had declared themselves against it, and suggested the advisability of accepting a compromise whereby the amount might bo retained for a certain number of years, the Church being allowed to appro- priate the grant in any way it thought best. The subject wns incidentally discussed in the Assembly, but with no definite result. The bishop having stated that he every year felt more and more the necessity for having episcopal assistance to enable him to fulfil satisfactorily the ordinary duties of his office, suggested that, in order to meet the difficulty, a coadjutor bishop should be appointed, towards whose maintenance he offered to contribute £500 a year from his own income. The coadjutor would be selected by himself ; and it would bo necessary, in order to induce a competent man to accept the office, that he should have the right of succession to tho see of Melbourno on its he coming vacant. After a lengthy discussion, it was resolved, on the motion of Sir W. F. Stawell, that instead of appointing a coad- jutor, with the right of succession, the present requirements would be best met by a sub- division of the diocese. The bishop said if thp church at Ballarat would undertake to raise £8,500 within the next two years, for the endowment of the bishopric, he would give the, other £500 to complete the sum of £9,000, which would be required to be raised for that purpose in the colony. The Society for Pro- moting Christian Knowledgo would probably contribute £1.000, making the total endow- ment fund £10,000. On tho subject of Ritualism, the bishop said :-" At presont I will only make one ob- servation, viz., that tho unrestrained licence now allowed to the clergy in England is, in my opinion, no reason whyl should allow the same licence here. On the contrary, regard- ing both the doctrine taught anti tho rites practised by many clergymen in England as illegal, and as tending severely to the corrup tion-probably to the disruption-of our 'pure and reformed branch' of the Church of Christ, I feel it the more imperative upon rae, and I am the more firmly resolved, in dependence upon God's help, to prevent to tho utmost of my power the introduction of that doctrine and thoso practices into this diocese." In reply to a question by Sir J. F. Palmer, as to whether ho would have any objection to lay upon the table of the assembly the inter- rogatories put to tho Rev. Mr, Hayward, a deacon whom the bishop had refused to ad- mit into priest's orders, arid his replies to the same, the bishop said the assembly wore aware that the ordination of ministers was a function which belonged peculiarly to tho bishop, and that no ono had any authority to interfere with him in the exercise of that light. If the assomhly, by resolution, asked him to lay the interrogatories on tho table, ho would do so ; but ho did not think he ought to lay on the table the replies to questions put to a person who was in a certain sonso a candidate for ordination ; but tho gentleman referred to might, if be thought fit, produce them himself. Two resolutions on the sub- ject wero subsequently put on the notice paper, but wero withdrawn, at the request of the Rev. Mr. Hayward. It was resolved that three clergymen and tinco laymen should be chosen from among the members of tho assembly, to represent the diocese of Melbourno in a general synod, to be constituted of the dioceses of the pro- vince of Australia-it should havo been Aus- tralasia, as the dioceses of New Zealand will bo included. The following gentlemen were elected :-Tho Dean of Melbourne, Arch- deacon Stretch. Rev. G. O. Vance, Sir W. F. Stawell, Mr. G. W. Rusden, and Mr. H. Henty. A meeting of certain clergymen of evan- gelical views having been held at St. James's parsonage, immediately after the delivery of tho bishop's visitation charge, for the purpose of considering and deciding upon the course to bo token in reference to certain matters to he brought before the assembly, the Rev. Dr. Russell designated the meeting os a " caucus," and deprecated any combina- tion for party purposes, especially as one of the objects of the meeting was to select the teiitletnen who should be nominated for 1 election hy the assembly as tho panel of triers. Ho moved a resolution to the effect that, in order to preserve the purity of the spiritual court of the diocese, it was undesir- able that any combination should bo entered ' into to control the election of tho panel of triers for ecclesiastical offences. In reply, it was urged that there had been no such com- bination, that the object of the meeting was simply to enable a number of clergymen to meet for consultation. The discussion which arose -was long and animated, and charac- terised by considerable) warmth of language on the part of tho clergy. Advautage wa3 taken ot the abstract principio involved in the motion, as to the necessity of preserving the purity of the spiritual court, to make it a trial of strength between the low and high church parties, which resulted in the defeat of the latter, some of whom were openly accused of ritualistic. practices. While both sides affected to agree with the abstract principle, the debate assumed a party cha- racter. It became, therefore, necessary, while adopting the principle, to got rid of the mo- tion. This was veiy adroitly done by au amendment proposed by the Chief Justice, SirW. F. Stawell, affirming the abstract prin- ciple that the assembly, while it thoroughly recognised tho undosirability of forming combinations for controlling the election, did not deem it necessary to express any opinion upon the facts before it. Tho Gordian knot having been thus divided, tho amendment was carried by an overwhelming majority of both clergy and laity. Tho bishop, said that so long as he presided over the diocese, ho should never bring before the panel of triers any complaint of heresy against any clorpyman upon any point of doctrine as to which the law had uot been clearly laid down. Whatever might bo the character of individual members, it was not to his mind the proper tribunal for the trial of new and questionable cases; but there wero certain questions which had been so distinctly settled that the triers would morely constitute the jury to determine the fact whether or not the respondent had preached or taught false doctrine. The bishop, having delivered his closing address, prorogued the assembly sine die. -VISITATION OF THE DIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Mel- bourne held a visitation of so much of his diocese as is included in the Archdeaconry of Melbourne and Geelong, on February 1st, at the cathedral church of St. James, when he delivered a charge to the clergy present. In his address, which was published in extenso in The Argus of February 2, tho bishop alluded to the severe trials of faith and patienco to which, from their position and circumstances, many of the parochial clergy were subject, more particularly in the more distant parts of the diocese. The causes of these trials were -first, the insufficiency and irregular pay- ment of their stipends, whereby in several cases faithful and earnest ministers wero re- duced to so great penury as scarcely to be able to procure tho necessaries of life for their families ; secondly, an inability to provide a suitable education for their children ; thirdly, their isolation from their clerical brethren, and from all intelligent Christian friends capable of advising them in difficulties and sjmpathising with thora in distress ; and lastly, the pressure of over much work which was beyond tlair time and strength to per- form. These ti ¡als wore often very severo, and the bishop deeply sympathised with those of hisbrethren who were called toendure them. From the trials of the clergy the bishop turned to their duties ; and, alluding to the fact that success in the ministry was too com- monly estimated by the largeness of a con- grégation rather than by the evidence of tho work of grace begun and carried on in tho hearts of individuals, ho solemnly charged the clergy to beware of using carnal means for car) .ting on the work of the Lord ; and he specially charged them to beware of attracting a congregation to hear fine music, thereby turning the houso of prayer into a place of public amusement. In speaking of the duties of ministers, his lordship reminded the clergy that by their ordination vows thfiy had promised to obey their bishop "in all things lawful and honest." It wa^ the duty of all to render an unreserved submis- sion to the authority of the Church in all par- ticulars upon which its judgment had been clearly expressed, and mutually to tolerate the differences which existed amongst them upon those matters upon which either the Church had. pronounced no decision or its language might fairly admit of more than one interpretation. With respect to differ- ences on points of doctrine and the im- portance of sound dogmatic teaching, the bishop observed that, whilo they could not allow that the distinction between truth and error upon any point of religious truth was a matter of trivial importance, they would do well upon matters of subordinate importance to avoid unprofitable controversy. Tho test which the Church of England had adopted to try tho doctrine of its ministers was obviously the volume of its authoritative documents-its Articles of Religion, its Cate- chism, its Book of Consecration of Arch- bishops and Bishops and ordering of Priests and Deacons, and the various services and offices of the Book of Common Prayer. A clergyman who in preaching or teaching affirmed anything which was denied, or de- nied anything which was affirmed in those documents, was thereby, in the judgment of the Church, guilty of false doctrine But with respect to all those matters (and there aro very many) upon which the Cbnrch had not thns pronounced an authoritative opinion, lie was free to exercise his own privato judgment, To its lait.y the Church allowed a yet wider scope, for it required from them at their bap- tism and confirmation no other profession of faith than that contained in tho Apostle's Creed. Herein consisted the comprehensive- ness of the Church of England. Referring to certain points of doctrine respecting which great diversity of opinion exists in the Church at the present time, the bishop thus clearly laid down the course he intended to pursue with reference to them in this diocese : "Among theso are some on which the Church has expressed itself affirmatively e.g., the divine authority of the Holy Scrip- tures ÍK inspired of God, the vicarious sacrifice of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ for the sins of the world, and the personality and godhead of tho Holy Spirit. I cannot con- scientiously ordain or admit to tho ministry in this diocese any one who does not give me satisfactory assurance that he bona fide holds, and will faithfully teach, theso fundamental truths of the Gospel. "Again, there arc others on which I as con- scientiously believe the Church has with equal plainness expressed itself in the nega- tive- e.g., the presence of the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ, in any sense what- ever, in tho bread and wino after consecra- tion hy the officiating priest at tho adminis- tration of the Lord's Supper ; the offering of Christ to-God, in any sense whatever, by tho officiating priest at the holy sacrament ; tho practice, as distinguished from the occasional use, of confession to, and the private pro- nouncing of absolution and the imposing of penpnees by, a priest ; the adoption of any ceremonial or public worship not enjoined or expressly permitted by the Book of Common Prayer. I cannot conscientiously ordain or admit to the ministry in this diocese any ono who docs not givo me satisfactory.assuranco that he heartily approves, and will strictly adhere to, tho doctrine and directions of tho Church in theso particulars. In the latter, as well as in tho former case, no other qualifica- tions, of whatever kind- piety, zeal for God, amiability, genius-can compensate for any indistinctness or hesitation upon such vital matters." NEW ZEALAND NOTES. The New Zealand difficulty still remains unsolved, and is likely to continue so as long as Te Kooti, the primo mover in the rebel- lion, is at large. For many months past this determined miscreant has kept the country in a state of ferment, the fear inspired by his vindictive and bloodthirsty character render- ing him an especial object of terror to the settlers. When worsted in a skirmish-for tho encounters ho has with the colonia troops can scarcely be dignified by the nome of cngogements-he retires for a time to his fast- nesses and recruits his forces, generally emerg- ing from his'retreat stronger than ever. Ac- counts aro continually being received of his capture being imminent, but ho always manages to evade his pursuers, tho wild, and rucgçd naturo of the country which is at present the scene of warliko operations par- ticularly favouring his escape. Tho latest news received would really seem to justify some hopes being entertained that his career is about to be cut short, as ho is renortcd to bo hemmed in on almost every aide by the colonial force and friendly natives, who are piadually closing in on him in such a manner that escape f erins almost impossible. The ope- rations of the Government havo been retarded to some extent by the doubts which are ex- pressed respecting the sincerity of the friend- ship professed by the Kingitcs. It seems im- ponible to determine whether they are really 1 anxious for the capture of Te Kooti, or are dcf-irous, under the cover of an expressed willingness, to as.Í3t bim to escape, by throw- ing difficulties in the way of his pursuers. It is by no means easy to give a connected ' account of the warlike operations of the last month, as the intelligence which has been received Í3 very contradictory.. At the ciato of our last summary, Te Kooti was supposed to bo (according to latest advices) occupying the high land between Paingoroa and Patatere, on the Waikato, awaiting, it was suspected, the completion of some negotiation between him and King Tawhaio at Tokangamutu. He shifted his position a little, but about January 10 was supposed to be at Tapapa, Hnkaruia's settlement-, a place situated on the western ¡,ido of a main range, extending from the To Aroha mountain to Otano Wainuku, and neatly equally dividing the intermediate country between Tauranga harbour and the military settlements about Cambridge. Colonel M'Donnell, with a foroe of over 300 natives, was thought to bo at Tapuacbararu, a village on the noith-castern lino of Lake Taupo, about 50 miles distant from Tapapu, in a straight line, and Topia (a friendly chief) and Kemp (a colonial leader) were on the west side of Lako Taupo witli about COO mon. About this time Te Kooti sent a letter to Mr. J. C. Firth, a squatter, at Puketutu.outheWaitoarivcr.neaTMatamata, asking bim as a friend of William Thompson's (a Maori chief) to meet him at Thompson's monument. Without receiving any autho- rity from the Government to represent them, Mr. Firth accepted the invitation, und met To Kooti, who is described as about 5ft. Oin. in height, broad shoulderod, and muscular, with high cheek bones, black beard, black hair, and close black moustache, and a determined cast of countenance. From a published ac- count of the intorviow we learn that To Kooti declined to surrender, and said he would offer no terms to the Government, ne would not go to Auckland even on the promise that his life should be spared ; but if the Govern- ment would piomise to let him alone he would never fight again, but would settle down and cultivate. He was tired of slaying, and wished to be let alone. Mr. I'irthsaidhc was looked upon as a murderer, to which he replied that the work ho bad done was not considered murder by the Maori. As to the killing of women and children, that had been done by the pakeha. When he landed from the Chatham Islands ho desired to live peaceably and to cultivate, but Biggs had lollowcd him about, and he was obliged to turn and fight. As to Mr. Firth and his people, they would be quite safe, as he (Te Kooti) respected the dying words of Thompson. No good resulted from this interview, but rather the reverse, as it was the indirect cause of inducing Dr. Pollen, the Govern- ment agent at Auckland, to resign his ap- pointment. It appeared that when Mr. Firth telegraphed to Dr. Pollen regarding his ap- pointment to meet Te Kooti,i_olon«l Maule wished to march his troops to Colonol M'Don nell's camp, and with their united force sur- round Te Kooti. This, however, was pre- vented by Dr. Pollen, who was in conse- quence censured by Mr. Fox, upon which he resigned. On January 24, Colonel M'Donnell effected a junction with Topia and Kemp, and the whole force encamped at Te Papa, within five miles of Te Kooti, who was busily engaged in erecting a pall in the bush close by. M'Donnell's force surprised one of the outlying pickets of the enemy, killing one man and capturing three others and a woman. From one of the prisoners it was ascertained that Te Kooti's force numbered 200. On the evening of the 24th M'Donnell sent Kemp and 200 Wanganui natives on to havo a nearer view of the enemy's position, and arranged to attack at daylight. Next morning, just as M'Donnell was about to start, he was attacked, the enemy ha\ing endeavoured to surprise him, and a smart light ensued. The rebels wero driven off, but not until one friendly native was killed and six wounded, and one European dangerously wounded. The enemy left threo bodies behind them, and must have suffered considerably. Kemp seized and burned the village (it was not a pah) in which Te Kooti was entrenched, and captured 100 hoises and shot 20 more, thus inflicting a seveie loss on the rebels. Te Kooti, as usual, managed to effect his escape. No time was lost in pursuing him, and in- telligence from Tauranga to the 3rd instant states that Colonel M'Donnell, who has been engaged daily in scouring the bush between Patetore and Tauranga, has killed one of Kereopa'a chiefs, taking his riflo and revolver, and capturing threo piisoners. To counter- balance this, however, Colonel Fraser, when 17 miles from Tauranga, fell into an ambus- cade, and lost one European anil two natives killed, but none wounded. It is said that the Kingites are assembling at Kutti by King Tawhaio's orders, with the objectof preventing Colonel M'Donnell from following To Kooti into the King's country, but it is scarcely likely, in the face of the reverses that rebel has lately met with, that the King will still further peril his own position by allying him- self with an unsuccessful cause. On February 8, 400 Arawas, commanded by Colonel Fraser, weie despatched from Tauranga to Lako Rotorna to effect a junction with M'Don- nell's force. Intelligence has arrived of a skirmish which took place a short time ago with Kereopa, an old red-handed rebel, who passed through the Rotorna, district at tho head of 60 of Te Kooti's men, pretending to he a ] arty of fiiondlies returning home. Mojoi Mair discovered the cheat, aud with a party of Aiawas started in pursuit. Alight took place in a mountain pass between Ohincmutu and Parapata, situated a few miles north of Lako Rotorno, and in the fcliiimish 10 rebels were killed and 15 wounded, Kcieopa himself being reported among the latter. The friendlies' loss was thiec mon wounded, one it is supposed mor- tally. This skirmish is but small in itself, but the occurrence would seem to indicate that Te Kooti's foicc is breaking np, going off in small patties, and getting out of dauger's way. The latest news that has arrived states that Te Kooti has escaped into the Uriwera coun- try, but that his wife-who is described as a angularly handsome Maori woman, in com- plexion light as a half-caste-has been taken prisoner. It is said that Commodore Lambert has received instructions from home to give evety assistance in his power to the colony, mid U.M. ships Rosario and Blanche have been stationed at Tauranga, for some time past, in anticipation of an attack from Te Kooti. The tone of Earl Granville's de- spatches has excited profound indignation. The withdiawal of the troops is not so much complained of as the manner in which it was done, and somo of the papers are advocating an independent foi m of Government as moro acceptable to a majority of the colonists than the present one. It is Eatisfactoiy to notice that notwith- standing the many difficulties with which it has had to contend against, the colony is making steady progiess. The Customs revenue for the year and quarter to 31st December last amounts respectively as follows -.-For theyear, £823,508 ; for the quarter, £215,074 ; showing an increaso of £5,813 in favour of last quarter over the corresponding quarter in the previous year, and an increase of £34,679 on the revenue of 1S69 as compared with that of 1S08. But that is not the only sign of pro gtcss. Settlement is extending in all direc- tions, and, what is better, the natives are becoming reconciled to, and are even begin- ning to recognito the benefit of, this taking place. Cobb's coach is now advertised to run to Ngaruwahia, formerly the residence of the King, and pome 40 miles further north than Iiangiriri, where an obstinate fight took place some five years ago between the natives and the British troop3. This points to the com- plete pacification of the Waikato. During a recent visit to the west coast of the North Island, Mr. Fox effectually Eettled the diffi- culty connected with the Manamatu purchase, and the survey of this land is no longer ob- jected to. A party of ex-rebels are making the coast road to Taranaki, heretofore prohi- bited. Another body of natives are at work on the new road from Wangatiki to Taupo, and singular to toll, the natives in other districts, gratified at the benefits the roads are found to produce, and also pleased to earn monoy in making them, are applying for roads to be mado in their districts, and, to quote from a local paper, whose information is trustworthy, "flax mills are being erected in the very heait of the Ngatiruanui country, on land leased from natives who till now would not o\ en allow a missionary to have enough ground on which to build a cottage." The Patea country, too, devastated by Titoko waru, is about being re-settled, aud the foundations forthccomplete occupationof this splendid tract of rich country are fairly laid. There" is some prospect of the Ohincmuri district, Auckland province, being opened for miners, as some of the natives ate desirous of selling large portions of land to tho Govern- ment. Excopt at Wellington, which is disappointed at not being mado tho port of call, people aro generally satisfied with the arrangements made by Mr. Vogel for the conveyance of the English mails tiieî San. Fraucisco. The pro- posed cost is £5,000 under the sum autho- rised by Parliament. Tho time-table is as follows :-Outwards-To leave Auckland on 2nd April, 4th May. 4th June, and 7th July. In each month following those enumerated, the mail will leave Sydney on the last day of the month, and Auckland on the 7th of the following month. Inwords-To leave San ïrancisco ou tbo lôtdûf each month, com- mencing on tho loth of April next. There is no particular news from the Auck- land gold-fields. Shaies, at one time abun dantly overvalued, are now undergoing a corresponding depression. There aie too many people on the _old-field, nnd thousands find it difficult to live. The principal cluims however, still continuo to yield splendid re- turns. The disputes respecting the sales of auriferous land at Wangapeka have been settled, the land being found to be within the limits of tho Nelson south-west gold-field The miners aro now settling down to work' but capital is required to develop the din' tnct, which is thought to bo rich in gold. The other items of the month's news aro merely of local interest. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. The news from tho gold-fields during tho past month has been, on the whole, of a very encouraging character, and the depression in the shaic market at Ballarat, which con tinucs in spite of excellent yields, may be said to be in a measure compensated for by tho increasing confidence in tho Sandhurst mines. The scientific theory that quartz would pay only on tho surface has been very satisfac- torily refuted by tho Groat Extended Hust- lers Company, which have as good a prosnect at COOft. as ever they had. The yields of "this company up to the present amount to 2, OOOc of amulgam, and the returns appear to be gradually increasing. The Bendigo quartz mines are beginning- to attract more of the attention of capitalists than they have hither- to received, and the old reefers of the district look forward to long years of increased pros penty. A nugget weighing HOoz. 17divt 12. has been found in the 1 .isuverauce claim' Pitfield Plains, near Sinythusdule ; and Bellin also retains its reputation as a nugget-producing field in a remarkable way Fraser and paity at Berlin recently got two pieces of gold between John's fences, weigh- ing lespectively 24oz. and G'oz. 13dwt., and iu thu same week two pieces weighing Ooz. Gdwt andToz. lespectively. They have got ontof this claim altogetherabout2Glb. weight. Thereare only two o£ the paity working the claim, and they have got overSUoz. in seven bits without washing any of the dirt. Jones and party got a nugget weigh int. lloz. near John's lence ; and in Catto's paddock, the same day tlnee nuggets wero got, weighing respectively 200oz., 177oz., and üoz. The former was got by a party of Englishmen and the two latter by Chinamen. In John's lower paddock the brothers Jamieson got off the bottom of a small paddock two nuggets, each weighing just 14oz. The Bank of Now South Wales has puichosed of a party working in Catto's paddock a fino pure nugget weighing 78oz. lidwt. On Tuesday week Scott and party got a nugget at Tyler's weighing OJOZ. ; and on Mr. Johns throwing open his orchard to the miners, at the rate of £10 a claim he disposed of 27 claims at once, £100 being offered for some of them tho following day. In Johns' lower paddock, Ledstonand party nuggeted 25oz. in five pieces, and numerous other good finds in the same locality havo been chronicled. Payable gold has been found iu the Central Wine, Malmsbury, at a depth of 230ft. from the surface( or 270ft. from the level of the plain. This discovery is highly gratifying in moro ways than one. In the lirst place, it demonstrates the existence of a deep lead ia the Kj neton and Malmsbury districts, where the area of the basaltic formation is quite as extensive as at Ballarat. Quite a new field ii, therefore, opened up. Beyond this, however, it is satistactory to all concerned, ¿coing that the Central Mine is the property of an , English Company, the Australian United Gold mining Company (Limited). They have two mines, viz., the Duke of Cornwall, at Fryers- town, which the resident director states is already leaving a monthly profit, and the Centra), in which gold is now struck. Wo haveseen the gold, nearly three ounces, taken from the bottom of the shaft alone, When it is remembered that tho Newington Com- pany, at Ballarat, obtained one ounce from a shaft of precisely the same size, and that tho shares in that company roso at once to the value of £100,000, our English readers, espe- cially those holding shares in the Australian United Gold-miniug Company, cannot but be pleased at their prospects. The average gold per load at the Central is nearly loz. Mines at Ballarat aro paying expenses with a yield of ldwt, 9gr., or about one-fourteenth of this yield. Some of the alluvial claims on the Crooked River are yielding splendidly. In several claims the shareholders are netting over £10 per week for each man, and yet there is a large quantity of virgin ground unoccupied. The best gold is npw being obtained from tho flats, which hitherto havo commanded little or no attention. A new rush has lately set in to the Latrobe River. The newly-discovered diggings are situated on the south-east part ot the Baw Baw, upon ono of the heads of the Latrobo River, mid are distant from Wood's Point about 30 miles, and from Russell's Creek, in Gipps Land, about 10 miles in a crow Hue. The communication between this latter placo and the nish is almost impracticable. The supply of water is unlimited, and the workings are very shallow, tbo stripping being fiom 2ft. to 4ft. deep. The gold, which is of a good rough sample, is found sprinkled over the rock, which is a soit diorite or rotten gianite, and, as far as at present tested, pro- duces irom £2 10s. to £3 a man per week. The land in tho neighbouihood of the rush is of liist-ratc agricultural quality, but is very scrubby and thickly timbered, and a peifcct netwoik of creeks. A piece of quartz, very rich with gold, has been found near Bacchus Marsh, and all the old diggers in tho locality are of opinion that aquait reef will be found in the neighbour- hood. Some recent gold discoveries in South Aus- tralia have begun to attract attention. Tho alluvial giound at Barossa has been system- atically worked, and the prospectors aro still spreading themselves around in the scrub. Reefing companies have not succeeded, owing to the absence of defined loads, the gold being disseminated through a peculiar cement. From an ounce to an ounce and a half per ton has not been a rare yield for the ceinent crushers, of which there are now two. on the ground. When Barossa had had its day, Balhannah showed up. This deposit-a conglomerate of gold, silver, bismuth, and se\cral other metals not yet identified-is on private land, up the river Onkaparinga. It lins been partially developed by an Ade- laida company, and shipments of bis- muth have been sent to England. Pending tho determination of its market value, operations are not being rapidly pushed. The Blumberg discovery professes to bo a reof, and it ia on private property. The specula- tors, who purchased it from tenants holding under a pre-emptive right, have so far done well with tbeir bargain. It cost them £720 altogether, to cover which they issued 00 t-hores of the nominal value of £50, and re- served other 00 of the same value as pro- moters' shares. Tho latter have been inflated by a judicious exhibition of specimens to £130, and the former me selling at 100 per cent, premium. A telegram from the Barossa gold diggings states that the only patty who have tried deep sinking have struck the lead at 80 feet, and are getting one ounce and a half of gold to the load. Over 00 claims havo been at once pegged out in tho immediate neighbourhood. Further sinking at the Blumberg has resulted in tho reef being stiuck in two places. DIAMOND MINING. Tho mail steamer going this month will take with it 378 diamonds, weighing 87 caiats, on account of the Australian Diamond Mining Company. The parcel is tho produce of tho last four weeks' work, and it is by far the best yield that the company has yet ob- tained. Botter returns aro expected as the mino becomes opened up. A parcel of small rubies go by the same mail. If found sale- able in London, the company will be able to send larger quantities. . Tho tc-legraph-wiro has not informed us. or the finding of any diamonds at Mudgee dunm, the month bejond those that have been ob- tained by tho Australian Diamond Mines Company. It was stated; however, by tho local paper, early in the month, that there had been a marked increase in tho number obtained in the district, better returns st I would have been got but for tho delay iu the forwarding of machinery, ordered two months previously, and which had only just arrived from Victoria. The people in tho Mudgee district wero very sanguino of the ploce turning out most successiui. A parcel of diamonds from the Cudacgoni. River were received last week by Messrs Clarke and Co., of Melbourne. Tho number of diamonds contained in the P««"1,,*"?? 1C4. These wero in addition to the supply that has been received from the Australian Company. The stones -were quite up to trio average for brilliancy and purity. Tho half-yearly meetings of the two oom panics, which were started here about tuo time the discovery of diamonds first became known, have been held this month. As tua names of both companies havo oppearoa ire Min fly hi connc-ïîon with the roports given «der the head of diamond mining, and as îl pir operations have very much to do with i it MICCUS of this now species of mining en cnuicc we subjoin brief particulars of what a '.ed at the meetings Tbc first half yearly meeting of the Au« ?rnlinn Diamond Mines Company was held " " lie 7th mst Mr J T Moule was m tho rinn- 11'° directors reported that since the mfttii!" it the initiation of tho company a iteiiro ¿nym». two pumps, three of Hunt's intuit machines with the necessary fittings, Ld been purchased at a cost of £543 5s , de /¿.ted on tho ground In October last, a d'vre in the management was made, on «count of the reckless expenditure carried on JIcssis Taylor and Hunt weie called .ion to resign, and Mr VickaTy was ap uoinlcd managor m then place The num icr of diamonds found per month since the ewnn encraient of operations was as follows -?.tptemuer, ?30 Octobet, 46, November, iii7 December 170 , January, 257 , February r 01-making a total of 1 219 diamonds. 'ilefirst parcel sent to Mi Harry Emanuel, the scent of the company m London, consisted of 115 diamonds, which were li-uided o\er to the company by tho ou- tillai piomoters 'Ihey had been returned, cut and polished, and the greater number bad suite- been sold at satisfactory prices Tlie second parcel of 230 diamonds wore sent to Fngland by the September mail, and dis ro'ed of ni the rough at very favourable rates, Parcels are now sent by each mail The lind held h the company consisted of 2,000 yirds of the bed of the river, 15 acres on Bud lej s lead, four acres at Reedy Creek, two ic.es purchased from Mr Adams, and 11 acres purchased from Carter and Company 1 loin the latter 210 diamonds havo been ob timid since the 10th January The expendí tuic for the six months amounted to £2 051 1 s 2d ov er £1 000 of which was for leases and purchaso of machinery and would not occur again Among tho assets weie 83 cut diamonds estimated at the value of £130 , Ci rough diamonds, weighing 1521 carats slipped to Liifeland, estimated value, £51_ Its lOd The gold sold amounted to £129 Ihtlerto only one of Hunt's machines had i ¡xfn used but now there were such good I TOM ects instructions had been given to the minager to fi_ up the two other machines The repoit was adopted Messrs D Lyons sud V Clatko were re elected directors, and i tote of thanks gil en to the Hon G Verdon, a-cnt general for Victona for the assistance I 1 ad rendered to the company in London Hie half .early meeting of the Mudgee Gold and Diamond Mining Company was kid on the 11th mst An account of the opcntions of the past five months was given 1) ti o dtrcctois Mr George Hewitt on bung ippointfd manager, had proceeded to tlciroperty of the company, and commenced irc-iectwg- He was furnished with two of Runts machines, and obtained 180 diamonds Operations had been stopped on two occasions bj Hoods in the river, but an engine and pumps had been sent up in order to drain a reach in which the miners had found dia monds win nev or the watei allowed them to secure Hie soil at the bottom of the reach .io shafts had been sunk, m one of which tit nce of water had stopped opera lion'- M hilo the other gavo gooel in châtions of gold The chauman, m moungthe adoption of the repoit said that ile com] uni had only been at work a short time m fact, had only just commenced, but now ti at the inachincay was on the ground ti e nuning mannger would be able to push on ti i v ork '1 he report, winch also stated that calls to the amount of Is Od per share had I en made on thepiogressivc shares, was then adoi ted Me=sis W Plummer H Moss, J. J Case} Tosoph Copeland, Thomas Evans, aid II A Coffey, vere elected dnectors A tilegram from the manager of the 5 udeee Company was received on the 23rd, shtmg Jordan s shaft right fine projects old diamond drift coming in " MEAT PRESERVING. II ere is little to îcpoifc this monih m con inion tilth this now branch of colonial n di strv but continued prosperity on the part of all who hav e engaged m it. Our local tan ufacturcrs are fully aware that they must lotir themselves if thej wish to turn to sccount tin feood impression Australian pre < tied meats baie made at home iftid on the continent Alieady the demand made upou th vanous companies now established ex- ceeds their producing powers, and if, as seems irobable a large trade springs up with lnnco and Prussia as well as J ngland, it nil he ncces'arj for them at once to evtend their operations and otheis will b encouraged to embark in similar enterprises uunng the month tho Vietona Meat près îving Company have on two occa- sions ginn dinners prepared on the plan so tica, ^f ill} carried out by Mr Tallerman in London and which he has also been re (\ucstcd to introduce m Pans About a fort i ight ago a number of gentlemen, principally connected tuth the pastoral interest, met at tleuool stores of Messrs Goldsbrough and Co fot the purpose of tasting some samples oí meat preterí ed by the process patented 1 j the \ letona Meat preserving Company "-ei oral casks of meat of various ages some oft lnchiiastwojcarsold consistingof rolled c ica c3 of mutton slightly corned, were un lad ed andtlien contentsfoundtobemperfecfc coi dition It was explained that the method enploied by the company of lato was to pack ii i miat m hermetically sealed coses of a size uliiciciit]} small to permit of then being 1 andltd v ithout uni damage to the contents It nao mentioned that the cost of the meat m London would be about 2Jd a lb After ti c inspection was concluded the guests sat (¡own to a lunch of preserved meats 'I he bill of fare consisted of braised, boiled, tacd and minced beef, cuined andhancot mutton Insn stew, dry hash, _.c A favout ible verdict vus pionounced upon all the (l-l es In a despatch vi Inch arnv ed by the la<t mail, Mr Verdon, the agent geneial of tie colony, again alluded to a cask of pre- venid meat sent home by the Vic tona Meat presen mg Company foi trial, hung been condemned as bad by the lictualhng department of the Admiralty, sod mentioned that he wouid withdraw another cask which had been forwarded at Hie «ame time from trial In a letter ad- ored to _A. Aigus, Mr R Caldwell, the iiana.ing partner of the company most deeply mterested, states that the coskieforred to ivas the one of which mention had been mide in a previous despatch, and not a fresh one He also regretted that not the slightest information as to the condition of the cask, otofits tieatment after its landing from the outUmd routo across the desert, had been riçciicd, as the company had every leason to btlieie that its contents would not have .cue bad u lth fair usage He f ui ther stated, «I cntheauthority of Mt ssrs Dalgety, DtiCio/, ai a C5 London, that the second cask alluded te bj Mr Verdon had proved to be excellent, ard tint from it Mr lallerman had supplied ti i Lmpcroi of the French, who (aftei eating) pronouncid m its favour for supplynlg his jtoois M üb the view of extending the opera- tions and strengthening the position of this companj 5 000 shares havo been put on the iraiUt at£5 per share, and an influential com wtttee lias been formed to promote the under talmg .heoperationsof the Melbourne Mcat P'escnnife Company continue quite as laige «usual It is quite possible that before long " e increased consumption at home, and the £ni r of a local trade, will necessitate the sim further enlargement of this company's »ort,« ihe Australia I ehx Meat preserving wmpany (Limited), which was only started lurec months ago, has already not only got Mant m working order but has killed over 'TOsliec} and shipped tho meat by the Vga memuon Anglesey, and Kent The process s similar to that of the Victoria Company, lue meat being e'eared of bono and packed in ^M when passed from the pickling tub and Te,d,up the rolls of meat being kept air j eiit 0} boiling tallow being poured around un layers 'lho Warrnambool Company com- menced operations lost week, and before long anottitr new company will bo at work near "".i ""."'. ns the greater part of the shares JÍ» "ie Australia I ehx have been already m CAl Up *' IS 6ratlfynig to mention that the manufacture of machinery for ?niatpreserving purposes the Melbourne ,ñu!,dcrsmore '"an hold their own Almost it« , ,s BUCU for tln8 class of mnchi i"J in ti» neighbouring colonies, as well as ««!?'« llM0 como to Melbourne, and re erntly the Goulburn tfsew South Wales) Com- an} ua;0 ordered m iclnnery and plant equal lu Vw,t to tbat employed by the Melbourne Bri»1ii.l5y?v?E Companj, from Mr. O r, tia ' Mdbourno, who has already exe- cuted many large orders of a similar nature. {?Vi, d.Btem that Bome o£ the South Aus în i faclorus are not behind our own l,i_iTePln(5 meat 1U tlns ina manner calca "m? n1T tho t(,<,t o£ se» a,r and a lonS jage iiie Guichen Bay Meat pres»rvmg ^1'tny supplied a few of tho Aberdeen i'1'"8 last season with soveral cases of Gib i,,,?""!both Captain Perrett, of the Wave MM. .i.and, Captain Larcie of the Jerusalem, ni tH i thoneh they did not use the moat un »i ur outwara ^ojago to Molbourne, it eX« ?',,n sellent condition, and gave " we sati.faction l»oiUEor Gamgee's new process (as de scribed by Mr. Verdon in his last despatch) for the preservation of meat in tho carcase has excited ctBisiderablo attention, and the consignments forwarded per emigrant ship Crusader ore eagerly looked for. AGRICULTURE. Except that the threshing-machines aro busily at work everywhere, and that the weather has of late been exceedingly hot and dry, we have littlo agricultural news to com- municate. The harvest has been all gathered in and much of the grain prepared for market, so that we can now make pretty sure of the result. As the UiTcshing proceeds there is no reason to alter the opinion expressed some time since, that the yield of grain has been small in proportion to the straw, or, in other words, less than tho crops promised before they were fully ripe. Still the general average will bo good, and the total produce of grain will bo fully equal to the year's consumption, even though this bo largely increased by im- migration. The total extent under crop was doubtless much added to by the holders of new land being able to get more of their ground ploughed than in the previous year, and as prices wero good at last sowing time, the occupiers of old farms kept their ploughs going as long as they well could. And although we heard a good deal about the blighting effects of the exceedingly hot weather in December, much of tho gram was cut before then, and in the late districts the crops were too green to suffer very seriously. Thus the goo<l yields greatly preponderate over the bad ones ; and although we have not what at one time was expected, namely, the highest average ever obtained in Victoria, we havo most probably the greatest amount of grain ever raised in one year. To men of the labouring class wo may say that for many years past the farmers have not had such difficulty in procuring the number of extra hands they required at harvest time, nor have they had to pay such high rates for tho work done. In fact, so disgusted wore many of them attheexpense and trouble, that they havo determined to reduce their tillage operations until labouring men are more plentiful again, meanwhile, keeping sheep and other stocks on a portion of their land, and so resting this ai-inst a period of better prices than promiso. to rule for a year or two. This year tbeiowillbca vast addition to the number of beginners on now land, tempted by the liberal provisions of the law just being brought into working order. Besides being tho cause of many nioie of our own people taking up land forthemRolvcs, this is drawing rather a large number of experienced farmers over the border from South Australia, where they have been managing their holdings on the colonial or exhaustive system until these will no longer support them. Their returns have been dwindling down from year to year, tbo seaions being blamed at first, but the possibility of getting new land on very easy terms seems to havo opened their eyes to the truo reason of failure, namely, the sowing of grain continually without allowing their long tilled land either rest or manure. And very useful settlers these men will make in one respect. Tbey will vory quickly render pro- ductive the laud they take up, pro pared as they are with teams and implements, besides being experienced in all kinds of bush work ; but on tho other hand they will be pretty suro to follow their old tactics, and exhaust the land hero as they did in the neighbouring colony. They will not, how- ever, be alone in their error, for very many of our farmers are doing the same thing. But we have just now a teacher likely to load many into the right path, and that is one of Fovtlci's double-engine steam ploughs in full and constant work. Tho few steam ploughs and cultivators wo have had before wero all on the roundabout plan, driven by one engine, and thereforo unable to effect any- thing worthy of notice in our rough half tilled land. The last of these tried here was quickly sent back to England, and the others were soon worn out in their owners' service. But Fowlei's plough, drawn directly back- wards and forwards between two engines, is able for the roughest work, tearing stones and roots out of tho ground, and breaking this up twice as deep as it was ever moved before. The value of such a smashing up and deepening of the soil is fully appreciated when seen, and the farmers iu the neighbour- hood of where tho plough is engaged aro so eager for its services that the owner cannot undertake half the work offered him. It was supposedtobe axisk importing one of these ex- pensive implements, after the former failures with less costly ones, but tho best proves the fittest for our requirements, notwithstanding the extra price ; and next season, instead of one, theio will be full and constant employ- ment for half a dozen of the most powerful implements, especially if the crops on the steam-ploughed land arc as good as they ought to be from tho deepening of the soil. Depth of tillage is tho great requirement under such a climate as ours, and the most powerful steam plough alone can give it with- out tho expense of actual trench ploughing. The Boaid of Agriculture held a trial of grub beis and scarifiers a few days since at the Experimental Farm, and although somo of our colonial manufacturers have laid them- selves out for the production of implements on what they fancy to be greatly improved principles, the first prizes for both descriptions of work, deep and shallow, were taken with ono of Coleman's, in every way the lightest and most handy implement on the ground, besides being the cheapest. This is a part of the farmer's work beginning to receive more attention here every year, and necessarily so, for much of the long-tilled land is very foul with weeds. This summer has been re- markable for the occurrence of a few exceed- ingly hot days at intervals of a week or fort- night during tho last three months, but tho countiy is not yet very much parched, as theio was a good fall of rain iu January. Owing to this, there is still a ringo of green on the tilled and unfilled land, and tho first heavy shower will give an abundance of feed again. Indeed, except over a limited tract of countiy little favoured by the rains whon they do come, there has been no actual scarcity of feed as jet, and fat stock are still most abundant. March, on which wo aro just entering, seldom passes without a break or twoin the weather, so that there is little chance of the meat-preserving establishments not being kept at full work during the remainder of the jear. And the quantity of tinned and otherwise preseived meat sent away will bo very great, for in addition to those already in operation two new companies will be at full woik in this colony alone before the month is over. MERCHANT SHIPPING AND UNDER- WRITERS' ASSOCIATION. Some idea of the moro important work that this association has been engaged on during tho past year may be formed from the following abstract of tho report, which tho committee presented at the annual meeting, on the 21st inst. The association has been appointed by the committee managing the affairs of Lloyd's, to represent their interests at this port. In their report the committee stated that they had obtained and collated a mass of information with respect to the state of vessels owned in, trading to, or otherwise connected with, the Australian colonies.. A record was now kept of all tho vessels trading to or between the colonies, and accidents and disasters at sea had boon duly registered. The state of vessels generally trading to this port had been inquired into and reported upon by the surveyors of the association. Particu- lars of tho condition of moro than 130 vessels had been entered on tho surveyor's books. A system of classifying the vessels-about 2,000-registered in tho various ports of Aus- tralia and New Zealand had been resolved upon. Recommendations had been made re- specting the mode of adjusting particular averages on goods, which would secure a fair valuation on sound goods, and put a stop to the complaints that had been uttered against the practice hitherto in vogue.. With respect to surveys on cargoes discharg- ing, some of an unsatisfactory charac- ter having been obtained, they had re- commended the insertion of a clause in bills of lading, whereby the master would agree, on dischaiging at Melbourne, to em- ploy tho association to survey the hatches when opened, and subsequently to examino the stowage in courso of discharge, and all damaged goods, before leaving the vessel. Their attention had been called to the hazardous character of New Zealand flax as cargo, and pending further inquiries, they had advised, and as far as possible seen, that ex- treme precaution was taken in the carriageof that article as cargo, from the danger of its taking fire by spontaneous combustion. A variety of suggestions for effecting the speedy extinction of fires on shipboard, both at 'sea and in haibour, had been considered. Sug- gestions had been made to the Salvage Committee of Lloyd's as to the fitting of ves- sels hereafter to bo built with apparatus for introducing water without delay into the ship's hold in caso of fire. The committee's report was adopted, together with a financial statement showing that the receipts for the year bad amounted to £913 7s., and the ex- penditure to £787 17s. 9d. Messrs. Monte- fiore, Moffatt, Collie, Jarrett. Henty, and Beckwith were appointed as the committeo I for the ensuing j ear. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS- PITAL. The following is a list of the deaths that have taken placo in the Melbourne Hospital since our last summary, specifying, as far as is known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : Allen, Alice, aged 23, native of London ; arrived in 1853 by tho Thames j died Feb- ruary 9, of typhoid fovcr. Burns, Patrick, aged 28, labourer, native of Ireland ; nrrived in 18G2 by the Bates Family ; died January 28, of phthisis. Bloomer, Charles, aged 40, native of Cumberland ; ar- rived in 1853, ship unknown ; died February 9, of dysentery. Benjamin Lewis, agod 34, watchmaker, native of Holland ; arrived in 1858 by the Sir William Eyre ; died February 11, of hepatic dropsy. Brown, Mary Ann, aged 27, dressmaker, nativo of Dublin ; ar- rived in 18G0 by the Star of India ; died Feb- ruary 15, of phthisis. Burrow, Elizabeth, aged 40, native of Cambridgeshire ; arrived in 1852 by tho Bride ; died February 15, of cancer of tho womb. Collins, Edmund, aged 38; died February 1 ; further particulars unknown. Conroy, Ruben, aged 38, labourer, native of Ireland ; died February 1, of English cholera ; no further particulars. Donovan, Ann, aged 21, domestic, nativo of Cork ; arrived in 1SG8, ship unknown ; died February 5, of phthisis. Elgee, Edward, aged 38, labourer, native of London ; arrived in 1854 by the Deborah ; died January 31, of pneumonia. Ebden, Simon, aged 61, carter, native of Devon- shire ; arrived in 1852, ship unknown ; died February 5, of dysentery. Gilmore, Charles, aged 24, warehouseman, native of Colchester ; arrived in 1853 by the Royal Family ; died February 17, of phthisis. Johnson, Elizabeth, aged 20, nativo of Hertfordshire ; arrived in 1858, by tho Gam bogia; died, February 22, of phthisis. Knighton, Richard, oged 50, patternmaker, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1850 by the Sarah Sands ; died February 21, of ronal dysentery. Knowles, Margaret, aged 46, native ot Ireland ; arrived in 180G by tho Lightning ; died February 7, of morbus Brightii; Kerrie, Margaret, aged 20, domestic, native of Ire- land ; arrived in 18G5 by the Royal Standard ; died February 16, of phthisis. Leighton, Francis, aged GO, draper, native of Ireland ; nrrived in 1853 by tho Bloomer ; died January 31, of cirrhosis of the liver. Morgan, John, aged 29, seaman, native of Sweden ; arrived in 18GÜ by the Conflict ; died January 31, of typhoid fover. M'Intyre, John, aged GO, shepherd, nativo of Scotland ; arrived m 1857 by the Stirling ; died February 14, of phthisis. Ross, Bryco, aged 52, clerk, native of Scot- land ; arrived in 1857, ship unknown ; died February 14, of gun-shot wound, self-inflicted. Svcnson, Andries, aged 35, seaman, native of Noi way ; arrived in 1870 by the Hoidoroon ; died February l8, of phthisis. White, William, aged n0, shipwright, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1854 by tho Con- test; died January 28, of compound com- minuted fracture of the leg. Welch, John, aged 49, splitter, native of London ; ar- rived in 1803 by tho Gipsy Queen ; died January 21, of cancer in tho stomach. Wright, Ann, aged 37, native of London ; arrived in 1S54, ship unknown ; died February 7, of metial valve disease. Waters, Julia, aged 25, domestic, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1859, ship unknown ; died February 7, of plcuro-pneumonia. Walker, George, aged 32, gunsmith, native of London ; arrived in 1805 by the Star of England ; died February 9, of broken ribs. Willis, William, aged 43, la- bourer, native of Birmingham ; died Feb- ruary 12, of delirium Iraniens. No further particulars. THE LABOUR MARKET. All skilled artisans still find ready employ- ment at quoted rates, and the demand for domestic servants is, if possible, greater than ever. One immigrant ship, the Lady Jocelyn, arrived since last mail, bringing 32 married couples, 115 single men, and 184 singlo women. Only 35 single women were open to engage- ment at the depot, the rest having gone to tbeirfriends. The same eagerness wasshown by employers as last month, over 130 persons attending the hiring. The usual weekly rations allowed in Vic- toria aro 101b. to 121b. of meat (beef or mut- ton), 101b. flour, 21b. of sugar, and .lb. of tea. The following servants are fed and lodged by their employers, receiving rations as above : Shepherds (first-class), £35 to £45 per annum ; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 per annum ; lads for tho country, 10s. to 12s. per week ; general farm labourers and station hands, 15s. to 20s. do. Married couples for out stations, £40 to £55 per annum. The follow- ing servants aro fed and lodged with tho em- ployers' families :-Grooms, for country, 20s. to 25s. per week ; men cooks, for hotels, £1 to £4 do. ; female do., £40 to £80 per annum ; married couples, for country (first-class), without encumbrance, from £05 to £83 per annum ; female house servants, for country (first-class), £35 to £45 per annum ; do. do. (second-class), £30 to £33 do. ; laundresses £35 to £45 do. ; nursegirls, for town, £25 to £30 do. Tho following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen aro without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Among stonemasons, brick- layers, plasterers, and carpenters an arrange- ment has been made with the employers that the rate of wages shall be 103. per day ; builders' labourers (hodmen), 7s. per day ; pick and shovel men, 0s. per day. Tailors.-In first-class establishments good men aro scarce, and corfstant work is to be had at the average of from £3 to £3 15s. per week. In second-class establishments the average earnings are from £2 10s. to £3. In factories, tailors, best hands, average £2 10s. Tailoresses can cam as follows ¡-Trouser and vest hands, 30s. per week ; coat do., 353. ; prossers, £2, Clothing Machinists.-Best, 30s. per week; ordinary, 20s. ; shirtmakers (machinists), girls, 32s. Gd. to 17s. ; cutters, 153. 0d. to 30s. ; finishing, 2s. to Gs. per doz. Bootmakers.-In the best establishments, for bespoke work the rates paid are as fol- low :-Wellingtons, 14s. 6d. ; elastics, 12s. ; closing, 8s. ; riding boots, back strap, 24?. In factories good workmen can earn from £3 to £2 15s. per week at slop work. Ordinary hands carn £2 per week. Cabinetmakers.-In tho best shops the. average earnings of good tradesmen is 12s. per day and upwards, according to ability ; polishers, 10s. to 11s. In second-class estab- lishments and factories first hands make 10s. per day, and for cabriole work 12s. ; up- holster« s, 9s. to 10s. ; polishers, 8s. to 9s. ; saw-mill hands, 103. to 12s. per day of eight hours. Iron Founders, Smiths, &c-Smiths; arc paid per hour, and good men can earn on an averagolOs, to 14s. per day; fitters, 9s. to 12s. ; turners, 14s. ; moulders,- 11s. to 14s. ; Pattern-makers, 10s. to 13s. ; mechanical engineers, 12s. to 14s. Shoeing smiths earn on an average £2 10s. per week of 10 hours per day. Stevedores' Men.-Lumpers and wool stowers are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, IG3. The rate never alters, but there is often a good deal of broken time. Donkey-engine drivers, about £4 per week ; engineers in tow boats, £1G per month. Painters.-Ordinary hands get 8s. per day, but work is not very steady in this trade. Watch Jobbers.-Advertisements have ap- peared for steady men in this trado at £4 per week ¡ this may be taken as the ordinary rate. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week. Saddlers and narnessmakors.-The best hnnds in this trado earn £3 per week -time, 10 hours per day ; second class (mostly young men), 25s. to 30s. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trado is 10 hours per day. Gardeners.-First-class men-without ra- tions-for situations near town, gctCOs. to COs. per week, but the demand for best hands is very limited. Do. for country, COs. ; second class do., near town, 36s. to 42s, per week ; third class for country (with rations), 15s. to 20s. Minéis.-The averago rate of wages for miners in tho large qaartz-mining districts is, for pit-work, deep sinking, £2 10s. per week ; ordinary quartz- miners, £2 Cs. por week, eight hours shift. Tho rate of wages for alluvial miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight hours shift. PUBLIC HEALTH. There is little of interest to record as regards the stato of tho public health in Melbourne. It may bo said to remain in its normal condi- tion, and subject alone to the ordinary laws of mortality. In neither city or suburbs have malignant or infectious diseases made their appearance during the wann season, a fact due, no doubt, in some degree to the vigilance of the central and local boards of health, and the vigorous measures adopted in all casea where a breach of tho Health Statute was committed. Unhappilj', a different state of things exists in some of the up-country dis- tricts. In Castlemaine diphtheria is reported as continuing its wholesale attacks upon children, many adults also suffering from its ravages. Even allowing for some exaggera- tion, the disease would seem to have assumed a very serious aspect in the locality alluded to, and it wasdeomed advisable to close some of the schools to prevent tho discaso spreading. A local paper states that one medical gentle- man is now prescribing for nd'-less than 40 patients. An opinion expressed by a Dr. Bunbridge, a gentleman of considerable ex- perience in the treatment of the disease, as to its origin deserves attention. He affirms that the most malignant forms of diphtheria havo been introduced into tho colony by the Chinese population. No doubt tho habits, diet, and mode of living adopted by these Mongolians on the gold-fields are well calcu- lated to strengthen this hypothesis.' It is gene- rally known that many of them suffer from tho most serious disorders of the tongue and mouth. One form of disease is,'that known as producing " double cover," supposed to bo identical with tho diphtheria of .Europeans. The disease is said to have mado its appear- ance also in the Smeaton-plains and the sur rounding districts. - THE WEATHER. ; During the past month wo may bo said to have been in the uninterrupted enjoyment of seasonable summor weather. s-Hot winds, however, have been very prevalent ;, the tem- perature has beon at times extremely variable, ' and there has not been scarcely any faU of rain. The earlier part of the month, with" the exception of the 10th inst., which was- a very sultry day, was fine and pleasant. The 15th was the hottest day of the season. The thermometer at one period of the day regis- tered 109° in the shade, with an overpowering hot wind blowing. In the evening there was a chango, a light wind prevailing from the north-west. It was thought that rain would have followed, but the wind again shifted, and the weather became oppressively warm. The Government astronomer reports that tho total rainfall since the beginning of the year amounts to 3'15in., as compared with l'97in. for the same period in 18G9 ; 3'lOiu. for 18öS ; 4-49in. for 18G7 ; l-77in. for 18GU ; 0_4in. for 1805 ; 4'G4in. for 180. ; 4 _2in. for 18G3 ; l-43in. for 1862 ; G-7Gin. for 18G1-; 2-05in. for 18G0 ; 3-49in. for 1859 ; 3-58in. for _85S ; or an average of 3T7. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns for tho Victorian Railways for the week ending the 17th February show a considerable falling off as compared with tho receipts of the corresponding period of last year, although much less than the weekly average of tho seven weeks of the present year as compared with last year. The pas- senger traffic gives a return of £3,398 0s. 9d., while in the corresponding week of last j-ear the return from this branch of traffic amounted lo £3,587 19s. 8d., showing a dimi- nution in this return of £189183. lid. for the week. In mails, rents, &c;, the return is £128 2s. Gd., as against £429 4s. Sd. for the corresponding period of last year, showing a reduction in this item of £301 2s. 2d. In the ourringo of merchandise, however, there is a considerable advance in favour of the present j ear, the return being £G,253 Gs. 5d. as against £5,702 19.. 4d., showing an increase in favour of the present year of £550 7s. Id. The aggre- gate return to date amounts to £74,299 Is. Gd. as against £77,189 0s. 7d. for the corresponding period of last year, showing a loss against the present year of £2,88919s. Id. Tbo average icturn of the seven weeks of tho present jear is £10,G14 3s. Id., as against £11,027 Os. Id, of the previous year, showing a weekly falling oil" of £412 17s. This de- crease is to bo attributed to reductions which have been wade in the rates of freight and faies. The icturns for tho last month of the traffic on the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company show a large increnso over the roturns for the same period last year. Tho amount íeceived for the aiiiiago of passengers for the four weeks ending February 17 was £7,527 Gs. Gd., ns against £7,210 7s. lid. for the same peiiod last year, showing an increase on this branch of the traffic for tho month of £31G ISs. 7d. The receipts for the caniage of goods, &c;, amount to £4,204 13s., us against £3,75S 8s. 2d. for tho correspond- ing peiiod last year, giving an increase of £41G 4s. lOd. The total returns for the month amount to £11,73119.. Gd., as against £10,908 lGs. Id. for the corresponding four weeks last year, giving au increase in favour of the present jear ot £763 3s. 5d. The fol- lowing statement shows the gros,s revenue of the Victorian Railways from the 1st January in the following years :-To loth February, 18C6, £71,33110s. Gd. ; to 21st February, 18Ü7, £79,211 14s. 2d.; to 20th February, 18G8, £79,859 8s. Gd. ; to 18th February, 1809, £77,189 0s. 7d. ; to 17th February, 1S70, £74,299 Is. Gd. THE THEATRES. Messrs. Lyster and Smith's new Italian opera company made their first appearance at the Theatre Royal, on Saturday, the 5fch February, and havo already gained for them- selves a durable reputation. Their greatest success has been in "Lucrezia Borgia," and an announcement of their performance of thisfavouiito opera is generally sufficient to fill the house. The season was commenced with "Ern.ani," and though this composition is no great favourite with tho musical public, the new comers wero greeted by one of tho most crowded and brilliant assemblages which the walls of the Theatre Royal havo ever contained. The performance was an unqualified success, and the principal singers were enthusiastically called before the curtain at the end of each act. Signora Barratti, the prima donna, is young, of good mein and fiçure, with strongly marked features, instinct with intelligence, somewhat below the middle height for women, ner voice is a genuino soprano, of grand quality. Siguor Nori is a tall, personable man, with every advantage of stage appearance, and the possessor of a tenor voice of rare excellence, which train- ing has brought under perfect control. Signor Dondi, too, enjoys many physical advantages, which in an operatic singer enhance tho possession of a fine voice. Signor Contini is specially excellent for his dramatic ability, and though, perhaps, un- able to picoso so much as a vocalist as his moro gifted confreres, still he is likely to hold a very favourable position before an audience for the reason mentioned. As a quaifet, these artists are fit for any capital city in Christendom. The orchestra is ex- ceptionally good, and the chorus has been organised upon a liberal scale, but as most of the material of which it is com- posed, though lieh in vocal power, is now to the stage, it must undorgo some drill- ing before its full value is properly developed. "Lucia di Lammermoor," the socond pro- duction, reintroeluced Madame Simonsen to a Melbourne audience, and this accomplished vocalist, as the heroine, acquitted herself in the most satisfactory manner. "Lucrezia Borgia " was selected for the first appearance of Miss Lucy Chambers, an Australian by birth, who has gained somo distinction as an operatic singer on, tho continent of Europe, and who would have sung in London this year had she not beon in- duced to accept her present engagement. Miss Chambers appeared as Maffeo Orsini. The scene when she first cariie upon the stage may bo described as consisting of noise, bouquets, and waving handkerchiefs on one side of the footlights, and a splendidly-dressed and somewhat jaunty young nobleman of stalwart build, with jet moustaches and a Bnttus wig of black hair, bowing and kissing his hand to all the friends who had come to seo him. This was a very good beginning, and from this point the opera went on swim- mingly except for tho interruptions caused by the entrance of the Lucrczia {Signora Bar- ratti) and tho ,other members of tbo Italian corps, who wore all subjected to the peculiar warmth of a Melbourno welcome. The per- formance of the short aria, "Nella fatal di Rimini," at once put. the minds of the audience at rest that they heard a voice of rare power, and the applauso which followed was of course hearty in the extromo. The " Brindis." was received with grtfat favour by tifo audience, who were evidently charmed at the power, depth, and sweetness of the lady's voice-a voice tho like of which we have not heard since Sara Flower was in her prime. Tho appearanco of Miss Chambers serves to strengthen the company materially, and it may bo that in parts such as Arsacc, Orsini, and others of like calibre, our Melbourne opera will bo as woll supported as it is at this time likoly to ho in any countrj*. -Her appear- ance and performance wero altogether gratify- ing. " Un Bailo in Maschera," tho fourth opera produced hy the company, was not so success- ful as tho preceding compositions, though Signor Devoti, who mado his re-nppearanco m it after a long absence from the Melbourne stage, acquitted himself with some credit as Ricardo, and Miss Chambers', Ulrica was a very fine performance, both musically and "dramatically considered. Mr. Lascelles ap- peared in the small part of Tomoso ; but this gentleman does not appear to have any special qualifications for the lyric stage. The Princess's Theatro has been re-opened with a company from the Theatre Royal, under the management of Mr. J. R. Greville, and Mr. H. J. Byron's new sensation drama, " The Lancashire Lass," a particularly trashy composition, is now being played there for tho third week. Tho piece, however, is well played, is carefully put upon the stage, and iho prices of admission are very moderate. Weston's Opera-house was re-opened after tho departure of tho Minstrels with a musical entertainment by tho Lascelles-Bailey troupe, after which a dramatic company, under direction of Miss Cleveland, took possession, and produced Mr. T. W. Robertson's "Play" with great success ; but after the fourth night of representation, it had to bo withdrawn owing to a clause in the original lease forbid- ding tho performance of dramatic pieces. A company of vocalists are now giving enter- tainments in tho hall. The appearance of General Tom Thumb, his wife, Commodoie Nutt, and Miss Minnie Warren, and suite, who arrived by the last mail from Ceylon, has created quito a sensa- tion, and the receptions at the Polytechnic hall have beon crowded."] - Commodore Nutt, whoso comic, powers are considerable, is an especial favourite'. * K » Mr.»,Heller's" entertainmont of magical wonders, which 'has'tlrawii good houses for the last 16 weeks, at'No. 172 Bourko-street, is just drawing to a close. v _ ' RACING. '; '. Since tho departure of last mail three race meetings havo been held, jiho most im- portant of which was the Geelong annual races. The Ballarat Miners' Race Club held a two days' meeting on the 10th and 11th February. Although the prizes wero not large, there.wasan oxceUent on try, and a fair number of Îïorses carno to the post for each event. The two-milo Hurdle Race was won by Mr. Brown's gallant old groy, Yorkshire man, beating five others. The All Saints' Cup was won by Victor, beating five others. The Miners' Handicap of £50 was won by Sham- rock, beating a field of five others. Triumph won tho Selling Race, beating four very moderate horses. On the second day, Mar- mion won the Selling Hu rd lo Race. The Handicap Trot was won by Buck, who re- ceived 200 yards start out of four miles, boat- ing seven others. The Corner Handicap was won by Milesian in excellent style, boating a good field of fivo horses. Tho Handicap Steeplechase was won by Cnrrygong, tho only horse that got round tho course. Tho Conso- lation Stakes fell to the lot of Standard Bearer. Thesecond summermeeting atCroxton-park was much more successful than tho provious meeting, so far as the entries for tho different laces were concerned, but the attendance of the public was not EO good as tho excellent programme deserved. Nine horses started for tho Maiden Plate, which was won by Pablo Fanque. Jack Tar won the Selling Handicap, beating seven others. Tho Crox- ton Park Handicap was won by Moonbeam, beating five others. Only three horses started for the Northcote Plate, which was won by Protection. The Consolation Handicap was won by Vagabond, beating six others. The annual Geelong meeting, on tho 24th and 25th inst., passed off very satisfactorily. Tbo Maiden Plato was won by Lilly, a throe year-old filly, by Boiardo, beating four others. The Geelong Handicap of two miles was won by a compaiative outsider, the Duke of Mon tioso, Flying Dutchman, the favourite, bein.; second. AVarrior, who was also much fancied, did not showin the race. Tho Hurdle Race was also a surprise, being won by Fair Noll, who was but little noticed in the betting. Potatoes and Lady Claie both fell, the latter breaking her neck. Eleven staited. The Handicap Trotting Race, of four miles, was won by Polly, who received 800 yards start. The Dis- trict Race was reduced to a match between Mischief and Vanity, won by the former. The Novel Race was won by Victor, beating eight others. Tho Criterion Handicap, three miles, was tho best race of the meeting, and M as won by Norma, by Athos, tho Duke of Montrose being second. The pace was very fast throughout, tho distauco boing done in 5min. 39sec, This timo has only been beaten once in Australia, the Barb having accom- plished the feat in 3min. 38äoc, carryiug weight for age. The Steeplechase was won by Dutchman, who was very little noticed in iho betting. Reindeer, the favourite, not securing a place. Tho Consolation was won by Boatman, by Fisherman, beating five others. CRICKET. The usual annual match botweon tho colonies of New South Wales and Victoria was begun' on the ground of tho Melbourne Club, on Thursday, and will bo finished to- day. This is the thirteenth contest of the series, and the visitors, who have lost eight out of the]2matches previously played, stand a remarkably good chance of being worsted again. The teams which have met this j ear both fairly represent tho cricketing talent of the two colonies, though one or two good names were missed from each side. The absence of Caffyn and Gilbert from the New South Wales team, and Gibson and Allan from the Victorian, made an appreciable dif- ference in the gamo, but the Victorians suf- fered most by these defections, as they wero practically loft without a wicket-keeper. Tho cricket exhibited on both sides during the match has been such as to satisfy tho most ardent lover of the game, but tho public attendance on tho two first days was miserably poor. The half-holiday of Saturday, however, brought nearly 7,000 persons on the ground, and the players who most distinguished themselves were at times loudly applauded. Tho great featuie of tho game was the magnificent innings of Lieutenant Gordon, of tho llth Regiment, an excellent all-round player, who made 121 run's in splendid style, without having given a chance. E. Gregory, of Now South Wales, was the noxt best scorer, with 64, Sheridan mado 43 ; and among the Vic- torians who distinguished themselves with the bat were R. W. Wardill, 55 ; T. D. J. Kelly. 83 ; and D. Campbell, 49. The advan- tage the Victorians have had throughout has been in their superior bowling, that of their opponents being very easily played. When the two elevens had played ono innings each, there was every prospect of the contest being a close one, there only being a difference of 17 in the two scores, 1S1 and 101 ; but the Victorians thon took the bat, and dissipated any such idea by running up a score of 337. When the game was discontinued on Satur- day, New South Wales had lost three wickets for GO runs. Tho full scores of the match, as far as it has gone, will be found in another part of this di.y's issue. THE ENGLISH CHAMPION PEDES- TRIANS. The English Champion Pedestrians mado their second appearance before au Australian public on Saturday, February 12, on tho Mel- bourne cricket ground, and fairly retrieved their lost laurels. There wero nearly 10,000 persons present, and the utmost enthusiasm was manifested. Thp only drawback to tbo success of the meeting was the non-appear- ance of Hewitt, who had sprained a muscle in his ankle, and was unable to run ; but the fine performances of Bird and Topley made up for tho disappointment. The milo race was tho great event of the afternoon, and Bird's running quite electrified the crowd, which became so excited and unmanageable during the lost lap, that tho police werorondored powerless, and tho centre turf was rushed from all sides. It is much to be regretted that Higgins was not fit to go, as, had ho run, a better criterion of Bird's powers would havo been obtained. Mr. Hodgkinson-game efforts wero highly applauded, and ho was warmly congratulated by his friends. He was, however, far from fit, having been ill a day or two previously. Bird came in quite fresh, apparently winning with tho utmost ease, having done the milo in -min. 35scc. Ho showed great judgment in tho way ho ran tho race, and had somo of his opponents done the same instead of forcing tho pace from tho start, tho result might have beon lets hollow, but any one who witnessed Bird's running in the lost lap must have seen how easily he cut down his field at the finish, and that under no circumstances could tho final issue havo been altered. The fonr-milo walk- ing match, which was a splendid trial between Topley and Lyall-the latter having 75 yards' start-created the greatost ex- citement, and tho crowd in their eagerness to seo tho finish, wero very near spoiling it. Topley won, after a very hard contest, by about two yards. Time, 31min, ojsec. Many opinions were expressed as to the fairness of 1oploy's walking-his action induoing some to think that ho occasionally put on a littlo of the sling or shulllo-but wo aro of opinion that ho walked quite fairly. A handsome subscription was collected on the .round, for Lyall, who is a nativo of Australia, as a re- ward for his gameness. The cheering which greeted the performers at the end of the match could have been heard miles off. Bird and Topley have been performing in the principal provincial towns during the lost three weeks, and with unvarying success. The matches arranged to take place in March between Hewitt and Harris, for a total of £500 a-side, are expected to attract an im- mense concourse of spectators. The betting was formerly very much in Harris's favour, but since the Englishmen have shown what they can do after proper training, the backers of the colonial man are not so ready with their offers. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. Tho R.M.S.S. Geelong, Captain R. T. Dundas, left her anchorage at 2 p.m. on the 1st inst, with Australian and New Zealand mails for India and Europe. The P. and 0. Co.'s R.M.S.S. Malta, Cap- tain N. J. Skottowe, anchored in the bay about half an hour after midday on tho 10th inst., from Galle, via King George's Sound, with the European and Indian mails on board. Tho Malta left Point do Galle on the 20th ult., at a quarter post 3 p.m., with light variablo winds, which continued to lat. 10° S. From thence to King George's Sound, whore she arrived on the 10th inst., she encountered btrong S.E. breezes. She left tho Sound on the 11th inst., and mot with light head winds and fine weather until arrival at Port Phillip Heads. After landing mails, passengers, &c;, she sailed from the bay about 4 p.m. at route for Sydnej". STATE or Tu ADE." Wo have no improvement whatever to re- port on the business of the past month. Goods are still accumulating in the hands of traders. Importers can only with extreme difficulty find an outlet for their merchandise, even at the sacrifice they are willing to sub- mit to, and failures and suspensions still con- tinuo to bo reported. This appears to bo a gloomy picture, but, fortunately, compara- tively little distnist lias been as yet exhibited, full confidence being maintained in the gone lol soundness of tho place. The arrival of the mail steamer in some degree helped to dissipate tho prevailing depression. Inquiry was stimulated, and considerable animation was evinced, but that did not last long. Tho impotus thus imparted did not, in fact, go bejond one day's operations at most. Tho moro immediate cause which has. led to this unsatisfactory stato of things is clearly traceable to tho stringent policy which has been adopted by our local bank- ing institutions since tho commencement of tho year, but tho successful floating of the íailway loan on the English market is looked forward to as a means of relief, as it is moro than likely that the inconvenience that might havo been further caused hy the closing of the wool season and the consequent disap- pearance for a time of so favourite a medium of exchange, will be neutralised by the suc- cess of this operation. By a curious coinci- dence, it was decided by tho Government, just previous to the departuro of the last mail, that the remainder of the debentures in the hands of tho associated banks in London should be sold at par, and the letter acquaint- ing the agent- general with the wishes of the Government crossed that of Mr. Verdon's conveying the information that tho sale re- ferred to was completed. At the half-yearly meeting of the Com- mercial Bank, it was stated that the lossos in- curred through Draper's defalcations would amount to £10,000. This sum, together with the bad and doubtful debts mado during tho half year, it was proposed to meet by writing off the capital account 10s. per share. A call of £1 per share has since been made, which viill increase the capital by £40,000. The exports to Victoria for tho month of December amount to £54G,G23, showing a decrease on tho previous one of £75,002. Tiansactions during the month have not generally he-en of an important character. Operations in bulk ales have been enlivened by continued arrivals of the new brew of tho various brands. Sales of candles aggregate 11,000 boxes, though the principal of these havo all taken placo since the mail's arrival. In breadstuffs, as well as feeding grains, only a moderate business has been done. In oils, kerosene figures in the month's sales to the extent or 14,000 cases. Of sugars, some 35,600 bags, largo and small, have been cleared off. These sales embrace the cargoes per G. T. Wray, St. Mare, Isabolla, and Rachel, from Mauritius, and the Jano from Bourbon. In teas, tho offer of the caigo of the Lass of Gawler, and the subsequent withdrawal of tho whole cargo, with the exception of the boxes, is the only prominent feature. The business done in tobaccoes continues to be monopolised by Cameron's goods, very largo sales of whoso manufacture have boon made. A modé- late business has beon transacted in timber. Very extensive public sales of wines and spirits bave been successfully car- ried through, but nothing has beon done privately. Messrs. M'Ewan and Co. have been the successful tenderers for the Go- vernment supply of 1,200 tons of water pipes, nt £7 14s. 9d. per ton. The failure of Messrs. Gough, Kiddle, and Co. was reported last week. At ameeting of the creditors held on the 17th, a balance-sheet, prepared by Mr. W. G. Sprigg, was submitted, showing the direct lia- bilities to amount to £9,955, while the assets, nfc an extreme valuation, were estimated at £7,451. It was further stated that liabilities wei e likely to arise on someof the bills under dis- count, which amounted to £5,895. A proposal «as made to assign the estate to Messrs, Geo. Martin and W. Couche, which at an adjourned meeting on the following day was asreed to. Messrs. Mort and Watson, the well-known Melbourne and Deniliquin traders, havo had likewise to call a mooting of their creditors. A statement of liabilities and assets was sub- mitted, from which wo learn that tho former amount to £21,000, while the latter, after careful re-valuation, are estimated at £10,000. An assignment of the estate in favour of Messrs. James Servico and George Martin vi as agreed upon. Numerous town and country insolvencies of less extent havo also taken place, and somo rather extensive failures in the drapery line are reported from New Zealand. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. There is no chango to report on the rate of exchange for tho presonfc month, Three quarters per cent, premium continues to he charged for GO days' sight bank drafts. Monoy is decidedly filmer, for although wo can hardly yet quote any actual alteration in in- terest or discount rates, the tendoncy is to- wards higher quotations, and, in exceptional instances, from h to 1 per cent, moro has had to be paid. For deposits at 12 months 5 per cent, is given ns the maximum rato allowed, but we have heard of ns much ns C per cent, having likewise been got. For six months' deposits 4 per cent, is obtained, and 2 and 3 percent, is allowed for deposits of three and four months. The rates of discount range nt frorri G to 8 per cent, for bills having 05 to 120 days to run. WOOL. With this month the sales will bo closed for the season. About 3,129 bales were dis- posed of in the course of tho month, aud the prices realised ranged from 5;/d. to 8?d. for greasy, lid. to HAil. for scoured, and 12¡d. tol4.}d. for fleece." The destruction by fire of Flood's wool stores, in Sydney, was reported somo time ago. The loss has been estimated at 1,700 hales of wool. STOCK AND STATIONS. From the Pastoral Times of a lato date, wo leam that on the Bogan tho weather has been cool and cloudy, bnt no rain. On tho Rarwin the heat has been intense, but rain fell heavily immediately after. On the Dar- ling, Castlereagh, Merri Merri, and Martha- guy Creeks the prospects aro better than for many years past. On the Duck Creek, Mara, and Lower Macquarie the grass is high, and the stock fat and healthy. On the Murray, the country looks splendid. In .the northern districts pastoral affairs are said to appoar good. On the Balonne, fine rain has fallen. On the Namoi, tho rains havo not been heavy, but the grass is fresh and grcon. In New England tho thunder showers liavo dono much good. From Queensland wo hear of tremendous thunderstorms. On tho Darling Downs tho rain fell in torrents : tho Conda- mine rose sevoral feet. Messrs. Cadell, West Maitland, havo sold Mr. Rossiter's Guabathoo and Turigoa swamp runs, on tho Merri Merri, with 8.0ÛO sheep, at Gs. 3d., purchoso-monoy equal to £3,000. In Melbourne, Messrs. King and Cunning- ham report tho salo of tho Fiddler's Creek Station, together with 1,150 acres of frcohold land, 40 cattle, 20 horses, a fowshoop, and all improvements, at a satisfactory price. HAKKH AND r-UBLIO COMPANIES. Bank of Victoria.-The thirty-fourth half yearly meeting was held on the 1st inst., Mr. Henry Miller in the chair. The balance sheet for the six months ending 31st Decem- ber showed the balanco of undivided profits from Juno 30,18G9,' to bo £1G.2GQ 4s. Oct., and tho net profits for tho post half j-car, after providing for bad and doubtful debts, to bo £27,803 7s. 3d., making a total of £44,159 12s" which tho directors proposed to appor- tion os follows ;-To dividend at 10 per cent. per annum, £23.000; to bank premises, _2,C00 ; leaving £17,15912s. as tho balance'of undivided profits to bo carried forward. Tho chairman congratulated the shareholders up- on the fact that the directors had been abi- to declare a dividend of 10 peí cent. Tha report and balance-sheet were adopted. Commercial Bank of Australia (Limited). The sixth half-yearly meeting of the share- holders was held on the 7th inst. It had been looked forward to with much interest, in consequehce of the directors having ascer- tained a short time previously that the bank had sustained a serious loss through tho defalcations of their accountant. About 200 shareholders attended. Mr. L. J. Sherrard presided. The following statement was pre- sented to the shareholders :-"The directors had hoped to havo placed beforo the share- holders a moro cheering balance-sheet than that which they havo to submit to them for the period ending 31st December la3t. The causes which havo brought about an unfavourable result aro already generally known to the public, namely, the miscon- duct of the late accountaut (T. W. Draper), who, in addition to the misappropriation oE a large amount of funds of tho bank, has greatly aggravated its losses by permitting unauthorised and improper advances. But for the painful circumstances above alluded to, tho post half-year would have been moro profitable than any previous one,-not- withstanding tho increased rate of inte- rest paid for doposits, and a considerable addition to tho working expenses, without, a corresponding advance in the rate of dis- count and interest received. New branches havo been opened at Collingwood and Dan- denong, tho latter including agencies at Cranbourne and Borwick. These have caused additional expenditure in the first instance, but operations have proved satisfactory as far . as they havo gone. The board, however, regret to say that tho branch at Ballarat has not yet assumed a payable character, nor progressed as might have beon anticipated m such an important town ; but til business transacted there, although limited, is sound and legitimate. The other branches, almost without exception, have exhibited good progress during the by- gone half-year. The board havo caused _ thorough scrutiny to bo mado of the fraudu- lent transactions of the late accountant, and aie satisfied that they havo fully ascertained the extent of tho loss. They havo carefully considered tho course proper to bo pursued in connexion with this loss, and also the losses through bad debts, and havo doomed it ad- visable to make a liboral provision for tho latter. 'They propose to writo off 10s. per share from the capital paid up, which, besides covering the defalcations and bad debts, ad- mits of a reduction of preliminary expenses and stationery to the extent of £2,43214s. Gd., and the carrying forward of £4,000 to next half-year. Tho actual differenco between profits on hand and losses by defalcations and bad debts amounts to £13,507 5s. Gd. Whilst underthenecessity of meeting the shareholders with such an adverso stato of matters, the directors have every confidence in the present position and futuie prospects of the bank." ?J ho profit and loss account, submitted with tho statement of liabilities and assets, was as follows:-Profit and Loss-To salaries paid at head office and branches, £G,20G 0s. 2d. ; to lents and other charges, £3,011 Ils. 5d. ; to interest and exchange paid, £12,G89 3s. Gd.; to balance, £14,003 4s. 4d. - total. £33,90» 19s. 5d. By balance from last half year, £4,140 2a. Gd. ; by interest and exchange received, £31,7G3 lGs. lld.-total, £33,909 39s. Gd. Proposed to bo appropriated as follows : To cover bad and doubtful dobts, £11,03112*. Kid.; to cover Draper's defalcations, £10,518 i7s. ; to reduction of stationery account, £1,030 15s.; to reduction of preliminary ex- penses, £1,30519s. Gd. : to balance carried for- ward, £4,000-total, £31,003 4s. 4d. By ba- lance-profit and loss account, £il,0034s. 4d. ; byproposedto be written off capital paid up, at 10s. por share, on 40,000 shares, £'?.0,000-total, £34,003 4s. 4d. By balance carried forward, £.',000. Thecbaiunan, in moving the adoption, of the roporr, nauatcd atsomclength the cir- cumstances under which Draper had been, employed by the bank. Ho had been, manager of a bank in New Zealand at tho time he applied for the appointment of ac- countant at their bank, and it was given to him on the strength of his tostimoniils, from his well-known ability, and tho fact that, Milli the exception of only one person, he alone was considered competent amongst the applicants to fill the situation. Tho chairman of the day had waited on Mr. Frank Smith of thoBankof Australasia, whichDraperhad been connected with, but fiom which he had been dismissed owing to tbelossof asumof £300 that lind been placed under his coutrol. From the interview with Mr. Smith, tho chairman was led to bel ¡eve that no blame could be attached to Mr. Diaper in the transaction, and he thercfoie received tho appointment. Mr. Shcriard spoke hopefully of the business oE tho bank, and believed that it only required tho support and confidence of the share- holders and tho public to make it a success. 'J ho leport and statement of accounts were adopted. Mr. Moubray and Mr. Peter Davi3 wero elected diiectors in lieu of tho gentle- men who retired, and Mr. Tuckett and Mr. Spiicg auditors. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Rail- way Company.-The half-yearly meerim, was held on the 1st instant. The Hon. T. T "'Beckett presided. A dividend at the rate of 7 percent, prrnnnum wa3 declared, leaving a balance of £4,341 11s. Gd., which tho direc- tor stated would bo expended on nocessary woiks on the lino. The report referred to the "extrnordinaiy reduction" of tho fares on tho Government line of railway to Williamstown, and to the unfair com petition the company was put to with the Sandridge town pier, on which £4,500 had been laid out by Government, while tho company had to bear all the expense of the improvements on the railway pier. The Hon. G. lllrker asked if there was any power to limit tho number of shares to bo hold by residents in England. Shares wero being so frequently triinsfei red to the London register, that he thought it time to tako some action in the matter. The chah man said that tho matter had often been brought beforo tho sharehold- er, mid on ono occasion n motion was moved for limiting tho number to bo transferred to one-half, but it was negatived. Beforo any change could be attempted notice should be given. Allusion was then mado to tho slovenly state a portion of tho company's works lind been allowed to get into. Tho re- « roit and financial statement wero adopted. A'ncnncics having ocenned in tho board of diiectois, the Hon. T. T. A'Bcckctt and the lion. E. Cohen woro ro-elccced ; Mr. De Lillie was re- elected auditor. Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company. Tbo ninth half-yearly meeting was hold' on I ho 7th inst,, Mr. John Bonn in the chair. Tho directors, with some degree of satisfac- tion, submitted a balance-sheet that war- ranted tho resumption of dividends, which, fiom a variety of unfortunate circumstances, had been suspended' for a long timo. Tho Samson steamer, which the company, was anxious to sell or find a trado for, had been despatched to New Zealand, and1 was now runnini. between Auckland and' tho Thames gold-field. Tho directors woro en- couraged to hope that her working would1 be profitable, and ultimately result in a sale. A dividend of 8s. per shore was recommended. Tho report and balance-shcot woro adopted. Mr. Cleveland was rs-elocted as director, and Mr. Tuckett as auditor. A motion for- in- creasing the directors' fees to £150 por annum was negatived. The Australasian Insurance Company. Tho half-yearly meeting was held on the 4th, tho non. James Graham in the chair. Tho directors' report opened with a roferonco to the unprecedented losses that had ooourred during 18G9. moro particularly during tho latter half of the year, on vessels trading be tweon Australia and Great Britain, hitherto considered the best risks. The roports from tho English branch continued to bo of an encouraging nature, and but for the ex- ceptional losses already alluded to, the operations thoro during the past year would havo been vory satisfactory. Tho fiio losses had also been unusually heavy. The balance-sheot for tho half-year ending 30th Decembor, 1809, showed tho expenditure to bo as follows :-Fno losses, £8,258 9s. 3d. : marino losses, £37,038 Sa. 3d. ; oxpenso3 of.. management, £2,038 Cs. Id,; London charger«. £1,271 7s. 7d. ; bad dobts, £1,098 0s. lid. ;. loss on exchange, £310 4s. lid. ; law costs, £308 0s. Id. Total, £51,828 13s. Id. _ho receipts wore as follow : - Firo promisms, £9,602 8s. 3d. ; marino premiums, £37,9011 Is. 4d. ; interest, £793 18s. Ud. ; rents, &c.;, £266 13s. 4d. ; revenue from othor usurees, £20 03. Id. ; profit and loss, £3,_-4i 11s. Total, £51,828 13s. Id.. The directors' ro port and accompanying 8ta"r_ont wero adopted. A motion was submitted urging on tho directors "tboadvisability o£ writing off from capital account to a loss, account tho sum of £72,359 8 _. 4d. deficit to Decembor, I860, also to maV.o such further reduction in tho valuation o,£ the assets as they may dcom. expedient, placing tho sarao as a further re- duction fro _a capital account to tho loss ac- count, w>'_h a view of altoring tho present . value of the shares from 50s. to say 15s. per share, <_>x in reality from tho nominal to tho < real v alue." Af tersóme discussion tho motion wv. withdrawn, on tho understanding that Vac directors gi,yo tlio subject tholr Borious consideration. Tho directors promised to seo whether they could not mako a redaction in salaries. The half-yearly meeting of the ' shareholders in the fire branch then took place. The directors' report showed a clear ' -surplus on the 31st December, 186.9, after nine months' transactions since 31st March, the date of tho first valuation of the com- pany's policies, of £13,279 11s. 6d, It was proposed to declare a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. Southern Insurance Company-The 11th lalf-yearly meeting was held on the 4th inst, Mr. Lorimer, vice-chairman, presiding. In the directors' report (of which we gave an ab- stract in our last summary) the shareholders -were told that during 1869 the number of dis- asters connected with the trade between Aus- tralia and the United Kingdom had been altogether unprecedented, and entailed upon the company heavy losses ; in other directions the business had, upon the whole, been satis- factory. A dividend at the rate of 10 percent. per annum was recommended. The chair- man (Mr. Lorimer) explained, in answer to questions, that the inspection of the London branch by their accountant showed that the business thore was satisfactorily conducted. Mr. Alsop had beon sent from the hoad office to succeed Mr. Paul as secretary in London, in accordance with tho practice of the com- pany, which was to train up its own officers. The report and statemontof accounts were adopted. Messrs. Lorimer, H. Selwyn Smith, and W. K. Thomson were re-elected direc- tors, and Messrs. Tuckott and Langton auditors. National Insurance Company of Austral- asia.-The fourth half-yearly meeting was i heltl on the 4th inst. Mr. George Rolfe pre- sided. The report (of which an abstract was given in our last summary) states that the gross receipts from 1st July to 31st December had amounted to £12,445 6s. Gd., or GO per cent, more than the recoiptsfor the preceding half-yoar. On the other hand, the losses had teen unusually heavy, amounting to £7,324 Is. A dividend at the rate of S per cent, per annum was recommended. Some discussion arose as to tho working of the Ballarat branch. A statement was submitted showing that since its establishment, over l8 months ago, it had yielded a profit of £2,000. The report was adopted. Messrs. Rolfe, M'Clure, and Palmer, of Melbourne, and Messis. Chalmers and Lewis, of Ballarat, were re-elected directors ; and Messrs. Tuckett and Crellin appointed auditois. National Mutual Life Association of Aus- tralasia.-The half-yearly meeting was held on tho 21st inst. Mr. George Rolfe presided. The directors' report showed that during tho four months that the association had been in actual working order, 120 proposals for assur- ances were completed, assuring £55,000, the annual premium income derivable therefrom being £1,900 6s. 5d. From the statement of receipts and expenditure, it appeared that the premiums from 20th August to 31sfc December ' amounted to £1,229 los. 8d.; commission and brokerage, medical fees, &c;, £218 8s. 10d.; leaving a surplus of £1,011 6s. lOd. The re- port was adopted. Melbourno E\chango Company.-The half yearly meeting was held on tho 21sfc inst. Captain Dane occupied the chair. The re- port of the directors stated that tho half year's rent of the company's building, due in January, had been received from tho Govern- ment, and the meeting would, therefore, be in a position to declare the usual dividend. The treasurer's statement showed that, after waking provision for unpaid aud unclaimed dividends, thcio was a balanco in hand of £396 5s. 8d. which would bo sufficient for a dividend for tho half year of £110s. per share. The îeport and balance sheet were received and adopted, and a dividend of 30s. dcclaied, to be payable on and after the 1st March. Geelong Gas Company.-The usual half yearly meeting was held on the 15th inst., Mr. Charles Andrews in the chair. The ba- lance-sheet submitted showed that during the half-year there had been received for gas rates, £2,799 19s. 6d. ; coke, £207 12s. Id. ; tar, £11 7s. 8d.-total, £3,018 19s. 3d. The expendi- ture for the same period, together with allow .ance for wear and tear, depreciation of motei-s, and bad debts, amounted to £1,731 8s. lid., leaving a balance of £1,287 10s. 4d. After providing for interest on loan and deprecia- tion, tho amount placed to the credit of profit and loss (was reduced to £1,161 6s. 2d., from ?which the directors recommended a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum. The re- port was adopted. An amendment, that tho dividend should be at the rate of 10 por cent., was negatived. Messrs. Belcher and Cun- ningham wero elected directors. Williamstown Gas Company.-The half yearly meeting took place on tho 4th inst., Mr. R. Wright in the chair. The report showed that the affairs of the company were still in a satisfactory state, although the profit was somewhat less than that of the preceding half-year, a higher price being charged for the coals consumed than formerly. In accord . unce with a resolution expressed at the last meeting of the shareholders, the directors had ordered a new gasholder, to contain about 15,800 cubic feet of gas. Plans and specifica- tions had heon prepared for constructing the tank, and the work would be proceeded with as rapidly as possible. The balance-sheet set forth that the profit on the manufacturing account was £435 11s. Cd, The balance to the credit of profit and loss was £268 13s. 3d., from which it was proposed to declare a divi- dend of 8 per cent, per annum. The report and balance-sheet having boen adopted. Messrs. Wright and MTndoo weie re-elected directors, and Messrs. Mason and Rees audi- tors for the ensuing year. Bendigo Gas Company.-The half-yearly meeting was held on tho 16th inst. A dividend at the rato of G per cont. per annum was declared. The directors reported a laigo increase in the consumption of gas conse- quent on the reduction in piice that they had beon ahlo to make, through the Govern- ment lowering the charge for tho carriago of coal by rail from Melbourne. Bendigo Watorwoiks. - Tho half-yearly meeting took place on the 8th inst. Mr. G. 1). Carter was in the chair. The îeport of tho directors infoimed the shareholders that the recommendation mado at the lastmoet ing for a reduction of working expenses had been carried into effect. Tho profit for the half-year was £1,49319s., and less the interest on bonds at G per cent. (£651), loft a balance of £842 19s., from which the directors recom- mended a dividend of 2s. per share. Tho re- port was adopted. Agricultural Distillery and Beetroot Sugar Company, Footscray.-A mooting of the shareholders was held on the 21st inst. Mr. _i. Levi read a report from the provisional directors, which stated that the conditions on which the plant, patents, and property of the original company had been transferred to that now formod, had been completed. The ma- chinery was in good working order, but addi- tional stills wero required, tho cost of which would not exceed £300, to mako tho distillery thoroughly efficient. Tho crop of beetroot now growing on tho company's land would bo ready for pulling in about a month, when dis- tillation would be commencod. The crop from about 36 acres of land was expected to yield 14,000 gallons of proof spirits. The re- port was adopted, and the following directors , wore elected :-Mr. James Servico, Mr. Mur- ray Smith, Mr. D. Masterton, Mr. Jacobs, and Mr. N. Levi. Australoskn Woollen Mills Company.-An adjourned half-yearly meeting was held on the 14th, Mr, Thomas M'Comas in the chair. In their report the directors stated that the machinery, mado specially to order in Eng- land, under the inspection of the managor, Mr. Keogh, had just been landed, and it was admitted to bo vory complete, and with all the most recent improvements. The balauco due to the bank for the parchaso of this machinery, and the funds required to erect the plant and to set the mill to work, must now bo raised hythe sale of moro shares, and tho directors urged the shareholders indivi- dually to double the investment, and to got their friends to take shares in oidor to maleo the enterprise yield early dividends. Tho proceedings subsequent to the reading of the xeport wero rather disorderly. Some of the shareholders expressed themselves dissatisfied with the directors for their having mortgaged ? the company's freehold property, for the pur- pose of raising money partly to make arrange ments for getting machinery, and partly to . pay off pressing claims. Tho directors pointed . back to a resolution which authorised them to borrow, but they wore told that as the whole of the capital of the company had boen called np before the loan was effected, they acted illegally in incurring further liabilities. Bo fore any business was dono, the meeting had io bo dissolved for want of a quorum. Australian Meat preserving Company (Limited).-A meoting of the shareholders was held on Fridaj', at Menzies' Hotel, the Hon. R. S. Andorsou in the chair. The busi- ness transacted was not of much importance The draft of tho articles of association was .submitted, and ordered to be referred to a ,, committee, consisting of Messrs. n. Parker and'C. Croaker, to roport on. Mr. P. Hayes, \ ,,/tho manager of the company, informed the , r jmeoting that au account had been opened at à j the Bank of Victoria, and that £342 lui, . r tho deposits received on account of shares, , had been paid in. It was also stated that the j Tshares were being taken up freely. It was I Sífrjeaolvecl that tho minimum number of shares '«:(.»«-._ necessary to qualify a shareholder to stand as a director should he 25, Studley-park Bridge Company.-The half yearly meeting took place on Friday. The directors' report showed that the tolls had been leased for the year at an advance of £191 on the previous rato, the annual rental being £1,202. The reserve fund had been increasod to £3,042 Is. 5d., bearing interest at 7 per cent. ; rents from tolls amounted to £703 IO*. 8d" including £2C0 Gs. 8d. in advance of the present half year ; interest amounted to £88 10s. lOd. Tho total expenditure for the year was £1418s. The report was adopted, and the retiring directors ond auditors wore re appointed. Ballarat Gas Company.-A dividend at the rate of G per cent, per annum was declarad at the half-yearly meeting hold on the 25th inst. IMPOHTS AND EXPORTS. The following table gives the imports and exports of the port since the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1809 : ?Weale Ending Importa. 1S70. Exporta. 1869. 1870. Jan. 1.. Jan. 8.. Jan. 15.. Jan. 22.. Jan. SO.. Fob. Ö.. -Feb. 12.. Feb. 10.. 363,0511 240,004 410,708 817,132 800,507 258,442 227,020 £ 211,187 234,650 288,307 354,003 270,431 854,210 278,440 265,643 £ 207,700 000,200 247 188 418,410 78 500 304,017 323,043 342,372 £ 110,500 673,905 232,037 05,331 145,510 760,002 104,300 109,020 2,417,722 I 2,205,010 | 2 612,250 2,138,433 During the first period the account stood thus :-? Imports __, ... " " £2,417,722 Exports -, " _ .. 2,612,259 Balanco of exports over Imports £94,537 During the second period : Imports . " £2,265,019 Exports .. " .. .. 2,133,438 Balance ol imports over exporto £127,481 Comparing the above periods with each other, the results are as under : Imports In I860 .£2,417,722 Imports in 1870 .2,265,010 Decreaeo in 1870 .. .. _ £151,803 . E .ports lu 1S60 .£2,512,269 Exports In 1870 .2,138,438 Dcore_iolnl870 _ _ _ £373,821 STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourno on February 19 : - Brandy, 4.5G3J hhd., 27,190 cases; rum, 1,390 hhd" 357 cases ; geneva, U0À hhd., 60,989 cases red, 1,917 do. green ; whiskey, 1,288 hhd., 2,515 cases ; gin (sweetened), 31J hhd., 0,513 cases ; cordials. 565 cases ; spirits .of wine, 84?, hhd, ; other spirits, 4,974 cases ; wine, 5,7~4ii hhd., 17,022 cases ; beer, 1,621 hhd., 24,357 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufac- tured), 1,097 half-tierces, 501 quarter-tierces, 10 kegs, 7,582 three-quarter boxes and boxes. 8,8G0 cases ; do. (unmanufactured), 337 hhd. and casks, 507 cases, 1,814 bales j cigars, 5451 cases ; candles, 1,019 chests, 46,003 boxes ; kerosene, 71,447 cases ; flour, 3,408 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 54 packages ; tea, 22,570 chests, 43,113 half-chests, 36,578 boxes ; cofiee, 2,047 bags, 5 tierces, 253 casks, 110 barrels ; chicory. 549 cases ; sugar-Mauritius, 41.GG2 bags; Manilla. 8,410 bags; Java, 16,549'bags; other, 470 tons,. 457 cases and casks; wheat, 3,052 bags; opium, prepared. 48 packages; oats, 902 bags; hops. 1,177 pockets ; rice, 71.692 bogs ; salt, 15,310 bags ; vinegar, 1,100 coses, 492 casks. MELBOUltNB MONTHLY WHOLESALE PlilCES CURRENT. Iho Argus Omeo, Saturday Evento.:. In the Import markets tho month's business pieicnta but tow features of Interest. A good deal of depres- sion has been experienced, relieved indeed for a day or two after the mall's arrival, but with that excep- tion continued throughout the month. Considerable salCB of new season's bulk ale havo beon made Dundoo goodB, comsackB, and woolpacks have besn but littlo noticed. Gunnies now meet moro attention. A Bplrt lu candles after the mall's arrival led to a large business. Transactions in cements, chemical i, chico., confectionery, cordago, fish, and fiults, call for no Bpeclal reforenco. Bicadatuffj have been very quiet, and prices nhow no alteration. Tbo valuo of maize di dined, but has of late been well supported. A con_dorablofa)l in oatshaslikewlsohad to be submitted to. Blasting powder Id Bluggtih. Hopa aro sto idy but we do not luar of much doing. Malt U slightly i Baler. Metals aio not active. In oils, keroscno has boen pretty largely sold ; Chineso oil has advancod In price, but all otlior descriptions ba.o beou neglected. Frovlklons are firmer. Quicksilver Is highor. Klco liai been ilini, but there has boon little inquiry. Salt Is unalteted. Operations In sugar have been on a fair (cale. In teas a good demand has been experienced for rino congous. Tho Lass o' Oawlot'a cargo WHS < floretl for salo, but the whole, with the exception of tho boxes, was »Ithdiawn. Tobaccoes havo been largely told. The public sales of wines and spirits have excited a good deal of comment. Ale and Stout.-Since tho month commonced, busi- ness in this market has beon brisker than ordinary, in In consequence of supplies of the new season's brew of tho various brands having come forward, and sales have been freely mado. Joule's has been disposed of at £8 5s. Mardan, has also been quitted at £8 G<., and owing to the demand for thlB brand It was at ono timo contemplated to advance tbo ptlce. Tho Unit shipment of the Carlisle Company's now carno to hand per Van Diemen and Eurynomo, anti they woro at onco cleared oft at up to £8. M'Ewan and Co 's new lias been eolllug In trade parcels at £8. Tbo first shipment of BasB'a, which arrived by the Harkaway, was landed a few days ago in very primo order. Tho parcel-100 Illida.-was disposed ol in one lino ata price suBtalning the rato of £8 ISs. required for trade .tareela, A shipment of Allsopp, has also come for- ward. Tho Importers ask £7 16s. to £8, according to quantity. Tho only parcel of old left lu the market la of Joule's brand. Sales continue to bo effected at £7 ¡K Bulk stout has been In dom.and for the soldiers no /r going aw ay. A sblpmont of Whitbread _, 40 hilda., was taken up this week, at equal to £0, duty paid, and some GO -lids, of othorbrandsarollkewibosatd to havo gono into the saino hands Bottled ales havo not been characterised by much animation. Tennent'a has met with purchasers at 10s.. Fostor's has also been sold at up to 10s. Wo note sales of Devonian's at 0J. Od., Di. Od., and 10?. Blood's Is quoted at Oi. Gd. Allsopp, can bo purchased at up to 0J. Arrol's is disposed of at Sa. Cd to 8s, 7.Ü. Altkon's Is now firm at 8i. Od., under Which no tillea aro made. For Jeffrey's 8i, tu 8s, 3d. Is quoted. An increased demand for Vaughan. No, S colonial ale, likewise for doublo and treblo stout, is roportcd, and this dcsplto of tho hot woather of tho pasttlireo or four weeks; the demand has not boen confined to Holbourne alono, but many orders have been rccoivod from up country. Tho mukct for bottled stouts appears to bo in an unsatisfactory position, many shipments of somo of the best brandi having arrived out of condition. Those, after many fruitless attempts to quit in the ordinary way of buBlnoss, had to mako tho acquaintance of tho auction market. Amongst these woro con Blderable parcols cf H. Whito and Co,'s. About 2,000 cases of Blood's wero cleared off at prices rising to 7s. For tbo sound of olther brand 0s 3d. continues to be askod. Sales of O'Brien's daggor brand are made at Da. 3d. Burko'a meots with a pretty freo de- mand at Oi. to 0s, 3d. and Oí. 0J. Byass's Is quoted at 8a. 3d. Borthwick's has for somo time past boen sold at very low prices, but wo understand that the several consignees have now agreed not to soil under 8s, to 8s. 3d. Bagging - Cornsacks meet with a moderato inquiry at 11s. (id.; provlous to tbo mall's arrival most holders demanded Ila. Od. ; but no salea could be mu do over our quotation. The heavy shipments ad- vised for December, vi hen the season is supposed to- bo closed, havo greatly disappointed thoso who wore In hopes that the expected advices would lead to an im- provement in price. Tho market at once assumed moro heaviness, and this weok as low as 10s. Cd. in bond, equal to 11s. duty paid, was accepted under the hammer. There is nothing doing In woolpacks, and quotations are nominal at 3s. -Id, to 3s. Cd. Gunnloa aro beginning to command attention. Wo note sales at 7B. 4¡d. to 7a. Od. Hoots and shoos have been vory littlo dealt in during tho month. Generally speaking, almost a _ trans- actions of any lntorcst in theso goodB go through tha suction mart, but tho past four wcoks havo bean barren of anysa'os worth recording. About a hun- dred cases passed tho hammor early in tho month. The gonda being on consignment account, ovory Uno was dispo-od of, but In conscquonco of tbo stato of the market, the pricoi wero not as satisfactory as might havo been desired, and about 100 casos of Stead and Simpson's manufacturo, were sold ou tho 24*.h lust, at fair prices Candles.- For tho first fortnight after the doparturo of last month's stornier, tho market contluued to pre- sent a uioBt unsatisfactory aspect ; tbo only sales that could posjlb'y bo offected consisted of dam igoil lot», disposed of at auction, at prices ran .rag from 0 _d. to lOd. Immediately on tho arrival ol tho Eng.Iili mail tho information was published that tho month's ship- ments did not exceed 42 tons, and that those for tho following fortnight also stood at tho very moderato figuro of OlScwt. ; an Impetus was communicated to tho market, which at once responded, by showing In- creased animation, and consldorablo sales, both to arrive and on tho spot, woro effected. About 2,000 boxos were sold afloat, while some 0,000 boxos for immediate dollvory changed hands at prices rising to lid., and at the lattor fleure tho mirk ot fir the woek closod very firm. In addition to the private aalos reported, about 1,500 boxes were disposed of by auction atl0_d. to lOJd. for slightly damaged. Tho excltsmoet, however, {iroved but vory temporary, considerable doprosnlou laving prevailed throughout tho following woek, when only about 2,000 boxos wera disposed of pri- vately at unto lid., and soma 2,400 boxea saloons were cleared off undor the hammer at 10J. Tho Nova Company, for their brand, maintain n steady quota- tion of 11 jd. The month's salos altogether will aggre- gate 14,000 boxes. Willi our present stock In bond BUndlng at 16,000 boxes, and 1 000 cho.ts of equal to about 10,000 boxos moro, in addition to the quantity held duly paid, It would roally be abiu _ to suppoia tliattlieliiiprovetnentrc.orrcdtoc.il possibly bo per- manent. Against that idoa wo would earnestly em tlon all homo shippers, and point out that tho only thing likely to lead to BO desirable a result. Is the con- tinuance of moderate shipments. Cement has horne ahoavv appearance for the greater part of tho month. OuUldo brands have boen sold at 169., but of lato, as It liai boon found difficult to moot willi a ready sale ovon at such prices, importers have been compelled to »toro shipments coining to han't rather than faco tho additional loss which would have to bo submitted to by accepting lower rates. We still i quota for bcBt brands 16s. to I69. Gil. American plaster la nominal atl2'i. to 12«. CO. Wo havo not, honovor, heard of aDy special transactions. Chemicals havo dragged very heavily throughout tho entiro month, moro especially soda crystals, which have boen sold at all prices down to £0 63. Oí car- bonato of soda wo oro without any sales to refor to beyond tho vory low figuro of £13 10a. Caustio soda has been bold for £17, vainly, however, as buyers havo shown no desire to concede tho price asked. Flour of sulphur Is ia slow sale at £20. Tartaric acid la valued at Is. Gd, to Is. 7.d., and cream of tartar at 12d. to lid., but trodo orders only aro executed at our quotations, as no business beyond that has boen re- ported. Prepared opium has declined to 23s. Od. to -Is., at which, however, only trifling sales aro mado. Chicory.- A very modorato Inquiry Is experienced at up to 23d. for best brands In bond. Colonial grown realises 5d. to .Jd. Coffee-There is llttlo doing la this staple ; tho local demand for trade purposes ia trifling and unim- portant, and tho orders which have beon dono for export havo boen on a most insignificant scale. Stocks in tho hands of tho trado are ampio, so much so that when any parcels outside are placed on the market, eales can only bo eSootod at a considerable sacrifice. From Colombo to the 2-th January, we aro advised of the departure for this port of tho Bello on the- 18tb, and tho Stanley on the 22nd of the month named ; but there was no other vossol loading or to load for tho colonie.. Tho market had advanced, and was still rising. The Belle's cargo comprises, amongst other produce, l18 tons plantation coffee and 17 tons native. Our trado quotations are 9.d. to OJd. for best samples of plantation, OJd. to 7d. for Java, and Od. for nativo Coylon. Confectionery.-Vory little business has boon trans- acted In this markot. Notwithstanding this, however, pricos have been pretty well supported, and wo have, iuconEoquonco.noaltorationtoroterto. Kio!Ier_assort monts command OJ-J. to OJd. Wothorspoon'a are quoted at Od. Wo havo very few sales of this lattor brand to refer to. Assorted candi.d peel has beon sold at 181d.> whilo lomon pod has boen disposed of by auction at 12}d. Wo quoto for jujubes 13Jd. to 14d., but silos havo been mado under tbe hammer as low as 12Jd. Cordage-Bubinets has boen confined to the supply- ing of mero trado wants ; tho demand, however, has boon extremely limited. Victorian-made cordago has been disposed 0! nt S.d. ; a'-sortmoniB of one to four and a half Inch -lzes have been quitted at £03. Flat rope has been cold at £78. Bengal lines aro wanted, but there are none offering. Seaming twines are In very slow sale at 13d. to 18.d. Flour and drain.-The market for breadstuff's has varied little. Supplies of wheat havo beon kept short of requirements, and as every parcel as it carno forward has been eagerly picked up; prices and values, which « oro expected to go lower oro this, havo been well supported. Best samples of Victorian grown bave ranged at from 69. to Ss. 2d. The prico of new flour may now bo quoted £1159. to £1110.., though for tho greater part of the mouth £1110i. his been obtained, while up to £12 has been realised far old flour. Humorous attempts have been mado to sell at auction without any satisfactory result. Tho im- peded arilval at Sydney of tho Voyager, from Call fort-la, on the 1st of February, created some sensation In that markets. Sbo brought |somo 300 tons flour, orle ¡itally Intended for an eastern port, but advices of an advanco in our markot« having readied San Fran- cisco bc-foro loaving, fho was ordered on to Sydney. Hor dates were to 30th November, at which timo tho markets were reported lower. Tho uncertainty re- garding future shipments created an uneasy feeling lnSjdney. Ou tho following day, the 2nd, the arrival at the same port was announced 0! tbo Rover of tho Seas ultu 21.000 quarterbacks Hour, and Californian papers to the nth December. Tho lliavo, Jeannie Pcaro, Bajonnalse, and Norold wera loading broad .tuffs for tho colonies. Information was at name lima received that AuatroHan ordeis for 1,000 tons breadstuff, wore unfulfilled. Tho Bajon naisc, with dates to 1. Ii Decomb-r, and 630 lona flour, also reached Sydney on the Gih ol tile present month. Fleur Ia Sin Francisco was quoted at -Idol, to 4 60dol., and wheat at 140dol. to 1 GOdo!. Notwithstanding theso arrivais, onr own market has not been dttturbed in the slIgnteBt degree. In feed- ing grains, a fair business has been done lately In maizo, a feeling having gainod ground that oMng to Its having gouo i-o freely into consumption for some time post, that prêtent Btocks would baroly last out the Beasou ; prices after touching Ss. 4d £ ? rallied, and 3s. Cd. to 3'. 7d. Is now obtained for reilly good E&mplcB.; Oats havo shown considerable woiknus-i ; the prlco of new Victorian havo gone down to 8s. to Si. 8d. for ordinary, to 3s. 01. for good samples ; prime old New Zealand havo realised 8<\- Od. Brau has beon. .oiling at Is. 2jd. to la. 3d. Melbourne mado oatmeal has been disposed of at £20 to £22 ; New Zealand has been quitted at £18 16s. For poar barley we quote £28. Fish.-Wo havo to report an improved demand. Ling has beon disposed of at Gd. Half-barrels white homings havo beon Bold at 31s. to 32-1. Gd. ; and lib. froth herrings have been quitted at Us. lOJd to 7e. Red herrings, in tins, sound and in good order, realise ', up to 25s. Invoices of mackerel, haddocks, and salmon have met with purchasers at from 7*. f)J. to 18s. DJ. Sardines have been not rid of at tho extrema figures of 10s. Od. to 10s. 7_d. for halves, while quarters havo been sold as high a j 5». 10Jd. lib. ojetera aro quoted at 7s. GJ., and lib. lobsters at 7s. Od to 8s. Fruits,-Without any exception, dried fruits have not shown the slightest animation. Since thomall carno in currants, however, though previously neglected, ob- tained more attention, and sales of medium qualities have heon mudo at 4Jd., while up to Sd. has been re- quired for good to prime samples. Thore has been nothing whatever doing in raisins, nor have tbero boen any indications ol an improvement. Valencia», Elcmos, and Capes bart) maintained a nominal quotation of ..d. Sultanas haio been sold at ad. to 5.d. Muscatels at one time wanted, and saleable at 8d. to Od., aro now quito ovorlookod. Figs, also, owing to tho green fruit, havo dropped out of notice, and are nominal at 8d. Dried apples aro quotod atCJd. to7d. Furniture_Under the hammer, on tho 23rd inst., the following prices wero realised at an extensive »te of American chairs and iron bodsteads. Tbero wai a large attendance of tbo trado, consequently btiik com Setltion was met with throughout :-Com. kalt wood roughtSo. 2d., 3.3d.; Washington do., 3_ fid.; La- fayette do., 3s. 4d. to 3s. Gd.; bent top wood, dark and drub, 3s, Id. to 3s. Gd.; bent rim wood office, drab aod dark, 5s.; Evorott wood, 4». -id.; ladies' dining, S3, to 7s. Od.; brace atm oak dining, 8_ Od.; sorp. Astor Grecian, 4e. Gd. to Is. 8d.; crown top Grecian, 4s. Gd. to £>f- 2d.; com. cane-back rockers, 18s. Od ; crown top do., l8?. 9d.; com. cano-back nurse, 8s. to 0..; brace aim muso, ils. to 13s. Od. ; oval black nurse, l63. Od ; metropolitan nurse, 17«. Od, ; child's wood rockers, 2s. 10d.; Parker dining oak, 7s. Od.; spindle back rockers, 15s. 3d. ; Douglas wood .seats, 7«. ; bent pillar bar- room, Ga. ; desk stools, 4s. lid. ; pivot do., 7s. Od. ; com. wood Bpindle back, 2?. lOd. ; saloon wood scats, spindle back, 4s. Gd. ; children's high maplo, 83. lOd. ; common 2ft. Gin., 2ft. Oin., and 3ft. stump bedstead). 18s. to 13s. Gd. ; bedroom ¡mites, oak, £5 7s. G1. ; painted do., £212s. Gd. Gunpowdor.-Great dulnoss prevails ; thotendoncy during the month has been downwards. Hall's has stood at Gd., but this is almost a nominal quotation. Kalmes is valued at 5d.; parcels, however, could nit be quitted without a concession on that figure, and, I indeed, eales have been made at slightly undor; other brands arc offerlng'at from 4_d. to 4}â. Hops,-Tho market is vory firm ; Inquiry, however, has been somewhat dormant, notwithstanding that homo advices havo beon of a very favourablo tenor indeed. Now 'GO Kents oro quoted at Is. Od. to Is. lOd. ; 'OS's are moro wanted of late, and good quanti- ties of this growth would meet with a ready sale at Is. to Is. 4a. for beBt qualities. Inferior samples of 'OS's have been sold by auction at 8d. to 8}d. ; on tho other hand, we know of holders of superior sa- nplo9 at lr. Gd. to Is. 7d. Bavarian havo boen qulttod as low as 8?d., and Tasmanian at Is Id. Mult-Tbe markot ia a trifle easier since the arrival of the Mail. For trade parcels O'. Od. to 10s. is still asked, but to induce buyers of parcels to come for- ward moro freely holders would not refuse 0d. 31. to Ss Gd. Sales aro not readily effected. Metals.-Little of a very spoclal character has trans- pired throughout tbo month. The Government con- tract for 1,300 tons of pipes was secured by Mcssr'. James M'Eivan and Co. for £7 14s. Od. Amongst the miscellaneous sales reported this month was a line of 2C0 tons piping at £8 10;. Sales of pig Iron have boen recorded at £410s. Wo note a fair inquiry for gal- vanised iron ; Scotched guage has maintained a steady quotation at £2210s. English ordinary brands have boen qulttod at £25 for same gauge, and of best brands ?ales have been realised from time to timo at £20. Lost week 72 cases B.eaby's Iron, ex Savernake, Mel merby, and Kato Kellock, were cleared off by auction at £22 fis. to £2810s. Bar and rod Iron has stood at £0 to £10 10s. Shoot iron baa ruled heavy at £1110s. for assortment« of 8 to l8 ; assortments of No. 1, 20 to 20. aro saleable at £1310s. Plato Iron Is quoted at £11 10s. to £12 ; trado parcels In fair lots hive, however, been sold at up to £18. In hoop iron thera areno sales to report ; tliovaluo Is nominal at £11. Fencing wiro Is in less request, but wo quote prices at about last month's rates, say £1510s., £1610s., and £17 10s. for Kos. 0, 7, and 8. Shoot lead is valued at £2010s. ; colonial rolled only is saleable. Shot Is vory dull at £28; thero is no business to re- port. Tin plates ruo difficult to move, 15 per cont. advanco on invotco is now obtained; this is a trifling improvement on last month's quotations. Munt, motal Is without inquiry ; holders ask 7¡¡d. Ewbank*. nails havo been disposed of at 20 por cent, off list. American nails aro quoted at 10»., but with a vory dull market. Collins'a and Sharpo'u heavy axes realise 72s. Collins, heavy picks aro quoted at 60s. Ames's shovels aro saleablo at Cls. Day's D-D. shovels, 3iln. to 36In., btlng 50s. ; and otlior makers', same siro, realise 4Ss. Hollowaro is disposed of at 80 to 85 per cont. off list. Oils.-Korosono, though looked on with much favour, has not boen dealt in to any great extent, either boforo or alnco tho arrival o' mall advlcos, with tho excoptton of tho week just previous to the steamer's coming in, when buyers bolug mot with a slight concession on rates previously ruling, soma 14,000 casos cbangod hands. Fhotollto was sold at 29. lid. ; largo lines of Brilliant wore quitted at 2" 2d., and Downer's realised 2s. 8d. to 2s. S.d. For the last 10 days holders havo been asking enhanced rates say, from a ponny to three half-penco over tbo prices named ; but that has only had the effect of checking sales. Our dates from Now York reach to 18th De- cember, and wo obsorvo tho departure, In the course of the month, of the Agra, from New York, and tho M'GUlavray from Boston, both for Holbourne. Tho former brings 1,600 cases, and the latter 1,800 casos oil. The Witch, from Boston to Sydney, ha. 770 cases oil. Fivo vosscls wore reported as loading at Now York and Boston for Melbourne, ono for Sydney, and ono for Dunedin. American letters speak of the probable loss of tho Confidence, to Sydney, which had 7,000 cases on board. This vessol, however, reached her destination some timo ago. It is at same time s,ated that some 8,000 casos havo been socured for the Corsica, just placod on tho berth for Melbourno. Castor oil ia quotod at 4s. 4d. in bond also. Supplies aro advised as coming forward from Calcutta, In duty paid oils, linseod maintains last month', rates. Drums ore quoted at 4s., and cask oil at 3s. 8d. Colzi Is slightly easier again. Drums can bo purchased at 4s. 10d" while lo bulk 4s. Od. is asked. Olivo oil Is quoted at Oi. in drums, and 5». Od. in bulk. Holders of China oil now require 4«. 3d. Some inquiry was reported last weok, but as buyers refused to follow tho markot no sales came under our notice. For polar oil £14 is obtained. Oilmen's Storos.-Wo noto a very brisk and satisfac- tory domand at vory extreme figures. Pickles com- mand a very ready sale at onhancod rates. Stower'd have been sold at 8s. 3-1 to S<. Gd, Wyatt'« at 0j.; medium brands bava brought Oa. Od. to 10s.; fine brands, 10s. Gd ; and Crosse and Blackwoll'a bring Iii. Od. to 12s. Assorted bottled fruits havo boen sold at lCs. Gd., and black currants nt 11s. 0 J ; lib. jams have found bus era at from Of. to 81. 01. Salid oils, In quart«, bring 20'. to 21i. Od. Whybrow', pint» hivs been sold at 10.. 01, while up to 12). Gd. hal boan got for bett brands ; from O'. CÍ. to 7«. 3d. is-realissd ' for half-pints. Castor oil, in pinta, has been quitted at Ss. Cd. to 8B. Od.; a line of 170 coses, sold as por samplo, brought only 7s. 3d. to 7f. 10.il. ; in half-pints has been quitted at 4_ lOJd. to Es. Sauces are scarce, and bring GB. Od. to 7s. Sales of Colman, mustard aro re Sorted nt 8_d. per lb., in 71b tins.: lib. tins havo cen sold at 10s. Gd., and half-pound tins at 0s. Sd. Keen's mustard brings Sd. to 8_d. per lb., and pound and half-pound, 10s. 3d. and 03. respectivoly. Salea of Colman, blue havo been mode, at prices varying from OJd. to lO.d. for light and thumb blue; windsor blue realised 9_d. White starch has been sold at Sid., and blue starch at Sd. to 6\<i. Table salt, in jars, is quitted at 4e. 74d. Wyatt and Whybrow's table vinogar brings _??, but we noto sales at 7s. 7Jd. ; colonial vinogar, In bulk, was disposed of at 12a. to 12_d. Canary seed bos beon placed at 2|d. Sago ia moved off at 2\d. Macaroni and vermlcolll have been got rid of at 8_d. to Od. White pepper Is firm at 7d., and black pepper at Sd. Provisions.-A moderate buslnoss has boon dono at generally improving rates. Colonial bacon has risen in value. Sales aro effected at lOd. to lid, while hams aro disposed of at from 12s. to 15d. Buttor has been sold at 8jd. for Kew South Wales, to 101. to lC.d. for Victorlau mado. Colonial cheeso has been quitted at 7d. to Od. ; Imported cheeso finds buyers at up to lGd. and lOJd, Quickallvor bas met with a fair trado inquiry at from 2s. id. to 2». Sd. All the stock held Is In ona hand, and extreme prices must now rulo tor somo time as there Is no advico of any coming forward. Bice.-We note a very quiet markot; business In almost ali descriptions is llmitod to supplying trade requirements. We quoto from £18 to £20 for Patna Advices to hand aro considered very favourable, and undor ordinary clrcumstancos prices must havo gone up; thero is no doubt, however, but that until tho now arrive? full rates will now bo obtained. Our dalcB from Calcutta reach to 17th January ; the Isabolla Brawn and Karnak were both on tho berth for Melbourne, and would ship 176 snd 190 tons rice respectively ; thero was no other vessel loading for tho colonies. No shipments hence are advised from Saigon or Bankok, and the only departure from Batavia for Australia is tho Does borg, for Sydney, but sho brings no rico. Fino Mel- bourne mill-dressed Java brings up to £20 10'. Boedhl Bejah la disposed of at from £18 to £1310s ; and mlll-drcesed Saigon Is quitted at £18. Salt_The market Is neglected, holders ask £ 15s., but only trade parcels can be got rid of at the price. For a Uno of 100 tons sold a few days ago, £4 was accopted. Sugar,-A fair amount of bu-ness in this staple has been transacted, and the market, which in the begin- ning of the month boro a declining tendency, ralilod towards the close, and better pricea havo bee- obtained of late. Our latett advices from Mauritius reach to 14th January, and aro by the Rachel, which vossol arrived last w eck. The markot has been much firmer since. The following aro tho principal sales :-Tho cargo of the G. T. Ray, which arrived at the closo of last month, was offetcd far Bale on the 3rd inst. The cargo amounted to 7,805 bags. The Importers went In for higher price, and in consequence thore waa little disposition evinced to operate ; nevertheless tho brokors succaoded in disposing of 0,000 bags at prices which established all round a rise of at least 80s. on late auction sa'ea. Râlions realised 20s Od. to 80s. 3d.; ls-w and j ellow grainy brought 82*. Od, to 83>. 3d. ; good to fine yellow, 34s Od. to 37a. ; and middling to Uno while, 80s. to 41a. A day or two previous tho balanco of the Jane's cargo of Bourbon sugars was offered, and about 3 225 boga Wera quitted at satisfactory prices. At the sale on Mouday the 7th Instant, when the cargo of tho St. Mare waa offered, considerable heaviness was evincod in tbo biddings. The brokera got rid of 7,000 bega on slightly castor terms. Bâtions realised 201. 8d. ; lew j ollow grainy sorts brought 32a. to 33s ; good to fine yellow, 84s. 3d. to 87a. ; and middling to fine white, 30s. to 40s. The damaged portion of the O. T, Ray's cargo, about 2,250 bags, was disposed of on Thursday the 10th, at well- sustainod rates. At the closo of the week a good inquiry was experienoed privately,and several falrlines.aggrogatingS.OOO bags, were cleared oil at £30 to £38 for brewing crjstals. At tho public salo on Wednesday tbe 10th advanced rates w ore realised ; the cargo offered was the Isabella's, and consisted of 4,000 largo and 4,000 small bags. A largo attendance was attracted, aud as considerable spirit was InfuBed into tho bidding», tho entire cargo MHB speedily run off, with tho oxception ot about 400 bags, nt prices which on the whole show a decided rise on previous rates, and establish an advance of at least 10s. all round. The balanco of the St. Marc's cargo, amounting to 2,070 bigs, was taken up on Thiirsdaj-, tho 17th, at full current ratos. Silos privately of about 1,800 bags, ex Francis Bandela, wero also reported at prices rising to £3310s. for good brewing cr} Btals. On tho 24th the Rachel's cargo, amounting to 7,800 bags and poekots, was submitted to public competition, aud about 7,035 packages found buyois at prices in advanco ol previous rates ; some 1,600 bans on the same day changed hands privately at from 35a. for yellow crystals to 4ls. for good white. Tea,-Messrs. James O. Robertson and Co. report on tho past month as follows : - " The mall steamer Malta arrived on tbe IGth Ina t., with dates from Hong Kong to 11th January, and Foo-chow to 4th January. Since the date of our last monthly report-31st Jan- uary-a fair amount of buslnoss has been got through. There h»B been less pressure on tho mar- ket, this has Imparted a filmer tone, and purchases cannot now bo concluded on as favourable terms. The tendency to improvement in tho liner descrip- tions relerrcd to in our lost has continued. To a great extent tbia may bo attributed to the increased consumption consequent on the lu.v figures at which they were quitted at tho com- mencement of the season. Soveral large specu- lative purchases have been concluded in anticipation of arise, which we havo no doubt will shortly be ob- tained. Stocks In Importers' hands are almost ex baustcd. The teas ex Ellen Morris, which arrived on the 23rd Inst, are of a vory suitable character for this market, being good true congous, with great strength and a well made loaf. Foo-chow dust and Bitting- havo been neglected, but for the leafy kinds at 0U. to lOd there bas bom occasional demand for export. Ordinary to good ordinary aro not much inquired alter, and prices remain unchanged. Fur mixed-leaf kinds to mixed-leaf kinds with little flavour a fair demand has been experienced at la, Id. to Is. 3¡d. Blackish-lent kinds to blackish-leaf kinds strong with flavour havo sold at la. 4Jd. to le. 7d. Kaisow kinds rather strong have been in vory good demand throughout the month at Is. 7Jd. to la. 10d., and for pekoe, souchong, and pekoe flavour Is. lid. to 2s. 2d. hai been o&slly; obtained. Old teas are neglected. Oreen teas are as stagnant as ever. In ecentod orange pekoe stocks are large, and prices in conBequenco are nominal. Auction Sales.-February lBt.-About 1000 packages ox sundry vessels. Feb- ruary 0th.-The cargo ot tens ex Lass of Gawlor was offered-1,480 chests, 2,884 chests, and 1,603 I boxes, comprising chiefly common congous nearly all, with tbo exception of the boxes, which brought fair figures, wore passed in. Ono small break of common congou sold at Is. 2Jd., showing an advance of fully l.d. per lb., also a broak of low medium brought la. 4d.- about current rate. The cargo would in all likelihood havo boon sold at figures sustaining current ratea had the importers not held for an advance. February 11-The damaged portion of the Lass of Gawler, shipment, 517 pick ages, fetched middling prices. Arrivals during the month :-At Melbourne, Feb. 23, Ellen Morris, from Foo-Chow, with 233,3001b. ; passage 02 days. The de- liveries for the paat month have beea 612,1811b., against 142,0281b. at same time last year. The Block in bond in Melbourno on the 10th Inst was 4,S40.C621b., against 5,604,5811b. on 2nd March, I860. Our quotations aro :-Congou-Dust and alf tinga, 7_rd. to Od.; broken Foo-chow, Od. to O.d. ; ordinary to good ordinary, 10_d. to 11) d.; mixed leaf kinds, 1B. 0_d to le. 2d. ; do., with little flavour, 1B. 2_<1\. to Is. S.d. ; blackish leaf kinds, 1B. 4_d. to Is. 5d. ; do., strong, Is. 5_d. to Is. Od. ; do., strong, with flavour, Is. Cd. to 1B. 7d. ; do., kaisow kinds, rather strong, Is. Sd. to Is. lOd. ; do., pekoo sou- chong and pekoe flavour, la. lid. to 2s. Od. ; do., fine rich pekoe-souchong flavour, 2s. 3d. to 2s, 4jd. ; do., very fine do., 2a. Ed. to 2s. 7d. ; souchong, common, la. to Is. 2d. ; middling to fine, Is. 3d. to 1B. 4d,; orango pokoo, scented ordinary and broken, le. 3d. to Is. 4d. ; do., good to fine, Is. Od. to la. 8d. ; do., finest country kinci, la. lOd. to Is. lid. ; caper, scented, common to middling, la. Id. to Is. 4_d. ; do., middling to fino, Is. Ed. to 1B. 7d. ; young hyson, common, lid. to Is. Id. ; good to fino, la. Ed. to la 8d. ; finest, none ; gunpowder, Canton, good to fine, 10_d to Is. 8d. Abovo quotations aro at per lb. In bond for chests (boxes being worth 2d. per lb. more). Duty on tea In Victoria 3d. per lb." * Timber.-The month opened out with less depres- sion, and a considerable alteration for the bettor was perceptible. A decided improvement In de"s wau experienced. Stocks of Baltic deals aro getting into a narrower compass, and as supplies fall off piicea ore likely to got firmer. Oregon timber has brought an advance of at least 10 per con t., and weatherboard! havo realised within a trifle of what was pre- viously belog paid for best Baltic flooring. On the 4th inst. thero was Bold, ox Martha Rideout, 26C,011ft. Oregon squaro timber-20 x 20 brought £3 12s. Cd. ; 10 X16, £8 10a. ; l8 X l8, £8 5s ; 14 X 14. £8 2a. Cd. ; 12 x 12, £7 16s. to £8 5s. ; 10 x 10, £7 10s. to £7 12e, Cd. per 100ft. Buper. ; 01 830 pickets, 6ft., woro placed at £6 per 1,000. Ex Sumatra, 03,f_8ft. four out whito weatherboards, all faults, sold atOs. 3d. toOs. Od. per lOOit. lineal. Ex Moloourno, 10,000 palings. 0ft., 16s : 5ft. realised 10j. 3d. per 100. Ex Tasman, C.OOO Oft, pilings were fotcbod at 13s 3d. do. ExSouthornOro .,3,360 0ft. do. fetchod 14a. do. On the same day tbero was sold, ex Talisman, 16,200 pieces red Baltic deals, at 4_d. to 4j¡d. per foot for 0 x 3\. ExSchoolboy, cargo codar loga Bold atlOs 3d to 20a. Gd. per 100ft.; pine loga, 10s. 3d. per 100fr. Kx Urania, cargo of cedir logs fetched 16s. to 18s. per lOJft. Ex Lookout, 000 spokes were quitted at l8". Cd. per 100\. lix Storm King and Callender, cedar and scant- ling booids realised 13s. to 15s. per 100ft. Tho fol- lowing week the market was devoid of animation, littlo could bo dono privately, and no public sales ( f any description carno off during the week in Mel- bourno. At Geelong, howover, ino cargo of deals ex Mina was disposed of. J. D. and Co. deals realised 4_d" and D. D. D, ' brought 424. On tho 16th thero was sold, ex White Swallow 36,047ft. T. and G. spruco, which realised 0s. to 6s. 3d. por 100't.; 2 409K. white pino shelving brought £1010s. per 1,0001t.; 20,000ft clear pino, £14 to £14 5a. do,; 60,000 4ft laths, 20,. Gd. per 1,000. Kx Eliza and R. V. Buck-109,000 4.ft. laths fetohed 27s. per 1,000; 22.0CO 4ft, da., 20s. do.; 8 060 Eft. pickets, £017s. Cd. do ; 82,625 4f. and 4_tt. do.. £0 15s. do.; 1,417 clear pino deals, £1017s- Gd. to £11 2s. Gd. por 1,000ft.; 1000 spruce deals, 2d. 0-lGtha to 2Jd. por root, 0x3. Ex Oauthlod-7,8670 x 8 and 11 x 8 rod Baltic deals wore quitted at 4_d. to4d. 0 lGtbs per loot 0x8. Ex Conquest-800 doors wero sold at 11s. 3d. to 22s. Od. each. Ex Agate-33 doora, damaged, wero quitted at 0a. 3d. to 10s. Od. each. Ex Hector-7,000 8ft. palinga realised 14«, per 100 ; 21,000 5ft. do., 0s. 3d. to 11B. do. ExBollaVista-10,00061tpalings wero gotrid ' of at 0s. Cd. to 10a. 8d. per 100. On Friday, the 18th, ox White Swallow-20,000ft whito pino T. and O. flooring were placed at £5 IÖJ. per 1,000ft ; 00,000ft. cloar pine brought £18 to £13 6a do. Ex Grace Darling, & .. 10,000 0ft. palings realised 13s. Gd. to id. per 100; 1,000ft. hardwood, 7»- Od per 100ft.; 16,000 5ft. palings, 10s. Cd. to 10s. 9d. por 100. Tobacco.-At the departure of the lait mail tho market showed quietness la tho early part of the first woek, but towards tho close considerable excitemsnt arose in consequence of tho report that hoavy silos of Cameron, manufacturo had beon mado to arrive. Two shipments, the Eurynome.- and tho Carlisle's, amounting to over 1,000 packages,' Venus and Two Seas teni, Spirit of the Times half-pounds, aud Raven and St. Andrew's twist, changed handi at prices fully equal to pievious auction sale rates ; and, as there was only one shipment left avallablo for the general trade, tbo van Dlemon's, which waa t-> bo offered by auction on the Wednesday fallowing, inquiry had been stirred up, and attention was also directed to lower grades of tens, of which it appeared that there was very little to be met with in the rnaikot. At the several auction salon ovury packugo offered during the week was disposed of, and alto- gether a very healthy feeling poivadcd the market. By auction, on tho 2nd, a fin ill parcel of damaged twist was disputed of at Is. 3Jd. to 1). 3id. An ex- tensivo calo was also held at the various bonds, when tho auctioneers mcceoded in clearing out every line offered to tbo extent of 4G3 packages. Twists, ne cai ding to quality, brought from 4Jd. to Is. ljd. ; No'tbtm tens realised 7d.to8d. ; aromitlo pounds and halveB wero quitted at 4d, U>8d ; fancies, assorted, bl ought fiom GJd. to Od.; and .ila-k halvoa, 6Jd. to lid. Tho tobacco consisted chiefly of nld shlpmonts. During the following wutk, ending 12th inst., an ap Ecarance of liveliness was maintained, A lino of 50 alf-tloicis Black 8«an was placed on private terms at the sale of Cameron's shipment per Van Diemen, Tens realised as high as Is. 5d. to 1», 5jd , and fives lp. .jil. Atsotno time there wero a'no disposed of half pounds at 8}d. to Is. 2d. ; twist, damaged, at Is. _]d. to Is. 3}<l. ; aud damaged tens at fi^d. 'the arrival of the mail has had a favourable off.c5 upon tbe maiket, and -ovoral parcels ol various desaiptions have changed hands in consequeu.e. Amongst other sales 200 packages Cameron's tens were rt ported an having been placed atan ad- vanco on previous quotation». Tno domand f.ir export «as somewhat dull, owing to shipments having reached tho other colonies direct from Amorica. Trio auction sales wero not of much account; 20 half tierces Shellard were quitted at 13..I., and a small lot of damaged Raven nos alco sold, -ho shipments advised from America do not exceed 230 pack- ages by the Agra, while 209,0211b, come from Llverpt o'- Regarding further .uppllos, Messrs. Cameron's agents hero report th.t they are only advised by tilla mall of 107 tbrco-quarler boxo. Two Sens tens, with a few lives, and 50 packagos Raven twist, as having boen shipped to this markot. Our advices further state that willi the exception of J. K. Childrey, who is putting up a few twists, all tho factories in Virginia were closed, and as tho riso in the leaf and fall in gold will and 2J. to 3J. to tho cost of all tobaccoes, it is fully anticipated that oven tho exceptionally high prices now ruling for Buch as Cameron's make will bo fully sustained. The first consignment of Black Swan twist to tho now agents has just como to hand, Tho shipment was offered hy publia auction on tho 23rd, and offers cioso up to importers' limits were mado, but refused; tho pareil will llkoly bo sold privately. Our quotations are :-Low sound common tenB and half-pounds, 7d. ; medium, Od. to Is. ; Catnoron's tenB, Is. Bid. to Is Od. ; aromatic half-pounds and pounds, nominal; fanctos. la. 3d. to Is. Gd ; Navy's, Is. 3d. to Is Gd. Twist -Kerr, Is ; Quot-u of tho South, 14d. ; Black Swan, Is. 3d ; St. Andrew, In. 5jd. ; Itavon, Is, Gd.; Barrett, Is. Gd Ormond Swiss cigara, S5s. ; Manilla, no stock, SOs. to 86s. ; Gera an cigars, 30s. to 50s. ; Hamburg, GOa. to 120_ ; comm in Havannabs, £8 ; medium, £10 to 15s. ; fine, £20 to £30." Wines and Spirits,-A large business has been done in this maiket thiough the auction rooms, but it has been found ntxt to impossible to effect salespiivatoly, at least in anything ilka pateéis be. ond trado require- ments. On the 10th instant tho auction salo resulted in the disposal of 300 pipes, butts, and quarter-casks wine, besides a few ci-es. Oidioary ports realised from £8G to £37. A parcel of ordinary shorry brought £31, aud good to fine medium was dis- posed of at £41 10s. to £50. tow port wine was got lid of at £18 lOi to £20 10s., and ordinary at £85, while low sherries wero dlspoied of at £1610s . and low ordinary to medium sherrieo at £23 to £52. An extensive sale, 10 da) a ngo, in the trust estate of F. 0. K'omm, excited a good deal of attention. Fino old brown sherry, in bond, realised £100 per butt; old madeira, £127 10'. per butt, In bond; Wachter's champagne, 64s per caso, ia bond; low ordinary champagne, 15s. Gd. por case, in bond ; HuntV, Forrester's, Cockburn'«, aud Sanderson's porte, £27 10s. to £41 perpipe, in bond ; Silva and Cosons _ port, in bond, £80 per pipe ; Gould Campbell's port, £72 10s. per pipe. In bond ; fine old tawuoy port, £100 to £11210*. per pipo, in bond ; gouloti sherry, £102 10s. per butt, In bond J Amontillado, £100 to £110 per butt, in bond ; rum, 3s. Od. per gallon ; low sherries, £12 lo £14 per butt, in bond ; lo* ordiuary shot/lea, £27 per butt, in bond ; claret, In bulk, 8s. 3d. to 4_ pot gallon, In bond ; low red wlno, £1715a. to £1010s. per pipe, In bond ; Victorian wines. 2J. tu ii. lOd. por gallon, according to condition ; Victorian wines, lu bottle, sold at 7s. to 21s. por dozen. At a large sale cf spirit., Martell'a dark brandy was quitted at 0s. lOJd., whilo Central brandy was cold at 6?. Under tile hammer, some 67 hhds., GO quat ter., and 330 cisoi Warrenheip geneva and whiskey, wero cleared off The tulk FBlrlts brought ii. in bond. Tho case vvhlbkcy sold at 10s, and tho case geneva at 13_ Gd , also in bond. Fllty-nlno hhds. and quarters Bli quit Debouche's brandy wero at same timo taken up at 5s. lO.d., while the case of this brand realised 17s. Rlzat. bulk was sold at 8i. lOJd. to 4s On the 8ih mat., 120 qcartor casks and 48 hhds. pilo and dark old Otard's brandy were got ria of at 0s 3d., showing a considorablo declino. Illa following silts of brands were effected in Klemm's estate :-Martell'a old 1802 brandy brought 12-1. Gd per gallon, in hoad ; Central V., palo, 4B. 10_d. per gallon; Renault'., 5s. "id. per gallon ; Compain, pale, 5F. 3d per gallon ; Hennessy'a old pale brandy. 0-. 3d. to 0J. Od. per gallon; Otard's old pale, 7s. Od. to 8s. per gal- lon ; alEO, fino old brandy, 1827, in caso, £8 per dozen, duty paid ; old 1547, dark and pale, £3 10s. per dozen; Otard's clark, 61H. por dozen; choleo parcel dark brandy, 65s. to 70J. per dozen. In the oidlnary way of business Jlttlo has been done, the Bales iffecttd privately being extr moly trifling. Quotations for Marte'l'a aud Hennessy's nominally rule at 7e. to 7a. 3d. ; Otard's stand ¡it Gi. Od. to 09. 01. ; C. V. P. and Vincgrower'fl aro quoted nt 0_ Gd. ; Asso- ciated Vineyard brings Ga. ; B. Frere is quoted at 6s. 3d. ; and Central Vineyard at 6s to 5s 3d. Casa brandies are firm at 22s. Gd. for Hennesse.'»; Olard'B. Is quoted at 24». ; and M.rtoll's at 24s ; Renault's commands 21B. WO observe that after an interval of years, regular shipments ore again coming forward of United Vineyard case brandy-a standard brand vory much liked In this markot; salts are being made at 22s. Gd. By the mall to hand advices have been received that tho opening price of brandy for the year was 11 Of. per hectolitro, betrg 30f. under tbo price of the year before. Wo have little to report in favour of rum, few or no salCB have beon effected ; attempts havo been made to sell at auction, without success ; we quote 10 per cent, at 3s. Od. to 4«. Geneva likewise obtained not tho slightest attention. JDKZ, short strength, has been sold at 123. ; full strength brings 14s.,V.H. and Co., IS?., and Boll brand, 15s. Whiskey has been sold at 3s Gd. to 3s. Od. Sir R. Burnett's old tom Is quoted at 13s. SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mr. DE BEER report« :-" Considorablo activity in shipments of produce has prevailed sinco de- parture of last European mall, tho number of ships and aggregate tonnage which havo loft fully equalling that of the preceding period ending 31st ultimo. Tho departures to bo noted om braco the Loch Eatrino, Thomas Stephens, Empress, Wave of Lifo, Anglesey, Jerusalem, Kont, and Dunbar Castle, leaving on the berth the Man- galore, Loch Ness, Walmer Castle, George Thompson, li hito Rose, Yorkshire, Lady Jocelyn, Orwell, and Truo Briton, tho majority of which aro being actively filled up, and tbo whole will as usual be despatched on their appointed dates. Tho wool reaion being now about Ita cloao, the quantity of that staple offering for shipmont during the month hoa been limited, and consequently th» competition to secure it has had a depressing effoct upon rates of freight ; and although they aro nomi- nally tho tame as ruled last mouth, viz., .c1, and ljd. for scoured and greasy wool respect!yaly ; tallow, 40s.; leather, 60s. ; prcsorved meats, 40. ; bark, 40s. ; copper ote, 2s, Gd., it is understood that shipments havo been arranged for at some reduction on theso IiguK6. Early In tho month our Government adver- tised for tenders for the convojanco to London of the left wing of tbo 14th Regiment, for several years stitioned hero, comprising, with officers, women, and childi cn, about 450 adults, which wa. responded to, ns ia reported by the agoms of tbe Lady Jocelyn, at £18 10s. ; Savernake, £10 10s. ; Caducons, £1G 10;. : Walmer Castle, £L3 17s. The latter Bhip, belog lu every respoct unexceptionable, haa been accepted ; but the low rate at which ehe is said to bo tai en up has exoited both surpiiso and a good deal ol comment by those in- terested in shipping and commercial matters. The number of passengers who havo left for Kngland has been upon a fair .colo, aud this branch of buslncBB may bo said to be brisk. The ships Dbulcep Singh and Kirkham, after discharging their inward catgoos, left this for Sydney, to load there direct for London. The Coleroon and Joshua Bates have Eailod for Hong Kong with Chinese paseengorn, tho former with only about 100 head, the latter with almoBt a full complement; and thoTheophauehas been despatched for Madras with a full load of bor.es, on the terms stated in my last ad viccB. Very few foreign charters have to bo mentioned, Ibis branch of business having been unusually quiet and stagnant during tho month, and the only engage- ments to bo referred to aro the follonlng, viz. :-XB.i Harkaway, 840 tons register, horses to Bombay, at £860 ; the Amoy and Nouveau Nomado, with nono manure fjr Colombo, at 20s. per ton; aud the Norwegian barque Talisman, Mauritius to this port with sugar, at 40_ per ton. Cjal freights from Newcastle to ports lu Indli and China, as also to San francisco, havo participated in the general dulnesa aud depression of tho month, tho majority of shipmasters preferring to loavo in ballast rather than accept the low rates offering, conse- quently for this employment but few transactions fall to be reported, embracing argonaut, for Shang hal, at 24s.; the It. P. Buck, Savernake, and Con- quest, for .an Francisco, the two formor, at 26s. tho latter at 27s. Gd. For Uong Kong the highest rato offering has been 16s. Gd., which as jet has failed to Induce business. Our 'utercolonlal trado still romain, depressed, and coal frelghrs from Newcastle to Hob son's Bay are nominal at tho ,10» rate of 1 Is. per ton. It 1» gratifying to bo In a position to ad viso that a new Hue oi steam communicaiion with England has been.initlated by an enterprising American company, who, taking advantage of tho opening of tho line of railway between San Francisco and New York, have through their representatives in Sydney chartered tor a period two of tho finest steamers belonging to tho A.8.N. Company of that port, for the servico no twoon the Australian and Noy Zea'and ports and Honolulu, aud the trafilo will be oponed by tho Bteam thip Wonga Wonga, which is advertised to leave Sj liney on 20th proximo, and thoro can be no doubt that this route will become a popular ODO with pas- sengers so soon as tho company have the line Buppllod by tho large and powerful -teatuors they contemplate The agency of the company at Melbourne has been Ê laced in the banda of Ino old-established firm of lessrs. Osborn, Cushlng, and Co. Owing to tho con- tinued low rates of freight ruling both in the colonial and foreign trades but littlo disposition exiBts for in- vestments in shipping, and tho only sale wbieh has transpired ii that of tho baique A>ia, 308 tons register, built at Montrose in 1859, then nine years Al, but tinco ro-cla-scd A Lfor six year», which brought £3,300. It is the intention of her new owners to employ bor lu trjo «haling trade." REVIEW Oh' THli STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Tlicro has been a relapse into comparativo dulnosx aftor tho briskness which characterised a portion ot the month of January. The excitement which carried a few stocks to a greatly advanced pitch was not wholesome, and tho inevitable reaction «uporvenod. Investments bave not undergone any serious altera- tion in price, the general tendency being, however, downwards, owing to the competition of tho banks of issue having increased the market value of money. The banks have been pajlne as much as 0 per cent, per annum for fixed deposits, and as tho lnvostmont c-f capital ia bank stocks will not produce more tbau 0} to 74 per cent,, it is obvious that 0 percent, certain will have many admirers. Government debentures nmaln tolerably firm under tho circumstances; silo« of sixes at 110}, and that is asked. The sale of one and a half million 6 per cents, at £101 5s. 9J. averago In London Is considered satisfactory. Melbourne Cor- poration sixes aro taken as wanted at 107, but tboro is no constant request for these or any other dobonturo bond'. In banks the principal ovent has been a fall in National from £G 12a. Od. to -£0 Is., followed by a rally to £0 4a. Cd. Tho decline was caused by inju- rious rumours regarding some of the loading official», which havo not been substantiated. Another promi- nent occurrence has been tho writing off by tho Com- mercial Bank of 10s. per share of its capital (say from £5 to £4 10s.), In order to cover the defalcations of the late accountant of tho bank, Mr_T. W. Draper. A call has just been made of £1 per share, which, when paid, will raise tho paid-up capital to £220,000, or £5 Mi. por share. The trial of Draper resulted in a con- viction, and the judgo who tried him surprised every one by tbo lightness of tho sentence imposed only onoiycar. Impti.onment, with hard labour. In gas shares tboro has been no move. Insurance shares btwo geneially declined. Australasian Fire fell from 14s. to Ss. Gd The mining markot has beon comidorably depressed, and until calls aro lessened, or dividends increase, there is no ceruln prospect of permanent improvement. Tho revival of quirtz miningnt Bendigo has been a redeeming feature of the market; and the splondkl yields and dividends of the Great Extended Hustler's Company have raiaod tho prlco of shares fully cent, per ceut. slnco this day month. Stringer's Creek minea arc in fivour. Clunes stock dull, except for How North Clunes, which movo tff gradually, at reduced prices tinco last mall. Egerton very dull. - Tho alluvial mines of Ballarat aro not blooming In the market. In many cases a scilous secession in pilco has occurred, and advances are never long sustained Delenturcs-Sales of Victoria Government sixoi at 110, HO}, and latter is asked. No movomont ni fives, ¡sale of Molbom-no Corporation sixes at 107, 1071\. Banks -Ballarat Bank nominal. Colonial B___ sola at £617s. Od., £018s., and £7 asked. Commer- cial Bank sold repeatedly at £4 7s. Gd , £4 7s ; slnco the call was announced the prlco went down to £4, at which tho market may now be quoted. National Bank soli at £012». Gd. down to £019., and latest tales al £0 4a Gd., market firm. Bank of Now South Wales aro nominal at quotations. Bank of Vic- toria are at £30 toilers, and £33 might bo got Land Mortgage Bank taken at £2 7s, Gd, and wautod still ut that figure; holders aro firm for an ad vane J. Gas Companies.-Molbourno Gas are at £6 2a. Od. sellers and not in much demand. Collingwood Gas aro to be bad at £8 5". hone of tbo otherd momloned. InBuiance Compani _ -Australasian Fire havo gono down from 14s. io 8'. Cd sales, and sailors not tariff this price; the company h_ had very bad fortune of late. Berne of the shareholders think the management might bo improved, aid threaten to tako some formaLstcp iu that direction. Australasian Life havo been dealt in frequently ; eales havo been chiefly at 17s. Cd,, and tho market is supported at that. Australian Alliance wanted at 25a , and 27s. Cd asked. Kational Fire Insuranco dealt In occasionally at Sa. to 5a, 3d. Sales of Suithcrn Insuranco a'. 23s, Cd. to 24s. Gd : market quiet, but holdora rather firm. No Bales of Victoria Llio Insurance. A parcel of Victoria Flro and Marino sold since last mail at prices withhold. Miscellaneous Coini-anlCB.-Hobson'a Bay Railway sold at £52 10d. to £53. The yields of diamonds from tbo Australian Diamond Mino» Compmy aro now weekly, and some gold Is ulso being obtained. '1 he dividends duo or declared during tho four weeks sirco tho lost mall drparturo amount to £U2,35S Of this sum £67,768 i. derived from banking, railway, gas, insurance, and other public companies, as de- tailed below. Mines divided £64 GOO, viz, 28 quartz mines, £30 200 ; and 13 alluvial, £18,400. The divi- dende from quartz, it will be observed, aro nearly double the amouut derived from alluvial under- takings, and this particular fact coincides with tho general Impression that quartz-mining will stea- dily increase in its results as alluvial mining declines. 1 bo dividends in detail havo beon :-For week ending Fobruaiy 5-Bank ot Victoria at rato of 10 pee cent, per annum (£25,000); Hobson. Biy Railway at rate of 7 per cent, per annum (£18,714) ; Southern Insurance at rate of 10 per cent, per annum (£5_"0); Ballarat Banking Company at rate of 10 per ceDt. per annum (£2.61)0?); Australasian Life Insurance at rato of 10 por cent, per an- num (£1,250) ; National Fire Insuranco Compar- ât rato of 8 per cent, por annum (£060); Willlami town Gas Company at rato of 8 per cent, per annum (£200) ; Albion Tribute, Bendigo, £43 per 82nd ; Anna- bella, Hun-ly, 2s. Gd. por 3,200th; Bind and Albion Consols, 3a. per 22,500th ; Bonshaw Freehold, 15.. por 3.300th ; Ellesmere, Bendigo, Gd. pcrl4,O00th ; Guidon Bower, Donovan's Creok, la. Gd. por 3,000th; Golden Sircom, 10a. por 2,000th ; Homo Reef 2s. Gd. per700th ; Ironbark, Bendigo. Od. per 0,000th ; New North Clunes, Clunes, £3 por 2,050th; Park, Ballarat, 103\. per 12,S00th ; Wellesloy, Stringer's Creek (final) 28f. Gd. per 1,2001b. For week ending February IS- Pend'go Waterworks Company, 2s. per 8,805th (£830); Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company, 8s. for 4,575th £1,830); Albiou Tribute, Bendigo, £16 por 32nd ; Annabella, Huntly, 2s. por 3,200th; Oicswick Grand Trunk, £3 per 613'.h; Freehold United, Hepburn, 2s per 3,000th; Galatea, Scarsdale, 7a. Gd. per 2,100th; Golden Lake, Springdallah, Sa. per 4,4000th; GoUs brough, Dunolly, 2s Gd. por 2,000th ; Grout Extehded Hustlei's, Bendigo, 3s. Gd. per 28,000th; Imperial, Buninyong, 10'. per 1,000th; Long Tunnel, Stringer's Creek, £110s. per 2,400 : Magnum Bonum, 7-<. per 450th ; Passby Ttlbute, Bendigo, 01. per 8.000th ; United Happy Valley, 7s. Gd. por 4,400th ; Walhalla, Stringer'» Creek, £2 per 000th ; Wellington Tribute, 7*. Gd. per 100th. For tho week ending February 19, Bmdlgo Gas at rate of G por cent, per annum (£747) ; Geelong Gea at rato of 8 per cent, per annum (£077). Argus, Bendigo, Gd. per 20,000th ; GoldBtrough, Dunolly, 3s. per 2.000th ; Star of the East, Beechworth, la. per 4,000th ; Sultan. Black- wood, 7s. per 2,600th ; Unity, Garden Gully, Od. nor 20,000th; Wellington Tribute, lCi. pur ICOtli. For week ending February 20-Albion Tribute, £5 per 32nd ; Enorgotlc, Lautiaton, IU. per 1,000th ; Great Extended Hustler's, 5a per 28'OOOth ; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 7s. Cd. per 450th ; New Moon, Bendigo, £4 10s per 16th; North Johnson's, Rendido, Gd. Ser 22,000th ; Passby Tribute, Bendigo, Cd. per 8,000th; ovuke, Henderson, and Co., £8 10a. per 300th. The moro important fluctuations in mining shares since last mail have boen :-Band and Albion Consols, from £210s. to £3 and back to £2; Bonshaw, £1810s. to £21; Break-o'-Day, downwards to £3; Koh-i-noor, £G 10a. to £G; Leviathan, £0 to £12; Magnum Bonum, £18 to £15 ; Park, £015a. to £5 15s.; Princo of Wales, £3 5s to £3 2s. Gd.; St. George, unchanged ; United Albion, firm at £2; Wellington, El Dorado, £6 to £4; Albion Consola, £2 to £7 5s. All Saints', 10s. to Cs.; Nightingale, 15s. to 45a. and back to 35s.; Prince Imperial, £2 12s. Cd. to £1 10s.; Speculator, 10s. to 5s.; Hand and Band, £10 to £810s,; Winter's Freehold, £28 to £25; Comet, Bendigo, 5s- to Gi.; Great Britain, 7B Gd. to 0s.; Hustler's, 10s. Gd. to 18s.; New North Clunes, £127 to £110 ; Sultan, £7 53. to £8 6s.; Walhalla, Stringer's, £180 to £145 ; Empress, £16 to £26; North Clunes, £5 10s. to £7 Sa. and back to £G ; South Cohen's, £3 15s. to £6 ; United Poverty, Tarnagulla, 10s. to 121. Cd ; Great Extended Hustler's, Bendigo, 22s. C1, to 41a., besides paying 8i. Cd. per share in dividends. The Bondigo and district yields havo been (excluding those undor 25oz.) for week ending February 6: Gnat Extended llustlor'a Company, 1 323oz. ; Anna- bella Company. 113oz ; Johnson's Reef Company, 40oz.; Telegraph Company, 44oz ; North Johnson's Company, 124oz. ; Elliott's Claim Tributo, Whip Reef, Eioz. ; Monument-hill Tribute Company, 40oz. ; Alliance Company, 30oz. ; Passby Tributo Company from 03 tons) 138oz ; Bonall and Company, 148oz ; Groat Britain Company, 77oz ; Prince Alfred Tributo (from 30 tons), C5oz ; Bird's Reef Company, 25oz. ; Albion Tribute Company, Bird's Beef, 212oz. ; Her- cúlea Company, lOOoz ; Bellevue Tribute Company, 120oz ¡PloneorCompany, 78"Z.;Goldcn Pyke Company, 07oz. ; Argus Company, lOOoz ; Graham and Hamil- ton, 34oz ; New Moon Company, 41oz ; West of Eng lsnd Con-pany, 28oz For week onding February 12: -Frederick the Great Company, 148oz ; Johnson's Ri cf Company, Alor. ; NU Desperandum Company, Roywiod, 76oz. ; Victoria Gold Minea Compuiy, lSloz. ; Elliott and Company, Johnson's Reef, 48<iz. ; M'Kcnzlo and Company, Big-hill, 32oz- ; Ellesmere Company, 46oz.; Kew Chum Tribute Company, 83oz.; Windmill-hill Company, 85o_; Try Again. GOJZ. ; For week ending February 10-Great Extended Hufct'er'a Company, 1,7-iOiz ; Rourke, Hendorson, aud Co., 794oz IGdwt. (from 40 tons ; Morning Light Company, 63oz.; Annabella Company, Eloz ; Telegraph Company, 4Goz ; Collinann and Tacchi Tribute Com- pany, 83oz ; Alliance Company, 31oz ; Gray and M'Kimmlo, Marong, 48oz. ; North Johnson's Reof Ce- mpany, 130oz. ; Monument-hill Tributo Com- pany, Cloz. ; St. Mungo.Company, 31oz. ; Passby Tri- bute Company, lOOoz. ; Opossum Tribute Company, 33oz. ; Railway Resorvo Company, -lloz. ; Groat Biitsin Company, 04oz. ; Elle_noro Company, 30oz. ; Albion Tributo Company, 116oz. ; Union Jack Com- pany, 131oz ; Hercules Company. 64oz. ; Littlo Chum Oimpany, Oloz. The following Ballarat and district jieldu fur four weeks are thus sum-arised by the " Star :'-Alluvial "Yields-Alma Consola, 200oz.; Australasian, 858oz.; Band of Hope and Albion Con- sols. 2 083OZ-; Uonshaw, l,810nz.; Ballarat and Clunes, lOSc-z ; Bute, 103oz ; Break-o'-Day, 185_.; City of Mel- bourne, 27oz.; Durham, 171oz ; Extended Sons of Freedom, Chiltern, 643oz.; Groat Northern Junction, l,015oz.; Golden Horn, 338oz.; Golden Lake, 440oz.; Golden Sttcani, OlOoz. ; Grand Trunk, Creawick, 781oz.; Grand Trunk, Springdallah, lOOoz ; Golden Point, Creswick, tOoz. ; Galatea, 428oz. ; Hand and Band, 40i>z ; Hit-or-Miss, 32oz ; Hard hills, 35cz.; Koh i noor, 815oz ; Kncobono, 32oz ; Leviathan, 1 CSOi-z. ; Magnum Bonum, Mari, borough, 472oz ; Magnum Bonum, Carngham, 12oz.; Never Can Tell, Godfrey's Creek, 2C10Z.; NU Desperandum, 112oz ; Park, 2,363oz.; Piluco of Wales, Sebastopol, l,l20oz ; Prince of Wules, Carngham, 22oz.; Phconiz, lOoz.; Pertoverance, Pitfield, nugget llOoz., others 2oz. and 5oz., total 123oz.; Riyal Standard, 87oz ; Rose-biU, llloz.; Reform, Haddon, 374oz.; Roform, Carngham, 07oz.; Rothsay. 22oz.; Speculator, lSloz ; Sons of Freedom, Godfrey's Creek, llOoz.; St. George and Band of Hopo United, SESoz.; Sadowa, 34loz.; Unitod Albion and Prince of Wales. lOloz ; Working Minors', Qodfrej's Creek, 73oz ; Wellington Gold and Tin, 504OZ. Total, 46 companies, 18,0Gloz. Quartz Ylelda. -Albion, 88oz ; Black Horso, 20oz.; Criterion Amal- gamated, 41oz ; Costerfield, BOoz,; Ebor, 40oz.; Free- hold United, 9170Z.; Goldsborough, 282oz.; Homeward Bound, Scotchman's, 06oz ; Imperial, 157oz.; Kanga- roo Bob, OOoz.; LlanborrlB, lOOoz.; New North Clunes, 1,70102.; New Allianoo, 118oz ; Newington and Plea iant Creek, lOoz ; Prince of Wales, Sebastopol, 351o_ ; Port Phillip, 87CfZ.; Red Streak. 21oz.; Sultan, 40Joz.; South Clunes, 248oz>; Speedwell, Staffordshire lloef, 40oz; Snake Gully, 41oz.; Star ol tho West, 87oz ; United Happy Valley, 213oz ; Victoria, 228oz.; Wal- laby, 19702 ; Wentworth Estato, 278oz.; Wright and rar ty, 60oz. Total, 27 companies, 7,016oz. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS A;;D C-RARANCBS gi_,-ci¡ oin LAST SUMMARY. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Do., Danish ; D., Dutch ; P., French ; Oh., Chilian ; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; Hu., Hanoverian; 1., Italian ; N-, Norwegian ; N. G., North German, S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian ; Bclg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; It., Russian ; s., ship ; b., barquo ; br., brig; se, schooner ; s.a., steamer.! Jan. AKM VED. 31\. Nouveau Nomade, F. b., 370, A. Marchindaiu, Mauritius',-Victoria Sugar Company. Feb. 1\. Lacij Jocelyn, B. a.. 2,138, O. Jenkins, London. Bright Brothers and Co. 1\. Alexander, B. b" 203, R. Dempster, Mauritius. Jan- os Henty and Co. 4\. Whito Swallow, A. s" 085, E. E. "nowlos, New York.-R. Towns and Co. . 4. Harkaway, B. s., 814, E Cottier, London.-Brl¿ht Brothers and Co. < 4\. Ai-U, N. b, 61>7, H. J. Schwartz, Dramtnen. Ai.dcreon and Marshal). --?->< "4. Sidney, Cb, 50a, C. Anncrstedt, Gefle.-W. J. Crelg and Co.. t , \ . ' '. i. St. Maio, F. b , 480, M. Cangardel, MauiiUn, JoBhua Brothers. «.«__,.. 0\. Ida, B. B., 1,000, J. Perkins, Sarmenay Riv» Quobec-O. Tondeur and Co w"»i 12\. Ribioplan, B. (?., 838, Wm. Faulkner, London Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. ' """*>».< 12\. Loch Tay, B. c, 1.101, Aloxandor Scott ala«..-T Alexander Macfarlan nud Co, ' k "?' 1?.' Isabella, B. br., 250, II. Muckersoy, iliurltin. Boyd and Currie. . " Mmm^ 1?. Eurynome, B. B., 1,105, W. Watson, Llvo-n-v,' Dickson, Williams, and Co pM - 12\. ConquoBt, A. b., 616, F. Howes, Boston__«",» and Co. "" 12\. Alcedo, S. b., 505, O. Ovorgaard, Sodorham Turnbull, Smith and Co. "tornan,.. 12\. Francis Banflold, B. b., 355, Wm. Pendor Jlmri tius.-VictoiH Sugar Company ' " 13\. True Briton, B. B., Goo. H. Bawn, London.-.-» r WhltoandCo. f'1 l8. St Sauveur, F. br., 237, O. Maingorof, ir.', >,},., -Joshua Brothoin -"»-fil.ti IG Malta, B.M.S S., 1,012, N. J, Skofowc G.lfo F. It. Kendall. ' uaue 10\. Cid,. F. b., 204, C. Bourgeois, Ciiaio_to__|t,' and Hnrbottle. ""»' 17\. Argonaut, B. f., 1,072, Alex. Nicolson. LjmW -Alex. Macfarlan and Co ' T 17\. Bayard, B. s., 1,310, John N. Jackson, Llvorna Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. pw io. Td.lhoÄ^^^ 21\. African MaidV'B. b-., 1.3, W. _. FroW,,T Mantlla.-PJgoU Brothers und On. "T!T 22\. Orwell, B. s. 1,100, W. ii Mutler, London -1 II. White and Or,. «H~.OII._J 22\. Kachel, B. b., 282, Jamea Henderson, Mauri«.. Captain Henderson. 22\. Vanadls, S. b., J. G. Soderborsh, Sodorham -TO J. Greig and Co. . T 23\. Sea" Chief, B. s., 1.0.10, Riebard Tucker, London Gcorgo Martin and Co. 28\. Richard Busteed, A. s , 850, A. H. K|_-mu a, mouskle, Quebec -Captain Klimm i. ° ' 23\. DouxEoura, F. br., 212, J. Launeolot, Eor.svn -Cuicier and Adut. ' ruew 23\. F. M; Young, B. li., 844, Aloxandcr Voun- DJ dee.-H. Selwyn Smith. 23\. Ellen Morris, B. br., 101, D. J. Sellick, Foo-caoj foo - Gtieo, Sumner au-- Co. 25\. Agra, B. s., 040, O. Miller, New Yoik-Lo and Co. Jan. C.BAHED OUT. 31\. Lech -Katrine, B. s , 1,200, J. "'Callum, tooth, -A. Mnctnrlan and Co. Feb. 1\. Geelong, R M.S.S., 1,584, R. T. Dundas. Pola» i Galle/-F. R, Kondall. ' a'( 1\. Wnvo of Lifo, B. a , 887, R. -. .erroll, Lon-.3 . Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co, 1\. Empress, B a" 1813, F. P. EUI», Londo. - Croaker, Scott, and Cn, 1\. Thomas Stophons, B.P., 1500, Richard Rtóatí London.-Bright Crothers and Co. 1\. Armin, N. G. li., 81Í, S. huo,_., Rangoon -4 Towns and Co " ~s 2\. Joshua Bates, B.b., 601, J B. Sydsorff. Hong Km -Kong Meng and Co. ' ! 7\. O. T. Kay, B, b., 3>7, L, Christie, Guam, vii St: castle.-Joshua Brothers and Oo. 8\. Anglesey, B. fl., 1,012, J. Maddison, Loadon 1L White and Co. 0\. Hovding, N. f., 710, O. B. Borg, Qu.it_.-_le Macfarlan and Üu. 0\. Melmefby, B. 8., 1,610, H. Kugho», Callao.-G" Martin and Co. 0\. Jerusalem, B. s,, 001, JaB, Largil, Lonibii. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 10\. Macquarie, B. fic, 125, W. Young, Singapore, t Fremantle.-B. A. Wiiudhuuso and Co, 15\. Rohine Maria, I», b., 482, li Hockstra, HonjKoi viaNowcastlo.-Jo-hit» Broilers. 15\. Martha Rideout, A. e., OoO, Oharles N. Die Guam -Dickson, Williams, and Co. 10\. Kent, B. B" 1,100, U. F. Holt, London.-W. White and Co. 17\. Dunbar Castle, B. s., 924, T. Rowe, London, Holmes, White, «nu Co. 17\. Hbideoin, N. s., fiGP.S. HooU, Ouam.-0.Tont!; aud Co. 17\. Borneo, B. s,, 70S, J. Dunlop, Guam.-J. S:rr and Co. 10\. Theophano, B s., 1,524. Thoa. C. Follett, Maura« Dickson, Willie-is, und Co. 10\. Talisman, M. b., 42G, C. Johansen, Mauritlui O. Tone em- and Co. 21\. R. P. Buck, A.b., 897. L-Curtls, San Franc!, via Newe iHlo.-Munro and Co. 22\. Van Diemen, B B , 1,051, H Robinson, Sin Pr CIECO, viil KiiMcnstli--Lorimer, Marwood, i Rome. 24\. St. Mare, F.b., 486, A, Congardo!, (¡uam.-Jos! Brotherr. 24\. Eliza, B.a, 1,378, R. Patching, Guatn.-l.oorc; Co. 24\. Francis Banfleld, B.b., 355, William Ponder, Mai tlus.-Moore aud Co. 24\. Gcorgo Kendall, B.s., 800, James Hopkinson, ft bay, via Newcastle.-W. Crosby ano Co. 25\. Savernake, B. a, 1,284 Ueo. Whltcvray, I Fianclsco, vift Newcastle-A. -laclarían and C 25\. Illono, B. a" 742, T. Itujuou, l'eniiug.-Crail Scott, and Co. 25\. White Swallow, B. p., 085, E. E. Know Guam.-R- Towns and Co. 20\. LnSaix, F. b., 478, E Laharbo, H mg Koni, Newcastle.-VletoiU Sugar Compani. 20\. Thermopylae, il. H , 047. R K-in-.ul, Foo-c". foo.-Dalgtty, Blackwood, and Co. SHIPS .LEAKED OUT WITH COLONIAL PKODUCE. JAN. 31, Loch Katrine, for Lonctou.-1,844 bales wool. 721 caska tallow, 112 hales alicep»knis, 3 balta b_Jj, . erses drapery, 3,000 bones, 7 tona horns, 2J cases »ii i, 40 balea pelt«, 128 tales bark, 60 tierces beef, 121 bala riga, 217 Ingots spelter, 58 bales leather, 1 box »_rl feroua quaitz. FEB. 1. Geelong, RM.S.S., for Point de Gallo. -1 cue BR_pltBgl__.av.aru, 1 truss newspapers, 3 parcels wool, 1 case seeds, 130 bags flour, 2boxen documents^«'» «Ino, 2 boxes jewellery, 2 ki-.a butter, 5 pilli. potatoes, 1 package boneduat, 1 pw-ksgo(a u'te. 1 Eackago (a plcluio Irame), 8 CKSKH tullun-, S U_:es etf, 3 cases jams, lcusu saddlery, 1 paekaga mapi, 3 packages cor_p.tn>'a pareéis. Empresa, for London.-4,473 bales wool, 58 ha sandalwood, 168 halen 2 c,ska skins, 030 bags 10bile« bark, 698 cask» tallow, 111 casks 0 t_cs prci.rr.i meats, 43 biles leather. Thomas Stephens, for Loudon.-0,270 biles mel 14 bales leathur. Wavo ol Life, for london -1 971" hiles «mo!, 2.5Î bags lice, Ocas _ w ino. I818 I a«-* bark, 3 casks b!a:l sand, 44 bales pell*. 217 1 _o .auolur, 12bileisUiiv 17 balta fcrolis, 14 u_.« lm*i_, 3 tanks, 217 ca-li tallow, 133 tags born", 01 bu .a boucs, 50 tils) leather. FEB 2. Joshua Bates, for H"i_ K >i,g -0 bale! faul, ä) balea paper, 60 boxen toip, li "ma "alt fi-h,"o .<) vegetables, l8 package» Inokeii glass, ÜKB 8. . Atgletc-y, for London.-2 casca j"i>, 2 OPOKUIH rugs, 100 hhd». trcoo'o, 27 big-i anilmonj o'», 2ci'ei specimms, 3 casca sundrio». lu c-a-ea wins, C7 cists cocoanut oil, GIO ca_s 130 ca-k» preserved mut, 111 casks tallow, 2,007 bales «<>?». FEB. Ö. Jerusalem, for Loiidu.-.--2,010 bales wool, 55bi'e». leather. 2 tanks. 107 casita tulki*-, 3 bal« ski«, ¡3' bales basila, 24 bag* tallon' cu-tinga, 1,810 ba.sbs-t, lease wine, 13 bundles whalebone, 10 evesetannc, 43 packages manufacturen tubacco, 3 packages sun- dries. FfB 10. MacquBrlo, for Slii(i»puiu, viu Fremantle.-10 put ages tobacco, 77 cusen bottled stout, 26 c_ci 50 juif ale, 36 casks biscuit«, 2 ease» f tiicy good«, 8 cues cm fectionery, 00 buxe« 8h.ilf-boxea si-ao, 10 empt? tulki, 48 balCB pressée: hay, 2 cases tolli-t snap, 12 ca,es bama, 2 bcxea caudle«, 2liu_ts m_z"a, 2 patia.il sundries. FE« 15 Bolino Maria,, for Hong K -inr. vii HLUC-W«.-» packages oilmen's Htoiea. «nil provisions, 3 baga serai, 6 psckag.B luggBgc, 23 earea hitter», 22 bales mit., 10 taiikB,l ton ingar, 13 packte* agricultural imple iLents, l8 doora, 38 plec-a aliulving, 0 bunnies mould IngB, 2 bundles window sa-htu, 30 pieces tim:cr, 1,048 pieces flooring, 4p.r-ni.ni Bumbles, l'rai 10. Kent, for London.-1 nts ba'os wool, 20 bl'«, leather, 111 casks ullow, 20 cuska black Band, 6cnU Bieg, 0 bales glue piei-es, 114 un-ika preserreil meats, I casks pyrlUa, 721) b->_i uiiliiiuwy uro, 103 bio.» legulusautimonj, 1 47.! ba^s bin-, 2 caskipilnUnji, 0 packages sundries, 6 C.-H"B ml k, 3 pactases sta- tionery. Fun 17. , ,., Dunbar Cnitlc for London.-3,237 bales wool, It» hhds. molasceii, 3<3 LIU-1- « lull .», 2 207 cases preserved; moats, 21 coBea tallow, 7 i-a-k a pro-omd mc its, l casl.B mineral earth, 1 mai h mV«, 25 bales basils. Jl balee skins', 35 balen lowther, 23 bales sundries. fM ~n " b Talisman, for Mai.rlliu-, -fi«4 haga wheat, oOcui ' 3 coses beef, 143 bat:-! h t-alf» tank, 60 cues hams »nu bacon, 4 casos niuizeim, 150} tuns cool, 2 packs;«' sundries. . ". ,.", Tbeophano, for Madrj».-303 baga bran, SO W« fodder, 81 iron tanka, 164 Imr c». KEB. 26. Whito -wallow, for Oirnm.-300 tous coa', IlioDO, for Ptusng.-564 iona cm'. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE-1 PAR-TUBE OF THE LAST MAIL, f JAN. 31. u".\tr._ Loch Katrine, for London -P«»««"'^.'^.1 Hamilton and I-milly, Me«*« Craig, «artln, andU» nlngton ; and bvn In tho lecoud cabio. , Geelong. B.M 8 B.. fo. 1".lnt de Gallo. VMMT -cabin :F»r Klug O en r_ "V B..U V,d_Mt_, Point dt Hassell and irl,.ni,«i,d Mr. W 'M''*_/°JPÄ, Gallo-Mcssr*. A. Jothua, Wattino. i»J»-K| For Bomhoj-Mr. Campbell ,^' 0,,ÄS Prlnsen. For Singapore- Mr. Oostelor. For way b»i-Mr. Pilot's native ».-..,-. Ve"°"ií;,M._e.le -' Messrs. Fj-fcli, Felton, »rd Moth». f«»"Kr., Mr. and Mr.-. Cur,iitb.-rS, MicauioM dohabortie,» and Misa Nathan, Mr. J I'. .»Irk. ^n^!T% (two), Mcsi-rH Pjke, I,. II. Stevenson, nfl_ '¿ bamobky. For Soiithaiupti.iiTMe<irs. J- *. U,KI and G«. Sayce ru¡ *. M. ? Mr tod Anglceoy, for Loudon -...".e"f,rB7,"t,|?.,Sct Mm. Cteorgó Auen tin Blq.e I _i.<l fa»l*»"r;TÄ| Martin Ar.i as, M r. and Mi » Be» jamb. - H'« »W MrB. Charlen Johiu-em an I tim' v, Mrs. w family, Miss M.rW Wll-i»T-. M'£«- Är_W, Philip Parer, lM.r Cm.j. K- >.< nT?","_a._. Max El.nf.nn. »mid ,'V'\"S, R,hardW'i Mathcw Holmo- Kobcrr Au-1 =.. '. »" TÄC b,»-. Whittl-ntou ; and »7 i» lb- >".<<>'>' »ud ,""u Kent, for Lor don -IW. «.'r-'»^'n ;M¿,faJ " j" J. GoUKh, farol'}' (live) -.re ^"''"/A.L'-.Ä ff Lenroy., frmPy «v,J "''^""Ur^A-iV M. Akhurst and tw n.l.ildr. n.Mr. »»'IM»*0¡^ ¡¿ , and two children. Mr. ann >lri J- «'«".".ÎJS ¿' (four). Mr. and Mr» «. U. YvO'W "'»¿^btrl, (thrci).and serv.ut, J]«-. A. MK ,Ur :.,-,1r.f, ¿isa Rev. E. D. Su.lth, Mew.-. "- L ?)? "VZUM Bone, Thomas Cowlishaw. E. Na-nlyih. CnriB r Sutin, Richard Crosby, ^'..»; Charlo« ; and 103 in tbo sornnd M<AJb"fS,»-c»' Dunbar Castle, for London -^"-'"JW «i jill Mr. and Uro. *i d.r,on, Mi-» Walker. «*»;";./." Mis* Morgan.Mrs L. Slor^n - ^'"¡"^.Tson> Robinson and cb- d, JJIr. I'-U-!. Mr. .an.crsu , Printed i Ar.QfS Ofll'-.,. and UACEIKMJK, proiiri-tois. 