THE BOROUGII COUJNIL. AN adjourned meeting of the council was held yes terday. Present, the mayor, and Aldermon Butler, Gale, White, Taylor, and Hawkins. The Mayor addressing the newly appointed town clerik, Mr. George Richards, congratulated him and the council on his appointment. Having been for four years an auditor without receiving any reward and for two an alderman, he thought the council had acted well and gracefully in awarding him his pro sent honourable position on his becoming an appli cant. Alderman Butler moved the adoption of the re port of the finance committee of the 8th Juno ex cept that portion which recommended the payment £5 15s. Id. to the late town-clerk. The reason for omitting this was explained to be that the late town clerk had not sent in his claim against the council. Hie also proposed to except Thomas Buck's claim of £7 Ile. for work in Clinton-street until such time as it should be properly certified to. After a few remarks, the adoption of the report, with the omissions referred to, was carried. The items were published in Saturday's paper. Alderman Taylor moved the adoption of the report of the improvement committee of the 30th May containing certain recommendations as mentioned in the last issue of this journal. The motion was carried after some discussion as to the propriety of the recommendation that the permission of the government be asked for enclosing a portion of the jail reserve as a stockade for break ing stonoby the prisoners. Alderman Hawkins moved the reception of the re port of the finance committee of that day recom mending a payment to J. Liggine.-Carried. The Mayor, referring to the request of the council that he would cause the accounts of the council to be properly auditod from the date of the last audit up to the 4th ILay when the late town-clerk was sus pended, said that he supposed what was meant was that he should have the books examined and balanced. He should carry out the wishes of the council, with which hoquite agreed, considering that justice both to the present and to the late town-clerk rveqired this course to hbe followed. Alderman Hawkins objected to the cost of muni cipal works as estimated by 'the -council being pub lished by the press, the eonsequenco being that tenders never by any chance fell short of the coun cil's estimate. The Mayor explained that it was the practice both hero and witth other councils to road the amounts with open doors. The meeooting then closed. Tinu WoEATEnt AT GOULnURN.-On Friday night there was a heavy galo blowing; and towards one o'clock on Slaturday morning snow began to fall pretty thickly and continued for about two hours. A frost followed, so that by daylight the snow was frozen quite hard; and in this state it lay on the ground to tho.dopth of about an inch. Saturday was very windy and exceedingly cold; but Sunday was delightfully fine. Both on Monday and Tuesday mornings we had very severe frosts followed by boautiful days. The races commenced yesterday, and after so much bad weothor it was a groat treat for those interested to find the weather all that they could desire at this time of the year. ttin BUtAIDWOOD MONITOIt.-VWe are in receipt of the first number ot a third paper just commenced at raidlwood entitled the Braidwood, Araluen, and Major'e Creole MIonitor. It is to be published every Friday morning. It is extremely well printed, and appears to have a good selection of local and general reading. One of the proprietors, Mr. Thomas Ella, was formerly overseer in the Goulburn Ilorald oflico. While glad to see well-conducted papeora, as this promises to be, well supported, it appears to us impossible that the Braidwood district can afford a field for more thanl one or at most two journals. iRoow? CATtOLuC.-A letter received by last mail from Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, and dated from Romo on 11th April, states that his lordship was then in good health and that he had obtained permission from the Pope to leave Rome and com mouce his prc.parations for returning to his diocese. The bishop intended to visit Ireland before his re turn for the purpose of obtaining clergymon to ne company him to this colony to labour in the Goul burn diocese. Amll:Ltcut.tt.-Fridl~y.-Soveral influontial colonists halv called a meeting; for lMonday next. It is to consitt of persons intrestved inl questions rolating to it,:rclonial frlcetradce Iad recipjroity.-'I'he vTc auc teer ricllptonc etgagced in lc tl match with thell oilj'oer and Imn of thre Ilith ll.dginellt scred I 0gl. 'Thec milhtary ??cred i17.-lt is repottld lthet .Mr, lces h?s di tenv,:r a tl t I nL uu nltictell t Oc tllC ry III lh cvcl -Il .l - elt t O lrllItlet1. t 'l1. r icrc , it n i :aid, ( ,e lInIrg c itcn rnl taie H rcll Icci i i ll lc Iic nwly-)llat l rci . lctcy, eund a gltI ' I tXI IIIII t nc llccctclc.ln pa!lnclcltcl lInd wrell watll t?.- 'l' u I:lll Ullll l lillo Illinlll a gi -Nc twnhcac lttuc; the eI lecnton ppet ,1tc n of c l, \- iln l th l ceel tl cc1 II c, i ccllln t , itcli)ltil lu IlI'e d 1 n Intl;c. ntc c tlly tic coc x '1 11,1u lil ul IIc a c ritlcn cl'ornp cl;Iilcl ilc t1111c7.-di c ciccvctcclcl ; gv Ic(va deelllu d u6 lleddrng Steads, Hallo IlulalV, 11114 Towneond as delegates to the Melbourne conference. -There is most schering news from lBarosea gold. fields. Further crushings of the cement have yielded over throe ounces to the ton.-The promised hill to amend the Constitution Act is to include a proviso that the attorney-general shall not necessarily he a member of the legislaturo.-The balance-sheet of the South Australian Jusm Company shows that the un dertaking bhs been, as yet, a success.-Tho late rains have done great good to the crops, of which favour able reports are received from all qunrters.-There have been sales of wheat at 5o. 4d.-M-onday. Arrangements have been made for the Governor and Lady Edith to visit the mines on Yorko's Peninsula. \--Mr. Todd, the superintendent of telegraphs, is making every effort to start the construction of the overland telegraph. Three parties are to start forth. with to Mlount Margaret to form a line to seventy. five miles north of Central Mount Stuart, where they are to be met by a party working southwards from Port Darwin. These latter are to be taken at once to Port Darwin. MIessrs. Elder's camels are to be employed in pointing out the track.-Telograms to S. Mr. Hnrald. ME?.llouvnit.-Friday.-The quarterly returns of gold give nearly an ounce for each miner engaged. The markets are very quiet.-The match between HIiggins and Austin is postponed.--In the Logislative Assembly, the debate on immigration has been adjourned until Tuesday noxt.-Monday.-Power, after a lengthy examination, has boon committed for* tGntf trial.-Tho Governor presented the boy Blocker witl a modal for bravery in rescuing three boys frai b drowning.-A meeting of unemployed was held t~hmb of afternoon. A patition was adopted against immigra,, ske" tion.-An Indian buyer has secured one hundred horses from Gippsland for MIadras.-Telograms to S. '1er M. Herald. HonavrT Tow.--Via Melbourno.-Captain Cooto has submitted, on behalf of English capitaliste, a pro posal to construct a main line of railway.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. ATrrTE?F AT RAPE.-At the ,,raidwood police court on Thursday, Thomas Raynor was charged with having on the 8th instant attempted to commit a rape upon Annie oWeatherall, a child of only four years and four months. The inquiry was held in the magistrates' private room. The evidence was unfit for publication. The prisoner has not long resided in the district, and has been in the employment of Mr. Parker the surveyor; he came into town on WVednesday and appears to have been drinking. In the afternoon at about half-past three o'clock Mire. VWeatherall was in the yard for a few minutes and on her return found the prisoner in the bedroom, with the child. She snatched up the child and called in Mr. Laclroy, at Mr. Mo Leod's store, who was passing to prevent the prisoner from getting away while she went for Mr. Weatherall, who gave him into the custody of the police. The prisoner denied the charge and accounted for his presence in the house by saying that he thought that it was a public- house ; but the evidence of Dr. Gentle, who examined the child on Thursday morning, showed that not only an assault, but that it was possible a capital offence had been committed, and prisoner was committed for trial for rape at the next Goulburn circuit court.-Braid wood Dispatch. An VALOREMn DUTIES.-In a long article which the S. Ml. Herald has on the above subject the fol lowing are the concluding remarks :-"There are nearly fifty members in a House which at the present time consists of but seventy-(two seate being va cant)-declaring themselves in opposition to the ad valorem duties, and only one to speak a word in their favour. Under the circumstances it was not to be wondered that the government substantially repro ducad its former fiscal policy. On the 17th Febru ary last, Mr. Samuel proposed to re- borrow £100,000 to consolidate the deficiency loan, to got £55,000 ad ditional from stamps, and to give up the ad valorem duties, and the government received the uniform support of ton or twelve of the members who ex pressed no decided opinion at the elections (so far as we can ascertain from the records now at hand) in regard to the fiscal policy proposed. ?Mr. Alexander, Mr. Bell, Mr. Cummins, Mr. Dillon, Mr. Driver, Mr. Eckford, Mr. Fallon, MIr. Jennings, Mr. Kelly, Mr. Osborne, wore considered to be staunch supporters of the government. But there has been no fiscal re form ! It will be soon that heon. members, almost to a man, would readily expunge the ad valorem duties from the statute-book; and, if this course be not taken in the ensuing session, it will be little to the credit of the House, and show that appeals may be made by the constituencies without any good result." TERRIBLE ACCIDENT ON THE RAILWAY WonKS.--. - An accident of unusual severity happened on Wed nesday last to a navvy named George Hughes, em ployed at Grover's outting, No. 7 contract, Western line. It appoears that the unfortunate man had re turned to the cutting after having breakfasted, and arrived at the work just as a shot exploded unex pectedly, Two large masses of rook fell on his legs, smashing his left foot, horribly lacerating the flesh and its structures, and breaking the bone of the leg in several places. Ilo also sustained a compound fracture of the right log, and his back was bruised and injured. Hughes, who is a man of immense strength and resolution, wlts brought into Bathurst in a cart, a distance of sixteen or seventeen miles, and was at once taken to the hospital and placed under Dr. Morgan's care. It was found necessary to amputate the crushed foot and lower portion of the log, and the operation was accordingly performed on Thursday by Dr. Morgan and Dr. Bassett. We are informed that the poor fellow is doing as well as can be expected, and his case affords another instance of the increasing usefulness of the hospital. But when we are told that " No. 7 " supports a medical man to attend to the workmen employed thereon, we are not a little surprised that it should be found neces sary to cart a bleeding and wounded man to so groat a distance to obtain that surgical aid which we con sider might have boon afforded on the spot.-Bathurst Times. THE GcELONO's TIteP ?Oo? GALLE.--The Mel bourne Argus says:-The extraordinarily quick pas sage made by the R.MI.S.S. Geolong, from King Georgo's Sound, has resulted in the unusual circum stance of the publication, in the same number of the Argus, of our English telegram and the letter of our London correspondent.' The branch mail-steamer Alexandra arrived at Glentlg at a quarter past ten o'clock on Saturday morning, and in the afternoon of the same day we published a second edition, eon taining the groueater portion of the telegraphic sum. mary which appears in the supplement of to-danish. Argus. As the Geelong was not to leave the Sou?. / until midnight on the 31st May, she was not ex. peoted to arrive in Hobson's Bay until some time one; 't Monday alternoon, and the information that phe was'-j off the Otway at half- past twelve o'clock yesterday was therefore received with considerable surprise. She reached the Heads shortly before six p.m., and, aided by the strong westerly breeze which had helped to bring her with such remarkable celerity from King George's Sound, she made a rapid passage up the western channel, and anchored in Hobson's Bay at about nine o'clock. The Geolong, on her present voyage, has altogether eclipsed her previous performancos, and has accomplished the rare feat of delivering her mails four clear days in advance of her contract time. She left Gallo on the 17th ult., and experienced light and moderate breezes, with filo weather, until her arrival at King Geoorge's Sound, on the 31st ult. From the Sound to Hob son's Bay strong westerly winds prevailed. -On the day prior to reaching the Sound the Geolong spoke the company's steamer Avoco, bound to Gallo, and exchanged news with her. The passenger list of the Geelong is a full one, and amongst those for Melbourne are Mr. Relginald Bright (of Moessrs. Blright, Brothers, and Co.), Mr. J. Walter (nephew of the proprietor of the Times), and Mr. C. WVehlo, the celebrated pianist. The Goelong, after landing her mails, was to leave at an early hour this morning. Gvcshncato.--Mlonday.-Tho tolograph-oflice at this place was broken into on Saturday night, and some money was stolen. An attempt was made by the thieves to set fire to the building by drawing a quantity of embers Irom the firoplace and heaping them against the omantelpieco. No clue to the rob. bors can be found. The money taken consisted of notes and silver. The entrance was effooted through a window at the rear of the building, which was broken opeen. Several other houses woere robbed during the soame night.-'Telegram to S. t. llerall. ,Polr "llcacncnu:o.--londay.--At the nomination to-lacy, Mr. l)coc hald t1I lchow of honds by a largo mija.rcty.-'T 'cbuLtracm to S, A1.licerald. 