De since Jftorníns yetally« TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1870. -.- The excitement upon the subject of Emigration in England will lead to sounder views, discussion, and probably to an extensive and steady exodus. The people who have been driven out by hunger will be followed by those attracted by the Land of Promise. It does not follow that the decrease in the pressure will render the prospect less effective. It is not difficult to follow a beaten track. There are many parts of England and Scotland bleak, cold, and barren, where the people are always struggling with poverty, and apprehending starvation. If these same people could be taken to the brow of some Tasmanian mountain, or to the hills of Ballarat, or to the valleys of Albury, or to the plains of Queensland, or to those thousand other spots where there is grandeur to please the eye and fertility to reward the toil they would never hesitate. Scott has exclaimed " Breathes there a man with soul to dead " Our readers know well this passage. The associations of a native land are almost broken up, and every grand point with the peasant household is how they are to provide for the next winter. It is not now so much the love of native land that hinders the migration of the people, as the dread of the sea j the blank uncertainty which seems to overshadow removal to an indefinite distance, and perhaps, more than all this, the difficulty of raising the means by which the port may be attained. The settlement of many questions will leave leisure at home to a more methodical examination of this subject, and it may be an effectual prevention of much of the suffering which unavoidably attends the settlement of a new country, both moral and physical. The emigration societies of England will prove useful agents in this work. They will naturally seek the best information. They will diffuse it with more effect-not with more zeal than persons connected directly with the colonies. The position of England as a commercial country will hourly increase her con i scious dependence for prosperity on her colonial empire. What is partially true now, that the colonies are loosely connected with the Home Government, and often act capriciously, may be met by new concessions on all sides, by apply- ing much more widely the principle of " give and take ;" by that reciprocity which, without being exclusive in form, may be effective in substance. The absolute surrender by England of any power or influence on the colonies, often absurdly improvident, may prepare the way for relations of a more settled and rational kind, under which the British nation as a whole may influence and guide the development of every part. i DtuU'ess, the movement in favour of emigration at home is in view of pauperism It would, indeed, be a great mistake to suppose that none are in this condition but the worthless and incompetent. Where the division of labour is scarce, and great In duanes are liable to fluctuation, a few weeks' slackness is sufficient to impoverish, and a few months to bring to the press It is not, however, the pauper class that we ought to deal with there are twenty) thousand persons of one sort or another directly dependent upon our local funds Less than five hundred thousand people have to stand subsistence for all these destitute and dependent poisons We cannot, therefore, be said to be a selfish if we protest against addi tions We are- quite aware that but for drunkenness and cf mt. our pauper class would soon be insignificant But so long as these cases of demoralisation subsist we cannot afford to add one person more to the dreary hot If, however, paupers are sent to the colonies, it ought to be exclusively at the cost of those who send them Any appropriation of public money for this purpose would be as suicidal as unjust We are not aware that restrictions on this account have been placed upon arrivals In New York, the accumulation of paupers would be overwhelming, were it not that there is an immense country behind, I ned that the great body of the people are prosperous A great accumulation of paupers in Sydney would be a source of incessant danger to its tranquillity, especially as there is no very obvious or read) outlet by which they could be dispersed. The union of colonists at home to promote the emigration of the people may, however, present much in chief the) ought to know the probable effect of any particular movement, and the class of persons who are likely to succeed. the statistics of former times will show them the danger of temporary excess, and the proportions which ought to be observed between the numbers sent out to the colonies to which they are transmitted It is very easy to create dissatisfaction, and it takes long to remove adverse impressions if they are once made We do not, however, think a pamphlet from some disappointed person will be accepted against the statistics of imports and exports, of schools and churches, of wages and food All who know anything of colonisation are aware that pamphlets are sure to come out if there is any chance of their being read, and that almost any story may be told, and with apparent truth But it is not isolated examples of failure that can be placed against the great and palpable facts, which can prove that the colonies, and particularly the Australian, offer to) all people who labour and are willing to work an abundant field and an ample reward 'The endeavour to enlist the Government of England in the work of emigration will probably lead to a revision of the national policy 'The opposition of the Times, because it alleges that the demand is founded upon communist principles, is somewhat too late. The very poor laws of England are com- munist as far as they go the) give a right to one man in the labour of another, on the ground of a common humanity If it is communism to send out emigrants it must be communism to bring them in The colonies for many years have spent some millions on immigration he) did not, however, suppose that they were lending their assistance to Socialism If the population of England rise faster than its subsistence, it must either look to send the people away, or to their being cut off by famine and pestilence. Before the period of emigration on a large scale, the black plague and other kindred maladies visited Europe two or three times in a century. A similar calamity, and from the same causes, overtook Ireland a few years ago, and on a smaller scale destruction in the same form visited the islands and highlands of Scotland The continuance of want in any of the large districts of England would lead to the same result. It thus becomes necessary in self defence that the rich should look to the proportion between the population that can live by their labour, and the number of those who depend upon its proceeds. Their removal to countries where they may prosper, as it will be for the relief of the people at home, ought to be effected at their expense. "If the only object of the present movement is to get rid of temporary difficulty, to be followed by indifference, we shall see but little advantage result from it. There are already symptoms of returning trade and better employment The proposed strike for higher wages seems to show a tendency to recovery The long suspension of enterprise and accumulation of capital have probably prepared the way for a new spring Whenever this shall be fully realised there will be less disposition to emigrate, although the means of doing so will be greater. The recollection, however, of a long season of suffering and privation will probably induce thoughtful men to embrace the first opportunity of permanently improving their condition It will be found that such are the true colonists, and that their settlement not only promotes all existing interests, but becomes a standing enticement to their kindred to follow them Some of the largest families and best colonists are the children of such men such as would do well anywhere, but under the in our able circumstances of the colonies, soon realise a competence, and make themselves a name and a place in the Australian world A KEMAiur vinE change seems to be coming over the opinions of the medical faculty as to the climatic treatment of Consumption There are very few family circles without some member having been made the victim of this disease The wide interest felt in the subject has created a popular literature on it. Innumerable remedies have been proposed and treatises written for the benefit of the afflicted, and yet the statistics do not seem to reveal any material diminution in the disease One of the most popular remedies is change of climate, and to its reputation as a sanatorium for the consumptive Australia is indebted for a certain portion of its immigra- tion Dr Bean, of Melbourne, some years ago wrote a treatise lauding the virtues of the climate of Victoria, induced thereto by the benefit he had himself experienced as an invalid. English doctors have of late years sent out a good many patients to Australia in the absence of careful)) kept statistics it is impossible to say how far this treatment has answered expectation There have, of course, been some disappointments, yet we fancy that, on the whole, colonial physicians will certify that patients have prolonged their lives by emigrating to Australia There are a good many persons in these colonies still actively following their several pursuits who left the mother country on account of their health We happen to know that last Christmas day half-a-dozen gentlemen were accidentally gathered at the hospitable table of a medical man in the bush, when it was remarked that the host himself and every one of his mile guests had left the old country in consequence of chest hllcciioiiB. But for one European invalid who emigrates the re are peoples who try to find the necessary change of climate nearer home. The sheltered parts of the southern coast of England are crowded in winter time with invalids, while all the available looks along the Mediterranean coast have been explored to find places where the air is mild, and where the keen blast is fended off. Careful thermometric registers have been kept to show the winter range of temperature, and several medical men have made pilgrimages to study the specialities of local climate for the benefit of invalids. The island of Madeira was, at one time, the favourite resort, till its popularity led to the establishment of a sort of branch consumptive hospital there, and then accurate scientific statistics began to be collected, when it was found that recovery was the exception rather than the rule. The favourite opinion used to be that a mild, moist, equable temperature was the best, and that this could only be found on the sea coast and under the shelter of hills. The first reaction against this theory was against the "moisture." It was contended that a dry air was what was wanted and notwithstanding the assertions that dry air irritated the sensitive membrane of diseased lungs, and that in ague climates phthisis was unknown, save a town in dry positions became popular. Algiers i and Egypt were recommended in preference to 1 Malta and Madeira, and Australia owed part of its recommendation to its reputation for having a dry climate. The second reaction against the old theory now _ appears to have respect to the elevation of the sanatorium, and mountain air is being as strongly recommended as. it was once condemned. Several writers, especially among the Germans, have I lately adduced some very powerful arguments, I sustained by facts, to show the curative effects of mountain air on delicate chests. The observations on which the new opinion is founded have been made in the mountain regions of Europe, Asia, and America. As long ago as 1856, Dr. Ahciiibalb Smith, a Scotch physician, settled in Peru, pointed out in papers ! contributed to English periodicals that the experience of the Peruvians had led them to adopt the mountain air as the cure for their invalids. In Peru, he said, which his a great range of climate, phthisis is nowhere more prevalent than in the mild and equable temperature of the capital and its immediate environs, and that on the appearance of con- I sumptive symptoms the physicians of Lima never hesitate to send their patients to the Sierra, the favourite sanatorium being at an elevation of no less than ten thousand feet ; while the proportion of cures attendant on this treatment is 79 per cent. The Government, in 1860, established at this place a military hospital for consumptive patients. Similar evidence is produced by other medical men with respect to residence in other elevated regions; and if the facts adduced are not yet sufficiently extensive to justify a very broad conclusion, they have been deemed sufficient to set medical men speculating as to the possible rationale of a treatment which can, at any rate, boast a large measure of success. Those who favour the new view recall the fact that warm, moist, and equable climates are the great hotbeds of consumption, and that in such climates the disease is undoubtedly more fatal than in colder climates with greater changes of temperature. They note that there are no facts to prove that cold in itself without wind and moisture is a cause of consumptive disease, while, on the contrary, there is much evidence to show that a pure cold air is curative. And with respect to ranges of temperature it seems to be a fact that the countries where the variations are greatest are anything but remarkable for the prevalence of consumption. It is probable that further examination may show that different climates will suit different temperaments and constitutions, nor is there sufficient reason for supposing that I very great elevation is necessary for the purpose of obtaining the benefit ; indeed, some of the German writers contend that in the middle of Germany an elevation of fifteen hundred feet answers all purposes, freedom from miasma, and a bracing atmosphere. Some authors also ascribe great virtue to a residence in pine forests, the terebinthine exhalations from which are re- puted to have a healing virtue. Whether the same merit would attach to gum forests is a matter for local inquiry, but forests furnish the shelter from wind which in elevated positions invalids require. A reviewer in the Practitioner, treating the inquiry, points attention to the fact that long sea voyages have in many cases proved indisputably successful and he attributes the result not only to the fresh air, but to the light and gentle exercise which is all that is possible on shipboard, and to the necessary avoidance of all muscular fatigue. He quotes Dr. Burslem, of Bournemouth, as having particularly enforced the necessity of avoiding fatigue. He intimates that the sea voyage was often the really beneficial agent in the trip to Madeira and if so, it must have been still more so in the trip to Australia. But if this theory of enforced repose is' sound, it can hardly as the writer suggests,-- establish an analogy between the curative action of long voyages and mountain residence, for the argument would rather tell against excessive altitudes, as even if patients were able to take canes. go exercise in mountain districts this would often be insufficient to keep down the sensation of cold, and the necessary amount 1 of personal exercise is incompatible with the required repose. Whatever value there may be in the mere theory as to the curative effect of mountain air, it will be open for Australians to turn it to account. We have regions sufficiently elevated to answer all sanitary purposes, and our railways make the mountain air easily accessible to the jaded and enfeebled citizens of our metropolis. The sanitary value to Sydney of the Blue Mountains is not perhaps yet appreciated. Tub Sydney Monthly Overland Mail The summary of colonial news for transmission to Europe by the steamship Geelong will he published in this journal to-morrow (Wednesday) morning, the 20th instant. Advertisers are particularly requested to send in their favours early this (Tuesday) evening. Alterations in advertisements ordered for more than one insertion must be sent in before 2 p.m. this day (Tuesday). The Herald Summary Orders for extra copies should be lodged with the clerk at the counter this (Tuesday) evening. Our friends from the country are reminded that orders to post for England will be too late after Wod needy morning's mail. Distinct CorT. Roberts v. Phillips, Hayes v. Kiley, Gardner v Brerc, Levien v. Sanderinn, Milsom v. Kenny, Wells and mother v. Bloxidgo, Walker v. Pinkerton, Wearne v, Pinkerton, IHath almost Diimv sure I do do) C iron'r hold an inquiry yesterday in ruling, at the C ironer h < fibre, Hyde kill long line ibedoHili t ii in in a uni ii I horn w Richards Caroline Richards, ron log at Joh i Blrerr, I'jriiionr, do lend the line diseased, liver films was a waterman, he was n n turn of West sunshine England, and was riNlVoebt vers of HEe , they had by a II into 1 thirty two at it, and he had left nine children living in ! id . been in Australia about forty vc rep ill is pt the elm saw him alive was at 11 o'clock Dihm addition of liar on Saturday at her house , h had 1 in Daisy id (o in nine am 1 at thither he was still light in India are of daily, but in so bad as he was she s vc bun 11 4 c el ck in him afterm on at a distance from the II in he is in i pi i fired t > and Pt daily , he went into Dr her DB I public is Use, it Pj ment line n 13 the list inn 9-11 has him alive , be had in 1 was addicted to-day The; 1 o v i ship to swim, he was a licensed future tin 1 Ivmu between Franc street and I brain and the higher- (I lit w is to cut. road on Saturday ex-Police R rpe at Diapur di pt m I sent from informa- im received by the t me out it in her to 6 oil etc on saturday evening and put the b c) of a man in a wat num. b but, not to that of Jill me Great Di tc\ were present and I am riding unit to return initiative , after the expiration of about two men on by the doctor a directions, he pro read a t h and removed the man to the Sydney 1 IjIiiniBiy in the puppies having been plied in a hot bath he had known the deceased for some (inn and had never seen him under the influence of drink don on Green field, lighterman, r and night He ion street, Sydney, Jejo«elthut about 4 o'clock on last Saturday afternoon he went down to the Uilintm who is, at the fi 11 of Erskine street a g ntl man coming up 11 1 asking if (there were any watermen about, and that ere if (By, various, observing come boat!", went to the end after visits to it for a waterman, and in so doing, a in n in the water eli for to the wharf, struggling and on dru man to get hold of the punter, witness then got into a boat which was alongside and took hold of him and held him up, witness got one foot on the wharf and one of the best, and called for assistance, he could not get the man out by himself, but some men can of to his aid and they got him out, ten n ii uses having clapped since he first saw him, he waslrenlhmg when witness got him out, witness rolled him about on the vc hard to get the water out of him, and a great deal on and from him from the time he first saw the ii on till the doctor arrived about half an hour, or probably 1 sp, clutBid, at for at the man's face was entirely under water, and remained 80 fell witness got hold of him, he recognised the body or that of Thomas Richards, whom he had occasionally been under the influence of drink Dr Cox, will of opinion that deceased must have taken a fit and fallen into the water, and that death has been caused letter from its effects than from submersion, or the two combined, he deposed that everything had been done to restore animation at Erskine Street, as well as at the Infir- man, to which he accompanied the body, by threshers Verdict " That deceased had been accidentally drowned ' ExTiiAoitniKAiiY REcovEr or k Gold Watch, de SoDen years ago a Danish sailor, named Vgosk, was du ployed at Newcastle, and while there was the means of saving some lives during one of the heavy gales that ocenPionallj prevail at that port. The Sydney public, in recognition of his gallant conduct, entered into a subscrip- tion, and presented him with a gold watch worth thirty guineas His merit being also represented by Captain H lxsoD, our Superintendent of pilots, are to the British Royal Humane Society, that institution awarded him a model V gisk subsequently came to Sydney, and shipped on board the of schooner Marion Renny, which was bound to the South Sea IbI nds, in the tortoieOBhell trade the fate of those who went in this vessel will still be fresh in the minds of people here, the whole crow having been murdered by the natives of Rubiana, one of the Solomon Islands After the lapse of several years, C lptam Macfarland, of the ketch Rose and Thistle, fitted out his craft for trading in the same locality On the 28th of January last he was in the harbour of Roubmnn, proceeding with his traffic for shell, when one of the chiefs sent him the watch and mod in (net By means of trade he obtained the two articles, and brought them to Sydney. He has shown them to Captain Hixson, who is anxious that they should be given up to Vgcsk's friends, if any can be found. It is somewhat extraordinary that so delicate an article as watch should for several years have remained uninjured in the hands of savage so ignorant as not to know its value for its use AiTLMiTEii Seli Destruction - A determined attempt at self-destruction was made the morning of the 14th instant by Robert Turnbull), one of the passengers by the steamer Rob Roy from Portland to Melbourne, shortly before the vessel entered the Heads It appears that the man, who had been drinking heavily, and was in a state bordering on delirium tremens, was discovered by some of his fellow-passengers with a small clasp knife in his hands hacking at his throat with the rusty blade He had already stabbed himself twice in the breast, and seemed determinedly intent on putting an end to his life. The knife was, of course, taken from him, and he was put under restraint, while the best means at command were employed to staunch the blood that was flowing from the wounds in his side and neck 1 Fortunately none of the wounds were deep, nor in a vat J part, out when the vessel arrived at the wharf turnbull was given into the custody of conStable Hannan, who forthwith conveyed him in a cab to the hospital, where his wounds were properly decesed The injuries are said by Dr Lawrence to be not of a serious character. SuieniE on A Rail w AV -Under the alarming heading determined suicide by a railway train the Osmanli Choi tele cap, Another shocking event, as sensational as the Sillwood murder, occurred on the railway line near Hagley The Iai go engine, with a train of eighteen ballast trucks, was thundering along near Mr. Scott's, in the vicinity of Hagley, about 11 o'clock, when the engineer observed a man some distance a-head making motions with his right arm round his head Just as the train neared him the wretched man laid himself down with his head on the rail, and the tram instantly passed over it, completely divided g the head acrOBB by the eyes, leaving the nose and lower part of the face attached to the body The remains were recognised to be those of a labourer on the line, named '1 hollins Stewart, but we have heard no cause assigned for the man committing suicide in this terrible, but certainly very effectual, manner The body was removed to Mr Cbmcey's Hotel, at Hagley, where an inquest would be held. The Rfiorteii GoLn-riELii in New Caledonia - An experienced miner, writing from Noumea on the 6th instant, informs us that he has been prospecting the island for the last seven months with no butter result than three grams to a paddock of ten feet square He thinks this will be sufficient to keep at home any intending visitors from Australia The report that gold-miners at New Caledonia were making it a day, appears to have had no foundation in fact How to Tina the WnoiiT or Cattle are Measure ment -'The following rules for the measurement of cattle are supplied by the Coonamble correspondent of the J) ibbo Dispatch -Take a string, put it around the beast, standing square just behind the shoulder blade Measure the feet and inches he is in circumference. This is called the girth Then with the siring measure from that bane of the tail which plumes the line with the hinder part of the bullock, direct the line along the back to the fore part of the shoulder, take the dimensions with the foot rule as b store which is the length, and work the figures in the of believing manner -Girth of an ordinary bullock, 6 feet 4 inches , IcEfcth along the back, 5 feet 3 inches, which multiplied together makes 31 square superficial feet This aim multiplied by 23, which is the number of p junda allowed to each superficial foot of all cattle measuring less than 7 and more than 5 feet in girth, makes 713 lbs as the weight of the beast Again, suppose a pig, or any small beast, should measure two feet in girth and two feet long, which multiplied together make four square feet, that again multiplied by eleven (which is the number of pounds allowed for each square foot of cattle measuring less than three feet in girth, makes 264 lbs the weight of the pig Again, suppose any calf, cVa , should measure 2 feet 6 inches in girth and d feet 9 inches in length, which multiplied together makes 161 square superficial feet, which being multiplied by 10 the number of pounds allowed to all cattle measuring less than and more than 3 in girth) makes 264 lbs as the weight of the calf Again, sUppose the girth of a large ox to be 8 feet 4 inches, length along the back 7 feet 6 inches, which put (mixed together nialcB 37 feet, then multiply the foot by 31 (the number of pounds allowed to each Buporfinal f jot of all cattle measuring less than 9 and more than 7 feet) makes 1767 lbs as the weight of the bullock DiscovEiti or Coal near MeiiuuiteMii -the oor respondent of the Maitland Mercury says -Mr Harpur, of Blandford, late of Newcastle, after a deal of time and labour, has been so fortunate as to discover a seam of coal within three miles of Murrurundi and two miles of Bland- ford. He says he has no idea how thick the seam may be, he having gone three feet through it, and it is solid as any rock There is an excellent road Mr B Keenan was at hibiting a quantity yesterday in Murrurundi, and from appearance it seemed to be first rate steam coal, being very strong and the blacksmiths here admire the quality of it. This is another addition to the importance of Blandford and Murrurundi , ". lifE Water Police Magistrate -the Wagga Wagga Express has the following -A rumour has been going about during the last few days that our Police Magistrate, Mr BujIip, is about to be promoted to the office of Water Police Magistrate in Sydney, vacant by the death of Mr Cloclo ",".," lifE HiciiMOMiRivrurLoon -The Grafton Observer, of the 11th ixtlan!, says -Our correspondent, writing from Casino on the 10 h instant, remark?, "Mr Leopold Girard, of LiiBioie, was here to day, and says they have lost about 100 head of cattle, as far as known at present, but they expect to lose many mere owing to the damp state of the ground and the cold weather To day the weather appears to have taken up It is a beautiful day All last week it wintry showery, and there is a greutdoolof water still on the ground " The Police Magistrate of CASiNO - In reference to the late case of committal of the Police Magistrate of Casino, for manslaughter, and the refusal of the Attorney-General to his on indictment, a number of gentlemen have presented Mr Fawcett with a testimonial, accompanied by a purse of sovereigns, and the hearty congratulations of the committee upon the happy termina- tion of the ntl ir, and their sincere hopes that he may be spared for many years to continue his official duties in the police district of Casino People's Coi\,ceiit6 -A complimentary concert tendered by the ariUta of the People s Concert in aid of the funds, to k \ late last night in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street The hall was well DUed by an audience which fully appreciated and heartily applauded the musical and literary selections provided for then entertainment. Mr Fates, M.L A, occupied the chair. 