POLICE. CITY COURT. FRIDAY, JAN. 28. (Before Mr. Panton, P.M., and Messrs. Rawl- ings and Wragge, J.P.'s.) MINOR OFFENCES.— Maria George, for using obscene language in Victoria-street, opposite the Mistletoe Hotel, was fined 40s., or a month's imprisonment.— Agnes Mitchel, for insulting behaviour, received a similar sen- tence.— Eliza Woods, alias Hope, charged with making a disturbance outside the Immi- grants'Home, to which she had returned in a state of drunkenness after going out to work, was fined 20s., or 14 days in gaol. Larceny.- Wm. Buckley was charged with stealing a pair trousers and vest, valued at .35s , from the shop-door of Wallace Nichols, tailor, in Elizabeth- street. The articles were missed from the shop, and were pawned on Thursday evening by Buckley at Allen's shop in Stephen-street. He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Remanded.— William Fraser was remanded until Monday on a charge of stealing 15s. and some other property from a Hansom cab owner named Flanagan.— Edward Smith was remanded to the military head quarters on a charge of deserting from the 14th Regiment. DISCHARGED. —- Barbara Mooney, charged with stealing from the person, was released as the prosecutrix did not appear.— Catherine J. Smith was discharged on an accusation of stealing,a pawn-ticket as no prosecutor ap- peared. St. Kilda.—-At this court on Friday—-before Messrs. Oldham and Balcombe, J. P's-George Wilson was charged with stealing a purse containing 30s. from Joseph Fothergill, at Kenny's bathing ship, on the 20th December last. Joseph Fothergill, a butcher residing in Chapel-street, Prahran, stated that he went for a bath at Kenny's bathing ship, on the evening of the 20th December, in company with his brother and a person named Forth. They all used the same dressing-room, and went into the water together. On coming back, the prosecutor went first into the dressing-room, and at once saw that his clothes had been dis- turbed. ( He felt the pockets, and found that his purse, containing 30s., was gone. William Fothergill, brother of the prosecutor, corro- borated hisevidence. His brother was the first person to enter the dressing- room. Forth was not in the room while his brother and he were in the water. Forth is a sailor, and has since left the colony. Rouben Jackson, assistant at Kenny's baths, recollected the two Fother- gills coming to the baths on the evening of the 20th December. Soon after they went in, the prisoner paid for a bath. Witness noticed that he did not go into the water, but was dodging about the dressing rooms, and saw him enter three, but could not say if the room used by Fothergill was one of them. After staying about 10 or 15 minutes he left the.place, and soon after Fothergill came up and said he was robbed. He could identify the prisoner, having known him for two years. Constable Bourke .arrested the prisoner on the 23rd of, the preseent month on a charge of stealing a gold watch and chain. He was afterwards identified as the person suspected of this robbery. The purse produced was found on the prisoner. After hearing the evi- dence, the prisoner elected to have his case dealt with by the Bench, and as he said to save trouble, he would plead "Guilty." Several previous convictions were proved against the prisoner. The Bench sentenced him to the highest penalty in their power to inflict, and sent him to gaol for three months with hard labour— Matthew Henry was sum- moned by the rate collector of the borough for the sum of £10 2s., unpaid rates. A ver- dict for the amount was given, with 5s. costs. William, alias Henry Brockey was charged with stealing a number of cigars, valued at 12s,, from Austin Saqui, landlord of the George Hotel. The prosecutor stated that he had a quantity of cigars in his bedroom on the 25th inst ; they were in boxes of 100 each. He.saw them that morning, and they were apparently all right. That night, on going to bed, he opened one of the boxes, and found some of the cigars had been taken away. He found a portion of a cigar in the prisoner's room, which he believed from the quality to be one of his. The prisoner pleaded " Guilty," and was sentenced to 12 hours' imprisonment in the lock-up. SANDRIDGE.— At this court on Thursday, before Messrs. Mollison and Barker, a man named William Morris was charged with violently assaulting his wife and threatening to take her life, but at the request of the complainant he was discharged. —John Lister, a ship's cook, was sentenced to two months' imprisonment for stealing a pair of boots from Fredk. O. Jacobsen, a shoemaker, in Beach-street.— Hans Hansen, a Danish sea- man, was fined £5 for violently assaulting Geo. Blondin, another sailor. The prisoner was charged in the first instance with stabbing, and a knife had been used in the scuffle which took place, but as no damage had been done, the graver charge was withdrawn.— Jacobus Verbrugge, a shipchandler, carrying on busi- ness in Beach street, appeared to answer an information, sworn by William Davison, for selling wines, spirits, &c;, without a licence. Mr. Bancroft appeared to prosecute on behalf of the Licensed Victuallers' Association. On the 23rd December last Davison and a companion, named James Kennedy, went into Verbrugge's store, and, according to their evidence, a glass of brandy was purchased from Verbrugge himself, for which 6d. was paid. Verbrugge denied the charge point-blank, and produced two witnesses, a stevedore named Richard Robinson and a chandler named Anthony Dubelldann, who swore that he spent the whole of the day in question in their com- pany at Oakleigh. The magistrates therefore dismissed tho case. Verbrugge was then pro- ceeded against on another summons requiring him to satisfy the magistrates as to the pur- pose for which he had in his possession a quantity of wine, spirits, and beer. Davison, after his visit to the defendant's store, ob- tained a Beach-warrant, and a quantity of liquor was found on the premises, including a dozen or two bottles of brandy, whiskey, and gin, two cases of champagne, several of sherry, seven casks of bottled ale and one or two of porter. The finding of the liquor was proved by the police who executed the search-warrant, but it waa contended on behalf of the defendant by Mr. Read, his solicitor, that the quantity was not unreasonably, large for a ship chandler to have in his possession, and was not neces- sarily on his premises for illegal sale, as men of this sort had to do a good deal of treating in the course of their trade. The Bench, in order to have time to consider their decision, adjourned the case until next Thursday . A few other unimportant cases were dealt with before the adjournment of the court. Prahran (Before Messrs. Lacey, Carter, and Llewellyn).— On Thursday, Ferguson v. Freeling was a charge of assault, but the case was dismissed, as the complainant was shown to be as much to blame as the de- fendant..— Joseph Pickering was fined 20s. for depositing nightsoil without permission from the Local Board of Health, EAST COLLINGWOOD.— At this court on Fri- day, before Messrs. Turner, Wood, and Haines, a man named Archbald was sum- moned by his wife for assault. The matter was arranged by the husband agreeing to pay 25s. per week to the plaintiff for the purpose of separate maintenance.— Charles Hyland, landlord of the Burke and Wills Hotel, was fined 20s. for selling drink on Sunday morn- ing last.—-John Hobson, of the Gloucester Hotel,was charged with a somewhat similar offence, but as it was proved that the de- fendant was absent at the time the offence was committed the case was dismissed. WILLIAMSTOWN.— At this court, on Friday, Mary Hargreaves was charged with neglecting to contribute to the support of her children, who a few days ago were sent to the Indus- trial School. As she alleged that her health was not sufficiently good to enable her to work, the case was postponed till Tuesday in order that inquirios might be made concern- ing the truth of the statemen.— Elijah Withan, charged with deserting his wife at Malmsbury, was remanded to that locality.— Isaac Hop- kins was fined 5s., and ordered to pay 5s. costs for placing a heap of mortar on the thoroughfare in Nelson-place, there being no light upon the obstruction.— J. Hoey, who was sued by David Rodger for the recovery of £15 14s.11d. for goods sold and de- livered, was ordered to pay the amount with costs.— Thomas Carter was charged with neglect of duty as a seaman on board tho steamer Hero, but the case was settled between the captain and the man, the former agreeing to pay the prisoner his wages and give him his discharge. Messrs. Mollison, Franklin, and Wright occupied the bench. 