íjte Jimmu iii Sitars ,.WjBU^ thanks for all good things! .We can no ~ sleep at ease in our beda,, with no nightmare terroi «f being awakened by the. thunders- of Frene -cannon for letting a Gorman Bhip in with a cargo < sugar, or of being popped at by Prussian Sniders fe giving a French Bhip somo- forty tons of coal. Th -warning voico of Ur. Haskins sounded to me lik the awfully prophetio tones of Cassandra, foretollin, the downfall of Troy. ', Iii imagination I saw troop .f excited Zouaves running "up George street, "wit] tho 'light of battle on their faces," ns Dr. Russel said that they had at Inkermann ; and those terribli fellows the Turcos, who ara said to hundió ant discharge their rifles in us many postures as ari assumed by those astonishing gymnasts the Bröthen Gregory-leaping, jumping, tumbling head orei heels¿ *and performing other torri fio antics-were ever present to my disordered vision. - I bad though! of advising you, na a friend, to propitiate the foe by 'inscribing over your office those memorable, and, at it has proved, most truthful words, " L'EmpiÀ e'eit lapaix," and of recommending tho Government lo" organizo a corps of marius a cheval tomoot'the occasion. I thought, too, that the famous Life Brigade" of Fivo Hundred, who have >novor been heard - of einco tho day of ' Prince Alfred's ' public landing in Sydnoy, .and some say not .then, should at all events '.be how called ont for nctiv* service, and that tho his- torical Australian gimlet, destined to perform- the aervico of «inking tho French fleet, should be brought out bf store'nnd thoroughly grensod without delay; But hnppily these precautions aro now unnecessary. Tho Defence Commission hos been at last appointed, and'w-e' are savod ! Th oso burning words of tho Kember for Patrick's Plains havo awakened tho mili- I tory ardour of tho country ' like the blast of a trumpet: . : They liave aroused The lion in his den I Ho stalks abroad, And tho forest wldo echoes with his roar ! Let us Beo now who dares to wag a flngnr 'at us!,¡ I think, though, that, os wo have now H 'War Com- mission, we ought to have a Secretary for War also ; , and,', as the most completo anti-pacific embodiment I know amongst our puhlio mon, I would suggest Kr. Piddington for tho office. Ho would draw out his order of hattie and fight tho enemy by the book ; and- if either the Snidor or the Chassëpôt could stand against tho volley of quotations 'that ho could hurlagainstthofae,I should bo very greatly mistaken. I should bs very sorry to say any thing.rudo ; but you know there ia a pnssago in Hamlet whore the Danish Prince says to tho player, " Leave off your damnable faces, "and begin." I don't moan to say that tho officials of our war ofiico aro making faces, and only speak metaphorically ; but I hopo thoy'll set to work in earnest now. Tho subject thoy have to censider is not a now one. ,','... ¡ I waa told that at the Exhibition yesterday-for ! .was not there-amongst tho articles on view the« waa a very handsomely embroidered gold laced coat exhibited aa a sample court dress coat, I presume foi Australia ; and that some wag had surmounted lh< exhibit with a footman's hat. Vory likely thia wai intended as a dolicato hint for tho crest to bc adoptee by some of our ? dignitaries who not, long'.-agc .flourished in gold. Ince and cocked hats, and' wai meant as an ancestral reminiscence A capita] anecdote ia told of tho lato Marquis do Boissy-thal Anglophobian old Frenchman -who mado himself sc famous for his constant abuse of England and' the 'English, though ho is stated to have "candidly admitted in private that all his vexation aroao from envy. It happened that on some important occasion -I think it was on being made a Bonator-he wished to attend tho reception of tho Emperor Napoloon the Third, nt tho Tuileries ; but not having a full dress court suit, and thero being no time to order one, he arrayed himself in a'gorgeously embroidered coat which had belonged to his grandfather ; and, as -the old nobleman had neon a 'much largor man than his, descendant, the ludicrous misfit increased tho gro- tesqueness of tho wholo affair. Princo Lucien Murat, who was present, Seemed to bo particularly tickled, at tho kind of " Guy" tho Marquis had made "of himself, arid ventured to "toll him that it j looked very droll. "Why, yes," said tho old Marquis, "it is droll ; but it-would be droller if you appeared hore in a coat that had belonged to vouu grandfather." The hit was a very palpable ono, for the grandfather of Lucien Murat-the father o i th.obra.vo and unfortunate Joachim-"tho finest cavalry officer in tho world," ns the groat Napoleon ! called him-was a potty publicnn, tho keeper of a¡ small mountain auberge. However, in this case, the brilliancy of his son's career completely omhla-. zoned the obscurity of his origin; for with all tho faults of tho "beau sabreucr," there waa something, grand ubout tho man. His-bravery as a soldier was proverbial, and his appearance was so striking, that he might bo excusbd;£oj.'a little^vanity. I hayo read . somowhero thatj fr$6it. Najjoleon entered^Moscow, the Clacks ' crowded round Murat,--witn loud expressions ;ofadmiration, entreating him to bo their "Hetmán."" His'cruol"betrayal has been celebrated by Byron : . ^ ,; . Little didn't thou deem when dashing , On thy war-horse through tba ranks, Like a stream that burst its banks, /Willie helmets cleft and sabres clashing Shono and ahirer'd fast around theo. Ot tho fate at lost that found theo I Was that haughty plume laid low ? By a ULAVK'S dishonest blowr 1 Once, as tho moon sways o'er tbo tide, It roll'd in air-tho warrior's guido : . Through thc smoke-ctcatsd night, \- Of the black and sulphurous fight, The soldier rais'd his gloaming eye >. To catch tliat crest's ascendancy ; And os it onward, rolling, roso, So moved his heart upon »ur foes : ? i There, where death's brief pang was quickest. And the battle's wreck lay thickest, Strew'd beneath th* advancing banner , Of tho Eaglo'a burning crest ' ' There with thunder-clouds to fan her, ' ???Who could'then her wing arrest; . .Victory beaming from her breast ; .'.r While tho broken line, enlarging, Ï x "Fol1,:« fled^cioss th» "plain- 'vi There be sure was Murat charging ; . -. .'. Thoro bo no'er shall chargé again |.V «?«'. '* But this'digression'from á moro flunlroyja'/'tilo" to the bkttlo-fleld and ..tho " snow whito plumo" ot Murat, isj-.almost. unpardonable, and, apparently .illogical." What I moan to say is, that brilliant deeds shed a lustre over obscurity of'origin. I don't Irmow whether it has been so .with aU/our wearers of laced coats and cooked , hats. I súppÓBe it was the warlike tono of tho time that led me into a cavalry charge. v .' . ? ? '> I nm ofton amused by fending in tho papers some announcement of a gonerous presentation tb some public institution-such as » bundle of M.S. rejected by tho nowspapo'rs, to tho Freo- Public Library, or-»' black pipo| 'supposed to havo belongod to an aboriginal nativo .'pf tho lost j generation to tho Sydney Museum, i But (of »ll tho generous presents »dvertiaed.-for .?/?Jeng^time,-ooromend-jno-to that which aopears in the,reports of last Wedncsday'e pro waedinga in tko Legislative. Assembly, from whick it .oems that the -proprietors''of tbe<S</dntyr2firiiiti9 Herald have laid the munificent sum of thi pence upon the alta» of their country, coadition that the fact shall he dury advertised in ' Government Gazelle, or at loast by means of 1 Government Printer. ? Mr; G. À. Lloyd havi asked the Colonial Secretary whether he had nu any arrangements for an extra supply of thal monthly supplements issued by your contempora Ur. Cowper "had the pleasure" of stating that t proprietors ' had " gratuitously placed the inforn tion contained in tho'summary kt the disposal ,&e;'Government, provided it was thought proper publish the same, through the Government Print* in a pamphlet form, making the usual acknowled ment that the information was derived from t paper referred to." Mr. Cowper added, that, his ' opinion, tho proprietors deserved "tho than of the Government" for having acted so "han somely." Well, now, I don't think that I am i ungrateful man ; but really, as ono of the commuai supposed to be represented by the Government, don't see what I have to bo thankful for. They si that the definition'of thc tenn "a generous churcl warden" is one who, when ho' sweeps the chun with tho hair of his head, gives tho dust to the poor and this seems something of the samo kind of gen. rosity. Mind you, I don't mean to say that tho: gentlemen aro not genorous, and charitable to I take that for granted. But certainly th case is no proof of . it. They publish; certain paper, and fix a prico on it; an according to tho right of invariable custom f least, any other paper, or any individual, ma republish the whole or any portion of the contenti provided that it be duly acknowledged. This i what the Government now propose to do ; but i soema that they aro to be allowed to do i " gratuitously," from which I gathor that they hav boon presented with a copy of tho papor, tho cost c which, I perceive, is threepence. For thia vuluabl consideration the Government virtually adopt whu the Herald says in tho matter, lind give it tho officia stamp of authenticity. It may bo all right ; bul such a precedent might lead to inconvenience. Hov would it do to publish a few of tho Herald' political leaders in the Government Gazette Y Judging from Into Fiji papers, it would appen] that that group of' islands is becoming a' regula: commercial Alsatia, under tho protection of tho grea Iving Cakobau. A form of constitution is beinr. prepared, providing for two Houses of Parliament .ne consisting of whites and the other of blacks The qualification for tho Upper House, I suppose, will be the fact of < having chiselled a, given number oi creditors, in Australia or elsewhere ; and that foi the Lowor Chamber, tho proof of each honorable gentleman having eaton a certain number of mis- sionaries or Fijians. A distinguished Australia! defaulter has been appointed commercial agent tc King Cakobau, and is enjoined to collect al] moneys due to him without dolny. Hurrah foi Fiji ! After all, it must be a fino thing to live in n place where " the Queen's writ doesn't run," and where any adventurous sheriffs officer who dared to I presont himtolf with a document witnessed by." Otu trusty and wollbeloved Sir Alfred Stophen, Knight," i would be likely to bo handed over to a tribe as hungry as his . own, to bo cooked for tiffin. Tho immigrant Fijians are highly exclusive too, I jier I coive. At one of their meetings two " late arrivals," having had tho temerity to offer thoir opinions, were met by a protest against tho interference of "out- siders." At a later period the " new chums" mus- tered in greater force, and, probably considering that tho object of the mooting-which -was to procuro a form of government'for the town of Levuka-was one in which they had somo little interest, bogan to take what is culled " too prominent a part in the proceedings," in consequence of which tho meeting \ adjourned in disgust. Some of tho advertisements in tho paper aro indicativo of a, most wholesomo abhorrence of civil suits and " unjust incarceration." These glorious sons of liberty, who have wiped out those monsters "duns" and "blims" from their institutions, deserve the thanks of nil the world. They ore likely to found a community who will cherish . their memories liko thoso. of. tho Pilgrim Fathers who landed on thu Plymouth Bock, for the ' liberty they have sought and found is yet denied to ¡ the impecunious hero. I 