SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The long-continued and dreary session of 1869 came to a -welcome close on the 28th of last month, when His Excellency Viscount Canterbury prorogued Parlia- ment, and dismissed hon. members to their homes. A session so long, and yet BO characterised by small results, pur- poseless discussions of abstract questions, fcut too-well founded charges of political corruption against hon. members, and by the angry fights of faction, has never previously disgiaced the history of Vic- toria, and it is most devoutly to be hoped that it will be unique, At the date of our last summary the Legislative Assembly was engaged in the consideration of the charges of corrup- tion which had been preferred by a select committee appointed to investi- gate the matter, against two members of Parliament. Air. Stutt, one of the members implicated, had already been whitewashed, and, according to our anticipations, his companion in misfortune underwent the same plea- sant operation. The result would no doubt have been very different, but the M'Culloch faction, who, headed by Messrs. G. P. Smith and Vale, were using the most strenuous efforts to fight their way back to the Treasury benches, required to aid them in their honourable work the votes of these men and some three or four others with whom they are associated. Under the plea, there- fore, of defending the administration of Mr. Grant, the Minister for Lands, in the preceding M'Culloch Administration, conduct of the grossest possible kind was condoned, and the Attorney General of that Government again disgraced himself by undertaking in Parliament the defence of Mr. Miller, as he had before disgraced himself in the case of Mr. Stutt. Mr. Miller's conduct, as demonstrated by his own admissions and letters, was, however, far worse than that of the other member whose case had been previously dealt with. Besides other very question- able transactions, to which it is now unnecessary to refer, it was found that this hon. gentleman first induced a selector to evade the land law, and then, with almost unparalleled trea- chery, taking advantage of the very proceedings of which he had himself been the cause, he procured the for- feiture of the man's land, which was at once applied for by his-Miller's-own brother-in-law. That notwithstanding their vote in Miller's favour, the Assembly was not not at all satisfied with the manner in which members had been permitted to interfere in the administra- tion of the Lands department, was very clearly demonstrated by the fact that almost immediately afterwards it passed a resolution, recommending that the inquiry which had been com- menced by the committee referred to should be continued by a Royal Commission. This commission will, it is expected, be appointed in a few days, and will consist of two leading barristers and an eminent merchant. It is highly desirable that on the eve of a new Land Act coming into operation, there should be a most rigid investigation into the manner in which the old one has been administered, so that as far as possible all those improper practices which have hitherto obtained may be carefully guarded against. The Land Bul, the fate of which at one time appeared so very doubtful, eventually passed both Houses of Par- liament on the 27th of December, re- ceived the Royal assent on the 2Sth, and will come into operation on the 1st of next month. The difficulty occa- sioned by the opposite views taken by the Legislative Council and the Legis- lative Assembly respectively, were ami- cably settled by a compromise arrived at at a conference between com- mittees appointed by the two Cham- bers, and the recommendations of this joint committee were afterwards carried into effect. The scope of the act is fully explained elsewhere, and, therefore, it is sufficient to say here that, taking the circumstances of the colony and its vast resources into con- sideration, the new land law of Victoria is certainly as liberal, and perhaps more liberal, than that of any colony of the empire. We offer a home to all and any quantity of land-not already oc- cupied-up to 320 acres, for £1 per acre, with ten years to pay the pur- chase-money in. This certainly should induce a healthy stream of immigration to our shores, especially when it is re- membered that labour is scarcer and wages are higher than they have been for years past, that all the necessaries of life are far cheaper than in England, that we are just about commencing a main line of railway to the northern limit of the colony, and that for some years we shall be engaged in the work of railway extension, so that, with the settlement which is now rapidly taking place, there must be a constant and increasing demand for labour of Ä&ftost; every description for a very long «fee to come. All the female servants who recently arrived by the Charlotte Gladstone were engaged at wages ave- raging from £20 to £30 a year immedi- ately upon the Immigration Depot being thrown open to employers; and the result would have been the same had their number been four times as great. The resolutions proposed by Mr. Higinbotham relative "to the relations between England and her colonies, after having been considered in committee of the whole, were adopted by the Assembly on the last day but one of the session. They have been given at length in a former summary of The Argus, and as it is evident they can have but little practical effect,- it is now necessary merely to allude to them. They have excited but little interest, and when their adoption was moved, it was agreed to as a mere matter of form, not a word being said on the subject. An attempt was made by a few of the more rational of the members to render the resolution reflecting on the action of the colonists in England with regard to the proposed colonial conference some- what less uncourteous, but the effort was unsuccessful, and the whole of the re- solutions passed in the same form as that in which they were first proposed. It is satisfactory to be able to an- nounce that the finances of the colony are in a most flourishing condition. The revenue for 1869 will far exceed the original estimate, and it is pretty cer- tain that a sum of over £200,000 will be carried forward to the credit of the current year. Parliament stands prorogued to the 28th inst., but it is not likely to re- assemble before the middle of February. SOCIAL. In social matters this month, tho holidays may fairly claim first notice. At one time, indeed, it appeared that for the civil servants at least there would bo no holidays at all, or else holidays without the means of enjoying them. The Appropriation Bill, however, having at last been passed, the public employes will get their money, and those who from the pressure of circumstances could not join in the Christmas festivities have been able to take part with all the greater zest in those of the New Year, The political difficulties which quite late in the month seemed to be gathering around us did not interfere much with the general enjoyment of Christmas, with a more than usually bountiful harvest, with trade successful, and with plenty of employment for the working classes, the delay in passing the Appropriation Bill caused little individual anxioty except to the public servants, and the great bulk of tho popula- tion devoted themselves as usual amuse- ment and enjoyment. Christmas Day in the city was observed very quietly, the customary religious services being held in the principal churches, but the various parks and marine resorts were visited by large numbers of family picnic parties and other holiday-makers bent on enjoying the sunshine and fresh air. The public amusements were of course reserved until Boxing Day, when, as it seemed, the whole population turned out to enjoy them. There were athletic sports on the Melbourne Cricket-ground, an Oddfellows' fete at tho Friendly Societies' Gardens, a Roman Catholic picnic in the South Botanical Bcserve, races at Croxton park, a fête champêtre at Williamstown, and otheramusements which it would beimpossible to enumerate. All these were well attended, some of them by many thousands of persons, and most of the places of public entertain- ment in the city at night were crowded. Not- withstanding the large assemblages of people drawn together at particular points, the holi- day-makers of all classes conducted them- selves in a manner that was creditable to the community. New Year's Day was almost a repetition of Boxing Day. Out-door enter- tainments of a similar class were provided, on as liberal a scale, and crowds again flocked to witness or take part in them. Though the weather was pleasant enough during the Christmas festivities, it was quite the reverse for many days preceding them. Extreme heat alternated with stormy and gusty weathe, and the Christmas week was ushered in with one of the hottest days we have experienced for some time. A fierce hot wind blew in the morning and afternoon, and about two hours after midday the maxi- mum temperature was reached, the thermo- meter at the Observatory standing at 108'4deg. in the shade, and l52deg. in the sun. Since 1858 such a temperature in the month of December has only been exceeded once, viz., in December, 1868, when it reached 110deg. The only other occasions since 1858 on which a higher temperature in the shade has been recorded were in January, 1862, when it was 111.2deg., and in January, 1860, when it was 111 deg. The next day (Tuesday) was not quite so hot, but the weather was, if possible, still more oppressive . In the evening, however, a cool southerly breeze with rain set in, and the weather has since been delightfully pleasant. The excessive heat of Monday and Tuesday was felt gene- rally throughout the colony, and in some localities the thermometer indicated oven a higher temperature than that recorded in Melbourne. In South Australia the heat about the same time was so severe that the crops have been injuriously affected by it. Telegraphic intelligence of the death of His Excellency the Governor's brother, the late Viscount Canterbury, was received by the late mail. The deceased lord's honours descend to His Excellency, who succeeds to the peerage as third Viscount Canterbury. Addresses of condolence on his brother's death have been presented by both Houses of Parliament to His Excellency, who was unable, in conse- quence of his bereavement, to attend a Par- liamentary dinner to which he had been in- vited. The Flying Squadron left Hohson's Bay on the 7th December for Sydney ; but in conse- quence of a strong gale blowing from the north-west, the vessels had to anchor near the Quarantine-ground for the night. The next morning they sailed for Sydney, arriving there on the 13th December. On the day before the squadron sailed, Admiral Hornby and a party of officers visited Ballarat, where they were received en- thusiastically by crowds of persons who had assembled in the streets to welcome them to tho metropolis of the gold- fields. The visitors were entertained at breakfast at the Royal and George hotels, after which they were driven off to inspect the Band of Hope and Albion Consols and the Prince of Wales Companies' workings. The officers and some of the leading citizens sub- sequently partook of a substantial luncheon provided in the Mechanics' Institute, and in reply to a toast in honour of the Navy, Ad- miral Hornby expressed how grateful the squadron felt for their reception in Vic- toria. The visitors returned to Melbourne immediately afterwards, and in the even- ing they attended a ball given in their honour at the New Exhibition-building, under the auspices of the Sailors' Home Com- mittee. At Sydney the admiral and his officers have been very hospitably entertained, and preparations have been made to give them a fitting reception at Hobart Town, which is the next port to be visited. The squadron left Sydney for Hobart Town on. the 27th December, at which place they have by this time no doubt arrived. With, the holidays comes round the time for holding the annual "speech days" of our public schools. This year they have been held with, if anything, more than the usual éclat. That of the Scotch College took place in St. George's-hall, in the presence of a large assemblage of the parents and friends of the pupils, the prizes being distributed by His Excellency the Governor. On the next day His Excellency the Governor attended a similar celebration at the Church of England Grammar School, and on the day after he dis- tributed the prizes at the Wesley College. The speech-day of St. Patrick's College was held a few days afterwards, and all the other edu- cational establishments of importance have had their celebrations. Information has been received by a private letter from Mauritius, that Sir Henry Barkly expects to be relieved, about February or March next, by Mr. Arthur Gordon, the present Governor of Trinidad, who has been appointed to succeed Sir Henry in the governorship of Mauritius. Sir Henry Barkly will leave for England immediately after the arrival of his successor. The Hon. J. F. Sullivan, the Minister of Mines in the late M'Culloch Cabinet, is about to retire from political life. Archbishop Folding, of Sydney, who left by the last mail with the intention of attending the (Ecumenical Council at Rome, has returned. The venerable prelate was taken seriously ill at Aden, and hence his un- expected return. The North-eastern Railway is to be pushed on with all reasonable despatch. A pre- liminary notice to contractors has been pub- lished in the Gazette, to, the effect that the Government of Victoria proposes to call for tenders for the various works of the first 60 miles, or thereabouts, of the railway (181 miles long) in the first week of February, 1870\. A period of one month from the above date is to be given to contractors to prepare their tenders. Electoral returns compiled for this journal show that the number of electors now on the roll for the Legislative Council is 21,238, being an increase on the numbers for 1868 of 8,617. This large increase, which is equivalant to 65 per cent, on the former total, has been caused by the reduction in the qualification of electors consequent upon the passing of the Legislative Council Reform Act. In the case of the Legislative Assembly, the number of electors has fallen from 131,005 to 113,479, a decrease of 17,526. On the 29th December the crowning stone was raised to the summit of the new Town hall, and deposited in its place, in the pre- sense of the mayor and several members of the corporation, the architect, and the con- tractors, who gave a luncheon in honour of the occasion. It was only on the 4th of September, 1868, that the freestone work of the building was commenced. Since then, on an average, 130 men have been employed on every working day, but the entire work of placing the stones in their courses has been performed by one man, a native of Scotland. Internally the work is not completed, but it progresses fast, and the building, which will be a credit to the colony, will be finished within a very few months. Papers laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly have supplied fuller particulars concerning the recent Customs frauds. In the case of Messrs Levy Brothers, it appears that a large quantity of goods of various descriptions, imported by the Kate Kellock, Ernestine Alexander Duthie, Holmsdale, Duke of Edinburgh, and Essex, were seized for being fraudulently entered, with a view of evading a portion of the duty payable thereon. The fraud consisted of the com- pilation hero of invoices not only materially reducing the value, but also, in many instances, the quantities, and was obviously the most deliberate and systematic fraud yet discovered. The amount of the revenue sought to be evaded was £268 13s, 9d. On the 28th October, 1867, the same firm was fined £11 19s. for undervaluing axes and handles for duty, and the Commissioner of Customs, having considered the foregoing circumstances, fined Messrs. Levy Brothers £1,000, the goods seized to be given up on their paying the duty due in excess of that fine. The fine and additional duty were paid. An importer of saddlery has since been fined £25. for passing false entries. At the last meeting of the Royal Society, Mr. Sydney Gibbons read a paper on the "State of our Water Supply," in which he expressed the opinion that although the Yan Yean water is at present perfectly pure and good, it will not, under existing condi- tions, always remain so. The Whittlesea drainage, he says, is finding its way into the Yan Yean reservoir. It has not yet got there, owing to the swamps and flat country which intervene, but it is on it way, and ultimately the contents of the reservoir will be affected. In the discussion which followed the reading of the paper, some of the members seemed disposed to think that the danger had been over-estimated, but all admitted the desira- bilility of averting by some means or other the threatened calamity. The services of a number of employés in the Water Supply department are about to be dispensed with in consequence of the near completion of the works authorised to be con- structed by the department. They have been refused compensation by the department, and have presented a petition to Parliament on the subject. A reduction is also taking place in the Crown Lands office by the discharge of a number of the supernumeraries. They also ask for compensation, and in reply to an inquiry made in the Legislative Assembly, it was announced by the Minister of Lands that the Government would consider the question during the recess, with a view to the adoption of some general principle on the subject. The Government surveying steamer Pharos has recently returned from a survey of the east coast of Wilson's Promontory. Lieutenant Stanley speaks of the coast as possessing an excellent climate, and it would appear to be well-suited for bathing or fishing towns. Fish abound on the whole east coast of the pro- montory, but the best fishing ground is Rab- bit Island, which lies about one mile from the shore. Here one haul of the seine was, on nearly every occasion, sufficient not only to give the officers and crew of the Pharos fresh fish for several meals, but one-half of the haul was nearly always permitted to escape. Another salmon smolt has been caught at Cox's Beach, Hobart Town. It measured 12in. long by 6in. in girth, and looked a splen- did fish. Interesting reports of the success of various acclimatising experiments made by the Vic- torian Society are constantly coming to hand. At a recent meeting of the council of the as- sociation, a letter was received from Mr. Samuel Wilson, of Longerenong, in which he said:— "I have now the gratifying news to tell you that the ostriches have hatched 12 young birds in one nest, which are getting on very nicely. As this is the first time that ostriches have bred in the colonies, the event is the more interesting. The incubation was continued for about six weeks, and only one egg failed to produce a bird. The male and female sit on the nest by turns, which was seldom, if ever, loet without one or other. The nest was a sandy hollow, without any grass or rubbish, and the eggs were quite un- covered. Another pair laid 11 eggs, but the time was too early in the winter, and, owing to the cold, the hatching was a failure. All the birds are in good condition, and now that a commencement has been made, a rapid in- crease in their numbers may be expected. I shall forward a parcel of feathers soon. The axis and red deer continue to increase, and are still doing well. The Angora goats seem to enjoy the climate, and have yielded a beau- tiful fleece of long silky mohair." Cases of successful treatment of snake-bite by Professor Halford's remedy-the injection of ammonia into the veins-are becoming of almost every-day occurrence . One of the latest reported is that of a woman named Watson, residing near Taradale, who was bitten by a brown snake just above the ankle. Ordinary remedies were tried, but did not prove of any avail. Six hours after the bite had been inflicted, and when the woman was sinking into a state of coma, ammonia was injected into the large vein of the left arm, when the patient immediately rallied, and in 12 hours appeared to have entirely re- covered. Professor Halford's services to humanity, in introducing this valuable re- medy, are about to receive recognition of a practical kind. A meeting, at which many members of the medical profession were pre- sent, has been held, and a committee has been formed to procure funds for a substantial presentation. Mr. Jas. Moore, J. P., has been appointed comptroller of savings banks and secretary to the commissioners of savings banks, in the place of Mr. Chas. Flaxman, deceased. Mr. Wardell, inspector-general of public works, proceeds to England by the mail, on leave¡of absence for a year. Mr. Higin- botham, the engineer-in- chief, will take Mr. Wardell's place, as acting inspector, during his absence. The Rev. A. M. Ramsay, of St. Enoch's Church, Melbourne, the oldest resident clergy- man in Melbourne, died on the last day of December, from paralysis. Mr. Ramsay ar- rived in this colony, with his wife and family, on the 4th January, 1847, and shortly after- wards commenced the formation of the first Presbyterian Church in Melbourne uncon- nected with the state. The result of the movement at last culminated in the erection of St. Enoch's Church, Melbourne, of which Mr. Ramsay has been on for many years the pastor. On the 28th December, Mr. James Maiden, formerly of Maiden's Punt, and at one time the owner of extensive stations on the Mur- ray, Billabong, and Lachlan, died at Sand- hurst, in the 60th year of his age. Mr. Mai- den was a very old colonist. He came over- land from Goulburn about the year 1835, and shortly afterwards commenced to form sta- tions out of the Riverina country, then almost a terra incognita. He was at one time possessed of very considerable wealth,, but reverses came, and he died comparatively poor. Mr. Downie, a Collingwood grocer, has met with a shocking death. He was engaged in removing some tins of kerosene from a shed which was on fire, and while doing so, one of the tins exploded, burning him severely over almost the whole surface of the body. He died next morning. In the early part of 1869 a serious attack of the mountaineers of Viti Levu, Fiji, was made upon the plantation of Messrs. Burt and Underwood, in that island, for supposed ill-treatment by the proprietors of some of the natives in their service. Messrs. Burt and Underwood are American citizens, and on complaint being made by the consul at Fiji the United States Government sent the U.S ship of war Jamestown to the place. Captain Truxtum has been investigating the grievance and the result is a decision in favour of Burt and Underwood, damages £10,000 (50,000dol). The white settlers of Fiji are much pleased with this decision, making them more desirous than ever of getting the protection of the United States Government. Accord ing to the last advices, the Polynesia Com- pany's affairs were steadily progressing, and the schooner they were building was rapidly approaching completion, being expected to be launched in November last. A sacred cantata, by Mr. S.H. Marsh, "In Thee, O Lord, have I put my trust," the words of which have been taken from the 71st Psalm, has just been published by sub- scription. The composition, which judges pronounce to be an excellent one, was sung by, and received the approbation of, Madam Anna Bishop, during her last professional visit to this city. Much excitement has been caused amongst the mining community, and particularly at Ballarat, by the result of the prosecution of Philip Davies, late the mining manager of the Prince of Wales Company, for stealing gold from tho Bonshaw Company's claim. The Bonshaw and the Prince of Wales companies hold adjoining claims at Ballarat, the latter on Crown lands, the former on private pro- perty purchased from Mr. Winter, and under the directions of the defendant, who acted in accordance with instructions from the direc- tors, secretdrive was carried into the Bonshaw claim, and £8.000 worth of gold taken out. The jury convicted Davies of larceny, but a number of points were reserved, one of them being that the gold was- not taken with felonious intent. All the points, however were overruled, and the conviction sustained Davies, when called up for judgment, handed in a written statement, in which he urged that he had not been guilty of any felonious intent, and had derived no benefit from the removal of the gold. Mr. Justice Williams, in passing sentence, observed that though the defendant personally had received no benefit and though others were possibly guilty, yet as it was by him the crime was committed, he must bear the punishment. The sentence would be made light because it was the first case, but a caution was held out that the next offender would be severely punished. Davies was then sentenced to six months' imprison- ment. At Ballarat, where the affair took place, the opinion was that the punishment ought to be remitted, and a petition was got up for presentation to the Executive, which was signed by 4,507 persons, including 3 mayors, 6 justices, 4 barristers, and l8 solici- tors. After mature deliberation, the Execu- tivo Council decided that the term of im- prisonment to which Mr. Davies had been sentenced should be reduced from six months to one month. It was also resolved that Mr. Davies should be relieved from the necessity of wearing prison clothing. In a case recently before the Supreme Court — Russell v. Parkinson— a question of some importance as regards the land legislation of the colony under the act of 1865 was decided. Russell had selected some land under the act of 1865 and had a lease granted to him, one of the covenants of which was that he should make improvements of a cer- tain value on the land within two years. He did not make the improvements within the required time, but the Government accepted rent from him subsequently to the expiration of the two years. Afterwards, however, the Commissioner for Crown Lands forfeited the lease, partly on account of the improvements not having been made, and partly because Russell was said to have taken up the allot ments on behalf of a squatter. A lease of the forfeited land was issued to Parkinson, but Russell resisted his claim, and brought an action against him for trespass. The jury negatived the proposition;, that Russell was a dummy for the squatter, and the Court held that the acceptance of rent by the Govern- ment after the lapse of the two years was a waiver of the forfeiture for non-improve- ment. The land therefore still belongs to Russell. On behalf of the Government, the Chief Secretary promised that the application of the Board of Agriculture for the continuance of the annual grant shall be considered. Mr. Macpherson has expressed himself in favour of the board being retained in some form. The grand fancy bazaar in aid of the build- ing fund of the Molbourne Benevolent Asy- lum, which was opened on the13th December, although perhaps not quite so successful as had been anticipated, partly on account of the extreme heat of the weather during a portion of the time, and partly, no doubt, because of its being held so shortly before the Christmas holidays, yet passed off in the most satisfactory manner. In the absence of His Excellency the Governor, who could not attend, the opening ceremony was per- formed by the hon. the Chief Secretary, in the presence of a large number of ladies and gentlemen, including Major-General Sir Trevor Chute and Lady Chute, the mayor and mayoress of Melbourne, &c.; The bazaar was kept open for more than a week, and the aggregate sum realised, including donations in cash, amounts to about £3,000. Extensivo defalcations by the accountant of the Commercial Bank, Melbourne, Mr. Thomas Webb Draper, have come to light. The amount of which the institution has been defrauded is variously stated. The first report placed the bank's loss at no less a sum than £18,000, and it is believed that the actual amount will be found to be not much less. Draper has been brought before the City Police Court on three charges-one of forgery, one of embezzlement, and the other of larceny . Only the charge of embezzle- ment, however, has at present been heard. The evidence taken showed that on the 1st November last Draper had been paid cheques by Messrs. Darbyshire and Brunke amounting to £1,030 9s.. 6d., for the purpose of opening a running account in their name, but that instead of doing so he had paid £727 18s. 11d. into his own account, and £260 into that of Messrs. Clarke and Co., to whom he owed money, keeping back only a cheque for £12 odd. Afterwards, on the 27th November, Draper paid in the cheque for £42, together with a fictitious debit slip for £987 18s. 11d. on the Colonial Bank in London, to the ac- count of Darbyshire and Brunke, 26 days after he had been given the money. This debit slip is one of the documents he is charged with forging, and there is also an accountable receipt for £4,000 . It was stated by the prosecution that there were many other cases of forgery against Draper, those proceeded with being, in fact, only indivi- dual instances of a series. Upon the evi- dence submitted the Bench committed the prisoner for trial at the next General Sessions. Private speculations, recklessly entered into, appear to have been the chief cause of Mr. Draper's ruin. Besides dealing extensively in mining stocks,he has for some time been speculating in breadstuffs, candles, cornsacks, spirits, and other merchandise, and he was also a large losor' at the last Bal- larat races . From first to last he has suc- ceeded in getting through a large sum of money-a fortune of £8,000 which came into his possession on his father's death having disappeared with the funds of the bank. A will case of a rather extraordinary nature has been brought before the Supreme Court. Mr. William Law, seedsman, of Swanston street, was taken ill on the 6th September last. On the 13th, at the suggestion of his partner, Mr. Somner, he made a will, leaving his wife his house property, and dividing the rest equally between his wife and two chil- dren. The will was prepared on 14th Sep- tember, and was signed by Mr. Law, in the presonce of witnesses, on the 15th . A few hours after he signed it he died. For some unexplained reason, Mrs. Law contested the validity of the will, alleging that at the time her husband signed he was unconscious of what he was doing ; but, on the other hand, a number of persons who had no interest under the will swore that he was perfectly conscious till the time of his death. Mr. Justice Molesworth, who was asked to grant probate, thought the will was executed at a time when Mr. Law was not fully aware of what he, was doing, and refused to grant the application. His decision was appealed against, and at the hearing of the appeal, Mrs. Law, who. it appeared, received more under the will than she would in case of in- testacy, withdrew her opposition. A state grant of £2,500 has been made to the family of the late Rev. W. Hill, who was mur- dered, while in the discharge of his religions duties, by a convict at Pentridge . An addi- tional sum of £2,819 bos been raised by pri- vate contribution in different parts of the colony, and the two amounts will be invested in securities for the benefit of the deceased gentleman's family. A sad accident occurred on the Sandhurst railway during the visit of the Flying Squadron. Mr. W. Taggart, a railway tele- graph operator at Castlemaine, had, in com- mon with other employés on the line, paid a visit by this train to the squadron, and on returning got out at Woodend. In attempt- ing to cross the line he was run over by the train, which had started without his being aware of it, and he was cut to pieces. The calamity was rendered the more distressing on account of the deceased being the only support of an aged mother. A boat accident, by which it is supposed five persons have lost their lives, occurred in the bay on Sunday evening, 26th December. A Maori fisherman living at Rosebud, near Dromana, agreed to convey four young men, supposed to be Richard Knott, Richard Barry, Richard Abbott, and Richard Betwright, stonemasons, employed by Mr. Muir, contractor, at the Quarantine, in his boat to the Quarantine ground. Shortly afterwards the five left, and were never seen on shore again. About 10 minutes after they were last seen on shore a gust of wind suddenly sprung up from the westward, the weather having been quite calm previously. The next day the body of the Maori was washed ashore, and also two of the oars belonging to the boat. Mr. W. A. Chapman, the conjuror, who has been performing at Weston's Opera house, was brought up at the City Police Court a short time since, at the in- instance of Messrs. Weston and Hussey, charged with larceny as a bailee. The case for the prosecution was that Mr. Chapman had received moneys from Mr. Weston to purchase paraphernalia for some of his tricks, and that he had applied the funds to his own purposes, The charge was not made out, however, and the case was dismissed. Mr. Chapman has intimated his intention of bringing an action against Messrs. Weston and Hussey for false imprisonment. Tho foundation-stone has been laid of a new school and chapel buildings on the grounds of the Convent of Mercy, Nicholson street. Tho stone was laid by the Very Rev. J. 'Fitzpatrick, tho vicar-general, tho Rovs. Dr. Beosanti and P. J. Slattery officiating as deacons, assisted by the ltevs. J. P. O'sulli- van, J. O'Driscoll, J. F. Corbett, J. Dalton, and other mombers of the Roman Catholic clergy. Tho new buildings will próvido six schoolrooms, 40ft. by 30ft., two class-rooms and a convent chapel to faco Palmer and Nicholson streots. Tho structure, which is to be of bluestone with facings like the other portions of the convent, will consist of two storeys, the length being 108ft. The Chief Secretary, the other day, laid the foundation stone of a mechanics' insti- tute at Brunswick. The various local bodies and friendly societies took part in the ceremony, which was followed by a public soirée in the evening. Dissatisfied with tho finding of tho jury awarding ono of his domestic sorvants the sum of £75 damages for false imprisonment, on a charge of stealing a brooch, the Rev. Charles Clark, of the Baptist Church, Albert street, Melbourne, appliod to the full court for a new trial. The court, however, de- clined to have the proceedings re-opened. The manager of the Taradalo branch of the National Bank (Henry G. Downman) has beon charged at the CityPolico Court, Melbourne, with embezzling moneys belonging to the bank. It was shown that tho defendant overdrew his account largely, but disguised this fact by paying in every Monday previous to sending an abatract of the business done during tho week a cheque covering the greater part of the overdraft, drawn in his wife's name, on the Carlton branch of tho Com- mercial Bank. Ultimately an inspection of his books showed how mattors wero going on, and the defendant was arrested. Ho has been committed for trial. Tho participators in tho M'Kinlay frauds, who wero convicted last month, have now \- received their sentences. This is the case, it will be remembered, in which tho M'Kinlay Brothers, merchants carrying on business in Sydney, defrauded their creditors by obtain- ing on credit large quantities of goods, which having been shippod in the Snowbird for the northern parts o£ Queensland, wore clandes- tinely removed from that vesaol and taken under the caro of two men named Rogers and O'Brien to Melbourne, whero they were sold. To conceal the fraud, tho Snowbird was sot fire to on the voyage, and her commander, Captain Shaw, was found guilty of burning her with intent to defraud the insurance company. Some points of law which were raised on behalf ot the prisonors woro decided against thom by the full Court, and thoy were sentenced to the following torms of im- prisonment with hard labour-.-Denis M'Kin- lay, five years ; Patrick M'Kinlay, two years : Rogers, five years ¡ O'Brien, five years ; and Shaw, six years. A pathetic incident occurred the other day at Maude, about six miles south of Steiglitz. Two little boys, aged 7 and 11 respectively, sons of Mr. John Richards, farmer, of Maude, had been sent to the post-office, distant about a milo from their home, for letters. On their way back tho elder of the two appears to havo been seized with a fit, which immediately proved fatal. Their protracted absence alarmed the family, and a search was mado for the missing boys. When thoy wore found, a touching sight prosented itself. By the side of the corpse of the elder brother lay his little companion, who had cried himself to sleep, and whoso forlorn sense of bereavement and loneliness must have boon deepened by the gathering darkness, and by the growing rigid- ity and coldness of the mute body to which ho still clung with an affection that was stronger than fear. A woman at Blanket-flat, near Daylesford, lately, after a quarrel with her husband, stabbed him to the heart with a knife such as butchers use. Tho deceased, whoso name is Thomas Blakey, kept a small alehouso, and for-a long time the couple had not livod amicably together. Tho woman has been committed for trial for murder. Extraordinary charges havo been made at different times, but few moro so than ono of bigamy recently brought before the magis- trates at the Richmond: Police Court. Tho prisoner was Patrick Rossiter, and the prose cutrix his wife. The only reason that the latter had for causing the prosecution was that she believed sho had seen her husband's name in the marriage registry of Dr. Bragge, registrar of births, marriages, and deaths at Hawthorn. Dr. Bragge produced tho register book, when it was found that the name pointed out by the prosecutrix was not that of the prisoner at all, and the_ Bench, of course, dismissed the case immediately. Archibald, tho publican whoso fate was for some time left undecided by the Executive, has been executed at Rockhampton, in Queensland, for being concerned in the murder of Mr. Halligan. Ho made no con- fession, but seemed penitent, and resigned to his doom. A revolting case of cruelty to a child lately came before the Malmsbury Bench. A Mrs. Foster, residing with a man named Clarke, near the Red-hill, on the Daylesford-road, was the offender, and tho victim was ono of Clarke's children, a little girl. It was ex- amined soon after it .received tho ill- usage, and its body presented a shocking sight. From the waist up to the head it was a mass of livid ilesb, from which, in places, the blood appeared just ready to exudo. Somo of the bruises appoared to bo older than tho others, and these the child said wero tho result of a beating which her fathor had given her a week boforo. Tho others wero caused by Mrs. Foster on tho day of tho examination. Tliero was also a cut in tho head and a bruise on tho forohead. To tho surprise of every ono in court, the Bench simply ordered a small fine to bo paid. A death caused by a Hash of lightning took fii ace at Castlemaine during a rocent storm. A ittlo girl, daughter of a Mrs. Gray, was sit- ting at a table, when a portion of tho houso was struck by lightning, and the olectric fluid coming m contact with the child, sot her clothing in flames, and so injured the girl herself that, after lingering for a few hours, sho died. The chair on which tho child was sitting was shattered to pieces. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. At length tho clouds that so long darkened our political sky havo cleared up, and though the horizon is full of threatening signs, a cheerful aspect is for tho present thrown over affairs. Spite of intriguo and factious opposi- tion, fighting with the forms of Parliament for its weapons, tho Macpherson Ministry have successfully pursued their career to tho end They have brought tbo session to a closo, and secured the passage of the measures in which the country was moro particularly interested. The session lasted from the 11th Fobruary to the 29th December, and its records of busi- ness done are almost barren. At tho very last the, foiled obstructionists in tho Assombly again attempted their old game of provoking tho Upper House in order to create a diversion and get up a falso cry ; but, fortunately for the country, wiser counsels prevailed in the end, and the Parliamentary bugles have sung truce. leis true that in rcf cronce to tho charges brought against Messrs. Stutt and Miller-two M'Cullochito members charged with participa- tion in tho corruptions in tho Land department -their comrades succeeded in comfortably whitewashing them ; but tho united force of tho whole body was insufficient to prcvont tho House recommending tho Government to proceed with its project of appointing a Royal Commission to investigate tho practices which have so long prevailed at tho Lands depart- ment, and examine witnesses upon oath. This commission will bo soon appointed ; and it is promised that its members sholl bo porsons in whom the country genorally will have con- fidence. That subject was tho first dealt with after the Decombor mails loft. Tho Govern- ment then proceeded to push on with the Estimates, and, by dint of porsoveranco, managed to got them passed. When the Ap- propriation Bill was introduced, the Opposi- tion proposed that it should not pass, nor the civil servants bo paid, until tho three leading bills before the Council-tho Land Bill, tho Shires Bill, and tho Boroughs Bills-had boon finally dealt with, and they soon made it ap- pear that what they could not compass by a majority of votes they could obtain by abusing tho forms, of tho Houso to create delays. Fortune, however, proved ficklo to thom, and the differences botween the two Houses on tho Land Bill weio arranged by a conference, tho points in dispute respecting tho two other bills were compromised, and then, though tho obstruction was carried on to tho very lost day, the majority on tho Ministerial sido becamo so large that the obstructionists had to desist. A few hours af tor the report of tho conference was brought beforo Parliament all tho bills wero passed, tho civil service of the year was rovided for, and Parliament was prorogued y tho Governor (now by his brother's death become Viscount Canterbury). Under the heads given below will bo found a moro de- tailed history of tho events of the month. CHAnOES AGAINST MEMBERS. Tho last outgoing mail left tho Assembly discussing the report of the Lands Inquiry Committee which had found Mr. Stutt (of South Grant) guilty of using undue influence as a member of Parliament in the Lands de- partment and Mr. Miller (of Creswick) of himself bringing tho law into contempt by successfully evading the provisions of the Land Act, and finally recommended tho ap- pointment of a Royal Commission to proso cuto the inquiry further by examining wit- nesses upon oath. Both the mombûrs named were "M'Cullochitos," and in that capacity were defended by tho wholo of their party, who pretended that thoy did so in order to declare Mr. Grant, the late Lands Minister, freo of all complicity in theso affairs. The other side repeatedly avowed that no charge whatever was made against Mr. G .rat, save that ho bad been looso in his administration, and suffered himself to bo practised upon. It was in consequence of this that wo announced lost month the successful whitewashing by his friends of Mr. Stutt, and none wero sur- prised that the process was repeated subse- quently in the caso of Mr. Miller. On each occasion the ugly operation was performed at tho instance of Mr. G. P. Smith, late At- torney-General, who was not loft unremindod of tho fact that ho earned offico, in tho first instance, becauso of lite accusations respect- ing the very same kind of malpractices, tho authors of which ho now uefonded. Tho recommendation to appoint a Royal Commission then remained to bo dealt with, and its adoption was moved by Mr. M'Kean, Lands Minister, in the face of the two previ ousjmiscarrioges of justice. At the same timo he repeated, with additions, tho charges against his predecessor's administration which bo had made on a previous occasion. Mr. Grant replied, contending that nothing had beon proved against his administration save a few errors, which, considering the largo amount of business ho had to transact, could not be wondered at. Wo need not now describe in dotail the nature of tho charges, but simply state that they com- pletely demonstrated how frequently the Lands department had been got to sanction the most flagrant evasions of the letter and spirit of our land laws, and that Mr. Grant's reply was that he had boon no party to them, but that they wero tho result of the pressuro of too much business-a part of which ox cuse was generally allowed." Tho defenders of tho offendors, thinking their victory secure, pushed tho war into tho enemy's camp, and moved a vote of censuro upon Mr. M'ICoan. To their utter discomfiture that voto was negatived, and tho recommendation for the Royal Commission agreed to. Further, the Attorney-General was instructed to pro- ceed criminally against such porsons as wero found guilty of corrupt practices. Tho. thing remains at this stage ¡ the commission is not yet appointed, but the Government has not been idle. It is intended, wo believe, that the commission shall consist of two loading barristers and a leading merchant. Messrs. Michio and Hol- royd have been mentioned as- two of the barristers, but it is not yot known whether they will accept the appointment. We under- stand that tho sittings of tho commission will bo open to tho pross. Instructions havo boon given to tho ofheors of tho Land depart- ment to preparo all the papers likely to bo required. THE LAND BID!,. The manner of finally dealing with the Land Bill is oxactly illustrative of tho feeling which really exists botween tho two Houses of Legis- lature, as resulting principally from the pro- voking language and proceedings of tho late dominant party in tho Assembly, to whom no credit whatever is duo, that at tho last a decently harmonious fooling was evinced. Tho amendments madolin tho bill by tho Council wero sufficiently described in previous summaries, and when they carno on for con- sideration m tho Assombly, three weeks ago, bon. members made rather a merry timo of it, and disposed of the wholo question in somothing less than three hours. From the vory first it was ovidont that lion, members wero disposod to pay small do ferenco to the views entertained by tho Council. Thoy had not forgotten the man- ner in which that body treated tho Pay- ment of Members Bill and the Bill for Abolishing State Aid to Religion, and tho general impression scorned to bo that tho timo had arrived for returning a Roland for the Council's Oliver. Theso irritablo feelings wore also increased by the fact that tho Coun- cil, in inserting a clauso in tho bill for appro- priating a portion of the land rovenue for im- migration purposes, and providing for tho control and regulation of tho fund thus to bo established, had been guilty of a serious in- fringement of the privileges of the Assombly. Tho lato Minister of Justice thereupon moved that the bill be laid asido and the amend- ments not consideredj but the motion was not accepted. Every important amondment was, however, negatived, and resolutions passed stating that thoso amendments which wero in violation of tho rights and privilogos of the Legislative Assembly wororcjocted upon that ground. In every essential feature tho bill wassentback in the samo condition inwhichit was first sont to tho Council. Tho aroa to bo taken up, the rental, tho purchase-money, and tho largo administrativo powers granted to tho Minister for Lands, all remained tho same : whilst tho new section of the bill, providing for the establishment of land courts, was rejected without a word being said either for or against tho proposition. The Council, on receiving the niessngo intimating how their opinions were treated, determined forthwith to insist on all its important amendments, but struck out the clauses relating to immi- gration, tho introduction of which in tho Council had been regarded as a breach of the privileges of the Lower Chamber. At tho timo thoy did so, howovor, it was understood that tho Government would make provision next session for tho expenditure of £50,000 on immigration by ocean steamers. It will bo too long a story to describo in dotail how this game of shuttlecock was carried on. Sufiico it that tho Assombly received tho second messago from tho Council in no vory conciliatory spirit. Nevertheless, in spite of tho efforts of tho Opposition, common sonso asserted itself, and by small majorities, tho Government, aided by the modorato members, who woro anxious not to loso tho bill altogether, induced tho Houso to Accept I tho amendment made by the Council reducing tho rent and purchase-money of tho land taken up by free selection to £1 per acre. At the same time, tho Assembly insisted that tho maximum area to be taken up should not bo less than 640 acres ; and tho arbitrary powors granted to the Governor in Council, which wero objected to by the Council, woro con- firmed, and insisted upon by tho casting voto of the Speaker. The land court proposed by tho Council was also disagreed with ; but an opinion was expressed that there should bo some means of appealing from the decision of the Ministor for Lands without going to tho Supreme Court. Hon. members having somewhat exhausted themselves in a series of close divisions then agreed to a conference, in which thoy asked tho Council to join. Next day was Christinas Eve ; but so anxious wero both Houses to got through tho business and pay the civil sorvants (for tho Opposition threatened to use the forms of tho House to prevont tho passage of tho Appropriation Bill till tho Land, Shires, and Boroughs Bills had been finally disposed of) that bon. members as- sembled in great force, and the Council having accepted the request for a conforonco, the committees appointed by both Houses sat at once. It was nearly 1 o'clock on Christmas morning before a compromise was unani- mously arrived, at, and then Parliament roso till the following Tuesday to consider its terms. In view ot formor efforts to coerco tho Council, it is worth while-for oxamplo's sake-to give some idea of the improved feel- ing now developed on both sides by naming the points in disputo and the modo of their settlement. When the conferenco was ap- pointed, tho principal matters in disputo wero, the maximum aroa to bo soleoted ; tho questions, whothor powor should still bo re- served to the Governor in Council to reserve sites for schools-not vested in tho Board of Education-places of public worship, and dwelling-houses for ministers of religion : whether in cases of dispute, or of allégea violation of tho net, the Governor should "alone judgo and finally determino;" tho establishment of tho now land court; tho extent of tho reserves to bo allowed for improvements to the pastoral tonants, and whether the regulations under tho act should, before coming into opera- tion, bo laid before tho "Legislature," or tho "Legislativo Assembly" alono. AU theso important and vexed questions wero arranged in a fair spirit of compromiso, and the bill, with tho alterations agreed upon, become a far wiser measure than whon it first left tho Assembly. With regard to tho maxi- mum area to bo solected, the amendment of tho Council reducing it to 320 acres was accepted. As to the reserves for religious purposes, it was pointed out that however desirable might bo tho abolition of state aid to religion in all its various forms, yet the question was ono which should be dealt with by itself, and upon which both nouses should bo in a position to givo a definite determina- tion, untrammelled by all oxtraneous circum- stances. Admitting this view of tho caso, tho Assembly gave way, and in this matter it was arranged that the law should continuo as at present, and tho question remain opon for consideration at a future period. With re- gard to the conflicting proposals that the Governor in Council should bo the final judgo in cases of dispute, as contended for by the Assembly, and that a new land court should bo initiated for tho purpose, as advised by tho Council, the conference recommended that both bodies should abandon their re- spective propositions, leaving tho law as it stood. No tribunal was to bo established on tho ono hand, whilst on tho othor no ag- grieved porson was to bo deprived of his right to appeal to tho ordinary legal tribunals of tho colony. In the remaining recommenda- tions all the common law rights of selectors wero preserved, and the arbitrary powors sought to bo conforred upon tho Governor in Council-which in reality . meant tho Ministry of tho day-were done away with. The pastoral tenants had equal justice dono to them. Tho reserves allowed thom for im- provements wero not left to the caprico of an individual- they woro to be defined by law; but at the samo time caro was taken that no opening should be allowed by means of "proper representations" for largo areas to bo improperly reserved from selection. Re- serves wore to bo granted at tho rate of one aero for evory £1 oxponded in improvomonts, but under no circumstances was any larger area than 640 acres to bo allowed on any ono run. The reserves being thus defined, the conferenco recommended that the Council should give up its demands that tho rognla lations under the act should receive the assent of both Houses of Parliament, and leave the matter with tho Assombly. On Tuesday last both Housos assented to ovory jot and tittie of theso recommendations, and by this miraclo of patriotic fooling superven- ing-so far as a sufficient majority was concerned-upon factious obstruction, tho bill was saved. Mr. Higinbotham and his satellites, and even Mr. Duffy, fought against the terms of tho compromiso as long as thoy could, but all in vain, and next day this promising offspring of a rational political spirit became law. As a pondant to the above, it is well to show how tho general population of Victoria stands affected towards tho pastoral tenants. During tho agitation in the Legislative As- sembly on tho subject of tho Land Bill, Mr. Francis presented a petition on behalf of tho pastoral tenants of tho Crown, setting forth tho grievances undor which thoy would suffer if tho new Land Bill, as it left tho Assombly, wero passed, and proving that tho wholo mat- ter should have further consideration. This petition was signed by no less than 37,555 por sons, who aro thus classified-653 pastoral tenants, 4,204 farmors and soloctors, 5,011 miners, 023 professional mon, 508 merchants, 12,601 tradesmon, 700 gontlomen, and 13,192 miscellaneous persons. RELATIONS OP VICTORIA TO THE IMrEKIAL GOVERNMENT. Tho resolutions proposed by Mr. Higin- botham with regard to tho relations botweon England and her colonies woro fuithor con- sidered by tho Legislativo Assembly in committee, shortly boforo Parliament roso, and the wholo of them wero agreod to/ without amendment. On tho first reso- lution, declining to send representatives to tho conforenco which it is proposed to hold in London in February noxt, and reflecting in uncourteous terms upon the action takon by colonists resident In England with respect to this mattor, an amendment was moved, with tho view of rondoring the resolution loss offensivo to those gontlemon, but itwas nega- tived by a largo majority. Tho Uko fato befell an araondment on tho second resolution, which lattor declared that the colony was willing to accept the entire responsibility of defending itself from foreign invasion. Tho amendment wa3 to tho effect that tho colony would undertake its defence in connexion with'tho Imperial Government; but tho great majority of mombors preferred tho ori- ginal resolution, and, together with tho other, it was agreed to. Tho resolutions themselves havo been already made sufficiently familiar to our English readers, and need not now bo repeated. Thoy woro reported to tho Houso after passing through committee, and havo sinco been adopted without discussion, STATE EDUCATION. Mr. Higinbotham's inopportune resolution relativo to tho education voto was dis Eosed of before tho prorogation. It will o remembored that in order to establish tho principio of secular education in Vic- toria without allowing tho Legislativo Council a voico in tho mattor, tho lion, and learned gontleman moved, in tho first place in comraittco of supply, that no aid be granted to schools that woro not vested in tho Board of Education, i.e., schools in con- nexion with tho various church establish- ments. Ho was ruled out of order in tho matter, because as tho law stood tho modo oE distribution was left in tho hands of tho Boaid of Education, who could not bo con- trolled without legislation. Whon tho Houso went again into Coramitto of Supply oarly in tho month, tho lion, tnombcr, with a viow of eliciting tho opinion of tho committee asjto whether a detailed estimate of tho oxpondi turo of tho Board of Education should bo brought down, so that tho committco might, determino whether aid should, or should not. bo granted to non-vested schools, movod that tho chairman do report progress. After a desultory and purposeless discussion the motion was negatived by a majority of 24 to 17, and a further attempt to dolay tho pro- ceedings of tho committee having mot with a like fato, tho vote was agreod to, unen- cumbered by tho conditions sought to bo imposed. OTHER MEASURES AND PROCEEDINGS, During the month no now measure, savo tho Appropriation Bill, has been brought for- ward, and tho list of bills assented, to at tho end of the session sufficiently indicates what has been done with those previously initiated. Indeed, the month has been mainly spent in dealing with supply, the charges against hon. members, and the amendments in the Land Bill. When the latter wero dealt with, the differences between tho Houses in respect to the Shires and Borounhs Bills were easily settled. Tho Council gave way as to one bill and the Assembly as to the other, and the only legrot expressed on the point was that the Scab Act Amendment Bill had been dis- posed of before the new harmonious feeling was established. As it was, the Assembly resisted the Council's amendments in that measure to the last, and tho bill was conse- quently laid aside by tho Upper House. Apropos of the two bills so happily agroed to, we are sorry to find that among the amend- ments of tho Assombly which wore eventually waived was one which abolished after a cer- tain date the custom of levying black mail in the shape of tolls. The latter are now to be continued indefinitely.. The Fisheries Bill lapsed, and, indeed, never stood much . chance of passing the Assembly, which had little sympathy with an enactment that sought to preserve our river-fish from destruction by restricting the operations of the fishermen that netted the streams at all times and sea- sons. On receipt of information that His Excellency Sir J. H. T. Manners Sutton had become, by the death of his brother, Lord Viscount Canterbury, both Houses adopted addresses of condolence and respect, which were received and replied to in a kind and grateful spirit. The proceedings of tho Legislative Council during the month, apart from what we have already ri'latod, were confined to a discussion on a motion brought forward by Mr. T. T. A.'Beckett, affirming that it was desirable that any bul introduced which, by tho 60th section of the Constitution Act, was required to be assented to on the second and third readings by an absolute majority of both Houses, or any bill directly affecting members of either House, which the Legislativo Council was precluded from altering in committee, ba in- itiated on tho basis of resolutions previously considered and agreed to by both Houses. This was introduced in order to avoid what had taken place earlier in the session in respect to the Payment of Members Bill, which was sent up lo the Council without that body being able to alter or adjust one of its propositions. It was pointed out, however, that it would bo impossible to carry out any such proposition at so late a period of the session, and the motion was withdrawn. END Ol' TUE SESSION, AND MOKOGATION OF PABLIAMENT. Parliament was prorogued on Tuesday last, 28th December, till the 28th of January, but it is expected that the recess will be prolonged by proclamation until tho middle of lebruary. His Excel- lency Lord Canterbury attended in person, though in deep mourning, which, of course, prevented the presence of the members of his family, save his oldest son and private secro * tary, the Hon. H. C. Manners Sutton, B.A. After the usual formal ceremonies had been observed, the Governor affixed the royal as- sent to the following bills : The Appropriation Bill. The Dower Law Amendment Bill. The'Railway Loan Account Bill. The Minina: Companies' Limited Liability Act Amendment Bill. The Stamps Bill. The Abattoirs Bill. The Public Library and Museums Bill. The Local Government (Shires) Bill. The Municipal Corporations (Boroughs) Bill. The Land Laws Amendment Bill. His Excellency then addressed both Houses in the usual way, recounting the chiof mea- sures of the session, informing thom that the state of the public revenue in its various branches afforded reliable proof of the genoral prosperity of the country, and that an abun- dant harvest was expected. The following paragraphs included the most significant por- tions of the speech : NEW RAILWAYS. " Preliminary steps have been already taken for commencing tho important work of tho railway to tho Upper Murray, and it will bs the duty of the Government to prosecute tho undertaking to completion withall convenient speed. It would bo difficult to over-estimate the advantages which must flow from tho extension of our railways in opening up the country, and bringing distant portions of tho territory into easy and direct communication with each other.and with the metropolis." IMMIGRATION BY OCEAN STEAMERS. "In response to a notice published in the colony and in London, tendors have been re- ceived for the establishment of a postal and passenger service with Great Britain by the way of the Cape of Good Hope. My advisers regard the establishment of such a line of communication as of great importance ; but in tho absence of legislative authority for any expenditure for immigration, further action must bo deferred until the re-ossembliug of Parliament." VISIT OF THE FLYING SQTJADBON. "The visit to our shores of a squadron of Her Majesty's navy, unprecedentod in tho history of the colony, is au event worthy of xnoie than passing notice. It cannot fail to foster and strengthen the community of feeling that exists between our people and their brethren in the mother country, as fellow- subjects of Her MostGraoious Majesty, while tho personal observation of mon capable of forming and of communicating to others intelligent and sound opinions on tho condi- tion of tho people, will tend to the moro accurate and more extended knowledge of the progress and resouices of Victoria." Par- liament was then declared prorogued, and the Governor retired with tho usual cere- monies. " THE BESULTS OF THE SESSION. Beside the bills above mentioned as as -senled to, tho following have become law ?during the present session : 1\. County Courts Bill. 2\. Essendon and Uppor Murray Railway Construction Bill. 3\. Lands Compensation Bill. 4\. Coronors Bill. 6\. Copyright Bill. ' 0. Lunacy Bill. 7\. Criminal Law and Practico Bill. 8\. Waterworks Commissions Bill. 9\. Aborigines Protection Bill. 10\. Public Works Loan Appropriation Bill. 11\. Railway Loan Appropriation Bill. 12\. Customs Laws Amendment Bill. ' And three interim supply bills. The following bills wero also introduced to the Assembly :-A Fencing Bill, Parliament and Ministers Bill, Married Women's Pro- perty Bill, New South Wales. Victoria, and National Banks Extension Bill, Juries Bill, Transfer of Land Bill, Wine, Beer, and Spirits Sales Bill, Mining Companies Bill, Corrupt Practices Bill, and Labour Bill, but they all lapsed in the earlior stages of their career. An Insolvency Bill, Scab Act Amend- ment Bill, State Aid to Religion Bill, Pay- ment of Mombers Bill, and Mining Com- panies Bill (2), all passed the Assembly, but wero lost in tho Upper House. In tho Coun- cil there wero initiated a Priviloge of Par- liament Bill (a formal measure), and a Legal Facilities Bill, both of which lapsed in thoir earlier stages. A Fisherios Protection Bill was passed, but was lost in tbo Assembly. «. This is but poor work for so long a session, but so ?r,uch timo has been talton up by tho necessity of inquiring into the charges made against hon. members and by party quarrels, that practical legislation was neglected. A NEW LAND LAW FOR VICTORIA. Most prominent among the nowa wo send home by this mail is tbo passing of a new act of Parliament (No. 360, Vic. 33) to amend and consolidate the laws relating to the sale and occupation of Crown lands. Such a measure must necessarily bo fraught with interest, not only to tho Viotorians of tho prosont, but also of the future, and assuredly included among the latter aro many of our_ English readers. "We prcsont our readers with the following abstract of tho new Land Act, carefully pre- pared in n tolorably popular form :- , A FEW INTBODUOrORY CONDITIONS. \- Tho now land law deals mainly with tho lollowing : Settlement for agricultural ana kindred purposes. Sottloment for pastoral purposes. Commons, and The uso or lands for other than agricultural or pastoral purposes. Bo it understood, in the first placo, that tho loading conditions affecting mining for gold cr other metals, are dealt with in a different enactment, and have little in common with our subject, which is almost exclusively tho cultivation or profitable occupation of land. " ¡To proceed with a fow initial statements. In the first place the now law, although re- pealing all previous land laws, rigidly pre- serves all rights and liabilities which the old laws have brought into existenco, provided always that that existence was lawfully ¿nought about ; and, in the same way, all penalties, restrictions, and forfeitures in re- spect to such rights are retained, just as if the old laws remained in force. Next we come to tbo interpretation of (emu., and it must bo understood, once for all, that the following words have the follow-' ing meanings :-"ThoGovernorí'ñieans thei governor of the colony, acting by and with the. advice of the Executive Council, i e, the Ministry of the day. The "Board" meansJhe Board of Land aud Works, which is the ruling body of the Crown Lands department of the Government, composed of its leading officials, and presided over by the Minister of Lands, or, in his absence, by some other Minister of the Crown acting as vice-president. To "occupy" land meatw a licensee {i.e., holder of land under a licence) residing on the allotmont in his own proper person. An 'allotment," as used in this act, means a piece of land not exceeding 320 acres, nor embracing more than a quarter of a milo of frontage (less frontage with a loss area) to any river, water course, lake, or lagoon. The word "cultivation" moans, or rather includes, planting cereal or root cropä, or an orchard, vineyard, nursery, or shrub- bery, or laying down land with artificial grasses. "Substantial or permanent im- provements" means and includes makiug dams, wells, cultivation (as before described), fencing, clearing, or draining an "allotment" (as before described), and the orection of a habitable dwelling, or farm, or other build- ings, upon and permanently attached to the sou (i.e., not a house so mado as to bo easily moved for the purpose of evading the con- dition of residence, and make it apply to moro than one allotment at the same time). The word," cattle" has two meanings ; when commons are concerned, it means all manner of horses, oxen, asses, sheep, and goats, but whon pastoral occupation is concerned, asses, sheep, and goats aro not meant. A "traveller" means a person travelling with cattle or sheep to market, or some ap- pointed place, and not ono who travels with cattle or sheep for the purpose of feeding them by the roadside or on a common, and tho law provides that tho "traveller" shall himself have to prove that he was genuinely engaged on a journey, and not protending to do so for the sake of tho wayside feed. It will be seen hereafter how all this tends to protect the genuino settler, as against those who strive to evade the conditions of settle- ment or live upon their neighbours' goods. In various ways-too numerous, and fre- quently too technical, for explanation here the act preserves intact all common law rights accruing under itself and previous laws, and in many ways secures the rights of heirs under difficult circumstances. It is arranged, too, that when, for various reasons, land is escheated, or lapses to the Crown, the Governor may convey the same so as to restore it to tho family of the last owners, and the same power enables him .to reward the person making discovery of such escheat, or lapso of the ownership, to the Crown, The powers of the Govornor-acting, as be- fore described, by the advice of his Ministers -as representing the Crown, are naturally very great, because the Crown is the owner, and has to take the initiative, whenever the title has to bo given in tho first instanco, or becomes hopelessly vitiated in the second. One of tho most important of his functions is his power of reserving land from sale, either temporarily or permanently, by proclamation. He may in this way reserve land for a vast variety of public purposes-for quays, landing places, railways or tramways, roads, canals, reservoirs, aqueducts, &c;, or for churches, schools, colleges, markets, mechanics' iusti tutes, hospitals, parks, areas devoted to the growth of tim ber, cemeteries, for purposes of re- creation, &c.; The interests of those concerned are protected by the fact that in case of tempo- rary reservation, that can be done by a simple announcement in the Government Gazette (the official journal) ; but four consecutive weeks' notice must be given of tho revocation of the same, and in much the same way four conse- cutive weeks' notice must be given before any permanent reservation can be made. No temporarily reserved lands can be sold till revocation of the reservation, aud a perma- nent reservation stands absolute as against the Crown as well as ovorybody elso, except they be directly concerned (as trustees or other- wise) in tho object for which the reservo was made. Then, also, the Governor «an proclaim counties, paiishes (a - division of land for descriptivo purposes only), or towns, dividing tho territory into counties, and counties into the smaller subdivisions. It should also be mentioned that the Government may reserve land, not only for the purposes above-named, but simply as against any occupation by selection (as afterwards described), the con- ditions of revocation being tho same as in the temporary reservation previously mentioned. As under previous Land Acts previous par chasers of land had certain cortificatos allowed them as a consideration for their having had to pay for their land whon they bought it a higher price than was subsequently charged, such certificates allowing them to select or purchase other land under more favourable circumstances than mero new- comers, it is now enacted that such certifi- cates shall stand as representing 4*. per acre in any subsequent purchase. THEE SELECTION Ol' CROWN LANDS. The wasto lands of tho Crown, i.e., those not already sold or reseived, or disposed of for purposes similar to what are about to bo described, are laid open to the free selector. That is, any person (with exceptions presently to bo named) may on any day during office hours apply personally to the land officer (an official whom the Governor may appoint any- where) for a licence to occupy an allotment of Crown land3 which he may choose, be depo- siting half a year's rent for the same. Such licence the Govornor may (he is not com- pelled, and so there can lie a refusal at discretion, which is a protection to the genuine settler as against the pretended one) issue, and it entitles the holder to "occupy" (as before described) any "allotment" (also before described) for three years at 2s, per acre per annum. The conditions of such licence are as follow : Half-yearly payments of rout in advance. Tho liceubeo not to assign, transfer, or sublet, under penalty ot the licence -be- coming void. The licensee to make improvements (i.e., enclose the land with a good and sub- stantial fence, and cultivate at least ono acre out of ton) within two yoaw of the issue of his licence The licence to be annulled and the Crown to re-enter if the rent be not paid or the allotment bo not occupied within sis months of the issue of the loose, or sub- stantial and permanent improvements declared by tho "Board" (as before de- scribed), or arbitrators, to bo worth £1 for every acre in tho allotment, ba nob made by the licensee (his executors or administrators) before tho ead of his third year. If all theso conditions aro complied with (the samo being duly certified to tho Board) the licensee can, at the end of the three years, either obtain the foo-simplo of his lund by Crown grant _ upon payment of 14s. per acre ; or otherwise ho can obtain a seven years' leaso of tho land at the same rent as before (subject to the old conditions if the rent bo not paid). If he takes the leaso all ho pays as rent will go towards the 14s. per acre purchase money, and thus, at the end of his seven yeara' lease and 10 years' oc- cupancy, he can, upon payment of the last sum duo for rent, obtain his Crown grant ; or at any time during the seven years ho can Say tho difference between tho 14s. and what o has already paid on account of rent under his leaso, and obtain his Crown grant then. It will thus bo seen that tho lessee never has in any case to pay more than 143. per acre, and oven wheu the payment of tho instal- ments (in tho shapo of rent) lasts over seven years no interest is charged. There is a proviso that tho condition of oc- cupancy shall, during the currency of the licence, not bo obligatory on tho oxecutors or dministrators of any such licensee who may die. Another proviso expressly declares that no licence or lease shall give tho right to its ownor under any circumstances to search for or take any metal ; and the last proviso re- quires every applicant to declare on oath that his application is in conformity with, and not in violation of, the provisions of tho Act. Wo havo already stated that no licensee can, cither in his own name or that of another, take up moro than 320 acres (that being tho maximum sizo of an "allotmont") ; nor can ho tako up any if ho have selected as much as 320 acres under any previous Land Act ; nor shall a selection bo allowed to any ono who shall havo taken up a pro. emptivo right (undor any former enactment), or whoso previous selection shall have bcon forfeited for ovasion of the condi- tions under which it was taken up (although, if ho selected a lesser amount of land under a previous law, ho may make up the balanco of 320 acres under this), or who shall bo under l8 years of age, or who shall bo a married woman undivorced or not judicially separated, or who is merely a trustee or agent, or who lias, at tho timo of the application, agreed to let somo ono else acquire the allot- ment by purchase or otherwise. It is ex- pressly intended that tho bonefits of the law shall go only to genuino settlers, aud] if there bo any violation of the conditions tho Go- vernor may any day, by publication in the I Government Gazette, declare the licence for- feited, the pscudo-licenseo losing all his pre- vious payments. It is also provided that all contracts wliich would havo tho effect, if valid, of vipiaUnfi tho act shall fee ?9i4. This ! penalty of forfeiture of licence for un infrac- tion of any of tho conditions of the act is carried to its utmost limit. Asimplo notice in the Government Gazette constitutes the licensee a trespasser, and provision U mido for his forcible dispossession. The Board au- thorises a person to take possession of tho selected allotment, and if the occupier refusos he can be summoned before two justices (one of whom must be a police magistrate), after hearing evidence, can summarily who, order an ejectment in the samo manner as by a sheriff in the ordinary -course of law. The fact of the substantial and permanent improvements being of the value of £1 per aero of the whole allotment is ascertainable either by the Board itself through its officers, or by simple arbitration, the means of which are provided. It is most plainly stated that no assignment of a licence can be allowed in any form. Non-payments of rent aro to be gazetted. The licensee is to havo all the legal rights of a possession save that of impounding ; but if he has taken up unsurveyed lands, he is liablo at any time to have his boundaries adjusted and fixed hythe Board after survey. Tho other conditions under this part of the act refer to selectors under previous laws, and they aro of an un- important character. SALE OF CROWN LANDS BY AUCTION. All Crown lands in Victoria, wherever situated, may (subject to such conditions, ex- ceptions, and reservations, as the Governor may impose) be sold by public auction, at the upset price of £). per acre, or higher, as the Governor may direct ; but not more than 200,000 acres can be sold in each year. Such public auction sales aro to be held once at least every quarter, ample notice being given thereof-with time and place, with all prac- ticable precision-as well as of upset price, in the Government Gazette. The purchasers at such sales have to pay at least 25 per cent, of the purchaso-money, and tho rest within one month, or upon failure all deposits aro forfeit. The upset price may be changed as the Governor may choose, but due notice thereof has to be given. Tho Governor may also proclaim any Crown lands as a street or road, or town or village (N.B.-What con- stitutes a town or village is described in other enactments) and sell the same by auction ; also he may exchange Crown for private land in case of the direction of a road being altered, or sell detached strips of land, not exceeding 10 acres, at a valuation. Lastly, the Minister of Lands is required to lay be- fore Parliament every year an estimate of the quantities of land which it is proposed to sell by auction in the ensuing year, such esti- mate specifying, as far as practicable, tho quantities of each description of land pro- posed to be so sold. , .PROCEEDS OF LAND SALES TO GO FOB NEW BAILWAYS. The new law contains clauses which sot forth that, in 1870 and every year thereafter, there shall bo paid, from the moneys ariiing from the sale and alienation (otherwise of Crown lands), the sum of £200,000-that is, £200,000 per annum-to a trust account called the "Railway Loan, Liquidation, and Con- struction Account." This money is to be ap- propriated to and legally available for the following purposes, viz. : For the repurchase of railway debentures heretofore or hereafter issued ; to próvido for the construction of State railways to such an amount as the Governor in Council may approve. Also, for the making of any railways, the con- struction of which shall be authorised by Parliament. LEASE AND LICENCES FOR GENEBAL PURPOSES OF IMPROVEMENT OB PUBLIC CONVENIENCE. The Governor is entitled to grant leases of three acres of land for any of the undermen- tioned purposes, except the first, for 21 years, at a yearly rental of not less than £5, and subject to conditions to be imposed for the purpose of securing payment of rent and the appropriation of the land to the purpoäe for which it is taken up, viz. : For obtaining and removing therefrom guano or other manure. (In this caso more than three acres may be leased.) For obtaining and removing therefrom stone or earth. For sites of inns, stores, smithies, bakeries. or similar buildings in thinly-populated districts. l''or sites of bathing-houses, bathing-places, bridges, ferries, toll or punt houses. For sites of tanneries or factories, or" saw or Ijaper mills. For sites of quays and landing places, or for sites for the depositing of materials. For the working of mineral springs. For sites for ship and boat building or re- pairing. For tbo manufacture of salt. Leases may also be given under simple con- ditions to any poison willing to make and construct canals. The Governor, or any person duly autho- rised by bim, can from time to time permit applicants to enter upon Crown lands not licensed or leased for any of tho foUowing purposes : To cut, dig, and tako away any live or dead timber, gravel, stone, limestone, salt, guano, shell, seaweed, sand, loam, brick, or other earth. To occupy the site of fishermen's residences and drying grounds. To occupy the sites of fcllmongering esta- blishments, slaughter-houses, brick or limo kilns. To erect pumps. To collect ballast. Or for any of the purposes for which loasos may bo granted under this part of this act. Or to enter with sheep, cattle, horses, orothor animals, upon any paik lands, reserves, or other Crown lands not forming part of any run or common, and therewith to depasture the same. Leases under suitable conditions as to area, &c;, may also be granted for roads, tramways, crossings, and such like works of public utility. LICENCES TOB GENERAL PURPOSES, THEIIt OB- JECTS AND CONDITIONS, In the first place, nono of the class of licences (not at any timo to bo confounded with leases) now in question aro to be issued for more than a year at a time, and all are to be subject to such restrictions, limitations, and payment of such reasonable rent as the Governor may choose, the rent being recover- able by distraint, like any. rent or fino is ordbiarily recoverable. It is provided that the Governor moy at any time proclaim that no licensee, as such, shall be thereby autho- rised to fell or remove timber, or cut, dig, or remove bark, stone, gravel, sand, loam, brick, or other oartb, that may be mentioned in the proclamation. Tho following purposes for which licences may issue are mentioned in the act, viz. : To reside on and cultivate not moro than 20 acres of land on any proclaimed "gold- field." To cut timbor on the timber rosorvos (which tho Governor is authorised to proclaim), conditions being imposed to pro vent the destruction of young timber. To cut and construct, oven upon purchased land (for tho purchaser cannot obstruct or interfere with tho course of water flowing over his land) water " easements," such a.s a race, drain, dam, or reservoir, proper com- pensation being made by the licensee to the owner of the land. To cut races and divert water for mill pur- poses (licences of this kind may issue for 15 years,), compensation being made to the owners of tho land interfered with. It is also provided that tho Governor can at any time revoke a licence on payment of compensation to the licensee. TBOVISION AS TO COMMONS. The now law declares that in respoct to commons, no commons proclaimed under past laws, nor .the rights of any iporson en- titled to commonage, and to dopasturo cattle upon any common, shall .bo affected by this act, unless by special provision. Tho Governor is now authorised, under regulations to be made for tho purpose, to proclaim any Crown lands as a common, and' placo it under tho management of the local governing body, directing how fees shall be imposed and collected in connexion therewith, and how the money shall bo after- wards disposed of. Additional power is given to diminish, rovoke, or abolish such com- mons, or unite one with another. Further, tho Governor may appoint managers and frame regulations for management or for the eradication of thistles. Such managers aro to bave tho power to distrain,upon cattle or swine trespassing, to be regarded as owners of the common in relation to the impounding of cattle, and act as bailiffs to prevent en- croachment or trespass, with certain oxemp tioiiB in favour of the licensees just previously described. Any land ceasing-by virtue of the Governor's proclamation-to bo a com- mon, can bo disposed of as tho Governor may direct. PASTORAL OCCUPATION OF THE LAND. This is not the timo or place to explain to our English readers the circumstances under which an enormous proportion of the waste lands of the Crown has been in times past, and is now, let for pastoral purposes. Suffice- it, that before the Land Act of 1802 (known as Duffy's Land Act) was passed tho pastoral occupants under such circumstances claimed to possess certain and undefined, rights under some ancient orden in council, but that in consideration of an extension of their leases to December 31,1870, all such claims were waived. Hence the necessity for immediate legislation as to existing nins and their holders. -The now law declares in effect that the Governor shall issuo to tho persons who should at tho time of tho passing of this act be in licensed occupation of runs for pastoral purposes, and the executors, administrators, and assigns of such, persons, yearly licences to occupy such runs for pastoral purposes, but with this stringent condition, that no such licence should prevent such run or any part thereof from beiDg sold, leased, or licensed under any of the preceding parts oí this act, proclaimed a common, occupied by virtue of licences issued under the Gold- fields Act, or otherwise dealt with or alienated now or hereafter. After this yeaT, i.e., from Jan. 1, 1871, such licensee is to pay as rent 8d. for every sheep or 4s. for every head of cattle which the run shall be declared by the Board capable of holding. It is also provided that such rent shall be re- adjusted five years afterwards ; and further, that for the current year (1870) the amount of rent shall be determined by the Board, and paid, and payment enforced, as if this present law had not been enacted. The Board can at any time within six months, after arriving at the conclusion that such and such a rent is too high or too low, readjust tho amount ac- cordingly, and the announcement in .Hhe Government Gazelle of the rent to be paid is to bo taken as binding and conclusive upon every occupier of lana for pastoral purposes. In respect to new runs, consisting of un- occupied territory or runs previously for- feited, it is provided that they shall be put up to auction, the highest bidder becoming the licensee. Before such auction, tho Governor is to see that none of the runs are larger than sufficient to carry all the year round 4,000 sheep or 1,000 head of cattle, and also to determine upon the rent. If no bidders, the rent can be reduced, and the run or runs put up again. Nevertheless, the new runs arc not to bo supposed exempt in any way from tho conditions affecting other runs, but to be liable, at any time, to be sold, leased, or licensed, or proclaimed a common, or occu- pied for mining purposes, or otherwise alienated or dealt with under the authority of the law. GENEBAL PROVISIONS AS TO RUNS. The provisions of the new law in relation to this part of the subject aro tolerably cleat and distinct. In the first place, the interest in a run, held under a licence to occupy for pastoral purposes, is henceforth to be deemed to be a chattel interest for all purposes. Such interest may be transferred by writing, attested by a justice, and the transferrce, on paying a fee of £1, is forthwith entitled to receive a licence to occupy for pastoral purposes, the transferror being liable for the instalment of rent due next after the transfer. The transfer has to be registered before it has any effect or operation. Every licence is issued under con- ditions which prescribe payment of rent in half-yearly instalments, and also that if the licensee or any person claiming anin torost through or under the licensee in the run for which the licence has been issued shall at any time during its currency apply for a licence for an allotment (i.e., take up land by selection as provided for in the earlier part of the bill), or shall by virtue of any agreement made or negotiable security taken attempt to evade or defeat the provisions of the act, or in any way, ordirectlyorindireotly, tocommitafraudupon the act, the licence is at once liable to be for- feited and revoked. It is also declared that other conditions not inconsistent with the act may bo imposed in such licence, and dis- tinct power is given to the Governor to punish the violation of such conditions by forfeiting and revoking the licence, so that after such forfeiture and revocation the licensee and his executors, administrators, and assigns shall be taken to have forfeited till their right, title, and interest under such licence, the production of the Government Gazette containing the formal notice of for- feiture and revocation being sufficient evi- dence that ho who was the licensee had be- come a mero trespasser. Further con- ditions require that no licensee may culti- vate more grain, hay, vegetables, orfruit.than is required for consumption on his run. A run may be divided by its occupiers on payment of a fee of £10 for each subdivision, and with the sanction of the Board, care being taken that tho rent of the subdivided run shall not bo less than that of tho original run. In case of the value of a run is diminished by any part thereof being sold, leased, licensed, or proclaimed a common, the licence is to be revoked in respect to the part alienated from tho licensee, and upon payment by the licensee of a fee of £5, the board is to de- termine the amount to bo paid in future for such run. Tho occupier of a new run is to be entitled to pre-emption of any land upon which any buildings, yards, or other such improvements may be erected, aud the Governor may allow him to purchase 320 acres of the land on which such improvements are situated at the rate of £1 per acre. Rent is to be payable in half-yearly! instalments, and recoverable at law like any other rent ; if each in- stalment is not paid within seven days after it is due, a penalty of £2 is inflicted for every day it is in arrear, power being given to the Governor to romit the wholo or part of any such penalty. If the rent goes unpaid for a month, tho Bpard is to notify in the Government Gazette that the run is liable to forfeiture ; and if the full amount, together with all ppnalties, be not paid within a month after, then it will be law- ful for tho Governor to declare the run for- feited, after which the interest of the occu- pier in such run will cease. Boundary dis- putes aro to be settled by arbitrators, who may mark such boundary on the ground and certify to a map or plan, which shall there- after be legal evidenco of such boundary. When the area of any run has not been accu- rately ascertained, the Board may cause it to be surveyed, and charge the licenseo with £20 for the expense thereof, tho money to be taken lo form part of his j early rent and bo re- coverable in like manner. Finally, no occu- pier of land for pastoral purposes is to be en- titled to any compensation by roison of this law being thereafter repealed cr altered. TRESPASSES AND PENALTIES IN RESPECT TO THE ENTIRE ACT, Land officers cannot apply for allotments under a penalty of £100 and loss of office. Making a false statement in respect to an application for a licence for a selected allot- ment, or refusing to answer any question in relation thereto put by tho land officer, or giving a false answer thereto, is punishable either by a fine of from £10 to £50, or impri- sonment from 14 days to six months, either to be summarily imposed by any two justices. Tho Governor may appoint Crown lands bailiffs, who shall have like powers and authority to do all such acts as auy bailiff lawfully appointed may by law do in respect of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments of his employer. And, also, the Governor may fuither appoint or authorise persons to do anything in respect to this or the two previous Land Acts. For unauthorised occupation of Crown lands, or for knowingly depasturing cattle or sheep on land not a common, without due authority, a fine not exceeding £5 may be inflicted, £20 for the second offence, and £50 for any subsequent offence ; but such penalties are only reco- verable by a person authorised in that behalf by the Boara. Unauthorised persons search- ing upon Crown lands for any metal or mine- ral (except gold), or cutting, digging, or taking from thence any timber, gravel, stone, limestone, salt, guano, sholl, sand, loam, or brick earth, or stripping or removing bark under similar circumstances, are each liablo to a fine of £10 in addition to any punishment or penalty provided by any law now or hereafter in forco for such offence. Fines of from £2 to £10 can be imposed for obstructing roads. The survey officers of the Board are authorised to enter upon private lands. In ceitain cases it is provided that penalties imposed shall be required to be paid m addition to purchase money before the Crown grant is issued. MISCELLANEOUS. AU lands alienated under this act aro to be liablo to be resumed by the Crown for mining purposes on payment of full compensation to tho licensee, lessee, or purchaser ia fee simple, for the valuo, other than auriferous, of tho lands and improvements so resumed ; such value, in cases of disagreement, to bo determined by arbitration. All persons concerned for or against tho various alienations of land, or in proclama- tions or alterations of commons, or in tho increase or otherwise of the rent of any run{ or in any like provision of the act, nie entitled to appeal to tho Minister of Lands, and notices are to be given ia the Government Gazette from timo to tirao of places whero such appeals, or objections, or applications, or reasons against forfeitures, &c.;, will bo publicly heard by the Minister, or by persons appointed by him to hear the same, and report thereon in writing to him. Notwithstanding anything contained in tho act, the Governor may, if ho think fit, with- hold or withdraw from sale, leasing, or licensing, any land or allotment. Travellers with cattle or sheep may, unless tho same are affected with any contagious or infectious disease, depasture them for a period not ex cecding 24 boura on any unsold Crown lands within a quarter of a mile from any road or track, commonly used as a thoroughfare. Every person desiring to drive cattle or sheep across the land or run of any per- son possessing a certain number of sheep or cattle must give due notice to such owner, with full information as to whero the travelling sheep came from, &c.; Persons convicted under this act before justices may appeal to General Sessions. Proceedings under this act may not be quashed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or re- movable by certiorari, or any writ or process whatsoever, into the Supreme Court. The Board is empowered to make regulations for the protection and management of all public paiks, reserves, &c.; Unbranded wild cattle belong to the Crown. The Govornormay make regulations or alter or rescind the same m rela- tion to the carrying out of the act, the formsof grants and licences, the reservations on ac- count of improvements, &c;, the same to be laid before both Houses of Parliament. The Minister is requested to lay annually before the Legislature a report of tho proceedings taken under the provisions of this act up. to the month of December in the year preceding the date of such report. The act is to remain law till December 31,1880. MEAT-PRESERVING. The Christmas holidays have interfered to some extent with the operations of tho meat preserving companies this month, but work has now been resumed with vigour. The stock markets continue very favourable for buyers, the quality of the sheep far exceed- ing that of last year. The reports from the foreign markets aie somewhat conflicting. On tbo one hand it is asserted that tinned meats only will find a ready sale, while other equally trustworthy authorities state that the meat in fat is considered superior to any other. The summer trade in this article in England has not been so good as was oxpected, but it is in the winter time that the greatest demand is looked for. Mr. Verdon, the Agent-General for the colony, in his last despatch, intimated that a cask of preserved meat sent home for trial by the Admiralty authorities had turned out very badly, and had been condemned by the Victualling department, and that he therefore intended to withdraw another cask which had been reserved for trial in Decem- ber. As the despatch did not specifically mention which of the Victorian companies had forwarded the condemned cask, the managers of the two principal manufactories in Melbourne deny the possibility of the cask being theirs. It could not have been sent by the Melbourne Meat-Preserving Company, as that company neither prepares nor ex- ports the raw material ; while Mr. R. Cald- well, tho managing partner of the Victorian Meat-Preserving Company, writing to The Argus on the subject, says : "On behalf of this company allow mo to say that we have shipped to London for two years many thousands of casks, only one of which we have ever heard of as bad, which, on being surveyed, was found to be damaged by bilge-water, and an imperfect cask. If, then, the cask referred to was ours, it is a most extraordinary circumstance that the one cask sent to the Admiralty, and opened by them, should, out of all the thousands shipped, bo tho only really bad cask, and I think justifies mo in assuming that it could not be one of ours ; or, if it does turn out to bo so, then that some further evidence is required ds to the treatment, or tests, or heat to which it was subjected. This is the more important as it is well known we have power- ful and deeply-interested opponents in Lon- don, who might not be over scrupulous how to injure the only new article of meat which has stood its ground, and threatens to displace the old salt junk process, said to be good enough for poor Jack." It is to be regretted that tho trial should have proved so disastrous, and should be a warning to the agents of the various companies to be careful not to offor any meat for sale of which there is any doubt ; for, as Mr. Verdon truly remaiks," if an unfavourable opinion be re- corded upon it, it may be most difficult to re- move tho prejudice thus created." The result of the experiment should not, however, deter manufacturers from inviting further trials, for the importance to the colony of getting the contracts for the navy supplies can scarcely be overrated. In connexion with this subject, it is satisfactory to learn that Admiral Hornby found time amidst all tho festivities which marked tho visit of the Flying Squadron to consider the merits of our Australian preserved meat, and to order con- siderable stores for the use of the fleet of the meat as prepared by the Victoria Meat-Pre- serving Company. A telegram has also just been received from Commodore Lambert, since his return to Sydney, ordering stores of tho samo .sort of meat for Her Majesty's ship Challenger. Too much importance can hardly be attached to such facts, as they will in all probability be the forerunners of largo orders for H.M. navy, and eventually displace the American beef now in use. Tho Melbourne Meat-Preserving Company have continued their operations with their accustomed vigour during the month, and are gradually establishing a considerable local business in addition to their export trade by the sale of large quantities of their .neat in the colony. The Warrnambool Company will shoitly be in a position to commence opera- tions. Mr. 0. Bobardt, who has supplied machinery to the meat-preserving companies (so named) of Melbourne, Ballarat, and ICchuca, has manufactuied the plant for the Warrnambool Company also. It consists of four heavy 8 cwt. double-armed presses, fur- nished with largo and smaller dies and punches, wherewith to cut out and fix into shape the variously-sized tin cans required to contain the meat (generally packed in 21b. and 4Jb. tins). The machines represent the Aberdeen packing system materially altered - it is contended, for the better-and they pro pare the whole canister at the rate of from 1,500 to 2,000 per day. All the hand labour re- quired is the soldering, which is so provided for that the process requires small skill, and so completely has economy and efficiency therein been studied, that in capping, bot- toming, and seaming, tbo interstices to be filled by solder are accurately measured, and buttons of. the metal aro cast in moulds, one for each tin. Tho operation of the presses showed that tho sizes of tin can be cut, and the seaming presses, &c;, operate at the rate of ono dozen canisters per minute, nor is there any want of finish in either of the pro- cesses. It is to the credit of colonial manu- factures that Mr. Bobardt has provided this sort of machinery for the leading companies here, as he is engaged to do on tho part of New South Wales al30, and though his prices show u margin over those of English manu- facturers, yet importations of the latter are almost unknown. The Warrnambool com- pany is to operate on 2,000 sheep and from 40 to CO bullocks por week, so that they propose to carry on a pretty extensive business. It is worthy of note that the minor arrange- ments of the machinery include a device by which each tinman marks his tins, and thus failures in the testing room aro immediately traced to their source. Several porsons in the neighbourhood of Kyneton have been testing the preservative powers of the bi-sulphite of lime, with, it is said, very satisfactory results. By its use joints of meat have been kept perfectly sweet for a month, and oven milk has been pre- served for eight or nine days by covering the vessel containing it with a cloth dipped in tho preparation. As the bi-sulphite is pro- curable at Is. Od. per bottle, and the process of applying it is simply to brush over the meat with tho preservative, the experiment is within the reach of everybody. Joints treated after this fashion can he hung as long as re- quired, and thereby the moat becomes tender and palatable. AGRICULTURE AND THE HARVEST. Tho farmers aro now well advanced with their harvest work in most parts of the colony, but they have had several extreme changes of weathorto contend against. There was first heavy rain, when much of the hay was cut, accompanied by high winds and severe squalls, so that great delay was caused in getting this together, and the quality of alargo portion was seriously injured. Then as the grain began to ripen, there was a succes- sion of hot winds, which did much injury. A fortnight ago, in particular, the weather was exceedingly hot for three days together, with a fierce hot wind blowing for the greater part of the time, withering up the grain that was in the soft stage, and shaking out that which was ripe. These three days alone reduced the yield of many a field by eight or 10 bushels an acre. There have been several days of very hot weather besides, and these havo ripened the crops far moro suddenly than was desira- ble, particularly as the supply of extra labour for getting in the harvest is decidedly short. Finding this, the men able to mow or reap held out for very high wages, thereby causing a delay on many farms in commencing. How- ever, the Chinese turned out in large numbers near the gold-fields on which they congre- gate, and this relieved the pressure in some degree, for very good harvestmen they make, slow, but plodding and persevering, thus get- ing through much work between sunrise and dark of a long day. Had the weather been moderate a great harvest would have been gathered, the largest ever raised in Victoria, but as it is, we fear that the yield of grain will in many instances be deficient. On the whole, most probably there will be ample for our own consumption ; but the steam threshers will soon show that prices ought not to fall as low as it was a month ago expected thoy would. Up to tho present thèse have declined, moro especially in regard to wheat, showing that speculators were wrong in believing that last year's crop would not hold out until wheat of this season's growth was fit to grind. The unfavourable weather wo have Tiad would suffice to prevent any further decline ; but wo have just received intimation that orders for the shipment of breadstuff's to theso colonies had been received in California, and we know not what quantity may be coming forward from there. This was the evil to be most dreaded as the result of the lato specu- lative movement, and some months must yet elapse before the news of a fall in value here can be received. A great yield of hay has been secured, and as yet grass is abundant, but the ground has been drying up rapidly, and without somo heavy showers soon, feed will bo failing in some districts. Indeed, not- withstanding the abundance of this generally, peculiarly situated parts of the colony received but a small share of tho heavy spring rains, and in these the scarcity has hardly been removed even for a time. Howover, fat stock is very plentiful at present, and must con- tinue so for the next couple of months, when, in the ordinary state of the seasons, tho summer will be neaily over. Meat preserving is being conduoted with vigour, and the total amount now sent away every month is large. One or two new companies aro getting into operation ; but as it pays well to buy sheep at present prices for their tallow, the boiling down establishments are still kept going, and more sheep aro thus disposed of than pre- served. In fact, when meat is the principal object, the legs aro almost the only parts pre seivcd just now, the remainder of the carcase being boiled down. And as long as tallow paya so well there will bo little trouble taken to perfect any other mode of curing except Dioso already in use. Wo hear nothing now of tho freezing or chilled-air process, about which so many wero enthusiastic a short time since, The settlers seem quite careless about it, andaslongasthoyarocontenttosell their fat sheep and cattle at present rates other people arc not likely to be impelled to further action. The public get their meat cheap enough, and would lose rather than gain by a change, and the persons to whom exporting is a business havo a fair margin of profit, with little risk, so long as they can buy at boiling-down prices. Thus the saving of the wholo carcase as meat would only benefit tho stockowners directly, and the bulk of their body seem to care more about a new land law than about securing a better price for their surplus sheep. The further advance in tho value of wool will be a material help to many, and perhaps, now that the land question is dis- posed of for another 10 years, they may pluck up spirit enough to aid in improving the othor source of their income. Shearing is, of course, quite over now, and the greater part of the season's clip is already on board ship or in the warehouses. There» have been no com- plaints of this in regard to quantity, and the quulity is fair considering that the sheep had a hard time of it last summer. A so-called intercolonial show of wool is to be held at Sydney this month, but as the prizes aro small, little will bo sent up from here, unless it bo for the sake of comparison. Some of our ilockowners havo still doubts as to what kind of wool they should aim at and seek to cultivate, and fancy they may get a useful idea now and again from tho older colony. The Scab Bill has been thrown out, the Council and Assembly determining to disagree as to some of its leading features, so nothing effectual can now be done for some time towards exirpating a disease which has for so long been the cause of only too well-de- served opprobrium to the colony. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. 3 'Iho mining interest is at present suffering a great depression. It is usual for stocks to depreciate at this season of the year, when work is partly suspended and the population generally give themselves up to holiday making, but there is no doubt that in the present instance over speculation has had a great deal to do with the low state of the market. At Ballarat, tho chief centre of mining industry, the fall in shares has been fo great as to seriously imperil the stability of some permanent members of the mining interest. Thcio will, no doubt, be a re- action when the holidays incident to the beginning of the now year are fairly over, and many of tho depreciated stocks will preatly rise in value. The yields from the various leading mining districts have been of an average character, and there appears to be no reason to anticipate any ma- terial change for some time to come. The Berlin rush still retains a prominent position before the public, and some, ex- cellent finds havo recently been chronicled in this district. On the 22nd of last month Fraser and party got a piece of gold weighing floz. 14dwt., and another on the 23rd weighing 101b. 3oz , and the same another party near them got a piece weighing over 30oz. Some pal ties have lately washed up with very satis- factory results,, the dirt from one claim avo i aping 7Adwt. per load all through. In both Johns' and Catto's paddocks a great number of the claims are doing very well. Some of the Chinese aro washing as high as 2oz. to the load on*tho shallow ground, in Catto's paddock, which has produced ono of the largest nuggets yet found on the rush. A new rcof, eight inches thick, is reported to have been discovered by Mr. George Hechle, about three miles south-west from Raywood, near Mr. Gaywood's paddock. The prospector washed a tindisbful of stone and rubble from the reef, and obtained about half a penny- weight of loose gold and two or three speci- mens. DIAMOND-MINING. About tho middle of December another veiy fine lot of 121 diamonds from the ground of, the Mudgeo Gold and Diamond Company wero received by the manager, Mr. W. H. Tuckett, through the Bank of Victo- ria. One beautiful stone weighed 2i carats. In order to extend their operations, the com- pany have purchased a steanvengine. Since the departure of last mail, the Aus- tralian Diamond-mines Company have been steadily pushing on their works, and havo ob- tained with one machine 171 diamonds and 38oz. of gold. The yield of gold has more1 than paid tho working expenses during the month. The 171 diamonds will be sent to the company's agent in London by the out- going mail. This parcel will make the total quantity sent to England 759 stones. Two of the company's machines havo been idle, owing to tho breakage of copper sioves, but they will be at work again in about a week's time. The six-carat diamond found in tho Aus- tralian Diamond Company's ground, and sent to Europe to be cut, was returned to Mel- bourne by the last "mail. It has cut down to a diamond of 3 3-10 carats, and is an exquisite specimen of bril- liancy and purity. It possesses an ex- ceptional value as the first large-sized Aus- tralian gem discovered, and is highly praised by the lapidaries through whose hands it has passed. A sale of Australian diamonds found by the Mudgee Company took place on tho Oth De- cember, at the Shipping Exchange, Collins street west. There was a good attendance, and some of the stones (of which there were 81 offered) realised very satisfactory prices, (ho sums received ranging from £2 2s. to £10 10s. per stone. This is tho first sale of the kind that has taken place hero ; but as tho supply of gems bids fair to be pretty constant, it is probable that tho sales will now bo pe- riodical. PUBLIC COMPANIES. The Polynesia Company (Limited).-The adjourned half-yearly meeting was held on the 10th December. The directors' report and balance-sheet wero adopted, and Messrs. F. A. Rucker and W. Boyd appointed au- ditors. Mr. Frederick Cook, the manager, read an interesting report on his recent visit to Fiji to take possession of tho company's lands. In Juno last the representative of the company accompanied the Vunivalu (Thakombau) on an expedition from Bau to Suva and Benga, so that he might arrange with tho íesident landowners for the transfer of the company's lands. When the Kearsage, an American man-of-war, arrived, Mr. Cook, as requested by Vunivalu, got 12 months' longer credit for the payment of the fourth instalment duo to the American Government. The Vunivalu did not wish that the Govern- ment should bo paid off at once, lest they should withdraw their protection from him ; and as Mr. Cook did not want to pay all the money till ho had completed his inspection of the lands made over to the company by charter, and got the conveyances signed, he readily fell in. with Thakombau's views, A payment of 23,742dol. having been made according to agreement, the Kearsage left the islands on the 25th July. The site for the company's settlement at Suva harbour was finally chosen in August. An exploration was made of tho bay, and the rivers, Tam a vua Lami, and. Wai Bolo, all of which had land on both sides suitable for cultivation, and especially for sugar. The River Lami would have some miles of its length within the town boundaries, thus supplying tho inhabi- tants with abundance of fresh water. Tho planters were delighted with the prospect of a settlement at Suva, which would save tiieni - ' the long journey to Levuka: and tho principal mountain chief of the Na musi district, having an eye to future trading operations, was equally well pleased Arrangements had been made for laying out a site for a half-caste settlement near tho com- pany's township. Tho inhabitants wero to number 150 ; as splitters, sawyers, and boat- builders tbey wero excellent workmen. The planters at Rewa had subscribed for 1108 shares of the second issue. The unsatisfactory issue of Commodore Lambert's expedition up the Rewa had caused a strong island feeling for political connexion with the Amorican Government. The transfer of the Viti Levu property - about 80,000 acres - with tho best part of the harbour, had beon completed. A site for a town-to be called Cookton-was selected, and direc- tions given to the plantation manager to open up a cotton plantation. Eligible spots for plantations had been found on the Ruku Ruku River. Tho quality of the company's lands was spoken of by the sub-manager in tho highest terms of praise. A highly profitable native trado was to be secured. The directors reported that only capital was now wanting to bring tho company into a dividend-paying position. General Latham, the company's late chair- man, had consented to act as agent in Eng- land and America, and by next mail scrip of the second issue would be forwarded to him. In reply to questions by Mr. Keith, Mr. Cook said the company's title to the lands wa3 from Tliakombau and all the principal chiefs who were likely to have influence after his decease, besides the chiefs of the localities where the land was. Every confidence was expressed by the shareholders present in tho ultimate success of the enterprise. When the proceedings of the meeting wero over a largs number of shares in the company were taken up. Duke of Edinburgh Theatre.-A meeting of the bondholders in tho Duke of Edinburgh Theatre was held on the 29th December, at 88 Collins-street west. Forty-six bonds were represented out of a total of 80. The moet was called for the purpose of considering a notice served on the trustees by tho lessor to do certain works to tho building, and for the purpose of appointing a trustee in tho place of Mr. George Wilson Murray, at present absent from the colony. As the previous notice to repair had been complied with in tho latter part of October last, tho meeting was of opinion that tho present notice was oppressive. The lessee is re- quired by. the terms of the lease to keep thet premises in good repair, fit for use and habi- tation. About £5G0 had been laid out on the Apollo-hall, on the last notice being given, and from time to time over £1,600 had been spent on the theatre. The original expendi- ture on the building exceeded £4,000, which was laid out under the supervision of the late Mr. Staughton, the lessor. It was agreed that the architect should furnish a report of the present state of the buildings. Mr. Coppin then pioposed the following resolution, which was cairied unanimously :-" That the Hay- market Theatre, if not sold, should be let by tender ; "and that no irresponsible tenant should bo accepted without a satisfactory guarantee being given for the duo fulfil, mont of the lease for the full term for which it is let." Mr. Barnett Iiaacs was then ap- pointed a tiustee, in the place of Mr. G. w. Wilson. THE LABOUR MARKET. During the last month the demand for house servants, both for town and country, has far exceeded the supply, and rates have ruled correspondingly high. In fact, very little hiring bos been done in this branch of labour, servants preferring generally to re- main out of place until tho holidays are over. The difficulty of obtaining houso servants has of late been so great that in small families it is seriously considered if it would not be better to do without them altogether. Good sen-ants for the couutry are greatly wanted. First-class married couples without children can command almost any price, as much as £1C0 per annum having been given for a first class married couple lately. This, of course, includes board and lodging. Mechanics con- nected with the building trades have been lcept fully employed, the contractors often finding it difficult to got a supply of good workmen. As usual at this time of tho year, agricultural labourers are in grear, demand, and the supply is very short In some dis- tricts men for hal vest work are getting as high as 10s. per day and their food, while ia others the rato is from Gs. to 75..per day. Tlie following rates bavo been taken from the laigest and best establishments of their kind in Melbourne, and where the woik is regular. For tradesmen in every case, except where otherwise mentioned, tho day's work is eight hours, For country and house servants the aveiagorate is taken, as the last month's rates are exceptional, and not for a permanency. The usual weekly rations allowed in Vic- toria are 10lb. to 12lb. of meat (beef or mut- ton), 10lb. flour, 2lb. of sugar, and 1-lb. of tea. The following servants are fed and lodged by their employers, receiving rations as above: Shepherds (1st-class), £35 to £45 per annum ; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 per annum ; lads for the country, 10s. to 12s. per week ; general farm labourers and station hands, 15s. to 20s. do. Married couples for out stations £40 to £55 per annum. The follow- ing servants nie fed and lodged with the era plojçrs' families ;-Grooms, for country, 20s. to 25s. per week ; men cooks, for hotels, £1 to £4 do. ; female do., £40 to £80 per an mun ; married couples, for country (first class), without encumbrance, from £05 to £85 per annum ; female houso servants, fur country (first-class), £35 to £45 per annum ; I do. do. (second-class), £30 to £35 do. ; lauu I rirfises, £35 to £45 do. ; nurscgirls, for town, £28 to £30 do. The following wages for skilled labourers and other'tradesmen are without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Among stonemasons, brick- layers, plasterers, and carpenters an arrange- ment has been made with the employers that the rate of wages shall be 10s. per day; builders' labourers (hodmen). 7s. per day; pick and shovel men, 6s. per day. Tailors.-In first-class establishments good men aie scarce, and constant work is to be had at the averago of from £3 to £3 15s. per week. In second-class establishments the averago earnings are from £2 10s. to £3. lu factories tailors, best hands, average £2 10s. Tailoresses can earn as follows ¡-Trouser and Vest hands, 30s. per week ; coat do., 353. ; presseis, £2. Clolliing Machinists.-Bc3t, 30s. por weok ; ordinary, 20s. ; shirtmakcrs (machinists), fiirls, 12s. Cd. to 17s. ; cutters, lös. Cd. to 30s, ; finishing, 2s. to 6s. per doz. . Bootmakers.-In tho best establishments for bespoke work the rates paid are as follow : -Wellingtons, 14s. Od. ; elastics, 12s. ; closing, 8s. ; riding boots, back strap, 24s. In factories good workmen can earn from £2 to £2 15s. per week at slop work. Ordinary bands earn £2 per week. Cabinetmakers.-In the best sbop3 the averago earnings of good tradesmen is 12s. per day ond upwards, according to ability; polishers, 10s. to 11s. In second-class estab- lishments and factories first hands roako 103. per day, and for cabriole work 12s. ; up- holsterers, 9s. to 10s. ; polishers, 8s. to 93. i saw mill hands, 10s. to 12s. per day of eight hours. . _ ... Iron Founders, Smiths, &c.-; Smiths aro paid per hour, and good men can earn on r^ average 10s. to 14s. per day; litters, 9i > 12s. ; turners, 14s. ; moulders, 11s. to 1-. I rattern-makers, 10s. to 13s, ; mechanical engineers, 12s. to 14s. Shoeing smiths earn on on average £2 10s. per week of 10 hours Stevedore's Men.-Lumpers and wool stowers are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, 16s. The rate never alters, but there is often a good deal of broken time. Donkey-engine drivers, about £4 per week ; engineers in tow boats, £10 por month. . Painters.-Ordinary hands get 8s perday, but work is not very steady in this trade. Watch Jobbers.-Advertisements haves ap- peared for steady men in this trade at £4 per week ; this may be taken as the ordinary Bakcrs.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trade is 10 hours per "Gardeners.-First-class men-without ra- tions-for situations near town, get JOS., W COs. per week, but the demand for best bañas is very limited. Do. for country, DOs. ; secontt CIMB da, near town, State <&!««*; . third class for country (with rations), IJS. w 20s. Grooms in livory-stablos get from 30s, to 40s. per week. Saddlers and Harness-makers.-Tho bost ' îiands in this trade earn £3 per week- time, 10 hours per day ; second class (mostly young men), 2Cs. to 30s. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS PITAL. The following is a list of the deaths that Iiave taken place in the Melbourne Hospital ^mcc our last summary, specifying, as far as is ^ft'-iown, tho names of tho deceased persons, their ages, places of hirth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : Agatt, Richard, labourer, aged 42 ; arrived in 1853 by tho Medina ; died December 13, of apoplexy. Andrews, Wm., frenchpolisher, aged 24, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1862 by the Blue Jacket ; died December 22, of fracture to the skull. Best, Mary, aged 26, native of Manchester ; arrived in lf>61 by the Shackamaxon ; died December 7, of colic from> lead-poisonining. Balchin, Jane, aged 36, 'native of Ireland ; arrived in 1852 by the Simla ; diod December 12, of phthisis. Baker, Philip, alias Becker, carpenter, aged 48, native of Prussia; arrived in 1852, ship unknown ; died December 23, \- of disease of tho brain and apoplexy. Cavadore, Anthony, lumper, aged 40, native of Sicily ; arrived in 1854 by the Sydney ; died December 3, of diseaso of tho aorta. Clarke, Sarah, aged 70 (no further particu- lars) ; died December 19, of corebritis. 1 Chapple, Henry, barman, aged 35, native of Bath ; arrived in 1853 by tho Roxburgh \- Castle ; died December 20, of diseaso of the liver and kidneys, and dropsy. Cameron, John, printer, aged 42, native of Edinburgh ; arrived in 1853 by the Catharino Glen ; died December20, of phthisis. Dodd, Robert, shepherd, aged 49. native of Cumberland ; arrived in 1841, ship unknown ; died December 4, of delirium tremens. Dalton, Wm., labourer, aged 40, native of Yorkshire ; arrived in Victoria, from Queens- land, ship and date unknown ; died Decem- ber 26, of paralysis. Gear, Chas., miner, aged 52, native of the 'United States ; arrived in 1857, ship un- known ; died December 23, of aneurism of the aorta. Hickey, Michael, clerk, aged 43, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1848 by the Blonde ; died December 14, of epilepsy und paralysis. Johnson, Thomas, shepherd, aged 67, native of Lancashire ; arrived in 1851 by the Mary Ann ; died on December 6, of cancer of the stomach. Junger, Henry, overseer, aged 30, native of Prussia ; arrived in 1858 by tho St. John ; died on December 21, of phthisis. Kendal, James, a miner, aged 42, native of Yorkshire ¡ arrived in 1853 by the Great Britain ; died on Decembor l8, of erysipelas and necrosis of tho lower jaw. Linden, Jane, aged 30, native of Ireland ; arrived in 18o3 by the Wanetta ; died Decem- ber 9, of phthisis. Lynch, Edward, labourer, aged 30, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1856 by the African : died December 25, of cancer of the liver ana kidneys. Moore, Michael, labourer, aged 50, native Of Ireland ; arrived in 1849 by the Waterloo ; died December 14, of morbus cordis. M'Don aid, Patrick, seaman, aged 45, native of Canada ; arrived in 1867 by the Evening Star ; died December 10, of bronchitis and debility. Masfallear, Peter, seaman, native -of Italy, aged 30 ; arrived in 1859 by tho Mur- ray ; died December 11, of morbus cordis and pneumonia. M'Coonack, Mary, aged 50, na- tive of Ireland ; arrived in 1850 by the Corea ; died December 28, of disease of tho liver and dropsy. M'Pherson, Robert, plasterer, aged 43, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1857 by the John Bell ; died December 28, of aneurism of the aorta. Quinlan, William, labourer, aged 75, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1S52, ship unknown ; died Decembor 20, of bronchitis and de Jbility. Rogers, Martin, labourer, aged 49, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1867 by tho Wm. Jar- dine ; died December 15, of fever and absceis of the liver. Robinson, Emma, aged 38, ??aaative of London ; arrived in 1857 by the Haipley ; died December 17, of exhaustion and cancer of the breast. Ramsay, George, seaman, aged 53, native of Scotland ; arrived îu 18G9 by the Thomas Flotcher ; died De- cember 13, of morbus cordis. Redmond, Ed- ward ; died December 22, of inflammation of the lungs. No further information. Scammell, Elizabeth, aged 75, native of Somersetshire ; arrived in 1864 by the Van- guard ; died December 13, of morbus cordis. Stewart, Andrew, herdsman, aged 19, native of London ; arrived in I860 by the Golden Sea ; died December 22, of morbus cordis. PRODUCTION IN 1868. The statistics furnished under the head of .production show that the total quantity of 'laud sold during the year 1868 was 275,G48a. Sr. 4 23-30p., the amount realised for which ivas £359,702 12s. 7d., or an average price of .£1 Gs. Id, per acre. Tho quantity of land gianted during tho year amounted to 60a. 8'ip. The total quantity of land sold in the colony up to the end of 1868 was 0,G75,24Ga. 2r. 20p. The total grants without purchase up to that date amounted to 1,110a. lr. 9 17-C0p. Tho total extent of unalienatod land in the colony was 48,967,803a. 10 13 C0p. The return of land leased from the Crown showhthatduring theyearl,403seiectors leased 303,557a. 3r. 29Jp., forwhichthorontamountcd to £15,222Is. Thenumberof squatting runs - 1,050-was 2» less than in tho precedingyear ; and the approximate area-27,034,7e5a. showed a diminution in comparison with 1SG7 .of 1,470,559a. The agricultural statistics show vfchat during the year ending Jlst March, 1869, the number of holders had increased to 29,218, (Or 3,390 more than in 18G7 ; the extent of land ? occupied to 8,881,193a., or 775,728a. moiethan ?in the preceding year ; and the extent of -land cultivated to 712,865a., or 81,658a. moro than in 1867. The quantity of produce raised differed considerably from that of the pre- vious year, there being of wheat 817,365 inisbels, and of " other cereals" 6,743 bushels moro than in 1867 ; while there wore of oats, '74,949 bushels ; barley, 32,031 bushels ; pota- toes, 37,843 tons; other green crops, 7,420 tons ; hay, 17,792 tons ; tobacco, 323cwt. ; vines, 957,037 (tho returns of vines for 1808 aie, however, impeifect); grapes sold, e.885cwt, and wine made, 10,525 gals, less than iu 1867 ; while of brandy there was an increase in the quantity made of 230 gals, over that of the previous year. The approxi- mate value of agricultural implements and machinery upon farms is estimated at £1,144,489 ; and the value of improvements, which includes the value of buildings of all descriptions, fences, &c.;, but not the cost of clearing and cropping the land, is estimated at £7,302,077. There are 136 flour and grain mills, of which 127 aie worked by steam and Î) by water power. The quantity of flour made during the year was 98,809 tons, besides 422 bushels of meal. The number of persons employed on farms unconnected with stations is 00,711, of whom 41,242 are males and 19,409 females. The number employed on stations is 7,591, of whom 5,798 aro males and 1,793 females. The total number of pei sons employed iu agricultural and pastoral puisuits is 68,302. The rates of wages paid to labourers vary considerably in different districts. The wages of ploughmon vary from 14s. to 40s. a week ; farm labourers, from 10s. to 40s. ; married couples on farms, from £10 i to £80 per annum ; females, from 5s. to los. a week ; mowers, from 15s. to 40s. a week, or fiom Is. Gd. to 7s. 6d. per acre j reapers, from 15s. to 40s. a week, or from 6s. to 20s. per acre ; threshing, from 3d. to 8d. per bushel. ' The rates of wages on stations vary quite as much as those of agricultural labourers. The wages of stockmen range from £30 to £75 por annum ; shepherds, from £20 to £40 ; hut kiepeis, from £18 to £36 ; married couples, from £40 to £80 j females, from £12 to £40 per annum ; station labourers, from 10s. to 30s. a week ; sheep-washers, from 10s. to 30s. a week ; and shearers, from 10s. to 17s. per 100\. The live stock on farms and stations in the colony is estimated at-Horses, 143,934 ; milch cows, 181,854 ; other cattle, 571,828 ; sheep, 9,750,810 ; pigs, 136,200. Tho growing importance of the agricultural interest in Victoria is very clearly shown by the fact that of all kinds of live stock, with the excep- tion of sheep, by far tho largest proportion belongs to farmers and to porsons uncon- nected with stations, who have-of horses, i>3,8G6 ; milch cows, 148,624 ; other cattle, 142,778 ; and of pigs, 111,790 moro than are to be found on the stations. But of sheep, the squatters have 7,348,577, while the farmers have only 2,408,242, tho excess of the number on tho stations over the number on the farms being 4,940,335. The stone quarries -83 in number-yielded during the year 1868 -of bluestone, 416,329 tons ; granite, 325 tons ; slate, 2,000 tons ; sandstone, 5,085 tons ; tho approximate total value of which was estimated at £57,G80. The breweries, of .which there are 107, made during the year 17,150,282 gals, of beer. Tho brickyards and potteries, numbering 222, turned out during the year 60,980,000 bricks, valued at £120,985, besides pottery, tho value of which is estimated at£10,450. There are 833 manu- factories, which give employment to 11,179 males and 2,977 females. In gold-mining there aro in uso 6,008 machines of various kinds, the value of which is estimated at £2,150,432. The number of distinct quartz reefs proved to bo auriferous is 2,651 ; the extent* of the auriferous, alluvial, and quartz ground worked upon is 884 square miles ; and tho estimated value of the gold mining claims is £8,869,504. The quantity of gold obtained during 1868 is approximately valued at-From quartz voins, 587,C94oz. ; from alluvial workings, l,069,804oz. ; total quantity of gold exported, £1,657,498. The mineral leases in force are-Antimony, 8 ; coal, 13 ; copper, 1 ; lignite, 3 ; silver, 9 ; slate, 3 ; tin, 2 ; the capital proposed to be invested in which is estimated at £161,450. NEW ZEALAND NOTES. The news from New Zealand this month has been on tho wholo of a pacific character, and strong hopes are now entertained that the rebellion will soon be crashed out. Mr. M'Lean's (the Defence Minister) tour through the disaffected districts has boon productive of much good, and there is now every pro- spect that friondly relations will in future exist between the colonists and a portion of the Maori race which has long refused to bold intercourse with them. King Tawhaio and some of his leading chiefs havo decidedly refused to co-oporato with cither To Kooti or Tito Kowaru, and havo concluded terms of peace, and promised to assist Mr. M'Lean in putting an end to tho strife and restoring tranquility to tho country. Most of tho powerful tribes, especially those which have anything to lose, profess them- selves tired of fighting, and wish for peace. A few turbulent hapus still roam about, but not in sufficient numbers to excite much alarm, and it is confidently hoped that most of the hostile tribes will soon lay down their arms and return to peaceful pursuits. The last news of To Kooti shows him activo and daring as ever. Having obtained some re- inforcement of Uriweras, and from othor tribes, ho left the bush about the beginning of this month. On the 3rd ho was at To Papa, which is only a day's journey from Tapuae-haruru, where Colonel M'DonneH's force is concentrated. M'Donnell was ex- pected to attack him, and has probably pre- vented the junction with Te Kooti of other Uriweras. That portion of tho tribe which remained in its own country has been quiet since the withdrawal of the useless expedition to the Waikare-Moana Lake; but intelli- gence has been received that an attempt is about to bo made by them to march towards Taupo. It is hoped that M'Donneli's attack upon the band which had gathered at Te Papa will enable him to prevent this im- portant reinforcement reaching Te Kooti. The latest news which has been received of the movements of this desperado are threaten- ing, but it is scarcely possible ho will escape the vigilant search now being made after bim. A telegram from Alexandra on the 20th ult,, states that To Kooti was within 25 miles of Tokangamutu, but his intentions wero not known. Kereopa had joined him, and their force altogether consisted of 400 men. They were said to be undecided at present, whether to attack tho King party at Tokangamutu. Great excitement prevails among the Kin «ites, and proposals have been made to shoot Te Kooti. Latest advices from Wanganui state that Te Kooti had threatened to attack Marauku, a native living in the broken country between Pipiriki and the Taupo Lake. Ho is probably desirous to revenge himself on this chief for Mamuku refused him shelter when he was oidered off by the Waikatos. Immediately on the receipt of this intelligence, tho Maories at Wanganui collected all their available force, and, to tho number of some 250 men, started to join Topia's party in search of the rebel, who, if the information as to his where- abouts is correct, will probably be caught at last, as there will be some 300 or 400 natives out after him from the Wanganui side, and the colonial forces at Taupo will bo ready to lay hold of bim in case of his endeavouring to retreat that way. It is evident that Te Kooti is determined to bring matters to an issuo. There con be little doubt as to the re- sult, and a short and sharp, but decisive campaign, would be far preferable to the constant dicad which the near prcsenco of a luiking enemy causes to out-settlers. Nothing is heard of Tito Kowaru, and it seems probable that tho decisivo way in which tho Waikatos and. Ngatimaniapotos have declared for peace will have the effect of keeping bim quiet, The unwillingness of the King to surrender either To Kooti or Tito Kowaru if they cease fighting is likely to givo rise to sonio difficulty. Ho does not seem to look upon their offences as murder and rapine, and Rewi, one of his most powerful chiefs, caTefnlly fenced with Mr. M'Lean's request that To Kooti should be handed over to him, if he returned to the King's country. On the other baud, a demand has been made for the release of Te Hura and others who wero chiefly concerned in the murder of Mr. Fulloon on the East Coast during the Wai- kato war, Rewi undertaking to become an- swerable for Te Hura's good behaviour if he wero let go. Rather than imperil the good relations now subsisting, Mr. M'Loan baa advised tho Governor to grant free pardons to these men. A meeting of the Upper and Lower Wanganui natives has taken place, and they now profess themselves ready to hunt out Te Kooti if supplied with arms, or to find provisions for tho allies if they wero sent out against him. They also stated that they would make no objection to the construction of roads throuah their country to Taupo-a concession which is of the highest importance, as it will lead to the opening up of country believed to bo very auriferous. The only important political event of the month has been the departure of Dr. Feather Pton and Mr. Dillon Bell, as commissioners, for England. They had scarcely left when Earl Granville'.? latest despatch positively recalling the 18th Regiment from New Zealand, carno to hand. It is generally thought that as the colonists had pledged themselves to pay any demands made by the Imperial Government for the detention of the troops, that it would have been only fair and courteous f had the Home authorities awaited the arrival of the special commis- sioners in England boforo taking the step they bave done. A bill for the re-union of Otago and Southland has been carried in the Provincial Council of the latter province. The legal re-union can, however, only be effected by the General Assembly. The Pro- vincial Government of Otago have invited tenders from any company willing to under- take the construction of a line of railway ex- tending from Dunedin to Balclutha, a dis- tando of BIA miles. Tho Government is em- powered to guarantee interest at a rate noo ex- ceeding S per cent, per annum on tho paid-up cnpital of any company which may be formed for the construction of the proposed lino, to the extent of £400,000 of such capital, for a period of 15 years from the commencement of thewoiks. The New Zealand Government have invited tenders for tbo whole or any portion of £150,000 Troasury bills, issued under the Treasury Bills Act, 1S69, No. 2. Tho bills will bear interest at the rate of a littlo o vor 0 per cent, per annum, and the principal will be payable in November 1874. A recent tele- gram from Sydney states that Messrs. Lonnon and Cape, brokers, have sold £79,000 worth of Now Zealand consolidated loan at par, the Mutual Provident Society having taken £04,000. The election of superintendents has recently come off in several of the provinces. Mr. T. B. Gillies, once Postmaster-General of New Zealand, has been elected Superin- tendent of Auckland province, and Mr. W. Wood, of Southland. The social news or the month contains but few items of general interest. Great atten- tion is now being paid to the dressing of the native flax, and this new industry bids fair to | assume gigantic proportions in a few yoars. A new Zealand paper, recently commenting on the probablo success of the now enterprise, Temarks that tho natives aro most anxious to lease their flax lands to the Europeans, so this industry will assume a magnitude that few would havo imagined a few years sinco. It is calculated that, at tho very least, there are 500,000 acres of flax land in New Zealand, which, taking it to yield, say at tho lowest, half a ton to the acre, the result is 250,000 tons of dressed flax. Assuming that £20 is only obtained for it, tho yield to the colony will be £5,000,000. These are round numbers, but at the rate machines are being erected throughout New Zealand, we shall not be sur- prised, in a few years, to see them doubled. The present unsatisfactory arrangements for tho conveyance of English mails is again attracting attention. The Govern- ment have been urged to take action in tho matter, and they have undertaken to endeavour to mako arrangements to subsidiso a steamer to convey .the homeward mail to Melbourne during the next six months. It was feared that tho funds at command would not bo sufficient to provide a subsidy for bringing the mail to New Zealand. A de- structive fire at Westport, and a whirlwind at Nelson, both of which occasioned consider- able destruction to property, havo been amongst the events of the month. The gold-fields show no signs of exhaus- tion, but fresh ground is being discovered every week. From the Thames the news continues to bo very good, oxcopt for specu lators in scrip. Some new quartz reefs, of a valuable character, have lately been disco- vered in Auckland province, but tho wild speculation which took place soino months ago renders it very difficult to find capital to work any now discovories, no mattor how fair the promise. Great gold discoveries of rich quartz reefs havo occurred in tho provinco of Nelson lately, not only at Uangapeka, but also at Collingwood, a once well-worked alluvial diggings, at the Grey, and on the Bulla. In Otago province several rich roofs have lately come to light, one having boen found on tho private estate of Mr. Dillon Bell sinco ho loft for England. In Westland, too, similar dis- coveries have occurred, not far from Hokitika, which at present wants something to give an impetus to its trade. VICTORIAN RIFLE ASSOCIATION MATCHES. The ninth meeting of tho Victorian Rifle Association, for rifle competition, was hold at the Sandridge Butts on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday last. The entries wero not so numerous as on previous occasions, owing to the shortness of the notice given ; and tho shooting was rathor below tho average, the long interval which has elapsed sinco the last meeting having had a very appreciable effect. The International Match, in which 10 repre- sentatives of England, Ireland, and Scotland, selected respectively by Captain Chambers, Major Radcliffe, and Captain Templeton, took part, was very ovonly contested. The English- men won, but only beat tho Scotchmen by seven points, and tho Irishmen by 12. The total scores at 500 yards were very close, the English team making 124, the Scotch 126, and the Irish 123. The Challenge Cup given by the V.R.A. has thus become tho property of tho English ten, and Hopo of Bondigo, the highest scorer of the team with 54, takes the £5 prize. Tho noxt highest scorers in tho match wero Davidson, of Bondigo, 51 ; and Smith, of Emerald-hill, 50. The Challengo Cup given to the corps making the four highest aggregate scores was again won by the Emerald-hill Artillery ; and D. M'Hutchi- son, of Emerald-hill, and Hannay, of Maldon, carried off tho N.A.R. medals with £10 attached. Colonel Anderson and Major Irving took tho first and second prizes respec- tively for rapid firing with Sniders. RACING. With the exception of tho New Year's Day racing at Flemington, the only event worth noticing during tho past month is the Smythesdale meeting, which took place on the 9th and 10th December. Tho Hurdle Race was won by Lady Clare, beating Kaled and three others. Tho Smythesdale Handi- cap was a very unsatisfactory race ; through some blunder, it is hard to say on whose part, all the horses, with tho exception of Pn-otor, ran the distance. The stewards decided that it was a false start, and the race was run over again. The second timo Pnetor was winning easily when he was pulled up, to allow his stable companion (Phosphorus) to win, and in doing so he crossed Albany and tho Flying Dutchman. The stewards dis- qualified both Mr. Dowling's horses, and gave the raco to Albany. The District Plate was won by Farmer's Daughter, Shamrock being second. The second day, tbo Selling Hurdle Race was won by Yorkshiroman, beating four others af teran excellent race. Sportsman won the Ladies' Purse. The Grenville Handicap was won by Flying Dutchman, beating three others. The Selling Stakes fell an easy vic- tory to Falstaff. The committee of the V.R.C. havo conferred the appointment of handi capper on Mr. E. T. Barnard, a gentleman who has hitherto been but little known on tbe turf, beyond nominating horses for a private stable. The salary has been fixed at the very low sum of £230, hut it is expected that the amount will be supplemented by the pro- vincial clubs. Mr. Bernard's first essay was in fixing the weights for the 1st January ; the result has been much criticised, and many complaints made ; but it is worthy of notice that not a horse was withdrawn on the ground that ho was overweighted. The fiolds on the 1st of January wero good, and the racing above the average. The Hurdle Race, about three miles, was won hy Yorkshireman, beating 11 others in 5m. 5Gs. The Three year-old Handicap was won by Misty Morn, with Matilda second and Kestrel third. The Midsummer Handicap wa3 won by The Monk, Albany second and Flying Dutchman third, Tory boy, who was much fancied, never show- ing in the race. Seven horses came to tho post for the Steeplechase; Babbler, the fa- vourite, only securing third place, Currygong being second and Skipper first. Ballarat, who liad been heavily backed, was scratched the morning of the race, having gono wrong in his training. Tbo Manners Sutton Stakes fell to old Strop, Kestrel being second and Monk third. The £50 Plate was won by Warrior (not the Cup winner of that name), beating 13 others. ATHLETIC SPORTS. The arrival of the English champion pedes- trians, Messrs. Hewitt, Bird, and Toploy, with their trainer, Mr. Ledger, has given a considerableimpetustothepedestrianintorest, and their first matches, which are to come off on thoMelbourneCrioketGround, on Satur- day next, are looked forward to with much interest. On Boxing Day a pedestrian and cricket meeting, which attracted somo 8,000 spectators, was held on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. The ciicket match was botween tho Victorian Eleven and the next eighteen, being designed as a practico match for the intercolonial contest between Victoria and New South Wales, which comes off about the middlo of next month, and tho play was very Rood. Tho only novelty in the racing, apart from the training exercises of the English champions, who stripped splendidly, was a bicycle steeplechase, the hurdles being steeply- inclined planks in the shape of an inverted V about 4ft. high. No serious acci- dent occurred, and tho race caused a great deal of amusement. A series of races, at five distances, for £500 a side, between Harris, the champion runner of the colony, and Hewitt, the English pedestrian, are in courso of arrangement. THE THEATRES. Both pantomimes this year are written hy Mr. W. M. Akhurst, the well-known burlesque author. That at the Royal is called " The Houso that Jack Built ; or, Harlequin Pro- gress and the Loves, Laughs, Lamonts, and Labours of Jack Melbourne and Little Vic- toria." It is lavishly put upon the stage, and will, no doubt, have a successful run. The pantomime played at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, under tho same management, bears the title of "Harlequin Jack Sheppard; or, the Disreputable Detective, the Clover Klep- tomaniac, and the Plot of the Piebald Gob- lin." Its literary merit is equal to that of tho other, but as the utmost parsimony has beon displayed in its production, it is not to bo wondered at that it has not been very success- ful. Herr Bandmann is playing an ongagemont at Ballarat with Miss Rose Evans, and has ap- peared in several of his leading parts, but ho lias not been generally so well received as in Melbourne. On Christmas evo the Philharmonic Socioty gave their annual performance of the "Mes- siah" in the Theatre Royal, which was crowded from floor to ceiling. The principal attraction was the re-appearanco of Miss Amelia Bailey, after an absence of # eight years from Australia; but this lady delivered the music allotted to her in somewhat mediocre stylo, and it will probably bo found that her forte is more in ballad singing. Mr. Heller's magical performances continue to be largely patronised : and Weston and Hussey's minstrel troupe have also had a fair share of tho holiday folks' attentions.. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns from tho Government Rail- ways for tho week ending December 23 show a considerable falling off in tho main branches of revenue, particularly in the car- riage of passengers, which shows a largo de- ficiency as compared with the returns for the corresponding week of lost year. That this is only an accidental circumstanco is shown by the gross returns for the year from January 1 to December 23,1809, giving au in- crease of £20,840 Sa. 2d. over tho revenue derived from the corresponding period last year. The weekly average also shows a considerable increase over last year's returns. The return for the carriago of passengers for tho week gives tho sum of £3,79310s. lid., as against £0,489 3s. 4d. for the corresponding period of last year, showing a falling off in this branch of the revenue of £2,695 Gs. 5d. for the week. The return for the carriage of goods and minerals amounts to £0,654 12s. 4d., as against £7,44518s. 4d. last year, show- ing a decrease of £791 0s. in this branch of traffic. The total returns for the week amount to £11,260 lös. Od., as against £14,739 19s, Id. for the corresponding period of lost year, showing a decrease of £3,473 *<>».. 7d. Tho aggregate returns to date for the year amount to £598,501 7s. 8d., as against £571,654 19s. 6d. for the corresponding period . of last year, showing an increase of £20,810 8s. 2d. The weekly average of 01 weeks amounts to £11,735 6s. 5d., as against £11,203 18s. 5d. last year, showing a weekly increase over last year's returns of £526 8s. Tho fol- lowing statement shows tho gross revenuo of the Victorian Railways from January 1 in the following years ¡-Traffic to December 21, 1805, £565,85111s. 8d. ; to Decomber 20, I860, £508.619 19s. lOd. ; to December 19, 18G7, £527,916 2s. 8d. ; to December 24, 1808, £571,654 19s. 6d. ; to December 23, 1869, £598,5017s. Sd. The returns of the traffic on the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay United Railway for the four weeks ending December 23, 18G9, show a steadily increasing prosperity. The roturn for the carriage of passengers amounts to £7,979 3s. Id., as against £6,500 19s. Id. during $he corresponding period of last year, showing the largo increase from this branch alone of £1,478 4s. Tho return for tho carriage of merchandise is £4,295 2s. Od., as against £4,14219s. 5d. last year, giving an increase of £152 3s. Id., showing a total in- crease on the month's returns of £1,630 7s. Id. over those of last year for the corresponding four weeks. Tho aggregate returns from July 1 to December 23, 1869, amount to £07,818 19s. 10d., as against £01,437 103. last year, showing an increaso of £6,411 9s. lOd. over tho receipts derived from tho same period last year. The weekly averago to date amounts to £2,69810s. 10d., as against £2,42914s. 7d.. showing a weekly increase over the returns of last year of £208 10s. 3d. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The P. and O. Company's R.M.S.S. Avoca, Captain A. B. Farquhar, with tho Australian and New Zealand mails for England and the East, left her anchorage in tho bay on the afternoon of the 7th ult., and sailed for King George's Sound and Point do Gallo. The R.M.S.S. Geelong, in command of Cap- tain R. T. Dundas, arrived in tho bay at half-past-7 a.m. on the 22nd ult., with the mails from Europe and the East. As usual, the Geelong made an oxcellontrun from Gallo to the Sound, and from thence to Mel- bourno, and has onco more delivered her mails within contract time. The Geelong left Gallo at 7 p.m. on tho 1st of last month, and had moderate weather for several days. She then encountered strong S.E. trades from lat 8° 30' S., and afterwards strong southerly winds until passing Cape Leu win. She ar- rived at the Sound at half-past 9 a,m. on the 10th, and loft again at half-past 8 p.m. During the following three days she expe- rienced stiff breezes from W.S.W. to N.N. W., with cloudy weather and a verylowbarometor (falling to 29'08) ; afterwards moderate vari- able winds prevailed to CapoOtway, which was passed at 14 minutes post 2 p.m. on the 21st ult. When abreast of Cape Patton the wea- ther set in thick, with heavy rain, and though the pilot was taken on board at 8 p.m., ho did not deem it prudent to take tho ship in- side the Heads on that account. The samo* weather lasted until midnight, and the Gee- long reached tho anchorago in the bay on tho day and hour mentioned above. The mails wero landed with all duo despatch, and the steamer left her anchorago at half-past 11 a.m. on the same day, and passed through Port Phillip Heads at half-past 2 p.m. on her way to Sydney. STATE Or TRADE. Nothing bos transpired during the month now closed to change tho aspect of business, or impart an improved appearance to the markets ; indeed, it is generally- asserted that, as far as business is concerned, in no former year has so dull a Christ- mas season been passed. It would be difficult to give the true reason for this wero it not to be found in the official returns pub- lished from time to time ; and as the Customs revenue for the year shows a large increaso in that particular department, the yield for the year ending 30th September last being £284,798 more than in tbo preceding twelvemonths, tho conclusion is forced upon us that instead of a decrease, there must have been an increase in the trade of the port nearly in proportion to the increased amount of duties paid. Wo allude to this in ordor, if possible, to explain tho apparently contra- dictory nature of our reports for the last twelve months, these having been anything but of a cheerful tono, whilo the figures now given afford indisputable evidence that our commercial relations with other countiies havo not certainly fallen be- hind during the past year. For many years past business in tho colony has gradu- ally been assuming an entirely new phase. Formerly there wns a clear and distinct lino drawn between the importer and the middle- man who bought and distributed the mer- chandise brought to market amongst tho re- tailers, and they wero so enabled to regulate their purchases that, in the ovent of a glut or ovcrsupply, the loss had to be horne entirely by the importer. Not content, however, with the legitimate profits made in this way, an adventurous middle-man determined to add to his other profits that of importing ; and though tho venture turned out most disas- trously, yet the ice onco broken, the evil has gone on increasing until this year, when, ap- parently, it has culminated, and wo think wo are near the truth when wo positively assert that four-fifths at least of the wholesale grocers and country dealers now import their own goods. It would bo idle, how- ever, to suppose that the change referred to has been altogether advantageous, for, like everything oho that is dono with- out consideration, tho impoitant fact has been lost ' siRhfc of that the merchants and commission agents continuing to import their ordinory quantum of supplies, and having lost their market in the middlemen, havo been compelled ' to forcn. sales by nuction at a great sacrifico. This, in turn, has had an equally destructivo effect on the value of tho goods imported by the middle- men for their own trade, and all have been losers in consequence, if ¿hero is nny truth in I tho opinion generally expressed that tho past year has been an unprofitable one to all en- gaged in trade. The competition is notlikely to end hero, for it is more than probablo that in the year to como the import merchants will eschew the intervention of the middleman altogether, and endeavour to reach the con- sumers by a more direct channel. Whothor or not, wo trust the explanation now given is sufficiently explicit, and goes to confirm tho correctness of our monthly trade reports hitherto. Amongst the moro prominent transactions of the month, wo observe that candles have met with purchasers to tho ex- tent of 8,000 or 9,000 boxes. Cornsacks declined previous to tho mail's arrival, but since, a reaction set in, and some 300 bales changed hands at advanced rates. In coffee, tho arrival of tho David and Jessie is tho only feature worth special rcforenco. On breadstuff a further declino has boon re- corded. Maize has likewise been subjected to a heavy fall in value. Kerosene oil, in tho early part of the month, showod somo excitement. Quicksilver has mot with speculative attention. Thora has been a good deal doing in rice, both Java and Patna aving commanded notice Tho sales of sugar embrace about 39,000 bags Mauritius and Java. Transactions in tea include tho fancy teas ox Marquis of Argylo, Blairmore, and Geelong ; old congou porMedina, the cargo per Mobile, &c.; Tho wreck of the Mario Gabrielle, with hor cargo, as sha lay at Moon- light Head, was sold for £75. Tho shipments to Victoria advised by tho present mail show an increaso of £202.029, but the wholo of that is found to consist of season's soft goods. The advices regarding wool have also boon of a cheerful character, and productive of much good. Considerable sensation was created in mercantile circles by tho arrest of Mr. Thomas Webb Draper, accountant in the Commercial Bank, on a charge of forgory and embezzlement. Rumour has mentioned various sums, from £4000 to £18,000, as the extent of his defalcations, and the consequent loss to tho bank. Whatever the amount, the loss must bo of importance to so young an institution, but cannot othorwiso affect its position. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. The exchange rate for tho present mail has been steady at half per cent, premium, this rate being charged tor 60 days' sight bank drafts. Though it has been in contemplation to raise tho rates of discount in tho beginning of the year, wo cannot as yet advise any alteration, C and 7 per cent, being still charged on 3 and 4 months' bills ; 8 to 10 per cont. is required for longer periods. Interest at the rate of 2 and 3 per cent, is allowed on deposits at 3 and 4 months' ; 4 per cent, is allowed on 0 months' ; and 5 per cent, on 12 months' deposits. WOOL. In the course of the past month, some 10,214 bales were cleared off at tho Melbourne public sales, and about 2,390 bales wero dis- posed of at the Geelong sales. The prices realised ranged from Cd. to 9d. for greasy, lid. to 22d. for fleece (ono clip of 268 bftles I brought 22d.), and scoured sold at lOd. to lGJd. At Geelong, one clip of 100 bales roa jjgj'jl Is. 9d. For .a lonÇtimo PM* the probablo deficiency on this yb¿Ta ?1iP,oE ^ï001"ia consequence of tho late droufe.lt' bas boon tho subject of com- ment in comme.".c"V circles, and by tho30 capable of judging, We decroaso as compared with the clip of last year J"« been estimated at 20,000 bales at least. Wo have, howovor, been furnished with data by which we arrive at the conclusion that tho f alling-off is moro likely to bo nearly double the quantity named : Bales, Tho clip of last year, say to 29th March, lSOO.jieldod. .. .. 105,650 Of tills year'« dtp wo have shipped to 3rd December.-91,995 And there havo since beon cleared to date .22,679 Tho vessels now loading and expected to carry tho remainder of tho clip, say up to March, 1870, allowing a full quantity for oaoh, will take .. 43 100 \- 157,001 Tho deficiency will thus bo .. .. S7.8S0 The probable quantities by tho vessels load- ing are thus made up:-Hawarden Castlci 4,000 ; Colonial Empire, 5,000 ; Agamemnon! 4,000 ; Thomas Stephens, 4,000 ; Lincolnshire. 2,200; Loch Katrine, 4,000; Empress, 4,000'! Anglesey, 2,100; Kent, 2,000; Oriental. 5,000 ; Lansdowne, 2.8U0 ; White Rose, 4¡000.' STOCK AND STATIONS. ' The accounts from the interior regarding' stock and station property aro for the most part of a gratifying description, and, although many will bo subjected to unavoidable losses, it is now quito certain that the apprehended ruin which was hanging over this interest has happily beon averted. The following sales wore effected in the course of the month ¡-Several stations and blocks of pur- chased land wero offered by auction three weeks ago ; the greater portion realised fair prices. The Salisbury Plains station, togothor with 5,585 sheep, was sold to Mr. . Finlay Campbell ; the Powlett Plains station, to- gether with 11,800 sheep, to Messrs. Coutts Brothers ; tho Springfield station, together with 7,644sheep, to Mr. Alex. Moffatt; and portions of the Powlett Plains and Salisbury Plains estates to different buyers, at prices ranging from £110s. to £2 7s. Gd. per acre. Balangour, in the West Wimmera district, near Harrow, with 9,962 sheep, fencing and other improvements, was sold uder the ham- mer to Mr. David Edgar, of Pine-hills, Mount Pleasant, near Heathcote, with 4,100 sheep, cattle, and sundries ; also 300 acres of pur- chased land, houso, and improvements, wero disposed of at the same time to Mr. J. K. Fleming. There was a fair attendance, and the prices obtained may be regarded as satis- factory. ritOTEcnoir. j When the bon. member for East Bourke Boroughs (Mr. E. Cope) was before his consti- tuents ho told them thoy would soon see, through the benign influence of a protective tariff, the chimneys of manufactories rising in great numbers. This happy era does not seem yet to havo arrived, but several now factories havo within tho yoar boen closed ; whilst our columns havo recorded the failure of the enterprising artisans who established the first glass manufactory in this colony. Tlic Messrs. Thomas wero partners with, and successors to, tho late Mr. Nixon, ex-M.L.A., and the inauguration of the factory, somo timo back, was duly heralded as an auspicious event. Tho cause of failure is stated to be want of adequate capital, without which, of course, no amount of protection will success- fully establish any industry. THE SHIP LIGHTNING. A meeting of persons interested in the ship Lightning and her cargo was hold on the 14th ult., at the offices of Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co., to consider a letter from the con- tractors, Messrs. H. B. Donaldson and Co., relating to tho progress m ado in raising the wreck. Tho secretaries of the local insurance companies most laTgely interested and other gentlemen were present, who, after deciding upon the course to be adopted, oxpressod unanimous approval of the stops taken by Captain Jones and his agents for the recovery of the property. Outside of the insurance offices great dissatisfaction is boing evinced tit the slow progress made in raising the ship and cargo ; but in the.present stage any inter- ference with the contractors could not but prove detrimental to thointercsts of those con- cerned. THE ALrilED CRAVING DOOK. I From a return which was presented to the Legislativo Assembly on tho 11th ult., we leam that the total expendí- i tmo on tho Alfred Graving Dock, Wil Harristown, up to September 28, 1S09, was £100,759. Of that, £22,932 had beon spent in constructing the fir3t portion of tho dock, £48,087 on the socond por- tion, and £20,102 represented paymonts already made for work done under the third contract. The total paymonts made of the consolidated revenuo and aftorwaids trans- ferred as a charge upon the Public Works Loan Act of 1868 wa3 £70,350. Amongst other items specified in the return was that of £230, the cost of providing a gold trowel for His Royal Highness Piince Afrod on tho oc- casion of his laying tho momorial stone. INTERCHANGE. The imports for the yoar 1808 amounted in the aggregate to£13,320,GG2, being an increaso ns compared with thoso of 18G7 of £1,046,582. The imports from the United Kingdom during the year were £6,223,G95, being £280,240 moro than in the previous year ; from other British dominions, £-1,447,306, or £1,175,683 more thnn in 1867 ; and from foreign states, £2 049,861, which shows an increaso of £190,G57 on tho imports of 18G7. The ex poits from the colony in 1868 show a still moro favourable increase. Thoy amounted to £15,593,990, being no loss than £2,869,503 more than in the preceding year ; and £1,095,00G more than in the highest previous year of the decennial period. The exports of tho produco or manufacture of Victoria amounted to £11,G97,S9S, being £1,725,500 in excess of the exports of the previous year, and exceeding those of 1S59 by £415,574. But on further comparing the two years, wo find the relative positions of tho im- ports and exports differing still more widely. In 1859 the total exports of the produco or manufacturo of Victoria amounted to £11,282,319, while tho imports j amounted to £15,622,S91, showing abalance of imports as compared with exports of £4,340,572 against tho colony i whereas in 18C8 wo find tho exports of the produce and manufacture of Victoria aro only £1,G22,769 less than tho wholo imports of the colony, while tho aggregato exports of all kinds exceed tho gross imports of the year by no less a sum than £2,273,328. Tho exports of 3868 exceed thoso of 1864, tho highest of any previous year of tho decennial period, by £1,695,G06. Tho number of vossols on toroa inwards in 1868 was 2,067 ; their tonnago, 053,302. Tho number cleared outwards, 2,172 ; tonnage, G85,207. The postal returns show the number of post-offices to bo G33 ; the number of letters, 0,749,710 -, of nowspapers, 4,974,102; ofpackots,324,143:income, £110,212 9s. 5d. ; and tho expenditure, £158,083 17s. 3d. ; which shows an oxcesa of expenditure over incomo of £41,8717s. lOd. In the money order department, tho number of orders issued was 73,222, amounting in valuo to £247,484 Os. 7d. ; the money orders paid in the year to 61,056, the value of which amounted to £214,02515s. 4d. FINANCE. The public debt of the colony is stated to havo been in 1868 £9,417,800, which amount is less than that of tho preceding year by £63,000. Tho net rovonuo of 1868 was £3,022,922 Gs. 9d" and the total expenditure £2,263,83111s. 2d. This leaves a balance of £759,090 15s. 7d., to which is added tho surplus balance, or tho finance account, of 1807, transferred in aid of 1808, amounting to £57,199 14s. 10d., making in tho wholo an aggregate sum of £81G,290 10s. 6d. as tho surplus rovonuo of 1868. Tho expenditure on account of the voluntoor force for 1868 amounted to£25,558 0s. Gd. Tho expenditure on immigration is stated to bo £23,131 10s. 7d., but this return is incomplete. The figures only denote the oxpondituro and remittances within tho year. The oxpondituro on public works during 1808 amounted to £103,130 11s. Id., and on roads and bridges to £70,072, but these figures do not include the ontire ex- penditure for tho year. SAVINGS BANKS. The total amount received from depositors in tho savings banks during tho yoar onded June 30,1869, was£513,99110s. lfld. ; thototal amount of repayments to depositors, £444,002 5s. 9d. ; and the total amount of interest allowed to thom was £25,439 2s. 8d. The number of accounts opened during tho same poriod was 7,401 (of which 1,502 were old accounts re-opened), and accounts closed 5,923. The total amount of depositors' balances at tho 1st July, I860, was £735,139 19s. Gd., boing an increase on tho amount at the corresponding period of tho previous year of £S5,371 7s. 9d., equivalent to about 15 per cent The number of depositors' accounts open on tho 1st July, 1809, was 19,028, being au increaso on the previous year of 1,478, equivalent to about 8 per cent. IMPORTS AND EXPORTS. Tho following table" G'IVC3 tho imports and exports sinco tbo beginning of tho year, os compared' with the corresponding period of 1868 : Wook Ending Importa. Jan. 2.. Jan. 0.. Jan. 10.. Jan. 23.. Jan. 80.. Feb. 0.. Fob. 13.. Fob. 20.. Feb. 27.. Mar. 0., Mar. 13., Mar. 20., Mar. 27. April 3., April 10. April 17. April 24. May 1. May 8. May 16. May 22. May 20. June 5. June 12. June 19. Juno 20. July 8. July 10. , July 17. I July 24. ¡July 31. , Aug.- 7. Aug. 14. Auf. 21. Aug. 28., Sept. 4., Sept» 11., Sept. l8.. Sopt. 25. Oct. 2. Oct. 0. Oct, 10. Oct. 23. Oct. 80. Nov. 0. Nov. l8., Nov. 20., Nov. 27.. Dec. 4.. Dec. 11.. Deo. l8., Dec. 25., 212,880 230,520 248,100 242,001 821,700 807,836 222,071 310,840 212,403 170,313 159,150 103,020 220,358 104,703 201,030 133,801 237,735 143,051 200,808 213,190 201,727 170,020 152,394 141,050 95,014 204,906 857,012 832,444 243,857 851,778 240,309 211,807 813,542 255,024 218,393 274,061 425,285 873,890 180,207 182,807 252,385 422,083 172,150 263,201 07,210 821,050 247,094 224,828 270,705 200,391. 218,290 231,470 853,055 840,604 410,768 817,132 800,607 253,442 227,926 246,611 200,595 170,507 100,097 159,550 172,201 180,667 217,651 127,309 200,815 178,047 142,800 241,113 807,498 295,450 201,415 187,770 283,820 178,120 400,721 205,810 303,050 237,030 882,275 271,210 182,643 190,200 404,405 315,291 199,990 203,912 876,287 271,111 227,805 279,034 236,760 183,560 230,670 198,999 153,407 220,340 271,301 100,717 189,905 183,677 414,009 493,609 218,774 860,773 £31,602 377,252 73,933 487.000 403,309 631,725 272,703 223,553 251,639 81,423 142,092 235,011 433,640 39,783 145,171 418,070 105,877 84,830 132,715 407,229 201,121 70,955 170,091 479,802 87,223 188,003 205,232 202,036 125,390 205,780 62,684 247,111 100,484 179,042 09,804 550,020 202,246 114.387 478,450 207,217 310,323 631,710 177.453 301,232 518,719 303,600 230,401 JC 207,790 000,266 247,180 413,410 73 569 304,017 323,643 842,372 160,141 815,139 231039 77,437 220.0« 170,330 105.005 118,155 618,637 75,699 241,440 83,112 474,126 135,151 07,893 122,764 536,037 139,591 42,871 .8S.300 599,232 133,183 28,722 ' 130,073 611,019 104,023 87,704 111,123 611,000 92,403 84,020 81,777 170,775 709.5S4 05,105 120,749 178,201 086,780 201,218 256.312 210,440 748,251 143,520 252,876 12,406,312 112,973,893 Il4.084.788 113,220,801 During the first period the account stood thus :- ' . Importa .£12,400,812 Exporta .. " .. .. 11,034,788 Balanco of exporta ovor Imports £1,077,070 During the second poriod : Imports .£12,073,803 Exports .13,220,801 Balanceo! exports ovor importa £253,463 Comparing tho above periods with each other, the results are as under : Imports in 1808 .£12,400,812 Imports in 1809 .12,973,393 Increase in 1809.£606,531 Exports In 1808 .£14,084 783 Exports in 1800 .13,220,801 Decrease in 1869 - £S57,927 STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on Docombor 23 : - Brandy, G.229 hhd., 31,314 cases; rum, 1.293À hhd., 229 cases ; geneva, 107 hhd., 64,800 cases red, 2,041 do. green ; whiskey, 1,101 hhd., 1,866 cases :. gin (sweetened), 36 hhd., 3,339 cases; cordials, 595 coses; spirits of wine, S6A hhd. ; other spirits, 4,385 cases ; wine, 5,173 hhd., 15,408 cases ; beer, 1,607$ hhd., 20,976 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufac- tured), 1,345 half- tierces, 434 quarter tierces, 7,494 three-quarter boxes and boxes. 8,613 cases ; do. (unmanufactured), 311 hhd. and casks, 497 cases, 1,803 bales ; cigars, 531J casos ; candles, 417 chests, 39,549 boxes ; kerosene, 72,285 cases ; flour, 7,328 bogs ; cocoa and chocolate, 9S coses ; tea, 25,327 chests, 52,799 half-chests, 40,573 boxes-, coffee, 3,272 bags, 14 tierces, 328 casks, 138 barrels ; chicory, 594 cases ; sugar Mauritius, 16,233 bags; Manilla, 27,85Sbags ; Java, 18,029 bags ; other, 246 tons, 517 cases and casks; wheat, 1,204 bags; opium, pre- pared, 25 packages ; oats, 922 bags ; hops, 1,225 pockets ; rice, 78,001 bags, 20 barrels : salt, 14,577 bags; vinegar, 1,004 cases, 316 casks. _ THIS DIVIDENDS OF 1809. Wo now preaont our annual summary ol tho divi- dends from the public conipanlos ol Victoria. Tilla complotes tbo third yoar during which dally records havo been kept of tho profit-distributions of tho dif- ferent companies carrying on buslnoss in tho colony. We aro thus onnbicd to institute a triennial com- parison indicating tiio growth or docreaso of not profits to shareholders In each class of company. In compiling tho following tables prlv.xto companloa-aro necessarily oxcluded, as thoro aro no moans of ascer- taining what dividends aro doajared. Narrow mlndodly, ninny mining olalmholders ioalouBly ooncoal tho jielcJa and dlvidonds thoy obtain. By some ibis is attributed to fear of Illegitimate, en- croachments if rich returns wero acknowledged openly. Tho offert, however, is to pormit tho yield of gold and tho dlvidonds to appear much under what thoy really amount to. Tho divi- dends which wo noto below aro all declared by tboto registered publlo companies of all olassos whoso fhnrca uro usually dealt in in tho opon market. We onco moro ropoat that tho flgnros wo give aro obtalnod chiefly by collating tho announcotnonts of dividends appearing in tho enllro presH of tho colony day by day throughout the year. If managers fall to notify to Iholr Bliareboldors tho declaration of dlvidonds such may, of courso, bo missed from our tables. Excopt, how ovor, from such a causo as thin, or through our boing compollcd in a very few instances to estí- malo tho total amount of a dividend, tho annoxod lljruroi nro for nil practical purposos reliably accurnto. Iho first tablo appended shows tho dividends, classi- fied in columns thus :-1. Joint stock companies other lliau mining. 2. Tho numbor of distinct declarations of dividend hy quartz minos, and tho amount thereof. S. Tho numbor of declarations by alluvial mines and amount. 1. Tho ngirrcgato mining divi- dends. 5. Tho total dividends for tho yoar from all public companies, including mining. lu tho bank dividends wo only inoludo for tho Bank of Now South Wales tbo "portion estimated as coming to Victorian bharoholdors. Each litio ropresonts tho poriod betwoon tbo departure of oaeh English mail: 81,125 92 766 5,868 2,052 56,700 I £321,8341257 Quartz Mines. 10,950 19,910 21,960 21,010 30.560 20,160 23 470 22,330 19 650 24,730 31,590 21,180 22,23p £295,730 1216 Alluvial Huies. I |Afrirregate | Mining I Dividends. I £ 25,440 23 860 30,520 20,650 36,880 39,760 40 990 27,630 24,980 21,020 24,930 25,550 10,140 TI)o total amount dorived from companies other than mining shows a consldorablo increaso, aa com- pared with the last two previous years. Tho contrast blands thus : 1807. 1808. 1809. Banka . Hallway (Hobson'» Bay) Gas companies .. Insurauco Oompanlos .. Miscellaneous .. £192,488 41,444 81,801 19,000 3,810 £102,800 37,123 32,098 27,019 0,310 £108,017 37,428 32,033 41.252 8,054 Total.|£288,0S0 (£200,821 |£32l,83l It will bo observed that the gross banking dlvldond Is increasing. Tho Colonial Bank did not pay a divi- dend on tho last occasion this yoar ; but tho omission is moro than compensated for by the increaso of thoso of tho National, tho Commercial, the Ballarat, and tho Land Mortgago Banks. lu gas and railway dlvldonds thoro 1« no appreciable difference Insurance companies' dlvldonds show a very decided Improvement. Tho Increaso is due to tho flret distribution of tho Australian Lifo Assurance Company, tho doubled dlvldond of the Victoria Lifo Company, a miall Incromont in that of tho Australian Alliance Company, and. the first dlvldond of tho now Aro insurauco company, tho National. In still moro minuto dotait tho dividends for 1859 of companies other than mining; stand thus : BASKS. National Bank.£32 500 Bank of Vlotoila . 50,000 Bank of Now South Walcfl( Victorian proportion). 17,500 Colonial Bank. Commercial Bank ., Molbourno Bank Ballarat Bank .. Land Mortgago Bank. £193,017 GAS CoMrANiBS. Molbournc.£15,834 Collingwood.7,020 Ballarat.4,242 Geelong; .. ., ..""* .. .. 8,441 Bendigo ...1,494 Castlemaine ,. 872 Williamstown, .. ,. ., .. 200 Daylesford, ,. ,, " ., 120 £33,08$ lMimtAr.CB COMÍ AMBS victoria Pi i ° Bnd Marino £12 000 Southern Inn.'rano9 10 «. Australasian Llv' , 10 000 \lctorla Lifo and general 8 000 Australian Allume« ? 255 National Fire . 'W £11253 The railway dlvldond is that of the Hobson a By Rail way Company and the miscollanooiu» dividends wer» paid bj the following undertakings -Jho Maritime and General Credit Company tho Benûs"0 Water works Company, tho Victoria leo Company tho No1 (on Coal Company tho Melbourne hxchango Cot» panp the Ilobson's Bay and tho Goolong Soa battling Companies Comparing the total dividends of tho last throa years it is unsatisfactory to find a considerable decline The figures stand thus - 1808 Total dividends 1111,440 11,090 271 I Tlio year just concluded falls short of 1803 by £120 307 The decline is altogether In mining;, and on closer analysis a point of consldorablo Importines is disclosed Tho falling off la profits is exclusively in alluvial mines, quartz showing a handsome la crcoeo Tho threo y ears div idends comparo thus - Alluvial Mines Total Minos. £220 010 224 310 295 730 £597 350 572 010 352 400 £523 300 700 950 CIS 130 Tho Bubstauco of this in that thoro is a decrease in mining dlvldonds in 18G9 as comparod with 185a of £148 820 Tho falling off in alluv lal minos Is £220 240, tho Increaso in quartz minos £71420 Although It is not encouraging to discover so largo a declino thoro is solaco in the fact that tho department of mining in which an Incroaso of 31 per coot, dil closes Itaolf Is by far tlio most permanent in its character Vt o have beon long a ware that tho alluvial workings must bo gradually exhausted, whilst tlio results from Viotorlan quartz roofs aie practically illi- mitable 1 ho number of declarations of dlvldonds In 1808 was 474, and in 1800, 473 The numorical Milne; off was again lu alluvial, and an increase of 25 in. quart« mines For alluvial olvidonds wo aro ohiofly indebted to Ballarat, Springdallah, Creswick, the Ovens Maryborough Quartr dlvldonds chiefly front Bendigo, Clunes, ¿gorton, Stringer a Crook, Wood» Point, and Alexandra MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT The Argus OfTlco Saturday Evening Our rev low of tho Import markets during tho past month shows no Improvement wliatcvor in trado, and notwithstanding tho festlvoBoason( the last month of the year exhibits as much dulnoss In business as any month which has prtceded it tluoughout the y ear. The arrival of tho mall ateamor with Koallah advicos calculated to impart a stimulus was liallod w 1th satis faction, but, unfortunately all tho good to bo con- ferred waa completely neutralised by tlioir coming to hand on the ovo of tho holidays while anything of an opposite character goneralty takes Immediate effect Tho markots havo in conscquonce benefited very little in the meantime Bulk beers havo boon lltllo noticed Bottled boors however, havo met with a fair inquiry. Cornsacks, after declining to 11s 9:1, ad\ uncoil agala to 12s 3d Candles havo beon firm In coffee we note sales of Java at a low figuro NoUhor fish nor fruits hav o bcon much noticed In brendstuff s w o observe a further decline Maize, Ukowiso, aliona rathor a serious fall Hops havo boon brlskor tinco the mall . arrival Malt has not boen marked by much anima- tion Metals preterit a qulot tone In oils, both koro seno and castor maintain tho Inipro\omonts oat* blishcd last month Qulcksilv or attracted speculative attention and tho price has boon advanced to 2s Od. Salt Is slow, but very steady Sugars aro Ion or, a con sldonblo amount of business has boon transacted. Teas begin onco moro to ovinco au lraprov Ing ten- dency , some largo eales havo beenoffected lu to baccocs transactions have bcon of little account lu wines sales havo bcon effected by auction at low prices -moro especially Capo wines Braudlos and spirits generally have not glvon any signs of activ Ity Ale and Stout -The market for bulk boor has prcsontod no chango during tho past month Stocka of Imported have become reduced to a minimum point but the season being now at a close no lu« convenience Is experienced on this account, moro O'prelally as tho supply on hand of tho only two brands inquired for, Joules and Marriaus appears ample for requirements, and sales to a modorato extent continuo to bo made at £S 5s and £S In- quiries wero mado a fortnight ago for very cheap nisi of good quality such as usually at thlspoiiod of tho year hav o been sold In conscquonco of an overloaded market at 20s to 40s per hhd or thoroabouts, sup piles this season have liowovor, boon better regu- lated, and fair roosonablo prices havo boon obtained throughout tho year Bulk stout lias been disposed of In moderato lots at £0 5s , but roally tlioro has boon so lltllo dono throughout tho season, tho trade, though It all went through ono hand Is Boarcoly worth culti- vai h g A vory good demand has oxistod for all bottled ales lonnants has bcon got rid of vory freely ut 10' for quarts, of lato, howovor a special inquiry has upruu), up for pints at 0< 9d , to meot which supplies havo provod inadoquato Dovonlsh's has been disposed of at Di Od to 9i 9d Bloods has bcon in fair request at 9s Od Allsopp s has boo» quilted nt prioeB ranging according to label at from li' to 0s Od Arrol s 1ms mot w Uli purchasers at 8J Od Altkons has been quitted at up to 8s Gd For Jeffrey s wo quoto Ss 3d to Si Od A. good business bas boon transacted in bottlod stout at w oil sustained prices Burkes has mot willi a ready Balo at 0s Od to 10j Aory con- siderable parcels of Blood s hav e been uiov od off at 03 G1 O Brien s dagger brand has bcon sold at 0s 3d Borthwlck's has commanded trado notice at 81 3d to 8s Od, ontlre shipments, liowovor, havo changod hands nt a concession on this rato Tor Byass's wa quoto 8s 3d toss Od , viryHttlo, though,has been dono in this brand Bagging -In tho courra of tbo first fortnight of the month cornsaoks prcsontod a vory languid and llstlosa nppcaranco, and values dropped to 11s fid Tho arilval of tho bovcnibor mall was lion ¿vor, the means of onco moro restoring couQdonce, and, uot w ithstoiidlng tho holiday s, of stimulating tho markot to such n degroo as to fiona up prices to 12 j 31, a price, liowovor, which can only as yet bo got for moduratoly s!¿cd trado parcols, 12s was accoptod Immodiatoly on the mail s arrival for a Uno of about 130 bales or there uhouts Woolpacks aro quoted at 8s ii to3s fid, but thoro is no regular domand experienced Occa- sional orders kcop dropping in, which ii not taken ndv antago of by importers, thoy will bo oompollod to hold tlicir BtoUs ovor till next year Gunnies aro w anted at 7s Od , but as thero is no supply In first hands, nothing in tho way of eales can bo reported Boots and Shoos -Thoro has boen moro aoth Ity lu this markot, and though tho buslnoss dono has almost entirely gono through the auollou mart vory Batts factory prices have hoon realise I On tho 8th ult nn extensivo public salo was hold hy order of Messrs Bultnor and tlallomtoin Sovonty flvo pacl ojos of S riatau s goods wero also quittod Tho alton lauco of tonn and country bu\ors was more numerous than fur como months provious, and a vory marked Int provent in tho bidding was notlcoablo Evory Uno offered by tho auctioneers was readily disposed of at very satisfactory prices, and the sale altogether wan cou* derod as the most eucccsstul held this season Tho following Is a quotation of prlcos -Mons ES. nootB ronllsod 8s 0d to 14s Od , mon n Wellington's, 0s Od to Us Od , boys'HIS 0s lid , woinon'a kid. F S M II 5s to 8s Od , women a cashmere K8, Mil, 4s Id to 5s , womens Gorman lasting, P W 7s Id , «.aids' Gormnu lasting 12 0i Od ; girls' kids. ES 4 0 to 111 2s 3d to 6s , Infants' coloured balls, Is Od to 2s 9d Tho following week BOmo 820 cases woro disposod of and as a (.ottl attondanco of tho trado wan secured, the prices roalised fully confirmed tho improvement noticeable on tho formor occasion An unreserved. salo nasholdon tho28rdult whon evory line offered was disposed of nt tho following prloos -Childs brought 2s 5d , patont olaatlo Is lid 4 0 kid elastic, Is 8d to Is lOd 7 0 do, Is lid , 10 11 do , 2s Di, maids lid elastic, 12 (lo, 4J Gd, women's 1 id elastic 4B Od to 8s 0J , womon n black cash mero, S II, 3s 3d , do military licola 4s to 4> fld , mon s calf Oholsca, almas, and elastic aldos from Gs Od to 0s Gd Thorn was a good attendance of the tindo prosont and biddings woro tolerably Irisk, owing to tho goods boing for unrosorved Bato On the Fame dav 207 cases of Stead and Simpson s maniifao turo ox \\\ av c of Lifo woro cleared off at prices which fulily maintained pro viona nal o ratos Candles-Tho position of tho markot remains as reported last month Tho trado resolutely refuse to fo low the speculation initiated tw o m mthn ago and, notwithstanding that from 25,000 to 27.000 boxos at lcnstnro in tho bands of speculators prices havo not mov ed in the slightest degroo Stooks in tho hands of Hie trade aro quito oxhausted, but, rathor than com mit thomsclves to a course of aetton which would har« tho effect of sending up prices thoy contont themselves I y supplying their moro Immediate wants at tha weekly auction nalos, and no aoonor does a purohase larger than usual ta Ko placo than it is at one» traceable to tbo oporatlon of tho speculators referred to, who havo thus bcon tho moans of sustaining th* market for at least two months Sinco ourlait re- port Bomo 8 000 boxos in all may have changed ¡ianda Under tho hammer prlcos rauglng, according to brand and condition, from 0Jd to lOd have boen obtalnod and privately lOgJ to 10Jd has boen the ruling figuro, tho ahipmonts advised last month lu leallty amount to 200 tons although lu consequeiioe of Stables' mistako as to tho Sumatras consign- ment, a much loss quantity appears to have beau despatched Cement-Tlio market has boen without animation. The cxtont of shipment* advised has certainly been, the moans of causing some depression, and tho busi- ness dono has bcon but limited, though wo Bttll retain former quotations of 10 for good to 10s Od for host brands of Portland Tbo markot is weaker than 't has bcon, a, clroumstanco which cannot bo t,ot over by tlio statomont that most of tho cornent coming for- ward is intended for the public works American, plastor appears to hav o sottled dow n to 12) Od. at which the sales lately reported appear to have boon, effected Cheml als of all descriptions havo boon ctiromoly dull and heavy Soda crystals boro stood at £7 7« Gd to £7 10s , but as buy era could not bo mot with even at theso low rates salea hain boen trifling Carl onato of coda bas Blood at tito nominal quotation of £14 to £15, but nn buslnoss bos boon dono Caustic roda has Tulod at £10 to £10 Ws Slocks held are largo, but hav Ing been mostly purchased on specu huon nearly 12 months ago, tbo loss at present rate» is too heavy to faco lioness any attempt at ronewed ?peculation is In eomcquocco discouraged rathor than otherwise, and builnoss. when limited to supply lue; mero trado wants is of Hio most trilling description Ï lowers of sulphur an article not much In demand Is quoted at £22 lartsrlc acid In jars, is quote! at li (k1 to Is 7td , according topackago Croira of tartar brings 12d to lid Projiared opium is quitted »t £5s Chicorvlslnvery slow salo Best imported brandi realise 2]d In bond, but tho Inquiry Is vory modérât« Indeed Colonial grown finds it« way Into the hand» if tho trade at 5d toijd Coffee -An ordinary amount of trade Inquiry lia» been experienced for local purposes during tho month The demand for export bas also boen on a very modo* rate scale The stocks held aro almost ontlroly la th* handset tho trade, who have also becotno tho sole Im- porters Quotations for trado purposes consequently »hoir no Mtvtatlou or» last mouth's Theso, however. eau hard!» \JO taken 09 a criterion of what may bo I obtained for outside parcels placed on the market, and it treed not, therefore, bo matter of surpriso te Snd thit parcels disposed of by auction are generally cleared «ti at much lower rates than tho ptl'oss asked pri T»tely. A shipment of 1309 bare of Java, ex Eliza Corry, \\\a% cleared off about % fortnight ago, at t¡d. to fijd. ; the sample was of good quality, but no higher could bo obtainod. Tto David and Jossto ar- rived from Colombo, with r. cargo of Fh\ntatioa,on tho 13th ult. By the mail just arrived wo leam that tho Belle -was load.ing at the Bomo port tor Holbourne. Our quotations for traie parcoU ara maintained at Did. to fijd. for b-úBt plantation, Java la quoted ac- cording to quilty »t Old. to 714. Nativo Ceylon rulos at 6d. to CJ-4. Confectionery_NotwithatanÄlng tho season, busi- ness ir. this marltot has not boen characterised by 'any degree of animation. Keillor's assorted confections havo ruled afOJd. ; of 'ate, however, a farthing mora lias bcon obtained. Wotlrerepoon'a aro saleable at 3d. To 9Jd. Candled peel is disposed of at lljd. Jujubes ïiavc maintained a (toady quotation of 13Jd. to 14d. . Cordage.-Tho demand ha9 fluefcaatod considerably -during the month, a week of great dulness being gene- rally sucaocdod by ono of moro activity. On tho 'wholo, howovor, a Blight improTomont may bo noted. It is "feared that ero long the catromo .prices required lor hemp will forco tho manufacturers to raiso tholr .prices ; mcantlmo, sales aro modo at 8Jd. for cordago under lin. size. For assortments of lin. to 4JÍU. .sizeB £03 ÍB required. 'Flat rope is quoted at £78. A 'demand for lashing wa» mot by considerable sales at «SOO. Wo hear ol nothing being dono in imported. Seaming twines aro moved off at 13d. to 18Jd. Shop -twine and cord havo been sold at OJd. to 10d. Fish.-Business has not boen brisk. Ling has been in slow sala at Old. Red herrings, in tins, have boon -quitted at 25s. lib. frosh herrines have been steadily disposed of at fls. Od. Halves sardines havo becoino very scarce, and in consequence prices have boen run up to 10s" and oven 10s. 3d. is demanded for halves alone, though willi a proportion of quarters 10s. would bo accepted Quarters havo advanced from fis. Od. to '6s. Scotch'lib. salmon is in fair request at up to 14s. -6d. American salmon is qnittod at 13s Od. to 11s. lib. oysters, which havo been dull for somo time, havo declined. Wo quoto 7s. 3d. A salo, howovor, of some -200 cosos carno under our notice at 7s. For lib. lob- sters boldeTB ask 7s. Od. to 8s, Frails.-Contiary to all anticipations, not tho .llghtOBt movement has transpired in the market. A 'favourable mail might have led to transactions, but tho demand for tho holidays being over, nothing of a special naturo has como before us. Prices of all de- scriptions have had a downward rather than an up .ward tendency. Currants havo beon maintained at from -lid. to4jd., according to quality'; no sales ovor 4Jd. could, howover, bo mado almost at any timo. ?lUislns, during tbo last two or three weeks, have met Trlth a brisker inquiry. Capo havo boon disposed of at 410\. Elomo and Valónela havo stood at a uko quota- tion. Faulty parcels have boen sold by auction at Sid. to 3}d. Sultana havo boen placed at -ljd. to CJd. Muecatol aro tcarco, and Balcablo at Od. to lOd. Capo apricots havo been quitted at 6Jd., and poars at Sid. to 7J<1\. Figs aro quoted as high as Od. Jordan almonds have realised 1B. 2Jd,, and Inferior woro cloarod off at 101 d. to Hid. Soft sholl almonds sold at 6Jd. Driod apples have boen placod at OJd. Flour and Grain.-The raarkot for breadstuff* has onco moro gono through a month of groat dulness, and although fears wero expressed early in tbo season . that beforo tho yoar was out supplies would run short, moro than ample for all requirements has como forward, and to get rid of stock at all in anything like auitablo parcels tho auction rooms have had to ?e freely rcsortod to, and a declino of at least lfis. to 20s. on flour has had to bo submitted to. On ono «cession 150 tons of South Australian and Victorian »rands were oloarod oil at £10 16s. to £11 10s. Within tho last day or two a Blight degree of Ormnoss bas been evinced, and tho month closes with quotations at £11 10s. to £12 for trade paresis, a concession being allowed on larger quanti- ties. Wheat in like manner dccllnod to 5a 3d. to 6s. dd, at which best Adolaide has mainly ruled for tho lost throo weeks. Victorian has been far Bomo time cleared out, and tho market has been almost cntiroly dependent on Adolaide for supplies. During tho last fortnight we havo had some very hot days, which may not havo provod favourablo to the growing crops ; tho most has cortalnly boon nada of this circumstance. Wo do not, howovcr, anticipate much injury to havo beon dono. From Adelaide, however, we learn by late telegrams that a general feeling prevails tbat tho average yield of the crops will bo loss than was anticipated-many com- petent judges being of opinion that it will not averago moro than flvo bushels to tho aero. Wa givo this for What it is worth,our provlous oxporlonceot euch reports being that littlo dopondonco ought to bo placod upon tbem. From a private communication to a Qrm in town, dated Fan Francisco, 10th October, posted at New York on ZCtli of samo month, and rocoivod by tho mail just to hand, wo extract the following, which 1B of much Interest as referring to tho rccommoncomont of flour eblpmonts from that quartor to tho eolonloa : " Through somo unknown source, but probably by telegraph from England, some orders for shipment of flour to Australia roached boro to-day, and two vessols havo just boon taken up to carry it-the Sarah Marsh, 624 tona, and tho Nymph, 203 tons ; the formor obtainod £2 6s., and tbo latter £2 12s. Gd. We havo not boon able to ascertain anything definite so far as to the oxtont of thesa orders. Flour is 20o. por barrel lower than our last quotation." The above was confirmed by the announcement on tho SOI h December from Sydney of tho arrival thora of tbo Horatio Sprsgue, from California 0th November ; abo brings 25,800 quartor sacks Hour, 800 sacks wheat. She1 reports the Nymph for Syd noy, cloarod tho samo day, with 18,010 quarter-sacks flour. The latest quo- tations are-Whoat 1-lOdol. to l'57dol.; flour, 4dol to fi-25dol ; barloy, 00c. to Idol. Frivato advlcos from California report tho Crown and Anna loading brovJ Btufls for Sydney, and the Mary and Edith for Auck- land. The Marmion and Adolo had boon cbartorod to bring lumber. Two cargóos of flour aro oxpoctod daily from Valparaiso. Feeding grains have boon subjectod to a furthor heavy declino, inoro especially maize, which fell in tho courso of tho month from 43. to 8B. 3d , and vory oxtonsivo losses hive boen BUfforod in consequence An improvement is porcoptlblo of late, how ovor ; prices aro firmer, and moro dosiro to operate is ovlncod-quotations rango at from 3s. <ld. to 8s. fid. Oats havo steadily maintained their val no at 3s. 8d. to 3s. 10d., and prices aro now hwdonlng. Bran has declined to Is. 3d. Pearl barloy is saloabio at £28 to £20. Scotch oatmeal is in freo salo at £22. Gunpowder.-Blasting powder has bcou quite neg- lected, and no buslnoBB of tho slightest importance lias boon brought under our notico. Quotations stand unaltorod at OJd. for Hall's. Kamo a can bo . purchased at CJd. to Od. Othor brands aro offorlng at fijd. to fijd. Hopfl nava throughout tho season boon suffering from the effects of a glutted markot, but though low and modlmn qualities havo been in euch oxtonsivo supply roally good qualitioB havo boon very far from abundant. Tho consequence has bcon that whilo the former woro soiling at any prlco from Od. to Is., as much as Is. id. to Is (id. could bo obtained fora Uno intuplo of 1808's. The arrival of tho mall, ad- vising tha shortcoming in tho crops at home, and the subséquent advance lu prlco, has, therefore not In- fluenced tlio lower qualities to any great extent, but ?upoiior descriptions have boon much wautod. Sales * of fine 1809's havo been mado at Is. OJd., and prices up to 2s. aro unhesitatingly asked. For primo samples of ISOS's Is Od. 1B required. With it all, howovor, no do not hoar of much buslnoss bolng transacted. Malt.-Thoro IB really not much to report In tbo way of sales. Primo qualities aro still in demand, and such would meet a ready market at up to 0J. Od. ; as it is, ordinary sortB are disposed of at 0s. 3d. to 0?. aid. Moláis.-A very quiet tono gonerally has pervaded this market, and though prices on tho whola havo been pretty well sustainou, nothing of very much importance has been íoportcd. Fig iron is a trifle firmer ; sales on tho arrival of tho mail steamer wero made at £412s. Od. or thoreabouts. Galvanised iron lias been soiling somewhat frooly, though at low prices. Scotch 20 gaugo commands £22 and £23. A faulty Ílarool of Smitii and M'Lean's brand, sold under tho tatnmcr, realised £22 lfis. for Tit. 21 gaugo ; £10 2s. Od. for 8ft., and £21 IDs. was obtained for 7ft. and Eft, 20 gauge. English ordinary brands oro not activo; wo quoto £25. A shipment of bOBt iron, but an out sido brand, realised £20; wo quote up to £2010s. An in voico of Tuppor's iron waB cloarod off at £25 for 20 gaugo. Bar and rod iron is lu moderato request at £0 to £10 10a, according to make. Hoop iron is in a nilBorablo «tato, and eales can only bo forcod aUcry low rateî, Wo quoto £10 to £11. Considerable parcels woro dis- posed of by auction, all faults, in tho beginning of tbo month. Ex Molpomone-193 bundles Ohlllington Iron Company's hoop iron, »in. x 17, brought £0 per ton ; 202 do do., Jin. x 17, £010*. por ton ; 122 do. do., lin. x l8, £0 fis. por ton ; 118 do do., £7 2«. Od. por ton. Ex Duke of Edinburgh-107 bundles, Jin. x 17, realised £7 2s. Od. por ton ; 28s do., Jin, x 17, £7 7s. Od. per ton ; 280 do., lin. x l8, £8 17s. Od. por ton ; 117 do., lilli, x l8, £0 per ton ; 120 do., ljln. x l8, £8 lfis. per ton. Sheet iron has not boon very llvoly ; aseoitmonts of Noa. 8 to l8 havo rcallsod £1110a.; Nos. 20 to 20 aro quotod at £18. Plate Iron is dull at £12. The demand for fonolng wiro has fallen off con- siderably ; quotations of £10, £17, £18, and £10 aro Btili maintained for NOB. 0, 7, 8, and 0 ; theso ratos, howovor, can only be realised for Byland's, for other brands a trillo loss Mould bo accoptod. Shoot load, Victorian rolled, is dlanosod of at £2310s. Shot bolng moio In soason, begins io bo inquired for ; we quote £28. Tin plates aro almost unsaloablo, and our quotation of 12} to IS per cont. advanco on in volco ia almost a nominal ono, Muntz metal is valued at 8d" but thoro is no inquiry. Sales of Ewbank'fl nails havo boon recorded at 20 per coot, off list. Amorlcan nails ha\o doclinod to lßj., but moot with no demand oven at that low figure. Supplies of American bardwaro have not bcon too plentiful. Colllns's and Sbarpo'a heavy axes command 74s., but wo do not hoar of many offering. Amos' «hovels havo boon quitted at 03s, Day's D-II. shovels, 31 to SO, have mat with buy ora at a reduction. Saloa havo been recorded at EOS. ; other makers', same size, have boon quitted at 48s. Salos of holloware havo boen mado at the lew quotation of 30 percent, off Hat. Oils.-Since the advanco roportcd lost month in Tiorosono oil, thoro has beon loss inclination to operato in tbo market. Aftor tho departure of the lost mail steamor, speculators continued to purchase with tho intontlon of gotting hold of all tbo pareóla hold by outsidors ; accordingly, about 0,000 cases, consisting of photollto, Oriental, Cozzens', andDoroo's.cbangou bands at 2s. Id. to 2s. 1 jd. Inquiries for Downer's woro also oxporlonccd, but as holders of this brand steadily refused to entertain any offer undor 2s. 3d. it woe not until this week that tho prlco named, which was roalisod for 1,000 casos, could be obtainod. Since tlio mall arrived thoro has boon no oxcltomont, notwithstanding tho very favourablo naturo of advices. Our dates from Now York roach to 23rd October. Tho Bhipmonts mado for tho month do not In the ag- gregate exceed 4,100 cases from Boston and Now York to Melbourne, 2,000 cases for Sydney, and 450 coses for Fort Chalmers. Tlio prlco has advanced le. to 1 Jo. per gallon, and with tho fall in the prlco of gold it will cost, laid down hero, 2s. 4d. per gallon. Castor oil has advanced to 4s. Od., at which figure it now stands, but inquiries aro vory trifling. Amongst duty paid oils linseed is slow of sale, at 4s. Id. in drums, and 8s. 8d. in cask. There is little doing in colza, liolderB are firm at Ss. in drums, and 4s. Sd. in bulk ; tho stock is not largo. For Chineso tho low price of 3s. Cid. to 3J. Od. has boon taken. Polar Is steady at SM. Oiimon's Stores.-There has boen a good trado In- quiry for stores. Pickles are not offering very freoiy ; there is a. brisk; inquiry at up to 8s. 3d. for com- mon brands, 10s. Od. for modium sorts, and Ile. Gd. for O. and B Bottled fruits aro quitted at 11s., and Ila. Od. has boen got for black currants. Sales of lib. jim« have been mado at from 6s. 6d. to 8s. Od. English jams have boen quittod at 7s. lOJd. Salad elis, in quarts, bave realised 20s. Cd. to 2is. Od.; pints have brought IDs. Od. to 12s. Od., and half-pints Gi. $.i. to 7s. Hi, Outside brands of castor olJ have been quitted at, 'ss. Gd, torpïnta, and it. Od. for hall-pints, whilo krrovvs brands havo realised 8s. Ud. to Sa., and 5B. to C j. gd. respectively. Sauces hav« bcon got rid of at'tis. Cd. to 8s. Od., whlto capors have beondlsposcd ol»'t6s. fld 'Oolman's mustard is moved off steadily *f 8Jd. por üs.1 lib. and half-pound tins bring 10s. 6d. and Gs. Cd. Keen's mustard commands 8d per lb., and tina aro disposed of at 105. to 10s. 3d., and 6s. 3d. for pounds and half- poundB. For whit« starch wo quote b^d., and for bltio starch 5d. Tbumb blue bringo lOJd. Jar and glass jar salt brought 4s. 4>d. Seldlltz powders woro cleared off at 5s. French conserves woro sold by auction at 10s. to 30s. Vinegar, in quarts, has been disposed of at 8s. 3d. Taylor's cocoa was placed at Is. Sid, and Taylor's chocolate at 1B. ljd. Bago is In a very sluggish stato ; wo quoto 2Jd. Macaroni and vormlcolll aro quitted at Od. Whlto popper Is firm at 7d., with an advnnelnr tendency. Black popper is quoted at 5d. to 6Jd. Provisions.-Tho demand for butter is Bomevvbat slower, and prices havodoellned to 7Jd. to8d. Coloniil cheeso meets with a fair inquiry at 8d. to lOd. Eng llsb-mado Ia disposed Of at Is. 4d. ; this is a long figuro, but should shipment« como forward moro freely tho price is not likely to stand ; by lato advices shipments show an incrooso again. Colonial bacon and hams arc in improved demand at Od. to lOd. for tho former and Is. to Is. 2d. for tbo latter. QuickBilvor.-Attontlon waa dlroctod towards this ' arttclo early in tho month, in consequonce of tho groat reduction in stocks, and tho market was imme- diately cleared by a Bpoculator of everything that could bo got held of, at prices rising to 2s. OJd ; about 250 bottles changed hands, and the holder has ad- vanced his price to 2s. Od. Wo havo not heard of any sales. Elco.-Wo note an exceedingly qulot markot. Patna moro especially is neglected. Quotations aro main- tained at' £21 10s., but wo havo hoard of no trans- actions of lato. At the last moment wo hear of 750 tons having changed hands on private terms. Thero hOB been moro business dona in Java. In tho begin- ning of tho month the salo of the Jeannto Oswald's shipniont of 0,020 bags was effected privately, on forms withhold. This parcel had previously, on the samo day, boon offorcd by nuotion, but tbo biddings not proving satisfactory, tho wholo had to bo with- drawn. Molbourno mlll-drossod has boon sold vory extensively at £2010s. to £21. Tho diarios Tottle's shipment of 17,300 bags Java was offered by auction Balo, but could not bo sold. Tho Charlie Palmor'» con- signment of 870 bags was cleared off under the hammer at £15 to £15 10s. Bait.-There has boon little doing in this product up till the mail's arrival, holdors realised £4 5s. for trado pnrcols, and for a small shipmont of fina salt at auotlon £4 was accepted. Sinco tho receipt of advices reporting shipments for the month as having declined to 330 tons, holders have boon endeavouring to obtain £410s. for small parcels, tbougb nothing Uko that can bo gol for entire Bhipmonts. Sugar.-A considerable amount of business has bcon dono in this markot ; of lato, however, a Blight do cllno in price has had to bo submitted to, though the markot oponed out with groat firmness after the de- parture of tho lait mall steamor. Supplies havo como forward very frcoly. On the 0th ult. tho cargo of tbo Eva Joshua, from Mauritius, consisting of 6,120 bags, was offorcd by auction, but not moro than 2,000 bags woro got rid of. Battons brought 81B. 8d. to 31s. 9d.; 32s. 3d. was obtained for fino browns, 35s. to 35s. öd. for low to Ano yellows, and 38s. for middling whlto-prices which about sustained last Bolo rates. Tho attondance of tho trado was not so largo. On tho 9th ult. somo 2,000 bags-the damaged portion of tho Shepherd's cargo-wero cleared off at satisfactory prices, condition considered, A largo amount of business passed through hands in tho week following. Tho prices realised showed a slight declino, but considering tho quantity prossod on tho market vahíos woro wonderfully well supported. On tho 13th tho cargo of tho Nimrod, from Mau- ritius, consisting of 9,600 bags sugar, passed tho hammer. 700 bags woro withdrawn to be ro-Bortod, but tho balance, amounting to 8,800, was disposed of at 20s. 3d. to 20s. 9d. for low, to 31s. for good rations, 31s. 9d. for fino browns, 32s. Od. to 3Bs. for low to fine yollow, 87s, Öd. for middling white-pricos which establish an average declino of 15s. to 20s. At tbo saloon tho 15th holdors woro subjected to a furthor slight declino ; somo 4,890 bags Mauritius descriptions, forming tho balances of the Nimrod and Eva Joshua's Bhipmonts, woro offered, and the whole found buyers at 28s Od. to 29s. Od. for low to medium rations, 81s. to 32s. 3d. for good to fino browns, 82s. 3d. to 32s. Gd. for low yollowB, 35s. Gd. to 80s. for finest yellows, and 33s. to 38«. Od. for finest whlto. Tho salo of tho Charlie Palmer's shipment of Java sugar drow together a larger attendance, and tho ontlro cargo, which con- sisted of 9,580 bags whlto crystals, of a vory superior description, was quitted at 3Ss. 3d. to 88s. Oil. On tho 23rd, the damaged portion of tbo Oharllo Palmer's cargo was disposed of publicly, and 800 bags wero got rid of at fair prices. On tho 24th, the cargo of the Edmond Grcssior, and amounting to 5,023 bogs, was submitted to public competition, and the ontlro cargo mot with a ready sale at 80s. Od. to 31«. for good to fino brownB, 31s. Od. for low yellows, 35s. Od. to 30s. for low whlto, and 38s. 3d for fino whlto. Theso pricos show n slight declino, notwithstanding that tho attendance of tbo trado was good, and the biddings fairly spirited. On the 31st tho li. II. Jones's cargo, amounting to 7,218 bags, was offered by auction ; 3,570 bags woro disposed of at 27s. to 28s. Od. for rations, 30s. Gd. to 31s. Od. for browns ; 33s. Od. to 34s. 6:1. for medium to good yellows ; 85B. to 3Gs. for fine to finest yellow, and 37s. to 38s. Gd, for middling whlto. The Ozanam, from Bourbon, and the Albertina, from Mauritius, aro amongst the arrivals of tho month, but the formor was ordered on to Sydnoy, and the latter to Now Zealand. Toa.-Messrs. Jamos Curio Bobortson and Co., In their usual monthly circular, report as follows : " Tho mail steamer arrived on tho 23rd ult., with dotos from Foo-Chow to 0th November, and Hong Kong 10th Novomber. Sinco our last monthly sum- mary of Dccombor 0,1869, tho market has boon woll supported, tho principal saloB being conduotod undor tho hammer, and but for tho intervening Christmas holidays considerably moro bUBinoss would havo boon effected. All descriptions of congou bolow common aro dull of salo. Medium kinds aro at about pre- vious quotations, and fine to finost kaisows aro rathor botter. Sales have been made of broken foo chow at Od. to 9Jd. ; ordinary to good ordinary, lOJd. to lid.; mixed .loaf kinds. Is. to Is. OJd.; do., with little flavour, Is. Id. to Is. 2Jd.; black- ish leaf kinds, Is. 3d. to Is. 4jd.; blackish leaf, strong, with flavour, Is. Ed. to Is. 7Jd. Abovo theso pricos vory llttlo business lias been transacted, although a fair trado demand oxlits. In all descriptions of groen teas very llttlo has been done, and at nominal pricos. Auction Sales.-On tho 10th Documber tho fancy teas ox Marquis of Argyle, Blalrmoro, and sundry vcssols, amounting to 0,207 packages of sconted ornngo pckocB, capors, and gunpowders, About 0,000 packages wero sold, at only middling prices. On tlio same day 1,125 packagos congou ex Medina wero offered and all sold. On tho 14th Decembor tho cargo ox Mobil, consisting of 2,023 cbosts, 4,305 half-chests, 450 boxes scouted orango pokoo, and 150 boxes scented capor, was offered, and tho nuctioneor succeeded in disposing of tho entire cargo. Decomber 17 tho damaged portion of tho cargo ex Hanovor, amounting to 1,772 packagos, was Bold and brought very good prices. On Decomber 23, tho damaged teas ex Mobil woro qulttod at fair prices. On tho 13th ultimo the vvroeked cargo of tea ox Marlo Gabrioilo, as It lay noar Moon- light Head, was cold for tho benefit of the under- writers, and only rcallsod £75. The cargo of toas ox Hanover is advortised for salo by auction on Thursday, January 0. Arrivals at Molbourno.-Docomber 8 Woodbine from Foo-chow, with 107,0001b" passago 78 days. December 0-ConBtanco, from Foo chow, with 351,4001b. for Molbourno, and 87,00011). for Sydney, pas- sage 05 days. Decembor 10-Jothua Bates, from Hong Kong, with 128,0001b., passago GO dava, Arrivals nt Sydney.-Dccombor 13- Islo of Franco, from Hong Kong, with 110,0001b., passage 07 days. Dccombor 13, Motoor, from Foo-chow. Tho dollvories for tho past month havo boon 761,2631b., against 120,4081b. at eamo time last year. Tho stock In bond on December 25, 1809, was 4,S02,394lb,, agaiust 5,022,0121b. at samo timo last year. Our quo- tations are :-Congou- Dust and sittings, Old. to 8d. ; broken Foo-chow, 8Jd. to Did. ; ordinary to good ordinary, lOd. to lid. ; mixed leaf kinds, Is. to Is. Old. ; do., with llttlo flavour, Is. Id. to Is. 2d. ; blackish leaf kinds, Is. 3d. to Is. 4d. ; do., strong, Is. 5d. to Is. Gd. ; do., strong, with flavour, l8. 7d. to Is. Sd. ; do., kalsow kinds, rather strong, la. 8Jd. to Is. lOd. ; do., pekoo-sou chong and pokoo flavour, Is. lOJd. to 2s. ; do., fino rich pekoo-souchong flavour, 2s. Id. to 2s. 3d. ; do., very uno do., 2s. 4d. to 2s. Gd.; souchong, middling to Uno, Is. 2d. to l8, «id. ; extra (Ino, Is. 8d. to Is. 10d.; orango'pekoo, sconted ordinary and brokon, Is, 6d. to Is. 7d. ; do., good to fino, Is. Sd. to Is. Od. ; do., finest country kinds, 2s. to 2s, Id. ; long leaf, Canton leaf, 2s. to 2s. 2d. ; capor, scented, common to middling, nono ; do., middling to Uno, Is. lid. to 2s. Id.; do., finest, nono; hyson skin, Canton, nominal, 4d. to Sd. ; true common to fino, nono ; hyson, common, none ; good to fine, none ; finest, nono ; young hyson, Canton, and Twankay klndB, nominal, Is. lju. ; goad yellowish loaf to fine hyson flavour, .nono ; gunpowder, Canton, good to lino, nominal, lav Sd. to 2s. ; country kinds, nono ; Imperial Canton, good to Uno, nominal, Is. Gd. to Is. lOd.; country kinds, nono. Above quotations aro at per lb. in bond for chests (boxos boing worth 2d. per lb. moro). Duty on tea lu Viotorla, Sd. por lb." Timber.-Tho principal transactions in this markot wore carried through early in the month ; for the last thrco vveekB at least'sales have beon unimportant. On Tuesday, tho 7th ult, tho sales comprised 2,108.053ft. red and whlto Scotch flooring and wcathorboardB, at 4s. Gd. to lis. por 100ft. running ; 28,684 4Jft. laths brought 16s. Gd. per 1,000 ; 27,720 Git. laths, 18s. do. ; 48,037ft. whlto pino shelving, £8 7B. Od. por 1,000ft. ; 100,450ft. whlto pino T. and Q. lumber, £7 do. ; 78,300ft. whlto pino doals, £4 10s. to £4 12s. Gd. do. ; 16,537ft. clear ptno, £18 7s. Gd to £14 do. ; 70.000 4ft. laths, 82s. Od. to 33s. 3d. por 1000 ; also, 9,000 Oft. palings quitted at 13s. por 100 ; 12,000 6ft palings realised 10s. Gd. do. On tho 10th tho eales embraced 419,000ft. T. and G. Scotch flooring, lining, and vveathorboards, ex Oriental. The first named was quitted at 5s. Od. to 10s. Cd., according to slzo. Tho lining bold at 8s. lid. to 59., and tho wea- therboards at 4s. 8d. lo OB. Od. For tho shipment ox Ottawa, amounting to 84,0C0ft, about similar ratos woro paid. Tbo spruce deals ox Stockbridge and Ha- warden Castle woro qulttod at tho vory low price of 2gd. for 0x3. Fifty-two rod and whlto Karaka pino logs, ox Prosperity, woro sold at 8s. 3d. per 100ft Tho business reported during tho following weok was of a trifling nature Tho shipmont of hardwood por Prairie about 68,000ft, was cleared off at 5s. Od. to- 9s. 3d. Tho Empress's shipmont of rod doals, about 3,400 piceos, 9x3 and 11 x 3, alBO mot with purchasers at 8Jd. to 4jd. On Tuesday, tho 21st ult, 181,322ft white T. and G. Sootch floor- ing found purchasers undor tho hammor at full rates. On tho eamo day, .at tho Australian Wharf, 2,000 doors, D.M., S.U., and B.P., wero dlsposod of at from Sa. to 22s. 3d. each ; 4}ft pickets woro sold at £7 17e. Cd. ; 4Jft laths, at from 33a. to 81s. Od. ; 4ft do., at 32s. Od. por 1,000; also, IO logs cedar, at from 20s. 3d. to 24s. Od., and 88 do. pino, at 0s. 3d. to 9s. Gd. per 100ft Tobacco.-Altor last steamer's departure a bettor feeling was experienced, and as dark work bocamo Bcarcor, greater firmneis was evinced by holders. Tho local demand, however, has been vory slack, nor has anything worth spoaklng of boon dono In oxport business. Tho auction Bains have Ukowiso beon of very llttlo account Indeed. Sovoral attempts woro mado in the course of the month to got rid of stock by auction, but without success. Tho advices to hand by the mail havo been of a vory favourable tenor; but arriving,as they havo dono, just as the holidays wero commencing, any beneficial effect that might have boon oxpoctod to accrue has bcon noutrallsod entirely for tho time. Thrco vessels havo lately arrived from America with con- siderable parcels, besides a shipment of Cameron's make, by tho Antiopo; and na these all oonslst of descriptions imitable for trade purposes, doubtless an impetus will bo imparted to tbo market, and the year Will open out with a moro encouraging prospect. Our advices from New York, which reaoh up to 23rd October, report the month's shipments to Melbourne at the moderato figure ol 240 packages, tho shipments to Sydnoy being 71 packages, and to Now Zealand 39 packages. On the 7th ult. some 79 packages wore disposed of by auction-45 halt-tierces twist (Queen of tho South) realised from lSJd. to 14d. ; fancy aromatic was quitted at 8d. to lOJd., or.d common tons wero Bold at 71d. On tbo 8th 177 packages Barrett's manufacture wero offered, but only a vory Email quantity indeed<10 packages) could bo got rid of. A small parcel of Barrett's twist-20 packages-was disposed of by auction in tau ty condition about 10 days ago at la. 3d. to Is. 3id., and these eales con- stitute the bulk of the month's transactions. Our trade quotations remain unaltered. Common dark halves and tens rulo at Od. to 8d. ; medium, at Od. to lid. ; common, lOd. to 17d. ; but none in first hand ; common twist, 3d. to Od.;modium, lOd. to Is.; good, 13d. to lid.; Baven and St. Andrew's, Is. Od.;Barrett's Is. 5d. to Is. Od. ; aromática, half pounds, 8d. to Is ; fancy, Is, 3d. to Is. Od. and Is. Od.; Ormond Swiss cigars, 35s.; Manilla, Havannah, and cheroots, 75s.; genuine Havannah. £10 to £18. WincB and Spirits.- Thoro has beon comparatively littlo doing in wines this month. On tho 14th ult., equal to 150 quarters shorrics and ports wore got rid of by auction ; for the first-named prices ranged from £28 to £44 103., and for tho latter from £80 10s. to £50. A day or two afterwards 100 quarter casks portB and sherries wera quittod at prices ranging, according to quality, from £1010a. to £0710s. About 16Q hhds. and quartora red and white Capo wines woro also soldat £10 6s. to £14. Champagne and spark line winos, at same time, realised from 20s to 41a. In brandies wo aro unablo to roport tho slightest improvement. 'Hennessy's palo in bulk has ruled at 7s. Gd., and Martoll's boa bcon offering at 7s. 4Jd. Sales of Martcll's dark havo boon reported at 7s. 3,1. ; C.V.P. brandy has boon maintained at 7s., and Vine growers' has stood at 6s. Od. ; Otard's has not boen offering, but values aro well sustained at Os. Od. Trans- actions in Associated Vineyards aro mentioned at Gi. 3d. Marrett and Olozeau's aro steady at 0s. B Frere's is saleable at 5s. 9d. to fis. lOJd. Contrai Vineyard is quitted atfis. 4Jd. to 5s. Gd.; sales woro made by auction at 6s. 3d. Case brandies havo been quite overlooked, and really very little has boon done in tbem throughout tho month. Hennossy's has beon in very Blow Bale at 26s. 4Jd. to 20s. Gd. Martcll's Is wanted at 24B. Od. Otard's ia quoted at 24s.; but thero is little offering. For Itonault'a wo quoto 21s. Gd., and Associated Vinoyards is dis- posed of at 17B. Gd. to 20s. Duty-piid Brandy.-Elephant is quitted at 40s. Genova la Blow of sale ; the arrival a short time ago of 20-bottle cases, which are scarce and wanted, stimulated tbe market, and mora animation waa evinced. JDKZ, short strength, Is offering at 12s. Gd. ; same brand, full content«, can bo purchased at 14s. to 14s. 3d, and sales havo been mado at that figure. Twenty-bottle V.H. and Co. has been sold at 16s. Gd. to 10s. ; and samo alzo JDKZ has roalleed 10s. Od. to 17s. For doublo anchor geneva wo quoto 61s. Od., duty paid. Whiskoy lu maintained at 4s. 3d. to 4s. lOJd., accord- ing to quality. Sir W. Burnott's old tom is moved off at 13B. to 18s. Gd. ; for large parco's, a leis figure has been accepted. Bum, 10 percont. o.p.,!s aaloabloat 4s. 1 jd. to 4B. 3d. ; 80 per cent. o.p. can bo got at 49. 3d. to 4s. Gd., according to brand. MONTHLY WOOL REPORTS. Messrs. R. GoLDsnnouaii and Co. roport :-" Wool. -During the month 17 auction sales havo boon bold, tho quantity catalogued being 24,610 bales, of which about 13,000 halos have boon sold. Prices continued firm at the rates quoted in our last summary until tho arrival of tho English mall on tho 22nd ult, whon tho advices received bad the offect of causing an easier tono in tho market. It Booms rather an anomaly that tho news of an advanco of Jd. por pound ia the Lon- don November sales should cause a corresponding declino hero ; yot such 1B tho fact, and it ia oosily accountod for, tho buyors having boon oporatlng ia tho expectation that considerably bighor rates would bo established in England. It appears to havo boeu generally anticipated that tho No- vember eolios of Bales would rule at from Id. to 2d. nor lb, ovor September rates, conse- quently the lato telegrams indicating such a com- paratively insignificant advanco havo caused consider- able disappointment. A better clasB of woola has boon offered during; tho past few weoka, the Western clips having come forward in thoir usual good condition, thus maintaining tho high reputation thoy have ac- quired. Far these wools competition has beon spirited, the prices obtained ranging up to 22d. per lb., which figure was obtained for one lot of 208 bales from the Glenisla station. Wo are glad to notice tlut tho system of washing with hot water and spouts has been carried out with groator discrimination in most of these lota, few of thom having that harsh and dry appoarance so much dopre cated by the English buyers, as evidencod by tlio ruinously low prices which clips got up in this manner havo realised in tho London markot. Nearly oil tlio lots wo bavo Been havo a BOft yolky fool, besides being clean and bright, and generally in botter order than usual. The Land Act has at length been sottlod on a tolerably favourablo basis, leases for ten years having bcon granted to tho pastoral tenants of Crown lands, subject, however, to tho oporation of free selection beforo Burvoy throughout tho colony. This however, is not expected to cause much disturbance to tho tenure of tho different stations, as the land which now- remains IB gonorally worthless for agricul- tural purposes, the only possible way of utilising it, to oven modorato advantage, being by working It in largo grazing farms, as at prosont. This uottlcmont of tlio tenure for such a long poriod will, no doubt tend to relieve the depression which has so long existed, and, doubtless, many of the wool growore will com- mence with ronowcu enorgy to improvo tholr Btations and sbcep. Tho result will Boon bo ovidont in a suporlor description of stock, and we hopo in a few years to bo ablo to roport that Victorian wools have regained that position and prcstigo now nearly loat through bad seasons and faulty and moat oppres- sive legislation. This waa intended for a pastoral country, and the unwiso attempts which have been mado of lato years to foster agricultural settle- ment in euch a dry and uncortain climate havo had a disastrous effect-a largo proportion of tho best sheep stations having boen utterly ruined, without any compensating advantago having boen gained. The following ships have cloarod for England during tlio month with wool on board: 1800.-December 11, Holmedale, tor London, 4,725 bales; December 13, Sarah Grlco, for London, 6,010 bales ; December 15, Janet Court, for London, 3,749 bales ; December 21, Alexander Duthie, for London, 4,023 bales; Decomber21, Napoleon III., for London, 3,028 bales ; Docembor 21, Essox, for London, 2,270 bales ; Dccombor 24, Ernestine 8,080 halos ; Docem- bor 31, Hawarden Castlo, for London, 4,370 balos. Total, 31,351 bales; previous shipmonts, 01,9D5 bales. Total shipments from Octosor l to date, 123,310 baloa. Prices Current.-Groasy - Infe- rior, 4Jd. to f>Jd. ; ordinary. Sid. to OJd.; average to good, 7d. to 8Jd. ; good to su- porlor, 8Jd. to Old. Fleece-Inforior, Od. to lid.; ordinary to averago, Is. to la. 2d. ; avorago to good, Is. 2d. to l8. 5d. ; suporlor, Is. Gd. to Is. lOd. Scoured.-Inferior, Gd. to 3d. ; ordinary, lOd. to Is ; middling to good, Is. Id. to la. Sd. ; superior, 1B. -Id. to le. 7d. Summary of Sales this Month.-II. Golds brough and Co. hold 3 sales, offered 9,227 hales, sold 5,550 bales ; The London and Australian Agency Cor- poration Limited, 3 salea, offered 4,909 bales, sold 2,278 bales ; H. Cunlnghnm and Co., 3 sales, offered 4,458 balcB, Bold 2,183 bales ; O. J. Dennys and Co., 2 ealcB, offered 2,370 balea, eoid 1,251 bales ; Geo. Synnot, 3 salo», offered 2,003 bales, sold 851 balos ; Gutbrio, Bullock, and Co., 3 sales, offered 1 3D3 bales, Bold d39 bales. Totals-17 sales, offered 24,610 bales, Bold 12,660 balcB. ShcopskinB.-Tho auction sales held during the month havo boon woll attondod, and we havo placod considerable quantities, both for shipment, and to tho fellmongers for scouring. For shipment tbero has bcon a brisk demand, and quota- tions aro about as follows, say-dried station skins, 8Jd. to 5Jd. per lb., and butchers' skins from 2i. to 8s. Od. oach. A few lots largo crossbrods havo ranged up to 4B. 3d. each. Clearances aro-December 11, Holmedale, for London, 126 bales ; December 13, Sarah Grlco, for London, SI baloa; December IS, Janet Court, for London, 03 bales; Docembor 21, Napoleon III., for London, 100 bales ; Docombcr 24, Erncetino, for London, 210 bales; Decembor 31, Hawarden Castle, for London, 274 bales. Total, 832 bales. Hides,-Prices continuo firm, and lato rates aro fully supported. Tho supply continuos limited, and all tho lota that como forward aro readily taken by tho tanners for local consump- tion, consequently thero are no ehipmonta to ad- vise. Wo quoto good-conditioned hides from 31d. to 4Jd. per lb. For vory largo hides prlcoa ranging up to 80s. each have bcon obtainod. Tallow.-A con- siderable quantity has boon sold and shipped during tho month, and tbo mai kot has continued tolerably steady, though prices, when comparod with a few weeks ago, show a Blight difference in favour of the buyor. Wo quoto boet £33 to £3110a. ; and mutton £35 to £38 per ton. Clearances nro-December li, Holmsdalo, for London, 435 casks ; Docembor 15, Janet Court, for London, 771 casks ; Dccombor 21, Alexander Duthie, for London, 165 casks ; Dccombor 21, Escox, for London, 160 cneks; Dccombor 24, Ernestine, for London, 294 casks; December 31, Hawarden Castle, for London, 450 casks. Total, 2,271 coska." Tho LONDON and AUSTRAIIAN- AOF.NCT CORPORATION (Limited) furnishes tbo following monthly roport, for transmission por Malta:-"wool.-A total of 10,048 bales havo been offered in Melbourno during tho past month, of which quantity hardly BO largo a percentage hua boon sold as during the preceding month. Notwithstanding the favourable advicos by tbo mail, buyers are not so eagor to oporato as thoy were, as it Is gonorally urderstood that the advanco was already previously anticipated, and although eollors in many casos In- creased their soiling limits, yot purchasora would hardly continuo the ratos previously paid, The inter- vention of tlio Christmas holidays has furthor in- terrupted businoss, and until tho new year sots in wo do not expect a resumption of operations. Wo aro pleased to confirm the opinion expressed in our last repoit as to tho comparativo absonco In this season's clip of burr seods, and instead of being woak in tho staplo, many of tbo clips aro certainly freo from that defect also. Tbo propondoranco of greasy WOOIB has not beon materially diminished by the arrivals from tho Western and other cold districts. Speaking comparatively of tho present and past seasons in ro- gara to condition, wo may now fairly say that fow of tbo various brands that havo como under our noticohavo reached tho samo dogroo of oxcollouco that boa distinguished thom in past seasons, some defect or othor having in most Instances interfered to lower tho value. Tho past month has been a very activo ono in the way of shipments, about 27,000 balea having been put on board ship, the total shipmonts of tho season to dato amounting to 119,261 bales. It ia ox Sectcd by many in the colonies that tho opening of the uoz canal will work a chango in tho modo of businoss in our Btaplo, as we aro tod to bolievo that tho French people oxpeot it possible that Marseilles may become tbo port of Bolo of a largo proportion of Australian wool ; whothor such will bo the caso, time only will dovelop. Tbero is, howovor, little doubt that trial shipments will soon bo made to test the domands of French manufacturers and the comparative advan- tages to the grower. After a protractod delay, partly owing to a chango of Ministry, tho now Land Act fiassed both nouses of Legislature, and on Wodnesday ast rccolved the Boyal asiont Somo Judicious amend- ments introduced by thoOouncU woro violontly opposed by a section of tho Assembly, but with Bomo modlQ cations the bill waa finally passed. By this now act tho tenuro of the pastoral tonants of the Crown is Bocurcd for a poriod of 10 years from the end of 1870. This, together with the extraordinary tino season and tho improved position of the home wool markot, has glvon a conlldonco in the futuro prospects of pas- toral securities which has long boon wanting, and leads to the hope, after the long depres- sion which thoy have suffered, that a poriod of prosperity may now bo looked forward to. Quotations.- Greasy-Inferior, 4d. to fid. per lb. ; medium, 6d. to 7d. ; good, 8d. to Od. SU'po-Low, Gd. to 8<i. ; good, 8d. to lOd. Scoured-Inforlor, lOd. to lid. ; medium, lid. to 13d. ; good, 14d. to 17d. ; superior, 18d. to 19d, Fleeco-Inforlor, S3, to lOd. ; medium, Ud. to 12d. ; good, 18d. to lOd. ; superior, 17d. to 21d. The following ships have cleared Blnoo our last, vis. :-1800-Dooombor 11, Holmsdalo, 4,770 bales ; Dooomber 13, Sarah Grico, 5,010 bales ; Decomber 15, Janot Court, 3,740 bales; December 21, Essex, 2,270 bales; do,' Alexander Duthie, 4,423 bales; do., Napoleon III., 8,203 balCB-; December 24, Ernestine, 3.989 bales. Total, 27,020; to which add previous Bliipments, 02,211 bales ; total, 119,261 bolos. Tho weekly shipment« havo boon as below, viz. : Decombor4. 1860, 2,073,188lb., valuo £181,071; De- comber 11, 3,023,0001b., valuo £220,485 ; Docembor l8, 1,480,0671b., value£97.053; Decomber 25,2,006,1681b., value £144,140. Total, 10,333,319ib., valuo £060,250. To which add provlous shipments from 11th Soptembor to 27th November, 1809, 18,228.0771b., valuo £1,007,064. Total, 28,681,3001b., valuo £1,058,209. Tallow.-Tho trado has remalnod quiet, and a regular buslncsshasbcondouo. Prices havo beon steady, with- out fluctuation. We quoto mutton at £37 per ton, beef and mixed, £35 to £30 per ton. Clearances, 1,812 casks. Hides.-A fow ¡¡mall Bales continuo to be offoeted by auction ; the bulk, however, being taken by direct private contract. A few small shipments havo been iuado, but not of Importance. Shcopskins continue to arrivo in largo quantities, and aro regu- larly cold by auction. We havo sold large parcels of dry ahina, the greater part of which havo bcon takon for Bhipmont Wo quoto our sales from Sd. to Gd. per lb." Messrs. HASTINGS CUNINOUAM and Co. report: "Wool.-Wo have again to report that thoro has boon a largo amount of business done in this markot since tho last mall left ; although prices have scarcely ruled so high, still tbey have boen firm, and aro con- sidered tatlsfuctory. Thoro have boen 11 public sales held in Molbourno up to last week, when business was suspended for the Christmas holidays, to bo recom- menced next week. Quotations of prices obtained at tho eales are-for greasy,. from Sd. to Qgd. per lb. ; Boourod, 12d. to 18d. por lb. ; fleeco, 12d. to 22d. per lb. Tho shipment« sinco last report aro as follow :- From Hobson'a Bay December 11, Holmsdalo, 4,725 bales ; Docombor 13, Sarah Grlce, 5,010 baleB; Decomber 15, Janet Court, 3,740 bales; December 21, Alexander Duthie, 4,023 bolos; do., Napoleon III., 3,203 bales; do., Essex, 2,270 bales; Decomber 24, Erncstino, 8,080 bales. Total, 26,975 bales. Previous Bliipments, 02,214 bales. Total shipments from 1st October to 24th Docombor, 1809, 119,189 bales; corresponding period 1808, 130,000 bales ; do. do. 1807,'93,O0G bales ; do. do I860, E8.887 balCB. Probable quantities of wool to bo takon by the following Bhips :-City of Vionna, 4,200 bales; KateKolloek,6,600 bales; Colonial Emplro.6,000 bales; Agamemnon, 4,000 bales; HawardenCaatlo,4,000bales. Sheepskins.-Tlio auction sales held threo times per week have beon well attended by tho buyers. Shorn skins aro coming in freely, and the season for long woollcd skins will aoon ne over. Pricos have boon fluctuating, but on tho wholo good, and wo think will Improve when tho wool Booson is ended. Butcher's greon skins have sold at from 2s. to 4s. each ; pelts up to 15(1. each ; dry station aklus, from 4d. to OJd. per lb. Hides.-This market haa been vory brisk, and prices have steadily advanced. Heavy wolghts brought at our sales from 20a. to 32s. each ; light from 12s. to 18s. ; calfskins, from 3>d. to 4jd. pur lb. Thoro aro no shipments to report. Tallow.-During tho month thero baa beon a large business dono, but prices bavo been unsteady. Wo have sold primo mutton, f.o.b., at £36 per ton. Ordinary brought from £3410s. to £3510s. per ton, and mixed from £34 to £35 per ton. Tbo market Is closing weaker. Tbo fliipmenta Binco last report amount to 1,815 casks. Kangaroo Skins.-We havo nothing to report, and prices are nominal." REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. FntDAY EVEXIXQ. There has been an insignificant amount of business transacted this month, with no vory remarkable altera- tions of prico in stocks genorally. Tho disposition of buyers as well as of selléis is to await tho now year's development It is rather satisfactory to find on tho last day of tho year that demand for several leading Ballarat stockB Is in excess of supply, and this strongthons tho generally formed anticipation that January will Bhovv a much lirolior markot In invest- ment securities thero has boon but llttlo fluctuation, and no extensivo operations are noted. Tho prico of money Is without chango; tbo banks, howovor, aro Billi keenly computing for deposits. A most painful Bcnsation has boen caused by tbo discovery that considerable defalcations bad occurred in the Commercial Bank. Tho late accountant, Mr. T. W. Draper, has been committed for trial on a charge of embezzlement, and thero aro other Borlous accusa- tions against him. Tho amount involved has been variously stated, but oven tho largest guess hazirdod wsuld probably bo oovored by tho profits of tho half year and tho reservo fund. OuteMo of this affair the half year's business has beon tho best since tho bank commenced. Mining affairs bavo boon rather quiot, tbo holidays supervening upon a previously dull markot Eleewhoro wo publish statistics of the dividend results of tho year, which show a falling off in the profits of alluvial mining and an improvement in thoso dorlved from quartz mines. Debentures.-Victoria Government Sixes firm at 111 to lill; some London issuo sold at 110, tho interest not being payable here. Melboumo Corporation Sixes steady at 107 to 107}. Banks.-Colonial Bank sold lost at £017s. Gd ; sellers at £7, and buyers at £017s. Od. Commercial Bank have beon sold at £418s., and downwards to £415s.; the latter is tho lowest sa'o yot quoted ; chares aro, bowover, offered at Bomothlng under that figure.' National Bank Bold at £011s. to £013s.;a fair constant demand. Bank of Victoria sold at £40, and offered at samo. Land Mortgage Bank sale- able at £2 8s ; the respected manager, Mr. W. P. Muir, arrived from London by the last inward mall steamer. Gas Companios.-Bendigo Gas aro at £317s Od. sollors. Melboumo Gas aro at £0 2?. Od. Llttlo or nothing done in stocks of this class. Insuranco Companies. Australasian Fire and Marino sold at 15s., and offered at 10s. Od. Australasian Life in demand at 17s. 01. ; holders ask 20s. National Flro Insuranco wanted at 6s. Od., Bcllors at Gs. Southern Insurance dull at 22J. buyers ; sales at 22s. Gd., Boilers at 23i. Victoria Life offered at £2 10s. Od. A fow Victoria Fire and Marino in tho markot at £33. Miscellane- ous Companies.-Hobson's Bay Railway held for £55. Tlio latcit report from tho Australian Diamond Mines Is to tho effect that the gold obtained is paying current expenses, tbo diamonds got boing clear profit ; tho prico offered hero for Bmall Btones is £2 por carat, the London value boing at least £3 5s. Bendigo Water- works aro at 27s. Gd. Mines.-Tbo principal fluctua- tions in tho mining markot havo bcon :-Band and Albion, from £3 15s. fell to £3 7s. Od., closing firm ; Bonshaw recedod from £2210s. to £21 ; Grand Trunk, Springdallah, from £76 to £55 ; Great Gulf fell from 22s. Od. to 12s. Gd. ; Knoebono firm at £4; Koh-i-noor declined from £7 to £0 15s. ; Magnum Bonum improved to £18; Park fell from £8 to £4 17s. Od., rallying to £5 2s. Gd. Prince of Wales declined from £3 2s. Gd to £2 10s., rallying to £3 buyers, and strong. St George and Band roso from £3 7s. Gd. to £110s., with an' upward fooling. United Albion receded from £2 5s. to £2. Albion Consols rose from £2 to £3 12s. Gd., recodlng to £2 15s. buyers. All Saints' fell from 22s. Gd. to 12s. Gd. Great Northern Junction Improved from £7 to £0 109. Inkermann and Durham, single issue, are at 30s. Princo Imperial rose from £2 5s. to £3 7s. Gd., and sot tied donn to £210s. Hand andBandfeil from £17 to £0, rising again to £12. UnitcdSuburban wanted at£410s. Albert, Alexandra, worth £117s. Gd. Black Horse havo fallen considerably. Catherine United havo improved a little; buyors at Gs. Od. Great Extondcd Hustlers Improving ; salos at 10s. 3d. to 10s. Od., and buyers. Hercules, Bondigo, rising; buyors at 03.01, and no sellers. Hope, Wood's Point, improved from 10s. to 15s. buyers. HuBtlor's Bcof docllnod from 12s, GJ. to 11s. Oil. Longfellow's, Striogor's Creek, wanted nt 30s., call paid. Long Tunnel offered at £00 ; a few buyors at a declino on that. Now North Clunes havo gone back from £135 to £12710s. North Johnson's taken at 12s., being a rise of 2s. Sultan, Blackwood, Improved considerably- from £3 a riso to £810s. Happy Valley wanted at £10. [¡Walhalla offered at £105 ; buyers at £100. Empress, Stringer's, sold at £17 to £1710s. London and Australian fell from £6 to £4. North Clunes ConLOls declined from £8 to £6. Oriental, Clunes, rose from 25s. to 309,, and recodrd to 31s. buyors. South Cohen's offered at £3 15s. Thero aro a groat many good stockB tho quotations for which aro at tho prosent period nominal. The dividends due or doclared for tbo mail period ending to-day amount to £32 370. Of this amount 20 quartz mines contributo £22,223, and 11 alluvial minos £10140. Tho dlvldonds in dotail aro-For week ending Decembor 11:-Albort, Alexandra, 3s. per 2,400th; Bonshaw Freehold, 15s. por 3,800th; Freehold, Hepburn, Is. por 2.000th ; Golds brough, Dunolly, 10s. por 2,000th ; Koh-i-noor, Ballarat, 5s. per 3,200th ; North Hustler's, Bendigo, Od. por 23,875th; North Johnson's, Bondigo, Gi per 22,000th ; United Albion and Princo of Wales, Bal- larat, 5s, per G,448tb ; Victoria Reef Gold Mines, Ben- digo, Is. per 20,274th ; Walhalla, Stringer's Creok, £4 10s. per 000th ; Wellington Tribute, quartz, Bendigo, 10s. por 160th. For week ending December l8: Albion Tribute, Bendigo, £3 por 32nd ; Australasian, Creswick, 10s. per 1,000th ; Band of Hope, Mary- borough, £60 per 20th (?) ; Croswlck Grand Trunk Lead, £3 per 613th; Magnum Bonum, 8s. per 450th; NU Dctporandum, Raywood, Gd. per 20,OOOtli ; Sultan, Blackwood, 10s. por 2,600th : Wo9t of Eng- land, £10 per Gltb. For weok ending Decembor 25 : ArguB, Bendigo, Od. per 20.000th ; Freehold Unltod, Hepburn, Is. Gd. per 2,000th ; Goldsbrough. Dunolly, 7B. per 2,000th ; Golden Lake, Springdallah, 6s. per 2.4001b ; Koh-i- noor, Ballarat, 6s. por 8,200th ; North Star, Lauriston, 7s. per 2,000th ; Railway Tribute, Bondigo, 10s. per 288th; Sadowa, Talbot, 15s. per Bharo; Sheet Anchor, Clunes, Is. lOd. nor 2,400th; Young Obum, Bendigo, Od. per 20,000th. For six days Decembor 81:-Al, Castlo Roof, 2s. per 8,640th ; Albion Tributo, Bendigo, £7 por 82nd ; Albert, Alexandra, 3s. por 2,400th ; Imperial, Buninyong, £1 per 480th ; Magnum Bonum, £1 per 22,000th; Now North Clunes, £8 per 2,050th ; North Johnson's, Is. nor 22,000th ; North Specimen-hill, Gd. por 15,000th ; South Sand- stone, Tarnagulla, Ss. per 800th ; St Mungo, Bendigo, 6d. por 21,000th; WoHinirton Tributo, Ss. porlOOth. The principal Bendigo yields (oxcludlng thoso undor 25oz.) have been for week ending Decembor 11 : JobnBon's Reef Company, 71oz. ; Annabella Company, 76oz. ; Morning Light Company, 40oz. ; Elliott and Company, 87oz. ; Alliance Company, lOloz. ; Unity Company, 77oz. ; North Johnson's Rocf Company, 263oz amalgam from about 40 tons ; Wost of England Company, 217oz. ; Albion Tribute Company, Bird's Reef, 118oz. ; Princo Alfred Tribute Company, 05oz. ; Bird's Reef Company, 72oz. ; Catherina Reef Unltod Company (week), 169oz., from private claim SOOoz. 12dwt ; Bell and Watson (from the now roof, ono wcok's work,40tons).141oz.; North Hustlor'sCompany,200ez. For week ending December l8 :-Frodorlck tho Great Company, 197oz, ; Telegraph Company, 39oz. ; Hus- tler's Company, 89oz. ; Pioneer Company, Raywood, Sfloz.; Nil Desperandum Company, 8Goz.; North Johnson's Company (amalgam), 201oz, -total amalgam for fortnight 454oz. ; Victoria Reef Gold Minos Company, 222oz ; Railway Tribute Company, G4oz. ; Indefatigable Company, 31oz. ; Windmill hill Company, 04oz. ; North Hustler's Company (amalgam), llloz. ; Young Chum Company, 122oz. For weok ending December 25:-North Johnson's Reef Company, 327oz. ; Groat Extendod Uustlor's Company, 217oz. ; North Hustler's Company, 188oz. ; Catliqrlno Roof United Company, ISOoz. ; Argus Com- pany, 162oz. ; Alabama Company, 161oz. ; Alltanco Company, 181oz. ; Albion Tributo Company, 120oz. ; Ellesmero Company, 28oz ; Wills and Company, Na- poleon Reef, 35oz. ; Austrian Company, Whipstick, SGoz. ; Princo Alfred Tributo Company, "Ooz. ; Bird's Reef Company, G2oz. ; West of England Company, 77oz. ; Caledonian Company, 43oz. ; Huntly Deep Lead Ex- tended Company, 45oz. ; Llttlo Chum Company, 82ez ; Belle Vue Tribute Company, 09oz. ; Royal Oak Company, (¡Ooz. ; Windmill-hill Company, 28oz ; Graham . and Hamilton, Moon Reef, 07oz, ; Eneobono »lid Jeffrey, 39oz ; Golden Pyke Company, 84oz.; New Chum Company., Moon Beef, S7oz.; Pionoor OompanySi tributers, 31ozi; Opoaram Beof Company, 32oz.. lionument-hlll Tribute Company, 29oz.; Gray and M'Klromlc, Marong, filoz.; British Tributo Com- pany, 68oz.; unity Company, 83oz.; Gourge Elliott, 35oc; Elliott and Company, Johnson*! Beef, 70oz ; St. Mungo Company, 68oz ; Nil Desperandum Com- pany (weeli). 28oz.; North Spooiraon-hlll Company, 33oz. ; Annabolla Company, 89oz. The following Ballarat and district yields for four weeks aro thus summarised by tho^'Btar":-Alluvial Yields.-Aus- tralasian, 6710Z. ; Alma, 246oz. ; Band of Hope and Albion Consols, 3,88Boz. ; Band of Hope, Chinaman's Flat, 780oz. ; Bute, 116oz. ; Broak-o'-Day, 312oz. ; Bonshaw, l,6S7oz. ; Ballarat and Clunes, 43oz. ; Durham, 23Boz. ; Extended Sons of Freedom, Chiltern, 401oz. ; Great Gulf, 396oz. ; Great Northern Junction, l,386oz. ; Grand Trank, Spring- dallah, 38G0Z. ; 'Golden Horn, 374oz. ; Golden Stream, l,135oz ; Galatea, 237oz. ; Grand Trunk, Croswiok, BlOoz. ; Golden Point, Creswick, 40oz. ; Golden Lako, Î2280Z. ; Btt-or-Mlss, 22oz. ; Innes Free- hold, Oloz. ; Koh-i-noor, l,057oz. ; Kncoshaw, 67oz. ; Kneebone, 28floz. ; Leviathan, 859oz. ; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 604oz. ; Maidon City, I680Z. ; Park, l,692oz J Prinoo of Waloa, Sobastopol, 420OZ. ; Reform, 445oz. ; BOBO Hill, 257oz. ; Bothsay, 125oz. ; Speculator, 2750Z. ; Sons of Froodom, God- frey's Creek, 46oz. ; United Working Minors', 207oz. ; United Albion and Prince of Wales Company, l,018oz ; Wollington Gold and Tin, 732oz. ; Working Minors', Godfrey's Creek, 35oz. Total, 38 companies, 21,072oz. Quartz YloldB.-Albion, 80oz. ; Blaok Horso, 187oz. ; British Sovereign, Wehla, UOoz. ; Extendod Great Tunnel, 2Goz. ; Freehold United Company, Hepburn, 471oz. ; Goldsborough, 530oz, : Home- ward Bound, G6oz. ; Hand and Ban 1 United, 87oz. ; MB, 2880Z. ; Imperial, 224oz. ; Kangaroo Bob, 205oz. ; Now North dunes, 2,100oz. ; Now Allianco Company, G30Z. ; Port Phillip, l,008oz.; Prince of WaleB, Sobas- topol, 6520Z.; Queen Victoria, fiOoz.; Star of the West, 27oz. ; Sultan, 410oz. ; Speedwell, 20oz. ; Snako Gully, 202oz ; South Clunes, 1300Z ; United Happy Valloy, lOOoz. ; Victoria, 224oz. ; Wallaby, Ovens, OZoz. Total, 24 companios, 7,383oz. SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mr. S. DE BKER reports :-*'The shipments of wool and other colonial produce for England have, since dato of my lost advices of Oth ult., again been upon an extensive Beale, tho following ships, all of largo tonnage,'having bcon despatched for [London, viz :-Ibo Holmsdale, Sarah Grice, Janet Court, Essoz, Alexander Duthio, Napoleon III., Ernostine, and City of Vienna ; whilo tho berth for Bamo desti- nation is at present occupied by,tho Kato Kellook, Oriental, Thomas Stophous, Loch Katrine, Colonial Empire, Agamemnon, Anglesey, Lincolnshire, Lans- downe, Dukoof Edinburgh, Nimrod, HawardenCastlo, and Empress, all, with two or three oxceptiona, busily loading, and soveral nearly ready to proceod to soi. No chango in rates of freight has occurred, thoso current and procurable being samo as last quoted, viz. :-Jd. por lb. for scoured wool, and ¡id. per lb. for greasy ; tallow, 4Ss. ; loatber, SOs. ; preserved meats, 40s. ; bark, 40s. ; copper oro, 2s. Gd. Wool, tallow, and meats ara Btlll offering in fair quantities, but by tho end of this month shipmonts of tho former article-the season boing nsw far advanced, and the heavy exports hitherto mado-must become comidciably attenuated ; but consequent upon,.tho present bountilul crop of cereals, both in this and tbo neighbouring colony of South Australia, it is very probablo that a considerable amount of ton- nage may be required for tho conveyance of breadstuff's to Great Britain, especially if the grain inarkots there offer fair inducements. Tho season of arrival being still unpropitlous, tho pasBcngcr trade to England continues quite as dull as last reported. The business effected in chatters during tho pact month haa not been by any moans exttneive, thoso reported being that of the Joshua Bates and Coloroon, for Hong Kong, with Chinese pas- sengers, at £4 per bead ; and for Calcutta, tho Stock- bridge, with a full load of horses, got the lump sum of . £1,100 ; and for Bame destination, with similar cargo, but to load at Adelnido, the Seagull, rccoiving £15 per head. Tho Shepherd proceeds to Colombo with bono dust, at a rato fixed upon previous to her recent depariuro from that port. A moderato amount of tonnogo is wanted to load railway sleopcrs and hoiECB at Fremantle, Western Australia, for Calcutta, for wbich fair rates are offered.. Coal freights from Ncwcaatlo to China and Indian ports, as also to Ban Francisco, still maintain the Bamo inanimate characteristics as reforrcd to in my last report, and consequently scarcely any engagements of tonnage havo been made, while rates are nominal at the following figures, viz. :-To Bombay, 28s.; Hong Kong, 18s.; Shanghai, 24B.; San Francisco, 28s.; and even at these quotations it would be difficult to place thips. For tho above commodity from Newcastle to Hobson's Bay not over 12s. por ton can be quoted. The numbor of BbipB and their tonnage despatched from this port with cargo during past 12 months exhibits the gratifying fact that by far the greater majority of ships wbich arrived disengaged found ready employment at rates superior to thoso which could have been obtained at any other Southern or £ astern port, notwithstanding tbat the rates to London havo not equalled thoso of provious years. The amount of tonnago Bo'd at this port during the past 12 months has bcon upon a comparatively limited scale, owing no doubt to the low rates of freight which during that porlod havo rulod on this aide of tho world. Ships' Clearances with Colonial Produce. Docomber 7. - Avoca, R.M.8.S., for Point do Galle-G casks tallow, 1 bale leather, 30 tierces beef, 102,597oz gold, 34,009 sovereigns. December 9.-Wolvorino, for Guam-300 small cikcs 380 largo cakes copper, 00 casks 2 casos preserved mi nts, 60 cases colonial wine, 50 baga flour, 6 pack- ages leather, &0 bales hay, 40 balos chaff, 04 baga oats, 40 boga bran, 27 tanka, 5 cases wino, and 50 horses. December 11.-Holmsdale, for London-1,770 bales wool, 435 casks tallow, 127 bales sheepskins, 2 bales sklnB, 2 quarter-casks 17 cases wine, GO hogshoada treacle, 10 casks 850 cases preserved moats, 201 pieces myall wood, 75 bags antimony, 49 bales leather. 2,207oz. gold. December 13.-Sarah Grico, for Lon- don-5,010 bales wool, 5,020 bags coppor oro, 61 bales sheepskins, 9 bales lcatlior, 1,333 bags guino. December 16.-Janet Court, for London-3,749 bales wool, 771 casks tallow, G7 bales Bhcopskine, 145 tiorccs presorved meats, 33 balos basils, 0 bales pelts, 42 bales rags, 39 bales leather, 79 bales 5 cases tobacco, 90 soga butter, 484 ingots spelter, 2,043oz. g*d. December l8.-Carl, for Ouam-2,048 cakes coppor, 100 half sacks fleur, 10 tanks, 7 tons hay, 3 tons chaff, 38 bigs oats, 30 bags bran, 38 horses. December 21.-Essex, for London-2,270 bales wool, 160 casks tallow, 1,215 bags antimony oro, 86 balea lealhor, |42 casks black Band, 93 blocks antimony rcgulus, 2,000 baga rico, 1,000 casca presorved moats, 300 bags bark, 80 plecea sandal wood, 13 casca wino, 2,5000z. gold. December 21.-Alcxandor Duthie, for London-4,023 bales wool, 162 casks tallow, 3 bales sheepskins, 17 bales BklriB, 7,810oz. gold. Decomber 21.-Napoleon III., for London-3,203 halos wool, 28 bales skins, 100 bales pelts. December 21-Eva Joshua, for Mauri- tius-16 boxes tallow, 40 chesta tea, 10 tons hay, 40 bags bran, 25 tanks, 100 caseB alo, 12 boxes candles, 4 cases lard, 20 cases 64 boxos Boap, 70 casks 7 case3 Ëreserved meats, 22 horses, 20 shcop, 2 rams, eccmber 24.-Ernestine, for London-3,089 balos wool, 294 casks tallow, 240 bales skins. December 24. -Nardoo, for Colombo-4,000 bone dust, 700 bags superphosphates, 0 water tanks, 44 bales ha}', 10 bags bran, 10 bags oats, 12 horses." MELBOURNE MARKETS. 1-BIDAY, DECEMBEU 31. THE MILLS. BuslnCES has been rathor unsettled by the holidays, and tho total amount of transactions has bcon far from extensivo. Prlcoa are again slightly easier, £12 boing tho top price. Quotations aro aa follow :-Flour, £12 ; bran, 1B. 4d. ; pollard, Is. 7d. to 1B. Sd. ; meal, £22; pearl barios-, £28. BETAIL MARKETS. »v Eggs aro slightly oaaior, and butter is without any chango. Poultry and butchers' meat rule as quoted last week. Tho curront prices aro as follow :-Beef, 3d. to Gd. per lb. ; mutton, ljd. to 4d. porlb. ; veal, Od. por Ib.; pork, 8d. per lb. Poultry.-Fowls, 4s. to 0s. per pair ; geese, 7s. to 12s. do. ; ducks, 6s. to 7s. do. ; turkeys, 14s. to 26B. per pair: ohceso, Gd. to Is. 4d. per lb.; eggs, Is. 3d. to le. Gd. per dozon ; butter, lid. to Is. 2d. per lb. ; bread, Gd. per 41b. loaf ; milk, Gd. por quart; hams, 1B. to Is. 4d. porlb. ; bacon, lOd. to IB. 2d. por lb. HAY MARKET. Messrs. BUTLER and Moss report :-'* Thoro was a largo arrival of produce to- day, and Balos woro slack, Prices may bo quoted as follows :-Hay, £3 to £5 ; straw, £3 to £3 10s." Mr. JAS. FENTON roports: "Tboro has been a larger supply of hay during the past fow days, and tbo demand boa also allghtly in- creased. Former prices have bcon maintained, quota- tions being BB follow :-Hay, from £3 to £4 15s. ; straw, £3 to £310s." EASTERN MARKET. Thoro was a moderate supply of vegotahie produco brought to market this morning, roas and French beans wcro in request at an advance, but onions were again in oxcess of requirements, and lower ratea woro gladly accepted. In.fruits, pears and apricots were plentiful and considerably lowor in price ; a very Uno samplo of whito currants from Mount Macedon realised Is. Od. per lb. In dalry produce, butter waa very Bolt and difficult to handle ; firm samples roillscd la. per lb. Poultry and game were plentiful, and at mode- rate price?. Tho following woro tho ruling prices : Vegetables.-Asparagus, 9d. to Ss. per 100; basll.ls. fld. per dozen bunches ; boons, broad, jd. por lb. ; beans, kidney, 2d. to 3d. por lb. ; beet, Is. por dozen ; bouquotB, 4s. to 8s. por dozou ; cabbages, Is. to 4a. per dozen; carrots, Od. to Is. por dozon bunches; cress, water, 8d. to Od. per .dozen hunches; cucumbers, firickly aud long Bpine, Gs. por dozen ; garlic, 3d. por b.¡ horseradish, 3s. tofla. per dozon buncuos ¡lavendor, Is. per dozon bunches ; lettuco. Gd. lo la. per dozen; marjoram, Od. por dozon hunchee ; onions, dried, 4s. to 5s. per cwt. ; onions, green, Gd. to Od. por dozen bunches ; parsley, Gd. per dozon bunches; parsnips, 9d. to Is. por dozon bunches; peas, 2d. to 3d. por ib.; potatoes, 8s. to 3s. 0d. per cwt. ; radish, 4d. to Gd. per dozon bunches ; rhubarb, la. to 2a. per dozon bunches ; sago, Od. per dozon bunches ; Bavoya, 2s. to to 4a. per dozon ; (hallets, id. per lb. ; thyme, 9d. por dozon hunches : turnips, Gd. to Is. per dozon bunches ; vegetable marrows, le. Gd. to 3s. per dozen. Fruits.-Almonds, 2d. to 3d.por lb. ; apples, 2d. to Gd. per lb.; apricots, 3d. to la. Gd. per dozen; cherrioa, 3d. to 4d. per lb. ; currants, white, Is. Gd. per lb. ; fige, Is. Gd. por dozen ; goosoborrles, 3d. to Gd. per quart ; mulberries, Gd. to Od. por lb. ; pears, Id. to 3d. per lb.; plums, 2d. to 3)d. per lb. ; raspberries, lOd. to Is. per lb.; strawberries, Gd. to Is. Gd. per lb. Dairy Produce.-Butter, Od. to Is. per lb. : choeso, Gd. to lOd, per lb.; ducks, 83. Gd. to 5s. por pair ; eggs, la. Id. to la. 4d. per dozen; geese, Gs. to 10a. per pair; hens, .Sa. Gd. to 5s. per pair ; honey, Gd. to 7d. per lb. ; pigeons, 2s. to 3s. por pair ; pork, Od. to 8d. per lb. ; rabbits, 2s. to 4s. por pair ; sucking pigs, Gs. Od. to 12s. each ; turkeys, 12a. to 20s. por pair : hams, Is. to Is. 2d. per lb. ; bacon, lOd. to Is. per lb. LIVE STO0K MARKET. DALSIAIIOY CAMI'DBH. and Co. roport:-" Fat Cattle. -During tho past month this market has boen fully sup- plied with 4,728 head, consisting generally of from good to prime. Owing to tho excosalvo numbers from tho north, prlcCB havo not ruled so high as in the previous month, primo beef fetching from 17s. Gd. ta20s. per 1001b., Inferior from lbs. to 17s. Od. Fat Sheep. 122,070 havo boen disposed of in this market sineo our last. Prices havo not noon so firm during tho past two weeks owing to the meat companies having stopped work for tho holidays, but on tholr resuming opera- tions wo look for an improvement. Wo quote best wothors in the wool, 7'. to Da. ; do. owes, Gs. to 7s. ; shorn wethers, C41b., Ga. ; 401b. owes, 69. to 5s. Gd. One pilme and flno-woolled lot of owes from Riverina, mado 8s. Our solos for tbo week have boon 2,003 woolled wethers for the Hon. John Thomas Smith, Gundabooka Btation ; 2,201 shorn ewes, from Cornella Croek, 002 from tbo westward, and a small draft for Mr. M. Locman, Bullo." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR, LAST SOTIMARY. [B., British; A.,'American; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Cn., Chilian ; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; Hn., Hanoverian; I.,Italian ; N., Norwegian; N. G.,North Gorman, 8., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd.,Sardinian ; Bolg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; R., Russian ; B., ship; b., barque; br., brig; se., schooner ; s.S., Btcamor.] Dec. ARRIVED. 0\. Aicinous, F. b" 345, E. Ohauvolon, Bordeaux and Charente.-Bligh and Harbottlo. 8\. Woodbino, B. br., 210, Joseph Day, Foo chovv-foo. -W. Crosbio and Co. 8\. Elver Jumna, B. b., 400, Joaoph Burton, Glasgow. -R. TownB and Co. . , 0\. Lady Bowona, B. B., 1,181, D. Kinnear, Sodorham. -Joahua Brothers. 0\. Borneo, B. b" 705, Jos. Dunlop, St. John's, N.B. -Jas. Sorvlco and Co. < 0\. Garibaldi, R. s., 950, C. E. Blomberg, Rotterdam. ? -W. Crosby and Co. 9\. Charlie Palmor. B. b., 507, A. Hoffman, Batavia. -Captain Hoffman. 11\. Lansdowne, B. s., 756, .John Trewin, London. Ho'mcs, White, and Co. 11\. Joshua Bates, B. s., 601, J. L. B. Brown, Hong Kong,-L. Kong Meng and Co. 13\. David and JCSBÍO. B. se," 142, R. M'Mlchon, Colombo.-Pigott Brothers and Co. 15\. Thomas Stephens, B. s" 1,608, Richard Richards, Liverpool.-Bright Brothors and Co. 17\. Lincolnshire, B. e" 1,025, Henry H. Shinncr, London.-W. P. White and Co. , ,, 17\. Heimdall, N. b., 420, Lauritz Berg, Fredorick stadt-O. Tondour and Co. 17\. Wave of Life, B. s., 1,888, R. A. Porrett, London. -Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 18\. Alcyone, A. b" 027, E. E. patterson, Now York. R. Towns and Co. 10 Sarah¿E. Kingsbury, A. b., 620, J. J. Porry, Boston.-Newell and Co. 20\. Jorusalem.B. s.,901, J. Lnrglo,London.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 20\. Loch Katrino, B. s., 1,200, J. M'Callum, Glasgow. -Alex. Macfarlan and Co. 22\. Gcolong, B.M.8.S., 1,684, B, T. Dundas, Point do Galle.-F.R. Kondall. , , 22\. Edmond GreBBlor, F. b" 209, Paul Mario Picard, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. 24\. Anglesey, B. B., 1,018 tons, J. Maddison London. -J. H. White and Co. 24\. Antlopo, B. s" 1,442, W. Withes, Liverpool Dickson, Williams, and Co. 24\. Charlotte Gladstone B. s., 1,303, Jamos White, Londom-Fenwick Brothers. 24\. Isabella Henriette, F. b., 207, D. Martin, Mau tlus.-Turnbull, Smith, and Co. 26\. R. H. Jones, B. b., 302, P. Williams, Mauritius. Joshua Brotbors. 27\. White Rose, B. s" 1,103, J. Shaw, London. Holmes, White, and Co. 30\. Jane, B. b., 341, J. Le Bas, Reunion.-Lauratot, Lo Roy, aid Co. 31\. Savernake, B. s., 1,284, George Whlteway, London. -Alex. Macfarlan and Co. 31\. Martha Rideout, B. s., 022, O. N. Dixon, Burrard's Inlot-Dickson, WilllamB, and Co. DCC. CLEARED OCT. 7\. Avoca, R M.s.s., 1007, A. B. Farquhar, Point do Galle.-F. R. Kondall. 0\. Norsk Veritas, N. b.. 470, O. Rlls, Callao.-W. J. Greig and Co. 0\. Wolvoreno, B. b.( 207, James William Munday, Guam.-H. S. Smith. 10\. Duko of Edinburgh, B. s., 1,117, Goo. Balmanno, London, via Geolong.-Dickson, Williams, and Co. 11\. Holmsdalo, B. s. 1,257, H. Quin, London.-J. H. Whlto and Co. 13\. Sarah Grlco, B. s, 1,070, M. Green, London. Bright Brothers and Co. 14\. Tonsberghus, N. b., 422, C. F. Ellorsson, Guam. A. Macfarlan and Co. 16\. Janet Court, B. B., 000, A. Wilson, ,London. A. Macfarlan and Co. 15\. Bostrono, N. b., 470, A. Foyn, Guam.-Anderson and Marshall. 10\. Lawrence, A. b" 446, S. J. Howes, Guam,-Newell and Co. 17\. Arica, B. b., 398, J. W. Swan, Guam.-Victoria Sugar Company. 17\. Nimrod, B. B" 720, J. Pearse, London via Geelong. -Joshua Brothers. 18\. Carl. B. br" 164 Thomas Lockyor, Guam.-H. Selwyn Smith. l8. Tilomas Flotchter, B. s., 616, H. A. Pendlcton, Guam.-R. Towns and Co, 21\. Essex, B. s., 1,200, W. H. Merryman; London. W. P. White and Co. 21\. Napoleon III., B. s., 780, John Corrigall, London. -Croaker, Scott, and Co. 21\. Eva Joshua, B. b., 287, J. H. Robson, Mauritius. JOBbua Brothers. 21\. Alexander Duthie, B. s., 1,157, Alex. Douglas, London.'-nolmes, White, and Co. 21\. Gauthiod, S. s., 685, N. A. S. Laydorgron, Callao. -Wllshln and Leighton. 22\. F. Shorman, A. s , 687, F. D. Blanchard, Callao Joshua Brothors. 23\. Mobil, N. G. b., 319, J. H. Berg, Guam. R. Twentyman and Co. 23\. JoBlah L. Hale, A. a, 1,181, E. J. Pike, Callao. Moore and Co. 24\. Ernestine, B. s., 1.049, T. Do Gruchy, London. Croaker, Scott, and Co. 24\. Emerald, B. s., 1,187, Wm. Lull, Guam.-Lord and Co. 24\. Nardoo, B. b., 378. J. Paul, Colombo.-H. S. Smith. 28\. Talisman, B. s., 1,020, Richard Duff, San Fran- cisco, viil Newcastle.-Joshua Brothers. 20\. Shepherd, B. b" 440, A. Armstroag, Colombo. F. W. Prell and Co. 30\. Idun, N. b., 400, H. C. Meidell, Callao.-Turn- bull, Smith, and Co. 31\. Minder,, N.-G. b., O. Brunsgaard, Guam.-O. Ton- deur and Co. 31\. Hawarden Castle, B. e" 1,101, John Jones, London. -Lorimor, Marwood, and Rome. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. DEC, 7. Avoca, R.M.S.S., for Point do Gallo.-G packages Company's parcels, 2 packages glass, 0 casks tallow, 1 caso apparol, 2 cases plants, 1 case seeds, 1 box docu- ments, 4 packages building materials, 1 coso fancy goods, 1 truss newspapors, 1 bale leather, 36 tierces beef, 1 bundlo sashes, 1 package doors, 2 packages crockery, 1 case lollies, 1 caso drugs, 3 packages glass- ware. DEO. 9. < Wolvoreno, for Guam.-300 small cakos 380 large cakes copper, GO casks 2 casos preserved meat, 60 casca colonial wine, 50 bags flour, 5 packages leather, SO bales hay, 40 bales chaff, 64 bags oats, 40 bags bran, 27 iron tanks, 15 water casks, 6 cases wino, 1 caso velocipedes, 1 quarter cask whiskey, 1 coil rope. DEC. 11. Holmsdalo, for London.-4.770 bales wool, 2 quar- ter-casks 17 cases wino, 435 .casks tallow, 10 casks 850 cases preserved meat, 2G1 pièces myallwood, 75 bags antimony, 127 balCB sbcopBkins, 40 bales leather, 2 bales skins, 1 case photographs. DEO. l8. Sarah Grice, for London.-5,010 bales wool, 5,020 bags copper oro, 0 bales leather, 51 bales shoopsklns, 1,834 bogs guano. DEB. 15. Janet Court, for London-3,749 bales wool, 771 caBks tallow, 145 Horcos preserved meats, 57 bales Bhcoppkina, 33 bales basils, 0 bales polls, 42 bales rags, 39 bales leather, 79 bales 6 coses tabacco, 06 kegs butter, 484 Ingots spelter. DEC. l8. Car), for Guam.-2,048 caskB coppor, 10 half-sacks flour, 10 tankB, 7 tons hay, 3 tons chaff, 38 bags oats, 30 bags bran, 24 horses. DEC. 21. Essex, for London.-2,270 bales wool, 86 bale3 leather, 160 casks tallow, 42 caskB black sand, 1,245 bags antimony oro, 03 blocks antimony rcgulus, 1,000 casos preserved meats, 309 bags bark, 80 pieces sandal wood, 7 packoc.es sundries, 2 casks drugs, 12 cases wino. Alexander Duthie, for London.-4,023 balon wool, 3 bales sheepskin, 17 balcB skins, 152 casks tallow. Eva Joshua, for Mauritius.-10 tons hay, 40 bags bran, 25 tanks, 100 cases alo, 15 boxes tallow, 12 boxes candles, 4 cases lard, 20 casos 54 boxea soap, 70 casks 7 casca prcsorved meats, 0 packages provisions and oil- men's stores, 22 horses, 20 sheep, 2 rams. Napoleon III., for London.-3,203 bales wool, 2S bales BklnB, 100 bales polls, 1 cask hardware DEO. 24. Ernestine, for London.-3,080 balos wool, 240 bales skins, 294 casks tallow. Nardoo, for Colombo.-4,000 bags boncdust, 700 bags superphosphates, 6 water- tanks, 44 bales hay, 10 bags bran, 16 bags oat«, 12 horses. DEC. 20. Shophcrd, for Colombo.-4,000 bags bonedust, 4,000 bags artificial manure. DEC. 31. Hawarden Castlo, for London -4,393 bales 23 bags wool, 1,390 bags coppor oro, 437 casks tallow, 1,000 cases 20 casks preserved meats, 97 bales loathor, 82 kegs butter, 274 bales sheepskins. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. DEO. 7. Avoca, R.M.S.S. for Point do Gallo. Passengers -saloon : For King Goorge's Sound-Messrs. Dovne, Charnier, and Johnson. For Point do Gallo Mrs. Nolson, Mossrs. D. Solomon and Radcliffe. For Bombay-Mr. and Mrs. Head and family (four), Mrs. Farquhar and child, and tho Right Rev. Dr. Goold. For Madras-Mr. Gibbons, nativo malo servant For Calcutta-Colonel Wroughton, Messrs. O. n. Compton and Prendergast For Suez-Dr. A. D. White and Mr. Buckhurst For Malta- Mr. Dillon Boll, Mrs. Bell, and Miss Bell, and Dr. Featherstone. For Marseilles -Messrs. J. Davis and Dowall. For Southampton Mr. J. Mackenzie. DEO. 11. Holmsdalo, for London. Passengers-saloon : Cap- tain F. O. Rowan, Mr. and Mrs. George Hogg and family, Mrs. Jonos, Miss Lamb, and Mr. R. Sutcliffe. DEO. 15. Janet Court, for London. Passongcrs-cabin: Messrs. G. M'Callum and F. S. Corlass. DEC 21. Essex, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Robert Sellar, family (four), and sorvaut, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Firmin, Mrs. Mooro and Miss Mooro, Mrs. Boyd, Doctor Boll, Messrs. Charles Gordon, M. W. P. Wainwright, James Taylor, Isaac Bowmor, M. Bont vvlcb, and Moffatt ; and 62 in the Bocond and third cabins. DEC. 24. \- Ernestine, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Kitchens, Miss Cox ; and 12 in tho steerage. GOLD SniPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tho following is a list of tho ships taking gold which havo sailed from this port BIIICO tho publication of our last summary, togothervvitli tho quantltlcsand destinations : Dec. 6 Great Victoria .. Dec. 7 Avoca Dec. 11 Holmsdalo Dec 16 Janet Court Dec, 10 You Yangs - .. Dec. 21 Essex Dec, SllAlexander Duthie London.. ..' 2,672 Gallo London .. London .. Sydnoy .. London .. London.. 102,697 2,267 2,043 810 2,560 7,019 Tho total amount of gold exported from tho colony sinco tho beginning of tlio year is 1,002,704 ounces, of which 272,800 ounces were transhipped from Now Zealand. During tho corresponding period of tho previous year the entire quantity exported was 1,037,700 ounces, and of this total 257,335 ounces woro from New Zealand. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. SATUIIDAY, JAN. 1. Closing Prices. £ 1000000 300000 100000 10000 50000 80300 135400 153800 100000 20000 0000 Viet. Gov. Rlwy. flocal), 0 por cont. Viet Government (local), 6 por cont, Melbourne Corporation, 0 por cont. Ballarat Water, 8 per cent. Ballarat Municipal, G por cent. .. Collingwood Gas, 0 per cent. Mclbourno Gas, 7 per cent. Mclb. & H. B. United, 8 por cont. Do., 7 por cent. Do., G per cent. . Do., 6 por cont. . Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 por cont. Otago Provincial Gov.. 8 per cent, 1101-111} lOlj-102 107-108* 103-104' " 02-041» £ 60000] 487500 200000 500000 £0000 80000 24008 14090 60000 2080 24430 210000 125000 25000 40000 10250 100000 40000 100000 25000 25000 68370 17875 8000! 37500 12333 60000 12000 7000 32840 534700 FcnjMO COMPANIES'. HANKS. Dal. Bankg. (limit) Do., now issue .. Colonial of Austral. Commorcial of Aus- tralia (limited) .. Molb. Bank Corpo- ration ("limited) .. National of Austral. Now South Wales.. ÎViotorlaÇMol.rcg.) ( Do. (London reg.) Land Mortgage OAS COlIrAMES. Ballarat .. Bendigo Castlemaine Collingw'd & Fitzroy Duj Icsford (limited) Geelong Mclbourno INSURANCE. Austral. Firo & Mar. Australasian Lifo .. Australian Alliance. National Flro Insur. Plato Glass Insur... Southern Insurance Victoria Lifo &Gon.; Victoria Firo & Mar. M18CKLLANEOUS. 1 Australian Din. J mond Mines Bondlgo Watcrwork Gipps Lnd. SteamN. Hob BayB. Sea Bath Maritime & General CrodltOo. (Limit.) Uudgeo Gold and) Diamond . j" MolbourneENoTi'nge Ovens Waterworks, Studloy Park Bridge Victorian leo Warrenheip Dlstily. RAILWAYS. Alelb.&Hob.BayUd;, Last dlv. per cont. per annum. 12J 16 \- 10 10 Closing Prices. 4145. 14iB.-lCa, 1718-203. 24s -20s, SJa.-Ce. 22j.-23s. 53s.-65ja,. 32-33 { MINES. 33G0 3000 4000 3200 0344 2100 2000 2500 4400 1000 4000 4000 7000 8200 2500 2500 G00 450 12800 8343 6000 2600 4032 6448 4 Avoncliff . 20 ¡Band of Hopo and Albion Consols, Ballarat 25 ! Bonshaw, Ballarat .. 10 Brcak-o' Day, Rokewood .. 20 Buninyong, Buninyong 6 Buninyong Now, Buninyong 5 Extended Sons of Freedom, Chiltern . \- Galatea, Scarsdale .. \- Golden Stream 10 .Golden Horn, Springdallah.. \- Golden Lake, Scarsdale 20 Grand Trunk, Happy Valley 181 Great Gulf, Ballarat Do., new Issuo .. ) Kneebone, El Dorado Koh-i-noor, Ballarat j-Leviathan, Ballarat Lower Huntly Deep Load .. Magnum Bonum, Maryboro'. Park, Ballarat. Prince of Wales, Ballarat .. St. Gcorgo and Band of Hope Sadowa, Talbot Scottish & Cornish, Ballarat United Albion and Prince of Wales, Ballarat United WorkingMIners', Bal, Wellington, El Dorado 33-3} 21-22 0-01 51-Gi 50-00 05-0,5 12J-13J 18-20 fi-fii 3-3Í 41-4* 0-8 l*-2 51-0 NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 6000 2500 1000 1000 4000 3600 4500 6000 6000 2000 7000 8000 10000 6000 4000 3000 7000 4400 3000 3000 G400 6400 1000 3000 2500 1080 7 lAlbion Consoh, Ballarat .. 8 |AU Saints', Ballarat .. \- Ballarat & Bendigo, Huntly. 2 | Ballarat and Clunes .. Durham, Ballarat Do., prcforcnt Do,, now. Emperor. Ballarat Great Extended, Eldorado .. Do., Contributing .. 20 Great North-west, Ballarat.. 10 Do., now . 10 Great HoiHiern Junction .. Inkermann and Durham, Bal. 2) Lady Sutton, Chiltern Now Holland, Avoca.. Do., now . Now Avoca, Avoca Nightingale, Ballarat _ North Park, Ballarat fi Prince Imperial 3 South Nightingale .. 2 Speculator, Ballarat.. 30 United Hand-in-Hand and ^ 10 Band of Hopo, Ballarat.. J 5 United Ovens Gold and Tin, ) Eldorado . J 5 Do., Contributing 10 United Suburban, Ballarat.. 6 IWintor'sFreehold, Ballarat.. 21-3 10-12 00-100 1Î-2 0-10 271a.-31ei. GJ.-78. 2s.-3s. 21-2Ê 111-12 DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 22000, J Alliance, Bendigo .. 80 - Advanco Bondlgo 10000 1 Agamemnon, Bendigo 10000 1 Ajax, Alexandra 2400 6 Albert Company, Alexandra 10000 1 Ajax, Castlemaine .. 2200 10 Albion, Steiglitz 30000 1 Alabama, M'I\ or 1600 15 All Nations, Matlock.. 20000 1 Argus, Bendigo 3540 10 Al Castlo Reef, Wood's Pt... 2480 15 Black-hill, Ballarat .. 2500 2 Black Horso, Ecorto-J 65G00 1 Catherine Reef United Claim holders, Bendigo 1980 1 Clunes, Clunes 1200 17A Clunes United, Clunes 32000, 1J Comet, Bendigo 2000 15 Costerfield, Heathcote 12000 1J Derby, Maldon 10954! 1 Eaglehawk Asso., Maldon .. 1710, 1 Do. Preference, Maldon 15944 1 Do. Union, Maldon 14000 1J Ellesmere, Bendigo .. 24000 1 Energetic, Bendigo .. ^Mol 1 } Grand Junction, Maldon { 23100 1 Groat Britain, Bondlgo 28000 1 Gt. Extended Hustler's, Ben. 28000 1 Hercules, Bendigo .. 4860 2 Homeward Bound, Alexandra 12000 1 Hopo, Wood's Point .. 1200' - Hunt's, Wood's Point 20870 2Gs. Hustler's Reef, Bendigo 19573' 2| Johnson's Roof, Bendigo 10000 1 Lady Barkly, Bendigo 2000'- Lo\ittthan, Black Bi\er 10000 1 Linscott's Roof. Maldon 1800 10 Longfellow, Stringer's 2400 5 Long Tunnel, Stringer's 2000 10 Malakoff, Steiglitz .. 620 10 Nelson, Maldon 20S0 20 Now North Clunes .. 20000 1 Nil Desperandum, Raywood.. 2400 6 ¡North Gipps Land, Stringer's 23876 1 .Northnustler'sRoef.Bcndlgo 16000 - JN. Specimen Hill, Bendigo i 22000 1 [North Johnson's, Bendigo 1680 - Prince of Wales, Matlock 8000 G'Bed Jacket, Bright .. 1000 7¿ Royal Standard, BlacklUvcr. 20000 - Sparrowhawk,Bondlgo 2400 5 Speculation, Maldon .. 7000 1 South Ajax, Castlemaine 22500 1 St. Mungo, Bendigo 1088 10 Specimen-hill, Daylesford .. 2000 10 Steiglitz . 2500 - Sultan, Blackwood 1400 10 Unity, Inglowood .. 4400 10 .United Happy Valley, Buck | land. 860 40 (Victoria, Clunes G00 2fi Walhalla, Stringer's Creek .. 4800 - Wallaby, Growler's Oreok .. 20000 1 'Young Chum, Bendigo l|-2 8s -10s. 10-20 101S.-11Ï». 0s.-7s. 16B.-208. 163.-17P. 10}s.-llls. lOs.-llB. 2713.-31Í 85-00 125-128 0s.-7s. 11S.-12S. UlsT-lS?. 6JS.-013. 8-81 10-12 12-15 190-195 NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 6000 3000 20000 3000 GO00 24000 2000 1020 8000 4000 4000 4800 8000 2000 8000 82000 8040 3200 3G00 2400 4000 3200 4000 3000 2500 4000 11000 2500 145G7 2000 0000 3500 4000 20274 3100 8000 8000 Alexandra Mining!:Crushing Ben Lomond, Stuartmill .. Burn's Beef, ForcBt Creek .. Criterion, Clunes Clunes, Great Northern Eaglo, Bendigo Empress, Stringer's Eureka, Stringer's Crook .. Flying Scud. Golden Age, Bendigo Golden Point, Clunes Great Wheal, Clunes.. Hercules, Stringer's Homew'd Bound, Scotcbmn's Isis, Stuartmill Kangaroo Bob, Egerton Koh-i-noor, Bendigo London & Australian, Clunos Magdala, Pleasant Creek .. Mariner's and Sloan's, do. .. Now Garibaldi, Blackwood .. Nowington, Pleasant Crook.. North Cohens, Stringer's Ok.. Now N. Coheni, Strlngor'sCk North Clunes Extension .. North Clunes Consols, Clunes Oriontal. Clunos Pegleg, Bendigo Quoen Victoria, Canadians Sandy Creek, Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla .. South Cohen's, Stringers 8th. Scotchman, Pleasant Ck. Trojan, Blackwood .. Tubal Cain, Stringer's Victoria Reef, Bendigo Victoria, Gordons .. Wellesley, Egerton .. White Horse. Egerton 17-17J , 253.-30S,. 3Î--4 61-61 U-1'3 203-218. 3?3? Printed and published by Huon OKORO;, at TUK AnauB Office, Coilins-strcot, Melbourne, fer Wiwo-J and MACKINNON, proprietors. 