Sl!tC;(i|ornamtlcL*!u;onii:lc ?TUB LAUKCBSTOS TIHSS.' Let it be Imprased upon your minds— let It be In stilled Into your cliilitrcn, (tut tub Lmaiirr or mi rant Is (he palladium otallt ic c Til. iinlln. cal, andrcllgioua riglitsotu EngH.limsn.Jc rjaiarr with danger is lobe preferra! totlarerv with ccurity.— Saucbt. All oommnnlcttonitotlie Eaitor (or Insertion In the Ginwall Chronicle must be aotbentlcatei by thensme anil addresnol the writer, not necessarily far pnhlleatlon, bat an a Raarantee of good faith. Correspondents must write distinctly, and on one side oltlie paper only. We do not Identity ourselves wltb the opinions of onroorrerpondent' ectnn nn e a e r« re oommiin ea Mokdav, 25tr Arna. Whek in the month of February, 1809, we wrote jn connection with the railway question tbat the 'cloven foot' liar) begun ' to sbow itsolf under the official robe,' and when at a later period of the year ire took npon ourselves to ridicule the ministerial railway policy us a mere expedient to stove off the question, and to weather the session successfully, we were not very far wrong. Taking the tone of the leading ministerial journal of the 6outh as nn indication of the opinions of ministers themselves, wo hare overwhelming proof of the correct ness of our judgment in the evident chagrin of the party at the threatened success of their own act. They are in terror at the bare idea of the grand ministerial proposal being accepted, and the tfcreurg urges that 'so groat is the change of circumftances now, (dot, if the Government arc not committed by anything Cnptain Audley Coote has done with their sanction, we Iiope they trill hesitato ere they finally close any bargain on the condition sanctioned by Pnrlinmenf, who, trero thnt body now nffonlci! an opportunity of deliberating on the matter, might deem it better to sare the £300,000, by the colony itself undertaking tbe work.' In tho interests of the Government the same journal set Utclf deliberately to oppose this argn mont when it was urged by us little more than eight nionthB ago, pointing out Ihat.for lite mere sake of opposition, we would sacrifice the best interests of the colony. The ministerial proposal was then the most ' bold, practical, and comprehensive ; the most feasible scheme that hnd yet been sugga-tod for the ac r-omplifchment of a great public object,' nnd any one who dared to raise un argument against it was of consequence dwlared a traitor to tho best interests of the country. Wo wero content to live under that stigma. Long beforo the Dry-Chapman Government came into office we expressed our opinion on the main line railway question, and we have never seen the slightest reason to alter or vary our views. Hud the course ad. voenteil by us boen adopted with rea sonable expedition, tbo railway would have been about finished by this time, and wo might have hcen contemplating onrfirstride.instcad of wrangling as to tbc best means of entering upon the undertak ing. As regards the ' change of cir cumstances' to which our contemporary alludes as having occurred ainco the passage of tho Ministerial measure, we repeat our denial of it, so far as tho material prospects of the colony are con cerned. A few days ago, our contem porary announced tint the gold disco vcrics which have taken plare since, affmd a Hiflicicnt reason why Govern ment should repudiate Iht'ir policy, and ro in for the railway as a national work. This argument we fully and ofioctnnlly disposed of by lengthy quotations from our conlenipomryV own writings, whoroiu tllo anticipated discovery of these very gold fields nns advanced fl' the chief rrason nliv the Mmistorinl KcliPiiio should be Bcc-*p!ed, ( lur con temporary, in reply, fbvs he dow not believe in 'silly charges of incon sistency ;' ho has persistently ndvocnted ' a rnilwny seheuie,' nuil, front the tenor of recent articles, is willing to support any that may bo proposed. He prefers the ' practicable to the impracticnhle,' aud, ' under a sufficient change of sur rounding circumstances, would accede to a chnnge of policy.' In plnin terms, our contemporary is whnt we have shown him to be, a deliberate trimmer, ready to support any schemo or expedi ent the present Government may sug gest ; prepared, if the present Ministry nre willing, to adopt a national rail way policy, to support them in it, and to recant ever}' argument ho used against it v.lten advocating their policy of last session ; or to sup port them in carrying out thnt policy fhould they so determine, after hearing the wonderful negotiations of Captain Audlvy Coole. What a comfort it must bo to ' our practical matter of fact Treasurer ami Iiis associates' to liavo a thick nnd thin supporter of this kind always at their bade, ready to cram the public as to the ' bold, practical, nnd comprehensive' character of all their 'ex- pedients' — and yet we fancy ministers must have occasional misgivings. Tito ability to 'turn, and turn, aud turn, and still go on and turn ngain,' is wonder fully convenient so long as tho tumn nre always made ronnd the right comer; but in view of his own accomplishments as a |wjitical teetotum, it is probable that even Thomas Daniel Chapman may have occasional doubts rcspoctinc; the trustworthiness of supporters, who, in January, 18fi9, told tho public that they 'failed to recognise in him any indications of abilities as a financial statesman, or as one whose policy will direct the minds, tbe energy, nnd tho industry of the country,' or who, on another occasiou, informed him that he 'had displayed in bis management of tile public acconnts the talents of a care full accountant. But we look in vain for a statcfman- likc foster ing of our resources, or the result of any prudent lorcthotight or careful calculations, which am induce us to rely with any confidence in his fnlure cstimat'6.' As in tho caso of the rail way policy eo in the case of tho Colonial Treasurer, 'changes of rjrcnirjstonces' may have induced our contemporary to alter his views, and we feel snre he will not be deterred by nny ' silly charge; of inconsistency,' from discovering another ' change of circumstances,' and jumping Jim Crow again to-morrow should occasion require it. Meanwhile, however, our contemporary pledges him self to support any railway scheme (mark the word) proposed by the pre sent ministry conic sue coute — and when tho mysterious Captain Andley returns from England we shall doubtless learn what tho next expedient is to be. ifeanwbilc onr contemporary is anxions to saddle us if possible with the respon sibility of tbe makeshift of lost session, and says : — ' Rfen of large and com prehensive views bad to compromise with men of more confined notions ; and tho objection, founded on tbe mis management and experience of Victoria, that if Government undertook tho work, there was no knowing what a Main Line would cost, was felt to be of so much importance that the 6chcme was propounded of giving a specific bonus to any Company that would construct, maintain, and work a railway connecting HobnrtTownnnd Launceston, 'and again: ' It is said that the offer of a bonus is cither an acknowledgment of tho ina bility of (ho Colony to construct a rail way, or an assumption that tbe capital ists of England, whose assistance we seek, are fools if tli cy would advance their money on works that we aro afraid to undertake, knowing they will not pay. Such reasoning is very ungracious on the part of those who now urge it. The bonus plan was adopted in the hope of securing something like unanimity by studying their notions, and now they turn on it as an evidence of Colonial inability or dishonesty.' We unhesi tatingly deny that our notions were ever in any way studied in tho proposal of the bonut scheme. From the first we have held it to be the paramount duty of Government to initiate and to carry out (not a scheme), but a National Railway policj, based upon an intelli gent estimate of the lesources and capa bilities of the colony. We hare opposed all their schemeB and expedients, and we stand in opposition to them now, becansc we believe they hive no appre ciation of the responsibilities and duties of their position, because they havo no 6ound or comprehensive policy, and he cause they arc ever ready to tem porise and to compromise with men of' confined notions,' who Bland in a minority among the, community, and to sacrifice the grand interests of the coun try to the interests of party. It is in the Ministry itself the men of most ' confined notions' reside. Mr. Chap man was the man who sought, by raising tho old intcritt hob-goblin, to stifle the Main Lino Itailway movement, tho late Attorney-General was the man who sup ported him ; and it was not until it became perfectly clear that tho last session of Parliament conM not bo com fortably got through without the intro duction of sonic railway measure, that the wrcteherl expedient of the £300,000 bonus was bit upon and carried. Tho Ministry lacked the courage to introduce a national railway policy us they lacked tbe courage to propound a general public works policy, even after pledging themselves to do eo nt ihe elections. Tho whole period of their rule has been one of retrogression, nnd would hare been one of positive ruin but for Ihe occurrence of certain circumstances which were beyond their control, and which, even when they did occur, they havo shown no disposition to encourage or to take advantage of. We believe Tasmania is cursed by an incapable Ministry, and, in spite of the advocacy of onr contemporary, that, eo far as they are concerned, the Main Line Railway is as far off as ever ; indeed, we shall not be surprised tc find the whole ques tion remitted to tho country at tbo gene ral elections in 1871. In writing thns wo havo no party interest to serve : indeed, there is only one organised political party in (be country, for Ministers boiigfit up most of the leaders of the Opposition long ago. We nre tbo supporters of mm el/rM, not of men ; for years wo have advocated a national railway policy, and tbc conttrnction of tbe Main Lino Rail way upon rationaVprinciples. The Go vernment lias, so far, succeeded in burk ing tliBt policy, and despite our contem porary's advocacy, we can no longer put faith in them. We now seek to arouse that which ministers and our contempo rary alike fenr.thohonesj end determined expression of public opinion. Before bitch a trilmnnl the adncates nf expe diency trill shrink and qiail as all vacil lating and pretentious s-hemnrs shrink anil qnnil before straighUoi-ward honesty of pur|OBc. Wo have ni clasn iutrrcsts to servo, no faction to support, no needy place hunters to mniuUir in office. We ilo not fawn or snivi'l, nr piny Ihe syciplmnt before (h'.'c win happen to be in high places, changing nir tactics da- by day at the bidding of our masters. We hnvo one grand duty to perform, one high nnd nnqucstionnble policy to main tain, namely, the advancement of the material prospects of Tasmania, nnd the upholding of the civil political and re ligious rights of Tasmanians. That duty wo shall strive faithfnlly to perform in the face of nil opponents. IurnovnMF.STs in agriculture should always ho hailed willi satisfaction by those wlto prof ss an interest in Uic wel fare of the country, and wo are happy to sny thnt more attention is beginning to bo paid by our fnrmers to tho various methods of cultivating the soil than has been Iwstmvrd during manv years past. This is nttrihnluhlc chieflyto the stern decrees of necessity, bnt in no smalt de gree to the influence, of our agricultural exhibitions, and the free circulation of newspapers, which aro over urging npon tho farmers Hits advisability of adopting scientific modes of cultivation, and ruo; cresting methods for making three blades of gross grow where only one grew before. Many a good crop may bo traced to tbo 'wrinkle' which its owner derived from tbo perusal of bis newspaper, and this is one of the indirect advantages the country enjoys from tho free circulation of the broadsheets and the periodicals which aro sent by every mail from the great centres of scientific and practical knowledge. Tinw was, when Tasmanian farming might be sum marised under three heads — ploughing, sowing, and reaping j and those pro cesses were continued joar after year nrlil the land, weary of perpetual pro duction without compensation, became thoroughly exhausted, nnd refused longer to bring forth its increase. Many a farmer in this colony has been mined, simply by his continuation of the ex hausting process, and has gone off to grumble at the climate, tho soil, tho rust, smut, or take-all — anything, in fact, except his own stupidity or igno. ranee, which have boen really nt the bottom of all his (roubles. Prom tho result of recent agricultural exhibitions, we arc glad lo notice that a reform is taking place in the systems of agriculture pursued in many parts of the country, aud thnt success, attested by henry and valuable crops of cereals obtained from lands which had been abandoned as useless or worn out, is creating a spirit of enquiry and in ducing attention to -other methods of cultivating than the particularly primi tive operations to which we have re ferred. Among other matters, manuring is being better attended to. Farmers arc finding out that (lie lands of Tas mania require a stimulant to maintain (heir fertility ; they cannot follow the example of (be farmer of the American prairies, who, when bis dung heap beside his homestead bocomes inconveniently large, is said to remove his house to some other place in preference to having the trouble of spreading the manure on his lands. After repeated croppings tlio fertility of our soils becomes entirely exhausted, and science must step in to aid in keeping the land in a healthy condition. The number of gnonb-ladcn teams which we have lately 6ecn passing through tho streets, is a sign that far mers aro beginning to appreciate the necessity of returning lo tho earth some of those propcities they am continually withdrawing from it, and with such ex amples beforo them as late exhibitions have afforded, (Jtey will bo foolish in deed if they fail to grasp the advantages within their reach. In the Norfolk Plains, Crcssy, nnd Bishopsbourne dis tricts, especially, the use of gnano is now becoming very general as a pre paration for grain crops, and the yield derived even from lands that were eaid to be exhausted, has been in some in stances very large. We know of cases this season where over 40 bushelsof wheat per acre have been reaped under the influence of gnano, and from 32 to 33 bushels may bo set down as nu average crop from lands which, previous to the introduction of this manure, could barely bo made to yield from 8 to 10 bushels per acre. There arc many, we know, who will not admit the efficacy of guano, on account of various instances in whic'.i it has failed as a fertiliser, but theso arc narrow- minded individuals whose sphere of vision does not travel beyond cffectK; if they would take the trouble to inves tigate causes, they might soon become more enlightened. To render gnano successful in its effect, it must be pro perly applied to the land. It is a very common tiling to see it thrown on broad cast, without any reference to weather or fitness of time for tbo operation. Nothing could be more injudicious than to sow this manure in Euch a way. It shonld be put down iu calm weather, and as far as can be judged, with tbe probability (hat rain will soon follow ; if sown broadcast in dry weather, it will be cer tain to disnppoint in its results. In England the most successful method of using gnauo has been foand to be by drilling, or applying it in a diluted state. Tho land should be perfectly clean and well tilled, and free from prolific weeds, snch as sorrel, stonewced, or mother maurn— —wo give the popular names as more likely to be understood. If these exist to any extent, they will certainly be reproduced luxuriantly in the guano dressed soil, to the destruction of valuable crops. On sorao light soils His advantageous to plough in the seed and gUftuotogeUrer,bQt these are matters upon which the farmer must be guided by the experience of others in bis dis trict, or failing this, by tbo exercise of a reasonahlo judgment on his own account. We believe Unit summer fallow, or follow crops and guano, or some other manure rich in ammonia and the phos phates, are the true remedies for poor land, and that where judiciously applied success will attend flic opera tions of tho agriculturist. We re commend guano especially because of the easy terms on which it is now ob tainable, and because the vendors are willing to receive paymont in the wheat which tho gunno produces. The nbovo remarks must be understood to apply sololy to lands which have been farmed for jears, end the fertile properties of which have, through injudicious man agement, become exhausted. There nre, however, in Tusinnnin, many tlionssnrii of acres of rich agricultural soil still in a slate of nature, where the husband man may profitably pursue his avoca tion for years, without the slightest artificial aid. In the magnificent dis tricts of the Devon, Bingnrooma, nnd Scoltsdale, wo have seen splendid crops growing upon land that bad never been touched with (lie plough, the seed hav ing been merely chipped in with a hoe, after the trees had been rang, in the middle of primeval forests. Such lands aro coveted by many of our agricul turists aud by immigrants, bnt Guvoro nicnt has placed oxtrnordinnry impedi ments in tho way of procuring them, and the almost total absence of lYinds renders communication will) lit markets exceedingly difficult. All lint is wanted lo reimily this state of tbiiws i- an influx of population, and tht' arrival of n. few humlred n^rricultuni ccttW* would soon ullcr Ihe nni.liti.-n of nflairs. Tasmania presents ntttnetions to such people well worthy their atten tion, and we hope ere long to sec them come forward, and occupy tbe rich lands which await them. KxnaiTAinicKT »T KviKDUii.— On Wed nesday evening last a proml ntuBlcol enter tainment wns given at Evanrklo, under the mannRoment of Mr J. II. Mclvyn, for tlie benefit of tho Morven Agricultural Society Garden fund. As tve have previously ex plained, it Is Intended to IfcT out the grounds surrounding the exhibition irJMinp, and till* concert was alvoo to assist in providing the requisite funds. A large number of visitors from LaunccBlonanrl tlie Htirroulldlng districts were jircwnt, and the snaclnus hall was crowded toclccss. Tho cliair waR occupied by the Her. Uobert Russell, and the per formers were nearly all pupils of Mr Mcl vyn, and included the members of the Orpheus Union, whose, marked progress In the vocal art will the theme of genera! remark. The programme opened with a nliwoforlo duct, 'Tancrcdl,' exquisitely plajca by lite Miss.'i Fall, whose performances unve ?i often delighted the residents of the losallty. The duet was loudly applauded. Next came a vocal quartette, 'Oft ivlici) nigh''*,' by Uic members of the OrpheUB Union, which afforded admirable scop: for the display of Mr Mdvyn'i line tralnlnjf. The piece was splendidly sunn and enthusi astically received by the audience. The song, « I TOtild I vetc a boy ogam,' iras given with admirable effect by a gentleman amateur, and then a lady amateur Bang the plaintive ballad, ' Com bide to Krin;' this was bo pleasingly rendered, that a voicifcrouq fnrorr was demanded, to which the young lady kindly responded. A gentleman ama teur next read the ' Seven ages of man,' from the comedy of ' As you like it.' The reader luu coniidcraulc skill, and tlie piece was received with loud plnudlu. Mr J. II. Mclvyn, who was received with much applause, mag tbc ' Qaeon'g Letter/' and on an encore being demanded, bo gave « My own, my guiding Star.' The first por tion of the programme was concluded by vocal quartettes— 'The Chapel' and 'Danish , oh Maiden,' by members of the Orpheus Union, aliiy assiitcd Iiy Mr Melvyn. Tltcsc were well rendered, and received with much applause. Tho second part opened with 'I/Italians in Algeria,' by the Mlraw Fall, brilliantly executed. 'The Seller,' a part song by the Orpheus Union, was exceedingly good. 'The Vulgar little Boy,' by Jlr Israel, was inltlmablc, and elicited rom of laughter. Ballad—' Sliver Shining Moon,' by Mr Melvyn, was rang In Iiis usually mas terly Btylc, and met with unbounded applause ; an rncorr being vociferously demanded, Mr Melvyn gave ' Hark, I hear en Angel sing',' pianoforte and flute accompaniments by a lady and gentleman amateurs, with thrilling effect. The trio—' Tbe Jfjujrio wove Scarf ,' was most effectively sung by Mr Mclvyn and a lady nnd gantlcnun amateurs. The progreuimc u-os concluded bv the Orphcu' Union singing vocal quartettes— 'Blue Bell, of Scotland' and 'Soldiers Love,' which were loudly applauded. Tbe audience were throughout attentive and ap preciative, a pretty fair warranty of the diameter of the entertainment. A corres pondent, writing of tltlfl entertainment, says : — 'Our penny readings arc now about to commence, and we trust will! the kind assis tance occasionally of our Launccston friends, we shall be able to afford much pleasure to the Inhauftaotff In and about Kvandaledurfng the winter evenings.' Tut Wusntuav JUffle. — The raffle for two horses, given in aid of tile building fund of the Church of the Holy Trinity, Woslbury, came oft* on Monday last, on the Church ground. The holders of (lie winning tickets were John M'Nair, of Moraine, who turned up the highest number, 48, for the bay horse, and John Ellis, of Launecslon, who threw the highest number, 44, for the brown horse, The raffle waa conducted by Messrs. Burke and Carmody in a most satisfactory manner. Both horses arc tone from Wcstbury, al though many of the good folks tried hard to win them ; all, however, seemed pleased, as they did not win themselves, that they should have fallen to tho lot of two men so generous and kindheartcd Ev»M)ii,v:. — On Wednesday lost, 20lli inst., this pretty little township was all niire with pleasure suckers anxiotu to enjoy tbeir Easter bolidayt. At three o'clock in the afternoon the members of the Morven Work ing Men's Benefit Society, preceded by a baud from Livnccston, attended divine ser vice at the Episcopal Church, when a really impressive and appropriate sermon was prcaclicd to them by tbe Rev. A. N. Mason, Incumbent. After perambulating the vil lage, they, with their wives and families, drank tea In the new pavillion lately erected under the auspices of the Agricultural So ciety Hcv. It. Russell, president, took the chair, supported on right and left bv the Revs. Mason and Fookcs. After plentifully partaking of ' the cup that cheers, hut not inebriates' the Bccrctary, Mr A. II. Uoyd, rend tho report for last rear, which was of a most satisfactory character, showing a. bal ance in the Union Bank of £195 lo the credit of the B-iBociation, an announcement which was received witn tremendous cheers. After votes of thanks, most sincerely deserved, to the honorary officers, the company quictlr dispersed to avail themselves, at a later hour of the evening, of attending the concert ad vertised to be held nt the Council Chamber, under the able management of Mr J. II. Mclvvo. In your correspondent's opinion, this last was one of the best conducted, as well us one of the most satisfactory vocal aud instrumental entertainments he has had the pleasure of attending in thin colony. Mikiho ix Ta«m»ma.— The Melbourne Herald saye : — It appears thnt our neigh bours across the Straits are at last belli; aroused to take some notice of their mineral wealth. In addition to the recent payable discoveries of gold In alluvial ground at tbc Piper's River and Back Creek, and in quanc reefs at Watcrliouse and Fingal, we nre in formed by Mr William Clarke, who lu» just returned from an Inspection of the locality, that rich silver ore exists in considerable quantity nor the month of the Penguin Creek, on tbc Korth-weit Coast. Tbc de posit is in a lode of about Sft. thick, and is known by Qerman miners ob Fohlcrx, or argontifcrous grey copper. Some species of the arc were brought orcr hr Mr Clarke, and upon analysis gave at the rate of 76o*. 12dwt. of silver per ton of ore ; nnd a vein of lead on the same ^property, and running parallel with the silver lode, give at tbc rate of lTot. 16dwt. of silver per ton of ore, and 65 per ccut of lead. A compauy, principally TaBtuanUn, la being formed to work Uic mine. Alleged afrmD&R; at Deloraikk. — Ru- mours have been prevalent here since Satur day evening of a murder of another wife by her husband, at Dcloralnet; but we have not been able to trace it to any authentic source. The Superintendent of rolicc has received no information respecting any recent out rage at Dclorainc, and he has no reason to believe this rumour to have any foundation infect. KAKoinoo Point ntQATTA.— The nc gatta-propcr took- place on Friday, having been postponed from Sfonday In consequence of the wet wialher. It will be rcmcmlicrat thnt tho first race on the progmnune — tho Dingy Itaoe— for youths under ltf, enmc off on Mun iny, ouinK (o tiie ilnnn crew wlahhig to return home. That left five to Ii; l.'ler mlncd. viz.,— Skiff, Salllnp;, an 1 l'lintr, Kaccs, Dislria Purse Ifora, aud n luce open to all. I*''! tl'osc eventb, prizes tu tin' fur entry fur flic fitli rwx tin* cclairi?.]. The Skiff lta« .km won hy Diyqiriui: (W. Martin) i the District Puree, l)y Hie Villugv Bcllci tailing Hunts Race, Voting H/ilmof, cutter, 1st; Garibaldi, 2nd. The race to be run aver again next day to test the Bailing qualitloBOl tlisboatUfShouhl there be a bet ter wind. The Allcomers Kacc,aptii to all. was won by the Hippie; Udy Franklin, 2nl. Tlwre »we no enlrtt* tor the 1'uiilo Jtaoo aud the Committee llacc having been put off, the Allcotncm llacc concluded tlie dnv's eport, and about five o'clock 'tlie visitor* began to leave the ground. Sn.VF.n Ciiau-PSCOE Ctr.— The tenth com petition for the silver clialicligp cup wo* Kimpletcd on Saturday, this time leaving Mr T. Doolnn (lie '.winner nt Ihe medium score of 52 pofn(9. Tin: firing van com menced on Wednesday, unil Icrittuutcd ou Saturday. We subjoin the entire score for botli days:— 200 3U0 400 500 yds. )?-!-. yds. yds. Til. J. Irvine ? 8 3 0 6 82 T. Doolan ? 12 11 17 12 61! U. Ferrall ? 14 9 11 C 411 II. Dcckcs ? 13 4 10 7 31 II. Cleaver ? 10 2 111 G 26 T. Prosscr ? IS 10 4 7 30 J. L. Doolao ? )3 8 1! 9 4! (5. Fltlgcrald ? 6 2 7 0 14 G. Eastlicr ? 11 8 12 4 35 t-. Shields ? IS 8 10 III 43 F. Ildy ? 12 12 9 C 30 Special Umlwav Tuik to the Aom cnLTrnAi. Snow at Wkstimibv. — As ntatcd In our last issue, the contractors of the Western luillway, with the consent of the engineers, have consented to run a Epcciit! train for passengers desiring to visit the Autumn Agricultural Show of the Western Agricultural Association, at Wcttbury, on Wednesday. This will ndd largely to Ihe attendance at the exhibition, as Ihe train Mill call at r.vnndale, Perth, and Longford for passengers. The train will leave the launccston station nt 10 o'clock, Kvandalc at 10-30, Perth ut IIND, and I/ingford nt 10-50, and will leave Wcstbury on the return trip ut 3-30 p.m. Tickets to lie olilained at the ofllec of Messrs. Ovcrend and ltobh dur ing office hours to-day and to-morrow, and at Kvaudalo road, Perth, and Longford, on arrival of the train at these place*. MttTDAL iMI-ltOVKSIEKT AfBOrl ATIOX.— A t the annual meeting of this nsmclnlion held on Friday evening, at the Mechanics Ilisti it was resolved that cadi ineinlicr of Ihe association must first be a meui'j^r of the Institute. The subscription wns fixed nt n triflingamount, as the incidental cxp?-Hcti will be small. Abraham lUrrctt, K-q., .1.1'. was re-elected President and Mr F.C.H Dean RecrelJUy and treasurer. Several mem bers were appointed a manuring commit luc and it wo* arranged that n meeting nf the association be held on 1'Viilny evening nevt, for the purpose of preparing a programme for a dramatic entertainment, proposed to he given iu aid of the Buildiug Fund of the Mechanics Institute. Mil WAI.TEU DOI'UI.AS AT THE MrXIIAKir Institute. — Mr Douglas, who lins hcltl special services at tlie Temperance Hall each evening except Saturday lost week, preached to a congregation numbering about five hun dred, at the Mechanics' Institute, last nlghl lie read about twenty letters he hud received ou and Bincu Friday from penitents express ing gratitude for having found pence in Christ. Mr Douglas chose for his subject the 20th chapter of Revelations from (lie 1 1th verse to the end of the chapter, and he preached a most impressive sermon upon it. A large number of the congregation went up lo the platform to converse with Mr Tlouglas after the close of the Bervioe. Mr Douglas is to preach at the Temperance Hnl) each evening during the week, Satur day cxccptcd. TnKATBK UoVAi..-MiBs Kate Wnrdo has Huccccdod, in a remarkably brief space of time, in making arrangements for opening the Theatre Royal this evening, with one of the best Bclcct«d dramatic and burlesque com panies we have hnd here since that which accompanied Lndy Don. The piece selected for the opening night is the dramatic version of Mrs. Henry Wood's thrilling modern ronmucc, ' Kast Lynnc,' in which the accom plished Udy Isabel Vane, who first abandons her home andcli[ldrcn,is sonllorcdby iujurics sustained in a railway accident, from which she is supposed to have died, that she is enabled to return to her home and serve iuit as Madame Vine, a governess, unrecognised by her husband and the second wife he has married, supposing his first LAdy Isabel Vane to have died in France. Miss Kate Wardc has reaped her brightest laurels in sustaining the difficult dual character of the elegant Lady Isabel Vane and the broken-hearted, maimed, disguised, spectacled Madame Vine, who sits at the bedside of her dying child day and night without dnring to uanc her bursting heart by making known to the child, who is asking her so often about hU mother, that his own mother Bits beside him. East Lvnnc is a remark able talc — as strange on any in the wide field of romance, and yet the plot contains nothing impossible or supernatural! on the contrary, ft is full of the every day incidents and dialogue of the present day. It has been very ably dramatised by Dion Bou clmnll, nnd Miss Kate Warde Is the best representative of the ill-fated heroine at present In the colonies. IU Henry Edwards, whoplnycd logo to Mr G. V. Brooke's Othello, hereto credltAbly,soinc ten years ago, is stago manager of the new bum- company, and with such guarantees for success as these, and the presence of Miss Julia Harvard, Mn Crofton Falhcrley, Miss Clam Wilton, Miss Seymour, Miss Kate Vlnson, Messrs. Tom Ilurton, ficorgc Bromley, Frank Lloyd, George Wcs ton, Master John Fatherley, and other cele brities, Miss Kate Wnrdc's success as lessee of the Theatre Iloyal, during the coming dramatic season is certain. IlDbart Town papers we learn that a pros peeling association lias been formed iu that city for Uic purpose of testing the country lying between Jlobart Town and Port Darpjr and Macquaric ILurbour. The Merrurt/ says ~-Mr Arabiu, who is agent for the promo ters. Is well known In connection with the gold discoveries un tbc north side of (he island, nnd thono to be Bent out arc practical and successful explorers, and under such management we may fairly expect a success ful issue. Pr.nTii. — On Easter Day, morning and evening, thanksgiving ncrviccs for the late abundant harvest were held nt St. Andrew's Church inthii townihip. The Incumbent preached on both occasions to full congre gations. It Is almost an impossible utsk to make the old church look anything festive on account of its peculiar ntructure, but on this occasion It certainly looked id belt. Sheaves of wheat and. oata were plentifully arranged about the Mldlng, Interspersed with Illuminated texts ot Holy Scripture, and bouquets of flowers. Appropriate hymns were noanJJy «ung by the choir and congrc gatlon. marks ns to Vic prolinbilily uf nn attempt being mfle UMt Ewslnu nf l'urllaiicnl lo impose n lax on newspapers piling through tho post, have excited nttcnlion in the coun try, aii'l we '-.ear ills p.- kilile that public meetings will Ii ? held !n nom,' districts. A cor respondent writing from Stanley says : ' The country ought to cry out as lituL tlie pemy pmlnge. Slintil 1 il hi i-irr'c.l, many of jour nnntlicr meaiw i,f know ing whnt is pnss!ti|: in tin- ouliT «.-rij. We must ogilntc, and lint IniHly.' Oir r.irrrip.uidml. L (jiilu* rif.Tlii so fir, but ilii? outcry ihhsi lir mule lipfnre Hi; sei«ion nf pirliamcnl. It v.lll l-e of no use nflor the mnsiirc is car ried. If public opinion flmls proper exprcs bIiiii lieliveen nmv mid llir npe :!ng of I'.irllii incut, (lie oJianeei are lint the newspaper postage will never be proposed. Wll.i.i:rr nu: Fomn:n.— Ilonry Wlllclt, the forger, who escaped from tiic custody of the escort coiiHtahleH nu the morning of the Ulh iustmil. Immediately after leaving tbc gaol .-;? route fur Holnri Town, liy coach, has been ' heard of ' frequently nine*1. Lust «cek n eouslnble called nt Mr ThirkeU's, Formosa, in obtain stnno information re specting relume of slick nud crop, and on making a cnll nt the men's but where there were seven or eight linndn, ho noticed that one of them relired in a slinking sort of a manner ns if suspicious Hint lie might be 'wanted.' After making somo inquiries, the constable wont to look after tho modest rcllring mnm bill, nlthough nil the other ing. As the constable lin-1 no charge against the mn.u who shunned his acquaintance, and as thick gors: fences prevail on (he Formosa estate and ailord nn excellent cover for a runnvrny, he did not persevere in his search, bat went back to (he hut toouquirc from n man vholind truvellclall the way to Port Arthur, how the missing man was named. 'Oh. thnt Covet', niva the intelligent traveller. ' Thoiictit you knw'd him ; why he's Unity Wlllelt, (he forger.' And the unfeeling scamp grinned to think of tlie chagrin of lite ' countable' in missing such a flral-mte catch. Mr. Perkins, the Super intendent of police, I/ingford, lull a long chase of three days in «Mrch of Wiltctt after that ; but although he traced him to a locality nenr the Me liivcr, which Wiilett lefl only nn hour lief ore Mr. Perkins called, yet they (Ii I Hot meet. Mr. Perkins ascer tained (hat H'iliett hml taken Illiict Johnny's Bridge roule from the lake lllvor to Cnmp 1H1 Town ; and after fonvnrdlng that infor mation lo the Superintendent of I'olicc there, he give up the rime. Since then n runstnblc found Willed lying in the hush near Cleve land, and ns lie seemed fatigued (lie constable Invited him to the police-stji tion, where he said lie would give him belter qunrlers. Wiilett mid lie wns (oo (frcd to cany iiis swag (iierc, and must utav where he wns. The constable enquired where the swag -v:n. Wiilett said he liai thrown it off over (lure, as he was unable to enrry II. The constable then went In the direction Indicated, found the swag, picked (t up, and brought it back— hut the owner was hy that lime ncm -?.-(, and that emulabV till iiol overtake him that nighl— though Willctl m si much fatigued. This wns Ihe stromi hw.ii; or outfit Wiilett had lost, the fi iil li:'hB the t'lolbiiig he hnd pur elitisei Milli n iorpe-1 i-ticque from a sture kiTjKT ill UnBf.u'J iv.id ?? planted' In the bush. Th,M he left behind nt Formosa. Tin oilier »?«, lie !i:i,| also ' plnirir!' in (he bush, ami II i» believe 1 h» In? other plunder there still. Whcuhcnpplicdforcniploynicnt at Fonirisi, Mr Tlil-MI, iie:':i!t lm«y with the Ihras'iiiie:. tngnged him at once. Whether nil the men knew Willclt or not is doubtful, but most assureily (hey did not allow Mr ThTkell (o kuow he hal n nmn in his employ who was so very luucb wanted by the 'powers (hat be.' Footdai.l CLun.— The nnuual meeting of the lAunrcston Football Club, is to be held iu the drill-room of the Gymnasium, Cnmi! ron-strcet, on Wednesday evening next at half-past 7 p.m. Umos Qi-Anrr Cni.tnvn Counsr.— The ordinnrj- general meeting of the shareholders of this company, will be held nt the Me chanics' Institute this evening, at Keren o'clock, to receive repcirt of Directors, state ment of accounts, elect Directors, and for general business. ConNWAi.i. AnxTLunr liinM: Societv. — The annual meeting of the above society will be held to-morrow evening, at 7.30 p.m., in the Mechanics' Institute. LairxcrartM S: Webtriix Hailwai-.— The ordinary general lucellng of shareholders in I ii(b coiup iny will ho hcM at 3 p.m. to-morrow, at the Mechanics' Institute, to receive rcnort of directors, statement of receipts and ex penditure, nnd blance-diect for the past year, &c.; The Steam™ Pioxeeb— The Pioneer left here on her first trip hence to Circular Head and the North West Coast, on Friday morning, nntj jvjll return nn Wednesday* She will leave here on her next trip on Fri day. Sin .Tamps Fran-nunx.— The Mercury of Saturday says :— ' This gentleman, we are sorry to say, wns yesterday Buttering from neuralgia, consequent very probably on the somewhat violent exercise of ascending Mouut Wellington on Wednesdny, followed by the fatigues of n day's quail shooting at Muddy Plains on Thursday, the first day of the season. Though able to be present at the conceit In the Town-hall in the evening this attack, our rendera will regret to learn, will prevent Sir James proceeding, ns intended, to (he Upper Dcnvent, there to devote a day in the attempt to test the question of salmon In the Dcrwcnt. Sir James is lo leave Go Adelaide. He will he uccnmpanlcd ns far as Launceston by Ills Excellency Mr. DuOane, tbc lion. Mn. DuCanc, and Mr. ChicucBter (Private Secretary), who will all remain at Launccston, and see Sir James embark in the Derwont on Tuesday afternoon.' Daxciko AcADiim-.— Mr ItoberU nn nounceB that his private class for the ensu ing season lor terpsichorcan learners wilt commence to-day. The Quadrille Assembly will be held every Tuesday nnd Thursday evening. 