SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. HOBATIT TOWN. ABRIVED. Nov 4— Harriette Government schooner 40 tons Griffiths from Port Arthur with timber &c.; ! 4—Twins schooner 40 tons McKissock from Melbourne 23rd ult Swan Island 29th ult (where 20 tuns firewood was landed). Agent—Master ENTERED OUT. Nov 4—Spec brig 25S ton* Adams for Melbourne. CLEARED OCT. Nov 4—Fairy Rock brig 192 tons J h Wilkinson for Sydney NSW EXPORTS, Nov 4—Fairy Bock brig for Sydney NSW—3 bdls baskets 7 do willows Wignell 38000 palings {30 000 ft timber 550 bags of chopped bark 4 tons loose doHF Armstrong^ SAILED. Nov 4—Annie brigantine for Bockhsmpton; 4—Fairy Rock brig for Sydney N S Wi POKE OF MELBOURNE. October 29—Antiope ship from Liverpool, 12th An* gust. October 30 — Alomhagh ship from London via Plymouth 1st August fwith 412 Government Immigrants.) SAILED, October 28—Essex ship for London. PORT OP SYDNEY ARBIYCD Oct 27—Earl Dalhousie from London] PORT OF ADELAIDE JKXBXTEX> Oct 28—Carrendorochfrom London PORT OF WELLINGTON ARRIVED Oct 18 —Eledra ship from London MISCELLANEOUS SHIPPING. THE Seabird schooner and theJPrairis brig arrived at Melbourne on the 28fch nit the former from port Seymour and the latter from Taylor's Bay via Hobart Town THE Swordfish schooner from Wynyaxd Tasmania arrived at Port Phillip Heads on the 1st instant. THE whaling barque Runnymede got under weigh rom her anchorage off Crayfish Point at 3 p.m. yesterday. THE clipper barque Helen Captain Evans, be* longing to Mr Alexander McGregor of this port arrived at Port Louis, Mauritius, from Melbourne on September 17th. THE barque Velocidade Captain McNanghton arrived at Newcastle NSW, from Lyttelton If Z, on the 28th nit. THE barque Bella Vista from Hobart Town via Spring Bay, arrived at Melbourne on the 30th nit. THE Malcolm was off South Ann at sundown yesterday coming up to port. SHIPPING FOR THE MONTH. 3 The fine clipper barque Runnymede, undsr the command of Captain Hay, arrived. in port on the morning of the 25th alt, from Lotadon. She made a splendid passage of 62 days from London Docks, the quickest of the season. Captain Hay reports that he left the London Docks on Thursday August 4ih. Gravesend on the morning of the 5th,the Downs ' at midnighc oh the 6th, and the Lizard at 4 a.m. on the llth, thence until reaching lat 30 N. long 16 W. light variable winds were experienced ; met the N.E. trade winds on 20th August which were vriy light, and carried the barqne into lat 14 deg N. and long 36 deg W. on the 28th August; thence to 9 deg N. 26 aeg W. had light variable winds followed by & fresh S.W. wind on the 3lat which continued until reaching lat 4.deg. N., and lone. 20 deg, W. on the 4th September, where ths S. E. trade winds were'fallen in with ; on the 6 th September at 6 p.m. crossed the Equator in 25 deg. W.long, with alight south-east trade wind which \- carried the barque into 22 deg. S. lat.j and 31 deg Wi long jby the 14th continuing light all throughout. Thence to Gongh'a Island had ligbt moderate winds passed the island on the 21st September ; tbenee to the meridian of . Greenwich had moderate westerly winds. Crossei the meridian on the 35th September in lat. 43 deg- S„ and the Cape of Good Hope on the 28th September in 1st 43} deg. S. from the meridian of Greenwich to long. 90 deg; which, was reached on the Iltb Octobers good ran of winds was experienced from N- W. to S. "W. with moderate weather; excepting a gale on 7th 8th and -9th October winch commenced at N. W. and veered to the WS.W. On the7thinsl. a melancholy ac Client occurred. Henry Tucker able bodied seaman overbalanced himself on the rail and fell overboard and though all exertions were used to save him he was unfortunately drowned. From 90 deg. W. to the longitude of Cape Lenwin, light and moderate winds from S. W. to N. W. were encountered arid from Cape Leuwin to the Mewstone -light and mod' •rate N- and N. W. winds excepting one gale from W,S.W. which lasted a few bouts on the 22nd October. Sighted the Mewstone at 11-30 a.m. and anchored in the Cove at noon. The Runneymede is now berthed at the New Wharf where the cargo is being discharged. The barque Figaro left Hamburg on the 26th J une and on the fhh July* easterly winds and thick weather for 14 days were experienced when »the channel was cleared. Whilst proceeding down the channel Captain Schulz reported himself at Dover, and sent a boat ashore at the Isle of Wight on the 17th July. A very long passage of forty-eight days ' was made from Coxhaven to die Line, calms and light head winds being experienced. The equator was crossed in about 20deg. W- long. Very heavy adverse weather then prevailed until making the meridian of the Cape of Good Hope in lat. 36 S. 30 days from the equator. Fins variable winds and weather alternating with strong westerly breetes and N.E. N.W. to S.W. and adverse winds were fallen in with until making the island of Tasmania off the Mewstone on Tuesday morning at 5 o'cloclc. From there, southerly then northerly and Main southerly winds were met with until reaching harbour at noon on the 26th alt. The immigrants by the Figaro number in the whole 137—of whom 45 are male adults, 34 females and the remainder are children. The immigrants are of different nation* alities including English, Danish, Wurtembnrghers, Prussians, and Germans proper. We were informed by Dr Benson that there were only four cases of scurvy on board, one female child suffering from marasmus likely to die, and - two or three other cases of slight indisposition. A private telegram was received in town on the 25th ult that the Countess of Seafleld belonging to Messrs Crosby and Co. of this port, was totally wrecked on the 2nd of Augnst in Torres Struts, The whole of the crew were saved and conveyed to Java. The barqne sailed from Hobart Town under the command of Captain Pearce son of one of the owners, on the 23rd Jnne 1870. arrived at Newcastle N-S.JV., loaded with coal, and sailed thence on the 14th July for Mauritius. The barque St Brycedale, which had been lying in port for some months, has been purchased during the month by Messrs Crosby and Co, for, we under' stand. .£3,400. The barque sailed on the 14th ult for Mauritius. 