SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. HOBART TOWN. COASTERS IXWARJ), Cape Pigeon, Pittwater, produce; Speedwell, Oyster. Core , firewood; Iris Barne*'Bay, firewood, ARRIVED. ; •• -. October 26—Annie, brigaratine 206; tons, .Ikin, from Launceston, 18th inst.—Agent, Capt. Fisher. 26—Figaro,- North German barque - -346-tons, Schulz, from Hamburg, 25th Juoe. Passengers, cabin—Mrs Marie Batbge, Miss Laura Bathge, and Mr C. Casauben. Steerage passengers—45 men, 34 women, 24 male, 28 female children under '• 12 years, 6 children underone year—Agent, AskiniMormoru CLEARED OUT. ! . October 26.—Eucalyptus barque, 174 tons, B£d> die, for Melbourne. ...SAILED: October:26—Union,' brig, for Lyttelton, N.Z. IMPORTS. , October26—Annie,brig»Dfcuie, from Launceston 230bags wheat Fisher j 2_u0 bags barley Webster, EXPORTS, £ October-26.—Eucalyptus barque, for .-Melbourne _55,Od6ft timber 21O00 Sft ,palings 130006ft do Belbin and Dowdell. • r , LOW HEADS. (By .Electric Telegraph.) AKBITBD. \- - October -26.—Doon, barque,-from Mauritius, MISCELLANEOUS SHIPPING. • THE barqneFigaro, a handsome looking vessel of346 tons register, flying tbe .North O^rman.flag, arrived in port andcast anchor In the stream a long distance from the wharf about 1 p.m. yesterday. This is tiie second vessel bringing German Immigrants which has reached onr .shores from Germany. The barque' is painted green,her masts rake well aft, and"her hues -give promise_pf good sailing!qualities. The ownerp.of jthis smart barque are H. W^Koihne & Co but she has been chartered fortius voyage by Messrs Slobman the owners of, the,, North German barque Victoria,"now lying ' 'in "this port The Figaro Vas• built 'at-Oldenburg and was classed A A 1 French Veritas 10 years with a star. -The barque is only 7 years old and having been admirably constructed it is intended on her next voyage home to reelassher.. Early yesterday caorping a . barque 'was signalled off Adventure Bay and some excitement was manifested as to wbat vessel it would -prove to be. At 1035'i.m/ the usual Immigrant -flag' was hoisted at the Battery and it^ras at ,once conjectured that it was 'the Figaro barque Stfiose Ibog passage had igiven 'rise to many surmises < as to her safety. Shortly .after noon coming up. with a strong southerly fair wind she anchored in the.-cove outside of the Victoria. Before reaching her anchorage ground, she was boarded Jgr the health] officer, Dr Benson, in the harbour master'-s boat.- According-to custom the-main-yard yv-aa .laid aback until.the boat was alongside; •presently the yards were again squared ahd the barque,' nnder reduced canvas, passed the Victoria on tbe port side and dropped her anchor a considerable distance to windward of her. Mr Solly accompanied by Mr Reese, Government Interpreter and the representatives «f the press, boardedjtbe" Figaio .as soon as she came to anchor, aud inspected the accommodation of tbe vessel and the immigrants. W« were informed J>y..J)r Benson that there .were only four cases of scurry on board, one Ifemale child suffering from marasmus likely to die, and two or three other cases of slight indisposition. Onr repotter.obu.ined the following particulars from Captain Schulz ss to his voyage.—The barque Figaro left Hamburg on the 25th June gnd proceeded to Gluckstadt which it may be mentioned JB situated about 30 miles from Hamburg on the Elbe On the 9th July left Glnckstadt and proceadad/to sea, and easterly winds and thick weatherfor 14 days were experienced when the channel was cleared.: Whilst proceeding down the channel Captain Schulz reported himself at Dover, and sent a boat ashore at the Isle of Wight on the 17th July. A very long passage of forty«eight days was made from Cuxhaven to the Line, the progress of the shin being retarded by calms and light bead, winds which were accompanied by fine weather. The equator was crossed in about 20deg, West long. Veiy. heavy adverse weather then prevailed until making the meridian of the Cape of Good Hope in lafc ; 38 S, 30 days from the equator. Fine variable winds and weather alternating with strong westerly breezes and N.E., N.W. fcoS.W. and adverse winds were fallen in with until making the island of Tasmania offtheMewstone on Tnesday morning at 5 o'clock. From there Southerly then Northerly and again Somherly winds were met with until reaching harbour. The immigrantsby.the Figaro nnmberin the whale 137—of whom 45 are mala adults, 34 females and the remainder are children. The immigrants are of different nationalities including English, Danish, Wartemburghers, Prussians, and Germans'proper.' The' generality of the immigrants have behaved themselves remarkably well on the voyage; but a small proportion of them have been very troublesome to-the captain and his officers. We are informed that as soon as the immigrants leave the vessel, she 7 will be slipped for the purpose of having her copper stripped, and new sheets of copper whichshehas on.: board bong supplied. ^ ... THE brigantine Annie, Captain Hun, arrived in port and hauled alongside the T.S.N. Company's wharf at noon yesterday. Captain Ikin reports that he left launceston on the Igth inst.. and cleared the Heads at 11 a.m. on the same day. Experienced light north and north-east winds with thick weather. Bounded Cape Pillar at 4 a.m. on Saturday; at 5 a m a heavy gale from the westward sprung up which drove the vessel out to »BS.. Sighted the Friars at 3 a,m. on Tuesday and experienced moderate south-west winds to port. THE brig Union, Captain B. H. Evans, sailed, yesterday morning at an early how for Lyttelton K.Z. THE London barque finnnymede will, after painting, cleaning ship, &c; , take up the berth at the New Wbarf vacated by the North German barque Victoria where she will discharge ber large general cargo from London. THE North German barque Victoria, Captain Redlich, cast ofE her moorings at the New Wharf yesterday morning and proceeded under fore-and-aft canvas to the stream where the anchor was dropped, and where she will remain until further intelligence is received of the progress of the war between France and Prussia. We understand the Victoria was originally chartered for Batavia and thence home. THE barque Eucalyptus, Captain Riddle, cleared out yesterday with a full general cargo of produce for Melbourne, and will sail from the harbour to-day. WE learn by a private telegram received in town yesterday that the Countess of Seafield belonging to Messrs Crosby and Co., of this port, was totally wrecked on the 2nd of August in Torres Straits. The whole of the crew were saved and conveyed to Java. It will be remembered that the barque sailed from Qob&rt; Town under the command of Captain Pearce, son of one of the owners, on tbe 23rd June 1870, arrived at Newcastle N.S.W., loaded with coal, and'satled tbence ou the I4th July for Mauritius. IMPOT-HCANT DECISION —A decision of considerable importance, involving, as it does, the question of liability of Shipowners for ocean borne goods when entered in bond, hf s recently been rendered by tbe Supreme Court of the United States. It appears that an importer of this city brought an action against the Liverpool, New Tork, and Philadelphia Steamship Company to recover the value of one of 23 cases of merchandise shipped from Ireland to this port. The duties were not paid, bat the goods were entered in bond by Consignee for a designated n. warehouse, and permit delivered to a carman, who usually performed plaintiff's cartage, and was at the same time a licensed United States Customs carman. The usual notice of unloading of the ship was published and brought home to both the Consignee and Customs authorities. The whole 23 cases were proved to have been delivered over the vessel's side on the usual wharf, and were checked both by a clerk of defendants' and one or two ustoms officers who were stationed there, and the spoils were virtually placed under the tatter's control and direction. One of the cases was subsequently lost ; how or where was not ascertained. It waB claimed by plaintiff that- defendants were bound to watch and cake care of the case until it was entirely off the wharf, and receipt obtained for it by the usual employe of the defendants stationed at the'end of -the wharf. The defendant's claimed that the liability as carriers was discharged the moment they passed the goods over to the United States authorites, whom the plaintiff by not paying duty, had virtually constituted his agents to receive the gsods under the United States laws ani Treasury regulations. The referee, before whom the case was tried, held the defendants liable. The case was then carried to tbe United StateB Supreme Court where 4t the late general term, the judgment VM reversed. Judge Brady, diaeenting, held that the defendants' to remove their liability, should have proved affirmatively that the goods •• were discharged in (he day time. The majority .of. the Court,, however, held that in this use, that question was immaterial, inasmuch as 1 the missingpackage contained dutiable goods, and that Under the United States statutes and Treasury regulations the Customs authorities were the only persons' authorised to receive such goods on the wharf, and it appearing that they did so receive this package, with its reception by them, whether in the day or night time, the liability of the defendants terminated. This decision is in accordance with equity and fair dealing, and as it involves a question which has frequently given rise to vexatious and expensive litigation, fit will be hailed with satisfac- tion by Shipowners and Agents.— ping List, New York Ship- 