SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Parliament reassembled on Tuesday, the 10th inst., Mr. Michie, the Attorney Qeueral, having been previously returned without opposition for Ballarat West, so that all the Ministers met the Legis- lature without any of them having been subjected to the expense and trouble of a contested election. The Chief Se- cretary's statement on the meeting of the Assembly was remarkable for its brevity. He told bon. members that the Government proposed making the session a very short one. Be- sides the Estimates, only a few very pressing measures would be introduced, and before the end of the year it was intended to commence another session and take six months' supplies, so as to bring about a change in the financial year, which it is proposed shall in future commence on the 1st of July instead of as at present on the 1st of January. This is an alteration which has long been felt to be extremely desir- able. For some years past Parliament has not met until near the end of February, and consequently, the financial year beginning on the 1st of January, all the public - cre- ditors, including the civil servants, have had to go unpaid for some two or three months, If the contemplated change is made, this inconvenience will no longer occur, for Parliament will always be in session in time to pass the Estimates for the year before its commencement. It was anticipated that on the meet- ing of Parliament the conduct of the Chief Secretary in taking into his Cabinet, as Minister of Lands, Mr. Macpherson, who was chief of the former Ministry, and also the conduct of Mr. Macpherson in accepting the office, would have been severely criticised. Some of the old and unreasoning fol- lowers of Mr. M'Culloch, together with a few of those who supported the late Ad- ministration, were known to feel very warmly, and to have privately com- mented with considerable acrimony upon the appointment. But the densely packed Ministerial benches showed how utterly fruitless any opposition would be, and those who were expected to lead the attack remained silent, and made no sign. Mr. Watkins-one of the most, if not the most, insignificant of the members of the Assembly-ventured to ask the Chief Secretary what principle had guided him in the selection of his colleagues. The query was received with laughter. Mr. M'Oulloch. curtlv re- plied on the principle oi getting to- gether the best possible team, and Mr. Watkins subsided. Since then nothing has been said on the Bubject. If any- thing was wanted to justify the course taken by Mr. Macpherson, and to show that his Cabinet bioke up not only be- cause of the refusal of the Assembly to accept its financial policy, but also be- cause its several members had no con- fidence in each other, it was fully sup- plied by the course taken by the various ex-Ministers on the reassembling of Par- liament. The ex-Minister of Lauds and the ex-Commissioner of Customs were found supporting the new Government, whilst the late Minister of Justice and the late Minister of Mines took their seats in the Opposition corner, leaving only four of the ex-Ministers on the front Opposi- tion bench. The Chief Secretary's statement was accepted almost without remark, and the House then settled down to work. There was not much done the first week, but on Tuesday last tho Treasurer made his financial statement, which has been geneially accepted as satisfactory, and which provoked less comment than any similar statement for some time past. It will be remembered that the estimates, I both of re\ onue and expenditure, pre- j sented by the former Treasurer were condemned as mobt extravagant, and the Assembly refused to accept them. Mr. Francis, the present Treasurer, certainly remedied this fault. He reduced the anticipated income from £3,529,100 to £3,332,200, and the pro- posed expenditure from £3,750,852 to £3,498,127. This reduction has been effected without at all interfering with the efficiency of the public service, and although the carrying out of several public works has been unavoidably post- poned, yet, including the amount to be spent on the first portion of the North Eastein Railway, thoreis some £-25,000 to be expended on national undertakings during the present year, exclusive of the grant of £264,000 to shires, road boards, andotherlocal bodies, for the construction and maintenance of roads and bridges, , and also of the amount to bo spent on . the completion of the scheme of water supply. The estimated balance from 1869 is £219,416, and the apparent surplus on the present year is £92,000, but out of that it is proposed to pay for the Cerberus, and also the interest on a new loan which will have to be negotiated for the purpose of completing the im- mense works now in progress connected "with the national Bystem of water supply to the interior. Although it is , intended to effect a now loan for the purposo just indicated, it is not pro- posed to increase the gross sum of the liabilities of the colony. The whole of the loan for the North-Eastern Rail- way will not bo required for some time to come, and indeed it is just probable that the line may be constructed for less than the amount borrowed. There is now over £500,000 of this loan lying to the credit of the colony in London at 2 per cent, interest, ' and it is proposed, when the new loan is authorised, to buy «p these debentures to the amount re quired for the completion of the water- works, thus transferring the money from one account to another, and saving the interest. The question of immigration still re- mains in an undecided and unsatisfac- tory condition. The money annually expended for immigration was formerly a special appropriation under the Land Act of 18C2. The new act of 1869 makes no such provision, and the amount now depends on the annual vote of Parliament. Up to the present time no money has been voted for the purpose, although engagements to the amount of nearly £30,000 have been entered into. Free immigration will now remain alto- gether in abeyance until Parliament has expressed an opinion upon the subject, although passage-warrants will continue to be issued as formerly. There is a certain short-sighted, not to say selfish, section of the community, which finds its representatives in Parliament, who are opposed to all free or assisted immi- gration, and when the question comes on for consideration in the Assembly there is likely to be a very animated discussion. Yet never since the old gold-digging days has Victoria presented better prospects to industrious and in- telligent immigrants, and the great bulle of the colonists aro fully conscious of the advantage which they would reap from a constant, steady, and healthy addition to the population. Mr. Higinbotham has had another trial canter at the Imperial Government, but this time ho had to charge by him- self alone, his former leader and present Chief Secretary declining to assist in his Quixotic attempt. The bon. gentleman disapproved of the terms of a recent despatch from Earl Granville to the Governor of New South Wales, directing the Earl of Belmore to be strictly guided by law in authorising '. tho payment of public money. This Mr. Higinbotham conceived to be an interference with the rights of constitutional government, and warned Mr. M'Culloch that, if he did not take action upon it, and tell the British. Go- vernment that that sort of thing would not be tolerated, it might be a very long time before he had another chance. The Chief Secretary, however, did not seo his way clear to interfere in the domestic affairs of another colony, and adroitly remarked that, if it was a very long time before another of the chances alluded to by the hon. member was given, there would not be much cause for complaint. The contract for the first 56 miles of the North-Eastern Railway was definitely closed yesterday at the emjineor-in-chief's estimate-a trifle under £306,000. The tenderers are Messrs. O'Grady, Leggatt, and Noonan, and the work will be immediately commenced. SOCIAL SUMMARY. Tl," 1..I. T> «...1 /-, /-t. I. .. . brought avoid from Galle that His Royal Ilighness tho Duko of Edinburgh had been ordered to join the squadron on tho Australian station for two years. A letter received in Sydney, however, from a member of the Duke of Edinburgh's suite, states that tlio Galatea will relit here, and remain three months, after which she will visit Now Zealand, and return home next year via Cape Horn. Intelligence has been received that the Galatea may bo ex- pected towards the end of June. The Wonga Wonga, the pioneer steamer of the new mail service via Auckland and Ho nolulu, returned to Sydney on the ICth ; she brought passengers, but no mall. The out waid passngo was made in 17 days, the return in l8. Tho correspondence which has passed between Captain Sherard Osborn, tho ma- naging director of the British-Australian Telegraph Company, anti tho South Aus- tralian Government, on the subject of direct telegraphic communication with Eng- land, via Batavia and Singapore, has been published. The submarine cable from Timor has to be lauded at Port Darwin, and an overland line carried thonco through South Australian territory to Burke Town, at tho head of tho Gulf of Carpentaria, there to bo joined with tho line which the Queensland Government are now about erecting. Tho South Australian Government, however, de- sire the compauy to abandon the overland wire to Burko Town, and propose themselves to construct a wiro from Port Augusta to Port Darwin. 1,000 miles in length, so as to esta- blish direct communication between North and South Australia. It will be a great ad- vantage to tho colonies if communication is established by both routes. The proposal for the abandonment of the avire from Port Dar- win to Burke Town is not likely to lind favour with three of the colonios interested. Captain Nool Osborn, R.N., who over a month ago came out to Australia for the pur- pose of promoting the scheme of the British Australian Telegraph Company, is, we believe, still in Adelaide. The remains of Mr. Georgo Wintlo, one of our oldest colonists, and almost the oldest Government servant in Victoria, wero buried in the now cemetery on the 2nd inst. A long train of carriages, filled by the friends and colleagues of the deceased, accompanied the f unerol cortège. Mr. Wintle occupied the position of governor of tho Melbourne gaol from the oldest times to last year, when he retired on half-pay. Much is due to his me- mory on account of the high and effective organisation which ho established in his de- partment. Prom time immemorial the Mel- bourne gaol was known as " Wintlo's hotol" -a name conferred upon it in a long distant period of colonial life by Sir George Gipps, then visiting the infant sottlemont of Port Phillip. Tho now Royal Arcade, erected by Mr. Spensley, barrister-at-law, on ground situated between Bourko-streot and Littlo Collins street, was formally opened, on the 2nd inst, by the mayor of Melbourne, in the presence of a large number of visitors invited hy the proprietor. The elegant appearance of the building was much admired. It has cost nearly £20,000 ; but as the whole of tho stalls aro let, it will no doubt bring in a very hand- some income. It is proposed to continuo tho Arcado to Collins-street. A bill has been drafted, and will shortly be introduced to Parliament, for the establish- ment of a college of justice. Tho institution is to bo solf- supporting,' and to bo governed by the judges and a certain number of barris- ters and attorneys. Graduates avili be en- titled to take degrees as barristers as well as attorneys, if they please, and practice as both. Tho payment of a foo will entitle present barristers and attorneys to do the same thing. It is proposed to erect a hall and library upon some site within three miles of the town*hall, Melbourne, for which purpose the college will take the necessary power to raiso £10,000 by debentures. \- An agitation is going on in the Western dis- tricts for railway extension. Two routes havo been proposed-one via Geelong and Colac to llamilton, the other vi ti Ballarat and Ararat to Hamilton. Tho promoters of both routes aro busy collecting statistics in support of their views, and the Geelong people have been instrumental in establishing a league as a better means of advancing the claims of the route they prefer. The Government aro having both routes surveyed. H.M.S.S. Challenger, Commodore Lam- bert, is now in Hobson, Bay, having arrived a few days ago from New Zealand. She is to remain here until after the departure of the mail steamer to-day ; then proceed to Sydney for an overhaul, after which, in accordance with Admiralty orders, she returns to England. H.M.S.S. Blanche has reached Brisbane from Torres Straits, and reports having been unable to dis- cover Mrs. Gascoigne, wife of Captain Gascoigne, of the Sperwer, who, with his crew, was murdered by the natives some months ago. The natives say that she and her boy died three months since. Before completing the search the Blanche got on a coral reef during a fog, and had to throw a quantity of shot, coal, and other stores overboard before floating off. She proceeds to Sydney, to go into the dock for an over- haul. Herr Von Guerard, a well-known artist of this city, has received the cross of the order of Francis Joseph from the Emperor of Austria, to whom lie had sont copies of his Australian landscapes. The ceremony known as the annual com- mencement and. conferring of degrees at the Molbourno University took place on the 23rd ult. _ After a number of gentlemen had boen admitted to degrees, Professor Wilson, presi- dent of tho professorial board, stated that there were now 111 students attonding lec- tures : 33 different courses of lectures de- livered ; the largest number of students at- tending any one course, 57 ; tho smallest 2. The degrees conferred since April, 1809, were -B.A., 8 original, 2 ad eundem; M.B., 1 original; LL.B., 3original; H.A., 1 original, 5 ad eundem ; M.D,, 3 ad eundem- total, 23. The annual distribution of prizes at the Central Common Schools took place on the 25th April, in the presence of a large number of visitors. Sir James Palmer, who occupied the chair by virtue of his office as president of the Board of Education, delivered what he said would probably be his farewell address, in which ho touched upon a variety of subjects connected with the education ques- tion. From a progress report which was sub- mitted, it appeared that the gross income of tho schools for the post year amounted to £3,145, of which £1,742 was "derived from school fees and £1,403 from state aid. The question as to whether the fish that have been caught in the Dertvont, Tasmania, are salmon or not, is necessarily of some in- terest, considering the trouble that has been taken to transfer from Europe the salmon to the Southern seas. It has already beon stated that Dr. Gunther, of the British Museum, has told the secretary of tho Zoological Society that the specimen handed to him was not a salmo salar, but a trout-the salmo Imita of Linureus. On the other hand, two gentle- men who regard themselves as good judges Sir James Fergusson, Governor of South Australia, and Judgo Francis, of New South Wales-havo pronounced the specimens .of Derwent fish they have seen to bo true 'salmon. At a meeting of gentlemen connected with tho Church of England.not being parishioners of Kew, but desirous of piesenting au address and testimonial to the llev. Rowland Hay- ward, the gentleman so summarily, and as many think unjustly, deprived of his deacon's licence by the bishop of Melbourne, it was resolved that an address should bo presented to him in these terms:-"We, the under- signed clergy and laity residing in or near Melbourne, desire to unite with our brethren of the parochial district of Kew in testifying our appreciation of your valuable ministerial services rendered to the Church during the many years in which you have been in charge of that district, and m expressing our great csteem and regard for you as a clergyman and as a Christian. We request your acceptance of the accompanying Easter offering, and of our earnest prayers for yourself and family." A committee was appointed to collect sub- scriptions. __Oyer £100, i_ js__Bt"_cd,.}xa._.p&_i dition'lo the considerably larger sum raised within Kew by the parochial committee. Tho bishop of Melbourno is himself to be a con- tributor to the fund. A collision took place on the Hobson's Bay railway line on tho 25th ult. The train for Sandndgo was run into just as it was moving away from tho North Sandridge station for Sandridge, by a locomotive which was follow- ing the train from Melbourne on the same line of rails. No serious damage was done. The company caused the driver of tho engine, Edward King, to bo prosecuted for culpable negligence, inasmuch as ho had not the requisite number of lights on his engine, and was driving at higher speed than the íegula tions permitted, but the regulations seamed to have been obsorvod in a very lax manner by everybody, and the defendant was dis- charged. Michael Whelan, the guard of the train, was, however, fined £5iorncglecting to seo that tho " tail " light was attached to the train. The commission of Assembly of the Pres- byterian Church of Victoria held sittings on the 3rd and 4th inst. The Rev. I. Hetherington, the moderator, presided. A report brought up by the statistical committee showed that during the last year the church had made very satisfactory progress, although the subscriptions had somewhat decreased. A committee appointed at the last General Assembly to inquire into the systems adopted by different churches for providing or sup- plementing the stipends of ministers, recom- mended the Sustentation Fund Scheme of the Free Church of Scotland, and the Supple- mental Scheme of the United Presbyterian Chuich, as the only ones adapted to the circumstances of tho colony, and submitted a scheme based upon the former for the con- sideration of the commission. The report was adopted, and full information on the sub- ject directed to be forwarded to the various presbyteries in the colony for their consi- deration before the meeting of the next as- sembly. Ahorriblo case of neglect of a child occurred about a fortnight ago at Williamstown. Two women, mother and daughter, lived in a wretched hovel with a man named M'Donald. On a Saturday night both womon were drunk, and went to sleep by the fire, with the illegi- timate child of tho daughter beside them. In the middle of tho night M'Donald, who was in another room, heard tho child screaming, and on getting up found that it had fallen down by tho fire, and got its hoad frightfully scorched. The child died from the injuries it received. It was six weeks old. The mothov, Maria Cox, has been found guilty of man- slaughter, and stands remanded for sen- tence. Tho first sale of tweeds manufactured by the Albion Company, on tho Barrvon River, was held at Geelong on Tuosday. There weie 62 lots, comprising upwards of C.000 yards of cloth. The lots, which wero rather largo, were sold at from 4s. to 4s. Od., or an averago of 4s. ljd. per yard. It has been decided, at a meeting of corn dealers, millers, and others, presided over by the President of the Chamber of Commerce, that tho system of soiling crain and flour by the 1001b. shall bo adopted on and after the 1st January, 1871. The statement of accounts of tho Post-offico Savings Bank in Victoria for tho year 180!) shows that the deposits received during 18G9 amounted to £233,412 14s., while a balance had been brought ovor from 1868 of £160,001 3s. 4d. Repayments to the amount of £1G3,207 4s. bad been mado during 1809, leaving a balance duo to depositors of £243,47815s. 6d. Tho intorest allowed to depositors during tho year amounted to £7,272 2s. 2d.; tho other expenditure in connexion with tho bank being £2,177 l.s. Cd. for salaries, and £750 for contingencies. Since the purchase of the building-sito lcasos at tho Western-market by the Hon. Henry Miller, tho improvement wrought upon that whilome doleful and dilapidated spot has been something wonderful. The unsightly blue stono ruins havo given placo to a square of handsomo edifices, which aro mainly occu- pied as offices, and which aro a credit and an ornament to the city. Only one bito, that facing William-street and Flindcrs-lano, re- mains to bo built on in order to completo the quadrangle ; and as the lessco has called for tenders for the erection of buildings upon it, tho old Western-market eyesore will soon bo a thing of the past. The Agricultural Distillery and Beetroot Sugar Company have been successful in rais- ing a large amount of sugar-beet from their plantation at Footscray, and it is probable that before long the sugar expressed from th< roots will bo a marketable commodity ir Melbourne and its suburbs. A summary of the census of the population of Tasmania has been published. The total of the population is sot down at 99,328, which is an increase on the census of ¡1861 of 9,351. Tho returns show that the increase avas prin- cipally in the northern parts, only 2,000 out oi the number having beon added to the mid- land and southern portions of tho island. The attention of the Government has been called by the Socioty for the Promotion of Public Morality to ttye necessity of dealing in some way with the low places of amusement existing at present in Melbourne. The pro- mise is held out that the evils attending tho issue of night licences and dancing saloon licences wiU in some degree be corrected by a measure now beforo Parliament, and likely to bo passed this session. Proceedings have been lately instituted in the District Police Court, with the view of discovering tho parties who have for some time past been engaged hore in bottling a very spurious imitation of the Sir R. Burnett old tom gin, and labelling it avith false labels so nearly like tho origínalas to be indistin- guishable from thom by a casual obseiver. The parties moving in tho matter aro the firm of Messrs. Bligh and Harbottle, large impor- ters of the genuine gin. A grocer named Rankin was fined £5 on Friday week for selling a bottle of the compound. The bottle, part of fivo cases, was obtained from wine and spirit merchants in the Western Market who were not importors, and they are to appear before the magistrates on Monday. Further attention has beon called to the offensive businesses, such as candlemaking, soapboiling, &c;, which are carried on close to the banks of the Yarra, avithin the city boundary. A proposal, emauating from tho Crown Lands department, to remove tho various establishments to Fisherman's Bond -further down the river-has met avith strong opposition from the City Council, and the boroughs of Emerald-hill, Sandridge, and Williamstown. The question is attended with considerable difficulty. It is understood that a measure will bo submitted to the Legisla- ture for the purpose of sottling it, A chango of Ministry bas occurred in South Australia, The new Government consists of Mr. Stow, Chief Secretary ; Mr. Strangways, At- torney-General ; Mr. Cavenagh, Crown Lands ; Mr. Kuchariff, Public Works ; and Mr. E, Hamilton, Treasurer. An application has been made to the Go- vernment by Mr. W. G. Baillie, for the uso of the Yan Yean tramway, for the purpose of having it converted into a railway on the Fairlie principle. Should the project be car- ried out, and prove a success, it avili, no doubt, lead to many parts of tho country being opened up by railway communication with tho seaboard, besides leading to the establishment of a large number of feeders to the existing lines. There is also a scheme in connexion with this project which, if suc- cessful, avili go a long way towards the settle- ment of the sowerago quostion. A volunteer named Andrew Lillie, membor of the Emerald-bill Artillery corps, was sentenced by the local magistrates, on tho 30th April, to one month's imprisonment for assaulting his superior, Major Krone, in tho drillroom. The sentonco, hoavever, was ouashed by the Court of General Sessions, on the ground that the magistrates could only deal avith the caso as one of common assault, and for an offence of that nature tho sentence was too heavy. The engine-drivers, firemen, and others, em- ployed in the locomotivo branch of the Vic- torian Railways, havo presented Mr. Christy, tho late locomotive superintendent, with an address expressing thoir sympathy with bira on leaving the department. The address ex- pressed the opinion of tho drivers, firemen, and others, that the rolling-stock was in an efficient condition, and. equal, if not superior, to any on the railways in Great Britain, A serious Oro occurred at Ararat on the 2Gth April. The following persons wero com- pletely burned out :-Mr, Dowsett, Shamrock Hotel ; Mr. Hussey, hairdresser ; Mr. Eager, chemist; Mr. Thomas, bootmaker ; and Mr. Scott, Manchester Hotel. Others had a groat deal of property damaged. r«o.osal'made some yc-Sh?,- for the delivery j of lectures on scientific subjects connected with mining, and tho formation of classes for giving instruction to students, being carried into effect. The Mines department of Vic- toria possesses a collection of minerals, roclss, and fossils, which is described as tho largest and most valuablo in the southern hemisphere. As soon us a suitablo room can bo placed at tho disposal of the Mining de- partment for the exhibition of these minerals, and for the delivery of lectures to ¡»tudouts, the work of laying the foundation of a mining school avili be commonced. Ttie authorities of the University, ave learn, aro about to extend their local examinations to Adelaide and Hobait Town. Progress is being made in the formation of an industrial and technological museum in connexion avith tho Public Library, and ar langements aro being made for the delivery of lectures. Tho museum will bo established in tho large hall of the Exhibition-building. The centenary of Captain Cook's arrival at Botany Bay was celebrated at Albury on the 29th April, by the public presentation of handsome silver claret jugs to the German families of Schubach Frauenfelder, and Rau, as the pioneer vignerons in the district. The polico magistrato at Somorset, Cape York, reports under date tho 10th December, that a ship's longboat, cutter rigged, avas found in October last ashoro at Capo Gren- ville, and from what could bo learnod from tho natives it appeared that her crew, two seamen, had beon murdered by them. Sir Robert Officer, of Tasmania, has re- ceived intimation that a first-class medal has been awarded him for his acclimatisation services by tho Sociélú Impériale d'Accli rnation. A meeting was hold in Brisbane some avoeks ago with respect to the formation of a search party for the purpose of ascertaining tho fato of Dr. Leichardt, in consequence of reports having been received of tho existence of an old white man among the blacks in the extreme west of tho colony, but as yet it does not appear that tho meeting has resulted in anything. A burglary on a largo scale was committed in Melbourne on tho ßth inst. The shop of Mr. William Anderson, jeweller and watch- maker, was bioken into early in tho morning, and £300 worth of jowellery stolen from it. Three men, Thomas Baxter, James Duncan (a sharer in the great gold robbery from the Nelson, in Hobson's Bay, years ago), and James Watson were arrested the same evening in different parts of Collingavood ; and in the house where Baxter avas apprehended-the abode of a " fenco"-a thousand pounds avorth of supposed stolen property avas seized. Duncan and Watson havo been con- victed of burglary, Baxter of receiving ; and they stand remanded for sentence. A political crisis has occurred in Queens- land. The Government of Mr. Lilley was met with a voto of want of confidence imme- diately tho session avas opBnod. A now Ministry has been formed, under the Promier Bhip of Mr. A. H. Palmer, whoso colleagues arc-Mr. Robert Ramsay, Treasurer ; Mr. W. II. Walsh, Minister of Public Works; Mr. J. Malbon Thompson, Minister of Lands ; Mr. J. Bramston, Attornoy-Gonoral ; and Mr. T. L, M. Prior, Postmaster-Genoral. Parliament has been prorogued until the ond of Juno, pending Ministerial re- elections. Two prisonors, desperat- characters, lately rando a determined attempt to escapo from tho Walgett Lock-up, N.S.W. Thoysot upon the lock-up keeper, aud afterwards the ser- geant in charge, avith their irons, beating both about the head until they bocarao in- sensible. Tho lock-up keeper's avifo also carno in for some injuries in her endeavours to stop them. They got away from tho lock- up, but were afterwards recaptured. The dispute as to the possession of tho Hay mûiket Theatre has beon ended for the pre- sent, but more is likely to bo heard of it soon. Tho party of Mr. Sullivan, one of the trustees for tho bondholders, who wished to hand the theatre over to a noav lossoo, managed to dria. the party of Messrs. Har- wood and Co., of the Royal (who claimed to bo lessees under a lease granted by other trustees], from tho premises about threo weeks ago. Tho theatre was opened on Saturday last under a new management. The first annual dinner of the Victoria Licensed Victuallers' Association took place on Monday at the Criterion Hotel, Collitis sticot. About 80 persons sat down to dinner, Mr. Morton, president- of the association, being in the chair, and Mr. Aspinall, M.L.A, I the Mayor of Melbourne, and Mr. Whiteman, j M.L.A., being among tho guests. | In the last Bummary it was stated that two daughters of Mr. Tarlington, magistrate, of Bega, New South Wales, had beon committed for tnal on a charge of infanticido committed six years ago ; and tho accuser was a. young woman brought up in the house with thom from childhood. Within the lost fortnight Mrs. Gilbert, one of the ladies alluded to, has been put upon her trial at Sydnoy, and ac- quitted. Tho charge against the other daughter was then abandoned. A shocking murder at Smythesdale, on tho morning of the 24th inst., is reported. An old resident of that place, named Donald Cameron, living near tho toll- gate, arose at about 7 o'clock, and with scarcely any preliminary words, cut his wife's throat with a knifo that ho had sharpened some days before, and kept in his possession. When medical aid arrived tho woman was dead. All the main arteries had been divided. Showas the mother of eight chil- dren, and at tho time of tho fatal occurrence was cuceinte. Her son, aged 20, was in bed at the time of the occurrence, and hearing her shrieks, came at once to her assistance, but too late. Tho husband was immediately secured. He suffered some months ago from blain fever, since which timo be has not boen considered in his right mind. On being asked tho reason for the raab act, ho replied that " it was another bright star in heaven, and would be for the benefit of the Almighty." Thomas Webb Draper, the late accountant of _ the Commercial Bank, who was found guilty of embezzlement a few sessions back, and sentenced to 12 months' imprison- ment, was brought up at the last Criminal Sessions. On this occasion he was chareed ?with embezzling a cheque for £1,090. The jury acquitted him. The sentence in tho first case was suspended until tho Court in Banco bad pronounced upon a point of law raised in his favour. The Court decided against the prisoner, and so the sentence will take effect. On account of the lenient sentence awarded in the first case, and the supposed failure of justice in the second, the bank authorities have caused the prisoner to be brought up on a third charge-making false entries in the books of the bank-upon which chargoho has been committed, and he will bo tried next week. A domestic servant named Eliza Ann Henry, has been committed for trial for administering poison to the family of Mr. Octavius Palmer, near Warrnambool, on Good Friday. Arsenic was mixed with *the flour from which tho bread was made. Twelve persons suffored from tho use of the bread, but they havo all since recoveied. Moro has been hoard of the depredations of tho bushranger Power in the northern parts of this colony, but not a word of tho likelihood of his capture. The immunity which this marauder has so long enjoyed has produced an effect which might have been anticipated. Thero havo beon a number of petty cases of sticking-up in different places. The Hoods have re-appeared in New South Wales since the last mail left, and after it .was thought wo had dono with them, for a season at least. Not only wore districts such as the Hunter and Hawkes- bury, which had been severely flooded be- fore, again visited with heavy rains, and consequent inundations, but other parts of tho colony quite remoto experienced tho damaging effects of an extraordinary fall. Telegraph communication botweon Sydnoy and Victoria was interrupted for a day or two. Tho rain has boon hanging off and on in this colony for the four weeks past ;, it has sometimes been Tabling, and sometimc not, but the weather always uncertain. Gipp3 Land, like parts of the neighbouring colony, has come in for a second flooding, and with more damaging effects than on the previous occasion. On the other hand, tho fall of rain in South Australia was far less than seemed to be needed, and for some days or weeks the Adelaide people bad to bo put upon short allowanco ; at any rato, the water had to bo cut off from the dwellings at night. Mattera have quite changed of lato, however, and a supply of rain bas rendered precautionary measures no longer necessary. At tho same time, we havo ceased to hoar of floods in Now South Wales, but the Gipps Land floods bo- long to the events of tho last few days. tpn-_".-w exclamation of a road through Carl that can bosaia aoout mc unpu,.-. oi -....-? tioning any intorferenco with the reserves about the city. Though, so to speak, tho pioclamation was smuggled through at one of the last Cabinet councils of the late Govern- ment, the law officers since appointed havo discovered no illegality in it, and nothing but an act oE Parliament will avail now to undo what many regard as a foolish act on the part of the late Minister of Lands. How- ever, it rests with the city corporation tt> say whether any road shall bo formed through tho gaidens or not, inasmuch as that body alone has the power to act upon tho proclamation. It is at present against tho opening of a road, and we have had a sufficient number of exam- ples of its persistent-not to say obstinate adbeience to whatit considers the strict lino of duty, to believe that somo time mustolapso before the desecration of a very valuable ro servo is allowed to take placo. Tho question has been warmly discussed for weeks past at public meetings, deputations havo again and again waited on Ministers, and ovon tho Legislative Assembly has found time to tail about it. A recent export to England was a consom- ment of leeches, Somo parts of Australia abound with leeches, thoso which frequent tho Murray River being preferred by the mo dicnl faculty to any othor known specimen. They bite freely, and leave no inflammatory wound or mark behind. Thov thus equal, if they do not surpass, tho famed speckled leoch of Northern Europe. Messrs. Felton, Grim- wade, and Co., of Melbourne, took mea-sur-s some time ago for the conservation of tho Murray leeches, and their contracts with the fishermen in tho Murray district for the post season oxceeded half a million. We aro in- formed that tho intercolonial demand is almost equal to tho supply. . Shipments aro. however, sometimes rnado to England, and a few weeks ago tho s.s. Somersetshire took a largo consignment for disposal in the home country. . A Chinaman named Ah Pew lies cast for death for tho murder of a little girl named Eli_abcth Ann Hunt, aged nino years, in Februaiy last. The murder took place at Glenluce, whoro tho prisonor worked for his livelihood as a gold- digger, no will bo hung on Monday. Another Chinaman namod Woo Cow is lyingmidersentenco of death for assault with intent to murder at Beechworth, but his coso has not been considered by tho Executivo yet. The sentence of death passed upon a man named Hunt, at Sale, for committing a capital assault upon a little girl, has boon commuted to 21 years' hard labour, tho first tin ce in ii ons. Tho Russian Imperial corvetto Bazann is now Romcwhoie in theso waters. She arrived at Adelaido on tho 9th inst., having loft tho Capo of Good nope 30 days bofore. Hur stay at Adelaide was very short, probably owing in some measure to tho freo manner in which the local press described her appear- ance, which seoms to have beon rather un man-of-war-liko. She put to sea again, in order, it is to bo presumed to got brushod up a little. Tho following aro the namos of tho officers of the Bazatin -.-Commander, Captain Sirkoff. Lieutenants-First Balk, second Konkcwitcli, thiid Linden, fourth Kutohon goff, fifth Count Nyrod, sixth Elazin ; navi- gating lieutenant, E. Kornoff ; chief engi- neer, Fadoroff; surgeon, Mr. Wendt; gun- nery officer, Schdanoff ; sub-lieutonants, Wacholsky and Kosnachoff. Tho Hon. Robort Q. Kormodo, a vnombor of tho Tasmanian Legislature, died on tho 2nd May. Mr. Kormodo was an old colonist, as his father was before him. Ho died much esteemed by the community. His lauded property was of largo extent, s Tlio Technological Commission, in" their last report, state that the numbor of pupils in attendance at these schools is nearly 600. A school of design has just been opened at Williamstown. Tho success which has at- tended the schools established in the suburbs of Melbourne is gratifying. Thero aro now schools in operation at Carlton, Brunswick, Fitzroy, Richmond, Emerald-hill, and Sand- ridge. The competition for prizes at tho Artisans' School of Design, Carlton, took placo yestciday week ; us the procoodings 1 connected with tho presentation of the prizes aro described elsewhere having taken placo last evening. Out of 250 pupils thora wore 210 present at tho competition, and speci- mens of their work havo been highly com- mended. The subject of technological edu- cation is to bo dealt with, cornprehonsivoty when the next Education Bill is brought forward ; and tho schools, now carriod on by private effoit, placed under the Board of Education. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. SUCCESS OP THE M'CULLOCH MINISTRY. ' The prognostic with which we closed our last political summary for England, i.e., that all the members of this tho fourth M'Culloch Administration would be returned without op- position, has proved true to tho letter. In fact, the Ballarat West election-the last of the nine-had virtually closed when tho mail steamer sailed, leaving Mr. Michie, Attorney General, tho representative of that eccentric constituency, whoso other member is Mr. C. E. Jones. Mr, Michio's reception on Ballarat affords an admirablo illustration of tho pre- sent state of public political feeling. Nosooner had tho hon. and learned gentleman con- sented to offer himself to fill the seat obligingly vacated on his behalf by the previous sitting member (Mr. James), than each political party in the locality-and they are not few not only threw to the winds all idea of opposi- tion, but wolcomed bira with open arms. When, on Monday, April 23, ho arrived on Ballarat to maleo his election speech, ho avould have enjoyed a sort of general tri- umphal reception ; but tho chiefs of the Loyal Liberal party-to which Mr. James belonged -made a desperato offort to identify him avith their falling cause by a species of kidnapping. They met him at the railway station, and having carried him to rooms prepared for him, constituted themselves a species of body-guard, which nevor left him till his re- turn to town. However, avhen that night the new member addressed a mooting of some 4,000 persons in the Alfred-hall, ho told a story which, applauded to the echo, clearly showed how common'sense had begun to rulo in political affairs, and that the- roign of political fanaticism was over. In the first place he warmly defended his col- league, Mr. Macpherson, Ministor of Lands (and late Chief Socretaiy), from the charco of treachery. He next eloquently ad- vocated a judicious system of assisted immi- gration, which, laughing to scorn tho attempts of English parish authorities to ship their paupers to Victoria, avould add to our popula- tion avaluablo class of mon and women. Some in tho audience hooted at this, but Mr. Michie asked how many of them had come from England themselves, and why should thoy ooject to the immigration which, ia fact, had brought thom to Victoria ? " Is it consistent, then," he further asked, "with tho sentiment of patriotism that is so often invoked, avith that^ove of mother country that all so loudly profess, to entertain tho idea that haviug escaped from the toils, anxieties, and miserios of that mothor country, you will shut the door in the face of the millions you have left bo hind." His hearers warmed at this, and tho cries of dissent wore lost in tumultuous cheer- i ing, which followed bim as ho proceeded to express opinions avhich often widoly differed from tho Loyal Liberal programme, lie ad- vocated the reduction of mining loases, tho opening up of means of arrangement between the minors and the owners of auriferous lands, and the adoption of a system of purely secular education, but ho urged that tho proper settlement of tho differences arising in tho working of our Constitution lay in the elec- tion to Parliament of men of high character and intelligence, whose judgments and con elusions avould be respected and deferred to. He also; declared himsolf in favour of British connexion and a freetrader, although ho had supported tho present tariff, and ho de- nounced sectarianism in politics with all his might. This utterance did much to calm the public mind in respect to tho noav Ministry, and peoplo quietly awaited tho opening of Parliament without giving any other political sign. HE-ASSEMBLING or 1'AKLIAMEXT. Parliament re-assembled aftor the re-elec- tion, of Ministers, on Tuesday, May 10. Tho distribution of tho members of Assembly in their seats was very remarkablo in its way, and highly suggestive of the fact that tho Opposition avas reduced to tho smallest pro- portions. On tho Treasury bonches sat Ministors, behind whom wore ranged a number of bon. membors of the pure M'Culloch folloaving. Below the gangavay, _-ns1ííftltîo_\i^t;(pMy,', fiftroWnae'iî. . "Líüí.M and Loyal Liberals, including tho lato Minister of Lands (Mr. M'Kean) and late Commissioner of Trade and Customs (Mr. Coben). The leading and more impor- tant members of tho lato Constitutional party occupied the Opposition comer, while tho Opposition benches were left to the rump of the late Ministry. Wo may interject hero, that this promise of non-oppositiou has up to the present ovory appearance of being ful- filled. Tho opening business was brief but siunificant. Mr. M'Culloch, in making tho Ministerial statoment, said that all parties would agree with him as to the uecossity for making tho session a short ono. It aros pro- posed to at once pass the Estimates, and boforo the close of 1870 to pass tho Estimates for tho first six months of 1871, so as lo bring about tbo desired change in tho commence- ment of the financial yoar, making it dato from July 1st instead of January 1st. It avas also intended to pass tho Census Bill, a Scab Bi)l, a Bill to Amend the Local Government Act, and a Legacy Duty Bill. Further, itavas to be loft to Mr. G. P. Smith, as chairman of tho Royal commission of inquiry into tho subject to introduce his Publicans Act Amendment Bill, on tho second read- ing of which the Government avould stato tho alterations in that measure avhich they avould propose. No remark followed, and tho only lion, member daring enough to question Mr. M'Culloch- procedure avas ltfr. Watkins, of Evelyn, avho, later In the ovening, and amidst suppressed laughter, ventured to in quiro what principio had guided tho Chief Secretary in tho selection of his colloaguos. To this modest query Mr. M'Culloch curtly replied that ho had been inlluoncod by tho desire to present to tho country tho host Government possible under tho circum- stances, and lie avas sorry if the lion, mombor did not lilto it. The business of tho sossion avas thon pioceeded avith. 11ELATI0NS WrrnTUE MOTHER COUNTRY. The lato despatch of Earl Granville to tho Govornor of Now South Wales, directing him not to pursue a certain couiso in respect to signing Treasury warrants before tho money avas actually voted, has fnrnishod another opportunity for Mr. Higinbotham to express his alarm atthosupposedattemptedoncroach ments of tho British Government. Oh tho voiy first day Parliament met ho gave notico that next day ho would "call tho attention of tho Chief Secretary to a recont despatch of Earl Granville to tho Queen's representativo in the colony of Now South Wales, and in quiro avh-thor tho Govornmeud have yet con- sidered whothor it is their intention at au early dato to consider what measures aro ne- cessary for tho purpose of establishing in fact tho system of responsible government which now exists by laav in Victoria, and putting a stop to tho unlawful interference of tho Im- perial Govornmont by means of official in- structions to tho representativo of tho colony in the domostic ail'ahs of this country, Considerable curiosity was excitod as to what avould bo Mr. M'Culloch'« reply, which, avhen tho time came, evinced the characteristic sagacity of tho experienced chief. In offect, ho declined to permit his questioner to in- veigle him into a quarrel avith tho Imperial Government, meroly bocauso ho (Mr. Higin- botham) disapproved of tho terms of a de- spatch addressed by tho Colonial Secretary to tho Governor of New South Wales, instruct- ing bira to 'conform to the laav. When any interference with tho duo carrying' out of responsible government in Victoria was attempted, then, said tho Chief Secretary, the Govornmont would bo found prompt to act. Mr. Higinbotham rejoined that if tho despatch to tho liarl of Belmoro avas not taken ad- vantage of, it might bo a vory long timo be- fore anothor opportunity arose, upon avhich tho Chief Socretary retaliated that if that proved to bo tho caso there avould bo so much the less causo for complaint. This noat eva- sion of avhat promised to bo an'ugly rock ahead, lias mot with general approval from tho press and public. THE l'lMASOIAL STATEMENT. It avas necessary to the duo fulfilment o£ the programmo announced by Mr. M'Culloch, that the Estimates should bo introduced, and tho budget speech mado and debated avithout dolay. Accordingly, on Tuesday last, Mr. Francis brought doavn tho Estimates, and having moved the House into committoa of Rupply, mado his budget speech. It should bo stated that thehon. Treasurer, albeitcloaror headed than most men, has a very inferior capacity to give his thoughts words, andhonco his meaning bos been found rather clouded. He began by stating that from 18G9 ho cal culatcd to receive a balance of £219,-110, his estimate of the revenue for that year being mainly the same as that of his predecessor. Ho did not, however, contemplate so large an. expenditure as the lato Treasurer, and there- fore had increased the probable balauco to the credit of 1870 from £169,807 to £.19,416. Ho repeated his former statement, that the estimates both of revenue and expenditure presented by his predecessor wero oxtrava gant. Instead of receiving an actual revenuo of £3,529,100, as calculated by tho late Trea- surer, ho only estimated to receive £3,332,200, whilst, instead of expending £.,750,852, ho only proposed to expend £3,459,528. Ho therefore bad estimated his revenue at £196,000 and his expenditure-allowing for recoups-at £291,324 less ; whilst, instead of a balance of only £9,000, bo calculated on carrying over to 1871 a balance of £92,08S. His estimato of Customs duties based upon the opinion of the department, was £58,700 less than that of his predecessor. Tho Cus- toms revenuo for tho first quarter of 1870, was £359,828, the estimate of the dopartmont was £307,974, and the cstimatoof the income from that department presonted by the lato Treasurer was £382,050. Thus, supposing the first quarter to havo ruled the entire year, theio would havo beon a falling off at the close, as compared with the late Treasurer's estimate, of £90,896. Carrying on the same calculation to the end of the first four months of the year, tho deficiency at tho close would have been £111,735. He acknow- ledged, however, that the first quaTtor was not a fair basis on which to calculate tho Customs revenuo for tho wholo year ; but malting 'all duo allowance for this ho was compelled to tho conclusion that tho late Treasurer had ovor-estimated tho Customs income by at least somo £50,0Û0. His prede- cessor had also largely increase-' the estimate , of territorial rovenue submitted by tho Land department, and it was now calculated that thoincomefrom this source wouldbo£7S8,900 instcad of £938,600. The railway income for 18G9 was under-stated by the lato Treasurer, and therefore ho (Mr. Francis) expected to receive from that source the sarao sum as Mr. Berry bad put down, viz., £015,000. Tho total income to bo oxpected from public works was £719,300, instead of £721,600 cal- culated by his predecessor ; from ports and harbours, £20,000, instead of £19,000 ; from postage, tho same, £135,000; from fees, £67,800, instead of £72,300 ; from fines, £7,900, instead of £4,200; and from mis- cellaneous £104,800, instead of £87,700. Coming to tho expenditure for tho year, it would bo seen that a considerable reduction had been made, especially in public works, amounting in all to £259,738, but tho special appropriations had boen increased by a little over £7,000. Salaries and wages had only been reduced to tho extent of £2,482. Tho saving in contingencies was over £56,000, that on public works was £107,000. Tho estimato for the Mint had boen slightly re- duced, and whilo his hon. predecessor had evidently provided for a general election dur- ing -1870, the present Government did not anticipate such an ouiorgency, and £15,000 was thus saved. The interest on uost-ollico savings banks was estimated by tho lato Trea- surer at £10,000. Ho (Mr. Francis) calculated it at only £1,000. If tho £200,000 annually set apart from the land fund for railway pur- poses were formed into a sinking fund, it would, by tho 31st December, 1898, ontiroly wipo out the national dobt of tho colony, but that courso had not been decided upon, although the sum would be preserved intact. The total sum to bo oxpondod for all salaries and wages was £941,000, out of which, how- ever, somo £16,000 would havo to be recouped from the loan for waterworks. Towards tho national debt, including iutorost and repay- ment of principal, they had to pay £938,890 ; on public works they would oxpond £721,000 ; on education, including tho industrial schools, £221,000 ; on cbaritablo institutions, £166,050; on public worship,£47,000 ; on police,£36,250 ; ' and for immigration purposes, £73,488. They had to return to New South Wales £G0,000 bor- der duties, and allothercxpendituro amounted to £253,000. Tho last-named amounts were all exclusivo of salarios and wagos. The assisted immigration since tho year 1865 bad amounted to 19,403 adults, but taking the gross number of arrivals and dopar im__igratîo&1,<._,ap_.î-0",ï;eS'the gain_to tho of warrant immigrants which had aii'oflay arrived in tho colony during the present year had exhausted rather moro than ono half of the sum placed on tho Estimates foi that purpose. With regard to the last railway loan, he mentioned that £1,200,000 remained at fixed deposit at 4 per cent., thero was £230,000 to tho credit of tho public account, and £510,000 iti London bearing 2 pur cent, interest. Another loan for completing tho wüte, wollen would shortly bo necessary, mid he proposed with that loan to purchase soma of tho debentures now in London-in fact, to uso their own idlo money, and thus to savo tlio iutorost of ß per cent, per an- num. It would also bo noccssary to have another defence loan, for tho last ono of £100,000 was nearly exhausted. Tho Nulsou, instead of being given to us for nothing, cost us £_7,000, and thoro still rom.ttued to be paid on account; of the Cerberus £37,232, so that another loan of at least £40,000 would bo necessary. Tho lion, mem- ber then pioceeded to defend tho tariff of 1863 und 1805 by asserting that in the former year it became necessary to próvido ad- ditional revenue, and that sinco that period Victoria bael benn in a moro nourishing con (lition than any of tho other colonies. Taking tlio year 18G8-tbolast closed financial yoar of all tho colonies-Victoria was tho only colony which closed the poiiod with a balance to her credit, tlio deficiencies of tho other colonies averaging over £100,000 each, or a total on tho whole of some £600,000. As ono result of tho present fiscal policy of tho country, ho painted out that prior to 1805 the importations of piece goods only averaged somo £300,000 a year, whilst in 1869 they amounted to over a million sterling, tho fact being that the population here, instead of population else- where, wero now engaged in manufacturing the clothing from theso goods. Ho concludod by moving that tho sum of £1,400 bo granted for tho oxponscs of the Legislativo Council. The subsequent discussion has boon interest- ing but of no very great importance, boing mainly confined to tho differoncos botwoen tbe estimates of this Government and thoso of thoir immediate predecessors. Mr. Berry, tho late Treasurer, resumed tho debato on tho following ovening, contending that the actual incomo already received this year fully justi- fied his estimate thoroof, and ho was sur- prised at tho absonco of tho latest possible returns, which would havo borno out his view. He denied that ho had systematically . inflated tho revenuo, and vindicated himself as Treasurer in going beyond tho osti matt-H furnished by tho various departments. Ho further argued that the main alterations in tho Estimates of rovenuo woro duo to dif- ferences in policy. Coming to tho estimato of expenditure, ho contended that tho reduc- tions in tho sovoral departments were mero cheeseparing, and thatthoso in tho Chief Secre- tary's consisted principally of sums taken off tho amounts proposod for clothing, light, fuel, and medical comforts for prisoners, the insano, and the inmates of the industrial schools. ? Tho large items of reductions consisted prin- cipally of £109,000 on public works, £«,000 for roads and bridges, £27,030 for mines, ' and £30 000 in tho Treasurer's dopartmont. Ho maintained that tho simplo view of tho case wa« that bon. mombora woro asked to savo 80,000 acres of land, and to do without somo £200,000 worth of public works. In conclusion, ho argued that if his estimato for revenuo was not rcalisod it would bo be- cause of the chango of policy consequent on tho chango of Government, and tho delay in carrying out tlio new railways and proposod Public work-, by which tho power of con- sumption of tho working classes would bo materially Tcduccd. Mr. M'Culloch repliod that ono thing was certain, viz,, that tho pro sent Estimates mot the wishos of tho IIouso, wlioreaBthelatoTreasuror's estimates of oxDBii dituro had been declared oxtravagant. and his estimates of revenuo based on unreliable data. Public works wero desirable, but not if thoir result was to run tho country into nocdless debt. The depressed stato of trade amply justified a reduced estimate of rovenuo and expenditure, and as for tho request of tho lato Treasurer for revenue returns, ho would com- ply with it in respect to Customs. Thus, their, the Customs rovenuo for tbo first four months of 1809 mid 1870 was as nearly as possible tho same-that for 1609 was £538,587, and that for 1870 £538,598 ; so that tho actual facts which had transpired showed that tho lato Treasurer was not justified in his largely in- creased estimato. Mr. M'Culloob thon touched seriatim on tlio various subjocts dealt with in tbo budget speech, took credit for tbo Govern« ment having effected valuable reductions awhile maintaining the efficiency of the service, and reiterated a former statement mado by him, that the judicious expenditure of tho £200,000 specially appropriated from the an- nual land revenue, upon railways and possi- bly otbor public works, would-especially if supplemented by similar appropriations from the ordinary revenue of tho year- so increase the assets of the country that when the time for tbo repayment of its debentures came it would go into the money market and borrow the money at a less rate. The debate was further continued on Thursday evening, when Mr. Longmore made a laboured defence of the late Government, without, however,"-evolving now matter, except that it appeared to him that the Government schome of reducing the public works was intendod to .keep down the working classes. He further accused the official heads of departments with conspiring against the late Ministry. Tho last speech of any consequence was from Mr. Lanpton, Treasurer to the late Sladen Ad- ministration, who, in a brief but trenchant utterance, criticised the weak points of the Treasurer's statement, not, how ovor, as affecting the main topics of tho budget speech, but rather, the policy which was indicated in a sort of proximato sense. He strongly condemned any applica- tion of the lost railway loan to purposes which should, even in semblance, appear to be different from.tho stated original object of the loan ; he warmly advocated such assisted immigration as would make the passage money to Victoria the samo to the English or -erman emigrant, as it would be to Canada or the United States. Finally, ho indulged in some severo strictures upon the figures adduced by Mr. Francis in support of the tariff alterations of 18G5 and 1867. Mr. Francis replied shortly to the latter, and the debate closed soon after. The Estimates were then proceeded with. IMMIGRATION. The proposition of the Government to adopt the estimate of the late Government in this respect, viz. - Pas- sages for 4,000 warrant immigrants at £11, £44,000; passages for 1,200 selected immi- grants at £13, £15,000; gratuities to sur- I geons, officers, and constables on board im- migrant ships, £0,000; total, £05,000"-has excited eomewhut the minds of hon. members who are opposed to tho policy of assisted immi gration. (It mayhero be mentioned thatt as previously promised, the coming into operation of the neiv immigration regulations has beon postponed by proclamation till such timo as Parliaraent has dealt with the question.) Mr. Higinbotham mado tho chief movointhemat ter, by urging the immediate stoppage of the issue of passage warrants. He had under- ¡ stood that the old immigration regulations wore suspended as well as the now ones, and being informed that tho agent-general was * negotiating for sending out pauper families i from Wigan, he desired that immigration of that sort should bo at once stopped, Mr. M'Culloch denied that Mr. Verdon had any such intention, and refusod to consent to the : immediate stoppage of the warrants on the ground that such a course would be unwise and precipitate, seeing that the wholo ques- tion would come before Parliament at an early date. He promised, however, that until rarliamonthad spoken no more money should bo expended for freo immigration. Tho subject was then dropped, but not before the House had been surprised by a statement from the Treasurer. This avas that from January, 1865, to March 31, 1870, 26,901 persons were added to tho population of Victoria from home, 19,452 of them being Government emigrants. Fur- ther, that during the same period the other arrivals from Great Britain and all other ports amounted to 130, C7G persons, while the total departures reached to 132,22S persons, thus leaving as the result of more than five years' immigration a balance in favour of the colony, from all sources, exclusive of free and assisted immigration, of only 7,448 persons. This, the Treasurer stated, was all that the charac- ter and fascinations of Victoria had managed to gain. THE NORTH-EASTERN RAILWAY. Our last summary conveyed the informa- tion that Mr. W. Porter's tender for the con- struction of tho first 56 miles of this line for £293,690 had fallen through. At the last moment Mr. Porter only offered a deposit on two out of the four sections of the line, but his proposition was refused. Eventually tenders for all four sections wore called for again, and on May 5, those received, 11 in number, were opened. The lowest in each case were announced thus : For contract A Mr. John Butler Dwyer, £69,832 9s. 7d. ; contract B, Messrs. Geo. Evans and Co., £68,166 0s. 2d. ; contract C, T. Donovan and Co., £82,374 0s. 1 1/2d. ; con- tract D, Mr. William Styles, £78,817 18s. 0 1/4d. The lowest tender for the four contracts in a lump sum ???? Mr. Donovan's tendcr, which was much lower than Mr. Porter's esti- mate for that section, all these tenders were found to be higher than those last accepted ; but nevertheless their total amount £299,190, was below the estimateof the engineer-in chief, viz , £305,500, inclusive of 10 percent, provision money. The sectional tenders were accepted, but Mr. Donovan failed to comply with the conditions imposed, and his tender fell through. Tho Minister for Railways subsequently offered the missing section C to the three other successful ten- derers, provided they would undertake to do the work so as to keep the cost of the whole four sections within the official estimate. They agreed to do so at first, but found they could not make good their words. The same offer has since been made to Messrs. O'Grady, Leggatt, and Noonan, and accepted, the deposit money has also been paid, and the work will therefore be commenced at once. THE n.TI ISLANDS. In reply to representations made in the Assembly, to the effect that among other pro- posals for tho establishment of a settled go- vernment in theso islands annexation to America, tho proclamation of an independent goa.mmcnt by the white population, and, lastly, annexation to Victoria in the samo way as Norfolk Island avas annexed to Now South Wales, had been severally mooted, Mr. M'Culloch said it must bo clear on all hands that the Fijts should be attached to . Great Britain rather than to any othor poavor ; but tho question to bo considered seemed to him rather in what way could the Imporial Government be induced to take charge of the islands than whothcr Victoria should take stops to attach them to herself at the prosont time. The first thing to do avould bo to endeavour to call the attention of tho Im- porial Government to tho fact of tho Fijis not toeing attached to Great Britain, and to the probability of some othor poaver taking posses- sion of them. That avas a step which all tho colonies should endeavour to prevent, for there was the probability of a foreign power converting the islands into a convict depot. It was not in his opinion dosirablo for tho Government to send an accredited officer to tho Fijis to report on thom, but ho avould bo prepared to bring tho avholo subject before a conference of representatives from tho various Australian colonies, which was to bo held, in Melbourne about the latter end of Juno. Any recommend ation coming from thom would of course have much greater weight with tho Imporial Government than it would coming from any single colony. OTHER MEASURES, &C.; Though only a fortnight's Parliamentary business has been done, some important subjects ha\\-o boen dealt avith in a very signi- ficant manner. First comes tho now mode of dealing with tbo rights of soloctors under the 42ud clause of tho act of 1865. At first the department hold that the condition of residence must in each instance bo insisted on before the Crown grants issuod. Legal opinions, howovor, fortified by thoso of the Crown law oflicors, changed the aspect of "(fairs, which lookod gloomy for many selectors, who aro now informed that it is the intention of tho Goa-ornment to at once act upon those opinions-viz., that rosidonco is not noces sary for soloctors under the Land Act 1805, so long as thoy comply avith tho conditions of improvement. Further, it was stated that it was not tho intention of tho Government to continue tho system of fining selectors for non-payment of rent, becauso it was not con- sidered legal. At tho samo time, selectors who did not pay their rent avould bo dealt avith in a summary manner; notico would be given to the selectors, and if tho rent avas not paid in accordance with tho notice, tho land solocted would bo forfeited. Thon Mr. Langton is in a fair way to obtain a long-desired object, for his resolutions relativo to the proposed change in the commencement of tho financial year, the advisability of closing every year's accounts at the termination of tho period instead of keeping them open, as is now tho practice, for two or three years, and the appointment of a public accounts committee to chock the expenditure, carne on for discussion some fow nights since ; and being moved in a temperate and well argued speech, and ably supported by Mr. Fellows, mot with so much acceptance from tho Ministry as to bo roforrcd by general con- sent to a select committco, who will report as soon as possible Tho chango in the financial year, making it begin on Julyl instead of January 1, is part of the Ministerial pro- gramme. Tho Ministry bave announced that they will not proceed with the appointment, of a Royal commission to inquire into the working of the Lands department, one of the well-worn topics of the stormier debates of the'session ; but Mr. Vale bas given notice of his intention to procure the eraauro of tho original resolution for the appointment of the commission from the journals of tbo House, In reply to ques- tions, the Government have promised to state soon the course they would take in respect to state aid to religion : to bring in this session a short bill to amend the Shires Statute, and another to remedy the leading defects in our insolvency law pending the introduction of a moro comprehensive moasuro noxt session. The Chief Secretary has also indicated an in- tention of appointing a Royal commission to inquire into our penal system. The Abattoirs Statute Amendment Bill bos been read a second time, and has passed through committee. Of the measures promised in Mr. M'Culloch- Ministe- rial statement, tbo Census Bill (for a census in 1871) has nearly passed through com- mittee, and the necessary resolutions have been moved in order to introduce tho Legacy Duties Bill, and Mr. G. P. Smith's oft-rcjectcd Publicans Bill awaits its second reading.^ Tho other matters dealt with aro of local interest merely, but wo may mention that a bill authorising (as required by law) the payment of salaries, wages, &c;, in con- nexion with the water supply works, has passed both Houses, and now only awaits the Governor's assent. THE _EOIS_ATIV_ COUNCIL. The solo business dono in the Council bas been to deal with tho Scab Act Amendment Bill, introduced by Mr. T. T. A'Bcckctt, the Commissioner of Trade and Customs. It has been diligently-pushed forward, and now but two or three clauses havo to be dealt with in committee. The most important provisions in the enactment aro tho establishment of local boards, and the stringontmeasurcs to bo adopted to prevent the travelling or removal of scabby sheep from thoir own runs, as well as their ultimate destruction if they were not clean after having undergone 12 months' curative treatment. The main principles have already been adopted by this branca of the Legislature. THE NEW ESTIMATES FOR 1S70. The following is an abstract of the esti- mated revenue of Victoria for tho year 1870, as laid before the Assembly on Tuesday last by Mr. Francis: Customs.£1,132,500 Excise. 66,000 Territorial . 788 000 Income from public works. 710,300 Ports and harbours. 20,000 Postage. 135.000 Fees . 67,800 Fines and lorlolturos. 7,000 Miscellaneous. 10..800 Total amount.£3,332,200 Tho following are the details of tho esti- mated revenue for 1870 : No. 1.-COSTOMS. £ Spirits . .50,000 Wino . 31,000 Beer and cider. 80,000 Tobacco and snuff-. . 140,000 Cigars . 12000 Tea ... . 65,000 Sujrar and mêlasses . 80,000 Coffee, chicory, cocoa, oud chocolate. .. 14,000 Opium . 21.000 Bico. -. 14,000 Hops. O000 Malt.,. 0.000 Wharfago and harbour rates. 100,000 Duties on Uiver Murray goods, to be col- lected by Now South Wales on behalt oí Victoria. 20,000 All other dutlos .. '. _. 434,500 1,432.500 No. II.-E-CISK. --- Spirits distilled in Viotorla .. .. Publicans'iiconces Auctioneers'llconces. All other licences .. ._ No. III,-TKllRITORIAIi. -Proceeds of eales and receipts towards the purchase of Crown lands, viz. :-By auc- tion, £220,000; accruing from rents and ?elections, £131,400. 351,400 Pastoral occupation, ice. 166,000 Bents and licences ,. .. .. .. 285,000 Minors'richte. 13,000 Business licences. 3,500 Loases of amiferous and mineral lands .. 30,000 Water-right and searching Uconcos, &c.; .. 1,000 788,000 No. IV.-PUBLIC WORKS. - Ballway i ncomo., .. 015,000 Wator Supply-Yan Yoan .68,000 Do. do. on the gold-üolds .. .. .. 700 Electric telegraph. .. 85,000 Toll receipts . 600 710,800 No,- V.-PORTS ANO HARBOURS, No.VI.-POSTAaE.. 1-8.686 No VII.-F-E... -___, Supreme Court. 20,700 Genoral Sessions and County Oourts .. .. 3,400 Courts of Minos. 250 Courts of Potty Se-slonB. 0,460 All other lees . 31000 N0.V1II.-F1KPS. "^ Supromo Court. 100 General Sossiona and County Courts.. .. loo Courts of Potty Sessions . 8,100 All other Fines and Forfeitures .. .. 4,000 NO. IX.-Ml8CE_"ANr.OU8. 7,000 Kents (exclusivo of land) . 1,700 Government printer . C 500 Labour of prisoners .. .. ,. ." _,200 Storago of gunpowder. 1,400 Salo of Govornmont proporty,. 4,000 All other receipts .. ., _, _. 88,000 -0-!¡0. Total estimated rovenuo.. " ..3,382,200 The following is an abstract of Mr. Francis s estimato of expenditure for the ser- vice of tho year 1870 : Salaries and Wages. Departmental Contingencies. AU Other Expenditure. Chief Secretary. Attorney-General . Minister of Justice . Treasurer. Commissioner of Lands and Survey .. Commissioner of Public Works Commissioner of Trade and Customs.. Postmaster-General . Commissioner of Eailways Commissioner of Roads and Bridges.. Commissioner of Mines ._ Deduct advance to Treasurer (Divi-Î sion No. 54), to be repaid.. £ s. d. 287,408 10 10 44,550 16 11 56,881 15 2 59,820 2 11 22,183 6 8 18,620 11 i 59,400 74.CS7 25,540 3,403 9,306 £ 8. d. 151,440 6 6 28,885 O 0 25,570 0 O 33,318 12 6 34,039 21,130 12,975 O 50,420 0 229,372 0 3,200 0 12,990 17 7 0 £ s. d. I 192,174 0 0 I 219,705 15 11 9,850 0 0 225,433 10 0 137,000 0 0 74,650 0 0 18,409 6 2 44,000 0 0 17,075 13 4 661,309 0 2 603,350 3 1 933,293 4 5 i : 60,000 0 O'. 878,298 4 5, SPECIAL APPROPRIATIONS. PART I.-Governor's salary, salary ot atad, ¿to. _ .. £10,000 PART II.-Chief Jurtico. £3,000; threo Puisno Judges, at £2,500 cadi ; Mastor-iu Equity, £l,C0O . 12,000 PAKT III.-Her Majesty's Ministers.. .. 14,000 PAUT IV.-Clerk and expenses of tlio HKO cutlve Council, £1,500 ; Clork and ox ponacs of tlio LogUlativo Council, £4,060 ; Auditor Ocnoral, £2,000. 5,600 PMIT V.-Pensions to olflcors appointed during good hobavlour . 4,000 PAUT VI.-Compensation to the following ofBcers, rotlred on political grounds: Tlio Attorney-General, £033; the Col- lector of Customs (II. C. E. Childers) £860; the Survoyor-Gonoral (Andrew Clarke). 800 Part VII.-Pensions to persons roloascd Irom rcBponsiblo ofllces on political grounds.. .. _. . 2,000 Part VIII.-Publlc worship. 47,009 Unla-orslty of Melbourne . 0.000 Liquidation of corporation bonds .. .. 85,000 Amount of principal duo on water and sewerage debenture, redeemable In 1870 50.000 Interest on water and soworago debentures 7,500 Interest on Mount Alexander Railway do* bentuics .. .. _ .. ." 3,390 Pensions. 1,100 £8 OOO.OOON I £300,000 £850,000 Mntcrost, ice, on loans.. .. 013,000 £2.107.000 I £610,000 J Oommluioiiers of audit ., ,. .. 8.000 Immigration . 5,000 Superannuation or rotirirjjf allowances .. 16,000 Compensation for loss of office .. .. 8,000 Superannuation allowances. SO Electoral o_ponsc- . 5,000 Mining boards. 3 500 Foreign mails. 45,000 Gratuities to masters of vossols .. .. 2,000 Intorest on Post-ofDco Savings-banks de- posits . 1,000 Endowment of road districts, sec. 212 .. . 23,230 Do. do., Bec. 221. 2,600 Endowment of shire councils, seo. 200 .. 160,0 0 Do. do., seo. 205_ . 20,000 Do. do., sec 296. ... 10,000 Borough councils . 2,000 Victorian branch of the Royal Mint.. .. 8,500 Ballway loan liquidation and cons'ruc tlon account. 200,000 For Lady Darling and children .. .. 6,000 £1,355 170 Total._ .. ..£3,498,127 FINANCE ACCOUNTS.-1808, 18G9, AND 1870. The following statement was distributed by Mr. Francis in tho Legislative Assembly : FltJANCR ACCO-KT.-1808. Balance from 1867 .£57,10. Beccipts.3,100,014 Recouped out of loan (Act 832) for expendi- ture on account of graving dock .. .. 09,810 £8,287,053 Expenditure Special appropriations. - £980,817 Votes " .2,199,501 £3,189,321 Balance to 1800. 03,032 £3,287,953 FI-ANCE ACCOUNT.-1809. Balance from 1803 .£9S.032 Eovonuo of 1869 received up t. 7th May, 1870 .. ..'.3,376,525 ProbaMo further receipts. 1,514 To bo recouped from Ballway Loan, £2,634 ; to be recouped from Waterworks Loan, £23.373. 20,007 £3,602,708 Expenditure brought to account of 1869 to - 7tb May, 1870 TJndor special appropriations, £971,018; under votes, £2,089,274.3,000,292 Probable lurther expenditure Under special appropriations, £75,500; under votes, £147,500.223.000 £3,233,202 Balance to 1870 .210,416 £3,502,708 FINANCE ACCOUST-187Ö. Balance from 1S09 .£219,416 Estimated revenue for 1870.3,3.2.200 £3,551,016 Estimated Expenditure Under special appropriations, £1,855,170; uudor votes, £2142,957 .3,408.127 Less ropajinonts tocrodit of expcndlturo accounts, viz, : Police- and Ponai departments, £2,500; and Intended recoups-from Ballway Loan, £16,454; from Waterworks Loan, £20.045 . 38,599 Balance to 1871. - 02,088 £3,651,610 ATTEMPT TO ASSASSINATE MR. G. P. SMITH, M.L.A., AND DEATH OF HIS DEFENDER. The topic of the last few days has been an attempt made to shoot Mr. G. P. Smith M.L.A,, in the public street-unsuccessful so far as Mr. Smith himself was concerned, but unhappily fatal to a man who bravely stepped forward to save the assailed from the assail- ant. On Tuesday afternoon, shortly after 4 o'clock, Mr. Smith was in Victoria-street, near the head of Spring-street, on his way from the Supreme Court, where he had been pro- fessionally engaged during the day, to the Legislative Assembly, when Mr. Gerald Henry Supple stepped up to him, and as soon as he had made sure that the man before him was Mr. Smith, presented a revolver at his head and fired. The first shot missed. Mr. Smith fled, and Mr. Supple pursued, the hitter firing again twice, his third shot taking effect on Mr. Smith's left arm. Then Mr. Smith caught sight of Mr. John Essenen Walshe, who, on being appealed to for pro- tection, interposed, and knocked Mr. Supple down ; but during a struggle on the ground the latter fired, and wounded Mr. Walshe in the abdomen. He was immediately disarmed, and taken into custody shortly afterwards. Mr. Smith's wound proved comparatively light, though the ball had lodged in his arm. Some apprehensions were at first entertained respecting him, but tho ball was safely got out on the evening of the same day, and Mr. Smith was out again on Thursday. With Mr. Walshe, however, the case was painfully different. He died on the afternoon of the second day, at 3 o'clock, in the Hospital. The ball had entered just below the navel, passed through a small portion of the intestines. The cause of the calamitous affair is a gentleman who, for many years past, has been a writer for the Melbourne newspaper press ; at the time of this tragic event, and for some time previously, a contributor to the columns of The Argus and The Australasian, but not upon political topics. He was a contributor to the Age in 1863, at the time Mr. G. P. Smith edited that newspaper. He is a barrister by profession, but practised little. Mr. Smith and he, who held opposite views on Irish politics, if that had ought to do with it, had not spoken for seven years. It seems to be generally believed that Mr. Supple was quite insane when he fired the shots. It is said, however, on the other hand, that Mr. Supple was a man of very strong feelings, and one who, when irritated on any subject, would work himself up into a perfect frenzy of anger against those persons to whom he might bear any animosity. He once-about nine years ago-threatened to shoot a gentleman at whose hands he fancied he had sustained some slight or wrong, and it is said that when in the watchhouse he mentioned the names of several gentlemen with whom he was acquainted as being persons on whom he had intended to wreak his vengeance. People as he had been intimately acquainted with him noticed that for a couple of months past his manner had been strange and eccentric. He has made no disguise of his wish to shoot Mr. Smith, but has stated that the shooting of Mr. Walshe was an accident. Mr. G. P. Smith, it may be necessary to mention, was Attorney-General in the former Administration of Mr. M'Culloch. Mr.Walshe was a publican, keeping the Star of the East Hotel, in Spring- street, about 200 yards from where the affray occurred. He originally came from Sligo, Ireland, and was for two years in the Dublin police. He arrived here about 16 years ago, and joined the police force as a trooper. He subsequently became a member of tho detective force, in which he continued till four or five years ago. He then went to Queensland, and remained there until l8 months or two years ago, when he opened two hotels at different times, both in Collingwood-one in Derby-street and the other in Rokeby-street. He afterwards took the hotel above named. He has left a wife and six children. The sympathy which is universally felt for the family of the unfortunate but brave man is rapidly assuming a practical character. Another portion of our columns to-day bears witness to the efforts which have been made to raise sub- scriptions for them. The Government have announced that Parliament will be asked to vote a sum of money for the widow and children of the deceased. An inquest has been commenced, but adjourned until next week. GOLD AND Tin. GOLD-FIELDS. Tho state of affairs as regards gold-mining may bo described as generally dull, and matters on Ballarat, tho metropolitan gold- field, continuo without much improve- ment from tho somewhat depressed con- dition into which they have fallen. There aro satisfactory accounts from other diggings, moro especially from Sandhurst, which bos always been considered second in importance only to Ballarat as a gold-bearing district. On the whole, it would appear as though there wero not nearly so much room for com- plaint in reference to tho gold industry as somo persons would wish to lead the public to believe, and that the complaints como to a great extent from disappointed speculators in shares and mining sharebrokers, who ûnd butlittlooncouragoment just now forpursuing their occupation. A Ballarat papor states that it "has beon shown the draft prospectus of a new venture proposed to be launched, styled the Ballarat Deep Sinking Company. Tho capital is stated at £50,000, in 60,000 sbaros of £1 each, 2s. Od. being payablo on application, and the balauco by equal instalments, extending over a period of seven months. The object of the company is to test tho nature of the Ballarat quart lodes at a depth of 1,000ft., bysubsidising on equitable terms certain claims which appear to afford tho most likely prospects for deve- loping our mining resources at a hitherto un- tried depth, and securing a profitable return for tbo capital proposed to be invested. It is argued that ovory ono having property in, or who is interested in, the prosperity of Balla rat, has a direct interest in the success of the enterprise." The yield of gold in the Sandhurst district for the month of April, although not equal to that of the previous month, is fairly up to the standard ; it is 21.06Goz. 17dwt. lOgr., giving a weekly average (there being five Saturdays in April) of 4,213oz. 12dwt., as against a yield of 21,173o_. 19dwt. __gr. in March, or a weekly average of 5,293oz. 14dwt. 23gr. ; re- presenting an approximate value of £84,261 for the month, and £1G,S_2 for the week ; as against a value of gold purchased in March, of £S4,4G9 for the month, and £21,172 for the week. There have been several rushes during the month in different parts of the colony. One of theso was to a gully which is a tributary of Sandy Creek. The prospectors of the rush have washed about thirty loads, the yield being loz. to the load. The claim above tbo prospectors bos yielded over 2ioz. to the load, but the general average might bo taken at from 4dwt. to 15dwt. per load. The gold is of good quality, heavy, ragged, and slightly ?waterworn. Shortly after the discovery was m ado known, thero wero somo 500 or 600 miners on the land, buttheground, excepting that near the prospecting claim, bas not as yet been tried sufficiently to allow of a fair opportunity being formed of whether the locality will turn out a large gold-field. There has also been a rush to Kodesdale, near the river Campaspe, and one near Graytown, and reports of new finds in Gipps Land, but it will require further timo to develope these before any positive opinion can be formed as to their value or permanency. Tho reports of the mininç surveyors and registrars for the quarter ending 31st March which have just issued from the Mining department, are especially welcome, as con tninln>rt amongst much which is unfavourable, many facts whicb speak well for the futuro of mining. The export of gold was larger than it has lu en for several quarters past, and compares with the lelurns of 18G9 as follows : Gold exported during the quarter ending oz. dwt. March 81,1869 .. -. .. 351,514 3 Juno 80,1809 .821377 16 September 80,1809 .. .. 332.004 l8 Dccomhcr 81.1809 .. .. 328.981 12 March 31, 1870.357.US4 6 It will thus be seen that the last quarter exceeded its predecessor by upwards of 2,P00oz., and shows a largor export than any similar period of 1809. The general average return of gold is reported by the registrars as having increased in quartz-mining from lOdwt. 6gr. to lOdwt. 19.27gr. to the ton. The reports from the other diggings, with tbo ex- ception of Ballarat, wero of a satisfactory natuie. From the 31st December, 1869, to the 31st March, 1870, the total number of miners showed a decrease from 63,787 to 02,200, the falling off being most observable in the returns from Ballarat, Heathcote, Waranga, Korong, and Barkly. In the Kil- more division, on the other band, tbo num- ber had increased from 28G to 692. The number of reefs actually proved to be aurifer- ous had increased from 2,881 to 2,911, AGRICULTURE. The farmers are again complaining of the ! a\ eather, but not now for the fault usually attributed to the Australian climate. A fow weeks since the country was parched for want of rain, whilst now there li as been so much that the roads are almost impassable where they have not been macadamised, and teams can- not go on the cultivated land to plough it. For a fow days only the ground was in good order for ploughing and sowing, when moro rain fell, rendering much of it altogether too ' wet for either description of work. Thus the wheat sowing will be delayed beyond what is usually the most favourable time, but land soon dries here after the rain ceases, and as JUDG is generally a fine month, the farmers may still get much of thoir seed in before the winter is half over. Last year was unfavourable for late sown crops, but sometimes these aro the best, and we must hope that such maybe tho case this year, It is now some six years since the ground had such a thorough soaking thus carty in the winter, and the want of this was becoming sadly apparent last summer, by the failure of many springs and other sources of avater supply which held out through the drought of the summer before. One effect of the great abundance of rain is to make feed very plentiful ; but as a set off against this advantage much of the hay in stacks is spoil ii/g, and will be only fit for the dungheap. Thecroprof this was everywhere very heavy at last harvest, and prices have conse- quently been low, so that even less than the usual amount of caro, small as this is, was taken to secure the stocks against bad aaeather;. Straw is seldom secured at au under winter is over the threatened superabundance of dry fodder may disappear. Wheat has re- mained at the same price for some months past, about 5s. a bushel; and the fact that South Australia has a comparatively small sin plus for export this year, as proved by the lately collected statistical returns, has caused no change in value. This only corroborates the opinion previously held, that in regard to breadstuff's ave are this year independent of foreign supply, the produce of the colony being sufficientfor thetavelveraonth's consumption. The statistical returns just collected prove this also. The_ yield of oats was large, but this grain is rising in value again, oaving to the destruction of maize in New South Wales by the floods. Horsekeopers in England scom to be only discovering the oconomy of feeding avith tho latter gram, but it is so highly approved of in theso colonies, especially for horses from which very fast work is not re- quired, that it is by many preferred to oats, even at the same cost, weight for weight. Now, however, it has become so scarce that tiie price per bushel is equal to that of wheat, although for a few pounds less, so oats will have to be generally used again for the i cmaindcr of this year at least. All confusion caused by bushels measuring a different aa eight for each sort of grain will shortly, wo ti ust, bo done away with, for it is intended to commence selling by the cental on the 1st of Jnnuary next. Tho chonge was to have been made at the beginning of next half year, or from the first of July ; but persons connected with the grain trade avish for a h nger delay in order that all existing con- ti acts may be brought to a close during tho continuance of the present system. This, at hast, is the reason given, but tho truo ono evidently is the desire to postpone to a moro distant day the necessity for changing a hnbit and learning anything fresh, oven though this is to cause such a manifest saving of trouble. South Australia was pre pnred to commence in July, but neither Neav South Wales nor Tasmania have expressed their readiness to do so, so the change may be expected to be made simultaneously in all from the beginning of noxt year. Wo import gi oin from the whole of the colonies in the group, and avhen wo set the example it must needs be followed. For some time past it has been a disgrace to Melbourne that there was no society capable of getting up an agricul- tural or stock show in the metropolis, tho old Port Phillip Farmers' Society refusing to move on and make room for a new and moro energotic body, but the affairs of this are likely to be wound up at the annual mooting next month, when doubtless an organisation moro avortby of our advanced position will be proposed. Towards the end of last month wos held most successfully a show of dairy produco, got up annually by a patriotic sales- man of farm products, Mr. M'Caw, with the view of improving the character of our butter, cluese, bacon, and hams. Challenge cups, in addition to roany prizes and saa'eopstakes, aie offered, and ea'cry year the invitation to compoto for these is bettor responded to. The show of cheese this time, in lots of Scavt. each, avas really a .ry lino, there being entries from all parts of this co- lony as well as several from New Zealand, and that the quality avas good may bo supposed from tho fact of tho prizo cheeses fetching, when sold by auction, from Is. to Is. 4_d. per lb. Some not placed by the judges, owing to the absence of colouring matter, fetched as much as Is. 2Jd., and not a fow of the parcols exhibited would have been deemed worthy of praise in England. Some of the salt butter was of fair quality, but our progress in chooso mailing is greater than in preserving butter for uso through the summer and autumn whin feed for the coavs is scarce. The rains, which have boen too long continued to please the farmers, have been aa'onderfully beneficial to tho stock-owners in causing such a flush of grass as is seldom seen at this time of year. The oldest settlers remember two or threo seasons only in which tho winter commencod with such an abundanco of feed, or with a prospect of fat Btock being so plentiful. There was an absolute dearth of both feed and water over certain tracts of country south of tho Murray a fow weeks sinco, but there can bo no want of oither again for soveral months at least. The sheep and cattle of Neav South Wales are in unusually good con- dition also, as they bad the benefit of tho rains before tho summer was half over, so that our markets will bo particularly well supplied this winter. In order to take ad- vantage of this fortunato state of things, tho mcat-pieserving companies aro extending operations, or forming branches in con- venient positions. Thus tbel new industry is rapidly assuming large proportions, and must become well established before thero can be again a check from any scarcity of either good beef or mutton. THE LABOUR MARKET. The demand for skilled labour in every trade still continues as great as over, and good workmen aro able to meet with con. stant work at the wages quoted below. This dearth of tradesmen baa been taken advan- tage of by the trade societies for the purpose of imposing whatever rules they please upon the employers. Tho last instance of this kind that has been made public occurred among the coopers. A circular was sent to all the master coopers in Melbourne from the secretary of the Journeyman Coopers' Society, informing thom that the following resolution had been passed at tho last meeting of the society- " That henceforth no employer will be allowed to have more than two apprentices and another when one of these two is in the last year of his time." By "this resolution any small cooper's shed can keep two apprentices, while the largest cooperage in the colony can have no more. Among domestic servants the demand for the last week or two has been better supplied, and fairly qualified house servants could be hired at the quoted wages. Among farming men there is not so much employment as is usual at this time of the year. This is owing to tho land being so wet that farming operations cannot be ex- tensively carried on at present. A few weeks' fine weather, however, will soon remedy this. Domestic Sorvants for Town.-House- maids, £20 to £30 per annum ; female cooks, £35 to £40 per annum ; malo do., 20s. to GOs. per week ; nursemaids, £20 to £30 per an- num ; laundresses, £30 to £40 per annum. For Hotels.-Cooks, malo and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; grooms, 15s. to 20s. per week. For Stations,-First-class married couples for horne stations, £60 to £80 per annum ; second class do., £50 to £60 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £50 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; nursemaids, £25 to £30 per do. ; grooms, £40 to £55 per do. For Farms.-Cooks, £30 to £40 per annum ; married couples, £40 to £50 per do. ; general female sorvants, £30 to £35 per do. Station Hands,-Married couples for out stations, £40 to £50 per annum ; shepherds, first-class, £35 to £45 do. ; butkeepers, £25 to £30 do. ; general station hands, Ins. per week ; lads, 10s. to 12s. por week. Farm Servants.-Ploughmen, 15s. to 20s. per week ; horse-drivers, 15s. to 20s. do, ; ordinary farm labourers, 15s. do. All the above servants are fed and lodged by their employers. Where rations a.e given, the following is the scale per week allowed in Victoria :-101b. to 121b. meat (beef or mutton), 101b. flour, 21b. sugar¡ and ¿lb. tea. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen aro -without rations, unless whero specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Among stonemasons, brick- layers, plasterers, and carpenters an arrange- ment has boon made with the employers that the rate of wages shall be 10s. per day ; builders' labourers (hodmen), 7s. per day ; pick and shovel men, 6s. per day. Tailors.-In first-class establishments good men are scarce, and constant work is to be had at the average of from £3 to £3 15s. per week. In second-class establishments the average earnings are from £2 10s. to £3. In faetones, tailors, best hands, average £2 10s. Tailoressos can earn as follows -.-Trouser and vest hands, 30s, per week ; coat do., 35s, ; pressers, £2, Clothing Machinists.-Best, 30s. per week ; ordinary, 20s. ; shirtmakers (machinists), girls, 12s. Gd. to 17s. ; cutters, 15s. Gd. to 30s. ; finishing, 2s. to fls. per doz. Bootmakers.-In the best establishments, for bespoke work, the rates paid are as fol- low ¡-Wellingtons, 14s. 6d. ; elastics, 12s. ; closing, 8s. ; riding boots, back strap, 24s. In factories good workmen can earn from £2 to £2 15s. per week at slop work. Ordinary hands earn £2 per week. Cabinetmakers.-In the best shops the average earnings of good tradesmen is 12s. per day and upwards, according to ability ; fiolisbcrs, 10s. to 11s. In second-class estab isbments and factories first hands make 10s. per day, and for cabriolo work 12s. ; up- holsterers, 9s. to 10s. ; polishors, 8s. to 9s. ; saw-mill hands, 10s. to 12s. per day of eight hours. Iron Founders, Smiths, &c-Smiths; are paid per hour, and good mon can earn on an average 10s. to 14s. per day ; fitters, 93. to 12s. ; "turners, 14s. ; moulders, 11s. to 14s. ; pattern-makers, 10s. to 13s. ; mechanical engineers, 12s. to 14s. Shoeing smiths earn per day. ~.--«.-. in i,T,.« Stevedores' Men.-Lumpers and wool stowors are paid 12s. per day: foremen, 16s. Tho rate never alters, but there is often a good deal of broken time. Donkey- engine drivers, about £4 per week ; engineers in tow boats, £16 per month. Painters.-Ordinary hands get 8s. por day, but work is not very steady in this trade. Watch Jobbers.-There is a fair demand for steady workmen at £4 por week. Jewellers, enamellers, and single engravers would find ready employment at remunerative wages. Coopers.-Most of the work in this trade is dono by the piece ; the wages fixed by the trade are 10s. per- day of 10 hours. The master coopers complain of a groat scarcity of workmen, both in Melbourne and Sydney. Carriage Builders.-Good workmen aro scarce in all branches of this trade, and can get constant employment at from £3 to £i per week. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week. Saddlers and Ilarncssmakors.-The best bands in this trade earn £3 per week -time, 10 hours por day ; second class (mostly young men), 25s. to 30s. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ;_ second hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trade is 10 hours per day. # Gardeners.-First.-class men-without ra- tions-for situations near town, got 50s. to 60s. per week, but tho demand for best hands is very limited ; do. for country, 50s. ; second class do., near town, S6s. to 42s. per week ; third class for country (with rations), 15s. to 20s. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 40s. per week ; boys 20s. to 25s. per do. each, with board and lodging. The hours in this trade are long. Miners.-The average rate for miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight hours' shift ; breaksmon get a slightly higher rate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz minors in deep sinking, for pit-work, get £2 10a. ; ordinary quartz-miners, £2 5s. and £2, according to tho character of tho work ; engi- neers get from £3 10s. to £3 ; ordinary labourers, 5s. to Gs. 6d. per day. In Bendigo a great deal of the mining is done on tribute. The rates for Bendigo and Ballarat aro generally accoptcd throughout tho country as the criterion for quartz and alluvial miners' wages. MEAT-PRESERVING. Continued prosperity attends those en gaged in tho prosecution of this industry. The incicasing favour with which Australian preseived meats are received at home have en- couraged some of the principal companies to extend their operations, and now manufac- tories aro projected in various parts of the country. A considerable demand has also arisen in the colonies for the noav description of food, and confident hopes are entertained of its increasing, for in proportion as the good qualities of the prosera'cd meat become knoavn, so aro they appreciated. Tho first of a sories of periodical sales of preserved meats has already taken place in Melbourne, and the result was so encouraging that the ex- periment will shortly bo repeated. The news which arrived by the moil respecting the par- tial failure of one of Mr. Tallorman . auction sales in London is not regarded as very serious, as tho depression in the market is considered tobo merely temporary, more es- pecially as a cargo of live cattle, which ar- rived about tho samo timo from Brazil, also turned out badly, without any adequate reason being assigned. The failure which has hitherto attended the consignments of meat prepared according to Professor Gam gee's much-lauded process, has tended rather to encourage tho good opinion entertained by our colonial manufacturers of their own pro- ductions. It avili bo remembered that tho first four cases sent out ox R.M.S. Geelong turned ont very badly, the moat being utterly unfit for use. Nor has the second consignment, which was placed on board the ship Crusader by Mr. Verdon for trial during tho voyage to this colony, fulfilled the expectations of those who believed in Professor Gamgec's process, or borne out tbo character claimed for it by tho professor himself. An accident, however, which occurred early in the voyage, prevented any thoroughly definite opinion being formed of the meat sent on boara for the use -of the passengers. This meat was in carcases, which were put into a large safe on deck, but, unfor- tunately, during a storm, the safe broko away and was smashed, through which the carcases were deluged with salt water._ Tho meat was then removed to a good airy place, and a little of it was subsequently used for the cabin, but it proved to bo very insipid, and most of the remainder was thrown over- board before the ship reached the equator, being then thoroughly bad. It was expected that-o-veral of the casks would havo been publicly opened soon after tho arrival of the ship, but this has not been done, and in con- sequence suspicions " are excited that they have turned out little better than those pre- viously tested. It was mentioned last month that the desirability of establishing in the country districts branch factoriesin connexion with the Melbourne Meat-preserving Company had attracted some attention, especially at Bal- larat. Since then the matter has been ener- getically taken up in that enterprising town. The directors of the Melbourne Company are at present divided in opinion as to the general policy of establishing branch factories, but they have called an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders for 2nd June to con- sider a proposition on tho subject emanating from certain gentlemen at Ballarat, who arc anxious to have an establishment there, and who have expressed themselves as being able to obtain 5,000 shares subscribed for in this company at a premium of 20s. each, say in all £30,000, of which sum £23,000 is to be cm 1 ployed in working a branch factory in their district, and 5,000 to go to the general profit and loss fund of the company, so that the old and new shareholders may be placed on the same footing. In order to give effect to this proposition the directors consider it avili be necessary, in the first instance, to raise the present capital of the company to £75,000, in 15,000 shares of £5 each. Should, however, the proposal fall through, the matter has now gone so far that in all probability an indepen- dent company will be established, and a cir- cular to that effect has been signed by most of the principal stock-agents in the town. Some spot on the lino of railway, about threo or four miles from Ballarat, it is thought, would be a good placo for the new company to build its manufactory. It is expected that the Government will make such alloavances in tho cost of freight that the cost of sending the company's produce to the sea-board will exceed by a very small amount the cost of shipping the produce of the Melbourne Company from tho establish- ment on the Saltavater River. It is also said that the Deniliquin people propose to raise so much capital among themselves, and to place it at the disposal of one of the Melbourne companies, on the condition that a meat preserving dopôt is placed at Deniliquin. The operations of some of the companies are so extensive that the expense of paying an inspector of abattoirs so much for every head of cattle or each skin inspected by him is felt to be a serious burden, and an effort is being made in tho Legislature to do away with inspection fees in the case of meat-preserving companies. A somewhat novol method of disposing of a portion of its meats has been adopted by the Echuca Meat-presorving Company, viz., by public auction, and so far tho experiment has been attended with success. At the first sale; which took place a fow days ago, at the stores of Messrs. It. Goldsbrough and Co., about 150 persons attended, many of them being gentlemen largely interested in squatting pursuits. The quality and manner in which the meats were pre- served met with general approbation, and all tho lots offered were speedily cleared off at satisfactory prices. 900 coses mutton, of 12 tins, each 01b., brought 4d. per lb. ; 500 cases realised 33d. ; and 500 cases, 3_d. Sheep's tongues sold at 7-Jd. to 7Jd. AU tho kidney soup was placed at 7d. çer lb. Should the preserved meat sold open in London as avoll as tho samples exhibited, no doubt a higher price will be obtained. The tallow from this estab- lishment already commands the highest price in the market. Although the company hasbeen only eight months in existence, and only four months at work, no less than (1,000 sheep per aveck are disposed of by preserving and boiling doavn. A proposal has been made to start a meat- presorvingcompanyand tannery atSand hurst, with a capital of £15,000, in shares of £1 each. When the share-list was opened no fowcr than 5,250 shares were subscribed for at the meeting convened to initiate the scheme. Shares in the Victorian Company aro being taken up in a satisfactory manner. This company, in addition to continuing the old process of preserving the meat in fat, also intend to revive the process of tinning meat and soups, and of making'.extracts, which had to be discontinued by the old company for want of proper accommodation. _ _e Warr- nambool Company is getting on very avell, and sent off lately 500 cases of preserved meats for shipment to London, per the Dover Castle, and 750 more, per the Loch Earn. The operations of the company are being ex- tended.^ The^nremises are. being altered so mutton, and it is intended"before "long lo preserve wild rabbits, as orders for supplies have been already sent in. Tho company has received by the incoming mail an order from a large mercantile firm in London for a supply of meat. In reference to the cost of boiled mutton, &c;, the directors last week resolved to reduce the price one penny per lb. on all articles oxcept shocp's tongues. Some beef preserved on Mr. Manning's (New South Wales) system was tested tho other day. Before it was cooked it looked very fresh, al- though it had been opened for some months, but on being tasted its flavour was not con- sidered palatable, though not so bad as to piovo uneatable. Tho recontly formed Goulburn (N.S.W.) Meat-preserving Company, avhosemachineryis now being manufactured in Melbourne, pro poso to introduce some slight novelty into their tinning process, the presumed improve- ment being an alleged assimilation to the machinery used at tho Government meat preserving establishment connected avith Her Mujcsty's dockyard, Deptford. The main difleronces are only two in number, and in eludo; a different scaldor and cooling-trough, and a now lifting apparatus. In the new scaldcr the use of coils is abandoned, and the pan is "jacketed" instead. The purpose of this variation from the former pattern is to »ecure the meat from over-heating, and con- sequent over-cooking. The difference in the lifting apparatus does not seem to be of very great importance, but the result of the chango in the scalding and cooling will doubtless be watched avith some interest. All tho shares of the Sydney Meat-presera-ing Company have been taken up, and orjerations will, no doubt, bo quickly commence-. DIAMOND MINING. Scarcely anything has appeared during the month past with reference to diamond mining. The heavy and continuous rainfall in the diamond district bos no doubt put a temporary stop to the progress of mining. The last mail hence took away 991 Mudgee diamonds, weighing 242J carats, shipped by the Hon. W. Highett, who on the very day before their departure received 354 moro, also from Mudgee, and doubtless tbey will follow by this mail. The following piece of now3 has come from that district :-Mr. It. H. D. White, of tho Bank of New South Wales, lately submitted for the inspection of a local journalist, four largo diamonds recently ob- tained on the Two-mild Flat, Mudgee. The largest one weighed upwards of two and a half carats, the second one carat and three quarters, and the other two somewhat less. Somo time ago Gaugu and party found in tho same locality a diamond weighing five and five-eighth - carats, which was sold by the Bank of New South Wales on his account to a Melbourne purchaser for £100. This dia- mond was sent to England to be cut, and on its rotura was sold for £100. Competent authorities state that if progress is made tbo proper drift will be discovered, those yet found being merely outsiders. £G00 worth of diamonds woro sold on tho ground by tho bank on the 11th April. IMMIGRATION. Since last month two ships carrying Govern- ment immigrants have arrived in Melbourne The Percy arrived on the 28th April, bringing 308 Government immigrants and warrant passengors, most of whom, according to the usual custom, went to their Monds or rela- tions, leaving only 28 females for engagement. Tlioso were at once employed, thero being at least threo emplojers for each servant at tho hiring. The Crusader arrived on the Oth May, bringing 435 Government im- migrants and wari ant passengers, only 31 of whom woro for hiring, the others going to thoir friends and relatives. They wore all engaged at current wages within a few minutes after the depot was opened. The first instal- ment of immigrants sent out by the Wigan Co-operativo Emigration Association arrived by the s.s. Great Britain on the 14th May. The party is composed of two classes of immi- grants. Baxendalc, the originator of the scheme, and three brothers named Brooks, come out under the warrant s. store, their por- tion of the passage-money having been sub- scribed by the association. The remainder, con- sisting of six or seven families, were selected by Mr. Verdon, and are Government immigrants All the immigrants belong to a very useful class of labourers. Like most working men residing in the mining districts of England they aro accustomed to both farm work and mining, and can turn their bands to eithor description of labour with equal facility. THE FLOODS. Since tho departure of the last mail the neighbouring colony of New South Wales has been visited with a series of the most disas- trous Hoods ever known. The wet weather set in on the 20th April, and has continued with short interruptions up to the present date. By the 25th tho rivers began to rise above their banks, and communication by the northern telegraph was interrupted. Tho Hunter roso six feet in one day. Immense damage was done to property. All thelow-lying lands were underwater, and large quantities of stock drowned. On the 28th April the embank- ments at Maitland gave way, and the town W03 partially submerged, the Court-house and Police-office being destroyed. The inhabi- tants of Gunnedah were obliged to take to tho hills for safety, the town beiug under water Seven porsons lost their lives. The town of Denman suffered very much, soveral houses being washed away by the floods. The Northern Railway was rendered impas- sable beyond Hexham. At the end of the month the rain ceased, and hope were entertained that the worst was now over, but rain soon sot in again. Wagga Wagga was the first to feel the effects A great Hood took place, and the town was soon bali under water. The Nepean rose no |le_s than 20ft. from sunrise to sunset on the 1st May. The Macquarie and Hawks- bury Rivers were again Hooded, and many lives were lost. The iron bridge at Gundagai was carried away by the flood on the 3rd inst., the jmassive iron girders being carried a considerable distance by the force of the torrent. At Windsor a number of houses were washed away, and a largo amount of distress was occasioned. At Shoal- haven the flood was 4ft. higher than tho great flood of 1860. The telegraph and post-oflicos and a large number of houses were swopt away. The distress prevailing in Maitland was now represented as really fearful, and applications for relief came in from all quaitors. Hundreds of unfortunate people had escaped only with the clothes they stood in, and were without food or shelter. The mayor telegraphed to Sydney for authority to render aid to those in actual want, and received permission to do so to the extent of £100, a sum wholly inade- quate to afford anything beyond the most temporary assistance to the sufferers. In West Maitland the number of those flooded out of their homes exceeded 1,000. On the 13th inst. the rain ceased as suddenly as it began, and a few days of fine weather seemed to promise that at last the danger was past, hut rain again set in, and the rivers were flooded. Wagga Wagga was again Bab merged, the Murrumbidgee rising to within 23in. of its former level ; 5,000 acres of crop on the Hunter were destroyed. The Sydney telegram of May 20 states that tho floods in the interior are again doing great damage in. every direction. As soon as the particulars of the distress existing in Sydney was known in Melbourne, a meeting of subscribers to the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the floods in 18G0 was held, and the amount of money in hand, amounting to over £1,000, forwarded to the Floods Relief Committee in Sydney. WhiicSydney was thussuffenngsuch serious damage, the weather continued very fine in Victoria, with tho exception of Gipps Land, where the rain began to fall in torrents about the 10th of the present month. By the 14th the rivers bad overflowed their banks, and the low-lying country in all directions was under water. The coaches wero stopped, several bridges swept away, and the town of Stiatford was completely surrounded with a sheet of water. The damage done is vory great in every part of tbo district, but, for- tunately, with the exception of ono miner diowncd at Walhalla, there has been no loss of life. The floods still continue, but the weather has to all appearance cleared up, and the worst may now be considered over. The damage to property is very great, but until the waters subside its extent can only bo guessed. A local committee for the relief of the sufferers has been formed, and sub- scriptions are coming in pretty freely. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the Victorian Railways for the week ending 12th May exhibit a slight in. creaso over those of the corresponding period of last year. The returns for the passenger traffic show a slight falling off as compared with last year, but this is no doubt to bo at -nuuio- .« ..m almost constant -wof- woathor which has prevailed of late. The returns for the passenger traffic amount to £3,00C 3s. lid. as against £3,081 9s. 2d. for the same period of last year, showing a falling off in this return of £7G 5s. 3d. for tho week. The amount received for tbo carriage of goods is £6,2.7 10s. 5d" as against £5,922 2s. lid. for the cor- responding week of last year, showing an in- crease of £335 7s. Gd. in favour of the present year. The cattle traffic shows a return of £G0S Is. as against £673 2s. lid., giving an in- crease of £24 ISs. Id. as compared with tho return for the same period last year. Tho total returns for the week amount to £10,355 0s. 7d. as against £10,245 11s. 7d. last year, showing an increase of £109 9s. in favour of the present year. The aggregate returns to dato amount to £201,907 0s. 3d., as against £200,291 lGs. Sd., showing a falling off ia tho present year's returns of £1,32416s, 5d,, as compared with lost year. Tho weekly average (19 weeks) amounts to £10,787 14s. 9d., as against £10,8"7 9s. 4d" showing a falling off in tho weekly average of £G914s. 7d. as compared with last year's returns. The following statement shows the gross re- venuo of the Victorian Railways, from the 1st January, for the last five years :-To the 10th May, 18G6, £203,510 0s. 7d. ; to the 16th May, 18G7, £203,004 10s. lid. ; to the 14th May, 1808, £212,68311s. 2d. ; to the 13th May, 1869, £200,291 10s. 8d. ; to the 12th May, 1870, £204,907 0s. 3d. The returns of the Melbourno and Hohson's Bay United Railway Company for the four weeks endinf? 12th May show an incroas over the corresponding period of last yoar ia every branch of traffic. The amount received for tho carriage of passongors is £7,200 14s. lid., as against £0,G14 Is. Gd. for the corre- sponding month last year, showing an in- crease of £C8G 13s. 5d. Tho goods traffic gives a return of £2,9S9 Os. 2d., as against £2,389 3s. lid. last year, showing an increase in. this branch of traffic of £599 lGs. 3d. The total returns for the month amount to £10,18915s. Id., as against £9,003 5s. Od., showing an ia crease on the month's returns of £1,180 9s, 8d. in favour of the present year. The aggre- gate returns from the 1st of January to ßtli of May amount to £52,314 12s. 2d,, as against£51,4r)910s. 3d., tho returns tothelStb. May last year showing an increase in favour of the present year of £855 Is. lid. The weekly average is £2,774 5s. 7d., as against £2,708 7s. lid., showing a weekly increase of £6517s, Sd. over the receipts of last year. THE THEATRES. Tho Royal and the Princess's Theatres have been open during the last month, and good business has been dono in both. At the former house Mr. Charles Mathews has beon delighting his audiences by his repre- sentations of a round of characters, most of which bo bos performed in the principal theatres at home, and thus rondored any colonial criticism on his abilities for the benefit of English readers quite superfluous. The characters which Mr. Matthews has played during the month havo beon Sir Charles Coldstream in " Used Up," Mr. Gatberwool in the farce of that name, Sir Fretful Plagiary and Mr. Puff in " The Critic," Mr. Paddington Green in "If I had but a Thousand a Year," Plumper in "Cool as a Cucumber," Mr. Jones Robinson Brown smith in " Little Toddlekins," Young Wilding in "The Liar," Harry Jaspar in "A Bachelor of Arts," Captain Pattor in "Patter v. Clatter," Mr. Walkinghom Potts in " Trying it on," Sam Noggins ia "Aggravating Sam," and Mr. Felix Hose mary in "An Appeal to the Public." The present week is announced as tho last but two of Mr. Mathews- engagement in this colony, and at its conclusion ho will, no doubt, visit the neighbouring colonies, where be may confidently expect as genial a welcome as he has received in Victoria. The business at tho Princess's, as previously stated, has been good during tho month. The management in the first portion of the Eeriod brought out a new version of Lost lynne, the characters of Lady Isabel Carlyle and Madame Vine being suBtainedbyMissRoso Evans, who was supported by a portion of the Royal company. With the assistance of _the sisters Duvalli in their ballot dances, and beat comedy in afterpieces, East Lynne had a fair run. It was withdrawn for Mr. Andrew Halliday's version of Littlo Em'ly, and the 'latter has continued to draw good houses nverBince. Thosccnery painted for this piece was exceedingly good. Those who witnessed a somewhat similar dramatisation of Mr. Dickens's novel in this colony some years ano by Mr. George Fawcett, who himself nerformed the character of Micawbor, con mder Mr. Fawcett's by far the best adap- tation; still the one at prosent being rarformed bas mot the approbation of a __rtion of tho theatro-going public, as is _vinced by tho good run (forjtnis colony) « which the piece has commanded. The Haymarket Theatre, which was in a state of siege when tho last mail left by rival claimants for possession, has beon re-opened within the last few days, ono of tho con- tending parties-Messrs. Harwood and Co. having been driven out of the theatre by the other claimants. Tho theatre was opened last week by Mr. H. B. Wilton, for the pro- duction, as announced, of burlesque, comedies, vauuovillf« farce, and grand spectacular ballet, butfipflly tho most indifferent success has So far attended the efforts of tho manager, whose audiences have been small indeed. The Lystor-Smith opera company aro still carrying on a not very successful season in Sydney, New South Wales. Bliss Docy Stewart, who for some years Las beon a favourito actress in the colony in light comedy, burlesque, &c;, took a fare- well benefit on the 20th ult. prior to her re- tirement from the stage into domestic life. Miss Stewart was presented by a number of her friends and admirers with a pair of mas- sive gold bracelets set with diamonds and opals, for which Mr. R. Stewart, her father, returned thanks on her behalf. AMUSEMENTS. Tho past month has been a most unin tcrcstingoneas regards out-door amusemontsi bat the fact is ono that must have been ex- pected by all persons in the colony, tho period of the year over which the month extends being invariably the dullest and moat unsuit- able for athletic or other sports. The winter or rainy season generally commences about April, putting a stop to cricket, whilo at the same time the football clubs, which have become quito an institution in Melbourne and all its numerous suburbs, have not then so sufficiently organised their winter programmes as to be able to bring off any important matches. The football season, however, commences to-day, and is to be suitably opened by a match between sides chosen from the clubs north and south of the Yarra. ThcEnglish pedestrians have not yetre turned from the neighbouring colony of New South Wales, and the race which was to have como off between Harris, the Australian champion, and Frank newitt has fallen through, Hewitt having paid forfeit. As each of the men had previously won two events out of five, and the 300 yards contest was tbo fifth in a match of five, the Australian will doubtless claim the championship, but it is not probable that he will hold it without farther question by Hewitt. ïlio sporting editor of The Australasian writes to the following effect respecting the matches which were modo between two of tlic English peds and two colonial ones : "As several statements, more or less in- correct or incomplete, respecting the matches made between Harris and Hewitt and Higgins and Bird have lately appeared, we give the full particulars respecting them. The match for 300 yards, for £100 a side, between Howitt and Harris is now off. It was made on behalf of Hewitt on the 13th of April, and £20 aside avas staked in oar hands. The second deposit of £30 a side was duo on the 10th inst. Tuesday last Harris duly posted his money in our Hands, but Hewitt failed to do the same, conse- quently ave havohanded over the£70 to Harris. In the match Higgins v. Bird, £15 aside was staked avith us. The second deposit of £45 a side was duo within seven days of the termination of Bird's contract with Messrs. Coppin and Co., avhich avas, we understand, on the 27th ultimo. Before then, the backers of each man agreed to draw stakes and let the match fall through. In tho meantime a telegram was sent to us from Sydney, signed by Bird's trainer, to the effect that Bird's second deposit avould te paid. Since then wo have heard nothing further, nor received any further deposit, and shall foravard the stakes deposited to the respectivo backers of the men. With respect to the 300 yards race between Harris and Hewitt, Harris expresses his readiness at any time to make a fresh match with Hewitt at that distance first, and when that is decided he will be opon to run other distances. Hewitt may be expected from Sydney at the end of this month. He has complained to us of the treatment ho has received from Messrs. Coppin and Co., but from all wo can gather wo do not think he has any cause to com- plain. In fact, wo moy state that one gentleman interested in the speculation put himself to much personal trouble and in- convenience to ensure Hewitt's comfort whilst he was in training hero for his matches with Harris, having given up his own résidence to Hewitt and his trainer." NEW ZEALAND NOTES. But little progress has been made toward the completo restoration of peace in Neav Zealand since our last summary. The greater portion of the month has boen occupied in preparations for another campaign against To Kooti, avho, if the reports aro true, can scarcely recover the crushing defeat he sus- tained a short time back at the hands of the native allies. It will be remembered that after the capture of the Maraetai pah, in the Uriwera country, avhere he had entrenched himself for thewintor, To Kooti, avith the remnant of his followers, escaped, and are now concealed in some of tho wildest country in the North Island. Tbo value to be attached to the recent victories achieved by liopala and Kemp, and other friendly leaders of less note, is much discussed. Some con- sider the war as virtually over, while others prognosticate more trouble for the future. It cannot, however, bo denied that these suc- cesses, if energetically followed up, will do much toextinguishthepresentrebellion. Many of his former friends have deserted Te Kooti, and as large quantities of his stores and gun- powder have been captured, he is almost avith out am munition. The number of men he has with bim is very uncertain. Official reports say thathehad only about 20 with him when ho got away from Kemp and Ropata, but an intclli fentand usually well-informed native chief as stated that instead of 20 he had 170 mon with him. The difference botween theso statements is so wide that none but the ardent believers in the Fox Administration feel any confidence in the loaver ostimate. The truth is most .hkoly to be found between the two. Whatever the number of his fol- lowers, there can bo little doubt but that To Kooti has suffered severely from the short and really brilliant cam- paign of the friendly natives against him. Ho is irretrievably cut off from tho country of the Maori King. Had he sought refuge there, and promised to bo quiet, there can be little doubt that he would have found it a safo asylum, for King Taavhaio, and his ad- visers, though anxious to seo tho avar ended, ooftiot really wish to seo Te Kooti beaten, and still less to hear of his being hanged as an outlaw and a murderer. Kemp and "'opia, avith the natives under their command, have rotured from the war, but Ropata has organised a party to hunt up Te Kooti in his mountain fastnesses, and ho is sanguine of ultimate success. A late telegram announces that To Kooti is in a valley at tho head of tho AVaioeka Gorge, and that Ropata has started from Poverty Bay with 400 or 500 men in pursuit. He in Ítends to call upon the Uriweros to surrender bemselves, and if they do, as most pro 'ably they will, as their ammunition is ex- pended, be will brioc thora to Poverty Bay as prisoners. Nothing definite has been lieaid of his movements, but he is too ener- getic a general to let much time pass without taking decided action. It is rumoured, but with what correctness itis difficult to say, that To Kooti is expected at Tokangamutu, and has to lay down his sword to the lung, who has promised to protect him as long as he remains with him at TokSQgamutu, and will not allow him to bo molested by either natives or Europeans. The principal Maori rebels cap tured recently have beon sent to Wellington for trial, but it is not probable that this can take placo un til Ropata returns, as several most important witnesses aro ^attached to his ex- pedition. Mr. M'Lean, the Defence Ministor, 5?ct/"_» Ngatiporou chiefs near the East ^apu, °-hort time back, and in acknoavlodge njent of their great services, formally gave up ah chums on the part of the Government to tneconflscated land in the Ngatiporou district. .i?° Deccssary reserves wore, however, raado with tho consent of the tribe, including 5,000 acres of fino rich land at Tologa Bay, fit for settlement. Those of the West Goast natives w_p havo been fighting against To Kooti, nnder command of Kemp, have returned to »» anganui. Thoy havo beon deservedly feted jüid made much of for the good services they navo rendered in suppressing tho rebellion. Aa an acknowledgement of tho kindness with 'winch thoy were treated, they consented to perform a war dance for the delight of their entertainers. The sight appears to have sug- gested in the minds of some persons disgust- ing thoughts, as evidencing the small amount of good civilisation bos yet done for the Maori race. With the exception of the war news, the intelligence for the month is of little interest. Political parties aro preparing for the strife which it is expected tho coming session of Parliament will initiate. Mr. Stafford, the ex- Premier, and Mr. Fox, tho cresent ono, havo both addressed large public meetings on tho leading questions or the day. The question of provincialism versus centralism is attracting much attention. Mr. Stafford avows himself as more than over a staunch opponent of the provincial system. Mr. Fox, on the other band, does not appear to hold such decided opinions on the subject. It is probable that this, and many other inte- resting topics, will bo brought before the As- sembly when Parliament meets next month. Mr. Stafford further advocates a largo schemo of immigration, expressing a desire to seo New Zealand populated "simul- taneously" in all parts. The chief topic upon which Mr. Fox spoke was the war, which he considers as ended ta far as hard fighting goes. Ho admits that probably £250,000 will be the war cost of the year, in- cluding months of cxpensivo outlay, the legacy of his predecessors. This is £50,000 more than was voted for war purposes; but there is a set-off of somo £8,000 of repayments, and a largo claim for roadmaking by the armed constabulary, which will be liquidated out of a vote of £SO,0CO passed last year, to bo espe- cially paid by the North Island for roads made for the benefit of that island. It is antici- pated that the Ministry will be able to meet Parliament with a full working majority. Tho policy of tho Government in subsidising friendly natives against Te Kooti having proved successful, has of course told in favour of the Ministry. It is admitted now by even those who conscientiously opposed Ministers last session, that if the statement of expendi- ture lately announced be correct, the successes which have been achieved havo been attained at a small cost, while the state of tho colony is unquestionably improved, and peace may be considered practically accomplished. Evidence of this lattor fact may be seen in tho sale, at high prices, of land in and about the new township near the River Patea, the boundary between^ the provinces of Welling- ton and Taranaki, not long since overrun with Hau-baus under Titokowaru, where 12 months ago people would have been afraid to dwell. Some disappointment has been felt regard- ing the fall in price of New Zealand flax in the London market ; but many people are still sedulously cultivating it- It is satisfactory to mention that the ex-rebels in Taranaki are favourable to the cultivation of the immense fiolds of flax which exist in that province. They begin to appreciate the benefit that will accrue to themselves from the leasing.of their flax land to Europeans. There are already 28 machines at work in that province, and more will speedily follow. The news from the gold-fields is, on the whole, favourable On tho Thames gold- field the yields from the Long Drive are fail- ing, but those of the Mariners' Reef UTO rising. A good deal of silver is being obtained from this field. At the Coromandel, alluvial gold has been found, and gives good promise of payable results. The Otago gold-fields are steadily progressing, but Hokitika still suffers from dulness. In Nelson the prospects are excellent, some of the reefs producing splen- did stone. The colonists do not appear to havo yet solved the difficulties attending the adoption of a system of mail communication satisfac- tory to all parties. Agitation on the subject still continues. Mr. Macandrow, tho super- intendent of Otago, favours the sub- sidising of a lino of steamers direct from Great Britain to Dunodin. Pro- vincial councils are at liberty to appro- priate a certain portion of their land re- venue for the promotion of immigration to the colony. If £25,000 a year is thus.set apart for three years, and employed in pay- ment of a considerable part of the passage money of each emigrant, Mr. Macandrew thinks it would not bo difficult to arrange for a direct steam line in 50 days, the guaranteed number of passengers being, of course, tho inducement offered. The mail service to California, which makes Auckland its port of call, is not much fancied by people of the Southern Island, who are anxious to establish a line, and if necessary to subsidise it out of provincial revenues, by which the steamers can cither call at Dunedin or Wellington on both voyages. NOTES FROM THE SEA. WitECK or THE WAI/TEH, HOOD.-The ship Walter Hood, owned by Messrs. G. Thompson and Sons, of Aberdeen, was wrecked on the 26th of April, at the south side of Cape St. George, south of Sydney ; 11 per. sons were drowned, out of passengers and crew of 31. The Walter Hood, Captain Latto, passed through the Downs on the 22nd January, and had a moderately favourable passage to Cape Otway, which was passed on the 23rd ultimo, 90 days out ; she had a good run through tho straits, and sighted Gabo Island light at 1 a.m. on Monday, 25th ult.i it was then blowing strong from S.E., tho ship carrying topgallantsails. At 3 a.m. on Monday, a heavy squall struck the vessel, tho topsails were blown from the bolt-ropes, and a seaman named Wilkie was washed ovor board. * The ship being well clear of Cape Howe was kept away, and fresh sails bent : but tlio breeze hardened to a violont gale, and tho fore and main topsails again wero lost. A maintopgallantsail was then bent as a forotopsail, and the ship kept her course under foresail, foretopsail, mainsail, and foro topmast staysail, the wind blowing a perfect hurricane, and a fearful sea running, with thick dirty weather ; but the ship behaved well, and no danger was anticipated, when, at 5 p.m. on Tuesday, 26th, land was sighted on the starboard bow to windward. Captain Latto, finding ho could not weather the point, attempted to stay her, but she would not come round, and ho then woro her round on the port tack ; the wind being from S.E. to E.S.E., ilyimg about in suddon squalls, the vessel heading about S. by W. ; but it was impossible to claw off on cither tack ; nicht closed in, and then Cape St. George light was seen astern ; no land was observable to leeward, tho weather being too thick, and at about 8 p.m. she struck ; the port anchor was then let go, which brought her up head to sea, Captain Latto was forward directing, when a sea broke on board, and, it is supposed, drove him against tho spars or bulwarks ; but the result was that some of his ribs were broken ; ho was at once conveyed to his cabin, and assist- ance and remedies at command wero adminis- tered. The heavy seas sweeping the decies fore and aft compelled all bands to tako shelter in the cabin, and so tho first night passed. Daylight of the 27th disclosed to the helpless crew more clearly thoir dangerous situation. The vessel was within 150 yards of the shore, but cut off from all communi- cation by a terrific surf, and tho ship break- ing up and bumping heavily. At 0 a.m. the mizen mast was cut away to ease her, but it had little or no effect : a boy named Davis was carried overboard with it, and was drowned. By noon the decies had broken up, and the ship settling on bor port side tho cargo was con- tinually being washed out. About this time Captain Latto carno on deck, but was com- pelled to go below again, and he was shortly after seen floating away to leoward ; the bulk- head of the cabin having given way, he bad been washed out. No help could bo rendered, and after a few ineffectual struggles to re- gain the ship, ho sank, and was no more seen. The day wore on, and still no help at band. The wind, however, shifted to tho west- ward, giving somo indication of a lull and consequent abatement of the sea. Mr. Hainos, a passenger, was then induced to attempt reaching the shore by swimming, but was drowned. Ashton, a seaman, and Sinclair, the boatswain, noxt made for the land, but shared the same fate, tho surf being too heavy on the beach. That night Harry (the cook) died from exhaustion. Tho next (Thursday) morning, 28th, tho weather provod fine, and the sea more moderate, when Wil- liams and Branson, two seamen, attempted to cet a line ashore. Branson, who had the line attached to him, was drowned. Williams reaching the shore in safety. This gave some confidence, and one of the boys succeeded in gaining the beach, followed by Mr. Hewison (chief officer), and Mr. Cullen (second officer) ; Coombes next at- tempted, and was drowned, M'Pherson, Lemon, and Moyes (seamen), and Gale, an apprentice, went noxt, M'Pherson and Gale only being saved. Those on shore made every endeavour to got a line to the wreck, but with no success. The night was passed like the two preceding ones-no food, no water, and but faint hopes of seeing another day ; still those on the wreck bold out. Friday, 29th, proved a fine clear day, with still less sea, and as it advanced several people woro seen on the beach. The Messrs. Smith (passengers) swam ashore, leaving thirteen souls on the wreck. That afternoon, at ö o'clock, they learnt tho joyful intelligence that help was at hand, but in their famislied state they wero compelled to kill a dog belonging to the cap- tain, which was eagerly eaten, tho blood being sayed_ in a sou'-wester, and shared out. At midnight a steamer's lights wore seen, but it was too dark for her crew to attempt near rag the wreck ; but the next morning, at 7 a.m., a boat carno within reach, and by means of a lino all got off the wreck, and were taken on board the Illalong, s.s., whore, it is needless to say, every attention and kindness was shown them ; by her thoy were brought on to Sydney, and landed shortly after 9 p.m. The following is a list of the crew and pas- sengers ¡-Drowned-Captain A. Latto; Mr. Homes, passenger; Sinclair, boatswain; Ashton, Julian, Branson, Coombes, Moyes, Lemon, Davis, seamen ; Harvey, cook. Saved-Mr. Hcwison, chief officer ; Mr. Cullen, socond officer; Mr. Tickler, third officer ; Berry, steward ; Thom, sailmaker ; Gray, carpenter; Turner, M'Phorson, Wil- liams, Croy, Dunkerton, Parnell, Maul, Scott, Butchart, seamen ; Gale, Sinclair, Lindsay, Wilson, Fenwick, and a boy name unknown, apprentices. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURE HOS P1TAL. The following is the list of the deaths that have taken place in the Melbourne Hospital since our last summary, specifying as far as is known, tho names of the deceased personsi their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which thoy arrived, and tho causes of death ; Anderson, alias Ferguson, Elizabeth, aged 27, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1859 by the Yorkshire ; died April 28, of pneumonia. Blake, John, labourer, aged 41, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1852 by the Vulcan ; died May 5, of phthisis. Beeching, James, labourer, aged 55, native of London; ship and dato of arrival unknoavn ; died May 10, of epilepsy. Blewitt, Gabriel, mason, aged 70, native of Cornwall ; arrived in 1853, ship un- known ; died May 14, of Potts' fracture. Cooper, Robert, printer, aged 31, native of Scotland ; arrived in 18G3 by the Royal Family ; died April 23, of fracture to the skull. Cattana, Bridget, aged 40, native of Ireland ; arrived in 18-0 by the Lady Peel ; died April 2?, of phthisis. Carey, Honora, laundress, aged 40, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1855 by the Bermondsey ; died May 2, of ascites. Cattormole, Henry, butcher, aged 35, native of London ; arrived in 1854 by the Robert Passenger ; died May G, of cardiac dis- ease ; Carter, James, plasterer, aged 42, native of England ; died on the Gth May, of accidental injuries to the head ; further particulars un- known. Coromo, -, seaman, nativo of Java ; arrived in 1870 by the Australian Packet ; died May 12, of pneumonia; further particu- lars unknown. Darringdon, Jacob, labourer, aged 42, native of Manchester ; arrived in 1803, by the Landsborough ; died April 28, of cardiac disease. Fowler, Mary, aged 42, native of Notting- hamshire ; arrived in 1800 by the James Baines ; died April 20th, of phthisis. Fallen, Patrick, labourer, aged 44, native of Ire- land ; arrived in 18G5 by the City of Mel- bourne ; died May 20, of renal disease. Hankard, Bridget, aged 29, native of Ire- land ; arrived in 1801 by the Great Tasmania ; died April 24, of phthisis. Howard, Mary, aged 24, native of lieland ; arrived in 18G8 by the Great Britain ; died May G, of dyspepsia, from alcohol. Hallett, Thomas, seaman, aged 28, native of Somersetshire ; arrived in 1870 by the Wooloomooloo ; died Mayl8, of cardiac disease. Kelly, Kate, aged IG, bom at sea ; arrived in 1803, by the Mary Moore ; died April 27, of phthisis. Knighton, WE, miner, aged 30, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1845 by the Lawrino ; died May 13, of aneurism. M'Cormack, Michael, miner, aged 33, nativo of Dublin ; arrived in 1858 by the Empiro Queen ; died April 23, of phthisis. Milan, Margaret, domestic, aged 19, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1803, ship unknown ; died April 23, of typhoid fea'cr. Marriott, Wm., aged 11, native of London ; arrived in JSG3, ship unknown ; died April 25, of typhoid fever. Milling, James, tailor, aged 46, native of Lancashire ; arrived in 1853, by tho Mont- eagle ; died April 29, of morbus cordis. Morris, Sarah, aged 34, nativo of London ; arrived in 1838, by the Escort ; died May 2, of carcinoma. M'Kenzio, Hector, carpenter, aged 51, native of Scotland ; arrived in 185., by the Harpenshiro ; died May 6, of dysen- tery. Murray, Mary, domestic, aged 25, native of Ireland : arrived in 1803 by the Ascen- dant ; died May 11, of typhoid fever. Mara, Julia, domestic, aged 22, native of Tipperary ; arria'ed in 1870 by the Denmark ; died May 17, of typhoid fever. Martin, John, gardener, aged 75, native of Staffordshire ; arrived in 18.4, by the Sir Robert Peel ; died May 12, of diarrhoea. Oaven, John, quarryman, aged 39, native of Wales ; arrived in 18G3 hy the Groat Tas- mania ; died April 27, of hepatic disease. Pitchford, Benjamin, blacksmith, aged 44 ; native of Shropshire ; arrived in 1854, ship unknown ; died May 10, of spinal softening. Pullen, Emily, aged 34, native of Cornwall ; arrived in 1847 by the Lysander ; died May 19, of phthisis. Prior, George, labourer, aged 22, native of London ; arrived in 1869 by the Vanguard ; died May 19, of phthisis. Ryan, Michael, labourer, aged 28, native of Tipperary ; arrived in 18GG by the Light Bri- gade ; died May 9, of renal disease. Roach, James, dealer, oged CO, native of Lancashire ; arrived in 1S54 by tho Indomitable ; died May 18, of fracture to the spine. Roach, John, master mariner, aged GO, native of the Isle of Wight ; arrived in 183G by the Prince George ; died May 20, of ulcer of nares. Sullivan, Margaiet, aged 30, nativo of Tip-, perary; died May 1, of phthisis; further par- ticulars unknown. Sanders, John, gardener, aged 59, native of Surrey : arrived in 1804 by the Western Ocean ; died April 30, of dysen- tery. Turner, Ann, aged 52, native of Warwick- shire ; arrived in 1858 by the Barrackporo ; died May 9, of caucor of the breast. Thomp- son, John, labourer, aged 4G, native of Scot- land ; arrived in 1851 by the Harry Lorrequor ; died May 20, of cystitis. Welsh, Ann, aged 35, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1854 by the Eastern State ; died April 30, of rheumatism. Walshe, John, publican, aged 3S ; native of Ireland ; arrived in 1852 ; ship unknown ; died May l8, of gun- shot wound. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THK MAILS. TheR.M.S.S. Geelong, avith the Australian mails for England and the East, loft her anchorage in the bay at 2 p.m. on the 24th ult. The R.M.S.S, Malta, in command of Cap- tain N. J. Skottowe, anchored in tho bay, from Gallo, via King Geoigo's Sound, on tho forenoon of the 11th inst. The Malta, with the Australian and New Zealand mails from England and tho East, left Galle on the 20th ult., and after meeting with head winds on the passage, arrived at the Sound on the morning of the 5th inst., leaving again for Melbourne on the ovening of tho samo day. Head winds were once more experienced, but notwithstanding the contrary weather met with, tho Malta avas again successful in land- ing her mails somo 37 hours before contract time. The utmost despatch was exercised in tho landing of mails, passengers, and cargo, and in about two hours time after arrival sho avas again under weigh cn route for Sydnoy. The mails carno in charge of Lieutenant N. Bridger, R.N. By a tolegram from Sydney, wo learn that tho Wonga Wonga had returned from her voyage to Honolulu on the 16th inst., avhero sho was sent as the pioneer steamer of the now routo, with the mails for Eng- land via San Francisco. She brought no Californian mail back. Tho Wonga Wonga reached Honolulu from Auckland in 17 days, and returned in l8 days, and left the latter port on Wednesday last, the 31th. The latest noavs is to the 4th April. It is notified that mails for Honolulu, San Francisco, and England will bo made up at tho Melbourne Post-offico for transmission by tho Wonga Wonga, which sails from Sydnoy on the 28th inst. Tho mails will close at the Melbourne ofiico at 11 a.m. on the 25th inst. STATE Or TRAD-. The improa-ement notod last month in tbo aspect of commercial affairs hero has not, ave aro happy to stato, been in any way checked or interfered with throughout the present. Numerous small failures in both the town and country continuo to bo reported from timo to time, but these being almost entirely confined to retail firms and small store- keepers, tho gradual disappearance of distrust and revival of confidence-a prominentfoature of tho past two months-has not beon affected thereby. The only local failuro worth special notice is that of a Mr. Porter, of Ballarat ; this stoppage, however, is not looked upon as new, inasmuch as assistance was requirod some time ago to enable him to carry on till now. Tbo debta were originally £17,000, but were reduced by £(",500, and wo understand that no Ballarat firm is involved. The assets were at one period stated to be more than sufficient to cover liabilities, but it is doubtful how far they will be realised. A meeting of creditors was called for Thuïsday, the 19th instant, and a state- ment submitted showed the direct liabilities as amounting to £10,678, while the assets were estimated at £4;990 ; an assignment in favour of Messrs. Balfour and Rankin was agreed upon, after some discussion. We regret, howover, that though wo aro thus freo from any failures of a startling nature, Melbourne traders are subjected to losses in consequence of the very unsatis- factory state of commercial affairs in the other colonies. From New Zealand, more especially Dunedin and Auckland, failures are beginning to be reported of rather a serious character. In tho flu mer city, the suspension of Messrs. R. B. Martin and Co., a highly respectable firm, of many years' standing, was mentioned last week ; the lia- bilities amount to £36,000, of which £24,000 falls upon one English creditor. Several other firms in the same place, in an extensivo way of business, are also freely spoken of. From Auckland we havo been advised of the suspension of Mr. W. S. Myers, with liabilities amounting to £20,590 3s. Id,, and assets estimated to realise £15,662 9s. lid. Of tho liabilities, £12,417 falls upon local creditors, and £8,484 on Sydnoy and Melbourno ; £4,350 is due to the bank. To losses in mining chiefly and losses by bad debts this suspension is attributed. Rumours concerning several other firms in a large way were freely circulated, and it was positively stated that one had indeed stopped, with liabilities amounting to £80,000. Private advices havo also been received, from London, of the stoppage of Messrs. Carter, Tyas, and Co,, warehousemen, Adelaide, with liabilities amounting to £60,000, Whether or not this unsatisfactory state of matters may reach hore, it is difficult to say ; but notwithstanding that those capable of judging are not appre- hensive of anything of the sort, yot a very uneasy feeling has during the last day or two been springing up, and even now rumours of a very unpleasant nature are freely circu- lated through the city. On tho actual trade of the month no improvement can bo reported, nor can any such be anticipated for some time to come, as wo are just now on the eve of entering upon two of the very dullest months of the year. June and July, even in ordinary circumstances, are not characterised by much liveliness ; it is not, thorcfore, too much to look forward to another two months at least of dull trade. The mail's arrival from England, as the effect of advices became developed, has not influenced the markets in any way. Specula- tive attention was directed towards wool- packs, and some 400 bales changed hands. Candles were disposed of by auction to the extent of 10,000 boxes in tho first fortnight of the month ; afterwards the demand fell off. Breadstuff's havo not been much noticed. Hops have beon largely sold ; COO bales of Tasmanian, besides numerous parcels of Kent, are amongst the sales recorded. Koro sene oil has in a measure remained stationary, owing to tho firmness of holders. Sugars, which at one timo evinced a tendency to ad- vanced rates, have of late been affected by heavy arrivals, no loss than 11 cargoes having put m an appearance in one week. Some 27,000 bags, nearly equal to a full avorage, wero disposed of publicly in the course of tho month; these sales comprised tbo Glendo veer's, Sea Bello's, Tritonir, and Honolulu's, and portions of the Queen of the Seas' and Perigny's cargoes. In teas little of a special character has transpired; by auction some 6,000 packages were disposed of at two public sales. A considerable amount of timber bos changed hands publicly ; the Augusta's cargo of deals was sold privately. Tho shipments to Melbourno advised for the four weeks ending 4th March show a de- crease of £46,476 on the previous month. That there is, moreover, a substantial reduc- tion in the exports from England to the colo- nies, and that this is not merely temporary and affected by the season, may bo gathered from the fact that tho two months now advised-January and February-show a de- crease of £600,000 as compared with tho first two of last year. Our dates from New York reach to 12th March. Somo 30,000 cases kerosene oil aro advised for tho month, and about 60,0001b. tobacco, besides 72,0001b. from England. Advices from Calcutta to 11th April report the departure of tho Rose M. for Melbourne, with 7,000 bags rice and other cargo ; the Helen Malcolm, loading, had 6,000 bags rice on board. The advance in the price of wool of a halfpenny to a penny por pound, intelligence of which was received by private telegram, is highly satisfactory. The first of a series of sales of an interesting but novel character-viz., pre- served meats, manufactured by the Echuca Meat-preserving Company-was held on Wed- nesday foronoon, tho 4th instant, at the stores of Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co. Tho quality and manner in which tho meats woro pro served met with general approbation, and all the lots offered were speedily cleared off at satisfactory prices, every lot knocked down being an absolute sale. 900 cases mutton, of 12 tins, each 61b., brought dd. per lb. ; 500 cases realised 3Jd.; and 500 cases, 3:jd. Sheep's tongues sold at 7id. to 7Jd. All the kidney soup was placed at 7d. per lb. The corned and boiled beef, not having come forward, had to be withdrawn. The gratifying intelligence also reached us by the mail that all the drafts of the Com- mercial Bank on tho London agent, paymont of which had been refused in consoquenco of the complications which had been created by the Draper frauds, would be duly honoured and protected, and notico to that effect had beon forwarded to all holders of drafts. Remit- tances far in excess of any drafts had beon acknowledged. The agency, as reported last month, has been transferred to the Bank of Victoria. Draper's trial on a third charge is now going on. Tho conviction on the first charge has been confirmed ; on tho second charge ho has been acquitted. Under- tho Fraudu- lent Trado Mailes Act, a conviction was ob- tained against a grocer of the name of Ran- kin for bottling a spurious imitation of Sir Robert Burnett's old tom gin. An exhibition of cheese, butter, bacon, and hams, the produce of the various colonies, went off with great success. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. The rate of exchange for this mail is vory firm at í (three-quarters) per cent, promium for 00 days' sight bank bills. Interest and discount rates aro unaltered ; 5 to C por cent, (the latter only in exceptional cases) is al- lowed for deposits having 12 months to run. Six months' deposits command 4 per cent., while 2 and 3 per cent, respectively is ob- tained for three and four months' deposits. Tho banks continue to charge G and 7 per cent, discount for two and three months' bills, and S per cent, on four months' bills. STOCK AND STATIONS. The price of all descriptions of store stock has advanced considerably, in consequence of the season for fattening being so very splen- did. Tho Gyrah station, in tho district of New England, with 18,000 sheep, was sold at 7s. Gd. a head, 900 acres of purchased land at 20s. an aero, stores, horses, and station plant at a valuation. The sale, by private contract, of 7,000 storo wethers, two years old, delivered on tho Felton station, Queens- land, was reported at 5s. Gd. per hoad cash. From Dubbo accounts of heavy floods reach us. They bave stopped the travelling of , I cattle. Bonegilla station, on the Victorian sido of the Murray, near Wodonga, has boon j purchased by Mr. J. Conisbee, formerly of Beechworth ; the price for the station and stock is stated to bo £10 per hoad. The sale, privately, is reported of a freehold estate near Hamilton, called Brisbane Hills, comprising about 7,800 acres of purchased land, with house, fencing, and other valuable improve- ments, as also right of run and about 11,000 sheep, to Messrs. T. and N. Austin, at a satisfactory price. THE TtlVEK TUADE, Wo may now consider tho river trade open, and, from present appearances, aro inclined to think there is going to be a long season. At Albury and Wagga Wagga the rivers aro reported rising, so that the steamers will soon bo at work. Tho I promised shed improvements on tho wharf have not yet been completed, but it is authentically reported that, now tho boats havo commenced running, they will bo com- menced at once. The Pearl is loading, and will bo despatched for the Murrumbidgee this day, with full cargo. Tlio J. II. P. commences loading for Hay on Mon- day next The Pride of tho Murray will load in a few days for tho Darling. Tho Victoria, Alfred, and Rivorina aro all ready for work, and will bo shortly placed on tho berth to load. Tho former vessel was launched off the Blip on Thursday, after receiving thorough repair, and may now bo classed as ono of the strongest boats on the river. The Government havo not this season made any arrangements about stevedores. Masters and owners havo been informed that they aro to cngago their own labour for loading and dis- charging for tho present, they being allowed tlio free use of the cranes and tackles, but the Government tako no responsibility for breakago, See.-Riverine Herald, April 23. THE CENTAL SYSTEM. An adjourned meeting of persons interested in the grain trado was bold ia the board-room of the Chamber of Commerce on Monday last, Mr. Blackwood, president of the chamber, in the chair. It was decided, after some discus- sion, that the cental system should bo recog- nised, and put in practice from the 1st January, 187L The committee who have had charge of the matter for some time past recommended tho 1st July next ; but the state of feeling among the trade boro, and the letters received from some of tho other colo- nies, appeared to point to tho 1st of January os a better date. The committee were con- tinued in office, and suggestions mudo to them respecting tho diffusion of information on the subject of the new system through the country districts, so that when the day came for its adoption, there might bo but one opinion as to its superiority over the present system. BANKS AND rUBLIC COMPANIES. National Bank of Australasia.-Tho twelfth half-yearly meeting of tho shareholders was hold on the 3rd inst. ; Sir Francis Murphy in the chair. Thcro was a large attendance of shareholders, on account of the announce- ment, a day or tavo before, that the usual dividend would not be paid. The directors reported that the net profits for the half-year amounted to £53,703 2s. 4d., which, added to £134 17s. 7d. recovered from doubtful debts, and £4,G23 6s. 5d. balance from last half-year, made a total of £58,4G1, A search- ing investigation into the affairs of the bank, however, had rendered it necessary to appro- priate this sum, for the purposo not only of providing for ascertained losses, but of meot ing " an amount estimated to cover any pos- sible depreciation of securities, and any defi- ciency on the realisation of debentures now on the books." The di.oct.rs made tho re- commendation in accordanco with the advice of counsel, to the effect that tho available profits of the half-year must bo first appliod, not only to ascertained losses, but in provi- sion for any estimated deficiency in securities held by the bank, before any other appropria- tion could bo made. This stringent inter- pretation placed by counsel on the act of in- corporation and tho deed of settlement of the bank had taken tbo board by surprise; othcrwiso the directors, taking into consider- ation tho largo and profitable business of the bank, and tho extent of its reserve fund, would havo felt justified in recommending a dividend at the rato of 10 per cent, per an- num. During the half-year a branch has been opened at Saddleworth, in South Aus- tralia. The balance-shoot for the half-year ending 31st March, 1870, aa'as as follows : For the Half-year ending 31st March, 1870. Dr. To capital paid up .£060,000 0 0 To notes in circulation.230,543 10 0 To blils in circulation.820,603 7 2 To deposits. I,i52,222 11 0 To balances duo to other banks .. 48,0.6 15 10 To reserve fund.216,000 0 0 To prout and loss . 58,401 0 4 £2.079,787 10 4 Cr. - Byspccloon hand .£341,504 0 8 By bullion do. 8,040 13 8 By Government debentures .. .. 80,000 0 0 By bills remitted and bullion In traroltu .328,387 9 4 By balances duo by other banks .. 43,303 GIO By notes of other banks .. .. 15,720 10 1 By bills receivable and all other ad- vances .2,049.018 15 2 By bank premises and furniture .. 109,821.0 0 £2,079,787 10 4 TR0FIT ANU -OSS ACCOUNT. To current oxpenscs at hoad officer and 58 branches and agencies .. .. £32,770 10 2 To balance transferred to bad and doubtful dobt account.5S.4G1 6 4 £91,241 2 0 By balance brought forward from last half-year.£4,023 0 5 By gross profits (after providing: for ro bato on bills eurront, and interest paid and accrued on deposits) _ 86,482 13 6 By recovered from bad and doubtful dobtB provloudy written off .. .. 134 17 7 ' £91,241 2~Ö BE.SKKVE FUND ACCOL'.VT. Tobalanco.£215,000 0 0 By balance.£215,000 0 0 Tho auditors, in a special report, recom- mended, among other matters, the closing of the branch at Western Australia. Thoy wore of opinion that the management of tho bank in Victoria had not been conducted with that sound judgment necessary for the due protec- tion of tho interests of the shareholders. Some correspondence was also read, showing that the directors had objected to the auditors making any recommendation as to the closing of a branch on the ground that it was a matter of policy. A statement was read by ono of the auditors (Mr. Zeal), who showed that the directors had originally intended to provide a less sum for bad debts, and to have paid the usual dividend of 10 por cent., and did not change their intention until con- fronted by counsel's opinion. The discussion upon the reports avas long, and minute ex- planations were entered into. It was the chairman's opinion that £40,000 avould moro than cover all anticipated losses, andleavo not a singlo bad debt unprovided for. As shown by tho balance-sheet, £22,000 had already been appropriated from a contingent fund to meeting of losses ; so the directors' gross estimate of losses was £80,000, but thoy did not anticipate that thoy would amount to so much by £20,000. Tbo shareholders ar- rived at the resolution that tho meeting should bo adjourned, so that a special meeting might be hold for the purposo of so altering the deed of settlement as to enable tho directors to pay a dividond out of tho reservo fund. In the course of tho proceedings it avas stated that Mr. Wright, the general manager, was to be removed from the management, and providod with another offico ; and, sinco the meeting, Mr. E. M. Young, of the Adelaide branch, has boen appointed to his place. Boforo tho meeting adjourned, Messrs. Sutherland and Martin were re-elected directors, and Messrs. Tuckett and "cal auditors. Tho special meet- ing will be held on tho 30th inst. Colonial Bank of Australasia.-The Hon. J. O'shanassy, C.M.G., having resigned his office os a director, a mooting was held on Thursday for the election of a successor, and resulted in the election of Mr. George Wilson. Polynesia Company.-An adjourned geno ral meeting of the shareholders avas held on the 13th inst., Mr. Butters, M.L.A., in the chair. Tho directors' report congratulated the shareholders on the improved prospects of the company, arising from the intorest talton in Fiji colonisation, tho emigration from tho Australian colonies thereto, and the likeli- hood of some powerful nation assuming tho protectorate of the group. Fiji was to be made a coaling station for tho steamers of tho Atlantic and Pacific Steam Navigation Company. Tho liabilities of the company amounted to£9,000, inclusive of tho last instal- ment of tho American debt, £2,000, payabloin July, and provided for. No increase of capital had taken place sinco tho last half-yearly meeting, tho applications for shares of the second issue not being availablo on account of the condition attached thereto-that 10,000 shares should bo taken up in Victoria within six months, which condition could not be complied with in consequence of tho then depressed state of commercial matters. The claims of tho American Govornmont requiring immediato attention, and the appeal to tho public for additional capital having been unsuccessful, the directors | bad talton prompt measures, under powers conferred upon thom, to meet their engage- ments by o sale of a portion of the com- pany's property, viz., 100,000 acres, for I £10,000, avhich had been implemented to the extent of £8,875, the balance being under offer, and would, doubtless, bo talton up in tho course of tho week. The adoption of tho report and tho election of auditors avero postponed for a fortnight. At an extraordinary meeting, held on tho same day for tho alteration of tho articles of association, a discussion took place as to tho sale of tho company's lands ; and one or two shareholders said thoy thought tho directors had acted with unduo haste, and thereby sacrificed tho company's cstato. On tbo other hand, hoavovor, it was explained that certain shareholders bad failed to moot their engage- ments at the last momont, and tho directors, in order to provide for the payment of the instalment of tho Amorican dobt, thon falling duo, had to mako the best arrangements thoy couldforthosaloofasuificientquantityofland. 100,000 acres had been sold, or was in courso of salo, ond 50,000 ocros belonged to tho original shareholders, individually, in right of the land avarrants issued with tho shares. That absorbed the wholo of the 100,000 acres for which title deeds had boon roceivod j but 40,000 acres moro would bo handed over to the company on the payment of the final instalment of tho American debt. Tho principal alterations mado in the articles of association wcro a fow greatly limiting the power of tho directors in the disposal of tho property of tho company, and affording greater facilities for the holding of special meetings. An extraordinary meeting avili bo held immediately to confirm the alterations. Molbourno Banking Corporation. - Tue eighth half-yearly meeting of the Melbourne Banking Corporation (limited) was held on Tuesday, Captain MacMakon in tho chair, Tho directors reported that, ->winß f° .tue general depression prevailing_ in tilt» ooiomes, great caution had been exercised in con«100' nig the business of the bank, and that it hu.1 also been found necessary to reduce the rates charged on current transactions, in conse- quence of which the profits had beon con- siderably diminished. The balance to the credit of profit and loss was £5,G02 3s. 6d., £4,009 of which it was recommended should bo appropriated in payment of a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum, and the remainder carried forward. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. Mr. J. D. Pin- nock was re-elected a director. Warrnambool Steam Packet Company.-A meeting of the Warrnambool Steam Packet Company was bold on the 2nd inst., when a dividend was declared equal to 12 per cont. per annum, and £000 carried forward to re reserve fund. Langlands' Foundry Company.-Tho balf ycariy meeting was bold on the 29th inst. The usual dividend at the rate of 8 por cent, was declared. From 150 to 180 men and youths aro employed at tho works, and the company has paid away £54,930 in wages during the three years it has been in existence. The com- pany-was one of the first, if not tho first, to be established on tho co-operativo principle, most of the workmen being shareholders. In the course of 14 months the capital, now being received monthly on tho progressive shares, will have been fully paid up, and the liabili- ties almost extinguished. In addition to pay- ing a dividend at tho rate of 8 per cent, per annum, surplus prouts (not distributable until the capital is fully paid-up) have boon carried forward equal to an additional 8 per cent, on the capital since the formation of the company. - THE BANKS. The following general abstracts, showing the average amount of tbo liabilities and assets of tho undermentioned banks, taken from tho soveral weekly statements during the quarter from the 1st January to 31st March, are published in the Gaceite ; UDlon Bank of Australia.-Liabilities-Notes In circulation, £107,268 19s. 2d.; billa in circulation, £53,699 3s. Sd. ; doposlte, not bearing interest, £491,121 7a. IQd. ; deposit«, bearing Interest, £021,732 109\. Gd. ; total dopoalte, £1,412,851 7s. 3d. Total amount of liabilities. £1,673,722 10.. Id. Assets Coined gold and silver, and other colnod motáis, £220,01012s. Od. ; gold and siivor in bullion or bars, £58,588 10s. 7d. ;-total, £270,535 8s. _d. ; landod pro poity, £01,083 0s, 8d. ; notos and bills of other banks, £12,119 11s. 10d.; amount of all dobts duo to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded dobts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to the said bank from other banks, £1,815,383 6s. Total amount ot assots, £2,108,1210.1. lOd. Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho closo of the quarter ending March 31, 1S70, £1,250,000; rate of tlio last dlvidond declared te tho sharoholdore, 15 per cont, por annum ; amount of tho last dividend declarod,£93,750; amount of tho reserved profits at tho timo of doclaringsuchdlvidond, £490,673 Us. Sd. National Bank ol Australasia.-Liabilities-Notes in circulation not boarlng Interest, £110,800 15s. Cd.; bills in circulation not bearing interest, £3,059 17s. Od.; balances duo to othor banks, £7,05919s, Cd.; do Eoslts not bearing interest, £416,033 09. Eil. ; doposita caring intorost, £624,63012s. lOd. Total amount of liabilities, £1,001,25611s. 7d. AsBots-Coined gold and .livor, and other coined metals, £173,50310s. 8d.; gold and silver in bullían or bars, £21,0-0 0a. Od.; landed property, £00,174 16s. Od.; notes and billa of othor banks, £29,080 8a, Sd.; balances duo from othor banka, £22,167 2s. Od.; amount of all dobts duo to tho bank, including notos, billa of exchango, and all stock and funded dobts of ovory description, excopting notea, billa and balancos due to tho said bank from other banks, £1.307,580 18s. Od. Total amount of asBotn, £1,711,433 8s. 7d. Tbo return also Includes : Amount of tbo capital stock paid up at tho close of tho quarter ending 31st Mareil, 1870, £000,000. Bato of tlio last dividend declared to tho shareholders, 121 per cent, por annum. Amount of tho last dlvidond, declarod, £11,250. Amount of tho rosorvod profits at tho time of declaring auch dividend, £215,000. Colonial Bank of Australasia.-Liabilities-Notes in circulation not bearing Intorost, £93,188 4s, 7d. ; bills in circulation not bearing Intoroat, £1,857 10s. 10d.; balances duo to other banks, £21,882 13s. Od.; do posits, not boating Interest, £324,080 17s. Od.; do posit., bearing Intorcst, £050,532 10s. Oil. Total amount of liabilities, £1,091,501 17s. Cd. Assets. Coined gold and »livor and other coined metals, £162,228 18s. 2d.; gold and silver In bullion or bars, £.0,819 4a. 10d.; landod proporty, £68,147 7a. 6d.; notes and bills of other banks, £12 076 16a. 7d.; balances duo from othor banks, £44,087 10s. lid.; amount of all dobts duo to tbo bank, Including notos, bills of exchange, and all Btock and fundod dobts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and othor balances duo to the said bank from othor banks, £1,311,244198. lOd. Total amount of ñauóte, £1,003,205 2s. Od. Tho rotura also includos :-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at this date, £437,600. Amount of tbo reserved prouts, £50,000. Commercial Bank of Australia (Limited).-Liabili- ties-Notos in circulation not bearing interest, £02,772 15s. ; bills in circulation, not boarlng Intorost, £3,70316s. lOd. ; balances duo to other banks, £25,239 12s. Od. ; doposlts, boarlng intorcst, £111,807 Is. Id, Total amount of liabilities, £503,703 6s. Sd. Assote Celnod gold and silver and othor coinod metals, £04,072 15s. Od. ; gold and sllvor in bullion or bars, £36,72018-. 6d. ; landod proporty, £2,000 ; notes and bill« of othor banks, £11,441 4s. Od. ; balances duo from other banks, £8,719 6s. ; amount of all dobts duo to tho bank, Including notes, bills of oxehango, and all stook, and funded debts of ovory description, except- ing notes, bills, and balances due to tho said bank from othor banka, £601,286 6s. lOd. Total amount of annote, £714,148 5s, Od. The return also includes :~-Amotint of tho capital stock paid up at tho closo of the quartor ending 31st March, 1870, £205,005 ; rato of last divi- dend declare, to tho shareholders, 0 por cent, por annum ; amount of tho last dividend declared, £0,000 ; amount ot tho resorved profits at tho timo of declaring such dividend, £4,000. London Ohartorcd Bank of Australia,-Liabilities Notes In circulation not bearing intorcst, £130,171 15s.Od.; bills incirculation'not bearing intorcst, £1,073 12s. Id.; balances duo to othor banks, £1,353 13s. 2d.; deposits not bearing intorost, £241,880 7s. 7d.; boarlng intorcst. £012,784 10s. Od. Total «mount of liabilities, £000,867 6s. Id. Assots-Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £177,709 Is, -ti.; gold and sllvor in bullion or bare, £30,033 Is. 3d. ; landed proporty, £31,076 8s. Id. ; notes and bills of othor banks, £13,157 8s. Od.; balances duo from othor banks,£5,455 16s. lid.; amount of all dobts duo to tho bank-, In- cluding notes, bills of oxehango, and all stock and funded debts of overy description, oxcopting notes, billa, and balances duo to the said bank from othor banks. £1,077,503 10s, Id. Total amount of assots, £1,002,104 Us. 2d. Tho return also includos: Amount of the capital stock pall up at tho closo of tbo quarter ending 31st March, 1870, £1,000,000; rate of tho last dividend declarod to tlio shareholders, 8 por cent, por annum ; amount of tho lost dlvidond declarod, £40,000 ; amount of the reserved profits at tho time of dedariog such dividend, £103,810 Ila. Ed. ISirORTS AKD -Xl'On.B. The following table gives tho imports and exports of tho port since tho beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 18G-: Weok Ending Imports. 1870. Exports. 1870. Jan. Jan. Jan. 15.. Jan., 22.. Jan. 29.. Fob. 6.. Fob. 12.. Fob. 10.. Fob. 20.. Mar. 5.. Mar. 12.. Mar. 10.. Mar. 20.. April 2.. April 9.. April 10.. April 23.. April 30.. Moy 7.. May 14.. 853,055 810,004 410,703 317,182 300,607 263,412 227,020 245,011 200,505 170,607 100,007 169,560 172,201 180,667 217,561 127,300 200,315 178,047 142.800 £ 211,187 234,030 288,307 S-4,003 270,431 354.210 278.440 205,543 201,848 218,247 222,300 170,350 188,070 274,481 221,709 140,010 211,207 323,803 153,018 207,855 207,790 000,200 247,180 413,410 73,509 804,017 323,0-13 342,372 150,141 815,13» 231,030 77,487 220,010 170,330 105,606 118,155 518,637 75.600 241,440 38,112 £ 110,500 573,995 282,087 05,331 145,010 780,092 101,300 109,020 08,083 526,418 110,010 109,170 155,805 441,530 00,878 00,830 478,210 182,850 31.030 01.792 4,770,0911 4,079,014 I 4.774 604 I 4,447,705 Buring the first period tho account stood thus: Imports ___.,. £4,770,991 Exports _.__.,. 4,774,601 Bataneo ot oxporta over Imports £3,61u During the second period : Imports .. .. _ _. £4,070.044 Exporta -.-_... 4,417,705 Balance of imports ovor exports £631,879 Comparing tho above periods with each other, tho results are as under: Imports In 1809 _. _. .. £1,770,004 Importa lu 1870 - .. - 4,070,014 Incrcoso in 1870 .. £20S,05U Exports in 1800 .£4,774,604 Exports in 1870 - .. .. 4,447,705 Dccrca-o In 1870 _ £320,730 STOCKH IN 110ND. Tho following wero the steeles in bond at Melbourne on May 14 :-Brandy, 0,070. bhd., __,4G4 cases ; rum, 1.7G0 bhd,, 284 cases ; geneva, 79 hhd" 01,017 cases red. 2,1537 do. green ; whiskey, 1,274. libd., 3,200 cases ; gin (sweetened), 24 bhd., 3,276 cases ; cordials, 463 cases ; spirits of wino, 00A hhd. ; othor spirits, 4. bhd., ß.200 cases ; wine, 5,9.8 bhd,, 17,703 cases ; beor, 1,905 hhd., 2,8713 COBOS and casks ; tobacco (manufac- tured), 1,G0G half-tierces, 450 quartor-tiorcos, 8 kegs, (¡,153 three-quarter boxes and boxes. 8,008 cases ; do. (unmanufactured), 293 bhd. and casks, 535 cases, 1,405 bales; cigars, 002.} cases ; candios, 829 chests, 37,051 boxes ; kerosene, 48.150 cases ; Hour, 1,400 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 141 package. ; toa, 20,057 chests, 47,200 half-chests, 39,701 boxes; coffee, 2.7G0 bags, 318 casks. 289 barrols ; chicory, 407 packages ; sugar-Mauri- tius 45.297 bags, Manilla 5,891 bags, Java 12,091 bags, other 8G4 tons 137 casos and casks ; wheat, 2,000 bags ; opium, nroparcd, 15G packages ; oats, 902 bags ; hops, 1,400 pockets ; rico, GO,015 bags ; salt, IT, 007 bogs ; vinegar, 1,250 cases, 541 çoska, I MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tie Argus Office, Friday Evening, j In tho Import market- bnsinoss for the greater part of tbo month has worn an aspect of great quietaos« an.tt-it of animation; Sales generally havo boon restricto, to the moro requirements of trader, and littlo has occurred to give animation or impart an Impetus to trade. Tho arrival of the mail s toara or with adWoe. from England to tho 25th March it arar fully antici- pated would create somo Improvement, bat the markets havo been little influenced thereby. Bulk andbettkd beera have been In slow sale. DUndoa goods have been moro noticed, especially woolpacks, which commanded spoculatlvo attention. Bootrand Bhoes havo realised improved rates. Candies wore largely sold during tho first taro weeks of til- mouth. Oolloo has not boon activo. Bono and cordagev has Improved in value. BrcadBtuffs show no altera' tlon, and tho demand has boen but limited, both for wheat and flour. Maize has been run up to it. lOd. to 5s. Oats have also Improved, buBlncu boluc checked only by short supplies. Blasting powder has beon neglected. Hops have risen in value., but matt has declined. In motáis few changos can bo noted. In oils littlo has, beon done In keroaono, but prlcoa havo been woll sustained. Oilmon's stores meet with a steady demand. Provisions havo slightly improve, in valuo. Quicksilver is lower. Rico is also selling at loss monoy. Sugars liavo not advanced. Teas havo beon characterised by BO animation. Tobaccoo» aro slow of sale, and only a modorato business has bee» dono. Wines still bear a doprcsscd appearance. Brandy and rum havo doclinod. G ono va has boon very dull. In whiskey Uioro is comparatively nothing; doing. Âlo and Stout.-At very quiet month's trade has been dono in this market ; husinoes, though steady, has beon roatrictcd' to supplying moro trado ro«ulro monts. For some timo no transactions in Bass s als havo como under our notlco. This aveek, liowovor, two shipments, amounting to 200 hhds., have arrivod, and wo now learn that of those, 100 hhds. wcro place on terms withhold ; but wo understand that a prlco sus- taining our trado quotation of £8 Ss. to £8 10s. was realiiod. Joule,'a brings £8 C3., last y oar's alo of this brand at a loaver figuro has also met avith attention Morrión'» has found purchasers at £8 5s. Shlpmonto of llie Oarllslo Company's havo come to hand, and hara bcon disposed of at £8, Littlo buslnoss has bees transacted in Allsopp.; low or no sales havo boon recorded. In bulk stout buslnoss has dwindled, donn to a moro nothing. Trilling sales of Whit» bread's at £5 15s. havo occasionally beau mado, but that is about all. Bottlod aloa bars met avith but littlo attention. Tonnant'«, for year past, has boon molntalnod at 10a., with littlo or no variation, and everything sont to this market has hlthorto boon readily cloarod off ; of late, hovroror, shipments havo como forward to moro than ono arm, and competition in Boiling having thus boen created, u decline in prlco has had to bo submlttod to. Salea baa'c boen mado at 03.10Jd. and 0a. Od., and to got rid of anything like parcels still lowor rates may hava to bo accoptod. Foster's is quoted at up to 10s., and Devenish, realises 0a. Od. to 10s. Blood's Is held at 0s. Od.; for Arrol's 8s. Od. Is required. Sales, however, of pareóla out of condition havo boon made at loss monoy. For Allsopp's wo continuo to quote 8s. Od. to Sa. !)d. Sales of Altkon's aro mado at 8s. Od. For Jeffreys' wo quote up to 8s. Tho soason bolng over, tho stock of this brand-up to 1,000 casos-waa cleared 00 undor tho hainmor'at 7s. Bottlod stouts have mot with but ft very modorato inquiry Indood. Edmonds's pig brand commands 0s. 3d. Burko'e, to a fair oxtent, has boon dlsposod of for trade purposes at 0s. Blood's has mot with purchasers at 03. to 9s. 8d.t according to quantity, O'Brion's dagger brand realises Ds. Sales of Byass's havo beon mado at 8a. Borthwick'» has boon maintained at 7s. Sd. to 7s. Od. This brand has for somo timo been soiling at undor its logltimata value, in conseqnonco of an over supply ; wo under- stand now, however, that advanced prloos will bo re- quired oro long, as advices havo boon rocolved of a total suspention of shipmonta, avith tho probabllty of thoir not being resumo- for a period of six months at least, and ovon thon on a much moro modorato seals than of Into. Bogging.-Dundoo gooda generally havo not boon lu much trado request. A demand for Now Zealand has sustainod tho valuo of comsooks, prices havo ruled at 10s. 6d. to 10s, 7d. in bond, and toe ono or two small lota as much as 10s. Od. has beon obtained. Thoro has boon littlo demand for local purposes, and tho market consequently has ruled heavy at 11s. to 11s, ljd., not certainly an equivalent for tbo bond prices. A speculative Inquiry for avool pneks has led to the disposal of somo 400 to 450 bales at up to 8s. Gd., but tho market has not boenmuoh iu fluencod thoreby, A few pareóla havo boon dlsposod of at up to 3s. Old. and 3a. 7(1. sinco, hut tho soason'a demand not having commoncod, tho trado aro earoloss of purchasing, and tho market In conscquonco inot bolng folloavod up the attompt to establish 3a. Od. as a soiling rato lias not yot succooded. Quunlos aro dis- posed of at 8s. to 8s. 8d. ; tho trado bolng, liowovor, woll supplied, fewer eales havo como botoro us this month. Boots and Shoos.-A fair business has boon dono, and tho Bales effected Bliow an lmproa'omont. The parcels dlsposod of In tho coursa of the month embrace tho usual assortment of Stead and Simpson's and other makers' goods. At tho latest public Bale, whick was hold last wook and occuplo. two days, upwards of a thousand packages wera cloarod off. A good dool of animation avis ovincod in tho bidding, and tho prices realised Bhowcd a docldod advance At an os- tensivo ealo of loathorwaro tho following pilcoB woro obtained :-Kip loathor brought Is. Od. per lb.; crop do., light, 8Jd. por lb, ; do. do., hoavy, lOd. por lb. ; harness do., Is. l.d, ; calfskins, 2s. Od. nor lb. ; kan- garoo leather, 2s. Od. por lb. ; brldlo do., 14s. por sido ; skirt do., 10s. 0d. per lb. Candles provlous to tho mail's arrival attraotod considerable attention, In tho boginutng of tho mail month a demand sprang up at lOJd., but all attempts to purohnto at that prlco having fatlod, buyors wera ' compelled to pay 10_d. for bost brands, and tho price afterwards crept up to lOJd. Somo 2,000 boxos wara cleared off that wook at auction. Tho Balos effected tho followiug avook proved still moro oxtonslvo ; 8,000 boxes avoro olearod off privatoly at lOJd., and 4,000 boxes undor tho hainmor avoro sold at 0_d. for Saloons and 10_d. forD. K. O., but this Improvomont beenmo quito neutralised by tho arrival of tho matt ndvlBing shipments to tho oxtont of 215 tons, and tho markot, which oponed out that week with a very buoyant fooling, closed with a vory hoavy aspect. About 1,000 boxes damaged woro disposed of by auc- tion on tho 10th, at OJd. to lOd. For sound lOJd. avas fteoly offered in quantity, at tho samo timo without mooting any rosponso, as holdere roqulrod an advanco on tho rato named. Later in tho week thoro was loss stiffness exhibited, importons boing thon moro allvo to tho necessity of making eales. This wook only 600) boxos woro dlsposod of by auetion, at 0]d. to lOd. for slightly damaged. Tho Nova Company quoto lid. for thoir brand. Cement-Business In this market 1ms not gono beyond sales for trado purposes. Thoro has boon no stir whatever, but a modorato demand has boon main- tained for Fortland at up to 10s. to 10s, Oil. for boat brands ; ordinary brands havo boen got rid of at 16s. A Bhipmont of 500 barróla by tho Tornado was cloarod off to land to go Into tho country. Amorlcan plaster is firm at 12s, 3d. to 12a. Od. Saloa havo not boon recorded undor this figuro, notwithstanding that an attempt to soil at auction at our quotation did not succocd. Ohcmlcala havo prcsentod ono uniform aspect of dtdncGB, no eales whatever having boon mado public worth special montlon. Soda crystals havo realised £0 12s. 0<1\. Carbonato of soda has boen quitted at £14. Caustic soda bos rulod at £1010a., but no notioo Is taken of tho article. Flour of,sulphur is In vory slow salo, at £18 to £10. Tartarlc acid has maintained a nominal quotation of Is. fid. to Is. 7Jd. Cream of tartar has stood at la, to la. 2d., but avo aro without any business to report. Froparod opium la dooidedly lower; a larger Bhipmont than usual Ima como forward by tho mail BtoamorJ and pilcos In conscquonco have dropped to 22a., witli n sloav demand. Calcory.-Wo noto a modorato Inquiry for best brands. Sales have boon mado at equal to 4¡¡d. and .]<]. for Barry's. Colonial mado is dlsposod of at 5d.» being saleablo at that prlco for trado roqnlrouionts. Coffoo.-Advices from Colombo aro not at all un- favourable ; no impotua, liowovor, has boon communi- cated to tho markot. Wo noto a vory qulot demand. No sales havo boon offoctod outsldo trado holdora, and for local purposes, OB woll as for oxport, tho lots dis- posed of liavo hoon of trifling oxtont. Quotations ara unaltorod. Boat descriptions of plantation aro got rid of at from 0}d. to Oíd., according to quantity. Java, of fair to best quality, Is placed at from O.d. to 7}d. For nativo avo continuo to quoto up to Od. to OJd. Confectionory.-BuslnoBB 1B qulot, and great diffi- culty is exporloncod In getting ria of anything ilka pareóla. "Quotations, liowovor, soom to havo roachod thoir lowost, and no chango in value can bo roportod. Assortments of Kolllor'a aro qulttod at 0}d. to Did. Candied pool moots avith hut n slow salo at 13d. Ju- jubes aro moved off at 18}d. Cordago-Sinco tbo departure of tho last mall steamer, tho loeal manufacturers havo raised thoir pricos of all ropo and cordago, and in consoquoiico tho month's buainoss has boon Bomoavhat of a moro limited character, tho pricoa required having kept purohasors back j but this might bo oxpootod.and will bo, thoro Is no doubt, rectltlod oro long. Orders, liowovor, havo como forward for Bhipmont, and to this oxtont wo can report an improvement. Our quotations aro- For Victorlan-mado cordago, half to throoquartor inch Bizca, Od.; assortments of lln. to -ljlu. slzos aro dis- posed of at £05. Sales of Boamlng twine aro made at 13d. to 13jd. Shop twino avas sold by auotion at 83. 0d. to 12s. por (lozon. Flour and Ornln.-BroadBtuffd havo not varied throughout tho month, and avith tho oxcoptlon of ono transaction to tho oxteut of 200 tona of Victorlan mado flour, cold for forward delivery, salos havo boon trifling and Insignificant. Quotatlona havo steadily Btood at £116s. to £11103., but avhon attempts hava been mado to soil at auction boloav, £11 has had to bo accepted. Victorian avhoat has rulod at 4a, lOd. to 6s. for ordinary descriptions, but for vory primo eatnplos of Wangaratta, dry thin-sklnnod whoal, as much as 5B. 8d. has boen obtalnod. Now Zealand avhoat ot good quality hasroallscd 4s. 7d. As a rulo tho markot has been vory baroly supplied, but this has had littlo Influenco, aa owing to tho low prlcoa realised for flour, and tho difficulty oxporlonced in selling, the millers havo not cared to oporato frooly. Occa- sionally inconvenience has boon felt, and oxport orders to Molbourno housos havo had to bo oxooutod in Adolaldo at higher than any of tho ratos namoi), owing to tho difficulty of obtaining parcels hero whon wanted. Feeding grains havo advanced. Maize, In consequence of soarclty, has beon run up to 4s. 10a. to 5s. The first ontlro cargo from tho Clarence cama forward last wook, aud was sold to tho trado at Is. lOd. Oats havo gradually advanced, and now stand at from 3s. 3d. to 8s. Od. Stocks aro light, and only a haro supply Is kept up. A Bhipmont per Nightin- gale of 10,000 bushols, to hand lost avook, avas cloarod off In ono Uno at 8s, Ud., and any parcofs whloh havo arrived have llkowlso mot with an equally roady sale-, Barloy, Common Capo sorts, avas sold by auction at 2s. Od. to 3s. Malling lias boon In short supply ; 4». Od. to 6s. 3d,, according to quality, on bo obtained. Bran has declined to Is. Id. Colonial oatmoal has boa» quitted at £20 to £21 ; for Now Zoaland wo quoto £18, but salos by auction havo boen mado as low a« Al*. Pearl barloy finds buyors at £25 to £20. Fish.-Thoro Is ooneldorably loss business doing at presont ; tho mantot has searcoly recovered tho oloBlnjr of Lont. NovortholoBB, quotatlona of almost* all the. Important ltcma remain unchangod. Ling has been, disponed of at 6M. to Od. Half-barrols whit« horrlng* aro quoted at 32s. Od. and 32s. Ono-pound froah. uorrlngs realise 0s. Od. to 0i Od. Ono-psund salmon U quitted at 13s, to ISs. Od. Bardlets, aro moved ott freoly onouch at lOi. Od., »nd quorum aro aaloablo at 6s. Od. Lobsters aro vory Boarco, !»nd amulad at up to. 8s. Od. Oystors aro quoted at 7a. 6d,, but moBt o! tho stock bold has beon cloarod off.. Fruits havo not commando-.) much attention. Cur" rants havo declined In vahío a trifle; for vory best I samples over 4Jd. cuuuA now bo (jot, »nd some Urgo * tale.-faave been rando ot fair description, of fruit at 4d. to.Jd aud.Jd Halsina have ln.lutitnod but« nominal quotMion cf 4d. to 4Jd. - The odvioes to hand lrom tbo CK|ie aie, howovor, likely to cause some Im- provement in that direction. A communication from Capo Town, dntol 80th March, states, regarding the prospect, cf tho present season- make, that owing to the large quantity of spirits made this year, compared with turu.er .canons, very low ralslna can bo made. During tho month of March, 1809, " raisins pourod in d.ily by train, whoroas up to the present wo do not rappoi-o over a ton or two havo come ia." A Blight improvement both m demand and value has been noticed since receipt of the above nowa, and sales of Capo, which woro previously difficult effect at 4d., oro now reported at 41<_, For ElomoB and Valencias .Jd. is asked. Sultanas aro ealoablo at 6d. toS.d. Muscatels woio sold by auction at Sd. ; for fine Od. Is required. Elomo figs have boon got rid of under tho hammer at Cid. to 6Jd.; for primo quality, | in «mall boxt», 7d. to 7Jd. ia wanted, and obtained pri- vately. Dried apples aro nominal at OJd. j Furniture-Ino following sales ot Atnorlcau chaira, Jto" wore tffoctcd :-On Monday, the 2nd Instant, a Urge Bhipment of American chairs and colonial > turnery was disposed of. Thero ivas a largo attend- ance of the Ir-do, aud for somo of the linos a spirited competition was met with. Childs' high wood office brought 3s. 3d. ; do. low do., 2s. 8d. »o 2s. 9d,; childs' wood rooking, 2s. 8d. ; do. high oak seat, 4a. Od.; do. cane seat, 5s.; Parkor dining, Sa.; crown top do., 8s. Od.; English cottago m.plo, 7s 9,1.; cano-back meiers, 16s 3d.; Parkor sewing, 0s.; round desk stools, 6B, lOd; do., pivot, 8s.; Davies' Grocian, Cn. 3d.; Douglas arm, wood seat, 7s ; wood rooking, 83. Sd. ; Washington wood, 3s. 7d. Tho colonial turnery realised-Fur doublo bedsteads, 0a. Od. in tho whlto, 11s. to 133. Od. varnished ; slDglo do., 4s. 9J.; children's cots, 6s. to 7s, Oil. ; chairs, 4s. Od. to 69 Od. ; cornlco poles, 4.x. Od. to 59 ; sofas, 0s. Od. On the 0th a largo quantity of furniture was disposed of, con-prising-60 cases iron bedsteads, 70 casos English and American chairs, Brussels and tapestry carpotlngs, damasks, rons, horsehair, fibre, looking-glasses, assorted Eng. HBI] furniture, and au extensivo shipment of English furniture in framo; thewholo of whloh roallsed vory satisfactory prices. Thero was a nutneroua attondanco of the trade, and biddings wero spirited throughout tho entiro sale. Gunpowder.-Blasting powder has not improved in value, nor Is llkoly to do so now that Bhipmonla coming forward aro again on the Increase. Tho busi- ness trariBBCted hni beon but limited. Hall's is main- tained at 6}d, ; for Kaimes's up to Eil. is required ; out aldo brands realise from 4Jd. to 4jd. A shipment of rigou and Wilks' was quitted at within tho last-named Tates. Hops.-Wo note a hotter Inquiry for all descriptions of Kont, sales of Qoldlng's '00 hava boen mada as high as 2s. 4d. ; medium qualities havo boon disposed of at le. lid. to 2s. ; '03 aro quoted at from Is. to Is. 01. ; of Tasmanian 1870 somo extensivo sales havo boen made, -ome 350 to 400 bales having changed hands at -up to Is. Od. to Is. lOd. A line of '00 Tasmanian hopa was closed for at Is. 3d. Malt.-The advtcos to hand of continued shipments on so oxtemlvo a scalo has completely broken down the markot. Solos havo been made as low aa 8s. 3d., and still lowor rates aro likely to rulo, os tho season is now ovor, and thoro is no possible chance of tho 160,008 bushels advised during tho last thrco months being absorbed until a now season commencos. Motáis.-With ono or two excoplloual instances, the demand for Iron has boon roatrletcd. Gomo itoms evtnco improvement. Fig Iron has advanced to £4 16s. to £4 17s. Od., at which sales havo boon rocorded. Wo noto nu increased demand for galvanised iron. Somo considerable salos of Scotch iron havo been mado at £23 for 20 gaugo; amongst others, a ship mont of 121 cases was cleared off at our quotation. English ordinary brands aro qulttoilat£25, samo gauge; and bo.t brands roallso up to £26. By auction, on Tuesday, tho 3rd inst., thoro woro sold, ox Montrose, tul faults, 32 cases galvanised corrugated brou, Livor brand; 8ft., 28 gauge, brought £21 2s. Od. por ton ; 8ft, 20 gauge, £_ 10s. do. ; 0ft., 21 gaugo, £21 do. ; 7ft, 24gaugo, £23 10s. do.; 8fU, 24gaugo, £21 do. ; 6ft, 28 gauge, £21 5s. do. ; 0ft. and 8ft., 21 gauge, plain, £14 to £15 do. ; 1,200ft. ridging, 8gd. per foot. On tho following day, ox Bolton Aliboy and Star of China, 62 cases Braby's galvanised, tinned, and corrugated iron woro sold at £23 to £28 10s. ?ior ten ; aud on Friday, the 0th, 32 cases Braby's ron, ex Tornado, woro quUted at £23 to £28 12i. 60\. por ton ; Orb brand galvanisod corrugated iron, 20-gaugo, damaged, all-faults-, brought for 0ft. £28 15s., 7ft. £24 10s., Sit. £10, Oft. £25 per ton ; Britannia brand, damagod, all faults, Oil. roalisod £10 10.., 7ft. £2110s. Bustnoss in bar and rod iron Is llmltod to (trado purchases; quotations rango from £9 to £1010a. In shoot iron thoro is nothing what- ever doing, asaortmontB of Dos. 8 to l8 stand at £11, Nos. 20 to 20 bring £13 10s., but thoro is no domnnd at present. Plato iron is equally neglected; woquoto £1110a. to £12. Boon Iron is quotod at £11, but with no transactions to record. Tho demand for fencing wire has slackened again ; specific numbers of the heavier descriptions havo, however, been wanted of late, Kos. 0, 7,8, and 0 Bvland's, aro ealoablo at £15 10s., £1010.., £17 10s., and £18 10s. ; for othor brands 10s. leas might bo accepted. Sheot load is movod off at £2010s. Shot ia quito neglected ; wo quoto £28, Oidinary assortments of tin plates aro quito una-loablo at 12. per cont. ndvanco ou invoice, bnt eales havo boon made at up to 22} advance for specific sizes much in request. Munt- rootal maintains our quotation of 7Jd.i but thoro Is no busi- ness to report. lîwbank's nails have boen quitted at 20 to 22. por cent, off list. American nails moot with a good inquiry at 17s., and sales of finishing nails Lavo boon recorded at 209. Tho market is honvlly supplied with wiro nails; good assortments roallso 21B. to 22s. per keg. Collins' and Sharpe- Itoavy axes aro quitted at 74?.' In Ames's shovels Halos are recordod at 03s. Day's DH shovel«, Oiiu. to 30in., find buyers at 62s,, and other makers', same size, roallso 60s., neither paying pticcs. Sales of hollowaro havo boon effected at30 percent, off list. Oils.-Kerosene has not boon much dealt in onlng to tho extremo rates now roquirod by holder., as buyers generally do not fool dispisod to ptiroh-io unless compelled. Ouo or two transactions havo, how over, tu.on place which establish tho rates douianded. About 2,500 cases Downer's havo hoon placed at 39, and .onie 2,000 case- BiHllaiifc wore likowlao closed for at 2e. 10Jd" and 1,000 cases Oriental wera sold to ar rlvo at it trlfio under. Those about oonalitulo all the sales of tho month. Advices to handaio not consi- dered unfavourable. Our dates from Now York reach to 12th Horch. Tho shipments reported last month wero all sold to arrive, aud those additional now re- ported for tho s-mo month (Fohruary-Maroh) aggre- gate only 10,000 casos-say, 2,000 cases moro per Cor- sica, 5,500 cases moro por Victor, and 3,203 casca por Mariano. Thoro were six vessels loading at Now Tork and Borton for tho colonies, but no further de- partures for Melbourno woro oxpectod to take place before the 1st of May. Exchango lind declined to HO to 111, but tlio pilco of oil romalned unaltereil. Castr-r oil ia finn at 4e. 4d. to 4i, Cd, duty paid, but there is vory littlo demand; tho shlpmonts advised us on tho way aro 360 cases per lioso M. and 850 cases per Ellou Malcolm, from Calcutta, Llnsood shows no -dtcr-tloo. Drums aro ealoablo at 3s. Od. to 83.10d,, and bulk brings 8s. Od. Colza Is dull of salo ; we quota 4s. Or), in cask and 4s. lOd. in drums. Olive is somewhat negloctod, &_. Od. Is obtained for drums mid 5s. 3d. fal crisliu. Ohlncso oil is moving off In fair quantities at 4s. Od. Polar oil Is quittod at £44. Oilmen's stores uro in fair supply, 0110 or two items oxcepted. Pickles moot with a ready salo. At auction 7s Od. was accepted for assortod ; in the ordinary woy of business, howovor, 8s, Od., 0], Od., 10s. Gd., and 11s. Gd. oontlnuo to bo roallEcd according to brand. Bottled fiults aro quoted at 10s. Od. for assorted, and 11s. 01 is required for black currants. Ona pound jams aro disposed of atOs. to 8a. Oil.; COO casca Victorian made woro allowed to go at Cs. Salad oil, lu quart«, havo 'brought from 10s. to 2Is. Oil, tho latter belüg realised for O. and B. Castor oil lu pints lias hoon sold IIB low as 7s. Od. toSs. Oil., and lu hnlf-pints at 59.. and In quartcr-plnta at 39. 0J. Saúcos aro quitted at Ga. Gd. to 8s. 00. and 10 J.; this week pints woro sold at 7s. 4,}d. to 7«. Od., and halt pluts at 4s. to 6s. Od. Carters aro quitted at Gi Od. Colman'- mustard has rufoil at 8}<l. por lb , and 10s, Od. and us. 3d. for lib. nnd Jib. tins. Koen's has boen quoted at 7_d. to Sd., and 10s. and 0s, for pound and halves rospootlvely ; othor brands havo beon sold at 7_d. and 0s. Od. and 6s. Gd. White starch brings 6Jd., nnd blue starch 6Jd. Thumb bluo is saleable at lid., though 10 fd. has boon taken. Homoeopathic cocoa was placed at l8. 2d. Jar salt has brought 49. Od. Wax vestas woro got rid of as low as 4f. Od. por auction. Sago is dtspoaod of at 21d. Macaroni and vermicolli aro ealoablo at Od. to 9¡d. Sales of bird seed aro roported at S.d. Black poppor IB now moving off at Od., and white poppor has advanced to Od. Provisions havo maintained a rising tondonoy. Thoro IB a modorato demand for colonial ctioeso at 80. to lOd. II-niB and bacon, coloniitl-curcd, aro ealoablo at lrom 12d. to led. ; tho latter la wanted at la. to 13d. , Butter, roally primo pottod, Is ecarco ; Vic torlau-iuuilo bringo lGJd-; Sydnoy cured Is offered at lid. to Is. Quicksilver.-Tho markot was Iargoly affoctod by tho arrival in Sydnoy for Melbourno account ot 300 bottles from California, by tho Sparkling Dow. for wbilo as much as 2s. Gd. was previously require., ¡200 bottles of thin "hlpmont was sold at 2s. l.il, For trado lots th. prlca has Blnco stood at 28. 3d. lllco.-Tlio market has not boon aotlvo. Up till this week, howovor, tho price of new Faina has stood at £22 10s., with 11 trifling Inquiry. On Tuosday last, liowevor, a ehlpniont cf 5. tons, sent round from Adelaide, was cleared off at£20-a fair prico, all things -considered. Java is likowleo In slow salo. Trade parcels of town mill-dressed ore quitted at £10 6s. to £10 10s. A Uno of 60 tons was disposad of by auc- tion at £18 5>. For Saigon drce.od, wo quoto £10 10s. to £17. From Calcutta to 11th Apiti wo loam of tho departuro of tlio BOBO M. for Melbourno with 7,000 bags rico ; and tho Holen Malcolm, loading for this port, bad 0.000 hags on board. From Batavia, Bankok, and Saigon, no shipments wero advised. Salt.-Blnco tho departure of tho last mail, atten- tion having been directed to this product, stocks in tho hands of the import houses havp boon gradually cleared out lo tho oxtont of 2,000 tons, and centred Milli one or two firms, Tho prico has in consoquence ' advanced from £4 6., quoted last month, to £0, and numerous trado salos havo boon effected at our quotation, The greater portion of what is ad vi.ed by this niau goes also into tho hands of prcsont holdors ; It is thoroton llkoly that the -Uo In .valuo will bo maintained for somo timo. Slates.-Supplies now chlolly como forward to tho trado rathor than tho regular Importers. Transactions aro consequently not BO froquont In tho market ; thoso between dcators and consumers do not necessarily como bofore us ; wo uuderatand, however, that a koon competition Is kept up. and a good dost of cutting Îocs on in tho trado. Quotations rulo at £10 to £10 OB. »or 1,000 for l8 x 10, £12 to £1210s. for 20 x 10, £15 for 22 X 12, and £17 for 24 X12, . Sugar.-Tlio markot has been chame torleod by groat beavfnees and depression. Aftor the mall loft It -penedoutwltliaconsldarablaamount of buoyancy and activity ; a great struggle was then modo by importers to got pilcos moro in accord with tlio ratos ruling in Mautltlus, in whloh thoy would havo^succoedod, os a bold and dotormlncd stand was mado tor an advance, but tlio arrival lu two days of no less than nlno car- goes, followed shortly aflorward« by two moro, im- parted a different tono to tlio market. Tho Sea Rlpplo, Honolulu, Queon of tho Soas, Prince Victor, Victory, Btrangor, Pcrlgny- from Mauritius, and Passarooang, from Java, arrived on tho 7th and 8th of May; and tho J-oclmwa and Ellzabotb, from Mauritius, on the 16th, Tlio following aro tho prluo'pal sales effected. On tho 27th ult.tho cargo of Mauritius BUgar per Glondoroer, junounting to 7,741 bogs and 1,414 pocket«, was offered. All the pocket-, and soma 8,237 bags, woro cleared off at vory full rates, though tlio prices rea- lised could scarcely ho called an advance. Bationa .brought 20s Od. ; good grainy browns, 80s, Gd. to 82s. ; middling yellows, 33i. Gd. to 34s ; good yoltows, 80s. ; and low to fino whlto, 40s. The at'ffnoss of importer», who wished to stand lor a rise, prevented tho entlio cargofrom being taken up. Privatoly thoro «a«, at .amo timo, a fair demand, and cale« wero re- corded at from £3310s. to £8. tor yellow«. On the 20lh, the offer of the Sea Belle's cargo, amounting j to 0,203 bags, rosultcd In tho disposal of 8,000 bags. | Low to medium rations realised 28s. to 20s. Od.; browns, 31s. Od. to 32s. 3d.; good to'flno yellows, S5s. Od. to 80s. 3d. ; low to middling white, 383. to 80s. ; and fine whlto, 40s. Od.-figures quito equal to previous Bale ratOB. On Monday, the 2nd Instant, tho ontlro cargo of the Triton, consisting of 4,472 bags nnd 802 pocket* Mauritius, avas offered for salo by auotlon, and tho whole found buyers ot 2Ss. to 20*. lor loav to medium rations, Sis. for browns, 36s. Od. to 37s. Od. for good to fino yellow, and 38s. 01. to 30». and 40s. for low to good whito, fleures which, on tho wholo, sus- tain last sale's ratea. On tho 0th the damaged por- tion of the Sea Belle's cargo, amounting to 1,849 bags, was disposed of at somewhat irregular prices. A'smill lot of 120 bogs damaged, was also got rtd of on the 7th undor tho hammer. Throughout the past wook prices did not vary much ; buyers, hoavoa-er, evidently kept back, and Bhowcd _odcBi.ro to oporate, in tho hope of tiring out importers, but the additional loss which l-UBt bo entailed by a further reduction will be f iced vory reluctantly, whilo the advices to hand of a rising market in London, as woll OB in tho adjoining colonies, encourage a stand to bo made against a turthor declino. On tbo 10th the damaged portion of the Qlendoveer'd cargo, amounting to 3,031 bags, was sold, but at rather irregular prices. On Thursday, tho 12th, at Melbourne, a portion of tho Queen of the Seas' cargo, and tho whole of tho Ferigny's, 10,000 bags In all, wero offered for sale Tho buyers, however, Doing unpre- pared for tho firmness exhibited by holdors, permitted the whole of the Ferlgny's cargo to be withdrawn, and only about 8,320 bags in all woro got rid of. Tho prices realised fully sustained late sala rates, but at a slight concession on theBO the wholo might hava vory o »ally been cleared oil. Medium ratioua brought 293. to.293. Gd. ; fine browns, 82». 3d. ; and good yellow, 3Gi. Gd. On tho 17th, the damaged portion of tbo Quoou of tho Seas' and Ferlgny's cargoes, amounting to 6,103 bags, was quitted at somowhat irregular but. indifferent price. On Thursday, tho cargo of the Honolulu, com- prising 6,238 bogs, avas submitted to public competi- tion, and the auctioneers succeodod in disposing of 2,100 bags at prices which showed a declino on rations, tho other Bolto fully sustaining markot ratea. Rations brought 253. 3d. to 28a. ; fino browns aud law yellows. Sis. to 32s. fid. ; middling, 33s. 8d. to 35s. for good yellows, nnd 37s. Od. to 39a. Dd. for low to good whites. Our latcBt datos from Mauritius are up to 8ih April. Tho Victorian Sugar Company roport a reduc- tion in tho prico cf thoir silgara all round, of £2 per ton, and quoto for Dist £42, second wbito £40, first counters £38, O. sugar £33 10s., audY. sugar £30. Tho cargo of Mauritius sugar nor Loohawe will bo offered tor auction salo on Monday flrat. Tea.-Messrs. James O. Robortson and Co. roport on tho past month as follows:-"Tho mall Btoamor Malta arrived on tho 11th inst., with dates from Foo- chow to 20th March. Wo havo to roport a fair busi- ness having beon got through elnco tho dato of our last monthly oircular. A brisk demand continuoa to exist for tho finer kinds of congou;, and oa this class of teas aro almost all out of first hands, we look for an increase in value upon them until wo aro in receipt of next season's crop. Holders of low and common congous havo pressed the markot by submitting their BtockH to public auction for positivo Bale, but on the whole the prlcoa realised havo beon equal to what could havo boon obtained had tho teaa beon disposed of privately. Our overstocked market of common teas has beon slightly relieved by a shipment of 71,0331b. por Somersetshire, for London, and wo hear of other shipments to follow. Foo chow dust and sittings have been sold at S.d. to 7d. Ordinary, to good ordinary, aro in demand at OJd. to lOJd. ; good ordinary, lid. to.HJd. : good com- mon congou, le. to 1B. ljd. ; mixed leaf kinds, avith flavour, Is. ljd. to Is. 3d,; blackish leaf, to blockish leaf kinds strong with flavour, aro in good domand, at Is. dd. to Is. 6Jd.; kalsow kinds, strong with flavour, and pekoe souchong to pokoe flavour, have boon largely dealt in, at Is. 7Jd. to 2s. Id. Auotlon Salos.-On April 28lb, tho damaged portion of tbo O. H. Foako's cargo, consisting of 015 packages, waa sold at modorato prices. On the 4th inst. tho entire cargo of tho Cory pheus . teas was offered, butoutof 7,670paekogoasub mittcd, tho auctioneer only succeeded In placlug 1,465 packages, and these at full current ratoa. On tho 6th inst, the damaged portion of the Marla Elizabeth's cargo, 1,200 packages, was quitted at fair prlcoa for not cash. On the 13th inst., 3,000 packages of loav to common congoua, ex Bundry vessels, woro disposed of at prices ranging from Od. to lSd. On the 18th inst. about 6,000 packages, ox various vessels, wero offered, and 3,000 packages sold, at from 7.d. to 1B. 2Jd. for common to medium, prices which sustain tho markot. Arrival on tho 8th inst., tho Queensland, from Foo- chow, after a passage of 68 dajs. Tho dollvorics for the past month have been 717,0021b,, against 142,8041b. at samo timo last year. Tho stock in bond in Mel- bourne on tho Util inst. waa 4,255,2031b., against 4,260,2201b. on Moy 22, 1809. Our quo tations are:-Congou-Dust and BiftlngB, Od. to 7Jd, ; broken Foo-choav. 8Jd. to _0d. ; ordinary to good, lOJd. to ll.d. ; mixed leaf kinds, Is. Id. to la. 3Jd. ; do., with littlo iii your, Is. 2}d. to Is. 8Jd. j Muck lill loaf kinds, le. -ljd. to Is. 6il. ; do. strong, Is, Cid. to Is. Od. ; do. strong flavour, la. Gd. to Is. 7d. ; kalsow kinds, strong, Is. 83. to Is. lOd. ; pokoo sou- chong and pokoo flavour, Is. lid. to 2a. 2d. ; fino rich pekoe-souchong flavour, 2s. 3d. to 2s. 4Jd. ; do., very fino do,, 2s. 6d. to 2s. 7d. ; souchong, common, 1B. to Is. 2d. ; do., middling to fino, nono; orango pokoe, sconted ordinary and broken, Is. 3d. to Is. -ii. ; do., gooa to fino. Is. Cd. to 1B. 8d. ; ; capor, sconted, common to middling, la. Id. to Is. 4_d. ; do., middling to rino, la. 6d. to Is, 7d. ; young hyson, common, lid. to Is. Id, ; do., good to fino, Is. Gd. to 1B. 8d. ; do., finest, nono ; gunpowdor, Canton, good to fine, lOJd. to Is. 8d. Abovo quotations aro at per lb. In bond for chests (boxes being worth 2d. per lb. moro)." Timber.-Trado in this markot has beon excoodingly heavy. Somo improvement has boon notlcoablo of lato, more firmnosB being ovlncod by holdors now that it lias boen ascertained that almost all, if not all, tho shipments on tho way have reached us, and that no moro can como forward for this Boason at loast. A good deni of buBlnoss has beon transacted, though tho prices realised havo not boon satisfactory. On Thurs- day, 28th ult, some 40,000 4ft. to 4Jit. pickots, ox Marmion, were disposed of at £3 15a. to £3 17s. Od. per 1,000; 129,000ft. 3in. Oregon deals avore placed at £1 15s. to £5 7B. 00. por 1,000ft. (tho balance of the cargo avas avlthdrawn); 22,000ft. eaavn Karara pino, ox Prosperity, realised 83. 3d. to 93. pur 100ft ; and 024 whlto Baltic deals, ox Auknthor, wera Bold at 2i]d. to 3]d. por foot, 0x3. On the 29th, tho ontlro cargo of Californian flooring and lumber, ex Maud Holen, from Pugot Sound, via Sydnoy, wai cleared off undor tho hammer. The flooring realised 03. to 03. Od. per 100ft., and tho lnrnbor was sold as follows :-1 x 8 to 1 x 10 brought £7 5a. por 1,000 ; 2 x 0 to 2 x 12, £5 SÍ. Od to £5 63.; 3x4to8x0,£G5j.; 3x0 to3xll, £5 17s. Oil. to £0 2a. Gd,; 4 x 4 to 4 x 10, £5 10a. to £5 12s. Od.; 0 x 0 to 0 X14, £6 10a. to £012s. Od.; 0 x l8. £7 2a. Cd.; 8 x 8, £5 16s,; 9 x 0. £5 17s. Od.; 10 x 10 to. 12 x 12. £0 2s. Od. to £017a. Od.; 14 x 14,10 x 10, and l8 x IS, £7 12a. Od. to £8. Tho piekola realised £5 GB., and the lotus 20a. Od. On tho 2nd hist., spruco deals brought 2d. lG-lOths to 2d. 13-lGths per foot of 9 X 3 ; ox Skjold, all faults, 1 0G5 whlto battons, dock cargo, realised 2Jd. to 2d. 6-lQths do; ox Coollia, 12,038ft. architraves, woro quitted at 6«. 3d. to 103. Od. per 100ft. lineal; 3,000ft. 2_ mouldings sold at Gs. Od. do. On the 4th, ox Chasca-7l,000ft. whito pino BhelvInB brought £10 I2a. Od. to £10 17s. Od. per 1,000ft; 00,000 4ft- laths, nil faults, at 24s. Od. to 25s per 1,000. Ex Marmion-47G doors, assortod slz-is, avoro nlaccd at 63. to 12s. Od. each. Kx Wynaud 80,000ft. whito pino, tongued and grooved, roaliscd £0 per 1.000ft. F.x Pearl-260 doors fotohed 14s. to 23s. Gd. each ; 10,000ft. whlto pino ebolvlng. £10163. ; 71,000 4Jft. Intha, 27s 3d. por 1.000 ; 18,770ft. tongued and grooved apruco, Oa. por 100ft.; 7,100ft. pitch pino, tongued and grooved, 6s. to 0s. Dil. On the (Jill tho balance of tho Maimlon's cargo of Oregon timber, about .130,0001t., avas offered for Bato, and dUposod of at £G 7e. Cd. to £0 10?. por l,000ft.-a bettor price than was anticipated, owing to tho faulty condition of tho timber; GIO pieces spruco deal, 0x8, woro cloarod off at Bania timo, and 126 doors, ox Pearl, woro quitted at 8s. to 189. OJd. The cargo of denla per Augusta avas sold privately at 4Jd. for 9x3. On tho lOih irstnnt, 00,000ft. superior Taylor's Bay hardwood woro disposed of hy auction at 10J. to Ho. Od. por 100ft. ; ex Look Out, cargo of cedar loga, containing about 00,000ft-, avas quitted at 223. 3d. to 30a. 3d. per 100ft; ox Indiaman, 950 piceos 0x8 whlto deals brought 2Jd. to 3_d. per foot lineal ; ox Ohar lotto, G16 ptoccB 11 x 3 rod deals (deck cargo) sold at 4d. 3 lUths por foot 0 x 3 ; CO bundles lathe roallsod 10). 9d. per 1,000. On tho 17ill tho salos embraced 48 200 4.tt. nnd Gil. Oregon pickots, square tl-bor, Sin. and Jin. deals, and lalha, ox Nation s IIspo ; likewise tho greater part of two cargóos of flooring, ox Asia and Uuldfax. Kx Asia, all faults, damaged, 330,400ft. Scotch flooring, lining, and woathorboards, avoro placed at for 0 x 1J whlto T. and G., 8a. Od ; 0 x J whlto do., brought 7a. Sd. ; 0 x 1} rod do., 8a. to tia. 3d, ; 6J x 5 T., G., andboaded, 4a. 8d. ; 6 J x J do. do., 4B. 7d. to 4B. lid. ; weatherboards, 4 out of 7 x 2}, 5s. 9d. to Us. ; do., 4 out of 7 X 8, 6a. Od. to 0a. 7d. por 100ft. lineal. Ex Guldfox, all faults, short lengths, 0ft. to Hit, 30,083ft. for 0 x 1Jred and whito, T. and G. realised 5s. ; 0 x 3 red and whlto, 5a. Od. to 0a. ; Ox} red and avhlte, 4B. Od. ; 0 x J do., 4a. 3d. ; 0 x 1 do. hoadod, 4s. Od. por 100ft Unoal. Ex Aila-00,100 4ft. Gin.' sawn laths fotched 21s. 8d. per 1000. Ex Nation's IIopo-48,200 4ft. Gin. Orogcn laths sold at 25B. Gd. do. ; 48,200 pickots. 6ft. at £5 5s. do. ; 4Jft, at £610s. to £5159. do. ; square tlmbor brought £7 to £7108. por 1000ft. Biipor ; Sin. and 4ln. deals, £7 to £7 6J. de. Tobacco.-Tho market has boen uniformly qulot, for though prcfiontlng a firm aBpuct, and a prospect of incroasod trado lu the beginning of tho mouth, yot thoo anticipations havo not boen roallsod. Tho Balo of a Bhipmont or two of Cameron . tobacco has, how cvor, holped to enliven tho markot somowhat, but other wiso transactions havo been limited. Tho local trado demand has only been on r\ very moderato scalo, and ordors for export havo not como forward avith any degrco of froodom. In tho early part of tho month tho promise of an Improved trade was affected by an oxtciiBivo salo of Insolvent stock, for willoh vory loav prices wero accepted, tho quality of tho gonda referred to bolng, avith ono or two cxcoptlono, of a very questionable character, though consisting of good and known brands, but theso being too old and too long kopt could hardly bo supposed capable of com- manding tbo rates glvcu for similar brands of a later make. Four hundred packages woro dlsposod of. Twist brought la. ljd. to Is. 2d.; navy pounds, Is. OJd. to Is. (ljd.; tens, 7Jd. to OJd.; and damtgod, 6]d. The following work 193 packagos of Camoron'e Two Seas, ox Weatborsflold, avoro sold by auction at Is. GJd. for tena, la. 5Jd. for fives, and Is. ljd. for half-poundB. Last week, tho most prominent fcaturo avas tho salo of damagod ; 103 packagos Cameron's make, avero disposed of. Tens woro sold at 1B. 4d,, fives at Is. 4d. to Is. 4Jd., and twists at 1B. 2Jd. The only transaction re- ported this avcok ia a publio sale of Barrett's, when anchor tavlst realised Is. ljd. to Is. 3}d., and anchor tens brought Hld. The actual shipments for tho month advised from America cornprlso 28 quartor and GO half tierces, 161 tkroo-quarter boxes, 25 casos, and O hhds., whllo tho quantity on the way from , England to Melbourne amounts to 72.0001b. Our trade quotatlona are-Common tens and half-pounds, 7d. to Od. ; medium, Is. ; Cameron's, 1«. GJd. ; aro mat les, half-pound« and pounds, nominal; navy, Is. to Is. 3d.; fancy,' Is. 3d. to Is. Gd.; twist, common, no stock ; medium, Is. to Is. 2d.; raven and St Andrew's, Is. Gd. ; Barrett's, Is. Gd. to Is. Gd. ; Ormond Swiss cigars bring 36s, ; Manilla cheroots, 70s. ; Havannah shaped, 76B.; German cigars, 80s. to 60s.; Hamburg, COs. to 120s.; and genuine Havannah, £10 to £30. Wines and Spirits.-Transactions in wines have been of the most limited description, tho utmost qulot ncps having pervadod the markot ; indeed, on a cora* pnrlson of tbo consumption for tho past three months with tiloso of tho same period last year, avo find a do crcaso of 140 buttsand pipes against the prosont year. 'Throughout the past month bualnoss has been' limited to tho most trifling purchases for trado requirements. Quotations for common aborrica bavo ruled at £20; fair brings £26 ; modi um. £36 ; and fine, £60 to £76 ; common port In worth £20 to £20 ; fair, £85 ; modiutn, £i0 to £41 ; and fine, £00 to £00. Our quotations for brandies show a con.idorablo alteration since our last. Sales of Hennessy's palo, 1868, havo boon mado at 0.. Od. The now of this brand has boen sold, to arrive, at GB. l.d. to 6s. 3d. ; Mai tell s '63 stands at 6s. 3d.; Otar d's bos declined to 6s. Od., at which 100 quarters woro cleared off at auction, notwithstanding that Gi. to Os.3 J. continues to bo asked. Champagne vlnoyard has been disposed of at 6s. Od., nnd a line of 100 quarters Vino growers' WOB quitted at 5s. 9d. U.V.P. Is valuod at 6s. Od. ; Jules Boleta and Co.'s 1808 palo brandy has been sold at 6B. Od., dark 1865 waa quitted at 0s., and 1803 at 12s. ; for Associated Vlnoyard Gs.Od. ia wanted ; for B. Frero's 6H. is asked, and Bales havo boen rocordod at close on thiB flcuro. Central Vlnoyard is offering at 4a 6d, to 4s. 7_d. In caso brandies wo note au im- provement in Honnessy's, which has Ilsen to 27a,, but all other brands are without chango ; Mnrtell's brings 24s., Oterd's is valuod at 28s., U.V.P. IB offering at 2.S.,Renault _ brings 20s, and Associated Vineyard 17s-. Od. to ISs. A considerable amount of brandy is advised na coming forward. Geneva has been inquired for for speculative purposes, but nothing has boan done. JDKZ, full strength, ia quoted at 13i. Od. to l-l. 9-1. ; short strength is offering at 11s. V. H. and Co and Key aro valued at 12s. 6d. to 12B. Od. For Boll brand wo quoto 16a. Gd. to 109. At tho Warrenheip Dis- tillery Company's fourth monthly salo, held on Thursday, tho 28th ult., some 8,000 gallons geneva and whlBkoy woro quitted at 4s., ond spirits of wine at 4B, lid., In bond. Jamltson's whiskey at samo time realised 6s. 4_d, Lcaron Hart's IO per cent, o p. rum was dlsposod of at tamo timo at 3,. 31. This silo fixed the prico of mm, aud it has since ruled at 3s. ljd. to 3B. 2d for R.W.P., at which considerable sales havo been mado. Whiskey, Scotch, is quoted at 3». 0d. to 4a. Old tom, Sir B. Burnott, is valued at 13a. to 18s. Gd. REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. This market has borno a vory quiet r_poct during tbo past month ; yet, although tbero has not boan much excitement, nor any great fluctuations in values, the general tone b03 somewhat improved, and 'a fair ex tout of business has boon transacted. Tho balance-sheet of tho National Bank of Australasia! which was published soon after tho departure of the last mall, caused both surpriso and dissatisfaction among the shareholders, as It showed that tho whola of the half-year's profits, amounting to £63,401, had been taken to próvido for estimated losses on bad and doubtful accounts, and there WOB, conscquontly, to be no dlvidond. At tho meeting of shareholders the direc- tora oxplainod that they had Intondoa to havo proposed a dividend at rate of 10 por cent, per annum, which would havo absorbed £33,000, and to write off £20,000, the amount of tho actual lois during the half-year, leaving £5,000 to bo carried to thn rosorve fund, and that then, in ordor to provide for tho other estimated probable losses, a sum ot £40,000 should bo takon from the reserve fund and placed to a con- tingent or suspenso acoouut. Counsol had, how- ovor, advised that undor tho prosont term, of tho act of incorporation tho ieiorvo fund could not bo so used, and tho directors note thus roluotantly com- poned io meet the shareholders without a dividend. After considerable discussion regarding the o.timatad losses, and the man.gtmont of tho bank, It waa re- solved that a Bpocial mooting Bhould he called for the 80th instant, for the purposo of altering the deed so as to ompower the uso ef the reservo fund for pay tuout of dividends, provided that tho fund should net hy euch payments bo reducod below £100,000. Tho half-yearly mooting was adjourned to samo dato, so that nftor making tho new regula- tions, a dlvidond at rato of 10 por cent, may be declared. With a paid-up capital of £600,000, and a rcsorvo fund of £215,000, tho bank, oven ad- mitting tho highest estimato of lons, is in a perfectly sound position, and the action of the shareholders Is gonorolly approved. It baa beon announced that Mr. AVrlght, tho Melbourno manager, ia to tako chargo of the London olilco; Mr, Young, of tlio Adelaide branch, comes to Molbourno; and Mr. Bullington loavos London for Adelaide. Since last mail the Hon. John O'shanassy has resigned tho chairmanship of tho Colonial Bank of Australasia, and tho Bon. W. J. T. Ckvrko beon oloctod In ki. placo. Much Ba'isfaction was folt hero on the recul pt of advices by last mall that tho temporary dllll culty in non-cover of the drafts of the Oonim.roial Bank of Australia on London, owing io the frauda of the lato accountant, had been obviatod, and that all drafts had been honouied. Thero has uovor been any doubt about tho bank hero, and v, ith thoir now ar- rangements In London, any doubts that may havo been felt thero will havo boen dissipated ore this. At the half-yearly meeting of the Melbourno Hanking Corporation the statement submitted showed £5,002 3s. Od. to tho credit of profit and loss ; a dlvidond at rate of 8 per cent, per annum was declarod, aud £1,602 3s. Cd. carried forward to noxt half year's account. Tho Molbourno Meat-preserving Com- pany, tho satisfactory position of which waa noted in our last report, bavo called a meeting for tho purpose of incioasing tholr capital, with a view to establishing a branch factory at Ballarat, whoro thoy aro offered groat onoouragomont. Tho Echuca Meat-prcsorvlng Company held their first publio sale this month. The result waa satisfactory, and thoy UIBO aro seeking to increase their capital. A meat-preserving company is also being formed at Sandhurst. Investment StookB.-Debentures bavo mot a contlnuouB moderato demand at £108 to £103 10s. for Victorian local six por conts., and fives havo been olacCd at £100 to £100 103. City of Melbourne Corporation six percent., remittable, £10U 10s. to £10710s-, according to datos. Banks.-Colonial Bank receded to £7 sales, and uro now wanted at that or a sbado over. National Bank eharos felt to £5 10s., but slnco tho meotlng havo improved, and aro saleable at £0. Commercial Bank have boon quitted at £112s. Od. to £-114s., and aro firm at tho lattor prico. Bank of Now South Wales in tho markot at £37 ; no busi noss reported. Union Bank of Australia havo boen sold at £62 10s. Bank of Victoria offered at £37, and Bomu sales made at somewhat less. Land Mortgago Bank sold at £2 7s. Gd, and held for £2 8i. Qaa Company shares not much doalt In. Collingwood and Fitzroy Bold at £8. Melbourno have realised £5 17s. and £0, for £0 paid ; tho now Issua is offered at 30s. Od. Bendigo Oas aro at £3 17s. Gd, buyers, £4 soliere. InBuranco Companies.-Southern havo beon sold at 21s. to 22s. Od. Australasian Fire and Marino quitted at 8s. to 8s. Gd,; and tho Lifo shares aro at 17s. bu>crs, 17s. Gd. soliere. Australian Allianco offered at 30B., bu. ors at27s. Victorian Insurance not doalt in. National Flro sold as low as 4s. Miscellaneous Companies. - Il'ibson's Bay Ballway havo boen in improvod request ; sales at £54 to £55. Molbourno Moat-preserving sold at £5 2s. Od. Mel- bourne Ice Company filiares sold at £17. Mining Com- panies.-A fair buslnoss has been dono in tlic.0 shares, genoially at fully previous, aud In some cases at im- proved, rates, lu Ballarat, whoro tho heaviest de- preciations in values took placo during the previous year, there Is still groat dulnoss, but oven thoro aomo of tho companies havo improved tn price, and business would greatly improvo should the Hand and Band, Koh-i-noor, and others, now doing | dead work, got eoou lulo pay-blo wash. Ia tho Sandhurst district, mining has been prosperous and business active ; somo very good yiolds have boen rcpoitod, and the genoral average compllod by tho mining registrars sbows lldwt. 3gr. to tho ton of quartz. Stringer's Creek companies havo mot a good bharo of attention, and prices have boen well sustained. Littlo business in Wood's Point shares. Bopburn Btoc-s a good deal doalt in, but prices havo fallon. Tarrengower and Tarnagulla etoo-s very littlo dealt lu, A now company, tbo Melbourne and Avici, has been formed towork thogroundol tholatouow BallaratConi pony. The principal-transactions have been-Baud and Albion Consola, from lui. up to 20s., and back to 18s. 00.; fioino portions of this mino havo boan let on tributo. Bonshaw receded to £148, afterwards ad- vanced to £166, and closo at £152. Great Gulf havo advanced from 21s. to 23s. Koh-i-noor have boon in favour, and gradually advanced from £6 109. to £7 3s. Gd. Leviathan have boon sold at £10 10s. Park Improved from £4 5s. to £5, and aro worth £117s. Gd. St. Qcorgo and Band bavo declined from £3 2s. Gd. to £2. Hand and Band havo successfully Issued thoir now scrip ; Bale of douhlo lssuo at £116s., and of now issuo at 22s. to 23s (10s. paid.) Priuco of Walos Bold at £2 to £2 2s. Wellington have been quitted at 28-., 23i, and 23s. Gd. United Ovens Gold alld Tin have fallen to £210s., £2 89, Kncobono sold at £3 4s. Od. Bal laiatand Bendigo fell to £80, but aro firmer Binoo. Priuco Imperial receded to 18s., and roso again to 22<. 00., closing at 21s. Winter", Freehold havo boon sold at £14 por full uliaro, and aro offorod at £2 5a. per 7,083rd. Clunes aro quotod £7 to £7 109. New North Clunes felt to £114, and have since ad vanced to £121. North Clunes COHBOIS doalt in at various prices, closing at £2 15s. South Clunes havo come Into favour ; Bales at £15 up to £20. London and Australian havo declined to 12s. Groat Extended Hustler's havo beon largoly doalt in from 22s, Gd. up to 80s., and closed (ox dlv.) at 269. to -7s, St. Mungo sold at 5s. 7_d. to 5s. lOd ox dlv. North Hustler's havo declined to 10-, Gd.: Hustlor'n to Gs. Gd. A largo buslnoss dono locally in tho dif- ferent companies on the Gardon Gully Uno, at geno, rally advancing rates. Comot Bold at 6s. North John eon's dull at 10s, Gd. Walhalla, Stringer's Creek, de- clined to £120. Long Tunnol have advanced from £105 to £110. Empres9 sold at £24 to £23 6s.; North Gippsland at £14. United Poverty, Tarnagulla, con- tinuo at Gs. Gd. No. 1 South, Hepburn, dealt In up to £4 Gs,, and Blnco declined to £2. Crown, Hepburn, sold at from 17s. Od. to 12s. The dividends duo or declarod since last mail's do narturo amount to.£79,859159. Of this sum, £¡3,07715s. Is from public companios othor than mining, anl £50,182 from mining companios, viz.-£85,302 10». distributed In 36 dividends by quartz companios, and £20 870 10s. distributed In 17 dividends by alluvial companies. The dividende in ordinary oourso would havo included the halt- yoarly dividend of tho National Bank of Australia, which will now probably oomo into next month's amount Tlio dividends in dotall area* follows :-Publio Companies-Langlands Oo-opora tlvo Foundry Company at rato of 8 per cent, por annum, £1,226; Victoria Insurance Company, £2 por4,000tb, £8,000; Bank of Now South Wales, estimated Victorian proportion of dlvidond, £10,000 ; Molbourno Banking Company at rate of 8 por cent, £4.000; Warrnambool Steam Packet Com- pany at rato of 10 per cont. per annum, £462163. As tho abovo totals show, tbo dlvldonds from quana- mining companies still continuo to oxcood thoso from alluvial, and from presont prospects there is avery reason to expect that this will bo tho cogo in tho future Tho mining dividends in dotall are-For tho week ondlng April 80-All NatlonB, Heyfield, Is. Gd. por share: Band and Albion Consols. 2*. Gd. por 22,600th ; Bonshaw Froohold, £1 per 3,800th ; Bute, Springdallah, £6 per 40th; Carillo, Garden Gully, £140 por 8th; Contrai Eaorgotlo, Lauris- ton, 10s. per Bharo ; Great Northern Junction, 10s. per 2,000th ; Hit or Miss, £8 per 12th; Lady Barkly, 8 por cont. on capital; Morning Light, Lower Huntly, Is. per 4,000th ; New North Olimos, £3 por 2 050th; Now Chum Tributo, Bondlgo, Is. Od. por 1,400th ; Now Albion, Steiglitz, 8s. Gd. per 2 600th ; Park, Ballarat, 10i. nor 12.800th ; Rothsay, Sprlngdal. lah, £4 10s: por 3Óth ; Sadowa, Talbot, £1 7B. 01. nor 210th ; Union Tntuto, Bendigo, £S per 25th ; Windmill-bill, BendiMY Gd. per 20,000th. Tho dis- tricts from which these dividends aro derlvod rank in tho following order :-Ballarat, £13,570 ; Clunes, £0,170 ; Bendigo, £2,880 ; Lauriston, £1,000 (?) ; Steiglitz, £440; Springdallah, £430; Talbot, £330. For week ending May 7-Goldon Stream, 12s. Gd. por 2,000th ; Magnum Bonum, 10s. por 460th ; Freehold United, Is. Gd. per 2,000th ; United Happy Valley. 10s, per 4,4001h; North Johnson's, Gd. per 22,000th; roseby, Gd. per 8.000th ; St Mungo, Gd. per 22,600th ; St Mungo Tribute, 10a. por 800th; Nortli Garden Gully, £40 per 20th; Morning Light, Is. per 4,O00th ; Princess Alico, 15s. por 04 th ; and White's Frcohold, 2«. per 800th. Taken by districts, Sandhurst con- tributes £3,000; the Ovens, £2,200 ; Scarsdale, £1,250; Maryborough, £2.8; and Hepburn, £105. Kor week ending May 14-Goldon Fleeco, l8, per 12,000th, £600 ; Sadowa Company, £1 12i. Gd. per 210th, £390; Galatea Company, 10., per 2,100th, £1,050; Golden Lake, 6s. per 4,400th, £1,320 ; Sir John Ftanklln, 6s. per 2,400th, £000 ; Control Ener- getic, 10s. por l.GOOth, £800; Eoyal Oak, £100 per 24th, £2,4C0 ; Bollevue Tribute, 2J-por cent. £180; Long Tunnel, 30a. per 2,400th, £3,000 ; Band and Albion Consols, Is. Od. por 22,500th, £1,087 103.; Argus Company, Od. per fO.OOOth. £500; Walhalla, £1 per 000th, £600. Taken by districts, Btriugor's Creek contributes, £4.200 ; Sandhurst, £3,030; Scarsdale £2,870; Ballarat, £1037 10s.; Lauris- ton, £800; Wood's Point, £000; Talbot, £390. For wook ending May 21-Great Extendod Hustler's, Is. Od. por 28,000th, £2,450 ; Stewart's Tributo Com- pany, £6 por 32nd, £100 ; Ballway Tributo Company, 10s. per 288th, £144; Poasbi Tribute Company, Od per 8,000th, £200 ; Mangum Bonum Company, 5s. per 4CGth, £114; No. 1 South Company, Ga. por 2fi00th, £050 ; Goldon Bower Coupany, 8s por 3,000th £510; Comiflh Company, 6s. per l,300tb, £325 ; An- nabella Company, 2a. per 3,100th, £310 ; Now North ClunoB, £3 per 2,060th. Taken by districts, Sandhurst contributes £3,204; Hepburn, £050; Dayleford, £325; Maryborough, £114; and Dono- van's Creek, £540. Summing up the totals of tho four weeks, tho different mining districts have paid dividends and rauk UB follows:-Ballarat, £15,257 103.; Bendigo, £12,27410s.; Clunes, £0.170 ; Stringer's Creole, £4,200; Ovens, £2,200; Lauriston, £1,800; Hepburn, £845 ; Talbot, £740; Wood's Point, £600; Donovan's Creek, £540; Steiglitz, £440; Spring- dallah, £4B0 ; Daylesford, £325 ; Maryborough, £312; Hayfield, £250. -ho compailson of the totals of mining dividends declared during the several four-weekly mall periods «ancla thua :- January, 1870, £20 330; February 20, £54,000; March 20, £17,080; April 23, £44,810 ; May 21 £60,014 ; total tilla yoar, £222 790. Among tho principal yields reported during the month. Is that of tho Long Tunnel Company, Stringor'a Creek, viz., l,t>05r_. 17dwt. from 620 tonB. Tho Wal- halla Company, htringor's Crook, had 437oz. 15âwt Tlio following jields bavebeon reported from tbo Sand- hurst Distilct :-Great Extended Hustlor's Company, olghtdav»'ciUfhlng,3SSíz llüwt ;St MungoOompaiy, 1-üoz.; North Johnson's Company, 200oz. Odwt. ; Morn- ing Light Compauy, GSoz. 3ilwt ; Johnson's Reef Com- pany, 37oz 7dwt.; Telegraph Company, 82oz, Odwt; ViciuiiaGold Mines Company, GSoz. lOdwt; British Tributo Company, 12oz. 18dwt.; Johnson's Reef Ex tended Tiibuto Company, 7oz. 4dwt.; PaBSby Com- pany, 80c«. 17dwt ; Groat Britain Company, ISOoz. Gdavr,; M'KcnzIo and Co., Big-hill, OOoz. lOdwt.; White's Freehold Tributo Company, 89oz. lGdwt; Al Company, 33rz. 18dwt; Wills and Co., 20oz. 8dwt; Annabella Company, 70oz. ldwt. lSgr.; Boll and Watson, 300oz.; Bismarck Tributo Company, 112oz 15dwt; North Hustler's Company, 88oz. 4dwc; Royal Oak Company, 78Boz.; Golden Flooce Tributo Company, 304oz.; Frederick the Uroat Csmpany, lOSoz. lEdrct ; Great urbain Company (amalgam), 1310Z.; Coliman and Tacchfa Company, lOOoi lldwt; Nil Desperandum Company. 59oz. Odwt. 0_r.; Pionoor Company (Kaywood), 25oz. ldwt 8gr.; Elliott and Company, 6Soz lGdwt; Unity Company, SOoz 7dwt; Stewart's Tributo Company, IGoz Odwt; Cumberland Tributo Compauy. 12oz. 4dwt, 12gr.; Thomas and Company, Napoleon Reef, 82oz 4dwt; Weat of Eng- land Company, ISoz. 17dwt; Albion Company, 02oz ; NewOhum Tribute Company, 21ez. lOdwt; Horculos Company, UOoz. 18dwt Ogr.; Victory Tributo Com- pany, 83oz. 17dwt; Windmill-hhl Company, 27oz. ldwt; Central Garden Gully, 65o_, from 00 tons : Bis- marck Company,97oz. 8dwt for week ; Ballway Tributo, 92oz. 15dwt. for week ; Wellington Gold-mining Com- pany, Ooz. lGdw t. from 35 tons ; Catherine Hoof United, 170rz ISilwt. for aveek. Hcathcoto-Costerfield Gold and Antimony, Oloz. lSdwt., and 88 tona antimony. Great Extended Bustler's Company, 61Goz 17dwt ; CarllBlo Company, 380oz. 8dwt. ; Great Britain Com- pany, 1700Z. ; Railway Tributo Company, 17Soz. 12dwt. ; St Mungo Company, ISIoz. lldwt. ; Tele- graph Company, 60oz. ; roseby Cömpv-y, 118oz. lfldwt. ; Johnson's Reef Company, 47oz- 5d\vt. ; Morning Light Compauy, 43oz. lOdwt ; North John- son's Company, Oloz. 17dwt; Hopo Tribute Company, 23oz. lldwt lSgr. ; Band of Hopo Company, Sheeps- head, 5oz 3dwt. 12gr.; 8 to wart's Tributo Company, 95oz. 18davt; White's Freehold Tributo Company, 15oz. ldavt ; Perseverance Company, Spring Gully, ¿oz. 9dwt; Annabolla (four weeks), 182oz. 12dwt. 8gr.; Bismarck Company, leOoz ldwt. ; West Cornwall Company, 81oz 2davt.; Comot Company, Uoz. 15dwt from 46 tous ; Huntly, Dcop Lead, 93oz. lOdivt. ; Lower Huntly, Deep Lead, 72oz, ; Alabama Company, 32oz. Odwt ; Argua Company, 193oz. 8dwt. ; New Moon Company, 55oz 8dwt. ; Who-can-tell Company, 32oz. 12dwt. ; Alllanco Company, 2toz. ldwt. Tho Ballarat aiid district yields aro thus summarised by . tho " Star "-they inoludo «omo mines which nlthough ' not situated in the district havo their management at Ballarat:-Alluvial.-Australasian, 281oz ; Band and Albion Consols, 2 073oz.; Bonshaw, 2,030oz.; Buto, 2100Z ; Broak-o'-Doy, 2G5oz ; City of Molbourno, lOoz.; Durham, 211 oz.; Groat Gulf, 183oz ; Qrcat Northern Junction, OSOuz.; Golden Horn, 10202 ; Goldon Lako, 581oz.; Golden Stream, 014oz ; Grand Trunk, Cres- wick, 441oz ; Grand Trunk, Springdallah. 31oz.; Golden Point, COoz,; Galatoa, OOOoz ; Hit-or-Miss, 11402,; Innea' Frcoliold, 140oz ; Leviathan, l.llloz.; Magnum Bonum, 460oz.; Nevor-Can-Tell, 231oz.; Park, 2,178o7 ; Prince of Wales, Sebastopol, 590oz,; Princo of Wales, Carngham, 27oz.; Pheonix, 23oz ; Rojal Standard, 77uz; Rose Hill, 105oz.; Reform, Haddon, 803rz.; Reform, Carngham, 24oz.: Rotha\y, 2180Z.; Reid and Co., 17oz.; Bono and Doma, 526oz.; St. Gcorgo and Band of Hopo United, 810oz,; Sadowa, 5Û90Z.; Tty-Agaln, 62oz.; Working Minora,'Godfrey's Creek 172oz.; Whoal Kitty, lOOoz ; Winter's Free- hold, COoz.; Wallington, GSoz.; Young Havelock, 2lcz. Total, 40 companies, 17,020oz, Quartz-Al- bion, 124oz.; All Nattoua, 77oz.; Alfred, 45oz,; Bal- larat and Carngham Conaols, lG2oz.; Coatcrllold, lOOoz; Freehold United, 475oz,; Greenock, 05oz.; Homcavard Bound, Scotchman's, 42oz.; Imperial, 75oz ; Isis, lGGez ; Kangaroo Bob, 330oz.; Monto Christo, 2DOH.; Now North Olunoa, 2,2G9oz ; No. 1 South Hepburn, 82coz.; Newington and Pleasant Crcok, 124oz ; Port Phillip, 885oz ; Queen Victoria, 8390Z ; Red Streak, 82oz; Queen's Birthday, 72oz.; Sultan, 103oz ; South Olunoa, 387oz,; Speedwell, Staffordshire Hoof, 62oz ; Star of tho West, 117oz ; Truo Bluo, 6?oz,; United Uappy Valley, l,173oz.; Victoria, Clunes, 213oz.: Victoria, Gordon, 63oz ; Wallaby, 28oz. Total, 28 companies, SlOOoz, MONTHLY WOOL REPORTS. Meiers. R. Gowsiiftonaii and Co. report:-"Wool. -As uBii.l at this season of the yoar, there is not much wool coming to hand, and tho quantity sold durirg the month does notexcood 800 bales. Tue nowa received by the mail wai considered satisfactory, and any wool» offering would moot with reidy salo at full ratCB, Our advkos from up country continuo to bo of a favourablt character ; feed is abundant, and tho stock In excellent condition, Tho following ship < havo sailed sinco our last summary :-Swlftsuro, 803 bales; Somcrtot-hlro, 805 baloo; Strathdon,0S0biles. Tots), 2 853 balo-i. Proalous clonrances, 193,207 bales. Total, October 1809, to dato, 195,600 bales. Total, corre- sponding i-orlod last joar,201,810balea.,Wogivo thefol lowing OB beingthopriceBnow current:-Greasy,-Or- dinary, 6Jd. to 7d. ; good, 7d. to 8Jd. Floeco.-Ordi- nary, lOd, to le. Id.; good, 1B. Id. to la. 4d. Scoured. Ordinary, lid. to Is. Id. ; good, Is. Id. to Is. 50. ; bupcrior, le. Gd. to Is. 81. tildes havo been in good demand during the month, lato ratos being fully meintoincd. Well-conditioned aro worth 8Jd. per lb. ; green heavy weights, from 18s. to 2Da. Od, each ; and light weights, from 13». to 17s. each. Calfskins from Id. to J.il. per lb. Tallow continues to como to hand in largo quantities, which aro readily dienoscd of nt a Blight advance on late rates. Good mutton is now worth up to £30 123, Oi). per ton, nnd hotf from £82 10s. to £35 per ton. Shipments during tho month are :-Swlftrura, 703 casks ; Fomoraetthiro, 802 casks ; Strathdon, 232 tina and 019 casks ; total, 2 219 casks and 232 tins. Sheop ¡.liins continuo to bo woll compotod for, and lato ratos aro fully maintained. Green skins are worth from Is. lOd. to 8s. lOd. each, and diy sklnB from 8Jd. to SJfl per lb." Til« LONDON .\HI) AUSTflALUS AOEXCV OoltPOrt-TIOW (LIMITED) furnish tho following monthly report for tran«mistión per Avoca:-" Wool.-Sirjco our last report, per Geelong, 391 bales liavo boon offered by public auotlon, and ncorly all Bold at firm and vory satisfactory prices, commanding good attendance and spirited competition; any decont lota coming In the markot meet with ready salo by private contract at full rates, and In somo instances at a slight advance The advices by tho Incoming mall, which arrived hero on tho 11th Instant, being batlsfactory, havo given a good tone to our market. Greasy sold from 5d. to OJd., Ecoured 105. ti 10\dM flocco lOd to 101. Quota tiona:-Greasy-Inferior, 4d. to 6Jd.; medium, Od. to 7d ; good, 71d. to OJd Slipe-Inforlor, 6d. to GJd.; medium, 7d. to 8Jd.; good, Od. to lid. Scoured.-Inferior, Od. to lOd. ; medium. lOJd. to 12Jd. ; good, 13d. to lOJd. ; superior, 17d. to 21d. Flocco.-Inforlor, Od. to lOd. ; medium, lOJd. to 12d. ; good, 1-Jd. tolOJd. ; superior, 17d. to 2ÖU. During tho past month wo havo boon favoured with copious raino, which in somo district« bavo resultod in disas- trous flooda, particularly In Now South Wales and tho castorn borders of our colony ; ia has, liowovor, givon to tho ttocka a plentiful supply of feed and avator, which speaks very much In favour of tho forthcoming season. Tho shipment* of tho month amount to 1,073 bales. Tho following BhlpB havo cleared since our last: April 23,1870, Swlftsuro, 808 bales ; April 27, Somer- setshire, 806 balee. Total. 1,073. To willoh add previous shlpmonts, 193,610 bales. Total, 105,213 bales. The weekly shlpmonts haa-o been as follow : -For tho week ending April 28,1870,31,0021b., valtia £2,158; April 80. 817,9201b-, value £17,280; May 14, 85,7781b,, value £2,050. Total, 3S5,CG01b. Total valuo, £22,094, Add provIousshlpmom-fromlUhSopt.,1800. to 10th April, 1870, 4G,204,2301b" £2,048,003 valuo. Total, 40,G49.9021b. ; total valuo, £2,070,767. Tallow. -The quantity brought forward has boon modo- rato, which has met with fair doinand at firm rates. Wo quote beef from £33 to £35 10a. per ton ; mutton, frail £35 to £80 16s. per ton. Hide..-Tho domaud is fully equal to tho supply, and Boll readily at from 3Jd to 4Jd. por lb. Slioopakins,-They continue to command most Bpirlted competition, at high rates, groou skins realising from 2a. to 3s. Gd. each, dry skins from 3d. to Od. per lb. Graiu -At nur first weekly grain aale, hold on Thursday, tho 10th Inst., there waa a vory good attondanco of buyors. Wheat realised from 4s, 2d, to 5a. OJd.; oats, from 8a. 4Jd. to 33\. Gd. for fair samples." SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mr. B. DP. Brun, reports as follows :-<? Tho absonco of animation in freights to England which prevailed at dato of my lost circular, of tho 23rd nil., still con- tinuos to preaati; but this was not unanticipated, seeing that avo wero then, and aro now, passing through the annual interregnum of our wool shipping season. Tho ships despatched during the month com- prise only tho Swiftsuro, Dover Castle, and Soinorsot tliire («.P.). avith tho Norfolk and Strathdon on the evo of Balling; after which the berth for London will be occupied by tho Crusader, Loch Earn, and Asia, be- sides tbo Groat Britaiu, s B., for Liverpool, tho lattor noblo ship, under oommand or Cáptala Gray, having arrived hore on' tbo 14th Inst, after another vory rapid and successful run of 65 «lays, landing her passengers In good health, and, as usual, enthusiastic n tbclr praiso of tho good old ship, and her worthy and respocted commatder. Produco of all descriptions available for Bblpmcnt has been vory scarce during tho month ; still rates <<f freight oro nominally the samo as last adaiccd, with oxceptlon of tallow, which has beon freely taken at a reduction of 6s. per ton. Proaoot quoi allons aro, for wool, Jd. por lb. for greasy, and fd. for rcoured ; leather, 80s.: bark, 80s.; tallow, 25'.; all por ton ot 20owt. Preserved meats (incases) 30«. per 40 oubic Ieot. 1 ho practice, which has for a loagthonod peilod prevailed at this port, of reducing or raising rates of freight on wool by id. por lb , has boen fre- quently referred to In this circular, and the present secresto boafavourable occasion for again referring to tho matter, as It must bo apparent that, In seasons cither of activity or depression, it would bs moro for the interests of shipowners and shippers woro changos made In IGths per lb. or even 32nds por lb. It ia also well known that in many instances, oven during tho height of our thlrplog season, considerable rebates upon tho current rates are privately allowed to Bhip pets, which might easily bo avoided by a little friondly co-oporatlon amongst the various shipping agents. Considering tho favourable period of the year for arrival at home, tho passenger trodo has been comparatively Black, but a large number may havo been holding back for tho Groat Britain, which Is advertised to leave on tho 15th proximo, and no doubt this favourite vessel will leave with a largo comple- ment of all classes. A fair amount of chartcriug business has been effeoted during tho mouth, the following being the transactions reportod, viz. : Tho French barquo Karnak and British barque Sea Bello tor Colombo, with bone manure, tho former at 21a. per ton In bulk, tho latter at 20a. in bags, a>.d more tonnogo for this employment can bo placed at similar ratea. Tho Bolton Abbey, for Calcutta, ro-' eelved £400 for 1,000 tuns dead woizht, consisting ot coals and copper. The British, ehlp Sulina, 1,150 tons register, guano, Malden Island (South Pacific) to a port In the United Kingdom, calling at Queenstown for orders, 66s. per ton. British brig Sollna Jauo, guano, from Maldon Island to Meibourno, at 429. Gd. Norwe- gian barque Hebe, 480 tons register, also to load guano -.Maldon, at 67s Go. for a port on Continent bot« eon Havro and Hamburg. British ship Brechin Castle, horsos and copper for Bombay, on terms which havo not transpired, but uudcrsti-od to bo fully up to re- cent engagements; and for samo destination, tho Beaumaris Castle, with horse, and railway slcepors, St ratos also kept private, but said to bo a lump sum of £1,500. Tho American tiorquo Chasca, G28 tons, hence to nong Kong, with Chinese pas Bengora, at a clear lump sum of £000, the char- terer finding fuel, water, and all fittings ; tho practico hitherto being that the ship found the above requisites. Tba British barque Glondoveer, and American barque Pearl, coals from Nowcaatlo to San Francisco, at 28s. Bathfern, coals from samo port to Calcutta, at 20s., and at Batno rato for carne destination more toncago could bo placed. The BritiBh ship, Star of China, takos coals, Newcastle to Shanghai, at 25s ; and tho Norwegian barquo 8kjold proceeds to a port in Java with coals from tho above colonial port, at 15s., and back to Holbourne, with sugar, at 85s. Tho Dutch barquo Marla Elizabeth, 280 tons register, to load a cargo of rice or sugar at a port In Java or at Saigon for Melbourne, at 50J. if from Java, and 56s. if from Fnigon. Tho Intorcolonlil trade still continuos in a depressed state, no more than 11s. being procurable for coala to this port from Newcastle." Mosers. ALTOED WOO__EY and Co. report :-" Slnco the issuo of our last report, on tho 23rd ult., a very steady demand has existed for toñnagu, and although rates of freight show uo appreciable Improvement thcro has nevertheless been a good business dons. Transactions, as will be perceived, have been charac- terised by a more than usual divorslty, thoreby "Hording shipmasters a greater scope than ordi- nary for selection. Tho tomisgo taken up this month readies In tho oggrcgato to 11,000 tons register -an amount groatly in lncroaso of any preceding month this year. Tho demand, however, for several trades may be said to be satisfied for the present, but Hiero is still a fair amount of freight offoring, for which ships could bo placed at our quotations. Only two vosseis havo sailed for London, viz., tho Swiftsuro and s.s. Somer- setshire, tho latter taking a large number of paison gerB. The Dover Castle, Strathdon, and Norfolk aro to clear to-day for tho samo destination, leaving the berth occupied by the Loch Earn, Crusader, aad Asia, besides tho Superb und Suffolk, not yat aniv.d, but advertised and dally expocted. With the abovo tonnage at the disposai of Bbfppors, it is hopeless to anticipate any Im- provement in freights until the supply is lessened and moro closely assimilated to requirements. The pas- senger trado is improved this month, and, considering tho .oason of tho year, has boen very brisk, tho goiug vessels being all well filled, while the favourite B.B. Great Britain, aflor a Bplondid outward passago of 55 days[ Is oxpectcd to Bail again on the 15th prox. with horfullcomplemont. Charters effected havo been as follow, viz. :-To load in Meibourno-tho Son Belle, 307, and Karnak, 383, with bonodust, ¿se, for Colombo, at 20s. per ton; the Bolton Abbey, 1,105,for Cal- cutta ; tho Brechin Castle, 1,000, and Beaumaris Castlo, 1,045, for Bombay, upon terms withhold, but the latter vessol at a rato understood to border on 30s. per registor ton. To load in Newcastle-the Hathfern, 1,299, at 20s., for Calcutta; Star of China, 794, at 25a., to Shanghao ; Mont roso, 996, Pearl, 630, and Glendower, 485, at 20s,, 27». 3d., and 23.. r<i apcctlvoly, for San FrauolBco. Tho Skjold, 442, pro- ceeds, viil Newcastle, to J_va, where sr-o is to load back with tugar at 60s. per ton on tho round. To load guano at Malden Island, the Selina Jane, 210, gets 46s. to Melbourne ; tho Sulina, 1,149, 66s.; to U. K. ; and Hebe, 430, 67s. Gd. tri U. K. or Continent. Besides these engagements wo havo to advi-o clearances for Java of the Tiiton, via Adolaido, and tho Marla Elizabeth, via Kowcastlo ; tho Cory pbeus, for Hong Kong, via Newcastle, and tho Thomas Brown, for Frortantlo, seeking. Freight quotations aro OB follow, viz :-Molbourno to London-Wool, id. and _(1. per lb. ; leather, 35s. ; tallow, 25s. ; bark, 80s. ; measurement, 259. ; copper oro. Is. per ton ; and oil (in butts), EOs. per tun, all with 5 per conr. primage. To Hong Kong-ChlnoEo aro offoring at £4 per hoad, and for Colombo, 20s. per ton. Coal from Nowcistlo to Shanghao, 23s ; Hong Kong, Fno-chow, and Ningpo, 16s. ; Macassar, Amboyim, Banda or Tomato, 20a. ; Javn, 14B.; Calcutta, 20s ; Bombay, 22s.; San Fran- cisco, 20a.; Frcmantlo, W. A., to Calcutta, with .sleepers, at 2s. 9d. each." MELBOURNE MARKETS. WEDNESDAY, MAT l8. THE MILLS. There has boen no improvement in the market for breadstuff» since tho week opened. Business con- tinue, limited, but late piico. aro still obtained. Quotations oro as follow:-Flour, £11 10s. to £12; bran, Is. Id. tola. 2d. ; pollard, Is. 3d. tola. 4d, ; moil, £20; pearl barley, £21. BETAIL MARKET3. Butter continues ploutiful and cheap, and eggi oro slightly castor in tone. Butcher.' meat and poultry are without alteration, Tho ruling rates aro:-Beef, 4d, to Gd. por Ib.; mutton, 2¿d. to 4.d, por lb. ; veal, Gd. per lb. ; pork, 8d. par lb. Poultry.-Fowls, 4s. Od. to 6s. Gd. por pair; geoso, 0s. to 11s. do. ; ducks, 5s. to Ga. do. ; turkoys, 10a. to 20B. do. ; cheese, 8d- to Is. 4d. por !.. ; ogee, lo. 8(1. to 2s. 2d. per dozen ; butter, Is. 2d. to Is. .id. per lb.; bread, Gd. per 41b. loaf; milk, GJ. per quart ; hams, la. to Is. 4d. per lb. ; bacon, lod to lu. 2d. per lb. HAY HARKET. The supply of pioduco since tho week opened has slightly Increased, but former prices havo boen realised. Much of the bay and straw wai not in fair condition, however, and only fetched the lowest ratoi. Quotations aro :- Hay, £3 5>. to £4 10s,; etr.vw, £3. PRODUCE. I M'OAW and ANGTIIEII report :-" Tho breadstuffs market has slightly deallncd since our last, best brands of Victorian Hour rcilUing only £11, and wheat up to 4s. ll_il. at tho sale to day. Oats aro a sTiado firmer, tho quantity coming forward being in- adequate to Bupply immediato requirements. Maizo ia a tritio cosier, nbout ii. Od. being htghoat rato for first-class parcels; disposed efa.raaU shipment medium quality at 4e. 7_d. Malting Barley.-Wo diepo-od of EcvoralparcolsofNcwZealaiidaiidVlctorlaii-.thohlghest pi Ice realised for tho former being is. Od., and tho lattor 4s. 8d. ; while sever ii lots of Inferior and medium quality wore sold at priera ranging from Ss. Gd. upwardB. Wo had a npeeial cloaring salo of graia secdB, clovers, i.e., and disputed of tho mijor portion of consignments to hand at satisfactory prices, quality considered. In dairy ptoduco wo noto a groat dul noss. Buttor and chceso, with rho cvcoptlon of a few extra good lots, being almost un-loable unless at A prenti eduction on loto prices. BHow wo glvo dotails, result of actual salea :-Flour, Bllk- drossod, Victorian, from £10 15s, to £11 per ton ; maize, 4s. 7_d. ps. bushel; wheat, milling .ampios, 49.01 to 4i. 11. I. per bushel ; do., inferior and feeding samólos, _'. 10(1. to 4s. 5d por bushol ; barley, malting, 4s, to 4*. Od per bushel; do., Inferior quality, 3i. Gd. to 3i. D.d. per bushel ; Cape, 3s. to 8s. Id. per biiihel ; oats, fcod, 3s, 3d, to 8». 6il, per bushol ; do , sood 3B. 5-, to 3B. Od. por bushel ; do,, Capo, 3s GJ. ti 3s. Od. per buthol, inferior to very good; field poaa, 4s. 3d. to 4s. Oil. nor bushel ; broad beano, 4s. 7d. per bushel ; scarlet do , 4s. 7d. per liu-.hel ; grass seed, porennial, 2a. to Os. por birahol, vory Inferior to first-cIasB ; do,, pralrio, 3s. to. Is. Gd. por busiicl ; do., cocksfoot, 3]d. to Od. por lb. ; clover, rod, 6d. to lOd. per lb. ; do., whito, Is. Gd. per lb. ; do., cow gross, 1B Gd. per lb. ; lucorno, la, Oil. per lb. ; bran, le. 0]d. to la Id. nor bushol, baca in ; pollard, 1B. to Is. Bil. par bushol ; potatoes, £2 12s. Gd. per ton; bacon, 7i<l- to la. per lb., medium to vory good ; do., inferior rind damaged, 3d. to Gd. per lb.; cheese, 6-fd. to 0d. par lb., low medium to extra primo; do., inforior and broken, 4Jd. to 5d. per lb. ; butter, potted, 7_d. to Is. per lb , medium to primo ; do., do., 3_d. to O.d. por Ib., interior to medium; do., fresh (in prints and lumps), 7d. to le. Id. por Ib.; Victorian jams, lib. tine, 6s. Od- to 09. per dozen; heney, 4_d. to 6J. per lb." ' EASTERN MARKET. Tho market was fairly attendod this morning, and Btocks wero c1 oared early, after a brisk business. Tho prices obtained were equal to those of Saturday for fruit and vegetables. Dairy produce ruled almost un- changed at Saturday's rates. Tho following wera the current ratos : - Vegetable..-Jerusalom arti- chokes, 2d. per lb. ; basil, Od. to Is, per dozon bunches ; beanB, kidney, 3d. per lb. ; boot, 0d. to IB. por dozen ; bouquets, 4s. to 89. per dozeu; cabbageB, Gd. to 1B. Gd. por dozen ; carrots, Od, to Od. per dozen »unohes; caul! flowers, Is. to 4 J. per dozon ; celery, 2s. to 4s. por dozea ; cress, water, Od. per dozon bunches ; cucumbers, prickly and long spine, Od. to Is. par dozon; garlic, 3d. to 4d. fier lb. ; horsoradlsh, ¡in. to 7s. par dozen,bunchos; eck, lOd. to Is, per dozen bunches ; lettuce, Ci. to Is. per dozon ; marjoram, Gd. to 8d. per dozon bunches ', mint, Id. to Gd. per dozen bunches ; onions, dried, 5s. to Gs. per owt. ; onions, green, 4d. to Gd. per dozon bunches ; pareloy, 3d. io Is. por dozen bunches; parsnips. Od. tola, 3d. per dozen buncbos ; poos, 3d. prr lb ; pótateos, 3B. to 3s. Od. per owt; kidney do., Ga. to 7s. nor cwt ; pumpkins, Ss. to 8s. por duzen ; radishes, (Id. por dozen bunches; rhubarb, Is. to 2>. per dozen bunchos ; sago, Od. per dozon hunches ; shallots, 3d. to 4d. per lb.; spinach, Id. toi.j. per lb. ; thyme. Oil, to Sd. por dozea bunches ; turnips, Is. Od. to 2s. por dozen hunches ; tomatoes, Jil. to Id, per lb.; vegetable marrows, li. to 2B. per dozen. Fruit«.-Apples, 2d. to 4d. por lb. ; Uga, 8J. to 4d. fier dozen ; grapes, 4d. per lb. ; melons, prescrv ng, 2s. to Ga. per dozon; pears, 2d. to 4d. per lb.; quinces, 2d. per lb. Dairy Produce.-Buttor, Is. to la. 3d. per lb.; cheese, 8d. to lOd. per lb.; ducks, 4s. Gd. to 6s. Oil. per pair ; eggs, Is. 8il. to 2s por dozon ; geo30, 7s. to 0s. per pair; nous, 8s. Gd, to 4a. G1, per pair; honey, Gd. per lb. ; sucking pigs, 5s, to 8s. each ; turkeys, Os. to 16«. per pair ; hams, 1». to Is. 2d. per lb.; bacon, 100. to Is. pi rib. LIVE 8TO0K. Me«Brs. D.U_.UIOYCAMTHFI,I, and CO. report:-"Fit Cattle-A very large supply has passed through tb.6 yarda sinco our last monthly report, v lz , 5,210 ¡ und in consoquenco of this prices havo slightly receded, best boef only now realising 22- Gd. por 1001b., whilst a fow primo pens havo reached up to 259. Tho supplies are principally from tho Gipps Land and Wcstorn dis- tricts, and have been of very good quality, especially ono lot of the F F brand, from Mr. Robertson's run at Colac, that no this week sold, making tho top avengo of tho season, viz, £0 14s" and oloao upon 20a. por head over anything shown agalnBt Hiern In the same market Our salos this wook have been-10S for Mr. Wru. Robertson, Colac, the bullocks at from £8 7a, Gd. to £11. averaging £9 14s.; the cows ut from £0 7B. Gd. to £8 7s. Gd., averaging £7 OJ.; and 40 -ullockB for Mr. Wm. Thomson, Airly, at £3 4s. Fat Sheep.-In this description of stock the roport is moro favourable to stockholders. The arrivals having been more moderate, prices havo throughout been J mere satisfactory, with the exception of last Wedna« da>'s Bales, when an unusually lar¿o number of good sheep carno to hand and glutted tho market, causing a fall of about le. por head. However, ave quoto GOtb. wethers at 14B., 641b. do. 12s., 481b. ewes Oa., 421b. do, 8s., and havo this week sold G24 wotheri for tho Hon. \V. J. T. Clarke, Bollnda-valo at from 12a. to 15a.; 495 do. for Mr. Morris, Whittlesea, at from 7a. Gd. to 8s. Gd. ; 1,700 do. for iMr, Wm. Thomson, Airly, at 8a. to 8a. Gd., culls 5J. 'ed.; 148 for Mr. Grant, at Us.: 138 for Mr. Turner, at 8». ; 2,049 owes and wothers for Messrs. G. A. and P. Mein, Moolpa, at from 7a. Od, to 10s. Gil. ; GS3 ewes forMcSBrs.M'Donald Brothers, at 6a. Gd. ; 74 do. for the Hon. F. Robertson, Essendon, at 6B. ; and 605 do. for the late Mr. Calvert, Irrewarra, at from 123, to 15s., being the highest price for tho number of owos this Fcoson. In tho -toro stock thoro Is not much doing, owing to the scarcity of aultablo lots. Good wothors avoutd bring from 6a. Gd. to 6s. Gd.; and bullocks ovor three years old from 80s. to 00a.; younger stock is not co saleable." \- SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. I PORT OF MELBOURNE. | ARRIVAIS ANS C__ARA_CE_ SIKCE otR LAST SUMMARY. [B,, British; A., American; Au,, Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; Hn., Hanoverian; I., Italian ; N., Noravcgian ; N. G., North Gorman, S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian ; Behr., .Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Fr., Prussian ; R., Russian ; B., blnp ; b., barquo ; br., brig; se, schooner; s.a., steamer.) April. ARRIVED. 23\. Asia, B. s., 2,053, Wau Cumming, Glasgow.-Alox. Macfarlan and Co. 24\. Selina Jano, B. br., 210, Francis Ross, Haldon Island.-Grice, Sumner, and Co. 21, Skjold, N. b., 442, Chas, Marten Henrichen, Tons berg. "W. 3. Greig and Co. 25\. Triton, N. br., W. K. Beor, Maurltiua.-Joshua Bree. 27\. Percy, B. B., 920, J. T. Coopor, Plymouth.-W. Crosby and Co. 27\. Weathcrelleld, B. B., 1,051, P. Caroline, Liverpool. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 29\. Nation's Hope, B. B-, 741, F. Blix, Victoria (Van- couver's Island).-Dickson, Williams, and Co. May. 1\. Hudiksvoll, S. b., 804, T. L. Hultman, Fredorick Btadt.-Jaa. Service and Co. 2\. Hebe, N. b, 480, G. B. Bondo, Frodorlcstadt. -Captain Bondo. 0\. Crusader, B s., 1,058, Robort Korr, London - Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 6\. Cornelia Mathildo, D. b-, 680, P. Goodvolk, Rot- terdam.-W. CroBby and Co. 7\. Beaumaris Castle, B. ship, 1,015, John Robertson, London.-Bright Brothers and Co. 7\. Honolulu, N. G. so-, 218, Brnost Hildebrandt, Mauritius -Rolfe and Co. 7\. Queon of tho Seas, B. b., 277", W. B. Tomlinaon, Maurltiua.-Joshua Brothers. 8\. Eblana, B. s., 1 351, Robort Wilson, Liverpool. Dickson, Williams, and Co. 8\. Queensland, B, b., 413, Fred. Fablborg, Foo-ohoav. -R. Towns and Co. 8\. Prince Victor, B. b" 294, Henry Jones, Mauritius. -Victoria Sugar Company. 8\. Victory, B. br., 255, B. Brown, Mauritius.-Turn- bull, Smith, and Co. 8\. Stranger, B. se, 219, John Paton, Mauritius Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 8\. Sulina, B. s., 1149, - Johnaon, London.-E. Samuel and Co. 8\. Porigny, F. b.,818,F. Dobois, Maurltiua.-Joshua Brothers. 8\. Possarocang, D. b, 878, F. Hollanders, Samarang. -Victoria Sugar Company. 9\. Austialian Packet, D..., 231, O. G. Kerhoff, Sa- marang.- R.Towna and Co. 10\. Madras, B. s., 1,285, II. Falrlom, Liverpool. Dickson, Williams, and Co. 10\. Brechin Cantío, B. s ,1,000 Hugh Korr, Glaagow. Alox, Macfarlan and Co. 11\. Malta, R.S.8., 1,943, N. J. Skottowe, Galle.-F. R, Kondall. 12\. Isabella, F. b-, 270, L. llené, Corro Azul (Callao) -Bright Brothers and Co. 14\. Great Britain, B. A.B., 8,441, Lieut. John Gray, R.N.B., Liverpool.-Bright Brothers and Co. 14\. Elizabeth, B. b., 283, J. G. Guoat, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. 14\. Loehawo, B. b" 204, James Farquhar, Mauritius Cohen nud Co. April. CMARED OUT. 23\. SwiftBuro, B. B" 1320, V. B. O. Stacpoolo, London. -J. H. Whlto and Co. 23\. M'Gllvery, A. B., 591, J. Nichols, Biker's Island. Osborn, Gushing, and Co. 24\. Geelong. R-M.S.S-, 1217, R. T. Dundas, Point d» Calle-F.R. Kondall. 25\. Indiaman, S. B-, 810, A. Mcltopacns, Calloa. Joshua Brothers. 27\. Aukftthor, N.B., 707, N. J. Stront, Callao. Joshua Brothers. 27\. SomorrotÉhire, B. as,, 1.G93, J. S. Alwood, Lon- don.-W. P. Whito and Co. 28 Cecilia, N. s , 447, A. Dannberg, Callao.-W. J. Greig nnd Co. 80\. Springbok, B. b., 327, H. Harrison, Fiji Islands. Dodd and Thomson. May. 2\. Rathfcm, B. B., 1,298, J. Mitchell, Calcutta, via Newcastle.-Bright Brothers and Co. 3\. Augusta. S. b., 897, F. G. Lundberg, Callao. Williio. Wolch, and Co. 5\. St. Kilda, B. re., 189, J. H. Gill, Mauri, us. Spence Broth orí) and Co. 0\. Gefle, S. b., 34?, E. T. Ahrman, Callao.-O. Ton- deur and Co. 0\. Triton, N. br,, 211, W. K. Beer, Batavia, via Ada laido.-Joshua Brothers. 7\. Pearl, A. b.,51G, E. H. Harding, San Francisco, vlft Newcastle-Nowcll and Co. 7\. Peru, S. s,, 000, A. J. Agron, Callao.-O. Tondeur and Co. 10\. Admiral, N. b., 693, B. A. Muoller, Callao.-An- derson and Marshall. 13\. Star of China, B. s., 794, A. Angua, Shanghai, via Ncavcantlo.-A Macfarlan and Co. 14\. Bolton Abboy, 1.195, J. W. Hackett, Calcutta - W. CroBby aud Co. 10\. Marmion, B. s , 823, W. Boyd, San Francisco, vi Newcastle-Balgoly, Blackwood, and Co. 17\. Tornado, B. s., 1,721, Samuol Undorwood, Callao. -Goo. Martin and Co. 18\. Belina Jane, B. br., 210, J. Thomaa, Malden Island. -Grlco, Suninor, and Co. 20\. Strathdon, B. a., 1,011, R. Jamleäou, London. Dalgety, Blackavood, and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. \- l'RIf. 23. Swlfteure, forXondon.-880 bales wool, 790 casks 1 tank tallow, 80 bau» leather, 2,000 bags ooppor ore, 304 bago antimony oro, 6 casks black sand, 00 hhds. mola»tes, 402 bagt, bark, 77 casko 656 «sos prosorvod meats, 2 packogon 28 balea kangaroo skins, 5 bales basils, 4 bales sheepskins, 2 casca ferns, 1 cask rabbit skins, 45 bags flou.'. Arnir. 21. Geelong, R.M S.S., for Poiut do Gallo.-1 box docu- ments, 1 enso fancy goods, 1 casa perfumery, 1 case fans, 21 lugs potatoes, 1 trusa nowsciipera, 2 "oreen beof, 1 paekngo bacon, 20 cases p/oscrved moa-", 10 caics fruit, 0 packrgfs plant", 23 packages building nutcilatn, 25 baga flour, 14 packages potatoes, ka., 1 cato jams, 0 Horcos bc¡ f, 3 ca _s tallow, 1 pjekago Beeds^ 3 cuses company's parce's Somersetshire s.a., for London -SO j bales woo), 123 bales leather, 801 casita tallow, 1,500 catos -letal->50 packoges presented moa.!, 40 cask J sltina, 870 chns>t3 tea, 1,085 bags antimony oro, 1.709 b'igs ground bark 335 blooka reïulua antimony, 10 saoki black sand, 2 Mida. 1 quarter-cask 21 caaos wines, 10 packa_oa leeches, 10 packages effects, 5 packages sundries. Aran. 30. Springbok, far Fiji Islands.-100 doali, 10 casca j im, 4 caso3 avino, 5 casks Btout, 25 caao3 boor, 02 oars, 32 packages agricultural implements, 2 bags salt, 2 bags potatoes, 2 boxes caudloo, 28 package» sundries, li pad nges oilmen's stores and provisions, 48 otsos pro eerved meat, 10 tons fodder, 20 tanks, 2 bulls, 28 helfciB, 17 horses. MAv 5. Sf. Kilda, for Mauritius- 39 casca grcon fruit, 709 bags oalB, 32 cases jam, 400 bags brau, 129 tuns Hour. MAT 14. Bolton Abboy, for Calcutta.-21 cases prosorved meats, 830 tons coal, 7,018 cakes copper. MAY 20. Strathdon, for London.-GB7 bales avool, 175 tons copper oro, 45 casko oil, 1G0 cases gum, 4 casks black sand, G casks filag, 858 cacles tallow, 37 bales flax, 12 balos papor outtioga, 85 halos leather, 12 bales gluo pieces, 61. bales skins, 20 balei scrolls, 40 líalos basils, 1 cask jowoller. sweepings, 180 balea pelts, 0,500 horns, 5 tons shank bones, 42 bags anti- mony, 195 bales raga, 720 Ingots spoiler, 92 bales 2,210 bagd bark, 600 cases presera yd meats, GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tlie following Is a list of the ships taking gold which have sailed from thin poi t since the publication of our last summary, togothertvlth the quantities and destinations : Date I i of Ship. I Destination. Ounces, Sailing. Apill 24Gtolong .. . .Point do Gallo .. 09,031 April 27SomerBetshlro ..Loudon .. ..! 6,023 April aOISpringbol... ..[FIJI .. "| 2,604 Tho total amount of gold exported from tho rolony since the beginning of tho year is 633,133 oances, of which 77,202 ounces wore transhipped from New Zealand. During the corresponding period of the previous year the ontiro , quantity exported waa 674,160 ounces, and of Un* total 6-,S50 ounces woro from Now Zcalaiiil. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE PARTURE OP THE LAST MAIL. Arn.tr. 23, SwifUure, for Londun. Passengora-saloon : The Rev. Dr. Beamish, Mrs. Beamish, and family; Mr. and Mrs. M. W. Bowes, Mrs. Stacpoolo, Dr. Arthur, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Mercer, Miss Wilmot, Bliss Haynes, Mita Sherwell, Mra. Mills, Mr. W. J. Wilkonson, Mr. and Mr.. Battye, Mr. Oardall ; Mr. and Mra. Heitogs, family, and servant; Mr. Harper; aud 74 in the second and third class. Anti- 24. Geelong, R.M.S S , for Point do Gallo. Passengers -cabin : For King Georgo's Sound-Misa _. Comp- ton, Messrs. G. Simpson, R. Hondorson. and J. M'Sorloy. For Ma.raa-Mr. Carstairs and European man son ant For Calcutta-Mr. .Tobozy. For Sue_ Mr. and Mrs. Obu.ltn and Mr. Langdon. For Mar rollies-Messrs. B. Farmer, Elders, Denis, Lieutenant Panter, Mrs. Council and infant. For Southampton Messrs. W. Nolaou, G. How, and Dr. Stool. A mir, 27. SoincreotBlilro, s.S.,for London- Pas lengora-Balonn: Mr. and Mrs. James Smith and two chtldrou, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Sewoli, Mr. and Urs. E. M. Lascelles Mr. and Mrs. George Warley, Mr. and Mrs. Allan Staley, Mr. and Mrs, John Chris- topher, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Hooper, Mrs. F. Simms, Miss Peel, Miss E. Hogarth and servant, Mi's Collins and sen-ant, Miss Barker, Mrs. J. S. Atwood, child, and servant; "Iles Warley, Dr. M. Barry, Dr. C. S. Horsford, Captain Tcrkelson, Mr. Wm. Spain and sorvaut, Messrs F. Hopcroft, Wm. Barbor, D. M'Phall, J.mes Brook, Thomas Weight. H. H. Pln nl.or, A. Hondón, Wm West, _dwd. Simmons, W. J. Disher, John E. Ellis, D. Munro, J. A. Hardy, JOBoph Solders, Clement Collins, Charles Edwards, T. U. Itodorick, David Hammond, Simon Mayer, A. Mooro, Frank Jackson, Masters Xfm. and Olios. Hogarth ; and 183 in tho second and third cabluB. " Ai-itiL 30. Springbok, far Fiji Islands.-Passengers-cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Park. Mr. and Mrs. Koitcr and Son, Dr. Roach, Dr. M'Grath, Messrs. Sorrll, Whitty. Bmlth ? Bcithor, Bloomfield, John Borra-. Thomas BBTO'' William Boiry, D'Fsto, Fraser, Fleetwood, Henrv Wilson, Bromwlck, Schadler, and DeihU STOCK AND SHARE LIST. FKID_T, MAT 20. of Loan. Prices. £ I £ 1000000 Viet. Gov. Rlavy. (local), 8 pur cent' 108-1081 800000 , Viet Government (local), Spoi conti 100-100Ï 100000 Melbourne Corporation, O p.;r cent ,1001.107? 10000 Ballarat Water. 8 per cent. '_'?' \- ¡Ballarat Municipal, 8 por i i>nt .. _. \- Collingwood Gas, Oper cent. .. _ GOOOO 'Molbourno Gas, 7percent. _ 30300 ,Molb. _ H. B. United, 8 por cení, __ 185400 Do., 7 por cent."v-ïï _ 153300 ¡Do., 0 per cent. ,. .. '.jii.l _ 100000 'Do-, G per cent. .I 02.91 20000 INolson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 por i-ont. .. - 0000 'Otago Provincial Gov.. 8 i,or conti - ö_ 600000 60090 80000 24908 14900 GOOOO 20S0 24430 210000 1250001 260001 40000 16250' 100000] 40000 00000 GO 25000 1 25000 1 58370 6 17875' 10 3000\. 6 87500 Lilac «¡V. Pu-no COMPANIES. pL-rcontl BAKUS. | i Bal. Bankg. (limit) Do., now issue .. i i ¡Colonial of A list ral. ¡ iGJiCommercial of Aus I trnlia (limited) ..' 2iMelb. Bank Corpo- ration illmlted) .J 4iNntional of Austral. 20,Ncw South Wales... L-l f Victor.'apicl.rcg.) la>\ \ Do. (London reg.) 2 Land Mortgage .. ? OAS COMI'AMKS. 7 Ballarat .. ..' G|Bendlgo .. ..I S.Cn-llcmaino ..' i Colllngw'd is Fitzroy ^Daylesford (limited) I Geelong !. Molbourno -j INSURANCE. .. Austral. Fire & Mar. ' j I Australasian Lifo l[Austral!an Alliance.] J National Fire lns.ur.1 I Southern Insurancel II Victoria Lifo & Gen, 25 Victoria Fire & Mar. MISCK-LANEO-B. 1) Australian Dkv ii f mond Mines .. 6 Bendigo Watcnvorkl G Gipps Lnd. SteamN. 5 Hob BayR. Sea Bath 7\. Maritime & Honorai 1 CreditCo. (Limit) 6 Molb. Meat-Presrvg. _ Mudgoo Gold and ) I Diamond J 12333,' 60 '60 MolbournoExch'ngo] 60000, 6 i 5,Ovcns Waterworks 120001 1 I 1 Studley Park Brldgo] 7000, 20 20 Victorian leo ..' 82S40, 20 20, Warrenheip Distily. , RAl-aVAYS. 634700' 50 50Melb._Hob.BayUd. MINES. 12} 0 m 10 il DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 3000 4000 8200 2000 2100 2000 2600 4400 1000 4000 4000 7M.0 3200 2500 2500 GOO 450 12800 8343 0000 2500 4032 G448 Alma Consols, Maryborough. Band of Hopo and Albion Consols, Ballarat .. Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Break-o' Day, Rokowood Buninyong, Buninyong Buninyong New, Buniny.ng Great Nurlhorn Junction, Ballarat . Galatea, Scarsdale .. Golden Stream Golden Horn, Springdallah.. Golden Lake, Scarsdale Grand Trunk, Creswick Grand Trunk, Happy Valley Great Gulf, Ballarat.. Í Do., new issue .. J Kneebone, El Dorado .. Koh-i-noor, Ballarat Leviathan, Ballarat Lower Huntly Doop Lead .. Magnum Bonum, Maryboro'. Park, Ballarat. Princo of Wales, Ballarat .. St. Gcorgo and Band of Hope Sadowa, Talbot Scottish & Cornish, Ballarat United Albion and Princo of Wales, Ballarat Wellington, El Dorado 149.-159. 161H63 8J-0 6J-3 13-1 3t-31 7-71 lOHi 13-14 4_-5 _-2_ 2-2J JHÎ 25s.--.0l. NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 3500 10600 2600 1000 1000 4000 8500 4600 6000 6000 7000 8000 2600 3000 7000 4400 8000 0400 12u00 1000 3000 25(0 7038' 7 Albion Consols, Ballarat .. 8 All Saints', Ballarat .. \- Ballarat & Bendigo, Huntly. 5 Durham, Ballarat 8 Do., préfèrent \- Do., now. 6 Emperor, Ballarat .. 6 Great Extended, Eldorado .. 6 Do., ContribuíIng .. 20 Great North-west, B_llar.it.. 10 Do., now '. 5 Inkermann and Durham, Bal. 2J Lady Sutton, Chiltern 4 ¡Melb.urnu and Avoca, Avoca 5 ¡Nightingale, Ballarat 2 North Parn, Ballarat 6 ¡Prince Imperial 3 South Nighrlngalo .. 30 ¡United Hanil-in-Hand and) IO I Band of Hipe. Balhinit ) 6 ¡United Ovons Gold and Tin, ) Eldorado.J 6 D«., Contributing .. 10 United Suburban, Ballarat.. \- ¡Winter's Freehold, Rillirat.. 163.-161. 2s.-3s. 80-90 DJ».-7* 35.-1 l-U 4HÍ 23-3V "--3 2J-21 DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 10000 10000 2400 1000U' 2200 1000 20000 3510, 2480 2500, C5C00 1980 1200, 32000 2000! 12000] 10D5ÍI 1710! 160-14 11(100 24000 12005 0910 23100 28000 28000 4800 12000 1200, 2037Ü, 10573 1G000 2000 10000 1800 2400 520 2060 20000 2.00 28S76 16000 22000 10S0 soco 1000 20000 2400 7000 22600 1088 2000 2600 .1400 80COO 060 COO 4800 20CI0O! 22500 i Alliance, Bendigo .. 80 - Advance Bendigo 1 Agamemnon, Bendigo 1 Ajax, Alexandra G Alb.rt Company, Alexandra 1 Ajax, Castlemaine .. 10 Albion, Steiglitz 15 All Nations, Matlock.. 1 Argus, Bendigo .. * 10 Al Castle ltcof, Wood's Pt. 15 Black hill, Ballarat .. 2 Black J-Jnuo.l'gortutt 1 Catherine Roof United Claim holders, Bendigo 1 Clunes, Clunes 17j,01iines United, Clunes lj.Coinot, Bendigo Costerfield, Heathcote li Dorby, Maldon 1 Eaglehawk Asso., Maldon ,, 1 Do. Prcferonco, Maldon 1 ¡Do. Union, Maldon 1J Ellesmere, Bendigo .. 1 jEnorgotio, Bendigo .. î j-Grand Junction, Maldon 4 J Great Britain, Bondlgo 1 at. Extended Hustler's, Bon. 1 Hercules, Bendigo ., _ 'DonicwardBound.Aloxandra 1 Hopo. Wood's Point ,. \- Hunt's, Wood- Point 26s. Hustler's Reef, Bendigo 2\. Johnson's Reef, Bendigo . 1 Lady Barkly, Bendigo \- Leviathan, Black River 1 'Llnscott's Beef, Maldon 10 Longfellow, Stringer's 6 Long Tunnel, Stringer's 10 ¡Nelson, Maldon .. . 20 New North Clunes .. J Nil Desperandum, Raywood.. 6 .North Gipps Land, Stringer's 1 iNorthl.usfclor-BcDf, Bendigo \- N. Specimen Hill, Bondlgo 1 North Johnson's, Bondlgo \- Prince of Wales, Matlock G Red Jacket, Bright .. 74 Royal Standard, Black River. \- Sparrowhawk, Bendigo 6 .Speculation, Maldon .. 1 South Ajax, Castlemaine 1 St. Mungo, Bendigo .. 10 ¡Speclmou-liill, Daylesford 10 Steiglitz, Steiglitz .. \- Sultan, Blaekwood .. United Happy Valley, Buck ' land. Victory, Bendigo Victoria, Clunes Walhalla, Stringer's Creok 10 26 \- Wallaby, Growler's Creok " Young Chum, Bondlgo 7S.--Í. 2.9-5?. 6s.-10s.l 14-16 4-G UJ3.-15... 12..-1ÔI. 6s-7s, 7.-3 .53. 2_-4_ Sj!M> 27ÎS.-233. 813.-SJ 10..-1Ó3. 161.-1S». 6J.-S-. OJs.-1-B. 40s -15s 114-110 13-14 0J5.-10.8. 11S.-H.J. lHi 5.S.-03, 2H 10.-11 1W1 11S-120 101,-163. KON-DIATDEND QUARTZ. 6000 8000 20000 0000 24000 2000 1600 1020 8000 4000 4000 4800 8000 2000 8000 82000 iSUiO 3200 3600 2400 4000 8200 4C00 3000 4000 4000 11000 2500 2000 G000 3500 4000 20274 8100 SOO« -000 Alexandra Mining & Crushing Ben Lomond, Stuartmill . Burn's Beef, Forest Creek .. Clunes, Great Northern .. Eagle, Bendigo Empress, Stringer's energetic, Lauriston.. Eureka, Stringer's Creek .. Flying Scud. Golden Ago, Bondlgo Golden Point, Clunes Great Wheal, Clunes,. HciculcB, Stringer's .. Homew'd Bound, Scotchmn t Ms, Stuartmill Kangaroo Bob, Egerton Koh-i-noor, Bendigo.. London _ Australian, Clune. Magdala, Plfaumt Creek .. Mariner's lind Sloan's, do, .. Now Garibaldi, Blackwood .. Newhigton, Pleasant (Jreek.. North Cohen'-, Stringer'« Ck New N. Cohen's, Stringer .Ok North Clunes Extension North Clunes Cons-Is, Cliir-* Oriental. Clunes Pegleg, Bendigo Quoen Victoria, Canadians .. south St. Mungo S-uth Cohen's, Stringer's .. Sth. Scotchman, Pleasant Ck. Trojan, Blackwood .. Tubal Cain, Stringer's li. Poverty Roef, Tarnagulla Victoria Reef, Bondlgo Victoria, Gordons .. ., Wellesley, Egerton .. White Hor-o, E-Orton _.. 1B.-1K 8S.-5-. 89.-4». 22-23. 7J-8 5S.-7J-, 4..-4.J. 1Î.S.-13 IttJ 2J-2. Os.-"» ISs.-lOs 4i.-5í. 6J-5Í 14a.-10ä Printed and published by Hpo.ii GEOROB, «J J" Attar/a Office, Collins-strcot, Melbourne, for Wi-w» and MAOEUiKON, proprietors. 