THE MONTH. SUMMARY OF NEWS PROM THE 7TH SEPTEMBER, TO THE 7TH OCTOBER, 1870, BOTH DATS INCLUSIVE. Considerable agitation prevailed amongst the various Friendly Societies in Hobart Town, in the early part of the month, in consequence ot the Bill before Parliament to amend the present Friendly Society's Act, and introduced by a private member of tbe House who happens just at present to be the Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of the Order of Odd Fellows' of Tasmania. The effect of the agitai tion was that the Bill was withdrawn. A Danish seaman, aged 27, named Samuel Longuest, who came to this colony in the Rnnneymede and died recently in the General Hospital of lung disease, was buried on the 5th September with cir» cumstances of ceremony somewhat unusual in similar cases. The coffin, borne by four seamen was covered by the Danish Ensign and followed by Mr Hedberg and his sons—some other gentlemen connected with the shipping interests, several seamen of ships in port, and several male German immigrants. The fnneral was conducted by the Rev Tice Gellibrand, 'Vicar of St David's Cathedral Church, by whom the deceased had been attended since his removal to the Hospital. During the early part of the month of September Patrick O'Bierne, Maria O'Beime, Catherine Kennedy and Margaret Oswald were apprehended on a charge being concerned, as receivers, in the plate robbery from the Chief JnBtice's on the 24th May laBt. They underwent long examinations at the Police Office, and were at last committed for trial. The Grand Jury however only found a true bill against O'Beime, and he was at the Criminal Sessions, at a later period of tbe month, discharged by the jnry. The only evidence against him being the oath of the convicted thief of the plate; a man who had passed nearly the whole of his life in gaol for one offence or another. A general feeling of sympathy was felt in the city for O'Beime, who bad been put to disgrace and expense, on the word of a malicioUB scoundrel, A suicide of a very determined character was committed on the afternoon of the 9th September, in the Queen's Domaie, a little above the High School It appears that the body was first seen by a woman named Johnson, who gave information to the police. The body when fonnd was lying on its face, with a razor close to the right hand. The throat of the deceased was cut from ear to ear,and from the state of the clothing of the deceased he must have committed tie rash act whilst standiog up, as tbe who'.e of the front of his clothing was saturated with blood. The deceased was a respectablesettler named John Hatton aged 24 years, and a resident of Jerusalem. He had been in town staying at Cowburn'a hotel, Melvillestreet, and at Mr Cooley's hotel, the Black Prince, in Elizabeth- Street for some few days. Nothing extraordinary had been noticed in his demeanour. The inquest disclosed little beyond the fact that the deceased was unmarried, and was in money difficulties. A man named Edward Smith was picked op by two young men at the corner of Argyle and Liverpool-streets, abont four o'clock on the afternoon of Sunday the llth Sept, and conveyed to the hospital. He complained of shortness of breath. He was attended to by the House Snrgeon, Dr Tnrnley, and died in half an honr after his admission. Lung disease was the cause of his death. Mr Burdon, tbe coachbuilder of Argylenstreet, is turning out several handsome carriages. One is a pair horse barouche that would prove an ornament to any capital city in the world. It possesses all the improvements of recent date in this class of carriages, one or two of which are specialiteB of Mr Burdon's own. One of these is the principle on which the forepart of the carriage turns under the body. Instead of turning on a central pin.the body turns on two circles BO arranged that there is no danger of the wheels getting locked, or the body overbalancing, whilst the draught is always in a straight direction. The barouche is also provided with much higher fore wheels than usual, and these are made to work easily in turning under the fore arch of the carriage by giving it a greater spring, and this working in conjunction with the new mode of conpiing has enabled the body of the carriage to be shortened, giving a greater elegance in appearance. A deputation of five of the Germans now domioiled in the old Female Hospital had an interview with His Excellency the Governor, at the Executive Council Chambers on the 12th Sept. The deputation was received with His Excellency's proverbial courtesy. The object of the deputation was to present a petition from the German immi-. grants stillf unemployed who represent 17 fathers of families and 40 children, to be placed on the waste lands of the colony under certain conditions, which would have to go to the Legislature before they could be entertained. His Excellency informed tbe deputation that the petition should be laid before the Executive Council, but that of himself he could give no definite answer, except that the matter should receive the fullest and fairest consideration. On a subsequent date His Excellency's advisers replied to the following effect ;—i 'The regulations for the disposal of the Waste Lands of the Crown, of necessity, apply to all, of whatever country they may have been citizens, and it is not in the power of the Government to offer advantages to immigrants from Germany which they are debarred from affording to all who may seek to locate thmselves in Tasmania." The Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court were opened on the 13th September before Sir Francis Smith, Kct, Chief Justice. A second Court was held before Mr Justice Dobson. The tria's extended over three days. The cases tried presented no particular features, beyond that of O'Beirn's mentioned in another place- The Colonial Treasurer made his financial statement to the House of Assembly on the evening of the 13th Sept. The estimates for 1871 provided for a probable expenditure of X232.276 14s 3d,and the estimated revenue for the same year shewed £224,000, so that there was a probable deficiency of £8000. There would also be an ascertained deficiency for 1870 of about £4000, so that additional taxation to the amount of £12,030 was necessary. The additions to the tariff as passed by both Houses of the Legislature are printed in another column. The Fellows of the Royal Society of Tasmania held their usual monthly meeting on the evening of the 13th September. The following papers were read:—" Notes on the Meteorology and Mortality of August," by Dr E. Hall, " Remarks on the China Grass Plant," by F. Abbott, junr,, Esq. Notes on an excursion to Cumming's Head, and the Falls of the Meander, on the Western Mountains, Tasmania." by W. Archer Esq. F.L S. On the evening of the 18th September, a large public meeting was held (at the Town Hall to adopt a petition to the Legislature, and protest against the proposed new duties on meat, and other items as now (7th Oct.) finally passed the Assembly. The annual ball of the Manchester Unity Order of Odd Fellows, came off at the Town Sail on the evening of the 19th September. It went off with great spirit. The Vice, Regal party consisting of His Excellency the Governor, the Hon Mrs Da Cane, and Mr Chichester . (A.D.C.) arrived pre* cisely at nine o* clock when they were met at the doors of the Town Hall by His Worship the Mayor and Aldermen and escorted to the ba l-room at the entrance of which they were received by the Officers and Brethem of the Order with the honors peculiar to tbe Fraternity. With their accuBlotncd courtesy, tbe Stewards had issued invitations to the Judges, the Members of the Legislature, and their families, and amongst the visitors we noticed the Chief Jnstice and Lady Smith, Mr Justice Dobson and Mrs Dobson the Hon Mr Dunn and Mrs Dnnn, His Worship the Mayor and Mrs Smart, and most of the members of both Houses of Parliament, The ball was opened by His Excellency the Governor and I<ady Smith, the Chief JuBtice and the Hon Mrs DuCane being visavit. By ten o'clock the ball-room presented a gay and brilliant appearance, tbe rich and poor, the young and beautiful, the steady artizan and the learned- Judge, the Governor and the apprenticed youth, all engaged with fair and suitable partners—the picture . of health and happiness—in the pleasures of terpsin chore. On the evening of the 20th September, tbe telegraphic news of the arrival of the Californian Mail at Sydney was received in Hohart Town. By that opportunity we received intelligence from Europe to the 10th August, and tbe war news created great excitement throughout the city. On the 21st September a goodly number of holiday, makers proceeded up tc Bridgewater in the paddle steamer Monarch for the purpose ot witnessing the ploughing matches. The day was beautifully fine; and tbe passengers enjoyed their trip exceedingly. The Monarch returned to her usual berth at the river steamer's wharf shortly after six o'clock in the evening. On the 13th September a fatal accident happened at the Derwent Hotel, at the Falls. At abont half past 8 o'clock on the evening of the above date Mr Wm Pilkington, the landlord, proceeded to his stable for the purpose of feeding and watering his horses. A youth named Walter Glann, aged 11 years youngest son of the late John Glann, who it may be remembered was murdered at the Horse Shoe Bridge by one Edward Morris in the year 1860—also accompanied Mr Pilkington as had been usual, for the purpose of assisting by taking the horses to water at the River Derwent, and in doing BO is supposed to have been kicked by one of them on the head. The galloping of the hones was heard by Mr Pilkington who came out of tbe stable with a lantern, and at a short distance from the stable found the boy lying insensible in the road bleeding profusely from the right ear. Mr Pilkington at once called assistance and himself mounted a horse and rode to New Norfolk for Dr Moore who was quickly on the spot and on examination of the wound pronounced it a hopeless case.' The boy continued in* sensible up- to his death which occurred at about half past nine o'clock the following morning. A warm debate took place in the Legislative Council on the 22nd inst on Mr Clerke's motion as to the Constitutional position of the ban the President, F. M. Innes Esq., the member for Sonth Esk, and James Whyte Esq., the member for Pembroke, who holding offices of emolument under the Government and not being responsible officers held seats in that House. It was '. disclaimed by the mover and the hon gentlemen who supported the resolutions, that it was aimed personally at those gentlemen, but that their cases were merely named to exemplify the principle. Tha motion and resolution were carried by 7 to 5, and thereupon, the Council adjourned as the President wished time to consider what course he should *»lr« in the matter. On the sitting of the Council on the following day the President took his seat, and said that three sessions had passed since he was appointed, he did not think it necesaary to consider that the motion had any personal reference to honorable gentlemen then in the House. The hon Mrs DnCane and Sir Francis Smith paid a visit to the Cascades on ,the 22nd September and inspected the Boys' Reformatory, and afterwards visited the establishment throughout. They expressed themselves highly satisfied with the arrangements and the state of the bnilding, The Super* intendent of the Cascades put the boys through their daily drill in the presence of the distinguished visitors. It is proposed so resuscitate the old bather's association, and a number of gentleman are agitating the question. The little city of Hobart Town was in quite state of excitement on Saturday night the 24th Sept., when abont half-past seven o'clock it became known tbat the telegraphic news by the Suez mail had arrived, and that Extras were shortly to be issued by the newspaper offices. The arrival of the news via San Francisco of the French army having sustained severe reverses had prepared and whetted the pnblic mind for further important details. The news via San Francisco was scarcely credited, as it was thought impossible f hat the French troops would so easily succumb; but it is now plainly evident that tbe weak point of France is her want of generals. The first edition of the Extras was pnbiished a little after nine o'clock, and the fact having become public that Emperor Napoleon waB a prisoner in the hands of the Prussians, caused a great rush for copieB of the Extras. The mail reached Hobart Town on the following Tuesday morning, the 27th Sept. A magnificent display of the Aurora Australia, or southern lights, was witnessed on Saturday night Sept 24,by the crowds that were assembled opposite newspaper offices waiting for the second edition of the Extras containing the .news by the Suez Mail, From a little after ten o'clock to past eleven, the heavens, from a point overhead down to. the horizon seaward, were one blaze of light, being in the centre a bright rose pink and shading off at the sides to a lighter pink and dying off into a pale yellow. The hues were constantly changing, and at times bright scintillating raya were darted out from the sideB and main body of light. In ancient days when portents were viewed with alarm, the fact of these rose-colonred appearances in the sky appearing just as the important war news was being received a panic might have been caused. An old blind man named John Hawkins died snadeny of natural causes on the road side on the 21st Sept.. whilst travelling on the main line of road. A Gazette Extraordinary was issned on the 27th Sept. containing despatches from the Secretary of State for the Colonies enclosing Her Majesty's proclamation for the maintenance of nentrality in consequence of the existing war between France acd Prussia and a letter from Lord Granville to Lord Kimberley intimating Her Majesty's pleasure on various matters connected with the existing hostilities between those powers Abont the 10th of September, veiy heavy rains were general throughout the country and especially in the north, where heavy floods were the consequence, and considerable damage was done to the works of the Launceston and Western Railway postponing the opening of the Railroad to tbe beginning of next year. The C. Chronicle of the 12th Sept, in reporting of tbe floods finishes a long account of them as follows :—In other parts of tbe line, also, portions of the embankment have given way, but until the flood waters subside, it is impossible to estimate tbe precise amount of damage done. We confine ourselves on this occasion to a mere statement of facts. The flood has been a severe one, but at the same time it Bhould not have injured the line to the extent accorded. We fear the Launceston and Western Railway will be another monument of folly of the " guarantee system," which Government seems so anxious to continue in regard to the Main Line Railway. We need scarcely say tbat all traffic on the line is stopped, it being unsafe to run an engine over it in its present condition. A fatal accident occurred at the Black Bush on Saturday the 24th ult. A Mr Goowdin his wife and two yonng children were in a chaise cart, and wbile crossing a ford, and the liver being swollen by tbe heavy rains, the cart capsized and a baby 10 months old, was drowned. Mr Goodwin being an expert swimmer managed with great difficulty to save his wife and the other child, A salmon smolt about five inches long tras caught by a lad fishing with a hook and line at New Norfolk on the 28th Sept. It was forwarded to the Museum, and there preserved in spirits. A special meeting of the shareholders of th« Derwent and Tamar Assurance Company was held at the offices of the Company at noon on Wednesday 28ih Sept. whon the hon, Alfred Kennerley Esq. was eleeted- a director, vice John Brent Esq. deceased. The directors of the Hobart Town, and Launceston Marine Insurance Company bave declared a dividend of £4 per share. A murder was committed on the night of the 3rd October at Launceston, for which there appeared no reason and the perpetrator i» still at large. About 10 o'clock at night |as the watchman was closing the gate a person passing heard cries of murder, and proceeding to the apot found the watchman dying being (tabbed in seven places. He was dead before-medical asa sistanee waB obtained. He stated that he did not know who it was that stabbed him. A man was seen escaping orer the fence of the hospital, but he has not yet been identified. 