«nergy and independence which were developed in the New. England Skates. During the Continental wars, whenEnrope eould r not spare even her paupers, it dwindled away to a few thousands per annum. After the wars, when immigration was resumed, a better class of immigrants presented themselves, who did not require the assistance of marine speculators. The last sales on record occurred at Philadelphia in 1819, and consequently for fifty years American immigration has been free. Mr. Kapp, of the New York Immigration Commissioners, has exhumed some old statis tics, which illustrate the early growth of the movement that now supplies America with foreign labour to the value of a million dollars per day. In 1817 the aggregate influx was still under twelve thousand, and during the next ten years it gained not more-' than 50 per cent, on the annual average. In 1829 it receded to little more than ten thousand, and in 1830 it was under four thousand— as near as may be to the South Australian ratio now. From 1830 onward the rivulet can be traced into a broad stream and the stream into a mighty river. In 1845 the river was flooded by a simultaneous exodus from Ireland and Germany. During the ten years ending with 1854 there were a million and a half of Irish, and a million and a quarter of Germans landed at United States ports. These two classes alone represented an annual ratio of two hundred and seventy thousand. The next decennial period ending in 1S64, or say at the close of the civil war, produced barely half the previous average. The deceunium now in progress may possibly equal that of 1845-54, but as the current is already contracting, it i3 also possible that the immigration of the next five years may be small. The latest maximum, according to Mr. Kapp, is three hundred thousand per annum, which he assesses at a value to the country of 1,275 dollars per head. His meaning is that the same quan tity of labour, skilled and unskilled, had it to be reared in America, would cost 1,125 dollars per head to bring it to equal efficiency. He then allows 150 dollaraper head for capital introduced by immigrants. Mr. Kapp is characteristically American in the catholicity of his generalizations and in his power of assumption. It will be observed above that he treats the whole three hundred thousand a* adulti— very compli mentary to the 40 per cent, of juveniles, but not advantageous to the calculation. The Nobthkrx Territory. — We understand that the Bengal, Capt. Grierson, has been chartered by the Government to proceed to the Northern Torritory for the sum of £800 for tho voyage up. She is to leave Port Adelaide on the 16th inst., subject to the usual penalties for demurrage. Mr. II. S. Gardiner, tho Chief Land Gerk of the Territory, and Police- trooper Todd are to go in the Bengal, whose arrival at Port Darwin will be the signal for commencing the selection of land. The probable cabin passage will be £20, and the steerage fare £12. Proight is to be £2 l(k per ton measurement; but no decision ha3 yet been mado as to tho charge for conveyance of horses, the question as to whother tho Government will supply pro vender not being settled. The barque is now on her way from Newcastle to Port_ Adelaide, aed is daily expected. Tho Bengal is not new to the Northern Territory, having taken up Mr. McKinlay's party. As no arrangement has been made for a return charter, her passengers will be thrown on their own resources when they reach Port Darwin. This may help to swell the projected overland party, and to give greater erJut to the undertaking when accom plished. The Water Sitplt.— Great uneasiness is felt about tho state of the water supply, tho reservoir having now only a clear depth of seven feet, which, notwithstanding some recent showers, will not avail without great economy for more than about 20 days' use. On Monday one-third of the pressure was removed, in addition to the valve being closed for six hours out of the 21 (10 p.m. to 4 a.m.). Those pro cautions, together with care on the part of the jmblic in avoiding waste, will, it is hoped, pre vent any absolute failure in the water supply till the advent of the much-needed rainfall. Presbyterian CucncH.— The annual meeting of the Presbytery will be held this morning in the Flinders-street Vestry, and in tho evoning r. public meeting will be held in Chalmers Church, at which addresses are to be delivered by the Rev. Messrs. Anderson, Law, Michie, and Henderson. Flower Show.— The Horticultural and Flori cuhural Society will hold a Chrysanthemum Show to-day in tho long room of the Norfolk Anns. Defaulting District Clerks.— A few wool™ ago the Clerk at Williamstown was reported uon eat, and Council moneys and books were missing, but his haul was a mere bagatelle com pared with one just made by Mr. James Will shire, of Rhyme. Some excitement has been caused in that township by his disappearance, and many anxiously asked a3 to his where abouts without hearing anythingverydefinite. Ho left Rhyme on Tuesday morning by the mail coach for Adelaide, stating that he would return on Friday, but on his not reappearing suspicions were aroused, and Councillors Nickolk and Ryan, having examined the District Council books, found that there was some foundation for unpleasant surmises. Upon enquiring at the Council's bankers as to the state of tho funds there, it was discovered that instead of there being a credit balance of between £200 and £300 as was supposed, the right side of the ledger showed the figures £3 73. 6d. It was reported on Saturday that they had then ascer tained the existence of a deficiency amounting to £430, but whether this is the limit remains to be seen. He was believed to be in pecuniary difficulties, and his stock and goods, wo learn, have been seized. Willshire is supposed to have gone to Melbourne, and a warrant has, it is understood, been issued for his apprehension, so that possibly he may ere long be in safe keeping. Gymnastic Demonstration. — On Monday evening, May 2. the members of the various English gymnastic classes under the tuition of Mr. Leschen held their periodical demonstra tion at the new Gymnaahim, Pirie-street. There was a numerous and fashionable attendance, a large number of ladies being present. The room, which is a very commodious one and well stocked with all requisites for athletic exercises, was tastefully decorated, and music was discoursed by a band stationed in the gallery. Mr. J. Souttar, J.P., presided. The performers, about 15 in number, then com menced their programme, exhibiting their strength, agility, and skill on the horizontal and parallel bars, trapeze, Roman ropes, fcc. Jumping in every possible form and pole-leaping occupied a considerable portion of the evening, and the active part of the entertainment closed ?with various manoeuvres cleverly carried out on the dummy horse, which was cleared at a con siderable height, also when surmounted by a boot. The proficiency which has been attained by tho gymnasta reflects great credit on their own pereeveranca and that of their tutor. On the motion of Mr. Souttar, seconded by Mr. W. Kay, hearty thanks were accorded to those who had famished the evening's amusement, and this having been acknowledged by Mr. T. H. Bowen, the proceedings terminated with the National Anthem. AcciDE3T.~A frightful accident occurred at tho Gawler Railway Station on the arrival of ; the last up train from the city on Monday, i May 2, to a labourer named John Lewi3. Some ! ' shunting was being done, and Lewis, to stop | the trucks from moving on, placed a pieco of wood in front of the wheels. It is supposed the wood flew up and struck him, knocking him down. His left arm fell across the line, and the wheels of the trucks passed over, fracturing it in a frightful manner. The sufferer was at once placed in the down train, and ssnt to the Ado aide Hospital, where Dr. Clindeniug, assisted by Doctors Phillips, Whittell, Logan, and Ellison, removed the arm from the socket, and amputated the little finger of the other hand. Lewis has also received a somewhat severe wound on tho forehead, and the thumb of tho right hand has been broken and the middle finger severely injured. He is a smart, active man, 23 years of age, married, but without a family. The City of Dublin Collision.— The Marine Bot*rd on Monday wa3 engaged in investigating the circumstances attending the collision between the ship City of Dublin and the steamer Lubro. Several witnesses wore examined, and the en quiry was adjourned untQ Tuesday morning. Lands Titles Office.— Subjoined is a com parative statement of the transactions under the Real Property Act «luring April of this and the past year:— 1869\. 1870. Applications ? 87 65 Transfers ? 207 100 Mortgages ? 205 156* Leases ? 39 22 Transfers of mortgage ? 8 23 Discharges ? 151 102 Powers of attorney ? 1 3 Caveats ? 4 6 Transfers of lease ? 7 4 Surrenders of lease ? 11 11 Trusts ? — 2 Licences ? 1 4 Transmissions ? 6 21 Withdrawals of caveat ? 1 5 Powers of attorney ? 1 . -J Encumbrance ? 7 — Certificates of death ? — 3 Certificates of marriage ? — 1 Writs ? — 1 Totals ? 735 622 Fees of office ? £700 3 5 £564 2 0 Valuelaudbrought under Act £61,601 £49,376 New Congregational Church. — The new Independent Church at Kadina, the foundation stone of which was laid by Mr. Alex. Hay, M.P., on August 28, 1869, has been formally opened for public worship. On Friday evening, April 22, the first sermon was preached in it by the Jtev. J. Jefforis, of North Adelaide, to a large and attentive congregation. On Sunday a sermou was preached in the morning by the Rev. J. Jefferis; afternoon, by the Rev. A. Michie, of Wallaroo; and evening, by the Rev. J. Jefforis. On each occasion the church was filled, and the eloquence of Mr. Jefferis was the general subject of conversation during the ensuing days. Tho special services marking the opening of tho building were most satisfactory, and the indefatigable church officers, assisted as they have been cordially by the congregation, are, with their esteemed pastor, to be congratulated on the favourable result that has crowned their joint labours. The building, which is very near the old church, is a roomy edifice well adapted for tho purpose 'for which it was designed, and reflects great credit upon all who have had the management and the carrying out of the labour required to put it up. Mr. Gaskell, of Kadina, was the architect, and Mr. Joseph Nottle the contractor; and all testimony concurs in praising the excellent work that has been done. The contract for the shell of the building was taken at £570, but the total cost will be about £S50. Towards this tho congregation had raised, prior to tho special service?, about £350, besides pur chasing the block of land upon which the building stands, thus leaving a debt of nearly £500. But towards liquidating this there are the pro ceeds of the special services ; also a sum derived from a eale of articles contributed by ladies of tho congregation and their friends, which took place on Wednesday, April 27, in Mr. Gaskell's schoolroom. After the sale there was a tea meeting, at which not less than 250 persons sat down to enjoy the refection pro vided. Afterwards a public meeting wa? held in tho now church, Dr. Robertson baing in the chair. Interesting addresses were delivered by the Revs. A. Michie, J. Y. Simpson, J. Lloyd, W. Wilson, S. Raymond, J. Allen, and'j. McCormack ; and a statistical account of the financial state and of the efforts and progress that had been made was given by Mr. T. H. Hall. Between the speeches appropriate anthems were sung by the choir in a pleasing manner, under the direction of Mr. N. Lewi3, . who presided at the harmonium. — Wallaroo Times. Rxmarkabi.k Coincidences.— Recently there were held at Narracoorte two meetings on the game day to discuss the propriety of again attempting to form a District Council and to establish a Farmers' Club. A report a column in length appeared in the Register of April 22, and in the Border Watch of April 27 one was published giving a very slightly condensed account of the proceedings, professedly supplied by that paper's t: Own Correspondent' at Narra coorte. After the opening sentences, however, tho two reports are so nearly identical in their wording that the conclusion arrived at by any one glancing at each would be that a reporter had represented both papers, and sent a fuller notice to the Register than to Mount Gambier, or that the later was copied from the earlier report and then printed without the slightest acknowledgment of its real source. We do not happen to know who is tho local correspondent of the irofe7«, but are credibly informed that he was not even present at these meetings, whereas our representative was. A slight verbal inac curacy appeared in the Register, and thfe too was faithfully reproduced iu the Watch. It therefore seems that, not for the first time, the local correspondent of the Wa'xh has furnished to the paper he represents a report substantially from the Register, which he has claimed a3 his own. Of course the country Press has the most complete liberty to take from city papers paragraphs, telegrams, or reports, just as wo have from provincial papers, but when these are reproduced in the form in which they were originally inserted courtesy and common honesty demand that they should be acknowledged. A Relic of a Massacred Crew.— Some few years ago a Danish sailor, named Vgesk, was employed at Newcastle, and while there was the means of saving some lives during one of the heavy gales that occasionally prevail at that port. The Sydney public, in recognition of his gallant conduct, entered into a subscription, and presented him with a gold watch worth 30 guineas. His merit being also represented by Captain Hixson, our Superintendent of Pilots, &c;, to the British Royal Humane Society, that institution awarded him a medal. Vgesk sub sequently came to Sydney, and shipped on board the schooner Marion Renny, which was bound to the South Sea Islands, in the tortoiseshell trade. The fate of Captain Delaney and crew of the Marion Renny will still be fresh in the minds of people here, the whole crew having been murdered by the natives of Roubiana, one of the Solomon Islands. After the lapse of several years, Captain Macfarland, of the ketch Rose and Thistle, fitted out his craft for trading in the same locality. On the 28th of January last he was in the harbour of Roubiana proceeding with his traffic for shell, when one of the chiefs sent him the watch and medal intact. By means of trade he obtained the two articles andbrought them to Sydney. He has shown them to Captain Hixson, who is anxious that they should be given up to Vgesk's friends, if any can be found. It is somewhat extraordinary that so delicate an article as a watch should for several years have remained uninjured in the hands of savages so ignorant as not to know its value or use.~Sydney Morning Herald. English Grasses. — A late issue of the Kyneton Guardian (Victoria) said:— 'The growth of English grasses at the present time, after the recent seasonable rains, would be almost incredible to those who have not had an opportunity of testing it for themselves. In the Hon. Mr. Mitchell's paddocks at Barfold ryegrass was measured showing on average of 14 inches, the growth being at the rate of an inch a day since the commencement of the rams. The growth of the prairie grass is even more astounding, quantities of it having ttained a height of two feet.' Me. Goode's Casr— Either ths Gtjverumoat have been seized with a fit of generosity, or the action of the police-troopers during tha riot was not so unimpeachable at law as they pretended to consider it. We hear that Mr. Goode, who entered a prosecution against Inspector Searcy for wounding him on the head, has beea paid £30 to withdraw it. This will be pleasant news for the other recipients of broken heads on the same memorable occasion. Heller's Entertainment. — Mr. Heller has been drawing upon our adjectives to such an extent that our vocabulary is almost exhausted. Every night he appears he excites fresh wonder, and every succeeding programme extends his popularity and increased hia reputation. Even to Londoners who have seen the best conjurers he is a marvel ; his tricks are performed so easily and yet so deftly, that he baftlo1? all attempts to discover them. And then, added to hia own skill, he has the advantage of a mo3t talented coadjutor in the person of his sinter, Miss Haydee Heller, who with her brother helps to make ' confusion worse confounded,' eo far as ony efforts to fathom their mysteries are concerned. It is a question with some whether Mr. Heller calls his mystic art to his aid when he is playing the pianoforte ; for hi3 performances arc far enough removed from those of ordinary mortals. On Monday sight another programme was provided for tho delec tation of a numerous audience, and it was a great treat, and as much enjoyed as any previous entertainment. It would be tedious to describe the new illustrations Mr. Heller gave of his magic power, or to record the jokes and puns— pre-eminently Hclbristic — that he gave utter ance to. The former should bo seen aid the latter heard to bo appreciated at their true worth. Mr. Heller's selections on tho pianoforte confirmed previous impressions as to his musical genius and his marvellous powers as a pianist. His instrumental performances on Monday were of the most exquisite description, and were greatly relished and deservedly applauded. Miss Heller, too, should not be overlooked in the general commendation, for she lent valuable aid in not the least charming part of the entertain ment. Thb Land Search.— Writing to us from Kingston, a correspondent reports on April 30— that— 'People continue moving along, in reduced numbers however, and mostly for tha Narracoorte country. The new area, at List declared, is not before it wa3 wanted. Let this interior be thoroughly opened Tip and there will be no more people crossing the Border.' The Narracoorte representative of the Standard also writes: — ' The exodus still continues, though greatly abated when compared with that of a few weeks ago. There are several parties with their teams and families in the neighbourhood in search of land. I am informed that several who went into Victoria for land have returned and taken up sections in the area; and about a dozen more are camped a short distance from here, who have failed to get land in the sister colony. Some are talking of going back to Adelaide, but what to do I don't know. [Per haps to swell the numbers of those who from ture to time besiege the Government Offices. 1 Thus it is plain to be seen that there is a demand for land which the Government do not satisfac torily supply. Considerable dissatisfation pre vails among the land soekera at the very excessive valuations put upon tho improvements that aro on some of the sections. It is said by those competent to judge that seme of the improve ments are estimated at 50 per cent, above their real value, and others in proportion; and from what I have ssen I believe their statements are not very far from the truth. I know that this prevents many of tho sections from being taken up, and it is to be hoped this will be rectified in future areas.' « Rabbit SHOOTixr,.— A sporting ,'party lately destroyed near BaUarat, between 2 and 4 p.m., 250 couples, and on renewing their onslaught next day «hot, it was computed, in all 1,509. On tho subject of rabbit battues, the Ballarat Star writes— 'Persons who have not a3tually seen the way in which the rabbits are swarming in portions of the Western District would scarcely believe that they'are 60 numerous. In somo in stances they can be driven like kangaroo3 in large numbers up against walls and ditches, and killed in hundreds. The settlers and squatters are, it seems glad to see any persons coming to shoot, and there is plenty of ammunition to be had, and abundant hospitality.' After the Flogging.— Bamford, the vene rable hangman, after flogging three prisoners at Melbourne Gaol lately, got drunk as usual, it is presumed on his fees^ and having been picked up in the streets drunk was next morning sent to prison for a month. Sharking. — A six-feet long shark was helped over the bar at the mouth of Bream Creek, near Geelong, by the flood watera and the high tide. Here the fresh water so stupified him, it is said, that he was readily caught and dis patched. [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] OvEitLAND Telegram.— We learn that Mr. John Davis, an old companion of Mr. McKinlay in his overland journeys, is associated with him in the proposal to survey the line of telegraph from Port Darwin. Church of ouu Lady of Dolors, Mitcxvm. —This place of worship was opened on Sunday, May 1, by the Vicar-General, the Very Rev. John Smyth, assisted by the Rev. Father Wood?. There was a largo congregation, and the Vicar General preached an eloquent and impressive discourse founded upon the narrative of the dedication of Solomon's Temple. Special reference was made to the services of the day, and the liberality of the audience having been appealed to, collections were made and realized about £30. The building co3t about £400, and is regarded as a very neat specimen of ecclesias tical architecture. Campbell's Waxworks.— Throughout Satur day, announced as tho last day on which theso excellent Waxworks would be exhibited, thero was a very good attendance. Mr. Campbell is going to take his exhibition to Ballarat, but will return to Adelaide after somo time. Heavy Hailstorm.— The Border Watch describes a terrific hailstorm which passed over part of the Mount Gambier district in an easterly direction on Thursday afternoon. Its full f ury seems to have been experienced about a mile to the north of New Tarpoena, where tho ground was literally covered with blocks of ico, varying in size from one to two inches in diameter. Mr. Crouch, who furnished parti culars, says he was travelling towards Mount Gambier, and was some miles north of Tarpeena, when he observed the approach of the storm. For a few minutes he and his companion ex perienced a tremendous rush of air, and there was a slight sprinkling of hail, otherwise, however, the storm completely missed them. On getting within about a mile of Tarpeena, they found the evidences of the storm as we have stated. They got out of the buggy and had a look among the stones, bnt found none less than an inch in diameter, while they varied up to two inches. On getting to Tarpeena there was no vestiges of the storm, but the landlord stated that they hod had it there also pretty sharp. Mr. Crouch says the storm had a remarkable effect on the stock. The horses and cattle they saw were completely cowed and trembling, while the sheep, which wore as wild 03 kangaroos when they passed up in the morning, were com pletely stupified and did cot care to get out of the way. Prime Mutton*.— The other day there wore shown at Messrs. Marrabel's premises, Mount Gambier, some splendid carcases of Lincoln sheep from Dr. Browne's Jloorak Estate. When dressed one weighed 130 Ib3., and another 139 lbs. . Hexagon Bouses.— Mrs. Irwin, a sister to Mrs. Stonewall Jackson, has secured a patent for an improvement in the construction of houses, which, it is claimed, will create a new era in architecture. Mrs. Irwin proposes six walled or hexagonal apartments, which are not only much handsomer, but really cheaper than the quadrangular form. A wall of 80 feet built m the hexagonal form incloses a third more space than the same length of wall built in the square form, and as these hexagonal room3 fit into each other without loss of space, the gain in the whole building is very groat. The patentee also claims that this mode of building gives a greater degree of strength than any other, and in the hands of a good architect ii capable of assuming greater artistic beauty than the square or quadrangular form. Tha octagonal building attracted a good deal of attention some years ago, but the hexagonal 13 claimed to be some thing entirely new. THE RISE OF AMERICAN IMMI GRATION. [From the Evening Journal.] Half a century ago the annual immigra tion into tho United States did nob equal the average of Port Adelaide during the past ten years. To-day it would double the entire population of South Australia. In this interval the influx of foreign labour from Europe has increased quite a hundred, fold —? from about three thousand per annum to fully three hundred thousand. The moBt gigantic movement of population which was ever organized, or rather which ever organized itself, is the growth of a short half century. It commenced at tho close of the Napoleonic wars, aud tho peact of Vienna, which was to re-esUbliBh Europe, proved much more truly the establishment of America. An American writer has lauded Napoleon as the destroyer of feudalism, but he refers only to feudal politics. From this resulted indirectly a moro important destruc. tion— that of feudal society. Tho broad highway of the Atlantic invited the subjects of German princelets to go forth where they might frame Constitutions for them* selves. It opened to the Irinii peasant a country where there weru neither middlemen nor landlords. It showed the English Radical a goal of primitive freedom where the edicta of Lord Sidinouth could not reach him. The political upheaval which succeeded tho French Revolution weakened all feelings of nationality, it snapped the ties of alle giance, it overcame all local associations by the introduction of higher influenced. Then America began to thrive at the expense of Europe. It became to the oppressed and the poverty stricken of the present century what it had been to the naval chivalry of Spain and England three hundred years earlier. But it was not the first systematic immi gration which commenced in 1815. There was an older kind, tho proper name of which, would be transportation. This wan modelled on the convict system of the day, and, in fact, worked as a sequel to it. In the days of tbe Georges Entjlish crime was disposed of by converting it into semi-slave labour across the Atlantic. Criminals were ex ported in shiploads to Charlestown and New York, where the official consignees offered them for sale to tho highest biddur. Emi grants were also exported in shiploads, and sold by auction at their port of destination. This differed generally, but not always, from transportation in being voluntary. Poverty was a nuasi-crime in thoso -kys, and the law empoweied a parish to banish its paupers beyond the seas when it found *that their passage-money would cost less than their maintenance. There was a rude at tempt made at that early date to introduce the self-supporting principle. Emigrants had to give bonds for their passage-money, which conveyed to the holders a right to so many years' labour from them. They bound themselves to vassalage, and tho suzerainty of such vassals was an enor mously profitable investment. It was remunerative to the shipowners, who charged exorbitant rates— never Ies3 than £10 for the Morst berth in the filthiest steerage. It was remunerative to the speculator, who doubled the actual cost of the passage to cover risks. Emigrants, whether Bent out as paupers or going voluntary, would land in New York with a liability of from twenty to thirty- five pounds resting upon them. The standard of repayment was three years' labour for an adult, while youths of from ten to fifteen might have to serve till they came of age. If one or two out of a family died on the passage tho survivors had to perform additional service for them. The sub jects of this brutal system were gradually brutalized into self-defence against it. The heaviest oppression ultimately fell upon the weakest, and that by consent of those who should have been their protectors. Parents often allowed their children to be assigned for extra terms, in order to gain exemption for themselves. Very young children were unconditionally surrendered to their masters, who had only to feed and clothe them. A stern discipline was exercised on these modern Helots, tho penalties for insubordination or default being extended service. A runaway might be compelled to add six months to his term for every month he absented himself. The maBters had possessed themselves of every facility for enforcing the extravagant powers which the law conferred upon them. The interest they purchased in an immigrant was at any time transferable, so that not only was the personal liberty of the immigrant violated, but he was deprived of the com* monest right of domicile In this respect he was worse off than the adtcriptce gldw of feudal Europe. And tho option of buying himself off on payment of five or six pounds for each year of unexpired sorvice, would be practically a very slight counterbalance to the arbitrary power which was held over him. The adscription system survived the Imperial Government which had fonnded it. It was not extinguished by the celebrated assertion of freedom in the Republican Constitution. Bat it was too absurd an. anomaly to live long beside the personal 