TUNISIA, DENMARK, AND NORTH SCHLESWIG. I ? Tjiovi a letter addressed to the editor of the Daily Nun, we copy the subjoined paragraphs. "I was very glad to learn, from an article which appealed in your columns on Saturday last, that there is some chance arising from the feelings and action of the Germans themselves, of a prompt and generous settlement as between Prussia and Denmark, of the North Schleswig question I have my seat heat 1 norn Prussian lips the expression, 'I never could understand why BiMuaik would not give North Schleswig back to Denmark It is well known that the feelings which this remark implies are shared by some who occupy high social positions in Germany r One circumstance especially distinguished, the, outbreak of the present war the news of the two Governments which were about to enter on the di call at struggle to enlist, each on its own side, the public opinion of Europe. On flic success attending their respective efforts it might be pi cm nature to pronounce a decision. I here exist, however, two instances of wrong done to independent nations by the respective combatants, as to which it may reasonably be hoped, that when the terms of peace are under discussion, The voice of European public opinion may make itself heard and speak with some authority Peace, as far as possible, should close will open spies, and remove from. 1 mope the germs of future discord Iht instances to which I refer are those of Home in 1 North Schleswig "'The 1 French occupation of Home was a great wrong done to Italy, to which, however, I lance had i lends ed signal services It was illogical, antill a) lance with the lofty promise which proclaimed Italy here from the Alps to the Adriatic. 'The surrender made recently of Rome to Italy, on the basis of the September Convention, is a slender lettered with unwise conditions Of these conditions let us hope that the public opinion of Europe will require the unequivocal w withdraw all the continued occupation of North Schleswig, which is Danish, by Prussia, not as resulting horn a compliance with, but in defiance of, the provisions the fifth Article of the Treaty of Pi ague in 1886, is not only a wrong done to Denmark, but it does violence to that European public opinion which Prussia, at the commencement of the present war, appeared, like 1 lance, so anxious to conciliate. And not merely is the continued occupation i along, but it is a wrong of which the treatment and persecution of the Danish inhabitants by Russia has largely mo eased the magnitude and intensity Prussia under took by the heat articles the Treaty of Prague to allow the inhabitants of North Schleswig to vote is only as to their future destiny, whether they would belong to Denmark or to Germany. By the 18th article of the Treaty of Peace, concluded it Vienna In 1824, it was stipulated that the inhabitants of Schleswig, who should remain in the service of the King of Denmark, should not be molested for so doing, either in persono pi op by Article 10 stipulates that the subjects domiciled on the ceded territory should, up to 1870, have ample schemes for exporting then admitted duty free, and tor withdrawing with their families into the territory of the King of Denmark, without being liable, by reason of then so doing, to molestation in property of poison. " I hope that the conclusion of the present war will witness the payment by Count Bismark on a debt of strict though tardy justice to Denmark I hope, too, that this may be done at the instance of Germans themselves, who are not found w inning as individuals in a sense of justice or a genuine kindness both of he are and sentiment " I here can be no reason why the relations between Prussia and Denmark should not be friendly to the future It, as matter of fact, Germans have, by peaceful immigration, street seded in certain parts of Schleswig the eiTher Danish population and Germany, h mng take i possession of those parts by conquest, is now desirous of retaining them, that smell is no reason why, in defiance of recent treaty obligations, those parts of Schleswig in which the Danish element is all but unmixed, or at all events very largely preponderant, should be incorporated with Germany, although the inhabitants most earnestly desire, and have a treaty right, to return to their old allegiance. " Prussia is strong enough to be just in the case of North Schleswig, without (tea or consequences She is victorious, and she is rich enough to be generous She might now find in North Schleswig and Geimanj-pohaps maj and elsewhere a fit opportunity for giving to the world in example of those qualities of Federation but magnanimity which form the brightest jewels in the victor's town It is doubtful whether Europe has sufficiently con- sale ed the question-' What would her condition be in Germany, having become united, became aggressive <" impossible say some improb table, I hope-but when men say ' impossible,' 1 asks, 'Have you reflected on the late of Dominic" I venture to ask Germans themselves to reflect on it, find that too in then days of victories The heat which great successes leave untouched is cold indeed. Put such is not the he.utofGeimanj. 'J he conduct of Queen Augusta, who prevented the passage of French pi sent s through Berlin the limits of German women in hospitals and battle-fields give thrilling evidence to the contrary Prussia, moreover, is said lately to have assured the 1 Luxembourg Government that the 'treaty of London was protected by its very youth 'then surely the recent 'treaty of Pi ague is not less entitled to protection. Denman in, too, during the present war, and under very trying circumstances, has truly and strictly maintained her neutrality. This surely gives her a new claim to the fulfilment of the provisions of the Treaty of Prague as to North. Schleswig. " li. W. Freeland. "10, Suffolk-street, August 2-1." The leaves or the Pulse Dr. Oman/a describes a method of registering, photographically, the beats of the pulse. The apparatus essentially consists of a small inverted funnel, having a long narrow stem, and a caoutchouc base. This instrument is called Z with mercury to a certain distance up the stem, and its base is applied to the heart or an artery ; the oscillations of the mercurial column are then photographed by well-known processes, It is said that, with this apparatus, the apparently single stroke of the pulse is shown to consist of three, or cycle four, in succession. Advertising llAitniSTEns.-The professional status of barristers, says the Law Times, is being continually affected by the acts of barristers themselves. A. cardinal rule is that neither barristers nor attorneys shall advertise for business, and it is necessary to re- press such a practice in both branches persistently so long as the rule exists. We have before us now a I youthful offender, and we will merely quote his advertisement, and suggest that before again committing himself to such an act, he should consult a friend of experience. The following appeared in the Times on Wednesday : " To Equity Barristers young member of the Bar, who has been in good chambers, would be glad to devil for a man in good practice, during the long vocational-, Imperial Club, Chancery-lane." 