TUESDAY, FEBRUARY, 1870. What hope is left for the old hats 1 Whither shall they turn for consolation or for succour in the season of their reverses and in the hour of their aillic tion 1 They courted an encounter, they chose the most favourable battle-field, and they selected a champion who combined with the negative qualities of the old hat the recommendations of great local influence and undisputed personal respectability. Him they opposed to the least popular member of the Administration, whom they assailed with rancorous abuse and unmeasured obloquy and to add to the disadvantages under which the Ministerial candidate laboured, the members of the old Constitutional party in Geelong seem to have stood aloof from the contest, leaving it to be fought out by the two sections of the Liberal party-the Independents and the Loyalists, as they are pleased to call themselves. For the latter, the election for Geelong West, terminating as it did in the return of Mr. GRAHAM BERRY by a majority of 86 over his opponent, was more than an ignominious defeat it was a total rout. All the eloquence of Mr. CUNNINGHAM, all the influence of Mr. M'CULLOCH, all the resources of the Loyal Liberal organisation, all the indignation of Mr. G. P. SMITH, and all the vials of wrath emptied upon Mr. BERRY'S head by old associates and former panegyrists failed to secure the defeat of Mr. MACPHERSON Treasurer, or to avert the discomfiture of Mr. RUTHERFORD. Survey the event of yesterday in what aspect we will, it is impossible to regard it otherwise than as a heavy blow dealt to the present Opposi- tion, and a great triumph gained for the Macpherson Ministry. In other parts of the country where political demonstrations have taken place on behalf of the present Administration, it has been sought to depreciate their value and to lesson their significance by representing them as prompted or promoted by that section of the community which has been conspicuous for its advocacy of liberal government on constitutional principles. Butthemoststupid or the most reckless of Loyal Liberals will not have the effrontery to attribute Mr. GRAHAM BERRY'S return to any such extraneous assistance, since he owes his re- election almost exclusively to the independent Liberals. It was a fair trial of strength between the be- lievers in old-hatism and those who re- pudiate and renounce that degrading and disreputable form of political faith. The election for Geelong West is the beginning of the end. It foreshadows the result of that appeal to the country which cannot be very far distant; and it will no doubt inspire Mr. MACPHER- SON and his colleagues with additional courage to confront the factious opposition with which they are threatened in the Assembly, and to pro- pound a progressive and popular policy, in confident reliance upon its meeting with the endorsement of the people, whenever the Assembly is remitted to its constituents. If M'Cullochism, pure and simple, is not actually defunct, its restoration to political vigour and vitality is past praying for and all that can be predicated of its decease is that, as it has lived without honour, so it will die without dignity,, and be entombed without regret. Earl GRANVILLE'S voice is awakening echoes in the various colonies which are calculated to startle his serenity and to arouse him to a sense of the gravity of the situation. His policy of fortuitous dismemberment, he will find, meets with no sympathy in any part of the empire. Nor does this general aversion to the dis ruptiveprocess spring from anytimidand unmanly sense of dependence upon the mother country, or from any weak misgivings on the part of the principal colonies as to their capacity for self-defence, it is rather the expression of a national sentiment more English and more Imperial in its character than that which unhappily prevails in Downing-street, and finds utterance through the mouth of Earl GRANVILLE. It would seem as if, while our fellow-countrymen at home are tacitly acquiescing in the voluntary abdication by Great Britain of her proud place in the foremost rank of nations, her offspring at the antipodes, " mewing " their mighty youth, are becoming the jealous guardians of her national greatness, and the sensitive asserted of her imperial power. We are far from assuming that the patriotism of the mother country is falling into a state of decrepitude, and that the British people will suffer the traditions of generations of illustrious statesmen to be summarily discarded in favour of a policy which is feeble, irresolute, un- dignified, and ignoble ; but it is a somewhat remarkable circumstance that the warmest advocates for maintaining the integrity of the empire, are to be found in the young and vigorous communities which England has planted in every sea, and which would, in all probability, be called upon to make the heaviest sacrifices, in the event of that integrity being assailed by foreign enemies. In the Parliament of New South Wales, the Legislative Council has declared its earnest conviction that " nothing would be more distasteful to " the colonists than any premature al " teration of the relations hitherto sub " sisting between that colony and the " mother country ;" while in the Assembly, the address agreed to, in reply to the Governor's speech, want no further than to assert the necessity of developing " a more effective spirit of self " reliance," since this had been forced upon the colony by a disposition on the part of HER MAJESTY'S Ministers in England to relax the ties which bound the colonies to the mother country. Enough transpired during the debate in the Lower House to prove that, in fearlessly accepting the responsibility of the situation, it viewed with the utmost repugnance the policy of dismemberment. The mover of the address spoke out strongly on the subject, deprecating the dissolution of the empire, and anticipating the arrival of a time when a brood of young giants, sprung from the loins of the mother country, would leap to her assistance in the hour of peril, and would encircle her with an impenetrable rampart of devoted and determined champions and defenders. Another speaker, who had been the Attorney-General and Premier of a former Administration, was confident that if the, colonies were polled, a large majority would condemn the Imperial policy ; while he experienced the same difficulty which so many other observers of current events must have done, in comprehending the consistency of Mr. JOHN BRIGHT in regarding as sacrilegious the attempted disruption of the United States, and at the same time promoting and encouraging the dismemberment of the British empire. Earl' GRANVILLE'S policy is the more inexplicable because it runs counter to all the tendencies of the age. These are towards the unification of countries peopled by the same races, but hitherto living under different rulers and different forms of government. In all parts of Europe, small states are being agglome- rated into large ones, and the process of absorption or annexation is by no means completed. In the Italian Peninsula, Austrian Lombardy, the Duchies of Tuscany, Parma and Modena, the kingdom of the two Sicilies, a portion of the Pontifical States, and the kingdom, of Sardinia, have merged into one great nation. Half Germany has been absorbed by Prussia. a Pan- Slavonic con- federation is one of the dreams of some millions of people in the east and south-east of Europe, and the junction of Spain and Portugal has been aimed at by some of the leading politicians of the former country. If we turn to the United States, we find the enlargement of its boundaries and the extension of its dominion the cherished object of its statesmen, its press, and its people. It has purchased the sterile and forbidding regions on the Pacific coast, which formerly belonged to Russia; it has been negotiating with the Danish Government for the purchase of St. Thomas, in the West Indies ; it is preparing to occupy San Domingo ; it is anxiously awaiting the hour when the inhabitants of Mexico will seek a refuge from intestine con- vulsions in the bosom of the Union ; it is casting longing eyes upon the island of Cuba and it implicitly believes that the time will come when the Dominion of Canada will cast in its lot with the republic next door. Nor, as Mr. COWPER hinted in the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, is it at all certain that the colonies which England may injudiciously cast off will abstain from seeking for an alliance or union with another power and with another country, peopled by a kindred race. When Sir JOHN MACDONALD, one of the most conspicuous statesmen in the new dominion, was recently asked whether, in the event of the dismemberment of the British Empire, Canada would set up as an independent state, he is said to have replied distinctly in the negative ; adding that annexation to the United States would be the preferable alternative. It is just possible, therefore, that England's loss may be the gain of another nation which certainly stands in no need of any such adventitious means of increasing her magnitude and power ; but which also evinces no indisposition to enlarge her boundaries and to assume the tutelage of islands and colonies situated in any part of the globe. British statesmanship never had so fine an opportunity as now presents itself of establishing the grandeur and might of the empire on a broad and indestructible basis; but if, instead of being to the height of the occasion, it suffers that empire to crumble to pieces, the reproach and shame of the proceeding will be as lasting as the effects of its blindness and folly. We recently referred to the audacity and the frequency of the outrages perpetrated by the "roughs" in this city, and recommended that the law should be rigorously administered, and that where its provisions appeared to be inadequate, either as regards the nature or the amount of the punishment which it awards for a certain class of offences, it should be promptly amended. The necessity for immediate and vigorous action in this particular is exhibited by our report of the proceedings at the City Police Court yesterday, when the following "minor" charges were investigated One woman, apprehended as a disorderly prostitute ; another for making disgusting overtures to persons on their way to church; one man charged with jostling people in the street, two men with assaulting a constable, three with using obscene language, five with creating a disturbance, and no less than 16 with insulting behaviour. Such is the crop of offences which sprang up between Saturday and Monday last, and we recommend the fact to the serious consideration both of those who make and of those who administer the laws, and who are therefore responsible for the peace and safety of society, both of which are im- perilled by the malpractices of these toughs and their paramours. The Geelong West Election was decided yesterday in favour of the hon. the Treasurer by a majority of 80, the numbers polled being -Berry, 501 ; Rutherford, 415 ; total, fllG, the numbers on the roll being 1,529. he contest was one of the most exciting which has ever taken place in Geelong. It was anticipated that Mr. Berry would have obtained a greater number of votes over his opponent, and the smallness of the majority is to be accounted for by the apathy of the Constitutional party, and the fact that the constituency has hitherto been staunch to the Loyal Liberals. The party who call themselves by the title of "Independent Liberals," and who claim for themselves freedom of thought and action in carrying out Liberal principles, have gained a victory over the Loyal Liberals, or the M'Cul- Í loch party. Every exertion was used by / both parties, and, so far as the candidates are concerned, without any of the personalities which had been indulged in elsewhere from interested motives. At the last election, when there were 300 more electors on the roll than on the present lists, Mr. Berry rolled COO and Mr. Johnstone 333. There were about 500 persons present when the returning officer declared the poll. Mr. Berry addressed the electors, thanking them from the bottom of his heart for the victory won that day. He regarded this victory as one over slander and misrepresentation. It was more especially a victory for the working classes. He assured those present that he should never forget the men of West Geelong, and would in future do his best to serve them. Mr. Rutherford also shortly addressed the electors, remarking that he had fought a good fight, and had not lost the faith. He only hoped the election would turn out as they wished. He hoped the time was not far off when he should again come before them. He had fought the battle of liberty for some 20 years, and was prepared to do so again at a future time. He concluded by thanking the electors for the votes accorded him. The principal business which engaged the attention of the Church Assembly yesterday was the consideration of the proposal of the Ven. Archdeacon Crawford to accept t no proposition of the bishop with respect to the appointment of a coadjutor bishop. An animated debate arose on the motion. Sir W. Stawell made an effective speech, in which he advocated the division of the diocese, and the constitution of a new see at Ballarat. Ultimately a motion was carried refreshing the bishop to take steps to erect two new bishopric. The Bishop undertook, on condition that the sum of £8,600 was raised in two years towards an endowment fund for the now see, to give an additional £500 himself, and he said he had no doubt the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge would give another £1,000. A considerable amount of routine business was transacted. Considerable interest was manifested in the proceedings of the half-yearly meeting of the proprietors of the Commercial Bank, which was told yesterday. The chair was occupied by SA OIL T<</3herrard. There were about 200 shaTehdrW-' present. The report briefly referred to wr. Draper's defalcations, and the steps which the board proposed taking in re- spect thereto. The bad and doubtful debts were estimated at £11,000, and Draper's frauds at £16,500. It was proposed to write off 10s- per share, reducing each from £5 to £4 10s. The chairman, in moving the adoption of the report, narrated at some length the circumstances under which Draper had been employed by the bank. He had been manager of a bank in New Zealand at the time he applied for the appointment of accountant at their bank, and it was given to him on the strength of his testimonials, from his well-known ability, and the fact that, with the exception of only one person, he alone was considered competent amongst the applicants to fill the situation. The chairman of the day had waited on Sir. Frank Smith of the Bank of Australasia, which Draperhadbeon connected with, but from which he had been dismissed owing to the loss of a sum of £300 (what had been placed under his control. From the interview with Mr. Smith the chairman was led to believe that no blame could be attached to Mr. Draper in the transaction, and he, therefore, received the appointment. Mr. Sherrard, however, spoke hopefully of the business of the bank, and believed that it only required the support and confidence of the shareholders and the public to make it a success. At the conclusion of the address the chairman was interrogated by the shareholders, The report and statement of accounts were adopted. Mr. Moubray and Mr. Peter Davis were elected directors in lieu of the gentlemen who retired, and Mr. Tuckett and Mr. Sprigg auditors, after which a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, the directors, the manager, and officers of the bank. At a meeting of the trustees of the Public Library, Museums, and National Gallery of Victoria, held in the Executive Council chamber on the 7th February present The Hon. J. A. Macpherson, M.L.A. (in the chair), His? Honour Sir Redmond Barry, the Eton Sir James Palmer, M.L.C., the Hon. John O'Shanassy, M.L.C., the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, M.L.C., the Hon. James M'Cul- loch, M.L.A., the Hon. C. Gavan Duffy Mr. L.A., the Hon. J. G. Francis, M.L.A., the Rev. J. J. Bleasdale, D.D., Mr. D. C. M'Arthur, Mr. John Badcock, Mr. C. E. Bright and Mr. E. L. Montefiore it was moved by the Hon. C G. Duffy, seconded by the Hon. James M'Culloch, and carried-That a committee, consisting of seven members, be appointed for the purpose of of framing rules and regulations for the purposes specified in the 0th section of-the Act No. CCCLVTI., three members to form a quorum." 2. Moved by Mr. John Badcock, seconded by Mr. E. L. Montefiore, "That the following gentlemen form the committee, viz. His Honour Sir Redmond Barry ; the Hon. John O'Shanassy, M.L.C. ; the Hon. C. Gavan Duffy, M.L.A.; the Rev. J. J. Bleasdale ; the Hon. Jos. M'Cal loch, M.L.A. ; the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, M.L.C. ; the Hon. T. H. Fellows, M.L.A.'' Carried, The meeting then adjourned sine die. It appears from a report received at the Crown Lands Office from the district sur- Veyor at Camperdown that up to the 4th ins!, about 1,500 applications under Part 2 of the Land Act 1869, had been received by the contract surveyor for that district. The inquiries for plans and information have been urgent and numerous, but the local officer states he has been able to satisfy the eager inquirers who have from day to day crowded his office. All the best available lands in every direction of the district are pegged out, and no little difficulty will be experienced in ascertaining the particular blocks intended to be applied for by the respective markers-out, and in de- ter mining the priority of application. In some cases from 12 to 20 pegs stand close together ! The land at the Yallock Swamp is a thicket of pegs, and all the carpenters in the country have been employed in making them. People have been out all night with lanterns pegging out land. The district surveyor at Hamilton reports that 160 applications have been received there, at Casterton 100, and at Belfast seven. In our advertising columns appears an announcement inviting tenders for the first 60 miles of the North-Eastern Railway. The tenders are to be sent in by Thursday, 24th March, and full particulars relative to the works required may be obtained on and after Monday, 14th inst. A telegram was received yesterday by the directors of the Australian diamond mines from the manager at Mudgee, to the effect that the yield was 85 diamonds for the last six days, and 6oz. 13dwt. of gold for 10 days' Tvoik. The yield of diamonds has of late been so satisfactory that the directors have given instructions to set up two large machines of Hunt's that are on the Ground. A deputation from the Blind Asylum and School, consisting of the Hon George Harker, the Rev. G. Mackie, Dr. Farrago, and Mr. Weir, the secretary, waited upon the Chief Secretary yesterday with an application for an additional grant for building purposes. Mr. Harker explained that the present building was unfinished, and there were no suitable places to answer the purposes of a stitches, laundry, workshops for the children, are. To carry out the uncompleted part of the plans about £1,600 was wanted, and £400 for furniture. From the want of kitchen accommodation, etc, rooms intended for other purposes had to be used, and the capabilities of the institution were much cramped. Although the children were being taught basket realising, etc, there was no workshop for them. Dr, Farrage mentioned, as a cogent reason in support of the application, that from the want of the extra buildings a proper division of the sexes could not be effected. Mr. Macpherson regretted that want of accommodation was complained of at all the charitable schools for children, and the Government really did not know what to do. The institution at Prince's-bridge would not accommodate its inmates much longer. At Sunbury there was no accommodation for the teachers. In short, Mr. Duncan, the inspector of industrial and reformatory schools, in his estimates, showed that £20,000 or £30.000 would be required. It would be most inconvenient if such an institution as the Blind Asylum languished in from want of sufficient funds, and he would be asked to put on the Estimates whatever sum the Government could see its way to grant- ing. The deputation, in undertaking to supply a detailed statement, mentioned that the asylum contained 62 inmates just now; "and when the building was completed, according to the original plans, it would hold about 30 more. At the meeting of the St. Kilda Council last night, an opinion was received from Mr Fellows stating that no provision had been made in the new Municipal Act for the retirement of members elected to fill extraordinary vacancies. This omission will no doubt cause a good deal of confusion until a small bill has been introduced to remedy the defect. No less than 150 persons attended yesterday at the opening of the gates at the Immigra- tion Depot, for the purpose of hiring 35 single women lately arrived by the Lady Jocelyn, and fully 30 persons arrived after the office for the issue of tickets of admission was closed. The hiring room presented a very curious spectacle, the girls sitting down on chairs, while round the more promising looking specimens there would be at least a dozen eager employers, All the girls were very soon engaged, many of the employers leaving the place after looking in at the door of the hiring room. On Saturday the steamer Resolute took a party of 30 of the recent selectors of land at Nepean down the bay to Sorrento, for the purpose of determining on the most suitable site for a jetty. They were accompanied by professional men, who made a careful survey, which resulted in the selection of a landing place opposite the new township, where there are four fathoms of water within 400ft. of the shore, and good shelter for vessels. The disadvantages of borrowing money under certain circumstances were strikingly exemplified by the evidence taken in the Insolvent Court yesterday in the estate of Mr. Geo. Nichols, who until very recently carried on business as a bookseller and stationer, at the corner of Bourke and Elizabeth streets. It transpired that the insolvent had numerous transactions, during the last 14 months, with a firm of money-lenders named Moses, Solomons, and Marks. He commenced by borrowing small sums of money at interest, on the security of bills of lading, &c.; ; but he soon found it necessary to obtain larger advances and by the end of December of last year he was indebted to Moses and Co. to the extent of £000. Being still unable to meet the demands of his creditors he borrowed another sum of £350 from the same persons, giving as security this time a bill of sale over his stock-in-trade, together with his promissory note for the amount of the loan, payable on demand. Moses and his partners, hearing about this time that other creditors were commencing proceedings against the insolvent, informed Mr. Nichols that they should be obliged to sell him up. They wore as good as their word, and the stock, which was valued by the insolvent at £2,700, was sold on the 13th January for £1,100. Mr. Nichols had paid back £120 out of the last loan. So that there was actually due on the mu of sale only £230. The holders of the document, however, kept the whole of the proceeds, in order to satisfy their other claims ; but the official assignee and the creditors who have proved on the estate contend that Moses and his partners are only entitled to so much of the £1,100 as will liquidate the amount which was owing to them under the bill of sale, especially as the other advances were covered by separate securities. Steps will be taken to have the rights of the creditors definitely ascertained. We are requested to call attention to the following advertisement, which appears else- where :-" If the ladies and gentlemen who witnessed the brutal outrage by two constables on a man in Flinders-street, near the railway station, will communicate with Mr. Miller, solicitor, Little Collins-street east, they will further the ends of justice." Some alterations in the running of the trains of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company are notified in our advertising columns. On and after to- morrow, every train between Melbourne and Sandridge, and vice versa, will stop at the North Sandridge station and on the Windsor line the train leaving Melbourne for Brighton at 9 a.m. will stop at the Prahran station. The guests invited on board the Nelson on Wednesday next are informed that the cards of invitation will be seen on entering the train at Spencer-street Station, going on board the steamtug, and collected at the gangway of the Nelson, The members included in the card of invitation are requested to be together. This arrangement is made with the view of acquainting the guests when to show their cards, and thereby prevent unnecessary inconvenience. The notorious swindler known as "Baron Stcinachor,"from one of the many?-(3fcshe has assumed in the colony, will be brought before the City Court to-day, charged with representing himself to be a detective. The "Baron" by these representations succeeded in obtaining possession of several cheques, which he had previously forged. While pursuing this course he had had another iron in the fire in the shape of a " charitable dodge," by which he obtained various small sums for an art-union in aid of the orphanage at Emerald-hill, though there was in reality no such art-union. A pocket-book belonging to him was secured by Detective Lomax, and was found to contain lists of names, alpha- betical arranged, of residents in the various suburbs, no doubt for the purpose of helping him in his " charitable " peregrinations. At the ninth half-yearly meeting of the Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company, held yesterday, a dividend of 8s. per share was declared, payable on the 9th inst. Mr. G. M. Milne wishes to "draw the attention of the secretary of the Post- office to the fact that there are only two deliveries of letters in the course of the day in the large and increasing district comprised in Smith and Victoria Wards, whereas in Hotham there are three. The business requirements of the former district are surely equal in importance to the latter. Either," he observes, " we should have an increase in the deliveries, of the late hour at which letters are delivered in the afternoon-6 o'clock should be altered to say4 o'clock, to suit those engaged in business." There was but a short sitting of the Equity Court yesterday, the only case heard being the National Bank v. Clarke, in which the plaintiffs sought for a decree declaring them to be equit- able mortgagees of some land, the title deeds of which were deposited with them by a person named Clarke, now deceased, as they said as security for an overdraft, Clarke's representatives alleged that the deeds were only left with the bank for safe custody. A jury, however, found in favour of the bank. Yesterday the case came before the Court for a decree for an account of what was due by Clarke, and payment thereof. Judgment was reserved. In the District Court yesterday, before Mr. Panton, David Kirk, proprietor of an oyster stall in Elizabeth-street, was summoned at the instance of the Licensed Victuallers' Society for selling liquor without a licence. Mr. Wrixon conducted the prosecution, and placed two witnesses named Davidson and Woods in the box, who stated that they, on the 17th ult., purchased some porter from the defendant and paid for it. Mr. M. G. Byrne, who appeared on behalf of the defendant, stated that the informers, Davidson and Woods, were in the employ of a private inquiry office, and he showed that there were such discrepancies in their evidence as to justify the Bench in rejecting their testimony as unworthy of belief. Witnesses who were called stated that no porter or other spirituous liquor was kept on the premises, and that any drink wished for by customers was obtained at the nearest hotel. Mr. Panton considered that so long an interval had been allowed to elapse between the alleged offence and the prosecution, that the defendant had not been fairly treated ; the case had not been proved, and he therefore dismissed it, with £2 2s. costs. William Wilcox, proprietor of an oyster-saloon in Russell street, similarly charged, was fined £3, with 20s. costs, to be recovered by distress, as the Bench thought it was proved that the liquor had come from the defendant's premises. Mary Doorley, of Elizabeth street, was also summoned for a like offence ; but the case was dismissed, as the Bench did not think that the tactics of the informers Davidson and Woods were fair to the defendants, the former especially having induced the defendant to produce some brandy, by representing himself to be very ill, and thus exciting her I compassion. F. Grasyfort, restaurant keeper, I in Elizabeth-street, was fined £5, with 20s. I cost?, as it was shown that he had given away ' a glass of ale along with some soup, c, according to his usual custom, the Bench holding that he had thus rendered himself amenable to the law. The manner in which the offences were proved by these two informers would have justified the Bench in dismissing any of the cases, as it was shown by their own evidence to be the custom of Davidson and Woods to go to the saloons, ask for some liquor, giving the money in payment for it, and then, having obtained what they asked for, to summon the keeper of the place after a long interval during which any witnesses who might have been in the shop had been lost sight of. Then they would swear in court that the defendant had not had time between the asking for the liquor and its being brought to send to any place outside the establishment for it. At the District Court yesterday, Michael Brown was fined 10s., with 10s. costs, on a charge of removing tea-tree scrub from Crown lands without permission. The defendant pleaded that his boys had merely cut a handful of brambles," and that the inform, ing persons had an animus against him. F. S. Morris and Lawrence J. Spyor were yesterday summoned to the District Court, for offering for sale certain inferior brandy, bearing an imitation of the label indicating the brandy of MM. Jules Robin and Co., with intent to defraud. Mr. Liddle, attorney for the firm of Messrs. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co., agents for the firm of Robin and Co., appeared to prosecute, and stated that the brandy in question had been offered to different parties as that of Jules Robin and Co., at 12s. 6d. and 19s. a dozen, though the regular price of that firm's brandy was 25s. per dozen, but that the label was seen to be spurious, and the brandy also, when tasted, was discovered to be most deleterious stuff. The prosecution was brought under the 5th section of the Trade Marks Statute. A member of the firm of Black wood and Co. was placed in the box, and here duced two bottles, one containing the spurious and the other the genuine brandy, and each bearing a label, one of which he states was a iür¿cu!ü¡ieation almost exactly the same as the genuine Jules Robin label. Several witnesses were examined, who deposed to the false article being offered at a' lower than the market price for Robin's genuine, by the defendant Morris. The Bench stated that there was no evidence to show which was Jules Robin's trade mark, though it was proved that there were two trade marks of a similar nature, and the cases were therefore dismissed. Henry R. Harwood, lessee of the Theatre Royal, was yesterday summoned to the District Court by Henry Rose Morin Humphreys, for £9, being three weeks' salary for his services as an actor. Mr. Humphreys stated that he had been engaged for two months at first, at the rate of £3 a week, but the two months having expired, he was kept on at the same remuneration until the last night of the pantomime at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, viz., the 22nd ult. This was a Saturday, and he went back to the Theatre Royal on Monday to see if he was cast for any character at that theatre, as he still considered himself in the employ of Messrs. Harwood and Co., by whom he had been engaged. A notice was posted up at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, stating that the season would expire in a week, and Mr. Greville stage manager, pointed this out to him, but Mr. Humphreys only replied that he supposed he would have to " walk about next week,'' and afterwards went to the prompter at the Royal to know whether he would be wanted. After the first week had elapsed, he had applied for the money due for that period, but had not received it. Mr. Greville stated that he had pointed out the notice to Mr. Humphreys, telling him that it affected him, and his wife had subsequently told him that Humphreys had said that he had "got the sack." Mr. Harwood deposed that the complainant was engaged to play as the servant of the management at a weekly salary wherever his employers might desire, and not specially for the Royal, and therefore the notice spoken of by Mr. Greville was sufficient for him, being the usual week's notice. Mr. Pavey appeared for the defendant, and urged that the complainant had received a notice that his services would be no longer required, along with the others acting at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre. Mr. G. P. Smith, who appeared on behalf of the complainant, stated that fortunately his client did not depend on what he earned as an actor, but that the case had been brought into court to try the law. He contended on behalf of Mr. Humphreys that the notice referred to was only intended to apply to those who had been engaged for the pantomime season at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, whereas he had been engaged by the week at the Theatre Royal, and should have received a separate week's notice from the Royal management, Mr. Panton said that the Bench were divided in opinion, but the majority being for the complainant, a verdict would be given for the amount claimed, £9, with £1 1s. costs. Messrs. Panton, Call, Rawlings, and Hurst were on the bench. There were no less than 70 cases on the sheet for hearing at the City Court yesterday, the greater number being charges preferred against young men and boys of insulting behaviour a very comprehensive term while a large per centage consisted of charges of drunkenness. The man Wm, Burns, who was arrested, by Detective Mackay on a charge of burglary in Flinders-lane a few days ago, was sent to gaol for 12 months for being in a public place with intent to commit a felony. A man named John Hannah was remanded to Hotham, to appear at the local court on Thursday, on a charge of criminally assault- ing his daughter, a child under 10 years of age. Bird, one of the English pedestrians, had to answer at the Fitzroy Police Court yesterday, a charge which arose out of his having appeared on Croxton- park racecourse, on Saturday afternoon, in a somewhat scanty costume. He explained that he had often worn a similar dress as a runner in England, and had no notion that it would be improper for him to wear it here. The Bench dismissed the complaint with a re- commendation to the defendant to put on a little more clothing the next time he had to appear in public for training or racing purposes. A caution such as this may do good, for while the English pedestrian has, perhaps, offended on one solitary occasion, a number of other persons are in the habit of taking their evening exercise in Yarra-park, in a manner which must offend the delicacy of everybody who has to pass by their training ground. The hearing of the appeals at the General Sessions was continued yesterday. Two por- sons named Coleman and Mitchell appealed against a conviction of the Melbourne justices sentencing them to six months' hard labour for playing the three-card game in the Rich- mond paddock on the occasion of the pedestrian sports in January last. The Bench considered that the conviction of Coleman was right, but that of Mitchell was wrong, as he had not played with the cards, but only made bets with Coleman, who was supposed to be his confederate. An appeal from the Bruns- wick Bench-Brundell (appellant) v. Boyce (respondent) in which the appellant was fined £10 for rescuing sheep about to be impounded, resulted in the conviction being affirmed, with £3 3s. costs. Detective Hartney was recently removed from Geelong to Melbourne, and Detective Christie sent to take his place, but the latter officer has now been brought back to Melbourne, and the Geelongese are already complaining that they have been left without protection, and that they will soon be the special prey of Melbourne criminals glad of a new field. Though that district may be thought too unpromising a field of action for so [smart a detective as Christie, yet it must be considered bad policy to leave the locality altogether without the services of those members of the police, who, according to Mr, Panton, a solely entitled to do their duty in mufti. A meeting of journeyman coachbuilders was held last evening at Downie's Australia Felix Hotel, with the object of agitating for the extension of the eight hours system to the coachbuilding trade. About 80 persons attended. Through want of foresight on the part of the promoters of the meeting, and excess of modesty on the part of others, nearly an hour's time was lost before anybody could be persuaded into the chair. Eventually, however Mr. J Mullan undertook to preside. A -resolution was then moved by Mr. Eddy, affirming that the journeyman coachbuilders were entitled to share in the benefits of the eight hours system. Mr. M'Caree seconded the motion, which was unanimously carried, after very little discussion. A committee was next appointed to take immediate steps for accomplishing the object of the meeting, and drawing up a statement for consideration at a future meeting. The members of the committee were Messrs Holman, Pearl, Dalrymple, Blackmore, Luxmore, Arndale, Gal land, M'Mullan, Holman, M'Caree, Stieglitz, Burns, and O'Dea. The meeting adjourned until next Monday. A man named James Byrne was working at Dr. Tracy's yard yesterday afternoon when a large screen which had been used by the contractors, and had been placed against some building, was blown down upon him, causing a fracture of the left leg and slight bruises on the face. He was taken to the hospital. The entries for the athletic sports, to take place on the Melbourne Cricket- ground on Saturday, when the English Champion pedestrians take the field against the Australians for the second time, were received at the Port Phillip Club Hotel last evening. There were 60 entries in all, a number considerably in excess of the entries usually received for such meetings ! and as the list of competitors includes the best talent the colony can produce, a very interesting meeting may be anticipated, particularly as the English champions are known to have made a rapid advance in their training, though the recent hot weather has been very much against them. Hewitt has especially suffered on some of the more trying days, but all three have been working their best to attain their proper form, and Mr. Ledger does not doubt that they will be able to render a very satisfactory account of themselves on Saturday next. For the 440 yards Maiden Plate there are 18 entries ; the 440 yards Handicap Flat Race, 22 entries ; Two Mile Handicap Bicycle Race, 8 entries ; One Mile Handicap Flat Race, 14 entries ; Four Miles Handicap Walking Match, 12 entries ; One Mile Handicap Bicycle Steeplechase, 10 entries and the 300 yards Handicap Hurdle Race, 12 entries. Among the competitors are the names of Woodhouse, Lyall, Heathcote (of Ballarat), Higgins, Mahoney, Evans (of Malmsbury), Don (of Ballarat), Drake, Cahill, Crotty, Cronk (of Ballarat), Hocking, Cummings, Maude, Hodgkinson, Halpin, Webb, Ford, Fox (of Ballarat). The sale of booths for the ground takes place at 12 o'clock to-day, at Kirk's Bazaar. A meeting of the Regatta Committee was held last evening, at the Freemasons' Hotel. There were present-Messrs. Nichols (in the chair), Hood, Mason, Gomm, Moody, Moule, and Carmichael. It was agreed that the regatta should be held on Easter Saturday and Monday-the course to he on the Upper Yarra, and the programme the same as last year. The cup presented by Messrs. W. and S. Gardiner, won by the Richmond Club, who will hold it for a year, has arrived in the colony, and will shortly be on view at Messrs Walsh Brothers, in Collins-street. A large number of the ratepayers of Smith Ward attended at the University Hotel, last night, for the purpose of forming themselves into a committee to secure the return of Mr. C. J. Glynn, in opposition to Mr. Radcliffe, who advocates a roadway through the Carlton-gardens. The meeting expressed great indignation at the conduct of Alderman Story at the nomination that day, and deemed it advisable to present a requisition to the mayor, objecting to Alderman Story presiding over the election of a councillor for the ward to be held next Thursday. The requisition was promptly and numerously signed in the room upwards of 50 ratepayers being present-and is now in course of signature, with the intention of being presented to his worship the mayor this afternoon. The nominations for the extraordinary vacancies in the borough of Footscray closed yesterday, when the following gentlemen were duly nominated : W. H. Powell and E. Hopkins for the seat vacated by Councillor Powell ; Joseph - Leake, John Currie Johnston, David McIntosh, and W. H. Powell for the seat vacated by Councillor Hopkins. The polling will he held on Saturday, the 19th inst. The election is caused through Councillors Powell and Hopkins resigning to test the feeling of the ratepayers in the matter of borrowing money, Mr. Powell considering that to do so without laying a schedule of works before the ratepayers and getting their consent is not in accordance with the spirit of the act. Mr. Hopkins joins issue, and contests the seat with him. For the seat vacated by Councillor Hopkins there are three candidates exclusive of Mr. Powell's nomination, which was sent in for this seat also in order to make sure of meeting Mr. Hopkins in the event of his electing to stand for his own seat. Our Sandhurst correspondent writes : "The sensational charge against Robert Ogilvie Smith, J.P., and member of the Sandhurst Mining Board, was heard at Sandhurst Police Court on Monday, and resulted in a disappointing judgment. The Bench considered that Mr. Hartley's defence threw a doubt upon the girl's evidence, and they gave him the benefit of the doubt. The general feeling of those who heard the case was that it should have been sent to a jury." A full report of this strange case will be found in another column. The Avoca Mail, after noticing the numerous applications for land from selectors which appear in its advertising columns, goes on to observe :-" if nothing else were gained by the change from the M'Culloch Administration to that of Mr Macpherson, the simple fact that confidence is universally felt throughout the country in the Lands department under Mr. M'Kean, is subject for con- gratulation. Under the system now fortunately superseded no selector was safe in this district, not to mention others ; the covenants entered into between the Crown and lessees of lands were disgracefully broken through, while a system of favouritism, as un- just as injurious, was pursued. It is something to have altered such a state of things at all events, the country fully believes in the honesty and ability of the gentleman now at the head of the Lands department." The South Australian Advertiser of the 29th ult. calls attention to the fact that " sturdy labourers, small farmers, and even persons with sections of land, and with money in their pockets, are' leaving South Australia, either because they cannot earn a living at all, or because they are unable to realise that reasonable return for their labour and enterprise which they have a right to expect, and which, if they cannot find here, they will look for elsewhere. This is not confined to Adelaide ; indeed, it is more conspicuous in the country districts than in town. From all parts of the colony an exodus to Victoria is setting in. One great moving cause of this desire' to leave the colony is to be found in the more liberal land system of our neighbours. In Victoria land is cheaper than it is here ; and is more fertile than it is here and prices are better than they are here. With this threefold disadvantage we cannot hope to compete. We shall infallibly be beaten. Of course many will hold on and hold out ; but multitudes will succumb to their misfortunes, and our agriculturists will become a dwind- ling class. They will grow poorer and poorer, fewer and fewer, except in the case of some favoured exceptions." The attendance at Weston's Opera-house was only moderate last night, notwithstanding the excellent programme. The company, however, show no relaxation in their efforts to please. Mr. Simonsen's solos on the violin are alone worth a visit, particularly his "Recollections of Germany." The foundation-stone of the Victoria-parade Church is to be laid this afternoon at half-past 4 o'clock by the Hon. Geo. Harker. We understand that a meeting of Mr. Rad cliffe's friends was held last night, at the Artillery Hotel, and the necessary steps taken to secure his election. We understand that a complimentary entertainment is to be given to Mr. W.M. Akhurst, at Weston's Opera-house, on Thursday evening. The performances will be partly dramatic and partly musical, and some well known members of both professions have volunteered their services on the occasion, Mr. Akhurst sails for England on Monday next. On Saturday afternoon a handsome illuminated address, accompanied by a purse of sovereigns, was presented to Mr. Malcolm H. Smith, from the officers and warders of the Penal department, as a mark of esteem and respect on his retiring through ill-health from the office of superintendent of the Pentridge Penal establishment. List of subscriptions and donations since last notice for the Society for the Assistance of Persons of Education in Distressed Circumstances Edward Wilson, £1 ; the dean of Melbourne, £1 Is. ; Dr. Cutts, £1 Is. ; Dr. Blair, £1 Is. ; the bishop of Melbourne, £0 5s. ; R. M. Young, £5 : Sept. Martin, £1 ; Lloyd Tayler £5, Mr. J, E. Neild, £1 Is. J B. Waymouth, £2 2s. ; James Moore, £1 la. Mr Lesingor, £5 0s. Total, £29 17s. We have received from the publisher, in Sydney, the Economy of Railways, by F. S, Peppercorne, CE., to which we shall probably take an early opportunity of recurring. We have also to acknowledge the receipt from Mr. George Robertson of the Laws of Life and Death, the funeral sermon preached by the Rev. R. Hamilton on the late Rev. A. M. Ramsay. A series of running matches is to take place shortly between two well-known amateur runners, engaged in the shipping interest in Collins-street west. The distances are-100, 100, 440, 1,700 yards, for a trophy, The first two races will be run early next month, the others in a week after. Both young men are now in active training, and a keen contest is anticipated. The races are to decide the merits of the best runner, the scorer of the highest number of points to be the best man. To be run either on the East Melbourne or Richmond cricket ground, both starting at scratch. 