SUMM AU Y FOR ) EUROPE. INTKODUCTIOtf. The political news of the month pre- sents no very striking feature. A more than average amount of business has been transacted both in the Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly, and everything betoken the speedy ter- mination of the session. The Govern- ment, strong in the overwhelming ma- jority which they possess, have been able to push through the business with unusual rapidity, and the little oppo- sition with which their proposals have been met has been entirely futile, Every day appears more strongly than its pre- decessor to show the extent of the breach which exists between the Chief Secre- tary, Mr. M'Culloch, and those extreme members who were associated with him in his former Administration. Mr. Vale is in open opposition, and a few nights since applied such opprobious epithets to his former chief that the intervention of the Speaker became necessary. Mr. G. P. Smith is almost equally discontented ; and even between Mr. Higinbotham who in mental calibre is immeasurably superior to the two gentlemen just named-and Mr. M'Culloch, there has been more than one rather sharp en- counter. All this is matter for great congratulation with every liberal and intelligent man, for it rings the knell of the despotism of the mere trading politi- cian ; whilst at the same time it betokens the resolution of our leading men strictly to adhere to the Constitution, and to pre- serve the rights and liberties which by it are conferred upon every class of the community. In all probability, before the de- parture of another mail Parliament will have been prorogued, and Mi- nisters will be engaged in preparing their programme for the next session, which it is proposed to commence in October, when the Estimates for the first six months of 1871 will be submitted, with the view of altering the date of the beginning of the financial year, and avoiding the inconvenience which has hitherto attended its commencement on the 1st of January-when, as a rule, no Parliament is sitting, and no provision can be made for the payment of the liabilities of the state. For the future it is intended that the financial year shall commence on the 1st of July, so that the Estimates for the one year may be passed before the conclusion of its immediate predecessor. The chief business of the month has consisted in the consideration of the Estimates, which, with the exception of the votes for education and charitable institutions, have nearly all passed through committee. Some four days was spent in discussing the vote for immigra- tion- which amounts to £65,900-to- gether with the new regulations submitted by the Government. A small minority of the Legislative Assembly persistently opposed the introduction of immigrants at the expense of the state under any circumstances whatever ; but their selfish and shortsighted policy was defeated by a large majority, and the vote agreed to. The new regulations, however, are not so liberal as those framed by the Mac- pherson Administration. They differ in no material point from those which have been in force for some years past. - The only persons eligible under them for absolutely free passages are female do- mestic servants. All other assisted im- migrants must be nominated by their friends or relatives. Under these regu- lations, the expense of the passage to the colony for males under 15 years of age will be £2, under 40 £5, and over 40 £8; for females under 15 years of age £1, under 40 £2, and over 40 £5. All that the Legislature proposes to do by means of this assisted immigration is to reduce to the intending emigrant from Great Britain the cost of the pas- sage to Victoria to something like the expense of the voyage to Canada or the United States. It is considered that, with the superior attractions presented, this should be quite sufficient to secure to this colony a sufficient, constant, and steady stream of immigration. At the same time there is no doubt but that the colony could most advantageously ab- sorb a far greater number of immigrants than these regulations are calculated to bring here. Whilst thus explicitly stating a fact which it is impossible to disprove, it is only fair to state thatwithin the last ten days there have been in Melbourne two meetings of " the un- employed." No doubt, just at the present time an unusual depression exists. In the first place, this is always a dull time of the year ; and in the second, we have had a very wet season, which has materially impeded all public works and building operations. Con- sequently, the demand for labour has been much less than it would otherwise have been. But the heavy fall of rain which has been experienced has been of incalculable benefit to the country, and the working classes, quite as much as any others, will reap the advantage. Bread and meat will be very cheap and very plentiful, whilst labour will be in greater request than for some time past, for, apart from all other reasons, the first 50 miles of the North- Eastern Railway are just being commenced, and the next 60 miles is to be let in September. Could the unemployed at home have only glanced at the meetings of the unem- ployed here, no other incentive would have been necessary to have induced them if possible to seek a home in this colony. Instead of the gaunt, half-starved, withered, frames which haunt the great cities of Britain, the men attending tho meetings of the unemployed here were stalwart, well-fed, and well-clothed labourers and artisans, who certainly had been subjected to none of the privations which in the old country are connected with being " out of work." And the reason is obvious. If a labourer or an artisan in Victoria be only reasonably careful, he can easily save when employed quite sufficient to carry him comfortably over a period of tempo- rary depression. Another fact which may be commended to the consideration of the working classes of the mother country is, that labour is so scarce here that during the present year unskilled labourers have succeeded in forcing upon their employers the eight-hour system. On Thursday last a discussion took place in the Legislative Assembly on the proposed withdrawal of the troops from Australia. A few hon. members wished the Government to take steps to retain them here pending a further consideration of the question, but this the Government declined to do. It appears that the Government want only artillery, for which the colony is prepared to pay what the military authorities demand ; but the Imperial Government decline to furnish batteries of artillery unless a certain proportion of infantry is also taken. This ia how the matter at present stands, and in the meantime the organisation of a permanent local force is under con- sideration. Another bill for the abolition of state aid to religion has passed its second reading in the Legislativo Assembly. It is proposed to continue the grant in its entirety until the end of 1875, and it is hoped that the Legislative Council will accept this very liberal compromise. It is evidently satisfactory to the several churches, as not a single petition has been presented against it. SOCIAL. Arrangements have been made for holding an intercolonial conference in Melbourne, mainly for the purpose of considering the question of a Customs union for the Austra- lian colonies ; though several other subjects of importance, including postal and tele- graph charges, will no doubt be discussed. New South Wales sends two delegates, South Australia three, and Tasmania two. Victoria will probably be represented by the Chief Secretary and Treasurer. New Zealand de- clines to take part in the conference. The contract for the first four sections of the North-Eastern Eailway, amounting in all to 56miles, has been signed by the con- tractors. Active operations will shortly be com- menced, and already large quantities of stone are being prepared for the various culverts and bridges. It has been announced in the Legislative Assembly that tenders for the next 60 miles will be called for about the 1st of September next. The removal of the Imperial troops now stationed in Victoria and the other Austra- lian colonies will shortly take place. The Government of this colony, on being asked some time ago what troops it would be pre- pared to pay for, made it a condition of any future arrangement, that the soldiers here should be equally available in time of war as in time of peace. To this condi- tion the War Office was not prepared to assent. New South Wales was willing to take her usual quantum under the old system, South Australia only a company, and Tas- mania none ; but as the War Office refused to divide a regiment, the alternative has been taken of removing all the mon. A general order has therefore been issued, to the effect that the troops are to hold themselves in readiness during the next two or three months to sail for England, whither the Vic- torian head-quarters staff will of course go too. Besides Sir Trevor Chute, who has united himself to a pleasant extent with our com- munity, the colony will most feel the loss of Colonel Pitt, C.B., who has altogether spent 15 years here and in New Zealand. Some welcome alterations have been made in the charges for postal and telegraphic com- munication between certain of the Australian colonies. The first concession granted was the reduction of the postage on overland letters to and from Sydney and Melbourne to 2d. per half-ounce, instead of 6d., and it is now announced that the sea postage of letters from Sydney will on the 1st July be reduced to 3d. Already the lower rate has been adopted with regard to Now Zealand letters, and it is hoped that the deliberations of the conference about to be held in Mel- bourne will result in the general adoption by the colonies of the altered scale. The com- mencement of a similar reform in the matter of intercolonial telegraphic charges has been made. An arrangement has been come to for the reduction of the minimum rate for tele- grams between Adelaide and Melbourno from 6s. to 3s., and the rate between Sydney and Mel- bourne to 4s. Between Adelade and Sydney the charge is to be 6s., instead of the formel rate of 12s. The new schedules for Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney, will probably be brought into operation on the 1st July. The construction of an overland line of telegraph from Port Augusta to connect with the cable of the British and Australian Telegraph Company at Port Darwin, is to be commenced at once by the South Australian Government. By the last mail Captain Noel Osborn, the representative of the company, received a telegram giving him full power to conclude the negotiation which had been commenced with the view of carrying out the arrangement in question, and the matter has been definitely settled, a bill to authorise the work having passed the Legislature. The only condition imposed by the company, which the South Australian Government has accepted, is that the line must be open by the 1st December, 1871. Every effort is being made to push forward the work. Three parties aro to start forthwith to Mount Mar- garet to commence operations in forming the line 75 miles north of Central Mount Stuart, where they are to be met by a party working southward from Port Darwin. Direct steam communication between these colonies and San Francisco there seems every reason to hope will before long be established. The existing line of steamers from Sydney, via Honolulu, is better than no service at all, but it is hardly sufficient for the requirements of this colony. A proposition which has just been made to the Victorian Government by Mr. Collie, the agent of Mr. W. H. Webb, the shipowner of New York, is therefore very favourably regarded. Mr. Collie is authorised, it appears, to conclude all the necessary arrangements for the opening of a direct mail service between San Francisco and Australia. The steamers intended to be employed on the route are of 3,000 tons burthon, and as they are already built, the service can be com- menced at two months' notice. It is intended to make Melbourne the terminus of the lino in Australia, the steamers proceeding direct from here to San Francisco, calling only at Wellington and Honolulu to coal and receive mails. The passage from Melbourne to San Francisco will occupy 33 days, and the mails will be delivered in New York in 40 days, and in England in 49 days. The annual sub- sidy required for a monthly service each way is £150,000, of which Mr. Webb expects to ob- obtain £70,000 from the United States Govern- ment. From the Australasian colonies £80,000 per annum is required, of which £30,000 has already been promised by the New Zealand Government, leaving £50,000 to bo subscribed by the various colonies of Australia proper. In New Zealand the proposition has been very warmly received, and the Victorian Go- vernment, there is little doubt, will do all in their power to further it. The intimation received by the last mail that the English Post-office authorities had resolved to make 1oz. the' maximum weight of all single newspapers sent abroad to the colonies, has been received here with great dissatisfaction. English newspapers are almost a necessity to colonists, and any re- strictions on their passage through the post, will be as little relished at this side of the world as at the other. A despatch from the agent general of Victoria has been rocoivod, stating that he had addressed a communica- tion to the Secrotary,of State for the Colonies, calling attention to the hardships which tho new regulation would entail, and by the present mail a remonstrance on the subject from the Victorian Government will, in all probability, also reach Earl Granville. In obedience to instructions received from the Admiralty by last mail, H M.S. Blacheó has been despatched from Sydney with tho view of making a search of the Auckland Islands for the castaways who are supposed to have landed there from the missing vessel Matoaka. Sir J. F. Palmor, President of the Legis- lative Council, has been for some time, and is still unable, through illness, to attend to his duties in that Chamber. Appropriate festivities will be observed at the opening of the Melbourne new Town-hall, which, according to present arrangements, is to take place on the 9th August. The mem- bers of the City Council, being aware that the event mustneccssarily involve a large expendi- ture of money by the mayor, proposed to vote a sum of £2,000 to defray the cost, but Mr. Arness generously refused to allow the money to come out of the pockets of the ratepayers, and announced that it was his intention to pay all the expenses of the celebration out of his private purse. In recognition of his libe- rality, some of the leading citizens of Mel- bourne have subscribed together for the pur- chase of a gold chain for presentation to Mi. Arness. A respectable sum of money wa3 soon raised, and a design for the chain, which will be a very handsome ornament, has been adopted. According to the proposed pro- gramme, the hall will bo opened on Tues- day, the 9th August, with a grand con- cert, to be followed by a ball on Thurs- day, to each of which some 2,000 citizens, besides all the mayors both in this and the adjacent colonies, will bo invited ; and on the following Saturday, a similar concert to that of Tuesday will be given, to which the public generally will be admitted. The works at the Williamstown Graving Dock are still suspended, in consequence of the introduction of the eight-hour system upon Government works. The men decline to work for more than eight hours per day, and the contractors refuse to employ them unless they will work 10 hours, the recoguisod period of labour for unskilled workmen at the time the contract was taken up. It seems that no steps can be taken against the con- tractor save upon the report of the inspector general of public works, who is now absent from the colony. The contractor is aware of this, and takes no action. A bill, however, is to be introduced, conferring all the powers of the inspector-general upon the engineer-in chief (Mr. Higinbotham), when perhaps some satisfactory arrangement may be arrived at. The great Melbourne telescope has again been the subject of discussion before the Royal Society of Victoria, and it has also been reported upon by the board of visitors to the Melbourne Observatory. The leading conclusions arrived at by the board are, that the definition of a star by the telescope is "unsa- tisfactory," but that, as a piece of mechanism, the telescope is "superb. It is pointed out that the observation of stars is not the pur- pose for which the telescope was constructed. Its primary object is the examination of the nebula of the Southern Hemisphere, and when directed to this object the performance of the telescope appears to the board to be admirable. At the next meeting of the Royal Society the discussion on the subject is to be renewed. Mr. Le Sueur, it may be mentioned, has resigned his office as observer in con- nexion with the telescope, on grounds, how- ever, entirely unconnected with the efficiency or inefficiency of the instrument. An unpleasant admission was made in the Legislative Assembly the other day by the Minister of Mines, who confessed that our large waterworks havo been constructed in a careless manner. At the Stony Creek reser- voir there bas been a serious leak, which nearly 200 men havo been for some time engaged in rectifying, and which is now said to he stopped. The large dam at the Expe- dition Pass reservoir was also found to be faulty, but the defect has been remedied. A well-deserved reward has been presented in an appropriate manner. Some months ago, a boy named Joseph Blacker, late of the Nelson training ship, saved another boy, named Jellett, from drowning at the Sand- ridge pier. He has on former occasions saved two other lives in a similar manner, for which he received the medal of the Royal Humane Society. For his third act of gallantry he has been awarded the society's clasp, which was presented to him the other day by His Ex- cellency the Governor, in the Executive Council chamber, in the presence of Major General Sir Trevor Chute, K.C.B., and the members of the Ministry. His Excellency, in presenting the clasp and complimenting the boy on his gallantry, told him that if he chose he would be instructed in mechanical en- gineering at one of the Government work- shops. The proprietors of The Argus were the de- fendants in an action for libel at the recent civil sittings of the Supreme Court. The plaintiff, George Hewitt, is a butcher who was charged before the Emerald-hill Police Bench, in March last, with having indecently as- saulted a girl 14 years of ago, named Mary Egan. The Bench, having heard the evidence for the prosecution, instead of sending the case for trial, discharged the accused, ana told him that he left the court without a stain on his character. This conduct on the part of the magistrates was commented upon in a leading article in The Argus of 26th March, in which it was contended that a sufficient case had been made out against the defendant to render it the duty of the magistrates to send him for trial. These comments consti- tuted the libel complained of, but from the tenor of the proceedings, it seemed more than probable that the magistrates-if they were not the virtual plaintiffs-were at least tho instigators of the action. The jury found for the defendants. Little that is new has transpired with re- ference to the tragical affair which took place last month, in which Mr. Walshe, the ex detective, was shot while endeavouring to protect Mr. G. P. Smith from the pistol of Mr. G. H. Supple. The inquest, which had been commenced when the last mail left, has been concluded, the jury returning a verdict of wilful murder against the prisoner, who was committed for trial at the June sittings of the Melbourne Criminal Court. The case has been postponed, however, until the next - sessions, on the application of counsel for the defence, in order that a witness who is not at present available may be procured. The unhappy fate of Walshe has excited much sympathy on behalf of his wife and children, and contributions have come in from all quarters for their benefit. The money is in the hands of a committee appointed for the purpose at a public meeting, and it amounts already to about £800. Other subscriptions are expected, and as the Government have promised to supplement private contributions by placing a sum on the Estimates, the unfortunate man's family will at any rate be placed beyond the reach of want. Captain Foster Fyans, one of our oldest colonists, expired on the 23rd May, at his residence, Balyang, near Geelong. Captain Fyans, who arrived here soon after the foun- dation of Melbourne, was born in Ireland, on 5th September, 1790, and was consequently 80 years of age at the time of his decease. In 1810 he joined the second battalion of the 67th as an ensign, and was soon afterwards despatched with his regiment to the Penin- sula, where he saw a great deal of service. At the close of the war he accompanied his regiment to Gibraltar, whore he was stationed three years. He was then ordered to India, and was present at the seige of Assahgur, and took part in the Burmese war of 1825, under Sir Archibald Campbell. He subsequently acted as aide-de-camp to Sir Lionel Smith, the Governor of Mauritius, and on the conclusion of his employment in that island he was transferred to the 4th King's Own, which was then quartered at Sydney. Here he was appointed commandant at Norfolk Island, where he quelled a serious mutiny, for which he received the thanks of the Sydney Government ; and at the expira- tion of his service in the island he was nomi- nated commandant of the Moreton Bay penal settlement. He soon afterwards retired from the service, and settled in Victoria, and was appointed the first police magistrate of Gee- long, where he also acted as sheriff and com- missioner of Crown lands. Judge Rogers, of Ballarat, has been seriously indisposod, and although he is now somewhat better than he was, his Honour is advised by his medical attendants to take advantage of the year's leave of absence to which he is entitled, and pay a visit to the old country, He has accordingly applied for and obtained leave of absence on full pay \- for 12 months. Mr. Chomley, of the Crown Law depart- ment, has been appointed to the Crown pro secutorship,' which was rendered vacant by the appointment of Mr. Nolan as County County judge. Captain Audley Coote, the agent of some capitalists in London, has submitted to the Tasmanian Cabinet a proposal for the con- struction of a main line of railway in that colony. The terms were a Government gua- rantee of six per cent for 30 years on £850,000, or £650,000 according to the gauge adopted. After some consideration, the Tasmanian Government declined Captain Coote's proposi- tion. The amount of the guaranteed interest has since been modified to five and a half per cent, for 30 years. Another political crisis has taken place in South Australia. The new Parliament mot on the 27th May, and on the usual motion for a committeo to preparo an address in reply to the Governor's speech, the Hon. Mr. Baker proposed an amendment, substituting dif- ferent and antagonistic members in place of those named in the motion. Tho amendment was carried by an overwhelming majority, and the Government resigned. Captain Hart undertook the task of forming a new Ad- ministration, and succeeded in constructing the following Cabinet:-Mr. Milne, Chief Secretary ; Mr. Hart, Treasuror; Mr. Baker, Attorney-General ; Mr. Blyth, Commissioner of Crown Lands ; and Mr Carr, Commis- sioner of Public Works. _ With a few trilling variations, the new Ministry aro carrying out the measures of their predecessors as in- dicated in the Governor's speech, M. Lissignol, late secretary of the Acclima- tisation Society, who was about to sail by the last mail to Bombay;, whoro he had been ap- pointed as French vice-consul, was on the eve of his departure arrested on a charge of con- verting to his own use a cheque for £100 en- trusted to him for.payment into tho bank by Mr. Sumner, trustee and treasurer of the society. The matter, however, was settled, and Mr. Sturt, P.M., before whom the pri- soner was brought, cancelled the warrant. M. Lissignol immediately took cab to Sand- ridge, and gained the mail steamer just in time. Theaffair took place onaSunday, and Mr. Sturt has been consured for dealing with a prisoner on a day when no court could be held, and also for becoming a party to the settlement in such a manner of so serious a charge. Almost simultaneously with tho capturo of Power in Victoria, the notorious Now South Wales bushranger Ward, or " Thunderbolt, " as he has been named, met his death in tho adjoining colony, ne was encountered near Malla by two mounted police constables who had gone in pursuit of him, and several shots were exchanged. He then attompted to make his escape on horseback, but was closely followed by Constable Walker, who behaved throughout with great coolness and in- trepidity. Walker chased him, however, for nearly seven miles before bringing him to bay. Thunderbolt tried to make his escape bj; dismounting and crossing a piece of water, with the intention of subsequently regaining his horse and making good his retreat, but Walker came up and shot tho animal. The constable then summoned Thunderbolt to surrender, but he refused, saying, "I'll die first." Walker replied, "Then it is you or I for it," and fired, shooting the bushranger through the left breast. Thunderbolt, who had waded into the water to meet the con- stable, immediately fell, but rose again, and endeavoured to grapple with Walker. The latter, however, struck him down with the butt end of his pistol, and ended the combat. Walker has been promoted for his bravery, and is to receive the reward of £500 offered for Ward's apprehension. - Soveral, railway accidents, Jnono of them, fortunately, attended with very serious ro sults, have occurred during the month. One of them took place on tho Government Rail- ways at Footscray, on tho Queen's birthday, and was very nearly proving disastrous. It seems that while the 10 minutes post 9 a.ra. train from Williamstown to Melbourne was stopping at the Footscray station, and just as nearly ail the tickets had been collected, and the train was about to start for Melbourne, a special train, convoying volunteers from Bal- larat to the review in Melbourne, came along behind, and not being ablo to stop in timo, ran into the rear of the train from Williams- town. There was a very thick fog at the time, and the driver of the special train could not seo the other train standing at the station ; but the signal-man at the station gates perceived thespecial coming over the summit of a steep gradient, and ran about 100 yards along the line, waving the red danger flag. The driverof the special immediately shut off steam, and put on all breaks, but was unable to pull up before reaching the' station, in consequence of having to come down a decline having a gradient of 1 in 100, on rails which wore very "greasy," i. e, slippery, on account of the thick fog, which made everything iron quite wet. When the special train reached the other, howover, it was going at a very slow pace, and, in fact, the collision morely had the effect of pushing the other train somo yards ahead. There was a socond shock, however, caused by the springing of the buffers after compression, and this produced some unpleasant effects, for when the doors of the Williamstown train wore opened, it was found that several persons had been injured. Mr. David Newell and Mrs. M'Phee, residents of- Footscray, appeared to bo tho most seriously hutt. The formor had a severe cut above the left oye, and the latter was out and bruised very much about the head, besides receiving a very severe shock to the system. Amongst the other sufferers were Mr. Bell, jeweller ; Mr. Young, printer ; and Mr. Simms, all residents of Footscray, the last named being mayor of the borough. Some of the Williamstown volunteer band, whoweroen gaged in playing when tho collision took place, received .disagreeable cuts and bruisos about the mouth, but their injuries did not prevent them from taking paTt in the review, for which they set out immediately on their arrival in Melbourne. Tho Government ap- pointed a board to investigate tho affair, and, acting upon its report, Mr. Korans, the sta tionm aster at Footscray, has been suspended by the Commissioner of Railways. A further inquiry, howover, is to take place. On the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, a car- riage was thrown off the line near the Rich- mond station, through the carelessness of a pointsman ; and at the Butts station, near Emerald-hill, an engine broke down. These two occurrences were insignificant in them- selves, but coming so soon after the moro serious accidont at North Sandridge, they have not helped to restore public confidence in the management of this railway, which of late has been the subject of much unfavour- able criticism. The land granted by the Government to the Old Colonists' Association as a site for a home for destitute colonists of 20 years' stand- ing and upwards, and their children, was formally handed over on Tuesday, 31st May, by the Hon. J. Macpherson, Minister of Lands, tohisHonour Judge Pohlman, as presi- dent of tho association. The land is situate near the intersection of tho Northcote-road by tho Merri Creek, and on tho margin of the latter. In the evening a special performance in aid of the funds of the association was given at tho Theatre Royal, in which Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mathews, Mr. George Coppin, and Mr. George Rogers took part. Tho nett receipts amounted to £1G8. , It is always gratifying'^) Australians to learn that members of their community have been considered worthy of the privilege of admission to the ranks of influential bodies in the home country. It has been pleasing therefore to notice that Dr. Neild, of Collins street, Melbourne, has been olectod a fellow of the Royal Medical and Chirurgical Society of London; and that Mr. Charles Bright, secretary to the Australasian branch of tho London and Lancashire Insurance Company, has been chosen as an associate of the Insti- tute of Actuaries, London. Tho trustees of tho Public Library and Museums have conferred tho office of art teacher upon M. Eugen Von Guurard, and that of clerk to the board of trustees upon Mr. Marcus Clarke. Information has been recoivod by the con- gregation of Chalmers Church, Melbourne, that the Rov. Andrew Camoron, of Maryton, Scotland, has accepted the invitation for- warded to him some timo ago to become the co-pastor of the Rev. Dr. Cairns. Mr. Thomas Parsons, barristcr-at-law, who has from time to timo been addressing a number of extraordinary letters to Her Ma- jesty the Queen, under the norn de plume of "The Washerwoman of Melbourne," has com- mitted suicide in a very singular manner. On the morning of his death, letters were received. from him by severalpersons, and amongst thom Police-Inspector Kabat, in which the writer stated that he intonded drowning himself before- the letter would be received. He directed the police to search tho river at Kew, in the neighbourhood of the residence of the Chief Justice, Sir W. F. Stawell ; that they would see a Topo fastened to the fence, and that hjs body would bo found at the other end of it, in tho water. Acting on instructions, Constables Thompson and Raleigh proceeded to the spot indicated, and in a bond of the river at the rear of tho residence of Sir W. F. Stawell, they found a clothes-line tied to a post, and the body of the unfortunate man lying in about 2ft. of water, with the other end of the rone tied round his neck, and two turns and a bight round his body, oxactly in the manner described in tho letter. Mr. Parsons was admitted to the English bar in 1811 j he arrived in the colony in 1858, and was admitted to tho Victorian bar in May of that year. He was an able conveyancer, and at one time did a good business ; but his eccentricities interfered greatly with his pro- spects, and for some timo past his unfortunate mental position had beem but too well known to his friends. Mr, Parsons was a married man, and has left a widow and grown-up family. Another suicide under painful circum- stances has occurred. In this case the de- < stroyer of his own lifo was Mr, Charles Day, chemist, Lonsdalo-street west, who took a dose of prussic acid while sufforing from ox citoment produced by intomperance. Ho had been suffering from delirium tremens, and had several times recently said that he would give the papers a paragraph. At an inquost held on the body, a verdict was returned to the effect that deceased had poisoned himself while of unsound mind. A dreadful tragedy, which created great ex- citement in the locality where it occurred, was enacted at Ballarat on tho morning of tho 21st May. Mr. J. M. Cook, well known in business circles in that town, drove up to the shop of Mr. W. Moss, tinsmith, and hav- ing held some conversation with Mrs. Moss, the nature of which can only be conjectured, shot her through the lungs with a double barrelled gun, reserving the other barrel for his own destruction, which he accomplished by blowing out his brains. Painful reports were circulated respecting the causes which led to this sad affair, affecting the character of the late Mrs. Moss, but her brother, who was examined at the coroner's inquest, de- clared that there was no foundation for them. Tho other evidence given at the inquest threw no now light on the affair, which will now, in all probability, never be explained. A not very edifying case has recently oc- cupied the attention of the Supreme Court for three or four days. The defendant, whose name is Barlow, is a deacon in the Congregational Chuicb, Kew, and the plaintiff is a girl about 14 years of age, tho daughtor of a lawyer's clork named Clutterbuck. The plaintiff's family had been in the habit of attending the Church, and tho deacons at ono time assigned to them a pew. Disagreements occurred, and Mr. Clutterbuck has not at- tended the church since 18G5, although his family appear to havo attended at irregular intervals, but not to have contributed re- gularly to the church funds. The church is managed on the purely voluntary prin- ciple-no chargois m ado for a pew, but at the samo time peoplo aro expected to contribute a stated sum weekly, tho amount being left to their own discretion. As Mr. Clutterbuck did not attend the church, and as his family paid (according to the evidence for the de- fence) nothing to the funds, the scat was taken away from him, and in November last given to Mr. T. M. Buzzard. Tho Clutter bucks, however, seem to havo assorted a i claim to the pow. In fact, no notice was given to them that it was taken from thom, and ac- cordingly, theplaintiff and her brothers endea- voured to take possession of it ovory Sunday. At last, on the evening of Sunday, lGth January, matters wore brought to a crisis by the Clutterbuck children arriving before Mr. Buzzard's family, and sitting in tho pow. Mr. Barlow determined to remove them, and did removo them, seriously injuring, it was al- leged, the plaintiff's shoulder. Tho jury were unable to arrivo at any conclusion, ana weie discharged without giving a verdict. About a couple of months ago a fearful gunpowder explosion occurred on the road to , Wood's Point, in which a loaded waggon, its team of horses, and driver were blown to pieces. It was shown during the inquiry which took placo into tho matter, that the unfortunate drivor had received from certain stores in Melbourne moro gunpowder than is allowed by the law to bo stored within the city, and proceedings were recently taken in tho City Police Court against ono of tho offending storekeepers, Mr. Donald M'Phee, of Bourke-strcot. The quantity of gun- powder allowed by tho act to bo kept upon any premises in the city is 251b., and evidence was called with the object of showing that 30 barrels of blasting powder, containing each 251b., wore taken out of M'Phee's store on the 17th March, and placed on the waggon of the deceased carrier, Jewell, along with 40 other barrels of powder obtained olsowhero. Mr. Call, P.M., the magistrate before whom the case was heard, did not consider the evidence conclusive on tho point, and dis- missed the complaint. In Melbourne tho Queen's birthday was celebrated, as it usually is, with many signs of festivity. On this day, also, His Excelloncy, according to custom, holds his levée, which on this occasion was attended by about the average number of Her Majesty's subjects. For the general public, however, this cere- monial has no attractions, and enjoyment is sought after in vory different fashion. This year the weather, unlike that on the previous 24th of May, was exceedingly fine, and, as a matter of course, tho day passed off pleasantly. Plonty of outdoor amusement, suited to evory taste, was obtainable, and tho opportunity for enjoyment was taken full advantage of. Exclusive of a fêle in the Friendly Societies' Gardens, races at Croxton-park, a regatta on the Upper Yarra, and a variety of minor amusements, thoro was the customary roviow of volunteers in Albort-park. The muster on this occasion was a highly respectable ono, and was fully up to the average of tho birthday reviews of past years ¡ and tho review was peculiarly successful, not bocauso the manouvres practised wero more numerous or complicated-they wore, on the contrary, less so-but what was done was dono rospect ably, and the remarkably fine weather drew together a very large number of spectators. His Excollency the Governor arrived on the ground shortly before noon, accompanied by Lieutenant Rothwell, his A.D.C., and ho was joined by Major-General Chuto and Major Baker, and Captain Richardson, A.D.C. Tho force as paraded consisted of a dctachmont of about 100 of the 2-18th Royal Irish Regiment, five troops of cavalry, a six-gun field battery, | and seven battalions of infantry and corps serving as infantry. The troops having ro ceived the Governor in line. His Excellency rode down tho ranks, and tue regulation fen de joie followed, the file firing being reputably done. The bands of tho various corps brigaded together played a stavo of tho National Anthem between each round of firing. The firing over, the Governor and general bricily inspected tho various bat- talions, after which carno the marching past. This was also fairly done. A few simple battalion evolutions wero next performed, and the review was ovor by 1 o'clock. The total strength of the volunteers undor arms was 2,304. Gasoline, a fluid which has rocontly como into use to a considerable extent in Mel- bourne for illuminating purposes, has boon the cause of a firo which dostroyed property to the value of £2,000. The occurrence took place at Mr. Long's store, 64 Elizabeth-street, and it was proved that the fire was caused by the flame of a lamp coming in contact with the vapour proceeding from a stream of gasoline running from a tin into a gallon measure. The flames communicated with the gasoline in the measure, which blazed up, so that tho measuro was droppod, and the firo, spreading over tho floor amongst various kinds of oils, caused a gonoral conflagration. The dangerous nature of this substanoo is shown by an analysis mado by Mr. Cosmo Newberry, analyst to tho Mining department, from which it appoars that whon at a tempe- rature of 55deg. Fahrenheit, a small quan- tity of it gave out a gas or vapour which ignited when a light was placod at a distance of about six inches from the fluid, and im- mediately communicated with tho liquid, and that when at a temperature of 75deg. Fah- renheit tho gasoliue was sot on fire from a distance of two feot, through tho communi- cating medium of its own gas. Since the fire in Elizabeth-street, the Melbourno insur- ance companies have intimated to their customers that any one storing gasolino on his premises will vitiato his policy. The Port Phillip Farmers1 Socloty, tho old- est society oí it« kind, ia tho colony, is at length to bo wound np, a decision to that effect having been arrived at at the annual general meeting, which was held recently. The managing committee has been instructed, after paying all claims, to hand over the I bal anco of the cash in hand, estimated at about £-100, and any property which may i remain, to five trustees, who are empowered, in the event of any now agricultural society of which they approve being started within two years' time, to transfer the monoy and property to it, and failing the establishment of such a society, to distributo the funds amongst the city charities. A rather formidable work has been nearly completed by the Evelyn Tunnel Company, at AVarrandyte, who, to facilitate their opera- tions, havo cut a new course for the Yarra, in order to carry tho rivor from one sido of a hill in its course to anothor, and by# this means leave three miles of its bed available for mining purposes. A tunnel 040ft. in length, lift, high, and 18ft. wide has boon cut through tho solid rock from bank to bank. An embankment has now to bo constructed to turn the water into this now channel, and as soon as it is completed sluicing opera- tions will bo commenced. Arrowroot, it has been discovered, can bo successfully cultivated in this colony. An ex- cellent sample has lately been grown and ma- nufactured at the Aboriginal Mission Station, Ramahyuck, Gipps Land. It appears to bo as good as any of the most approved quality to bo had of the grocers. About a quartor of an acre has been devoted to this new iudustry, the natives being tho cultivators, builders of the houses, and makers of the simple machinery used in the preparation of tho article. A movement has been commenced amongst the Jows of Molbonrno to collect funds to assist in the relief of tho inhabitants of thoso parts of Palestino which have been dcsolatod by the existing long drought. In furtherance oí this object, a subscription has been begun in Melbourno by the Rev. M. Rintel and Mr, M. Goldstein, and already numerous contri- butions have been received. A sudden death occurred under curious circumstances at Sandridge tho other day. A man named Jeremiah Kennedy was illegally cutting wood, when he saw a person whom ho supposed to be the Crown lands bailiff ap Eroaching him. He set off to run away, but ad not gone far beforo ho foil dead. Tho other man was not a bailiff after all. At an inquest hold on the body, it was found that death had resulted from apoplexy. Ah Pew, the Chincso miner convicted at tho Castlemaine Circuit Court of the outrago and murder of a young girl namod Hunt, at Glenluco, has been executed. To the last ho steadily refused to admit his guilt A cast of the convict's head was talton shortly after death, and from it a phrenologist has ascer- tained that Ah Pew possessed a sensual and destructive character, coupled with much cunning and self-confidonce. Some fine country is rcportod to havo hoon discovered to the north-west of Mount Mar- garet, in South Australia. Thero aro two rivers abounding with fish, and a large extent of first-class pastoral land, which is well watered. An Adelaide brigantino, the Aloxandra, which was last year engagod by some officials of the Italian Govornment for an exploring cruise to New Guinea and adjacent islands, appears to have mot with somo rather adven- turous incidents during hor voyage. After leaving New Guinea, she sailed for Macluro's Inlot, whero a fracas with the natives oc- curred. A sudden attack was made by the savages upon a boat's crew, who wero sur- rounded by nearly a thousand natives. A second boat from tho vessel, howevor, was approaching tho shoro, and tho crew, wit- nessing the affray, at once opened fire on the aggressors, and being furnished with Snider rifles, they were able to do good execution. At the first dischargo a chief, who had led the attack, was mortally wounded. On the conclusion of the skirmish, 50 rounds of Snidor ammunition were spent, which was incrcasod by that fired from tho revolvers, so that the natives paid rather dearly for their treachery. The leaders of the whites had threo spear wounds, and another of tho party some bruises, but no further damage was dono. The latest advices from Fiji state that, at a meeting of settlers at Vuna, a resolution was passed in opposition to having a republican government at prosont We also learn that a number of natives, working on Mr. Smith's Elantation at Vanna Lovu, ransacked the omestoad during the absence of the pro- prietor, and made off with tho plunder. Tho neighbouring settlors mustered, and at- tacked the natives, killing three aud wound- ing others. King Thakambau ha9 despatched a strong foice against his rebellious subjects. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY.- THE MONTH'S WOBK. Tho preliminaries of tho work undertaken by the new M'Culloch Administration woro disposed of last month, and when the May mail closed the Legislative Assembly had discussed tho Treasurer's financial statement, and was dealing with tho Estimates in a business-like way. This ad ron stylo of procoduro has been continued up to tho present, and the re- sult is that the main votes of the year havo been speedily passed, as well as two intorim supply bills for the purpose of paying salaries, wages, &c.; The residuo of the votos com- prised debateable points, such as tho questions of assisted immigration, of education, of tho management of the police, &c;, all of which aro not yot done with. Othor important subjects havo also occupied the atten- tion of the Assembly, to wit, Australian federation, state aid to leligion, our mili- tary defences, a Scab Act Amendment Bill, a Census Bill, and tho amondmont of tho law relating to publicans, so that tho month's sittings havo been dis- tinguished by long and heavy debates and more or less weighty utterances from tho poli- tical leaders. And somo important conclu- sions havo been arrived at. A State Aid to Religion Abolition Bill has nearly passod the Lower Chamber, a committee has been ap- pointed to consider tho question of Australian federation, and last, not least, tho Houso has practically agreed to the Govornment scheme of assisted immigration, and voted £05,000 for tho purpose. Au reste, tho Govornment maintain their position, and aro steadily supported by overwhelming majorities, the Opposition being constituted of little moio than a few of tho members and adherents of tho late Government and one or two vehement opponents of tho re- constituted M'Culloch Administration. No- thing rcsombling a trial of strength be- tween parties has yet occurred, nor do appearances show that there would bo any approach to equality in such a struggle. At the rate affairs aro going on, it is probable that our next mail summary will announce the close of tho session. Tho course of politics outside tho Houses of Parliament presents nothing moro worthy of notico than a few public mcotings convonod in order to inaugurate an agitation against state aid to immigration and for incrcasod protective duties, but they attracted little or no atten- tion. A meeting of "unemployed" only brought togothor somo 700 or 800 apparently well-to-do persons, and is also regarded as a pendant to tho above-mentioned agitation and a failuro. AUSTltALIAN FEDERATION. The subject of the federation of tho Aus- tralian colonies has, since the inauguration of responsible govornmont in Victoria, boen more than once brought up for Parliamentary consideration by Mr. Duffy, who has displayed an unwearied interest in pressing forward the question as of tho highest importance in a national point of view. It is somo years sinco ho last moved in tho matter, but tho" rocont discussions upon colonial and imperial rela- tions, and the fact that very soon'1 an in- tercolonial conference to discuss divors mattors of common interest vjill bo sit- ting in Melbourne havo led him to bring tho topic forward once more ; aud on Thursday, Juno 2, ho moved for tho ap- pointment of a soloct committeo, con- sisting of leading members of tho House, to consider and report upon tho nocossity of a federal union of the Australian colonies for legislative purposes, and on tho bost moans of accomplishing such a union. His remarks in support of his motion wero weighty. Ho accepted tho warning from tho Secretary of State for tho Colonies, that being a freo go- verned people, wo must assumo tho responsi- bilities of that position, by providing for our own defenco ; but considered that wo should first como to an understanding with our natural allies, tho sister cplonies. After dwolling cn the importance to us of being able to keep up communication with Europe, he recapitulated how in 1857 the Assembly had on his motion appointed a select com- mittee to consider whether federation was desirable. That committoo reported in favour of confederation, although no time at which it should take placo was fixed. Further, in dealing with the best method of bringing about federation it held that no singlo colony ought to tako exclusive posses- sion of a subject of common interest to all, and that the delicate problems which sug- gested themselves on the threshold of the inquiry ought to bo strictly reserved for a conference of representatives from tho colonial Parliaments. The propositions con- tained in this report wero roceived with the greatest favour in tho other colonies of Tasmania, South Australia, Queensland (by anticipation, for it had not then become a colony, but on obtaining separation it pro- mised concurronco in a futuro conference), and by New South Walos, and their sovoral Legislatures save that of Now South Wales,, and tho circumstances which had inter- fered to provent an expression of opinion from the Parliament of that colony had hitherto also prevented the conference. He (Mr. Duffy) had twice-in 1800 and in 1862 moved the re-appointment of the original committee in order to afford the Legislatura of New South Wales the opportunity of ap- pointing a conference ; but somothing always occurred to provent that consummation. Tho present aspect of political affairs was, how o\er, of such a character that ho revived tho subject, in hopes of bringing about some sort of understanding among tho fivo colonies. Ho proceeded to point out the various modos of federation which might be adopted, and sug- gested that the Dominion of Australia, if foimed, should secure itself from co-ope íatmg in British wars in tho same way as Hanover was relieved from joining England in_ German wars. Tho great end to bo gained vas tim achievement of ti common nationality. Mr. Higinbotham spoko next, in opposition to tho motion, for ho scarcely thought a federation of tho Aus- tralian colonies now desirable. In * timu of war fcdoiation would bo an iucumbranco to each colony, and a customs union could bo obtained without it if the absurd clause in tho Constitution Act which forbado it woro repealed. Federation would only result in each colony depriving itself of the power of dealing independently with its ojvn financos and fiscal policy. The Attornoy- Gonoral (Mr. Michie) suppoited the motion, appreciating the importance and value of tho object sought to bo attained, and pointing out how much moro successful federation was likoly to bo in Australia than in Canada, which had 1,400 miles of frontier to the United States, There was, ho added, no knowing how soon tho importance of Australian federation might becomo paramount. Tho resolution was carried without a division, aud tho cora mitteo has already held throo meetings. Wo understand that, in view of tho speedy closo of the session, it has boon determined to con- stitute the committco a Royal commission, so that their labours may bo pursued and carriocl to a conclusion during the Parliamentary recess. ASSISTS ÜIJIIOItATION. The longest, and in that regard the most important, debato of the month has been that on tho voto of £05,000 for tho purposes of assisted immigration. An animated discussion on this topic was expected, for it is ono on which the stump orators of our time aro most voluble. If properly dealt with, it fur- nishes a most offectivo olection cry to influence) tho moro ignorant of the labouring classes, who aro easily frightenod by being told that their wages aro to bo lowered : and, further, tho approach of a genoral election imposes on each mombor going for re-election tho noccssity of explain- ing the oxact reasons of his vote. It will bo remembered that in connexion with this vote the lato Government tabled, and in fact gazetted, a series of immigration regula- tions (duly published in our English sum- mary), of a decidedly liberal character, and which wore to como into eftect after a certain date. In tho courso of tho strugglos for ex- istence of the Macpherson Government, that dato was oxtended, and oventually the now Government caused an indefinito postpone- ment, and ended by tabling a fresh sorios of regulations (which in their latost form aro published in this issue). Upon thom, in connexion with the voto, tho debato has taken place, and it was not finally com- pleted till last Tuesday, after occupying tho attention of tho Assombly during throo weeks. It cannot interest our 'English readers to know the reasons-copiously gtvon -which prompted each individual voto, but it will bo well to givo a sketch of the actual discussion. It commenced on Thursday, June 2, when tho Treasurer (Mr. Francis) proposed the actual vote of £65,000, and in support thereof gave a series of statistics, with tho viow of showing that during the last iivo yoais the gain to the colony by immjgra tion over emigration had been, comparatively speaking, vory trifling. With regard to tho steam possengci and mail route via tho Capo of Good Hope, none of the propositions sub- mitted to tho Government wero, ho said, of such a chaiactor as could be entortainod. Mr. Higinbotham started at once in strong opposition to tho proposed expenditure. Ho declared that boyond tho vaguest gener- alities ho had never hoard any argument in favour of immigration at the stato's oxponso, and contended that it was no part of our duty to assist to this colony tho poor of England, Scotland, and Ireland. Wo could not got tho strong, intelligent, and indus- trious mechanic and labourer. It was only tho shiftless poor whioh would be thiust upon us, and it was no part of our duty to roceivo such persons, much less to pay for thom. Tho tact was, noithor tho Ministry nor tho Parliament woro desirous of introducing any now blood into tho colony savo that which carno in tho shape of un- skilled labourers, and to bring competition to bear on that class was, ho argued, most unjust. Mr. Michio replied with facts. Samo 20 years ago the wagos of skilled labourers woro from 4s. to 5s. a day. Tho population of the country had moro than trebled, but had wages decreased? On the contrary, thoy wero now from 9s. to 10s. per day. Ho pro- ceeded to contond that tho policy just pro- pounded was simply to closo tho colony against all intending immigrants, the conse- quence of which would bo to oxcludo mon oE capital as well as tho working classos from the country. Following a speaker who harpod on tho assortion that tho advocates of immi- gration only wanted to roduco the prico of labour, tho Minister of Mines (Mr. Mackay) pointod out the difforonco between tho extra vacant system of noarly unrestricted icnmi giation which occupiod tho thoughts of thoso who opposed tho Govornmont schomo nnd was to Borno ox tout to bo found in tho im- migration schomo of tho lato Govornmont and tho schomo actually before the llousu, which, savo in respect to tho introduction of a cortain proportion of females, only provided for tho issuo of warrants to bo taken out by persons hero in favour of such of their friends or relations at home as they wished to bring here. Mr. Langton, viewing tho wholo question independent of the present sur rounding local circumstances, maintained that tho earnings of tho labourer and mechanic at tho present timo would purchaso moro of tho absoluto comforts of lifo than had over boforo been tho case sinco tho ora of tho gold dis- covery. But ovon apart from this circum- stance, it was tho duty of tho colonists to do all they could to roliovo the povorty of their distressed brethren in the old country. In reply to tho objection urged by Mr. Higin- botham, that tho introduction of state immi- grants was an interference with tho grout principle of freo trado, ho pointed out that wo imported not only labour but capital also. Wo imported all tho capital nocessary for tho construction of our national railways, and if there was to bo no moro immigration, then thoro would bo no nood of and no use for another railway. A numbor of un- important speakers having intorvonod, tho Ministor of Justice (Mr. Wrixon) took up the argument, defending tho Govornmont pro- position on the ground that tho question whether wo had much or littlo immigration under the proposod regulations was prac- tically remitted to tho consideration of tho people who took out tho warrants. Mr. Duffy complained that the immigration regulations did not go far enough. Ho considered that moro care should bo taken to import norsons skilled in various industrios which did not at present exist in the colony, so that by their means our resources might bo dovolopod and our prosperity increased. Ho objected to the regulation by which porsons woro to bo brought hero in proportion to tho respoctivo populations of tho four divisions of tho United Kingdom, as in Canada and tho Unite*} States the policy w« to incito a competition in the race of immigration , between the several nationalities. At this point a significant episode occurred. Mr, Longmore, late Minister of Railways, after arguing at great_ length' that the onlj object of assisted immigration was to obtain cheap labour for the squatters, admitted his responsibility in respect to the more libera' immigration regulations of the late Govern ment, confessing that he had not examined them as he should havo done, and that h< had since altered his opinions. To him repliée Mr. Cohen, late Commissioner of Trade anc Customs, declaring that Mr. Longmore had been well aware of the nature of the late regulations, and that for himself ho ro grottcd they had not become law. The debate, which \a.i by then become in- expressibly wearisome, was wound up bj the Chief Secretary (Mr. M'Culloch), whe asked how the resources of the colony would have been developed if tho population had not been increased, not merely by voluntary but by assisted immigration? If there was to be only a small population in the colony, .what would be the advantage of throwing open the lands ? An emigrant from the old country could got to America for £3. To get here, even under the proposed regulations, would cost £5. To say nothing or the dis- tance, the expense of the passage was an in- superable objection to the working people of England coming here, and all that the House was asked to do was to make the cost of pas- sage to Victoria and America somewhere about equal. If it had not been for tho im- migration to the colony, its resources would never have been developed, nor would its railways have been constructed. The work- ing classes, quite as much if not more than any other section of the community, would bo benefited by the proposed immigration. He admitted that a large indiscriminate im- migration might be prejudicial, but nothing of the sort was now proposed, and he main- tained that such a well-regulated system of immigration as was contemplated could only prove of advantage to the country, ne thought that an arrangement might bo made whereby the warrants not used dunn« the first nine months of the year might be issued without any leference to nationality daring the remaining three months. The vote then passed, and next day the regulations, amended as indicated, wore laid on the table, and the subject dropped for tho time being. It seems that already, out of the 4,000 passage warrants which the vote for the year will cover, 2,238 havo been applied for, and this may bo taken as demonstrating the fact that the intelligent working men of tho co- lony, instead of being opposed to immigra- tion, are, in the majority of instaucos, very good immigration agents. ABOLITION OF STATE AID TO RELIGION. This question, the threadbare arguments on which, although reproduced in debate, we do not propose now to repeat, has been once moro brought forward as a Govornment moa ? euro, and may he said to have practically passed the Assembly, while the sanction of the Legislative Council-which for 13 yeare past has been steadily refused-has almost been promised. The last time the subject was before the Houso, the proposition was to reduce the grant of £50,000 a year (which the Constitution Act provided should be dis- tributed among the religious bodies who would accept it as a portion of the quid pro quo in respect to handing to the colony the entire control of its territorial revenue) by £10,000 a year, and the Council thre>v out the bill. Now, Mr. M'Culloch has proposed to give the full grant five years longer, viz., till Dee. 31, 1S75, and also to hand over to the various denominations the church and school lands held by them, of courso under condi- tions more or less calculated to secure their appropriation to tho purposes for which they were granted. In stating the terms upon which lie offered this compromise the most liberal yet tendered, he was very distinct in defining the consequences which would ensuo upon its rejection. Ho said ho proposed that state aid should absolutely cease on the 31st December, 1875, but ho certainly would agree to no further extension of time, and, if the bill "¡now to bo introduced was rojocted in another place, he in any future mea- sure to be introduced would insist upon the cessation of the grant at the same date now fixed. The only objections offered to tho measure were-first, one which was met by incorporating in the bill a provision that no lands should after July 1 next be reserved for church purposes ; and secondly, that thecompromiso offered was too liberal. Mr. Rolfe, moraber for Crowlands and a leading member of tho Congrega- tional body, was tho main objector on this ground, and his opposition found vent in a proposition that the compromise offered in the last previous bill be the basis of the new measure, and the grant, being reduced at the rate of £10,000 a year, cease on Decombor 31, 1875\. When a vote was talton, the amend- ment was negatived by 45 votes against 16, and this was after the second roadiug had been carried by a majority of 63 to three votes, i.e., when the Houso divided thoso wore the numbers of bon. members on the benches, and the Speaker considered that enough had been dono to satisfy the condition thal no alteration in the Constitution Act should bo made except by a majority of the entire House. Tho bill has sinco passed brough committee. HEB MAJESTY'S TR0O.S IN AUSTRALIA. The fact that the company of the 2-18th Regiment (Royal Irish), stationed in Mel- bourne, are under orders to leave by the end of July or beginning of August next, has caused a debate, which, however, has pro ' duced no result. On Thursday last, Mr. Fellows mot ed that an address bo pre- sented to the Governor, praying His Excel- lency to request the major-general com- manding to suspend the arrangements for the removal of Her Majesty's troops from this colony pending further reference to the Imperial Government on tho subject, or until a proper colonial forco shall have boon or- ganised and trained to supply their placo. Reviewing the action taken by tho home and colonial authorities in this matter, ho con- tended that to raise and maintain an ade- quate local forco would cost more than to retain in the colony a sufficient number of regular troops, and* that it was inconsistent for us to make overtures of federation to the other colonies, and at tho same time set them at defianco by refusing to join thom in paying for tho presenco of an Imperial garrison, for, without we consented to take our quoto, the troops would bo removed from all Aus- tralia. Ho deprecated tho mercenary argu- ment advanced that wo would not pay for any troops bocauso tho Imperial Government would not promise to keep thora hero at any hazard in the timo of war. The troops wero not removed during the Crimean war, and the Imperial authorities might safoly bo trusted in this matter. No satisfactory proposal had ever been made to tho homo authorities, and ho regarded the sending the troops away as tho first step towards the severanco of our connexion with tho British Empire. Tho Treasurer pointed out that somo timo since the Houso had agreed that unless a promiso was mado that the Imperial troops should bo continued hero during war as well as during poaco the country would rofuso to pay_ for thom, and tho homo Government hod intimated that for the futuro the entire ox ponde of all the troops rotained in Australia would have to bo defrayod by the Australian colonies. Up to the present time no definito information had beon received by the Govern- ment from the Imperial authorities relative to tho matter under consideration Further, in order to retain troops hore, the home authorities required a special appropriation to bo mado for them by act of Parliament.which act could not be repealed without the assont of tho Imporial Government, so that the wholo matter would bo placed beyond the reach and control of the colony. Then again, tho colony; was also told that they could not get tho kind of troops they rcquirod, and must bo content with what thoy could get The state of tho correspondence with the British Government with regard to tho re- tention of troops in the colony was very unsatisfactory, and under the wholo of tho circumstances tho Government could not nssont to tho proposal now made. Mr. Langton having pointed out the utterly defenceless condition in which tho colony would bo loft. Mr. M'Culloch argued that to pass tho resolution could bo of no possiblo effect, because if tho major-gonoral had re- ceived orders for the removal of tho troops from tho colony, ho could not rotain thom at the request of that Houso or the Governor. It would bo an undignified position for this colony to take up to confess that it could not Íirovido for its own defence Tho Assembly lad communicated to tho Imperial Govern- ment its decision that it would; only continuo to pay for troops on condition that those troops consisted of artillery, and were retained in the colony during war as well as peace, and in reply to that communication Earl Gran- ville admitted the reasonableness of the action taken by thq colony, but from an Imporial point of view tho conditions wore not such as could be complied with. In this way the Imperial Govornment had givoh tho co- lonies distinctly to understand that for tho future they would bo required to próvido for their own internal défonce, and as tho Government of this colony was prepared to pay all that was required, it was therefore perfectly justified in insisting upon the twoconditions that the troops should be artillery, and that they should not be re- moved in time of war. Under these facts, it would be most undignified for the colony now to pray that the troops might be loft here a little longer, showing that after all we were afraid to do without them. Supposing the troops left there was no immediate necessity to supply their place, for the colony bad on a previous occasion done without them for eight months. The Government wero as anxious as anyone could be properly to provide for the defenco of the colony, but they wero not in a position at once to statend_nt steps would be taken. The debate was not carried much farther, but the Government left it to be understood that they were in communication with the "local mihtnry authorities"-i.e., the colonel com- mandant of volunteers, as to suggestions to come from that source. Mr. Fellows' resolu- tion was negatived by 25 to seven votes. A NEW BAILWAY. That measures aro to be taken this year for the construction of a new railway has not yet been definitely stated to Parliament, but it has been otherwise announced by the Go- vernment that one of the first bills to be passed next session will be one for tho con- struction of a railway to tho Western district. The country indicated may be roughly de- scribed as the area which, extending in »com- paratively narrow strip from Geelong wost ward till beyond Colac and Çampeidown, sub- sequently expands so as to include the whole area of the south-western portion of the colony. Thus the term " Western district " does not so much imply the western portion of the cclony, as that va3t territory to the south-west, which comprises some of the richest soil in the world. To this Portland, Warrnambool, and Belfast aro the outporls on the seaboard, but the central point is the prosperous inland town of Hamil- ton. That railway communication should be extended to Hamilton has long been a popular cry in those parts, and the proposition has recommended itself to the general mind as a scheme eminently adapted to the deve- lopment of that very rich district. Two modes of doing this have assumed definite shape, One is that a railway line shall leave Geelong, running almost parallel to the Ballarat line, only moro south- ward, and reach Hamilton through Cam- perdown and Colac. This, is much fa- voured by the Geelong mind. The other pro- position is to carry a line from the Ballarat terminus north-west to Ararat (an important minor gold-field), and then south-west to Hamilton. The advocates of both lines are actively pushing their interests, for the whole of tho extensive trade of trie Western district, now in Geelong hands, is at stake. The Government a few days since broke silence on the question, and in reply to a joint deputation from Ballarat, Hamilton, Ararat, Stawell, and the shire of Dundas, tho Chief Secretary stated that the first appropriation of the £200,000 which the Land Act of 180'J directs shall bo taken each year from the pro- ceeds of land sales and applied to railway purposes, shall be devoted to railway exten- sion to the west. The theory of the Railway department is that £200,000 will próvido for at least 30 miles of railway, aud that in this way our railway communication will be largely extended by means derived from our annual income. The only open question now is the route to bo adopted, and Mr. M'Culloch says this will be decided upon during the present year, and as soon as the suiveys of both routes are completed. Womay just add that the Government havo decided to use steel rails on the North-Eastern railway, now in course of construction. OTHlîIt QUESTIONS AND MEASURES. Tho leading topics touchod upon in con- nexion with the Estimates have now been in- dicated. Early in the month two interim supply bills, ono granting £5,019 12s. 6d. to the service of 1809, and £280,000 to the service ot 1870, and the other £750,000 to the service of 1870, were passed through all their stages, and, together with a small.bill amending the Abattoirs Acts, and a bill authorising the pay- ment of salaries from tho Waterworks Loan, obtained the sanction of the Legislative Council, and ultimately received the Royal assent. A further bill autborising payment of salaries from the Railway Loan awaits its third reading. A bill authorising a census in 1871 also passed through all its stages in tho Assembly, and has been sent to the Upper House, Tho only point in it upon which issue was joined was whether clergy- men should or should not bo asked to state to what religious denomination they belong and where they officiated. The question was carried in the affirmativo by a majority of 28 to 17. Mr. G. P. Smith's Wine, Beer, and Spirits Sales Bill, which we mentioned in our last summary as having been intro- duced for the third time, but as unlikely to pass either this or any other sossion, has been read a second time and committed pro forma, but it is not likely to go further. During the debate on the second reading almost every member who spoke announced an in- tention of effecting sweeping alterations in committee, especially because the now con- ditions were wholly unsuited to tho country districts. The Attorney-General was even more severe in his criticism. There were, he said, defects in the existing law which had the bon. member who introduced the bill not been too ambitious and too eager for re- pressive measures such as in past years had placed sly grog selling on a permanent foot- ing, ho might have remedied, but it would not do to mend ono hole by making a larger. The bill remains at its initial stage in com mittco. A Scab Act amendment Bill has been received from the Legislative Council, and has nearly passed through committee, It resembles the bill which passed last sossion and was rejected in the Council, except that it provides for the establishment of boards of advico. A bill to amend the Borough Statute has been introduced by Mr. Everard, but it only proposes to remedy a defect in the registration of ratepayers as electors. It has been read a fust time. Nothing further has been dono towards the amend- ment of the insolvent law this session. Dr. Macartney has given notice of his in- tention to introduce a bill to amend the act for the Corporation and Management of tho Melbourne University, but it will not be pressed this session. Its object is to mako the institution moto amenable to Government influence. THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. The Upper House have sat regularly during the month, and paid much attention to busi- ness. Besides passing the three money bills sent up from the Assembly, they have carried the Scab Act Amendment Bill, which was initiated in this House, and received long and closo attention in committee, and the Abat- toirs Amendment Bill. Further, beyond dealing with a few notices of motion, and other unimportant matters, nothing has been dono in this chamber, savo the passage, nearly completed, of the Census Bill. NEW IMMIGRATION REGULATIONS UNDEB THE ACT 27 VICTORIA, NO. 195. The following are the amended regulations for the conduct of emigration to Victoria, and for the nomination of immigrants, which were presented to Pailiament on Thursday last, and which aro now in force : PAIIT I. 1\. Tho only persons eligible for passagos under this part of these regulations will bo single females, being British subjects, under tho age of 35, who hare been accustomed to domestic service (and married couples herein- after mentioned), who may bo selectod by the agent-general of Victoria, and who can produco certificates of good character satisfactory to him, and aro free from any bodily or mental infirmity,-numbors to bo limited to requirements of the colony as in- dicated by the amount annually voted by Parliament ; and the selection of emigrants to bo made from England, Scotland, Ireland, and Wales, in proportion to the population of such countries respectively, according to the census for the timo being. 2\. In tho ovent of the ugont-goneral being unable to provide the necessary number of married couples from passage-warrant holders on board vossels conveying singlo females under these regulations, to act as mess constables and to protect such fomales, ho may select married couples, not oxecoding 10 for every ICO singlo females for passages : and such persons will bo received on arrival into tho dcpOt hereinafter mentioned, and will bo there "maintained during seven dajs after arrival at the ship's expenso. 3\. The cost of tho passage will bo defrayed by the Government, and, at tho option of the agent-general, tho'ox penses of conveyance to tho port of ombarkation. Each emigrant will, howover, bo required to pay a sura of £1, in consideration ot the Government pro- viding the necessary bedding and mess utensils. 4\. Singlo females introduced under tho above regulations will bo received on arrival into a depot provided by the Government until tbey find employment, but will bo re- quired to proceed to uny part of Victoria which the immigration agent may direct. PAIIT II. ' 1. Persons permanently resident in Vic- toria, being natural bom or naturalised British subjects, desirous of bringing their relatives or friends to Victoria, may apply to the immigration agent in Melbourne or other officer named in clause 9 for passage-warrants, which will be granted under the conditions hereinafter mentioned. 2\. The persons to be nominated shall be British subjects, or subjects of the country of the nominator, of sound mind and body, in good health, and of good character; but no passage-warrant shall be issued, and no transfer of any warrant permitted, in favour of or to any person who may be either lunatic, idiotic, deaf, dumb, blind, maimed, or infirm, or who may have been previously in the colony of Victoria. 3\. A passage-warrant will entitle the per- son or persons named therein to be convoyed to Melbourne from a port in the United Kingdom by a ship to be named by the agent .general, within one month of the receipt by him of a request from the nominees for a passage in terms of the warrant ; but unless a nominee, or by the consent of the agent general for Victoria a substitute, to bo nomi nated as hereinafter mentioned, shall leave the United Kingdom within nine months of the date of the warrant, such warrant will not be available, but must bo returned to Melbourne for renewal or transfer. 4\. Passage-warrants shall not be issued for children under 15 years of age, unless on an undertaking that they shall be accompanied by somo suitablo and approved person who will take charge of them during the voyago. 5\. Should the porson or persons nominated in any passage-warrant decline or be unable to emigrate, or be dead, and the warrant not used, the money paid towards their passage will be refunded to the nominator, or an other nominee may be substituted in the passage-warrant by the agent of the nomina- tor, whose name and address shall appear on the face of such warrant, upon application to and with the consent of the agent general in London, or by the nominator himself ou application to the immigration agent in Mel- bourne. G. No single females will be permitted to bo conveyed in any ship, except in accordance with the Queen's Orders in Council for the conduct of emigration, dated 3rd February, 1863, unless accompanied by relatives or a family of friends. 7\. No warrant will be issued in favour of a married man or woman unless accompanied by the husband or wife respectively, or unless tho husband or wife bo resident in Victoria. 8\. No immigrant under this part will be re- ceived into any immigration depot except single females, being warrant-holders, who may be maintained during seven days after arrival at the ship's expense, but during any subsequent period at the expense of the nominator, who will bo held liable to defray the same, and such expense, if not paid, shall become a debt to the immigration agent, and may be recovered by bim as such by civil process. All nominators are, therefore, strictly enjoined to make provision for the reception of their nominees immediately on their arrival, as they will not be allowed to icmain on board the ship for more than seven dajs from tho date thereof. Single females will, on landing, be conveyed to the immigration depot, from which they will bo taken by their friends. 9\. AH applications for passago-warrants under this part of these regulations shall be made in accordance with form A hereto at- tached, which may be obtained at any post oilico throughout the colony, and at the offico3 hereafter mentioned, or at any office which may be subsequently appoiuted by the Com- missioner of Trade and Customs. The form, with the necessary particulars carefully in- serted and signed by tho nominator, should be sent to the immigration agent, Melbourne, or to any of the undermentioned offices :-To tho assistant immigration agent at Geelong, Portland, Port Fairy, Warrnambool, and Port Albert; to any receiver and paymaster in Victoria, to any postmaster in Victoria, or to any officer who may be hereafter autho- rised by the Commissioner of Trade and Cus- toms. This form, correctly filled up, together with the amount required to be paid according to the next clause (10), is to be handed or forwarded to one of the above-mentioned officers, who will without delay forward it in terms of form B, and a post-office order, bank draft, or Treasury receipt for tho money to the immigration agent in Melbourne, who will then transmit passage-warrants for the persons nominated, with the name > and address of the nominator's agent written thereon, if any shall have been appointed by him, either to the office at which the money was paid, or to such address as the nominator may request. The passage-warrant must be sent by the nominator to his friends. All persons paying money for warrants should be careful to get a printed receipt for tho same from the officer to whom the money is paid. 10\. The following sums shall, under this part of these regulations, be paid by the nominator in advance in respect of intend- ing emigrants prior to the issue of the pas snge-waTrants: Undor 15 Yeara. 15 Years and I 40 Years and undor 40. upwards. Malo Female ., 11\. If the nominator or his agent misrepre- sent any of tho particulars, or neglect to fur nibh full information respecting the persons nominated, or misrepresent any particulars, or neglect to furnish full information respect- ing the person whom he proposes to substituto for the original nominee in the passage-war- rant, or if any person known to be under indenture by the nominator, or his agent, or any person disqualified by these regulations, or any person whose destination is to any other colony than Victoria, be nominated, the Commissioner of Trade and Customs, or the agent-general in London, may cancel tho said passage-warrant, and tho deposit shall be for- feited ; or if tho original or substituted nominee has been introduced into Victoria previous to the disqualification being dis- covered, the nominator, or in his absence the original or substituted nominee, shall be held liable to refund the amount paid by tho Go- vernment for the passage-money of the porson so disqualified and in whoso favour such passage warrant may have been issued ; and such amount may be recovered by the immi- gration agent from such nominator, or original or substituted nominee, by process of law. 12\. If any person by means of porsonation wrongfully obtain a passage upon a warrant under these regulations, no or she shall be held liable to pay the whole amount of the passage-money paid or payable for such passage, or shall be Hablo to the punishment incurred by a person who shall have obtained a passage by means of personation or false representation. 13\. The number of persons who shall be permitted a passage undor this part of these regulations shall bo restricted by the amount to bo annually voted by Parliament, and the selection of emigrants during every month in the year shall in tho first iustanco bo made from England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales, in proportion to the population of such countries respectively according to tho last census for the time being ; but if at the end of any month ono full twelfth part of the funds available during such year for the purpose of immigration from tho United Kingdom shall not in the proportions afore suid have been exhausted, the residue of such twelfth part shall bo distributed without re- gard to nationality. No. , FORM A. l8 . Sir,-I hereby transmit a list of the porsons I wish to bring into the colony; from the United Kingdom. The full particulars are, to the best of my knowledge and belief, truo in every respect. I am permanently resident in Victoria, whero I hnvo been living; jears. The persons I desire to bring into Victoria, as named below, are intended to it side in Victoria, and I havo lodged with tbo the sum payable in accordance with the regulations, by which, iu consideration of tho passaga- warrant being granted to me, I undeitako in all re- spects strictly to abide and bo bound, and undeitako to_ removo the nominees from tho ship or immigration depot within the specified time, and I hereby appoint of as my agent to act -for mein substituting nominees under tho piousions of clauses 3 and 5 of these regula- tions. (Hero follows a tabular form, which has to be filled up by tho applicant under the following heads:-"Amount," "Christian name and surname at full length," "age," "whether married, single, widower, or widow," " whether friend or relativo," "trado or calling of nominees," "address at full length of tho place or post town whore living in the United Kingdom," "has tho nominee been previously in Victoria," and "country where born.") I am, sir, yours respectfully' (applicant's signature and address). Witness to signature To the Immigration Agent, Melbourno. FORM B. , Sir,-I havo the honour to enclose an ap- plication from for tho passages of tho porsons named therein. The sum of £ , as specified in the margin, has been paid into this office, and I enclo.o horowith a for the amount. requests that tho usual passage-warrant may be sent for him at I have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient servant. To the Immigration Agent, Melbourne. PAM III. ItEGÜLATIONS FOB THE INTRODUCTION OP PER- SONS SKILLED IN SPECIAL INDUSTRIES. 1\. Passage certificates, entitling to a passage from Liverpool or London, will bo issued to residents in Victoria for the introduction of persons (and, if married, their families} "skilled in the production of wine or oil, and in'-the drying or preservation of' fruit, or in other special industries, " and who have not previously resided in the colony,- upon the following conditions : 2\. Application to be made in writing to the immigration agent, specifying the number ond description of persons proposed for in- troduction, the place from whence they are to bo selected, the kind of business in which tbcy are skilled, together with the name and address of the applicant's agent ; a bond with one surety, in the form annexed, must be executed, and payment of a similar deposit as is required in respect to nominations under Part No. II. must be made. . 3. No application will, however, be enter- tained, except on the special approval of the Commissioner of Trade and Custom?. ÏOBM OF BOND. Know all men by tbeBo presents : That we are jointly and severally held and firmly bound unto Victoria, by the grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faitb, and so forth, in the sura of pounds, to be paid to the Queen aforesaid, her heirs or successors, for which payment well aud truly to be made wo bind ourselves and each of us, jointly aud severally, our and each of our heirs, executors, and ad- ministrators, and every of them, firmly by these presents, sealed with our seals. Dated this day of in the yeaT of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy.' Whereas the above-bonnden ha by letter dated made application to the immigration agent at Mel- bourne, for passage certificates in favour of certain peisons to bo brought to Victoria, pursuant to the regulations at present in torce for the introduction of skilled labourers fiom the continent of Europe into Victoria. Now the condition of tho above-written obligation is such, that if the persons specified as aforesaid shall be forwarded to Victoria, and if they shall be provided with certifi- cates from the magisterial authority of the placo or district from which they were se- lected, or other person duly authorised in that respect, to the effect thatthoy are skilled in the description of labour specified, and free from any mental or bodily defect, and o£ good chaiacter ; and if the said shall reimburse the Government of Victoria the cost of the conveyance of the said immi- grants in the event of their being declared by the board of immigration commissioners in Melbourne, on arrival, to be disqualified, then the above obligation to bo void, or else to remain and be in full force and virtue. Sealed and delivered by the above-named in the presence of THE WEATHER. Until within a week of the prosent time we have experienced a considerable amount of ?net weather, but fortunately without sustain- ing damage from floods after the fashion of our somewhat unfortunate neighbours in Now South Wales. With them there would seem to have been very little continuous dry weather for months past. Tho worst, how- ever, would now appear to be over, though, towards the end of May, Maitland was again flooded, and tho public institutions were for the time filled with refugees, who had been obliged to leave their homes. The river at Windsor was bank high, and there was also an extensive flood at South Creek. Floods also occurred at Araluen and Goulburn, as well as on the Nepean, but without doing any damage to speak of. Ten days ago another great flood took place on the Murrumbidgee, occasioning a partial reflooding of the town of Wagga Wagga. The late rains in South Australia have been of great service to the country. THE INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION IN SYDNEY. Great efforts aro being made to complete the building intended for tho forthcoming Sjdncy Intercolonial Exhibition, so that it may be opened by the date originally in- tended (Aug. 10). The contractor-Mr. J* Young, of ' Melbourne-is confident of his ability to complete it within the specified time, and the Exhibition Committee are equally sanguine that the minor arrangements will be as successfully carried out. The build- ing, when completed, will cost nearly £25,000, and will be permanently used for tho periodi- cal shows of the N.S.VV. Agricultural Society. The exhibition will resemble, to a great extent, that held in Melbourne in 180G-7, and the productions of all the colonies will, no doubt, be found, as on that occasion, side by tide. Various Melbourne firms have inti- mated their intention of sending articles for competition, and Victoria altogether will pro- bably be a large contiibutor. Messrs. Steven- son and Elliot will send a variety of carriages. Messrs. Wilkie, Kilner, and Co. will send some pianofortes of their own manufacture. Messrs. Alcock and Co. will send a sample of their fine billiard tables, and specimens of turning both in wood and ivory ; and Messrs. Paser and Simonsen will also show a billiard table. Some of tho large clothing firms will show specimens of Victorian slops, which will quite outshine anything that is done in that way in the adjoining colony. In agricul- tural implements, also, Victoria will mako a great show, as most of our implement makers intend to. be represented at this exhibi- tion. The applications for space which havo been received by the commissioners are much more numerous than was anticipated, and there appears to bo no doubt of the complete success of the affair. In connexion with this subject it may bo mentioned, that a proposal has been set on foot by Mr. J. G. Knight, for holding a manufacturers' and producers' ex- hibition in Melbourne, in a building erected by subscription. A preliminary meeting of gentlemen interested m its establishment has been held, and a prospectus adopted. It was decided that the exhibition should bo, if practicable, of a somewhat permanent kind, and that the trustees of the Public Library should be asked to grant the use of the un- occupied portion of the reserve facing Russell stieet for a period of three years, or such other time as it might remain unrequired for their own purposes. NEW ZEALAND NOTES. War operations aro virtually suspended for the present, the approach of winter necessi" tating the abandonment of tho pursuit of Te Kooti into the mountainous districts in which ho and his few followers have talton refuge Ropata, tbo nativo chief, to whose energetic action tho colonists are so much indebted, has returned, having failed to find Te Kooti, who is supposed to be hiding in the neighbour- hood of tho Waioeka gorge, but having achieved some small successes against dis- affected natives. His progress was much im- peded by rains and floods. He, however, succeeded in capturing 30 male prisoners, some of whom were engaged in tho late opera- tions against tho colonists, besides women and children, and 40 or 50 more havo volun- tarily surrendered to him or to Captain Mair. These successes are important, as they tend to weaken and discourage the Uriweiu natives, in whoso country Te Kooti bas taken refuge, and upon whom ho principally depends tor support. It is said that a great many more of the Uriweias are desirous of surrendering, but are fearful of the consequonces. Ropata promises to resume the hunt after Te Kooti in the bpring, on the same terms as before, viz , no pay if not successful. Unless secretly as-tibted by pretended fricndltes, To Kooti's supplies ought to bo exhausted, and his cap- ture rendered compaiatively easy. Some little uneasiness was occasioned some weeks back by uri petition of the rumour that the Maori King bud decided to shelter this arch-rebel, but however much he might bo inclined to do so ho is scarcely likely to precipitato another quarrel with the Government, especially as the lojnl natives would probably bo incensed at his obstinacy, and refuse to support him. Compétent observers incline to tho opinion ihat there is a better chance of a general peace bting now restored between the two race3 Iban there has been for a long timo past. There havo been within the last few months several largo meetings of natives at which the subject has buen discussed, and as far as can bo learned, opinions favourable to the re- storation of peace havo prevailed. Another meeting with this object is projected, and the result is looked for with some anxiety. Some little alarm was occasioned by tho news that early in May a number of Ilauhaus, King natives, had seized and detained the schooner ' Industry, at Aotca, and had refused to re- lease her, or allow the cargo she contained to be landed. The schooner was despatched to Aotea with necessaries required for erecting a flour-mill and opening a store there. The object of the attack can only be conjectured, though it is known that the King natives are opposed to selling or leasing their land to Europeans. It is not yet known whether the schooner has been released. A late telegram announces that Major Kemp, Major Topia, and Meto Kingi, three native friendly chiefs who have been most active in their pursijii, of Te Kooti, arrived ' froili Wanganui some-time back with Colonel M'Donnell, for the purpose of obtaining pay- ment for the services ot the Wanganui natives in the late campaign, They claim about £15,000, but Mr. Fox, the Premier, made the mistake of offering them £500 on account which they very naturally refused to accept. Topia is represented as being greatly dissatis- fied in consequence of this treatment. The difficulties connected with the survey of the Manawatu block in tho Wellington Province, and the construction of the telegraph in Auckland, havo not yet been overcome. In- terruptions in tho construction of tho tele- graph line, arising, as they chiefly do, from supposed interference with private rights of individual natives, are not regarded with much anxiety, but tho obstacles thrown in the way of the Manawatu survey are more serious, and might, if the aspect of aflairs were less peaceable than at pre- sent, give rise to much apprehension. Some time ago matters connected with the pul cb ase of this block wore brought before a special native land court, which decided, on the whole, adversely to the Hau-haus, who had endeavoured to upset the sale, and it was then hoped that the difficulty had been finally settled. Lately, howover, several at- tempts havo been made by small parties of natives to prevent the survey of tbo land. Prompt steps are being taken to carry on the survey, and prevent further interruption. The General Government promise to support the Provincial Government if necessary. The political and social news of the month contains but few items of general interest. The session of the General Assembly com- menced on the 14th inst, and its proceedings are likely to be of a highly important charac- ter. The subject of immigration is occupying attention in all parts of the colony. Re- sidents in those parts of the North Island, the progress of which was retarded by the presence of hostile natives in the immediate pioximity of European settlements, are now inviting the General Government to deal with the question of immigration, instead of leaving the various provinces to take such steps as they thought fit. The southern pro- vinces are making their own arrangements. Otago 'proposes to spend £25,000 a year on this account for three year3 ; and Canterbury Las already been making a considerable tflort. The respective advocates of provincialism and centralism are preparing for action, and it is most piobablo that the whole question of local self- government will be fully considered by Parliament. A íesolution in favour of the union of the provinces of Otago and Canter- bury has been recontly adopted in the Pro- vincial Council of the former, by a majority of 12 to 9. The adoption of a lino of mail communication is also a matter which will doubtless receive attention. The Sydney and San Francisco service is regarded as very un- satisfactory by the merchants of tho southern islands, who advocate the granting of a sub- sidy to Mr. Webb, a wealthy American ship- owner, who is willing, in consideration of a subsidy of £80,000 a year, to establish a direct line of mail steamers between the Australian colonies and San Francisco. The Govern- ment, however, decline to listen to any pro- posal involving so large a subsidy from New Zealand as Mr. Collie (Mr. Webb's agent) re- quires. Accounts from the gold-fields continue favourable, though the extraordinary excite- ment consequent on the discovery of the Thames reefs has disappeared. Gold-mining at Wangapeka and Collingwood is rapidly im- proving. Stone of great richness has been obtained, and the prospects generally are good. A rich copper lode has been discovered in the Pioneer claim, Collingwood. A CLERICAL SCANDAL IN TASMANIA. Perhaps no case which has ever been tried in Tasmania has caused so great a sensation as the action olReibey v. Blomfield, which has just been heard in the Supremo Court at Launceston. The suit was to recover £1.000 damages for libel, the plaintiff being the Ven. Thomas Reibey, the archdeacon of Northern Tasmania, the owner of an ex- tensive property at Entally, the occupier of an influential social position in Tasmania. The defendant was Mr. H. W. Blomfield, of Strath- more, who is the bon-in-law of the late Mr. Cox, of Clarendon. From the nature of the case, however, the circumstances of which were of a most painful and humiliating cha- racter, the real defendant was Mrs. Blomfield, whose reputiition, like that of the arch- deacon, was at stake. The plaintiff was in- duced to bring the action by the circulation by Mr. Blomfield of a statement, both ver- bally and in writing, the latter being in the form of a memorial to the bishop, clergy, and laity of the Church of England in Tasmania, very seriously affecting his honour. The ac- cusation made by Mr. Blomfield against the archdeacon was, that he had acted in a grossly improper manner towards his wife, in fact, to use the words employed in the pleadings, he had published the statement that "The archdeacon [meaning the plaintif!], during my absence from home made an indecent assault upon my wife" ;<and. that ho had " made an indecent and gross assault on my wife." To this the defendant put in a plea of "Not guilty, "and for a secpnd plea, said that the words " indecent assault" contained in the petition did not contain the meaning applied to them, viz. " of an attempt to commit a rape," but that the charge of improper and indecent conduct towards Mrs. Blomfield was true. The case, which was commenced on the 1st June before the Chief Justice of Tas- mania, Sir Francis Smith, occupied the atten- tion of the Court for four days. Mr. Isaacs, late Solicitor-General of New South Wales, and Mr. Adams, Solicitor-General of Tas- mania, appeared for Mr. Reibey ; while the Attorney- General (Mr. Giblin), and Mr. Adye Douglas of Launceston, appeared for Mr. Blomfield. There was no attempt on the part of the defence to offer excuses for the publication of the serious charges which had been mado against the archdeacon, but, on the contrary, the accusations were repeated in court, with all the scandalous particulars connected with them. The archdeacon, who is old enough to bo Mrs. Blom field's father, had known her from her birth, and had been most intimate with her father's family. After Mr. Cox's death he seems to have beon consulted by the widow, and was appointed ono of her executors. In the end of June, 1868, Mrs. Blomfield went on a visit to Entally, and while there, according to the evidenco given by her during the trial which a prolonged and severe cross-examin- ation did not shake in the least degree- Arch- deacon Reiboy made improper overtures to ber, which she indignantly repelled. Similar overtures were made subsequently at Strath- more, and were accompanied on one occasion with grossly indecent conduct Mrs. Blom- field stated that she wished at the time to in- form her husband of the treatment to which she had been subjected, but she feared to do so while the archdeacon was at Strathmore lest Mr. Blomfiold should take his life. Afterwards she told her sister and her hus- band of what had taken placo, and Mr. Blomfield proceeded to Entally, to accuse and upbraid the archdeacon. His ac- count of the interview which followed was that Mr. Reibey accosted him, as if no- thing had occurred, with "Well, old fel- low, but that he repelled him, motioned him to the other end of the room, and then locked the door.9 Ho then informed him that ho was aware of his " blackguard " conduct to hisvife, and added that at Mrs. Cox's re- quest (she had been informed of tho insult offend to her daughter) he should do him no violence The plaintiff then said, "Oh, Bkmfield, forgivo mo, forgive me. If ray wife heard anything of this it would kill her. If jou'U forgivo mo I'll resign the arch- deaconry and leavo the colony.' Mr. Blora fitld then left feeling,|ho said, sympathy for Mis. Reibey, and that ho should be satisfied were tho archdeacon to leave tho colony. Aichdcacon Reibey, in the witness-box, de- nied point-blank, Mrs. Blomfield's testimony. According to his story, ho was moro sinnid against than sinning. Mrs. Blomfield, ho sworo, came and sat on his kneo and kissed him, and ho then kissed her, but fur- ther than that nothing passed between them. He denied most positively that he had mado improper overtures to Mrs. Blomfield, or bein guilty of any act of indecency. With reference to the defendant's account of the icteiview at Entally, ho assorted that Mr. Blomfield did not lock the door of the room ; that ho (tho archdeacon) assured Mr. Blom Gdd no criminal act took place, and that for any imprudence he craved forgiveness for the sake of, both wives ; that Mr. Blomfield then said, "I do forgiveTyoù, may "God" forgivo you ;" and that when leaving Mr. Blomfield he/said, "Good morning." After the arch- deacon bad given his evidence, Mrs. Biotn field was re-called to contradict it. Her re- ply to Mr. Reibey's statement was :-" I swear upon roy solemn oath that it is false that I sat upon the archdeacon's knee, and that if any one says I did, be commits perjury, and so as to the assertion that I ever kissed him once." Numerous witnesses were called in the case, including the Bishop of Hobart Town, Dr. Bromby, to whom the archdeacon had made a confession o£ having been betrayed into indiscreet but not criminal or disgrace- ful, conduct. The Chief Justice, in summing up the case, made some strong remarks on the disclosures which had taken place, and on the extraordinary conflict of ovidence. "In all my experience," ho said, "I have novermet with a case so distressing as this one. Why, the details are so offensive that one seems to be threading the purlieus of the lowest haunts of vice rather than among thoso who occupy so high a social position as the parties in this cause. I regard it as a real public calamity." Referring to tho contradictory evidence, ho observed to the jury, "There must be a consciousness on your mind, as there is on mine, that the most deliberate and solemn peijury has been uttered in our ears by one side or the other, which is mostappalling." " If the verdict of the jury were given for the archdeacon," his Honour proceeded, "what must Mrs. Blorafield be ? You will say, as the Attorney-General remarked, that she com es before you with all the shamolessness of a harlot-as one having invited adultery, and with whom ? With one whom she has known from childhood as a clergyman, as the dearest, oldest, and closest friend and ad- viser of her own father, and ono she had been brought np to reverence ! You will say that she invited adultery with him, and, having failed in her temptation, had turned round - to use the appropriate though' strong expres- sion of tho Attorney-General-like a she devil on the man with whom she sought to commit adultery, and falsely and foully charged him with a vile attempt upon her chastity ? But if your verdict should be for Mrs, Blomficld, what would be its effect upon Archdeacon Reibey ? It would brand him as a hypocrite who, elevated over his brethren for the purpose, amongst other parts of his duty, of watching over their man neis and guaiding them against irregularities of life, in place of the bishop- for the arch- deacon has been defined as the eye of the bishop-himself leaves a licentious life-one who'makes the sacred garb of a clergyman the cloak to seduction-ono who betrayed the con- fidence of his oldest and dearest friend, and dishonoured his memory by seeking to corrupt the chastity of that friend's daughter, who had grown up from childhood under his own eyes, and for whom ho should have chorished feelings of paternal regard ; and, having failed in his attempt upon her virtue, resorted to the unhandsome, unmanly trick of throw- ing all the blamo upon her, and saying that it was she who attempted undue familiarity \- not he; that it was she who lusted after him, and not he after her; and whei came into the box to support that foul charge by deliberate aud solemn perjury !" The jury, after retiring, deliberated for about a quarter of an hour, and then returned into court with a verdict for the defendant. Tho announcement was received with a loud burst of applause from the spectators, which was suppressed by the officers of the court. Arch- deacon Reibey, a few days after the decision of tho jury, resigned his position in tho church. AGRICULTURE. The long summer has beon succeeded by winter almost without tho intervention of tho two or three months of fine autumn wea- ther which we usually have, Since the rain commenced, a couple of months since, there have not been moro than a very few dry days in any one week, and the country is com. plelely saturated. The tilled land is so soft that little in the way of ploughing and sowing can bo effected, and the bush tracks are so cut up that produce can scarcely be brought to market from farms at any distance from the main roads. If the heavy rains of spring gave an unusual abundance of hay and straw, a large proportion of produce of this sort is being destroyed now by tho continued wet ; much of what is being forced on the market, at a low rate, being in a state of premature decay. The autumns here are generally so. fine that the farmers seldom take much care to protect their stocks against wet, and more than the usual winter's allowance of rain has already fallen, when, in fact, the winter season should be only commencing. Steam threshing machines aro so numerous now throughout the country that the grain was all secured during the continuance of dry weather, and the statistics published last month show that the total yield was by far tho largest ever gathered in the colony. In the first place, there was an addition of 114,069 acres to the area of land under culti- vation, making in all 827,531 acres under crops of all sorts. The total area of land now enclosed is 8,054,623,three-fourths of this quantity consisting, of course, of paddocks for sheep. Of the cultivated land 288.514 acres were under wheat, an addition of 28,710 to the number of acres sown with this crop the year before. Under oats there were 144,771 acres, an increase of 29,855, anti under barley 28,115, an increase of 8,873 acres. There was also a fair increase in the extent of land under maize, rye, beans, peas, and millet, crops not much fancied here, bringing up the total extent of land under grain crops to 170,764, an increase, in the one year, of 69,834 acres. The extent of land under green crops was augumented also by 6,073 acres, the total for last year having beon 45,392, the greater portion of which, or 41,216 acres, having been under potatoes. The addition to tho extent so planted was 5,012 acres, and there were also about 1,000 additional acres under mangolds, beet, carrots, parsnips, and cabbage. Of bay, we had 140,435 acres, an increase, as compared with the year before, of 28,153. There was also a considerable increase to the area under green forage plants, and 97,248 acres are now returned as being under permanent artificial grasses, an increase of 19,549 in tho one year. There was also a fair incrcaso in the extent of land planted as gardens, orchards, and vine- yards, the number of acres in these last being now 4,938, and the number of vines 9,249,587. Looking to the produce of this greater area we find that there were no less than 10,304,299 bushels of grain of all sorts, an increase in the one year of 3,434,963 bushels. Of this total quantity there wero 5,697.056 bushels of wheat, an increase of 1,167,828; 3,761,408 buihels of oats, an incrcaso of 1,502,885 ; and of barley 670,248, an increase of moro than one-half. The other kinds of grain also show an increase in proportion to the extent to which they aie cultivated. When we arrive at the column for potatoes, it appears that the total produce was 127,645 tons, an incrcaso of 47.701. Onions aro becoming rather extensively cultivated as a field crop, so well do they succeed in one or two tracts of country, and the produce of this root last year was three times what it over was before. The quantity of hay was neariy doubled. This produce, of all sorts, is now very cheap, rather too cheap most of the farmers say, but tho abundance must be supposed to com- pensate for the low prices. The general pub- lic, as consumers, are'more than satisfied with tho present stato of affairs, and cheap bread would appear to bo assured to us for somo time to como, as the yield of Victorian wheat alone will leave a surplus of about 1,500,000 bushels over and above the con- sumption of the year ; nor is there any outlet for this at paying prices. Tho average yield of this grain for the whole colony was only two-thirds that of England, or 19'8 bushels to tho acre. Of oats wo had an average of 26 bushels, and of potatoes three tons,-a pretty good yield to the aore, considering our careless system of growing them. This is the time of year for ploughiug matches, and our colonial makers, as well as importers, are doing their best to create an interest in the double-furrow plough, bringing them out with all tho latest improvements. Their chief recommendation is the saving in the number of skilled ploughmen required, and, if they hold their ground anywhere against the single plough, they should do so heie, where good farm labourers are so scarce The contests with these ploughs, as well as trials with subsoilers, simplo and complex, bavo given a renewed interest to thoso matches, which aro now better attended again than they havo been for somo years past The affairs of the old PortPhillipSocicty are being wound up atlast, so that now the way will bo clear for tho establishment of a new society on a wider basis. There is no longer scope for a more local society at Melbourne, or work for such to do, but a properly- constituted society for the whole colony-in humble imitation of the Royal Society of England-would bo well supported. The copious falls of rain have, of course, given plenty of grass, but this is of such a watery nature, and the nights are now so long and cold, that the stock is losing rather than gaining in condition. The country being all in a very soft, wet state, and the rivers of the interior flooded repeatedly, the difficulties of travelling from a distance with fat stock have been much increased, so that the markets have not been so well supplied -for a few 'weeks past, ana the operations of the meat- preserving com- panies have been reduced for a time ; but a few weeks of better weather will render meat very plentiful again. In the interior and warmer parts of tho country the settlers aro beginning to prepare for shearing already. THE GOLD-FIELDS. The gold-fields industry has been pursuit!» a steady course during the post month, there being no especially new features to record either of success or declino. All the various gold districts, with tho exception of Ballarat, appear to bo prcgressing satisfactorily so far as i égards yields; and the Sandhurst districl>v-\ which has always been considered the socon ^ in point of importance in tbe colony, cou. tinues to exhibit the mo3t encouraging pros pects of success, the quartz mines there, in many instances, proving exceedingly rich and bidding fair, as good quartz minos gen« olly do, to give employment for a number of years. Matters on Ballarat, the metro- politan gold-field, continue in a somewhat depressed state, but hopes aro entertained that before long tho crisis which tlio dulness had brought on in trade and mining generally in the district will now speedily pass away, as many similar crises in the same district, arising from stagnation in the mining interest, have herutofore done A project was set on foot on Ballarat a short time ago for the sinking of shafts to a greater depth than they haveas yetbeen taken to, many persons being of opinion that there wero valu, able deposits of gold and other metals in tho deep ground, but the project has almost died out, either from want of capital, or from tho indisposition which just at present exists in the public mind to speculate in gold prospect ng. The district of Berlin, which during tho ast l8 or 20 months has surpassed any gold field hitherto discovered for tho heavy cha- racter of its gold, and has earned for itself tho name of the "Nuggetty Diggings," has this month given another proof of tho richness of its ground, and its pre-eminence in the nuggot line. A lump of gold was found thero by two men in a claim the other day, which weighed 931b. Doz. 15dwt, regarding which and Berlin generally a local paper writes as follows : " Its weight is 831b. 5oz. lödwt; length, 12in.; height at highest solid part, Gin. : at lowest, -Jin. ; circumference of centre, 15iin. ¡ circumference of small end, 13in. ; of large end, lûin. ; circumference lengthwise, taken by the sides, 32jfin. ; by the top and bottom, 28in. It was found by Mr. Solomon, a store- keeper, and his son-in-law, a working mato, in a claim situated in John's paddock, not far from Mr. Solomon's store, between whom alone its value will be shared. This splendid pi izo, as might be expected, has only con- firmed the faith of the miners in the lichness of the Berlin field, although it is, in fact, but another addition to a list of large nuggets which stands unrivalled in the history of our gold- fields, as the following statement will show :-Berlin was opened towards the latter part of 1808, and since that time-a period of only two years-the following largo nuggets havo been unenrthed, besides thousands of smaller ones of which no noto is kept : Two weighing 151b. each, ono of 171b., one of 191b., four of 201b. each, ono of 221b" one of 241b., one of J7Ib., two of 401b., one of 431b., one of 601b., one of 671b, aud now ono of 931b. 5oz. 15dwt. It is acurious circumstanco in connexion with Solomon's claim, that it had been worked by several parties previously, none of whom had been able to make it pay, and it had been offered for sale to the China- men, who. however, refused to buy, as they stated it had been no good to Englishmen, and would, therefore, be no good to China- men, and Solomon had to work it himself becauso ho could get no one else to do so on satisfactory terms." It is not often that lumps of gold of any large size aro obtained in quartz reefs, but during the past month a very welcomo find of this nature was made in the claim of the Argus Company, situate in Sailors' Gully, in the Sandhurst district. The specimen when unearthed weighed 241b., and when beaten up and retorted it returned 151b. weight of gold, or 180oz., of the value of over £700. The prospects of the Argus claim aro most encouraging to the shareholders, seeing that the specimen just named is not alone, but that many others of smaller dimensions, although equally rich in proportion, are found frequently, nnd the crushings are ex- pected to surpass any tho company havo yet sent in, A nugget was found in the Castlemaine district about three weeks ago, weigh- ing 215oz. It was sold to a bank by a small party of men, who declined to give any clue to the place where they found it. Some new gold-workings have boen dis- covered on the New South Wales side of the River Murray, at Mittagong, about 50 miles from Victoria, at which, according to the latest accounts, about 400 men were working, with fair prospects of success. A payablo gold-field has, it is thought, judging from reports, also been found on the Talgarno run, about 15 miles from Wodonga, on the Vic- torian side of the River Murray. DIAMOND MINING. Wet weather has continued until a very recent date to interfere with mining opera- tions at Mudgee, and we do not hear of tho search for diamonds being prosecuted in any other district. The operations at Mudgee appear to bo becomiug gradually more extensive ; but the interruptions caused by tho rains havo really been serious-in some cases necessitating, it is stated, a possiblo stoppage of work for a month or more. At the same time, the rate at which new ground continues to be taken up indicates the confidence that enterprising persons have in the resources of the district Ope- rations aro still principally confined to Two-mile-flat, A diamond weighing 10 grains was picked up amongst some tailings from an auriferous claim at that place about three weeks ago. Tho diamond discoveries of New South Wales formed one of the sub- jects of a paper lately read beforo the Royal Society of New South Wales by the Rev. W. B. Clarke, the eminent geologist, who is dis- posed to rank the colony very high as a dia- mond-producing country, but considers that, as j et, capital has not been applied in the way most likely to lead to the best results, and points out that, on the whole, the gems dug out of the ground have been of small value, and greatly inferior to what he thinks are to be obtained. MEAT-PRESERVING. The most important ovent to be recorded this month in connexion with this industry is tho proposal to establish a new meat-pre- serving company at Ballarat The successful manner in which the operations ofj,the Mel- bourne Meat-Preserving Company have been conducted suggested the idea of establishing branch factories in tho most suitable parts of the colony, and a proposal to this effect was submitted to an extraordinary meeting of shareholders, held at the beginning of this month. Tho meeting being especially called to consider the advisability of establishing a branch factory at Ballarat, tho chairman, Mr. H. N. Loughnan, moved that tho capital of the company should be increased £25,000 by the issue of 5,000 new shares of £5 each, such capital to bo applied to the establishment of a branch factory at Ballarat; the new shaies to bo offered for sale at a premium of £1 per share, such premium to bo carried to the profit and loss< of the company. In support of the resolution, it was urged that Ballarat was the second market in tho colony for fat stock, and that tho sheep arrived.there in better condition than they did in Melbourne ; that as the people of Ballarat were determined to have a meat- pieserving company established there, it would be better to have a branch factory than a rivol one, and that, by having one largo company, the necessary labour could bo better and moie economically managed. A considerable amount of opposi- tion was shown to this scheme, and even- tually the motion was negatived. The Balla íat peoplo wero, however, not discouraged, und havu taken steps to establish an indepen- dent company in their own town. ' From .statistics adduced at a meeting held for that purpose, it appears that the average number of cat tie yarded in 18C9 was 547 per week, and sheep 10,215 per week, while the ordinary consumption of sheep was not more than G,C0O per week, showing a largo surplus avail-, able for meat-preserving purposes. It was further shown that during the first five months of 1809, the weekly average was 602 head of cattle, and 10,276 sheep, as compared with 638 head of cattle, and 10,823 sheep, the weekly average stock yarded during the cor- responding period of 1&10\. It was unani- mously resolved to establish the company, and a committee waB appointed to make arrange- ments. The capital will most probably be £25,000. At a subsequent meeting it was de- termined to accept, contingent on tho com- pany being floated, the offer of Mr. Edding- ton, the proprietor of a meat-preserving es- tablishment at Windermere, to sell his bust ?ness arfd-prerriisoB to the company for £6.000, £4.000 to ms-paid in bills, and the remainder jn 800 8b ares paid-up to £2 10s. a share. About 1,800 shares have been already taken np and it was resolved to commonco work as soon as two-thirds of tho remaining 3,200 ?were allotted. It is probable that the pro- posed lino of railway to Hamilton vid Ararat -will pass within half a milo of the company's establishment, and thus afford great facili -ties for carrying on operations. Tho companies already engaged in tho pro- secution of the new industry appear to bo making steady progress, and the competition tbey aro subjected to will no doubt force thom to keep up their production to the standard of oxcellenoe that first obtained thom popu- larity. The Victoria Meat-preserving Com jpany has received a flattering acknowledge /ment of the excellent quality of its preserved meats from Mr. M. G. Anstey, the paymaster of II.M.S. Challenger, to which ship the company recently supplied a large quan- tity of preserved beef and mutton. On opening tho casks, Mr. Anstey says, the meat turned out in excellent condition, being sweet, firm, and nice-tasting, and had given great satisfaction to the ship's company. Mr. Anstey added, that ho considered it far superior to tho oidinary salt beef and tin irieat supplied to the navy. Tho Warrnam- bool Company aro sending 854 cases of meat to England by the ship Asia, and tho Echuca Company havo resolved to increase their capital to £30,000. Professor Gamgeo has wntten to The Argus with respect to experi- ments in the transportation of meats cured by Lia process. Ho states that the meats cured by bim in the United States and in London had repeatedly crossed tho Atlantic, been eaten in the tropics, and resisted putrefactive changes to an extent as great as tho most fastidious could desire. With the view of dcteimining tho best method of packing for long voyages as speedily as possible, it had been decided to send beef and mutton to different paris of the Australian colonies and jn several different forms. With that view sheep and large joints of beef had been for- warded in canvas, in deal boxes, casks, metal cases, and various kinds of packing matei ¡al, with the knowledge that some would £0 in good condition and some might not. It would be undoubtedly unfair to hastily con- demn this process, the preservative qualities of wbiclibavebeennbuudantlyshownundermoro favourable circumstances, merely because ono ortwo experimental consignments havo failed to stand the test of tho exceptionally long toyngc to Australia. Tho samples of meat preserved at tho Royal Victualling Yard, Deptford, which are expected by the Corona, are looked for with interest, as they will afford an opportunity of comparing the most approved English. mode of preparation with the various colonial methods in use. Meat-pre- serving in the other colonies is not prosecuted with nearly the same vigour that is exhibited in Victoria. An attempt is being made to establish a company in Sydney, but as yet only two-thirds, of the shares havo been taken up. The site of the works is not yet decided on, but will probably be between Petersham and Homobuhh, both places being in the neighbourhood of Sj dney and on the railway line. THE LABOUR MARKET. During the last month there has beon a rather slack demand for labour in most trades. This has been owing in a measure to the completion of many of the large con- tracts in Melbourne and the suburbs ; and, as we aro now in the depth of winter, thore ure not m any fresh works commenced. This bas been the cause of a considerable number of tiadesmen being temporarily out of employ- ment, and advantage has been taken of this fact at all the meetings held for the purpose of discouraging immigration, to represent the existing temporary depression as the ordinary state of the labour market. At these meet- ings statements are constantly made with re- gard to the number of persons out of employ- ment in the various trades, entirely at va- riance with the facts. One speaker at a public meeting stated that so great was the depression in -trade, that one large clothing manufacturers' firm had lately discharged 640 girls from their employment in one day : and, at the sarso time, we are assured on the best authority, that no individual firm in Melbourne or the suburbs has em- ployed more than 350 hands, malo and fe- male, during the last year. As a rule, really good tradesmen can always find ready employ- ment ; but a large portion of our artisans have only taken up a trade, and not boen brought up tradesmen ; hence, whenever business gets Black these men, who, according to the rule of the trade, receive as much wages as the best men, are discharged. At present the demand for ordinary labourers is slack, owing to the wet weather and the temporary stoppage of many large public woiks. As soon as the railworks are com- menced there will bo a large demand for la- bouring men. The continued rain has also seriously interfered with farming operations, the land being too wet to get the crop in. ribc demand for household servants has been met pretty fairly, and the rates are main- tained. Domestic Servants for Town.-House- maids, £-20 to £30 per annum ; female cooks, £35 to £40 per annum ; male do., 20s. to 60s. per week ; nursemaids, £20 to £30 per an- num ; laundresses, £30 to £40 per annum. lor Hotels.-Cooks, male and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per.do. ; grooms, 15s. to 20s. per week. For Stations.-First-class married couples lor home stations, £60 to £80 per annum ; second class do., £50 to £00 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £50 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; nursemaids, £25 to £30 per do. ; grooms, £40 to £55 per do. For Farms -Cooks, £30 to £40 per annum ; married couples, £40 to £50 per do. ; aeneral female servants, £30 to £35 per do. Station Hands.-Married couples for out stations, £-10 to £50 per annum ; shephords, Jirst-class, £35 to £45 do. ; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 do. ; general station hands, los. per week ; 'lads, 10s. per week. Farm Servants.-Ploughmen, 16s. to 20s. per week ; horse-drivers, 15s. to 20s. do. ; ?oidinary farm labourers, 12s. to 14s. All tbo above servants are fed and lodged by Hie ir employers. Where rations are given, the following is the scale per week allowed in Victoria :-101b. to 121b. meat (beef or mutton), 101b. flour, 21b. sugar, and iib. tea. The following wages for skilled labourers -and other tradesmen are without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Among stonemasons, brick lajeis, plasterers, and carpenters, an arrange- aient has been made with the employers that the rato of wages shall bo 10s. per day ; builders' labourers (hodmen), 7s. per day ; ?pick and shovel men, 6s. per day. Tailors.-In first class establishments good 'men are scarce, and constant work is to bo had at tho average of from £3 to £3 15s. per week. In second-class establishments the average earnings aro from £2 10s. to £3. In factories, tailors, best bands, average £210s. Tailoresses can earn as follows :-Trouser and vest hands, 30s. per week ; coat do., 35s. ; prossers, £2. Clothing Machinists.-Best, 30s. por week ; ordinary, 20s. ; shirtmakers (machinists), Rirls, 12s. 6d. to 17s. ; cutters, 15s. 6d. to 30s. ; finishing, 2s. to 6s. per doz. Bootmakers.-In tho best establishments, for bespoke work, the rates paid aro as fol- low :-Wellingtons, 14s. 6d. ; elastics, 12s. ; closing, 8s. ; riding boots, back strap, 24s. In factories good workmen can earn from £2 to £2 15a. per wtek at slop work. Ordinary hands earn £2 per week. Cabinetmakers.-In the best shops the average earnings for eood tradesmen are 9s. pcr-day ; first-class bands in upholsterers earn from £3 to £4 per week. In second-class establishments and factories the best hands carn 10s. per day ; up-holsterers, 93. to 10s. ; polishers, 8s. ta 9n. ; saw-mill hands, 10a. per day of eight hours. Work in this trado is rather dull at present, Iron Founders, Smiths, &c-Smiths; aro paid per hour, and good men can eatn on an average 10s. to 14s. per day; fitters, 9s. to 12s. ; turners, 14s. ; moulders, 11s. to 14s. ; pattern-makers, 10s. to 13s. ; mechanical .engineers, 12s. to 14s. Shoeing smiths earn on an average £2 10s. per week of 10 hours per day. Stevedores' Men_Lumpers and wool atowcrs are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, 16s. "'bo rato nover alters, but there is often a ]ood deal of broken time. Donkey- engine dnvcrs, about SA per week ; engineers in tow boats, £16 per month. Painters.-Ordinary hands get 8s, per day, out work is not very steady in this trade. Watch Jobbers.-There is a fair demand for steady workmen at £4 per week. Jewellers, .enamellcrs, and single engravers would find ready employment at remunerative wages. Coopers.-Most of tho work in this trade is done by the piece ; the waees fixed by the trade are 10s. per day of 10 hours. Carriago Builders.-Good workmen are «careo in all branches of this trade, and can get constant employment at from £3 to £1 Per week. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week. Saddlers and Harnessmakers.-The best hands in this trade earn £3 per week -time, 10 hours per day ; second class (mostly young men), 25s. to 30s. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremon) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trade is 10 hours per day. . Gardeners.-First-class men-without ra- tions-for situations near town, get 50s. to 60s. per week, but tho demand for best hands is very limited ; do. for country, 50s. ; second class do., near town, 36s. to 42s. per week ; third class for country (with rations), 15s. to 20?. Butchers,-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 40s. per week ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per do. each, with boaTd and lodging. The hours in this trado are long. Plumbers and Gosfitters.-Good tradesmen find ready employment in this trade, and earn £3 per week of eight hours per day. Minors.- The averngo rate for miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight hours' shift ; breaksmcn got a slightly higher rate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz miners in deep sinking, for pit-work, got £2 10s. ; ordinary quartz-minors, £2 5s. and £2, according to the character of tho work ; engi- neers get from £3 10s. to £3 ; ordinary labourers, 5s. to 6s. 6d. per day. In Bendigo a great deal of tho mining is done on tribute. The rates for Bendigo and Ballarat aro generally accepted throughout the country as the criterion for quartz and alluvial miners' wages. RAILWAY RETURNS. The traffic returns for the Victorian Rail- ways for the week ending the 9th June show a slight falling off in the receipts derived from the carriage of passengers, and a considerable reduction in the returns for the carriage of goods, as compared with the corresponding week of last year, for which no doubt the very unfavourable weather we have experi- enced of late may in a groat measure account. The return for the carriage of passengers amounts to £2,807 83. Ud. as against £2,900 8s. 8d. last year, showing a falling off of £98 19s. 9d. In the return for the carriage of goods and minerals the amount received for the week is £6,055 9s. 7d, as against£7,160 12s. 4d. for the corresponding period lastyear, showing a falling off in this branch of the revenuo of £1,105 2s. 9d. For the carriago of cattle the receipts aro £985 10s., as against £326 Ila. Id. last year, showing an increase in favour of the present year of £658 I83. lid. The total receipts for the week amount to £10,373 15s. 2d., as against £10,842 7s. 9d. last year, showing a falling off of £4G8 12s. 7d. as compared with the receipts for the same period last year. The aggregato amount to the 9th June is £244,209 5a. lid., as against £247,800 lGs. 8d. to the 10th Juno last 3 ear, showing a difference of £3,597 10s. 9d. in favour of last year, with one extra day's traffic. The weekly average for 23 weeks is £10,617 15s. 10d., as against £10,774 4s. 2d. last year, showing a weekly falling off of £15G 8s. 4d. as compared with last year. Tho gi oss returns from tholst January in the follow mg years are-to 7th June, 1866, £242,544 17s. 2d.; to 13th June, 1807, £238,514 2s. 6d.; to 11th Juno. 1868. £249,816 4s. 9d.; to 10th June, 1869, £247,800 lGs. 8d,; to 9th June, £244,209 5s. Ud. The returns from tho Melbourne and Hob son's Bay United Railway Company also show a falling off in the amount derived for tho carriage of goods for tho month ending 9th June, as compared with the corresponding period last year. The passenger traffic, how- ever, shows a slight increase, tho returns for the four weeks being £6,607 3s. 2d., as com- pared with £6,344 14s. 9d., the return for last year, showing an increase of £262 8s. 5d. The receipts for the carriage of mer- chandise amount to £3,757123. 2d, as against £4,314 5s. 6d. lastyear, showing a falling off in this branch of traffic of £55G 13s. 4d. The total returns for tho month aro £10,364 los. 4d., as against £10,659 0s. 3d. last year, showing a reduction of £29153. Ud. in the returns for the month. The aggregato returns from the 1st January to 9th Juno amount to £G2,G79 5s. 3d , as against £02,118 10s. Gd. ; the aggregato returns to 10th June last year showing an increase of £360 14s.. 9d. The weekly average is £2,742 4s. 3d. as" against £2,700 11s. 9d,, showing a weekly in- crease of £1113s. 6d. CAPTURE OF POWER, THE BUSH- RANGER. The bushranger, Power, whoso many rob- beries, extending over a considerable num- ber of months, have obtained for him no little notoriety, has at length been apprehended. From the barefaced way in which ho at times «pursued his lawless calling, and the immunity he appeared to enjoy, people were led to cost some blame on the police force, but the gal- lant manner in which tho capturo was effected has quite redeemed their character. Super- intendents Nicolson and Hare and Sergeant Montford were the men who mado the cap. ture. The authorities seem to have learned that Power was entrenched somewhere in the ranges at the head of the King River, between Mansfield and Wangaratta ; and a party, con- sisting of the officers mentioned, accompanied by a guide and black tracker, started from Benalla on tho 29th May in search of him. They wero searching among the ranges 14 miles from the Glenmore Rango, and making inquiries from the morning of Thursday, tho 2nd Juno, until the evening of the following Saturday, when, as soon as it becamo dark, it being necessary to move about with the ut- most secresy, they started for Glenmoro Range. A houso occupied by a sottler named Quinn, so situated as almost to prevent any one from passing on to the Glenmoro without being seen, was to bo leached at midnight. The King River lay on one sido of Quinn's, and several deep and dangerous lagoons on the other. Owing to the darkness of the night and the shortcomings of the guide, the party got involved among the lagoons, and their object was well nigh frustrated ; but sticking perseveringly to their work, they got i-afely past Quinn, as day was breaking. Half way up Glenmore range, at half-past 7 n.m., they carne upon a hollow tree, which liad evidently been used as a sleeping placo, and at the samo time tho black tracker saw smoke about 300 yards further up tho moun- tain. Proceeding swiftly on, they carno upon a quantity of green bushes that screened a gunyah, which they immediately, "rushed," and Power was discovered lying inside, with his clothes on, a revolver by his side, and a gun close.by his head. Ho had no time to offer resistance, and could only say that ho was sorry he had not heard them coming, otherwiso he would havo " dropped" one of them, as he would havo preferred being shot dead to being taken alive. The gunyah contained a largo supply of bread, meat, tea, sugar, and vegetables; and the party wero very glad, having been 24 houTS without food, and two days previously on short allowance, to avail themselves of the bushranger's hospitality. During the whole time tho hardships the party underwent wore considerable With tho exception of Thurs- day it rained incessantly, and their difficulties were considerably enhanced by the caution they had to observe, which necessitated the adoption of the most difficult and secluded routes, They had only taken provisions sufficient for two meals per mau, were unable to obtain further supplies, and wore moreover without any kind of shelter for the wholo period, while the idea of lighting a fire was of course out of the question. No delay took place in tho conveyance of Power to Wangaratta, and afterwards to letchworth, where ho was lodged in gaol. His arrival at the latter placo caused much excitement among tho townspeople. Power is described as a halo, athletic looking man, although past the meridian of life, with grisly hair and beard, and certainly not of such an appearance as one would expect a bushranger to have. Upon being asked why he did not clear out of the country, he said ho wanted to make a haul to keep him in his old days. He said ho should not havo been caught had he not trusted to the honour of somo body else. Ho admitted having committed numerous robberies, but stated that many persons had reported themselves as robbed by him without tho slightest foundation. Among his exploits wero tho sticking up of one of a party out in search of him, and.on another occasion the sticking-up of a police constable, whom he took at a disadvantage, and deprived of his revolver. According to his own story, ho had a narrow escape once of being apprehended by the police. Power has been committed for trial, on four charges, by the Beechworth Bench, viz , for highway robbery under arms on the Buckland road, near Porepunka, on the 7th May, 1869 ; nighway robbery uuder arms from Thomas Oliver'f bornai", near tho samo place, on the same dato ; highway robbery under arms at Buckland Gap, on tho 28th August ; and highway robbery under arms from John Hughes, on tho samo day, near tho same place. The third charge related to the stick- ing- up of the Buckland mail coach and pas- sengers, besides several other persons, nino in all, some of whom he kept bailed up for three hours within five miles of Beechworth. SPORTING. Since last mail there have been three suburban race meetings held, all of which were well patronised. The Essendon meet- ing carno off on the 21st May. The course i was fearfully heavy, the horses often sinking over the fetlocks in tho stiff holding clay. Valentino won the Hurdle Race. The Essen- don Handicap fell to Monkey, who went through tho dirt as if he liked it. The Farmers' Purse fell to Hermit, after a capital race. The Steeplechase was a very severe one, the ground being so heavy that in many places the horses could hardly get out of a walk. Canary led until coming to the lane into the winning paddock, when Narcisse passed him, and won pretty easily. The Croxton-park meeting was hold on the Queen's Birthday. The weather was beautifully fino, but tho racing was anything but good. Many of the horses engaged had evidently not re- covered from the effects of straining through the deep ground at Essendon on the previous Saturday. The Maiden Plato was won by Musi dora, beating four others. Tho Selling Handi- cap was won pretty easily by Hermit, the only horse upon whom Saturday's work did not seem to have told. The winner was sold to Mr. Learmonth for £45, and is destined for India. The Croxton-park Handicap was won by Saladin, none of the others being able to come near him. The Soiling Race was won by Gasometer, after a capital race with Chance. The Caulfield races, the last meeting of the season, was held on the 29th ult., and though the course is possessed of nono of the conveni- ences usually found on a racecourse, yet it was certainly the most enjoyable suburban meeting of the year. The Hurdle Race was an easy victory for Valentino. The Prahran Handicap was a great disappointment. Sala- din was kept so far back by his jockey that when he was let out it was impossible for him to win. Ho showed a great turn of speed, and came in a close second. The winnor was Yellow Jack. There were only three horses in the Steeplechase. Bondo, the winnor, and Narcisse both fell, the latter breaking his jockey's collar-bone. Tartar baulked, and lost so much ground that ho was out of tho race. Iho jumping was very bad through- out. The betting on. the Melbourne Cup, the gi eat handicap race of the Victorian turf, has been much more languid than in previous years. The entries aro uncommonly good, there being no less than 72 nominations, in which the sister colony of Now South Wales is worthily represented by 27 horses, most of whom are of high lineage and good perform- ance. Tasmania sends seven entries, South Australia two. Queensland and New Zealand one each. Tue other entries for the ensuing racing season aro equally good, and show a great increase over the numbers entered last year. Tho Ascot Vale Stakes has double the number entered last year, there being no less than 27 youngsters entered, by the following sires :-Maribyrnong, Stockownor, Ace of Clubs, Panic, Boiardo, Camden, South Aus- tralian, King Alfred, Vagabond, Abd-el Kador, and Touchstone. There aro 53 entries for the Deiby, 51 for the St. Leger, and 29 for the Oaks. The hunting season is now fairly com- menced, and the meets of tho Melbourne, Ballarat, Sebastopol, and Mordialloc hounds aro regularly advertised. Some very severo accidents have happened from the difticultcha îacterof thofencing. On the4thinst. a gentle- man, while out with the Melbourne hounds, put a young horse at a very heavy three rail fence on the railway line, and was thrown with such forco that both his arms wero biokcn. On the 11th inst., the Melbourne Hunt went down to Werribeo-park by special train, on tho invitation of Mr. Chirnsido, to hunt an outlying red deer. Tho deer was soon found, and after a few turns through the plantations he broke out acrosä the open country, heading for Point Cook, and for 10 miles tho hounds were closo upon bira, being nearly tho whole distance running in view. Fortunately for the field, a check occurred here, as the severe pace and the heavy stato of the country was beginning to tell on the horses. Tho deer then headed in the direction of Melbourne, crossed the Geelong railway, and two large creeks, one of which was ex- tremely dangerous. He then went through the village of Footscray, crossed the Mount Alexander railway and the Maribyrnong pad- docks, swam the Saltwater River, and was lost. The deer was found at 10 minutes after 10 o'clock, and it was 2 o'clock in the after- noon when the hounds were whipped off, and during the whole time only three checks oc- curred. The pace was severe throughout, and the jumping, towards the latter part of the hunt, very difficult. It is creditable to the Australian horses, as well as riders, to say that out of the 26 horsemen who witnessed the start, 24 were up when the hounds ware whipped off. Tho distance traversed has been variously estimated, but could not be under 30 miles. THE THEATRES. The principal event in the theatrical circles of Victoria during the month has been the début of Mrs. Charles Mathews, The engage- ment of Mr. Charles Mathews had previously proved very satisfactory to the management of the Thcatro Royal, to Mr. Mathews, and also to the public ; but as it drew near an end, after a long run, the audiences began to flag somewhatasiegardednumbers, Mrs.Mathews was then announced to appear, and as her high reputation had preceded her to tho colony, tho public were disposed to give her a kindly reception. She appeared on the first night as Harriet Routh, in "Black Sheep," and as the Countess de L'Espalier, in A Comical Countess, " and the impression she made was of the most favourable character, her representation of the countess causing her to be at once classed as the most charming comedienne that had ever appeared in the colony. On the following ovening she re- presented Medea, in the burlesque of the "Golden Fleece," in which part sho achieved a grand success, and made it only a matter of regret that sho had not appeared earlier in tho Mathews season, From that night until the closo of tho season, which continued for five nights longer, Mr. and Mrs. Mathews continued to attract good houses, both of them sustaining tho very high opinion which the theatro-going portion of the public had previously formed of them. On Friday, the 3rd June, Mr, and Mrs. Mathews brought the season to a close, tho performances being for the benefit of Mrs. Mathews, who was rewarded with a house crowded from floor to ceiling. The pieces presented were-"London Assurance," in which Mrs. Mathews sustained the part of Lady Gay Spanker, and Mr, Mathews his original character of Dazzle ; and the bur- lesque of the " Golden Fleece." Between the piecesMr.Mathows appeared before thecurtain, and thanked the public for the support he had received during the season of two months in which he had performed, aud stated that the season had been quite successful, notwith- standing that the prices were raised to moot the expenses consequent on his engagement. He concluded his speech as follows :-" Ladies and Gentlemen,-Before quitting the colony I shall have tho pleasure of paying you another short visit, and of then taking back with mo tho roost lively remembrance of my sojourn in Melbourno. Mrs. Mathows is also, I can assure you, mostgrateful for the signal marks of approbation which havo been bestowed upon her by tho public and the press, and in both our names I thank you, and bid you for the present farewell." Mr. Mathews has sii.co boon starring at Ballarat, where the season commenced under favourablo auspices. Since the close of the Mathews season the Royal has beon occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Bandmann. Tho latter had not previously performed in Melbourno, but favourablo ac- counts had preceded her from Sydney, the metropolis of the neighbouring colony of New South Wales. Mrs. Bandmann has since ap- peared as Juliet in "Romeo and Juliot," Paulino in "Tho Lady of Lyons," Beatrice in "Much Ado About Nothing," Portia in "The Merchant of Venice," Mrs. Hallor in "The Strangor," and other characters, and has earned tho reputation of being an nxcollent and painstaking actress. The season has not so far been so successful in a managerialpoint of view as the managers might have wished, but tho company has recently boon strength- ened hy additions from tho Princess's Theatre, and perhaps better audiences may be secured. At the close of tho last mail the Princess's Theatre was, occupied with Mr. nalliday's adaptation of Little Ecn'ly, from Dickons's novel of David Copperfield, which, with tho assistance of the sisters Duvalli in ballet farces, was performed until it had run four weeks. Tho theatre was then kept open with fair success for a short time with other pieces, in which Mr. W. B. Gill, who has recently re- turned from India, took a prominent part. It was, however, closed about a week ago, Miss Rose Evans, who was engaged by Mr. Haiwood in England, and who had becomo a favourite with a certain portion of the pub- lic, having retired from the company on tho grounds, as stated by her, that she was not provided with sufficient appliances to carry out her part of stage directress, and that she was engaged in London to perform only at tho Theatre Royal. The matter is likely to occupy the attention of a court of law. The Haymarket Theatre has been opened spasmodically during portions of the month, hut neither the pieces presented nor tho per- formers were such as could compete with the entertainments given at the other theatres, and little else than a succession of failures has been tho result. , A very successful entertainment was given on the evening of May 31, at the Theatre Royal, in aid of the fund for erecting alms houses for old colonists. Mr. Mathews ap- peared as Mr. Dodgson in "The Contested Election," and Mr. G. Coppin took the part ofPeckover. Tho afterpiece was "TheGoldon Fleece." in which Mrs. Mathews sustained the part of Medea. The Lyster and Smith'Opera Company aro expected to roturn to the Royal in the course of a short timo to commence another season, which it is expected will prove very successful, a number of fresh operas being announced as likely to bo produced. A complimentary concert was given on the 30th May, in the Prahran Town-hall, to Mrs. Cutter, a lady who has recently arrived in the colony. Mrs. Cutter had shortly before the concert sung at a German Liedertafel enter- tainment, and there had succeeded in obtain- ing the most favourable opinions of all who listened to her. The concert at Prahran was largely attended by persons anxious to ascer- tain tho value to be attached to the reports of the lady's powers, and she fully sustained all that had boen stated of her. The audience, when the concert was over, loft with the unanimous opinion that Mrs. Cutter ?» as superior in voice and talent to every lady singor who had preceded her in the colony. Miss Haidee Heller, the sister of Mr. Robert Helier, magician and musician, who has for some time been attracting-in conjunction with Miss Heller-very largo audiences in Melbourne and other towns in the colony, took a benefit, prior to her departure for England, on Tuesday night last, in tho Princess s Theatre. The benefit was abumper, the theatre being insufficient to hold the crowds who went to it, and the entertain- ment-which consisted of conjuring, second sight tricks, and musical performances-was highly successful. AMUSEMENTS. There has been literally nothing doing in the way of athletic sports during tho month beyond the carrying out of matches at foot- ball, which is now in full swing. It has been definitely fixed that the 30U yards race be- tween Hewitt, the English champion, and Harris, the Australian champion, shall talco placo m Melbourno on the 23th inst. The race is one of a series of five of which Harris and Hewitt have won two each, and it is looked upon with some interest here, in the light of its being the final trial for the championship as between England and Aus- tralia. To-day there aro to be some sports, weather permitting, on the Melbourno Cricket-ground, the principal event being a Ten-Mile Race for a cup valuo £15, with £75 added, and the championship of the Australian colonies. The competitors are Mat Higgins, of Melbourno, and Alfred Austin, of Sydney. DEATHS IN TnE MELBOURNE HOS- PITAL. The following is the list of tho deaths that have taken placo in the Melbourne Hospital since our lastlsummary, specifying, as far as is known, the names of tho deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in Hie colony, the names of the vessols in which they arrived, and tho causes of death : Armstrong, George, storeman, aged 32. native of Ireland ; arrived in 1851 by the Suldanha ; died Juno 2, of chronic alco- holism. Bariett, James, farmer, aged C3, native of Buckinghamshire ; arrived in 1865 by the Mermaid ; died Juno 9, of fracture of tho typonin. Beeching, Margaret aged 43, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1854 by the Prince Albert ; died May 27, of ulcer os uteri. Brown, James, wine cooper, aged 57, nativo of Cork : arrived in 1853 by the Asia ; died May 27, of epilepsy. Batho, Sarah, aged 41, nativo of Woolwich : arrived in 1861 by. the Countess of Elgin ; died June 8, of debility. Deslisle, Alfred, traveller, aged 31, nativo of Dublin ; arrived in 1855 by the Westmin- ster ; died May 25, of pneumonia. Diggins, Patrick, miner, aged 33, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1860 by the Red Jacket ; died Juno 4, of phthisis. Driscoll, Dennis, labourer, aged 25, native of Cork ; arrived in 1S66 by the Wellesley ; died Juno 1, of phthisis. Dwyer, Edmund, carter, aged 26, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1866 by the Wallasia ; died June 7, of fracture. Eburne, John, quarryman, aged 53, nativo of Warwickshire ; arrived in 1817 by the Fly- ing Fish ; died May 25, of abscess of liver. Gaylor, Robert, butcher, aged 48, nativo of Somersetshire ; arrived in 1858 by the Great Britain ; died Juno 13, of ulcer of tho leg. Haddock, Amelia, aged 38, native of Hert- fordshire ; arrived in 1868 hy the Hannah More ; died June 11, of typhoid fever. Hill, Wm., shipwright, aged 40, nativo of North umbeiland ; arrived in 1854 by tho Medway; died May 25, of exhaustion, Johnston, Mary Ann,.aged 27, native of Birmingham ; arrived in 1858 by tho Carolina; died Juno 4, of phthisis. Leonard, Thomas, labourer, aged 30, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1S30 by the Ocean Chief ; died June 11, of phthisis. M'Grath, Martin, blacksmith, aged 20, nativo of Ii eland ; arrived in 1830 by tho Courier ; died Juno 6, of phthisis. Price, Daniel, blacksmith, aged 30, nativo of Scotland ; arrived in 185G by tho Charles ; died June 10, of disease of liver. Reynolds, Mary Ann, aged 35, native of London ; arrived in 1S33 by the Chariot of Famo ; died MaylG, of burns. Shuicy, Wm., baker, aged 26, native of Pim- lico ; anived in 1853 by tho Hanover ; died Juno 7, of phthisis. Turner, Daniel, seaman, aged 43, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1850 by the Glen Barton; died May 27 of bydidia of liver. Thompson, Nicholas, seaman, aged 50, na- tive of Northumberland ; arrived in 1856 by the Reliance ; died June 4, of pneumonia. .Thompson, Scott, minor, aged 35, native of the Shetland Islands ; arrived, in 1858 by the Bi es ton ; died Juno 4, of phthisis. Vickers, Maria Louisa, agod 47, native of London ; arrived in 1852 by tho Himalaya ; died May 29, of dysentery. Wilson, James, lumper, aged 37, native of the United States ; arrived in 1869, ship un- known ; died June 4, of phthisis. Walsh, Eliza, domestic, aged 27, native of Liverpool; arrived in 1860 by tho Lady Appleton ; diod June 5 of phthisis. Whittington, James, carriage-builder, aged 66, native of Norwich ; arrived in 1857 by the Eldorado ; died Juno 12, of asthma. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The P. and O. Co.'s R.M.S.S. Avoca, Cap- tain A. B. Farquhar, after taking on board her mails, gold, specie, and cargo, and embarking her passengers, loft Hobson's Bay on her outward passago punctually at 2 o'clock on the afternoon of tho 22nd ult. The mails for England via San Francisco were despatched to Sjdnoy on the 25th ult. Tho R.M.S.S. Geelong, Captain R. T. Dun- das, arrived in the bay on tho 5th inst. from Point do Gallo, after a very rapid passage. Tho Geelong sailed from Gallo at 2 p.m. on the 17th ult, and had light variablo winds to lat 0° S. ; from thence to about lat. 28* S., moderato S.E. trades, and afterwards fino weather, with light breezes, until arrival at the Sound, where she anchored at half-past 12 p.m. on the 31st ult. Completed coaling, and left for Melbourno at 20 minutos past 12 a.m. tho 1st inst. Carried strong westerly winds (with thick rainy weather during the last two days) thu wholo distance from tho Sound. Passed Capo Otway nt l8 minutes post 12 p.m., and anchored in Hobson's Bay at a quarter to 9 p in. on the evening of the 5th instant four days within the contract^ time. STATE OP TRADE. In our lost roport wo noticed that towards tho close of tho month a very uneasy fooling was springing up detrimental to the conti- nued revival of confidence, and likely to affect business generally ; wo now regret to state that a Uko feeling of distrust has, moro or less, continued throughout tho prosent month. Merchants as well as dealers havo been compelled to restrict their operations and reduce their liabilities to a minimum, and to such au extent lins this been attempted to bo carried out that business has compara- tively been almost at a standstill The sound- ness of the trading community may, howover, bo estimated by tho fact that, notwithstand- ing that failures of small storekeepers in town and country continue to bo reported, only one firm involving a largo amount has been affected. Messrs. P. M'Donald and Co., of Geelong, after an unrjuccessful endeavour to effect such an arrangement in regard to timo as would cnablo them to accomplish their desire of paying 20s. per £, wero, in conse- quence of the difficulties placed in their way, compelled to call a meeting of their creditors on the 3rd instant. From the statement then submitted it was ascertained that the firm's indebtedness amounted to £26.497. Of that a sum of £7,027 is due to tho bank, which holds securities againBt the same to the extent of £4,747. The contingent lia- bilities are put down at £30,000, The assets altogether aro estimated to amount to £26,400, of which, as stated above, £4,747 is held by the bank. After a good deal of dis- cussion, it was agreed that an assignment of tho estate should be made in favour of Messrs. A. B. White, of Geelong, and Mr. Alexander Joske, of Melbourno. A meeting has since been called by the trustees to con- sider an offer that had been submitted for tho assois in the cstato of £12,000. payable by guaranteed bills at two, four, six, and eight months, and which, after somo discussion, was accepted as tho best that could bo done under tho circumstances. A meeting of creditors in tho estate of Messrs. Bryant nnd Taylor, ironmongers, was held on the 25th nit. A statement of affairs pre- pared by Mr. Sprigg was submitted, which showed the liabilities to amount to £9,300 and the assets to £9,800, leaving a surplus of £500. A resolution was carried to assign the estate to Messrs. Jonner and Shaw, with in- structions to allow the business to bo con- tinued if any satisfactory arrangement could bo made. A meeting was also called by Messrs. Doherty and Bennett, storekeepers, of Bairnsdale. Tho balance-sheet in this estate showed liabilities amounting to £7,000 and assets estimated at £8,090, or a surplus of about £500. An assignment was accepted in favour of Messrs. Watson and Sargood. The Warrnambool Examiner reported last month that Mr. J. W. M. Aitkin, of that town, bad-declared himself insolvent. The liabilities were sot down at £16,000 and the nssets at £11,000. The embarrassed state of Mr. Aitkin's private affairs led to the dissolu- tion of his lato partnership, but his failure does not affect tho solvency of the firms with which he was connected. The advices to hand from the other colo- nies, more especially New Zealand, and which at one time were looked forward to with some apprehension, havo lately been of a much moro reassuring character. The depression exist- ing in the mining districts, particularly in Ballarat, and the almost fatal collapse which has overtaken the mining interest in this once busy haunt of speculators, though it may yet be the means of rooting out all such bubble companies as wero got up for tho moro purposo of money making, and put in futuro bona fide undertakings in that locality on a more permanent footing, has in the moantimo in no small degreo assisted to intensify tho prevailing distrust. Taken altogether, wo look upon tho prospect before us for several months to como as most unsatisfactory. The month's business has been confined to suppljing mere trade requirements, and no transactions of a speculative character havo been allowed to bo entertained ; a uuiform and general determination to contract all operations has beon firmly and steadily adhered to. Buyers havo purchased most sparingly and with greatreluctanco throughout the month ; on the other hand, when oppor- tunities of effecting sales moro freely havo piescntcd themselves, they have seldom beon availed of by sellers, owing to the want of ronfidence which has prevailed in all depart- ments of trade ; tho bulk of transactions havo in consequence been monopolised by the auction rooms. Tho arrival of tho mail steamer was somewhat unexpectedly tele- graphed fiora Adelaide on the morning of tbo 4th inst., with advices from London to 23rd April, and it is some satisfaction to find that although the shipments advised of many of tho leading articles, such as malt, candles, brandy, salt, &c;, aro far in excess of re- quirements, yet an impression has been treated that even in regard to these ship- ments for the future will bo kept within more moderato bounds. In tho sales of the month transactions in sugar appear as the most prominent. In tho aggregate somo 39,600 bags, comprising tho cargoes of tho Lochawe, Lizzie, River Boyne, aud Australian Packet, and portions of the Elizabeth's, Queen of .the Sea's, and Perigny's cargoes, wero cleared off the market. In teas, the sale of the G. H. Peake's, the Dioscuren's, the Catherine Fullarton's, and the new teas by tho mail steamer, had the attention of the trado, who refused to purchase unless at a serious decline. Wines and brandios have been largely sold by auction. But in no other de- scription of merchandise havo any transac- tions worth special notico been made public. Our dates from Calcutta reach to 7th May ; from Batavia, to 29th April ; from Foo-Chow, to 23rd April ; and from Now York to 9th April. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. Notwithstanding that exchange in Sydney lias been advancedto 1 per cent, premium for this mail, here no alteration has been made, the rate fixed being the same as last month say three-quarters per Jjpnt. premium for bankers' bills at 60 days' sight. The amount nf cover offering has been but trilling, nor havo inquiries for remittances beon largo. The demand has been chiefly confined to the soft goods firms, who generally havo heavy liabilities to meet in London. Interest and discount rates continue as last reported. The banks charge for bills having two and three months to run 0 and 7 per cent., whilo 8 per cent, is required for longor periods. Interest is allowed ondeposits lodged, with six months' notico, at the rate of 4 per cont. For deposits of three and four months, 2 and 3 por cent, respectively is allowed. A maximum rato of 5 per cent, is given for deposits having 12 months to run. STOCK AND STATIONS. From Deniliquin we learn that tho heavy rains in the Northern district still operate against stock travelling. There is now lite- rally too much feed and water. This, how- ever, will soon terminate, and we may oxpoct largo quantities of store stock to arrive for the southern markets. There is flooded country throughout the basin of the Murrum- bidgee, and mails are detained. Tho salo of tho Mount Hatton station, in the Leichhardt district, with 83,000 sheep and 3,500 hoad of cattle, was a short timo ago reportod from Sydney. The prico paid was 63. 9d. for the sheep, tho cattlo being taken at a valuation. This is an important sale, and ovidonces a very considerable improvement in that class of prop« ty. In Victoria or Riverina, no transactions havo come under our notico. Writing of tho lambing, tho Pastoral Times sajs-" We hear good accounts so far of tho increase and strength of tho young lambs, though tho weathor tolls against them. Where the stations aro dottod over with SP nd hills lambing goes on well, but where, as in some instances is the case, the stations con- sist of extensivo flats, with no high ground, lambing is sure to bo unfavourable, as most of tho lovel ground is flooded. Thoro is one prime advantago this season-feed is every- where abundant." HANKS AND PUBLIC COMPANIES. National Bank.-A special meeting was held on tho 30th May, Sir Francis Murphy in the chair, to makoa law to reduce the mini- mum of tbo reserve fund to £100,000. and to enable the directors to declaro out of the re- siduo of tho funds lying to that account a dividend for tho half-year ending the 31st March. Mr. Hingston moved, and Dr. Farrago seconded the following now byo-law :-" Not- withstanding any existing law, rule, or regu- lation of tbo National Bank of Australasia, the reserve fund of tho said bank may be re- sorted to for payment of dividends, as well as to provide for occasional losses, providod that tho said fund shall not, by any such payment, bo reduced below £100,000 ; and that it shall bo lawful for the directors, subject to tho foregoing proviso, to declaro a dividond for nny half-year out of such reservo fund, at such rate, not exceedinu £10 per centum por annum, as the shareholders at any ordinary or special general meeting may determino, in- cluding the special general mooting hold on the 30th day of May, 1870 ; and that any law, rule, or regulation of tho said bank to tho contrary (whether contained in any deed or supplementary deed of settlement or not), is, so far only as it may bo doomed to pro- vont the declaration or paymont of any such dividend in manner aforesaid out of the reserve fund, hereby repealed," Several shareholders objected to the mini- mum of the reserve fund being made lower than £150,000 ; but it was oxplained, on the ono hand, that tho meeting had no power to alter the form of the motion, and, on the other, that neither the directors nor the share- holders would have power to touch a penny of tho resorvo fund unless authorised by a special resolution. Tbo now byo-law was tuen agreed to, and followed up by a resolu- tion in the following words :- That tho dividend to bo declared out of tho resorvo fund for the half-year ending the 31st day of March, 1870. shall bo at tbo rato of 10 per cent, per annum." The adjourned half-yearly meet- ing was then held, tho business standing over being the ndoption of the directors' report and the balance-sheet. Tho discussion that ensued was chiefly as to certain anony- mous letters that had been rccoived by ono of the shareholders, making charges against an officer of tho bank, and as to the transac bous which some of the officers of tho bank had had with a customer, which transac- tions formed the subject of remark at the former meeting. The report having been adopted, Dr. Tracy moved-"That this meeting, having hoard the intention of tho directors, in consequence of Mr. Wright's ill-health, to transfer him from his present position to that of manager ia the London office, desire to record their continued confidence in his integrity and ability, and their appreciation of tho important sorvices he has rendered to the bank." Mr. Carter seconded tho motion, which was carried unanimously. Tho meeting then closed. Mr, Wright has beon succeeded as general manager by Mr. E. M. Young, formerly manager of tho Adelaide branch. Polynesia Company.-The adjourned gene- ral meeting was held on the 27th May, Mr. Butters, M.L.A., in the chair. Tho proceed- ings wero marked by a discussion somowhat similar to that which took place at tho meet- ing of which this was an adjournment. Some two or three shareholders appeared to be dissatisfied with ono or two things the management had done. Tho chairman, in answer to an inquiry, said the amount re- ceived by tho company in cash and bills was £17,228; the amount expended, including tho American debt and Melbourno expenditure, was £9,374, leaving £7,854 ; the expenditure at Fiji was £2,045, leaving £5,809. Thoro was still the sum of £2,000 to pay tho American Government, and there wore various small liabilities, including about £100 owing in Melbourno, amounting in all to about £2,800, leaving £3,000 to the credit of the company. The directors' report having beon adoptod, the following persons wore elected directors : Messrs. J. S. Butters, T. Reid, W. Detmold, T. Davey, and F. Cook. Melbourno Meat-preserving Company.-A meeting of tho shareholders in tho Melbourno Meat-preserving Company was held on tho 2nd inst. for tho purpose of considering tho advisability of establishing a branch factory at Ballarat Resolutions were moved affirm- ing the desirability of taking the stop, and raising the necessary funds by tho issue of 5,000 shares of £5 caen. The resolutions wero strenuously opposed by a largo number of shareholders. The question was put to tho vote, and lost by 84 votes. Proposed Now Meat-presorving Company, Ballarat.-In consequence of the refusal or the Melbourno company to fall in with tho proposal for the oponing of a branch at Bal- larat, tho inhabitants of that town havo sot about forming a company of their own, with the view of purchasing the business of Mr. Eddington, and carrying on operations upon tho premises he now occupies. Tho number of shares is to be 4,000, of £5 each ; 1,000 were taken up at a meeting held on Monday last, and it was decided that work should bo commenced as soon as 3,000 had boon sub- scribed. As the project is referred to at greater length under tho head of "Moat preserving," furthor details need not be given here. Slato Company. - Tho prospectus has reached us of the Victorian and Bangor Slato and Slab Quarry Company, to bo formed with a capital of £20,000, for tho purposo of pur- chasing and working a slato quarry within a few miles of Gisborne. It is stated that the slate is of first-class quality, and that a very large quantity exists at the quarry. Patent Fuso Company.-A company is in courso of formation to purchaso from tho manufacturers of the patent safety fuso their titlo to the patent, and carry on tho works on a larger scale than the present proprietors can afford to do. At a publio trial which took place the really superior qualities of tho patent fuso wero abundantly proved, and the prospectus issued by the promotors states that the present machinery can supply one-half of the consumption of tho colony. By a modé- late additional outlay, it is estimated that the total wants of the colony-which amount to 325,000 coils per annum-could bo mot. Rabbit-preserving Company.-Preliminary arrangements are boing made at Colac for the purposo of forming a rabbit-preserving com- pany. It is contemplated to slaughter at least 10,000 per week, but wo doubt whether this immenso number can bo obtained for any length of time. STOCKS IN BOND. The following were tho stocks in bond at Melbourne on Juno 11 :-Brandy, 5,8C3_ hhd" 21,601 cases ; rum, 2.079J hhd" 581 cases ; geneva, 64.J hhd., 60,741 cases red, 2,008 do. green ; whiskey, 1.215.J hhd., 4,808 cases; gin (sweetened), 20 .j hhd., 2,912 cases ; cordials,.452 cases ; spirits of wine, 74!¡ hhd. ; other spirits, 4.} hhd., 5,921 cases ; wine, 0,143 hhd., 18,175 cases ; beor, 2,110 hhd., 31,174 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufac- tured), 1,674 half-tierces, 450 quarter-tiorcos, _3 kegs, 5,994 throe-quarter boxes and boxes, 7,796 cases ; do. (unmanufactured), 307 hhd. and casks, 533 cases, 1,484 bales ; cigars, 612J cases ; candles, 772 chests, 40,118 boxes ; kerosene, 47,888 cases ; flour, 1,313 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 148 packages ; tea, 18,353 chests, 44,834 half-chests, 36.8G7 boxes ; coffee, 2,684 bags, 23 tiorccs, 382 casks, 309 barrels ; chicory, 4G3 packages ; sugar-Mau- ritius 75,857 bags, Manilla 5,167 bags, Java 12,456 bags, other 1,116 tons 133 cases and casks ; wheat, 42 bags ; opium, propared, 159 packages ; oats, 902 bags ; hops, 1,371 pockets ; rice, 52,584 bags ; salt, 19,396 bags ; vinegar, 1,379 cases, 488 casks. _ IMPORTS AND EXPORTS, The following table gives the imports and expoits of tho port since the bogiuning of the year, as compared with tho correspond- ing period of 18G9 : Wook Ending imports. 1870. Kxporta. 1870. Jan. Jan. 8.. Jan. 16 Jan. 22 Jan. 20.. Feb. 6.. Feb. 12.. Vcb. 10.. Feb. 28.. Mnr. 6.. Mar. 12.. Mar. 10.. Mar. 20.. April 2 April 0 ApilUO.. April 23.. April 80.. May 7.. May 14.. Moy 21.. May 28.. Juno i.. Juno 11.. £ 208,228 858,056 840,004 410,703 817,182 800,607 263,442 227,020 245,011 200,605 170,507 100.007 160,550 172,201 180,557 217,551 127,309 200,316 178,017 142.800 241,118 807,408 205,460 201,416 & 211,137 234,680 288,807 851,003 270,431 854.210 278,440 206,643 201,848 218,247 222,300 170,350 188,070 274,481 221,709 140,010 211,207 823,808 153,018 270 850 270.000 183.041 241,210 178,078 207,790 000,200 247,18« 413,410 78,509 804,017 823,043 842,372 160,141 816,130 231,030 77,487 220,019 170,330 105,005 118,165 618,637 76,600 241,440 38,112 .174,120 185,151 07,393 122,704 £ 110,600 673,095 232,087 05,331 146,610 700,092 101,300 109,020 08,083 620,413 140,040 100,170 155,805 441,530 00,878 00,830 478,210 132,860 84.030 04.702 412,810 124,172 05,OOS 47,180 6 870,470 I 6,816 103 6 673.038 6,127,551 During tho first poriod tho account stood thus : Import« ..__._ £6,870.470 Exporta ".._,_, 6,578,038 Balance of Importe over exporta £302,532 During the second period ; Import« "..._._ £5,845,103 Export« _.__._, 6,127,664 Balanco of Import« ovor oxporta £717,000 Comparing the above periods with each athor, tho results are as under : Imports In 1800 _ .. .. £5,870,470 Import« in 1870 .. .. - 6,845,103 Decroaso In 1870 " £81,307 Export« In 1S00 .. _. .. £5 578,038 Export« In 1870 _, 6,127,654 Decrease In 1870 _ £440 3S4 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tho Argus Ofllco, Friday Evonlng. In tho Import matkot« business throughout tho month lina boon dull and oxooodlngly hoavy and languid, not tho slightest appcaranoo of Ufo or aulma, lion having beon perooptlblo. Tho advices by tho mall steamer tonded to oroato n moro buoyant feollng» but tho depression from which ths market« havo Bullored is not oaslly dispelled. A (air trado Inquiry lias boon experienced tor bulk ales, but battlod boor« have been neglected. Dundeo goods, both cornsacks and woolpacks, have boen loss notleod. Candios havo been In very little request, and pilcos aro lowor. Cements have improved In valuo, Ooffco hat not beon active. Confectionery, oordage, Ash, fruits, blasting povrrior, havo had np attention dlrcotrd to them. BrcadNtulTi Minw 'no chango i-i! last month's quotations Oats ' and maize linvo declined In value. A good business his titan doro lu liol», but milt has tallon considerably. Mitais aro qulot. In oils, both kerosene and castor huvo commanded Increased attention. Olttnon _ «toroa aro not aetlvo. Provisions aro bettor. Quicksilver has not altered. Bice has not boon much notlcol Salt bos been dealt In, In sugars a fair amount of business hu been dono, though at low rates. Teas huvo not boen characUrlsod by much animation ; the arrival of now «canon's congous by the mall steamer created some surprlso by IIB oarl) appearanco. To Imccocs havo been exceedingly depressol. Transac- tion« In timber liavo not boon extonilvo. In wluo nnd spirits, business has boen ioroud to nomo oxtont through the auction mart. Alu and Stout -A uiodorato amount of business has been transacted lu bulk ales, aud In addition to tho ordinary trado demand wo nollco tho disposal of a Une of 100 Illida, of Bus, but r. concession on tho trado quotation of £8 6s. to £8 10s. bad to be allowod to enable purchasers of Buob parcels to operate. Mar rian's baa been in fair request at £8 5s. Large «ales havo not been effected, but as supplies have not boen excessive the demand bas boon auIUolont to carry off all tho Bhlpment« that havo como forward, and «iles luvo also been made to an Ivo. Joule's hu met with a freer Inquiry at £8 5s now' that All Iho old season's brew has beon used up Shipments of the Carlisle Company continue to drop In, and transactions are re- ported at up to £8 Sales of Whitbread a stout ar* rando at £5 15s. but only In very trifling lota. Bottled ales, owing to the cold weather, havo not mot with a brisk inquiry, and almost tuo only description In which business has boon ro ported 1B Tennent'« the sound of which brand hai mot with purchasers at 9s Od to 9s. 9d accordlug to quantity Some shipments havo arrlvod out of condition, and about 1,000 cases liaro lu conso quenco beon c oared off at low ratos,-figures, howr over, which cannot be taken as a criterion of tho valuoof this brand Fostors is quoted at up to 10s For DoronlBh s wo continue to quote 9s Oil to 9a Od ; tho demand, however, Is very Blow Bloods ia maintained al 9*. 0J , but Bales are of no oxtont. For Allsopp s, Frlond's bottling, 8s Od to 89 Od is re- quired Arrols finds buyers at 8s 7Jd Aitken'« realises 8s Od Jeffrey's stands at 8s The trado dono in stout has beon of the most limited character, unices when ehlpmonts havo boen forced oft by auction at very low figures -a circum- stance which has only occurred to branda which ha>o como forward largely in oxceaa of rcqulromonU amongst which Borthw Ink's and Macliou'a aro tho mont prominent. Burkoshasmet with a modorato trado demand at 03. Bloods has been disposed o! at 9s to 9s Sd OBrien'a daggor bland has boen quitted at 9s Byass s is disposed of at 8s Borthwick'« has been sold at 7s. 3d to 7s. Gd. for quarts, and 5s for pints Considerable salps of this brand havo boon maila at auctlou, llketvlso of Machen e, of which 2 000 cases In faulty coudition woro offorcd this woek undor tho hatntnor, with, how ov er very Indifferent suceens, as only a email quantity could be cleared off at 0s Od Bagging-Dundoo goods havo mot with vory little) notice throughout tho month CornsackB moro ospo clblly ha\ o boen neglected In consequonco of tho Now Zealand demand-by w hlch tho market has been mainly sut ported for sovoral months past-having com- pletely died out of lato For duty paid, quotations havo nominally stood at 11s but liv auction sales huve boen eficctod as low as 10s 7}d to 10s Od For bond pareóle 10s Od has boon asked, but thora lias beon no inemtiy , and no attempts hav o boen undo to fnico tho markot, In which caso holders would havo lind to bo satlsflod with less than our quotation. Woolpacks have not beon so firm, nor has thoro boon so much dCBire to speculated lncod Sales of modorato par coln havo boon mado at 8s 7d , but Ss Od has not boon refused whon It was found that tho concussion would, lead to the salo of a largo parcol Ounnlos hav o boon ncglcctod, and only a nominal quotation has beon t.lv cn for somo time post. A parcol of SO balos was, howov or, was got rid of this wook, on prlvats torms Boots and Shoos -Tho weekly Balos hold during tho month havo not boon oxtonslv o About 1,000 package» in tho aggregate may havo boon got i id of, and, gene- rally »peaking, satisfactory prlcos havo boon roaWsod. At a sale of colonial and lrnportod boots held last week the following price« »oro obtained -MOD'S colo- nial mado elastics brought 7B 3d to 7s Od , women's do olastlo boots, 6s 6d , maid s do do , 4s 5d , girls' 1113 do do , d3 Od to Ss lid , men's calf E S Eng- lish roallscd 0s Od to 10s , mon's do euamollcd do , 8s to 0a , joutlia calf do , 1 1, 4s 7d to 0s , ladies* kid elastic sides, Us 01 , girls' 7 13 do , 3s lOd ; women « cordo\au boots Is , womens cloth elastics, rivets, 4s 2d At an unreeorvod aalo of S FUtauaand S Lion s goods, tho follow lng prlcos wero obtalnod - Ladles kiel, olastlo sides, fancy Osborne, Narcisse, ¡Jungarían, Eugenio, &c; , brought 0s 3d to 7s 7d ; maid s 1 2 do Da Od to 0s 4d , girls li 1 do , la 3d. to 'a 2d , girls' 7 10 do , Ss lOd to 3j lid ; chlldron s 4 0, 2s 9d , do 10 patont Balmoral, 2s Id. to 2s 4d , do grain Balmorals, 2s , mon's calf, elastic sides 6s lid to 11s , boys 1013 colonial 1.KO ups, 4s 3d , primo kip 15Jd per lb , colonial calf Is 8d per Iii Thoro was a largo attendanoo ol be ot buyers Cal ellos - Influenced bj tho unfavourable advices regarding shipments rccolvod by overt mall for somo time past, tho market has maintained quito a depressed aspect. Thoro han boon no inquiry what i.\tr but for the moat trifling parcols for trado re- quirements an ocoastona1 ordor for oxport to Sydnoy tor larger lines has inndo its appearance on tho mulct but no soonorwas that tho cato than it was 'choked off bj tho prlco required and tho conso quenco lins beon that nolthor bj publie nor privato falo ha\ o any parcols of conscquenco boon inov od off, IIIIB wook being tho onlj oxcoption, as out of tho G "00 boxen roportod as Bold for tho month, some 4 600 bexes wero cleared (It during tho prosont woolt, at pikes rai ping from OJd tolOJd for sound Tills stato of tho markot however, Is not to bo wondered at, considering that a stock of ovor 10,000 Is hold in bond alono and that tho Bhlpmonts advised for tho last four monlliB 1 avo boon at the rato of LOO tona nor month at least. Present quotations stand atOJd to OJd for secondary brands, and 10J to 10Jd for best brands Die Not a Company chargo lid for their mako Cement.-1 ho markot ha« prosontod a somewhat bettor appearance as regards the amount of business done but prlcos of Portland show little or no altera- tion It ali} thing the tondonoy 1 as hoon rathor in favour of buj eta Best brands havo boon disposed of utl6s Od to 16s, and up to 10s Od , according to quan tlt) Outside brands have bonevor boon Bold ns low as 14s to 16s. Amorlcan planter has shown a decided improvement, prlcos having BtlUonod at least la por barrel A shipment of Boa Beach plastor was placed at 18s Od , and wo now quoto according to brand fr m 13s to 14s Olicmlcaln - Onlj a vor} Insignificant buslnoss can bo reported Soda crystals, which woro qttotod last month at £0 12s Od , havo slight!} declined, auotlon sales having como undor our notice and In ono in utanco £0 7P Od was accopted Carbonato has main- tained ono uniform quotation of £14, but thoro baa been nothing doing Caustic soda has boon oquallr neglected , wo quote from £10 to £10 10s 1 lowor of Bulphur Is quoted prlvatoly at £18 but has boon sold bj auction as low as £10 Tartario acid though ox ccedlnglj slow of Bale maintains a steady quotation of 1B 4Jd to 1B 7d , according to package Cream of tartar Is valued at lid to Is and 13d to lid Pre- pared opium has stood at 22s to 22s Od , but tho business dono lins not boon of much account Chicory has not mot with many buy ora. nor j ot an easy sale Uont imported brands havo boon sold at 2¡¡d to 2]d Colonial grown has boon dhposod of at Ed por lb Coffee-Tho markot has not shown tho sllghtost animation, business has boon gonorally restrlotod to supplying moro trado wants and sales in oomtquonoo havo not boon oxtonslvo The only notlcoablo foaturo was tho arrival early in tho month of tho David and J cunio with a full cargo from Colombo, but as this h) Ipmont was not placed on tho markot, but wont direct into ti o hands of a wholosalo IIOUBO In tlio trade hy whom It was lrnportod, valuos havo not boen affected tboroby Wo continuo to quoto for host plantation OJd to OJd Java which moots with vory littlo Inquiry, is quoted at CJd to 7d For nativo CejIonOd to OJd is asked Confeotionory -The utinoBt dulnoss provalla and no sales but those of the most retail description oan I o effected Keillor g assorted aro quoted at 0{d , but wo havo noticed parcels quitted by auction at 8<L to Od Assorted caudtod poel Is quoted at 12d to 13d Sales of lemon pool have beon mado atlljd , lor jujubes wo quoto 13jd Cordugo -SInco tho udvanco In prlco required by \ lotorian mauulacturors of ropo, buslnoss lias boon n uch rcstilctod Iho trado havo purohasod with great moderation, but a botter demand has boon ex- perienced atnongBt tho shipping as w oil OB for oxport. Halt to throo qusrtor Inch cordage has boen moved e ff at Od and assortments of lin to 4Jin sizes havo been quitted at £06 Flat ropo has reallsod £78. Beaming twines have boon littlo dealt In Wo noto, hotvevor, sales at 13d tolSJd Shop twlno has boon solel according to quality at from Ss 4Jd to 0s Gd per dozen, and from 8s to 12s por dozon nour and Crain -Broadatuffs havo not variod throughout tho month Tho pr LO of \ lotorian Hour lias ruled vet} otoadil} at £11 to £11 10s , and wuoat has beon saleablo at 4« lOd to 6s, while Now Zsaland has hoon sold at ÍB 7d For tho greater part of tho month tho paucity of supplies has elrcumsarlbod buslnoss, and during tho laBt fortnight moro especially the »tate of tho roads, In consequonco of tbo lioavy weather, has beon suoh as to provont evon tho modo rute quamby that was usually sent to tho markot from ( omlng for «aid This clrcumstanco has tonded to B1 I (ton prices in somo slight tlogreo, but the actual result linn only I oen to create a bettor Inquiry amongst the larger buyers of Hour, nod which led to the dls| oi al of a few ox tra CO ton parce s at £11 2s Od o £11 6s W heat at sanio timo becamo inoro saloablo at f» for good Baniples Tho town millers tilla wook contoDiplatod ralBlng tho prlco of flour to £12 but In enntcquonco of tbo great Improvement In tho weathor, this bas not boon carried Into effect Tho policy of tho farmors hitherto has apparently boon to koop biok their produce In the hope that bj BO doing price» might advsneo, but tho publication of tho agricultural statistics dlcoloscs tho fact that in wheat alono thoro I as been en Incrcaso last year of 1,407 828 bushels over the previous The iu.prudonco of holding bick under such circumstances then must bo manifest, moro especially as thoro Is no markot now In Lugland In oats, barley and malzo thora ia llkowlso a largo in- crcaso shown but that lu potatoes Is moro remarkable still, being full} 00 por cent. Tho actual surplus ovor out yiar amounts to no losa a quantity than 47 701 tons Thero figures unmistakably point to a lower reale of prices during the romaindor of tho soason Oats havo steadily maintained quotations of 3s 2d to ,1s 4jd , but only vory primo parióla havo mot with I uj ot« »t tho latter prlco Supplies aro kopt well up to tho demand and speculation Is ehooked in consia (|eiei co Itumerous sales of fair sized parcols havo beon effected from timo to timo in tbo colirio of tho morah On maize wo note a decline, the value having dropped from 4s lOd , reported last month to 4s 4d. or parcels and 4s 6d to 4s Gd for small lots now quoted A, vory good trado domaud has boon ox I oi kneed Common Cape bsrlcy has boen sold at Js to 3s 3d , fine barley has, hotvever, boen disposed of at 4s Id to 4s Od Bran has ruled at 12d Poarl tarlo} has found buyors at £24 to L25 , at auction It 1 as been sold at £ii 16s to £28 10' Colonial Vic- torian mado oatmeal Is anloab o at £20, for Now /(inland wo quoto £17 to £18 Fish -Wo noto rathor a quiet but stavely demand for most descriptions Ling has boon quitted at 5Jd. Half barróla whlto horrlngs havo bet n dlsnosed of at 12s Gil Ono pound herrings havo boon got rid of at ts Od lied hcrilugs, In tins, havo mot with a roady sale at 32s Od , tho markot having for somo timo past I ron barely supplied lib salmou has boon dUposod et Inlnvolcosut from 13s to 18s 8d naives sardines 1 avo boen In good demand at 10s Gd to 10s 7Jd , aud quurtors at Cs Od to 6s 7Jd lib ojstorshvo stood at 7s Od , and lib lobsters at 8s 0.1 1 rulla -Only a trilling inquiry has oxlstod for all descriptions more otpoolally for currauts, which havo dicllucd to 4d to Hil for bost qualllloi, socoud rato qualities bavo boon sold In considerable paroels by auction at 8Jd to 3]d IlaMos havo hoon quito un totlccd, values of Capo, Klcmo, and Valencia havo «trod at 4d to 4Jd , but nothing of a epoolsl nature bus transpired in tho w»y of salea Sultana are quitted at fijd to 6Jd , inusoatols aro saleable at from 81, to n I , Ilga havo beon disposed of at prlcos raufclng from (ljd to 7jd , drlod apple» bring OJd Gunpowdor has not shown any ohango throughout the month, nor the »lightest oppearanoo of an Im- provement. Halls blasting powder has remalnod st judy at 63d , Koluios Ii*« boon uniformly quoted at f.d mid fur outside brands H d to 4Jd, has boon got Hops -1 ho luiikot has been pretty well cleared ot an} lets offering, parllcularl} Kent, and a vorygoyd Itelli g has prevailed as to tho future of this market. 1809 Kent medium quality, havo mot with a roaily sale at 1« lid to 2s , and voryptlmo Goldings havo leen sold as high a« 2' 3d to2s 6d , vory «upurl ir 1 SOM havo btou sold at lee. lOd to 2s , but for or Unary io good qualities of this gr will wo quoto from Is to Is Od lu Tasmanian 1870, alargo buslnoss has boen elonu, somo rather extensivo lines having boon taken up at Is lOd for very primo For ordinary .ample« we quote la 7d to la Hd Uy auotlon «aloa bava boon effected at from la 81 teils 7id willie» oin Tasmanian were quitted at 7(1 to 0.1. Malt.-lu ot i Bcquinoe of tho continued heavy ship, mtuts el this aitlcle icportcd, the market has bocoiua quite prostrated. Nominally 8s. 1B now asked for trado parcols ; but holders generally, seotng no pro- spect of any change for the bettor for a long time to come, bave Bhown willingness to accept of much lower Tates, and eales, If pressed, could not now bo made for quantities at over 7s. 3d. to 7s. 0(1. For months p ist themipplies advised have boon three timos what thoy ought to have been ; and coming, as they havo doue, when tbe season Is over, they have exorcised a most prejudicial effect on the market. ile tala bave been characterised by great want of animation. Fig Iron hu generally ruled at £4 10«. A fair demand for galvanised has been maintained. Scotch corrugation has boon disposed of at £23 for 20 gauge. English ordinary brinda havo boen quittod at £26 for samo gaugo ; bost branda roaliso ¿26. Tho SiilBtria'a shipment of Braby's Iron waa aold under the hammer at from £23 2s. Cd. to £27 15s. B ir and rod Iron Is steady at £0 to £10 10s. : there Is a fair trade inquiry. Sheot iron has boon in vory slew sate; assortments of HOB. 8 to l8 aro quoted at £11, and Nos. 20 to 20 bring £13 10s. In plate Iron we have llttlo to record ; the market Is heavy, and quotations ntand at £1110s. to £12. In hoop Iron thoro is nothing whatever doing ; quotations aro nominal at £11. Fencing wire haa been dull of sale of late. Wo quite lor Kos. 0, 7, and 8 (Ryland'« and Jobnson'B). £16 10«., £16 10s., and £17 10s. ; other brand) reallto about 10s. under this quotation. Lead. -Shot la negloctcd, and without animation ; wo quote £28; Tin plates do not attract any attention,, and only occasional sales can bo effected ; we quote 12 j per cent, advance on Invoice for a general assortment; butparttcular sorts, besidesbelngmoresaloable, realise a'goed deal moro money ¡this, howovor, is oxcoptiona'. Mum metal Is valued at 73(1. Sales of Ewbank'a nalia are reported at "jil. American nalia havo of lato boen moro noticod, and values havo risen : parcels huvo been quitted at 17s. Od., and offers to clour out at this figuro havo been refused. American hardware Is In largo supply. Collins' and Sharpe'« ho&vy; axoB Hud buyers at 74s. Collins' heavy picks aro nominal at IO«. Business in AmoB's (hovels has boen roportcd at 04B. Day's D H. shovels, 34 to 38 Inches, tiro moved off In fair parcelB at 60s. Other m \kore', same .Ize, are quitted at 48s. Bolloware Is quoted at 80 per cent, off list, but we are wltnout any sales to report. Oils,-Kerosene oil has commanded a largo sharo of attention, and, notwithstanding that four-fifths of tho stock in tho place is hold by speculators, yet, owing to the manner in which small lots in tho hands of out- side bolder« have beon pressed on tho market, very great difficulty ha« beon oxperloncod In sustaining tho market. The Corsica, tho Hore, the Protege, and tbe Victor have arrlvod in the course of tho month with about 20,000 COBOS, and this circumstance has helped to «well the stocks in hand ; these, howovor, do not oxceed 60,000 cases, notwithstanding-llttlo more than two months' Bupply. Under present cir- cumstances it ia difficult to give a correct tdoa of the market. Small trade parcels of Devoe's and Downot's .11 aro still quitted at 2s. lOJd. to 3s. in bond, while for moderate Blzed parcels li. 8Jd. has been taken. But though the last-named figuro Is the lowest sale which has come under our notice in the ordinary courso of business, In- dications have beon shown that for largo HHOB a shad o undor might ho takon. Afew 1,000 and 600 caso pareóla havo beon placed in tho courso of tho month, but the chief feature was tho salo, to arrive in Adolaldo, to Melbourno buyers of tho Chatanooga's shipment of 10,000 cases. A line of 3,000 casos Radiant, and one of. 2,000 cases, bavo also changed hands afloat, the last named being by the Competitor, which had not sailed when tho mall left Our dates from Kow York roach to 0th April, and, contrary to expectation, the sows regarding oil is of the most satisfactory naturo ; Indeed, far moro so than could havo boon anticipated. This is paitly accounted for by tho fact that, in couso quenco of the great fall in gold, heavy losses had been incurred on remittances then received against the sale ol goods, willoh, It waa thought, would nave left a liandBome profit, owing to which ex- porters appeared much dlslioartonod. Tho only now shipments advised are 1,000 cases from Boston to «Holbourne by tho O. O. Michaol, which sailed on tho 12th March, and 10,000 cases by tho Ohatanooga, from Kow York, for Adolaldo and Sydney; and we furtber leam from Mesara. Tufts and Co.'a circular that only 5,010 cases wero engagod for tho vest ola on tho berth, vis., tho Competitor and Akbar, at New York; and tho N, Tliayor' at BoBton, for Melbourno. The J. S. Stone, at Now York, for Sydnoy, and tho Archer, at Boston, for Fort Chalmers and Sydnoy, Castor oil bas attracted moro notlco ; parcols for trade purposes bavo beon quitted at 4s. 4}d. to 4s. 6d., duty paid. Tho stock hore has boon pretty woll cleared out of Importéis' hands, and we also loam that the 800 casos coming forward per Holen Malcolm havo boon sold, to arrive, at a satisfactory prieo. Linsoed Is quoted at 8s. lOjtd. In drums, and lu casks 8s. Od. Ia obtained. Colza is in slow salo at 4s. lud. fordrums, and 4s. Od. In cask. Olive oil Is quoted at 6B. Dd. and 5s. 3d. for drums and casks. Ohlnoso oil is disposed of at 4s. Gd. to _s, Cd, Polar oil le Baleablo »t £10 to £44. "Oilmen's Stores aro in lair request, but sales aro limited to purchases for the supply of moro trado wants. Pickles, common brands, aro quitted at 8s. to 8s. Od.; medium brands fiud buyors at at 0s. Od, to 10s. Oil., and best brands aro Baloablo at Ile. Od. Aasortod bottled fruits are disposed of at 10s. Od. Black currants are quitted at 11s, 3d. to 11s. Od.; lib. jams havo boon got lid of at 5B. to 8s. 3d. to Ss Od. Salad oils in quarts aro sold at from 18s. to 26s ; pint« roalieo from 10s. Gd. to 12s. Od. ; and hall-pints from Gs. Gd. to 7s. 3d. Castor oil in pint« has boon sold at tho low prlco of 7s. Sd. to 7s. Gd. ; half-pints bring 4s. Od. to 6s.. and quartor-plnts wero placod at 8s. 7Jd. Mustard has keen quitted in 71b. tinsat74d,;forCoIman'Bwoquoto up to 8d. ; lib. tins and Jib tins bring 10s 3d. and Gs. respectively ; Koon's roalUoa 7}d. por Ib., and 10s. and 6s. Dd. for pound and half-pound tins. White starch Is disposed of at6Jd,, and bluo starch at 5J. Thumb blue has boen sold at lOJd. Solublo cocoa at .Is, 2d., and chocolate WOB clcarod off at la, Id. Salos ot quart vinegar aro mentionod at 7«. Od. Assorted «nonces, half and ono ounce, wore Bold by auction nt 6s. Olives wore placed at Gs. 3d. Vostas wero quitted at 14B, Od. por gross. French matches wore takon up at Is. Gd. to 49. Od., aud wood matches at 8s, 3d. French blacking WBB placed at 2« 7Jd. tu 2s. Od. por gross. Clothes peg« roallsod 4s. lOd. Brooms wore sold at 28s. por dozen at auction, and whiting at £3. Wliito popper Is in slow trado demand at Od,, and blaok pepper at Gd. Natal cayonno poppor was quittod at 2s. Id Sago has slightly improvod in valuo; wo quoto 2_d. Macaroni aud vormlcolli bring Od. Provisions present a moro favourable aspect. Butter ol lato has advanced In price. Fine Victorian cured is now aaloablo at 14d,, whllo Sydnoy mado com- mands from Is. to 13d. Cheoso llkowlso Is In bottor request at a trifle hlghor ratos ; parcols of good colo nlal-mado aro quittod at 8Jd. to 10J d. Bacon and hams aro vory firm at Ila. to Is. for tho formor. Hams aro quitted at Is. to Hil. Quicksilver,-Tboro has boon nothing doing unless lor trado purposes, and tho tow small lot« dteposod of bavo rcalisod from 2s. 3d. tu 2a, ii. Kico.-Wo still continuo to noto a vory baokward mnrkot. The BOBO M. arrlvod from Calcutta in the early part of tho month, and added somo 0,000 bags to our stocks of Patna. Trade parcels aro disposed of at £22 10s. to £23, but the market Is in tho stato that to got rid of largo lines it Is quite imposslblo to say what would have to bo accoptod. From Calcutta, to 7th Moy, wo loam that tho Holen Malcolm had loft for Melbourno with 0,000 bags, and tho Envoy was put on tho berth to load buck hore. Java mill-drosstd is moved ou slowly at £10 to £10 10a. A Uno of 100 tons Java WOB sold a day or two ago on privato tonne. -Saigon tico, dressed, Is quitted at £17 to £1710s. Salt Is not In so satisfactory a position as tormorly, tho shipments advised amount to ovor 1,100 tons, but of this quantity Borne 648 tona, por Birchgrove, havo boen taken up to arrive, and under thoso olroum Btancos the markot ought not to bo much affoctod ; but yet It is a romarkablo faot that though Bales of ' moderalc-Blzod trado parcels can bo mado at £4 15s. ; somo 16s. loss money would havo to bo taken to induco largo buyors to oporate, Slates.-Tho markot Is still heavily stockod, and the advlco of lncreasod Bhlnmonts has cau«od a still (urthor dopresslon. AB the doalers now are largo Im- porters, sales do not so readily como undor our notice. Wo, howovor, loam of tbo disposal of ono shipmont of 50,000 20 x 10, at £12 7s. Od.; but this prlco could hardly bo got at tho present timo; wo quote from £12 to £12 5s. On other sizes wo m uko llttlo al tor i tion OB yot, though tho tondonoy of tho markot la dccldodly lowor. 22 x 12 may bo quoted £16, and 24 x12 £1016s. to £17. Sugar.-The dulnoss and hoavlnoss v, Uh willoh the markot closed last month has boon felt throughout tbo wholo of tho prosont. Tho arrivals havo boon numcrouB, and notwithstanding that oontlnuod ad- vices ot high prices havo boon rocolvod from Mau- ritius, tho markot, undor tho oDToct of forcod sales, lias boon considerably doprossod. Many of tbo ship, monts to hand havo boon stored, tho lmporlors not caring to taco tho heavy loss that must necessarily bo entailed by accepting ruling rates, and to this oxtent tbo market has boon roi loved ; It was not, howover, until advisod of tho swooping reduction mado on tho duties In England that any particular attention was directed to tho market, slnco which a favourable reaction has sot, and It Is now gonorally bollovod that prices havo soon their lowest. The courso of tho markot will bo better understood by following tho eales of tho month. On Monday, the 23rd ult., the Iiocbawo's cargo of Mauritius BUgar, amounting to «,466bags, was offered tórsalo; but, owing to tho . -tlffhosB of holders, and the evident disinclination on tho part of tho trado to operate to any extent, unloss at such a roduotlon as importors did not caro to ontor tain, only 1,177 bags woro cloarod off. On Thursday, tho 20th, a much larger quantity, comprising the entire cargo of the Elizabeth and balaueos of the Queen of tho Seas and Porlgny's cargoes, amount- ing to 0,867 bags, was submitted to public competition, the auctioneer suceoodlng In disposing of avery bag. A reduction of at loaat £2 por ton had, however, to bo conceded oro buyors could bo got to oporato. For ra- tions 27s. was accoptod ; browns roallsod 20s. toS0s.;low middling to yollow, 31s. to 82s Gd.. ; fine to flnostyollows, 84s. 8d. to85n. 3d.; and good to fine whlto,30s.0d.to87B. During tho following wook, ending Oth Juno, tho salos consisted of damaged parcols, ox Strangor, Honolulu, and Lochawo, amounting to 3,035 bags or thereabouts. The most prominont foaturo in the market during that wook, howovor, wa« tho salo on Wodnoaday, tho 1st inst., of tbo cargo of Java sugars per Australian Packet. This cargo oomprlsod 8,323 mats, ovory one of which was Bola, all faults, It any, at prices min;, accorulng to quality, to 34s. 3d., prices which, com- pared with previous eales of Mauritius Borts, showed an advance of 16s. per ton. On Monday, tho Oth lust., the small shipment« ot Natal sugars by the Tien Esson was cleared off, somo 000 bags bolng disposed of. Battons brought 20s. 8d" and yollows roallsod up to 82s. Tho Lizzie's cargo of Mauritius sugarB was to liavo boon sold on Wednesday the 8th, as sound, but tho larger proportion having turnod out damagod, It was resolved to soil tho faulty portion Instead. \- Accordingly somo 5104 bags were disposed of at middling prices, tor not cash. Considerable operations wore carried through, privately attor tho mall's arrival, speculators' attention having boon di \- rectod towards the markot In consequonco of tho re- duction of tho duties In England, a« It li gonorally believed tbat, a new markot bolng thus opened up In Britain for Mauritius roflnod sorts, tho competition thus created will causo prices to ad vaneo. Somo 0,000 bags bavo changed handa privately of yollow and wliito crystals, and prices havo rlson tully 30s. per ton on lato public salo rates. On tho 16th the Molbourno portion of tho Rlvor Boyne's cargo was offorod for solo. Only 670 boga wero cleared off by auction, and an advance of SO«, waa established. Greyish yellow crys- tals brought 35s., and low counters roallsod 31s. ; «1,594 bogs wero disposed of privately. Tho arrivals embrace the Ariel and Talisman, tho Blairmore, Lizzie, and River Boyno, from Mauritius ; and the Tacite, from Bourbon. Tbo latter wont to Sydnoy. Tea.-Messrs. Jas. O. Robertson and Co., la tholr monthly circular, report as follows :-" Wo regret having to report a very dull and unprofitable mouth Both town and country demands bavo been upon a most limltod scale, and prices have In many oases gradually receded, Including the Oner descriptions, which for somo time past have oxhlblted .firmness. Humerons parcels have been forced at auction, in some Instances without any reserve, resulting ia serious losses, thus for tho present depressing values. Altogether, the prospecta look gloomy for the forthcoming season, unloss the shipments be on a more limited seule than the past two seasons, which have been greatly in excess of'our require- ments, Foo-chow dust and sittings have sold at 5}d. to OJd. ; ordinary to good ordinary (few sales hive transpired), principally halt-chests, at OJd. to lOd. ; good ordinary, lid. to Hld. ¡ good common congou, Is. to is. OJd. ; mixed leaf kinds, with flavour, Is. Id. to Is. 2}d. ; blackish leaf to blackish loaf kinds, strong, with flavour, la.' SJd. to Is. 5Jd. ; Kalsow kinds, strong with flavour, and pekoe souchong to pekoo flavour, havo been quitted at Is. OJd. to 2s. Auction eales.-On tbo 25th ult. about 3,000 chests and halves, ox Ellen Morris and Hanover, wero offered. No bidding took placo; but after tho auc- tioneer left tho box, he succeeded In placing about 500 packages at full rate». On tho 9th lost, the balance of tho cargo of tho a. H. Peaka was sub- mitted ; but the biddings were not spirited, and only somo 1,700 packages wero disposed of at prices scarcely maintaining quotations. On tho 16th Inst. 1,000 packages season 1870 71, ex "mall steamer, and 2,007 chests, half-chests, and boxes, ox sundry vessels, were offered, and nearly the whole sold, at prices showing a serious decline on quotations. Tho deliveries for the past month have been 430,6511b. against 120,4101b. at tamo time last year. Tbo stock in bond in Melbourne on tho 11th inst. was 3,077,0361b, against 3,830,1241b. on June 19, 18G9. Our quo- tations oro :-Congou-Dust and sittings, Od. to Sd. ; broken Foo-chow, 8d. to lOd. ; ordinary to good, lOld. to lid.; mixed leaf kinds, Is. to ls.8d. ; do., with little fl<vour, Is. 8Jd. te Is. 4d. ; blackish loaf kinds, le. 4Jd. to la. 5d. ; do. strong. Is. 6Jd. to Is. Gd. ; do. strong flavour, Is. 5d. to Is. 7d. ; kalsow kinds, Btrong, Is. 8d. to la. 9d. ; pekoe sou- chong and pekoo flavour, Is. lOd. to 2s. ; Une I rich pekoe- BOtichong flavour, 2s. 2d. to 2s. 3d. ; do., very Uno do., 2s. 3d. to 2s. 4d. ; souchong, com- mon. Is. to Is. 2d. ; do., middling to Uno, Is. 3d. to Is 41; orange pekoo, econted ordtnaryandbrokon. Is. 3d. to Is. 4d. ; do., gooet to Uno, Is. Gd. to IB. 8d. ¡ oapor, scented, common to mldelllng. Is. Id. to Is. 4Jd. ; do., middling to fino, Is. 6d. to Is. 7d. ; young hyson, common, lid. to Is. Id. ; do., good to fine, Is. 6d. to Is. 8d.; do., finest, none ; gunpowder, Canton, good to Ano, lOJd. to 1B. 8d. Above quotations aro at per lb, In bond for chests (boxes being worth 2d. per lb. more.)" TImbor.-The markot still wears an appoaraneo of heaviness, and tho amount of business transacted has been of o minor character. Quotations of 9 x 3 dolls stand at 4Jd. to 4}d. The following aro the chief Bales :-Altor tho departure of tho last mail steamer business In tbo market did not open out until the 31st ult., whon there was disposed of publicly, ox Cecilia, 076 9 x 3 red deals, dock cargo, which brought i\á. por foot ; ox Sk jold, laths woro qulttod at Ils. to 33s. per 1,000 ; 7,000ft. architraves roali«ed 0). to Os. 9d. por 100ft. lineal ; 8,0001t. mouldings wero sold at 5s. 3d. do. Tho cargo of Oregon timber, ox Nation's Hope, was withdrawn for botter prices, and as higher rates woro offoredprlvatoly, the ontlro cargo wasquitied aftervvardB on terms withhold. Tho balanco of tho Schoolboy's and Storm King's cargo of cedar, in log, was sold llkowlso on the 31st ult., at 17s, Gd. far tho formor, and 15s. for tho latter, per 100ft. On tho 3rd Instant there was sold, ox Hudiksral, 27 piceos treílla work, at 4s. Gd. each ; 30 doors brought 10s.; 12 do., damaged, 7a.; 4ft. Oin. sawn laths. Ex Alcodo, all faults, Ox 3 red denis, ends, realised 3fjd. to 3d. 15-lOths; 11 x 8 do., 3d. 0-10tha to 8Jd. ; 8 x 3 and 8 x 2} do., 33d. per foot for 9x3. Ex Hera, 88,700 4Jft. laths were qulttod at 27s. per 1,000 ; 1,930 doors. 2ft. Oin. x Ott. Oin., lim., D.M.; 2ft. 8in. x Otc. 8In., lila.; 2ft. 8ln. x 0ft. 8in., Igln.j 2ft. 8ln. x Ott, 8ln., llln.; 2tt.8ln. x Oft 8in" l»in.; 2ft. loin, x 0ft. lOIn.. ljtn.; 2tc. loin. x 0ft. 10ln.,l¡¡ln.; 3ft. x 7ft., ljln.; 8ft. x 71t.,13ln.; 3ft. x 7ft" 2ln., woro placed at from Ila 0d. to 22s. Sd. each. No further transactions carno under our notice until this week, when, on the 14th instant, tho Eutorpo'e cargo of rod deals, amounting to 4,000 pieces 7x9, and 11 x 8 red Baltic deals wore got rid of at 4d. 7-10ths to 4Jd. nor foot ; 9 x 8 ox Corsica, 73 000ft. white pine, T. and O., sold at same time, realised £9 2». Gd. to £9 6s. per 1,000ft.; 100,000 4ft. laths wore qulttod at 2ts. to 24B. Od. per 1,000. Ex Hera-180 pieces eprace deals brought 8gd. per foot, 0x3. Ex Mariano-108,000 4Jft. spruco laths wero oloarod off at 25s. Gd. por 1,000 ; 586 doois, 8 x 7 x 2ln. to 2 G X 0 0 X Hin,, D.M., woro Bold at 11s. Od. to 22s. each. Ex ProtGgG-24 405ft. whlto pine eholving, woro placed at ¡Cll-2s. Gd. por 1,000ft. ; 101,800 4Jft. laths, at 23s. 3d. to 25s. per 1,000; 1.10S doors, 8x7, ljfln. to 2-8 x 0 G »In., 11s. to 20s. 8d. each, Ex Hally Bayloy-55,000ft. hardwood woro disposed of at 10s. Gd. to Us. 3d. per 100ft. Tho Uolaistmnd's cargo of 775,0001t. whlto T, and O. flooring was alBo offered on tho same day, and the result of the salo was na follows ¡-6 out woathorbowtls realised 4s. Gd , 4 out 7s. ; G x g whlto O. and T. boaded brought4s. Gd.; 6 x i white boaded 6s. Od., and 0 x ? red T. and G., Os. 3d. Architraves sold at 0s. Gd. to 11s. 3d. ; and 7x8 whlto battons, deck cargo, woro cleared off at 2Jd. per foot. Tobacco,-The utmost dulness has beon experienced In this) market throughout the month. Immediately alter tho last mall left, a demand for low OIBSB twist sprang up, but tho market having boon run boro of such descriptions, vory littlo cams out of It, An Im- proved Inquiry for tho flnor doBCrlptions of twist was also perceptible at same time, but owing to a preva- lent Idea that prlcoB would go lowor, no sales worth special montlon could bo roported. The business done In flat tobaccoes has beon vory trifling, and as stocks of this sort aro extremely heavy, tho prospects are not so promising. Generally speaking, the local trado demand has boon trifling and unimportant, nor his tho monotony experienced boen In any degroo reliovod by any Inquiry for export. The following aro tho principal transactions :-A sale waa held on tho 27th ultimo at tho various bonds, but only 40 casos wero got rid of, at from lOd. to lOJd. for half-pounds, and lOd. for fives; after- wards somo 23 cases Uno Navy fives, Bixos, and half-pounds, woro quitted privately at Is, all round. In tho following week the only parcol dis- posed of privately was 85 casos aromatic half-pounds, sold for export at Old. Two publlo sales wore hold In tho oourso of tho samo »cok. On Wednesday, tho 1st InBt, 100 packages woro sold by auction-pocket pieces realised 9Jd.| to 10d., fancies 7d. to OJd., tens Gd. to 7-Jd,, and half-pounds OJd. On Thursday, tho 2nd, 217 packages of Camoron's tobacco. In faulty con- dition, were cleared off at very satisfactory prlcas. Baven twist brought Is. 2d, to le. 2Jd. ; tens realised Is. SJd. to Is. 4Jd. ; and Ovos, Is. 40. to la. ljd. Our advices fiom America roach to 9th April, and thoso have provod ot a vory favourablo tonor, the only shln montadvised bolng 40 halt and 20 quarter tlorcea. Toe quantity roported from England was 85,0001b. Tbeso ad- vices', though satisfactory, havo not had any material elfeot on tho markot, and In tho mall week ne sales of im- portance wero effected ; on tho 10th, howovor, thoro woro offerod undor tho hammor somo 80 packages damaged tobaccoos, Camoron's mako, whloh woro cleared oil, at Is. 2?d. to Is, Sd. for twist, l8, 4}d for tons, and Is. Sd. for fives. The salo privately also came under our notico ol YonuB tens and flvos, por BritiBh Navy ; ana likewise tho balanco of Two Seas remaining In tho agonts' bands, comprising In all 140 packages. Our trado quotations Bhovv some littlo degree of alteration, owing to ino i eduction of stock in somo descriptions, Low tons, sound, rule at from Od, to lOJd. Half pounds, to long liogloctcd, aré ótico moro beginning to attract attention at from 7d. to OJd. for low. Medium bring lOJd. to Is. Camoron's half pounds and tens command lGd. to 17d. Aromatlo half pounds realise 9d. to Is. ; pounds aro nominal ; navies, Is, to Is. 3d. ; fanclos, Is. 8d. to Is. Gd. ; light pressed Is. Gd. to Is. Od. Twists aro moving oil very slowly. Medium sorts fetch 18Jd. to 14Jd. ; Raven and St, Androw's realise Is, 4d. to Is. 6d. ; and Barrett's, Is. 4d. to Is. Od. Cigars.-Manilla havan nalis, none; cheroots command 70s.; Orraond's aro quitted at 85B. to 87s. Gd. ; German cigars aro saloablo at SOs. to 60s. ; Hamburgh-raado bring 60s. to 120s. ; gonulno Havannah, £10 to £30. Wines and Spirits.-Movctuocta In wines havo hoon of tho most sluggish description ; novoral attompts havo boon made by auction to got' rid of both wines and brandies in larger quantities than can generally bo done In tboordiaary course of trado, but In somo In- stances without much BUCCCBS. On tbo 2nd instant tho strength ot tho markot was tested by the offor of somo vory extensivo parcols, and tho auotloneers succoodod In dieponing of 1,120 cases and 186 hltds. and quarter casks wines and spirits. Forts found buyers at prices ranging from £46 to £80 per pipo, in bond, and shorrlos woro quitted at £21 to £60 por butt. Brandies, in caso, wero disposod of at 10a. Gd. to 27s. 8d-, and in bulk reallsod from 5s. to 6s. Sd. and up to Os. 3d. to Cs. Od. This wook 100 hogsheads and quartor-casks port wlno wore quitted, realising for ordinary to Uno medium ports, £52 to £52 10s. per pipo, In bond ; and for low port, £1010s. to £17 15s. por pipe, In bond ; Burdon's shorty brought, in bond, £65 per butt. Of the exten- sivo parcols of Otard'a and Associatod.brandy.'oSorod at same timo no salea could bo effected, with the excep- tion of a small Uno of Otard, caso, which brought 2ls. For Mai toll's dark brandy we quoto 0s. to 0s. 3d. IlciniCBSy'B palo is saleable at Gs. ljd. to Ga. 3d., 1800 vintage Vino Grower's 'GO Is offering at 6s. Od., '03 cannot be sold uudor 6s. Od. to Gs. For Champagne Vlnoyard wo quoto 6s. Od. A largo parcol of Otard's 'GO brandy was disposed of by auction ; HO quarter casks and 65 hogsheads wore cleared off at 5s. Od. Of Jules Itoblus and Co.'e, 110 hogsheads aud 144 quarter casks mot with purohasor undor tho hammer at 6s. toGs. ljd. For Associated Vineyard up to 5s. Od Is wanted, bul this prlco is out of proportion to tim1; which is accepted for othor brands. U.V. P. is saloablo at 6s. 3d. B, Frore's can be purohasod at 4s. Od., and Ccntral.Vinoyarda tinda buyers at 4s. to 4s. 3d. A fair business has boon dono In Honnossy's caso, but othor brands aro neglocted. bales have beon made at 27s. 3d. in considerable parcols. Martell'a Is Boiling at 21s. Otard's has declined to 21s. to 22s. U.V.P. is quoted at 20s, ; aud Bcnault's has beon quitted at 18s. Gd. In geneva very littlo has been done In tho way of sales ; ho dulness pervading this spirit was, howovor, lu somo degroo roliovod by tho offer, on tho 1st Inst., of ubout 1,000 casos and half-cases, In a damaged con- dition. The cases B. andV. reallsod Ila. Gd., and the half-cases woro sold at Gs. to Gs Gd. For JDKZ, full strength, 18s. 3d. to 13s. Gd. Is obtained. V. II. and Co. and Key aro quoted at 12). Double anchor is moved oil, duty paid, at 60s. V. II. and Co., twonty bottlo cases, wero sold a short timo ago at 10). Oil. Bum, 10 por cont. o.p , Is vory hoavy, and though wo continuo to quoto 3s. 3d., wo fear sales only could bo effected with extremo difficulty. A parcol of Natal rum waB got rid of undor tho hammor at 2s. 3d. Whiskey Is In lltt'o requost. Wo quota from Ss. Gd. to 4s., but sales of Cainpbolton havo boon at up to 4s. Sel. Old tom, Sir B. Burnotl's, roalisos 13s. to 13s. Gd. REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Tho business done In this market during the past month has becn'onhv rostrlctod scale; nor can any con- siderable gonoral Improvement bo anticipated till tbo prcvnlont commercial depression ia relieved, which will probably set bo bofore tho termination of the wlntor season. Prlcos have, however, with few exceptions, been well maintained in tho stocka doalt in, whother of an lnvottmont or speculative character, and In cases whon favourablo development« havo taken place, as In somo of tho quartz mining companies, corresponding advances in markot valuo bavo boen readily established. Tho high rates of interest still given by the banks for money on fixed deposit continues to affeet the market valuo of all Investment Btoeks, and prevents any consldorablo gonoral advance As anticipated In last month's, report, tho proprietors of the National Bank of Australasia adopted at the adjourned meet- ing the proposed new rule, permitting tho reserve fund to bo applied to payment of dividends so long ai tho fund Is not reduced below £100,000, and a divi- dend at rato of 10 per cent, per annum was declared, 'Many of the shareholders would bavo preforrod tho minimum limit to be fixed higher, but as it could not be altered without another meeting which would cause delay, andas It was pointed out that the fund could not be resorted to for the purpose of » dividend, except with the oonsent of the shareholders, they waived their objections until a goneral revision of the bank'« act of incorporation should take place. At the meeting, a vote of thanks was awardod to tho retiring manager, Mr. Wright Mr. E M. Youn< has slnco ontercd on his duties as general mi nager in Melbourne. At the meeting of the Mel- bourne Mcat-prcsorvlng Company, tho shareholders declined to sanction tho proposition to Increaso the capital fur the purpose of opening a branch fac- tory at Ballarat, and steps are now Doing takon to form an Independent company at Ballarat. A public company is about being formed for ' the purchase and working of the foundry and engineering business of the late Enoch Chambers, tho steady progrossof the Langlands' Foundry Company giving encouragement to the outlay of capital in this direction. At the hall yearly meeting of the Polynesia Company Borne dissatisfaction was expressed as. to the large quantity ot land which the dlroctors had disposed of at very low prlcea; the directors, bbwever, explatnod that tho sales had boen necessary to provide funds for the pay- ment of the Fijian debt to the American Govern- ment, and eventually tho accounts were duly passod. Victoria Government six por cent, local debentures havo been In but moderate domand, with sales at £108 to £10810s., closing at £108 ; five por cents, rule at £100. City of Melbourne Corporation six per conto, are in tho market at £107. National Bank of Aus- tralasia have bad a constant demand at very steady rates, sales being made of Adolalde register at £6 17s, Gd. and £5 l8». Od. cum dividend ; of Melbourne register, at £6 to £0 Is. cum dividend, and at £5 10s. to £5 16B. Gd. ox dividend; and of London reglstor, 'at £5 17s. ex dividend. Co- lonial Bank of Australasia have also boen in con- tinuous request, and as tho stock has boen very firmly held, prices have advanced, sales of gnod pareóla being made at £7 IB., £7 Is. 6d.,£7 2< Od., £7 Sa., £7 8s. Od., and £7 6s. Bunk of New South Wales have changed handBat£36 6s. and £30 159., with buyers at latter ptico unsuppllcd. Bank of Victoria were sold at and under £80, but the market has been cleared of low piiced parcels, and £3G 10s. slnco offered by buyers, holders asking £37 10s. No furthor transactions in Union Bank of Australia. Commercial Bank of Australia havo had few transactions slnco last report, and the market value has decllnod ; sellers ask £4 10s , but some have changed hands at lower rates, exact pilco not transpiring ; Mr. Valentino, tho manager, has resigned ; his successor Is not yet ap- pointed. Bank of New Zealand have changed hands at £10 Land Morl gag o Bank firm at £2 8s., at which thoro aro buyors unsupplled. In Gas Company shares thoro has been but little business. Mel- bourne havo been sold at £5 18s. to £8 for £5 paid up ; now lssuo aro offered at 30s. Gd. Colling- wood and Fitzroy aro at £8, Ballarat at £11. and Bendigo at £3 18s. to £4. Insurance Companies. -Southern have been takon to a fair extent at 22s. Australasian Flro and Marino aro worth 8s. Od., and Australasian Lite 17B. to 17s. Oil. Australian Alliance have been sold at 28s. and 20s. National Fire In- surance quilted ropeatedly at 3s. Gd. to 8s. Od. Vic torla Insurance offered at £28. Hobson's Bay Railway Company shares Bold at £64, and aro firm at Bamo. Melbourne Meat preserving Company aro at £5 to £5 2s. Gd. Melbourne Ice Company worth £17. Melbourne OmnlbUB Company's Bharcs sold at 2ls. Od. Bendigo Waterworks Company changed hands at 80?., 82i, and 34s., and have bmcrs at 32). Polynesia Cora Eany shares, with all privileges of land warrants, to bo ad at £2. Mining.-Alluvial Companies.- A comparatively small number of theeo havo boen doalt lo during tho month. Tho leading companies have generally maintained previous quotations, and, of late, an improved tono has been manifested, and in tho case of a few Ballarat companies some advauco in price has been established, but thoro aro a good mauy which aro entlroly neglected, and for which quotations can scarcely bo given. Band and Albion Consols have again had considerable Hue tuatlonB in valuo-sales from 13s. Gd. to 16a., then receded to 10s Gd. cum dlv. of Is Gd. per abare, and finally havo advanced to 14s. ex dividend. Bonshaw have been little dealt in, and the price has rocodod to £180. Great Gulf Company deallnod from 28a. to 21s., but havo latterly been in botter favour, and close bnjors 24s., with no sharos offered. Koh-i-noor Company declined to £G 5s., and havo since risen again to £7 5s. Leviathan have improvod washings, and flharcs havo advanced to £14 16s, Park havo had a small but steady market at £4 17s. Gd. lo £5, closing with £418s. paid. St. George and Band continuo to declino In valuo, and are offered at 82s. Gd., without finding support. Hand and Band Company havo come Into favour, and Bomo large pareóla havo been bought up at £112s. Gd. to £5 0s. for double Issue, now Issue realising 20s. to 81a. Prince of Wales Company havo boon llttlo doalt In, and prices aro rather oaBler; solos at 37s. Od. United Ovons Gold and Tin have Improvod in value ; sales at £3 to £3 2s. 6d" and £3 10s. would now be given. Wellington, Eldorado, havo rocodod to 20a. for paid-up Bbaics, and buyors acareo. Ballarat and Bendigo havo obtained a good prospect, and tho price of eharos has advanced ; bujers at £160, sellorsnsklng £200. Prlnco Imperial sold at 17s. Winter's Freehold continuo ox trenioly depressed, and havo been sold at £715s., by far the lowost prico theeo Bharea have ever roachod. Quart. Companies.-A good oxtent of buslnoss hal been dono, ard some consldorablo advances In valuo have boon established, principally, how over, In tho shares of minos in tho Sand- hurst district, where a good number have been turning out woll, which has led to increased activity in prospecting and developing othors which had beon lying comparatively Idle. Tho largest nuggot reported as found in situ In a quartz lodo, was lost week got in tho Argus Company's mine, at Eaglehawk, Bendigo, at a depth of about 400ft. from tho surface and bos glvon Increased confidonco to prospecting at dopth in quartz minos. Sandhurst Companios. Great Extended Hustler's have paid another dividend of Is. öd. per shara, and have had a moderato btnl nesB, closing at 25s., ex divldond. North Johnson's largoly sold at from 10s. Gd. up to 13s. ; a dividend of Is. doclarod. Hercules advanced from 8s. to 12s , and closed at Ile. Gd. Comet sold, to a moderate extent, at about 5s, St. Mungo Company doalt In at 5s, Od. to 6s. lid. Bollovue Tribute sold in quantity at from £00 up to £80. Tho Hustler's and North Hustler's Companies have improved prospecte, but hwo ffot been dealt in. Considerable businoss has beon dono In a number of Sandhurst tribute companios, many of tho mines there being now worked on thal fystom, which indood is also extending; to Ballarat and other places. Glppj Land Companios havo had a quiet market. Long Tunnel sold at £110, and aro a little easier. Empress declined lirom £23 to £17, at which thoy have mot with support. North Gipps Land advanced to £10, but aro slnco rathor dull of sale. Good Hope Tunnel- ling met a fair inquiry at £10 to £1010s. Rod Jacket, Bright, had considerable eSlos.trom 82a. up to 52s., but the domand has-Blackened, nnd they aro now about 48s. Clunes stocks llttlo dealt In. Now North Olunos havo advanced in value, but not many sharca changed hands, owing to the firmnoss of holders ; buyers at £137. North Clunes Consols havo oasod a little ; salos from £2 16s. to £2 9s. South Clunes sold at £20, but aro since dull, Clunes Company not doalt In, and aro nominal at about £7. Vlotoria offered at £8 16s Hepburn Companies -No. 1 Bouth further declined to 27s , recovered to £2 10s., and have again receded to sellen at about 82s. Crown havo bad a moderato business at 14s. down to 0s. Od., but havo Blnco ad- vanced to 14s, again. Tarnagulla companios not doalt In ; Unitod Povorty aro at 7s. ; South Poverty, Os, Gd ; Cambrian declined to 2Is. Now EntorprlBo, Tarron gow or, are at lOs.Od., and Union Company at Bamo prico. The dividends duo or doolarod sinco departure of last mail amount to £75,731 5s. Of this sum £33.000 Is from one public company othor than mining, viz., tho National Bank of Australasia, and £42,731 5;. from mining companies, viz., £21,285 5i. distributed in 3!) dividends by quartz mining companies, and £18,410 distributed in 19 dividends by alluvial mining com- panies. It will bo Boon that quartz-mining companios continuo to hoad tho list in total amount of dlvtdonds, whllo tho alluvial mining companios give tho largest avorago dividends, tho publia alluvial companios boin? nearly all on a largo scale, while many of tho qu utz companies occupy only a small piece of ground. The dividends in dotait aro as follows ¡-Public company other than mining-Tho National Bank of Am tialosia, half-yearly divldond at rate of 10 por cent, per annum on paid-up capital, £33 000. Tho mining dividonds in detail aro :-For tho woik ending May 28-Golden Flooco Tributo, Sandhurst, 1B. 3d. por 12,000th, £760; Victory Tributo, Sand- hurst, 10B. por 320tb, £100 ; Albion Company, Avoca, 10 per cent, on preference, £100 ; Sadowa Company, Talbot, £1 5s. per 240th, £300; Sadowa Tribute, Talbot, 4s. per 2,000th, £500; Cornish Company, Daj IO' ford, lOi. per 1,300th, £050; North Star Company, Lauriston, 12s. Od. per 2,000th,,£l,250; Park Company, Ballarat, 10a. por 12,800th, £0.400 ; Sultan Company, Blackwood, 6s. per 2 000th, £050 ; BonBbaw Company, Ballarat, £1 por 3,300th, £3 300. The districts from which those dividends aro dorlvod rank in tho following order ¡-Ballarat, £0 G70 ; Lau- riston, £1,250; Sandhurst, £910; Talbot, £500; Daylesford, £060 ; Blackwood, £050 ; Avooa, £100. For the week ondlng Juno 4-OarllBlo Compauy, Sandhurst, £140 per ono eighth, £1,120 ; Now Chum Tribute, Sandhurst, le. Od. por 1,400th. £IU5; StowarL's Tribute, Sandhurst, £12 per 32nd, £384; Passby Tributo Com piny, Sandhurst, Gd per 8 0000th, £200 ; Frazor's Tribute, Sandhurst, Gd. per 20,000th, £600; St. Mungo Tributo, Sandhurst, 7s. Gd. por SOOtli, £300 ; Victoria Company, Tarnagulla, 10i. per 1,000th. £600; Sir John Franklin Company, Wood's Feint, 5s. por 2 400th, £000 ; Union Company, Talbot, 4s. per 200th, £40; Union Furnishing Company, Tal- bot, 4a. por 480th, £9G ; Goldon Stream Company, Scarsdalo, 15s. por 2,000th, £1,500 ; Argus Com- pany, Sandhurst, Is. por 20,000th, £1,000; United Happy Vollov Company, Ovons, 10a, per 4,400th, £2,200. Tho districts from which tho mining dividends oro derived rank in tho following ordor .--Sandhurst £8,009; Ovons, £2,200 ; Soarsdalo, £1,600 ; Woid's Point, £000 ; Tarnagulla, £600 J Talbot, £180. Foi tho week ending Juno 11-Catherine Root United Company, Sandhurst, 2i_por cent, on capltil, £1015 ; Goldon Flocco Tríbulo, Sandhurst, Od. por 12,000th sharo, £150 ; Elliott and Company, Sandhurst, £10 por 12ili sharo, £120; Monumont-hlll Company, Sandhurst, 2Jpor sent, on capital, £250; Morning Light Company, Sandhurst, 4B. Gd. por 3,400th share, £900 ; Bismarck Tributo, Sandhurst, Is. per 1,600th £75 ; Sadowa Company, Talbot. £17s. Gd. por 240th, £880 ; Central Energetic Company, Lauriston, 10J. por 1,600th, £800; Galatea Company, Scarsdalo, 10s. por 2,100lli. £1,050 ; North Garden Gully Company, Sand- hurst, £00 por 24th, £1,440 ; Al Castle RoefCompaay. Itoapborry Oreok, 3s. per 8,640th, £531 ¡ Bute Oom S any, Scarsdalo district, £0 10s. por 40th, £380 ; otlisay Company, Scarsdalo district. £8 por 30th, £240 ; Band and Albion Consols, Ballarat, Is. ltd. por 22,600th, £1 087 10s. ; Vlotoria Company, Torna gulla, 7s. Gd. por 1.000th, £875. The district« from which tho abovo dividends aro obtained rank In the following order:-Sandhurst, £4,850; Ballarat, £1,037 10s. ; Scarsdalo district, £1,070; Lauriston, £800; Raspberry Crook, £631 ; Tarnagulla, £375 ; Talbot, £330. For tho woo_ ondlng Juno l8-Argus Com- pany, Sandhurst, Gd. per 20,C00th, £500; Great Britain Company, Sandhurst, Gd. per 23,100th; £575 10s. ; Bird's Reef Tributo, Sandhurst, 5s. Ser 000th, £160; Stewart's Froohold Tribute, ondhurst, £22 per 82nd, £704; Frazor's Roof Company, Sandhurst, Gd. por 24.000th, £000; Railway Tribute, Sandhurst, 8d. por 23,010th, £283 ; New Chum Tributo, Sandhurst, Is. Gd. por 1,400th, £105 ; North Johnson Company. Sandhurst, Is. per 22,000th, £1,100 ; St. Mungo Tribute, Sandhurst, 6a. per 80Oth, £200 ; Great Extendod Hustler's Bom pany, Sandhurst, Is. Gd. per 28.000th, £2,103; Great Eastern Tribute Company, Sandhurst, £10 7«. per Jth, £82 15s. ; Annabella Company, Sandhurst, Is. per 8,lU0tb, £155 ; Magnum Bonum Company, Mary- borough, 10s. per 450th, £225; Walhalla Company, Walhalla, £1 per 600th, £600 ; Union Furnishing Com pany, Talbot, 4s. per 480th, £96 ; Union Furnishing Tri- bute, Talbot. £816s. per 60th, £43710s. ; Morning Light Companv, Huntly, 2s. per 4,000th, £400 ; Now Moon Company, Eaglehawk, £20 por32nd, £010; Wboal Kitty Company, Smythesdale, £11 per 28th, £308; Try Again Company, Smythesdale, £4 per 20tn, £80; Salamander Tribute, Stolglitz, £80 porono-Blx'h,£t80. The districts from which the above dividend) are ob* .tained rank in tbefollowlngorder :-Sandhurst, £7,691 6B.; Walhalla, £600 ; Talbot, £63310s. ; Steiglitz, £480 ; Smythesdale, £388 ; Maryborough, £225. Summing up the totals ol tho four weeks, tho different mining districts havo paid dividends, and rank as follow : Sandhurst, £16868 6s. ; Ballarat, £11,447 10a. ; Scars- dale, £3,558 ; Ovens, £2,200; Lauriston, £2,050 ; Tal bot, £1,70010-.; Gipps Land and Wood's Point, £1.731; Tarnagulla. £876 ; Daylesford, £050 ; Blackwood, £050; StoigUtz,£480 ; Maryborough. £225 ; Avoca,£l00. Tho comparison of the totals of the mining dlvldonds declared during the several tour woekly mail periods stands thus : January.£20,836 February 20 . 51,600 MarchS6., . 47,030 April 23 .. .. _ .. . .. .. 44.810 May 21 _ . « .. 60.014 June l8. 42 261 Total for this year to dato.£205,041 It must, of course, be remembered that the divi- dends obtained by private companies are not In- cluded In the returns, and that somo oven of the public companies do not report, so that a con- siderable further sum would havo to bo added to the abovo amount in forming an estimate of tho total profits divided by mining companies. The following are tho principal yields reported during the month, all under 20oz. bolng excluded :-Sir John Franklin Company, Wood's Point, 220DZ. for fortnight ; Cam- brian Company, Tarnagulla, 60Joz. ; Happy- go-Lucky, CroEB-ovcr Creek, 105oz ; Old Happy Company, Happy go-Lucky, 1640Z ; Good Hope Tnnnolllng, Crooked River, H6oz.; United Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla, 70oz ; South Poverty Consols, Tarnagulla, 53oz. ; Anchor of Hope, Crooked River, S6JZ, ; Union Company, Talbot, 192oz. ; Hoffnung Company, Talbot,»23oz. ; Walhalla Company, Walhalla, 604oz ; Cambiivi Company, Tarnagulla, SOoz. Sandhurst District. \- Victoria Gold Mines Company, 160nz. 12dwt.; Hercules Company, OOoz. lldwt. 12gr. ; Cathe- rine Beef Company, 176oz. ldwt., from 610 tons; Albion Company, 31oz. 6dwt. ; Golden Age, 73oz ; Golden Fleece Tributo. 267oz. lOdwt. ; Victory Company. 6Soz. 18dwt. I2gr. ; Victory Tribute, G5oz Sdwt. ; Wind-mill Hill Company, OOoz. 2dwt. ; Little Chum Company, 52oz 8dwtl2gr.;Try Again Company, 2702\. lGdwt. ; Kneebone and Jcffioy, Snob's hill (Providence Company), 144oz. 12dwt. ; Golden Pyke Company, 49oz. lOdwt. ; Frederick the Great Com- pany, 244oz. 16dwt. ; Johnson's Reef Company, 5loz lSdwt» ; Nil Desperandum, Raywood, 107oz. lOdwt. ; John Wybrant'a, fron 83 loads, 50oz ; Porsovorance Company, Raywood, 2loz. 14dwt ; Monday Company, West Carshalton Reef, 80oz. Odwt. 12gr. ; Victoria Gold Mines, lEOoz. 12dwt. 12gr. ; Elliott and Co., John- son's Reef, 55oz. lBdwt. ; Elliott's Claim, 57Joz. ; Bell and Watson, 811oz. 8dwt. ; Extondod Hustloi'a Company* 305OZ. 15dwt. ; Bismarck Tributo Company, 76oz. 3dwt. 12gr. ; Argus Company, Sa'lor's Gully, 2G5oz. 17dwt. ; Now Moon Company, 84uz. lldwt. 12gr. ; St Mungo Company, lOSoz. 8dwU ; North JohnBon'sCompany, 84oz. lOdwt.; Alliance Compwy, 86oz. 4dwt. ; BtltlBh Tribute Company, SOoz. ; Morn Ing Light Company, 141oz. ; Telegraph Company, 60oz. 4dwt. ; Johnson's Reef Company, 48JZ. 2dwt. ; Great Britain Company, lOOoz. ; Star of the East Company, Marong, 41oz 8dwt, from 10 loads ; Stewart's Freehold Tributo Company, 164oz. 2elwt. from 90 loads ; Cumberland Tributo Company, Whip Reef, 28oz. 12dwt.; New Chum Tributo Company, 63oz. ; Myrtle Crook Company, 45oz. lEdwt. ; Princo Alfred Tribute Company, SOoz 6dwt. 12gr.; Wills and Company, Napoleon Reef, Sloz. Odwt.; Huntly Deep Lead Extended Company, 65oz. ldwt.; Alabama Com £any, Huntly, 27oz. 17dwt; Lowor Huntly Deep ead Company, 65oz. ; Froscr's Roof Mining Com pany, Goldonsquare, 102oz. 7dwt. for fortnight; Pass-by Tribute Company, Gardon Gully, HOoz 7dwt. ; Annabella Company, 4Goz. 14dwc 12<r. ; North Garden Gully Company, 530oz. 18dvvt. ; Golden Fleece Tributo Company, 191oz. 5dwt. ; Victory Com- pany, lOloz. 7dwt. ; Victory Tributo Company, 03oz. 16dwt. ; Central Garden Gully Tribute Oompiny, 28oz. I2dwt. ; Victoria Reef Gold Mines Company, 147oz. 2dwt. ; Nil Desperandum Company, Raywood, 08oz. lOdwt. ; Royal Oik Company, S24oz lldwt. ; Windmill Hill Company, 133oz. 12dwt. ; Bollo vuo Tributo Company, 135oz. 13dwt. ; La Bello Company, 60oz Odwt. : Who can-toll Company, New Zealand Reef (Scaddon's tribute), 32 >z. 5dwt.; North Cathorino Company, 73oz. lldwt. from 2G loads ; Frederick the Groat Company, Sebastian, lSGoz. lOdwt,; Johnson's Reef Company, 32oz. l&dwt.; 18gr.; Collmann and Taechl'a Company, 81oz. lOdwt.; Albion Company, Kangaroo Gully, Oloz. 4dwt. ; Sandhurst Company, 38oz. ldwt ; Milba and Rear- don, 34oz. ldwt.; Myrtlo Crock Company, 23 ,i. Scwt. ; Bobin Hood Company, 37oz. lOdwt, 12/r.; Poscoo's Company (Long's tributo), 89oz. 4dwt. Ogr. from 10 tena ; Catherino Keel United Company, 312oz. Odwt. Ogr,; Hercules Company, lOOoz. lOdwt; South Devonshire Tribute Company, 2loz. 16dwt. Ogr. ; North Spcclmon-hlll Company, 32oz. 8dwt ; Great Eastern Company, Oloz. lldwt ; Annabella Company, 88oz. Odwt. ; West of England Company, 40oz. 16dwt.; Stewart's Tributo, 248oz,; Now Chum Cora Ëany, C2oz. lOdwt.; Alabama Company, 38oz. 4dwt.; [untly Deep Lead Extended Company, Sloz. 12dwt.; Lowor Huntly Dcop Lead Company, OOoz ; York and Dutham Company, OOoz,; Great Extondod Hustler's Company, 420oz. lOdwt.; Royal Oak Company, Der- went Gully, 78oz. 18dwt. from 88 loads ; Bis- marck Tribute Company, CSoz 8dwt.; Argus Com- pany, Sailor's Gully, 1440Z. 19dwt., and about 102iz. lrom specimens ; New Moon Company, Moon Reef, 1630Z. Odwt. 12gr. ; Who-can-Toll Company, New Zea- land Reef (Scaddon's tribute), 47oz. lOdwc. ; Shellback Company, 24oz, Odwt. 12gr. ; Hustler's Company, 88iz. 19dwt. Ggr. ; Railway Tribute Company, 177oz. 5dwt. 12gr.; North Johnson's Company, 179.Z. 17dwt ; St. Mungo Company, 20áoz. 2dwt 12gr.; British Tributo Company, Napoleon's Reef, 49oz. 4dwt. from 31 tons. Ballarat district yields, as summarised by the " Bal- larat Star":-Alluvial.-Australasian,370oz ; Albion, Avoca, lOloz.; Band and Albion Consols, l.GIOoz ; Bonshaw, 1.532oZ. ; Bute, Slloz. ; Break-o'-Day, 210oz ; Cruoiblo, 2ioz'. ; Durham, 237oz. ; Great Gulf, OlOoz. ; Great Northern Junction, 607oz. ; Golden Lake, 712oz. ; Golden Stroam, l,2lGoz. ; Grand Trunk, Creswick, 209 iz ; Golden Point, Creswick, 23oz. ; Galatea, 785oz ; Hit or Miss, 87oz. ; Innes's Freehold, 86oz.; Loviathan, l,871oz.; Magnum Bonum, 6460Z. ; Nieholl's Freehold, 822oz. ; Nightlniralo, 74oz.; Novor-oan-TolI, 274oz.; NU Desperandum,'19oz ; Park, 2.071OZ. ; Princo of Wales, Sebastopol, 809oz.; Prince of Wales, Carngham, 18oz ; Princo Imperial, 50oz ; Pheonix, 15oz.; Rothsay, 342oz ; Royal Standard, 62oz. ; RoEO-hlll, 83oz. ; Reform, Carngham, 41oz. ; Reform, Haddon, 294oz. ; Sons and Doma, lGSoz.; Mt. George and Band of Hopo United, Ollnz.; Sadowa, 022oz ; Try Again, 88oz ; Union, Talbot, 200oz.; Work- ing Miners', Godfrey's Creek, 289oz. ; Whoal Kitty, 177oz ; Wellington, 172oz. ; total, 41 companies, 18,22 toz. Quartz.-Albion, Steiglitz, OOoz.; Ballarat and Carng- ham Consols, 780Z.; Costerfield, 104az.; Frooluld United, 227oz ; Goldsborough, 84oz.¡ Greenock, 107oz ; Bomoward Bound, Scotchman's, 81oz ; Hercules, SOoz.; Isis, lOloz ; Keovil, 32oz ; Langridge, 44oz ; New North Clunes, 2,344oz.; No. 1 South, Hopburn, 18oz.; Port Phillip, 850oz.; Queen Victoria, OGiz.; Red Streak, S2oz.; South C1 unos, 202oz.; Sultan, 119oz.; Speedwell, 43oz.; Star of tho Weat, GOoz ; United Happy Valley, l,S20oz ; Victoria, Clunes, HOoz.; Victoria, Gordon, 48oz. Total, 23 companius, 0,449oz. MONTHLY WOOL REPORT. Messrs. R. GoMSunouou and Co. report :-" Wool. -During tho past month wo havo only hold ona auc- tion salo, whon 844 bales woro offored, all of which wero sold. Wo havo received Into store several lots from tho Darling, which will moBt probably bo offered next week. The Inquiry for all descriptions continuos to bo good, and wo can readily soil what has como to hand at late rates. Tho advices received by tho mail aro considered to bo of a satisfactory nature. Since tho departure of the last mall we havo had f AVourab'o rains, and thoro Is ovory prospect of our having an ex- cellent clip. Tho following ships bavo cleared since our last summary :-May 21, Norfolk, 783 ba'es ; May 21, Dovor Castlo, 821 balos ; May 81, Loch Earn, 1.410 bales; Juno 15, Groat Britain, 735 balos. Total, 3,784 Previous shlpmonts,' 195,600 bales. Total October 1, 18G9, to date, 109,844 bales; corresponding period ot lost year, 205,143 bales ; docroaso, 6,709 bales. Wo give tho following as being the quotations now cur- rent :-Greasy-lnforlor, 4Jd. to 5Jd. ; ordinary, Gd. to 7d. ; average to good, 7d. to 8d. ; good to superior, 8d. to 0d- Flecco-Inferior, lOd. to lid. ; ordinary, lid. to l8 ; average to good, ls.tols. 3d. ¡good to supe- rior, 1B. 2d., to Is. Gd. Scoured-Inferior, Od. to lid. ; average lid. to Is. 2d.; good, Is 2d. to Is. Gd. Thoro Is very littlo offering, and the prlcos aro nominal. Sheepskins.-Largo quantities continuo to bo sold at nur sales. Competition is good, and lato rates havo boen fully maintained. Wo havo sold tho ordinary grcon skins of the month at from 2«. Gd. to 4s. (Id. each, and dry Dkies tromSJd. to 5Jd. per lb. Hldos. -There has beon an average supply during tho month, which has all boon taken for local consumption. Good conditioned wot Bailed aro worth frem 8Jd. to 8Jd. por lb. Groon hldos, heavy weights, from 18s. to 25s., and light weights from 12s. to 18s. each. Calfskins aro worth from 4d. to 4Jd. per lb. Tallow.-Prices havo been well main- tained, notwithstanding tho slight decline in the home market. This artlclo oontinues to be in groat domand, and our Bales pass off with good competition. Mutton is worth from £35 10s. to £36 15s. portón, at which prico we bavo Bold several large parcols. Mixed from £84 to £35, and beef from £33 to £85 10s. per ton. The shipments of the month aro:-May 20, Strath- don, 600 casks 232 packages: May 21, Norfolk, 105 casks ; Dovor Castle, 604 casks ; May 31, Loch Earn, 1,004 casks, 111 packages. Total-2,279 casks, 343 packages." THE LONDON AXD AUSTRALIAN AOKNCY CORPORATION LIMITED furnish the following monthly report for transmission per Malta :-" Wool-During the past month thoro bavo boen four small auction sales, at which 824 bales wero catalogued, the bulk of which wero disposed of, each sale commanding a vory good attendance of buyers and splrltod competition, satlu factory prices being reallsod. Tho advices by last Incoming mall, which arrived horo on tho Gth inst., gave a rather steadier tone to our markot, as rather too sanguino expectations wero entortainod of od voncodl prlcos. There continue to bo plentiful falls of rain In tho country, which, though causing in some Instances soi tous losses, will ho more than counter- balanced by tho obundantsupply of feed for stockB, and the prospects for tho coming eil paro as yot vary favour- ablo, both as to quantity and condition. Prices aro stoady, and our quotations remain unaltorod, viz. Greasy-lnforlor, 4d. to 6Jd.; modlum, Gd. to 7d.; good, 7Jd. to OJd. Bllpe-Inferior, 5d. to 6Jd.; mo- dlum, 7d. to 8Jd ; good, 9d. to Ila. Scoured-In- ferior, Od. te lOd.; modlum, lOJd. to I2JiL; good, 13d. to 10Jd.; superior, 17d. to 21d. Floeco-Inferior, 9c). to 100.; medium, lOJd. to 12d ; good, 12JeL to lOJd., nono offering ; superior, 17d. to 20d., none offering. Tho shipments of tho month amount to 3,777 bales. Tho following BhlpB have cleared stneo our last: May 21-Dover Castle, 821 balos ; Norfolk, 781 do. ; May 81-Loch Earn, 1,440 do. ; Juno 15-Great Bri- tain, 786 do. Total, 8,777 balos ; to which add pre- vious 1870 shipments, 196,900 do,-total. 199,077 balos. Tho'wookly Bhlpmonts have been as follow :-For the wcok onding May 21-603,6511b., value £20 861; May 28-Nil; June 4-845,7831b., valuo 21,677; Juno 11 NiL Total, 819,8311b ; total valuo. £51,438 Add previous shipments from 11th Soptember, 18G9, to 14th May, 1870 - 46,049,0021b., valuo £2.670,767. Total, 47,409,2301b.; total valuo, £2,722,106. Tallow. -A fair quantity has boen brought forward, and satisfactory prlcos have been realised, tbo market remaining steady and firm. Wo quoto mutton £35 to £8016«.; mixed, £3110a. to £3117s. Gd ; bref. £31 10s. to £3510s. por ton. The shipments of the mooth amount to 1,777 casks and 4 tanks. Hides.-Tho de- mand continuos steady at former rates, viz.-Heavy- weights, 18s. to 26s.; light-weights, 12i. to 18s. Gd. each ; dry hides. 6d. to Gd. per lb. Sheepskins.-Great quantities are coming forward, which aro now very good, and realise equally high prices. Green skins sell from 2s. Gd. to 6s. each ; dry skins, from SJd. to 7d. per lb. Grain.-Our weekly sales bavo been well attended, and full market values have been realised on all lots sold, wheat realising from 4s. 9a. to 5s. O.d ; oat«, 3s. 2d. to 8>. 6d ; barloy (Cape), 3a. 3d.; do. (Eng- lish), s>. 8d., all fair samples." Messrs. BASTIN GB CUSISOIIAM and Co.'s Monthly Ro port, Season 1809 70.-"Wool.-Slnceour last monthly report there havo beon a few small pub io Bales of wool held In Melbourne, the catalogues of willoh con aisled In chief of clips from the Darling district, that bad been detalnod on tho stations owing to the low Btato of the river. Tho late rains, however, have allowed steamer communication to bo recommenced, and we aro glad to report that appoaranccs for th* pastoral Interest« look most encouraging. Excellent prices have been obtalrod at tho wool sales, and quotations are :-For greasy, from 5d. to lOJd. por lb. ; and scoured, lid. to 18d. per lb. A portion of a washed clip from Queensland sold at from 12}d. to lSJd. por lb. The ship monts since last report are as follows ¡-From Hob son's Bay-Strathdon, 0S7 bales oleared 20th May; Norfolk, 761 bales 21st May ; Dovor Oastle, 821 bales, 21st May ; Loch Earn, 1,440 bolos, 31st May ; Great Bl I tain, 735 bales, 16th Juno. Total, 4,464 biles. Previous shipments, 101,184 bales. Total shipments from October 1,1869, to June 16,1870, 108,693 bales Corresponding periods 1868 60, 211,462 bales ; 18G7 68, 200,312 bales; 1800 67. 162 011 bales. Tho following ships aro loading;-The Crusador, which will tako about 700 bales, and the Superb, about 600 balos. Sheepskins.-Thoro have been largo quantities sold at all the puhllo sales hold during tho month, the prlcos realised being very satisfactory, ßutclior»' .roon skins brought from 2s. 3d. to 5s 3d. each, and dried station Bklna from 4d. to 7d. per lb. Hide«. There have been good supplies forward, which wore readily diBpoBod of at an improvement In value upon lato quotations. Heavy weights sold at from 23?. to 27s. Gd. each, lightweights at from 12a. to 18a., and calfskins at from 4d. to 4$1. por lb. Tho Loch Earn takes 1031 hides. Tallow. -During the past month this article bas boen freely offered, and our eales poasod off with good com- petition. Good mutton brought from £30 to £37 Ga. per ton ; beef from £35 to £30 ; and mixed, from £83 to £36. Tbo shipments since last report amount to 2,272 casks, 232 tins, 4 tanks, and 111 packages. Kangaroo Skids.-There Is nothing to report iu thia market. We have few inquiries, and the supply for- ward is very limited. Quotations aro nominal." SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORTS. Mes6rB. ALFRED WOOLLEY and Co. roport: " Throughout tho last four weeko a steady demand has existed for tonnago, which, considering tho low rates of freight at present ruling, has resulted In a greater number of transactions than might havo boon - anticipated. Settlements havo principally been tor coal frolghts, which, slnco last mail's arrival, aro less firm, tho latest transactions displaying a weakness in the markot. Thoro is, nevortholoss, a fair inquiry yot for ships io load at Newcastle for China, India, and San Francisco, and at our quotations ohartors can readily bo perfoetod. Tho s s. Groat Britain, with a large number of passengers of all cloates, and a full cargo, left tho bay en tho 10th for Liverpool. Fur London, the Loch Earn cleared on tho 31st ult, and the berth is now occupied by the Superb, Suffolk, Crusader, and Asia. Tho last-named being a very large thip has dlspolled whatever hopo there might havo been of freights improving. Wo soo little pros- pect of a return to remunerative figure« until tho effect of the Suez Canal has posBod away, for ship masters, in vlow thoreof, are exceedingly averso to so scoking in India or China waters, and consequently while this state of thing continues, tho berth for London will bo overcrowded with tonnago, producing excessively low rates-a result which must ovontually bring about its own remedy. Tho transactions of the month aro as follows, viz :-To load coal at Now castle, the Llzzlo (314), at 16a. ; Hora (333), and Chasca (C28) at 16s. Od., for Hong Kong. Th i Eblana (1,351), at 2Si. ; Weathoratlold (1,051), at 25s. ; Conlea (1,200) at 24s. Od. ; and Harlech Castle (1,111), at 2Gs , for San Francisco. Talisman (426), and Esme- ralda (884), at 15s. for Java, from whonco they aro chartered to return to tho colonies at 35s. per ton. Tho Cleopatra (243), gets 28s. for coal to Honolulu, and from tbonce is to proccod to Malden Island, to load guano for Melbourne. The Madras (1,285), accepted a lump sum of £800 for tbo convoyanco of horses ti Madras and cargo to Calcutta ; and tbo Loch Lomond a similar amount for horses direct to Ca'cutta. The Isabelle (270), and David and Jessie (142), laka on bono manure, to Colombo at usual rates. The Koh-i-noor 280), obtained a monthly charter at £250 per month n addition to theso engagements, tho Sea Ripple has Balled for Swan River, tho Oathorlno Fullarton loads for tho Mauritius, and tho Toin Essor for Natal. Tho ships Glencorso and Glondovon arrived out under home engagoment to load coal for San Francisco. Tho following Bhlps havo changed bands lately :-Eliza Shairp, 303 tons register, for £1,200; Princo Victor, 294 tons roglstor, for £2,260 ; E. M. Young, 344 tons register, £4,460 Freight quotations are:-For Loudon.-\Yool,}d.andj¡d.porlb ; oil, 40s. per tun ; leathor and bark, 30a. ; tallow, 261 ; mcaBuromcut,25s For Hong Kong-Chinóse passengers, £4 por head. For Bombay, 26B. to 80s. por reghtor ton. Fremantle to Calcutta, 2s. Od. cieh for Bloepera. Newcastle to Shanghai, 23«. ; Hong Kong, IGa. 61. ; Calcutta, 10s. ; Bombay, 23s. ; Java, 14s, ; San Fran cleco, 24s." Mr.S. DE Bwm report« ¡-"The same absonco of ani- mation in freights to England which was currant at date of my circular of 21st ult. still continues, as was then looked forward to, yet the transactions of tho past month, as noted bolow, will bo found to compare not unfavourably with thoso of the samo season la it year, as also for several years past. The cloarancos for England, having regard to season, havo boon upon a fair average scalt, and comprise the Strathdon, Dover Castle Norfolk, and Loch Earn, for London, bosldes tho Brent Britain, a s., for Livorpool ; tho berth homo, wards being now occupied by the Crusader, Suporb, Suffolk, and Asia, all for London, Oolontal pro- duce of all descriptions, including gold, baa boon scarce during the month, still the same rates of freight current during last month aro now belog paid-viz., Jd. per lb. for greasy, and f 1. for scoured wool ; leather, 80s. ; mimosa bark, 30s. ; tal- low, 20s. to 25s-all por ton of 20 cwt. Preserved moats, in cases, 30s. per 40 cubic feet, Tho season's slackness already referred to In shipments will no doubt continuo until tho commencement of our next year's exports, which will commence in Octobernoxt; and OB there will doubtless be quite as much produce available for shipmout as was the coso last saison, with the addition of recent advices from homo boing in favour of fowor suitable ships rosorling to tho port, it is reasonable to supposo that the rates of frolght during next year will bo upon an enhanced scalo. Although the season for arrival at home is favour- able for passengers leaving hero, still tho traffic con- tinues quiet, tho best indication of which Is the fact ol tho favourlto stoamor Great Britain having cleared out on 15th Inst., for Livorpool, with an unusually small numbor, having only about 50 In tho saloon, and 350 in tho Intermediate and Bteorago, being great'y under her usual complement. A fair amount of chartorlngbuslncBshas been effoctod during the month, the following boing tbo transactions which have to bo reported, viz. :-The Fronch barque Isabolle, a full cargo of bone manuro for Colombo (Ceylon), at 22H ; BchoenorCatherlnoFnllorton, grain (oonslstlngof brend Btuffs and horeo feed) tor Mauritius, at 20s ; both ships loading hero, and with coal« via Nowcastlo tho Dutch barques PaBBarcoangnnd Cornella Matlii'do to a port in Java at 15s. ; Nonh-German schoonor Honolulu, for Banda, 22s. ; Norwegian barquos Talisman and Holme strand, each at I5a., and returning with sugar at 351 ; iron BCbooncr Cleopatra, 25s to Honolulu, and 45s for guano from Maldon .iBland to Molbourno; North Geiman barquo Llsslo, IGa. to Hong Kong ; while the ship Eblana gots 28a. for San Franeisco ; hut this ex- tremo rata has boen paid under exceptional drouin Blance«, and nothing approaching It Is In ordinary COBOS procurable. Tho EeaBon for the thlpment of horses for India boing unfavourable for arrival thoro, only ono ship has boen takon up for that employment for Calcutta, viz.-the Loch Lomond, at £800, char- terers finding all requisites, tho ship, in addition, hav- ing the liberty of taklngraiiway sleepers fordeadweigh', which aro procurablo at 10s. pur ton. For Colombo a small vessel is wanted also for convoyanco of stock, but tho rato offered boing a low ono no businoss has yet resulted. As tho proper eoason comes round a large and brlBk trado ia anticipated In thia now im- portant branch of shipping businoss. For the Fiji lslands"tho colonial-owned barquo Koh 1 noor has boen talton up, to proccod thonco with cargo and passen gors, returning to this port via Nowcastlo, on terms kept private while tho brig Anna and schooner Orita are also advertised for same destination on ownors' ac- count. Several Bhlps aro required to load cools at Nowcastlo for tho following port« at the ratos quoted, viz-Calcutta, 20s; Bombay, 25a.; San Francisco, 24s. to 25s.; Hong Kong, lGs To load guano at Mal- don for the United Kingdom a low handy-sized vessels can be placed at former rates. Coal freights from Newcastle to this port have to some extent im Ç roved, 12s. being now freely paid to Hobson's Bay. bo charter of the Amorlcan barquo Chasca, with Chlncso to Hong Kong, reported In my last month's circular, was subsequently cancollod, being substi- tuted by tho colonlal-ownod ship Oholsoa, shortly expected to arrive, at the usual figuro of £4 por hood, tho ship finding fuel and water. Tho sales of shipping concluded during tho month embrace only tho Princo Victor, 294 tons register, 7 years Al, built in 1864 at Princo Edward's Island, at £2,250 ; and tho E. M. Young, 845 tons, 9 years Al, built at Dundoo lastyoar, at £4,450." MELBOURNE MARKETS. WEDNESDAY, JUNE IS. THE MILLS. Business has shown some Improvement, but stocks aro still very light, and transactions aro almost con- fined to tbo supply of the curront wants of town dealers, In barloy and oatmeal some transactions havo boen effected on Intercolonial orders. Quotations aro ¡-Flour, £1110s. ; bran, Is. Id. to Is 2d.; pollard, Is. 3d. to Is. Gd. ; meal, £20; pearl barloy, £24. RETAIL MARKETS. Butch ors' meat, poultry, and eggs rulo firm, at last week's quotations. Butter comos forward somewhat more freely, and prices are easier In tone. Tho curront rates aro :-Boot, 4d. to Od. por lb. ; mutton, 2Jd. to 4Jd. per lb.; veal, Gd. per lb. ; pork, 8d. per lb. Poultry.-Fowls, 4s. to 6s. 6d. per pair ; geese, 9s. to 11s. do. ; ducks, 6B. to 6s. do. ; turkoys, 10s. to IBs. do. ; cheese, 8d. to 1B. 4d. per lb. ; eggs, 2" to 2s. Gd. per dozen ; butter, Is. 2d. to 1B. 8d. per lb.; bread, Od. per 41b. loot; milk, Gd. por quart; hams, Is. to Is. id. per lb. ; bacon, lOd. to I«. 2d. per lb. EASTERN HARKET. Thero WOB a poor supply of produco brought forward this morning. The attendance of purchasers, however, was about equal to tho average on Wednes- day mornings, and the market was cleared early. The current prices were a« follow ¡-Vegetables. Jerusalem artichokes, ljd. to 2d. per lb.; basil, Is. per dozen bunches ; bcot, 0d. to IB. por dozen bunches ;, bouquot«, Os. por dozen ; broccoli. Is. Od. per dozen ; cabbages, Is. to 2s. Od. per dozen ; carrot«, Od. to Is. per dozen bunches; cauliflowers, IB. Gd. to 0s. per dozen; celery, 2s. to 5s. per dozen ; garlic, 3d. per lb.; honoradlsh, 2s. to 6s. per dozen bunches ; look, Is. por do¿on bunches ; lettuco, Gd. to Is. Gd. per dozon bunches ; marjoram, Od. to Is. per dozen bun- ches; mint, 6d. to DU. per dozen bunches; onions, driod, Gs. to 8s. por cwt. ; onions, green, Gd. per dozon bunches ; parsley, Gd. to Od. per dozen bun- ches; parsnips, Is. to 1B Gd. per dozon bunches; peas, 3d. per lb ; pótateos, 3s. Od. to 4«. per cwt.; pota- toes, young,, Ga. to 7s. per cwt.; pumpkins, 6s. to 10s. por dozen ; radishes, 4d. to Gd. per dozen bunches ; rhubarb. Is. to 2a. per dozen bunches ; sage, 01. per dozen bunches ; savoys. Is. Gd. per dozan ; shallot«. 3d. per lb.; spinach, l.d. per lb. ; thymo, 6d. to Od. per dozen bunches ; turnips, Is. öd. to 2». por dozon bunches ; tomatoes, Id. per lb. ; vege- table marrows, 2s. Od. per dozen. Fruits.-Apples, 2d, to 4d. per lb; oranges, Od. to Is. per dozon; melons, preserving, 3s. to 6s. per dozen ; pears, 2d. to 4Jd. per lb. Dalry Produce.-Butter. Is. to Is. _d, Ser Ib.; checte, lod. to Is. per lb.; duck», ia. to 6a. 1, per pair; eggs, 2s,to 2«. 3d. per dozen; geeeo,'8i. to 10B. per pair; hens, 3s. Gd. to 4s. per pair; pigeons, 2s. to 3a. per pair ; rabbit«, Is. Gd. to 2a. per pair ; turkeys. 10B. to 15s. por pair ; hams, Is. per lb.; bacon, lOd. por lb. LIVE STOCK. i Messrs. DALUAHOY CAMPBELL and Co. report : "Fat Cattle-1 ho last lour market« here'havo boen fully supplied, an average of over 1,200 head having East ed through the yards each week ; consequently oef has fallen in value about 2s. Gd. per 1001b-, and can now bo quoted at 20a. to 22a. Od. for top pona, and 15s. to 17s. 6d. medium quality; this, wo think, will be about the ruling figure during tbo wlntor months, except, porhapB, in an occasional scarce market. We havo this week sold 210 head for Mr. Oyrua K Smith, Gravel Plains, bullocks, averaging £5 16s, 4d. ; cows, £4 ISa ; 61 bullocks for Mossni. lurnbull and Henderson, Loyang, at £5 10s. ; 86 for Menais. Wm. Thomson, E. H. Simmons, and executors af R. Thomson, at from £6 to £8 16s. i Fat Sheep bave not'been arriving in such largo num- bers as waa expected, about 20.000 being yarded weekly; yet It has proved to be tully over require- ments, as prices aro from Is. to 1B. Gd. por hoad under our IsBt monthly quotations. This depression, in tho face of lighter supplies, IB caused by the absonco of competition from the meat-preserving companies, whoBO limit is about 2d, por Ib., sinking tbo offal; consequently tbo only Improvement lookod for IB in tho Increased value of tbo alilna. Our silos this wook havo been 4,030 ewoa and wethers for Messrc Webster and Macfarlane, Paika, at from 9a. to 18s., topping tho markot for Riverina sheep. 1,493 wethers for Messrs. Wb. and K. T. Reid, Tolarno, 8s. 6d. to Od.; 610 cross-bred ewes and wothors for the executors of the lato Mr. John Calvert, Irre- warra, at from 10a. to 15s. ; and 309 wothors (light weights) for tho Hon. W. J. T. Clarko, Bolinda Vale, at 9s. Store Stock.-Inquiries for cattle are becoming moro numerous, and prices aro likely to rule firm throughout the wlntor. We quote boat cows and bullccks over tbreo years old at from 70s. to 06a. ; mixed sexes over tw o years, 06?. to 76'. For grown sheep there IB also an increasod doniand, and prices aie likely to advance. Wo quote owes and wilthorn from 4B. Cd. to 6s. Od. Brooding ehcop not BO Baloable." SHIPPING OE THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AKD CLKARAKCES SI.NCK OUR LAST SUMMARY. [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Cb., Chilian ; P., FortiurueBo ; H., Hamburg; Hn., Hanovarlan ; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G., North Gorman, 8., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian ; Bclg., Bolgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian; R., Russian ; B., ship; b., barquo; br., brig; se, schoonor; s.a., steamer.] . May. ARRIVED. 21\. Suporb, B. a., 1.451, E. Jonos, London.-J. H. White and Co. 22\. Harlech Castlo, B, s, 1,111, H. Davies, Liverpool. Bright Brothors and Co. 24\. Silistria, B. a., 612, Jos. Walker, London.-A. lindarían and Co. 26\. Loch Lomond, B. s., 1,200, Lloutonant Oharlei Groy, R.N.R., Glasgow.-A. Macfarlan and Co. 20\. British Navy, B. B., 1,216, William Portor, Liver- pool.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 27, Corsica, A. s., 1,200, J. A. Hnvcnor, Now York. R. Towns and Co. 27\. RosoM-.B. b,868,W. S. Pendleton Calcutta. Lange and Thoncman. 27\. Mohely, F. b., 806, M. Ronler, Bordeaux.-Curcier and Adot. 27\. David MU! Jessie, B. se, 142, R. M'Mlchon, Co- lombo.-Pigott Brothers and Co. 27\. Ariel, B. b., 454, F. J. O. Andrews, Mauritius. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 27\. Talisman, N. b., 420, O. JohnBSsn, Mauritius. Victorian Sugar Company. 27\. Tein Esser, N. G. se, 120,1. H. Graumann, Port Natal.-Turnbull, Smith, and Co. 28\. Hera, A. b., 3S8, J. H. Kent, BoBton -Nowell and Co. Juno. 1\. Blalimoro, B. br, 223, R. Nicol), Mauritius.-Da' gety, Blackwood, and Co. 2\. Esmeralda, F. b, 334, F. de Gouyon, Charente Bligh and Harbottlo. 2\. Llssio, N. G. b, 814, A. Otson. Mauritius.-Joahui Brothers. 2\. Glengulin, B. s., 894, W. S. Garrloch, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Cn. 4\. Suffolk, B. s., 974, G. II. Miller, London.-W. P. White and Co. 6\. Goolong, R.M.S.S., 1,581, R. T. Dundas, Gallo.-F. R. Kondall. 6\. Holmestrand, N. h, 400, N. H. Kjlor, Frcdorlck stadt.-W. J. Greig and Co. 6\. River Boyno, B b., 408, C. Hillman, Mauritlu". -Turnbull, Smith, and Co. 8\. Mariano, A. b., 649, A. H. Bearse, Boston. Newell and Co. 9\. Protege, A. br., 214, J. Knowles, Boston. Osborn, Cuebing, and Co. 11\. Gloncorso, B. B.. 1,040, Robt. Vf. Parr, Livorpool. -Dickson, Williams, and Co. 11\. Schiedam, D. s., 690, P. Houtkooper, London. Virgoo, Son, and Co. 11\. Victor, A. b., 000, Warron Wasa, New York. Lord and Co. 13\. Glendevon, B. s., 954, J. W. Dineley, London. Geo. Martin and Co. 13\. Kassa, B. b., 324, Josiah Lo Gros, Mauritius. Victoria Sugar Company. CLKAKKD OUT. May. 21\. Dover Castle, B. s., 1,003, A. G. Tucker, London. -J. H. Whito and Co. 21\. Norfolk, B. B., 953, B. Tonkin, London.-W. P. White and Co. 22\. Avec», R.M.S.S., 1,007, A. B. Farquhar, Gallo. F. R. kendall. 23\. Porcy, B. B.,019, J. T. Coopor, Callao.-W. Crosby and Co. 23\. Chasca, A. a., 607, H, N. Crockett, Hong Kong, vlu Newcastle_Lord and Co. 23\. Marla Elizabeth, D. b.,202,G. V. D. Cevel, Java, vill Newcastle.-Jos. Henty and Co. 23\. Hudlksvall, S. b., 402, J. L. Ilultmm, Callao_ Jos. Sorvlce and Co. 23\. Weathersfiold, B. s" 1,051, P. Caroline, Guam. Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 27\. Hcbo, N. K, 442, G. E. Bondo, Maldon Island. Captain Bondo. 28\. Elizabeth, B. b., 203, J. G. R. Quest, Mauritius. Joshua Brothors. 30\. Honolulu, N. G. se, 212, E. Hildebrand, Guam. Captain Hildebrand. 31, Loch Earn, B. B" 1,200, W, Robertson, London. A. Macfarlan and Co. June. 3\. Pnssircoang, D. b., 518, F. Hollanders, Batavia, vlil Newcastle.-Victoria Sugar Company. 3\. Karnak, F. b., 883, A. Brindoau, Colombo. Bobortaon, Wognor, and Co. 4\. Princo Victor, B. br., 201, H. B. Francis, Malden Island.-Grico, Sumner, and Co. 4\. Cleopatra, B. b., 200, P. Jonsen, Malden Island, via Newcastle and Honolulu.-Graham Brothois and Co. 4\. Isabelle, F. b., 270, L. HorvO, Colombo, via Geelong.-S De Beor. 4\. Sea Bollo, B. b., 307, Wm. Taylor, Colombo.-S. Do Beor. 9\. Loch Awe, B. br., 264, Jos. Farquhar, Petro pauloskl.-E. Coben and Co. 10\. Eblana. B. B., 1,351, R. Wllaon, San Francisco, via Newcastle.-Dickson, Williams, and Co. 15\. Great Britain. B. s.S., 1,705, Lieut. John Gray, R.N.R., Liverpool. Bright Brothors and Co. 15\. Sulina, B. B., 1,149, W. Johnson, Maldon Island. E. Sam liol and Co, 17\. Talisman,*N. b., O. Jolinsson, Java/vlft Newcastle. -Victoria Sugar Company. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. MAY 21. Dovor Castle, for London.-821 bales wool, 501 casks tallow, 07 bales leathor, 1,500 bags copper ore, 01 bags antimony ore, 13t blocks rogulus. antimony, 308 baga bismuth ore, 100 casks molasses, 1,290 bags bark, 7 casks 3,110 coses prosorved meats, 20 casks mutton hams, 3 packages sundries. Norfolk, for London.-781 baleB wool, 78 baloB leather, 1,905 cases preserved meat, 80 casks 25 pipes tallow, 802 bogs antimony oro, 60 blocks rogulus an- timony, 1,009 bogs bark, 1,400 bagB copper oro, 10 bales hops, 7 caseB gum, 7 packages sundries. MAT 22. Avoca, s.S., for Point de Gallo.-1 truss newspapers, 1 caso photographs, 8 boxes documents, 3 cases socdi, 60 bogs flour, 19 codar boards, 7 cases plants, 1 pack ago stationery, 1 case clothing, 7 packagoi potatoes, 6 tierces beef, 8 packagos apples, 1 case stuffed birds, 8 cues preserved meats, 2 packages company's parcels. MAI- 27. Hobo, for Maldon Island.-8,000 sleopors, 1 tin bis- cuit«, 1 cask pork. MAY 28. Elizabeth, tor Mauritius.-3 casos plants, 1 box curiosities, 418 bags wheal, 600 bags oats, 60 water tanks, 2 cases statlonorv. MAY 31. Loch Earn, for London.-1,440 bales wool, 1,170 packagos tallow, 2S3 bales flax, 1,705 coses 32 casks preserved mtats, 17 bolos basils, 17 casks roans, 1,031 hides, 17 bales sheepskins, 4 bales kangaroo skins, 227 bales bark, 7 boloa scrolls, 6 bales brands, 81 boles rags, 116 bales leather, 2 cases booswax, 2 quartor caskB wine, 17,000 horns, l8 tons lOowt. bones, 200 tom copper ore, 70 cases gum, 3 packagos sundries. Jim; 3. Karnak, for Colombo -4 cases wine, G coses biscuits, 142 casea prcsorvod moot, 2 casca jam, 1 case butter, 10 tons 4,160 bags bonodust, 810 tons coffee manure, 76 bags oats, 12 patent cloBOte, 110 trussos hay, 16 bogs bran, 20 bags carrots, 14 bags meal, 0 horses, 6 dogs. JUSE 4. Isabelle, for Colombo, via Goolong.-80 tons bone dust. Sea Belle, for Colombo.-21 casos prosorved meats, 8,838 bogs artificial manure. JDSK 15. Great Britain, for Liverpool.-735 bolos, 1 pookago wool, 48 bolos pelt«, 60 bales leathor, 2,434 bags bark, 20 packages Bundrles, 2 packages presorved moats, 2 quarter-catkB l8 coses wine, 2 linda, ale, 2 boxes plants, 2 packagos eggs. Sulina, for Maldon Island.-6,800 sloopors, 1 ton flour, 12 empty boxes. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. MAY 21. Dover Castle, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mrs. Wallace, Miss Wallaco ; Mrs. Tucker, child, and ser- vant ; Dr. Sandlland, Mr. and Mrs. Jackson and family, Messrs. Thompson, O. H. Burrowes; and 74 in the second and third cabins. Norfolk, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Ward, family (four), and servant ; Mr. and Mrs., O. J. Harvey and Miss Harvey, Mrs. Oloxton and two children, Mrs. Allan and child, Mrs. Tonkin, Miss Fleming, Miss Cook, Mr. J. J. Gunning, Mr. F. H. Braire, Dr. H. C. Fox ; and 46 in the second and third cabins. MAT 22. Avoca, R.M.S.S., for Point de Gallo. Passengers cabin ¡For King George's Sound-Mr. Ackrill; for Madras-Mrs. Robson and servant ; for Calcutta-Mr. Klddloand Dr. Wlnstono ; tor Bombay-Mr. and Mrs. Llsslgnol; for Singapore-Mr. PIoos Van Amstel; for Hong Kong-Ah Pow and Sun Kum Leo, J un.; for Suez-Mr. Badcock and James Orkney; for Mar- seilles-Messrs. O. Lamb and Berger ¡ for South- ampton-J. Cathcart Watson. MAY 31. Loch Earn, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mrs. Crawford and two children, Mrs. Colvin and child, Mrs. Stewart, Miss Stewart, Mrs. Dods and child, Miss L. Stewart, Messrs. Trevor, Lloyd, Jos. Robert- son, Chas. Robertson, A. F. Colvin, F. H. Stubley, A. F. Conant, Henry Jonos, Dods, Sanraols; and 10 in the second cabin. JOE 15. Great Britain, s.a., 1,795 ton«, Lieut. John Gray, R.N.R., for Liverpool. < Passengers-taloon ; Miss Holler, Dr. and Mrs. Mackay and child, Jas. Higgins Mis. Ralsbock, Miss Anderson, Messrs. G. M'MlckW' Tbos. Mills, Tbos. Dudloy ; Mr. and Mrs. J. Martin, two children, and servant ; Mr. Ferguson, Mr. H. J. ftlllig and family, Utes Redellford, J. Singleton, Mr. Shiel] 0\. F. Watt, Miss Howkan, Minter Glennie, L. Holtz* Mrs. Denny ; Mr. and Mrs. Padley, family, and ser- vant; Miss Woolley, Mr. Frasor, Mr. Philpot. Mr Kitto, and Mastor and Miss Kitto ; Mr. J. Emmett * Mr. and Mrs Rc'jonthal, child, and infant ; m¿ Rosenthal, Mr. L. and Mips Margaret Neperen . MrB. Dickson, family (four), and eorvant ; Mrs. AÍ Russ, MIBS ROBS, and Misa L, Ross ; Mr. W. S. Walker Mr. C. Walkor. Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Cox, Mr. anef Mrs. Rounaell, Mr. Massey ; aud 850 in the aocond and third cabins and steerage. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. FRIDAY, JUNE 17. Clewing Prices. £ 1000000 300000 100000 10000 G0000 80300 185400 163300 100000 20000 0000 Viet. Gov. Rlvvy. (local), 6 per cont. Viot Government (local), 6 per cont. Melbourno Corporation, 6 por cont. Ballarat Water, 8 per cent... Ballarat Municipal, G per cont. Collingwood Gas, Oper cent. Melbourne Gas, 7 per cont. Molb. & n. B. United, 8 por cent. Do., 7 per cent. . Do., 6 per cent. . Do., 6 per cent. . Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 por cont. Otaeo Provincial Gov.. 8 nor cent, £ ", 108.108S S lOO-lOOJ -.? 10BJ-107S nu 100000 660000 1000000 500000 60000 80000 24008 14900 G0000 2980 24430 210000 1250001 25000 40000 16250 100000 40000, . 00000. 25000 25000 68370 17876 8000 37600 12333 60000, 12000, 7000 10 PWJL'O COMPANIES. BANKS. Bal. Bankg. (limit) Do., new issue . [Colonial of Austral Commercial of Aus- tralia (limited) . Mclb. Bank Corpo- ration (limited) .. National of Austral. 20|Now South Wales. ",J j Vletnr!a(Mcl.reg, H( Do. (London reg. 2 Land Mortgage . GAS COMPANIES. 7 Ballarat .. 6 Bendigo 5 Castlemaine 6 Colhngw'd & Fitzroy 0 Daylesford (limited) 4 Goolong* .. Lost div. 'per cont. per annum. Molboumo INSrjKAKCK. 2),'Austral. Firo & Mar. ¿'Australasian Life .. 1 Australian Alliance. J National Firo fnsur. 1 Southorn Insurance li Victoria Lifo & Gen. 25 Victoria Fire & Mar. I MISCBMjANKOPH. li) Australian Dia J I mond Mines 6 Bendigo Waterwork G Gipps Lnd. SteamN. 6 Hob BayR. Sea Bath 7J Maritime k General Credit Co. (Limit.) 5 Mell). Mcat-Presrvg, _ Mudgee Gold and ) I Diamond f 50 MolbourneExch'nge 0 I ¿Ovons Waterworks. 1 I IStudloyParkBrldgo 20 20 Victorian leo 20 20, Warrenheip Distily. 1 RAILWAYS. 60 50 Melb.&Ueib.Bay; Ud. 10 12J 16 . 10 10 12} i?i Closing Prices. £ " f mi n mi ¡¡ni 30J-37 37371 48i. 11-12 314 mi 63 0 Hi 12 8}s. 17S.-17J8,'. 28i-30s. 3Js.-3}j.' 22s. 2}-3 26-28 82s.-31»,'. 1M2 MINES. SnJ DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 22500 560 3000 4000 2000 2100 2000 2600 4400 1600 400Û 4000 7000 8200 2560 2500 600 466 12800 8343 G000 2500 4032 6448 Band of Hope and Albion Consols, Ballarat .. Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Brcak-o' Day, Rokowood Buninyong, Buninyong Great Northorn Junction, Ballarat . Galatea, Scarsdalo .. Golden Stream Golden Horn, Springdallah.. Golden Lako, Scarsdale Grand Trunk, Creswick Grand Trunk, Hnppy Valley Great Gulf, Ballarat .. Í Do., novvissuo .. J" Kneobone, El Dorado Koh-i-noor, Ballarat ¡.Leviathan, Ballarat Lower Huntly Deep Lead .. Magnum Bonum, Maryboro'. Park, Ballarat.. .. .. Prince of Wales, Ballarat .. St. George and Band of Hope Sadowa, Talbot Scottish £t Cornish, Ballarat. United Albion and Prince of Wales, Ballarat .. Wellington, El Dorado 12}s.-143. 130 li 6J-« 12-10 85-50 «-1» 81-31 7-7Î 14J-14Ï 18-14 4J-5 1Î-2 1J-1J NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 2500 1000 1000 '4000 3500 4500 6000 6000 7000 8000 2600 8000 7000 4400 3000 6400 I 12800 : 4000 2600 : lOSOl - Albion Consols, Ballarat .. AU Saints', Ballarat .. Ballarat & Bendigo, Huntly. Durham, Ballarat Do., proferont Do,, now. Emperor. Ballarat .. Great Extended, Eldorado .. Do., Contributing .. Great North-West, Ballarat.. Do., now . Inkermann and Durham, Bal. Lady Sutton, Chi Horn Uelbourno and Avoca, Avoca Nightingale, Ballarat North Park, Ballarat Princo Imperial South Nightingale .. United Hand-in-Hand and Baudot Hope, Ballarat, United Ovens Gold and Tin, Eldorado. United Suburban, Ballarat .*. Wlntor's Freohold, Ballorat 15S.-103. 2s.-3s. 160-200 4-5 15S.-203, 0J3.-7*. 8s.-4s. 17s -18s* 5-5J 81-38 DIVIDEN!» QUARTZ. 22600 J Alllanco, Bendigo ., 80 - Advance Bendigo 10000 1 Agamemnon, Bendigo 10000 1 Ajax, Alexandra 2400 6 Albort Company, Alexandra 10000 1 Ajax, Castlemaine 2200 10 Albion, Steiglitz 1600 16 All Nations, Matlock.. 20000 1 Argus, Bendigo 8540 10 Al Castle Reef. Wood's Pt... 2480 15 Black-hill, Ballarat .. 2600 2 Black Homo. Egerton 65000 1 Catherine Reef United Claim holders, Bendigo .. .. 1980 1 Clunes, Clunes 1200 17} Clunes United, Clunes 32000 lj Comet, Bendigo 2000 Costerfield, Heathcote 12000! li'Dorby, Maldon 10054 1 Eaglehawk Asso., Maldon .. \- 1 |Do. Preference, Maldon .. 1 Do. Union, Maldon .. 1J Ellesmere, Bendigo .. 1 ¡Energetic, Bendigo .. ï I Grand Junction, Maldon -J J Great Britain, Bendigo 1 ,Gt. Extended Hustler's, Bon. 1 Hercules, Bendigo ,. 2 Homoward Bound, Alexandra Hopo. Wood's Point .. Hunt's, Wood's Point Hustlor's Roof, Bendigo Johnson's Reef, Bendigo . Lady Barkly, Bondlgo Leviathan, Black Rivor Llnscolt's Reof, Maldon Longfellow, Stringer's Long Tunnol, Stringer's Nolson, Maldon Now North Clunes .. Nil Desperandum, Raywood.. North Gipps Land, Stringer's NortliHustlcr'sReof, Bendigo N. Specimen Hill, Bondlgo.. North Johnson's, Bendigo Princo of Wales, Matlock Red Jacket, Bright .. Roynl Standard, Black Rivor. Speculation, Maldon St. Mungo, Bendigo Speclmon-hill, Daylesford .. Steiglitz, Steiglitz .. Sultan, Blackwood .. United Happy Valley, Buck- land . Victory, Bondlgo Victoria, Clunes .. Walhalla, Stringer's Creole .. Wallaby, Growler's Creole - Young Chum, Bendigo 1710. 15914 14000 24000 12096 6040 23100 28000 28000 4800 12000, 12001 - 20870 20s. 10673! 2J 16000 1 2000 - 10000 1 1800 10 2400' 6 620 10 2050 20 20000, J 2400 6 28876 1 15000 - 22000 1 1G80 - 8000 G 1G00 7¡ 2400 6 22500 1 1088 10 2000 10 2600 - 4400 10 30C00 1 060, 40 GOO 26 4800 - 200001 1 7B.-89. 2Js -5s. 6S.-IO9. 10-12 4-0 17J8.-209. 20S.-2Ö5. 7-8 7JS.-7JS,. 7-7J Gi -7s. 2s -4s. OJS.-IOJ.. 259.-20S. lls.-lljs.. - 7Js.-8s. Os.-OJs. 8-31 114-116 187-140 0}s.-7s. 14-15 9JB.-10JB» 12ÏB.-139, 2Í2J 2J-3 8-81 118-120 9s.-10s. NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 8000 20000 6000 24000 2000 1G00 1920 8000 4000 4000 4800 2000 8000 82000 3U40 8200 8600 2400 4000 8200 4000 8000 4000 4000 11000 2500 2000 0000 8600 4000 20274 8100 8000 8000 ?» Ben Lomond, Stuartmill .. Burn's Roof, Forest Creek .. Clunes, Great Northorn Eaglo, Bendigo Empress, Stringer's Energetic, Lauriston Euroka, Stringer's Creek .. Flying Scud. Golden Age, Bendigo Golden Point, Clunes Great Wheal, Clunes.. Hei coles, Stringer's .. Isis, Stuartmill Kangaroo Bob, Egerton Koh-i-noor, Bendigo London k Australian, Clunes Magdala, Pleasant Creek . .. Mariner's and Sloan's, do. .. New Garibaldi, Blackwood.. Newington, Pleasant Creek.. North Cohen's, Stringor's Ck. New N. Cohen's, Stringer's Ck North Clunes Extension North Clunes Consols, Clunes Oriental. Clunes Pegleg, Bondlgo Queen Victoria, Canadians ïouth St. Mungo Seutb Cohen's, Stringer's .. 3th. Scotchman, Pleasant Ck. TroJan.Blackwood .. Tubal Cain, Stringer's U. Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla. Victoria Reef, Bendigo Victoria, Gordons Wellesley, Egerton .. White Horse, Egerton 1S.-1JS. ' 8s.-5s. 8s.-4s. 17-18 8-81 10:1.-188. ISHIJS 2H5 OS.-1OJ 18S.-16S 2JB.-3S. 6HÏ 7s.-7i>. 1ÍS.-169. Printed and published by Hoon GEeaOB, at Tair ARGUS Oftloe, CoUlns-ntreet, Melbourne, for WIMOU and MACKINNON, proprietors. 