Election Notices. j TO THE ELECTORS Of THE WESTERN PRO' VINCE. " 'Gentlemen;—'- ' . . . - . | In compliance with thorequesfco! numerous elec tors, "I: have the. honor to offer myself aa a CAN DIDATE for the representation , of your. prc vince iu room of our late member, Sir James F; Palnier.- v :>/ l As you are aware, I have for many years past re- sided in and been identified with this provtue?. Being personally acquainted with' so many of your number, it is almost unnecessary for me 'to go at any length into n exposition of iny political .opinions.: This is the less uccded, as the most of the important ques tions which' have agitated the Legislature for years Gast aro now definito.y sottlod, and- there is but ttlo : left, for nn aspirant to political honors ti> promise, but a faithful attention to his duties and a careful conservation of the interests of his consti tuents. ' The Ministry helrg pledged to a lino of railway to the westward as far a Hamilton, it will be my duty, if elected, to use u y endeavors to urge on the com mencement of this undertaking. -For my part, I cannot sco on what grounds the North-eastern line was commenced at an earlier period than the one in question. | I am in favor of a carefully-arranged system of im migration. Without continuous additions to our population, the progress of t-hu colony must inevitably bo retarded.' The Western Province has an especial Interest in this question, for without immigration our: agriculturists will suffer for want of. labor, ' and, moreover, will soon have to seek a market for. their produce outside the colony. As the question of education is likely soon to engage . 'the attention of the Legislature, , It will be my effort to obtain a system which, while securing the greatest ciiiclency and economy, will do no violence to the consciences of any sec' Ion of the community. As far as. time will permit me I will endeavor to see as many as possible of you personally further to explain my vfows. , j Vaih- n>u>i1lanl thomas m'kellar. Strathkellar, 17th August, 1S70.. | TO THE: ELECTORS OF THE SOUTH' PRO VINCE. Gentlemen,— Tlie Hon. WM. DEGItAVES having been a con sistent supporter of the right of District Boards to bo endowed with equal revenue nnd privileges to Shire Councils, you aro re-pcctfully requested to give him your vote and assistance at the forthcoming election, Members of the different Dbtriec Boards throughou the Province are tspeciully desired to exert themselv ; to scuurchis return. | R.' G. BENSON i ' Chairman of the Central Committee of District . Conference. ; (T T II E E L E C T O R 's' of the ; : EASTERN PROVINCE. ! GRNTLSMUN,— ' ; Having completed the term for which I was elected a s ono of your representatives, and a writ having been issued for % new election, I have the hoiv-v to announce myself a CANDIDATE, and to solicit a renewal of your confidence and support. I would respectfully refer to my jxut votes upon all important questions m the best indication I can give of my future intentions, and if rc-electcd it will be my earnest endeavour -to protect your interests, and that of the colony generally. It .Is my intention to tako an early opportunity of visiting as many of the districts and 'townships of the province as possible. 1 have the honor to be, gentlemen, Your most obedient servant. WILLIAM'HlCiHETT.: ROYAL ARCADE DIRECTORY. Ad. u h e a. u m b, French and English Coufeetfonery, , I Cocoa, Breakfast Chocolate, Crystallised Fruit'; i 10 Royal Arcade. j Public Notices. ; Band S. JO H N S O N . Northampton Nurseries, Preston, \ y ' ' Established 1S53. " | ' II A V E OPENED ! . T H , E B 0 U 0 U E T ' 3 H 0 P BOURKE-STREGT, EASTERN MARKET, i /.Where TREES, PLANTS, SEEDS, and BOUQUETS,! i Of all kinds, j Can bo supplied in ; the promptest and best manner, sud i At the Most Reasonable Prices. , , EASTERN M\RKET SEED STORE. , ' Xf O ' MORE BAD SMELLS Ll Tbo New , , I . OHLORO-ALKALINE ' ' 1 ' DEODORISER- And l DISI NF EC T A NT (Patented) \ \- Docs not substitute one Ba<d Smell for Another. ' , Its principal constituent being chlorine, it tho roughly eradicates all offensive odours, and destroy all danger of infection from fover, &c.; ; > In tins ready for immodiato use, with-full direction \ Is. each. ; Dejwt, Little Bourkc- street west, and sold by » chomlsts, and at all oil and grocery stores; Premises where obnoxious trades aro; carried as thoroughly deodorisud by contract or otherwise. UBLIC NOTICF.— DAVIES and Co, beg to in- form their friends and tbc public that in future nil their BUSINESS witl be CARRIED ON at No. 76 Bourke-strcet east, next to 'Bus Company's office. / Money. -- \ j LEND at cunent- rates. Charles Ovv" Roy# Solicitor,- 65 Bourkc-strcet west. ' j | ' ' : ! Lost and-Foiind. j LOST, on- night of return' oall, ' Jiciur ui itoiiq stcct, St. Kil«'a, orin or beforq-New.Town Halt, Sanstoi -street, a GOLD BRACBLET, set with rubies; Findcrrcwarded on return to A! H, Drowe. 63 Swaiistdii-streU. j Miscellaneous. ' j FOR SALE, Family BAY HORSE, staunch ; quh't in hnrnesi-: or saddle. Inquire, Highbury Barti Hotel, Hoddle-street. ' Lectures, Sermons, Soirees, Etc!, A DANISH SERMON will bs PREACHED iriTilli Lltcrniy lurtUuto. William-street, bv tho- Rev P. G.'JCOBSEV TO-MOunnw. at ibwAi.m J MR. G. L. SURBER PREACHES (D.V.) in Hi Christian- Chapel, Lvpon- stivct, to-mnmn evening, at half-past six ; and Mr. 0. A. CARR, ii ForcstoraMi II. Smlth-«tmcr., same hour; su»«b-ct-i ' Can Wo Know that We Are Going to Heaven ?' r. JUDk'S CONGREGATION will ASSrMULBfr PUBLTC WORSHIP to-morrow, morning an evening, mid on Sunday, 4th September, in the 01 ,DERLY. ROOM, Grattan— treot. - < , , SCOTS' CHURCH.— Rev. IRVING RETHhRING TON PREACHES to- morrow, e'eron forenoon Rev. GEORGE MAUKIE, seven o'clock evnlug.i: ' WEST MELBOURNE PRESBYTERIAN OHURC — Rov. ANDREW ROB 6UTS0N will PREAC to-morrow, morning and evening. , , / , Funeral Notices. rTUIE 'Friends -at Mr. WALTER THOMPSON ni » Xi < informed that the remains of his latewifo wi be interred in the Kew Cemetery- 'The funeral pr cession to inovo from his' residence/the Melbouri Mechanics' Institute, on Monuay, the 29th Inst., ; two o'clock. Tv : a JOHN SLEIOHT, Undarfaier, No. 83 Cdlins-stra l- orst, and corner oi. Hlffii aadOct&Y.a; utroeto, £ :P'Ox . Government Advertisements. Crown Lands urbec, Melrwurue, I2th August, 1S70. ASAXjE of CROWN LANDS dv public auction will bo held at Two o'clock 'of Tuesday, 30th August, 1370, at the auction rooms of Messrs. p. Cohen and Co., Coliins-Htrust west, Melbourne; The following lots will l« offered : — - TOWN LOTS. Melbourne (Hotbaai), county of Bourko. parish of North Melbourne, iu Ktawull-strcot, botween Ireland - and Miller street, uear the Railway fenoe. Upset price, £200 per acre. Allot mrnt 3 sec. 3., ISp. Macedon, county of Bourkc, parish of Macedon, in the township of Macedon, on the eastern side of the Railway lino. Upiet price, £3' per acre. »' Allotuiout 0, see. 35, la. lr. 28p. Epping, comity of Bourkc, parish of Wollert, in tho touiishlp of Epping, near tho Market reserve. Upset price, £8 per acre. Allotments 1,2, See. 34; lj Sec. 30 ; C to 7. Sec. 37. la. to. la. lr. lOp. NUlumblk, county of Kvclyn, parish of Niilumbik, ..in the township of Niilumbik, Diamond Creek. Upsofc prlcei'"£2"pcr acre. Allotments 2, 3, 4. Sec. 10 ; 13, . Sec. 12 ; 1, 8 and 4, 5 and 0, Sec. 15, lr. 13p. to la, j 2r. 23p, Valuation, £18 to £COO. Wwlan Wallan, county of Bourke, parish of Wallan Wallan, in the township of Wallan Wallan, on tbia ; main Sydney rood. Upset price, £3 per acre. Allot ments 7, 3, Sec. 24. 2r. each. „ a SUBURBAN LOTS. . : ' County of B<urke, parish of Cut-paw-paw, witltin half a mile south of tue township of Footscray.. Up set price, £8 per acre. Allotments 1C, 2Q; Sec. B. '"la. ach. ' - . ' _ .Uounty.ofMornlngton; parkh ofPakenham, adlolo- Ing the township of Pakeuham. . Up3et price, £2 10s. per acre. Allotment 16. 4a. 2r. 13p. ;1 County of Evelyn, parish of Greensboro ugh, at Pah ton-hill, Uoset price, £4 per acre. Allotment 2. 2a, Valuation, £100. SPECIAL LOTS. County of Evelyn, parish of Linton, at the site of Mr. J. Bronckhurst'ji 4-2nd section blouk. Upst nrio- £4 per acre. Allotment — , la. 2r. Valuation, £12. County of Evelyn, parish of Grcer-Hborough, at the site of ?ilr. E. Bellamy's 42nd section block. Upset prlco, £1 per acre. Allotment — , 20a. Valuation. £20.' Tnu'v r rvTQ Melbourne, county of Bourke, parfah of North Melbourne, in Melro<e-street, off the Flomington- rojd. Upset price, £300 i>er acre. Allotment 23, Sec. 87. lr. 25 8-10p. Blackwood, county of Bourke, parish of Black wood, hi the township of Blackwood, at Simmons Ita«l. Upset price, £8 per acre. Allotment 40. 89Jp. (SUBURBAN LOT. County, of Evelyn, parish of Moruog, on the eastern hank of the Rtvcr Plenty, and east of the village of Morang. ' Upset price, £ — -perlociu Allotment 4B, Sec.12."20a. , COUNTRY LOT. County, of Bourkc, parish of Trujzanina, about three ndicsv/oat from Williamstown, on the Kororoit Creek, neurtho Williani3towD racecourse. Upset price, £2 10s. per acre. AUotmont E, Sec. 9. 102a. Or. 24p. Plans auaiiifoniiatioucftu be obtained at' tho Crown Lands Office, Melbourne. JOHN A. MACPHERSON. Trcasurj, Melboume, 12cii August, 1370. BREADSTUFFS.— TENDERS will bo received until two o'clock on the 0th Sontcrcbcr from persons willing to SUPPLY BUKADSTUFFd, Scheduln No. 1, in kuch quantities as may Le required in the WlUiams- town.dhtrlct during the months of October, Novem ber, and December, 1870. Deposit, £20. Printed forms of tender and conditions of contract maybe obtalnad from th«t Seeretary to the Tender Board, Melbourne, by whom also information will bo afforded to persona tendering. The prices must be expressed without alterations or erasuros, in words as well as in figures, ' and total amount of tender stated. All tenders mast be enclosed In a soparatc envelope . marked " Tender for Breadstuff's, " and bo deposited In the Tentler-box at the Tender Board Ofllcct, Trea- snrj' 5 or (if sent by post) must be addressed: to tho Chairman of the Tender Board, Tender Board offioes, Treasury, Melbourno. J. G. FRANCIS, Treasurer. Costlcmaine, August 22, 1370. CLAIMS UPON the FUND VOTED to MAKE GOOD tho DEFICIENCIES of W. G. HART, late Official Agont tor tho Mining District of Castlcnulne.— Notice Is - hereby given that the MONEY voted (or the above -purpose Is available fcr DISTRIBUTION. All persons having claims upon the fund arc requested to apply at onco to tho undersigned for payment of the stuns apportioned to them. The account will be closed on the 30th November next, after whivh date no further payments will be made. JOHN COOPER, Agent for tho Government. Crown Lands Office, ' Melbourne. 26th August, 1S70. SALES of CROWN LANDS by uublic auction wilt bo hold at two o'clock of Tuesday and Wed- licsday, 18th and 14th September 1S70, at the auc tion rooms of Messrs. P. Cohen and Co.. Collins- street west, Melbourne. The following lots will bo offered : — TUESDAY. 13th SEPTEMBER. TOWN LOTS. Fitzroy, county of Bourke, parish of Jika Jika, Tiorth-wtHt from tho cricket ground. Upet nrlc-, £160 per p.crc. Allotments 1 to 4, 0 to 12, sec.'3S. 3r. 39 3-10p. to la. 20 7-10p. Carlton, county of B-mrke, parish of Jika Jika; in Drummond and Ratlidowne streets, north west of the Stockade. Upset price, £300 per acre. Allotment 7, sec. 74 ; 2, 3, 7, 8, sec. 76. lr. 0 2-6p. to lr. 0 3-10p. Richmond, county of Bourke, parish of Jika Jika, "In'Bumlcy-strect north, Murphy-btreet, and the con tinuation of Highctt-strtct. Upset price, £50 per acre. Allotments, 13, 14 ; sec. 34 C. 2r. each. SUBURBAN LOTS. County of Bourkc, parish of Cut-paw-pau, north west from Footscray and the Geeloug road. Up?et price, £S per acre. Allotment, 2L ; sec. 15. la. lsp. CoiiLty of Bourke, parish of Dandcnong, imme diately west of tho Dandonong township, on the Dau- denong Creek. Upset prico, £2 10s. per acre. Allot ments, 1 to 4 ; sec., 48 ; 1 to4, sec., 49. 6a. each. WEDNESDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. VILLAGE LOTS. Ventcor, county of 3(onuncton. parish of Phillip Island, in the village of Ventuor, Phillip Island. Up set price, £2 per acre. Allotments, 1 to 4: see., 17; 1 to 11, see. 13 ; 1 to 10, sec. 19. 4a. to 22a. 3p. Plans and infonuatlou can be obtained at the Crown Lands Office, Melbourne. JOHN A. MACPHERSON. Education Office, Melbourne 25Ui August, 1870, TEACHERS of Common Schools are informed that tho Irish National Commissioner.-.' MANUAL of NEEDLEWORK has been KEOEIVED, and maybe obtained en application at this office, at eight pence per copy. : B. F. KANE, Secretary of Board of Education. Department of Railways, Secretary's Office, Spencer- street, Melboume, 4th Ausut, 1870. TENDERS are invited for the CONSTRUCTION ot a GOODS SHED, Platforms, Foundations for Cranes, Turn-tab!e, &e;„ Batman's-hlll Station. A preliminary deposit of one hundred and fifty pounds . in cash, bank draft, or dc>o.dt receipt, payable to the order of the Secretary for Railways, must accompany each tender, which deposit witl.bo forfeited in case the accepted tender be not taken up. Full particulars at the office of the Engineer-in- Chief, Batman's Hill. . Tenders, endorsed "Tender for Good9 Shed," and addressed to the imdersigntd, must be deposited iu the Railway tender-box, Crown Lands Office, Latrobe- Btreet west, at or before twelve o'clock noon on Wed nesday: 7th p ox. The lowest or any tender will not necc33arily be accepted. WILLIAM WILSON, Commissioner of Railways and Roads. Department of Railways, Secretary's Office, Sponcer-strcot, Melbourne, lGth August, 1870. TENDERS are invited for the SUPPLY of ten ton of IRON PINS, with ferrules, ior Victorian Rail ways. \- A preliminary deposit of ten pounds in cash. 1 hunk draft,, or deposit receipt, payable to the order of the Secretary for Railways, must accompany each tender, which deposit will be forfeited in case 'the ac cepted tender bs not taken up. Full ' particulars at the office of the Engineer-la Chief; BiitminVhill. — — — Tenders endorsed "Tender for .Iron Pins," and. nddrettbd to tlie undersigned, must be deposited iu -the Railway teudcr-liox, Crown Land Office. Latrobe- . street west; at or before twelve o'clock' noon ou Wed nesday. 31st inst. ...... The lowest or auy tender will not nccarily he ac- ; ceptcd.' ; WILLIAM. WILSON, Commissioner of Rallwayshnd Roads. ' : Xaaw and Judicial Notices. '.... Vf PTICE; is hereby given tlut.. by -ibDEiVTUliF, ..i.1! .. ueiring daie tnc twentj -io'urtfi'.a;iy oi August, »ono thousand eight hundred and seventy, and made 2 botwedii LUEIS BERLINER, of Eldoitdof in colony of Victoria, Storekeeper, of tlie first part. ' and SAMUEL WILSON, of the city of Melbourne. \- Manager of tho firm of Pyne, Boath and Companv, 0 of 25 j'lindurs-lane west (t hereinafter, designated the rt said trustee), of the second part ; and the creditors, n. of .thciaid Lueis Berliner of: the third port ; the \- said Luch Bci-Hncr has assigned and set oyer ailiiis , estate and effects (wearing apjiarel .and uecesaficK \- to tlio amount of twenty-five pounds only excepted) unt.i tho said trustee, hi« heir, executors, and. d -adiu:jiiatiutors,.and. assigns, UPON. TRUST, fortbe v benefit of all the creditors of the " said "Lucia \ Berliner. And notice is hereby given, that the said'.- indenture was executed by the said Lutw r Borllcer, in tho presence of and attested 1 bjy Robert Dyce Reid, E&quirejouo;'ot Her Majosty's i_ Justices of the Peace, in and for the Colony of V»c- H tqria, and by .the said Sarauol Wilson, in the pre- H senea of and attested by ,ot thocltvof Pj Melbourne, in .the Colony of Victoria, one of Her Majesty' Justlcos of the Peace iu and for tlie Colony p of Victoria. And that the taid Indenture U lying an the office of Messrs. Pyne, Bcath and Co.. 25 Filnders- I lone west, for inspection and 'execution by the credi- tors ot tho said Lueis Berliner ro Dated tho twenty-fourth day of August, ad , 1870. Dl ' LUi Id BERLINER, p-. ' : Signed by tho said Lueis Berliner, in the . pre- joi scnto of K, D. Reid, J.P., a Justice of tho Peaco for the Colony of Victoria. " I ' . 8AML. W1LSON. at /Signed the said Samuel Wilson, In the presence j| 5 of'HonBRT Kami, J.P., a Justico of tho Posbe foe j I the Colony df Victoria. , 