SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1870. In our issue of the 8th inst. we dis- cussed the personal constitution of our Upper House, and expressed an opinion that its usefulness would be extended, and its influence increased, if some younger and more energetic members were in- troduced into its ranks. The majority of its members, we complained, were men who had more interest in the past and the present than in the future— men who, having little to gain by political changes, were too prone to adhere to the existing order of things, and we suggested that the provinces should elect a few active, stirring men, whose presence in the Council would counteract the conservative tendencies of the reverend seigneurs who now oc- cupy its velvet cushions with so much dignity. The contest now going on in the South- western Province affords us an oppor- tunity to give a practical application to these observations. The rival candidates are Mr. Thomas Cowan, of Ballarat, and Mr. John Cumming, of Terinallum sta- tion, either of whom, so far as we can judge from their published addresses and speeches, would make a fair average re- presentative. Both must be men of spirit and determination, and thoroughly in earnest in their pursuit of Parliamentary honours, for they are engaged in a con- test which will cost them a good deal of money, while the seat to be won will become vacant again in a few months through effluxion of time ; and both show a certain desire to grapple with the great political questions of the day. It is to be observed, too, that both are anxious to keep clear of old Parliamentary dissensions, and to enter the Council untrammelled by traditional party feuds; and it is a good sign of the times that the electors for the province show no dispo- sition to force them into the ranks of either party. We will not discuss the poli- tical opinions of these candidates on the present occasion. They both give out a somewhat uncertain sound, as men new to political life generally do ; but in other respects both are eligible men, and since the South-Western Province must have one of them for its representative it is lucky in having no worse alternative. But if there is not much to choose between Messrs. Cowan and Cumming on political grounds, in other respects the former is by far the more eligible candidate of the two. Mr. Cumming is simply the owner of Terinallum station, and if he is elected the South-Western Province will have four representatives who are interested in pastoral pursuits instead of three. So far as reasonable conjecture can go, this is all that can accrue from Mr. Cumming's success, and it will be strange if the electors put their present opportunity to such an unprofitable use. As it is, the pastoral interest is too numerously represented in the Legislative Council, and it contains too large a proportion of wealthy men who have nothing in com- mon with the great bulk of the people. Let the South-Western electors now return Mr. Cumming, and they will only increase the disproportion in both direc- tions. Mr. Cowan, on the other hand, is essentially a man of the day. Actively engaged in public and private business, he knows the condition and wants of the people, while his opinions and theirs are in general accord. To send a few men of his stamp into the Legislative Council would be to apply to it a whole- some stimulus, which would give its pulse a quicker, a fuller, and a steadier beat, and the only way in which it can be so beneficially recruited is by sending in one such man whenever there is an op- portunity so to do. But Mr. Cowan has special claims upon the electors of the South-Western Province, and a special qualification for a seat in the Legislature. There is no subject on which our Parliament has shown such a lamentable lack of know- ledge as the subject of gold-mining, and it happens that Mr. Cowan has been intimately connected with this industry for 16 or 17 years, and has consequently an intimate knowledge of it in all its de- tails. As a surveyor he has had oppor- tunities such as few have enjoyed for acquiring a thorough knowledge of mine management, and as a professional witness in the courts of mines, he has had ample experience of the working of our mining laws. His presence, then, in either Legislative Chamber, would no doubt prove highly useful, whether by reason of his special or his general qualifications, and he is unquestionably capable of doing good service in the Upper House, which possesses but few men of active business habits, and, so far as we are aware, not one who has anything more than the most general and superficial knowledge of our great producing industry. Two influences are at work to prevent Mr. Cowan's return. In Geelong there seems to be an impression that Mr. Cumming has the best claim, because he is an old resident of the town, while there is also a certain jealousy of Bal larat's growing importance, which ren- ders it not unpleasant to the Geelong mind to snub its mayor by discouraging his candidature. But as a mere matter of sentiment, Geelong has no excuse for opposing Mr. Cowan's pretensions, since heretofore nearly all the representatives of the South-Western Province have been from the Geelong side, while Bal- larat has never put in a man of her own. And viewing the election as a matter of business, the duty of the Geelong electors is perfectly clear. Both directly and indirectly, the prosperity, of their town is more or less dependent upon the prosperity of the Ballarat mines, and they will do themselves an injustice if they do not now choose for their representative the candidate most capable of removing the obstructions by which mining prosperity has been retarded in past years. A second obstacle to Mr. Cowan's success consists in the violent opposition which his candidature has received from certain members of the Ballarat Council with whom he came into collision some time since in the faithful discharge of his duty to the public, but we find that the motives of these men have at length been fully discovered, and that their opposition has consequently be come harmless. As things stand now, the election seems likely to be well contested, and however it terminates the South-Western Province will have little cause for complaint ; but for practical usefulness Mr. Cowan would certainly make a far better member than his opponent, and we therefore hope to see his spirited candidature crowned with success. " It is the working classes who pay " the duties and support the revenue of " the country." This sensible, although somewhat commonplace, remark would scarcely have excited attention had it not proceeded from so staunch a protec- tionist as Mr. Berry. In his mouth, however, it has an interest and impor- tance quite apart from its undoubted truth. The great change in the tariff, begun in 1865 and completed in 1867, was always represented by its promoters as not merely for the benefit of working men, but as imposing taxes upon a class whom Mr. Higinbotham, in one of his frenzies, described as enjoying " an importing monopoly." In the debate on the budget, in February, 1867, Mr. Higinbotham expressly de- clared his belief that he would not be departing from the principles of free trade in supporting the tariff until he found " that our customs duties begin " to increase the price artificially to the " consumer." Nearly every other advo- cate of that fiscal change controverted or denied the assertion of Mr. Langton, that taxes upon articles of general con- sumption must necessarily fall most heavily upon the manual labourers. Mr. Langton, although not answered, was voted down. The tariffis now in its third year. Last year the new duties alone yielded £452,000 ; and now the working classes are told by a Treasurer, who, in regard to protection, is a man after their own heart, that this large increase of taxation is borne mainly by themselves —that it is they who " pay the duties " and support the revenue of the coun " try." The working classes should be very much obliged to Mr. Berry for the information; for, if it be correct, it amounts to a declaration that the system of taxation, which the Treasurer, in another part of his address so much lauded, is inequitable and unjust. That Mr. Berry's dictum is an economical truth no one pretending to an acquaintance with the subject will venture to deny. " Towards taxes on " consumption," said M. Thiers, him- self, a protectionist, "the contribution " of the poor is greater than that of " the rich because the poor are the " most numerous." " The sums which " they exact," said M. Leon Faucher, speaking of the same kind of taxes, " are levied in an inverse ratio to the " means of the contributors." Cobden showed conclusively, in his first speech in the House of Commons, that the duty on corn amounted to an income tax of 10 per cent, on the labourer earning 15s.per week; that the per centage fell as the in- come rose, until, in the case of the large landed proprietor whose rent-roll reached £100,000 per annum, it amounted to only one half-penny per cent. But it is quite unnecessary to multiply proofs of the general opinion of competent persons on the point. Every one's daily experi- ence confirms the truth of Mr. Berry's utterance. The £450,000 raised by the new duties is, in fact, the product of a progressive income-tax—progressing in the wrong direction. The ordinary la- bourer who earns 30s. per week, is compelled to pay just about 30s. per annum as his share of the tax, while the owner of a territory as large as an English county pays scarcely any more. And this is without taking into account the increase which the tax un- dergoes before the consumer is finally called upon to pay in the price of the goods. It may be said, with perfect truth, that taxes on commodities the nature of which will not admit of their being bonded to any large extent, are as a rule doubled before they are levied on the consumer. And thus a distribu- tion of the public burdens, in it- self radically unjust, becomes op- pressive to the payer without bestowing any compensating benefit on the state. The working-classes will do well to reflect on Mr. Berry's declaration, and to reckon for themselves how much per head £450,000 is, when distributed among some 250,000 adult males. On the statements made by the framers and supporters of the tariff at the time of its enactment, the working men would also do well to ponder in the light of this last deliverance. They were told that the tariff was to do wonders for them, while the burden of it fell upon others; that, in fact, the people who indulge in "hellish emo " tions " in Collins-street were to be the tax-payers, while the industrial classes were to participate only in the benefits which protective duties bestow. Mr. Berry has rudely disturbed this pleasant dream, if, indeed, there were any so infatuated as still to indulge in it. Many must have learned by bitter experience that duties of 10 per cer- on the common necessaries of life, mean nothing less than a much greater pro portionate increase of the cost of living. It is rather hard, however, upon the workingmen who supported the tariff, to have this truth now forced upon them. When they considered the avowed object of the tariff, and MR. BERRY's statement of its precise ...ct, they can scarcely fail to regard ... Mr. MICHIE regarded protection " as a means of ob " taining money under false pretences." We understand that the Chief Secretary is busily engaged in ...ring a series of reso lutions for submit... to Parliament, having for their object ... introduction of greater economy in the public service. If possible, the resolution will be considered by the Cabinet on ... next. A writ issued for the election of a member to represent Maryborough in the Legislative assembly, in the place of Mr. Robert ... resigned, and the following arrangements have been made :-Dato of writ, 15th March ; day of nomination, 24th March ; day of polling, 29th March ; roturn of writ, 4th April pros. Both Mr. Gillies and Mr. Gordon Evans are now fairly in tho field for this constituency. Mr. Gillios started for tho district last night, and Mr. Evans in- tends going np noxt week. Mr. Gillies' chances of success are said to bo very good. The modo in which provision should bo made for Lady Darling and her family- being one which should pass both Houses unani. xnously and sub silenlio-has been attentively considered by those members of the Legisla. lat^P.Assembly who took part in the discus sior» of Wednesday last, Tho desire on all sides is to do what is likely to bo most bene- ficial. On the one hand, an annuity to Lady Darling for her life may terminate very sud- denly and soon. On tho other liand, a voto of £10,000 would only produce at the outside from £500 to £600 per annum. "With an annuity of £1,000 per annum, ?Lady Darling, by expending £500 upon premiums, could, if sbo thought fit, in- sure £5,000, and retain an income of £500 a year, but this would give no available in- come for education, and no capital whatever for advancing or starting her sons in life. So long as sho herself lived, with a lump sum she could no doubt attain the latter object, but only at a sacrifice of the income derivable from that part of tho capital used or advancing the children. Under these .conflicting views, it has, we believe, been deemed best to carry out the plan referred to in our issue of Thursday, of an annuity to Lady Darling, as proposed by Mr. Fellows, and a lump sum for her children, as suggested by Mr. M'Culloch and Mr. Francis. The amounts which they suggest may he safely accepted. Wo believe all parties outside the Xflsislaturfl fullv nnnrirr roilli ¿Wr rooj-esenta uves. The sittings of local land boards are ga- zetted to take place as follows':-Echuca and "Warrnambool, Thursday, 31st March, at 10 a.m.; Terang, Friday, 1st April, at 11 a.m.; ¡Melbourne, Satuiday, 2nd April, at 10 a. m. Mortlake, Saturday, 2nd April, at 9 a.m, ; Camperdown, Saturday, 2nd April, at 3 p.m. ; TJallarat, Tuesday, 5th April, at 10 a.m.; Clunes, Wednesday, 6th April, at 11 a.m.; Beaufort and Belfast, Thursday, 7th April, at noon ; Sandhurst, Friday, 8th April, at 11 a.m. ; Hamilton, Saturday, 9th April, at 10 a.m. ; Portland, Saturday, 9th April, at 11 a.m. ; Maldon, Tuosday, 12th April, at 11.30 a.m. ; Ararat, Thursday, 21st April ; Itoke ?wood, Friday, "2nd April, at 1 p.m. ; Mere, dltb, Saturday, _3rd April ; Kilmore, Friday, 26th April, at 10 a.m. ; Benalla, Wednesday, 27th April, at 10 am.; Beechworth, Friday, 20th April, at 10 am.; Chiltern, Saturday, 30th April, at 11 a.m. ; Maryborough, Wed- nesday, 4th May, at 2.30 p.m. ; Sale, Wednes- day, 4th May, at 10 a.m. ; Avoca, Thursday, CthMay, at 11a.m. ; Bairnsdale, Friday, 0th May, at 10 a.m. A trial of peculiar interest was commenced jesterday at the Supremo Couit. An old grey-headed man named William Davis, a splitter by trado, was charged with murdering Elizabeth Garford, a woman with whom he had been cohabiting. The theory of the 'Crown was that jealousy had supplied a motive for the crime. When last seen alive-in the middle of July last-the woman, who was in- toxicated, was going in the direction of her hut in company with the prisoner. No- thing more was heard of her for many months, the prisoner accounting for her absence by saying that she had run away with some bullock drivers; but he gave so 'many different versions of his story, that sus- picions were aroused that all was not right. Nothing was, however, discovered actually criminating him, until a human skele- ton, which was identified as that of the missing woman, was accidentally found by a miner who was fossicking about in _a lonely gully on the Blue Crrek, Trentham. It was then remembered that on the evening the woman was last seen alive screams were heard coming from this direction, though no 'notice was taken of them at the time, as the woman was in the habit of screaming when in a state of intoxication. The case for tho prosecution was not concluded when the -Court adjourned, so the jury were locked up for ihe night. The cose of Morcmcm v. O'Qrady and others (trustees of the Metropolitan Permanent Building and Investment Society), heard yes- terday at the County Court, was one of some 'nterest and importance to building societies and their constituents generally. The plain- tiff sought to recover £50, the amount de- posited with the defendants in respect to the proposed purchase of certain property at Lake Bolac, consisting of a mill and some land adjoining. The mill had been advertised for sale or letting, and the plaintiff being desirous of securing a mill in tho Bolac dis- trict, waited on Mr. Benson, the secretary of the society. Acting upon the information he received from him, he agreed to advance £800 upon the mill and land adjoining, which was said to be two acres in extent, and having thereon a four-roomed cottage. The arrange- ment was that £200 should be paid upon the conveyance being exeouted, and at the same time the purchaser was to give a mortgage over the property to the society as security for tho balance, the society agreeing to advance £400 to be expended uponthemill upon the plaintiff taking up a certain number of shares. After the agreement had been executed, Mr. Ben- son informed the plaintiff that there was but one acre of land, instead of two, under the mill. In addition to this, the engine and boiler of the mill when inspected by the plain- tiff were found to be secondhand, the latter particularly being old-fashioned and patched up, and not, as had been represented, quite new. The plaintiff upon this refused to com- plete the contract, and the present proceed- ings were instituted for the recovery of the £60 which he had paid as a deposit. Mr. Newton appeared for the plaintiff, .and Mr. Fellows for the defendants. His 'Honour gave a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed and costs. During the re- mainder of tho day his Honour was occupied in partly hearing the case of M'Carlhy v. O'Qrady, which waa an action brought to recover £6815s.,two months' salary as medical .officer of the St. Patrick's Society. The hear- ing of this case will be resumed at 11 o'clock to-day. ! The bushranger Power appears to be making it rather lively for the inhabitants of the Upper Goulburn district, which is the spot he favours with his piesence just now. At about half-past 2 p.m. on Wednesday, a bushranger, saying he was Power, rode at a Bttllop out of the bush on the Benalla-road> about 19 miles from Mansfield, and crossed Mr. Charles Dickens, of Lina Station, holding a revolver in his left hand, and said, "I want your money." Dickens said he was a poor mon, and Power replied that ho did not look like one, and that he must have mocey, which was hard to be got. Dickens ?was banding him his purse, when Power told bim to throw it on the ground, and he did so, when the robber took the money, amounting to £3 in notes and a few shillings, returning the purse, and getting off his horse to do 80 and saying, "I have just stuck up M'Bean and there aro 150 police after me." Power rode a dark iron Rrey horse, and carried a new-looking revolver. . Dickens met the police who wero looking for Power on account of his having robbed Mr. M'Bean, and Dickens showed them whero he had been stuck up. The police picked up the trail, and were following it up. The proceedings at the Crown Lands sale îesterday were'rudely disturbed by the con àjçtof aman named Farquhar Macdonald. It seems that Macdonald had at a former sale purchased an allotment of land, but as he bad not completed the transaction by . pajirjg au tbe purchase monoy within the stipulated time, the land was ordered to be again put up for sale. Macdonald protested vehemently against the sale of the lot in question yesterday, but in spite ef his somewhat noisy opposition tho land was again sold to another purchaser. He subsequently bid for 'another of the lots catalogued, but Mr. Monah, the land officer, would not allow bim to sign the purchase book, as he had not the deposit sum required about bim. Macdonald insisted on signing the book, and between his efforts to do so and thoso of Mr. Monah to provont him, it was torn in two, and the fingers of Mr. Free- man, assistant land officer, were severely bruised in tho fracas. The Hon. James M'Kean, who was present, sent for _ con. stable, and gave Macdonald in charge, and he will be brought up before the City Bench this morning on a charge of insulting be- haviour. The sale of Crown lands was resumed yes- terday at Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co.'s rooms, Collins-street west. Thero was a good, attendance, and in every case very satisfac- tory prices were obtained for the various lots submitted for competition. The land cata- logued included town lots in Carlton, North Melbourne, and Flemington, a country lot at Kororoit Creek, and two special lots in the county of Mornington, one of which was withdrawn from sale before the commence- ment of the auction. The total sum realised was £2,319 4s. Od. The late Mr. C. J. Dawson, whose death we announced yesterday, was one of the most distinguished members of the Victorian bar. He was educated, we believe, at the Charter- house, and subsequently went to Queen's College, Oxford. He also entered at the Inner Temple, and was called to the bar by that society on the 6th May, 1848, and went the Oxford circuit, where he acquired some practice. Attracted, however, by the discovery of gold in these colonies, he came out to Sydney and subsequently arrived in Victoria, where he engaged in digging for a short time. He soon abandoned this, and resumed his practice at the bar, having been admitted to the Victorian bar in the early part of 1853. He at once attained a consider- able practice, being as well-known for his technical knowledge of the law as for his ability to appeal to a jury on all subjects, from grave to gay—from lively to severe. About three years ago he was attacked with paralysis, and withdrew alto- gether from the practice of his profes- sion in the middle of 1868. He never entered political life, although he was often asked to become a candidate for Parlia- ment, and was once offered the Attorney- Generalship. It has been said that Mr. Dawson had not received any attention from the profession lately, but the fact is, that his disease had made him so morbidly sen- sitive that he did not care to receive any visits except from his most intimate friends. But he was not the less remembered, and when it was understood a couple of weeks since that he had so far recovered that he would pro- bably return to practice before the next sit- tings, the news was received with great satisfaction. He was retained in several cases for the ensuing sittings, but un- fortunately the hopes of his ultimate re- covery were destroyed by his catching a cold on Sunday last, from the effects of which he died on Thursday. Mr. Dawson was twice married, and his second wife survives him. His first wife was drowned, with her three children, her mother, and her sister in the ship the Tayleur, which was wrecked in January, 1854, off Howth Head, on her first voyage. The loss of his family in this way was a sad blow to Mr. Dawson, and he did not recover the shock for many a day. He was very fond of musical composition, and he once published a galop, which he dedicated to Sir Redmond Barry. He had also engaged in literary pursuits, and was at one time a frequent contributor to the English Law Magazine. His loss at the bar will not be easily supplied. The death of another very old colonist, Mr. James Smith, who arrived in Port Phillip early in 1830, is announced in the English papers. His family joined him in the same year that he arrived in the colony, and he took up a station at the Horseshoe Bend, on the Saltwater River, near Keilor, thus being one of the very earliest settlers of Victoria. Subsequently his name became well known as a magistrate, and he held many important offices of trust in con- nexion with the Government, amongst others those of visiting magistrate to the gaol and to the lunatic asylum. Moreover, it is to him that Melbourne owes the institution of a savings bank, which for many years was under his management. In the early days of the "settlement,"and prior to the arrival of any ordained clergyman, it was the custom of the residents to assemble together in a temporary building, on the site of the present St. James's Church, to join on Sunday in the service of the Church of England, which was conducted by Mr. Smith ; for which, and other similar good offices, he received the thankful acknowledge- ments of Bishop Broughton, of Sydney, and a present of a bible from his lordship. To all the old colonists the name of James Smith was well known and highly respected. He left this colony for England in th3 year 1855, and died at the advanced age of 85 years, at the residence of his son-in-law, Captain Hut- ton, Cavendish-place, Bath. The Woodend races, which took place yes- terday, can hardly be considered a success. There were only about 300 people present, and the fields contesting tho different events were small. The arrangements of the course were veryprimitive, and thoso who patronised the stand durint. the early portion of the day suffered somewhat from the scorching rays of the sun. However, as the afternoon wore on, some friendly clouds interposed their shelter, and made things much more plea- sant. Six noises started for the Maiden Plate, which was won cleverly, if not easily, by the Maid of the Mist, Miss Lucy being second. For the Dalhousie Handicap, Norma and Pablo Fanque were drawn, leaving only Kaled and Patience to oppose Milesian, tho last named winning in a canter. Old Erin walked off with the Hurdle Race, as Maid of the Mist refused tho third hurdle till Erin carno round to her again. Milesian did not start for the Borough Handicap, which fell to the lot of Melancholy Jaques, who, though coming in second and last, got the stakes, as his solitary opponent Patienco twice ran inside the course. The proceedings wound up with a Hack Race, which none of the Melbourne contingent waited to see. Most of the ring were present, but all the business done was amongst themselves. It does not seem very probable that the 300 yaids race between Hewitt and Harris will ever come off. It was at first arranged that the matter should bo decided on the M, C, C. ground, on the 2nd of April ; but a difficulty occurred relative to the appointraentofajudge, Harris, it is said, objecting to every gentle- man proposed, among others, to Messrs. R. Goldsbrough, H. and R. Power, T. F. Hamil- ton, J. Whiteman, M.L.A., N. R. D. Bond, 1C. B. Fisher, E. T. Barnard, G. Watson, H. ¡C. Harrison, W. J. Hammersley, and R. ¡Tattersall. Consequent upon this, Hewitt j has come to the conclusion that Harris does I not intend, to run. Harris, on the other | hand, alleges that ho would not got fairplay I on tho M. C. C, ground, and offers to run (Hewitt on the Croxton-park course, or on any public road or natural ground, for any dis- tance from 100 to 300 yards, for £200 a-sido. If that does not suit Hewitt, Harris will run him any of the distances indicated on a public road, for the credit of tho colony, but he positively says he will not run on the Mel- bourne ground. It appears that the difficulties arising ont of the late champion pedestrian match between Harris and Hewitt are likely to give ? «' ' some emplojment to the lawyers. The match being declared a drawn one, the stake de- posited by Harris has been handed back to him. It appears, however, that he deducted £1C0 before handing over the money to his backers, giving as a reason that he won two races out of the five, and that he was pro- mised half the stake if he won. He also re* tains another £100 as the stake for a match mado with Hewitt for 300 yards, which has yet to be run off. The persons finding the money for the cham- pion match of the best of five races, refuse to accept this settlement. They agreed to give Harris half the winnings, but as tho match is declared off, they claim the whole of their stake back, thinking that the third of the gate money, amounting to nearly £400, is sufficient consolation to Harris for losing. The matter has been put into the hands of a solicitor, and unless the money is paid over on Monday, legal proceedings will be com- menced. By this mftü intelligence has'been received, of the death, on the 28th January, o£ Mr. Samuel Bright, senior, of the firm of Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., of Liverpool, and father of Mr. Samuel Bright, of Messrs, Bright Brothers and Co., of this city. We are informed that Messrs. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. and the Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Company have received two consignments of Professor Gamgee's preserved meats by the mail steamer just arrived, and that it is their intention to submit these to inspection, some day next week, at the stores of Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co. The following appointments aro notified in the Government Gazette of last night :-Mr. Alex. Wilson, J.P., Vectis, to be returning officer for the electoral district of Wimmera, in the loom of Mr. Chas. Wilson, resigned. Mr. Thomas J. Crouch, to be temporarily a member of the Central Board of Health, in the room of Mr. W. W. Wardell, relieved during absence from the colony. Mr. Henry Byron Moore, third-class acting district sur. veyor, to bo assistant surveyor-general and district surveyor of the second-class profes- sional division, vice Mr. A. Skene, promoted ; Mr. Michael Callanan, fourth-class assistant surveyor, to take Mr. Moore's place. A deputation from the Medical Association of Victoria waited on the Chief Secretary yes- terday, for tho purpose of objecting to certain alterations proposed by tho Medical Board in the existing Medical Act, and also with the íiew of urging tho desirability of adding one or two members of the association to the I Medical Board, which was thought to be of I too exclusive a character. Mr. Macpherson explained that the proposed now Medical Bill would not ho taken in hand by tho Govern- | ment until it had been criticised by the pro- fession generally ; and that if found to bo objectionable, it would not be submitted to Parliament at all. A deputation from the Brunswick Borough Council, consisting of the mayor (Councillor Heming), Councillor Stranger, and the town clerk, waited upon tho Commissioner of Public Works yesterday, to ask for an exten- sion of the Yan Yean water supply to several streets in the borough, more particularly to Barkly-street, Millor-street, Hope-street, and Glenlyon-road. Mr. M'Lellan said that if tho borough council would forward an application to the department at once, giving the names of the streets, and the length of piping required, he would send an officer out to report ; and if it appeared that there would be a return of 10 per cent, on the outlay, ho would have the pipes laid down as soon as a supply was l available. A contract had been entered into for a large quantity of pipes, and he hoped shortly to bo able to supply every street that would yield a fair revenue. The deputation then asked the Commissioner to make a re- duction in the rates for water supplied to horses and stables. Mr. M'Lellan said he could not accede to the request. A reward of £50, and a free pardon to an accomplice, aro offered by the Government for information leading to the conviction of the person or persons who caused a fire 1 which, at about midnight of Monday, the 21st I February last, occurred on tho premises of Mr. H. Bacchus, Peerewar, Bungaree, Ballarat district, destroying a shed containing about £500 worth of oats, and other property, amounting in value altogether to about £1,000. The Gazette notifies that the Governor has directed C. Badforth to be dismissed norn the office of deputy-registrar of births and deaths for the Casterton district. The Governor has accepted tho resignations by Lieutenant H. P. Macklin of his com. mission in the 2nd Geelong V, Artillery Corps, and by Lioutenant ft. Whitford, of his commission in the Metropolitan V. A. corps. It is notified that on and after the 31st inst, no seagoing steamer will receive a certificate fiom the Brisbane Marino Board, nor any vessel sailing under the Passenger Act for clearance, unless she is provided with the necessary signal books and Hags for commu- nicating by the commercial code of signals. Wo understand that a fresh warrant has been obtained against Draper, the late ac- countant of the Commercial Bank, onanother charge of having embezzled the sum of £1,990 12s 10d., which he had paid in to the credit of his own account in tho National Bank, and m the books of the Commercial Bank had accounted for the money by placing it to the debit of the London account. We under- stand that the facts aro simple, and may be easily proved without any of the legal or tech- nical difficulties with which the former charges were encumbered. Draper will be brought up under habeas corpus for examina- tion befoio the police magistrate. At about 10 o'clock on Thursday evening, the premises of Mr. Hugh Copeland, draper, Bourke-street, were entered by the back way, apparently through a skylight, and property to the value of about £10 was carried off, in- cluding some mantles. The burglars were disturbed in their operations, and made off in a hurry, leaving behind a pile of goods, in- cluding a quantity of silk, they had heaped up ready for removal. Detectives Williams and Daley aro on the look out for the offenders. In our commercial columns we observe that sales aie reported , of colonial wines for export to England. We aro pleased to notice this fact, as, after all, this is the only way in which a market can bo obtained for our surplus wines of really good and sterling qualities. The wines selected are stated to be Fallon's, of Albury, and we certainly do not know any better calculated to bring tho merits of our colonial wines before the people of England. The girls Fanny Cummins and Lina Tekin, who wero found at nearly 1 o'clock in the morning amongst a number of disorderly boys in Bourke-street, wero" brought before the City Bench yesterday. The mother of Cummins stated that she was a dressmaker, and had sent the girl out on a message at 7 o'clock in tho ovening, hut she had gone somewhere else. It was the other girl who led hei into bad company. Tekin stated that her mother had gone to Geelong, and left her in Melbourne. Both wore sent to the reforma- tory for five years, Mr. Panton stating that ho would endeavour to prevent such young i girls going on the street. The father of Cum- mins said he would appeal against the deci- sion. William Henry Bray, of the Sandhurst Hotel, Queen-street, was arrested yesterday by Detective Forster on two charges of at- tempting an unnatural offence, and was re- manded by the City Bench till Thursday; bail allowed in two sureties of £500 each. Two joung men, named Eugene M'Carthy and Charles Hughes, were committed for trial by the city magistrates yesterday on a charge of burglary at Mrs, Meissner's tobacconist's shop in Bourke-street. The three lads Tracey, Sullivan alias O'Regan, and Reeves were also committed for trial on the charge of assaulting and robbing David Duncan, in Wright's Gin Palace, Bourke-street east. Wm. Doole, aged 37 years, from the Cale- donia diggings, was brought to the hospital last night with his right hand destroyed by the explosion of a blast on Wednesday last. Wm. Taylor, aged 35 years, living in Colling- wood, was also admitted, suffering from injuries to the left hip, caused by a scaffold falling on him at the Northcote Parsonage. A case of infanticide was discovered at about midnight on Thursday, by Constable Knox, who found the dead body of a female child in King-street, between Jeffcott and Latrobe streets, wrapped in a newspaper of the 5th inst., and an old red handkerchief. A gunnybag faintly marked "W" was under the body, which was covered with blood, and two pieces of skin wero torn off the head at the top and the aide, Dr. Neild made a post- mortem examination, and found that it was a decided case of infanticide, the deceased having been suffocated immediately after birtb. It was a fine healthy child, and had apparently been born about a week before it was found. An inquest will be held this morning on both this body and that of the stillborn infant found on Thursday morning on the Yarra-bank. A young man named George Meredith was arrested last night on a charge of stealing a flageolet and a coat norn tho Varieties, and also with burglary at the Bull and Mouth Hotel. He will be brought before the City Court this morning. At about a quarter-past 8 last evening, when on duty at Princo's-bridge, Constable M'Mahon heard an unusual noise up the river, and on going to Edwards's boathouse, he was informed that a woman had cried out that some one was drowning. Ho rowed about 200 yards up the river, and found two of Edwards's men already on the spot. They showed the constable a woman's hat found floating on the water. He crossed to the south bank, where he saw a Mrs. Gulliver, who said she was coming from the Immi- grants' Home, when she heard a splash and a cry of "save me." After about three-quarters of an hour's search, the body of a woman was recovered quite dead and cold. It was taken to tho morgue, and appears to be that of a woman of 23 years, 5ft. 3in. high, fair com. plexion, dark brown hair, dressed in a black silk jacket, lilao skirt, white petticoat with crochet work at bottom, black cashmere boots. On the third finger of the left hand wero a plain gold ring and keeper. Tho hat is a drab one, "pancake" shape, with blue fall. The body awaits identification, and an inquest, A fatal accident occurred about half-post 6 o'clock on Thursday night, ¡on the Government Ballway, two miles from Woodend station, i A farm labourer, named Thomas Scott, was run over by the special train bringing the re- turn excursionists from the Kyneton races. The unfortunate man must have been killed instantly, as the body was frightfully muti- lated when discovered. The cause of the ac- cident is at present unknown, but as tho body was found near one of the crossings it is supposed that he was run down while cross, ing the line. The engine-driver is unable to throw any light on the affair, as he was quite unaware of the accident on arriving at Woodend. The annual festival of the Hornbrook Ragged Schools was held yesterday, in the Richmond-paddock. Twelve schools, com- prising in the aggregate about 700 children, were present on the ground. The children were brought to the ground, some by train, and some in cars, from their respective schools, accompanied by their teachers. They were received in the paddock by the ladies of the school committees and several clergymen who take an active interest in these schools. Among the clergy who wero conspicuous by the activity of their exertions to pro- mote the comfort and enjoyment of the children were the Rev. Messrs. Mackie, Dare, and Becher. The Rev. Messrs. P. S. Menzies, E. Taylor, and G. 0. Vance were also on the ground. The Southern Brass Band was in attendance, tho members of which very kindly volunteered their services, and contributed by their exertions greatly to the amusement of the children. The several schools were camped under trees in different parts-of the paddock, and the children amused themselves with various games. They were regaled with fruit, buns, cakes, lollies, gingeTbeer, lemonade, and milk, of which abundant supplies had been provided by tho ladies of the committee and their friends. After the children had eaten their fill of the good things provided for them and were tired of play, they wero formed into proces- sion and marched round the hill, preceded by the band. They then sang a hymn, and, after a short prayer had been offerod by the Rev. G. Mackie, the children were addressed by the Eev. J. Dare, in a very interesting speech suited to their capacities, to which the children listened with much atten- tion,' and apparently with interest. At the conclusion of the address the children sang another hymn, and then gave three cheers for the Queen, and three for the Governor. A vote of thanks was given to the ladies of the committee, to which the children added three cheers. Thanks and cheers wero also given to the Rev. G. Mackie and the band. After singing a verso of the National Anthem, the children returned to their respective camps, where they wore re- galed with a further supply of cakes and fruit before they were dismissed to their homes. The number of visitors at tho Horticultural Society's Show yesterday was not so large as might havo been looked for, considering tho really excellent character of the exhi- bits, and the suitableness of the exhibition room. Viscountess Canterbury and several members of her family were present during the afternoon. It is expected that his Excel- lency the Governor will visit the exhibition to-day. The flowers, fruits, and exhibits looked remarkably well yesterday, some even better than on Thursday, including Mr. Brunning's fuchsias, and the "Valata pur- pura" standing near them. Some new ex- hibits were noticeable, the most striking being a fine collection of verbenas, the Fox hunter holding a prominent place, sent in by Mr. Cookson, from the garden of the Immi- grants' Aid Society, Prince's-bridge, which garden, as will havo been noticed from the prize-list, has furnished several of the best exhibits of their class. The exhibi- tion will bo open for the lost time to-day. Stoneham's band will be in attendance, and the following is the programme that they will play in the afternoon and even- ing:-Grand pas redouble,. Gurtncr; Den- mark quadrillo, or Danish airs, Godfrey ; se- lection, "William Toll," Rossini; grand valso, "Dor Morgensten," Labitsky; pot- pourri, or airs by Balfe ; grand solection, "Orphée Aux Enfers," Offenbach; galop, " J»ck o' Lantern," Birch, Tho Crown Lands department has re- cently had 100 seats made (by tender) for the Fitzroy, Flagstaff, and Treasury Gardens. Tho backs, legs, and framework of the new scats aro of cast iron, painted over in imita- tion of bronze, and tho seats proper of good strong gum, so that they may be as little liable to destruction from the pocket-knives of mischievous letter-carvers as possible. Sixty-five of the seats have been placed in the Fitzroy-gardens within the last few days, and 25 in the Flagstaff-gardens, but in the latter place the seats havo not been permanently fixed, because at present a largo quantity of soil is being carted into tho garden, and if the seats were put in the places intended for them * before this work, was over, they would run the risk of being damaged. Ton of the new seats are to go to the Treasury-gardens. A few' days ago a corre- spondent complained, through our columns' cf the shady parts of the Flagstaff-gardens having been fenced off, and he, as well as the public generally, w'11 doubtless be glad to know the reason wby it was done, These gardens aro only one-fifth of the size of the Fitzroy-gardens, and at the same timo are sur- rounded by a much more dense population. It has been found from experience that, partly owing to the thoroughly bad nature of the original soil-hard cement and gravel-and partly owing to the great traffic over the gaidcns of late years, the attempts to grow shade-producing trees on any spots not fenced in have proved failures. Some hundreds of the trees planted have been stolen, and a very large number destroyed either carelessly or wantonly. Many havo been trampled down at night. Under these cir- cumstances, Mr. M'Kean and Mr. Hodg- kinson (tho assistant commissioner) decided that it would be desirable to shut up portions of the reserve for tho present, in order to afford the shade-producing trees planted therein an opportunity of growing. In a few years' time, the parts of the garden thus enclosed can be thrown open again. If they were to be thrown open now, they would simply be reduced to the same unsatisfactory state as thoso portions of the garden which are open to the public, on account of the impossibility of preventing the young trees and plants from being trampled down. General Tom Thumb and Commodore Nutt played a game of bowls at the Fitzroy Club yesterday afternoon. The general, with tho commodore, Mrs. Stratton, and Miss War. ren, arrived on the ground at half-past 4, and were entertained at lunch in the pavilion, Mr. M'Kean, M.L.A., occupying tho chair, in the absence of the president, and Mr. H, Templeton, the vice chair. After the lunch a pair of bowls with a suitable inscription were presented to the general and the com- modore. Tho bowls wero specially manu- factured for the purpose by Mr. Alcock. The gamo of bowls followed, sides being chosen by the general and commodore against Mr. M'Kean and Mr. W. Gillbee, four rinks on each side. Play was continued for an hour and a half, and the general came off victorious by 37 points, the scores being Tom Thumb 01, M'Kean 24. The Chief Secretary was among the spectators, and Mr. E. Cohen, M.L.A., played with the Com- missioner of Lands. The detailed score is as follows :-The general's side, No. 1 rink .Mills, Fuigio, Wilson, Tom Thumb, 211 No. 2 rink-Rushall, Rowe, Gillett, Denisi 7 ; No. 3 rink-Hadden, Falconer, Farrago, Nutt, 22 ; No. 4 rink-Morris, T. Kidney, James Baird, Blade, 11 ; total, 01. Mr. M'Kean's side: -No. 1 rink - Collett, Richardson, Cohen, M'Kean, 7 ; No. 2 rink M'Lean, F. L. Smyth, Temploton, 5 ; No. 3 rink-Maries, Fulton, Cunningham, Uillbeo, 0 ; No. 4 rink- Baillie, Harris, Snadden, Dougall, 6 ; total, 24. The cricket matches arranged to bo played this afternoon aro unusually numerous. The first elevens of Richmond and Hotham meet at Richmond ; the second elevens of South Melbourne and East Melbourne play on tho East Melbourne ground ; the Carlton Imperial and University second elevens try conclusions on the^round of the former ; an eleven from the Hotham United Cricket Club meet the second eleven of the Hotham Cricket Club, in the Royal- park j the Brunswick and Carlton United clubs play on the ground of the latter. At Williamstown, the South Melbourne and local clubs en- gage. The St. Paul's School Cricket Club ground will bo occupied with a gamo between tho school and tho Star of Richmond clubs ; and a match has also been arranged to take place in the Richmond-paddock between the second elevens of the Scotch Collège and tho Church of England Grammar School. The annual match between the representa, fives of the legal profession and the bank was played on the East Melbourne Cricket ground on Thursday. Tho featuro of the game was Orr's howling for the banks-the winning side. The representatives of the law only made 148 in their united innings, and Iheir opponents scored 147 in one inning3. The highest scorers among the lawyers were R. Johnson, 19 ; D. Phillips, l8 ; Davidson, 16 ; W. Johnson, 15 ; and D. Campbell (sub.), 11, not out. The best batsmen for the bankers were-A. Loughnan, 35 ; Loughnan, 26 ; Ser- iell, 24 ; and Ballantyne, 15. The return match at bowls botween tho Melbourne and the Richmond Union clubs will be played this afternoon, on the green of the latter club, adjoining the new Town-hall, Bridge-road. Members are requested to be on the green by 3 o'clock. " The Lancashire Lass, " after enjoying a re- markably successful run of five weeks at tho Princess's Theatre, will be withdrawn this evening in favour of a new sensation drama, "The Home Wreck," the posthumous work of Stirling Coyne, which was first played at the Surrey Theatre at the beginning of last year. A new burlesque, " The Military Billy Taylor," by F. C. Burnand, is also announced. Tho performances, or, as they might bo called, the appearances of General Tom Thumb, Mrs. Stratton, Miss Minnie Warren, and Commodoro Nutt, at the Polytechnic hall, will bo brought to a close to-day. At the afternoon entertainment yesterday, the hall was crowded to excess, and in the ovening the attendance was likewise large. To-day there will be three performances, tho extra ono being at 11 in tho forenoon. Next week the party will appear in the principal suburbs, beginning with Emorald-hill on Monday. After being closed for repairs, Chalmers' Church will be re-oponed to-morrow. Dr. 1 Cairns will preach morning and ovening. | The anniversary sermons of the Prahran Wesleyan Church will bo preached to morrow I by the Revs. J. Dare and E. J. Watkin. The public meeting will be held on tho following Tuesday. Sonnons will be preached in Christ Church, S. Kilda, to-monow-in the morning by the Rev. J. Barlow, and in the evening by the incumbent, the Rev. S. J. Low. Special col- lections will bo made on behalf of tho Mel- bourne Hospital. 