Foreign Leoions.— Franco is about reviving hor old practice of 09tablisliing foreign legions, remember ing the Bignal servioos rondarod her by tho colobratod Scottish Guard of Louis tho XI., the Irish Briimdo ot Xontenoy notoriety, and tho Swiss Guard of a later date, for wo obsorvo that the Fronoh press announcos that the Government bus authorised tbe formation of an Amorican Logion of 600 men for tho French sor- vice, who are to bo commanded by a Frenchman. Franco in comparison with Gormanv will And it did- oult to compote with hor rival « in blood and bonos " tho manhood population of the Confederated States being superior in number and brood, owing to the way in which the French consoript regulations afloot tho growth and stamina of tho population, whicli is some lbnr millions loss than thut of Gormany. America has still a sneaking liking for the country which aided hor in hor strugglo for liberty against Great Britain, and will do all in hor power to encourage hor sois to soe aorvico in Franee, which will bo a good oohool for train ing her future horoea for iho time when tho unsoxation of Canada will bo considered an jait accompli. (French sympathies may yet bo very useful whon our Amorican cousins insist upon tboir Alabama claims, and amid n. word they are going to " whip us." j France and Denmark.— The Danes, if We may judgo from the following extrsot, aro not unmjndiul of past favors, wliioh tlioy seem anxious to repay jtpon tho first and oarliost opportunity presenting itself for doing bo. An alliance with Frunoo is ournostly dJsirod by the country, as is shown by a letter from Copenhagen, dated tho 1st August, in tho North Kasteri Corres pondence, whioh says that two Frenoh iron-flads, the frigate Thotis, and tho aviso Cassard, appear d in the harbor on that morning, and that some of the crew having landed, the people, usually so taoiturnforowdod round thorn, with loud onos of " Long livo Fpanoo and tho French flag !" " Down with Prussia !" |Tho cor respondent says that among all olassos in Denmark thore is a strong desire to fight by tho silo of tho Fronoh, Evon tbe Ministerial Fadrllandif, finds it impossible to stom tho current of public opinion, and declares thut " Denmark will, of course, havo to take part in tho war." Tho French troops, it adds, ore as yet far from Denmark ; and, us tho Fronoh Govern ment has not formally oxprossed oithor its wishes or its intentions, it is impossible for tho Danish Ministry to remain otherwise than neutral foil tho prosont As for the Opposition press, it considers that Deninirk ought to have made war on Prussia simultanoaisly with Franco, and that tho Danos could easily havt kops tho Prussians at bay until the Frenob should haw come to their assistanoo. The national Liboral pirty, too, whioh is represented in tho Cabinet by tlieo of its most distinguished members, MM. Hell, Kriger, and Tendor, warmly advooatos an nlliunio witb France; and even tbe peasant party, which usually follows a " poaoe at any price" polioy, has now doolaroi itself in favor of war. _Dr. Livingstone. — The circumstantial ovidenoc which waB adduced by more than ono Englih paper, in proof of tho murdor of this celobratod Arican ex plorer, has boon completely disproved by Si Thomas Maclean, the Astronomer Roval at the Oapoof Good Hope, who, at a publio breakfast, in propsing tho health of Dr. Livingstone, (according to fee Mail) observed that a letter from the Doctor, dded 30th May, 1869, which was roooivod at Zanzibar ot Pet. 2, same year, " is tho latest nowa we have dirsit from him; but wo havo tho nows brought us tho otlir day by Capt. Anderson, of tho Montrose . Captain Aider- son himself told me that he had had a convocation with Dr. Eirk, and that tho dootor had tolf Aim ho had rocoived a letter from Livingstono only t day -or two previously, and that Livingstono was iot only alive, but wall. (Choors.) Tho Montrose lit Zanzi bar on March 12, and I boliove tbe news brught by Captain Anderson to be porfoctly trne. (kolongod cheering.) It wns physically impossible ftj Living stone to buvo gone from where wo heard fro bim in ' May, and to liuvo been whuro ho was said i bo, ac- I cording to the West Coatt rumour, at tho 1 10 whon he was reported to bo murdered." Australian Meat.— The London Press continues to speak highly of the way in whioh the meat shipped -by Messrs. Borkolman and Lambert, of Laurel Bank, - turns out. Tho .European Mail obsorvoa in reforonoo ' to the matter, that a mooting of gentlomen, interested in tiio importation of presorvod moots from Australia, took plaoe at tho London Tavorn on August 2, to examine and tost two casks (eaoh containing about 1 owt.) of raw, boneless beef, 6ont as samples from tho Laurel Bank Estate, Rookhampton, Queensland, bo-, longing to MoBsrs. Borkolman aud Lambort, and pro- Sarod by tho process iutroduood into that colony by a Ir. Staiger, but hotter known as " Manning and 8taiger's proeoss." Ono of tlioso casks was opened in the proaonoe of Sir W. Milman, Sir O. Nioliolson, Colonel tho Honorable W. Fielding, John Donglas, Esq. (agent for QueonBland), Captain Moyno (agent for Now South Wales), Messrs. J. and W. Beit; A. Lumb (from Buonos Ayros, South America), W. Colo- man, R. Philpott, J. Taylor, J. M. Maokay, Goorgo Bonnott, Charlos Balmo, James Wheolcr, and A. J. Lambort, Tho oask which was opened contained piocos of boof varying in weight from 4lbs. to 91bs. Tho meat was oi good color, firm, oloso grainod, and quito froo from stnoll. Its oondition was highly praised by tho oompany. Moat from the cask opened on the proviona day was oxhibitod and declared equally free from taint or smell. At tho request of tho liir\nnta limnlinrm urna iiv/ivtrlnri. f.ViA mnnt fni» thft purpose being tukon from tho oask opened on tho pre vious day, as boforo- namod, and was placed on tho table in the Bhapo of roast, boiled, stowod, and steaks. Sir W. Milman took tho ohair, and tho meeting was aftorwards addressed by Messrs. Maokay (of Messrs. Maokay nnd Gibbs), W. J. Coleman (of W. J- Colo- man and Co,), Douglas, Belt, and others, and from tho goneral tenor of thoir spoeohes, it nppoared that tho moat which had beon examined and eaten was tho bost of tbe kind which had boon imported, and although they feared thero would bo very groat difiloulties to bo overcome before flndiag a roady enlo for it in this country, owing to tho projudioo of tho working olassos againBt any description of presorvod meat s yet they thought it might bo introduood eventually in tho royal and mercantile navios, where it would command a ready sale, and supersede to a groat extont tho uso of salted meats. Assault. — A summons has been issued against Mr. A. Fyfe, the Momborfor Rockhampton, by T. Lynam, Inspector of Nuisancos, for an unprovoked assault al leged by that oflloor to havo boon committed on him by Mr. Fyfo in tho publio streets on Thursday aitor- noon last. Tho caso will bo hoard before tho Polico Magistrate to-morrow morning. Municipal Council. — Tho usual fortnightly meet ing of tbe Oounoil was held on Thursday aftornoon. Prosont : — Aldormon Skardon, Aberdeen, Schmidt, Holt, Caporn. aud Munro. — Tho business of tho - meeting was of a formal charootor — tho appointment of an alderman to fill tho Municipal chair boing tho only important matter. After the resigna tion oi Mr.T. M. Patorson as Mayor, as well as tboso of tho aldermen, had boon read by the Town Clerk, Aldorman Skardon was proposod as Mayor by Aldor- man Munro, seconded by Aldorman Sohmidt,upon the understanding that as soon as tho vacant aldormanio cats had boon filled up ho should resign. The motion was then put to tho meeting by the Town Clerk and doelarod. Oorrospondonoo. — A letter from Mr. H. C. Campbell, surveyor, offering to supervise the worltB of tho Council and prepare plans, for tho sum of £3 por weok. A desultory conversation onsuod upon tlie subject, wliioh torminuted in Mr. Campbell being temporarily engaged by the Council at £3 per week. — A lettor from Mr. H. 0. Dow, calliug attention to tho faob of Frank Sumphroys withdrawing his boats from tho Lower Forry to tho sorious incoiivonionco of residontB on both sides of the rivor, and that directly Dow had put on u boat Humphreys bad rcBumod and run Dow off. — Lettor received. Reports. — Tho Com- mittoo of Works and Finance Reports woro rocoivod. A Btfttomont of tho rccoipts and expenditure for Soptomber was road and laid on tho tublo. Tho corporation seal was ordorod to bo nttachod to the contract fjr repairing the Port Curtis road. Orders of tho day.— On the motion of Aldorman Sknrdon, secondod by Alderman Munro, tho sum of £50 por annum was voted to tho Fire Brigade. On tho motion of Aldorman Caporn, seoondod by Aldorman Munro, a box drain was ordorod to bo put in the Lion Oroek road at a cost of £15. Tho Council thon roso. Rosewood Cotter Mine.— Wo find that tho Rose- \- niVorigmaTcomplmy,tan8o5d,al\,groa?,lyargain by Mossrs. G. A. Lloyd, of Sydney. Mr. Lloyd jun., took possession last weolc of tho property — has returned to Sydney. Aotivo stops will now be taken to work tho mino, and wo understand thnt a now oompany will bo formed, consisting of English capitalists, to carry it out and to deveiopo tbo wealth whioh undoubtedly exists. While wo congratulate Rookhampton upon tho above fnotB, and upon tho results which will acorue from them, wo cannot holp regretting that Mr. Fisher, tho original prospector, and his partv should ho pushed aside altogether, and that thoy should reap no benefit from uu ontorpriso whioh their spirit and skill first called into birth. If tho Rosewood mine should turn out as well as wo anticipate, wo have no doubt but that other capitalists will be induced to invest their money in our district, and assist us in oponing out our vast na'ural resources. Wo have ull around us largo and as yet only partially tested minoral Holds, now lying idle or only very partially worfcod, because wo lsok both the necessary skill and capital, and, if Mr. Lloyd should succeed in forming tho oompany, which wo havo no doubt— from his largo resources and influenoa — ho will be abio to do, wo may look forward with confidonco to better times, and to an awakening of thoae industries which havo lain dormant so long. Luck's A'.—" Botter bo born luoky than rioh " is a timo honored sayiBg, aud we believo is, on tho whole, quito as correct as moat of tbo " wiso saws and modern instances," which so many of us regard with a specios of superstitious reverence. A ease came under onr notioe the otlior day which confirms the truth of tho adage. A miuor left Rockhampton in tho evening for Now Zealand Gully, bo arrived there safo in mind and limb, but when lm Imrl nnr. I,;» into hia pouch he found he lmd lost bis monoy, amounting to £50. The moon was up and bnok ho started and axamined overy inch of tho road ho hud travelled, and was about giving up in despair when in the middlo of tho traok near England's paddook ho saw tho purse lying noar a large stone. We need not say that ha picked it up witli all imaginable haste in order to discover whother its contents wore safe, and to his great delight ho found the ton five-pound notes quito uninjured by tho rain, and as sound as when he first had them. We should uncommonly liko to join this luoky fellow in a reefing speculation. Publicans' Liobnsbs.— The N. S. Walos Legisla tive Assembly havo boon for souao time past consider ing tho advisability of increasing tho power of magis trates to doal with tho granting of publican's liconsos, and of allowing the pooplo to have a voioo in the mat- tor whon thoso lioonsos arc applied for. Wo now find that they lmvo introduced a bill into Parliament which gives a largo discretion to tho magistrates, and makes the refusal of tho iiconso compulsory if opposed by a majority of tho inhabitants. This is a great stride on wards, and must be viewed by rospoctublo publicans and by tho. peoplo with tho utmost satisfaction. It would be wall if our Quoonsland Legislators, who ap pear totally unable to grappio with tho major dutioB of the Stato, would try their hands at tbo minor ones, and ondoavor to sot to rights many small affairs, which although of not vital importance individually, aro in tho " sum tottlo " of very groat weight. There hue boon, for oxamplo, far too little caution exorcised in granting publican's lioonsos, and an almost oulpablo carelessness exhibited in tho goneral surveillance of public-houses, in fact liconscs aro grontod to anybody who chooses to apply, ond so long as tho £30 is forth coming no questions are asked, and no enquiries mado. The faot of making it oompulaory to refuse a liconse if opposed by tho majority of the inhabitants of a lo- oality, would soon root out all who mako tboir houses dens of thieves and trysting placos for loose and im moral choructors, while it would considerably add to tho general raspecjability nnd good standing of thoso engaged in a business, whioh of ail others demands care and circumspection in oarrying it out. While upon this topio wo venture a liopo that tho £10 lioonse lor all bouses at eortain distances from largo townB, will beaomo law during the coming sessions, as wo beliove tho prosont ohargo of £30 is fur too high for country publioans to pay, nnd is tho cause of nino-tenths of sly grog selling nnd its attendant ovils. The Govern ment should do all that thoy can to onoourego 11 pub lioans" and to crush out " sinners." Inattention.— Somo two months sinco a potition was Bent to the Government signed by more than 100 of tho most influential men in Rookhampton, praying that tho mouth of Moore's Crook, North Rookhamp ton, might be dammed. Up to this time no answer bus been received ; this nogleot, to ssy the least of it, is not courteous. Peak Downs.— We were informed yesterday by a teamster who has just arrived from Peak Downs, that ho. was twenty-six weeks on tho road, and lost throo ot his best horses on tho journey. Ho described tho road as boing in a foarful condition ; hfl' also informed us that one person, a Mr. Myers, lias taken tho contract for supplying the Peak Downs Copper Company with wood, thus throwing a large numbor of toamstors out of work, most of whom are now making thoir way down to Rookhampton. Ferries — Wo do not hoar that any stops are boing taken to build a now wooden punt, or in any way to improvo tho — at prosont — wrotobed accommodation whioh is furnished for tho oonvoyanoo of stook and teams across the rivor. As we havo frequently re marked, there is not tho slightest necessity for the Corporation to lay out any money, as there are plenty of mon on both sides of tho ferry who would bo willing to build a punt sufilcientlv large to meet requirements until tho bridge is built, if auything like liberal terms were offered. Roads. — We understand that a party is now am- ployod upon improving tho road at " Flag Staff Hill," tho other sido of tho Dawson, 16 milos this side of Ghinghinga, and that in a short time toamstors will bo ablo to travel through a district whioh for the last two voars has been literally impassable. If this road be placod in anything liko decent repair, wo may fairly antioipato that a very largo portion of the traffic, which has lately drifted to Brisbano, will return to its natural ohannol. Wo also understand that Mr. Fyfo has been requested by tho Government to send in a list of the roads leading from Rookhampton whioh are in a bad stato ; we thus presume that our frequent appeals bave had some efioct, and that our wants will at least bo considered— whether tbo consideration will load to bonefloial results wo have yob to learn ; but wo almost fear this is anothor stroke of the patte do velours, just a little oil poured upon tho troublod waters, for the purpose of keoping us iu passablo good temper. Our Aldermen. — Notico bos been given that a nomination for the olootion of aldermen will be held in the Munioipal Chambers, on Tuosdsy, the 1st Nov. next. This notice was rondorod nocossary by tho re tirement of Mr. Patorson from Arohor Ward, and of Mossrs. Alexander Grant and R. R. Jones, from Leiehhardt Ward ; but why thoy retired we are not able to inform our readers, as neither gentleman ho9 favoured his supporters with his roaionB for his hasty abdication. But " lot the dead bury their dead,"— wo do not euro about discussing tho qualities, good or bod, of dofunct aldormon — to eaoh of whom wo soy requiescat in pace : thoreforo we will leave them alono in thoir glory, nnd turn to a subject of far more impor tance — that of tboir successors. Tho disoiples of the " rest-and-do-nothing " school have had a very fine opportunity of displaying thoir ability, and of exhibit ing tho marvellous beauty of tho system— and thoy availed thomsolvos of it to tho fullest extent, for since they como into powor they havo done nothing but talk and iiud fault with the inootivity of their predecessors, while they have shewn thoir admiration of it by per- terming infinitely loss. Tbcy cortainly got rid of the Town Surveyor, and doomod tbe punt to on ignomini ous banishmont, but thon theso wore nogative virtues, and only proved their powor of undoing. Somehow or anothor the lato Mayor did not suit his Aldermen, or his Aldermen did not suit him ; this, together with Mr. Grant's dcoided objection to the want of go-ahead- ism on tho part of his colleagues, and tho breaking up of the old routiuo, (whioh, althotigh not faultless, worked uncommonly well) produced a split in the camp, resulting in a demoralization of tho body muni cipal. What stops are tho ratepayers about to take P will they soleot mon who havo had no oxperionco in dealing with business matters, except on an exceed ingly small sealo? Will they trust local affairs in tho hands of thoso who havo no stnko in tho town, and who fancy thoy oan govern bocauBO they have a great disliko to bo rulod ? Or will they look about for thoso who have large interests at stako, who havo had to doal with largo mercantile transactions, who are mon of figures, and who can at loast express thomsolves in a lucid and comprehensive mannor, nnd who are not likoly to wasto their timo bv giving vent to long oxor- diums all about red-tupo P Wo insist upon it that respectability, (and cxtromo respectability) united with a fair amount of brains, are absolutely neooBsary quali fications iu a mombnr of tbo Munioipal Council, as woll as iu a member of Parliament. Whether wo are repre sented in tho House and in tho Town Hall by mon leave ino puonu liueitaw.'"'!. is-a.ouostiou we must to from saying much about our present aldermou ; the pooplo olioso thorn, os thoy did Mr. Fyfe, and wo woro bound to respcot the opinions of tho many, who, though they frequently aot wrongly — because thoy draw con clusions hastily, gonerally manage in tho long run to strike into the right path. That thoy havo mado fatal mistakes latoly at tho ballot-box they caunot but allow, that they have tho power of correoting them we are willing to concede ; wo therefore hope to find that during tho coming eloction for aldermou thoy will only nominate Buch men as will, by their very presence alono, restore tho Council to something like its old status, and who will, for their good names' sake — if ior nothing else, perform thoir onerous dutieB earnestly and effectually. We have permission to reiso tho sum of £18,000 ; without it. or a portion of it, we Bhall oomo to a standstill. Wo must havo it, but as tho Council is now constituted, oould the monoy bo raised P To this wo answer — " No." Thoreforo, upon this one single ground only, tho ratepayers are bound to return men who will' not only possess tho confidence of the town, but of tho Government, und of what is of still more conseqnenoe — that of money-lenders, North Rookuamtton National SonooL. — Wo aro glad to find that the Board of Education havo approved of tho spot of ground selected by the North Rook hampton Sohool Committee, as a sito for tho new aohool room and teachor's residence, and that the plans and specifications for tho buildings have coma to band. The work wo presume will commence shortly, as ten ders are callod for, and will bo despatched to Brisbano as soon as possible. Wo have to congratulate the com- mitteo upon tho'successful issue of thoir labors, and to compliment Mr. Macdonnol upon tbe zeal ho has dis played in tho causa of education, and qho readiness ho oxhibitod in meeting tho wishes and viows of tho peo plo on tho North 9ido of the rivor, We oan say with much oonfidonco to tho heads of other public depart ments, " go ye, and do likewiso." More Botcuiing. — " The Brisbane bridge," says tbe Queeiulander, "commenced undor brilliant auspices, and with every pro3poot of being speedily completed, it was never imagined that five years ufterwards tho only progress mndo would be tbe ereetion of a few pillars, which Btand as monuments of mismanagement and extravagance." Wo were surprised to find this wail coming from onr contemporary, for wo were under the belief that this pons asinorum was in a fair way of being constructed, and that the municipal authorities of Brisbane were counting how many chickens would bo hatcbod from tho costly golden egg. Wo under stood that Messrs. Roto and Co. woro ready to oom- menco operations, and that a little more of our money was to find its way into tho coffors of English eon- tractors. But " that fatality whioh generally follows our publio undertakings crawled in to retard tho pro gress of tho work. Mr. Cairns, tho official liquidator of tho bank, without whose signature the agreement is null and void, has refused to sanotion the arrange ment, on tho ground that it has not boon approvod of by a general mooting of tho bank shareholders." But whoso fault is it that 11 another valuable six months w «u uu waBiea oeiore any aeticn can bo taken " P why is it that a " fatality crawls in " ?— simply bcoausu wo npprohend those who have the management of uffairs are nothing but commercial fools— and do not look in any way before thoy loap. Why was it not forcseon, that tho approval of tho bank shareholders would bo nocessary. and why did not Mr. Cairns himsolf state so before matters had proceeded thus far? Kotbing but muddle— thore doos not appear to bo ono olear boadod man in tho colony — and our present laok of a guiding band, gives alio to the common idea that when a man is really wanted ho will always be found, Liko Diswoli's " Coming Man " — our Criohton is always coming — wo wait his appearanoo. Changing ' Hands. — Tho Queensland Exprets newspaper, "has" (says tho Queenslander) "passed into tho hands of somo six or sevon of tho omplovds engaged upon it, and it is henceforth to bo published overy T uesdny, Thursday, and Saturday. Wo heartilv wish the new proprietors success." Wo endorse tha good wishes of our contemporary, while wo havo to express our regrets that Mr. Aitkin should have found it necessary to retire. 'uunu Drunkards.— During tho past week several mon have boon placed in tho dock, oharood JitL i. drunk in the publio streets. Thoy havo been in moif instance fined tho inovitablo 6s., and in default of «« ' aentenwd to imprisonment for 24 hours. Thh Treasurer's Statement.— Tbe Treainrer'sitste" menb for the quarter is published, and, as usual, it is far from being satisfactory, and leads us to endorse the opinion wo hnvo before expressed, that the Augean stable of tbo state requires a thorough cleansing j but who will be the Hercules to do it remains yet a mystoty. Petty and unnecessary reductions have beon made which havo resulted in nothing but inflict ing injuries upon a fow private individuals, aud in reducing tho minor details of Government business to a condition of infinite confusion, whilo no attempt has beon mado to grappio with thoso features, oi expendi ture which nre draining tho oountry, and preventing anything liko a fair portion of tho rovonue from being laid out upon publio works, so much required sMk) loudly demandod. While our legislators "» ling and fighting for tho carcase, wbioh is uaSSu becoming wasted — if not rotten — tho veins ana arteries that fed it aro bccoming dry, and a gbneral deaduess and exhaustion prevails over the whole body politio.. Wo are not amongst those who look upon this con dition of affairs as inourable, nnd, although we de- nounce our legislators as hawks hovering, over oil 1 / partios ready to swoop down where the prey may prove best, and, although we rogerd members of Par liament — for the most part— as so many smaller birds of prey pioking up tho leavings ot their larger bretheron, still it is possible to score them away if the Deoulo would but use their streneth. even if it i ram only liko Mazeppa to exert tbo " throat's taint struggling noise, Whioh scarcely could be eallou a voice." Ministers after ministers have taken their seats, pledg ing thomsolvos to do thut whioh they knew was im possible, because tho dust of the governmental ante chamber was fatal to honesty, and because the legislative atmospiiore was poisonod by the fumes arising from tbo mass of bribery and corruption thoy could neither destroy nor weakoo. Ministerial chloride of limo id est, great promisee and perhape good intontione, havo failed in every instant— the taint woe too powerful for the disenfeotent. There fore, wo find that ministers have been merely spending thoir timo in strangling their predecessors, and in putting monoy in their purses a la Napoleon, against tho inevitable day. But wo must, to quote " Pitt," try if we cannot infuBO such a portion of now health into tho constitution as may enable it support its most inveterate diseases. We find, upon turning to the statement, that there is a dccroaso in tho income for tho quarter of £40,000 on that of the correspond ing quarter of 1868, and oi £-1350 on that of 1869. While tho expenditure shews an increase of £8124on the corresponding quarter of 1868, and less £1707 than that of 1869. Strange to say that, although it is said our population is decreasing and our trade languish ing, it is a foot that tho Customs duties for the quarter ending September, 1870, are in excess of tbe corres ponding quarter in 1868, £2700, and this too in the l'aoe tlmt many dutiablo commodities are now produced largely within the colony which at one timo we did not produco at all. This would make it appear eithor thut population is increasing, or that the people are becoming more wealthy, Thore is an inoreoso on oolonial rum of ovor £600, bnt a doorenso on tho stomp duty of £1770. On gold tho increase is but (light, boing about £120, though the miners' rights and busi ness licenses have increased £700. The land revenue is lees by £9900, and the postage, £125. The lioonsos exceed 1868 by about £100, and foes on office are less by £383. The railway receipts shew a falling off of £3174. With regard to the Consolidated Revenue tho special appropriations are £110,714 lis. 8d. in 1870, against £11G,610, 1869. Exocutive and legisla tive, £2236 Is. 2d., 1870, against £2739 Os. 6d., 1869. Colonial Secretary's Department, £44,184 7s. 6d., 1870, against £46,422 19s. lid., 1869. Administra tion of jnstico. £3189 3s. 6d., 1870, and £3964 8s. in 1869\. Colonial Treasurer, £12,706 10s., 1870, and £15,723 7s. 7d., 1869. Secretary for Lands, £8838 10s. 6d., 1870, and £13,334, 1869. Secretary for Publio Works, £34,025 10s. Id., 1870, and £31,096 4s. 10d., 1869. Postmaster-Gonoral, £24,426 lis. 3d., 1870, and £19,108 17s. lid., 1869. Tndtr the head of Loan Expenditure wo find a total of £23,924 lvjjd., 1870, nnd £25,675 5s. lid.. 1869. Special a(0Ui, including now House of Parliament and Immigration Fund. London, (March and Juno quarters), £10,319 17s. 10d., 1870, and £2006 17s. 6d., 1869. These returns shew that wo aro not drifting absolutely into s condition of beggary, as is generally asserted we ate, still wo aro increasing our liabilities— or in plainer words, we aro not paying our debts, The great ques- moro and rofram from increasing our loan, or whether we shall boldly venture furtbor, and by the employment of more borrowed capital, endeavor to open up our natural resources by making roads, ex tending railways, aud fostering local industries. Wo havo no hesitation whatover in recommending the latter ; the " masterly inactivity " polioy is the curie of the country. 